DESIGNATED SPECIAL STATUS WITHIN THE EUROPEAN UNION The European Union needs to change. Sinn Féin wants a social Europe, which promotes peace, demilitarisation, economic and social justice, international solidarity and greater democratic accountability. Today’s European Union has created widespread hardship as austerity, deregulation and privatisation have undermined the social function of states and the rights of citizens, including the rights of workers. This has assisted the growth of far-right parties, which exploit people’s fears. Brexit is a consequence of that. Brexit is not the answer. Brexit will have a detrimental impact on the Good Friday Agreement and the principles of the peace process as well as devastating consequences for the economy across Ireland. The alternative to Brexit is designated special status for the North within the European Union. This can be done within the current constitutional arrangement. The only other way to prevent Brexit is through a United Ireland The EU has shown itself to be flexible in dealing with different forms of integration and different forms of relationships for member states and non-member states. Designated Special Status would preserve access to the Single Market and Customs Union; ensure that we retain the Common Travel Area and maintain access to all EU funding streams. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: Delivering designated special status for the North within the EU. Continued political representation for the north of Ireland within the EU Parliament and ministers from the Six County Executive should continue to attend EU Council of Ministers’ meetings, when necessary. ■Given that the Good Friday Agreement is a bilateral treaty no agreement between the EU and the British government may apply to the north of Ireland without agreement of both governments. Special provisions to allow the North to seamlessly resume full status within the EU in the aftermath of a successful Irish Unity referendum. A TIME FOR UNITY Sinn Féin believes there should be a referendum vote on Irish unity within the next five years. A strong vote for Sinn Féin in this election will strengthen that demand and advance the imperative of ending partition and for reunification. The imposition of Brexit and cuts from the Tories demonstrates the unjust and undemocratic nature of partition and the union. Partition divided our people, our economy, our public services, and the democratic system. It was wrong and it has failed. Ending partition has now taken on a new dynamic following the Brexit referendum. Brexit and the imposition of an EU frontier across Ireland has the potential to further entrench partition. For all of Ireland to prosper, partition needs to be eradicated, not reinforced. The Good Friday Agreement and subsequent agreements provided for greater all-Ireland cooperation and a peaceful democratic pathway to Irish Unity. The European Council has acknowledged that in the event of a vote in support of Irish Unity all of Ireland would be part of the European Union. Now is the time to plan, to build and to win a new, agreed and united Ireland. A progressive prosperous, equal and inclusive Ireland. One in which all identities and traditions have a place and the opportunity to contribute to our shared nation. Now is the time for unity. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ Securing and winning a referendum on Irish Unity ■ Building a new agreed and united Ireland ■ Realising the economic potential of Irish Unity ENDING TORY CUTS Over recent years, Tory governments at Westminster have cut hundreds of millions from public services in the North and sought to impose swingeing cuts on those most in need in society. Sinn Féin believes public services should be properly financed and that financial supports are given to ensure people can have a decent standard of living. Tory austerity has not impacted on everyone in the same way. They have pursued a policy of tax cuts for the rich while the poorest have had their benefits cut. Despite the Tory cuts, Sinn Féin has sought to protect front-line services and to defend the most vulnerable in our society. However, the Tory’s tax and cuts agenda continues to increase poverty and inequality. The imposition of Brexit on top of their cuts will be a double whammy for our economy and public services. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ Securing the fiscal powers to build a prosperous and fair economy ■ Supporting and investing in public services ■ Protecting those most in need ■ Realising the potential benefits of greater all-Ireland co-operation. WORKING TO ESTABLISH THE EXECUTIVE In the Assembly elections, the people ofthe North overwhelmingly backed the need for change. They endorsed Martin McGuinness’s position that there had to be an end to political corruption, to disrespect and inequality. Since then, Sinn Féin has engaged in talks to secure the full implementation of the existing agreements and to establish an Executive working with integrity and delivering for all with equality and respect. The Executive could be re-established tomorrow if the Tory party and the DUP lived up to their responsibilities. Instead the talks have been suspended by the Tory party for a self-serving election. We have again heard repeated refusals from the DUP to support an Irish Language Act and opposing funding to promote the Irish Language by Belfast City Council. We have witnessed both the Tory party and the DUP setting aside the agreements on legacy and seeking impunity for members of the British army and their agents. We still have a way to go to resolve these issues, to find agreement and get to the bottom of the RHI scandal. After the election on the 8th June we will immediately return to talks. With your support, we can secure the implementation of agreements and ensure we get an Executive up and working for all in society. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ The full implementation of the Good Friday and subsequent agreements ■ An Irish Language Act and Marriage Equality ■ For respect, equality and integrity in the Executive PROTECTING YOUR HEALTH SERVICE The Tory Party has sought to starve the health service of funds and promote privatisation. Sinn Féin believes in a truly national public health service based on need and free at the point of delivery. Michelle O’Neill as health minister received the Bengoa Report, a plan to transform the health service in the north. We want to see it resourced and implemented. The biggest threat to this plan and to your health services is Tory party cuts and the DUP Brexit. BREXIT AND HEALTH CARE WORKERS In the north, 8.8% of registered doctors come from other EU countries and many others received their medical training in the south. There are no arrangements in place to ensure that these crucial staff can remain or have their qualifications recognised. BREXIT AND CROSS-BORDER HEALTH CO-OPERATION Services such as paediatric cardiology in Dublin, the new Radiotherapy Unit in Derry, out-of-hour GP services in Castleblaney, and Inishowen, and ENT services at Monaghan, Daisy Hill and Craigavon hospitals have all reduced patient travelling times and waiting lists. These services and agreements are now at risk due to Brexit. BREXIT AND HEALTH COVER EU membership provides access to healthcare in other European countries. Post-Brexit, your European Health Insurance Card will no longer guarantee you free treatment if you fall sick while travelling or working in the South or in an EU country. You will face additional health insurance costs. Brexit threatens not just the free movement of health workers but also induces a chill factor where people may no longer come here to deliver the services we need. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ The North to be designated special status within the EU to safeguard your health and services ■ Retaining crucial health care workers ■ Continued free access to health care across the EU ■ Resisting Tory Cuts to health care and mental health ■ The resourcing of health care and the implementation of the Bengoa Report ■ Greater all-Ireland co-operation in health care ■ The development of truly national health care services INVESTING IN EDUCATION AND SCHOOLS The Tory party at Westminster have proposed cutting the education budget. Sinn Féin is for investing in education and offering opportunities to our young people to study and travel abroad. Tory cuts and the DUP Brexit will end access to EU funds and supports to research and students. BREXIT AND SCHOOL FUNDING Brexit will cut €30 million PEACE IV funding from 350 schools as well as funding for 7,000 marginalised young people who are not in education, employment or training. BREXIT AND RESEARCH FUNDING Higher Education Institutions and other researchers here have accessed €15.5 million funding from the Horizon 2020 programme. This funding stream for new projects will end with Brexit. BREXIT AND STUDENTS The EU’s Erasmus+ programme supports inter-European opportunities for students to travel and study aboard. This is under threat by Brexit. There is also no guarantee that qualifications will be recognised in any European country. BREXIT AND STUDENT FEES Students from the North who wish to study in the South face the prospect of tuition fees levied at the International Student rate which is between €6,750 and €49,000, more expensive than the current €3,000 charge. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ The North to be designated special status within the EU to safeguard our schools and universities, and our education system. ■ Opposing Tory cuts and investing in education ■ Continued access to Peace and other funding ■ Continued access to EU-wide research opportunities ■ An all-Ireland approach to education planning and student studies ■ The movement of students across Europe and recognition of qualifications. SAFEGUARDING YOUR RIGHTS The Tory party and the DUP have sought to minimise your rights and entitlements to human, civil and workers’ rights. They have refused to sign up to a Bill of Rights that is central to the Good Friday and other agreements. Refused to recognise the rights of Irish speakers, and the right to marriage equality. We have seen all too clearly the attempts of the British government to obstruct legacy inquests and to offer immunity to their armed forces for crimes carried out here. Sinn Féin believes in a rights-based society, with equality and mutual respect at its core. Under Brexit your rights and agreements will be further eroded. BREXIT AND HUMAN RIGHTS ACT The Tory party plan to scrap the 1998 Human Rights Act (HRA) and to remove the British Government from any international human rights accountability. The HRA gives effect to the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) and grants access to the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR). Access to the convention and court are fundamental commitments of the Good Friday Agreement. The ECHR affords protections for fundamental rights including; freedom from torture, the right to a private life, the right of cultural identity, freedom of conscience and religion, freedom from discrimination and the right to life. The scrapping of the HRA would restrict access to this essential Human Rights court. BREXIT AND WORKERS’ RIGHTS Brexit will mean the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights would not apply, and the EU Court of Justice (ECJ) would not be the final arbiter in providing rights’ protections. Access to the ECJ has been vital to ensuring that women are entitled to equal pay for equal work despite British courts having denied them this for seven years. It took a decision of the European Commission to ensure that women not only received equal pay for being in the same job as a man but also that they received equal pay for doing work of equal value. EU law ensured that women could not be dismissed because they were pregnant, overturning a ruling in a British Court that such a dismissal did not constitute sex discrimination. The ECJ ensured that part-time workers received paid holiday leave and has guaranteed levels of health and safety at work. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ The North to be designated special status within the EU to safeguard your rights and access to the European Court of Human Rights. ■ Safeguarding all the rights and entitlements of the Good Friday and subsequent agreements. ■ A Bill of Rights for the North. ■ An All-Ireland charter of fundamental rights ■ Ending Zero Hours Contracts ■ Protecting workers’ rights SUPPORTING FARMING AND PROMOTING AGRI-FOODS In the pursuit of Brexit, the DUP and Tory party are prepared to lay waste to our rural communities and farming economy. The farming sector is both a major food provider and a major employer. BREXIT AND FARMING The north is a net beneficiary of EU funds. Our agriculture sector is heavily dependent on EU funding via direct payments/single farm payments from the Common Agriculture Policy. It is estimated that 87% of farm incomes come from these payments. Brexit would represent a loss of £236 million per annum to farmers, an average of £10,184 per farm, as well as also removing £186 million from our Rural Development Programme. The DUP has supported a Tory Party that refuses to commit to replacing funds lost by Brexit. Brexit will impose costly barriers including tariffs, origin checks, more paperwork, physical border checks and two different regulatory regimes. A large number of animals and products travel north and south for processing, slaughter and breeding every day. Brexit will have massive implications on the sale, marketing and price of these products should no solution for country-oforigin labelling be found. EU Regulations ensure a high standard of produce, Brexit exposes us to the vulnerability of cheap imports as the Tories pursue trade deals which reflect their needs and not those of producers in the north. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ The North to be designated special status within the EU to ensure continued supports to farming communities and access to markets. A Free and Fair Trade Agreement rooted in equivalence of standards and mutual recognition that protects long established trade and processing routes. A transitional arrangement to bridge the gap between the Brexit and final agreement on a new British-EU trading relationship with phased implementation of new relationships. ■ Maintaining access to CAP farm payments ■ Country-of-origin labelling for the island as a whole. ■ Ensuring access to labour and workers’ rights. BUILDING BUSINESS GROWING TRADE The Tory party and DUP Brexit poses a huge threat to the economic future of the people of this island in terms of a land border on the island, the north being forced out of the single market and barriers to trade. What is required is a pro-active detailed strategy to deal with the special and unique circumstances faced by the island of Ireland including protecting all-Ireland trade and dealing with the huge challenges in relation to future trading arrangements between the EU and Britain. Sinn Féin wants to realise the potential of our economy free, from a border. In order to realise our economic potential in particular we need to build a prosperous economy with strong local small and medium size businesses and export-led growth, attractive to foreign direct investment, and with a strong skills base and respect for workers, we must retain membership of the EU. Put simply, Brexit is bad for business and bad for workers. BREXIT AND TRADE The EU is an important market, buying over £5bn of our goods and services last year, the majority of which was all-Ireland trade. Brexit will place additional costs and restrictions to this trade. Despite the rhetoric of “frictionless” and “seamless” borders, the reality is the Irish government is already preparing the customs sites that will be required to enforce the new control and regulatory regimes that Brexit will entail. BREXIT AND FDI Offering access to the single market is key to our attraction as a location for inward investment, particularly in higher-skilled and higher-paid sectors. The loss of access to the EU market will undermine our attractiveness to FDI and cost thousands of jobs. BREXIT AND STRUCTURAL FUNDS The EU is an important source of Structural Funds, designed to reduce regional disparities in wealth, income, and opportunity. Brexit will lock the North out of these funds with a knock-on impact across Ireland with a potential loss of €982 million. SINN FÉIN PRIORITIES INCLUDE: ■ The North to be designated special status within the EU to ensure continued access to EU markets, funding and supports. ■ A trade deal with Britain. ■ Ensuring EU energy and Infrastructure programmes look at the needs of the island of Ireland as a whole. ■ A range of fiscal measures to mitigate the disastrous impact of Brexit including changes to EU fiscal rules, exception to EU State Aid rules, a new Brexit Solidarity Fund and broadening the scope of the Globalisation Adjustment Fund and other funding opportunities. ■ Safeguarding workers rights.