2015 Westminster Election Manifesto Plaid Cymru means ‘The Party of Wales’ - we stand up for you, your family, your community and all of Wales. Always. We are a party for the whole of Wales - whether you live in a town or in the countryside, whatever your backgroundor language. We are ready and able to take on Westminster, challenging the UK parties.We refuse to let Wales be treated as second class, because we’re not tied to London party bosses, unlike ALL the UK parties. Our detailed proposals in this manifesto are focused on improving the lives of everyone who lives in Wales. What Plaid Cymru wants for Wales: ccThe people of Wales face a real choice at the election. All three Westminster parties are committed to slash and burn economics. It is likely that there will be another hung parliament after the election. In that scenario, Plaid Cymru could hold the balance of power alongside our colleagues in the SNP. Should that happen, Plaid Cymru will seek a rebalancing of power and wealth in the UK If the people of Wales return a strong team of Plaid Cymru MPs in May then Wales will be best placed to secure an outcome to improve the prospects of our people and communities The same deal for Wales on funding and powers as Scotland To save and strengthen our NHS: 1,000 extra doctors and more nurses To get Wales working again:50,000 jobs through more public contracts for Welsh companies A fairer economy: increase the minimum wage to a living wage for more than 250,000 workers and zero business rates for over 70,000 Welsh companies There is nothing inevitable about Wales’ futureOur own destiny is in our own hands. In all likelihood, the election on the 7th of May will result in a balanced parliament where no single Westminster party has a mandate to rule alone.That gives Wales an The Westminster parties have all We’ll seek a pay rise for those unprecedented opportunity to signed up to an Austerity Charter struggling on earnings below hold the balance of power through that promises further cuts. People the living wage.electing the biggest team of Plaid here can take no more.We’ll unleash the potential of Cymru MPs ever.By its own terms, austerity has our small and medium-sized Not only would that place our failed to deliver. The deficit has not businesses by allowing 70,000 country firmly on the political map been eliminated. The UK’s debt is not to pay rates at all.and provide an opportunity to rising and is over £1.4 trillion. The We’ll support our treasured secure equality for our country UK has lost its coveted ‘Triple-A’ NHS by securing 1,000 extra in terms of the level of selfcredit rating.doctors to improve access to government we have and the It’s time to end the austerity GPs’ services and bring down financial resources we need, but experiment.waiting times.it also gives us the opportunity to end the devastating austerity Plaid Cymru will always act in Post-austerity Wales, driven agenda.Wales’ best interests. We stand by Plaid Cymru will see Wales’ for each and every person who nationhood respected and our Communities in every corner of lives in Wales regardless of people empowered.our country have suffered as a background.result of the politics of austerity.In May’s election we’ll pursue From cuts to services and AMpolicies that will lay the community assets, to an foundations of post-austerity Leader of Plaid Cymru - unacceptable assault on those in Wales. We will rebalance power The Party of Walesreceipt of social protection, it has and wealth away from the City of been a painful five years for many London, and its draining financial people.services sector, instead breathing But austerity is not inevitable. It is new life into communities in a choice.Wales, in new skills for a new, balanced economy. Contents1. Working For Wales - Bringing our Government Home2. Working for Jobs -Growing the Economy, Getting Wales Working , Finance and Taxation3. Working for Better Healthcare - Saving our NHS, Public Health4. Working for our Children’s Future - Education, Higher Education, Training and Skills5. Working for a Fairer Wales -Welfare, Pensions, Fuel Poverty, Housing6. Working for a Safer Wales - Crime, Justice, Policing7. Working for Wales -Defence, International Policy and Security8. Working for Wales in Europe - Reform, Migration9. Working to Connect Wales - Transport10. Working for a Better Wales - Democracy and Government11. Working for a Greener Wales -Energy, Natural Resources, Food and Agriculture12. Working for all our People -Rural Affairs, Sustainable Communities,The Welsh Language, Equality13. Working for a more Successful Wales -Brand Wales, Tourism, Sport, Arts, Media and Culture Working For WalesBringing our Government Home “People across the British state are looking for an alternative to the broken Westminster system. Plaid Cymru wants to bring our government home to Wales so that we have the powers and levers to at least put us on a par with our neighbours. Wales must have the control over its own natural resources, criminal justice and policing system and our government must be made accountable to the people for the money it spends on their behalf. Wales must be treated as a nation and have the powers to act as a nation. We want the decisions that affect us made here in Wales //- not by a Westminster government that doesn’t prioritise Wales. Wales must be treated as a nation and have the powers to act as a nation. Plaid Cymru believes that Wales is a sovereign country, and that power belongs in the hands of the people of Wales. It’s only fair that Wales should have the same powers as Scotland. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru were the first party to respond to the Silk Commission and the Independence Referendum in Scotland, publishing our ‘Bring our Government Home’ paper and tabling far-reaching amendments to the Wales Act to give powers to Wales. Plaid Cymru has long made the case for giving the Welsh Government more powers. In our submission to the Silk Commission we called for job-creating powers in finance, responsibility for energy, responsibility for energy, and criminal justice. As part of the One Wales Government from 2007 to 2011 in Wales, we led the campaign for the 2011 referendum, where nearly two-thirds supported giving the Welsh Government lawmaking powers for the first time. Plaid Cymru calls for the following powers to become Welsh government responsibilities immediately:PolicingCriminal Justice and the courtsSentencing, Legal Aid, Crown Prosecution Service and judiciaryPrison service and probation servicePublic Sector pay and conditionsElements of Social ProtectionAdditional Planning PowersBroadcastingNatural Resources and EnergyAll licensing and oversight powers for the exploitation of natural resourcesThe Crown EstateWater, including seweragePorts and harboursMaritime Coastguard AgencyWales and Border rail franchiseNetwork Rail operations in WalesSpeed limits and drink drive limitsBus and taxi regulation Decisions closer to home We want to see the full transfer to the Welsh Government of the powers recommended in both reports by the Commission on Devolution in Wales as quickly as possible so it will be possible to create a better, fairer and more prosperous society for the people of Wales. Our proposed reserved powers model would set out which powers are in the hands of the people of Wales and which still lie with Westminster. Citizen-led Constitution All powers should be given to Wales except those the Welsh people agree should be kept by Westminster, as is the case in Scotland and Northern Ireland. Plaid Cymru will push for a written constitution for Wales which will be guided by its citizens not by politicians. Developing the Welsh constitution in this way will enable us to consider the society we want to build, not just where the powers should be held. Working together Much can be done to improve the way the four nations work together for the benefit of their peoples. The Joint Ministerial Committees, where Ministers of all four nations meet, can allow co-operation in areas of mutual interest, such as those which are decided by Westminster alone but which impact upon all four nations. The British-Irish Council should develop further to improve relationships and co-operation between the countries of these islands, regardless of their constitutional status, with a roving EU-type presidency between them and formal structures for better co-operation on shared assets and developing the Common Travel Area. Working for Jobs A Growing Economy We want to free Welsh industry and enterprise to thrive and play their part in getting Wales working again. We want to create the conditions for a thriving economy, to build the fair and prosperous society we know we can be. Plaid Cymru wants a successful economy for Wales, where everybody can maximise their potential. This will be a growing economy where everyone benefits - not just the richest 1%. Investment and planning will provide opportunities for everybody to have a well-paid job and a good work-life balance. As the economy improves, Plaid Cymru believes that everyone should benefit. Unlike the Westminster parties, we do not support the continuation of ‘austerity’ policies - the cuts that have had such a detrimental effect on our way of life and hit the poorest in our society the hardest. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has consistently opposed the austerity cuts forced through the UK Parliament by the major UK parties because they lead to severe cuts in funding for Wales. Recognising the failure of UK economic policy, we published our plans for an Economic Fairness Bill to level up wealth across the UK, in both geographical and individual terms. Our ‘Plan C for Cymru’ economic plan, published in 2012, sets out how Wales can improve its economy using the economic powers we currently have - but the current Welsh Government are failing to use successfully. Our Budget deal in 2012 helped secure £40m of finance for thousands of new apprenticeships across Wales, training people for skilled jobs. Plaid Cymru has successfully secured funding for important projects such as the Menai Science Park which will grow the Welsh economy and create new jobs. Economic Fairness B So that wealth is shared out more fairly within the UK, and to ensure that Wales receives its fair share of public investment, Plaid Cymru will introduce an Economic Fairness Bill to rebalance the wealth of the UK. This means that the UK Government would have to always assess the impact upon Wales of its economic plans before they’re put in place. We will create 50,000 jobs in Wales by giving more Welsh public sector contracts to companies working in Wales, so that our economy benefits more from the £4.3bn spent by the Welsh public sector each year. Helping Welsh businesses grow By increasing business rates relief in Wales, more than 83,000 small and medium sized businesses will be helped and 70,000 businesses will pay no business rates at all. Plaid Cymru will create a Welsh Development Bank whose primary role would be to ensure adequate credit lines for Welsh businesses to maintain businesses and support expansion to create additional jobs within Wales. To support Welsh exports across the world and grow new markets in Europe and developing countries, Plaid Cymru will develop an Overseas Trade Initiative to better support Welsh exports across the world, growing new markets in Europe and in developing countries. More support for town centres Welsh town centres are the heart of communities, generating local wealth and bringing people together but they need more support. Plaid Cymru encourages people to shop local. We will improve Welsh town centres by attracting people back to the highstreet, improving public transport and bringing back essential local services, such as medical centres, to town centres. Green New Deal Plaid Cymru will set up a Green Skills College to develop the skills needed to make our economy more environmentally-friendly whilst creating research and development and manufacturing jobs to meet this need through a ‘Green New Deal’ for householders and business. We will support and encourage Welsh businesses to use energy and natural resources efficiently. Research, Development and Manufacturing A new manufacturing strategy for Wales will be developed, taking advantage of the existing skills in our communities and universities to create skilled and high-value jobs through research, development and manufacturing. More Investment Investment projects in Wales must be better facilitated and managed. Plaid Cymru will give the Welsh Government the powers to guarantee major investment projects for Wales to give security that they will be carried out, with appropriate scrutiny of this investment to ensure it is well spent. We support the Welsh Government having sufficient borrowing powers to invest in Welsh infrastructure projects and will increase those contained in the Wales Act. We will commit 1% extra of UK GDP to infrastructure investment each year. This would secure £800m to invest in Welsh infrastructure projects each year. Plaid Cymru will also introduce our ‘Build 4 Wales’ programme to borrow funding for Welsh infrastructure projects and create a centre that specializes in major infrastructure project management. Keeping jobs in Wales Plaid Cymru will encourage alternative company models to the limited company/plc model, and will consider the benefits of establishing a Welsh Institute of Employee Ownership to encourage the creation of companies which are owned or controlled by employees. Working for JobsGetting Wales Working Our workers should be given a decent day’s pay for an honest day’s work. It is unacceptable that 25% of workers in Wales are paid less than a Living Wage. If you work a forty hour week, you should earn enough to live on. That is why in this election we are committed to getting a living wage for all by 2020 - a pay rise for 250,000 Welsh employees. We want Wales to be a beacon of economic fairness. Plaid Cymru wants to get more people in Wales into work, with better pay and conditions. We will improve work opportunities for all - helping people get higher paid jobs, guaranteeing help to young people going to work for the first time and those who currently find it difficult to get a job. A Living Wage Plaid Cymru will increase the minimum wage to be the same level as the Living Wage over the next Parliament. This will ensure a pay rise for more Welsh workers by 2020, and could create new jobs in Wales through increased spending in local communities. We will ensure that more companies alleged to pay below the minimum wage will be investigated and prosecuted. We want to end exploitative zero hours contracts that tie workers to a company while not giving them a guaranteed weekly income. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has opposed plans to cut workers’ rights that would make it easier for bad bosses to fire staff. Plaid Cymru tabled amendments in the National Assembly for Wales to ban the use of zero-hours contracts in healthcare and in agricultural work. These were defeated by the Welsh Government. We have fought against cuts in the public sector, recognising that these provide high quality and well-paid jobs in otherwise economically challenged parts of Wales. While recognising the value of any work during difficult economic times, Plaid Cymru has highlighted the need for better paid jobs and a strong private sector so as to avoid under-employment. Helping people find work One of the biggest challenges we currently face in Wales is getting people back into work. Plaid Cymru disagrees with the Westminster parties who say that people are to blame for the situation in which they find themselves and we reject the privatisation of schemes to help people into work. To help reduce unemployment, we will help people who have the most difficulty finding work, including those with a disability and who have limited skills and qualifications, to find a suitable job. This will be achieved by dealing with people fairly and by focusing on what individuals can achieve on a day to day basis without the threat of sanctions. Plaid Cymru will tailor job search and creation services to the needs of Wales by giving the job-search functions of Job Centre Plus to the Welsh Government. As the WelshGovernment has responsibility for education, training and skills and the performance of the Welsh economy, it makes sense to integrate these with job-search functions. We support the European Union’s Youth Jobs Guarantee that will provide training or employment to any young person under 25 who is out of work for more than four months, tackling youth unemployment at its root by supporting young people to find and take up work experience and earn new qualifications. Plaid Cymru will provide tax relief for self-employed workers undertaking training and investigate the creation of a Welsh based training agency, specializing in training the self-employed. Fairness in the workplace Supervisory boards of major companies who employ more than 500 staff will include elected employees, to ensure scrutiny of the management in the interests of the company as a whole, building on established practices in industrially successful countries such as Germany. A ‘fair pay’ scheme will be introduced to link the pay of everybody within a company, to prevent spiraling executive pay whilst other staff receive no pay rise, following a commission to determine the most appropriate level of comparable renumeration. Plaid Cymru will create an Independent Commission to consider industrial relations policy and will legislate against ‘blacklisting’. We will review the current levels of Employment Tribunal Fees implemented by the UK Government, whose high costs prevent workers from getting access to justice. Working for JobsFinance and Taxation ^ Plaid Cymru is committed to a genuine Wales-wide recovery driven by well-paid, high-skilled jobs. Our policy to pledge an extra 1% of UK GDP to infrastructure investment would secure £800m to fund Welsh roads, railways, schools and hospitals. Plaid Cymru believes that everybody should pay a fair share of tax so that we in Wales can all share excellent, world-class public services. That means that those who earn most - as individuals or as companies - must make a fair contribution, just like those who earn lower incomes. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has always challenged the fairness of the Barnett Formula, which the independent Holtham Commission agreed has under-funded Wales by hundreds of millions of pounds each year. Plaid Cymru supports Wales taking greater responsibility for raising and spending major taxes. We tabled amendments to the Wales Act that would put income tax powers in the hands of the Welsh Government if a super-majority of the National Assembly of Wales supported this, without the need for a wasteful and technical referendum. Plaid Cymru MPs voted against the reduction in the additional rate of income tax from 50p to 45p in the 2012 Budget debate - unlike Labour MPs who went home early. A better deal for Wales We will demand that Wales is funded to the same level per head as Scotland, helping us to provide quality public services and invest in our economy. To ensure Wales gets a fair deal, Plaid Cymru would create an Independent Commission to resolve funding disputes on the funding and finance of Wales. Under the current system, Plaid Cymru will improve the resources available to the Devolved Countries Unit so that it can properly deal with issues relating to funding for Wales. Plaid Cymru believes that Wales should have the same taxation powers at the Scotland. Fair taxation The UK additional tax rate will be set at 50p in the pound for those earning more than £150,000 per year. To help lower paid workers, we will raise the personal allowance threshold at which National Insurance Contributions are paid, with the aim of making this the same threshold for paying income tax, over the term of the Parliament. We would increase the Upper Earnings Limit on National Insurance Contributions to £100,000 per year. We will end the unfair 40% plus pensions relief subsidy for higher rate tax payers. We will double the bankers’ levy. The cost of tax avoidance and evasion is estimated at £120bn per year across the UK, according to the Tax Justice Network. HMRC need more staff to crack down on corporate tax avoidance and income tax evasion, and close this ‘tax gap’. Plaid Cymru would reverse the 25% cut in staff started by the last Labour UK Government. Plaid Cymru will transfer control over Corporation Tax to Wales. Supporting Wales Plaid Cymru will create a fuel duty regulator to prevent sudden spikes in fuel prices, helping households and businesses to manage their bills. To improve the Welsh housing stock, support the Welsh construction industry and reduce energy bills, we will reduce VAT to 5% on certified housing renovations. We will support the tourism industry in Wales by reducing VAT to make holidays ‘at home’ more affordable and attract foreign tourists, creating up to 7,000 jobs. Working for Jobs Financial Powers “The cuts being forced on Wales because of the financial crash are a reminder that when banks and big business fail, it is the rest of us that pick up the tab. Plaid Cymru believes that Wales should have a voice at every level of decision-making which influences Welsh life, especially those that impact on people’s jobs and livelihoods. It is vital that UK monetary policy works for Wales.* * We believe that decisions over our money should be made in Wales, on behalf of the people that they affect. It wasn’t the people of Wales who caused the banking crisis and the recession. This is how we’ll make sure that it won’t happen again. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has made the case for Bank of England recognition of the Welsh economy when formulating monetary policy. Our MPs tabled a motion in Parliament calling for reform of the Bank of England to better reflect the requirements of Wales and the devolved nations. We developed proposals for a business development bank for Wales, putting forward the case for such a bank that lends to and develops small businesses and local industry. Accountable to Wales Plaid Cymru supports the introduction of a Welsh Treasury, with a Green Book to ensure sustainable development. The Bank of England will be renamed the Sterling Central Bank to reflect its responsibility to all countries which use sterling as a currency. The Monetary Policy and Financial Policy Committees will include Welsh representation, nominated by the Welsh Government. The Governor will also have a statutory requirement to attend National Assembly for Wales scrutiny meetings to explain how decisions taken will affect or have affected the economy and people of Wales. The Bank will be made responsible for considering the needs of the whole, wider economy, including regionally-balanced economic growth, unemployment and inflation amongst indicators. Broader representation on Bank committees will ensure that interest rate decisions are reflective of the Sterling-zone economy as a whole, not just the City of London and south-east of England. Better controls We want to see a full separation of investment and retail banks so that investors’ deposits are not used for speculation unless instructed. We will strengthen tax antiavoidance legislation to make it harder for companies, individuals and other organisations to avoid paying their rightful amount. We will introduce a Financial Transaction Tax on financial transactions and legislation similar to the Communities Reinvestment Act in the USA to ensure that appropriate credit is available to individuals and businesses, wherever they are based. Financial powers in Wales Our ‘Build 4 Wales’ scheme will allow additional infrastructure spending opportunities for the Welsh Government, creating up to 50,000 jobs and developing a centre of excellence for infrastructure procurement and delivery within Wales. We will continue to oppose the public sector use of Private Finance Initiatives that have proved to be such poor value for money for the taxpayer, and will try to re-negotiate a better deal from PFI contracts that are not providing a good deal and are setting back attempts to improve the Welsh economy. To help provide answers to the challenges facing the Welsh economy, we will further investigate the benefits of creating a Public Bank in Wales that can invest in Wales’ infrastructure needs and ensure more information on the Welsh economy, including an accurate figure for Welsh GDP, is published regularly. Working for Better Healthcare “Wales is the birthplace of the NHS and we are rightly proud of that contribution. The NHS in Wales today is one in need of renewed leadership. Plaid Cymru wants the Welsh NHS to be at its best, for staff and for patients. Healthcare affects us all, old and young. That’s why we want the best care to meet everybody’s needs.Plaid Cymru’s ambition is for a genuinely world class Welsh National Health Service. To achieve this we need to train and recruit more doctors, nurses and other health workers and to invest more in our hospitals and ambulances. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has consistently opposed the removal of crucial life saving services from local hospitals due to staff shortages. In January 2014 we outlined our proposals to train and recruit an extra 1000 doctors in order to safeguard the future of our NHS in all parts of Wales. Plaid Cymru has led the debate on strengthening community based healthcare services to keep chronically ill people out of hospital. In October 2013 we worked to secure an extra £50 million investment from the Welsh Government in specialist services to help prevent chronically ill people needing to attend Accident and Emergency. We have outlined proposals for the integration of health and social care, to ensure that our community health services are based on the needs of the patients rather than the organisation. No Privatisation The NHS was created to preserve the health of the people. The NHS should not be subject to the principles of a free market. There is no place for profiteering in our health service. Plaid Cymru rejects the marketisation and privatisation of the NHS and will oppose any moves in that direction from governments in Westminster and Wales, particularly if it affects the funding of the NHS in Wales. We strongly oppose the inclusion of the NHS within the EU-US free trade deal, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. Improving staffing Currently, Wales has fewer doctors per head than almost every other country in the European Union and fewer than any other country in the UK. To allow us to cut waiting times for hospital operations and help patients can get faster GP appointments at convenient times, Plaid Cymru will train and recruit1,000 additional doctors to work in the Welsh NHS, increasing our doctors per head of population to the UK average. A national workforce plan will be developed to ensure that there are sufficient healthcare staff in all parts of Wales. We will increase the number of district and community nurses to support people outside of hospital. We will focus on providing training here in Wales for more doctors, paramedics, nurses and other professional healthcare workers, so that they can contribute to the Welsh NHS and ensure safer staffing levels. This will include a focus on ensuring sufficient Welsh speaking healthcare professionals and social workers to meet the needs of a bilingual society. So that more ambulances are available for dispatch and able to release patients into A&E without undue delays, we will increase resources for ambulances and staffing and ensure that there is sufficient emergency care available, including advanced practitioners such as nurses and paramedics, to treat people at the scene. Health services where you need them We want to make sure that people can receive healthcare and support from the NHS in their own home or community. This includes protecting and promoting the district nursing service, and developing specialist services as required for people with particular needs such as children, older people and those in need of palliative care. Plaid Cymru will provide funding to assist the independent Air Ambulance Service, which is more necessary than ever following hospital reorganisation in Wales, particularly in rural areas. We will ensure that everybody will have the same access to an NHS dentist wherever they live in Wales, which will allow everybody to benefit from the same level of preventative care. We will implement a National Cancer Plan so that all patients are able to receive the best possiblecare, regardless of where they live. We will prioritise early diagnosis through tackling unacceptably long waiting times for diagnostic tests, so that patients have the best chance of recovery. Plaid Cymru will also work to ensure that all cancer patients have access to a specialist cancer nurse so that they are supported throughout treatment and beyond, including providing clinical advice and support with important practical issues such as finance and employment. Quality of Care Whether a person needs home care, residential, nursing or NHS nursing care should be a matter that is decided on the basis of an individual’s need, not on organisational convenience. By integrating health and social care we will ensure that the focus is always on the needs of the patient, by removing un-necessary paperwork and ensuring cooperation between organisations. Plaid Cymru will work towards a paperless NHS that will save money and bureaucracy so that, within confidentiality rules, appropriate healthcare professionals can access records wherever in Wales you are being treated. We will support all measures to improve dignity in care and in hospitals, working to ensure that there is sufficient time to care for you wherever you are treated. Anyone who raises concerns about healthcare standards will be supported and we will ensure that those responsible, whether bosses or workers, are held to account if there are failures. We will ensure a rigorous and independent Healthcare Inspectorate Wales that will safeguard all individuals who receive care in Welsh hospitals, as well as supporting CSSIW, so that improvements are introduced promptly. Plaid Cymru proposes a Medical Accountability Bill, including a duty of candour, so that healthcare professionals are legally bound to tell the truth to the patient and their family. All NHS buildings will be required to be energy efficient to cut waste and ensure more money for patient care. Access to medicines and technology Plaid Cymru will keep free prescriptions in Wales. We will introduce a New Medicines and Treatments Fund for treatments not ordinarily available for patients on the NHS, with decisions applying nationally across Wales. Improving IT in healthcare could help save lives. That’s why we support the development of eHealth and Telemedicine, to increase quality and speed of patient care, and pushed for this in our 2013 Budget agreement. Our clinical staff and medical researchers need the most comprehensive and up-to-date evidence-based information and Plaid Cymru supports the All Trials campaign for publication of all clinical trials. We will also work to ensure that Wales improves its share of health research funding, attracting quality researchers to Wales. Mental Health So that people with mental health conditions get more help with diagnosis, treatment and advice, we shall work to raise awareness of mental health issues in the workplace and across society. Plaid Cymru will increase access to talking therapies, as well as funding support for eating disorders, and drug and alcohol treatment. We will also increase resources for mental health services for young people in Wales. Public Health Sport and physical activity not only contribute to people’s wellbeing and happiness - they lengthen and improve lives, and they are good for our country in terms of having a fit workforce and less of a burden on health services. We will make it easier for people to accesswellbeing facilities and to get active to prevent health problems. To help reduce sugar intake, reduce obesity and combat associated health problems such as diabetes, Plaid Cymru supports a tax on sugary drinks and will work with manufacturers to reduce sugar in food and drink. We support the introduction of plain packaging on tobacco products and other measures to stop addiction to smoking. We will introduce better regulation, including stricter marketing rules, on e-cigarettes. We will introduce a 50p minimum price per unit on alcohol sales. This will tackle the crime and health problems which result from cheap but highly intoxicating drinks and will reduce violent, drunken behaviour. Working for our Children’s FutureEducation “Our greatest asset, like all countries, is our people. How and what we invest in our young people in particular will have a bearing on our prospects for decades.5 5 We want to see Wales reclaim its name as a beacon of educational excellence. Plaid Cymru wants all of our children and young people to reach their full potential. We will ensure high standards of teaching, the latest equipment and the best possible outcomes for each and every child. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales To ensure that no child is left behind, we doubled the funding per pupil of the Pupil Deprivation Grant in 2014. We now want to ensure that this funding is most effectively used to support children from deprived backgrounds reach their full potential. Plaid Cymru opposed the school banding system from the start as it created league tables under another name. Our opposition led to the Welsh Government abandoning plans to introduce these for primary schools and eventually scrapped banding for secondary schools. As part of the One Wales Government, we introduced the Welsh Medium Education Strategy under which local authorities have to measure demand for Welsh-medium education. The Strategy also sets targets for increasing provision of Welsh-medium education. The obligation on local authorities to measure demand is now statutory under the Schools Standards and Organisation Act. We oppose the truancy tax - fixed penalty notices of up to £150 imposed on parents of children absent from school without authorization. Improved communication between schools and families is an effective way of dealing with absence from school without penalising often vulnerable families. We secured agreement from the Welsh Government for a review after a year of the truancy tax. Supporting Success in Education We will provide an additional year of schooling to our youngest children, with qualified educational staff providing classes for 3-4 year olds. We will give our teachers and classroom assistants the time to teach so that they can focus on ensuring the development of core skills in schools. By working with teaching unions and staff, we will reduce red tape and bureaucracy so that head-teachers can lead their schools and more time is spent teaching children, rather than doing paperwork. We will improve the quality of teacher in-service training and ensure teachers in all parts of Wales have access to best practice. We will transfer powers over teachers’ pay and conditions to the National Assembly for Wales, as recommended by the Silk Commission. No child left behind We will set the learning outcomes to be achieved by schools, ensuring the best possible English, Welsh and Mathematics GCSE results, but will allow schools themselves to determine how to achieve those outcomes. Those schools which achieve the required standards will be allowed to develop as they see fit, but less successful schools will get additional support to ensure that no child is left behind. Successful schools will have fewer school inspections but we will introduce ‘on the spot’ inspections for those which are not reaching their potential. A single consistent framework will be introduced for assessingchildren’s progress throughout their school career so every child can reach their full potential. We will create an independent examination regulator to restore faith in the Welsh examination system. To better protect our most vulnerable children, we will review the effectiveness of child protection provision to make sure that schools and social services co-operate efficiently. Plaid Cymru would remove the reasonable punishment defence, giving children equal protection under the law and preventing smacking. All children and young people should receive a comprehensive programme of healthy relationships education. Values of equality, tolerance and respect should be embedded in everything schools do to tackle sexist, racist, homophobic and other discriminatory bullying. Curriculum and Qualifications A new National Curriculum will ensure that all children leave education with a positive understanding of the history of Wales and the cultures of their communities. Schools will ensure that young people develop key skills, including literacy, numeracy, IT skills and thinking skills, and an understanding of climate change and the environment. It is vital that our children understand the technology that surrounds them, through coding and advanced computer technology development lessons, such as the Raspberry Pi device. To counter the growing deficit in language skills, Plaid Cymru will ensure that modern foreign languages are taught from an early age, and introduce a compulsory modern language GCSE so that our pupils can compete in a global economy. Plaid Cymru wants all young people to stay in education or training to 18, so that they can get the right skills for employment or higher education. Funding We recognise the impact poverty has on a child’s education and success in later life, and the effect on the wider economy. We will therefore continue to ensure disadvantaged pupils are helped to reach their full potential, as we have done by supporting the Pupil Deprivation Grant, and by further supporting schools to ensure effective early intervention. Plaid Cymru will support methods which will help children to overcome the challenges that a disadvantaged position may present. All local authorities will be required to have an accurate and up-to- date Welsh Education Strategic Plan to meet the call for Welsh language education in their county and adequate funding will be provided within local education authorities and consortia for these to be delivered, including the requirements for new schools, staff and other resources where needed. Provision for children with special educational needs will be reviewed to ensure resources are used in the most effective way. Plaid Cymru will put in place a programme to develop new and modern schools to replace unsuitable school buildings We will ensure that schools co-operate and learn from each other’s best practices and allocate funding so that this can be planned. Plaid Cymru will continue to oppose the ‘free school’ model of education promoted in England and will not follow this model in Wales. Working for our Children’s FutureHigher Education, Training and Skills Our vision is to equip all our young people with the highest level of skills possible, whether in Further Education or Higher Education. This will be done by providing an education setting for all young people up to the age of 18. For Wales to be at its best, we need a world class education system that provides our people with the skills required for well-paid, high skilled jobs. Plaid Cymru wants to get more people in Wales into work, with better pay and conditions. We will improve work opportunities for all - helping people get higher paid jobs, guaranteeing support for young people going to work for the first time and those who currently find it difficult to get a job. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru AMs secured funding to create thousands of new apprenticeships across Wales from 2013 onwards, and a deal for the Menai Science Park in North Wales, showing how we value both academic and vocational education. As part of the One Wales Government, we secured funding for the Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol - the first plan for a national Welsh language higher education, training new researchers and lecturers and offering Welsh language higher education courses. We opposed the rise in tuition fees at Westminster to £9,000 per year for undergraduate courses. In government, we supported a policy of subsidising Welsh students so that they wouldn’t be penalised by the changes at Westminster. We called for a cross-party consensus to ensure that student fees are sustainable in the long-term and meet the needs of Welsh Higher Education Institutions, and welcome the formation of the cross-party Diamond Review. Student Fees Plaid Cymru believes that, in principle, higher education should be free for all, and we will continue to work towards this aim. We will provide a subsidy to students resident in Wales who wish to study in Wales. Target groups and those studying subjects vital to the Welsh economy and public goals will pay no tuition fees in Wales, including those taking up key healthcare posts, studying science, engineering and technology subjects and students from particularly challenging backgrounds. Supporting our Universities Our Higher Education Institutions play an important role in the national and local economies in attracting research investment, qualified staff and students to their localities. Welsh universities are currently under-funded. We will work with our universities to increase research capacity and funding, particularly ensuring that Welsh universities get a fair share of UK-based research funding and to get the best investment from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 funding. We will use this to enable our universities to work more closely with industry, promoting research and development related to universities, such as at the Menai Science Park that is being developed as a result of our 2012 Budget deal. We will provide long-term sustainable funding for the Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol, ensuring greater availability of higher education in Welsh, subject to successful evaluation. Developing Further Education Further Education Colleges play an important role in providing education and training for young people aged 16 years and over, and we will work with colleges to ensure that the sector continues to offer excellent education and training to widen participation, tackle social exclusion and stimulate economic regeneration. We will continue to promote apprenticeships, particularly Higher Level Apprenticeships, as agreed in our 2012 Welsh Budget deal, and in-work learning courses. Plaid Cymru values vocational and non-academic qualifications and we will continue to promote them through our Further Education sector, providing appropriate funding for training and courses in order to increase skills amongst our workforce, including adult community learning. We will introduce a Citizens’ Service, focusing on skills and learning, so that young people are ready for the world of work. Using the model of the Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol in Higher Education, Plaid Cymru will increase the provision of Welsh language courses and tutors in Further Education across Wales, ensuring that vocational subjects are equally available to Welsh speakers in the 14-19 Learning Pathways. We want both our young women and our young men to be equally successful in their further education, and we will therefore ensure that training for providers of educational, training and careers services includes an improved understanding of the effect of gender on learning and how this can be tackled. Working for a Fairer WalesHelping our People Over £1 billion in welfare payments has been taken out of the Welsh economy since the beginning of the Tories’ cruel assault on vulnerable people in 2010. That’s money taken from the pockets of people trying to make ends meet. But it’s also had a knock on effect on local businesses and communities more generally. Plaid Cymru says that we, the people, have already paid enough for the greed of the bankers. They got a bail out. Payback for the people is well overdue. Plaid Cymru believes in our people, and we want to give them the best chances in life. We will help people to stand on their own two feet and give them the tools to make a success of their own lives. Reducing the deficit must not be done by punishing the most vulnerable in society to pay for the mistakes of politicians and bankers. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru MPs voted against the Welfare Reform Bill that brought in many of the most oppressive measures targeted at the vulnerable such as the ‘Bedroom Tax.’ Plaid Cymru led the opposition in Parliament to the ‘Bedroom Tax’ by forcing a debate and vote. Our MPs voted against the real terms cut to all working age benefits that the Government brought forward to limit annual increases in benefits to below inflation at only 1%. We opposed the UK Government’s Welfare Spending Cap which could mean that individual and family benefits will be massively reduced irrespective of a potential economic downturn and a rapid rise in unemployment. We have published plans to devolve Job Centre Plus. Welfare Policy We will scrap the bedroom tax. The Universal Credit system should not be implemented until a fully independent and comprehensive review is carried out. If the Universal Credit is introduced, then Plaid Cymru support the provision of weekly, rather than monthly, payments, direct to individuals, rather than households, without requirement for internet access or IT skills. We are also concerned that the tax rates for Universal Credit act as a barrier to work, and we will change this. Plaid Cymru will prepare for the further devolution of welfare by developing a Welsh employment and benefits system that supports individuals to find suitable jobs. We will involve disabled people and groups that represent the interests of disabled people in designing and developing such a system. Plaid Cymru will work to remove the need for food banks, whilst supporting the good that they carry out in the face of economic pressures placed upon people from government. Plaid Cymru will ensure an independent review on the use of benefit sanctions to ensure a humane and effective social security system. Helping people into work Plaid Cymru’s proposals for a Welsh JobCentre Plus system will put the focus upon helping people into work rather than punishing them for disadvantages that they face. With an increase in in-work poverty, child poverty will be best tackled through better-paid and full-time work rather than simply finding a job. We will also investigate how tax credits can be better used to reduce child poverty. A fair deal for pensioners Plaid Cymru will stand up for the needs of pensioners. To bring about an end to pensioner poverty, we would ensure that the new single-tier pension is a Living Pension for all, set at least at the rate of Pension Credit, and support moves to allow early access to pensions. We have opposed increases in the state pension age and have grave concerns about the increase in the retirement age for frontline services. We will investigate flexible pension access rights for self-employed workers so that they can save for a pension without sacrificing liquidity. Tackling Fuel Poverty High energy bills are hitting many people hard. Plaid Cymru will ensure that Winter Fuel Allowance is paid to off-grid households during the summer so that they can get better value for money. We will continue to press our ‘Get on the Grid’ Campaign to increase the numbers of people on the national grid, regulate off-grid prices and support community bulk energy purchasing to lower bills. We will ensure that cold-winter payments are based on accurate local temperatures. Penalties for using pre-payment meters for energy bills will be removed to help those on lower or fixed incomes. We will also start a new ‘Claim It’ campaign so that everybody entitled to their benefits claims them, working alongside the Citizens Advice Bureau, Local Authorities and the third sector to promote this. Financial Inclusion We have long supported a credit cap on payday lenders to prevent a vicious circle of lending that cannot be repaid. We will closely monitor the effects of new legislation upon the market. We will investigate a windfall tax on payday lenders that can be used to promote credit unions and responsible lending. By teaching people of all ages about dealing with money, we hope that future generations will be better prepared to deal with their financial situation, so people will depend less on unnecessary debt. Working for a Fairer Wales Housing “Plaid Cymru wants to see more housing being available to bring down the costs of rents and house prices in the medium term. This must be based on communities’ current and future need. New housing must be designed around where people want to live, and providing spaces people want to live in - supporting the sustainability of existing communities. The quality of people’s housing affects their health and well-being. Everybody needs a home, and we will make sure Wales can provide suitable housing for everybody, whatever their age or income. Fairer Planning We will reform planning in Wales to put local need and benefit, sustainability and impact on the Welsh language at the heart of a new planning system. New Housing We will implement rent controls to ensure affordability of rental housing. We will look at how savings from housing benefit and additional borrowing powers could be used to support the building of social or council housing which will help local authorities or housing associations to maintain and improve their housing stock in future. Plaid Cymru has successfully argued that, rather than allowing £70m per year of Welsh council housing rents to be paid to the Treasury in London, local authorities who control their own housing stock will be able to invest in them and build new council owned housing. We will ensure the Housing Revenue Account Subsidy System works for the benefit of Welsh local authorities who have retained their social housing stock and continue to support local procurement for housing, using the i2i toolkit to ensure greatest local economic and social benefit. Plaid Cymru’s ‘Build 4 Wales’ infrastructure programme will be used to further assist local authorities or registered social landlords to build new houses across Wales, based on local need. We shall establish ownership of existing buildings, including empty houses, disused warehouses and offices and seek to convert them into housing or other useful spaces to meet local need. Helping Buyers and Tenants We will extend the HomeBuy scheme to allow first time buyers to get on the property ladder and help people to buy houses in their town or village. We will look at the Scottish and Canadian house buying models where legal fees are paid by the person withdrawing from a housing deal, not the purchaser. We support the introduction of higher council tax charges for second homes up to 200%, particularly where the purchase of second homes is affecting the market and making it harder for local people to get on the propertyladder. We will help reduce people’s fuel bills by retro-fitting houses as part of a Green New Deal and help private homeowners with a reduction in VAT on certified house repairs. We will strengthen tenants’ rights by ensuring that the Housing Act provisions reform tenancies and we will ensure landlord regulations provide a fair service to tenants and landlords. We will establish a reasonable minimum tenancy length. This will be twelve months for those housed into the Private Rented Sector following homelessness. Following our introduction of the Intermediate Care Fund in the 2013 Budget, Plaid Cymru will continue to promote adapted housing that allows residents to choose to stay in their own homes or specially-built accommodation, rather than move into care. We will continue to promote Extra-Care housing and will work closely with local authorities to ensure that Disabled Facilities Grants and Care and Repair adaptations are implemented efficiently and that housing stock is well maintained. Plaid Cymru will adopt a preventative approach to tackling homelessness, prioritising early intervention. This will enable us to phase out priority need and intentionality within the support system so that all people can be helped. Working for a Safer WalesCrime and Justice Now that Wales makes its own laws, there is an obvious need for aWelsh legal jurisdiction to reflect this, and this should be introduced quickly, followed by Welsh policing and criminal justice powers. We believe justice is best administered locally.** Plaid Cymru wants a safer Wales. We will give strong rights to victims of crime, while tackling the causes of crime to reduce it all across Wales. To achieve this, decisions about policing and criminal justice need to be made in Wales so that we can set our own priorities for keeping our streets safe. Devolved criminal justice would allow us to provide more appropriate sentencing, including diverting young people and those with mental health problems towards alternatives to custody. We will devolve all powers over Criminal Justice to the Welsh Government. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru MP Elfyn Llwyd has shown how Plaid Cymru can influence UK Government policy, having successfully fought for new laws to protect women from stalking and domestic violence, in the Protection of Freedom Act in 2012 and this year’s Serious Crime Act. We have consistently called for the devolution of criminal justice powers to Wales, arguing for a Welsh way of justice and policing that focuses on prevention of crime. Plaid Cymru has opposed the closure of magistrates courts, the privatisation of the probation service and cuts to legal aid services - all of which restrict people’s right to fair justice. Elfyn Llwyd MP has chaired the Justice Unions’ Parliamentary Group throughout the 2010-2015 UK Parliament, and has beenVice-Chair of the Justice Select Committee. Crime Prevention Our justice policy will focus on prevention, using restorative justice and rehabilitation through probation rather than only offer ineffective short-term sentences that have been proven not to prevent reoffending. We will also tackle mental health issues amongst prisoners in order to prevent future criminal behaviour. Supporting Victims’ Rights We will introduce a Victims’ Rights Bill and train all professionals in the criminal justice system so victims of crime cannot be ignored or forgotten. We welcome stronger legislation to tackle domestic abuse, giving police and courts the power to tackle all forms of abuse, which can include coercive and controlling behaviour as well as violence. We will reverse Legal Aid reforms to allow fair access to justice and will monitor its implementation. Prison There is a lack of appropriate prison facilities for women prisoners in Wales and limited facilities for young offenders. We will identify suitable sites and funding to put this right. We will ensure that women in prison are treated fairly. Plaid Cymru opposes the development of a privately built and run ‘super-prison’ at Wrexham, which does not meet the needs of North Wales. We will help prisoners to develop reading and literacy skills to help them find a job away from a life of crime. Substance Use Problems and deaths from substances are more prevalent in Wales than other parts of the UK. Plaid Cymru wants to reduce problematic substance use and substance related deaths by investing in a long term substance use strategy which focuses on harm reduction though a wider range of services and education programmes that treat problematic substance users as patients rather than criminals. ‘Legal highs have outdated the Misuse of Drugs Act. The Party Of Wales supports an impact assessment on the Misuse of Drugs Act to review its effectiveness in dealing with today’s substance related problems. We support the decriminalisation of cannabis. The resources used policing the illegality of cannabis should be diverted into education and information programmes which aim to keep people safe from harm. More effective probation and policing Plaid Cymru has consistently opposed the privatisation of the probation service. We will look to bring the Welsh probation service back into public control to ensure the best results for our communities. The profit motive has no place in the Criminal Justice System. We will scrap the role of Police and Crime Commissioners and transfer police oversight to the Welsh Government, with effective scrutiny from elected AMs. We will continue to support intelligence-led cross-border crime- fighting initiatives across the British Isles, Europe and worldwide, with a particular emphasis on preventing terrorism and ending human trafficking. We will stop undercover agents from forming relationships as part of their double-agent work, causing devastation to those duped and undermining confidence in the security services. Justice and the Courts We will introduce Welsh legal jurisdiction to codify our own laws. This will make clear the growing body of legislation that applies only to Wales. We support the Human Rights Act and the European Convention on Human Rights, and will oppose any moves by a UK Government to withdraw from those. Following the large cuts to the number of magistrates’ courts in Wales, we will allow for hearings to be held in alternative locations such as council chambers and other public buildings, where this is safe and appropriate. We will create ex-servicemen’s courts to better recognise the particular problems faced by former members of the armed forces. Working for WalesDefence “Trident is a £100 billion white elephant that would be better spent on providing public services and safeguarding jobs. Plaid Cymru believes that we should look after our armed forces and veterans by ensuring a peaceful and secure world, not by putting them unnecessarily in harm’s way. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has consistently demanded the end of expensive nuclear weapons that can never be used. We have called for a Veterans’ Cabinet Member to engage on behalf of veterans, tens of thousands of whom are from Wales to ensure that veterans are fully supported. As far back as 2010, Plaid Cymru published a paper outlining how veterans have been forgotten by the British state, setting out how we can better support veterans back into civilian life and help them later in their lives. As a member of the Nutting Inquiry, Elfyn Llwyd MP investigated the issue of veterans in prison, something that he frequently raised in the House of Commons, working with prisons officers’ union, NAPO. Plaid Cymru’s amendments to the 2011 Armed Forces Act included proposals to legislate for the Military Covenant, the previously unwritten agreement that the British state would look after veterans when they return home. Trident We oppose the wasteful and unnecessary replacement of Trident that is anticipated to cost in excess of £100bn in its lifetime but can never be used in conventional warfare. We also oppose the relocation of nuclear weapons to Welsh waters, as suggested by Labour’s leader in Wales’. Our Armed Forces We will look at basing Welsh army units in Wales in order to improve relationships with the local community and help soldiers’ families. Looking after our Veterans Plaid Cymru have made a vow to our veterans, pledging to work in their best interests. We will provide improved aftercare and wellbeing for military personnel after leaving the forces, including legal advice, healthcare and counselling support by reinforcing the Military Covenant through a Military Well-Being Act. We support the introduction of a Minister for Veterans in the UK Cabinet in co-operation with a nominated person in devolved administrations. We will help reduce problems with alcohol amongst soldiers and recent veterans by supporting an alcohol dependence strategy. We want to see further research into effective treatment of Gulf War veterans and the sharing of research developments and we will ensure that veterans receive appropriate and specialist mental health care. We support the introduction of a Welsh red poppy to honour our veterans, just as there is a Scottish poppy. We support a Welsh Peace Institute to research, advise and inform policy makers on the consequences of their decisions and to promote conflict resolution. We want to see an EU civilian peace corps to work in areas of potential conflict, building trust and preventing violence. Proposed military intervention, by the UK Government or any other organisation representing the Welsh people, should be agreed by the representative Parliament, with the assent of the National Assembly for Wales and be legal according to UN convention. Tackling Extremism Plaid Cymru will work across our communities, whatever their backgrounds, to promote a Welsh civic identity. Our Welsh civic identity is inclusive, offered to anybody who chooses to make Wales their home. This will be promoted through schools, by faith and community organisations, encouraging everybody in Wales to participate in our wider Welsh society, in contrast to the UK Government’s divisive and stigmatising proposals that blame particular groups. Cyber-Defence Increasing reliance upon technology leaves countries open to attack by foreign powers without the need for conventional weapons. We will bolster cybersecurity defence capabilities to increase security and prevent cyber-attacks. Woridng for Wales International Policy and Security “Plaid Cymru is committed unswervingly to human rights. We are an internationalist party. We want Wales to take its rightful place among the family of nations, in Britain, Europe and globally.55 Plaid Cymru supports the international right to selfdetermination and believes in improving our world through global equality and the ending of poverty. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru supports peaceful negotiations over destructive warfare and supports the rule of international law through the United Nations. We attempted to impeach Tony Blair over his illegal invasion of Iraq and are disgusted that the Chilcot Review has been delayed until after this election. Plaid Cymru has consistently called for an ending of the blockade on Gaza and for a two state solution for Israel and Palestine. Plaid Cymru has supported the rights of minorities in all parts of the world, including the Kurds, Tamils and in Western Sahara amongst others. Action on Human Rights There is no excuse for continued global inequality and injustice. We oppose illegal occupation and oppression, and support legal international action through the International Criminal Court against governments of any countries that commit human rights abuses. We want to see the full publication of the Chilcot Inquiry so that the public can see the unvarnished truth of how and why the UK participated in the illegal invasion of Iraq. Plaid Cymru opposed this illegal war at the time, with Plaid Cymru MP Adam Price attempting to impeach Tony Blair for his war crimes. We support the right of peoples across the world to selfdetermination and to make the decision for themselves to become an independent self- governing nation. Any voting process must comply with international standards. We support the Human Rights Act and will work with international organisations to ensure that LGBT rights are understood and implemented on a global scale. The importance of International Aid Failure to assist the developing world will only fuel resentment, violence and division. Countries must be helped to develop their own path out of poverty and we support legislation to underpin the 0.7% Gross National Product that should be provided in international aid. This funding must be stringently monitored by independent organizations to avoid misuse. We believe that goals must be set to reduce inequality at home and abroad. Following the Millennium Development Goals, strong post- 2015 goals must be set, which also recognise of the impacts of climate change upon poverty and the importance of sanitation. These goals must be respected by international organisations, including those outside the development sector, and business must play a role in meeting these goals. Wales will provide humanitarian aid to the best of our ability whenever required and accept displaced persons and refugees where possible and appropriate. International agreements on arm sales must be strengthened to restrict access to deadly weapons, particularly those intended for civil repression, and we want arms trade promotions with despotic countries ended. We will ensure international cooperation to prevent modern slavery, female genital mutilation (FGM), cyber-crime and other serious cross-national crimes. Working for Wales in Europe “Now more than ever we need European funding to support Wales’ economy and bring the jobs here that we need. Almost 200,000 jobs in Wales depend on the EU, that’s around 1 in 7 jobs, and trade between Wales and the EU is worth £5 billion. Plaid Cymru’s goal is for Wales to be an equal nation with all of the other full members of the European Union. Then we can make Wales a more prosperous nation. Plaid Cymru wants Wales to be an independent nation within the European Union. Wales benefits from our membership and we will not put hundreds of thousands of jobs in Wales at risk through leaving. Wales’ voice in Europe Plaid Cymru wants Wales to be an independent country, a member of the European Union with a seat at the United Nations. We believe that Wales should have a voice at the top table and be directly represented, rather than have the UK Government speak on our behalf - and often against our Welsh national interest. An independent Wales would have a seat at the EU Council, an EU Commissioner and an increased number of Members of the European Parliament representing Wales. If a referendum on the UK’s membership of the European Union is held, then there should be no withdrawal from the European Union if that is not supported in all four of the nations consulted. Plaid Cymru is opposed to the ‘repatriation’ of powers over regional funding to the UK. Funding for West Wales and the Valleys and other regional funding should continue to be passed directly to Wales for distribution, not to Westminster. We insist that any re-negotiation with the European Union over powers must not weaken Wales’ interests. Any re-negotiation must include the transfer of powers directly from Brussels to Cardiff and other devolved governments. We will continue to support the Common Agricultural Policy that supports Welsh farming. Reform Plaid Cymru is a pro-European party but we are critical of many aspects of the European Union and that is why a debate is needed about its future. We will work towards a ‘New Social Chapter’ reflecting the realities of the European Union after the economic recession and the need for Europe to support its population, not international neoliberal economic corporations who have no responsibility to people. We will push for the UK’s 2017 European Union Presidency to work in the best interests of Wales, including hosting a major international summit in Wales and shared discussions over priorities between the UK and devolved governments so that the Presidency period is in the Welsh national interest. We will continue to press for the closure of the un-necessary second European Parliament in Strasbourg that costs £120m per year to operate and uses 19,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide annually. We also continue to oppose the EU-US free trade agreement, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. We are concerned that it puts too much power into the hands of international corporations, threatens to weaken our democratic institutions and undermine hard-earned improvements in public services, intellectual property, food safety, health and environmental standards. We oppose any part of this deal that may lead to the privatisation of the NHS. Working for Wales Migration “Plaid Cymru’s mission - at all levels of government - is to further the Welsh national interest in an outward-looking spirit of solidarity and inclusivity. Ours is a civic nationalism that does not distinguish between creed or origin or religion, only between those who want to see Wales an international success story and those who want to hold us back. Plaid Cymru is a party for everybody who lives in Wales. We want to ensure the best quality of life for everybody here //- that means recruiting world-class experts and those who can help run our public services, as well as welcoming those who want to be part of our country. We will create a Welsh Migration Service to ensure that migration meets Welsh needs and introduce a skills shortage list of trades and skills which are not currently being met by Welsh workers and seek to attract internationals with those skills, including in the health service and in technology. We will re-introduce a poststudy work visa for two years for students who have qualified from Welsh universities so that they can use their skills to contribute to the Welsh economy and create further jobs in Wales. We will ensure that a Welsh voice is heard in the development of UK migration policy, through meeting regularly with the Migration Advice Committee to discuss Welsh needs. All integration services for refugees and other migrants in Wales All peoples new to Wales, whatever their country of origin, will have the opportunity to learn both Welsh and English and will be encouraged to participate in our society. We will make Wales a Country of Sanctuary, so that we take our fair share of displaced people, such as refugees from wars in Syria and Iraq, and ensure they are given a stable life and security. The Welsh Government should be allowed to determine Immigrant Sponsors in Wales so that those with a particular interest or relevance to Wales can be invited. We will protect local workers by strengthening the Gangmasters Licensing Act, making it illegal to offer unfair advantage or incentive to migrant workers over local workers. We will also work across the UK and European Union to prevent modern slavery and to support those subjected to such experiences. We will support an independent review of the Financial (Minimum Income) Threshold to ensure families with spouses from non- EU/EEA nations with stable and reasonable incomes are granted permission to immigrate to the UK, as supported by the Children’s Commissioner for Wales. Working to Connect Wales Transport “Lack of infrastructure investment dampens all efforts to boost our economy. If the people of Wales want improved services, quicker journeys and better-connected communities, they should back Plaid Cymru’s efforts to secure fair transport funding for our nation. Wales needs a 21st-century transport system. We will make it easier for people to travel to all parts of Wales - for work, for family and for leisure, and make it as affordable as possible. Improving public transport will reduce carbon emissions and safeguard Wales against future fuel shortages. Wales must be given its fair share of the money being spent on public transport investment in England, such as HS2, HS3 and Crossrail, and we will ensure that public transport in all parts of Wales is improved. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has always argued for the best deal for Wales. If HS2, a railway between cities in England, is built, then Wales should also get a fair share of funding so that we can improve our own public transport. During the One Wales Government, Plaid Cymru’s Ieuan Wyn Jones was Minister for Transport and developed a National Transport Plan for Wales that improved links between north and south Wales. We have always supported the electrification of railway lines in Wales, despite the Westminster Government dragging their heels. Our first MP Gwynfor Evans argued against the Westminster government for this in the 1960s. Plaid Cymru first proposed taking a stake in Cardiff Airport, recognising the strategic importance of the airport to Welsh business and industry. Railways We support the public ownership of railways in which profits are reinvested into better services, and the transfer of powers over railways to Wales, including the transfer of full funding for railway infrastructure. We will work with Network Rail to deliver this. We support the electrification of railways in Wales, with the aim of all major lines being electrified by 2034 and will ensure electrification of the North Wales Main Line in the next Control Period. While electrification is being rolled-out, we will make best use of stock by increasing the number of services in diesel-operating areas so that there are more services in West Wales, midWales and north Wales. We support a South Wales Metro around the Cardiff Capital Region, which will link with economically developing Valleys and coastal communities. To help connect our communities and boost tourism, we will fund a feasibility study for re-opening former railway lines, particularly between Carmarthen and Aberystwyth and we will support the maintenance of the Cambrian Coast Line. The next franchise in Wales should include the introduction of a Welsh transport Smart Card compatible with other forms of transport. Roads We support the ‘Blue Route’ M4 improvements which are less costly and can be completed faster than the ‘Black Route’ that is proposed by the Welsh Government. The ‘Black Route’ would prevent other transport projects from taking place across Wales. We will bring the Severn Bridges into Welsh public ownership, cutting the tolls and re-investing any profits into Welsh transport infrastructure. We will push for improvements to the A55, including the construction of a third Menai Bridge, and we will improve roads between north and south to improve access to all parts of Wales. We will create a fuel duty regulator to prevent sudden spikes in fuel prices. We will also seek European agreement for fuel price reductions in rural areas, recognizing the additional costs of living in rural parts of Wales, as already introduced in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. We will introduce additional electricity charging points in Wales to encourage the use of electric vehicles. Connecting our communities We will keep free bus passes. We will protect bus services in all parts of Wales and ensure early morning and late evening services for workers. We will expand Traws Cymru into a dedicated Welsh national coach company, linking our towns and cities with regular services, especially where train links are not an option. We will extend the Bwcabus scheme currently running in South Ceredigion and North Carmarthenshire into other rural areas to connect communities across Wales where traditional bus services are not viable. Our Airports and Ports We support the transfer of powers over air passenger duty, both short and long haul, to the Welsh Government and we will support Cardiff Airport in creating an improved freight and passenger development strategy. We will not support the creation of a major new UK airport to the east of London. We will develop a ports and freight strategy for Wales, using European funding to improve infrastructure. General Transport We will ensure funding for urban cycle paths and between communities, particularly in travel to work areas. We will ensure that the Welsh Transport Commissioner is based in Wales, unlike at present. Working for a Better Wales “ Welsh democracy can only benefit if people of all ages are engaged in the political process.” Plaid Cymru wants a Wales where everybody can get involved. That means replacing the broken Westminster system with something that all of us in Wales can be proud of, and which lets us play our part in creating a better nation. Serving the people Plaid Cymru will ensure that local government and public services in Wales are democratically accountable to the people and communities they serve. We will have a grassroots approach, with a stronger, community level of local government that focuses on delivery of services. We will support community councils to be able to scrutinise and ensure effective local services in all Welsh communities. This means that all decisions can be taken at the level closest to the people. We want to strengthen the democratic process by increasing the number of Assembly Members and decreasing the number of Members of Parliament. Giving people a voice We will work to increase the number of people who are registered to vote and will increase resources to electoral registration officers. We will encourage engagement by lowering the voting age to 16 and introducing compulsory citizenship classes in schools and colleges. We want to see the Single Transferable Vote used, where applicable, for all elections, so that as many votes as possible count towards the election of a representative. How England should be governed is a matter for the people for England, and they should be given an opportunity to decide the best method for governing themselves. In principle, we support English Votes for English Laws. However, Welsh MPs must be able to vote upon any issue which affects the people of Wales or the Welsh Government’s finances. Accountability and Transparency Elected representatives must be answerable to the people. We support a right to recall Members of Parliament, and other elected representatives, who have broken the law or otherwise brought their role into disrepute. We want to see an elected House of Lords, elected by Single Transferable Vote, while decisions affecting Wales continue to be made there. There should be a Welsh constituency for elections, with a weighted balance to ensure that Wales is heard on all matters and a reduction in the number of members in the second chamber. We do not approve of the current patronage appointment system to the second chamber. We will give the Welsh language official status within the UK Parliament so that meetings of the Welsh Affairs Select Committee and the Welsh Grand Committee can be addressed in either of Wales’ two official languages. We will remove part two of the Lobbying Act and will ensure that the lobbying system is genuinely transparent with appropriate access to all. We will create a Welsh Civil Service, with a Welsh Civil Service training system, based on international best practice. Working for a Greener Wales Energy and Natural Resources “Plaid Cymru has always argued that Wales should be fairly compensated for the exploitation and export of her natural resources. All around us we see Welsh resources plundered without economic gain for our people. Devolving control over major energy projects could utilise our natural resources to generate jobs and growth. We believe that our energy and natural resources belong to the people of Wales. We will use those natural resources in the best and sustainable interests of our people and communities, showing the importance of nature and the environment to Wales. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales Plaid Cymru has demanded the transfer of energy powers in the Localism Act and in the Infrastructure Act. We have published plans for a not-for-dividend energy company, Ynni Cymru, proposing this in Westminster and in the National Assembly. We tabled amendments to the Wales Act so that Wales would directly receive a share of tax receipts from any natural resources extracted from here. Powers and Responsibilities Plaid Cymru will transfer full responsibility for Wales’ natural resources to the National Assembly for Wales. We will ensure Wales always has the energy supply we need through best use of our resources, and prioritizing renewable sources as part of our transition to a cleaner, more sustainable and secure energy future. We will introduce a not-for- dividend energy company, Ynni Cymru, that will put our energy and natural resources in the hands of the people of Wales. This will ensure value for money for Welsh households and businesses. We should have full powers over our natural resources. We do not accept the imposition of artificial limits on Wales’s responsibility for its own energy generation, whether that be 50MW as at present or those recommended by the Silk Commission. We will introduce a Climate Change Act for Wales, adopting challenging but achievable greenhouse gas reduction targets for 2030 and 2050. Renewables We believe that the people of Wales should be better able to benefit from the energy we produce. Our natural resources are highly valuable, and if we can harness these renewable sources properly then we could becomeself-sufficient in renewable electricity which would help deliver environmental and economic gains to the people of Wales. Our energy policy will focus on increasing energy generation from renewable sources, with particular emphasis on tidal and hydro sources, such as the proposed tidal lagoons, and reducing our reliance on fossil fuels. As energy generation is linked to energy use, we will also work to reduce the amount of energy we use in Wales, using local businesses to deliver the work of making houses more energy efficient and assisting high-use industries to reduce their energy consumption. We will encourage transfer of investment from fossil fuel extraction to exploitation of sources of renewable energy. We will set ambitious targets for recycling, based on the waste hierarchy so that the assumption is to reuse rather than recycle or send to landfill We will work with supermarkets and others to reduce non- biodegradable waste from packaging Infrastructure Communities should benefit more from energy generation. We want to see local people owning and investing in energy projects. We will increase the advice and support available to local communities on how they can best benefit from energy generation projects. We will look into establishing local power grids and a Wales-wide national energy grid to secure energy transmission in Wales, linking north and south entry points undersea. Access to the National Grid should be made easier for renewable users and allow new energy generators to come on-line, as in Germany. We oppose the use of pylons to carry energy through National Parks and Areas of National Beauty, and support the use of underground and undersea cables technology to carry electricity, where possible. We support a moratorium on fracking and other forms of unconventional gas. Welsh water should not be used for fracking elsewhere nor should fracking take place without full permissions being given by landowners and residents, or without a full Environmental Impact Assessment. Plaid Cymru will also continue to oppose opencast mining, especially when close to housing or regularly used buildings, such as hospitals and schools, and underground coal gasification. We continue to oppose the building of nuclear power plants in new locations, and will work to ensure local people and businesses benefit from existing plants. Working for a Greener Wales Food and Agriculture Like all industries, agriculture in Wales is feeling the effects of the cuts enforced by the Westminster Government. We want to help the sector get back on track and help people choose the safer, healthier option of buying produce in local shops which will also give a much needed boost to small businesses.5 5 Food and agriculture are of key importance to all other activities in Wales. We will ensure that Wales always has enough food and will support the sector to stand on its own two feet. Support for our farmers We support the continuation of the Common Agricultural Policy that keeps over 80% of Welsh farms in business with direct payments. We opposed the maximum transfer of funds from Pillar One to Pillar Two. This took over a quarter of a billion pounds directly out of Wales’ rural economy. We believe that on-farm capital investment should be a bigger priority of the Rural Development Plan, and that resources should be allocated accordingly. We want to increase the promotion of Welsh farm products by opening up new international markets to our quality food and drink. We will continue to promote Welsh food and drink both nationally and internationally through the European Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) and Protected Geographical Indication (PGI) status. We will increase procurement of Welsh produce in Wales as part of our Welsh contracts for Welsh companies scheme. We want to see reform of the Red Meat Levy rules. Current regulations mean that Hybu Cig Cymru - Meat Promotion Wales loses out on £1m per year that is vital to the Welsh farming industry. We will strengthen the role of the Groceries Adjudicator to better protect farmers and those involved in the supply chain to ensure they get a fair deal. Plaid Cymru will ensure that the Common Agricultural Policy works for Welsh farmers and that all farmers receive the fullest Basic Payment by 1st December 2015. We will also ensure that RDP funding is used effectively, particularly targeting on-farm investment to improve skills and strengthen infrastructure. We will accelerate actions to reduce bureaucracy and red- tape within the farming industry, including the early scrapping of the ‘six-day standstill rule’ which prevents animal movements even when it is safe to do so and has now served its purpose. Supporting locally produced food We want to see food produced, processed and sold locally and support the localisation of the food chain to reduce ‘food miles’ to reduce pollution and support local farms, processing facilities and farmers’ markets. We will introduce a Food Waste Bill, requiring large food retailers and food manufacturers to take steps to reduce food waste, including donating surplus food to charities for distribution. We want to see local authorities making best use of land and promoting allotments and healthy, home grown food. We will continue to combat ‘food fraud’ through working closely with governments at all levels to ensure that food quality standards are not breached, including opposing the lowering of quality thresholds as part of the EU-US TTIP trade negotiations. We will support and safeguard sustainable sea fishing and seafood production. We support the Blue Growth strategy to strengthen the maritime and marine economy, linking with the land-based economy to produce added value through local markets and innovative products. We support the introduction of a European-level Animal Welfare Commissioner and adoption at all government levels of the new and comprehensive Animal Welfare law to end animal cruelty. Protecting our natural environment Plaid Cymru values Wales’ natural environment. We understand the crucial role of healthy, functioning ecosystems and are committed to maintaining and restoring our biodiversity We are against the growth of Genetically Modified Organisms(GMOs) in Wales and support a GMO-free British Isles and Europe on the precautionary principle. We have concerns about the impact of cross-pollination if the UK Government pushes ahead with plans to introduce GMO-crops in England. We will continue to work across the British Isles and Europe to prevent the spread of invasive alien species, both flora and fauna, including creating early threat warnings. Working for all our people Rural Affairs “As the cost of living crisis bites it is clearer than ever that rural communities throughout Wales are struggling. Plaid Cymru are determined to help communities who face some of the highest energy and fuel prices. Our plans are about not just about delivering for one area but about delivering for the whole of Wales. Plaid Cymru recognises the importance of rural life, and the different challenges faced by our rural communities. We want to ensure that families can enjoy the benefits of living in the countryside while reducing any difficulties. Plaid Cymru will increase the number of ambulances available for rural areas, support air ambulances and ensure availability of paramedics. We will invest in the community nursing service, providing district nurses in rural areas across Wales. We will reduce business rates, making town centres more affordable for small shops and helping them to thrive. We want to see an improved broadband connection, getting everybody online so that people can do business from home, with a target that all parts of Wales have access to speeds of at least 30Mbps and ensure that mobile phone operators provide a better service in all parts of Wales. We will give communities stronger powers to protect their local assets, including land and buildings. This would help communities keep their local parks, pubs, shops and post offices. We will push for European Union approval for a reduction in petrol and diesel prices in rural Wales. We will ensure better public transport by extending the Bwcabus scheme where there are not enough conventional bus services. We will increase the number of GPs and health expertise in rural Wales. We will allow development on farms so that families can continue to live and work on the same farm when children grow up and raise their own family. We will make sure that farming remains viable in Wales through supporting the CAP and helping young people get into the industry. We will make sure letters and parcels cost the same wherever they are sent by keeping the Universal Service Obligation for postal services. We will change public funding formula, such as that of local government, to reflect the extra cost of providing services in rural areas. We will ensure that staffing levels of full time and retained fire crews are at an adequate level to provide comprehensive cover in all parts of Wales at all times. Working for all our people Sustainable Communities “Plaid Cymru’s vision is for thriving communities across Wales. That means communities that are active, supported by strong local economies, high quality services and good relationships. Communities should be sustainable, investing now in a good quality of life for the future. Plaid Cymru believes that our communities have the right to make their own decisions. We will give them the tools to do what is best in all parts of Wales, to ensure a sustainable and fair country - a community of communities. Starting with citizens and communities and building outwards is the best way of achieving sustainable communities. We will develop person-centred, flexible services that are better able to respond to today’s challenges. Plaid Cymru will set up a Prevention Fund to encourage preventative, integrated working at local level, and will work to ensure organisations work together in a transparent manner with clear democratic accountability. We will restructure the Welsh Government’s failed delivery unit to a Strategy and Integration Unit to drive forward long-term crossgovernment issues. We will use existing third sector structures to ensure a Connected Communities programme - a national community development programme aimed at promoting and supporting community and neighbourhood level action across Wales. We want to establish a Social Innovation Hub to explore pressing social issues, creating lines of communication and access between those interested in developing a better society, e.g.better communication between NHS practitioners and patients, or in reducing carbon emissions. We will develop co-operative and co-production methods to deliver better local services. We will reform public finance and investment to make it easier to invest in creating more sustainable communities. We will create more sustainable infrastructure with a particular focus on better housing, public transport, leisure and education facilities, developing urban green areas and cycle routes. Working for all our people The Welsh language If we are serious about reversing the decline of the Welsh language, different and more radical steps are necessary. Plaid Cymru has been campaigning hard to improve employment opportunities for Welsh speakers, for instance by ensuring a number of Welsh-language apprenticeships in our budget agreement, but much more needs to be done if we are to support the language to thrive. Plaid Cymru believes that the Welsh language belongs to everybody in Wales. We want to see Welsh being used the length and breadth of our country and we will take action so that everybody has the right and opportunity to use Welsh. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales In government we introduced the Welsh Language Measure 2011 which makes Welsh and English the official languages of Wales and created the Welsh Language Commissioner and Welsh language standards. The purpose of the Welsh language standards is to ensure that Welsh is not treated less favourably than English and that people have the right to use the language. Unfortunately, due to the Welsh Government dragging its feet, the standards are yet to be introduced. We will not support the introduction of any standards that are weaker than the current 1993 Welsh Language Act. Rights We want to see the Welsh language thrive, with a rights- based approach allowing speakers to receive Welsh language services in all parts of Wales and supporting Welsh language communities, wherever they are. We will ensure that strategies are in place to promote Welsh language education and ensure employment of bilingual people so that these services can be provided across Wales. We will also introduce tougher regulations for those who fail to meet their statutory commitments to support the Welsh language. We will support local authorities to work through the medium of Welsh, using the good practice developed by Gwynedd Council. We will strengthen the Welsh language standards so that all Welsh speakers in Wales have the right to expect a service in their choice of language from public sector bodies and major private sector companies. We will allow for the empanelling of bilingual juries in Wales. We will review any legislation which treats Welsh less favourably than English, with particular reference to those relating to major life events, including registration of births, weddings, same- sex partnerships, deaths and cremations We will ensure that bilingual certificates are available for births and deaths that take place in England to people normally resident in Wales. We will ensure that service providers located outside Wales meet the same standards of Welsh language provision as those based within Wales when they are contracted to deal with the Welsh public. We will push for the Welsh language to have official status within the UK Parliament so that meetings of the Welsh Affairs Select Committee and the Welsh Grand Committee can be addressed in either of Wales’ two official languages. We will press the UK Government to make Welsh an official European Union language and give Welsh speakers the right to use their language at all levels and for its status to be internationally recognised. Community Language Plaid Cymru will provide support for the Welsh language to thrive as a community language and support the use of Welsh in business, education and in the media. We will ensure that the sustainability of Welsh language communities will be a key part of planning decisions in Wales. We will use international best practice to set the 2016 Welsh language budget at a level where it can be effective in promoting Welsh as a community language, and protect the budget until the following elections. We will ensure that Welsh language coverage of the Foundation Phase is improved so that, in time, all pupils will have the opportunity to follow a Welsh language education from the age of 7 onwards. We will promote the Siarter Iaith which helps schools encourage children to be proud of their Welsh language skills and to use them outside the classroom. Using the model of the Coleg Cymraeg Cenedlaethol in Higher Education, Plaid Cymru will increase the provision of Welsh language courses and tutors in Further Education across Wales, ensuring that vocational subjects are equally available to Welsh speakers in the 14-19 Learning Pathways. We support establishing a new Welsh language multimediaservice to operate online, on radio and other platforms, in order to reflect the needs of Welsh language audiences and improve current affairs coverage in Wales. We will legislate to protect traditional Welsh names from being changed and so prevent changes to the linguistic landscape, particularly in traditional Welsh language town centres. The Welsh language and the economy We will support a strategy that uses Carmarthen, Aberystwyth and the Menai area as centres for Welsh business, ensuring funding to support businesses across West and NorthWest Wales and helping them to recruit and use the Welsh language in their everyday business. We will develop a bespoke strategy to support Welsh speakers to become entrepreneurs and develop their own businesses. We will build on the Plaid Cymru Budget deal of 2012 to deliver more apprenticeships at all levels through the medium of Welsh, and help companies who work through Welsh. Working for all our people Working for a Fairer Wales Plaid Cymru want a Wales in which everybody has the opportunity to reach their potential and make their own life choices. To achieve this, we will aim to reduce the gap in terms of equality of opportunity and life-chances that currently exist in Wales. Plaid Cymru is committed to human rights. We are a party that celebrates diversity and wants to create a fair and equal society in which difference is respected. We believe that everybody, regardless of their characteristics or background, has a place in Wales’ future. Disability We will work with local authorities to ensure that all schools have appropriate access for physically disabled pupils. We will work with local authorities to ensure that all Blue Badge holders have access to free parking. We will provide additional support to mental health services for children and young people with mental health problems including access to appropriate care settings. We will ensure that all schools include the teaching of tolerance and anti-discrimination. We will provide greater opportunities for disabled people to find jobs across Wales through our proposals for a new Welsh job- search service. We will help families with disabled children to be able to afford child care and improve the availability of childcare for children with disabilities. Mental Health We will encourage employers to provide adequate support for staff experiencing mental health difficulties. In order to help prisoners with mental health and drug or alcohol problems we will improve cooperation between the prison service and health and substance misuse services. Older people If older people wish to find work after reaching pensionable age then they should be supported to do so and we will work with employers to ensure this. We will work with third sector organisations and the Police to prevent the exploitation of older people through various forms of ‘scams’. The elderly and vulnerable people must be treated with understanding and respect. We will improve on the methods and frequencies of inspections of the care provided in hospitals, care homes and nursing homes to ensure this. We will work to tackle the growing problem of isolation and loneliness among older people by ensuring that community workers are able to spend more time with older people than is currently the case. We will provide opportunities for older people to remain socially, physically and mentally active into later life. We will protect the free bus pass service that helps older people travel safely in their communities. LGBTLesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender We will ensure that all schools and local authorities record incidents of homophobic bullying and seek to eradicate it by providing support and training to teachers, building on work that Plaid Cymru has already carried out. This will help them to better identify victims and act appropriately in cases of LGBT bullying in schools. We will end the twelve month ban on blood donation by gay and bisexual men. We will provide support wherever possible to tackle isolation and provide safe spaces for individuals and groups. We will toughen sentencing on homo, bi and transphobic hate crime and work closely with police authorities to ensure widespread recording. We will work towards the implementation of a framework for Primary Care Service for Trans and Intersex people and the development of a Gender Identity Clinic in Wales. Tackling Discrimination and Abuse We will work closely with the Equality and Human Rights Commission and Race Equality to raise awareness and prevent discrimination in terms of access to employment. We will increase the opportunity for restorative justice, where the face to face meeting of victim and perpetrator of abuse is considered to be an effective way to prevent further offending. Gender inequalities We will ensure that men and women are paid the same for comparable work. We recognise the impact of segregated workspaces where women and men follow different career paths and the effect of this upon wage levels. We will aim to raise the status of work often carried out by women and promote women’s access to careers in science, technology, engineering, mathematics andother careers where women are under-represented, providing mentors and support networks. We will aim to provide additional support for young women to enter the job market at an appropriate level through our Welsh JobCentre Plus proposals, especially helping young or single mothers to access work and reach their potential. We will provide an extra year of early-years education which will allow parents to choose to work and provide financially accessible child care in order to enable women to work. We will aim to provide flexible and affordable childcare, particularly in deprived areas, through the Welsh language and for children with disabilities. We will work towards improving facilities and qualifications for childcare and older persons’ care, including social enterprises and co-operatives, recognising that caring duties fall predominantly upon women. We will ensure a Living Wage, which will particularly help women who are in low-paid or part-time work and allow them greater financial independence. Recognising that the impact of austerity has been greater upon women, Plaid Cymru will insist that further cuts include equality impact assessments to prevent disproportionate disadvantage falling upon any particular groups. We will ensure that all substantially government funded bodies or agencies include at least 40% membership of both men andwomen on their management board. They should also have a gender awareness plan to achieve appropriate gender balance at all levels, particularly in gender segregated workplaces. We want both our young women and our young men to be equally successful in their further education, and we will therefore ensure that training for providers ofeducational, training and careers services includes an improved understanding of the effect of gender on learning and how this can be tackled. Plaid Cymru will remove VAT from women’s sanitary protection products, making the argument for this in Westminster and in Europe. Working for a more Successful Wales We know here in Wales that our country is a fabulous place to holiday. From the stunning coastline to the scenic villages and the ancient monuments, there really is something for everyone. The challenge now is to get that message spread far and wide to tourists for whom Wales is not on the radar as a holiday destination. We could be generating much more money for our economy with more investment. Plaid Cymru want to make the most of our country’s natural beauty and show some real support to our tourist industry. Plaid Cymru wants Wales to be recognised internationally as a successful country. We want a strong, well-known brand to attract more visitors to Wales, creating more jobs across the country. Brand Wales and Tourism Visit Britain has failed to promote Wales within the UK and abroad. We will double the budget for Welsh tourism. Plaid Cymru will support the Welsh hosting of major international events. We will ensure that they are supported by a strong business case which will demonstrate the benefits to Wales of bringing events such as the Commonwealth Games or a World Expo to the country. We will hold a Celebrate Wales year to stimulate tourism across the country, similar to ‘Homecoming’ events in Scotland and the Republic of Ireland. Wales has fewer bank holidays than any other European Union country. Plaid Cymru will make St David’s Day, or the nearest appropriate weekday, a public bank holiday in Wales. We will support tourism by cutting tourism VAT which will create 7,000 jobs in Wales. We will support food festivals across Wales, which invest in local produce and attract tourists Sport We will promote sports, exercise and activity for all age groups, genders, abilities as a means of maintaining individual health and wellbeing, recognizing the overall benefits this provides. Following our excellent performance in the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, it is crucial that the momentum is maintained at leisure, intermediate and elite level sport in Wales. We will continue to develop Plaid Cymru’s Inspire Wales programme to involve all ages in sporting activity and ensure our people stay fit and healthy. We want to see sport and fitness activities available to everyone in many different types of locations around Wales. This could include community centres, schools and colleges, and not just leisure centres or dedicated specialist sporting arenas. Learning from Ireland’s Local Sports Partnerships, we will look to deliver sporting participation regionally across Wales, linking between Welsh governing bodies, sports authorities, local authorities,schools, sports clubs and leisure centres to ensure communities have the relevant sports and leisure facilities for their needs. By familiarising young people and their families with different types of sports and activities, we hope to see more people taking part in sports, with subsequent beneficial effects upon health and wellbeing. We think schools have an important role in promoting this, as well as volunteer and council-led organisations outside school. Although we will promote fitness and activity at all ages, we will design particular schemes to encourage teenage girls to take part in fitness programmes. In developing our Inspire Wales programme, we want elite athletes to play a role in promoting sport across Wales, visiting schools, youth clubs and Summer events to inspire others to take part, including people of all abilities from all social, ethnic and economic backgrounds. We will look into attracting the Tour de France to Wales, for both women and men. We want to see a Welsh international cricket team that can compete in ICC events. We will support the development of grassroots sports in every part of Wales, promoting Welsh national leagues where sporting development allows, and supporting existing structures, such as the Welsh Premier Football League. Working for all our people Arts, Media & Culture Plaid Cymru wants everybody in Wales to access our arts, media and culture. We want a vibrant and exciting scene, full of quality, innovation and originality, helping to create and represent all facets of Welsh life. Plaid Cymru has worked for Wales As part of the One Wales Government, Plaid Cymru ensured the creation of an English-language National Theatre Wales, which has won many awards since its formation. We also supported the development and improvement of the St Fagans National History Museum, so that it remains one of Europe’s foremost heritage attractions and continues its vital role in explaining Welsh history. Plaid Cymru supported S4C to maintain its editorial independence and funding when under threat from the UK government. As a member of the Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee, Former Plaid Cymru MP Adam Price exposed alleged phone hacking by the News of the World. Media We will devolve broadcasting to Wales and implement recommendations on broadcasting made by Plaid Cymru to the Silk Commission. These include establishing a BBC Trust for Wales as part of a more federal BBC within the UK. Trustees would be appointed by the Welsh Government and the appointment process including public hearings held by the National Assembly for Wales. Responsibility for S4C, the world’s only Welsh language channel, would transfer to the National Assembly for Wales, as would the funding for the channel that is currently with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. We will ensure that S4C is adequately funded and that the channel maintains editorial independence. Again, the Welsh Government should appoint the board members of the S4C Authority following public hearings. We support establishing a new Welsh language multimedia service to operate online, on radio and other platforms, in order to reflect the needs of Welsh language audiences and improve current affairs coverage in Wales. Ofcom’s office in Wales shouldhave greater powers, including the authority to take licensing decisions. The members of Ofcom’s Advisory Committee for Wales should be appointed by the Welsh Government. This would be best achieved by the federalisation of the work of Ofcom in a UK context. We will give local newspapers the status of ‘community assets’ so that owners could not close them without communities having the opportunity to keep their paper. It is important for there to be a plurality of opinions and information sources. We will oppose any reduction in Welsh produced news and non-news content in our media. Arts, heritage and culture Plaid Cymru will introduce a right for everybody to have access to the arts, heritage and culture. They must be presented so that they are relevant and available to all. We will increase access to the arts for young people, particularly those of disadvantaged backgrounds, through promotion of apprenticeships in media and the arts, and promote the arts to families to participate together. We will ensure that free access to National Museum Wales continues. Building on the success of the Dylan Thomas centenary, we will hold a poll to agree on figures of importance in the world of writing in Wales that we can celebrate through holding national events to increase interest in literature. In 2016, we will celebrate the life and works of Roald Dahl on the centenary of his birth. We will support Cardiff to become the European City of Culture, and use this as an opportunity to promote the culture of Cardiff and the whole of Wales. Develop closer links with organisations in Scotland and across Ireland to promote our cultures will be developed. We will create apprenticeships in the field of historical documentation and culture so that staff skills, knowledge and experiences are retained and nurtured. We will retain the Royal Commission on Ancient Monuments as a body outside of government and start a review of the listing process in Wales to ensure that all heritage is protected, with a greater focus on industrial and more recent heritage. "" Wales does not have to be poor. It is not inevitable that our economy has to be weak. We will not accept that this is as good as it gets. This is why Plaid Cymru’s aim is to create a fairer, greener and more prosperous Wales. ”