Let’s Get the UK Moving AGAIN MANIFESTO GENERAL ELECTION 2019 Leader’s Message The Democratic Unionist Party has set out our 12-point plan to deliver on the people’s priorities on health, education, jobs, childcare and protecting the vulnerable through having a working Assembly back and an All-Party Executive in place. We are now offering our manifesto for the United Kingdom, the sister document for our plan to get Northern Ireland moving again. For Northern Ireland to truly flourish then it needs the United Kingdom to succeed and likewise for the UK to truly flourish it needs all its constituent parts and regions to succeed. This can be aided by a strong and unified voice for Northern Ireland in Parliament. The DUP is that voice. The UK needs to do much more to fulfil its true potential. This should include: Delivering for Northern Ireland Helping Family Incomes Grow National Infrastructure Investment that delivers for the UK Truly Internationally Competitive Leaving the European Union as One United Kingdom A Global UK Our Green and Pleasant Land A Long-Term National Defence Approach Next Generation Unionism The outcome of this election is not assured. This manifesto and our 12-point plan for a brighter future would be the basis on which we would negotiate with those seeking our support. We will talk to both Conservatives and Labour but we are clear we will not support Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister. Others seek a mandate to do nothing in this election – nothing in the Assembly and nothing in Parliament. The DUP seeks a mandate to turn up, a mandate to work, and a mandate for: Working with others to get things done for Northern Ireland. Our plan to get Northern Ireland Moving Again. Protect Northern Ireland’s place in the Union. No borders in the Irish Sea and protection of the UK single market after Brexit. Keep Corbyn out of Downing Street. Take time to read our manifesto and our 12-point plan for Northern Ireland. Rt Hon Arlene Foster MLA Leader, Democratic Unionist Party Deputy Leader/Parliamentary Party Leader’s Message At the last Westminster election, the votes of people in Northern Ireland helped return the strongest ever team of DUP Members of Parliament. Working together, the DUP has been able to speak up for Northern Ireland’s interests and had the strength to deliver for people, securing an additional £1.5 billion for Northern Ireland’s hospitals, schools and roads. This investment has been making a real difference in every community across Northern Ireland. This is what can be delivered when you turn up but the DUP wants to do more. On 12th December, there is a new opportunity to move Northern Ireland in the right direction; to elect people who believe in Northern Ireland and who will go and do the job they are elected them to do. At this election we are seeking a positive mandate to send the strongest Unionist team to speak up for Northern Ireland at Westminster; A mandate To protect Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom. To get Northern Ireland moving again with a re-established Executive and Assembly. To deliver a strong DUP team which will not support a Corbyn Government. To support a party that has delivered over £1.5 billion for everyone in Northern Ireland and wants to get more done. To send a message that there can be no borders in the Irish Sea. The DUP voted against Boris Johnson’s Brexit deal and we will use our votes and our influence to seek to correct that which would endanger the economic and constitutional position of Northern Ireland within the United Kingdom. Unionists cannot afford the luxury of staying at home, wasting their vote on candidates and parties that cannot win, or voting for those who are at best ambivalent about the Union. The party that has most Members of Parliament elected after this election will be seen as the voice of Northern Ireland. The DUP has a positive plan for the future of our country, and a track record of working for Northern Ireland. While others talk about delivery, we can stand over what has been achieved as a result of the votes cast for our party. On 12th December vote for the DUP plan for a Brighter Future; vote to protect Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom; vote to get Northern Ireland Moving Again. Rt Hon Nigel Dodds Deputy Leader, Democratic Unionist Party Manifesto Summary 10 Key Points Delivering for Northern Ireland Northern Ireland needs represented by a strong team with the record of delivering for all by working with other parties. Helping Family Incomes Grow With austerity over, unemployment low and the economy growing it is time to ensure that people feel the benefits in their incomes and in their lives. National Infrastructure Investment that delivers for the UK Infrastructure investment that works for the whole of the country and drives a rebalancing of the national economy. Truly Internationally Competitive A plan to spread growth across the United Kingdom driven by a business-friendly environment with workers valued to drive up productivity. Leaving the European Union as One United Kingdom The DUP is committed to a deal that works for the whole of the United Kingdom and which does not leave Northern Ireland behind, with no border in the Irish Sea. A Global UK A compassionate foreign aid programme to support an effective voice across the world for economic growth, human rights and support for terrorist victims underpinned by a new approach to immigration. Our Green and Pleasant Land A renewed approach to agricultural support, a new UK wide approach to environmental protection and a just transformation to meet the 2050 Net Zero target. A Long-Term National Defence Approach Our national defence has been degraded with a long-term approach needed to reverse this, our anti-terrorism protections upgraded and raising the standards of veteran support. Next Generation Unionism Reforming Parliament and politics and reshaping the relationships with the devolved institutions and pro-active engagement and promotion of the ties that bind us. 12-point plan for Northern Ireland Action at a national level that helps deliver our 12-point plan to get Northern Ireland moving again in key areas such as health, education and crime. Reasons to vote DUP The strongest unionist team to speak up for Northern Ireland at Westminster. For a strong DUP team who will not support a Corbyn Government. Protect Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom. Support a party that has delivered over £1.5 billion for everyone in Northern Ireland and wants to get more done. Send a message that there can be no borders in the Irish Sea. To get Northern Ireland moving again with a re-established Executive and Assembly taking meaningful decisions on health and education. Delivering for Northern Ireland The DUP Confidence and Supply Agreement with the Conservative Party has delivered much for Northern Ireland. Even our opponents accept that more has been achieved for Northern Ireland as a result of electing ten DUP Members of Parliament who held the balance of power. With such an unpredictable election it is very possible it could happen again. Extra resources alone cannot solve every problem, but additional money has been able to provide vital investment. More and better could have been achieved with a working Assembly but the value of Confidence and Supply funding has been vital in key services like our NHS and our schools. More for our health service The injection of funding from the Confidence and Supply Agreement has proved absolutely essential. As well as allocations for immediate in-year pressures, £200 million was secured for health transformation. The £100 million in the first year has been invested in a range of transformation initiatives including funding extra capacity to help with waiting lists. It has permitted progress on multidisciplinary teams in primary care, elective centres and workforce development, with examples including: £30m towards Elective Care Waiting Lists. £750,000 to Day Case Elective Care Centres for varicose veins in Lagan Valley and Omagh, and cataracts at Mid Ulster, Downpatrick and South Tyrone Hospital. £2.5m reform of Elective Care pathways. New HIV prevention clinic in Belfast Health Trust with more patients getting treated. £6.4m for improving the nursing and midwifery workforce. A number of mental health projects were funded including: £540k for suicide prevention. £403k to talking therapies. £610k for the recovery model. £190k to prevent substance misuse. £189k for forensic mental health services. £165k Mental Capacity Act training. £274k ‘Think Family’ to improve outcomes where parents have mental health issues. Multi-Agency Street Triage has been introduced involving two police officers, a mental health nurse and a paramedic working together to respond to people with mental health problems, and new crisis intervention/ de-escalation services are being trialled in Londonderry and Belfast The new multi-disciplinary teams in primary care include mental health workers. The Confidence and Supply Agreement is also providing a further £50 million specifically to mental health over five years. In the first year this resulted in: £900,000 for Belfast Trust Acute Mental Health Facility. £2.7 million to sustain and increase access to mental health services. £1.8 million for additional expenditure on medications. £4.6 million for psychological therapies. More for children Our children and the next generation of Northern Ireland have been supported through Confidence and Supply. £16.5million received by the Department of Education has benefited local schools in a number of ways including: 38 Sure Start projects received £6.4million, benefiting 39,000 children. Literacy and numeracy projects have received £700,000, with 40,000 registered users having access to classroom resources. Nurture Provision received £1.3million, with a number of schools receiving £70,000 per annum to support ongoing programmes. It is a fact that this scheme would have been under threat of closure but for C&S support. Early Years Pathway Fund, which supports 5,600 children by aiming to improve the development of those most at risk of not reaching their full potential within the school system, has received £2.3 million. Extended Schools have received £5.8 million, which has safeguarded the fund for the foreseeable future. Schools across Northern Ireland benefited from this investment: Belfast, 126 schools receiving £2,328,726 Londonderry City and Strabane, 71 schools receiving £1,282,867 Fermanagh and Omagh, 40 schools receiving £576,632 Causeway Coast and Glens, 41 schools receiving £679,573 Mid and East Antrim, 22 schools receiving £387,493 Antrim and Newtownabbey, 25 schools receiving £440,988 Mid Ulster, 22 schools receiving £360,896 Lisburn and Castlereagh, 17 schools receiving £318,839 Ards and North Down, 15 schools receiving £292,812 Newry Mourne and Down, 67 schools receiving £1,067,884 Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon, 27 schools receiving £494,292 The lasting effect of this real investment in real lives will be to help our future generations achieve a better, well-educated and ambitious future for themselves as well as their community. More Jobs Many councils and parts of the United Kingdom have made City and Growth Deals with the national government. These deals represent extra investment from the national government over 10-15 years to further bolster local economic growth and specialisation of economies. These funds are matched by investment from local councils, devolved institutions and the private sector. They aim to raise growth to the next level and help create the jobs of the future our children will need. Prior to the agreement, no Council in Northern Ireland had ever had such a deal. No Northern Ireland Council had ever been proposed for one by the national government. The DUP made such growth deals a priority for Councils in Northern Ireland. This will be the long-lasting legacy of the Confidence and Supply Agreement. Helping Family Incomes Grow The era of austerity is over. Public spending and tax policy should reflect that. The DUP believes money is better in your pocket than the government’s. A successful economy is built upon a strong working population, an entrepreneurial spirit and a welcoming financial environment. People should be as free as possible to enjoy the fruits of their labour while ensuring the necessary level of public services. Those that have worked hard all their lives should not be penalised in retirement. Personal Taxes and Incomes The gradual increase in the personal tax allowance has been positive for all taxpayers, but especially for the lowest paid, taking them out of the tax system entirely. The DUP were to the fore in calling for increases in the personal tax allowance, which has subsequently benefited many people in Northern Ireland. We want to see new reforms progressed that will benefit the lowest paid the most. In this Parliament the DUP will support: The Personal Tax allowance should rise in line with inflation each year. Over the Parliamentary term, National Insurance allowances should be raised until they match personal tax allowances. The DUP will support a rise in the National Living Wage (NLW) to £10.50 by the end of the Parliamentary term and reducing the NLW starting age to 21. Robust action against companies who fail to comply with the National Living Wage. The freeze on benefits should end, with rises in line with inflation. The Working Tax Credit should increase by the rate of inflation plus 0.5%. The two-child limit on Universal credit should be raised to 3 and then 4 in this Parliamentary term. The People’s Choice The new and older generations have seen a transformation in how they access and watch their film, television and music entertainment including Netflix, Amazon, Now TV, Spotify, AppleTV etc. Each person gets to decide which services they want and what they are willing to pay - free to choose what they spend their money on. This transformation has made the BBC licence fee, a regressive tax on the poorest, an anachronism. The licence fee should be abolished. People should be free to choose how they spend this extra £154.50 a year on whatever they want. The BBC boasts of the quality of what it produces. However, this is not an argument against change, but for it. This confidence in its product is surely what can make it flourish as a successful subscription-based service and grow beyond the UK as a high-quality global brand. Freedom for licence fee payers will also mean freedom for the BBC to grow to something even bigger and better, and create fairer competition for media outlets nationally and locally. Supporting Older People The DUP has a strong record as a champion of older people. We will continue to do so in Parliament by supporting: The restoration of the free BBC licence to all those aged over 75, for as long as it continues to exist. The pensions ‘triple lock’ protection and retaining winter fuel payments as a universal benefit. Action on the unfair treatment of women pensioners with a suitable compensatory scheme established. Family Budgets and Taxes VAT and other indirect taxes are a key strain on family budgets and leaving the European Union effectively will give the UK the flexibility it needs to act. The DUP will support: Zero rating of domestic electricity and gas to reduce bills and encourage take up of more environmentally friendly heating technologies. This needs to be complemented by energy efficiency programmes that make these viable alternatives to oil for off gas grid and rural homes. Zero rating on sanitary products. Reduce the Insurance Premium Tax by 1% every year of the Parliamentary term. Zero rating for new Electric Vehicles for domestic use, reducing VAT rating for new Hybrid cars in addition to existing government support and increasing the charge point grant up to £750. Abolish Domestic Air Passenger Duty - it is a faux environmental tax that has a disproportionately negative impact on the peripheral parts of the UK. Maintaining the freeze in fuel duty. Pension Changes The Government was right to ensure people make greater pension provision. People should have the resources to enjoy a comfortable retirement. However, there have been a series of changes to the pension system combined with changes to defined benefits schemes which are creating significant disincentives for people to progress in key organisations and operate optimally in the NHS without punitive tax bills. These often function as stealth taxation. The pension system must: Scrap the tapered annual allowance and review the annual allowance for defined benefit schemes. Within two years establish comprehensive, user-friendly pensions dashboards for self-employed people with the necessary legislation to compel pension schemes to share data. Fairness in Public Sector Pay With the end of austerity, there needs to be a prioritisation of the public sector pay rises especially in our NHS, police and armed forces. This means pay rises should not only take account of inflation but of the need to uplift rates to restore the full value of public sector pay. Social Care & the Blood Scandal The United Kingdom faces a growing ageing population with higher and more complex health needs. The decline of family and community networks increases the demands on public services. The costs of social care are a significant burden and fear for older people and their families. This needs a national solution. The DUP calls for: A Royal Commission, drawn across parties and constituent parts of the UK, to be appointed to produce proposals for supporting and sustaining a modern Social Care system. It would report within 18 months of the new Parliament meeting. Another national health issue needing resolution is those affected by the contaminated blood scandal. The DUP supports: Establishing a compensation panel for the victims and families of those who suffered from receiving contaminated blood products. National Infrastructure Investment that delivers for the United Kingdom Northern Ireland is on the geographic periphery of the Atlantic Ocean, British Isles and Europe. Even if within Northern Ireland we had a fully upgraded road network, expanding public transport, up to date airports, modern shipping ports and the latest digital infrastructure the networks and connectivity beyond our shores are crucial to us. What is built or not built in Great Britain matters to Northern Ireland. Spend Better – Cancel HS2 The economic case for HS2 simply does not stand up. The scale of investment in one route cannot be justified. It is about making more of England a suburb of London than rebalancing and expanding the economy of the United Kingdom, and an unwillingness to stop a poor project simply because money has already been spent. The money should still be invested and spent better on: Expansion of the public transport bus fleet and shifting it to alternative energies and away from diesel. Buses, often overlooked, are the main form of public transport. For the rail network the priorities should be the Northern Powerhouse Rail (HS3), overhaul of bottlenecks in the UK rail system and upgrading of rolling stock. Investment in the strategic road network including in more and better lorry park facilities. If the feasibility study on a bridge between Northern Ireland and Scotland concludes positively, this should also be pursued with the national government and devolved institutions working together to take it forward. In the midst of the fevered debate about the likelihood or viability of this connection too many have chosen to ignore the importance of that route for business and people and the expensiveness of the NI-Scotland crossing currently, costs which are about to increase even more with the Shipping Low Sulphur Surcharge. The route’s inclusion as a European super-highway is a testament to its importance but also deeply ironic since it is anything but super. In particular, the A77 to the Central belt of Scotland and the A75 to the North of England are badly maintained, under-invested and not fit for Northern Ireland’s purposes. With alternative routes for Scottish businesses, the areas being lesser populated and not an SNP stronghold, the likelihood of them being made a priority by the Scottish government is low. Therefore, the DUP proposes: The national government should make investment in these roads a national infrastructure priority, especially the A75 as Northern Ireland’s main connection to the Northern Powerhouse. Build Heathrow’s Third Runway The UK needs more international air linkages and following extensive research the conclusion is that the third runway at Heathrow represents the best solution for the UK. Such a positive and strategic intervention must also deliver for the regions of the UK. The expansion of Heathrow must be on the condition of designated slots for regional interconnection and that this investment has an impact across the UK. Northern Ireland is well placed to host one of the Heathrow construction hubs due to be set up as part of its airport expansion programme. If chosen, this project will act as a catalyst for long term economic growth across the Province and further underpin the local reputation for excellence in the construction and manufacturing sectors. This extra national capacity needs to be complemented by establishing a new Air Routes Task Force. Digital Infrastructure Digital network infrastructure, which connects us to the Internet, and to each other, is increasingly recognised as core economic infrastructure, like electricity, gas and water. They are central to tackling the UK’s productivity problem. The DUP will support: Full fibre networks for the UK. 5G network rollout. Energy Interconnection is central to a future energy strategy especially to those countries with stronger access to renewables. The DUP supports: The pursuit of a strong interconnection strategy including with Iceland (and examination of Icelandic interconnection making landfall in Northern Ireland). Representation The National Infrastructure Commission should aspire to be just that, truly national. Therefore, in addition to the members appointed by the national government, the devolved institutions should be able to nominate a suitably experienced appointee. Truly Internationally Competitive Our economy will be driven forward by investment in strategic infrastructure in a business-friendly environment, but equally if not more important will be our people and their skills. To achieve these goals the DUP will support: A ‘UK’ Growth vision – The central tenet of economic growth should not simply be strong growth in the national GDP but that growth is spread throughout. The development of Industrial Strategies across the UK needs to be complementary and co-ordinated. This should ensure regional specialisations and maximise the opportunities for UK supply chains. Corporation Tax rates kept under review to ensure they remain competitive against our main economic arrivals. Increase the Employment Allowance for National Insurance payments to £4,000. Introduction of time-limited capital allowances for businesses to support capital investment. Abolish and replace the Apprenticeship Levy – This levy is a stealth tax that is not contributing to our local and national skills shortage and our productivity problem. It should be replaced by a private sector focused levy co-designed between employers and government with any resources it raises ringfenced for skills. This will show a clear pathway between their contributions and the provision of apprenticeship services. Develop a long-term plan between government, industry and universities to increase Research and Development in the UK to 3% of GDP. Make the UK a partner of choice for international research collaborations both with EU programmes and global opportunities. Significantly increased funding for the Small Business Research Initiative (SBRI) This has proved a considerable success, both in terms of supporting small business growth and the development of innovative products across a whole range of sectors. Strengthening the regional identifiers e.g. ‘Made in Northern Ireland’ across the United Kingdom, as a key element of growing global exports promotion and linked to the new Industrial strategies. No diminution of workers’ rights The development of a successful and productive workforce is built on a clear framework of respect between employers and employees and maximising certainty for both. The UK’s workers’ rights are substantially better than most Boosting productivity by overhauling and expanding post start-up business support, to aid those businesses wanting to scale up in size and expand. There has long been a gap between start-up and mature business support and this should be urgently addressed across the UK. A UK wide programme to identify and develop a new generation of entrepreneurial business leaders, those with the ambition to think globally and with the drive to create and lead businesses of the future. Fair Banking for Small Businesses by taking forward the proposed banking reforms of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Fair Business Banking. Overhaul of corporate governance and audit to restore trust in business and reduce the likelihood of corporate collapses such as Carillion and Thomas Cook as well as systematic abuses of small businesses by the likes of Lloyds and HBoS. A UK wide enterprise strategy which harnesses the skills and experience of those in sectors such as advanced manufacturing, engineering and technology to create and lead in the sectors of the future. These will be the businesses which create future jobs and the UK has a history of leading in new industries. That time has come again – to lead, into the future. Delivery of the Northern Ireland International Trade plan including: a new Trade Advisory Board the appointment of Northern Ireland Trade Ambassadors the creation of new trade, investment and innovation hubs in key global markets a Trade Accelerator Plan including an enhanced range of initiatives to help support both new and existing exporters to explore new markets Leaving the European Union as One United Kingdom The DUP is committed to a deal that works for the whole of the United Kingdom and which does not leave Northern Ireland behind. We have been clear that without change, we would not vote for the Prime Minister’s agreement. These proposals, as currently framed, are not in Northern Ireland’s longer-term interests, and they are clearly without support within Unionism. In the last Parliament, it was the votes of the DUP that altered the course of events. When tested the DUP stood strong. In our view without change in key areas it would be bad for Northern Ireland economically. The Articles of Union, the founding document, was not only about a constitutional Union but a trade and economic one as well. There must be unfettered access for Northern Ireland to and from the Great Britain market. The customs and consent arrangements must be revisited. The one-sided approval mechanism for the Assembly takes no account of power sharing. Furthermore, the East-West checks as proposed would lead to excessively bureaucratic burdens for trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and consequentially higher prices and less choice for consumers as GB businesses opt for ‘not available in Northern Ireland’. Northern Ireland trades far more with Great Britain than it does with the Republic of Ireland, European Union and rest of the world combined. Yet the proposals put forward would see our East-West trade subject to the rules of the EU Customs Union, notwithstanding that Northern Ireland would remain part of the UK customs territory. The DUP will continue to work to shape a solution in Northern Ireland’s interests. The prism through which the DUP will judge each situation and vote is what is best for Northern Ireland economically and constitutionally within the Union. A Global UK If the United Kingdom’s goal is a Global UK then it must ensure it has a clear plan and strategy to achieve it. Foreign Development Aid The United Kingdom ranks amongst the most generous in the world in its commitment to Foreign Development Aid. According to the OECD’s Development Assistance Committee the UK is the second largest donor in cash terms and sixth largest donor in GNI contribution. This commitment is also reflected in the public support for many UK charities who work abroad. The DUP supports: The UK target of 0.7% of Gross National Income (GNI) being dedicated to Foreign Aid. The target should be on a 5-year rolling basis. The annual nature of the spending target can mean substantial amounts of money being allocated in short-time frames and poorly spent. This maintains the commitment and ensures better value for money. A proportion of this new long-term budget should be assigned for environmental work with a bond scheme considered to provide long-term investment for major initiatives such as reforestation. Regular reviews of safeguarding practices by agencies supported through foreign aid to prevent a repeat of past abuses by aid workers. Representing British Interests Effectively There must be a proactive and positive plan for UK global engagement: Maintaining a diplomatic presence across the world The UK’s influence on the world stage and ability to be an effective player is dependent on a strong global presence and a Foreign and Commonwealth Office with first class people and skills. The next government must ensure that such work is properly funded with clear goals for what the UK wants and needs to achieve. Commonwealth – The Commonwealth countries represent a global network that we have consistently underappreciated and underutilised especially on issues of trade. Many Commonwealth members are transforming economically and socially. The UK must seek to deepen these relationships both on an individual and collective basis. Defending British Sovereignty The DUP supports the people of the Falklands and Gibraltar. Their expressed desire to remain linked to the United Kingdom is admirable and must be respected and if necessary defended. Libyan Assets and Victims The weaponry supplied by the Libyan government to the PIRA cost so many lives. The DUP supports:UK victims properly compensated from the Libyan seized assets. Defending Fundamental Human Rights The DUP successfully urged the government to take seriously international human rights abuses against Christians and other faith groups. This work needs to be continued in the next Parliament through: Retaining and strengthening role of the Special Envoy on Freedom of Religion or Belief with necessary financial and administrative support. Implementation of the recommendations of the Truro Review. Prioritising the protection of Freedom of Religion and Belief and other human rights in trade negotiations and trade deals, regardless of the UK’s future relationship with the European Union. Retaining the Foreign Secretary’s Human Rights Advisory Group, and ensure that there are at least three representatives from civil society which specialise on Freedom of Religion and Belief. Immigration system The United Kingdom should develop a points-based immigration system that will be built around attracting the best of global talent to the United Kingdom and addressing the skills gaps within our labour market. The system must also address localised labour needs through not only a national skills gap list but supplementary lists for the constituent parts of the United Kingdom. Our Green and Pleasant Land The primary custodians of our rural areas are the farming community. Their commitment and strength of connection to their farms and businesses are vital to sustaining rural communities, producing high quality food and improving our environment. Farming and Fisheries support The DUP has a clear vision for our farmers and is committed to ensuring the necessary policy and financial support to enable all of the different sectors to become more profitable, sustainable and productive. During the last Parliament through our Confidence and Supply Agreement we secured commitments to the same level of direct support in cash terms as currently received through the Common Agriculture Policy. We also ensured that the needs of our farmers are reflected in the forthcoming UK Agriculture Bill and will continue to make changes to the Bill in preparation for the UK leaving the European Union. Future agriculture policy is best delivered through devolution reflecting the needs of each constituent part of the United Kingdom. The Agriculture Bill allows this flexibility. In order to take full advantage of this opportunity and keep our farming and food sector moving forward we want to see devolution restored and a local minister in charge of developing that new vision for agriculture. It is regrettable that we do not have willing partners with whom to form an Executive at Stormont. As we leave the EU we will have the opportunity to shape a new agricultural policy to produce the amounts of food we want, to the standards we need, to make our environment better and deliver on climate change goals. The DUP believes: Currently direct support for farms under the CAP is linked to land holding. We believe that this should change and that future government policy needs to reflect the national need for food security and rewarding productive, sustainable farming systems and proven environmental benefit. Future agriculture support should be outside the Barnett formula – the significance and differences of farming communities across the UK cannot be reflected through a basic formula. Funding allocations made to agriculture and related areas must be ring fenced in any future budget decisions. Increase in support UK contributions to CAP are greater than what UK farmers receive. That additional funding should, in the first instance, be ring fenced for agriculture and be directed at delivering efficiencies, adapting to changes in markets, increasing profitability on family farms and delivering high environmental and animal welfare standards. A Free and Fair Trade policy – We want to see a trade policy that opens up opportunity for our agri food businesses and farming communities. At the same time, we recognise that the UK market is lucrative for those seeking trading arrangements in a post Brexit scenario. We must ensure that sensitive sectors like agriculture are afforded protection in our new trade policy. The DUP will not support trade agreements that allow the UK market to be flooded with products that do not meet the high standards of food safety, environmental and animal welfare standards that are demanded of our farmers. While the DUP will work to secure a Free Trade Agreement with the EU in a post Brexit scenario if this is not realised we believe that the UK tariff schedule should ensure reciprocal tariffs are placed on all agri food products which are imported from the EU. We would also place a much more sustainable Tariff Rate Quota and Tariff Rate on all imports from the rest of the world to ensure UK farmers have a level playing field for competition. DEFRA in particular must strengthen its ability to open new export markets for British produce across the world we would urge the Government to build upon the work they have done in recent years by employing more staff in this area, greater advertising presence and conduct significantly more trade missions. Government must also do more in terms of encouraging British people to buy British through more and better advertising campaigns and revisiting Government procurement priorities. Fairness and transparency in the food supply chain is essential. Far too often farmers find themselves to be the weakest actors within the chain and are at the mercy of large supermarkets, food processors and the food service sector who dictate price. This has been especially true for the beef sector in recent months. The powers of the Supermarket Ombudsman Office needs to be revisited and strengthened so that unfair practices are tackled. Reform of the tax treatment of Conacre land should be undertaken so that there is a greater incentive for land owners to release land for productive farming. We believe that animal heath schemes, like the BVD eradication scheme, provide an important vehicle to driving efficiency on farms. This should be widened out to include Johne’s disease in cattle. Tackling TB also needs a holistic approach, continuing with the status quo will not solve the problem and is at a massive cost to the taxpayer. With the importance of reforestation, the new programme must encourage tree-planting and make agro-forestry a realistic and viable option for farmers and landowners with the necessary re-skilling programmes to enable them to re-focus their land use. The DUP is committed to an end to the remote management from Brussels and a new beginning for the fishing industry, to achieve this we will support: a new fisheries bill for the UK which will ensure that we take back control of our territorial waters, secure fair quota arrangements through annual fisheries agreements, prioritise access to UK inshore zones to UK fishing vessels and deliver an environmentally responsible and sustainable fisheries management regime. In order to grow the opportunity for our fishing industry we will work with national and local government to improve facilities at harbours within Northern Ireland so that greater amounts of our catch can be landed and processed at local ports thereby boasting the local economy and employment prospects in coastal areas. Protecting Our National Natural Wealth Our land, our waters and our air are our natural wealth. It is a common desire that these should be passed on to the next generation in better condition than we found them. Many of the issues around the environment do not stop at the boundaries of the constituent parts of the United Kingdom nor the borders of the United Kingdom. The integrated nature of our economy reinforces the need to work together and work well. Therefore, we believe a national approach to environmental protection is what is needed. The Food Standards Agency is a non-ministerial government department. This enables it to have: a sufficient degree of independence from government greater and more diverse range of expertise than regional organisations could attract and sustain. provides proper regional structures and integration into a national framework. prevents duplication and ‘silo’ mentality. provides a common framework of enforcement. This helps maintain a level playing field for businesses across the UK. The DUP believes this is the appropriate model and supports: An Office of Environmental Protection based on the FSA model. This will provide the best use of resources, access to highest expertise, best crisis management and a consistency of approach. Northern Ireland has led the way in the United Kingdom in reducing the use of plastic bags through the levy but we must do more at every level to reduce our dependence on single use plastic of all kinds and reduce its pollution of our seas and the ensuing dangers to wildlife. The UK’s Net Zero Target – Northern Ireland’s Contribution to a Just Transition The United Kingdom is a world leader on climate action and this was reflected in Parliament’s decision to increase our CO2 target from 80% of 1990 levels to Net Zero. The significance and scale of this change should not be underestimated. With the exception of sustaining the NHS, it is the greatest long-term policy and financial challenge for all levels of government for decades to come. If poorly planned and implemented, these shifts in all aspects of our lives can have a disproportionately negative impact on poorer sections of the community and poorer regions of the UK. With higher levels of poverty and presently one of the less well-developed regions of the United Kingdom, this means it is vital for Northern Ireland that: The national commitment is implemented fairly and properly resourced. The transition and transformation this involves must be a just one for poorer sections of the community and regions. Same Distance Travelled Each constituent part of the United Kingdom’s work on climate action must be based on the distinct opportunities and challenges they face. The Committee on Climate Change (CCC) recognises this and has recommended different targets for the four constituent parts of the UK that would still enable the nation to achieve its Net Zero target. The same distance travelled in each part of the UK will deliver the national target but not require a common local target everywhere. It must be recognised that Northern Ireland is the UK region with the greatest distance to travel and sectors that will be the most difficult to transform. In the recent CCC report on Net Zero, it recommended a target for Northern Ireland of 78-80% reduction in CO2 by 2050. However, with no Assembly or Executive it has never been asked for a formal recommendation. The DUP will: Support a Northern Ireland Executive request for a formal recommendation from the CCC on a CO2 2050 target. Adopt that target and use the Programme for Government and the strategies and plans that flow from it to put it into practical action. Cleaner Transport and Cleaner Air The primary challenge of transport and air quality is tackling the pollution from diesel engines and older vehicles. This can be achieved by: Bringing forward the ban on sale of all new conventionally powered petrol and diesel cars to 2035. A Diesel Scrappage Scheme targeted at cities and regions adopting Ultra Low Emission Zones or where diesel ownership levels are greater than 30% of domestic vehicles. Require the installation, checking and cleaning of particulate matter filters on all petrol cars through the annual Ministry of Transport (MOT) test. This is a very low-cost measure. The development of a national Compressed National Gas Fuel network for HGVs, buses and coaches. A New Long-Term National Defence Approach The DUP does not believe that the current defence arrangements for the United Kingdom are adequate enough to cope with either the existing or the emerging threats of the 21st Century. It is clear from the decision-making of the Ministry of Defence that they do not have confidence in its own Defence and National Security Reviews. Part of our Confidence and Supply Agreement was a commitment to the UK maintaining the NATO target of 2% of GDP for the Defence Budget. However, this was always a minimum target, a floor not a ceiling, and 2% is significantly below the traditional proportion of GDP that the UK has spent on defence. While the public discussion has focused on the impact of public spending restrictions over the last decade defence has seen a steady reduction over 30 years. The result is the British military industrial complex is no longer in a position to reconstitute large numbers of manpower or materiel to meet the needs of a national crisis. Therefore, Defence needs to embark on a medium-term strategy of enhanced investment to restore the size of our Armed Forces to a position that more accurately reflects the threats we face and the strategic ambition to retain P5 status at the UN and play a leading role in NATO. We must always retain the capacity to operate independently in the national interest when required whilst ensuring that we offer credible support to our key strategic ally, the US, and other partners. Conflicts in the Middle East, instability in Eastern Europe, international terrorism and the proliferation of cyber-attacks illustrate the multiplicity of threats, both conventional and unconventional, and not just from states but also trans-national groups of linked terror movements. This is further exacerbated by the displacements of large numbers of refugees within which small numbers of those with malevolent intent seek to hide. This places additional burdens on the defence, security and intelligence apparatus of the country. There is an ever-greater need to strengthen the ability of our forces to deploy rapidly and to adapt to new threats. The dissident Republican terrorist threat is a major concern to all our citizens in Northern Ireland and Great Britain. The intelligence community and our security forces must be given a budget and rules of engagement that enable them not only to gather the intelligence required to deter the threat from Republican splinter groups but also to actively pursue such terrorists and defeat them. This is the DUP’s Plan to strengthen the UK’s defences and support service personnel and veterans. 1. National strategic defence & security review Post-Brexit, the UK must reconsider its strategic position in terms of Defence and Security. Government needs to give a clear strategic vision of the UK’s place in the world and our strategic aims and ambitions. A Review needs to be conducted, independent of government, in order that we have an honest assessment of our current capability and capacity. That will generate a clear indication of the ‘gap’ between what we need to do and what we are currently able to do. Then decisions can be taken about the level of funding required to close the ‘gap’ or the level of risk Government is willing to take on National Security. 2. 2% plus spending target – A new UK target for Defence spending The National Strategic Defence and Security Review would be the basis to establish a new UK defence spending, a target we call ‘2% plus’ to plan for systematic defence spending increases. In addition to this new target there should be a long-term (5 year) capital settlement for equipment needs of the Armed Forces. This will enable better planning, sustainable defence contracts and as a result greater value for money. 3. Full implementation of the Armed Forces Covenant across the United Kingdom Northern Ireland is a part of the United Kingdom with both an immense contribution to, and debt to, our Armed Forces for the protection they provided in the successful execution of Operation Banner. This is partly why fulfilling the Military Covenant is particularly important for us. We believe that the Military Covenant should be reviewed and updated. The DUP supports the introduction of the Office for Veterans Affairs to co-ordinate cross government efforts to ensure the Covenant is fully implemented. The DUP is conscious how equality legislation in Northern Ireland has been used to hamper the fulfilment of both the spirit and the practical elements of the Covenant here. It wishes to see this situation ended and veterans in Northern Ireland to be treated equally to veterans right across the United Kingdom. The DUP also believes that British military veterans living in the Republic of Ireland should also have unfettered access to the benefits of the Covenant. For serving soldiers the DUP supports the recommendation of the Defence Select Committee to remove Crown Protection to force action to reduce deaths in training. 4. Maintaining our independent nuclear deterrent, and tackling nuclear proliferation The DUP supports the UK’s independent nuclear deterrent and will continue to support Trident’s renewal. We believe the UK should use all international forums to completely overhaul the approaches to counter proliferation and prevent the likes of Iran and North Korea developing and further proliferating such capabilities. We believe that all of the funding of the nuclear deterrent programme should be ring-fenced outside of the Defence budget, recognising the unique nature of this National critical strategic asset. 5. Playing a full role in international military and security relationships The DUP supports our participation in NATO but shares the American concerns that other members are consistently failing to fulfil the minimum spending target. The development of the European Union Defence Force attempts to hide this chronic underinvestment, and contributes to incoherent responses to threats already dealt with by existing international structures such as NATO and the United Nations. 6. A Cybersecurity leader for the United Kingdom Cyber activity continues to evolve as a dominant threat to global security. The knowledge economy in Northern Ireland has developed a cybersecurity specialism and DUP believes this is a critical area where Northern Ireland could contribute to countering the growing threat to national and global security. We support the expansion of cybersecurity research and the creation of a National Cyber Security ‘hub’ in Northern Ireland. 7. Investing in a success story – Northern Ireland and Reserve Forces The contribution and role of Reserve Forces is a key element of Defence capability. Northern Ireland’s contribution to UK reserves is disproportionate to our size and this contribution needs to be matched by the necessary investment in facilities and infrastructure in Northern Ireland. The DUP wants a £15m investment package to upgrade reserve training facilities at Ballykinler, Enniskillen, Ballymena, Coleraine, Londonderry and Belfast. As recognition of past service the DUP will support: A new Combined Military Museum for Northern Ireland in partnership with national museums to develop a prestigious tourist attraction. 8. A review of the present terrorism legislation The DUP believes that considering the multifaceted evolving and insidious nature of the terrorist threat it is time to review whether present arrangements need to be updated or upgraded. This review should include: An updated legal framework for intelligence led anti-terrorism investigations and operations in the UK A UK wide definition of a victim which excludes perpetrators. Changes to the glorification of terrorism offences with an examination of the 20-year time limit. Consideration of Intelligence and Security Committee membership representing all regions of the UK 9. Legal Protections for Soldiers and Veterans The fundamental failures of the Iraq Historical Investigations Team (IHAT) and the disproportionate focus upon security personnel in Legacy Investigations demonstrate a clear need to provide better protections for those who saw active service or contributed to the fight against terrorism. With IHAT veterans hounded on a series of false allegations and in Northern Ireland Legacy Cases almost all security force related deaths are being reinvestigated while only a fraction of paramilitary killings have been. The Defence Select Committee proposed a Qualified Statute of Limitations. The DUP recognises the importance of all service personnel upholding the very highest standards in order to maintain the reputation of the forces and the colleagues they serve alongside. We are supportive in principle of exploring protections for the armed forces where they would not lead to an amnesty or be restricted to operations outside the United Kingdom. 10. Valuing Soldiers’ Service The condition and maintenance of much Army housing is unacceptable. Decent housing provision for Service personnel and their families should be the minimum not the target. The DUP supports: A new long-term plan for Army housing and maintenance of stock. Armed Forces Personnel, born outside the United Kingdom, should be welcomed when they choose to settle in the UK. The DUP supports: Waiving indefinite leave to remain fees for former service personnel and their families applying to take up their right to settle here. 11. Resisting attempts to rewrite the past. Ninety percent of those who died during the Troubles were killed by paramilitaries yet the balance of investigations is disproportionately against former police officers and soldiers. A one-sided approach only serves those who want to re-write the past and glorify terrorism. It is only natural that the public are outraged to see former soldiers who stood against the brutal terrorism of the seventies and eighties instigated by the IRA, now being hounded while those who hid behind balaclavas to avoid justice are given ‘hero’ status and places on Policing Boards. Our troubled past can only be dealt with effectively in an honest and holistic manner, not the partial way republicans would wish. Government needs to ensure terrorists are pursued, with full police powers to conduct effective and comprehensive investigations and arrest suspects. We will do everything we can to assist innocent victims to obtain a measure of justice. 12. Bringing Armed Forces Day to Northern Ireland It is unacceptable that Northern Ireland has never hosted the main national event for Armed Forces Day in the UK. The DUP wish to see Northern Ireland host the main national event at some point in the life of the next Parliament and regularly thereafter. It would be a welcome addition to a programme of events to celebrate Northern Ireland’s Centenary in 2021. Next Generation Unionism With Northern Ireland’s centenary less than two years away, we are seeking to develop a long-term vision for Unionism and Northern Ireland beyond 2021. The Northern Ireland of today differs markedly to how it was at the founding of the state back in 1921, or compared to 1971, or even since the Belfast and St Andrews Agreements. The composition of society is different. Demographics and attitudes have changed. We have new migrant communities. The role of women has transformed. The influence of faith across society is diminishing. Our world feels much smaller as the result of more accessible travel and greater connectivity. The UK has changed and continues to change, as does the Republic of Ireland. The inherent strength of the United Kingdom has been its ability to evolve. It has consistently achieved the balance between change and abiding by the founding principles of the Acts of Union. As we leave the European Union, it is time again to discuss the next steps in how we develop the United Kingdom, strengthen the institutions and traditions that bind us and protect our democracy. In terms of political institutions, the DUP supports immediate action to: Repeal the Fixed Term Parliament Act – this legislation has shown itself not to be fit for purpose and should be repealed. Reform political donations – The differential treatment of donations in Northern Ireland should end. Parliament should promote openness, transparency and fairness in political donations by implementing the same regime across the UK. Carry on with practices to reduce the membership of the House of Lords. Withhold expenses and allowances from Members who fail to represent their constituents fully within the Parliamentary Chamber. UK cabinet to meet at least once a year in Belfast and when re-established to meet twice yearly with the Northern Ireland Executive. By the end of the Parliamentary term: A National Convention for the Union underpinned by a committee comprising representatives from the four constituent parts of the UK to map out a new vision for the Union. Expand the role and importance of the underutilised British Irish Council based upon the Nordic Council model. Overhaul the Joint Ministerial Committee, or replace it with a more effective alternative for co-ordination and collaborative working between HMG and devolved governments. National UK Departments to carry out administrative operations in Northern Ireland. Legislation to support the democratic process across the UK by reducing the scope for voter fraud. Legislation to reform the House of Lords making it: Smaller than the House of Commons. The election of two-thirds of its membership through a list system with seats allocated on the basis of strengthening the regional representation. Reform its practices and traditions to reflect the changes in its representation. In terms of cultural wealth and linkages the DUP supports: The establishment of an organisation to promote and encourage interaction, dialogue, and practical collaboration around our British identity and developing deeper relationships between all parts of the UK, be they cultural, business, sporting or any other sphere. We envisage a new body or structure that would have a wealth of opportunities for research, education, advocacy, media, conferences and exhibitions. Cultural connections could be a key part of its work. National Access to our National Cultural Wealth National cultural institutions have become less London centric but they remain too England centric Access to our national cultural wealth is not enjoyed equally, and what practical barriers do exist do not justify this. The DUP supports a new National Cultural Wealth Plan to increase touring exhibitions, display artefacts in other national museums and create shared exhibition space across the UK for the likes of the Imperial War Museum, V&A or Tate Gallery to place long and short-term exhibitions. Our 12 Point Plan To Get Northern Ireland Moving Again Let’s Get the Assembly Moving Again Delivery from Westminster is much needed but its impact is impaired by no Assembly. The DUP want to work with others to secure a balanced deal and we remain willing to set up an Executive immediately. Let’s Get Our NHS and Mental Health Services Moving Again Developing next generation healthcare by implementing Bengoa and investing in new services, GPs and health staff, tackling waiting lists, embracing AI and new technology and prioritising prevention. A new future for mental health services by boosting prevention, leading on trauma and increasing investment to transform services. Let’s Get Our Schools Moving Again Ensure the Barnett uplift in education gets to school budgets; lifting the burden of bureaucracy on principals and teachers; an action plan on Adverse Childhood Experiences; and 30 hours for 38 weeks childcare provision for 3-4 year olds. Let’s Get Our Economy Moving Again The Assembly and Westminster has helped deliver a jobs revolution in Northern Ireland. Now it is time to do the same for skills and productivity backed up by infrastructure investment and a business rates system fit for our modern economy. We want to see a sensible Brexit deal but no borders in the Irish Sea. Let’s Continue Protecting the Vulnerable The DUP were the first advocates of a mitigations package for Welfare. We want an Assembly back to produce a new package based on expert advice and end the ‘Cliff Edge’ created by Sinn Fein’s boycott. Let’s Protect Mothers & Unborn Life Again The dangerous vacuum of law and guidance created by the Creasy amendment. This must be matched by promoting a culture of choosing life in Northern Ireland through perinatal services and valuing children through baby boxes and childcare. Let’s Protect Our Green and Pleasant Land The DUP is committed to passing on our natural wealth to the next generation in a better state than we found it with a new Environmental strategy and action on air, land and water pollution. We will support our farmers and rural communities. Let’s Protect Our Animals Better Northern Ireland to lead on animal protection in the United Kingdom with new offences and tougher sentences matched by public education. Let’s Build Stronger Communities Again Action to bolster social housing, new approaches to affordable housing and improving quality in the private let market while placing economic regeneration at the centre of community regeneration and programmes with positive social and cultural development. Let’s Lead the Way on Fighting Crime Northern Ireland to lead on justice innovation, tackle paramilitary criminality and strengthening and improving our police service. Let’s Make the Assembly Better The DUP wants an Assembly back today but any new Assembly will have to undergo far-reaching reform to deliver more and deliver better. Let’s Get Northern Ireland Celebrating Again The Centenary of Northern Ireland can become a showcase of what Northern Ireland and all its people have achieved. Positive celebrations exploring shared values with a physical legacy and commitment to the Northern Ireland we will shape for the Next Generation. Democratic Unionist Party 91 Dundela Avenue Belfast BT4 3BU www.mydup.com Email: info@mydup.com