The Northern Ireland Plan Our priorities Make Northern Ireland an economic powerhouse Deliver world class public services for our people Create a society based on fairness and opportunity for everyone Make politics and Government work better in Northern Ireland Strengthen the United Kingdom and protect and enhance our British identity We have a positive plan for Northern Ireland To deliver our plan we need a strong team of DUP MPs returned to Westminster to negotiate a good deal for Northern Ireland in the event of a hung parliament. Only a vote for the DUP will deliver our clear plan for a better Northern Ireland and a stronger United Kingdom. We want to create a shared and united Northern Ireland that is economically prosperous and plays a full and active role as part of the United Kingdom. We will use our position at Westminster to strengthen the UK and to seek the best deal for Northern Ireland. We will fight for the interests of everyone in Northern Ireland. Since devolution was restored to Northern Ireland in 2007 real progress has been made across a range of areas. Despite all of the political ups and downs, Northern Ireland is slowly but surely moving in the right direction again. Over these last eight years we have been working to secure Northern Ireland’s position within the UK, to help grow our economy, to offer opportunity to all and to build reconciliation and address the legacy of the past. This challenge has been made all the more difficult by virtue of the global economic downturn, the reduction in public expenditure available to the Northern Ireland Executive and the system of government we operate. In spite of this, things are changing for the better. The transformation is visible wherever you look. Northern Ireland is now a venue not just for international investment, but for events that would not have considered coming here just a few years ago. We have a plan for where we want Northern Ireland to be in 2021, the hundredth anniversary of Northern Ireland’s creation. We have been working to deliver it. However, the election on 7 May will give Northern Ireland the opportunity of a lifetime to transform our Province for generations. It is highly likely that after that election no single party will have enough seats to command a majority in the House of Commons. That means that the votes of our MPs could be crucial. Political commentators have consistently stated that the DUP could be crucial in what looks likely to be a hung Parliament. The DUP will use such a position to negotiate on behalf of Northern Ireland. This document sets out some of our key priorities for discussion with the parties which could form the next government. It also sets out what we will do to create the kind of Northern Ireland we all wish to see. A century ago Ulster was an economic powerhouse within the British Isles: today with the right investment, policies and dedication we have the potential to create the conditions where we can be so once again. To do so we need help from Westminster and we need to take bold steps at home as well. The influence that we may have after this election gives us the once in a lifetime opportunity to transform our economic fortunes for generations to come. In doing so we are building on firm foundations that have been laid over the last few years. In 2007 we made growing our economy the Executive’s number one priority. The restoration of devolution to Northern Ireland has created the peace and political stability to encourage foreign direct investment at record levels. In fact despite the worldwide economic downturn more jobs have been created in Northern Ireland over the last four years than at any time in recorded history. Global businesses establishing in Northern Ireland are now the norm rather than the exception. Our claimant count has been falling for over 25 months and our headline rate of unemployment is broadly in line with the UK average. For the first time in many years Northern Ireland is emerging from an economic downturn alongside, rather than after the rest of the UK. After years of campaigning we managed to persuade the UK Government to allow the Assembly to set a Northern Ireland Corporation Tax Rate and previously had secured the devolution of Air Passenger Duty for longhaul flights. We have attracted international events to Northern Ireland from the Giro d’Italia to the Irish Open Golf and from the European MTV Awards to the World Police and Fire Games. We have invested in our tourism infrastructure with signature projects such as Titanic Belfast and the Giant’s Causeway Visitor Centre and of course Northern Ireland is now known worldwide as the home of the hit HBO television series, ‘Game of Thrones’. With the right support we can build upon the important work that has been done in recent years to make sure that Northern Ireland once again plays its part as an economic driver within the United Kingdom. Make Northern Ireland an economic powerhouse More satisfactory terms in relation to Corporation Tax; FROM  WESTMINSTER,  WE  WANT: LOCALLY,  WE  WILL: The national debt and deficit addressed in a way which secures economic growth and longterm prosperity while protecting essential public services; UK wide tax policy improvements to encourage economic growth in Northern Ireland; Assistance from the UK Government to attract FDI into Northern Ireland; Northern Ireland businesses to be in a position to get a fair share of national government contracts; Increased infrastructure investment to assist us in preparing Northern Ireland for the future; Enhanced connectivity to Great Britain including guaranteeing direct access from Northern Ireland to London’s hub airports; Help from the UK Government to market Northern Ireland internationally through its agencies and Embassies across the world; The UK Government to encourage international events to Northern Ireland; Northern Ireland prominently incorporated into UK branding; Ensure that Northern Ireland maintains its 100% regional aid status; Support to help reduce electricity costs for business customers; Innovate UK to establish a Northern Ireland presence; Ensure that schemes developed by the British Business Bank are tailored to suit Northern Ireland. Make Northern Ireland the most attractive region in the whole of western Europe to invest in; Set a low rate of Corporation Tax in Northern Ireland for the longterm from 2017; Freeze the nondomestic Regional Rate in real terms to help local businesses; Promote 25,000 new jobs by 2020; Balance our budget each and every year; Continue to make growing our economy the number one priority; Create the environment in Northern Ireland where local business can prosper; Provide a well educated and skilled workforce; Take the decisions to make sure our people can take advantage of new economic opportunities; Remove the barriers to economic growth; Reform our planning system; Build more economic and transport infrastructure for the future; Continue to invest in our tourism infrastructure; Bring international events to Northern Ireland; Put Northern Ireland on the map internationally and attract visitors from abroad. One of the most important duties of any government is to deliver high quality public services. This task is challenging given the increasing expectations and increased demand and the reduction in public expenditure available to Northern Ireland. However, despite the difficulties we have sought to meet the needs of our people by prioritising our key public services, saving money by cutting waste and by reforming the services that we deliver. With the reduction in public expenditure over recent years we have had to prioritise what we need most and focus on what matters most to our people. In spite of the £1.5 billion reduction, in real terms, in the funding we receive in Northern Ireland, over the last eight years we have made health and education our top two priorities in terms of public expenditure. As a result we have increases in spending on health by 33% and education by 23% since 2007. That has allowed us to make sure we spend the money available to us on the areas that matter most to the general public. As part of this process we have set ambitious targets in terms of achieving savings across government departments. As a result in the last two Assembly terms savings of over £4 billion have been achieved to free up money from important frontline services. Those savings have been critical to ensuring we continue to deliver the best quality public services. Since the restoration of devolution we have also invested more in capital spending in areas such as schools, hospitals and roads than at any point in our history. That has meant more new schools, hospitals and roads and other key capital infrastructure. The Northern Ireland Executive has also undertaken a significant programme of public sector reform with major changes in education administration, the health service and in local government. These decisions will allow more resources to be targeted on front line services and less on administration in future years. We have played our part in making the best use of the resources that are available to us but it is always the dedication and commitment of those who work in the public sector that ensures world class public services can be delivered. The challenges of delivering world class public services will only increase in the years to come but with support from Westminster and the right decisions taken at home we can not only meet but exceed expectations of our people. Deliver world class public services for our people A budget settlement which will allow real term increases in health and education spending over the next five years without decimating other key public services; Capital investment to make our schools and hospitals fit for the twenty first century; Assistance to reform and transform our public services. Prioritise spending on health, education and growing the economy; Set ambitious targets to cut wasteful spending; Reform the delivery of public services to ensure that they meet the needs and expectations of the public; Advance an ambitious egovernment agenda, seeking to deliver an increasing number of public services via digital and online channels, making services more accessible to citizens; Implement new and innovative sources of financing for infrastructure projects and the third sector; Expand the scope and scale of Northern Ireland's government shared services system; Develop a comprehensive Civil Service Reform Plan with the aim of achieving a public sector fit for the challenges of the 21st Century; Continue to construct a public sector reform architecture that enables the Northern Ireland Executive to adopt innovative solutions to public service challenges. One of our key goals has been to ensure that everyone can benefit from the new era that Northern Ireland has now entered and no one is left behind. That means there must be the opportunity for everyone to succeed and a fair and level playing field for all. This approach will not only create a society based on fairness but it will maximise the interests of Northern Ireland as a whole. We have been working to achieve the twin goals of fairness and opportunity for all in recent years through a range of measures. Through the Stormont House Agreement we sought to deliver affordable changes to the welfare system that would protect the most vulnerable but would also encourage people back to work. That includes ensuring that the bedroom tax is not in operation in Northern Ireland. In dealing with the issue of welfare reform it is vital that we keep the proper balance between enhancing the GB welfare system and the protection of frontline public services. We have sought to keep higher education open to all by keeping student fees much lower than in England. Through the Social Investment Fund we have worked with communities to deliver programmes tailored to meet their specific needs. Through Delivering Social Change we have invested in measures such as additional support for children to deliver good GCSE results. We are working on a revolutionary new Childcare system that could help transform the sector. We have extended support for older people including through the free transport scheme. To encourage opportunity for all, in education we have also retained selection based on academic ability and not the ability to pay. In the departments for which we have responsibility we are doing everything within the law to ensure that our Armed Forces, veterans and dependants have every possible support. We have also ensured that local household taxes in Northern Ireland are significantly lower than anywhere else in the UK and have resisted the introduction of Water Charges. While we have achieved much in this area we will need the help and support of Westminster to deliver on some of our key outstanding objectives. Create a society based on fairness and opportunity for everyone Welfare Reform to incentivise work but also protect those most in need; FROM  WESTMINSTER,  WE  WANT: The removal of the bedroom tax at a national level; A national entitlement to enhanced support for members of the Armed Forces across the United Kingdom; Victims and Members of the Armed Forces, serving and retired to be given protected status, akin to the protection for groups under Section 75 of the Northern Ireland Act; A UK wide definition of a victim which excludes perpetrators; To ensure economic migrants must have contributed to the UK before they are entitled to claim benefits; Proper border controls and a tougher immigration policy; A UK wide charter for animal protection. Give additional support to those individuals and communities that need help; Ensure we protect those most in genuine need through our welfare system; Work to expand affordable childcare for working families; Create an education system that guarantees a fair start and opportunity for every child; Make Higher Education affordable for all; Prioritise the needs of our older people through anti discrimination legislation; Protect existing benefits for older people such as free bus passes; Help families by keeping household taxes the lowest in the United Kingdom; Be tough on crime; Support tougher sentences for those who attack older people and vulnerable people. For the first time in generations, despite all of the challenges and difficulties, Northern Ireland has had almost eight years of uninterrupted devolution. Given the history of the last fifty years this is in itself a remarkable achievement. During this time we have overcome many problems and have put in place arrangements that have been robust and stable. We do not seek to do anything which will threaten the long term stability of the political institutions however, we must now make sure that it works better in delivering for the people we represent. In seeking to create a better system of government we should remember the progress that we have made. The St Andrews Agreement corrected some of the key flaws of the Belfast Agreement but we continue to work towards more normal politics in Northern Ireland. As a result of these changes important decisions require Executive approval and we have a veto over all big issues. After years of debate and dispute we negotiated appropriate arrangements which allowed Policing and Justice powers to be passed to the Assembly in 2010 on a basis which requires the Justice Minister to be able to command a cross community majority and have operated well since . For many years we have campaigned for changes to how devolution operates. Some of these objectives were delivered as part of the talks process which concluded last Christmas. The Stormont House Agreement made provision for a reduction in the number of MLAs which will take effect no later than 2021. It also agreed to create arrangements for an official opposition at Stormont and better processes for the Executive. We have agreed a reduction in the number of government departments from twelve to nine and a reordering of functions to improve the delivery of public services. This will also mean a fundamental change and to OFMDFM and a more strategic focus with a new name, ‘The Executive Office.’ For us to deliver the kind of changes and improvements we want to see we will need the support of Westminster to make sure that politics operates better in Northern Ireland. Make politics and Government work better in Northern Ireland Support to strengthen the political process in Northern Ireland; Constitutional stability for Northern Ireland; Legislation to reform the structure of government in Northern Ireland; The principle of devolution to be respected by Westminster; A guaranteed seat at the Cabinet for a Secretary of State for Northern Ireland; An agreed guaranteed minimum level of representation for Northern Ireland in the House of Commons; Allowances removed from parties who refuse to attend the House of Commons; No side deals with Republicans; A level playing field by banning all political donations from outside the UK. Deliver strong and stable government; Secure the improved level of peace and political progress that has been made; Make politics work for the benefit of the people; Implement the changes to government set out in the Stormont House Agreement; Work to provide for an Official Opposition at Stormont; Work with other parties to agree further improvements to government in Northern Ireland; Advocate an end to the present divisive community designation arrangements in the Assembly; Seek to persuade others to end mandatory coalition government in Northern Ireland; Campaign to cut the cost of government and reduce its size; Work to maximise public confidence in the political institutions in Northern Ireland. Support for Northern Ireland’s constitutional position within the United Kingdom has never been higher. The number of people who want to see a united Ireland in either the short or the medium term is at an all time low. The constitutional future of Northern Ireland has been settled for generations to come. This has been achieved by agreeing political structures in Northern Ireland that can command crosscommunity support and by ensuring everyone can play a full part in our society and community. While we should never be complacent about what has been achieved, the focus must now move to strengthen the United Kingdom as a whole and to enhance our British identity in Northern Ireland. Our place as a key and integral part of the United Kingdom has been highlighted in recent years by the decision to host the G8 at Lough Erne, the visit of Her Majesty to Stormont in 2012 and the enormous role our people continue to play in the Armed Services. Northern Ireland plays its full part alongside Scotland and Wales in intergovernmental relations within the United Kingdom and every aspect of our government remains linked to Westminster. Despite the opposition of Sinn Fein the work of the National Crime Agency is also being extended to Northern Ireland. At Westminster our MPs have been at the forefront of the campaign for a referendum on the European Union and in defence of our Armed Forces. They continue to play a key and critical role in the decisions, which affect our nation as a whole. We have built strong and solid relationships with both major Westminster parties to allow us to maximise our influence whatever the outcome of the general election. In Northern Ireland we are working with other unionist parties to maximise unionist representation at Westminster and to deliver on the many areas of policy where we can find agreement. While there is much we can do in Northern Ireland, some of these issues can only be delivered with the help of Westminster. Strengthen the United Kingdom and protect and enhance our British identity A fair deal for all four parts of the United Kingdom to strengthen the Union; Protection in law for the official display of the Union Flag and the symbols of our nation; National events to celebrate the centenary of Northern Ireland in 2021 and to commemorate the Battle of the Somme; National UK departments to carry out administrative operations in Northern Ireland; A new relationship between the regional administrations and the National Government; Arrangements to ensure Northern Ireland’s perspective is taken into account across Government and direct access to decision makers; Northern Ireland’s priorities promoted in Europe; A renegotiation of the UK’s role in Europe and an early referendum on the European Union; Commit to the NATO target of spending 2% of GDP on defence; No partisan political deals which would weaken the United Kingdom; Legislation for a new way forward on parading which respects the fundamental rights of assembly. Play our full part in the National Parliament at Westminster; Play a constructive role in UKwide intergovernmental relations; Make sure Northern Ireland continues to contribute to the life of the nation; Sell the benefits of the United Kingdom to the widest possible audience in Northern Ireland; Display the flag and symbols of our nation appropriately and with respect; Support the roll out of national programmes in Northern Ireland; Work with other unionists to maximise our power and influence at home and abroad; Work to reduce Northern Ireland’s economic dependence on Westminster; Act responsibly and in the interest of the country as a whole when taking decisions which would have an impact nationally; Work to ensure disputes around parades and protests are resolved; At every level of government in Northern Ireland defend our British cultural heritage; Campaign to highlight the benefits of the Union to Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland to the Union.