Introduction to Our ManifestoSuzanne Evans Deputy Chair, Policy//At the last general election, leaving the European Union was UKIP’s dream. //When we produced the UK’s first ever fully costed and independently verified manifesto, we outlined a vision of how strong and democratic Britain could be if we grasped the opportunity to become an independent, sovereign nation once again. //  Now, Article 50 has been triggered, and we dare to believe our dream will become reality within the next two years. //UKIP sets out in this manifesto six ‘Brexit Tests’ which need to be passed before we can say we are finally free of the EU. // Whoever forms the next government must take note. //While some parties tear up their previous manifestos, UKIP is a party that likes to stick to its principles. // The £35 billion we will use to finance our public spending priorities has again come from reasonable cuts to the foreign aid budget, // scrapping HS2, // amending the Barnett Formula// and the savings we will make in two years’ time by leaving the EU. // For the second general election in a row, UKIP’s spending proposals do not involve raising any taxes. //UKIP’s policies have been developed not to catch the public imagination – although we think they will – but to deliver what Britain really needs// and what we can afford. // These are our spending priorities for the next parliament: Invest an extra £11 billion every year into the NHS and social care by the end of the next parliament, //raising caps on medical school and nurse training places, // and increasing funding for mental health and dementia//•Raise the threshold for paying income tax to £13,500, // cut taxes for middle earners, // abolish the TV licence //and cut VAT on household bills//•Scrap tuition fees for science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and medicine students//•Provide up to 100,000 new homes for younger people every year//•Maintain all pensioner benefits and the pensions Triple Lock//•Protect disability and carer’s benefits//•Spend a genuine two per cent of GDP on defence, plus £1 billion every year//•Fund 20,000 more police officers, // 7,000 more prison officers, // and 4,000 more border force staff //•Revive our coastal communities and fishing villages//•Cut Business Rates for the smallest businesses//•Commission a dedicated hospital ship to assist our armed forces// and deliver humanitarian medical assistance worldwide//Then there are the policies that only UKIP is prepared to commit to: reducing net migration to zero, // putting integration at the top of the political agenda, // abolishing the House of Lords// and creating an English parliament. //Our country needs radical social, // economic, // and democratic change. // Brexit heralds a huge potential to shake things up, //but it will take a political party like UKIP to stand up to the tyranny of the status quo, // if we are really to pull Britain Together. Brexit Britain: The Key Tests UKIP has set out six key Brexit tests and until each one of them has been met, we will not have the Brexit the British people voted for on  23rd June last year. One of the most crucial tests is regaining the fishing rights Britain has under international law. The Conservatives already look to be backsliding on this. More than 17 million of us voted ‘Leave,’ giving the government the largest democratic mandate in the history of  British politics. There should be no question of turning back, yet the Tories are leaving the door to the EU wide open. UKIP is the only party that will genuinely respect the referendum result. Gerard Batten MEP, Brexit Spokesman UKIP believes the UK should have already left the EU, and that following the Article 50 process will lead us to make too many concessions to Brussels. Theresa May has already shown signs of capitulating on key issues such as immigration and freeing the UK from the jurisdiction of the European Courts. What concessions will she make next? Theresa May should not be allowing the EU to influence how, when, and on what terms we leave. Ours is a position of inherent strength, and we should be acting from that position of strength, not giving up before negotiations have even begun. HOW BRITAIN COULD, AND STILL SHOULD, LEAVE THE EUROPEAN UNION Repealing the European Communities Act (1972) should be the first, not the last step in the leaving process. There is no legal or moral obligation to use Article 50; we have the legal right to withdraw from the EU unilaterally. Article 50 is a trap designed to obstruct countries from leaving the EU. The longer the leaving process lasts, the greater the chance of the Referendum decision being overturned. May’s decision not to implement the decision of the Referendum as quickly as possible, but follow a slow route that suits the EU, is very worrying. By repealing the 1972 Act we could immediately take back control of key policy areas such as immigration and border controls, fishing, farming, trade, security and defence, and police and criminal justice. All EU laws could remain in place temporarily, until they are repealed individually, amended , or allowed to stand. THE OPEN DOOR TO THE 2019 EU ELECTIONS By now, a Bill for the repeal of the European Elections Act (2002) should have been placed before parliament, to ensure no British national can stand for election to the European Parliament in 2019. This would have been a clear sign that there is no going back on Brexit, yet this has not happened. THE EU PLAN TO STOP US LEAVING Article 50 is not just a two-year process, as it makes provision for negotiations to extend for an indefinite time beyond that. We are likely to find ourselves facing protracted and tortuous negotiations with a recalcitrant, bullying EU for quite some time. The EU has no incentive to negotiate a ‘good deal’ for the UK because it does not want us to leave. The UK has massive exposure to the liabilities of the European Central Bank, the European Investment Bank, and various other ‘financial mechanisms’ of the EU so long as we remain a member. We will be expected to contribute to any Eurozone bailouts. The EU will also have to plug a huge financial hole of some 12 per cent of the gross EU budget when Britain leaves. These are just two very good reasons for the EU to keep us dangling on the hook for as long as possible. The longer the EU can keep Britain in, the greater the opportunity for a new government to reverse the referendum decision, or sign up to some kind of associated membership agreement which, to all intents and purposes, will be just like EU membership. THERE MUST BE NO COMPROMISE ON BREXIT Our government and our parliament should implement the referendum decision according to our own requirements, and then agree the terms of our separation. If Theresa May signs a withdrawal agreement which means we will leave in name but not in substance, she will have betrayed Britain to the EU, just as every Prime Minister has done since 1972. The fact that the political class is choosing to dance to Brussels’ tune proves UKIP is the only political party in Britain you can trust to deliver a true, unequivocal Brexit. Once we have left the EU, we will not allow the EU flag to be flown from public buildings. We will declare 23rd June Independence Day, and make it a bank holiday. Our SIX Brexit Tests Only when the government has passed all these tests can we be sure the British people have got the deal they voted for on June 23rd 2016: 1 THE LEGAL TEST Parliament must resume its supremacy of law-making without restriction. Britain must be completely free from the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice, and we must be free, if we wish, to relinquish our membership of the European Court of Human Rights. 2 THE MIGRATION TEST Britain must have full control of immigration and asylum policies, and border control. We must be not be bound by any freedom of movement obligation, and we must be free to set and meet our own annual migration targets. 3 THE MARITIME TEST The UK’s full maritime sovereignty must be restored and we must have control of our maritime exclusive economic zone, which stretches 200 miles off the coast or to the half-way point between the UK and neighbouring countries. There must be no constraints on our fishing fleet other than those decided upon by the UK parliament. 4 THE TRADE TEST The UK must retake its seat on the World Trade Organisation and resume its sovereign right to sign trade agreements with other entities or supra-national bodies. We must have full rights to set our own tariff and non-tariff barriers consistent with WTO rules, and we must have left both the EU single market and the customs union. 5 THE MONEY TEST We must not pay any ‘divorce’ payment to the EU, nor contribute to the EU budget. We must have been paid our share of financial assets from entities such as the European Investment Bank, in which some £9 billion of UK money is vested. 6 THE TIME TEST Brexit must be done and dusted before the end of 2019. “Our fishing industry could be worth £6.3 billion when we leave the EU. Free of the Common Fisheries Policy, we can take back full control of the seas up to 200 miles from our coast, as is our right under international law. We can start to rebuild the once- flourishing fishing industry that our membership of the EU destroyed.” Mike Hookem MEP, Fishing Spokesman RESTORING BRITAIN’S FISHING INDUSTRY Of all the tests for a ‘proper’ Brexit, taking back control of our fisheries is key. The EU’s Common Fisheries Policy is an environmental, economic and social disaster that has devastated fishing communities and caused catastrophic damage to our maritime ecology. Until we have control of our seas and our fish stocks, we do not have Brexit. The EU’s Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) was cobbled together in 1970 as Denmark, Ireland, Norway and the UK were on course to join the then EEC. Together, these countries held 90 per cent of Western European fish stocks. 80 per cent of those stocks were British. It was a cynical but legal way to seize the new entrants’ precious marine resources. The central tenet of the CFP, that there should be non-negotiable ‘equal access’ to EEC/EU waters was a condition of EEC/EU membership, Some say Prime Minister Edward Heath committed an act of treachery when he capitulated to the CFP; certainly he allowed the UK’s territorial waters to be plundered by industrialised fishing fleets, which led to huge job and tax revenue losses from fishing and ancillary industries. The CFP has rightly been described as an obscenity because of its reckless fishing quotas and the discard policy. This requires fishermen either to throw back into the seas dead fish caught over quota, or to bring them back to port and send them to landfill. Data on discards from Eurostat show discards equate to some two billion fish suppers thrown back into the sea every year. It is environmental and economic madness. Once we leave the EU, we can also leave the CFP, take back control of our seas, and rebuild our fishing industry. THE 1964 LONDON CONVENTION ON FISHING UKIP will repeal this little-known convention, an agreement between twelve European nations and the UK, which recognises the historic fishing rights of vessels from the contracting parties to fish in the band of waters between six and twelve nautical miles from the UK coast. When the EU’s Common Fisheries Policy ceases to apply, the UK will automatically establish controlof a 200-mile Exclusive Economic Zone giving our fishermen sole access to the seas within 200 miles of the UK coastline, or at the mid-point between two countries’ coastlines. However, the existence of the pre-EU 1964 Convention could offer a back door to continued EU fishing in British waters, as vessels belonging to signatory nations could cite this legislation and claim ‘historic rights’ to fishing within the 6 to 12 nautical mile band around the UK. The next government’s willingness - or otherwise - to revoke the 1964 London Convention on Fishing could be indicative of their intentions for the fishing industry in the post-Brexit era. Article 15 of the Convention calls for a two-year notice period, so time is of the essence, yet to date no action has been taken. SECURING THE FUTURE OF OUR FISHERIES Re-building our fishing industry and repatriating one of our nation’s greatest renewable resources will take time but it could be worth as much as £6.3 billion to the UK economy in net-to-plate income alone. This is a golden opportunity for Britain: our fisheries must not be used as a bargaining chip in EU exit negotiations To take back full control of our fisheries, UKIP will: Leave the CFP and withdraw from the 1964 London convention •Restore the UK Exclusive Economic Zone in accordance with international law •End the obscenity of discards and make best use of all fish caught •Introduce a time-limited, paid licence fee option for selected foreign vessels to fish within the UK’s territorial waters, while the UK fishing industry re-establishes itself •Launch an inclusive, collaborative consultation with the fishing community to draft a new Fisheries Bill •Ensure all fish caught within UK waters, including those taken by foreign vessels operating under licence, are landed and sold in the UK, to help finance and attract investment in the newly developing UK fishing industry •Create, train and equip a new Fisheries Protection Force, using a mixture of technologies in sea-and land-based methods, to police the UK’s Exclusive Economic Zone. In addition to the economic, environmental, and social gains we will make in restoring our fishing industry, Brexit also offers a unique opportunity to regenerate British boat and shipbuilding. We could develop our civil ship and boat building programme in line with the World Trade Organisation’s Trade Related Technical Assistance programme. Brexit Britain offers a host of opportunities, and nowhere more so than in our fishing industry. Reviving our proud and profitable maritime tradition will rejuvenate our seaside towns, enhance our coastline, produce much-needed skilled employment in economically depressed areas, and secure the future for British fishermen. The British PassportIn 1988, the blue British passport was scrapped and replaced by a smaller burgundy EU one, a clear step towards the creation of a United States of Europe. The British people roundly rejected this plan on 23rd June 2016.UKIP will take the opportunity to re-instate the classic blue passport when the British passport contract comes up for  renewal in 2019. Sound National Finances, a Lower Cost of Living UKIP will invest in the NHS and care for the elderly. We will fund our schools, build more houses, and rebuild our depleted armed forces. We will do this without adding a single penny to anyone’s tax bill. Our cost-of-living package will also save households £400 a year. UKIP will make full use of the new  economic freedoms we will gain when we leave the EU. The new policies we will introduce in Brexit Britain will be designed to help cut the cost of living for working people, provide adequate funding for public services, and revive communities hardest hit by our EU membership. Patrick O’Flynn MEP, Economics Spokesman Brexit means we can take back control of those important areas of economic policy we have been forced to surrender to the EU for the last forty-five years. We will resume full responsibility for taxation and have more room for manoeuvre when it comes to industrial and regional policy, without having to worry about EU ‘state aid’ rules. UKIP has always made the case for lower taxes and an end to wasteful public spending programmes. We will scrap white elephant vanity projects such as HS2, replace the out-dated Barnett Formula with a fair funding formula based on need, reduce foreign aid to 0.2 per cent of Gross National Income, and end our financial contributions to the EU budget. These savings will provide us with £35 billion to fund our public service priorities. By keeping taxation low and incentives for wealth creation high, we will unleash the hardworking, entrepreneurial instincts of the British people. CUTTING THE COST OF LIVING UKIP will remove VAT from domestic energy bills and scrap the green levies currently added to our bills to subsidise renewable energy schemes. Together, these measures will cut typical household energy bills by £ 170 a year. Our plans to abolish the TV licence will eventually save households another £147. UKIP will phase out the licence fee over three years, giving the BBC time to adopt a new funding model based on subscription and/or advertising. We will expect the BBC to retain a core free-to-air offering on Freeview, maintain the World Service, and its local radio network. Grants from a new public service broadcast fund, financed from within current government resources, will be available to any broadcaster for specific programmes or projects. We will remove VAT from hot takeaway food such as fish and chips, and from women’s sanitary products. FAIRER, LOWER TAXES Our economic approach revolves around restoring incentives for workers by cutting taxes and ending the open door immigration that keeps wages low. Reducing the tax burden on working people in the bottom and middle ranges of the income scale is our priority. By the end of the next parliament UKIP will raise the personal allowance to at least £13,500 so people can earn enough money tocover their basic living costs before the state takes anyof their income. We will alsoraise the 40 percent income tax threshold to £55,000. A tax originally designed for high earners should not be levied on middle-income professionals such as teachers and senior nurses. When economic conditions allow, we will restore the personal allowance to those earning over £100,000. UKIP will raise the inheritance tax threshold to £500,000per individual, transferable for a married couple or those in civil partnerships, so up to £1000,000 in total. Eventually we want to eliminate inheritance tax altogether. We will also scrap Tory plansfor new and punitive probate charges. FLEXIBLE PENSIONS FOR WOMEN The rise in the retirement age to 66 by 2020 and to 67 by 2028 has been hugely unpopular, especially for women, whountil 2010 could retire at 60. UKIP’s policy is to introduce a flexible state pension window, so everyone can opt to retire earlier, for a slightly lower state pension, or work longer for a slightly higher pension, as is the case at the moment. We will allow women to retire on this basis at 60, if they so wish. Time and again you will see the Conservative Party giving favourable treatment to the rich and powerful and dumping on the up-and-comers. It is not an attractive trait. UKIP’s economic agenda is to speak up not just for the left behind but for the left out, those who work hard and play by the rules but have no special connections or market power. CRACKING DOWN ON CORPORATE TAX DODGING The public has every right to be angry when multi¬national corporations fail to make their proper contribution to Britain’s running costs. PAYE is not voluntary, and corporation tax should not be voluntary either. We will not let large companies get away with paying zero or negligible corporation tax. When we leave the EU, we will close the loophole allowing businesses to pay tax in whichever EU or associated country they choose, and bring in any further measures necessary to prevent large multinational corporations using aggressive tax avoidance schemes. UKIP is not in the pockets of big businesses and we will make them pay their way. BREXIT: THE BOOST TO THE ECONOMY If Britain leaves the EU without a free trade agreement and we trade with the EU on World Trade Organisation terms, the Treasury will receive a tax windfall of some £11 billion from import tariffs annually. This bonus could be used to fund an across the board cut in VAT to compensate consumers for slightly higher prices, or other spending priorities. In this event, UKIP will also: Encourage a Buy British campaign: if the EU were seen to be punishing Britain, we believe the home market would support home produced goods Cut unnecessary EU regulation from the 88 per cent of the UK economy that is not linked to trade with EU countries Prioritise free trade agreements with non-EU countries. RETURNING TO SOUND FINANCES The annual public sector deficit may be reducing slowly, but our national debt has been doubled by the Conservatives, since they took office in 2010, to a record high. There can be no more backsliding on returning to sound public finances. We will support deficit reduction schedules put forward by the next government and vigorously oppose unnecessary spending plans. Only by backing enterprise, rewarding success and tackling waste in the public sector can we hope to improve the economic legacy we pass on to future generations. “Starbucks recently reported profits of £13.4m on a UK turnover of £380m. Its corporation tax contribution fell to £2.7m, down from £7m the year before. How can a vast business that sells coffee in paper cups all over the country for £2.50 a pop end up paying a corporation tax contribution amounting to much less than one per cent of turnover? Would the taxman be happy to accept, pro-rata, such a contribution from an independent coffee shop? I think we know the answer to that.” Patrick O’Flynn MEP Backing Business and Investing in British Jobs Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour party wants to squeeze as much tax as possible out of British businesses and British workers to pay for their outlandish ideas. Theresa May’s Conservatives are plotting hikes in dividend tax and Class IV  National Insurance contributions, and want to make small businesses file tax  returns four times a year. UKIP is the only party in this election prepared to back British businesses and British workers and help both to thrive. There needs to be a bonfire of excessive EU regulation when we leave the EU so smaller businesses can compete successfully on the global stage. UKIP is the only party that has any real appetite for this. Christopher Mills, Business Spokesman UKIP is strongly pro-business. Helping businesses start, succeed, and compete in the global marketplace is a priority for us. Having long fought against excessive regulations enforced by Brussels, we make the case for clear-cut, sensible regulation to make trading easier, balancing this with policies to encourage ethical and responsible growth. BACKING SMALL BUSINESSES Britain’s 5.5 million small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy, making up 60 per cent of the jobs in the private sector, according to the Federation of Small Businesses. UKIP will support small businesses by: Cutting business rates by 20 per cent for the 1.5 million British businesses operating from premises with a rateable value of less than £50,000 Making HM Revenue and Customs investigate big businesses or public sector bodies that repeatedly make late payments to smaller customers. Fines proportionate to the amount of delayed payments will be levied, and will escalate for repeat offenders Improve access to trade credit insurance to remove the drag on growth for businesses struggling to secure loans, and give small traders the confidence to expand their businesses Encourage local trade by pushing every local authority in the country to offer at least 30 minutes’ free parking in town centres and shopping parades. We will also freeze Insurance Premium Tax. Previous governments have raised this tax as an easy way to make extra revenue, yet it cannot be claimed back by businesses so increases have been especially tough on smaller traders. ACCESSING GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS Local, regional and national governments have immense spending power totalling around £230 billion. Backing Business and Investing in British Jobs Big businesses will have to start training the British workforce, investing in succession planning, and paying a decent living wage to all their employees. Andrew Charalambous, Work and Pensions Spokesman While in the EU, they are required to offer contracts right across Europe, which has made it harder for British businesses to compete, and forced them to jump through expensive bureaucratic hoops. Brexit offers the perfect opportunity to open up government order books to smaller businesses, and encourage local, regional and national procurement strategies that will deliver better value for taxpayers. UKIP will launch an urgent independent review of public sector procurement, with the aim of opening public sector contracts up to small and medium-sized businesses employing less than 250 people. Recommendations coming out of this review will be put in place immediately after we leave the EU. Meanwhile, we will compel all public sector bodies to list contracts worth over £10,000 on the government’s ‘Contracts Finder’ website, to help more small firms access public procurement opportunities. BACKING BRITAIN’S SELF-EMPLOYED STRIVERS It takes courage and determination to set up your own business. Many self-employed people work for less than the national living wage, especially when they start out. UKIP will stand up for Britain’s 4.8 million self-employed people. There will be no quarterly tax returns, and no increase in Class IV National Insurance or taxes for our self-employed strivers. UKIP’s goal is to keep taxes and red-tape to the minimum necessary. BRITISH JOBS FOR BRITISH WORKERS UKIP is not ashamed to say it: we should be offering jobs first to our own unemployed, rather than inviting cheap labour from overseas to do the jobs British people are perfectly able to do. Big businesses are the worst offenders here and we will prevent their deliberately overlooking the 11 per cent of young people in the UK who are currently out of work. UKIP will bring forward legislation requiring employers to advertise jobs to British citizens before they offer them overseas. It is the government’s duty to get our own unemployed off benefits and into the workplace, and improve prospects for our own people, rather than facilitate the continued importation of foreign workers. We will also ensure employers are legally free to choose to hire a young unemployed British person under the age of 25 ahead of a better qualified or more experienced foreign applicant. Employers who wish to back British workers and give local young people a chance on the first rung of the career ladder should not face the threat of legal action, as they presently do. UKIP will make Gordon Brown’s British Jobs for British workers plausible, and meaningful in law. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: Protect workers’ rights once we have left the EU: leaving the EU must not usher in any kind of ‘race to the bottom’ on employment rights. Enforce the minimum and living wage and reverse government cuts to the number of minimum wage inspectors in England and Wales Significantly tighten up rules on zero hours contracts and severely limit their use. Creating Coastal Enterprise Zones UKIP will make it a top priority to reverse the decline of our seaside towns. We will be the party that cares about coastal communities and does not write them off as being “at the end of the line”. NURTURING SEASIDE BUSINESSES Within our coastal enterprise zones, businesses operating from premises with a rateable value of less than £50,000 will receive a 50 per cent cut in business rates. Coastal towns will have top ranking when it comes to national successor funds to the European Regional Development Fund. Our new coastal towns taskforce will raise funding for new arts and heritage facilities in coastal towns. In this election, UKIP is the first party ever to put forward a comprehensive package of measures targeted at helping coastal communities. UKIP will provide the essential leadership needed to reverse the decline of the great British seaside town. Patrick O’Flynn MEP Economics Spokesman UKIP will make the British seaside great again: vibrant, viable communities attractive to businesses, to British families, and tourists from overseas. Victoria Ayling, Heritage and Tourism Spokeswoman Our fishing industry has been all but destroyed by the Common Fisheries Policy, and many coastal towns have been pushed into decline with the rise of cheap package holidays abroad, and transport and infrastructure projects that have been skewed towards big cities. The great British seaside is well overdue a revival, and UKIP will create a new Coastal Towns Taskforce to oversee a raft of measures to regenerate those areas of the country that have suffered most as a result of our EU membership. HIGHER STANDARDS OF HOUSING Rundown housing has become an unfortunate hallmark of many coastal towns in decline. In coastal enterprise zones, local authorities will be given the power to: Access low interest government loans to buy up and renovate poor housing stock or empty commercial properties, to create quality residential accommodation Issue compulsory purchase orders for poor quality houses in multiple occupation Introduce minimum standards for properties in receipt of housing benefit Refuse housing benefit payments to landlords in breach of planning legislation. These policies, together with the resumption of Britain’s 200-mile maritime exclusive economic zone one of our key Brexit tests – will boost coastal towns and give our fishing industry the chance to rebuild. Solving Britain’s Housing Shortage The UK is suffering a housing shortage that has been 20 years in the making. The waiting list for public and affordable housing stands at 1.2 million alone. UKIP will provide high quality, affordable homes, with security of tenure, where they are needed, while boosting jobs. Successive governments have failed to meet the housing needs of an increasing population. Of the 140,000 homes due to be built this year, 80,000 will be absorbed by population growth, exacerbated by immigration, so at best only 60,000 will begin to address the current chronic shortage. Labour, the Conservatives, and other parties in this election will promise to build hundreds of thousands of new homes, but their plans are not credible. There are not enough workers in the traditional construction industry to meet their targets. Planning permission remains slow and difficult to obtain and developers have no incentive to build more, because under-supply boosts their margins and land bank values. UKIP is the only party being realistic about what can be done to increase the housing supply and putting forward a viable solution: a bold policy to roll out high quality, low cost factory-built modular (FBM) homes, affordable on the national average wage of £26,000. LOCALLY MANUFACTURED FACTORY-BUILT MODULAR HOMES Factory-built homes should not be confused with the pre-fabs of the past. They are built to last, to high design standards, and are energy efficient, with running costs up to 30per cent less than traditional homes. While conventional construction cannot in the medium term meet the need for low cost housing, factory-built modular homes can. When we leave the EU, we will regain control of the regional development budget, over £1 billion a year. UKIP will use some of this to boost capacity in UK-based modular homes manufacturing. We will enable the manufacture of modular homes where jobs are needed, and they will be built where homes are needed. UKIP’s housing policy provides a solution to the housing crisis, which requires no direct funding from government, and is not constrained by the current skill-shortage in the construction industry. It is a radical and visionary plan. Finally, our young people will be able to afford their own homes. Ray Finch MEP, Housing Spokesman HOW UKIP’S MODULAR HOMES BUILDING SCHEME WILL WORK UKIP will establish a Housing Development Corporation (HDC) to acquire primarily brownfield sites – at existing use value and through compulsory purchase if necessary – where affordable housing is required. Planning law will be changed to enable the HDC to give themselves planning permission to build between 10 and 100 FBM homes on an average site. Homes constructed will be sold on a freehold basis to first time buyers up to the age of 40 who are British citizens and who have a 10 per cent deposit. We anticipate the total cost for a two-bedroom house will be under £100,000, including land purchase and restoration, construction, infrastructure and a contribution to the costs of the HDC. Utilities installation would be covered by a 1 per cent energy bill levy, and Stamp Duty would not be applied. UKIP’s proposal will bring up to 100,000 extra truly affordable homes onto the market every year. Combined with a traditional home building programme, we could build another one million homes by 2022. In addition, the FBM model would also make it feasible to deliver substantial numbers of new Council houses that have been promised, while traditional methods do not. RESTRICTIONS ON USE AND RESALE As this scheme is a stepping¬stone from the rental sector to traditional home ownership, to address the current housing crisis, it must not distort the existing property market. So, homes will be for owner occupation, not private rental. Owners will not be able to sell them on the open market, but must sell them back to the HDC at a guaranteed price of cost plus inflation over the period of ownership. Ownership can, however, be retained indefinitely. THE HOUSING CRISIS SOLVED UKIP’s modular home scheme provides: High quality homes with security of tenure, where they are needed •A way for the next generation to build up equity and move into the traditional home owner market •A realistic way of building homes that is not constrained by the current skills shortage in the construction industry Words and gimmicks from the old political parties will not solve the housing crisis. UKIP’s bold plan will. GOING OVER AND ABOVE In addition to our FBM homes programme, UKIP will identify long-term dormant land held by central and local government so it can be released for affordable developments. We will alsoplough all revenue raisedfrom Right to Buy sales into community housing and change the law to allow mortgages to become inheritable, as they are in other countries. A REVIEW OF HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS Housing associations are accountable neither to taxpayers, who provide much of their funding, nor to their own tenants. A UKIP investigation into the largest 50 housing associations uncovered a catalogue of failures. They are not building as many homes as private developers, the homes they do build cost more to put up, and they are failing to tackle anti-social behaviour. Average salaries for chief executives reach 51 times their tenants’ rent: one CEO is paid three times as much as the Prime Minister. Housing associations manage 60 per cent of the socially rented sector and have received £23 billion of Government funding in the past 14 years, but UKIP is not convinced they are benefiting either tenants or the taxpayer. We will launch a review into their operation. Defending our National Health Service THE NHS is Britain’s best-loved public service and one of the benchmarks of our civilised values. UKIP will keep the NHS free at the point of delivery and increase funding by diverting the £11 billion we will save by cutting the foreign aid budget directly into health and social care. Successive Labour, Coalition and Tory governments have overloaded the NHS with red tape and allowed it to be abused as an international, rather than a National Health Service. The NHS is funded by the British people and should be for the British people. A catalogue of failures has left the NHS in crisis. NHS Trusts are in deficit to the tune of £2.5 billion, hospital waiting lists for routine treatment have reached record highs, and tens of thousands of elective operations have been cancelled for non-clinical reasons. In January this year 23 hospitals could not guarantee patient care or safety. The Royal College of Nursing says we need 24,000 more nurses, and NHS Digital estimates there is roughly one GP vacancy for every two practices. 1,500 doctors leave Britain every year for better pay and more relaxed working conditions in Australia or New Zealand. The NHS desperately needs additional funds. UKIP will provide NHS England with an additional £9 billion a year by 2021/22. An additional £2 billion for social care will fully utilise the savings we will make from the foreign aid budget. MORE MEDICAL STUDENTS, DOCTORS, GPS, NURSES, AND MIDWIVES Despite our national doctor shortage, nearly 800 straight ‘A’ students are turned away from medical school every year. UKIP will lift the cap on medical school training places from 7,500 to 10,000 and make sure nosuitable ‘A’ grade student fails to get a place. Provided medical students commit to working within the NHS for at least ten out of the fifteen years after they qualify, we will cover the cost of all their tuition fees. TACKLING THE GP SHORTAGE Raising the cap on medical school places will help deliver the 10,000 additional GPs the profession needs by 2025. We will also introduce new funding arrangements incentivising doctors to work in geographical areas most in need. However, GPs are also grappling with heavy workloads and over-regulation. We will end appraisal and revalidation work that goes beyond that deemed necessary by the GMC, and reduce the burden of data collection and target chasing. UKIP will also fund the cost of streamlined ‘return to practice’ training, and encourage retired GPs or GPs with small children to work part-time or in job-share schemes. For doctors who have worked overseas, we will make re-registering with the UK General Medical Council much easier by recognising comparable qualifications, experience, and accreditation. Introducing a wider rangeof healthcare professionals and clinical services into GPsurgeries will also make general practice less stressful. We will fund additionalsupport staff such as physician associates, clinical pharmacists and health visitors in GP surgeries, and allow practices to operate a wider range of clinics, including minor surgery, where feasible. GIVING NURSES THE RESPECT AND RECOGNITION THEY DESERVE The NHS needs 24,000 more nurses and 3,500 more midwives, yet again potential students are being turned away, tens of thousands of them every year. UKIP will increase the number of nurse training placements, reinstate funding for bursaries to cover nursing, midwifery and allied health professions’ tuition and accommodation costs, and cover the cost of re-training for nurses who have taken career breaks. We will discontinue the one per cent pay increase cap for frontline NHS workers earning less than £35,000 (Band 6). RELIEVING PRESSURE ON A&E DEPARTMENTS UKIP will train more emergency medicine consultants and improve their working conditions. Emergency medicine consultants cannot be expected to work unreasonably extended shifts, repeated unsocial hours, excessive numbers of weekends, or be regularly forced to cancel leave. Every part of the health sector has a role to play in reducing A&E traffic. By improving access to and facilities in GP surgeries, keeping minor injuries units open, and sustaining funding levels for local chemists, we can start to address the A&E crisis. “Labour and the Tories have failed the NHS with nine arduous top-down reorganisations since 1973 and a relentless cuts and privatisation agenda. UKIP will fund the NHS to the tune of an additional £11 billion a year by 2021/22, address the most pressing challenges within our healthcare system, and fully integrate the NHS and social care.” Suzanne Evans, UKIP NHS Champion REMOVING BARRIERS BETWEEN THE NHS AND SOCIAL CARE 35,000 bed days are lost every month because of delayed transfers of care, and legal barriers can make it difficult to pass information between the two systems. The problems caused by our disconnected health and social care system will not be resolved unless the two are fully integrated. UKIP will establish a Department for Health and Care, and create a sustainably funded social care system assimilated into the NHS. A NATIONAL, NOT AN INTERNATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE Treating those ineligible for care costs British taxpayers around £2 billion every year. UKIP will launch the toughest ever crackdown on ineligible foreign nationals using our NHS. Only British citizens or foreign nationals who have paid UK taxes for at least five consecutive years will be eligible for non-urgent NHS care. Anyone else must provide evidence of comprehensive medical insurance before being allowed to enter Britain and maintain that insurance for the duration of their stay. Urgent care will continue to be provided to all in need. We will close any loopholes in reciprocal healthcare arrangements, making sure reciprocity is like-for¬like, and pursue any moneys owed to us. We will also tighten the application and approval process for EHIC cards and review the scheme as part of our Brexit negotiations with the EU. ACCOUNTABLE MANAGEMENT To improve standards within the NHS, we will create the equivalent of a General Medical Council for NHS managers, making them subject to disciplinary control for the first time. Managers will require a statutory Licence to Manage. Removal of this licence would immediately bar them from working as a manager anywhere within the NHS. The wellbeing of staff is too important to allow incompetent, negligent or bullying managers to remain within the NHS. Managers and board members will be held individually accountable for poor decisions. Individual votes should be noted on significant or contentious matters. We will limit the amount that can be spent on an external management consultancy contract to £50,000. The annual £589 million cost is far too high. BANNING LABOUR’S DODGY NHS DEALS Between 1997 and 2010, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown contracted private syndicates of hedge fund managers, bankers, and big property developers to design, build, and finance new hospitals and run non-clinical services. These syndicates charged interest rates so high, you might as well have called the scheme: ‘buy one hospital, pay for seven.’ These Private Finance Initiative (PFI) deals financed £11.8 billion worth of new build but will ultimately cost the NHS £79 billion. 75 per cent of the syndicates involved are based offshore, so they do not even pay UK taxes on these enormous profits. Labour is not the party of the NHS: Labour is the party that allowed the wealthiest in our society to laugh all the way to the bank at the expense of the NHS. UKIP will end the use of PFI contracts within the NHS. GUARANTEED RIGHTS FOR EU HEALTHCARE WORKERS Some 167,000 EU nationals work in the health and social care. UKIP has no hesitation in guaranteeing their right to remain here, whatever the EU decides with regard to the rights of British citizens overseas. LOOKING TO THE FUTURE The five-year political cycle encourages short-termism that is unhelpful to the NHS. For it to be fit for purpose for another fifty years, we need honest, open debate, and viable solutions to the NHS funding crisis that are free from political interference. UKIP will establish a Royal Commission to find a way forward that allows the NHS to hold fast to its values while meeting the challenges of the future. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Scrap hospital car parking charges in England. •Abolish the Care Quality Commission, which has caused a vicious circle of misery. We aim to foster a culture of openness, honesty and challenge, not one of blame, shame and sanction. Our new inspection regime will include greater public accountability, extra protection for whistle-blowers, and increased scrutiny. •Scrap EU Legislation that has hindered the NHS such as the Clinical Trial Directive and the Working Time Directive. Britain’s Challenging Mental Health Crisis The 2012 Health and Social Care Act gave mental health the same priority as physical health, but only in principle. UKIP will put mental wellbeing on the same footing as physical healthcare, in terms of both access to treatment and funding. Anyone who has suffered themselves, or seen a loved one deteriorate before their eyes because of a mental health problem, will understand just how important it is to invest in quality psychological services, and get this issue higher up the political agenda.. Suzanne Evans NHS Champion Unresolved mental health and addiction issues lie at the heart of some of our greatest social challenges: crime, homelessness, family breakdown, unemployment, and more. Every year, some 150 million GP consultations and up to forty per cent of A&E attendances are linked to mental health issues and drug or alcohol abuse, yet there are insufficient resources for doctors to refer patients to specialist care. UKIP will increase planned spending on mental health services by at least £500 million every year. This sum could fund 6,000 clinical psychologists to see 500,000 more adults and young people every year. UKIP’s mental health priorities will be: Cutting waiting times: The current target of eighteen weeks between referral and first appointment is far too long. 28 days should be the maximum. •Closing the gaps between child and adult, and physical and mental care services: There should be a smooth transition between these sectors with professionals sharing best practice and having a central point of communication •Getting funding to the right place: National funding earmarked for mental health services is often being diverted to other NHS services. This must stop. YOUNG PEOPLE CRYING OUT FOR HELP The British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy says 80,000 children and young people in the UK are clinically depressed. Around three children in every class have a diagnosable mental health condition, and one in twelve will self-harm. Figures from the Office for National Statistics are tragic: more than four suicides of young people take place every week. Mental health problems start before age fourteen in half of all cases, so UKIP will integrate mental health training into the teacher-training syllabus and develop a national school-based counselling strategy for England, on a par with Wales and Northern Ireland. Specialist counselling services will be available in all secondary schools. Looking out for those at risk must become everyone’s responsibility. If a child or teacher saw someone in pain, they would help. Mental health problems also have clear symptoms. UKIP’s policies mean professionals will always be on hand to assist. EDUCATION AND WELLBEING Education should focus on personal wellbeing, practical coping skills, and developing positive social relationships, as well as academic performance. In stressing the latter, we have piled stress on our children. Our education system needs to be more balanced, so UKIP will introduce emotional health and wellbeing into the Ofsted inspection framework. LETTING CHILDREN KNOW THEY ARE NOT ALONE Those who have recovered from their problems are often best placed to help others facing similar challenges. Drugs wreck lives. We are failing in our duty to protect our children if we do not warn them about the dangers and do everything in our power to prevent them having access to illegal drugs. Paul Nuttall, UKIP Leader UKIP will encourage schools to invite specialist support organisations into school. Letting our children know what resources are available to them may be life-changing. CHALLENGING MEDIA STEREOTYPES Elsewhere in this manifesto we condemn alien practices that oppress women, but we are not blind to our own failings. The ‘lad culture,’ which treats young women as sex objects and the ‘red circle of shame’ in celebrity magazines that hold women to unattainable levels of physical perfection are just two examples. Boys too are increasingly developing eating disorders and body image issues. UKIP will review advertising, broadcast and editorial codes, seeking commitments that editorial coverage and advertising campaigns will treat men and women with dignity and promote healthy body images. CYBER BULLYING We will extend the remit of the current cross-government Internet Safety Strategy and invite participants to consider whether new legislation is required to address the problem of online abuse. PREVENTING DRUG USE AMONG YOUNG PEOPLE UKIP will not legalise classified drugs. The social consequences could be catastrophic. We will rigorously enforce current legislation. Identifying drug users means they can be steered towards rehabilitation programmes. Families in which there is a high incidence of addiction can also be identified more easily and appropriate support provided. We include cannabis in this. Cannabis was used by 5.3 million 16-24 year-olds in the last year, according to the Royal College of Psychiatrists, and this is extremely worrying. Teenage cannabis users are five times more likely to develop depression and anxiety, and those who use cannabis at around age fifteen have an above- average risk of developing schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. That risk is increased in those with a genetic vulnerability. Cannabis can cause lasting psychotic illness. UKIP will ensure this message is emphasised by social workers, teachers, doctors, and magistrates. Britain’s Challenging Mental Health Crisis Our nation has a duty to provide mental health  support to those in our armed forces: many have  served multiple tours of combat duty and may  need a great deal of specialist help Mike Hookem MEP MENTAL HEALTH SUPPORT FOR ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL AND VETERANS Over 5,000 service personnel were diagnosed with a mental health problem in 2014, but even this shocking statistic may hide a wider problem. The charity Combat Stress says 40 per cent of serving personnel with symptoms do not seek help from the specialist Defence Mental Health Services (DMHS) because of general stigma. This trend continues after discharge. To encourage serving personnel and veterans to report mental health issues, receive a diagnosis and access services, UKIP will: Integrate mental wellbeing monitoring into existing medical examinations for serving armed forces personnel in potentially traumatic or ‘at risk’ roles •Extend the period during which discharged service personnel are able to access the specialist DMHS scheme from six months to two years. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Offer swift access to vital mental health services for patients diagnosed with debilitating long-term conditions and terminal illnesses •Provide direct access to specialist mental health treatment for all pregnant women and mothers of children under 12 months of age •Address and treat the strong link between addiction and mental illness •End the postcode lottery for psychiatric liaison services in acute hospitals and A&E departments. A Brighter Future for our Next Generation Political interference in education has failed children. We are tumbling down the international education league tables and rising up the ranks for youth unemployment. UKIP will reintroduce grammar schools, invest in vocational education and technical training, scrap tuition fees for STEM subjects and prepare our young people for the world of work. UKIP’s approach to education is one where no child is held back and where education is as responsive as possible to individual needs. Our children differ vastly when it comes to talent and speed of development. Our education system needs to be far more flexible. STARTING SCHOOL: THE PRIMARY CLASSROOM Without reading, writing, mathematical and learning abilities you will be held back in life and struggle to find well-paid work. UKIP welcomes the recent reintroduction of phonics to the classroom and we will make this the model for teaching children to read and write. We will renew focus on mental arithmetic skills and learning times tables, andencourage children to learn languages from year 1 of primary school, when they will find it easier. Britain has produced some of the most remarkable people in world history, some of the best thinkers, innovators, leaders, and creators. We must keep that trend going: boosting educational opportunities for our young people and giving them every opportunity to help them realise their dreams. David Kurten AM, Education Spokesman WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Abolish Key Stage 1 SATs. Seven is too young to be tested and this test narrows the curriculum and puts pressure on teachers to concentrate time and resources on borderline pupils. •Require every primary school to nominate a science leader to inspire and equip the next generation of scientists and engineers •End sex education in primary schools. SECONDARY EDUCATION UKIP’s approach to secondary education focuses on a range of different schools: technical, vocational, selective grammars, and specialist schools. A GRAMMAR SCHOOL IN EVERY TOWN The state education system of grammar, secondary modern and technical schools was designed to make a high standard of education available to all, irrespective of social background. Grammar schools improved social mobility by giving children from poorer backgrounds access tocareer paths they might have previously thought out of their reach. When the national grammar school system still existed, 25 per cent of schools were grammar or technical schools and nearly 65 per cent of their pupils came from the working class. They were not socially elite institutions, as anyone who attended onewill confirm. The 164 grammar schools that are left no longer represent this classless ideal. Such is the high demand, it is often those with the most resourceful parents who gain access. We need 800 more Grammar or Technical schools so every child who would benefit can get a place. UKIP will open a grammar school in every town, adapting the old 11 + system to add transfer examinations up to the age of sixteen, so pupils who develop in an academic direction, but not quite so fast, will still have the opportunity of a grammar school place. ON-THE-JOB EDUCATION To give students a head start into a job, UKIP will introduce a scheme similar to Germany’s Dual Vocational Training system, in which students attend classes at a vocational school and receive on-the-job training at a company. Employment prospects for children who go through this system are high. Germany’s reputation for success in manufacturing and industry is second to none. UKIP will give our children the same educational choice to combine theory and practice in this way, so they leave school with technical knowledge and hands-on experience. RIGHTING WRONGS IN HIGHER EDUCATION The average student debt is £44,000. The poorest students who are now denied a grant fare worst of all, with debts averaging £53,000. These debts are often pointless in career terms: the latest figures from the ONS show 46 per cent of new graduates will not find a job needing a degree. The taxpayer fares badly too. Only around half of the money spent on tuition fee loans will be paid back. The quota system promoted by both Labour and Conservatives is not a good enough reason for taxpayers to pay for students to go to university. Students would be better off following another route into the workplace than taking degrees that are unlikely to help them get a job or guide them onto their chosen career path. The politically motivated decision to increase university places has deceived and blighted a generation. UKIP will stop paying tuition fees for courses which do not lead at least two thirds of students into a graduate level job, or a job corresponding to their degree, within five years after graduation. We will also cease offering EU nationals student loans when we leave the EU. Repayment rates are extremely low and 10,000 EU students currently owe Britain £89 million. TUITION FEES AND MAINTENANCE GRANTS UKIP’s long-term goal is to abolish tuition fees entirely and we will seek to enact this as soon as economic conditions allow. Meanwhile, to help the poorest students now, we will immediately restore maintenance grants. To plug the skills gap in these areas, UKIP will abolish tuition fees for undergraduate science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) students, provided they work in their discipline and pay tax in the UK for at least five years after they complete their degree. We will cover the cost of all tuition fees for medical students, provided they commit to working within the NHS for at least ten out of the fifteen years after they qualify. PATHWAYS TO EMPLOYMENT School leavers should have an idea of what future career they would like to pursue, and how they can achieve an entry level job in that career. UKIP will ensure effective career development assumes a more important role in the national curriculum and is assessed accordingly. DEVELOPING ‘EMPLOYABILITY’ Whatever level of education you have achieved, your chance of success in the workplace will be influenced by more than your academic abilities. Employers want more from prospective employees than just good exam results. UKIP will introduce practical ‘employability’ lessons into the careers’ syllabus, teaching ‘soft’ skills such as interview skills, team-working and time-management, making presentations, public speaking, networking, making a good first impression, and developing social skills. These might not come naturally, but they can be taught. LINKING SCHOOLS WITH BUSINESS Often, the local job market will determine career choices, so schools and colleges should establish links with local businesses, to tell students what they need from new recruits, to offer advice, and to show how business works. ENCOURAGING TOMORROW’S ENTREPRENEURS UKIP will include practical information about setting up your own business into the syllabus. Being self-employed is a sound career choice if you have a skill or idea others want to buy, and developing the skill to think creatively and ambitiously can only help in life and the workplace. Entrepreneurship education is becoming increasingly common in the USA, where it is seen to benefit students from all socio-economic backgrounds by nurturing unconventional skills and talents and encouraging them to ‘think outside the box.’ The next generation is the future of the UK. Our children need educational solutions that really work, not political dogma. Grammar schools, dynamic academies and technical schools in every town from Toxteth to Twickenham, combined with high quality vocational training and careers’ advice, will deliver real opportunities for our children. SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL NEEDS UKIP believes all disabled learners must have the legal right to attend either mainstream courses in mainstream education settings, or schools exclusively tailored to their needs. It should be their choice. To this end, we will reverse the policy of closing special schools, and ensure all other schools are accessible to disabled learners and that individual support is in place for each child. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Fund allsecondary schools according to a single formula •Make First Aid training a statutory requirement so pupils obtain a ‘Basic Life-Saving Dipl ma.’ Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation will be included. Caring for Young Children, Supporting Families Childcare costs in the UK are becoming less affordable for ordinary families. The parents of disabled children struggle to find childcare at all. Fathers are prevented from seeing their children and the family courts are not transparent enough. Tackling these issues are key priorities for UKIP. Affordable, safe childcare is vital if we are to help women obtain or return to work. We simply cannot afford to have highly skilled, highly trained women leaving the workplace, especially not if they are working in public service industries such as nursing and teaching. Margot Parker MEP, Women and Equalities Spokeswoman UKIP’s 2015 general election manifesto highlighted the complexity of childcare provision in the UK and how difficult it can be to find quality childcare, especially if your child is disabled, if you work irregular hours, or you are on a low income. Despite an increase in free childcare provision and new tax-free childcare schemes, recent research from the Family and Childcare Trust revealed British parents now pay more than £6,000 per year on average for childcare, double what they spend on food and drink. The situation we warned about in 2015 has not improved but got worse. Perverse government policies intended to expand childcare provision fuel childcare demand yet fail to cover costs incurred by childcare providers. At the same time there is an acute shortage of places because of over-regulation and higher training fees. Nurseries and childminders limit places, raise fees, or introduce extra charges in order to remain sustainable. Despite more public money being allocated to free childcare than ever, the number of childminders has plummeted by 10,000 since 2012. This is a typical outcome of policy-making done via a ‘bidding war,’ instead of being thought through. In this case, Labour and the Conservatives have jockeyed for position to see who can offer the highest number of free childcare hours for the youngest children, without considering the unintended consequences, or what else in the system might need to change. UKIP promised a far-reaching review of childcare provision in 2015, and this is still urgently needed, not least to de-regulate and simplify an increasingly fragmented system. Meanwhile, UKIP will allow parents to use their free childcare entitlements to access a greater choice of childcare providers by removing restrictions limiting them only to Ofsted-registered childcare providers. We will also: Extend the primary school day by offering wrap-around childcare from 8am to 6pm during term time •Require local authorities to keep a register of childcare providers willing to provide emergency childcare cover at short notice •Amend planning legislation in order to make play spaces compulsory in housing estates, and to promote nursery or crèche provision in developments such as shopping centres, office blocks, hospitals, airports, and railway stations. CHILDCARE FOR CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS Smaller early years providers may struggle to offer places to children with physical or learning difficulties because of the extra costs involved in maintaining higher staff ratios, delivering additional staff training, buying specialist equipment and creating accessible changing facilities. This inevitably makes it much more difficult for such children to access the same high quality, flexible early years provision as their able-bodied peers. UKIP will create a fund worth £80 million a year to help childminders and smaller childcare providers employing five people or fewer, to open their doors to more children with special needs. Grants of up to £3,000 will be available to adapt their premises to make them more accessible, and to equip their staff with specialist training and equipment, so they can provide a more inclusive childcare service. KEEPING FAMILIES TOGETHER Our 2015 manifesto promised to legislate for an initial 50-50 presumption of shared parenting when couples break up. We stand by this, as we do our pledge to give visiting rights to grandparents and to review the operation of the Family Court. The concerns we raised in 2015 about the Family Court system, particularly in relation to forced adoptions, have become more pressing. Up to 96 per cent of children adopted from public care are forcibly adopted, against their parents’ wishes. No one wants to see children languishing in care, but until the Family Courts are more transparent, we cannot know whether decisions are made in children’s best interests or in response to adoption targets. The latter approach risks serious miscarriages of justice. Maintaining confidentiality in family law proceedings is not incompatible with scrutiny. To strike the right balance between the two we propose: Removing the current blanket ban on media reporting of placement and adoption proceedings and allowing journalists to report on such cases on the same basis as other family law proceedings •Publishing all case summaries, skeleton arguments, judgements and other documents relating to Family proceedings as a matter of course, on an anonymised basis •Requiring expert witnesses to list previous court cases in which they have given evidence •Promoting more extensive use of Special Guardianship Orders so that children can retain links with their birth family. Meeting our Responsibilities to the Elderly and Disabled The voluntary sector would probably collapse without the help and support of those in later life, and the disabled have overcome challenges most of us could not even imagine, yet the Conservative government has treated both badly. UKIP will reverse cuts to the adult social care budget and end humiliating work capability tests for disabled people. David Sprason, UKIP Older People’s Champion People who have worked hard all their lives and contributed to our economy have been stripped of hot meals and essential home help under the Tories, and for what? To keep shovelling cash out of the door to prop up a corrupt foreign aid regime, and fund a railway project to help their rich friends get home ten minutes faster How we respond to older people is an indication of the kind of country we live in. We should take pride in making public investment into their care, regardless of their financial means. UKIP remains committed to keeping the winter fuel allowance, free bus passes, prescriptions and eye tests for all over-60s, without means testing. We will maintain the ‘triple lock’ on the state pension, increasing it every year by the highest of inflation, average earnings, or 2.5 per cent. SECURE FINANCES AND WORTHWHILE WORK FOR OLDER PEOPLE Age UK says older people contribute around £61 billion to the economy each year through work, caring and volunteering. Advancing age does not necessarily mean people want to stop earning, and their wisdom and experience should be seen as an advantage in the workplace. We will encourage businesses to fund job placements for older people, and enforce laws protecting workers against age discrimination. GROWING OLD TOGETHER As a population, we are living longer. This would be good news were it not for the funding crisis in elderly care. The Association of Directors of Adult Social Services calculates £4.6 billion has been cut from social care budgets since 2010. The number of adults eligible to receive social care has plummeted by 28 per cent. This is counter-productive: the government says it wants to help older people stay active and independent, but then removes the support they need. Most councils only fund those already in ‘critical’ or ‘substantial’ need and past the point of no return. No wonder older people are now more likely to be admitted to hospital, and less likely to be able to leave hospital when they recover. 6,800 such patients every day cannot be discharged, so ambulances queue up outside A&E and planned operations are cancelled. This inefficiency costs the NHS approximately £1 billion a year, and it could get worse. Last year, research by BBC Radio 4’s You and Yours found 59 home care companies had already handed unprofitable contracts back to local authorities, and that one in four care homes may go out of business within three years. The Better Care Fund was supposed to improve liaison between the NHS and local councils and ease pressure on hospitals, but the Public Accounts Committee found it was ‘little more than a ruse.’ The freedom to raise council tax by two per cent to fund adult social care is of least help to councils in the poorest areas, who have less income from council tax, but the most pressing care needs. The only answer is to reverse the cuts to care budgets. UKIP will put back money the Conservatives have removed, investing up to £2 billion every year into social care. We will prioritise early intervention schemes and community-based models of care that promote independence and wellbeing, such as supported living arrangements. Institutional and acute care models should be a last-resort. We will continue to pay Attendance Allowance for all people over the age of 65 who need help with personal care, including new claimants, from central government funds. We reject Conservative proposals that this benefit should be funded locally for all new claimants. SUPPORT CARE STAFF Caring can be difficult and frustrating, and care staff deserve better pay and respect. We will address the culture of long hours, low pay and perceived low status that leads to high staff turnover. UKIP will not allow the NHS, or third parties under contract to local authorities, to employ home care workers on zero hours contracts. Workers must also be paid for travelling time to prevent their being paid less than the minimum or living wage. INVESTING IN DEMENTIA RESEARCH AND TREATMENT Dementia is predicted to be the UK’s biggest killer. Already, 850,000 people in Britain live with dementia. UKIP will roll out a National Dementia Plan to recommend research and treatment priorities, and co-ordinate expertise. This plan will be developed in cooperation with multi-discipline dementia specialists to identify spending priorities and deliver a bold new programme of research, treatment, care and understanding. UKIP will treble the amount we allocated to dementia research and treatment in 2015, taking our total fresh funding pot to £400 million each year over the course of the next parliament. PROTECTING CARE AT HOME In January, campaigning organisation Disability United exposed clauses in Continuing Healthcare policies that stated home-based care would only be provided if costs do not exceed residential placement costs by a certain percentage, generally ten percent. This could mean forcibly moving someone into a care home to save relatively small amounts of money. UKIP will make sure those with on-going health care needs choose where they wish to live, unless they are unable to make that choice themselves, or care at home becomes unviable. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Protect services such as meals-on-wheels, luncheon clubs, day care services and home care •Abolish the annual assessment process for continuing healthcare funding in respect of those suffering from a degenerative, terminal illness •Fund a pro-active co-ordinating service for older and disabled people in every county to combat loneliness, combining resources from across the NHS, social services and the voluntary sector. •Introduce a legally binding Dignity Code to improve the quality and standard of care for older people in hospital, care homes or their own home, and protect whistleblowers. UKIP has always opposed the ‘benefits lifestyle,’ but the last government’s behaviour has gone far beyond anything that is reasonable. UKIP will crack down on benefit fraud, but make sure our support and benefits system is fair and fit-for-purpose. Cllr Star Anderton, UKIP Disability Champion AN END TO UNFAIR BENEFIT CUTS Levels of unmet need for disabled and learning disabled people are at a record high. Sense, the national charity for children and adults who are deaf blind and have complex needs, calculates 108,000 learning disabled adults with moderate to severe needs now receive no support at all. Over the last year alone, the charity says the number of people in receipt of support for a sensory impairment has decreased by 11.4 per cent. UKIP will not cut disability benefits. ENDING THE INJUSTICE OF PERSONAL INDEPENDENCE PAYMENTS Personal Independence Payments, or PIPs, are replacing the Disability Living Allowance (DLA). Without a PIP, disabled people cannot access other benefits such as Carer’s Allowance or the charitable Motability scheme to get a powered wheelchair or accessible car. PIPs were supposed to help disabled people into work and pay a range of disability benefits based on individual need, but they seem to have become a covert way of slashing the benefit bill. Since disabled people were required to undergo a new battery of medical tests, 250,000 of them have had their benefit cut. Some 300 people a day who have their benefits cut following re¬assessments are appealing against these new decisions, at a cost of £1 million a week to the taxpayer. They are right to appeal, as six out of ten appeals are successful, but while they await the outcome of their appeals, many are falling into debt, and have vital support or equipment taken away from them. 50,000 people have had accessible vehicles removed since PIPs were introduced. The current Work Capability Assessments are not fit for purpose. We will reform them in consultation with disabled people and disability charities. They must accurately assess the barriers faced by disabled people to enter employment, and indicate what specialist employment support will be needed for those who are ready for work. SUPPORTING CARERS We recommit to giving carers an extra five days’ paid holiday each year, and increasing Carer’s Allowance from £62.70 per week to £73.10 a week, to match the higher level of Job Seeker’s Allowance. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Protect the rights of the disabled •Scrap the bedroom tax •Give tenants the right to request Housing Benefit is paid direct to their landlords, whatever benefit scheme they are on •Improve carers’ access to support by sharing information on benefit and social care entitlements and on support groups across all public services •Exempt foodbanks and charity shops from charges imposed by local authorities to dispose of unwanted food waste and other goods. Fair, Balanced Migration Britons are among the most welcoming and tolerant people in the world, yet they have lost faith in our immigration system. There is nothing in the track records of any of the other parties that suggests they have the necessary political will to address the concerns of the British people, but UKIP will. Brexit offers an opportunity to calm public concerns about immigration while still allowing the brightest and the best from around the world to make their home in Britain, and contribute to our society and our economy. Immigration has placed huge pressure on public services and housing. It has affected the domestic labour market, where wages for manual and low-paid jobs have stagnated. Community cohesion has been damaged. LABOUR’S GREATEST FOLLY Unsustainable immigration to Britain began  with Tony Blair’s Labour government: Peter Mandelson admitted ‘search parties’ were sent out to encourage migrants to come to Britain, and the plan to ‘rub the Right’s nose in diversity’ did indeed, as Blair’s favourite think tank, the Institute for Public Policy Research, put it, ‘change the face of the country.’ Allegations of racism, and a raft of faith, race and equalities legislation shut down any criticism of Blair’s policy, and the benefits system was abused to ‘bribe’ Labour’s core vote. TORY IMMIGRATION FAILURE Labour ultimately paid the electoral price for their wilful blindness to problems caused by mass immigration, but the Conservatives have failed just as badly, for seven years reneging on their pledge to bring annual net migration down to the ‘tens of thousands.’ Theresa May admitted in 2015 the case for high immigration on economic grounds has been massively overstated, yet did nothing about it, and still appears prepared to carry on with unlimited EU immigration for many years ahead. UKIP is the only party with the political will and the plan to cut immigration. As part of our overall commitment to a more stringent and better run immigration system, UKIP will increase the number of Border Agency staff by 4,000 and implement technology solutions to ensure all passport and visa holders are counted in and out John Bickley, Immigration Spokesman BALANCED NET MIGRATION OVER FIVE YEARS UKIP will establish a Migration Control Commission and set a target to reduce net migration to zero, over a five-year period. This means approximately halving gross immigration for a five-year period. This will still allow us to bring in the key skills we need, while giving a breathing space topublic services under immense pressure. Senior Labour parliamentarian, Frank Field, has argued the case for balanced migration such as this formany years. FAIR, EQUITABLE IMMIGRATION To make immigration fair and equitable, we will introduce a new Australian-style points-based system, and a work permit system. Both will apply equally to all applicants, save for citizens of the Republic of Ireland, with whom we will maintain our current arrangements. To give working class people in particular a chance to find employment, we will place a moratorium on unskilled and low-skilled immigration for five years after we leave the EU. We will also operate a seasonal worker scheme based on six-month visas to support thosesectors, such as agriculture, which need additional labour for short but predictable periods of time. A NEW INTERNATIONAL VISA SYSTEM Operated on a strict principle of non-discrimination between peoples of all nations applying for work, study, or to visit the United Kingdom, our new International Visa System will begin on the date we leave the EU and offer four principal visa categories: 1.WORK VISAS Highly skilled workers with a job offer sponsored by companies paying them a minimum of £30,000 per annum will have priority. 2.TOURIST AND VISITOR VISAS Covering those who come to Britain as tourists, to conduct business, or to see their family, these will be valid for up to twelve months. 3.STUDENT VISAS We want to encourage students to study in Britain, but will not tolerate abuse of the system. 4.FAMILY REUNION VISAS We respect the right of British citizens to form relationships with non-British citizens; however, we will abolish the European Economic Area (EEA) family permit scheme and reinstate the primary purpose rule. Foreign nationals marrying British citizens will have to prove the primary purpose of their marriage is not to obtain British residency. ASYLUM SEEKERS U KI P will comply fully with the 1951 UN Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, and honour our obligations to bona fide asylum seekers. ACCESS TO WELFARE AND THE NHS All new migrants to Britain will be expected to make tax and national insurance contributions for at least five consecutive years before they become eligible to claim UK benefits, or access non-urgent NHS services, save for any exceptions stipulated by the Migration Control Commission, or if reciprocal healthcare arrangements are in place with their country of origin. All new entrants to the UK must have and maintain comprehensive private medical insurance for the duration of their stay, as a condition of their visa. BRITISH CITIZENSHIP Those arriving on Work Visas may apply for British citizenship after five years, provided they have worked, paid tax here, and maintained their medical insurance throughout that time. We will revoke the British citizenship of those who have obtained it by fraud or deception and remove them from the country. ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION AND FOREIGN CRIMINALS There will be no amnesty for illegal immigrants. We will increase the number of immigration compliance and enforcement teams. Foreign criminals will not be granted a visa to enter the UK. Migrants who commit crimes resulting in a custodial sentence will have their visa revoked and be detained until they are deported. THE RIGHTS OF EU NATIONALS UKIP will allow law-abiding EU citizens living in the UK before Article 50 was triggered the right to stay here indefinitely. We expect the same concession to be granted to British citizens living overseas within the EU. EU nationals who entered the UK after 29th March 2017 will not have the automatic right to remain and when we leave the EU will lose access to all benefits, including non-urgent healthcare. No benefits will be paid for any dependants living overseas when we leave the EU. INTEGRATION IS AS IMPORTANT AS IMMIGRATION In Britain, we do not believe in treating women or gay people as second-class citizens, and we hold to a fundamental belief in democracy and free speech. UKIP’s points-based immigration system will therefore include one further major principle: we will test the social attitudes of migration applicants to foster community cohesion and protect core British values. UKIP’s immigration policies will bring to Britain the brightest, the best, and those with the talents our economy most needs. They are fair, equitable, and similar to those operating in numerous other countries worldwide, such as Australia, New Zealand, and the USA. They will benefit Britain, and redress the imbalance that has caused so much frustration, for so long. “Only UKIP’s immigration policy has, at its heart, a sustainable, ethical and fair system that will restore public faith in the process. We recognise the new openness in our world and the positive benefits controlled, balanced  immigration can bring to our nation.” John Bickley, Immigration Spokesman Britain United Under One Law For All Britain has always welcomed people of whatever faith, nationality or creed who have wanted to make their home in this country, but a lack of vision for an integrated Britain has led to our society becoming more and more fragmented. UKIP will take integration as seriously as we have immigration, and we will not tolerate the intolerable. UKIP stands for a country united under the same set of laws and values. We believe firmly that a multi-ethnic society can be a harmonious and successful one, but only if it is bound together by an over-arching attachment to Britain and British identity. In treating all practices and traditions as being of equal standing, however much they might offend our values and laws, our national leaders have made a grave error. Peter Whittle AM, Deputy Leader and Culture Spokesman Over many years, the policy of ‘multiculturalism’ has fragmented British society by allowing new migrants to Britain to behave in exactly the same way as they would if they were still in their countries of origin. Multiculturalism has prevented criticism of certain religious beliefs and cultural practices, even those the overwhelming majority of British people would consider repugnant, and which threaten rights and equalities established in Britain for decades. Nobody voted for multiculturalism, yet all of us are living with the results of it. It is generally those who have little interest in preserving British identity, or who are indeed hostile to the very idea of it, who champion multiculturalism most fiercely. They are vociferous in shutting down debate. UKIP will stand up for the equal rights of all people in Britain, and say we are proud of our country and its achievements, our values of free speech, democracy, independence, and patriotism. We will promote British values in our legal system, in our schools, and in our society. ONE LAW FOR ALL A society that can pick and choose what legal system it lives under gradually ceases to be a society at all. The growth of sharia councils is of great concern to the public, as is the apparent unwillingness of the political class to prevent them proliferating. UKIP will take action: we will establish a legal commission to draw up proposals to disband sharia councils. It is simple: there should be one law for all. My generation was at the forefront of tackling sexist attitudes towards women. I remember celebrating the Equal Pay Act and the Sex Discrimination Act in the 1970s, and believed we were well on the way to winning the battle for equal rights, in society, in the workplace and in our homes. But now the threat to women’s emancipation is as serious as ever. We cannot take our rights for granted. Margot Parker MEP, Women and Equalities Spokeswoman EQUAL RIGHTS FOR ALL WOMEN If we compare the rights of women in the UK to those of the majority of women overseas, the contrast is striking. Acceptance of the concept of sexual equality is largely confined to a handful of economically advanced nations. Mass uncontrolled immigration has opened the door to a host of people from cultures with little or no respect for women, yet when their views have been challenged, some on the ‘Left’ of politics, in particular, have encouraged them to claim a ‘victim’ status they do not deserve. UKIP will challenge those who do not uphold the rights of women, or who set themselves on a deliberate collision course with core British values of equality, free speech and democracy. We will protect all women, regardless of their race, ethnicity or religion. Culture is not an excuse for crime, nor is ignorance of the law. STANDING UP FOR WOMEN IN MINORITY COMMUNITIES Every woman, indeed anyone who believes in women’s rights, should be outraged by the appalling practices occurring on a daily basis in minority communities across Britain. A new case of Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is reported in Britain every hour. 14 NHS clinics in England deal exclusively with FGM cases and 65,000 girls are thought to be at risk of FGM. The practice of ‘breast ironing’ also appears to beincreasingly prevalent in the UK, with around 1,000 cases identified. Some 11,000 incidences of so-called ‘honour’ crime were recorded by UK police forces during 2010-2014, and there were eighteen recorded cases of honour killings during the same period. Government research in 2011 found thatbetween 5,000 and 8,000 people are at risk of being forced into marriage every year. UKIP will show zero tolerance to all these crimes and aim to eradicate them from our country. Bigots who shout ‘racism’ or ‘Islamophobia’ will not intimidate us. They legitimise the problem and demonstrate their ignorance. We are proud of our position. They need to get their moral compasses fixed. FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION The Prohibition of Female Circumcision Act (1985) made FGM illegal, but there has not been a single successful prosecution. The current approach, which focuses on education and support alone, fails thousands of girls every year. In addition to current programmes, we will also: Make failure to report a known instance of FGM a criminal offence •Implement a screening programme for girls identified to be at risk of FGM from birth to age sixteen, consisting of annual non-invasive physical check-ups •Carry out additional check-ups on girls at risk when they return to the UK from trips to countries where FGM is known to be customary •Make FGM an indictable offence (meaning it can only be heard in the Crown Court) with a sentencing starting point of six years. Measures similar to these are already law in France, which has a far better record than we have on preventing and prosecuting FGM. These policies are already proven to work. They will protect girls from FGM by deterring those who would harm them and help provide essential evidence to mount prosecutions when FGM has taken place. Prosecutions in France have played a vital role in getting parents to abandon the practice of FGM. Parents are complicit in allowing their children to be cut, and we will instruct police forces and the Crown Prosecution Service to rigorously investigate and pursue them, as well as those who actually commit the act. OTHER ‘CULTURAL’ CRIMES Women at risk from their own families and communities need our help and protection. UKIP will uphold the integrity of British law and ensure it applies to each individual equally, irrespective of his or her race, faith or ethnic origin. We will: Make ‘breast ironing’ a specific criminal offence •Add ‘offences committed to protect family or personal honour’ to the Sentencing Council’s list of aggravating factors, giving leave to impose greater sentences •Prosecute all cases of child and forced marriage and refuse permanent leave to remain and/or British citizenship to any adult known to have procured a child marriage for themselves or their children •Make certain that neither the legal nor the welfare system in Britain ever recognises polygamy •Include information on cultural crimes in safeguarding training for teachers, staff and school governors. SHOW YOUR FACE IN A PUBLIC PLACE UKIP will ban wearing of the niqab and the burqa in public places. Face coverings such as these are barriers to integration. We will not accept these de-humanising symbols of segregation and oppression, nor the security risks they pose. Suggestions that UKIP is undermining liberty with this policy are absurd. There is no human right to conceal your identity. If anything prevents liberty, it is the niqab, by preventing women from being perceived as individuals in their own right. We want to open opportunities to all women, so that they can participate fully in life and in the workplace. Clothing that hides identity, puts up barriers to communication, limits employment opportunities, hides evidence of domestic abuse, and prevents intake of essential vitamin D from sunlight is not liberating. We stand in solidarity with women worldwide who are rebelling against the imposition of the niqab and burqa. ENDING ISLAMIST EXTREMISM IN OUR SCHOOLS Three years ago, the ‘Trojan Horse’ scandal revealed how Islamists had attempted to take over several schools in Birmingham and use them to propagate their warped ideology. The plot nearly succeeded, and hundreds of young minds were at risk. We must never again be caught napping like this: we must wake up to the reality that extremism is taking hold in our country. “Those of us who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender may have first hand experience of how misogynistic  and homophobic attitudes  are tolerated in the name of ‘respecting cultural differences.’  It is important to stand up for true equality in the face of those who would dismiss it.” Flo Lewis, Chair, LGBT in UKIP The failure to address the crucial topic of integration has led to a dangerous situation where young people with little or no experience of wider British society, except having been told that it is bad, are at risk of being brought up as hardline  and potentially violent Islamists. David Kurten AM, Education Spokesman Until such time as the Muslim community is better integrated, UKIP proposes: Immediately putting into Special Measures schools found to be exposing children to Islamism Giving schools the right to dismiss forthwith any teachers, members of staff or governors found to be actively supporting radical mosques or imams Requiring Ofsted to conduct snap inspections of schools when parents or pupils have raised concerns that: Girls are being offered unequal access to music, dance, PE or drama lessons, or are otherwise discriminated against Anti-Western, anti-Semitic, or anti-equality views are being expressed by staff or governors Muslim or non-Muslim pupils who challenge or do not share hardline views are being bullied or ridiculed. Strong actions, not political correctness, are needed now, or we will all suffer the consequences in the future. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Declare St George’s Day, April 23rd, as a Bank Holiday in England; and St David’s Day, 1st March, in Wales •End the use of multi-lingual formating on official documents. These will be published only in English and, where appropriate, Welsh and Gaelic •Protect religious freedoms in accordance with Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, provided those beliefs exist firmly within the framework of British law. We will not condone any faith position that is itself intolerant of the human rights of others Policing, Prison, Punishment UKIP is the only party prepared to put its faith in imprisonment and a strong police force as the bedrock of our criminal justice system. We will promote rehabilitation, but also believe in containment, deterrence and punishment. The Tories used to claim they were the party of law and order but on this, like on so much else, they have let the British people down. Their new definition of the purpose of prison does not even use the word ‘punishment.’ The Tories seem more interested in prosecuting loyal former service personnel than they are in reprimanding real criminals. Jane Collins MEP, Home Affairs Spokeswoman The wealthy might feel safe, secreted away in large houses in lovely areas, living behind electronic gates and protected by top-of-the range burglar alarms. It is a different story for working class people forced to watch as their communities are blighted by the criminality and antisocial behaviour perpetrated by a wrecking minority on their less gentrified estates. It seems only UKIP will stand up for them. Our approach to criminality contrasts starkly with that of the other parties. As Home Secretary, Theresa May was soft on crime. She went the way of the Labour party, putting the human rights of offenders before those of their victims, tiptoeing around even the most hardened criminals, instead of concentrating on protecting the public. We will not tolerate a perverse criminal justice system that allows criminals to get away with serious crimes or repeat offending because the police are under-resourced. We will train and deploy 20,000 more police and employ 7,000 more prison officers. REBUILDING OUR POLICE FORCES The thin blue line is no longer just thin, it is malnourished and emaciated. In their report of March 2017, Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary highlighted an erosion of preventative policing and revealed a catalogue of failings. Emergency calls were deliberately downgraded when fewer officers were on duty, and gang violence was not classified as organised crime to avoid having to deploy additional resources. High-risk domestic abuse victims were downgraded to a lower level of concern, and officers were assigned to investigations they were not qualified to conduct. Forces struggled to find resources to investigate violent crimes. “UKIP says: ‘If you can’t do the time, don’t do the crime.’ We think crime must always merit punishment. However much of a waste of a life it might seem to keep someone locked up, if that is what it takes to keep others safe, we will keep them locked up”. Peter Jewell, Justice Spokesman Theresa May’s legacy as Home Secretary has been to produce a police force that cannot be relied upon to investigate crime properly, and crime figures that cannot be relied upon at all. The job of police officers is to prevent crime, keep people safe and catch criminals. We will give them the resources they need to succeed. We will train and employ 20,000 more frontline officers and equip them with all they need to conduct proper investigations, and track and arrest more suspects. These jobs will first be offered to ex-armed forces personnel. STOP AND SEARCH In 2014, Theresa May weakened Stop and Search, saying it was undermining relations with ethnic minority communities. UKIP warned this would lead to an increase in knife crime and, sadly, we have been proved right. Knife crime rose 24 per cent in London last year when 61 people were knifed to death in the city. Sixteen people were stabbed and killed in London in just the three weeks before this manifesto went to print. Theresa May showed weakness and inconsistency on Stop and Search and this has cost lives. UKIP agrees with the father of murdered schoolboy Damilola Taylor: the police need greater Stop and Search powers to combat knife crime. UKIP will reinstate full Stop and Search powers to the police and reduce the burden of paperwork police have to complete each time they exercise this function. SORTING OUT OUR PRISONS Our prisons are overcrowded, understaffed, and rapidly becoming hotbeds of violence and Islamist extremism. Drug use is also rising. These factors unite to increase the risk of prison rioting, or of prison officers losing control, which could lead to serious injury or loss of life. This vicious circle has to stop. UKIP will: Boost the number of prison officers by 7,000: There are 7,000 fewer prison officers, supervising officers and custodial managers working in England and Wales than in 2010. Restoring this number will restore adequate staffing levels. These jobs will be offered first to ex-armed forces personnel. Reduce Prison Overcrowding: 68 per cent of our prisons are overcrowded, according to the latest Ministry of Justice statistics. The Conservatives plan to build four new prisons, close older jails, and reduce the numbers of people incarcerated to solve the problem. UKIP thinks this is potentially disastrous: those who benefit most from prison are the law-abiding people who do not go. We will keep all existing prisons open and continue with the current building programme. We will send as many as possible of the 13,000 foreign nationals in our jails back to their home countries and, in future, will seek to have foreign criminals serve sentences in their countries of origin. If they wish to appeal against their convictions they must do so from their country of origin and pay their own costs. Our tough immigration policies will weed out potential troublemakers. Cut Violence in Prisons: Serious assaults within prison walls are increasing. Two prison guards are attacked every day, a threefold rise in just four years, and there were also 18,510 prisoner¬on-prisoner attacks during 2016. We will bring all those who assault prison staff or other prisoners before the courts. Tackle Illegal Drug Use: Prisoners testing positive for illegal substances while in prison will be limited to ‘closed’ visits from friends or family for six months, meaning they will be separated from their visitors by glass. Prisoners are encouraged to deal with drug addiction problems during their incarceration, and we do them no favours by not taking a tough line. Address Islamist Extremism: All criminals are at risk of becoming radicalised behind bars, not just the 14.4 per cent of Muslim prisoners. The Quilliam Foundation, a counter-extremism think-tank, says prisons risk becoming ‘universities of terror’ unless extremists are segregated from the wider prison population. This approach is shortly to be piloted at three prisons, along with ‘de-radicalisation’ programmes. We will monitor progress and extend these schemes if they are successful. We will also: Ensure no prisoner has better ‘perks’ than any other, whatever their faith •Refuse admission to prisons to any imam, preacher or individual known to promote views contrary to British values •Give prison governors new powers to impose measures to combat Islamic extremism and gang violence in prisons. We will review the sentencing regime for police, prison staff or other law enforcement officials convicted of crimes. We take an especially dim view of corruption, for which we will impose minimum five-year sentences. TOUGHER ACTION ON ‘HONOUR’ CRIME AND GROOMING GANGS The Sentencing Council produces guidelines listing ‘aggravating factors’ which make a crime more serious, so it may incur a higher sentence on conviction. We propose that so-called ‘honour crimes’ should be added to that list. We will also make it clear that the aggravating factor of ‘racial or religious motivation’ may apply to any offender, of any race or faith. THE 2003 LICENSING ACT This Act relaxed opening hours for pubs, bars and clubs and increased the number of establishments able to serve alcohol. The social consequences have not resembled the ‘continental-style café culture’ Tony Blair claimed it would. A survey of emergency workers carried out in 2015 by the Institute of Alcohol Studies revealed 52 per cent of paramedics, 42 per cent of A&E doctors and three-quarters of police officers have been attacked in the course of their duties by people who were intoxicated. To protect emergency workers from abuse, we will repeal the 2003 Licensing Act and bring in new legislation to reduce the density of alcohol outlets and restrict trading times. THE EUROPEAN ARREST WARRANT UKIP will opt out of the European Arrest Warrant. The EAW is in fundamental opposition to the principle of ‘innocent until proven guilty.’ We will co¬operate fully with extradition requests, but not allow British citizens to be extradited to a foreign jurisdiction for minor crimes, when there is no clear case against them, or when they are unlikely to receive a fair trial. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Repeal Labour’s Human Rights legislation and remove the UK from the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights. •Introduce a new UK Bill of Rights. •Prevent foreign criminals from entering the UK and introduce a fast-track deportation system for those convicted of crimes in the UK •Prosecute all cases of adult sexual behaviour with under-age minors, and maintain the current age of consent •Update licensing laws to limit the maximum stake on fixed-odds betting terminals to £2 •Keep and enforce current legislation on the use of illegal drugs •Refuse to give prisoners the vote •Adopt a zero tolerance approach to anti¬social behaviour and nuisance and noisy neighbours •Make the setting up of a traveller pitch without permission a criminal offence. Britain’s New Role in the World By reclaiming our status as an independent, democratic nation, the UK can through force of example play a role similar to that it played through force of arms in two World Wars: that of a shining star illuminating the way ahead for other European countries. Brexit means stepping boldly out into a global world as an important actor on the world stage. Free to pursue a foreign policy prioritising British interests and the security of our nation, UKIP will ensure the safety, wealth and prosperity of British citizens, while meeting our international responsibilities. Paul Nuttall, UKIP Leader There is no question about it: when we leave the EU, Britain will retain her status as a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and as a leading member of NATO, the organisation that has been the bedrock of our security since the aftermath of the Second World War. We will sustain our position within the special intelligence ‘Five Eyes’ alliance with the US, Canada, New Zealand and Australia, and continue to value our home within the Commonwealth. Indeed, Brexit means we can help re-invigorate the Commonwealth, with trade agreements and increased engagement to give these friendly countries parity of esteem in our foreign relations policy. UKIP will stand up for the territorial integrity of British dependencies and territories. We remain full committed to upholding the right to self-determination of the people of the Falkland Islands who overwhelmingly wish to remain British. We will offer the citizens of Gibraltar a referendum on becoming fully British, and having their own MP in the House of Commons. Our EU membership has weakened our foreign policy interests, so we naturally welcome our coming freedom. However, we will of course continue our close cooperation with our European partners on matters of defence and security once we have left the EU. In the context of an American administration that is re-evaluating its defence commitment to Europe, Britain’s position as our continent’s premier defence power is an asset that will strengthen our hand in Brexit negotiations. UKIP will work constructively with President Trump. We value the special relationship between the UK and the US, and do not believe gesture politics from establishment politicians seeking to demonstrate their disapproval of his administration is helpful to our national interest. The values shared between the US and the UK will always outlast individual political administrations in either country. We are confident the Trump administration’s positive attitude to Britain will lead to a swift free trade agreement bolstering our common interests. However, UKIP does not believe in surrendering our national freedom of action, nor pledging our armed forces in advance to any other nation when it comes to important foreign policy decisions, such as those that occurred in the run-up to the Iraq War. UKIP opposed Britain becoming involved in this conflict from the start. UKIP supports the recent tradition of consulting parliament before our forces are committed to combat situations. We are proud of our pro-active role in opposing British participation in the planned bombing of Syria in 2013. The results of western military intervention across North Africa and the Middle East in the 21st century have been disastrous, from Libya, to Syria, Iraq, and even to Afghanistan, where a necessary initial intervention lost momentum and focus because forces were switched to the Iraq War. In the years ahead, UKIP will avoid allowing Britain to become embroiled in foreign wars. We will maintain our sceptical view of neo¬conservative arguments for attempting to deliver change in the Middle East at gunpoint. You cannot bomb people into democracy. When it comes to the greatest threat to world peace and the British way of life, UKIP is convinced this comes from the spread of radical Islam across the globe. The threshold for seeking to topple anti-Islamist leaders will therefore remain very high indeed. We want to see a peaceful resolution to the Israel-Palestine conflict and will put our full diplomatic weight behind seeking this outcome. UKIP will seek better relations with Russia, but only on the basis of Russia changing its approach to international relations, no longer seeking to intervene in and manipulate the conduct of politics in western nations, and having respect for the territorial integrity of other countries. We see Russia as a potential important ally in the struggle against Islamist terror, and believe Russia should immerse itself in global rules-based relationships instead of seeming to glory in renegade status within the international community. UKIP will retain Britain’s independent nuclear deterrent. Give the continued existence of rogue states such as North Korea, any other policy would be utterly irresponsible. Defending Our Nation, Supporting Our Veterans Despite the ever-present threat to our safety, our Armed Forces have been cut to the bone. UKIP will spend a genuine two per cent of GDP on defence, increase the number of those serving in our armed  forces by 20,000, properly equip those on active service, and look after  those who are prepared to put their lives on the line for our country,  in service and when discharged. UKIP will restore Britain’s armed forces to their rightful place among the most professional, flexible and effective fighting forces in the world, and we will sign a new military covenant with our brave heroes.’ Mike Hookem MEP, Veterans Spokesman Cllr. Bill Etheridge MEP, Defence Spokesman REBUILDING OUR ARMED FORCES US President Theodore Roosevelt said the key to success in foreign policy was to “speak softly but carry a big stick.” In the modern era, British politicians have all too often shouted loudly while carrying a matchstick. In 2010, the new Conservative-led government began including the Single Intelligence Account, Armed Forces pensions and Trident in the defence budget, rather than accounting for them separately. This sleight of hand budgeting allowed them to claim they were still meeting our NATO obligation to spend two per cent of GDP on defence, when in fact our armed forces were being steadily depleted. Tory cuts to the equipment programme and manpower have been deep: they have put our national security at serious risk. THE ARMY The Conservatives ignored their manifesto pledge to keep army numbers above 82,000: reductions imposed on the defence budget since 2010 have shrunk the Army to 78,000, its smallest size since the Napoleonic Wars. Main battle tank strength has been cut by 40 per cent and there has been a 35 per cent cut in self-propelled artillery. The government’s ambition to recruit 30,000 personnel to the Territorial Army to address the shortfall in regular army manpower was a fatally flawed concept and undeliverable from the start. Regulars and Territorials are not interchangeable. THE ROYAL NAVY In 1982, the Royal Navy sent 115 ships, including two aircraft carriers carrying jet fighters, plus 23 destroyers and frigates, to retake the Falkland Islands from Argentina. Today, after decades of cuts, the Royal Navy is a shadow of its former self. The surface fleet is currently down to just 17 frigates and destroyers. The Navy’s Harpoon missiles will retire from the fleet’s frigates and destroyers in 2018 without a replacement, and there will be a two-year gap without helicopter-launched anti-shipping missiles. The Royal Navy has shed people faster than ships: we had 39,000 sailors in 2000; now they number only 29,000. The Strategic Defence and Security Review of 2015 vowed to stop cutbacks on the fleet, but the damage has already been done. The two new Queen Elizabeth-class aircraft carriers will not be operational before 2020. Even then, serious questions remain about whether the Royal Navy will be able to man, operate and protect them. It would take nearly every ship in the current surface fleet to form an effective carrier group so they could be deployed. Moreover, it has been widely reported that each carrier will routinely deploy with only a dozen F-35B aircraft. In comparison, the two Royal Navy carriers involved in the Falklands Conflict carried twenty-odd Harrier jump jets each. THE ROYAL AIR FORCE The Royal Air Force is shedding one sixth of its staff, some 7,000 personnel, and 295 aircraft. By then, the RAF will have fewer than 200 fighter planes for the first time since the beginning of World War I. Despite Russia probing UK air space on a regular basis, we no longer have any maritime patrol aircraft. In 2015, the UK found itself in the embarrassing position of having to call upon surveillance assistance from US, Canadian, French and German aircraft, more than 20 times. Many frontline pilots have been on active combat operations for more than a decade. Combat fatigue has taken its toll and experienced aircrew are leaving the service. The weapons officers who fly behind the pilot in the two-seater Tornado are particularly in short supply. After decades of Treasury-driven budgetary cuts, the RAF finds itself in the unhappy position of doing less with less, with no prospect of an upturn in its fortunes. A GENUINE COMMITMENT TO OUR NATO OBLIGATIONS The Tories have threatened our security by leaving huge holes in our national defences. They have failed the British people, who must remain well protected in an increasingly dangerous world, and those who put their lives on the line for us, who must be properly equipped. Britain must have a well resourced, properly manned, fit-for-purpose armed force, one with the capability to defend simultaneously Gibraltar and the Falklands Islands, contribute to one major theatre operation and several peacekeeping missions. UKIP will spend a genuine two per cent of GDP on defence, and scale up defence spending by an additional £1 billion per year by the end of the parliament. UKIP will reverse the de¬militarisation of our country and rebuild our Armed Forces. DEFENCE PROCUREMENT UKIP will overhaul the wasteful defence procurement process. It has lacked proper scrutiny, been based on protectionism rather than on the needs of our Armed Forces, and is subject to inappropriate lobbying and cronyism on a massive scale. Even Gordon Brown railed against the “incestuous relationship between the Ministry (of Defence) and the arms world,” although he did nothing about it. Defence contracts regularly run massively over budget and over time. Botched projects have become the norm. Despite the fact that Defence Equipment and Support (the organisation responsible for purchasing equipment) employs 12,300 people, one for every six full time soldiers in the British Army, it has failed to deliver value for money for taxpayers and has left service personnel at risk. UKIP will end the cosy relationship between ministers, officials and arms firms that lies at the heart of poor defence procurement decision-making. DISCHARGED FROM SERVICE: A NEW MILITARY COVENANT FOR OUR HEROES The political class has got its priorities so wrong. In February this year, Theresa May announced MPs would get a £1,049 pay rise. Meanwhile, she capped pensions for 140,000 British war heroes and widows, giving them just £1.10 per week. In 2015, UKIP promised to create a new Veterans’ Administration, organisationally independent and financially separate from the Ministry of Defence. This is still a priority for us: Britain must do more for veterans. THE VETERANS’ ADMINISTRATION: KEY ROLES The Veterans’ Administration will have its own minister and work with existing veteran services and charities. It will provide a single point of contact for veterans in a range of fields: health care, housing, counselling, education and training, rehabilitation, hospital care, access to financial services, benefits and memorials. The department will also have responsibility for issues such as bereavement support, homelessness, drug and alcohol abuse and veterans’ mental health. The Veteran’s Administration will issue a veterans’ service card to ensure fast-track access to NHS and mental health care, and award a National Defence Medal to all veterans, irrespective of rank or length of service. HOSTELS FOR HOMELESS VETERANS No veteran should be homeless, let alone have to sleep rough on the street, yet this is happening because the Government is not enforcing a law stating military heroes must be offered homes. UKIP will enforce this law, and build eight halfway house veterans’ hostels, each with 200 rooms and modelled on similar hostels already in operation. We will also assign 500 affordable rent homes every year to ex-forces personnel. GUARANTEED JOBS FOR EX-SERVICEMEN AND WOMEN UKIP will guarantee a job in the police service, prison service or border force for anyone who has served in the Armed Forces for a minimum of 12 years. Our ‘Boots to Business’ policy will help ex-service personnel set up their own businesses by offering loans, grants, free professional advice and mentoring to any veteran who wishes to pursue an entrepreneurial career after leaving the forces. ENDING LEGAL HARRASSMENT OF EX-SERVICE PERSONNEL UKIP will not allow veterans to be chased, harassed and intimidated by over-zealous human rights lawyers, most of whom are unlikely even to begin to comprehend the pressures of the battlefield. We will bring forward legislation preventing veterans from being pursued for years by police and prosecutors for actions taken whilst in the service of the Crown. We will not permit veterans to be tried over allegations of misconduct dating from half a century ago under any circumstances. Veterans should not be sleeping in the streets or consigned to the dole, nor hounded for doing their jobs. UKIP is determined they will get the help, care and respect they deserve. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Create an over-arching role of Director of National Intelligence, who will be lead a new, single, unified intelligence service •Revise the Armed Forces’ terms of service, to ensure personnel on operational duty overseas do not pay income tax •Oppose any form of military integration with the European Union. Trade Not Aid: Eradicating Poverty and Securing Britain’s Global Future UKIP has long believed that trade, not aid, is the most secure route to economic prosperity for the developing world. We will reduce the foreign aid budget and advance free trade deals to the poorest nations to help lift them out of poverty. Only UKIP believes our foreign aid budget should be reduced and reallocated to the NHS and other struggling public services. We are not afraid to say charity begins at home, that the primary responsibility of a British government is to protect British interests and improve the lives of the British people. Cllr Lisa Duffy, Foreign Aid Spokeswoman A 2015 World Economic Forum study concluded that in the developing world there was ‘no effect of aid on growth,’ yet UKIP is the only party in this election offering voters a real choice when it comes to foreign aid spending. The others all back spending 0.7 per cent of our Gross National Income (GNI), regardless of results. When carefully targeted, aid can feed the poor and heal the sick, but regular aid payments may act as a disincentive to economic growth. Between 1970 and 1998, when aid flows to Africa were at their peak, poverty in Africa worsened. Despite receiving over £400 billion in aid over the past forty years, the continent remains poor. It is time to consign to history the idea that pouring ever-greater sums into the foreign aid budget is a signal of our virtue. It is a hangover from the era of celebrity-driven politics personified by Tony Blair and David Cameron. In many cases, it can be demonstrated to be doing more harm than good. Leaving the EU gives us the chance to boost the fortunes of developing countries by striking Free Trade Agreements with them. UKIP will make ‘Transition to Trade’ offers to some of the biggest aid recipient nations as we gradually reduce the amount of UK taxpayers’ money we send to them. UKIP will close down the Department for International Development. We will repeal the law requiring us to spend 0.7 per cent of GNI on foreign aid and reduce the aid budget to 0.2 per cent of GNI over time. This will save at least £10 billion a year, which we will spend on other priorities, such as the NHS. A single Minister For Overseas Development working out of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office will administer aid. This will bring Britain’s aid spending into line with that of other advanced nations, such as the USA. We will still be spending around £4 billion annually, which is more in cash terms than Spain and Italy combined. We will continue to fund projects that make a real difference: clean water programmes, childhood inoculations, medical assistance, and disaster and emergency relief. We will offer contracts for aid programmes to British providers first, so that we are better able to see what results we get from various programmes and track spending. We will not allow taxpayers’ money to be spent by aid organisations such as the International Rescue Committee, who pay David Miliband a salary of £425,000. A DEDICATED BRITISH HOSPITAL SHIP British medical expertise and disaster support is among the best in the world. Our help is always welcome in the aftermath of natural disaster, disease epidemic, or famine. To increase the contribution Britain can make in times of global crises, UKIP will commission, equip and staff a Naval Ocean-Going Surgical Hospital (NOSH). As 95 per cent of the world’s largest 100 cities are port cities, and 90 per cent of the world’spopulation live within 200 miles of the sea, this will be an extremely useful way to deliver large-scale relief to our armed forces on activeoperational duties, to civilians and refugees in war zones, or to undertake humanitarianmissions in peacetime. The new ship willalso provide useful reinforcement in case of emergencies here at home. The new NOSH will have at least 500 beds, a flight deck and large hangar to support several helicopters, as well as vehicle decks. It will be a highly visible ambassador for Britain, andwill replace the Royal Navy’s current sea-borne medical capability, RFA ARGUS, which is set to retire in 2020. It will not carry weapons, giving it the full protection of the Geneva Convention in times of war. This flagship project will help confirm Britain’s status as a force for good in the world, while simultaneously expanding our naval capabilities. ETHICAL TRADE WILL ERADICATE POVERTY UKIP will not be sorry to see the back of the EU’s morally repugnant trade tariff regime. It has blatantly accentuated poverty in some of the poorest nations on earth. African farmers, for example, may export raw cocoa beans to the EU without paying any tariffs, but if they want to export chocolate, tariffs are high. It is the same with coffee. In 2014, the whole of Africa made just under £1.6 billion from raw coffee bean exports, but Germany alone made £2.6 billion just by exporting roasted beans, despite not growing a single coffee crop. Our focus on trade, not aid, means we can establish ethical relationships with developing countries by assisting agriculture and industrial growth, rather than simply sending money that is likely to be abused and misspent by dubious regimes. William Dartmouth MEP, Trade Spokesman UKIP will seek to support the economies, infrastructure development, education, health, agriculture and trading capacity of developing nations. We will not engage in unethical trade practices that harm or inhibit their trade, traditional lifestyles, or natural resources. This will be a far better way to help developing nations lift themselves out of poverty and become self-sufficient. Even Bono has now admitted it. THE WORLD IS OUR OYSTER Of all the insults thrown at the Leave campaign by the Remain camp, one of the most ludicrous was the ‘little Englanders’ taunt. The polar opposite is true: those who voted for Brexit could see a brighter, more global and economically successful future outside the confines of a contracting and ever-more protectionist EU. Trade Not Aid: Eradicating Poverty and Securing Britain’s Global Future For decades our EU membership has been a factor in our diluted economic growth, flat-lining wages, and diminishing influence on the world stage. In future, we shall have wider and easier access to overseas markets. For British consumers, choice will increase, prices will fall, and we will not be so reliant upon monopoly suppliers. Increased competition is likely to fuel innovation and offer opportunities for the transfer of expertise and technology, which in turn means more jobs, and a stronger economy. Leaving the EU is not about becoming ‘little Englanders,’ it is about putting the ‘Great’ back into Great Britain. It is about embracing new trading markets in all seven continents of the globe. Naturally, we should like to agree a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with the EU, and continue to trade on the same basis as at present. As the UK is the EU’s largest single export market, the EU should want to reach a swift and sensible trade deal with us. However, if the EU continues to make unreasonable demands in return for even talking about free trade, then we must be prepared to walk away. In circumstances where the EU continues to insist Britain pay a huge ‘divorce’ settlement of up to €100 billion, or continues to demand we accept the on-going jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice and allow the free movement of people, trading with the EU within the legal framework of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) would be the far better option. Not having an FTA with the EU will not prevent our trading with EU businesses, so talk of a ‘cliff edge’ is pure hyperbole. Neither could we ‘crash out’ of the EU, because trade is not going to stop, whatever happens. It should also be remembered that the EU is itself a member of the WTO and subject to its rules, so therefore extremely limited in any hostile action it could take against Britain. Trading on WTO terms will never be a ‘punishment’ option, but may be an economically sound choice. OUR TRADE PRINCIPLES Post-Brexit, UKIP’s aim is to establish the UK on the world market as a low tax, low regulation economy. The UK will contribute to the World Trade Organisation’s aim for trade to flow as smoothly, predictably and freely as possible. We will reduce tariffs wherever possible, unless initiating anti-dumping measures, and oppose the establishment and continuance of protectionist customs unions such as the EU. The sooner we can start making our own free trade deals with countries around the world, the better. Leaving the EU is a win-win situation for UK trade, our global business partners, and developing nations. Countries are already queuing up to make trade deals with Britain: we can only hope work is already underway to negotiate, conclude, sign and ratify those deals so they that can come into effect on day one after Brexit. Transport: Keeping Britain Moving Everyone understands the frustration of being stuck in a traffic jam or going nowhere on a delayed train or bus. UKIP will improve our existing transport infrastructure instead of investing in vanity projects such as HS2 and the environmentally destructive third runway at Heathrow. Motorists have had enough of being treated like cash cows and told to stop using their cars. UKIP recognises the huge contribution drivers make to our economy, and that driving is the only viable travel option for many. We are the party that stands up for the beleaguered motorist. Jill Seymour, Transport Spokeswoman Britain’s prosperity depends upon an operational road system and reliable public transport networks. When transport goes wrong, it has an impact on our economy and our businesses, and makes life miserable and stressful for those experiencing delays and cancellations. UKIP will get the basics right, and not waste hundreds of billions of pounds on unnecessary transport projects. UKIP WILL SCRAP HS2 Rail travel is essential but HS2 is not. This High Speed Rail project is unaffordable, requires massive borrowing, will blight people’s homes, and destroy valuable habitats. Spending £75 billion just to save a few minutes between London and Leeds is ludicrous and, we think, unethical. UKIP will put HS2 out of its misery. We will invest in upgrading existing main line services to create additional capacity, expand electrification, and improve east-west rail services and connections across the north of England. This will be infrastructure that genuinely supports the economic and industrial regeneration of the region. A slogan, ‘ The Northern Powerhouse,’ achieves nothing. ENDING ROAD TOLLS Tolling increases costs to business and the public, and adds an additional unfair burden on the already highly taxed road user. Road tolls are modern-day highway robbery, and UKIP will aim to remove existing tolls from publicly owned roads and block the introduction of new toll roads. UKIP opposes the proposed new Thames Crossing in Thurrock and will look to re-open a consultation for a new crossing further east. This will include the option for a crossing through Canvey Island, linking the A1 30 to the M2 in Kent. SUPPORT THE TRANSITION TO ZERO EMISSION VEHICLES Electrically propelled vehicles are now a serious option for many families but the charging infrastructure is not keeping pace. UKIP will support the installation of rapid charging stations in towns and cities, and encourage off street parking and charging provision in all new housing and industrial developments through the local planning process. DEFENDING DIESEL DRIVERS In the 1990s, the EU and our government promoted diesel vehicles, claiming they were more env ronmentally friendly because they produced less carbon dioxide. Incentives such as higher taxes on petrol and cuts to Vehicle Excise Duty for diesel cars worked and diesel car ownership shot up. The ‘experts,’ however, have changed their advice. Policy has now U-turned. Punitive taxes are being slapped on diesel cars and there are calls to ban them from city centres. A scrappage scheme giving diesel car owners up to £2,000 to get rid of their vehicles has also been introduced, and UKIP supports this; however, we will combine it with an incentive scheme encouraging drivers to exchange their vehicles for electric or hybrid models. UKIP will prevent diesel drivers from being penalised through higher taxes, parking fees, or emissions’ zone charging. People bought their vehicles in good faith on government advice. Milking them now for money that simply goes into the Treasury is unacceptable. SAVING RURAL BUS SERVICES Rural bus services are vital for those living in the countryside who do not have the financial means or the ability to drive. UKIP will provide start-up grants to support community bus operators using smaller and more efficient buses where commercial operators have cut essential services. AIR PASSENGER DUTY Air Passenger Duty has risen rapidly since its introduction in 1994. This is a tax on holidays as well as an additional cost to business. We will freeze APD at current levels and, when possible in future, seek to reduce it with the long-term objective of scrapping it completely. LONDON AIRPORTS AND THE SOUTH EAST Living under a flight path is damaging to health and wellbeing, and the expansion of Heathrow airport will make matters worse for many thousands more people. UKIP is dismayed the Conservatives have torn up their 2010 manifesto pledge not to go ahead with the third runway. However, there is a clear commercial need for additional airport capacity in the South East, and UKIP is delighted a £100 million investment plan to revive aviation at Manston Airport in Kent is now on the table. This would not have been possible without the tireless campaigning of UKIP councillors. An American logistics company has unveiled plans to acquire the 750-acre site, and use it as a base for at least a dozen aircraft. Thanet District Council is hoping to become a partner in a compulsory purchase order for the site. UKIP will continue to support the expansion of smaller regional airports. THE BRITDISC We will keep a record of all foreign vehicles entering the UK by introducing a windscreen mounted identification tag, which can be purchased prior to entry. This will help identify overseas drivers who break UK traffic laws and facilitate enforcement action, which can be taken prior to exit from the country. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Stop mandatory fitment of the e-call vehicle tracking system on new cars •Exempt vehicles over 25 years old from Vehicle Excise Duty •Not allow speed cameras to be used as revenue-raisers for local authorities •Scrap the Driver Certificate of Professional Competence for professionally licensed haulage drivers Protecting our Environment Brexit will not put our countryside, our marine environment, or our wildlife at risk. The idea that our membership of the EU has been only good for our environment is quite simply false. In some ways we have benefited, but in others our natural environment has suffered as  a consequence of EU policy. The EU’s Common Agricultural Policy has damaged our countryside. The Common Fisheries Policy has devastated fish stocks around our coastline. The way the EU – and our government – embraced diesel proved to be disastrous, even fatal. The Water Framework Directive led to serious flooding in many parts of the country by preventing river dredging. Repealing this directive will spare homeowners the misery of flooding and exorbitant insurance premiums. UKIP will promote evidence-based environmental schemes, and safeguard protection for Britain’s wildlife, nature reserves, areas of outstanding natural beauty, countryside, and coastlines in a new Environmental Protection Act, prioritising policies to protect our precious countryside for future generations. PROTECTING OUR ANCIENT WOODLANDS Current legislation does not go far enough in protecting natural woodland habitats. We will amend the National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF) to give ancient woodlands ‘wholly exceptional’ status, putting them on a par with listed buildings, registered parks and gardens, and World Heritage Sites. Major infrastructure projects will be required to give much more respect to irreplaceable rural capital projects which enhance the local environment or help recovery from environmental disasters natural habitats. HS2 is a prime example of this: we will scrap HS2 and ensure no infrastructure project will ever again be allowed permission to wreak such catastrophic environmental damage. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Prioritise brownfield rather than greenfield or agricultural land for new housing •Support farming and wildlife though grant schemes prioritising the preservation of natural habitats •Match fund grants made by local authorities for •Protect dolphins by banning the use of pair trawling for sea bass •Offer local referenda to overturn unpopular development approvals CREATING SMALL GREEN SPACES UKIP will amend planning legislation to promote inclusion of trees and open space into new deve opments. The need to build new homes must be countered by the human need to breathe in open, green spaces. We will also require new developments to use permeable or porous surfacing materials for single-storey, ground level domestic car parking and front gardens, so rainwater can drain away to help prevent flooding. Figures analysed by the RAC Foundation show some seven million front gardens now contain concrete and cars rather than flowers and grass, a total space roughly equivalent to 100 Hyde Parks or 72 Olympic Parks. GENERAL ELECTION DAY IS WORLD OCEANS DAY 32 million single-use plastic bottles are used every day in the UK. 16 million go directly to landfill or end up as litter. The Marine Conservation Society estimates around 160 plastic bottles per mile are scattered on our beaches. After years of sunlight and pounding waves, they break down into micro¬plastics which are ingested by plankton, shellfish, shrimp, fish, birds, turtles, other sea animals and ultimately humans. We will investigate the practicality of introducing a deposit scheme on plastic drinks bottles to encourage recycling. “After Britain leaves the European Union, UKIP will review all EU environment legislation. We will review all current EU environmental rules, keeping those which have enhanced our environment, such as improving the cleanliness of our seas and beaches, and amend or repeal legislation which can be shown to have had a detrimental effect”. Dr Julia Reid MEP, Environment  Spokeswoman Food Production and Animal Welfare When we leave the EU, we will leave the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP)  and regain the power to prioritise our own farming objectives, boost our own  food security, reform our attitude to farming, animal welfare and wildlife  management, and reinvigorate our rural economy. Farming, rural industries and rural skills have always been fundamental to our economy, our well-being, and our relationship with our countryside. Brexit offers us the chance to restore our seas, rivers, coasts, farmland, and uplands, and address the catastrophic collapse in quality habitat and wildlife species in  our country, and the loss of the specialist  craft trades and skills we need to  manage them. Stuart Agnew MEP, Agriculture Spokesman Naturally, farmers will be nervous about what might replace the CAP and the subsidy system they have become used to over forty years or so. However, UKIP will continue to make available to the agriculture sector funds that would normally be paid to them via Brussels. We will introduce a UK Single Farm Payment (SFP) that operates in a similar way to the present EU system. The major difference will be that UKIP’s SFP will be more ethical. It will end EU discrimination in favour of larger, intensive farms, and support smaller enterprises. Subsidies will be capped at £120,000 per year and, to make sure payments reach farmers, not just wealthy landowners, we will pay only those who actually farm the land. Anti-Microbial Resistance is a problem for society as a whole. UKIP will consider transferring some support to those livestock producers who commit to farming without antibiotics. To qualify for subsidies, land must be used for genuine agricultural purposes and meet Entry Level Stewardship conditions (2013 rules), meaning it must be managed to certain environmental standards. Organic farms will be paid 25 per cent more, and additional support will be given to hill farmers. There will be no set-aside, cropping or rotation restrictions. We think the British public will prefer and support UKIP’s approach. ANIMAL WELFARE Only when we have left the EU can we regain control of animal health and welfare issues. Currently, EU law prevents us from banning live exports for slaughter, and prevents us from labelling food that has been ritually killed as halal or shechita. UKIP campaigns against the EU’s stance on both. It is worth noting that should Britain stay in the single market, we would still not be able to prevent the export and import of live animals destined for the meat trade and end the unnecessary suffering this causes. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Ban the export of animals for fattening and slaughter •Tightly regulate animal testing, and continually challenge companies concerned regarding its necessity •Install CCTV in every abattoir and deal severely with any animal welfare contraventions •Forbid Jewish and Muslim methods of slaughter being carried out by unqualified individuals in unregulated premises, and deal severely with such transgressions •Insist all meat labelling identifies the method of slaughter •Triple the maximum jail sentences for animal cruelty •Impose lifetime bans on owning and/or looking after animals on any individual or company convicted of animal cruelty •Keep the ban on animal testing for cosmetics. Our Future Energy Security Brexit offers the perfect opportunity to review energy policy, prioritising lower prices and more secure supplies. There is one major problem:  a lack of MPs in Westminster who recognise the potential of a rational energy policy, and who are committed to delivering it. UKIP has a clear commitment to secure, affordable energy for everyone. We will repeal the 2008 Climate Change Act, the most expensive piece of legislation in  history. This will cut the cost of energy in our homes and encourage energy- intensive businesses that are failing because of flawed energy policies. Roger Helmer MEP, Energy Spokesman Every political party except UKIP has thrown its weight behind the 2008 Climate Change Act. Set to cost us an eye-watering £319 billion by 2030, this Act has no basis in science, and its aim of cutting greenhouse gases by 80 per cent by 2050 is unachievable. It is a textbook exercise in legislative folly, brought about by nothing more than a competitive cross-party ‘dash for green.’ While our major global competitors in the USA, China and India are switching to low-cost fossil fuels, this Act forces us to close perfectly good coal-fired power stations to meet unattainable targets for renewable capacity. If we carry on like this, the lights are likely to go out. UKIP will repeal the 2008 Climate Change Act and support a diverse energy market based on coal, nuclear, shale gas, conventional gas, oil, solar and hydro, as well as other renewables when they can be delivered at competitive prices. We will also withdraw from the Paris climate agreement and the EU Emissions Trading Scheme, to enhance our industrial competitiveness. CUTTING DOMESTIC ENERGY PRICES According to government figures, 2.3 million households are living in fuel poverty, meaning they spend more than 10per cent of their total income to heat their homes to an adequate standard of warmth. In addition to removing VAT from domestic fuel and scrapping ‘green’ levies to reduce household bills by an average of £170, we will review the ownership and profits of British utilities and the impact on consumers of steadily rising prices. We will not hesitate to table legislation to address any excesseswe uncover. CUTTING THE COST OF INTENSIVE ENERGY USE Repealing the Climate Change Act and leaving the EU means we can also reduce high commercial energy prices and prevent energy-intensive businesses from being driven offshore. Problems in the steel industry have been well publicised, but similar issues apply to aluminium, chemicals, fertilisers, glass, ceramics and petroleumrefining. Such companies may move to countries with lower environmental standards, and increase emissions, thereby rendering the 2008 Act even more futile. Energy policies pursued by Labour and the Tories are arguably increasing global emissions and causing Britain to lose jobs and investment. They have created a lose-lose situation, but only UKIP is awake to the problem. INVESTING IN SHALE GAS British demand for energy already exceeds our home-produced supply and unless we reduce this deficit, we will be importing more and more energy. This risks both our energy and pur economic security: bills will have to be paid for in foreign currency over which we haveno control, and fossil fuel cost and distribution can be severely affected by international conflict. It would be foolhardy not to maximise home produced energy and this is why UKIP will invest in shale gas exploration. If ‘fracking’ is viable in Britain, we will have tapped into a source of energy that is cost-effective and delivers domestic fuel security and stability. Careful utilisation of this method of gas extraction has the potential to create jobs, improve our industrial competitiveness and boost our economy. This makes it too great an opportunity to ignore. By any measure, shale gas extraction is far safer and cleaner than coal, on which Britain’s Industrial Revolution was based. UKIP will not, however, allow drilling for shale in our national parks or other areas of outstanding natural beauty. The Conservatives may be prepared to do this, but we are not. We will always respect local environmental issues. WE STAND BY OUR 2015 MANIFESTO PLEDGES TO: •Prevent energy companies charging extra for customers who use pre-payment meters, who do not pay by direct debit, or who require paper billing •Remove taxpayer-funded subsidies from unprofitable wind and solar schemes as soon as contractual arrangements expire. Real Democracy UKIP’s fundamental belief in radical democracy marks us out from the other parties. We want real devolution, with an English Parliament. We will abolish the House of Lords, hold binding referenda on the issues that matter most to people, and introduce a fairer voting system. There is a growing disconnect between people and politicians. People feel their voice isn’t heard, and that their vote doesn’t change anything. UKIP stands for a fundamentally different kind of politics that puts power back in the hands of the British people. Leaving the European Union is the first step on that road. Jonathan Arnott MEP, Constitutional Affairs Spokesman The fabric of the historic Palace of Westminster is in desperate need of restoration, but perhaps it is not just the building itself that is falling apart. Are the decaying walls symptomatic of what is happening inside the mother of parliaments? Government has become bloated and unmanageable. Politics is corrupted by self-interest and big business. An unaccountable elite revels in mutual back-scratching and cronyism. If the best interests of the people of this country are to be well served, our current political system needs urgent reform. UKIP believes it is time to make our nation truly democratic, and this is how we will do it. PROPORTIONAL REPRESENTATION All votes should matter, so we will introduce a voting system that genuinely reflects the will of the people as a whole. In the 2015 general election, UKIP got 12.6 per cent of the vote but only one seat, while the SNP won just 4.7 percent of the national vote but took 56 seats. The current First Past the Post (FPTP) system we use for electing MPs to our national parliament is bad for voters, bad for government, and bad for democracy. UKIP wants a fairer, more proportional voting system that makes seats match votes, and ends the inbuilt advantage the establishment parties have over smaller parties. A proportional electoral system that delivers a parliament representative of the number of votes cast, while retaining a constituency link, is one we strongly advocate. SCRAP POSTAL VOTING ON DEMAND Originally intended to increase voter turnout and enhance democracy, postal voting has had the opposite effect, fuelling “massive, systematic and organised fraud” that would “disgrace a banana republic,” according to England and Wales’s senior and most experienced Election Commissioner. UKIP will reserve postal votes only for those who can show a genuine need. Otherwise, voting must be done at polling stations. ABOLISH THE HOUSE OF LORDS It is time for the House of Lords to go. Attempts at reform have proved counter¬productive. The House of Lords Act 1999 replaced the majority of hereditary peers with appointees, which only increased the Prime Minister’s ability to put cronies into the upper chamber. The House of Lords is now stuffed with party donors and fundraisers, ex-MPs, and favoured former employees. Stuffed is the right word: the House of Lords is the second biggest legislature in the world, after the Chinese National People’s Congress. The average cost of each peer is £115,000 per year. A FAIR DEAL FOR ALL FOUR NATIONS The public widely regards the United Kingdom’s current devolutionary system as fundamentally unfair, particularly to the English. UKIP will put England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland on the same footing by instituting a new English Parliament. It will sit in the chamber vacated by the House of Lords, have its own First Minister, and its 375 members will be elected under the Additional Member system of proportional representation, one or more from each traditional county or large city and 125 top-up seats. All four nations will have broadly similar devolved powers and none will have power over matters affecting the whole of the UK, such as foreign policy, defence of the realm, or constitutional matters. A SMALLER HOUSE OF COMMONS Our national parliament will be given two primary areas of responsibility: to act as an oversight body for the regional Parliaments and Assemblies, and to deal with all matters not devolved to them. The size of the House of Commons will be halved to 325 directly elected members from across the four nations of the United Kingdom, according to a system of proportional representation. These changes will reduce the number of politicians eligible to sit in the legislature from 1475 to 700, a net reduction of 775. THE CITIZEN’S INITIATIVE If 10,000 people sign an approved parliamentary petition, the government must respond. If over 100,000 people sign it, the petition must be debated in parliament. However, this is not real democracy. Responses to petitions are often cursory, sometimes derisory, and debates rarely take place in the House of Commons chamber, so are usually badly attended and easily dismissed. We will pass legislation allowing citizens to influence our legislature directly, by giving them the power to initiate binding referenda on the issues of most importance to them. Every two years, a national referendum will be held on the issues gaining the highest numbers of signatures on approved petitions. The outcome of these referenda would be legally binding and included in the Queen’s Speech. UKIP will lead the way in saving the Union and ending friction in the current devolution settlement. Our policies will end the need for tactical voting, which undermines democracy and freedom of political choice, cut the cost and size of government, and give people a real say in how they are governed. UKIP is the real party for the people. Keeping it Local UKIP believes in localism, the kind that puts real power into the hands of the people. Our councillors put party politics last, and believe in rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done. Councillors exist to serve their communities, and one of the best ways to do that is by offering them a say in what happens on their doorstep, through the use of binding referenda. This will reinvigorate local politics, and shape our neighbourhoods to the benefit of everyone, not just powerful developers, or the most determined lobbyist. Peter Reeve MBE, Local Government Spokesman When it comes to key local issues such as out-of-town supermarkets, incinerators, and major housing developments, UKIP believes in holding binding local referenda. Why should politicians and planning authorities have the final say? UKIP is the only party to operate a ‘no whip’ system, so our councillors can always vote in the best interests of residents in their wards, because they are not bound by party politics. We oppose the ‘cabinet’ system of local governance, which puts too much power in the hands of too few people. We advocate a committee system, which brings more openness and transparency, and facilitates cross-party collaborative working. Collecting rubbish bins promptly and regularly, removing fly-tips, filling potholes, fixing broken or dim streetlights, providing enough parking, and keeping parks and libraries open: these services should be running smoothly before councillors even think about spending money on the next local vanity project. UKIP believes in keeping Council Tax as low as possible. We seek to cut excessive allowances for councillors, executive pay and bonuses, keep advertising and promotion budgets to a minimum, build partnerships with neighbouring councils to reduce costs, and abolish non-essential jobs and red tape. UKIP will end the use of council procurement cards, which operate like credit cards, encouraging over-spending and waste. Staff should stick within agreed budgets. UKIP will review the many statutory duties placed on local government, to assess whether the cost burden on councils and taxpayers can be reduced. Councils should only be doing what they do best, not what national government wants to wash its hands of. UKIP: the party with local, common sense, cost-cutting policies for local government. UKIP’s Five Year Fiscal Plan All figures in £bn