Believe In Britain May 7th presents the people of Britain with an incredible opportunity. For the first time in 100 years, there is real change on the horizon. All you Now, there is something to vote for, if you believe in Britain. have to do is vote for it. If you believe that we are big enough to make our own laws, in our own Political party manifestos are usually filled with arbitrary, over-ambitious parliament; if you believe we should have the sovereign right to control our targets and pledges to some special interest group here or there. UKIP is own borders; if you believe that we should be fiscally responsible, and stop different. adding to our national debts and expecting our children and grandchildren to pay the bill, then we are the party for you. In this document, which should inform your choice at this election, you will find serious, fully-costed policies that reflect what our party is all about: If you believe in these things and that in this year, the 800th anniversary  believing in our country. of Magna Carta, you believe we should seize the opportunity for real change in our politics; rebalance power from large corporations and big On the major issues of the day - immigration, the economy, our health government institutions and put it back into the hands of the people of this service and living standards – the establishment parties have repeatedly country, then there really is only one choice. and knowingly raised the expectations of the public, only to let us down, time and time again. If you believe in Britain, vote UKIP on May 7th. In many ways, this is where UKIP came from: a feeling that successive governments were no longer representing the will of the British people. CONTENTSINTRODUCTION TO OUR MANIFESTO 5 ECONOMY 6 IMMIGRATION  10 THE NHS 14 SOCIAL CARE  18 PENSIONS  20 WELFARE AND DISABILITY  22 CHILDCARE AND THE FAMILY  24 EDUCATION  28 HOUSING AND THE ENVIRONMENT  32 TRANSPORT  36 ENERGY  38 EMPLOYMENT  40 SMALL BUSINESS 42 FARMING AND THE COUNTRYSIDE 46 FISHING  48 HERITAGE AND TOURISM  50 CRIME AND JUSTICE  52 POLITICAL REFORM  56 LOCAL GOVERNMENT  58 BRITISH CULTURE  60 TRADE  62 DEFENCE  64 HONOURING THE MILITARY COVENANT  66 FOREIGN AFFAIRS 67 OVERSEAS AID  68 BREXIT  70 FINANCE  72 Published and Promoted by Paul Oakden, on behalf of the UK Independence Party, 1 King Charles Business Park, Old Newton Road, Heathfield, Newton Abbot, Devon, TQ12 6UT. INTRODUCTION TO OUR MANIFESTO If only all politicians could believe in Britain as UKIP does. If only they could share our positive vision of Britain as a proud, independent sovereign nation, a country respected on the world stage, a major player in global trade, with influence and authority when it comes to tackling the pressing international issues of the day. This manifesto is our blueprint for a Britain released from the shackles of the interfering EU. This makes it markedly different to those of the other main parties. While we see a free, prosperous, healthy, international future for Britain, their cowardice binds our country to a failing super-state that tells us what to do and does not listen to what we want. Our manifesto also throws down the gauntlet to those who have ridiculed us, jeered at us and lied about our voters, our people and our policies. It tells the truth about what UKIP stands for. It takes care of Britain’s finances too. Taxpayers could get so much better value for their money if we left the EU, made reasonable cuts to the foreign aid budget, replaced the unfair Barnett formula, scrapped HS2, ended ‘health tourism’ and cut the cost of government. These are our plans and they give us a budget to invest in Britain the other parties can only dream of. Without adding a penny to our burgeoning national debt, without cutting vital services and without raising taxes, we can, over the course of the next parliament: Invest an extra £12 billion into the NHS; put £5.2 billion more into social care; build a dedicated military hospital and abolish hospital parking charges End income tax on the minimum wage; cut income taxes for middle earners; scrap inheritance tax; abolish the ‘bedroom tax’ and increase the transferable personal tax allowance for married couples and civil partners Fund 6,000 additional posts spread between the police service, the prison service and the Border Agency Cut business rates for small businesses Waive tuition fees for students taking a degree in science; technology; engineering; maths or medicine Increase defence spending to 2 per cent of GDP to honour our NATO obligations Invest £1.5 billion into mental health and dementia services Pay carers an extra £572 a year Build 500 affordable rent homes every year and eight halfway house hostels for homeless veterans Remove stamp duty on the first £250,000 for new homes built on brownfield sites. Our fiscal plans identifying how we will fund these policies have been rigorously and independently assessed by the Centre for Economic and Business Research (Cebr). The Cebr has been extremely diligent and has challenged us frequently, so voters can be assured our manifesto commitments are sound and affordable. Ours is an amazing country, but it could be better still. As Mark Reckless said when he joined UKIP last year: “we are more than just a star on someone else’s flag.” Britain is great: if you believe this too, then believe in us and vote UKIP. “Our willingness to take the axe to politically correct spending programmes makes us the one party that can stick to the Treasury’s deficit elimination plan, while cutting taxes and increasing spending on vital services such as the NHS and defence of our nation.” Believe    in Britain UKIP believes the key to creating a successful, dynamic economy and a fair society lies in harnessing the ingenuity, resourcefulness and appetite for hard work  of the British people. Under previous governments, excessive rates of taxation have killed incentives for people to create wealth and make the most of their talents. Our approach to the economy revolves around restoring incentives for workers by cutting taxes and ending the current ‘open door’ arrangement for European labour that has driven down wages in recent years. By the end of the next parliament, UKIP will: Raise the personal allowance to at least £13,000 so people can earn enough money to cover their basic living costs before the state starts to take income tax out of their pay packets. This will take those on minimum wage out of tax altogether Abolish inheritance tax. Assets bought out of taxed income should not be taxed again when their owners die. We will strike out the hated ‘death tax.’ It hits the middle classes hardest, those who have worked to provide for their dependents, because the wealthiest almost always manage to avoid paying it Raise the threshold for paying 40 per cent income tax to £55,000 and introduce a new intermediate tax rate of 30 per cent on incomes ranging between £43,500 and £55,000. A tax originally designed for high earners should not be levied on middle-income earners such as school teachers and senior nurses Increase the transferable tax allowance for married couples and civil partners to £1,500. The longer term aspiration of a UKIP government will be to create an income tax structure of a basic rate of 20 per cent, an intermediate rate of 30 per cent, and a top rate of 40 per cent, meaning income taxes will be flatter and lower. Bringing down taxes on working people at the bottom and in the middle ranges of the income scale is our priority. In the longer term, we will aim to restore the personal allowance to those earning over £100,000 and make 40 per cent the top rate of tax for all, as it used to be. VAT Outside the EU, we will have control over VAT. Significantly, we will be able to deal with distortion imposed by EU legislation and zero-rate certain goods and services that have previously had VAT charged on them. This means we can – and will - remove VAT completely from repairs to listed buildings and sanitary products, for example. CORPORATION TAX DODGING It is grossly unfair that a few multi-national corporations have been able to access all the benefits of our thriving British consumer market without making a proper contribution to the costs of British society. The public has every right to be angry about this. UKIP will not allow large companies to continue getting away with paying zero or negligible corporation tax in Britain. We will bring this unfairness to an end. By restoring British tax sovereignty, which we lost when we signed up to the EU, we will end the practice of businesses paying tax in whichever EU or associated country they choose. Our membership of the EU enables companies to avoid paying some UK taxes with impunity and we will close this loophole. We will also set up a Treasury Commission to monitor the effectiveness of the new Diverted Profits Tax and bring in any further measures necessary to prevent large multinational corporations using aggressive tax avoidance schemes. REDUCING THE DEFICIT, PAYING OFF OUR DEBTS Years of mismanagement by Labour and Conservative governments have left our public finances in a mess. The public sector deficit in 2014/15 is expected to be around £90 billion and our national debt close to £1.5 trillion, £500 billion more than it was when David Cameron took over in 2010. This is a terrible legacy to leave our children and grandchildren. Interest payments on our national debt alone cost £46 billion every year: more than £700 for every man, woman and child in the country. It is more than we are spending on defence. The Chancellor has failed to stick to his 2010 promise to wipe out the deficit by the end of the current parliament, despite damaging cuts to public services. In the March 2015 Budget, a new deficit reduction schedule was unveiled, envisaging the elimination of the deficit by the third year of the next parliament, with a surplus being recorded after that. While this current Treasury plan is a reasonable target, there is little public faith it will be achieved, coming as is does in the wake of previous failure. UKIP MPs in the next parliament will make sure the Treasury sticks to this latest plan, with no backsliding. We will hold the next Chancellor’s feet to the fire when it comes to improving public finances. UKIP will make a difference by being a powerful, much-needed voice in favour of sound financial management. FINANCING UKIP SPENDING PLANS UKIP will finance a fairer tax system and fund our public spending proposals by sharp reductions in spending on specified public sector programmes. By the end of the next parliament we will: Save £9 billion a year in direct net contributions to the European Union budget by leaving the EU Reduce the overseas aid budget from 0.7 per cent to  0.2 per cent of GNI, matching the percentage contribution made by the USA. This change will be phased in so projects in progress can be completed and contractual obligations met. Annual savings will increase to £11 billion by 2019/20 and money for bilateral aid projects will not be languishing in EU bank accounts Save £4 billion a year in capital expenditure by scrapping the HS2 vanity project, which will benefit the few at the expense of many Reduce spending by £5.5 billion by replacing the Barnett Formula REPLACING THE BARNETT FORMULA The Barnett Formula is the method by which HM Treasury allocates funds to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Despite being in existence for thirty-seven years, since when we have seen devolution and significant changes in the respective countries’ fortunes, this formula has never been reviewed or updated. Now discredited, it was disowned by Lord Barnett himself. UKIP believes the Barnett Formula has passed its sell-by date. Spending has become increasingly unfair, with Scotland receiving  a considerably higher per capita spend, despite moving towards  further tax-raising and spending powers of its own. Scotland receives almost £1,400 more per person in public spending than the UK average and nearly £450 more than Wales. This is why Scotland is able to spend in a manner not possible elsewhere in the UK. We agree with the House of Lords Select Committee on the Barnett Formula which in 2009 concluded that: The Barnett Formula results in ‘per capita allocations that are arbitrary and unfair’ Scotland has ‘markedly lower overall need than Wales’ ‘The Barnett Formula should no longer be used to determine annual increases in the block grant for the devolved administration’ ‘A new system which allocates resources to the devolved administrations based on an explicit assessment of their relative needs should be introduced’ ‘A formula based on relative need is a practical possibility.’ These conclusions echoed a House of Commons Justice Committee report in the same year, which stated: ‘The Barnett Formula is overdue for reform and lacks any basis in equity or logic.’ The government of the day was urged to devise a new, needs-based formula. Both reports have been ignored. UKIP will implement these recommendations within the time frame anticipated by the House of Lords Select Committee: ‘a transitional period of between three and five years, preferably no more than seven.’ The introduction of a new system will result in substantial reductions in funding for Scotland, but, as the Scottish government is to have significant further powers over taxation, borrowing and spending in due course, it can make its own decision as to whether to raise taxes or cut public spending to balance the books. Either way, the devolved administration in Scotland will be well placed to balance its fiscal, economic and spending priorities. CUTTING THE COST OF WESTMINSTER The cost to the taxpayer of the Houses of Parliament, Ministerial Departments, the Home Civil Service and Whitehall-funded quangos is huge, running into hundreds of millions of pounds every year. UKIP believes we can make considerable savings at the same time as improving democratic accountability. These savings include: Reducing the size of the House of Commons and ensuring parliamentary constituencies across the country are of equal size Abolishing government departments when their essential powers and functions can be merged into other departments. Such departments will include the Department for Energy and Climate Change, the Department for International Development, and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport Reducing the number of secretaries of state, ministers and parliamentary undersecretaries-of-state and, accordingly, the size of government Cutting departmental running costs where they do not deliver value for money Reducing the £7.2 million cost of paid advisers and bring more transparency to their appointment Abolishing unnecessary quangos such as the Cabinet Office’s ‘Big Society’ programme (£49 million), the National Citizen Service (£62 million), DfID’s International Citizen Service Volunteers (£110 million) and Defra’s Waste Resource Action Programme (£15.5 million) Clamping down on so-called ‘fake charities,’ or state-funded political activism Ending tax-payer funded overseas junketing and non-essential ‘fact-finding’ missions Ceasing all subsidies for bars and dining rooms in the Palace of Westminster Preventing MPs claiming expenses that are not incurred wholly, exclusively and necessarily in the performance of their duties, like every other member of society. We anticipate investing savings made from cutting the cost of Westminster into a dedicated fund to contribute to the repair and maintenance of the beautiful and historic Palace of Westminster. The fabric of this building has been neglected and the estimated cost of essential repairs is currently £3 billion. Government has focused on the wrong spending priorities for far too long. It is time to stop wasting money on trying to be popular on the world stage, and  start tackling urgent, pressing  needs here in the UK. By changing our spending priorities British taxpayers can get much better value for money. UKIP will take Britain out of the red and back  into the black. IMMIGRATION “Britain is a compassionate, caring nation. In the course of our island’s history we have welcomed millions of people to these shores and we are proud of that record. UKIP does not have a problem with migration. What we do have a problem with is the uncontrolled, politically-driven immigration that has been promoted and sustained by Labour and the Conservatives.” The increasing ebb and flow of people across our planet is one of the greatest issues of our time. In 1950s Britain, some 25,000 immigrants arrived here annually and net migration was negligible. Now, immigration into the UK is at an all time high: in the year to September 2014, 624,000 migrants moved to our island and annual net migration, which takes into account those leaving the country, now stands at 298,000, again, a new record Nearly seven million immigrants came to the UK when the Blair and Brown Labour governments deliberately and recklessly threw open our borders between 1997 and 2010. Over two million more have arrived since David Cameron came to power and spectacularly broke his promise to reduce net migration to the “tens of thousands…No ifs. No buts.” This unprecedented influx has had significant consequences on our economy, our public services, our culture and our environment. Evidence from the EU and the UK Parliament’s Treasury Select Committee reveals how immigration has driven down wages and led to job losses for British workers. The sheer weight of numbers, combined with rising birth rates (particularly to immigrant mothers) and an ageing population, is pushing public services to breaking point. To meet demand, we must build one home every seven minutes; we wait longer to see our GP or be treated in hospitals; our children are learning in schools with over-sized classes,  or having lessons disrupted by building work as schools are forced to keep expanding. The British public has every right to be concerned. Surveys consistently show immigration as one of the top three issues for voters. Yet, instead of listening, the old parties have responded with insults and contempt: even our prime ministers have labelled good, decent people ‘closet racists’ and ‘bigots.’ Immigration is not about race; it is about space. Immigrants are not the problem; it is the current immigration system that is broken. Our current immigration rules ignore the wishes of the British people. They discriminate in favour of EU citizens and against the rest of the world. The system is failing so badly that we cannot even properly identify how many people enter and leave our country. TO REFORM OUR IMMIGRATION SYSTEM UKIP WILL: Take back control of our borders Put  a  five-year  moratorium  on  immigration  for  unskilled  workers,  which will enable the unemployed already living here to find work and those already working to see wage growth Introduce  an  Australian-style  points  based  system  to  manage  the  number and skills of people coming into the country, treating all citizens of the world on a fair and equal basis as a welcoming, outward-looking country Tackle the problem of sham marriages. These policies are essential if we are to give our country the breathing space it desperately needs from mass uncontrolled immigration, create harmonious, integrated communities, and catch up on building the essential infrastructure needed to sustain our growing nation. CONTROLLING OUR BORDERS We can never control immigration while we continue to be members of the European Union. Until we leave, we are forced to abide by the EU’s founding, unshakable principle of the ‘free movement of people,’ meaning we cannot prevent the flow of citizens from all EU member states into Britain. Other political parties will promise to control immigration, but while they continue to support the UK’s membership of the EU, they are not being honest with the electorate. Wholly unable to control EU migration, they can only reduce numbers by slamming the door in the face of people from around the rest of the world. The old parties already support blatant discrimination against Commonwealth countries, with whom Britain has traditionally had long and friendly relationships. This inequality will at best continue and at worst increase, under their prejudicial immigration policies. UKIP will: Increase the numbers of Border Agency staff by 2,500 Implement  new  border  control  technology  solutions  to ensure all passport and visa holders are counted in and out and to identify over-stayers, including those on student visas. MANAGING IMMIGRATION We will establish a Migration Control Commission to oversee operation of our Australian-style points based system. This commission will operate under a strict mandate to significantly reduce the numbers of people migrating to the UK. It will determine Britain’s economic and social needs annually and then recommend how many immigrants, with what skills required, we will accept into Britain. Because the other parties have failed to control immigration, UKIP will limit highly-skilled work visas to 50,000 per annum, including those from the EU, and apply a moratorium to unskilled and low-skilled labour over the course of the next parliament. UKIP has no intention of ‘pulling up the drawbridge’ to Britain, as has been suggested. We simply want to control who walks over it, like nearly 200 other countries worldwide. OUR VISA SYSTEM A new visa system will be operated on a strict principle of non-discrimination between peoples of all nations applying to work, study and visit the United Kingdom. We will offer five principal visa categories: Work  Visas  will be issued to skilled and key workers under our Australian-style points  based system. Workers under this scheme will be required to have medical insurance to cover both themselves and any dependent s for five years’ duration. During this time they will not be able to claim any benefits or non-urgent NHS treatment, unless they can be treated under any reciprocal international agreements or have been granted a specific exception by the Migration Control Commission. Those arriving on work visas will not be granted permanent leave to remain, however they can apply for British citizenship after five years if they have worked and paid tax here. Visitor visas and entry passes-We value and want to encourage tourism, however there are inequalities in the current system, which treats some nationalities more favourably than others. The Migration Control Commission will be charged with finding a system which enables countries with which the UK already has close ties, such as member states of the European Union and the Commonwealth, to establish reciprocal arrangements for visitor visas and term-dated entry passes. Student visas- The international student community makes an important contribution to the UK. Because students are in Britain only on a temporary basis, we will categorise them separately in immigration figures. All non-UK undergraduate and post-graduate students will be required to maintain private health insurance for the period of their study. We will also: Review which educational institutions are eligible to enroll international students and prevent abuse of the student visa system. Students not attending courses will have their visas withdrawn and colleges not reporting absentees will be barred from accepting international students. Family reunion visas - It is important that British citizens and those with permanent leave to remain here can form legal family relationships with non-British citizens and we will review the family union system to ensure this basic principle is respected and applies equally to all. However, our key aim is to control immigration, so we will abolish the EEA family permit scheme and reinstate the primary purpose rule, meaning foreign nationals marrying British citizens will have to prove that the primary purpose of their marriage is not to obtain British residency. Asylum visas -We will comply fully with the 1951 UN Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees; speed up the asylum process; and seek to do so while tackling logjams in the system for those declined asylum status. We will continue to honour our obligations to bona fide asylum seekers. ACCESS TO WELFARE AND THE NHS We have an over-stretched NHS and a high benefits bill, partly because of the pressure from immigration. To combat this, all new migrants to Britain will have to make tax and national insurance contributions for five consecutive years before they will become eligible to claim UK benefits, or access to more than non-urgent NHS services, save for any exceptions stipulated by the Migration Control Commission. BRITISH CITIZENSHIP Save for current applications, approved asylum cases and family reunions, we will cease grant of ‘Permanent Leave to Remain’ status. Those on work visas may apply for British citizenship once they have been here for five years. We will revoke the British citizenship of those who have obtained it by fraud or deception and remove those who have obtained entry into Britain by this means. We take the view that British citizens who choose to fight alongside terrorist organisations effectively abdicate their rights to citizenship. We will amend the Foreign Enlistment Act 1870 to make enlistment in violent armed groups or transnational terror organisations a crime and we will seek a means to revoke their citizenship and prevent their repatriation. ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION There will be no amnesty for illegal immigrants. We will increase the number of immigration compliance and enforcement teams and review current holding and accommodation arrangements for illegal immigrants. FOREIGN CRIMINALS Foreign criminals will not be granted a visa to enter the UK Resident migrants who commit crimes resulting in custodial sentence will have their visa revoked and they will be subject to a deportation order. They will be detained until they are removed from the UK. ENDING THE EU FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT OF PEOPLE Our new immigration policies will begin when we confirm our intention to leave the EU with an ‘out’ vote in a national referendum. Any European Union citizen who is resident in the UK at the time of the referendum will be permitted to remain and work here. They will be able to enjoy the benefits of the UK as before and have the opportunity to apply for UK citizenship after five years. The British people accept immigrants and are among the most welcoming and tolerant people in the world. UKIP’s policies recognise the new openness in our world and the positive benefits controlled immigration has brought and can continue to bring to our nation. Only UKIP’s policies have, at their heart, sustainability, ethics and fairness. It is only by pursuing these policies and introducing an Australian-style points based system, that we can all be  confident immigration will benefit Britain. THE NHS “UKIP has a clear vision for 21st century healthcare: an efficient, affordable, world-class, national health service, free at the point of delivery and in time of need. The people of Britain are rightly proud of the NHS and we will invest £12 billion over the next five years to keep it working for them.” Britain’s best-loved institution is in crisis. The founding of the NHS in 1948 was a victory for the people but, sixty years on, it is the NHS itself that needs emergency care and nursing back to health. Our ageing population; the dramatic increase in the numbers of people suffering chronic, long-term conditions; uncontrolled immigration, encouraged by Labour and continued under the Tories: any one of these pressures might have been enough to bring the NHS close to breaking point. Combine these with EU directives that have prevented essential training and endless political interference and it is not difficult to understand why the NHS is in serious trouble. Both Labour and the Tories have utterly failed our NHS by treating it as a political football instead of a cherished institution. Patients are suffering because of poor policy, made all too often purely for reasons of political expediency. A GP appointment can no longer be guaranteed within any reasonable time frame. Coalition cuts to social care budgets are forcing elderly people to stay in hospital for longer than they should because there is no after-care available for them. Top-down targets forced on Accident and Emergency departments are not realistic; even some of the best hospitals cannot cope. Despite a chronic shortage of doctors, nurses and midwives David Cameron’s government wasted billions on a top-down reorganisation he promised would not happen. Labour, which squandered money on financing capital projects at credit card rates through private finance initiatives and giving service contracts worth billions of pounds to private companies when they were in power, are now promising to repeal the Health and Social Care Act, meaning yet more billions will be wasted re-organising the NHS all over again. Both parties administered a disastrous £12 billion NHS IT project which ultimately failed. UKIP will take better care of taxpayers’ money. We will put an additional £3 billion a year into the NHS in England by the end of the parliament and make sure the money is spent on frontline patient care. We will provide the common sense, the money, the staff, the social care funding and the vital improvements to emergency medicine that the NHS needs. We will fund: 8,000 MORE GPs We will train and employ GPs to meet this current shortfall and waive university tuition fees for new medical students who work in Britain for  five years after qualifying. To encourage those who have left the profession to get back into the surgery, we will fund the cost of re-training for GPs who wish to return to practice. To cut GP waiting times and allow GPs to spend more time actually seeing patients, UKIP will reduce the burden of data collection, target chasing, revalidation and appraisal work that interferes with the care GPs can give to patients. 20,000 MORE NURSES AND  3,000 MORE MIDWIVES Not only will UKIP find the training of nurses and midwives, we will also fund return to practice training for those who have taken career breaks. Because we believe nursing starts and ends on the ward, we will bring back the State Enrolled Nurse, and put care and compassion back at the heart of nursing. EMERGENCY MEDICINE There is a shortage of emergency medicine consultants in our Accident and Emergency departments, just 1200 when the profession needs closer to 2000. The problem stems not so much from a deficiency in training capacity, but from poor retention once registrars or consultants have qualified. 500 UK-trained emergency medicine consultants are currently working in Australia, New Zealand and Canada alone, which illustrates the attrition rate. Bodies representing this field of medicine believe the solution lies in improving working conditions, such as the extent of weekend cover, unsocial hours, extended shifts and leave patterns. Funding the additional consultants is not in itself a problem, as the cost of locums to cover the current shortage far exceeds that of increasing employed staff and this is what we will do. GPs FOR A&Es Patients who cannot get a GP appointment frequently turn up in A&E instead, putting additional pressure on already over-stretched resources. We will initiate pilot programmes in English hospitals to put GPs on duty in A&E departments seven days a week. If these pilots succeed in easing the burden on A&E staff by freeing them up to treat seriously ill patients more successfully, we will roll the programme out across the country, deploying approximately 1,000 of the 8,000 additional GPs we are committed to funding. IMPROVED MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES Patients with mental health problems frequently feel ignored and let down. UKIP takes a ‘whole  person’ approach to health and that means giving mental health parity with physical health. We will introduce practical policies to improve delivery of mental health services, including: Directing patients diagnosed with a debilitating long-term condition or terminal illnesses to mental health professionals when appropriate Recognising there is often a link between addiction and mental illness and offering appropriate treatment where this is the case Offering direct access to specialist mental health treatment for pregnant women and mothers of children under 12 months of age Fighting the stigma around mental illness and supporting those seeking to get back into work. Patients experiencing distress or exhibiting mental ill-health issues when admitted to hospital should have both their physical health and mental wellbeing assessed. This must not just be an optional extra: we will end the postcode lottery for psychiatric liaison services in acute hospitals and A&E departments. To fund these initiatives, we will increase mental health funding by £170 million annually, phasing this in through the first two years of the next parliament. DEMENTIA TREATMENT AND RESEARCH This debilitating and distressing condition is the leading cause of death among women over the age of 55 and the fifth biggest killer of men. We will be investing a full extra £130 million a year into researching and treating dementia by 2017. UKIP will put the ‘national’ back into our national health service We need to get tough on so-called ‘health-tourism.’ Every year the NHS spends up to  £2 billion of UK taxpayers’ money treating those ineligible for free care. This bill includes foreign nationals who come to Britain to deliberately seek NHS services at no cost to themselves; those who live here but who do not qualify for free care; treatment for illegal immigrants and those who overstay their visas. The NHS is the National Health Service, not the International Health Service. UKIP will insist migrants and visitors who come to Britain have approved medical insurance. Only those who have the permanent right to remain in Britain and who have paid UK taxes for at least five years will be granted an NHS number and be eligible for the full services offered by the NHS. Urgent medical treatment will still be given to those who need it, but non-urgent treatment will be charged for. UKIP is the only party that is truly willing to face up to the harsh reality of how health tourism and treating those ineligible is sapping the NHS of funds. The other parties have their heads stuck well and truly in the sand. HOSPITAL PARKING CHARGES Hospital car parking charges are a tax on the sick. We will invest £200 million to make parking at English hospitals free for patients and their visitors. EFFECTIVE AND POWERFUL HEALTHCARE MONITORING We think NHS managers should be subject to disciplinary oversight in the same way as doctors and nurses who are regulated by the General Medical Council and the Nursing and Midwifery Council. We will introduce a ‘Licence to Manage’ as a statutory requirement to prevent incompetent, negligent or bullying managers being moved sideways or re-employed by the NHS as external consultants. We will also abolish Monitor and the Care Quality Commission and place their inspectorate functions into the hands of county health boards made up of health and social care professionals elected locally by their peers. County health boards will have the power to inspect health services, conduct snap inspections and take evidence from whistleblowers. They will be charged with a statutory duty to investigate concerns flagged up by their local Healthwatch or local authority Health Scrutiny panels, so local democratic control and accountability is brought to healthcare decisions directly affecting our local communities. ENDING LABOUR’S PFI SCANDAL When short-sighted politicians are desperate for votes, they make appalling decisions. Labour’s Private Finance Initiative (PFI) scandal is a case in point. By the time the £14 billion capital cost of NHS PFI contracts have run their course, the NHS will have been forced to pay out a total of £76 billion. UKIP will not continue to privatise the NHS by the back door, as both Labour and the Conservatives have done. We will end the use of PFI contracts within the NHS. STRIPPING OUT UNNECESSARY EU REGULATION Numerous EU Directives prevent medical institutions from operating in the best interests of patients. We will scrap at least two of them: the EU Clinical Trial Directive, which has led to a substantial drop in clinical research and threatened Britain’s position as a world-class leader in this field; and the EU Working Time Directive which, by limiting working and training time to 48 hours in any one week, prevents medics learning essential new skills, putting patient care at risk. THE TRANSATLANTIC TRADE AND INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP (TTIP) TTIP is a proposed EU/USA free trade agreement that is being negotiated in secret by the EU Trade Commission and other EU bureaucrats. There is growing concern that TTIP may compel us to put many of our public services up for sale to US companies, thereby privatising significant parts of our NHS. UKIP is committed to securing the exclusion of the NHS, by name, from TTIP. The level of public concern around TTIP makes it a good example of what can potentially go wrong while we remain in the EU and allow EU Commissioners to negotiate every single trade agreement on behalf of twenty-eight member states, including the UK, en bloc. Fears of what TTIP might contain precisely illustrate why UKIP believes we should leave the EU and negotiate our own free trade agreements again. We find it astonishing that other political parties, while launching high-profile campaigns against TTIP, nevertheless remain committed to our EU membership. Their hypocrisy is shameless. SOCIAL CARE The coalition cuts went deep. UKIP will increase social care funding by £1.2 billion each year, phasing in this increase over a two-year period, to bring investment back to 2010 levels and pay for the additional residential, nursing and home care services that are so desperately needed. According to Age UK, 900,000 older people between the ages of 65 and 89 have social care needs that are not met. Residential care, nursing care, home care, day care and equipment budgets have been cut. Meals on Wheels services have been scrapped in some areas, or frozen ready-meals have replaced freshly cooked hot food. These cuts impact on the NHS: one million hospital bed days are lost every year when patients cannot be discharged because there is no after-care available for them. Operations are cancelled for the same reason. How we look after our older people and others who are vulnerable in society because of ill health is a mark of how civilised we are as a society. It is scandalous that the current care system is failing those who most need our help. We believe putting back the investment that was taken away by the current government is more than expedient: it is our duty. The £1.2 billion UKIP will invest every year by the end of the next parliament will fund social care directly and ease the path through a change we want to make to the way the current system is financed. INTEGRATING HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE While local authorities manage social care, the NHS manages health. This makes for a complex, inefficient and fragmented approach. While attempts to integrate the two, while keeping funding and responsibilities separate, have been commendable, the common sense, long-term solution is simply to fully integrate health and social care. UKIP will bring health and social care together, under the control of the NHS. FUNDING OLDER PEOPLE’S CARE In 2010, the Commission on Funding of Care and Support, chaired by Andrew Dilnot, was tasked by Government with reviewing the funding system for care and support in England. It concluded that an individual’s contribution to social care costs should be capped at £35,000. We agree in principle: easing the burden on the growing numbers of families who face ever-increasing elderly care costs is clearly desirable, if currently unaffordable. We propose a possible future solution: the establishment of a Sovereign Wealth Fund from any tax revenue received from shale oil and gas exploration, with investment returns ring-fenced to fully implement the Commission’s recommendations. The viability of this proposal clearly depends on several unknowns, not least getting the go-ahead for shale exploration and unpredictable market forces, but we feel it is important to state this policy as an intention. Should fracking in the UK prove to be possible and profitable, we want to see the nation’s income from it spent on looking after older people. Establishing a Sovereign Wealth Fund from the tax profits of fracking, and ring-fencing the income it generates for a social care fund, will  potentially release older people from the distress of having to sell their  homes to pay for care and give them and their families peace of mind. IMPROVING STANDARDS IN CARE UKIP believes the elderly and vulnerable must be treated with compassion and dignity. We will: Introduce a legally-binding ‘Dignity Code’ to improve standards of professional care Pledge to protect services such as day care, home care and Meals on Wheels Abolish the practice of arranging home care visits in fifteen-minute windows Abolish the annual assessment process for continuing healthcare funding in respect of those suffering from degenerative, terminal illnesses Keep free bus passes, winter fuel allowances, free TV licenses for the over 75s and free prescriptions and eye tests for the over-60s, without means testing. We will also fund a co-ordinating service for older people in every county, combining resources from across the NHS, social services, community agents and the voluntary sector. No vulnerable person should feel isolated or alone and this service will be proactive in identifying and assisting those suffering from loneliness. A BETTER DEAL FOR HOME CARE WORKERS Good home care starts with good home care workers, who provide a lifeline to some of the most vulnerable people in our society. Theirs is a difficult enough job to do at the best of times and long hours and low pay make an already challenging role even more onerous. We cannot expect workers to give the best care if they themselves are not being cared for. This is a serious issue UKIP will tackle head-on. We will not allow the NHS or third parties under contract to employ home care workers on zero hour contracts of  any kind. Neither will we allow them to end up being paid less than the minimum wage because they are expected to travel between appointments in ‘their own time.’ We will insist they are paid for the entire time they are on duty. We believe that as Britain’s largest employer, the NHS should set an example. PENSIONS Pensions have changed considerably since 2010. The state pension has been simplified to a single-tier. The need to apply for pension credit (which often went unclaimed) has been removed. The ‘triple lock’ now guarantees the state pension will increase each year by  the higher of inflation, earnings or 2.5 per cent. There is greater flexibility in how  personal pensions can be accessed. These are all welcome reforms. Raising the retirement age to 66 by 2020 and to 67 by 2028 is hugely unpopular. It has been especially tough for women, who until 2010 could retire at 60. Also, millions of people who can now withdraw unlimited amounts from their personal pension pot may not be well-informed enough to make the best onward investments, or avoid falling victim to scams. FLEXIBLE STATE PENSION AGE When you have looked forward to retirement, short-notice changes to the state pension age can wreck long-term plans. UKIP will give pensioners some choice over the age at which they choose to retire. We will introduce a flexible state pension window, which will widen over time, so even when the state pension age increases to 69, pensioners will still be able to take a slightly lower weekly state pension from the age of 65. Pensioners will know how much less they will be paid at the time they make their decision. At the moment, you can delay taking your state pension in return for a slightly higher amount, so UKIP’s proposal merely extends the option in the other direction. This proposal will be cost-neutral to the state over time. A flexible state pension window already works well in other countries, notably Italy, Norway, Sweden and Finland, so there is no reason why it will not work in the UK. PERSONAL PENSION ADVICE With greater freedom over personal pensions comes individual responsibility for retirement finance planning. Historically, people have had limited options of when to draw down funds from their personal plans. Most were forced to take out an annuity, paid out evenly, over the course of their retirement. Pensioners will now be making complex decisions about when and how much to take from their pension pots and, before doing so, they need expert advice to make sound, well-informed choices. All pensioners get from the current government is 45 minutes of advice provided by the Pensions Advisory Service or Citizens Advice Bureau. This is completely inadequate when potentially life-changing decisions are at stake. UKIP will fund a higher standard of independent advice available to all pensioners. We will double the budget for guidance in 2015/16 from £30 million to £60 million, and treble the 2016/17 budget from £10 million to £30 million. In consultation with bodies such as the Chartered Insurance Institute and the Personal Finance Society, we will develop a pensions advice and seminar programme that will help protect pensioners’ best interests and savings. ANTI-SCAMMING RULES A further concern is that pensioners with limited financial experience may become the victims of mis-selling when they cash in their pension pots and have access to potentially large sums of money. To prevent mis-selling, UKIP will make it a criminal offence to cold call someone in respect of their pension arrangements. This will not affect regulated advisors or pension schemes where there is already an existing relationship with a client. Rogue, unregulated operators must not be allowed to take advantage of pensioners while lining their own pockets. WAR WIDOWS’ PENSIONS On 8th November 2014, the Government announced that war widows and widowers would receive a war widows’ pension for life, even after remarriage, with effect from April 2015. However, this change was not retrospective and is therefore manifestly unfair. We will give all war widows and widowers a war pension, regardless of when they may have remarried. WELFARE AND DISABILITY “Circumstances can conspire against any one of us to leave us unemployed, seriously ill and unable to work, perhaps even facing bankruptcy and homelessness. UKIP is fully committed to maintaining a strong and supportive safety net for those who fall on hard times, whether through any fault of their own or not.” We want to see a welfare system that is fairer, simpler and less open to abuse. Our approach is one that firmly opposes the ‘benefits lifestyle’ but also addresses the current welfare regime, which has produced unjust outcomes. Our common sense approach to benefits includes: - Supporting a lower cap on benefits Cracking down on benefit fraud Ending welfare tourism with a five-year ban on benefits for migrants Stopping child benefit being paid to children who don’t live in the UK Limiting child benefit to two children for new claimants. HOUSING BENEFITS The ‘bedroom tax’ is clearly unfair and is not working. Changes to the way housing benefit is paid are leading some tenants to fall into debt. The Conservative threat to withdraw Housing Benefit from the under-25s may cause even more suffering. UKIP will: Scrap the ‘bedroom tax’ Continue to pay Housing Benefit to young people under the age of 25 Give tenants the right to request Housing Benefit is paid direct to their landlords, whatever benefit scheme they are on. DISABILITY BENEFITS UKIP is fully committed to protecting the rights of disabled people, as set out in Article 19 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. We wholly endorse the right of the disabled to access in-home, residential and community support services and we support their inclusion in our communities. We also recognise that there will always be disabled people who are unable to work and we are committed to supporting them through a fair and fit-for-purpose welfare system. We will end unfair ATOS-style Work Capability Assessments and return assessments to GPs or appropriate specialist consultants, who have full access to patients’ medical records and are likely to know the patient. We believe this makes them the best person to undertake assessments and we will ensure they are adequately funded and resourced to take on this task. We will also: Require GPs/specialists to notify the Department for Work and Pensions when they believe a patient is well enough to return to work, by issuing a ‘fit note’ Remove ‘tick-box’ and quota arrangements from sickness and disability assessments, thereby streamlining and speeding up the assessment processes and continually respecting claimants throughout the process SUPPORTING CARERS Millions give up work, or work reduced hours, to care for elderly or disabled relatives. In doing so, they make a huge contribution to society, although often at great personal and financial cost. We will: Increase Carers’ Allowance from £62.10 per week to match the higher level of Job Seekers Allowance, currently £73.10 per week, an extra £572 per year Improve carers’ access to support by sharing information on benefit and social care entitlements and support groups across all public services. INVESTING IN FOODBANKS It is deeply regrettable that there is increasing demand for foodbanks in 21st century Britain. If those who attend foodbanks are in such dire straits that they need food handouts, there is a high likelihood that they will also need additional support to deal with issues such as debt, family breakdown, addiction and poor physical or mental health. Many will need employment or legal advice. We will therefore contribute to the important work done by foodbanks and develop them into community advice centres for those most in need. UKIP will train and fund the cost of 800 advisers to work in 800 foodbanks, so the poorest in our society have free and easy access to timely help in their hour of need. We will also exempt foodbanks and charity shops from charges imposed by local authorities to dispose of unwanted food waste and other goods. They are not ‘businesses’ in the sense most of us understand the term and therefore should not be expected to pay fees for waste disposal. CHILDCARE AND THE FAMILY “UKIP believes supporting children and families is a prerequisite for a strong and healthy society. Families are important, in all their diversity, and we want to help create a society in which they thrive and where childcare provision is affordable and accessible for all parents, whatever their socio-economic status.” Good childcare benefits parents, helps child development and supports our economy. UKIP’s vision for childcare is a system where parents, teachers, schools, nurseries, children’s centres, local authorities, childcare providers and businesses all work together to make provision as affordable, flexible, available and as high-quality as possible. The policies of current and previous governments have been counterproductive in many ways: over-regulation has helped create an acute shortage of places and voucher systems have contributed to pushing up the cost of childcare. UK childcare costs are now the most expensive in Europe, and among the highest in the world. Costs can be crippling for ordinary families. What is  the point of having a childcare system that is so expensive it does not pay  to work? Children from socially deprived backgrounds are adversely affected because their applications for places are most likely to be turned down, especially if parents are unable to pay for ‘top-ups’ such as meals, nappies and so on. Childcare provision is also complex and fragmented. Several government departments oversee different schemes providing help with childcare costs. Parents may struggle to work out which type of childcare funding system will work best for them. Those on modest incomes who work hard may find they ‘fall through the gaps.’ Parents who are self-employed, agency workers, those on zero-hours contracts or commission are most likely to be affected, as any rise in income may prove punitive, depending on which childcare support scheme has been chosen. A simpler system, more responsive to families’ changing needs and with integrated sources of funding, must be initiated at the earliest opportunity, alongside proposals to reduce the cost of childcare and increase the number of childcare places, while giving parents more choice. We will initiate a full review of childcare provision. EARLY YEARS CHILDCARE UKIP will continue to fund the current childcare offer of fifteen hours a week of free childcare at a nursery, preschool, or for a childminder, for all three to four year olds, and for all two-year olds whose parent are on certain benefits. We will also honour the current Government’s commitment to providing a new tax-free childcare scheme, worth up to £2,000 for children under twelve. However, we will amend the voucher scheme in order to address the shortage of places and cut the cost to both parents and the state, by de-regulating childcare provision. At the moment, if parents want to claim their free childcare entitlement, they must place their child with an Ofsted-registered childminder. UKIP will remove this requirement and allow parents to use any third-party, non-related child carer they feel comfortable placing their child with, provided the care provided can be proven to be genuine. This is intended to encourage experienced parents whose own children have grown up, for instance, or who would like to combine looking after other people’s children alongside their own, to offer childcare. Our plans will also make it cost-effective for parents to hire a nanny if they have more than one young child, or enable parents to club together to hire a nanny. While parents should of course make their own enquiries as to the suitability of informal providers, in the same way they would check out a babysitter, we will require informal child carers to satisfy the following criteria to benefit from the voucher scheme: - They must pass a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check They must hold relevant household and public liability insurance They must not look after more than six children up to the age of eight (including any of their own children), of which a maximum of three can be under fives A single childminder may only care for one child under one year old The building from which they operate (unless it is the child’s own home) must be notified to the local authority and be subject to spot checks. This combination of de-regulation, practical solutions and incentives will reduce childcare costs, increase childcare availability and make it easier for parents to find flexible childcare that works around their working hours and lifestyle. CREATING MORE NURSERY PLACES UKIP will make consideration of the necessity to include nursery or creche provision an essential part of the planning process for large developments. We will also amend planning legislation to ensure planning applications for family housing developments of forty homes or more, without dedicated garden space for each unit, will be required to include a communal play area in each scheme. We will also allow office space to be converted to nursery facilities under permitted development rights. We will also ask employers to pool nursery provisions for all families within the local community, where ever possible. Tackling excessive regulation without compromising child safety is a priority. Nurseries are often small businesses and we would prefer owners to be focused on childcare, rather than drowning in paperwork. CHILDCARE FOR SCHOOL-AGE CHILDREN For parents of school-age children, extending the school day by offering wrap-around childcare will offer enormous benefits to working parents, for whom it is likely to be by far the most sensible and convenient childcare option. We will place a statutory duty on all primary schools to offer before and after-school care from 8am to 6pm during term time, with the option to extend this to all-day provision throughout the school holidays. Sessions will include breakfast and healthy snacks. Sadly, anecdotal evidence suggests significant numbers of teachers are seeing pupils arrive at school hungry. Schools can choose how they facilitate before and after-school care. They can provide it themselves; partner with external childcare providers; or allow parents to club together. There will be no cost to the school, as parents will pay for the cost of childcare themselves or use the voucher scheme. EMERGENCY CHILDCARE Local authorities will be required to keep a register of child care providers willing to offer emergency childcare cover at short notice, during atypical hours, overnight, or at weekends. This will help families who need to access high quality care during unsocial hours, in an emergency, when they are called to a job interview at short notice, or when they are working away from home, for example. THE CARE SYSTEM UKIP will reform the care system so the 68,000 children in care in the UK (including 3,600 under the age of one) can find stability through fostering and adoption in a faster, more efficient way. We will extend the provisions of the Children and Families Act 2014, which gives children in care the choice to stay with their foster families until they turn 21, to children in homes, so they too have the same opportunity. FATHERS AND FAMILIES UKIP wants fathers to be more involved in their children’s lives. To help prevent thousands of fathers losing contact with their children each year when couples break up, UKIP will legislate for an initial presumption of 50-50 shared parenting in child residency matters. Grandparents will also be given visiting rights, unless it can be shown to the satisfaction of the Family Court that there is a good reason to withhold such rights. We will also review the Family Court system, with the intention of implementing independent lay oversight of Family Courts, to ensure that necessary confidentiality does not prevent proper scrutiny in this and all areas of Family Law. A FAR-REACHING CHILD CARE REVIEW A misplaced sensitivity to issues of race and religion, combined with fear, has been shown to have stopped many investigations into the abuse of children. There is also concern among the public at rising levels of ‘forced’ adoptions. Some of those charged with protecting children in care are letting serious cases of abuse and maltreatment slip through the net. Our children’s wellbeing lags behind many of our European neighbours and we are seeing alarming rates of self-harm and poor mental health. UKIP is committed to bringing forward a full, open review of all childcare and child protection services in Britain, with a view to initiating wholesale reform of a system that is clearly failing. Our children deserve better and UKIP will investigate failings without fear or favour to deliver a safer, brighter, fairer future for our children. EDUCATION “UKIP’s vision for British education is of a world-renowned system; a system designed to allow young people to perform to the best of their ability, regardless of background, gender, race, wealth or class.” It is morally wrong that five independent fee-paying schools should send more students to Oxbridge than the worst performing two thousand secondary schools combined and that more students from the state sector attended Oxbridge in the 1960s than do so now. We believe it is the duty of the state to ensure high quality education is provided for all. To achieve this, we will build our education policy upon three key principles: - 1.  Education must be responsive to individual needs Children have widely different aptitudes and capabilities and, crucially, they develop at different rates. Our school system and our whole approach to education should be more flexible than it is now. 2.  Good teachers are paramount The quality of education is almost entirely dependent on the quality of teaching. We need the best people to choose to teach and we need to keep them teaching. To achieve this, we must ensure not only that teachers are well-prepared for a teaching career, but also that they have a high status in society and feel valued. 3.  The importance of primary education A child’s first experience of education is vitally important, as this is when the pattern for learning is laid down and when literacy and good social skills are established. CUTTING TEACHERS’ WORKLOAD Too many teachers are working excessive hours and struggling to find an acceptable work-life balance. We do not want stressed, overworked teachers in our classrooms. Their workloads must be eased. We will decrease the amount of paperwork teachers deal with, such as overly detailed individual lesson plans, data collection, excessive internal assessments and dialogue-based marking schemes. The plethora of centralised targets will be streamlined and lesson observations limited to a maximum of one each term, except when there are concerns about teaching performance that appraisal processes have been unable to address. Enforcing the current restriction on class sizes to thirty pupils and aiming to reduce this to twenty-five pupils over time, will further ease teacher workloads – not least when it comes to marking - as well as ease parental concerns about large class sizes. We will scrap teachers’ performance-related pay, which the NUT describes as having ‘increased bureaucracy and working hours’ and does not adequately reflect teaching ability. PRIMARY EDUCATION UKIP will abolish Key Stage 1 SATs, set at the age of seven, as these tests have destructive, unintended consequences: they encourage ‘teaching to the test,’ they narrow the curriculum and, often, they put pressure on teachers to concentrate disproportionate resources and time on borderline pupils. Worst of all, these tests create anxiety for everyone – children, teachers, parents, school governors – at exactly the time when children should be learning to learn, to enjoy the experience and to think of school as a fun and rewarding place to be. To increase the uptake of science learning at secondary level, we will follow the recommendations of the Campaign for Science and Engineering and require every primary school to nominate (and train, if necessary) a science leader to inspire and equip the next generation. This role will also help to address the gender imbalance in the scientific subjects. SEX EDUCATION We support age-appropriate sex and relationship education at secondary level, but not for primary school children. There is a world of difference between teaching young children about online safety or telling them no one else is allowed to touch the private parts of their body, which is a sensible way to help prevent and encourage reporting of abuse and going into too much detail. The latter risks sexualising childhood, causing confusion and anxiety, and encouraging experimentation. We will also rule that all parents must be made fully aware of the sex education teaching materials being used, before their children see it, and we will continue to respect their right to withdraw children from sex-education classes if they wish. UKIP 2015 MANIFESTO > PAGE 30 SECONDARY EDUCATION UKIP will push for a range of different types of school, including grammar, vocational, technical and specialist secondary schools within a geographical area. This will make our secondary school system more responsive to the differing aptitudes, capabilities and speed of development of our children. GRAMMAR SCHOOLS In stark contrast to the other main parties, who have persistently campaigned against them, UKIP supports grammar schools. Demand for places far outstrips supply and UKIP will give existing secondary schools the opportunity to become grammar schools. Many pupils learn best in a rigorous academic environment and the system can improve social mobility for able children from poorer backgrounds. We want to foster academic education among bright poorer students still further, and ultimately, UKIP wants to see a grammar school in every town. We recognise that the old 11+ selective system was not perfect, so we will ensure attendance is not based on a onetime fixed test and introduce transfer examinations taken later at ages 12, 13 and 16, to pick up pupils who develop in an academic direction, but at a slightly slower pace. VOCATIONAL EDUCATION As well as allowing existing schools to become grammar schools, we will allow other establishments to become vocational schools or colleges similar to those promoted in Germany and The Netherlands, so pupils develop practical skills. Further, by linking vocational schools and colleges with industry, we will introduce an option for students to take an apprenticeship qualification instead of four non-core GCSEs. Students can then continue their apprenticeships past the age of 16, working with certified professionals qualified to grade their progress. With regard to secondary education, we will also: Reintroduce the Intermediate tier at GCSE Mathematics, to ensure Foundation and Intermediate tiers are skills-based and that the Higher tier is a rigorous preparation for A Level Abolish the AS level exam as a stepping stone to a full ‘A’ level, while retaining it as a standalone qualification in its own right for those who choose to approach it as such. If young students want to take a full ‘A’ level, they may as well start the essential in-depth learning immediately and escape the stressful treadmill of continuous examinations from 16 onwards. This move has the additional advantage of releasing an extra six weeks of lessons during the summer term between GCSEs and A levels Make First Aid training a statutory part of Personal, Social and Health Education (PSHE) in the national curriculum. We will learn from the French system where pupils can obtain a ‘Basic Life-Saving Diploma’ at the end of secondary school. This will include instruction in Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation for all secondary school pupils Fund all secondary schools according to a single formula, taking into account Special Educational Needs, to ensure underfunding such as that for secondary moderns in the 1950s can never be repeated. SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL NEEDS (SEN) The policy of closing special schools will be reversed. Every child is unique and the needs of each child should come first. Those who learn better in a tailored, non-mainstream environment should have the opportunity to do so. OFSTED Ofsted inspections will be streamlined to focus on the quality of teaching, learning and the overall wellbeing of children, rather than paperwork, school policies or tick-box targets. Inspections will be shorter, classroom-orientated, and more transparent. We will continue to monitor British values, but with a view towards combatting extremism and radicalisation, rather than criticising widely-held Judeo-Christian beliefs. Teachers with at least fifteen years’ successful classroom experience will be prioritised when Ofsted inspectors are recruited: teachers are right to question whether they should be judged by those who have less classroom experience than themselves. Schools will be subject to additional investigations by Ofsted if 25 per cent of parents or governors present a petition to the Department for Education. An independent body will hear complaints about an Ofsted inspection. We will remove Ofsted’s right to investigate itself. HIGHER EDUCATION Previous government policies of pursuing higher education targets and introducing tuition fees have had a crippling effect on our young people’s finances and job prospects. The average student now leaves university with a debt of £44,000, yet students are less likely to find a graduate-level job than ever before. 47 per cent of recent graduates were ‘under-employed’ in 2013, as opposed to just 37 per cent in 2001. This marks a 27 per cent increase in the inability of graduates to get a job utilising or requiring their degree qualification. The taxpayer fares little better: 45 per cent of all student loans have to be written-off. To combat this growing problem, UKIP will drop the arbitrary 50 per cent target for school leavers going to university. We will not increase the current level of undergraduate courses until we can be sure there are sufficient vacancies in the economy to provide at least two-thirds of students with skilled graduate jobs. We will also encourage students to choose careers that will help fill the current skills’ gap, to both benefit Britain and set them on the path to a solid, prosperous career. UK students taking approved degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics and Medicine (STEMM), mainly at universities funded by the Higher Education Funding Council for England, will not have to repay their tuition fees. This is on condition that they work in their discipline and pay tax in the UK for at least five years, after they complete their degrees. Accordingly, UKIP will adjust the number of STEMM subjects funded to allow for a greater uptake of these subjects. INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS We are currently obliged to give tuition fee loans to EEA students as a condition of our EU membership, but as of March 2013, only 11 per cent of EU domiciled students were making any repayments. As student loans include a huge subsidy from the taxpayer and because repayment rates are so low, we will not give tuition fee loans to EEA students when we leave the EU. They will of course be welcome to apply for places at UK universities as self-supporting international students. PARENTAL CHOICE UKIP supports the right of parents to home-school their children, if they choose to do. We will support and fund free schools, provided they are open to the whole local community, uphold British values and do not discriminate against any section of society. BELIEVE in BRITAIN HOUSING AND THE ENVIRONMENT “UKIP is the only party to recognise that a house needs to be built every seven minutes to meet demand. The housing shortage is leading to higher rents, less stable tenancies, and rising homelessness. This is completely unsustainable.” There is a dire shortage of affordable housing in Britain. Many of those who would like to own their own home are simply unable to even contemplate it. They are ‘locked out’ of home ownership. Social housing waiting lists get longer and longer. The Thatcher era saw a dramatic extension in home ownership, but with a corresponding decline in social housing, as proceeds from the ‘Right to Buy’ initiative were not reinvested back into community housing. Only 23 per cent of properties are deemed ‘affordable’ nationally, but the situation is even worse in the countryside, where only 5 per cent of rural properties are affordable and social housing is more difficult to find. Yet no-one wants to see our green fields concreted over, or the beauty of our rural landscape destroyed. UKIP will introduce policies to incentivise the creation of more affordable housing, while protecting rural communities and preserving our precious countryside. BRINGING EMPTY HOMES BACK INTO USE Housing charity Shelter reports there are 279,000 privately-owned long-term empty homes in England alone, while other bodies, such as the Empty Homes Agency, put the figure much higher still. The most obvious way to create new homes is by bringing these empty homes back into use. We will place a statutory duty on local authorities to: Include a commitment to bringing empty properties back into use within their broader housing and planning strategies Charge those whose homes are empty for more than two years 50 per cent more than the applicable rate of council tax, with exceptions for owners who are in HM Armed Forces. INCENTIVISING BROWNFIELD DEVELOPMENT It would be possible to build up to 2.5 million houses on brownfield sites, if developers were less reluctant to take advantage of this rich source of potential housing land. Problems with remediation of derelict land that has had a previous use and may have contamination issues to address can be off-putting to potential developers. This is  despite the fact technology to  clean up sites and make them fit for new development is now readily available. We will take steps to remove the barriers to brownfield builds with the aim of building one million homes on brownfield sites by 2025 to address the current housing shortage. UKIP will require the Environment Agency to compile a National Brownfield Sites Register and provide a remediation assessment where appropriate. The following financial incentives will be offered to encourage developers to build on brownfield sites: Grants of up to £10,000 per unit will be available to developers to carry out essential remediation work. Properties built on registered brownfield sites will be exempt from stamp duty on first sale, up to the £250,000 threshold. A grant to cover the cost of indemnity insurance will also be available to developers of decontaminated land. To further incentivise brownfield development, local authorities will be allowed to keep the New Homes Bonus beyond six years on brownfield sites. BUILDING AFFORDABLE HOMES We will increase the supply of affordable housing by: Identifying long-term dormant land held by central and local government so it can be released for affordable developments Relax planning regulations for the conversion of off-high road commercial and office space and other existing buildings to affordable residential use. While these measures will help address the housing shortage, we cannot just build our way out of the housing crisis. Our housing policy needs to be seen within a wider context of addressing the issue of supply and demand. Controlling the numbers of new migrants coming to Britain is one important part of the housing jigsaw. TACKLING HOMELESSNESS There are no clear national statistics to tell us how many people are homeless in the UK. To give an indication of the scale of the problem, the Autumn 2014 total of rough sleeping counts and estimates in England was 2,744, according to the government. This was an increase of 14 per cent on 2013 figures. Meanwhile, 112,070 people declared themselves homeless in England in 2013/4. The scale of homelessness in 2015 is morally reprehensible and UKIP will seek to eliminate this national scandal. Tackling homelessness starts with knowing who and where homeless people are, so they can be offered housing and other life opportunities. We will establish a National Homeless Register to make it easier for those of no fixed abode to claim welfare entitlements; get access to medical and dental services; and enable support services to identify those at risk of physical, psychological and sexual abuse. LOCAL HOMES FOR LOCAL PEOPLE UKIP will encourage moves by local authorities to prioritise people with strong local connections when making housing allocations. We will relieve pressure on social housing waiting lists by preventing foreign nationals from obtaining access to social housing until they have lived here and paid UK Tax and National Insurance for a minimum of five years. This restriction will not apply to foreign nationals with current social housing tenancies. RIGHT TO BUY AND HELP TO BUY UKIP supports the principle of extending home ownership and giving people the right to own the homes they may have lived in for generations as social housing tenants. We will plough 100 per cent of all revenue from Right to Buy sales, after essential costs have been paid back, into new community housing. We will not allow non-British nationals access to the Right to Buy or Help to Buy schemes, unless they have served in Her Majesty’s Armed Forces. Given that Britain’s social housing stock is so massively oversubscribed, we do not believe it is either sensible or fair to give foreign nationals the opportunity to obtain social housing stock, buy their home at a discount and then sell it for an untaxed profit before moving back abroad. All local authorities, social landlords and housing associations will be required to register the nationality of their tenants in order to ensure this policy works in practice. In the same way, only British citizens will be permitted to access Help to Buy schemes. PROTECTING OUR COUNTRYSIDE UKIP will not allow new housing to strip our nation of prime agricultural land. This must be kept for its primary purpose, creating a secure food supply for Britain and for export. Neither will we allow the countryside to be swamped by over-development: we believe strongly that our countryside must be preserved so it can be enjoyed by future generations. We will replace the current National Planning Policy Framework  (NPPF) and introduce fresh national planning guidelines that will prioritise brownfield sites for new housing and genuinely protect the green belt The NPPF as it stands is disastrous for the environment. It has given developers the green light to build just about anywhere and seriously restricts the ability of local authorities to refuse planning permission for inappropriate developments. The Tories promised ‘localism,’ in their 2010 Manifesto, saying they would give more power to local people but, in reality, their planning policies have stripped powers away from communities. UKIP genuinely supports local communities having a greater say over what happens in their locality and we will: Free local authorities from government-imposed minimum housing numbers Reverse current policies of facilitating large-scale rural residential developments, Promote smaller 6-12 unit developments in rural areas to extend existing villages Encourage local authorities to require a proportion of self-build plots to be provided in all large developments Allow large-scale developments to be overturned by a binding local referendum triggered by the signatures of 5 per cent of electors within a planning authority area, collected within three months Reduce the cost and bureaucracy of planning applications by merging Planning and Building Control departments in local authorities. SUPPORTING HOMEOWNERS UKIP will change the law to allow mortgages to become inheritable, as they are in other countries. This will allow lenders to resume lending to older borrowers. UKIP will not introduce any form of ‘Mansion Tax.’ TRANSPORT “Ours is a nation always on the move. Whether our daily journey takes us on the school run or on a long, cross-country haul, everyone needs a reliable, cost-efficient transport network. We do not need extortionate vanity projects or excessive regulations and motorists should not feel as if they are being used as cash cows to boost national or local government funds.” IT IS TIME TO SCRAP HS2 In October 2013, Lord Mandelson, speaking in the House of Lords about the Labour government’s decision to instigate the HS2 high-speed rail-link confessed that: “It was a political trophy project justified on flimsy evidence.” HS2 is running out of control. UKIP will stop this flawed vanity scheme in its tracks. The estimated cost is already £50 billion and HS2 Ltd is planning to spend over £800m in 2015/2016, before the project even gets the final go-ahead. The Government’s own estimates show the cost will never be recouped. HS2 will blight thousands of homes and wreak irreparable environmental damage across large tracts of central England. The argument that HS2 is needed to provide extra capacity has just weeks ago been questioned by the House of Lords Economic Affairs Committee, which concluded that: ‘the Government has not made a convincing case for why this particular project should go ahead.’ There is barely any evidence that HS2 will reduce the North-South divide: the north would get much quicker and higher benefit from investment in the infrastructure between northern towns and cities. HS2 is an unaffordable white elephant and, given other, far more pressing calls on public expenditure, such as the NHS, social care and defence, not to mention the need to reduce the deficit, it must face the axe. LONDON AIRPORTS AND THE SOUTH EAST The final report of the Davies Commission into airport capacity and connectivity in the UK will be published later this year. UKIP will consider its recommendations and then take a position on the basis of what we genuinely believe to be in the long-term best interests of the country. However, we firmly believe that part of the solution to address the lack of airport capacity in the South East is to re-open Manston Airport. Manston is ideally placed to take low-cost airlines and freight-only aircraft; it is close to the railway network; enjoys good connections to Ashford International; will release additional capacity in the region; and take pressure off other airports. SPEED CAMERAS AND ROAD SAFETY UKIP will only allow installation of speed cameras when they can be used as a deterrent at accident black spots, near schools and in residential areas where there are specific potential dangers. We will not permit speed cameras to be used as revenue-raisers for local authorities. ENDING ROAD TOLLS We will remove road tolls where possible and let existing contracts on running road tolls expire. Motorists are already taxed highly enough through fuel and vehicle taxes. BIG BROTHER ‘PAY-AS-YOU-GO’ PLANS UKIP opposes ‘pay-as-you-go’ road charging schemes and attempts to introduce them by stealth. From October 2015, the EU will require all new cars to be fitted with the ‘eCall’ system. Ostensibly a road safety measure, this system tracks vehicles using GPS and reports back to a central database. This capability would enable introduction of a Europe-wide road pricing system, on a miles travelled basis, which the EU Transport Commissioner is keen to introduce. We will scrap mandatory fitments of eCall and allow owners who already have eCall installed to disable it on their vehicles. SUPPORTING OUR HAULAGE INDUSTRY The Driver Certificate of Professional Competence (DCPC) is an expensive second-tier requirement, which is causing job losses, because of the added administration and expense to hauliers. We will scrap the DCPC for professionally licensed drivers. THE HGV ROAD USER LEVY This levy currently applies to HGV vehicles registered both in the UK and other EU countries, to comply with various EU directives. After leaving the EU the levy would cease to apply to UK vehicles, but the Vehicle Excise Duty on UK vehicles would be adjusted by the equivalent amount to make this aspect of the change revenue neutral for both UK hauliers and the government. The current levy tariff will then be doubled to a maximum of £2000 per annum and only apply to foreign registered HGVs. This change will help UK hauliers to compete with European hauliers entering the UK, loaded with cheaper fuel bought on the Continent. It will achieve exactly the same effect as UKIP’s original ‘Britdisc’ proposal. CARING FOR CLASSIC CARS To help protect the enduring legacy of the motor industry and our classic and historic vehicles, UKIP will exempt vehicles over 25 years old from Vehicle Excise Duty. ENERGY “The three old parties collude to reinforce failing energy policies that will do nothing to reduce global emissions, but which will bring hardship to British families. Their ‘green’ agenda does not make them friends of the earth;  it makes them enemies of the people.” While our major global competitors - the USA, China, India - are switching to low-cost fossil fuels, we are forced to close perfectly good coal-fired power stations to meet unattainable targets for renewable capacity. If we carry on like this, the lights are likely to go out. Why? Because the 2008 Climate Change Act, an Act rooted in EU folly, drives up costs, undermines competitiveness and hits jobs and growth. Dubbed ‘the most expensive piece of legislation in British history,’ the government’s own figures put the cost of the Act at £18 billion a year over 40 years, or £720 billion between 2010 and 2050. The Climate Change Act is doing untold damage. UKIP will repeal it. We will also scrap the Large Combustion Plant Directive and stop the EU’s planned Medium Combustion Plant Directive. Both attempt to close down secure, reliable and economical electricity generation and replace it with expensive, intermittent, unreliable renewables. We will encourage the re-development of British power stations and industrial units providing on-site power generation. To deliver secure, affordable energy supplies, we support a diverse energy market based on coal, nuclear, shale gas, conventional gas, oil, solar and hydro, as well as other renewables where these can be delivered at competitive prices. SHALE GAS: TIME TO GET ‘FRACKING’ UKIP supports the development of shale gas, provided safeguards are in place to protect local communities and the environment. Community Infrastructure Levy income from shale gas operations will be earmarked for lower Council Taxes or local community projects. No energy extraction technology is perfectly safe, but shale gas operations in the USA for instance, where tens of thousands of shale wells have been drilled and fracked over five decades, have proved remarkably unproblematic, especially so by comparison to other methods of energy extraction. What is clearly unsafe is the UK’s over-dependence on imports from politically unstable countries. In the interests of energy security alone, the prospect of home-grown shale gas is an enormous opportunity it would be irresponsible to ignore. We will levy Petroleum Revenue Tax (currently 50 per cent) on any shale profits and invest the income into a Sovereign Wealth Fund. Norway takes this approach, with great success. RENEWABLE ENERGY UKIP supports and will invest in renewables, where they can deliver electricity at competitive prices. At the moment, the only major renewable technology that meets this test for affordability is hydro, so we will withdraw taxpayer and consumer subsidies for new wind turbines and solar photovoltaic arrays, while respecting existing contractual arrangements. Wind power is hopelessly inefficient and wind farms rely heavily on reserve back-up from conventional power sources. They have blighted landscapes and put money into the pockets of wealthy landowners and investors, while pushing up bills for the rest of us. INVESTING IN COAL The British coal industry once employed one million miners. Now, all three remaining deep coal mines in Britain are set to close by 2016, at a cost of 2,000 jobs, despite having many years of productive life left and regardless of our continuing need for coal. 30 per cent of our electricity is still produced from coal and we will be dependent on fossil fuels for many more years to come. If we are to have energy security and cheap, plentiful, reliable sources of energy, coal must be part of the solution. Bearing this in mind, UKIP will: Set up a commission to investigate ways to assist and rejuvenate the coal industry Seek to secure the survival and expansion of our indigenous coal industry in the form of deep, opencast and drift mining Drop all subsidies for wind and solar power, to ensure a level playing field for coal Discontinue the carbon floor tax on the basis that production for coal fired power stations is combined with carbon capture and storage Halt the decline of coal power stations and seek private funding to develop new, efficient plants. CUTTING FUEL BILLS In 2014, the government forced energy companies to add nearly £3.2 billion onto energy bills to finance their energy and climate change policies: that will have doubled to a staggering £9.8 billion by 2020, amounting to an extra £197 going onto our average domestic fuel bills. UKIP will abolish green taxes and levies and withdraw from the EU’s Emissions Trading Scheme, reducing fuel bills and enhancing industrial competitiveness at a stroke. We will also make the way you pay your bill fairer, by stopping energy companies charging extra for customers who use prepayment meters, who do not pay by direct debit, or who require paper billing. EMPLOYMENT “Being in the European Union is damaging the prospects for British workers. Uncontrolled mass immigration has driven down wages and for many jobs, the minimum wage is now the maximum wage. Meanwhile, fewer new jobs are being created because of excess EU regulations. British workers will fare much better when we are out of the EU.” In 2007, the Peugeot factory in Ryton, Coventry, closed and moved production to Slovakia. This cost 2,300 jobs. The EU pumped £78 million in subsidies into the new factory, while Brussels sat on a request for a UK subsidy of just £14 million, for two years. Prime Minister Tony Blair claimed the closure was the ‘inevitable casualty of globalisation,’ but in fact the EU had made a conscious choice to boost the economy of Slovakia, at the expense of the UK. In 2012, Ford moved transit van production to non-EU Turkey with the help of an £80 million loan from the European Investment Bank. 500 jobs were lost in Southampton and 750 in Dagenham. The sale of Royal Mail in 2013 and subsequent post office closures where both driven by the EU Postal Services Directive. 1,300 Jobs have reportedly been lost. These are just three examples of how interference from the EU leads to British job losses. British workers are suffering: Eurostat, the EU’s own data service, revealed last year that EU migrants are more likely to be in work in Britain than Britons themselves. If we add to this the downward pressure on wages that has resulted from mass immigration, it is clear remaining in the EU is not favourable to British workers. By leaving the EU and restricting immigration through the use of an Australian-style points based system, we will give back some hope to British workers for a brighter future. UKIP will: Restrict  access  to  EURES,  the  EU-wide  jobs  portal  that  has become the ‘go-to’ source for employers looking for cheap labour from overseas End  the  availability  of  EU  relocation  grants  of  up  to  €1,000 for migrants to come and work in Britain Allow  British  businesses  to  choose  to  employ  British  citizens first. Enforce  the  minimum  wage and  reverse  the  Government cuts in the number of minimum wage inspectors in both England and Wales WORKERS’ RIGHTS Leaving the EU will not mean workers’ employment rights will be removed, simply that they will be adopted into UK law. Some EU directives, such as the Working Time Directive, need amending because they actively restrict the British work ethos and therefore our economy, but UKIP will protect workers’ rights. ZERO-HOURS CONTRACTS The use of zero-hours contracts proliferated following the imposition of the EU’s Temporary Agency Workers Directive, which demanded agency workers were given the same workplace rights as employees. Zero-hours contracts enabled businesses to escape this edict. EU legislation, intended to benefit temporary workers, in fact ended up penalising them. Because UKIP recognises that zero-hours contracts suit many people, we will not ban them. We do, however, take a very dim view of their abuse and will introduce a legally binding Code of Conduct stipulating the following: Businesses  hiring  50  people  or  more  must  give  workers  on zero-hours contracts either a full or part-time secure contract after one year, if the workers involved request it There  must  be  no  exclusivity  clauses  in  any  zero-hours  contract. To prevent people from working elsewhere when they have no guarantee of regular work, will be banned Workers  on  zero-hours  contracts  must  be  given  at  least  twelve hours advance notice of work. Once notice has been given, they must be paid for the work, regardless of whether or not they are actually needed. Employers will not be permitted to expect a worker to turn up for work, only to be turned away again, when no work is available. THE ‘THREE MILLION JOBS’ MYTH Finally, a word on the pernicious myth that leaving the EU will cost three million British jobs. This myth grew out of a report by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) in 2000, which concluded that 2.7 million jobs were directly related to our trade with the EU and another 500,000 were indirectly linked. The report went on to say that: “there is no a priori reason to suppose that many of these [jobs], if any, would be lost permanently if Britain were to leave the EU.” The report was nevertheless spun by the pro-EU lobby, which tried to suggest jobs ‘linked’ to EU trade, meant jobs were ‘dependent’ on EU membership. The Director of NIESR repudiated their claims, describing their efforts as ‘a wilful distortion of the facts.’ Sadly, unscrupulous politicians, fully aware of the truth of the matter, still attempt to deceive. The jobs of British people - and the jobs of the five million Europeans who work here – are not dependent on EU membership and will be safe when we leave the EU. To say otherwise is, quite simply, dishonest. SMALL BUSINESS “If you run a small business, then UKIP is the party for you. We will do everything we can to help you be competitive in Britain and the global market.” At the start of last year, there were an estimated 5.2 million small businesses in the UK, together employing over 12 million people and having a combined turnover of £1.2 trillion. We find our greatest innovators and entrepreneurs within our small businesses. The businesses they start and grow will take us out of the economic turmoil we’ve suffered in recent years and back into the black. Yet, too often, our small businesses are not supported. They struggle to get finance to set up or expand their businesses. Larger companies who don’t pay invoices on time, damage their cash flow. Business rates can be prohibitively high. Excessive regulations stream out of Brussels, adding huge administrative and financial burdens to the challenges already faced by small businesses. All this must stop. REDUCING BUSINESS RATES Business rates as a tax are a great burden on business and especially so on small businesses, where they represent a disproportionately high fixed cost. The Small Business Rate Relief currently only applies up to a rateable value of £12,000, meaning many small and medium-sized businesses receive no relief at all. UKIP recognises this often rapidly-growing sector needs much greater support and we will change the Small Business Rate Relief as follows: If  a  business  has  only  one  property  and  the  rateable  value is less than £50,000, the business will get 20 per cent rate relief If   the  business  has  more  than  one  property,  the  20  per cent rate relief will still apply, provided the total rateable value of all properties is less than £50,000 Other  existing  business  rate  reliefs  will  not  be  affected and will apply where the relief provided under those schemes is greater than 20 per cent Almost  90  per  cent  of  business  properties,  over   1.5 million in total, have a rateable value of less than £50,000, so are potentially eligible for this 20 per cent discount. LATE PAYMENTS According to the Department of Business Innovation and Skills, more than £20 billion is locked up at any one time in delayed late payments from large companies (defined as a company with over 250 employees) to small suppliers of goods and services. Small businesses find cash-flow tough enough in the current economic climate. The last thing they need is to be bullied into providing interest-free loans to their customers. It is not acceptable for big businesses to exploit smaller firms by deliberately delaying payments and UKIP will take firm action to stop this practice. Existing regulations are of little practical use: small businesses are reluctant to charge interest to customers and legal proceedings are expensive, time consuming and hardly an effective way to develop business relationships. UKIP will introduce a scheme whereby small businesses will provide evidence of repeated late payments, beyond agreed terms, together with evidence that timely requests for payments have been made, to HM Revenue and Customs. Based on the evidence - particularly if there are multiple complaints about the same company -HMRC can then carry out an inspection of that company’s records. The identity of the complainant company will remain confidential. If the large company is found to be systematically exceeding its contractual terms of payment with small businesses, a sanction of significant fines, proportionate to the extent of the abuse of terms, will be levied. Fines would escalate for repeat offenders and be noted in the offending company’s statutory accounts. UKIP will also end a growing practice whereby large companies extend their payment terms to small companies, by arranging for their supplier to take out a bank loan to facilitate their demands. ACCESS TO FINANCE Despite schemes such as Funding for Lending and the Finance Guarantee, small businesses still find it difficult to secure funding in the current economic climate. While banks do of course have to consider risk, the lack of funding for small businesses will remain a drag on growth. Small businesses themselves have to consider what credit terms they offer to their own customers. They are understandably fearful of bad debts. To address both this issues, UKIP will pilot a scheme to improve access to trade credit insurance to small businesses. This insurance already exists in the market, but can prove restrictive for smaller companies, especially in certain business sectors. Under our scheme, existing credit insurance providers will assess risk as they do now, independent of government involvement, but government would back a portion of the risk to enable cover to be provided more widely. The security this policy provides will give small businesses the confidence to expand trade, while enhancing the attractiveness of their loan book as a more secure asset against which banks can lend them money. If successful, this pilot will be rolled out nationally. ENCOURAGING LOCAL TRADE Businesses in our town centres – and shops in particular - have suffered as a result of the dramatic increase in out-of-town trading estates and supermarkets. UKIP believes our town centres should be vibrant and profitable and that means encouraging locals, visitors and tourists into town, by removing barriers that act as a disincentive, such as expensive or restricted parking. We will push every local authority in the country to offer at least  30 minutes free parking in town centres, high streets and shopping parades, to encourage shoppers into our town centres and boost local business. CUTTING RED TAPE Massive over-regulation by the European Union impacts disproportionately on smaller businesses. Fewer than one in ten British businesses trade with the EU, yet 100 per cent of them must comply with thousands of EU laws on employment, waste management, environmental regulations, product registration, health and safety and so on. This burden can be overwhelming for small firms. A report by Business for Britain concluded that 3,580 new laws passed between 11 May 2010 and 1 October 2013 affected British business, with legislation running to over 13 million words. The EU’s most costly regulations cost Britain an estimated £27.4 billion a year, according to 2013 research by think-tank Open Europe. The Federation of Small Business says 61 per cent of small companies cite the ‘regulatory burden’ as a significant factor when closing or downsizing. UKIP will repeal EU Regulations and Directives that stifle business growth We will also allow traders to sell in whatever quantities or measures they like. Only UKIP will get us out of the EU and release enterprise from the strangulation excessive regulation. PUBLIC SECTOR CONTRACTS UKIP will make it easier for small and medium-sized businesses with 250 employees or less to tender for public sector contracts, by removing the necessity to demonstrate compliance in areas irrelevant to the job being tendered for. This will benefit smaller companies and cut costs to the taxpayer. THE BIGGER PICTURE UKIP’s support for small businesses can be seen in many other policy areas too. For instance, small businesses will also get a boost from our policies to: Allow  young  people  to  start  an  apprenticeship  in  place  of  four  non-core subjects at GSCE level Abolish  tuition  fees  for  those  studying  science,  technology,  engineering, maths and medicine Allow  employers  to  prioritise  British  citizens  for  jobs Maintain  suitable  levels  of  immigration  to  fill  the  skills’  gap Cut  fuel  bills  through  the  abolition  of  ‘green  levies’  to  cut   business costs. UKIP believes in Britain’s small businesses, in its entrepreneurs, in its teams of sole traders, freelancers  and self-starters and will back them whenever  and however we can. FARMING AND THE COUNTRYSIDE “Farmers like myself have everything to gain by leaving the EU. UKIP has sound policies that will put British farmers first, promote high standards in animal husbandry and help secure a vibrant, thriving agriculture sector for Britain” Outside the EU, free of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) and excessive regulations, we will be able to introduce fairer, simpler ways to support farmers. For every £1 British agriculture receives from the CAP, the British taxpayer has already contributed £2, so we can easily continue to subsidise farmers after leaving the EU. We can also redistribute payments away from wealthy landowners and large, often intensively farmed holdings, in favour of smaller food producers and family farms. A NEW UK SINGLE FARM PAYMENT UKIP will introduce a modified UK Single Farm Payment (SFP) scheme of £80 per acre for lowland farms, with comparable arrangements for lower grades of land, capped at £120,000. Golf courses, airfields, racetracks and other non-productive areas will be excluded, as will land used for solar panels or land within 25 metres of a wind turbine. Land must conform to 2013 Entry Level Stewardship (ELS) requirements, where points are accrued according to criteria such as hedgerow maintenance, wild bird cover, wild flower mixes, etc., to qualify for subsidies. Organic farms will be paid a 25 per cent premium on the SFP UKIP will add rare breed maintenance to the ELS points system There will be no set-aside, cropping or rotation restrictions SFP will be paid to who ever takes financial responsibility for the farming enterprise on a field-by-field basis (i.e. the farmer, not the landowner) Hill farmers will receive additional headage payments on livestock numbers within World Trade Organisation rules. DAIRY AND SHEEP FARMERS UKIP will support dairy farmers by requiring the Competition Commission to promote fair practice in the food chain, in addition to considering price and competition issues. This will allow producers to create larger cooperatives and alliances to counter the power of purchasing cartels. We will also refine the brief of the Grocery Adjudicator, who arbitrates on trade relationships between the large retailers and their suppliers, if necessary. We will scrap the Electronic Individual Identification Document for sheep, and introduce a pragmatic solution to distinguish between lamb and mutton at the abattoir, reducing costs for farmers by changing the definition of an ‘aged’ sheep. CARING FOR OUR ENVIRONMENT UKIP will match-fund grants made by local authorities towards rural capital projects, such as creating a lake, wetland, repairing traditional stone walls, etc. which enhance the local environment, encourage rural education, or help recovery from environmental disasters. While we will abolish excessive and unnecessary regulations and directives, keeping those necessary to protect our environment, or replacing them with more appropriate controls, administered at national or local government level, will be a priority for us. We will take as our guide in these and all other farming matters relevant scientific and/or professional veterinary advice. GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOODS UKIP supports research into GM foods, including research on the benefits and risks involved to the public. We will allow a free vote in Parliament on commercial cultivation. FOOD LABELLING Food labelling will come back under the control of the Westminster Parliament when we leave the EU. Then we can insist animal products are labelled to show the country of origin, method of production and transport and whether the animal was stunned before slaughter, together with any information concerning hormones and GM products. We believe strongly that customers have the right to see this information. ANIMAL HEALTH AND WELFARE We can only regain control of animal health and welfare by leaving the EU. UKIP takes both issues seriously and we will: Triple the maximum jail sentences for animal cruelty and torture Impose lifetime bans on owning and/or looking after animals on any individual or company convicted of animal cruelty or torture Keep the ban on animal testing for cosmetics Challenge companies using animals for testing drugs or other medical treatments on the necessity for this form of testing, as opposed to the use of alternative technology Tightly regulate animal testing Ban the export of live animals for slaughter Insist on formal non-stun training and certification for all religious slaughtermen to ensure the highest standards are adhered to Install CCTV in every abattoir, monitored by the Meat Hygiene Service, and deal severely with any contraventions. Remove unnecessary EU restrictions that make small, local abattoirs unviable We will also prepare for the possibility of disease outbreaks (including those) caused by imports. We cannot expect our farmers to bear the full brunt of any such outbreaks, but we will encourage them to introduce testing programmes and invest in insurance schemes to deal with potential outbreaks, as the poultry sector has done with the salmonella testing programme and associated insurance scheme. FISHING “By the time Trevor sells the two boxes of whelks he’s caught today, he will make the grand sum of about £45, before costs such as fuel for his boat. EU quotas mean he’s not allowed to catch anything else. This is how utterly ridiculous the Common Fisheries Policy is: it is destroying our fishing industry and we must take back control from Brussels.” The EU Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) was designed from the beginning to steal our fish. It has ravaged our fishing industry and caused catastrophic environmental damage. Fishing grounds have been so over-fished that some are at the point of collapse. Our fishing fleet is half its former size. Britain’s seas should be the jewel in her crown, but we surrendered these priceless family treasures when we joined the then EEC 1973 and our territorial waters were merged into one giant European fishery. The UK has almost 70 per cent of Europe’s fishing grounds but only 13 per cent percent of its fishing quota. So, we must import fish species such as cod, haddock and huss that our own fishermen are forced to throw overboard – usually dead - because of EU rules. The EU itself estimates 40 per cent of all fish caught are discarded, so as much as two million tons of perfectly edible fish are wasted every year. The EU’s proposed discard ban will not fix this problem, just move it onshore. Worse, while preaching ‘conservation,’ the EU allows industrial fishing techniques such as electric pulse trawling, which destroys marine life and disturbs the ecological balance of our seascapes. We can only replenish Britain’s bounty of fish and restore our fishing industry if we leave the EU and withdraw from the CFP. Then we can: Establish a 12-mile zone around our coastline for UK fishermen and a 200-mile exclusive economic zone under UK control, as is our right under international law Reverse the rapid decline in our fishing industry and return £2.5 billion a year in fish sales to the UK economy Enforce ‘no-take’ zones to aid spawning and replenish fish stocks Protect our coastal eco system by ending destructive industrial fishing practices End the slaughter of dolphins by banning pair trawler fishing for bass Work with our fishermen to solve discard and landing issues Reverse any EU-wide drift-net ban in British waters Issue permits for foreign trawlers once fish stocks have returned to sustainable levels. FISHING BOATS UNDER 10 METRES Smaller fishing boats make up the majority of the UK fleet but only receive only 4 per cent of the English quota, while the five largest foreign-controlled vessels take 32 per cent. It is grossly unfair and damages fish stock sustainability. Small-scale inshore fishing is the backbone of the UK fishing industry and we will end this injustice. SEA ANGLING Over 750,000 people enjoy sea angling in the UK. It is a profitable hobby for Britain: VAT income from sea angling is worth more than the value of all commercial landings and some 23,000 jobs depend on sea angling, yet the EU is planning to restrict anglers to catching just three sea bass a day. We suspect this will eventually lead to EU controls on all angling and we will vociferously oppose this threat. We will ensure sea anglers and our under 10-metre boat fleet are represented on the Marine Management Organisation, which licenses, regulates and plans marine activities in the seas around England and Wales. At present, none of the fifteen board members are fishermen. The EU is just not interested in sustainable fishing. If we want to eat fish in  the future, we must preserve our fishing industry and our marine ecology. We can only do this if we escape the CFP and introduce our own sustainable fishing practice. HERITAGE AND TOURISM “UKIP is the only party that actively works to protect our green and pleasant land from the threat of over-development and secure our historic buildings for future generations. We will also fight to save the great British pub.” Our historic market towns, cathedral cities and unspoilt countryside are the envy of the world. From our Norman castles to Battersea Power Station, our heritage is an important part of our vibrant tourist industry, which supports three million jobs and contributes £127 billion annually to our economy. PUTTING HERITAGE AND TOURISM BACK ON THE MAP ‘Heritage’ was a dirty word in Labour’s ‘Cool Britannia.’ Tony Blair moved the Department of National Heritage into the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and marginalised tourism by lumping it in with the responsibilities of the Minister for Sports and Equalities. The Conservatives’ bulldozer instincts kicked in when the Chancellor removed the zero rate of VAT on listed building repairs. Maintenance bills for over 400,000 of our most beautiful buildings, owned by a surprisingly diverse socioeconomic group of people, were hiked by 20 per cent. Developers putting identikit houses on greenbelt land, meanwhile, paid no VAT. UKIP will end this discrimination against our historic legacy by: - Creating a dedicated Minister of State for Heritage and Tourism, attached to the Cabinet Office Ensuring tax and planning policies support historic buildings and the countryside Removing VAT completely from repairs to listed building Introducing a ‘presumption in favour of conservation’ as opposed to the current ‘presumption in favour of development’ in planning legislation. THE GREAT BRITISH SEASIDE Too many seaside destinations face pressing economic, social and housing issues. Old former large hotels that once sat grandly on our seafront have become houses of multiple occupation, or low-cost hostels. The result, ‘bedsit land,’ deters families, young professionals and retired people from moving to the area and deters business investment. UKIP will fuel regeneration in coastal areas, transforming them into vibrant, growing communities by bestowing ‘Seaside Town Status’ to areas in need of regeneration. This will give Local Authorities the power to: Access low-interest government loans to buy up and renovate poor housing stock and convert empty commercial properties into residential accommodation Issue Compulsory Purchase Order powers for poor-quality multi-occupancy accommodation Allow local authorities to introduce minimum standards for properties in receipt of housing benefit Restructure local housing markets so they are not excessively driven by profits from housing benefit income Refuse housing benefit payments to landlords in breach of planning legislation. We will boost the Coastal Communities Fund and expand its remit to: End the ‘scattergun’ approach, which sees funding allocated according to income from a particular area, rather than supporting nationwide regeneration Prioritise larger-scale heritage, residential, retail and tourist regeneration over smaller scale projects Encourage regenerative arts projects into our coastal towns. UKIP’S SAVE THE PUB CAMPAIGN We are very proud of our ‘Save the Pub’ Campaign! The UK has lost 21,000 pubs since 1980, mostly as a result of taxation, regulation, the recent decline in disposable incomes and long-term cultural changes. The smoking ban and the alcohol duty escalator are estimated to be responsible for some 6,000 pub closures. To reverse this trend we will: Offer tax breaks to smaller breweries to encourage micro-breweries Keep the current excise duty scheme that exempts from duty cider and perry made by small domestic producers Amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice to open smoking rooms provided they are properly ventilated and physically separated from nonsmoking areas. Workers must not be required to enter smoking areas except for cleaning and other essential purposes when they are not in use Oppose minimum pricing of alcohol and reverse plain paper packaging legislation for tobacco products. Our history is the envy of the world.                   UKIP will keep it that way. CRIME AND JUSTICE “Cuts to the police force, a plethora of insidious EU directives, poor judgements from the European Court of Justice that trample on the rights of victims: all these have eroded trust and confidence in policing and our judicial and prison systems. Our internal national security has never felt so undermined.” Since 2010 our internal national security has been weakened again and again. It is UKIP’s intention to draw a line under the cuts suffered by our police, prison and criminal justice services and provide them with adequate resources. We must get our law enforcement agencies back into a fit state, so they can deliver the protection British citizens have set great store by in the past and which we have a right to expect in the future. In addition to boosting the Border Agency by 2,500 we will also put 3,500 more front line personnel into the police and prison services. REMOVING THE EU’S HANDCUFFS Our membership of the European Union and associated acceptance of the ‘free movement of people’ principle means we are unable to prevent criminals arriving on our shores. Truly horrific, tragic crimes have been committed in Britain by foreign criminals with long records in their home countries and petty criminality has risen as gangs of thieves, pickpockets and scammers have arrived from overseas to target the UK. We must leave the EU to prevent those with criminal convictions coming here. By opening the borders to convicted criminals, previous governments have put us at unacceptable risk. We have been badly let down. UKIP will do its utmost to deport foreign criminals and prevent those with criminal records from entering Britain, when we leave the EU. This will help protect our nation, free up prison places and relieve some of the stress on the prison service. HUMAN RIGHTS LEGISLATION Putting responsibility for law and order back into the hands of Parliament is key to UKIP’s approach to law and order, justice and internal security across the British Isles. We will remove ourselves from the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights: the Strasbourg Court whose interpretation of the European Convention of Human Rights has been known to put the rights of criminals above those of victims. Our own Supreme Court will act as the final authority on matters of Human Rights. We will also repeal Labour’s Human Rights legislation. It has given European judges far too much power over British law making and law enforcement and prevented us deporting terrorists and career criminals and from implementing whole-life sentences. Our human rights will be enshrined in law via the introduction of a new, consolidated UK Bill of Rights. This will complement the UN Declaration of Human Rights and encapsulate all the human and civil rights that UK citizens have acquired under UK law since Magna Carta. This new UK Bill of Rights will apply across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. ‘INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY’ UKIP will fully uphold the principle of ‘innocent until proven guilty.’ This tenet of law is fundamental to British justice and UKIP will reverse the opt-in to EU law and justice measures, which disregard this fundamental principle, including the European Arrest Warrant and European Investigation Orders, which were enacted by the Coalition partners and supported by Labour. THE UK POLICE Austerity cuts have forced cuts to policing numbers that have gone too far, placing citizen safety and trust in policing at severe risk. UKIP is committed to returning to a meaningful capita population-based policing resource. Serving officers should not be subjected to undue stress as a result of being over-stretched. Crime is not a ‘lifestyle option’ UKIP will tolerate. The more visible police we have on our streets, the more criminals are reminded of this fact and the more the public are reassured. Reducing the numbers of territorial constabularies nationwide will release finance onto the front line: we  question whether 43 constabularies, each with a multiplicity and duplication of roles, is either a viable situation  or one suited to delivering operational efficiency. This will not be a ‘top-down’ process however, but an expert,  police-led approach, leading to collaboration and co-operation between constabularies and policing bodies  with the aim of producing structures more relevant to policing in 21st century Britain. We will also reduce the number of Police and Crime Commissioners in line with our objective of a reduction in the number of territorial constabularies to save money and tackle serious crime. The PCC role and remit will be reviewed before the next set of PCC elections to identify ´Best Practice´ that has been achieved across the country. The findings of this exercise will be used to establish a new Terms of Reference and role specification for the remaining PCCs to ensure that they are ´fit for purpose´ regarding the identified challenges for policing and the criminal justice system as a whole. We will also: Commit to keeping sworn and warranted officers under the service of the Crown. UKIP will not outsource or privatise UK policing Refuse to allow the introduction or deployment of the Euro Gendarmerie force within the UK Invest in new technology such as communications equipment and personal CCTV to combat crime Ensure Britain’s police forces comply with the law and do not retain booking photographs, fingerprints, DNA, or biometric data of individuals who have not been convicted of a crime Seek to match the make-up of the police force to the UK’s population profile Introduce an accredited system for police recruitment in line with UKIP policy on apprenticeships and vocational training. CRIME AND SENTENCING The nature of crime has changed dramatically. The Internet, impossible to police completely, is growing as a medium to commission and commit crime. Up to one third of women report being the victim of domestic violence, yet in itself it is not an offence. There is confusion concerning laws on carrying potentially lethal weapons. While we once believed we had abolished slavery, people trafficking is increasing and modern-day slavery is a harsh reality. UKIP believes it is time for a review of what is and what is not a criminal offence and we will commit to such a review, together with a review of commensurate sentencing policy to address the changing nature of crime today. The emphasis of such a review is likely to be on up to date sentencing procedures and processes for internet/cyber crime, sexual crime relating to minors, fraud, aggression, intimidation, people trafficking and gang masters and drug & substance abuse. Our overall approach to crime is one of firmness, coupled with deterrent and rehabilitative strategies and a focus on combatting crime that delivers clear social value outcomes. We are also clear that the interests of law-abiding citizens and victims must always take precedence over those of criminals. We also pledge the following: We will prosecute all cases of adult sexual behaviour with under-age minors. The age of consent will not be reviewed or changed We will adopt a zero tolerance approach to cultural practices that are either illegal or which conflict with British values and customs, including forced marriages, female genital mutilation and ‘so-called’ honour killings. We will enforce the law and prosecute where necessary UKIP will seek to introduce new personal weapons legislation to reflect progress made on knife crime and combat the many different kinds of items now used to injure, disfigure or kill We will not decriminalise illegal drugs, however we will focus on ensuring drug suppliers, not their victims, face the full force of the law We will update licensing laws in response to calls from local authorities to limit the maximum stake on fixed-odds betting terminals from £100 down to £2, to tackle problem gambling and anti-social behaviour. We will decriminalise one crime: non-payment of the TV licence fee. This will become a civil rather than a criminal offence. We will also review the cost of the licence fee with a view to its reduction. UK PRISONS An early priority for UKIP will be to re-establish prison capacity. We will not risk allowing sentencing or parole hearings to be influenced by a lack of prison places. In the first instance, we will free up prison space by removing foreign criminals, of which there were over 10,000 in prisons in England and Wales, according to the last reported figures from the House of Commons Library. We support purpose-built prison facilities and the upgrade of older prisons, but will not reduce prison place numbers, or force an artificial reduction in prisoner capacity via any means. If criminals do the crime, they can expect to serve the time. Rehabilitation and reintegration into society for all prisoners is a UKIP priority, so it is essential that prisoners have sufficient numeracy and literacy skills to re-enter the workplace. We will introduce a system whereby suitably qualified prisoners will be paid to teach prisoners with a low standard of literacy and numeracy. Prisoners must sign an education covenant requiring them to complete their studies on release. Any money earned in prison must first be used to pay any compensation due to victims and thereafter towards further studies. Prisoners will not be given the vote. Those who have lost their right to liberty by committing a serious crime should also lose their ability to vote. Voting is a civic right, not a human right. DEALING WITH FOREIGN CRIMINALS There is significant public concern about the ability of convicted foreign criminals first to gain entry to the UK and subsequently to obtain British citizenship. UKIP will not allow this to continue. If they have been convicted of any crime, foreign nationals will potentially forfeit any entitlement to a UK Passport and to unrestricted entry to the country. We will introduce a fast-track deportation programme to  safeguard our national security and ease overcrowding and  pressure on our prison service. Foreign prisoners in receipt of  custodial sentences will be returned to their country of origin. If they choose to launch an appeal, they must do so from their  home country, or the country to which they are deported. They must also pay their own costs, or their home nation must fund their case. This policy will benefit the UK tax payer; is fair to all criminals regardless of origin; and reinstates UK judicial control. DNA testing and retention of DNA data results will be reinstated for all convicted foreign criminals. This, in our view, is a major preventative step towards protecting UK citizens and our front-line security forces. We will amend the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 to enable the police to continue to keep samples from foreign suspects who are arrested but not charged in Britain. British justice is still the best in the world, but is being corrupted by the EU. Unelected bureaucrats in Brussels and judges in Strasbourg and Luxembourg, can ignore British fears about crime. It is time to bring our British legal system back under British control. POLITICAL REFORM “Politics in Britain has become a cartel. Many MPs only became MPs by working in the office of MPs. Instead of answering outward to their constituents, too many MPs only answer to other MPs in Westminster. We need fundamental change to reconnect politics with the public.” With party whips wielding so much power, Parliament has grown supine and often spineless. Instead of challenging ministers, too many MPs simply do what their whips tell them. Parliamentary Questions are planted. Debates are rigged. Prime Minister’s Question Time generates a lot of heat, but sheds little light. UKIP wants far reaching political reform to ensure that government answers properly to Parliament and that Parliament is accountable to the people. We will introduce: The Citizens’ Initiative: Every two years we will allow a national referendum on the issues of greatest importance to the British public, gathered via an approved petition, provided the petition has more than two million signatures. The outcome of these referendums will be included in the Queen’s Speech, therefore allowing the public to directly influence legislation. We will also pledge to put matters gathering over 100,000 signatures on the Commons’ Order Paper, to make sure they are genuinely debated and voted upon, not simply brushed over, as currently happens The Right of Recall: UKIP will give voters real power to sack their MP and scrap the bogus Recall measures introduced by the Tory-led Coalition. Under our proposals, if twenty per cent of an MP’s constituents demand it, within a period of eight weeks, a Recall ballot will be triggered. We will extend this Right of Recall to all elected politicians, e.g. councillors An Open Primaries Bill: UKIP will introduce an Open Primaries Bill to enable any political parties that wished to do so to widen their selection process to include every local voter. Open Primary ballots would help ensure candidates in winnable seats need not be Westminster insiders. As well as making MPs more accountable to the public, UKIP will make Government answer more directly to Parliament. We will introduce:  Confirmation hearings: These will require Commons Select Committees to vote to approve the appointment of any new minister, senior civil servant or senior diplomat before they get the job. They will also have the power to veto such appointments. The same rules will apply to senior appointments to quangos and inspection bodies, such as Ofsted Expenditure hearings:  Until the 1930s, MPs were able to amend public spending plans. Since then they can only can only cheer or boo government spending plans, which are presented to them as a fait accompli. In order to control public spending and reduce taxes over time, UKIP will give the relevant Commons Select Committee the power to veto items of spending, but not increase them. VOTING REFORM In an age of multi-party politics, our current first past the post  Parliamentary election system is unfair and no longer fit for  purpose. Most MPs are elected by a minority of their voters  and perhaps with as little as 26 per cent of the vote share. UKIP believes voters should know that every vote counts. We  want an electoral system where each voter can vote for the  party they really believe in, rather than against one they do  not, for tactical reasons. UKIP will campaign for a new, proportional voting system that delivers a Parliament truly reflective of the number of votes cast, while retaining a constituency link, so every vote really does count. We will also: Restrict the entitlement to vote in British general elections to British citizens and, potentially, countries which have reciprocal voting rights for British citizens, such as Ireland Scrap the failing Electoral Commission and Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) and merge their functions into a new Political Standards Authority under new independent leadership and a cross-party board of governance with voting lay members Remove postal voting on demand. We will scrap the existing postal vote register completely and start again from scratch. Those wishing to have a postal vote must have a valid reason for applying. We will not allow postal voting on demand. It is open to fraud on such a scale that election rigging is now a real possibility and perhaps even a probability in some areas. We cannot allow ‘banana republic’ voting fraud in Britain. LOCAL GOVERNMENT “UKIP will bring back power to the people with common sense, local policies which will make people’s lives easier. UKIP councillors know who is boss: we only answer to you and we are known for rolling up our sleeves and getting the job done!” Local authorities have significant power in matters concerning planning and housing, education, local refuse and recycling facilities, parks and leisure facilities, transport, libraries and keeping local people safe. Too often, elected councillors put party politics ahead of taxpayers when making decisions on these important matters. UKIP believes councils should exist to serve their communities first and we will put power back where it belongs: in the hands of local people. We will: -Continue to give UKIP councillors the freedom to vote how they choose. We believe the community is their ‘boss’ and they will not be ‘whipped’ to bloc vote like councillors in other political parties Keep Council Tax as low as possible Oppose excessive development and actively seek to protect our countryside and green spaces Give local people control over planning, by giving them the final say on major planning decisions, such as out-of-town large-scale supermarket developments, wind turbines, incinerators, solar farms and major housing developments, through the use of binding local referenda Adopt a zero tolerance approach to anti-social behaviour and crack down on nuisance and noisy neighbours Make the setting up of a traveller pitch without permission illegal Reinstate weekly bin collections where local communities have lost them and want them reinstated Oppose the ‘cabinet’ system of governance, which puts too much power in the hands of too few people and advocate a committee system which brings more openness, transparency and cross-party collaborative working Seek at all times to give council tax payers best value for money by: Cutting excessive allowances for councillors Slashing excessive pay deals and golden handshakes for council executives Limiting the number of highly-paid council employees Cutting advertising and self-promotion budgets Building partnerships to reduce costs Abolishing non-essential jobs and red tape. UKIP will also undertake a full review of all the many statutory duties national government places on local government, with a view to reducing the burden on councils. BRITISH CULTURE “When did patriotism become something to be discouraged? It can be a unifying force for good. There is nothing ‘extreme’ about wanting to celebrate ‘Britishness’ and it is about time we started doing so again.” UKIP believes in Britain. We believe Britain can be a strong, proud, independent,  sovereign nation. We are the envy of the world for our rich history, our art and our architecture, our monarchy. We led the way in the abolition of the slave trade. Our Industrial Revolution transformed the world. A plethora of great Britons stream through international history. Our language is the most widely spoken on the planet. Britain is a remarkable country and we are a remarkable people. We have helped shape the modern world. Britain is more than just a star on someone else’s flag. The liberal metropolitan elite often tells us patriotism is wrong, that it is something to be discouraged. We are told we should be ashamed of our past; that we must apologise for it. Hints are dropped that wanting to celebrate ‘Britishness’ is an act that touches on extremism. We in UKIP, along with the vast majority of the British people, beg to differ. We are not afraid to talk about the kind of country we are, have been, and indeed, want to be in the future. Neither are we afraid to tackle head-on cultural issues of crucial importance. This clearly distinguishes us from the other parties, who have sought to denigrate our historic values of sovereignty, democracy, independence, patriotism and freedom by handing responsibility for Governance over to the EU. REINVIGORATING BRITISH CULTURE AND VALUES UKIP will promote a unifying British culture, open to anyone who wishes to identify with Britain and British values, regardless of their ethnic or religious background. This is genuine inclusiveness. We reject multiculturalism, the doctrine whereby different ethnic and religious groups are encouraged to maintain all aspects of their cultures, instead of integrating into our majority culture, even if some of their values and customs conflict with British ones. We believe multiculturalism has led to an alarming fragmentation of British society. UKIP does want people to integrate and, because we believe in Britain, we are also committed to promoting the English language as a common ingredient that will bind our society together. With these aims in mind, UKIP will: End the use of multi-lingual formatting on official documents. These will be published only in English and, where appropriate, Welsh and Gaelic Uphold freedom of speech within the law as a fundamental British value. We believe all ideas and beliefs should be open to discussion and scrutiny and we will challenge the ‘culture of offence’ as it risks shutting down free speech Recognise that British values include tolerance of religion. UKIP is committed to protecting religious freedoms for all believers in the UK, in accordance with Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. We believe, however, that those faiths and beliefs must exist firmly within a British framework. We will not condone any faith position which is itself intolerant and refuses to recognise the human rights of others Uphold the integrity of British law, ensuring it applies to all, equally. We will not condone parallel or conflicting systems that deny equality under the law Insist that those attending faith-based tribunals must be informed that they cannot be forced to attend and that the rulings from such hearings may not be legally binding under British law Review funding for public bodies which promote divisiveness through multiculturalism Introduce a mandatory reporting requirement for suspected cases of Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) for front-line professionals such as teachers, social services, GPs, nurses and police. This will be supported by the inclusion of FGM awareness into safeguarding training for teachers, school staff and governors. TAKING PRIDE IN BRITAIN We need to take pride in our country again and claim back our heritage from the ‘chattering classes’ who have denigrated our culture, highlighted our failings as a country, rather than celebrating our successes, and tried to make us ashamed to be British. UKIP will encourage pride in Britain among our young people, who have become detached from our national cultural heritage. UKIP supports a chronological understanding of British history and achievements in the National Curriculum, which should place due emphasis on the unique influence Britain has had in shaping the modern world. UKIP will declare St George’s Day, 23rd April a Bank Holiday in England and St David’s Day, 1st March, in Wales. TRADE “We do not need to be in political union with the EU in order to trade with the EU. Britain will continue to trade with the EU after Brexit and to say otherwise is a deliberate deceit on the electors of our country. Leaving means we can increase our trade reach in the world’s growing markets, on our own, for ourselves, without being shackled to an over-bureaucratic, failing EU market that dilutes our influence and produces little except low economic growth and high unemployment.” The longer we stay in the European Union, the more we become like ‘little Englanders,’ an isolated, insignificant, offshore province in a country called Europe. We become less and less like the ‘Great’ Britain we really are. We are a global trading nation, a G7 country, the world’s fifth largest economy. The UK is the fourth largest exporter of goods worldwide; the seventh largest manufacturing nation; a permanent member of the UN Security Council; a founder-member of the World Bank and the Commonwealth of Nations; one of the major players in NATO. English is the most widely-spoken business language and London the world’s leading international financial centre. Is it astonishing how many politicians claim we are ‘too small’ to go it alone. These blinkered doomsayers are not just unpatriotic, they are very, very wrong. OUT OF THE EU AND INTO THE WORLD Prior to joining the EU, Britain struck her own trade deals and traded freely across the globe. We surrendered our trade negotiating rights when we signed up to what was then the EEC and vacated our seat on the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Britain has not negotiated a single trade deal since 1975 and, while we remain in the EU, we will never negotiate one again. UKIP believes we can trade again, very successfully, by re-activating our seat at the WTO, where we can negotiate as a full and independent member. EU TRADE MYTHS EXPLODED We do not have to be members of the EU in order to trade with the EU, or any other country. More than sixty non-EU countries have trade deals with the EU. In 2013, the top twenty of these, countries such as Switzerland, Norway, Hong Kong, Canada, Nigeria, Mexico and Australia, together exported goods and services worth €2.593 trillion to EU countries, according to the EU’s own figures, more than our entire economy in the same year. Moreover, six of the top ten countries that export to the EU do not have a trade agreement with the EU at all: China, Russia, the USA, Japan, India and Brazil. Being in the EU is no guarantee of greater financial rewards than being out in terms of trade: non-EU Switzerland, with an economy one-quarter the size of ours, exports four and a half times more to the EU, per capita, than the UK does. The inconvenient truth for our Europhile political class is that political union offers no advantages to trade, although it may inhibit it. We export more to the USA – some £40 billion annually – than we do to either France or Germany, our largest EU markets, without having to become the fifty-first American state and without the free movement of people between our nations. TRADE ON ‘BREXIT,’ BRITISH EXIT FROM THE EU Once the UK leaves the EU, we, as a country, regain our ability to take back our vacant seat at the WTO and represent ourselves, negotiating our own trade agreements and advancing our own national trade interests. A first step would be to broker a bespoke UK-EU trade agreement, which we believe is desirable. This is what we will seek and without doubt achieve, possibly within a very short period of time. The UK has been a leader in international trade for centuries, long before the European Union. We will continue to trade internationally after Brexit, enjoying the rights inherent in the WTO’s ‘Most Favoured Nation’ principle. We will regain full autonomy at the World Customs Organisation, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, and several of the UN’s constituent bodies - all of which have seen a steady erosion of our voting powers, as the EU has assumed primacy. With over 100 other international organisations counting the UK as a full member, we will be in a very strong negotiating position when we leave the EU. Suggestions that the EU would refuse to negotiate a trade deal with Britain if we left the Union are nothing more than scaremongering. Britain is the Eurozone’s biggest export market worldwide, the Eurozone’s biggest supplier worldwide, and the country with which the Eurozone has the biggest trade surplus worldwide. The truth is, the EU cannot afford to snub us: the EU actually needs us far more than we need the EU. It is time to free Britain from the shackles of the EU. We have a choice between a dying Europe and a vibrant, growing world; a choice between staying buried in the bureaucratic nightmare of Brussels, and resuming our proper place in the rest of the world. The common sense answer is to leave. DEFENCE “The world is aflame with conflict, yet our Armed Forces have been cut to the bone. We need a well-resourced, properly manned and fit-for-purpose defence capacity, but our ability to defend British interests around the world is now seriously inhibited. Our security at home is threatened and cuts have put additional strain on already  over-stretched and under-resourced troops.” The Government continues to signal its intention to widen engagement in international conflicts while, at the same time, implementing a crippling round of further military spending cuts,  under the auspices of the 2010 Strategic Defence and Security Review (SDSR). The Army is tasked with reducing personnel numbers to 82,000 by 2018, down from 102,500 in 2010. Battle tank strength has been cut by 40 per cent and there has been a 35 per cent cut in self-propelled artillery. The Conservatives’ ambition to recruit 30,000 personnel to the Territorial Army is failing. Together, the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy have suffered more than 10,000 job losses. The Nimrod maritime patrol aircraft programme has been cancelled. The aircraft carrier fleet has been decommissioned, despite having no operational replacements available until 2020. These cuts have demoralised our Armed Forces and left the nation unprepared to face emerging threats. REBUILDING OUR ARMED FORCES Our current level of military spending and staffing is not fulfilling the terms of our NATO membership - which requires that we spend 2 per cent of GDP on defence - and the government has failed to lay out details of spending plans beyond 2015/16. On the basis that the current base level of defence spending is maintained after 2015/16 at 1.9 per cent, UKIP will increase the defence budget to meet our obligations to NATO and spend 2 per cent of GDP on defence in 2015/16. We will exceed it substantially for the remaining years of the parliament. We will phase in increased defence spending over the next five years up to an additional £4 billion by 2020. This will return funding to the pre-SDSR level, and allow for £1 billion yearly expenditure on capital projects deemed to be of the highest strategic priority by the MoD. We will rebuild our Armed Forces and restore them to their rightful place among the most professional, flexible and effective fighting forces in the world, able to meet the security demands of the modern era and react appropriately to any threat that the UK faces both now and in the future. RETAIN OUR NUCLEAR DETERRENT Faced with rogue states such as North Korea and Iran, which have developed advanced nuclear capabilities, UKIP does not believe now is the time to be talking about or proposing nuclear disarmament and we support Trident renewal. AIRCRAFT CARRIERS The two new Queen Elizabeth class aircraft carriers are superb operational platforms. UKIP supports their deployment, while having reservations about the Royal Navy’s ability to man, operate and protect them: it could take nearly every ship in the current fleet to form an effective carrier group. We also have reservations about the development of the American F-35B Lightning II aircraft that are due to fly from the carriers by 2020, given the massive technical problems involved. This platform may never be mission-capable. We will investigate further whether it would be better to commission an ‘off-the-shelf’ aircraft option and adapt the two Queen Elizabeth class carriers for non-vertical take-off and landings. INCREASING INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITY Currently, British intelligence is fragmented between a number of agencies, including MI5, MI6, GCHQ and BBC Monitoring. All have different funding streams and report to different government departments. This generates a significant overlap in work and resources and risks exposing gaps in the system. UKIP will create a new over-arching role of Director of National Intelligence (subject to confirmation hearing by the relevant Commons Select Committee), who will be charged with reviewing UK intelligence and security, in order to ensure threats are identified, monitored and dealt with by the swiftest, most appropriate and legal means available. He or she will be responsible for bringing all intelligence services together; developing cyber security measures; cutting down on waste and encouraging information and resource sharing. TAX ON ACTIVE SERVICE UKIP will revise the Armed Forces terms of service to ensure personnel on operational duty overseas do not pay income tax. EU ARMY UKIP wholly opposes the creation of a EU Army. We will not tolerate British troops operating under European command, on British soil or elsewhere. HONOURING THE MILITARY COVENANT Wherever we send our brave heroes, whatever the danger, they never let us down. We will not let them down. We will honour the Military Covenant. UKIP will create a dedicated Minister for Veterans, attached to the Cabinet Office to head up a Veterans Administration (VA). The VA will work with current MoD veteran services and established charities to provide a single point of contact for veterans in a range of fields: health care, housing, counselling, education and training, rehabilitation, hospital care, access to veteran financial services, benefits and memorialisation. Issues such as veteran homelessness, drug and alcohol abuse and mental health problems will also come under this remit, as will rolling out the following initiatives by 2020: A DEDICATED MILITARY HOSPITAL We believe members of our Armed Forces should have access to expert care services, configured to meet the specific needs of serving forces personnel and veterans. Britain is the only major country in Europe that does not have a dedicated military hospital, so we will build one. It will provide specialist physical and mental health services and provide accommodation for 150 relatives or friends on site. HOSTELS FOR HOMELESS VETERANS 9,000 homeless people are ex-forces, as are one in ten people sleeping rough on the streets, according to charities Combat Stress and Crisis. That those who have been willing to defend our homeland have ended up without a home themselves is appalling. By 2020, UKIP will build eight halfway house veterans’ hostels, each with 200 rooms and modelled on similar hostels already in operation. We will also built 500 affordable rent homes every year for ex-forces personnel. JOBS FOR EX-SERVICEMEN AND WOMEN We will guarantee the offer of a job in the police service, prison service or border force for anyone who has served in the Armed Forces for a minimum of 12 years. This policy will also help meet our pledge to fund an additional 6,000 full time positions across these three organisations. We will secure our borders, get more police on the streets, have safer prisons and honour the Military Covenant. BOOTS TO BUSINESS Skills gained in the forces can be useful when running a small business. We will create a ‘Boots to Business’ scheme to channel loans, grants and access to free professional advice and mentors to veterans who wish to set up and run their own businesses after leaving the forces. SUPPORTING OUR HEROES AND THEIR FAMILIES Key roles for the VA will include bereavement support; the issue of a veteran service card to ensure fast-track access to NHS mental health care; and the award of a National Defence Medal to all veterans, irrespective of rank or length of service. The current anomaly in the Armed Forces Compensation Scheme will be rectified, so no veteran has to use their war pension to pay for social care, whenever they were injured. These entitlements will be extended to service personnel from overseas. If they have shared the responsibility, stress and danger associated with military service, they should be entitled to exactly the same benefits as the man or woman who stood at their side. FOREIGN AFFAIRS “Britain’s role in the world has changed significantly over the past few decades. Instead of concerning ourselves with securing peace, British forces have been deployed around the world in a series of conflicts that seem to have worsened, instead of improved, our security situation.” Since 1997, Labour and the Conservative/Lib Dem Coalition have deployed our Armed Forced to conflicts in Afghanistan, Kosovo, Sierra Leone, Libya and Iraq, while maintaining the ‘War on Terror’. They proposed military action in Syria. More recently, Parliament approved air strikes over Iraq on Islamic State. Latest deployments include deterrent exercises in Poland and the Baltic States and a little publicised, but substantial, deployment to Nigeria. These interventions have stretched the UK’s Armed Forces to the limit and damaged our reputation in the international community. They have caused social problems here at home and jaded the British public’s attitude towards involvement in future conflicts. Iraq is a much more dangerous place today. So is Libya Britain’s increasing involvement with European Union expansionism is putting us increasingly, unnecessarily, at loggerheads with Russia. The MoD recently told Ukraine it can count on ‘any possible assistance’ in maintaining its territorial integrity. It is yet another sign that our political leaders are willing to put our troops in harm’s way at the behest of other country’s political agendas. We have to be clear: we should stand firmly alongside our allies around the world, but cannot continue committing troops into conflict at the drop of a hat – often under-resourced - and with a veterans policy that lets down those returning from the horrors of war. Our commitment to NATO must be upheld and we will not shirk our responsibilities towards our allies, but UKIP believes our parliamentary democracy should be consulted at every opportunity, before committing any taxpayer resources, or our forces, to combat situations. UKIP acknowledges there are real, existential threats around the world. The rise of Islamic extremism is at the forefront of this and, indeed, is possibly the most important battle of our generation. But the fight with and against this ideology is not best fought on a battlefield 3,000 miles away, but at home, where we have significant problems of radicalisation and incitement to terrorism . In Europe, UKIP would push for commitments from our European neighbours, as well as multi-national organisations, to guarantee the British sovereignty and territorial integrity of Gibraltar and its waters. In the South Atlantic, we must not ‘negotiate’ or kowtow to Argentine aggression over the Falkland Islands, but uphold and respect the islanders’ decision – through the self-determination of a recent referendum – their overwhelming desire and right to remain British. In the Middle East, UKIP wants to see nations at peace, but acknowledges that sectarianism, fuelled by historical Western involvement, has rendered this all but impossible within a generation. We want to see a peaceful, two-state solution in Israel and the Palestinian territories. Britain is not merely a European country, but part of a global community, the Anglosphere. Beyond the EU and even the Commonwealth are a network of nations that share not merely our language but our common law, democratic traditions and global trading interests. From India to the United States, New Zealand to the Caribbean, UKIP would want to foster closer ties with the Anglosphere. Around the rest of the globe, UKIP’s policies, including opening up from a small, Euro-centric view of the world – wherein we are bound by EU membership not to negotiate our own trade deals- to becoming a sovereign nation that can trade with other countries, would once again inform our foreign policy. Once unbound from the EU, Britain would once again take her place in the family of nations as an independent, sovereign state, free to negotiate her own trade deals and determine her own foreign policy objectives. We believe nations which trade with one another are less likely to go to war with each other and, it is on this basis, that we would seek to create a more global Britain, fully able to pursue her own interests. “Ultimately, UKIP wants to help lift people out of poverty through trade, not aid. In the meantime, we’ll continue to support the poorest people on earth through programmes that prioritise clean water and sanitation, vaccinations and disaster relief.” The politics of austerity has taken its toll. Hundreds of thousands of people in Britain are relying on foodbanks for survival. `Pensioners are freezing to death in winter as a result of rising fuel bills. The NHS is under severe financial strain. Social care budgets have been slashed, leaving some of the most needy in our society without adequate support. Our young people have been forced into debt by a 200 per cent increase in tuition fees. Despite this severe economic hardship, MPs and peers in all parties except UKIP voted to massively increase foreign aid expenditure, borrowing money that will increase the national debt we leave to our children. It is now enshrined in law that we must pay 0.7 per cent of our Gross National Income (GNI) on aid every year. The old parties pushed ahead with this expenditure regardless, ignoring considerable evidence that the money spent on overseas aid is not well directed or controlled and that much is wasted, lost to corruption or handed to countries already wealthy enough to have their own space programmes, nuclear weapons and even overseas aid programmes of their own. UKIP will repeal recent legislation committing aid spending to 0.7 per cent of GNI. We object to taxpayers’ money being sent to already economically thriving countries; countries with poor human rights’ records; and to money being spent on politically correct vanity projects that do nothing to lift developing nations out of poverty. We also believe charity should begin at home. UKIP will bring overseas aid spending into line with that of the United States, which has a very similar level of deficit and overall debt as a percentage of GNI to the UK. USA aid currently stands at 0.2 per cent of GNI and this is what we will match. This change will be phased in over three years and the UK level of overseas aid will remain substantial, not falling below £4 billion per annum, more than given by Spain and Italy combined. Projects in progress will be completed and any contractual obligations met. We will require all project expenditure to have clear, definable outcomes and future spending priorities will focus on emergency relief, healthcare, inoculation against preventable diseases and clean water and sanitation programmes. The contracts for delivery of these programmes will be offered to British providers first, following removal of the EU Procurement Directive. TRADE NOT AID Removing barriers to trade is a far more effective way to tackle poverty than giving aid hand-outs, which can provide incentives for corrupt leaders to stifle economic progress. This is where UKIP will focus: having escaped from the EU’s protectionism, which has a negative impact on international development, we will be better placed to help provide sustainable livelihoods for the world’s poorest people, by giving them free access to the British market. THE DEPARTMENT FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (DFID) DFID has already shown itself to be wasteful and lacking in focus on aid outcomes, yet its budget has been protected from recent government cuts. UKIP takes a very different view: when DFID’s budget is reduced, we see no reason to keep DIFD running as an independent Government department. We will close DFID and merge its essential functions into the Foreign Office, retaining a single Minister for Overseas Development. BREXIT WHY WE SHOULD  LEAVE THE EU UKIP’s position has been quite unfairly and misleadingly labelled ‘anti-Europe.’ We are not ‘anti-Europe,’ but we are firmly opposed to political integration within Europe. Back in 1972, we were told we were joining a ‘common market.’ What we actually joined was a supranational political union. We have lost our rights of self-government in the stealth creation of a United States of Europe, which has its own flag, national anthem, parliament, central bank, court of justice, a vast civil service, and fledgling military and police forces. The tentacles of the EU stretch into almost every area of our national life. The EU has complete control over British financial services, fishing, farming, energy and trade. It dictates UK business and employment legislation and immigration rules. It seeks greater control over our law enforcement services, our foreign affairs and tax policy. There is significant momentum behind plans for a EU-wide army and police force. The EU ‘shares’ responsibility with us for many other policy areas, including animal welfare, consumer protection, public health, space programmes, social policy, humanitarian aid and vocational training, to mention but a few. On these and many other issues, our elected Westminster politicians are impotent. They pretend to have the power to influence these matters, but actually they have none. It is an out-of-sight, unaccountable, pan-European bureaucratic elite which has the final say and they do not consider Britain’s best interests. The European Parliament is no safeguard. It is a sham democracy: our MEPs are not allowed to generate or re-visit existing legislation. They can only vote on decisions made by unelected Commissioners and, even then, their vote can be ignored. We have nothing to lose and everything to gain by leaving the EU. Despite the fact we are the world’s fifth largest economy and the seventh largest manufacturing nation, we will never again make a direct trade deal with any other nation until we leave the EU. We will never control our borders or manage immigration. We will never be able to prevent foreign trawlers plundering our seas of precious fish. If the EU’s plans for ‘tax harmonisation’ come to fruition, soon we may find we cannot even set our own taxes. What else is coming down the tracks? A British exit from the EU, ‘Brexit,’ is the only choice open to us, if we are to make our own laws and control our own destiny. Unless we leave, our democracy, our law-making powers and our sovereignty will continue to be salami-sliced away by the EU. Genuine reform is impossible: successive EU Presidents, senior officials and European Prime Ministers have confirmed there is no hope of Britain negotiating any opt-outs, or special treatment. As far as our ‘influence’ goes, we have very little anyway. As the European Union has expanded, our vote share in the Council of Ministers, the European Parliament, and the European Commission, has declined to the point where it is now almost insignificant. We can vote ‘no’ to proposals as often as we like, but unless other countries agree, measures will go on become British law anyway. For all these reasons and more, Britain is better off out. This is our roadmap to freedom: the process that will lead Great Britain out of the EU and into the world. A REFERENDUM ON MEMBERSHIP UKIP believes British citizens should have an in/out referendum on our membership of the EU as soon as possible. Our question of choice will be: DO YOU WISH BRITAIN TO BE A FREE, INDEPENDENT, SOVEREIGN DEMOCRACY? Only British citizens will be allowed to vote and there will be strict spending limits for both ‘yes’ and ‘no’ camps, together with fair, balanced and equal media coverage of both arguments. Following a vote to leave, we have two legal options: We repeal the European Communities Act 1972 and leave immediately We activate Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and notify the European Council that the UK has decided to leave the EU in two years’ time. The second option provides for a sensible, orderly exit and this is the option we prefer. PREPARATION FOR WITHDRAWAL FROM THE EU Having activated Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, we will set a fixed date, two years ahead, on which we intend to leave, while recognising we could leave earlier. Then we will begin amicable negotiations. British exit will be a huge relief for many other EU members, who have known all along that the vast majority of the British people find the idea of political union with the rest of Europe abhorrent. They are fully aware that we would never have joined the EU, had the political nature of the enterprise not been deliberately concealed from the electorate in 1975. Our leaving will set them free to have full political union, if that is what they really want and set us free to make the most of all our links with the Commonwealth, with North America, Australasia, much of Africa, the Indian subcontinent and all the other countries where English is the first or second language, as well as, of course, with Europe and the EU itself. The UK is the EU’s largest export market and, militarily, the strongest European member of NATO. With Russia once more flexing its muscles and controlling much of the energy supplies to Western Europe, the other EU member states will have more than a casual interest in making sure their relationship with us remains amicable. AGREEING BREXIT: THE OBJECTIVES What do we wish to achieve from our negotiations with the EU? Our objectives are clear: Firstly, we will secure trade agreements with the EU, the 40 nations with trade agreements with the EU and other nations of interest to us. As a G7 member, a leading world economy, the fifth largest by GDP, this will be a rapid process in most cases. Countries already trading with the EU will want to continue seamless trade relationships; other world nations will want to forge new trade alliances with the UK; and all nations will find it easier to deal with the UK directly. As a minimum, we will seek continued access on free-trade terms to the EU’s single market. Our custom is valuable to the EU now and will continue to be so following Brexit. Secondly, there will be a wide range of issues on which we will want to continue to co-operate. These include extradition treaties, cross-border intelligence, disaster relief, accommodation of refugees, pan-EU healthcare arrangements and various other cultural projects. We will also maintain our membership of pan-European institutions, such as the European Space Agency and the European Medicines Agency. AGREEING BREXIT: THE PROCESS The Foreign Secretary will oversee the Brexit process and establish a Post-EU Secretariat, with responsibility for: Co-ordinating the disengagement Reviewing of EU legislation and directives as they affect each area of government Determining the post-EU status of all EU treaties Re-establishing the UK’s membership of the World Trade Organisation Commencing free-trade agreement negotiations with non-EU countries Agreeing a UK/EU trade agreement Agreeing a UK/EU Brexit Treaty For 40 years the UK and the EU have been pulling in different directions: Brexit will leave us free to fulfil our different destinies, while enjoying mutually beneficial and prosperous relationships with each other. UKIP FIVE YEAR FISCAL PLAN Table 1 (continued) All figures in £bn TAX AND EXPENDITURE 2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 2018-19 2019-20 Income Tax mid-rate of 30% increased to £55,000 by 2019-20 1.18 1.98 2.93 3.88 Income Tax personal allowance increased to £13,000 by 2019-20 2.03 4.07 6.17 8.14 NHS provision 1.50 2.00 2.50 3.00 3.00 Social Care provision 0.60 1.00 1.20 1.20 1.20 Carers Allowance increased to level of Job Seekers Allowance 0.40 0.40 0.40 0.40 0.40 Bedroom Tax abolished 0.50 0.50 0.50 0.50 0.50 Inheritance Tax abolished by 2020 0.92 2.04 3.42 5.12 Restore defence budget to level prior to Strategic Defence and Security Review 2010 1.40 2.00 2.60 2.90 3.00 Ministry of Defence capital projects 0.50 0.70 1.00 1.00 1.00 Veterans Administration 0.12 0.32 0.35 0.35 0.44 Jobs for ex-servicemen and women 0.12 0.20 0.22 0.23 0.24 Higher education tuition fees abated after 5 years for STEMM students 1.79 1.81 1.16 1.89 1.98 Hospital car parking fees abolished 0.20 0.20 0.20 0.20 0.20 National referenda 0.04 0.04 0.04 0.04 0.04 Transferable Income Tax personal allowance increased to £1,500 by 2019-20 0.03 0.10 0.20 0.30 Stamp duty relief and incentive grants to build houses on  brownfield sites 0.25 0.50 0.50 0.50 Business rates cut - 20% relief on premises with a rateable value up to £50,000 1.15 1.16 1.18 1.20 Provision for other policy items 0.30 0.30 0.40 0.50 0.70 Total spending 7.47 15.03 20.42 26.61 31.84 Net budgetary impact 0.78 0.51 5.13 2.84 0.19