AC 434 LON51 REPORT OF THE MEDICAL OFFICER OF HEALTH OF THE CITY OF LONDON FOR THE YEAR 1925 LONDON Printed by Drake, Driver & Leaver, Ltd., Rosebery Avenue, E.C.I. 1926 REPORT OF THE MEDICAL OFFICER OF HEALTH OF THE CITY OF LONDON For the Year 1925. LONDON. Printed by Drake, Driver & Leaver, Ltd., Rosebery Avenue E.C.I 1926. INDEX. A. PAGE. ANNUAL RATEABLE VALUE 17 APPENDICES 89 APPLES AND CONTAMINATION BY ARSENIC 52 ARTIZANS' DWELLINGS, STONEY LANE 70 ATMOSPHERIC POLLUTION 35 B. BIRTHS 18 INFANT WELFARE 20 NOTIFICATION 20 c. COURTS AND ALLEYS, FLUSHING 75 LIMEWASHING 75 CREMATIONS 37 D. DAIRIES, COWSHEDS AND MILKSHOPS ORDERS 39 DENSITY 17 DISINFECTION OF SECOND-HAND CLOTHING 21 E. EXHUMATION AND REINTERMENT OF HUMAN REMAINS AT— CITY OF LONDON CEMETERY 37 SAINT MILDRED, POULTRY, CHURCHYARD 38 SITE OF SAINT BENET FINKS' CHURCH 37 F. FACTORY AND WORKSHOPS ACT, 1901— ABOVEGROUND BAKEHOUSES 77 „ „ „ —FACTORIES, WORKSHOPS AND WORKPLACES 77 „ „ „ - KITCHENS OF RESTAURANTS, WASHING ACCOMMODATION 84 „ „ ,, —OUTWORKERS 78 „ „ „ —SUMMARY OF WORK DONE 78 „ „ „ —UNDERGROUND BAKEHOUSES 77 FISH—SUPPLIES AND SEIZURES 68 FOOD AT RIVERSIDE WHARVES—INSPECTIONS AND CONDEMNATIONS 89 H. HAIRDRESSERS' AND BARBERS' SHOPS 35 HOUSE AND TRADE REFUSE REMOVAL 75 HOUSING 8,10,35 HUMAN REMAINS—SAINT MILDRED, POULTRY CHURCHYARD 38 „ „ —SITE OF ST. BENET FINK'S CHURCH 37 I. ICE CREAM 39 INFANTILE MORTALITY 18 INFANT WELFARE 20 INFECTIOUS DISEASE 21 „ „ —BACTERIOLOGICAL AND PATHOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS 21 „ „ —DIPHTHERIA ANTI-TOXIN 21 „ „ —NURSING PROVISION — MEASLES, ENCEPHALITIS LETHARGICA, CEREBROSPINAL FEVER AND INFLUENZA 24 „ „ —POLIOMYELITIS 24 „ „ —SMALLPOX 24 „ „ —TEMPORARY ISOLATION ACCOMMODATION, 29, MIDDLESEX STREET 24 „ „ —TRAFFIC IN SECOND HAND CLOTHING 21 „ „ —TUBERCULOSIS 25 „ „ „ (WORKSHOPS FOR TUBERCULOUS PATIENTS) 29 „ „ —VENEREAL DISEASES 18, 32 L. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS—SANITARY 75 LIMEWASHING OF COURTS 75 LODGING HOUSES, COMMON—116, MIDDLESEX STREET 75 „ „ REGISTERED 74 M. MARGARINE, REGISTRATION OF DEALERS IN MARGARINE AND MARGARINE CHEESE 39 MEAT INSPECTIONS 52 „ „ —ALDGATE MARKET AND SLAUGHTERHOUSES 58 „ „ „ „ (SEIZURES) 59 „ ,, —ARGENTINE OX TONGUES 60 „ „ —BONED MEAT 62 „ „ —CASEOUS LYMPHADENITIS 62 „ „ —DELIVERIES AT CENTRAL MARKETS 67 „ „ —DISEASED MEAT FROM VARIOUS COUNTRIES 60 „ „—IMPORTS OF FRESH MEAT AND BACON 52 „ „ —LEADENHALL MARKET AND CITY SHOPS 58 „ „ —LECTURES ON MEAT INSPECTIONS 62 „ ,, —POLISH SHEEP AND PIG CARCASES 62 „ „ —PUBLIC HEALTH (MEAT) REGULATIONS, 1924 63 „ „—SUPPLIES AT CENTRAL MARKETS 53 „ „ —TUBERCULOSIS—GENERAL OBSERVATIONS 62 „ „ —TUBERCULOSIS ORDER (NO. 2), 1925 66 „ „ —TUBERCULOUS MEAT 62 INDEX (continued). m. page. MEAT INSPECTIONS—UNSOUND MEAT AT CENTRAL MARKETS 68 „ „ —UNSOUND MEAT REMOVED FROM COLD STORES 57 MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS 87 MIDDLESEX STREET, NO 29. TEMPORARY ACCOMMODATION 24 MILK—BACTERIOLOGICAL AND CHEMICAL EXAMINATIONS FOR TUBERCULOSIS AND DIRT (RAILWAY STATIONS) 50 „ —DAIRIES, COWSHEDS AND MILKSHOP ORDERS 39 „ —INSPECTIONS OF PREMISES WHERE MILK IS SOLD 39 ,, —MILK AND CREAM REGULATIONS P.H. (CONDENSED MILK) REGULATIONS 40 ,, —MILK AND DAIRIES (AMENDMENT) ACT, 1922 39 ,, —RETAIL PURVEYORS, REGISTRATION STATISTICS 39 MORTALITY 18 „ —INFANTILE 18 „ —VIOLENCE 18 „ —PHTHISIS 18 MORTUARY—DISINFECTION OF CLOTHING FOR EXPORT, INQUESTS, Etc 72 „ —PRESERVATION OF BODIES OF UNKNOWN DEAD 72 N. NOTIFICATION OF BIRTHS ACT, 1907, AND INFANT WELFARE WORK 20 o. OVERCROWDING 76 P. PIGEONS, NUISANCE FROM 76 POLIOMYELITIS 24 POPULATION 17 PUBLIC HEALTH (CONDENSED MILK) REGULATIONS, 1923 40 „ „ —(MEAT) REGULATIONS, 1924 63 „ „ —(MILK AND CREAM) REGULATIONS, 1912 & 1917 40 „ „ —(PREVENTION OF TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS, 1925 31 „ „ —(TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS,1924 31 Q. QUINQUENNIAL SURVEY OF HEALTH CONDITIONS 7 „ „ „ „ —FOOD SUPPLY, CONTROL OF 14 „ „ „ „ —HOUSING 8, 10 „ „ „ „ —HUMANE SLAUGHTERING 15 „ „ „ „ —INFECTIOUS DISEASES 18 „ „ „ „ —MATTERS OF GENERAL INTEREST 7 „ „ „ „ —MEAT CONTAMINATION 15 „ „ „ „ —POULTRY 15 „ „ „ „ —PRESERVATIVES 15 „ „ „ „ —PROGRAMME FOR THE FUTURE 16 „ „ „ „—RESTAURANTS, GENERAL SANITATION 10 „ „ „ „—SANITATION 7, 10 „ „ „ „ —TUBERCULOSIS DISPENSARY 16 „ „ „ „ —UNDERGROUND WORKROOMS 12 „ „ „ „ —VENEREAL DISEASES 16 „ „ „ —VITAL STATISTICS 18 „ „ „ „ —WORKSHOPS AND WORKPLACES 11 R. RAILWAY STATIONS—SAMPLES OF MILK 50 RATEABLE VALUE 17 RAT REPRESSION 84 REFUSE REMOVAL 75 s. SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACTS—ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION REGARDING SAMPLES REPORTED TO BE NOT GENUINE 42 „ „ „ —PROSECUTIONS „ „ „ —SUMMARY OF ARTICLES EXAMINED UNDER SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACTS, AND PUBLIC HEALTH (MILK AND CREAM) REGULATIONS 44 SANITARY DEFECTS AND INFECTIOUS DISEASE 75 SANITARY INSPECTIONS 73 SECOND-HAND CLOTHING, DISINFECTION 21 SEWER, DEFECTIVE CONNECTIONS 75 SHELTER FOR TEMPORARY ACCOMMODATION, 29, MIDDLESEX STREET 24 SMALLPOX 24 SMOKE AND ATMOSPHERIC POLLUTION 35 STAFF 5 STATISTICAL INFORMATION 17 STREET GULLIES 75 T. TRAFFIC IN SECOND-HAND CLOTHING 21 TUBERCULOSIS 26 „ - PUBLIC HEALTH (TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS, 1924 31 „ „ „ (PREVENTION OF TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS, 1925 31 „ —TUBERCULOSIS ORDER (NO. 2) MEAT INSPECTION 66 —WORKSHOPS FOR TUBERCULOUS PATIENTS 29 V. VACCINATION 20 VENEREAL DISEASES 16,32 VIOLENT DEATHS 18 VITAL STATISTICS 20 SANITARY STAFF. MEDICAL OFFICER OF HEALTH. Date or Appointment. Howarth, Wm. J., C.B.E., M.D, D.P.H Dec., 1912 VETERINARY SURGEON. Young, T. Dunlop, O.B.E., M.R.C.V.S., D.V.S.M. Nov., 1909 CLERICAL STAFF. I.owe, George Sanitary Clerk Nov., 1902 Gray, Charles M. March, 1911 Blunt, Harold F. May, 1924 Lee, Wm. J. Oct., 1915 Spalding, C. A. March, 1918 Thredgold, Arthur W. Nov., 1923 Perris, George A. March, 1924 Cole, Ernest May, 1924 Chapman, Miss B. R. (Resigned August, 1925) Feb., 1920 Tunbridge, Mrs. Jan., 1917 Jarvis, Miss E. S., M.B.E May, 1921 WOMAN SANITARY INSPECTOR. Wilkinson, Miss Annie M. July, 1909 SANITARY INSPECTORS. Hills, Arthur Reginald April, 1888 Gathercole, Wm. Henry Joseph May, 1891 Simmons, Edward John June, 1892 Robbins, Francis Joseph Sept., 1892 Ralph, William Holden June, 1898 Robinson, Ernest S Feb., 1913 Fowler, George Henry Oct., 1920 McGrath, William Richard Mar., 1922 Harrington, George Edwin Dec., 1925 SANITARY INSPECTORS AND MEAT INSPECTORS. Sharp, J. Owen, Senior Inspector May, 1892 Kelland, William C May, 1899 Mettam, Harry Dec., 1903 Davies, Thos. L. Dec., 1903 Bintcliffe, Charles E. March, 1907 Matson, William S Dec, 1910 Mitchener, William E. Dec., 1910 Jones, John April, 1914 Slatter, Charles May, 1908 King, George G. April, 1910 Murray, Samuel B Sept., 1911 Mellish, Cyril E Jan., 1912 ASSISTANT INSPECTORS OF SLAUGHTERHOUSES AND MEAT. Pallett, Frank Nov., 1914 Thompson, Frederick July, 1924 KEEPER OF THE MORTUARY. Oakley, J. E Feb., 1909 DISINFECTOR. Steggles, T Dec., 1918 MESSENGERS. Pinkney, Robert W Oct., 1921 Bennett, E. V April, 1924 LABOURERS. McDonnell, R. J. (General Duties at Mortuary) April, 1903 Powis, B. ( Do. do. ) Feb., 1920 Hastings, T.( Do. do.) June, 1920 Collins, W. (Gatekeeper at City Mortuary) Nov., 1920 Adams, T. C. (Meat Shed) (Retired February, 1925) May, 1905 Ludgate, G. (Meat Shed) Oct., 1906 Morris, W. F. (Meat Shed) March, 1925 PORTERS, CENTRAL MEAT MARKET. Potter, R. March, 1914 Strong, S. R March, 1914 B annual report of the medical officer of health for the year 1925. To the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the Corporation of London Public Health Department, Guildhall, E.C. 2nd February, 1926. My Lord Mayor and Gentlemen, I beg to present herewith the report of the Medical Officer of Health for the Corporation of the City of London for the year 1925. QUINQUENNIAL SURVEY OF HEALTH CONDITIONS IN THE CITY. The memorandum issued by the Ministry of Health referring to annual reports of Medical Officers of Health suggests that the present report shall contain a section dealing with the progress made during the past five years. The idea of a quinquennial survey is an excellent one as it enables a stock-taking of health work to be attempted and, incidentally, enables activities to be adjusted. Interests differ in various areas, dependent on local circumstances, and the City perhaps as an administrative entity is peculiar. MATTERS OF GENERAL INTEREST. Avoidance of objectionable accumulations.—On what is known as "the square mile" there are only some 13,000 inhabitants, but somewhat less than half-a-million workers daily enter the area to perform duties which a concentration of businesses has rendered necessary. These workers may be regarded as the fixed day population but, in addition, there must be at least an equal number regularly proceeding to the City as casual visitors for one reason or another. To accommodate these numbers it is obvious that every spare inch of land has been utilised to the fullest extent and although most thoroughfares are reasonably wide the connecting lateral streets are very narrow, and in some places are little more than passages or alley-ways. Certain outstanding essentials must necessarily be observed. The streets require to be of impervious material retaining as little dirt as possible and the surface of these streets must be kept in an almost irreproachable condition. Without this attention the accumulations of dirt, the result of the daily influx of people, of traffic, of refuse accumulations and similar unavoidable circumstances, would provide a factor dangerous to health. It is not necessary to give figures in this part of the report, but, as Medical Officer of Health, I have to express a word of satisfaction in the way the streets are kept. The chief criticism, and it is one which has been considered by your Committee, has reference to the removal of refuse. This continues until a rather later hour in the morning than is desirable. Night removal of refuse is almost impracticable in view of the fact that the majority of City premises are lock-up places and the refuse is not available until office cleaners arrive in the morning. The few hours, therefore, which are available for refuse disposal make it almost impracticable for the work to be completed by 9 a.m. An important step has been taken by the decision of the Corporation to require, by byelaw, that all refuse be stored in impervious metal bins, provided with lids. This requirement is of recent date and no great advance had yet been made in respect of this general provision. It indicates, however, one of the future activities. The control of the daily food supply.—The large number of persons coming into the City requires to be fed. The business premises are not, except in a few instances, sufficiently large to justify firms making catering provision on the premises. In some instances this is provided and in a manner which is practically beyond reproach. The workers at these establishments B2 8 have, therefore, reason for satisfaction. Whether this provision will extend is doubtful, bearing in mind the fact that a business which may have made such arrangements may have become so successful that it requires additional room for administrative purposes, and the necessary property to enable extension to be made cannot always be obtained. In a few instances the refectory provision has had to be sacrificed for business exigencies. Other workers either bring their own food which is consumed at the office, or adjourn to a restaurant. The latter group constitute the larger number. In former days restaurants were mainly concerns of private individuals—the proprietor often living on the premises— but to-day the tendency is for centralisation of businesses and we have now at work within the City boundaries several large firms whose main concern is the supply of food. There exist of course still a large number of separately controlled places. Large businesses, however, represent a very great advance in method. They may lack to some extent the homeliness and the fraternising characteristics for which many of the old taverns were renowned but, as an alternative advantage, the supply of food to large numbers is their chief concern and this is accomplished under reasonably satisfactory conditions. Much of the food is prepared at the central headquarters and is daily brought into the City; for instance, portions of bread in the form of rolls, portions of butter prepared as "pats," tea in packets, various cooked foods in bulk, tarts and pastries, portions of cheese, and perishable articles, which are replenished as the supply diminishes, leaving for preparation on the premises only those dishes which require to be prepared immediately prior to consumption, such as poached eggs, boiled eggs, toast, potatoes, and so on. These bigger firms control the quality of the food at headquarters and recognise the advantage of up-to-date methods in their local kitchens. Efficient organisation and satisfaction of customers are necessary if the concerns in which considerable sums of money are invested are to be dividend-producing. It would not be difficult to prove that the food supply of the worker of to-day compares favourably with that of fifteen or twenty years ago. The chief defect, in my opinion, is partly due to the customer not fully appreciating of what a suitable meal should consist. There is, as a rule, ample choice in the City, but I fear the customer does not regularly display a wise discrimination. In these days when restaurants employ literary men of great ability to contribute, not only to displayed advertisements, but to the attractiveness of menus by the weekly chats printed on the back of their food lists, it would be an advantage to use the space occasionally for scientific observations, worked up in journalistic style, which would guide the customer who has not much knowledge of the subject, in a wiser choice for his mid-day repast, whether that be the chief meal of the day or a "carry-on" affair until he or she arrives home in the evening. This represents the position as affecting a large number of workers but concurrently with the increase of this type of accommodation there has been a decrease in what might be termed higher-class restaurants—" higher-class " here means higher-priced. I am not sure whether this is not an index of the changed set of circumstances, for one recognises that the heavy meal of former days is being replaced—and I am now referring to the successful men in the higher administrative ranks—by a lighter meal occupying not a quarter of the time of the former mid-day feast. One need hardly refer of course to the diminished consumption of alcoholic beverages which now occurs at mid-day, and which is an important factor in the financial success of such restaurants. The business of the caterer cannot of course be regarded as in any sense philanthropic, and if the demand ceases, so will the supply. This fact may perhaps account for the reduction in the number of the more expensive and luxurious City restaurants. The whole tendency of City life is more concentrated work for fewer hours, a position which in my opinion is sound policy, both in respect of the maintenance of better mental processes and of good health. The increase in the newer type of cheap restaurant has certainly benefited a large numbc r of people since the haphazard meal of the "penny bun and drink at the fountain" is now never heard of, or only rarely. HOUSING MATTERS. City Residents.—The covering of site areas has rendered the City quite unsuitable as a general place of residence. City residents now comprise persons whose occupations necessitate their living within the area, e.g., caretakers, and service men—such as the police. There are a few resident shopkeepers, a few clergymen, a number of elderly people who are so attracted by the City in which they have passed their lives that they will not leave until compelled to do so, and a balance made up of casuals, to whom, for one reason or another, the City seems to present irresistible attraction 9 Parents of families find the bringing-up of children a matter attended with very considerable difficulty, and which causes in many instances grave concern. Traffic renders streets unsuitable for playgrounds until after seven in the evening, but school must be attended. Infants in arms lack sunshine unless parents can reach the few open spaces which the Corporation has ensured shall be retained as airing grounds. Residence at the top of three or four stories involves an expenditure of physical labour which is unknown to those more favourably placed. The amenities of residences are restricted and housewives have indeed to be exceedingly patient. Under the best conditions these difficulties exist in greater or less degree ; in the worst conditions the circumstances are deplorable. The Corporation is aware that many of the buildings which in early Victorian days were regarded as handsome and adequate structures are to-day sub-let into rooms and are often located in dark corners, dominated within a few feet by larger and higher buildings. There are few natures which can exist under such depressing circumstances and still maintain either a full measure of health or a satisfactory outlook on life. The woodwork of these buildings is decaying and the fabric is beyond satisfactory or economic repair. During the last five years it is a source of satisfaction to be able to report that such progress has been made that one may reasonably expect, before the lapse of another five years, these blots on the City will be materially reduced, even if the Corporation has not entirely succeeded in making them non-existent. Two areas, Hutchison Street and Vine Street, have been purchased and expensive temporisations are being effected, but greater hope rests on the fact that an area of land has been purchased at Shepherdess Walk, which is outside the City area, on which to erect suitable buildings, and further, that a portion of the Hutchison Street area has been dedicated as land on which also similar dwellings shall be provided. Plans have been prepared and accepted in respect of both sites, and building operations will soon commence, at any rate in Shepherdess Walk. What will then happen? The residents in the oldest and most unfit houses in the City will be given the opportunity of removing to available premises in Shepherdess Walk and their vacated premises will not be allowed to be re-occupied. Accommodation on this site will also be devoted to housing those persons who will require to be dehoused on the Hutchison Street site to enable the construction of new houses to proceed on the site of those which will be demolished on the removal of these tenants, and also to house the remaining few persons left in the Vine Street area. At the present moment it is not possible to take any decisive steps since the removal of a family even from an insanitary house simply means the overcrowding of an existing house and it is not until the new provision at Shepherdess Walk and later in the Hutchison Street area, is available that progress can be made. There will be 104 tenements available at Shepherdess Walk comprising a total of 342 rooms. No purchase price can yet be stated and it may be that this item may require to go to arbitration. The Court of Common Council* have, however, approved the expenditure of £95,000 on the erection of the above provision and the 104 flats will comprise six five-roomed flats, forty four-roomed flats, thirty-six three-roomed flats and twenty-two two-roomed flats, each flat possessing the usual offices, scullery, bathroom and W.C. The number of tenements which will be provided at Hutchison Street is undetermined but draft plans have been approved by the Ministry, in which it is hoped that 250 persons will be housed. This represents an important first stage in the direction of improving the housing of the remaining City residents. The above proposals affect, of course, the poorer type of City resident and I have mentioned the disadvantages under which the caretaker type of resident exists. The smaller shopkeeper is likewise severely handicapped. The value of the small place which he occupies is so great that accommodation resolves itself into the irreducible minimum and the business often encroaches on the domestic accommodation. One finds that passages and even livingrooms are turned into store-rooms, all to the disadvantage of the family. These encroachments, added to the unsuitability of position which is usually a feature of a shop, increase the domestic cares of the small shopkeeper. The conditions above recited indicate that the poorer residents referred to cannot be provided for by private enterprise and the responsibility devolves upon the Corporation. The provision cannot be established as a commercial undertaking and the Corporation recognises that a loss will be incurred at the rents which can reasonably be charged to these occupants. I do not suppose the Corporation regards this as a hardship or makes a virtue of it, but accepts it simply as a public duty. Businesses which are successful and which require a number of persons to reside in the City area to maintain and continue that success, must be prepared to contribute to the City rates to a fair and reasonable extent. * Tenders for the erection of these dwellings have been obtained and are now (Mar. 30/26) under consideration by the Court of Common Council. 10 Progress in Insanitary Areas.—Whilst on the subject of insanitary areas it might not be out of place to report that the acquirement and clearing of a site and re-housing of a population is work which progresses exceedingly slowly, but it is gratifying now to be able to announce that a considerable number of interests involved in the acquirement of the two areas of insanitary property referred to have now been settled. Six only are outstanding at the date of writing (January 12th, 1926), and these will be settled as soon as possible. The speed depends entirely upon the progress which is made in these negotiations, which are not unattended by some difficulties, financial and otherwise. Future progress in respect of the other City homes will, as already stated, depend upon alternative provision and the "safety-valve" at Shepherdess Walk will, I trust, prove the solution of the difficulty. In Vine Street it has been possible by re-arrangement of tenants, consequent upon a few persons having left these houses for other residences, to demolish partially the houses in this area. Future demolitions depend almost entirely upon alternative accommodation being available. The demolition of four houses in this small area has operated to the advantage of the remaining houses to an extent that much of the danger from insanitation has been reduced, with some but not entire removal of the original grounds of urgency. With a similar object in view a few houses have been demolished in the Hutchison Street area and with corresponding advantages. In conclusion, I may state, that a considerable amount of work has been done in connection with these two areas under difficult circumstances and those interested in the subject will know what a handicap the Rent Restriction Act is in the work of clearance of insanitary property. GENERAL SANITATION EXCLUDING THE HYGIENE OF HOMES. Restaurants.—I have already directed attention to the important part that restaurants play in the life of the City worker and visitor and perhaps some observations should be forthcoming on the steps which have been taken to ensure an improved standard. The work has been rendered easier since the number of small unsuitable private places has diminished. It is in these establishments which often represent little more than an inadequate kitchen, often located in the basement with service up unsatisfactory stairs, that the worst defects are observed ; appliances are not usually of the best type, there is too much woodwork, cleanliness is difficult to maintain, and a general cleansing as by lime-washing is only possible at holiday times. Sanitary conveniences are often inadequate and lavatory provision is lacking. Provision for refuse is generally capable of much improvement and putrescible materials, such as dripping or cold meats are not stored in suitable places. The supervision of these places absorbs much of an inspector's time and the removal of contaminating influences, and the insistence of cleanliness, are the chief objects of his visit. These places, however, are rapidly diminishing in number. A requirement has been laid down that every kitchen shall be furnished with suitable W.C. accommodation, duplicated in places where both sexes are employed, and no sanitary convenience is now regarded as satisfactory unless there is attached to it facility for handwashing. Sinks are not allowed to be used for this purpose. Walls and floors are required to be impervious as far as is possible and all wood benches and tables must be moveable. Another defect that exists in these basement-places is the fact that a drain opening is necessary within the kitchen, and sealed gullies have so far furnished the best alternative to the impracticable outside drainage. No difficulty is experienced in bringing up to official standard the kitchens of restaurants above the class referred to, and an increase in tendency is now observed to establish kitchens on floors other than the basement. In general it may be stated that kitchens have improved during the last five years. The chief requirements in my opinion in respect of kitchens are (1) That every kitchen in which food is prepared for sale should be registered, and this should involve compliance with reasonable sanitary essentials, and (2) That there should be some control respecting underground kitchens. Comparisons are never quite satisfactory but it does seem absurd that no place in which bread is baked may exist underground without a minimum standard of efficiency being observed, and that no new underground bakehouse can now be established, whereas places in which flesh meat, pastries, vegetables, and a variety of other products, which suffer dangerous deterioration from exposure to contaminating influences, are prepared, are free from such restrictions. 11 Workshops and Workplaces.—Several defects may be observed in connection with these premises and the first is the doubt which exists as regards what actually is a "workplace." A most important necessity in workshop legislation is a clear definition of "workplace." It is unnecessary to enumerate the different trades in respect of which doubt exists, perhaps the most important, as affecting this Corporation, is that as to whether an office in which people are employed in clerical work only is actually a "workplace," within the meaning of the Factory Acts. A second difficulty is that which has resulted from the increased employment of women. Where a building is occupied by several firms there exist arrangements as to the use of the conveniences among the different tenants, some of whom use these conveniences in common, and a distinct upset arises when one of these firms introduce women employees. It may be that the conveniences available are sufficient in number so long as male employees only are engaged, but the introduction of one or two women means, that either a new convenience must be established, or one of the existing conveniences must be detached for women's use after being properly screened. This results often in shortage and, as all available space has been taken up the question of provision becomes acute. The spirit of sweet reasonableness is becoming more in evidence as an increasing number of firms engage women but the questions of adequate provision, and suitability of location, still present difficulty. In some instances the conveniences have to be arranged in one of the workrooms and the following sketch (Sketch Plan I.) indicates how this is generally accomplished. The roof of the W.C. is made of wired glass, which has the advantage of rendering dust accumulation evident, and enables better oversight to be maintained in respect of the top of the convenience than is practicable with a horizontal roof of an opaque material. sketch plan i. 12 Difficulty arises in respect of existing basement W.C.'s in old buildings. The removal of these W.Cs. can hardly be insisted upon unless gross defects are observed, and it remains for the structure to be improved and also the ventilation. This is done by one of two methods. First, where practicable, ventilation is through the stallboard and if necessary a piece of the shop floor overhead is removed to enable access to the open air to be obtained. Where this cannot be done a ventilation fan, of an exhaust type, has occasionally been permitted. The former method is illustrated by the following plan. (Sketch Plan II.) — Section A.B- sketch plan ii. As regards sanitation in general it is satisfactory to be able to report that overcrowding of workrooms is now of very infrequent occurrence. Underground Workrooms.—A difficulty which I fear will increase in the future if the rentals of offices continue to increase—which renders every superficial foot of floor space of considerable value—is that created by the use to which basements are now being put. Some of these were originally intended as store-rooms for large warehouses and now they are used as offices. In many of the older buildings these underground rooms are so located that the ceiling is on the street level and the lighting is obtained from glazed pavement lights which cover a small area. To convert such a room into an office is certainly undesirable even when a light reflector, fixed at an appropriate angle, is used for lighting purposes, and perhaps two or three inches between the window and the ceiling level are perforated with holes to make 13 provision for ventilation. The part of such a basement nearest the window may possibly be regarded as almost coming within the minimum requirements of a satisfactory office, but to such a contention I should only give grudging approval. When such an office is divided into two by a partition, running parallel with the front wall, the back office is, in my opinion, quite unsuitable, as it possesses neither light nor satisfactory ventilation. A sketch makes the position clear and in the following there will be recognised two offices, A and B, which have been arranged out of one common basement room. The middle partition is glazed half-way down and the office B therefore receives no light except that borrowed from A, and no ventilation, except the air received from the passage, or the used air from A as it passes through B into the passage. (Sketch Plan III.) -Section.- sketch plan III. A nearer approach to satisfactory conditions is shown in sketch IV., in which the basement window is a large one and opens on to a capacious area lined by glazed brick. Ventilation and lighting are improved by this device so far as an office opening on to the area is concerned, but obvious objections would exist to this office being divided into two as in plan III. -Section- sketch plan iv. 14 I drew the attention of the Sanitary Committee to one or two instances of the character of Sketch Plan III., and I attempted the argument that room B presented nuisances from the point of view of defective lighting and ventilation, but I understand legal difficulties stand in the way of upholding this contention. I am strongly of opinion that a time has arrived when a moderate but definite control of the use of basements for continuous occupation should be a feature of workshop legislation. I fear that the longer a definite pronouncement in respect of the use of underground workrooms is delayed, the more difficult will it be, not only to obtain the passing of such legislation, but subsequently to effect reforms, because, as is always the position in such reforms, some degree of tolerance is extended to those who have acquired a right to the existence of the defects. MATTERS CONNECTED WITH FOOD SUPPLY. Meat and Food Hygiene.—In respect of meat hygiene the Corporation has reason to be satisfied with the progress that has been made during the last few years in the advancement of this important subject. In 1916 at the instance of the Medical Officer of Health the Sanitary Committee approved the following programme of nine points and it may, perhaps, be permissible in the circumstances to set out in parallel columns the present position of affairs:— Col. 1. Suggested Requirement. 1. With a view to ensuring uniformity of action, routine meat inspection should be made a compulsory duty of all urban sanitary authorities. 2. With a view to safeguarding more adequately the supply in urban districts, there should be compulsory inspection of those slaughterhouses in rural districts at which carcases are dressed for sale in outside areas. 3. Inspectors engaged on meat inspection work should be required to possess proof of knowledge of the subject. 4. Regulations should be framed dealing not only with the details of inspection of carcases, but with the sanitary requirements of slaughterhouses, facilities for inspection, and, perhaps, the requirements of ante-mortem examinations. (A reasoned argument, setting out the basis of suggested new standards to replace the then existing ones, was set out at some length. See Meat Inspection Problems, Milroy Lectures.) 5. A system of meat marking under the direct control of the Local Government Board should be instituted and as a commencement its adoption should be voluntary ; but permission to adopt should be within the power of the Board to grant or to refuse. col. 2. Action Since Taken. 1. Routine meat inspection is now compulsory in Scotland and a memorandum of the Ministry of Health, in this country, strongly advises that, so far as practicable, all meat should be inspected. To ensure the practicability of such a scheme all persons slaughtering animals are required to notify the fact of slaughter and in cases of emergency, or urgency slaughter, a definite procedure is also laid down. 2. By prescribed definite regulations the slaughterhouses in all rural districts now require to be registered. 3. This is a definite requirement in Scotland, and in England the employment of veterinary surgeons, as well as skilled meat inspectors, has received official reference. 4. Details of routine inspection have now been framed. These are of a compulsory character in Scotland and of a suggested standard in England. The regulations replace the former suggestions submitted by the Royal Commission of 1898. 5. Meat marking is now recognised in this country under the new meat regulations and closely follows the lines of the system which had been considered by the Sanitary Committee. 15 Col. 1. Suggested Requirements. 6. In districts where a system of meat marking is in operation, the Local Authority should have power to require that all meat used in prepared food products should be inspected and approved before being used. 7. In view of the impossibility of satisfactorily examining in this country imported boned meat, and meat in the canned form, some of the responsibility which now devolves upon home inspectors should be accepted by the Government, who should appoint inspectors to visit the chief places abroad where the work of boning, canning, and exporting meat generally is carried out. In this way attention could be given to the observance of hygienic requirements, and to the quality and character of the meat used. 8. Regulations should be framed to control cold stores in which food products of any kind are stored. 9. Regulations should be framed to ensure that meat is handled in a cleanly manner. Col. 2 Action Since Taken. 6. No regulations in respect of this matter exist but the Sanitary Committee has suggested that under the regulations which are intended to secure freedom of meat from contamination, "prepared meats " should be included. 7. Home inspectors have not yet been appointed to supervise work abroad, although, occasionally I believe, inspectors of the Ministry of Health do make such journeys of inspection. 8. Cold stores require to be registered in Scotland but not in this country. The Sanitary Committee has again expressed its approval of the principle. 9. Regulations have been framed to ensure that meat is handled in a cleanly manner. The Sanitary Committee has been persistent in its efforts to secure this reform. Slaughtering in the City.—The Medical Officer of Health has, on different occasions, directed attention to the unsatisfactory arrangements for slaughtering in the City, both from the point of view of the premises, and their location. The Corporation has accepted the recommendation of the Sanitary Committee that compulsory powers should be obtained to prohibit further slaughtering within the City area, and necessary action will be taken by a Bill in Parliament* in the present year. Humane Slaughtering of Animals has received the consideration of both the Sanitary Committee and the Cattle Markets Committee and a report on the subject has been presented by the officers concerned. These Committees, supported afterwards by the Corporation, expressed an opinion in favour of humane slaughter but considered that in order to secure uniformity of action appropriate central regulations should be framed. Poultry.—The question of byelaws to control the slaughtering of poultry has been considered and these byelaws are now operative in the City. Avoidance of Contamination of Meat.—In connection with this subject an inspector has been appointed whose duties are the supervision of this important aspect of food control, and it is satisfactory to announce that beneficial results have already to be recorded. It is not easy to effect a revolutionary change in a matter in respect of which a kind of vested right in negligence has been acquired through previous lack of definite responsibility. Much educational work will require to be undertaken before all the carriers' carts and other means of transport can be reported as satisfactory, and before porters and others handling meat can be regarded as having a complete sense of responsibility in this connection. Preservatives.—In addition to the subject of meat, the Sanitary Committee has devoted considerable time to the subject of preservatives in food and the standardisation of food products. Previous to the Departmental Committee, which was set up to consider the subject of preservatives in food, group examinations of food products had been arranged, with the object of showing how far the products of a particular group made by different manufacturers were free from preservatives. It is not necessary to recapitulate the number of foods which were so inspected, but the general principle was invariably laid down that in the matter of * This Bill has been promoted and has (Mar. 30/26) passed the third reading in the House of Commons. c 2 16 the addition of preservatives, either the use of preservatives should be prohibited or, if they were to be allowed, the amount to be used and the food in which such preservative could be used should be prescribed by regulation. Definite regulations have been framed and will soon be operative. The standardisation of food products is still far from complete but in the matter of dried and condensed milks, subjects which have formed the basis of recommendations, definite official regulations are now in force. OTHER MATTERS OF INTEREST. Venereal Diseases.—The work at the Centre for the treatment of venereal diseases has continued in the past but a reference to the number of attendances, set out on page 32. will show that the use which is made of this institution, as judged by these criteria, is not so great as in the past. The time has now arrived to consider whether a cheaper and equally efficient way of meeting this requirement cannot be devised, in substitution for that which now exists. The Sanitary Committee and the Authorities of St. Bartholomew's Hospital are now jointly considering the position. Tuberculosis Dispensary.—Ho extension of this work has been undertaken but a closer co-operation has been developed between the City Dispensary and the Out-patients' Department of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. The resources of St. Bartholomew's Hospital were always available for patients under treatment at the Tuberculosis Dispensary, but to-day the Hospital authorities use the centre much more freely as an actual working department of the Hospital. This is all to the good and is a considerable factor in the development of the relationship between preventive and curative medicine. In relation to the preventive work against tuberculosis, I have to refer to the excellent report by Dr. Young, City Tuberculosis Officer, on the value and conduct of Workshops for Tuberculous Patients which is given on page 29 of this report. Vital Statistics.—The vital statistics for the City are unreliable ; this results from the fewness of the totals which have to be compared ; the peculiar age constitution of the residents ; and the fact that in respect of certain persons who die outside the City area, and whose place of residence is not accurately known, the indefinite term " London " is occasionally used and in certain instances such deaths are allocated to the City. In addition, there is a large re-arrangements of persons dying in the City and non-resident therein, as will be gathered from the fact that in 1924 the deaths of 656 persons were so transferred from the City area to outside districts. Further, 88 persons died outside the City but were stated to have been usually resident therein, and were allotted to the City. These totals compare with a comparatively small net number of deaths, 117. Errors must occasionally arise. The infant mortality rate also shows considerable variation, a fact which is also observed when totals are small. The chief indication of unreliability, however, is seen in the birth rate which in the five years under review has varied between 15 and 7 per 1,000. A reasonable test of salubrity may be gathered from the consideration of the notifications of Enteric Fever and Puerperal Fever. Of the former disease only five have been reported in five years, and of the latter only one, and that was a doubtful case. The table of death distribution among the age groups shows that the deaths of persons over 65 years of age comprise from two-fifths to over one-half of the entire total. The only reasonable deduction from the consideration of the vital statistics is that the recorded rates in the City, whilst obviously irregular and probably in excess of the real rates, do not indicate that insanitary conditions are affecting the resident population to an extent in excess of that observed over the average of London. Infectious Diseases.—In connection with the subject of infectious diseases I should like to take the opportunity at this point of expressing my appreciation of the highly efficient service which is maintained by the Metropolitan Asylums Board in respect of the removal and treatment of cases of infectious disease. The general public is, I rather believe, not sufficiently acquainted either with the responsibilities which devolve upon the Board or of the part the organisation plays in the preventive work of London's local authorities. PROGRAMME FOR THE FUTURE. Unless new legislation imposes additional powers and responsibilities on Local Authorities in the realm of preventive medicine, I do not contemplate any new developments but attention will require to be given to the following matters which here are simply recapitulations of what has already been suggested :— (1) The unsatisfactory residences in the City will require to be closed and the occupants if possible transferred to more suitable tenements under Corporation control. For this purpose 17 Shepherdess Walk will be used as well as a part of the Hutchison Street area. The satisfactory realisation of this object will necessitate the expenditure of considerable time by your officers. (2) It is to be hoped that annual improvement will be recorded in connection with the sale, transport and handling of meat, and meat products. (3) The registration of places where food is prepared is an urgent requirement, and in addition "prepared meat" should be amongst the products in respect of which effective regulations preventing contamination are operative. (4) The problem of underground workrooms should receive consideration and reasonable regulations prepared or if necessary new legislation passed which will prevent any extension of the present use of places which do not comply with certain definite requirements. These requirements should be of a reasonable character. It is my experience that when moderate regulations are desired to remove an objectionable state of affairs, such regulations can usually be obtained—extreme measures often defeat the aims of the proposers. (5) In dealing with underground workrooms the question of permitting underground kitchens which do not comply with a minimum standard of efficiency should also be considered. (6) In respect of workshop legislation it would be a considerable advantage if a definite pronouncement were made that offices could be regarded as " workplaces." (7) The slaughterhouses in Aldgate should be closed as places in which cattle are slaughtered if powers are obtained for compulsory closure. This requirement will probably be met. STATISTICAL INFORMATION. Area.—The City of London (excluding The Temple) comprises an area of 661 acres (excluding tidal water and foreshore), or 1.032 square miles, equal to a square of 1.016 miles to a side. The area of " Registration London " is 74,817 acres (excluding tidal water and foreshore), or 116.9 square miles, equal to a square of 10.81 miles to a side. Density (1925).—City of London, Registration District, at night, 20.2 persons to an acre; City of London, Registration District, during the day, *644.1 persons to an acre; Registration London, at night, 61.5 persons to an acre. Annual Rateable Value.—The rateable value of property within the administrative county of London (including the City) was £50,403,331 on 6th April, 1925; whilst on the same date the corresponding rateable value of property in the City of London was £6,706,509 or about one-eighth of the whole County. The sum receivable from a penny rate is £27,488. Population.—The undermentioned figures are extracted from the Preliminary Report of the Registrar-General on the Census of England and Wales, 1921 :— Area, Inhabited Houses. Population. Statute Acres. 1911. 1921. 1911. 1921. City of London (Not including the Temple) 661 2,784 2,398 19,657 13,709 These figures represent the population on the nights of the 3rd April, 1911, and the 19th June, 1921. The following table shows the progressive decline which has taken place since 1861 in the number of inhabitants who reside within the City boundaries, and the progressive increase in the number of workers who are daily employed in the City :— Year. Imperial Census. City Census. Night Population. Day Population 1861 112,063 — 1866 — 170,133 1871 75,983 1881 51,405 261,061 1891 37,705 301,384 1901 26,923 — 1911 19,657 364,061 1921 13,706 436,721 (Imperial Census). There is only one registration district in the City. The estimated population of the City for the year 1925 is 13,340. The day Census taken in 1911 showed that the day population was 364,061 persons, and also that 1,077,155 persons and 94,095 vehicles entered and left the City on the day the count was taken. * This figure refers only to persons '* actively engaged in the City during the daytime," and is based upon the Imperial Census taken in June, 1921. 18 Births.—During the year 1925, 327 births were registered in the City, 260 of which, however, did not belong thereto. To the remaining 67 must be added the births of 33 children born to citizens temporarily residing outside the City boundary. The number of births, therefore, on which the rate should be calculated is 100. The annual birth-rate was 7.5 per 1,000 persons of all ages, compared with a quinquennial mean rate of 12.1 per 1,000. In the Metropolis the birth-rate in 1925 was 18.0 per 1,000. Mortality.—During the year under review, 705 deaths were registered in the District, including 633 persons dying in the City, but not belonging thereto. See table, p. 19, for details. Deducting these latter, 72 deaths remain, to which must be added those of 84 persons who died in institutions in outside districts, where they were registered; the total, therefore, on which the City death-rate is calculated is 156. The death rate for 1925 was 11.7 per 1,000 per annum of the population (the previous year being 11.3), whilst that for the whole of the Metropolis was 11.7. Deaths from Violence.—Of the City deaths, 4.4 per cent, were caused by injuries or violence, as compared with 5.8 in 1923 and 5.3 in 1924. This is 1.2 below the average for the previous five years. PERCENTAGE OF REGISTERED DEATHS FROM VIOLENCE. Year. City of London. Per cent. Metropolis. Per cent. 1920 7.8 4.7 1921 5.7 4.2 1922 3.2 3.3 1923 5.8 4.5 1924 5.3 4.4 Average previous five years 5.6 4.2 1925 4.4 4.6 DEATH RATES, PER 1,000 PER ANNUM. Year City of London. 105 Great Towns of England and Wales. Metropolis. 1920 15.6 12.5 12.6 1921 11.5 12.3 12.4 1922 14.1 13.0 13.4 1923 11.5 11.6 11.2 1924 11.3 12.3 12.1 Average previous five years 12.8 12.3 12.3 1925 11.7 12.2 11.7 The death rate from zymotic disease per 1,000 of the population was 0.52 compared with 0.41 in the Metropolis. The deaths from Phthisis correspond to a rate of 0.67 per 1,000 of the population, as compared with 0.91 in the Metropolis. Infantile Mortality.—The deaths of children under one year of age were at the rate of 60 per 1,000 births, as against 67 for the whole of London. 19 CAUSES OF, AND AGES AT, DEATH DURING THE YEAR 1925. Causes of Death. Nett Deaths at the subjoined ages of "Residents" whether occurring within or without the district. Total Deaths whether of "Residents" or "Nonresidents" * in Institutions in the District. All ages. Under 1 year 1 and under 2 years. 2 and under 5 years. 5 and under 15 years. 15 and under 25 years. 25 and under 45 years. 45 and under 65 years. 55 and upwards 1 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9 10. 11. All causes Certified 156 6 5 4 .... 8 11 51 71 628 Uncertified 1. Enteric Fever .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 2. Small-pox .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3. Measles 1 .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 4. Scarlet Fever .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5. Whooping Cough 3 .... 1 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6. Diphtheria and Croup 1 .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 7. Influenza 2 .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... 2 8. Erysipelas .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 9. Phthisis (Pulmonary Tuberculosis) 8 .... .... .... .... 1 2 5 .... 21 10. Tuberculous Meningitis 1 .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 9 11. Other Tuberculous Diseases 1 .... .... .... .... 1 .... .... .... 8 12. Cancer, malignant disease 12 .... .... .... .... 1 1 4 6 90 13. Rheumatic Fever 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... 3 14. Meningitis .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 9 15. Organic Heart Disease 38 .... .... .... .... .... 1 8 29 46 16. Bronchitis 15 1 .... .... .... .... .... 5 9 15 17. Pneumonia (all forms) 14 1 1 .... .... .... .... 4 8 52 18. Other diseases of respiratory organs 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 .... 11 19. Diarrhœa and Enteritis 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 9 20. Appendicitis and Typhlitis 1 .... .... .... .... 1 .... .... .... 8 21. Cirrhosis of Liver .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 8 21a. Alcoholism .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 22. Nephritis and Bright's Disease 6 .... .... .... .... .... .... 4 2 26 23. Puerperal Fever .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 24. Other accidents and diseases of Pregnancy and Parturition .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 25. Congenital Debility and Malformation, including Premature Birth 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 19 26. Violent Deaths, excluding Suicide 6 .... 1 1 .... .... 1 2 1 66 27. Suicide 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... 4 28. Other Defined Diseases 38 .... .... .... .... 4 5 13 16 208 29. Diseases ill-defined or unknown .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 7 Totals 156 6 5 4 .... 8 11 51 71 628 20 Notification of Births Act, 1907.—364 notifications of birth, made in accordance with the Notification of Births Act, were received. Of these only 76 belonged to the City, and the balance were transferred to the appropriate Authorities. Infant Welfare Work.—Miss Wilkinson, who undertakes the work in connection with the Notification of Births Act and Infant Welfare, reports having made 263 visits in connection with birth notification and 48 special visits in connection with infant welfare. Three visits have also been made in respect of cases coming within the scope of the Children Act, 1908; mainly in relation to nurse children. At the centre above referred to, a total of 584 attendances was made bv mothers. VITAL STATISTICS OF WHOLE DISTRICT DURING 1925 AND PREVIOUS YEARS. Name of District: CITY OF LONDON. Year Population estimated to Middle of each Year. Births. Total Deaths Registered in the District. Transferable Deaths Nett Deaths belonging to the District. Uncorrected number. Nett. of Nonresidents registered in the District. of Residents not registered in the District. Under 1 Year of Age. At all Ages. Number. Rate. Number. Rate. Number. Rate per 1,000 nett Births. Number. Rate. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 1920 12,200 470 182 14.9 842 69.01 728 77 12 66 191 15.6 1921 13,706 336 129 9.4 785 57.27 705 78 12 93 158 11.5 1922 13,363 360 148 11.1 809 60.54 719 98 9 61 188 14.1 1923 13,480 381 111 8.2 714 52.96 641 82 9 81 155 11.5 1924 13,330 413 94 7.1 719 53.93 656 88 11 117 151 11.3 1925 13,340 360 100 7.5 705 52.92 633 84 6 60 156 11.7 Area of City of London in acres (land and inland water) 661 Total population at all ages 13,706 Number of inhabited houses 2,922 Average number of persons per house 4.6 At Census 1921. Vaccination.—Of the 330 births notified to the Vaccination Officer during 1925, 89 had been successfully vaccinated by the end of the year, 14 had died before the age for vaccination. Vaccination was postponed by medical certificate in six cases, 143 had removed into other districts, or the vaccinations were pending at the end of the year. There were 78 instances of conscientious objection. The Public Vaccinator performed 112 re-vaccinations during the year, and in addition to the 89 successful vaccinations referred to above, 28 adult persons were vaccinated for the first time. VACCINATION STATISTICS IN THE CITY OF LONDON. Year. Number of Births notified to Vaccination Officer. Successfully Vaccinated. Insusceptible. Had Small-pox. Died before Vaccination. Vaccination postponed. Cases pending or removed at the end of the year Conscientious objections per cent. per cent. per cent. per cent. per cent. per cent. per cent. 1920 471 31.4 Nil. Nil. 4.6 1.2 42.2 20.3 1921 341 19.6 „ „ 9.4 0.6 49.9 20.5 1922 365 27.9 „ „ 5.3 0.3 48.7 17.8 1923 387 26.4 „ „ 4.4 1.1 55.5 12.6 1924 418 27.3 0.2 „ 3.3 0.5 50.3 18.4 Average previous 5 years. 396 26.5 0.04 „ 5.4 0.7 49.3 16.9 1925 330 26.9 - „ 4.3 1.8 43.4 23.6 21 INFECTIOUS DISEASES. Few comments are necessary with reference to the incidence of infectious disease during the year 1925. Diphtheria was prevalent to the extent of 16 cases compared with 8 in 1924. The number of Scarlet Fever cases was 24 compared with 12 in 1924. There were 7 cases of Erysipelas. Measles and Rubella are not notifiable diseases and only a few cases of illness of this type were brought to my notice through the medium of the school medical service. Thirty-nine cases of Chicken-pox were notified and one of Ophthalmia Neonatorum. The percentage of cases removed to hospital for treatment continues satisfactory. In each instance of notified disease a detailed examination is made of the sanitary conditions of the premises where the case occurred and a summary of defects found by the District Inspector is given on page 75. Notification of Infectious Diseases.—In the following tables will be found particulars of certificates relating to cases of infectious disease, and information as to the removal of patients to hospitals, infirmaries, etc. Examination for Pathogenic Bacteria.—During the year the following specimens were so dealt with. It will be seen that positive results were obtained in 16.6 per cent. of these cases. Result. Specimen. Disease suspected. Positive. Negative. 17 Swabbings from throats Diphtheria — 17 29 Sputum Tuberculosis 8 21 2 Blood Enteric Fever — 2 Of the 17 swabbings from throats, 3 were received from the Central Foundation School for Girls, Spital Square, E.C. Distribution of Diphtheria Anti-Toxin, Etc.—No application for a supply of Diphtheria Anti-toxin or Anti-Influenza Vaccine was received during 1925. TRAFFIC IN SECOND-HAND CLOTHING. The possibility of the spread of infectious disease, etc., through the medium of secondhand clothing, has been under consideration by the Metropolitan Boroughs Standing Join Committee during the year, and the Corporation was asked for an expression of opinion as to the desirability of the institution of legislation dealing with the subject. In some areas, doubtless, the problem assumes a greater importance than it does in the City, where the retail trade in second-hand garments is not now of much magnitude. Some twenty years ago the trade was considerable, but it is now restricted to some half dozen establishments. The most important place now remaining is the enclosure known as Phil's Building Clothes Market, Houndsditch, a private market where hawkers, costermongers, and others gather and conduct a more or less brisk market in discarded clothing. Among the regular buyers at this market are merchants who ship their purchases to, among other places, South Africa, and all these garments have to be disinfected before they are admitted to that country. In this connection it is interesting to note that during the present year 453,645 articles of clothing have been disinfected, preparatory to export to South Africa. No complaint of vermin or suspicion of the communication of infectious disease in connection with the buying or selling of second-hand clothing within the City, has come to my knowledge. In other areas, however, the danger is, doubtless, a real one and I consider that the enactment and enforcement of measures to prevent the sale and distribution of verminous and disease-infected second-hand bedding and wearing apparel would be in the interests of public health. It is satisfactory to note that a clause with the object in view is incorporated in the London County Council (General Powers) Bill which is before Parliament at the time of writing this report. 22 STATISTICS OF NOTIFICATIONS AND REMOVALS TO HOSPITAL. NAME OF DISEASE. Number of Certificates received. Treated at Home. Removed to the Metropolitan Asylums Board Hospitals. Removed to the London Fever Hospital. Treated at other Hospitals and Infirmaries. Duplicate Certificates received. Diagnosis subsequently found to be incorrect. Net number of Cases. Small-pox .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Diphtheria 19 .... 15 .... l .... 3 16 Scarlet Fever 26 .... 21 2 l 2 .... 24 Enteric Fever (including Para-typhoid) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Puerperal Fever 1 ..... .... .... l .... .... 1 Erysipelas 7 5 .... .... 2 .... .... 7 Cerebro-spinal Meningitis .... ..... .... .... .... .... .... .... Acute Polio-myelitis .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Ophthalmia Neonatorum *1 1 .... .... .... .... .... 1 Measles .... .... .... .... ..... .... .... .... Rubella .... .... .... .... .... .... .... ..... Malaria contracted abroad .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Acute Primary Pneumonia 8 4 ..... .... 4 .... .... 8 Acute Influenzal Pneumonia 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... 2 Encephalitis Lethargica 1 ..... .... .... 1 .... .... 1 Totals 65 12 36 2 10 2 3 60 Chicken-pox 39 39 .... .... .... .... .... 39 Totals 104 51 36 2 10 2 3 99 The following is a return of infectious diseases which have occurred in the City of London, exclusive of Tuberculosis, Measles, Rubella, Malaria, Pneumonia, Ophthalmia Neonatorum and Chicken-Pox, with the percentages of such cases removed to hospitals for treatment or nursed at home during 1925 compared with the figures for the previous five years:- Year. Number of cases reported. Per cent. of cases reported. Removed to Hospital. Treated at home 1920 74 91.9 8.1 1921 131 95.4 4.6 1922 77 94.8 5.2 1923 64 95.3 4.7 1924 22 95.5 4.5 Average for the five years 76 94.6 5.4 1925 49 89.8 10.2 If erysipelas is excluded 100% of the cases occurring within the City are removed to hospitals in preference to treatment at their homes. * Patient recovered and suffered no impairment of vision. 23 CASES OF INFECTIOUS DISEASE AND TUBERCULOSIS NOTIFIED DURING THE YEAR 1925 NUMBER OF CASES NOTIFIED. DISEASES. At Ages—Years. At all ages. Under 1 year. 1 year and under 2 years. 2 years and under 3 years. 3 years and under 4 years. 4 years and under 5 years. 5 years and under 10 years. 10 years and under 15 years. 15 years and under 20 years. 20 years and under 35 years. 35 years and under 45 years 45 years and under 65 years. 65 years and over. No. of Cases Removed to Hospital. † Small-pox .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Cholera .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... ..... Plague .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Diphtheria 16 .... 1 2 3 l 4 .... .... 3 2 .... ..... 16 Erysipelas 7 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 2 2 Scarlet Fever 24 .... 1 .... l 2 11 3 .... 5 1 .... .... 24 Typhus ,, .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Enteric „ (including Para-typhoid) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Relapsing ,, .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Continued ,, .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Puerperal ,, 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... .... 1 Polio-myelitis .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Cerebro-spinal Meningitis .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Pulmonary Tuberculosis ‡29 .... .... .... .... .... 2 .... 3 8 5 11 .... 19 Other forms of Tuberculosis 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... 1 Ophthalmia Neonatorum *1 *1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Measles .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Rubella .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Malaria (contracted abroad) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Acute Primary Pneumonia 8 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... 6 1 4 Acute Influenzal Pneumonia 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... .... 1 .... Encephalitis Lethargica 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... 1 Totals 90 l 2 2 4 3 17 4 3 18 9 23 4 78 *Patient recovered and suffered no impairment of vision. † Metropolitan Asylums Board Hospitals, London Fever Hospital, City of London Infirmary, St. Bartholomew's Hospital, City Police Hospital, Sanatoria, &c. † In one of these cases statutory notification was not received and it is not included in the Table of Notifications received under the Regulations on p. 28. Appropriate action was taken. D2 24 SMALL-POX. In two instances only this year your officers have been associated with investigations into cases of Small Pox, the details of which are as follows:— A man, living in an adjoining area, but working in the City, left his place of business on Thursday, 16th April, feeling indisposed. A papular rash made its appearance on 20th April. It was suggested by the Medical Officer of Health of the area in which the patient resided that he was infected as a consequence of handling foreign rags. On enquiry it was found that the patient had examined rags, either in bulk or in sample, on April 6th at a place in the Tilbury Docks. This circumstance was reported to Dr. Willoughby, the Port Medical Officer. The usual precautions were taken with regard to the contacts, and disinfection of the premises and such samples of rags as remained in the office was effected. The other cases in which the City was directly concerned was also that of a City worker residing in an adjoining area. The patient, a woman, was employed as a paper folder. The rash appeared on the 25th April, but the patient continued at work until the 29th April, and during that interval was closely in contact with a large number of fellow workers. The case was not diagnosed as Small-pox until 4th May. I received information as to the association with City worker® on 5th May. There were in all 322 persons employed by the patient's employers and engaged in the same building in which she worked. Efforts were made to secure re-vaccination of all those not already protected. Some refused to avail themselves of the facilities, but 118 were re-vaccinated. Fifty-four of the remainder had been re-vaccinated during the past seven years. TEMPORARY ISOLATION ACCOMMODATION. 29, MIDDLESEX STREET. In 1918, the Corporation made provision for suitable accommodation for the isolation and observation of Small-pox contacts at premises situated at 6, Bridgewater Square. These premises were this year demolished and alternative accommodation has been provided at 29, Middlesex Street, E.C. It was not found necessary to use the provision during the year. NURSING PROVISION. Measles, etc.—The Corporation has approved of the expenditure of £25 per annum in respect of the nursing of complicated cases of Measles, Encephalitis Lethargica and Cerebrospinal Fever, and have alsoagreed to expend the sum of £30 on provision of medical assistance and nursing attendance in necessitous cases of Influenza. No action was necessary under this heading during 1925. POLIO-MYELITIS. Some effort, this year, has been made to improve the method of dealing with cases of Polio-myelitis in children. The Ministry of Health, in a memorandum addressed to local authorities, directed attention to the fact that lack of facilities existed in London for dealing adequately with the after-effects of Poliomyelitis in children, and to the permanent crippling and physical deformity caused by this disease. This after-effect is apt to be unnecessarily severe in consequence of the lack of skilled and prolonged treatment, particularly during the later stages of the illness. Attention was also drawn to the necessity for prolonged orthopoedic treatment in a residential institution in those cases where paralysis occurs. The disease is not a common one in London, and may easily be overlooked by a practitioner. The London County Council have, accordingly, arranged for the services of one of its expert officers to be available in a consultative capacity and to generally assist in diagnosis, etc. In view of the fact that cases are not frequent in the City, the Corporation sent to all practitioners within the City boundary, a copy of the circular letter above referred to, together with a copy of a note on the early diagnosis of the disease, issued by the Ministry of Health, at the same time as the circular in question. Attention was also particularly directed to the desirability of the notification of Poliomyelitis in the early stages. 25 TUBERCULOSIS. Tuberculosis Dispensary.—The Tuberculosis Dispensary has been open throughout the year for the diagnosis and treatment of tuberculosis of various types on Tuesdays and Fridays from 12-30 to 2.30; on Mondays from 5.0 to 8.0; on Thursdays from 6.0 to 8.0; and on Wednesdays, 11.30 to 1.0. In all, 255 sessions have been held, and in addition the Tuberculosis Officer has visited cases at their homes when necessary. New Patients.—The number of new patients examined was 374 as compared with 382 last vear. A.—PATIENTS RESIDENT IN THE CITY. Number of Under observation at the Dispensary on Jan. 1st, pending diagnosis. Examined for the first time during the year. Total. Found to be Under observation at the Dispensary on Dec. 31st, pending diagnosis. Ceased attendance before completion of diagnosis.[/### Suffering from Tuberculosis. Not suffering from Tuberculosis. Pulmonary. NonPulmonary. (a) All persons (including contacts) Adults M l 24 25 15 1 8 l .... F 3 17 20 5 l 14 .... .... Children under 15 M 3 6 9 2 .... 7 .... .... F .... 12 12 .... l 10 l .... Total .... 7 59 66 22 3 39 2 .... (b) "Contacts" (included in (a)) Adults M 1 5 6 .... .... 6 .... .... F 1 11 12 .... .... 12 .... .... Children under 15 M .... 5 5 .... .... 5 .... .... F .... 9 9 .... 1 8 .... .... (c) Insured persons (included in (a)) M 1 14 15 9 .... 6 .... .... F 1 5 6 3 .... 3 .... .... B.—PATIENTS RESIDENT OUTSIDE THE CITY OF LONDON. Number of Under observation at the Dispensary on Jan. 1st pending diagnosis. Examined for the first time during the year. Total. Found to be | Under observation at the Dispensary on Dec. 31st, pending diagnosis. Ceased attendance before completion of diagnosis. Suffering from Tuberculosis. Not suffering from Tuberculosis. Pulmonary. NonPulmonary. (a) All persons (no contacts) Adults M 2 129 131 83 9 24 3 12 F 6 139 145 82 8 43 5 7 Children under 15 M .... 21 21 4 7 9 .... 1 F 4 24 28 5 6 14 2 1 Total .... 12 313 325 174 30 90 10 21 (b) "Contacts" Adults M Contacts from the homes of non-resident patients are not examined at the City Dispensary. F Children under 15 M F (c) Insured persons (included in a)) M 2 67 69 41 5 14 2 7 F 2 49 51 25 3 17 3 3 Patients Referred to The Hospital.—The following is the summary of patients referred to the various departments of St. Bartholomew's Hospital for help in diagnosis or treatment Resident. Non-Resident. Total. Referred to X-Ray Department 20 137 157 „ Surgical „ 2 1 3 „ Dental „ 4 2 6 ,, Throat „ 9 14 23 „ † Pathological ,, .... 2 2 „ Other „ 12 4 16 47 160 207 † This does not include examinations of sputum. 26 Patients Admitted to the Hospital for Diagnosis.—The wards of the Hospital are open for the reception of cases presenting difficulties of diagnosis which can only be overcome by observation as In-patients. Seven resident and 28 non-resident patients were admitted for this purpose. Examinations of Sputum.—The following is a summary City Residents. Non-Resident. Total. Positive 8 40 48 Negative 40 176 216 Residential Treatment.—The number of patients for whom residential treatment was arranged was 53. They are summarised as follows:— Admitted to Poor Law Other St. Columbus Hosp. L.C.C. Institutions Institutions. Institutions. Corpn. Expense. Total. Patients resident in the City 12 0 1 2 15 Patients non-resident 34 0 4 ..... 38 46 0 5 2 53 Persons neither resident nor working in the City are usually transferred immediately to their own Tuberculosis Officer and subsequent arrangements are made by him. This system has worked satisfactorily. Persons Treated and Supervised at the Dispensary.—(A) Patients resident in the City. All persons suffering from tuberculosis who are resident in the City may be supervised and treated at the Dispensary. The total number of cases so treated was 83. The number of cases under supervision on December 31st, 1925, was 73 classified as follows:— Arrested 8 Quiescent 28 Active 31 Non-attenders 6 In addition a large number of contacts are kept under observation. (B) Patients non-resident in the City. (a) Who work in the City. On diagnosis these patients are informed that they can be treated and advised at the Dispensary or transferred to the Tuberculosis Officer of their own Borough. The majority decide to remain patients at the Dispensary. (b) Who do not work in the City. On diagnosis these patients are transferred to the Tuberculosis Officer of their own Borough, so none are treated here. Total Attendances— Insured. Non-Insured . Total. Residents 194 371 565 Non-Residents 654 807 1,461 2,026 In view of the fact that cases in the last stages of the disease are extremely infectious, especially in crowded houses, the Corporation have made arrangements to pay for the maintenance of selected City cases at St. Columbia's Hospital, Swiss Cottage. Two such cases were admitted during 1925. The Tuberculosis Nurse.—The work of the Tuberculosis Nurse has been continued on the same lines as former years. 62 homes have been visited and 506 visits made in connection with after care and following up. In addition to the above, patients, some of whom were in an advanced stage of the disease, have been nursed in their own homes. Six of these cases terminated fatally. For nursing purposes 27 visits were paid. General.—The following information is supplied in accordance with the requirements of the Ministry of Health. The paragraph numbers correspond with those in Circular 648, and where a number is omitted the subject matter does not concern City work:— (i.) The Tuberculosis Dispensary is at St. Bartholomew's Hospital; the Tuberculosis Officer is Dr. F. H. Young, O.B.E.; one Tuberculosis Nurse is engaged in the work. Treatment in residential institutions is provided for insured and uninsured persons by the London County Council. (iii.) Patients are referred to the Tuberculosis Dispensary from hospitals, school clinics and other institutions, with all of which there is close co-operation. The services of the Staff and all the resources of St. Bartholomew's Hospital are available for diagnosis and treatment. Many patients are referred to departments of the Hospital for these purposes. (iv.) The Tuberculosis Officer is in constant consultation and communication with general practitioners, so that there is close co-operation between them and the Dispensary. He reminds them when reports are due on insured patients under domiciliary treatment and provides them with copies of the form with names and addresses inserted. 27 (v.) When the diagnosis is in doubt and the patient is under the care of a practitioner arrangements are made with him for re-examination; in other cases arrangements are made with the patient, but should he fail to attend, either the Tuberculosis Nurse calls upon him or he is reminded of the appointment in writing. (vi.) The Tuberculosis Officer explains to the patients the importance of the examination of home contacts, and in addition to the necessary visits of the Sanitary Inspectors, the Tuberculosis Nurse visits the homes of City residents periodically for the same purpose, and arranges for the attendance of the contacts at the Dispensary at times convenient to them. The supervision of these contacts and the re-examination of suspects among them is secured by the home visits periodically made by the Nurse. (vii.) Considerable use is made of X-rays from the point of view of diagnosis and decision as to method of treatment to be recommended. The usual methods of treatment have been continued in the Dispensary. Tuberculin has been used in a few cases. In addition three cases of pulmonary tuberculosis are attending for the continuation of their treatment by artificial pneumo-thorax and inductions of the treatment have been performed in three cases in the wards of the Hospital. (viii.) Experience shows that when the disease is active, residence in an institution more quickly and certainly brings about arrest than when treatment is attempted at home on sanatorium lines, and that the lessons learnt in the sanatorium are sometimes put into practice by the patient on his return home to his permanent advantage. (ix.) Dental treatment is provided by the Dental Department of St. Bartholomew's Hospital, and the Corporation defrays the whole or part of the cost of artificial dentures for necessitous cases. (x.) Nursing in their own homes of patients resident in the City is one of the duties of the Tuberculosis Nurse. Milk has been provided for necessitous persons requiring extra nourishment and in this connection the sum of £35 has been expended. (xi.) Patients suffering from Non-pulmonary Tuberculosis receive advice and treatment from the Surgeons of St. Bartholomew's Hospital, to whom they are referred from the Dispensary. Treatment in residential institutions is provided as for pulmonary cases. The Corporation supplies surgical apparatus free of cost for necessitous residents in the City. (xii.) The arrangements for "care" and "after care" are carried out by a subcommittee of the Sanitary Committee, on which two ladies are co-opted as members.* It receives detailed reports on all cases of Tuberculosis occurring among City residents. (xiii.) No local arrangements exist for providing employment for patients, (xiv.) No opportunity has arisen for the use of a shelter, but arrangements would be made for any suitable case if a site were available. (xv.) No special points have been noted as to the incidence of Tuberculosis; the records do not show that the disease is specially prevalent among any class of workers in the City. (xvi.) The usual method for preventing the spread of infection are adopted, and pocket sputum flasks are provided free of cost. (xvii.) The principal difficulty encountered occurs on the discharge of a patient from a sanatorium with the disease quiescent. The home environment to which he returns is often unsatisfactory; suitable occupation near his home may be practically unobtainable, even when remuneration is not the main consideration, and the very considerable benefit gained is in some cases soon lost and the treatment in the sanatorium largely wasted. (xviii.) Difficulties also arise with regard to advanced cases. These are usually very infectious and do not care to go to the infirmary. This has been largely remedied by the arrangement made bv the Corporation already referred to. The following table sets out the number of cases both of Pulmonary and Non-Pulmonary Tuberculosis, which were brought to my notice during the year 1925, and also the total number of deaths from Tuberculosis among City residents during the same period:— Age Periods. New Cases. Deaths. Pulmonary. Non-Pulmonary. Pulmonary. Non-Pulmonary. M. F. M. F. M. F. M. F. o .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 5 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 10 .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... 15 3 .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... 20 2 2 .... .... .... 1 .... .... 25 1 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... 35 4 1 .... .... 2 .... .... .... 45 8 .... .... .... 3 .... .... .... 55 2 .... .... .... 2 .... .... .... 65 and upwards .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Totals 22 6 1 .... 7 1 1 1 Of the ten deaths recorded above, one or 10 per cent. referred to a person who had not been notified as suffering from Tuberculosis. This case, a Pulmonary case, was a man of 46 years of age who died of acute Miliary Tuberculosis. The disease was not determined until after death. * The present lady members of the Committee are Lady Cooper, O.B.F., and Miss Crosby, M.B.E 28 PUBLIC HEALTH (TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS, 1912. Summary of Notifications during the period from the 1st January to the 31st December, 1925, in the City of London. AGE-PERIODS Notifications on Form A. Notifications on Form B† Number of Notifications on Form C- Number of Primary Notifications.* Total Notifications on Form A. Number of Primary Notifications.* Total Notifications on Form B. Poor Law Institutions Sanatoria. 0 to 1 1 to 5 5 to 10 10 to 15 15 to 20 20 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 and upwards Total Primary Notifications. Under 5 5 to 10 10 to 15 Total Primary Notifications. Pulmonary Males .... .... 2 .... 3 2 1 4 8 2 .... 22 34 .... .... .... Nil. Nil. l 12 „ Females .... .... .... .... .... 2 3 1 .... .... .... 6 9 .... .... .... ,, ,, .... 1 Non-pulmonary Males .... .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... ,, ,, .... 6 „ „ Females .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Nil. Nil. .... .... .... ,, ,, .... Nil. Co). (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21) Patients notified as suffering from both pulmonary and non-pulmonary disease have been included among the " pulmonary " returns only. All notifications on Form D have been disregarded in preparing this return. * Primary notifications relate to patients who have not previously been notified in this or former years, either on Form A or on Form B, in the area to which the return relates. Any additional notification of a case which has been previously notified in the area is regarded as duplicate. (Note.—No primary notifications should be made on Form C.) † A School Medical Inspector, or the Medical Officer of Health of a county, county borough, or other district, if acting as a School Medical Inspector, is required to notify on Form B all cases of tuberculosis discovered in the course of inspection of children attending public elementary schools whether or not these have previously been notified. Cols. 2-13. Only those cases which have been notified for the first time during the year on Form A in the area concerned, and which have never previously been notified in the area, either on Form A or on Form B, have been included in these columns. Col. 14. The object of this column is to show the extent to which duplicate notification of the same case occurs on Form A, and all notifications on Form A, whether duplicate or not, are included in this column. Cols. 15-18. Only those cases which have been notified for the first time during the year on Form B in the area concerned, and which have never previously been notified in the area, either on Form A or on Form B, have been included in these columns. Col. 19. All notifications which have been made during the year on Form B in the area concerned, whether the cases have previously been notified in the area, or not, either on Form A or on Form B, have been included in this column. (These figures agree with those furnished to the Ministry of Health for the period 4th January, 1925, to 2nd January, 1926.) 29 The following interesting details, relating to Worshops for Tuberculous Persons, have been contributed by Dr. F. H. Young, M.R.C.P., the City Tuberculosis Officer :— SOME NOTES ON THE VALUE AND CONDUCT OF WORKSHOPS FOR TUBERCULOUS PATIENTS. The value of workshops for patients who are, or have been, suffering from tuberculosis of the lungs must be considered from several points of view. (1) Economic.—It is obviously of economic value to the Community if any of its members perform work which, from its commercial value, is able to reduce the subsistence allowance that public opinion demands should be given to any individual. For example, if a tuberculous man instead of receiving 30s. as a subsistence allowance for himself, wife and children, when living in idleness, performs work of a commercial value of 15s. per week for which he is paid £2 per week, the result is National Economic gain. The question as to where the 25s. per week is to come from is purely a question of national accountancy. That is to say, that it is better from the national economic standpoint to pay a partially disabled man a subsidised wage than to allow him to remain idle on a subsistence allowance provided that the subsidy is not as great as the subsistence allowance. The above presumes that the tuberculous man must of necessity remain idle. This is not always so, although probable in a period of trade depression, when employers are able to choose their employees, and certain unless the man performs 100 per cent. efficient work. The latter does not affect the argument, as no scheme for workshops of this kind ought to employ men who are so far recovered as to be 100 percent. efficient without detriment to their physical condition. Of those fit to perform less than 100 per cent. efficient work permanently, there will be a proportion able to do so for a limited period but the result will be eventual breakdown and it is economically more sound to employ a man permanently at 80 per cent. efficient work than 100 per cent. for a year or so and later 0 per cent. The fact that some employers are willing to allow a partially disabled man to do, say 60 per cent. work, and pay him for 100 per cent., from goodness of heart, does not affect the argument. (2) Physical well-being of the Tuberculous Patient.—(a) The physical condition of a quiescent tuberculous patient is improved rather than otherwise by the performance of such an amount of work as is within his capacity, judged on medical grounds. (b) The fact that his subsidised earnings are greater than his subsistence allowance will enable him to provide himself with food, clothes, and lodging, better in quality than previously. This again will help his disease, as it is well known that the disease is more serious in the poor than the well-to-do. (c) The man will be able to live the part of his life which he spends at the workshop under the sanatorium regime. (d) The companionship with men who are in the same condition and who have learnt the same rules of living at the sanatorium, and the fact that he is able to carry out these rules at his workshop will encourage and help him to carry them out at home. (e) The man, being employed, will be free from temptation to fall into follies, from the physical point of view, to which he is liable if idle. (/) He is prevented from drifting into habits of idleness which will prevent him from working, even if later he is sufficiently recovered to perform ordinary work. (g) Owing to the fact that he will be away from home for a considerable proportion of the day, he will be out of the way of his wife, and cease to add to her already sufficiently hard-driven life, which is a prolific cause of domestic unhappiness. (3) Public Health Advantages.—(a) Being under the influence of an environment where the precautions against the spread of the disease are insisted upon, he is saved from being a danger to his fellow workers. In ordinary life the individual is largely precluded from this, as the moment that he tries to carry out the precautions that he has been taught, he is singled out by his employer and fellow employees as dangerous and is consequently dismissed. Again the habits he forms at the workshop will be carried into the home and will consequently much reduce the chance of infection to the very susceptible children with whom he is in contact. (b) The time he spends with these susceptible subjects will be reduced. (c) Owing to the small amount of money available in the home, the wife frequently goes out to work and the unemployed husband looks after the children with consequent increased danger of infection. (d) As the man is employed he will have less time to spend what little money is available, so the amount available for the home is increased. (e) The larger amount of money earned, coupled with the larger proportion available, will enable the remainder of the household to be better fed, clothed and housed. The advantage of workshops for tuberculous men would, therefore, appear to be very great, provided that the provision is practicable. To be efficient there are a number of conditions which should apply to any workshop scheme. (a) Position.—It is absolutely essential that the shop should be within easy reach of the home of the worker. A long tiring journey will have just as deleterious an effect on its subject as longer hours in the workshop, and the increased fares are an economic drain. E 30 (b) Type of Work.—1. The exact kind of work performed is not of great importance, from the point of view of the health of the individual, provided it does not entail:— (1) Dusty work. (2) Work with marked exposure to the inclement weather. (3) Very heavy manual strain. (4) Badly ventilated workshops. 2. A satisfactory outlet for the products is essential. Accordingly the articles produced should be those for which there is a constant and steady demand by Government and Municipal Departments. The latter should not pay the workshop more than the market price for such articles, but should purchase from these in preference, if the articles were of satisfactory quality and at a competitive price. This is already done in the case of a large workshop for mentally deficient patients by the London County Council. The work ought to be confined to a comparatively few standard types, as it will allow the rudiments of the work to be learned at the large sanatoria. (c) Financial Considerations.—The results of workshops already established show that, except under exceptional conditions, it is impossible to maintain a workshop for inefficient workers without financial assistance. As the care of the tuberculous patient is now a function of the State, it is unlikely that assistance from charitable sources on a large scale would be obtainable. In view of the cry for economy it is unlikely that much assistance could be obtained from national or local public funds. There are, however, three official bodies who would benefit considerably by these persons being employed. (1) National Health Insurance Commissioners. (2) Ministry of Labour Unemployment Department. (3) Boards of Guardians. Avery largenumberof tuberculouspersonsof the industrial classes are out of employment. These are, usually, in receipt of benefits from sources No. 1 or No. 2. Which of the two, will depend usually upon which of the two is most profitable, as it is impossible for a medical practitioner to sign up a tuberculous patient as fit for work, unless he is willing for this to be done, and alternatively, if a man is anxious to work, it is practically impossible to refuse to sign a certificate of fitness in early cases, as he is probably fit for certain types of work. It should be quite possible to work out, on actuarial basis, how much it would save these two departments for each additional tuberculous case taken off the funds of either body. (1) National Health Funds.—The necessary figures are available for working this out on a large scale. The total number of tuberculous cases, in any given area, is known from the Medical Officer of Health's register. The number of patients drawing National Health Benefit for unfitness for tuberculosis of the lungs, is available, and so the average amount paid out from the National Health source, per notified case of pulmonary tuberculosis is easily ascertainable. (2) Unemployment Funds.—A comparison between the Medical Officer of Health's register and the employment register, over a given time, and in several selected areas would furnish the figures saved by each tuberculous subject taken off the register. (3) Out and Indoor Relief.—A very large proportion of the families whose bread winners contract tuberculosis come on the rates. The figures are available, from the enquiries made by the Boards of Guardians, and a comparison between these and the Medical Officer of Health's Notification Register would yield a figure which would represent the saving these bodies would make per tuberculous patient employed. There would, therefore, be available without further cost to the community, a sum of money per tuberculous case employed, which if mobilised from these three sources would go far to make up the deficiency per head employed at the tuberculosis workshop. To make these funds available legislation would, of course, be necessary, but the case appears good enough to have an actuarial investigation made. (d) Conduct of Workshops.—1. The amount of hours worked by any one man should be decided on purely medical grounds by the local tuberculosis officer, whose duty it should be to attend frequently. As long as the patient was employed at the workshop he should be paid a minimum wage, but if he was, after trial, found to be persistently grossly inefficient and idle he should be discharged. If his output was above the hourly normal he should be allowed to benefit by an increase of wage. As the number of hours he was allowed to work by the Medical Officer increased, his wage should also increase. It is of fundamental importance that an incentive should exist for good work and good physical progress. 2. A large rest room should be provided and the patient encouraged to rest there in preference to going home, when he had done as many hours as allowed. 3. A substantial mid-day meal should be provided, at cost price, and the cost deducted from the wages, whether taken or not. In this way the patient would be prevented from neglecting himself for the benefit of his family. Patients, in this class of life, are not usually accustomed to taking their main meal in the middle of the day, but their innate conservatism in this matter will have become broken down by the fact that it is the routine at sanatoria. 4. No patient should be employed who has not been to a sanatorium, as he will not be able to derive full benefit, and will kick against the restrictions, of which he does not realise the value. 31 5. Half-an-hour's rest, lying down, should be enforced before the meal. 6. Temperatures can be taken, if required, by the Tuberculosis Officer. 7. The control of the workshop should be under a single superintendent, who should be responsible to a small active Committee. The discipline is very important, and should be left to the Superintendent, with a right of appeal to the Committee, but his decision should only be over-ruled under exceptional circumstances. A large committee whose members in any way interfered with the details of the workshop discipline would be ruinous to the scheme. The above appear to me to be among the more important arguments for the institution of these workshops and to embody some of the more important principles that should govern the workshops. It may be suggested that the scheme is inferior to colony schemes, but it must be remembered firstly that the industrial urban classes, especially above a certain age, are very frequently unhappy, and will not remain in the country, and, secondly, that the expense of colony institutions is very great. PUBLIC HEALTH (TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS, 1924. With the object of tightening up the existing method of notification and to bring the number of notifications recorded more in approximation with the deaths registered from tuberculosis, the Ministry of Health issued the Public Health (Tuberculosis) Regulations, 1924, which became operative on 1st January, 1925. The Regulations are supplementary to those of 1912 and 1921. The Minister, in a circular letter, issued with the Regulations, directs attention to the following points :— (a) Notifications under the Regulations. 1.—Notifications are occasionally made after the death of the patient has occurred. The Minister does not consider this a formal notification under the Regulations which entitles the practitioner to the payment of a fee. 2.—Owing to doubts which have arisen it has been decided that the Tuberculosis Officer shall notify every case in which he diagnoses tuberculosis unless he ascertains that the practitioner has notified, or will notify the case. 3.—New notifications on FormC or 1) should be rectified by forwarding a copy of Form A to the notifier, and asking for notification on that Form. 4.—In the weekly returns to the Registrar-General it is asked that only the number of primary notifications of tuberculosis on Form A or Form B received during the week should be the figure entered in the weekly return. 5.—Prima facie evidence of neglect to notify on the part of a medical attendant should justify the local authority in obtaining an explanation. In this connection it has only been necessary to direct attention to one case under this heading during the year. 6.—The advantage of obtaining information respecting deaths from tuberculosis from the Registrar of Births and Deaths is referred to. In the City arrangements already exist for furnishing this information. (b) Keeping of Registers and Census of Cases. The second part of the circular letter refers to certain office requirements in respect of the keeping of the registers and the census of cases and calls for no comment or special reference. PUBLIC HEALTH (PREVENTION OF TUBERCULOSIS) REGULATIONS, 1925. From time to time attention has been directed to the danger to the public health due to persons suffering from tuberculosis being engaged in an occupation involving the handling of milk under such conditions as to create a danger of infection of the milk. Local Authorities were not armed with any effective means of removing this danger, and if persuasion failed, the affected person might continue to spread infection by this medium. The Public Health (Prevention of Tuberculosis) Regulations, 1925, were accordingly framed, and it is now an offence for any person who is aware that he is suffering from tuberculosis of the respiratory tract to enter upon any employment in connection with a dairy, involving the milking of cows, the treatment of milk, or handling of vessels used for containing milk. If a person is already employed in any such occupation, the Local Authority, on a report in writing from the Medical Officer of Health that such person is suffering from tuberculosis of the respiratory tract, and is in an infectious state, may, by notice in writing, require him E2 32 to discontinue his employment or occupation on or before the date specified in the notice, such date to be not less than seven days after the date of service of the notice. Provision is made for the right of appeal by any person who feels himself aggrieved by the requirement of the Local Authority and the Court may make such order in the matter as may seem equitable, and may award costs. The Court also has power, with the consent of the appellant, to direct that he be examined by a registered medical practitioner nominated by them. The provisions of Section 308 of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which relates to compensation for damages sustained by reason of the exercise of the powers of the Act) apply to any person who is affected by these Regulations. The Regulations contain the proviso that a dairy does not include a place in which milk is sold for consumption on the premises only. It will be seen that this omission places outside the scope of the Regulations numbers of restaurants, tea rooms, etc., and it is not easy to appreciate why such places should have been specifically exempted from a piece of legislative enactment of such importance. VENEREAL DISEASES. The following is a brief summary of the work carried out at the Special Treatment Centre for Venereal Diseases during the year 1925:— At the beginning of the year 383 males and 145 females were registered on the books as being under treatment or observation, which compares with 256 males and 98 females at the beginning of the previous year. Of these patients, 238 males and 100 females were under treatment for syphilis and 145 males and 45 females for gonorrhoea. New patients admitted totalled 402 as compared with 417 in the previous year, and 505 in 1923 and 583 in 1922. 72 males and 11 females suffering from syphilis discharged themselves before completing the first course, and 42 males and 21 females after completing the first course, but before completion of treatment. 47 males and 20 females completed treatment, but failed to submit themselves to final test; 3 males and 1 female were transferred to other centres, whilst 5 males and 1 female were discharged after completion of treatment and observation. In the case of gonorrhoea, 141 males and 35 females, out of the total of 165 and 37 of the respective sexes coming under treatment during the year for the first time, discharged themselves before completion of the first course of treatment. The total number of attendances of all persons at the clinic was 10,541, which total is made up as follows :— Syphilis. Soft Chancre. Gonorrhoea. Non-Venereal Conditions. Total Attendances. Male. Female. Male. Female. Male. Female. Male. Female. Male. Female. 4,003 1,886 — — 4,129 453 61 9 8,193 2,348 A few beds are provided at the Centre for in-patient treatment and the number of days of such treatment totalled : males, 20; and females, 0. In the laboratories associated with the Centre 5,835 specimens were examined, 37 for the detection of spirochetes, 915 for gonococci, and 4,883 examinations for the Wassermann reaction. The following tabulation indicates the number of patients coming under treatment for the first time from the Counties stated and also the examinations which were made for the detection of Spirochetes, of Gonococci and for the Wassermann reaction in respect of these patients:— For Syphilis. No. of patients treated For Gonorrhoea. For Non-Venereal Conditions. For Spirochetes. Examinations. For Gonococci. For Wassermann Reactions. London 145 197 48 37 911 4,877 Essex 3 1 — — 1 3 Hertfordshire 1 — — — — 1 Bucks — 1 2 — 1 — Surrey — 1 — — I — Kent 1 — — — — 1 Leicester 1 1 — — 1 1 Totals 151 201 50 37 915 4,883 Included in the above total were *3,671 examinations for the Wassermann reaction at the request of general practitioners. Nineteen specimens were submitted by general practitioners for examination for gonococci. No specimens were submitted by general practitioners for examination for spirochetes. * Includes tests made for St. Bartholomew's Hospital, and the Metropolitan Asylums Board. 33 RETURN RELATING TO ALL PERSONS WHO WERE TREATED AT THE TREATMENT CENTRE AT 20, GOLDEN LANE, E.C. 1, DURING THE YEAR ENDED THE 31st DECEMBER, 1925. Syphilis. Soft Chancre. Gonorrhœa. Conditions other than Venereal. Total. Males Females Males Females Males Females Males Females Males Females 1. Number of cases which— (a) at the beginning of the year under report were under treatment or observation for 238 100 .... .... 145 45 .... .... 383 145 (b) had been marked off in a previous year as having ceased to attend or as transferred to other Centres, and which returned to the Treatment Centre during the year under report suffering from the same infection 4 .... .... .... 6 .... .... .... 10 .... Total—Items 1 (a) and I (b) 242 100 .... .... 151 45 .... .... 393 145 2(a). Number of cases dealt with at the Treatment Centre during the year for the first time 108 42 .... .... 165 37 41 9 314 88 Total—Items 1 (a), 1 (b) and 2 (a) 350 142 .... .... 316 82 41 9 707 233 2(b). Number of cases included in Item 2 (a) known to have received previous treatment at other Centres for the same infection 2 .... .... .... 4 1 .... .... 6 1 3. Number of persons which ceased to attend (a) before completing the first course of treatment for 72 11 .... .... 141 35 .... .... 213 46 (b) after one or more courses but before completion of treatment for 42 21 .... .... .... .... .... .... 42 21 (c) after completion of treatment, but before final tests as to cure of 47 20 .... .... 68 23 .... .... 115 43 4. Number of cases transferred to other Treatment Centres after treatment for 3 1 .... .... 6 6 .... .... 9 7 5. Number of cases discharged after completion of treatment and observation for 5 1 .... .... 7 1 N. V. once only 52 11 40 9 6. Number of cases which, at the end of the year under report, were under treatment or observation for 181 88 .... .... 94 17 1 .... 276 105 Total—Items 3, 4, 5, & 6 350 142 .... .... 316 82 41 9 707 233 7. Out-patient attendances:— (a) For individual attention by the Medical Officer 4,003 1,886 .... .... 1,714 379 41 9 5,758 2,274 (b) For intermediate treatment, e.g., irrigation, dressings,etc. .... .... .... .... 2,415 74 20 .... 2,435 74 Total Attendances 4,003 1,886 .... .... 4,129 453 61 9 8,193 2,348 8. Aggregate number of "In-patient days" of treatment given to persons who were suffering from .... .... .... .... .... .... 20 ..... .... For detection of For Wassermann Reaction. Spirochetes. Gonococci. Other Organisms. Sigmas. 9. Examinations of Pathological material:(a) Specimens which were examined at, and by the Medical Officer of, the Treatment Centre S.T.C. Private & St. B. H. 37 896 633 679 5,835 .... 19 1,709 1,862 (b) Specimens from persons attending at the Treatment Centre which were sent for examination to an approved laboratory .... .... .... ... 34 Statement showing the services rendered at the Treatment Centre during the year, classified according to the areas in which the patients resided. Name of County or County Borough (or Country in the case of persons residing elsewhere than in England and Wales) to be inserted in these headings. London. Essex. Herts. Surrey. Kent. Bucks. Leicester. Total. A. Number of cases from each area dealt with during the year for the first time and found to be suffering from:— Syphilis 144 3 l .... l .... l .... .... .... .... 150 Soft chancre .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Gonorrhœa 198 1 .... l .... l l .... .... .... .... 202 Conditions other than venereal 48 .... .... .... .... 2 .... .... .... .... .... 50 Total 390 4 l l l 3 2 .... .... .... .... 402 B. Total number of attendances of all patients residing in each area 10,505 8 8 12 2 5 1 .... .... .... .... 10,541 C. Aggregate number of "Inpatient days" of all patients residing in each area 20 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 20 D. Number of doses of Arsenobenzol compounds given in the:— 1. Out-patient Clinic 1,774 1 .... 7 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1,782 2. In-patient Dept. to patients residing in each area. .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... E. Give the names of Arsenobenzol compounds used in the treatment of syphilis and the usual initial and final doses. Neo.- Salvarsan. Nov-Arsenobillon. Neo.-Kharsivan Stabilarsan. Silver Salvarsan. Sulfarsenol. Initial dose, Male, .6 to .9. Female, .6 to .75. F. State the amount and kind of treatment usually administered to a case of Syphilis of each of the types usually dealt with at the Treatment Centre. Usual course, 8 to 10 injections of Arsenical compounds, with 10 to 20 Mercury injections. 3 to 4 courses in the 1st yr., 2 to 3 courses in the 2nd yr., according to W.R. Hvd., Per. c Pot. Iod. between. 15 injections Iodine-BismuthQuinine, Trépol, Neo-Trépol, Muthanol, Luatol, Contralucsin, Mercurosal, Collosal Iodine in conjunction with or without Arsenical compounds. G. State the nature of tests applied in deciding as to discharge of patients referred to in Item 5 on previous page. Gonorrhœa—Male. Urethroscopy. Cessation of treatment Alcohol, Films and cultures from urethal discharge, and from threads, if any, and from prostatic and vesicular secretions on 3 occasions at weekly intervals. Female. Films and sometimes cultures from cervix ant urethra (and from Bartholin's glands if necessary) after at least 3 successive menstrual periods Date 20/1/26. (Signed) KENNETH M. WALKER, Medical Officer of the Treatment Centre. 35 HOUSING OF THE WORKING CLASSES. The following table is included in this Report in accordance with the request contained in the letter from the Ministry of Health, dated 10th December, 1925, and relating to contents of annual reports of Medical Officers of Health. Observations of an extended character on the housing question as it relates to the City are contained in the health survey which appears at the beginning of this Report. Number of new houses erected during the year Nil. (a) Total (including numbers given separately under (b) ) Nil. (b) With State assistance under the Housing Acts Nil. (i.) By the Local Authority Nil. (ii.) By other bodies or persons Nil. 1. Unfit Dwelling Houses. Inspection—(1) Total number of dwelling-houses inspected for housing defects (under Public Health or Housing Acts) 865 (2) Number of dwelling-houses which were inspected and recorded under the Housing (Inspection of District) Regulations, 1910, or the Housing Consolidated Regulations, 1925310 (3) Number of dwelling-houses found to be in a state so dangerous or injurious to health as to be unfit for human habitation Nil. (4) Number of dwelling-houses (exclusive of those referred to under the preceding sub-head) found not to be in all respects reasonably fit for human habitation 97 2. Remedy of defects without Service of Formal Notices. Number of defective dwelling-houses rendered fit in consequence of informal action by the Local Authority or their officers 135 3. Action under Statutory Powers. A.—Proceedings under Section 3 of the Housing Act, 1925. (1) Number of dwelling-houses in respect of which notices were served requiring repairs Nil. (2) Number of dwelling-houses which were rendered fit after service of formal notices:— (a) By owners Nil (b) By Local Authority in default of owners Nil. (3) Number of dwelling-houses in respect of which Closing Orders became operative in pursuance of declarations by owners of intention to close Nil. B.—Proceedings under Public Health Acts. (1) Number of dwelling-houses in respect of which notices were served requiring defects to be remedied 201 (2) Number of dwelling-houses in which defects were remedied after service of formal notices:— (a) By owners 173 (b) By Local Authority in default of owners Nil. C.—Proceedings under Section 11, 14, and 15 of the Housing Act, 1925. (1) Number of representations made with a view to the making of Closing Orders Nil. (2) Number of dwelling-houses in respect of which Closing Orders were made Nil. (3) Number of dwelling-houses in respect of which Closing Orders were determined, the dwelling-houses having been rendered fit Nil. (4) Number of dwelling-houses in respect of which Demolition Orders were made Nil. (5) Number of dwelling-houses demolished in pursuance of Demolition Orders Nil. HYGIENE OF HAIRDRESSERS' AND BARBERS' SHOPS. A system of voluntary registration of hairdressers' establishments with the Department •of the Medical Officer of Health was instituted in 1904. The following is a list of establishments at present on the register:— Alfred Kingston, 8 and 10, Ludgate Arcade. Charles Lehman, 8 and 9, Aldermanbury Postern. Thos. W. Monk, 5, Angel Court. Ed. Hy. Prince, 36, Coleman Street. Harry C. Wicks, trading as Arthur & Co., 42a, Old Broad Street. SMOKE AND ATMOSPHERIC POLLUTION. Fifteen instances of smoke nuisance or annoyance from chimneys were dealt with during the year. Some of these were of a temporary character and did not recur, others were abated upon service of the usual form of notice upon the offenders and there has been no occasion to take further action. As mentioned in previous Reports, the annoyance and the evil from coal smoke cannot satisfactorily be dealt with by law until the enactments at present in force are strengthened or amended. Much dirt and discomfort from smoke continues, although to a distinctly less degree than in former years, and for which the enormous number of chimneys, domestic and otherwise, in and surrounding Greater London is largely responsible. 36 A critical examination of the air in the City was commenced in the year 1914, in conjunction with the Committee for the Investigation of Atmospheric Pollution, appointed by the International Exhibition and Conference in London, 1912. A large rain gauge is mounted upon the roof of one of the Corporation's buildings in Golden Lane, and the rain-water from a known area of surface is collected monthly. This rain-water, containing the soot, grit and dust washed from the air, has been submitted for examination to the Public Analyst and the results tabulated. For comparison the results obtained from similar observations made at the Archbishop's Park, Lambeth, by the London County Council, are shown in the attached table. The table also shows the rainfall for the months of January to December of the year 1925 and the amounts found of insoluble matter, tar, soot, and dust, also the soluble matter, together with the sulphates, ammonia and chlorine in the volume collected. The results as given by the Public Analyst have been re-calculated into metric tons per square kilometre during each month. One metric ton per square kilometre is equivalent approximately to 9 lbs. per acre, or 2.56 tons per square mile. Although the presence of much impurity in the atmosphere has been long known the figures given represent a definite record of the facts. In examining the table it will be appreciated that in the month of February only, the amount of deposit registered as falling in the City amounted to 22.27 tons per square kilometre, which is equal (estimating the City as having an area of one square mile) to no less than about 57 tons avoirdupois. Of this mass of dirt, approximately 26.3 tons were soluble, and included the chemicals mentioned, and 30.7 tons were insoluble and consisted of tar, carbon and grit. In addition to the foregoing, a daily observation has been made at mid-day at the Guildhall of the purity of the air by a modern dry method, by which the suspended matter can be readily demonstrated. From the 1st January until the 31st December the amount of the impurity at noon has varied from half a milligramme to six milligrammes per cubic metre of air; this latter figure includes times when there has been a fog. SUMMARY OF MONTHLY OBSERVATIONS AND REPORTS DURING THE YEAR 1925. Month of the Year 1925. Place. 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Rainfall in millimetres. Metric tons of deposit per square kilometre during month. Insoluble matter Soluble matter. Total solids. Included in soluble matter. Tar. Carbonaceous other than tar. Ash. Loss on ignition. Ash. Sulphate as (S03). Chlorine (Cl) Ammonia (NH3). January City of London 40 0.06 2.60 3.72 1.70 3.40 11.48 1.86 0.97 0.15 Lambeth (Archbishop's Park) 64 0.13 1.87 2.06 1.21 4.35 10.22 2.47 0.75 0.18 February City of London 58 0.05 5.80 6.16 2.80 7.46 22.27 3.36 1.45 0.28 Lambeth 67 0.07 2.52 3.90 1.53 3.09 11.11 1.55 0.59 0.19 March City of London 13 0.05 4.18 6.17 1.28 2.90 14.58 1.31 0.70 0.08 Lambeth 14 0.17 2.58 4.49 0.29 2.60 10.13 1.00 0.32 0.07 April City of London 34 0.05 5.71 8.41 2.76 3.86 20.79 1.85 0.93 0.19 Lambeth 39 0.06 3.87 6.81 1.39 3.76 15.89 1 .58 0.53 0.24 May City of London 26 0.02 2.59 3.90 1.25 2.86 10.62 1.41 0.68 0.17 Lambeth 30 0.11 2.76 3.06 0.69 2.92 9.51 1.30 0.37 0.11 June City of London 3 0.01 1.15 2.48 0.52 0.82 4.98 0.40 0.19 0.06 Lambeth 2 0.03 0.66 0.69 0.26 0.55 2.19 0.25 * * July City of London 71 0.03 3.91 6.23 4.27 5.70 20.14 2.83 1.10 0.51 Lambeth 86 0.17 3.41 6.88 1.63 2.75 14.84 1.70 0.53 0.22 August City of London 51 0.02 3.11 5.57 2.55 3.77 15.02 2.10 0.50 0.25 Lambeth 67 0.10 2.48 3.77 1.34 1 .94 9.63 1.26 0.39 0.12 September City of London 39 0.04 4.01 6.30 2.01 5.73 18.09 2.50 0.69 0.23 Lambeth 53 0.14 2.48 4.11 1.17 3.10 11.0 1.71 0.43 0.03 October City of London 69 0.03 2.18 3.34 1.96 4.13 11.64 2.28 0.68 0.22 Lambeth 73 0.17 2.79 4.31 2.05 4.13 13.15 2.27 0.66 0.23 November City of London 36 0.08 2.60 4.39 1.44 3.63 12.14 1.59 0.59 0.14 Lambeth 34 0.10 1.48 1.53 1.18 2.13 6.42 1.30 0.35 0.10 December City of London 60 0.07 3.84 6.17 3.34 5.25 18.66 2.29 1.27 0.36 Lambeth 71 0.28 5.53 11.90 1.71 5. 49 24.91 2.46 0.99 0.23 * Not sufficient material to average. 37 CREMATIONS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. 41 Years—1885-1925. YEAR. Woking.* Manchester. Glasgow. Liverpool. Hull. Darlington. Leicester Golder's Green Birmingham. Leeds. City of London. Sheffield. Bradford. W. Norwood. Hendon Park. Pontypridd. No of Cremations each year 1885 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 1886 10 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 10 1887 13 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 13 1888 28 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 28 1889 46 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 46 1890 54 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 54 1891 99 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 99 1892 104 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 107 1893 101 30 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 131 1894 125 47 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 172 1895 150 58 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 209 1896 137 52 10 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 201 1897 173 51 16 10 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 250 1898 240 62 12 27 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 341 1899 240 88 16 23 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 367 1900 301 83 20 40 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 444 1901 273 96 18 40 17 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 445 1902 275 81 20 54 13 2 1 5 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 451 1903 143 92 24 35 18 1 5 158 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 477 1904 138 98 19 40 20 7 8 220 19 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 569 1905 95 97 35 35 15 4 16 252 22 16 9 7 1 .... .... .... 604 1906 140 90 44 46 17 13 12 298 25 15 23 6 14 .... .... .... 743 1907 108 98 30 34 29 8 12 290 33 16 18 18 13 .... .... .... 707 1908 119 116 28 32 37 6 14 364 18 24 19 12 6 .... .... .... 795 1909 105 106 30 46 15 9 19 421 30 19 24 18 13 .... .... .... 855 1910 106 114 28 37 21 9 16 415 38 12 22 8 14 .... .... .... 840 1911 114 124 39 50 25 12 13 542 44 17 20 10 13 .... .... .... 1,023 1912 125 149 44 52 27 15 14 591 40 24 32 12 9 .... .... .... 1,134 1913 128 172 49 66 23 11 11 602 59 16 21 15 15 .... .... .... 1,188 1914 124 184 57 48 16 11 7† 671 53 28 42 20 18 .... .... .... 1,279 1915 153 165 63 54 34 16 22 730 45 20 45 21 12 30 .... .... 1,410 1916 125 179 71 58 25 10 23 633 63 22 43 14 11 89 .... .... 1,366 1917 129 178 67 62 24 15 34 719 49 17 68 25 10 118 .... .... 1,515 1918 142 197 74 69 43 17 42 820 64 34 70 50 20 153 .... .... 1,795 1919 181 235 84 89 46 26 36 919 76 30 68 41 31 169 ..... .... 2,031 1920 149 203 80 69 30 18 32 851 72 26 58 32 20 156 .... .... 1,796 1921 159 228 87 75 43 20 36 893 78 31 57 29 24 162 .... .... 1,922 1922 193 189 75 74 45 17 23 939 98 31 70 38 25 186 6 .... 2,009 1923 170 227 90 62 45 21 36 920 75 27 69 37 23 178 6 .... 1,986 1921 235 251 82 74 47 28 49 1,114 97 47 68 32 24 240 7 4 2,390 1925 271 287 116 75 41 32 57 1,214 126 48 66 48 32 263 7 14 2,700 Totals 5,724 4430 1,429 1,478 716 329 529 14581 1,225 520 912 493 318 1,747 26 18 34,505 * " Viscount Cross in the year 1879 forbade the practice of cremation there (Woking) under the threat of passing an Act to make it " illegal .... But in 1884 appeared the well-known judgment of Mr. Justice Stephen, which, in the case of a child's body having been " burned by its father contrary to the order of the coroner, determined cremation to be a legal act, provided no nuisance be caused there" by to others."—Extract from speech mile by the late Sir Henry Thomoson at the opening of Golder's Green Crematorium, 22nd Nov" ember, 1902. Vide " Transactions of Cremation Society of England, 1903." p. 31. t Closed for reconstruction from August, 1913, to July, 1914. EXHUMATION AND REINTERMENT OF BODIES. City of London Cemetery.—During the year bodies of seven persons buried at the City of London Cemetery at Ilford have been exhumed and subsequently re-interred in the same Cemetery. In accordance with the terms of the licences issued by the Home Secretary in respect of these cases, the work of removal and re-interment was carried out in the early morning under the supervision of your Medical Officer of Health. Site of Saint Benet Fink's Church.—-In the course of excavations in connection with the enlarging of an underground electrical transformer chamber, situate in the former burial ground of St. Benet Fink's Church, human remains were found. The excavation was carried to a depth of sixteen feet six inches, and in all, six cases containing lead coffins, and three cases containing loose bones were removed to the City of London Cemetery at Ilford, and re-buried in consecrated ground in accordance with the Faculty granted by the Consistorial and Episcopal Court. Of the six lead coffins, identification was possible in three instances. F 38 St. Mildred's Poultry Churchyard.—During the course of excavations in connection with building operations in St. Mildred's Poultry Churchyard, a quantity of human remains were exhumed. In all, they amounted to 4 coffins and 16 cases containing loose bones. They were all transferred to the City of London Cemetery at Ilford. It may be of interest to mention that St. Mildred's Poultry Churchyard was the subject of Act of Parliament which authorised the burial ground of St. Mildred's Poultry Church to be sold to the Midland Bank, Limited, for building purposes, and it was in connection with this work that the remains were discovered. SUPERVISION OF FOOD AND DRUGS. During the year 1925, 1,022 samples of Food and Drugs were submitted to the Public Analyst for examination. Of this number, 690 were taken as test samples without the formalities of the Acts being observed; of these 18 were found adulterated, made up as follows 3 of Armenian Bole out of 4 samples taken. 3 of Malt Vinegar out of 13 samples taken. 2 of Cream (not preserved) out of 9 samples taken. 2 of Calomel Ointment out of 8 samples taken. 2 of Strong Tincture of Iodine out of 2 samples taken. 1 of Baking Powder out of 10 samples taken. 1 of Crushed Linseed out of 9 samples taken. 1 of Gregory's Powder out of 7 samples taken. 1 of Sponge Cake out of 12 samples taken. 1 of Sweet Spirit of Nitre out of 2 samples taken. 1 of Vinegar out of 15 samples taken. Of the formal samples 20 out of 332 were found to be adulterated, made up as follows:— 9 of Milk out of 290 samples taken. 3 of Malt Vinegar out of 3 samples taken. 3 of Rum out of 8 samples taken. 2 of Cream (not preserved) out of 2 samples taken. 1 of Butter out of 9 samples taken. 1 of Crushed Linseed out of 1 sample taken. 1 of Calomel Ointment out of 2 samples taken. The above samples, in all cases except Milk, Butter and Spirits, were taken as the result of informal samples having been certified as adulterated. General Observations.—The percentage rate of adulteration of all foods sampled in the City was 3.7 as compared with 4 .4 for 1924. Butter.—The recorded instance of adulteration of Butter was excess of water. Drugs.—Nine samples of Drugs were found not to comply with the standards of the British Pharmacopoeia. There were two prosecutions, and in other instances cautions were issued. Spirits.—Of the 23 samples of Spirits taken 3 were found to be below the statutory minimum strength of 35 degrees under proof. In 2 instances legal proceedings were instituted and in one case the vendor was cautioned. Margarine.—Two samples of Margarine were sold in plain or improperly marked wrappers. The vendors were cautioned. Legislation.—Following the report of the Departmental Committee on the use of Preservatives and Colouring Matters in Foods, issued in 1924, the Public Health (Preservatives, etc., in Food) Regulations, dated 4th August, 1925, were published but do not become operative until 1st January, 1927. The Milk and Dairies (Consolidation) Act, 1915, became operative on the 1st September, 1925. There are several new provisions in this measure which vary the administration of the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts with regard to milk, among which may be mentioned the obligation of the Local Authority to take a sample in course of transit or delivery from the seller or consignor to the purveyor where the latter has given notice to the Local Authority within sixty hours of a sample having been taken from the purveyor. Unless such a notice is given the purveyor is deprived of the warranty defence in the event of a prosecution. The Local Authority is also prevented from taking proceedings if it has failed to procure a sample in course of transit or delivery when such a notice has been served. Thirteen such notices were received. 39 Colouring matters used in food products.—In view of the Regulations issued by the Ministry of Health it was considered desirable to submit certain samples of colouring matters for analysis. A number of dyes, principally used by butchers and confectioners, were accordingly procured with a view to ascertaining to what extent, if any, these dyes were arsenically contaminated. Armenian Bole was formerly fairly extensively used. This is a mineral matter of reddish colour, containing amongst other constituents red oxide of iron. The first sample of Armenian Bole was purchased in the neighbourhood of Smithfield and found to contain 800 parts per million of arsenious oxide. Another sample contained 40 parts, whereas two others contained none. The first of these two samples also contained zinc to the extent of 5.76 per cent. Steps were immediately taken to ensure that no further supplies from the two contaminated sources were sold for food purposes. Sausages, anchovy preparations, and cheap chocolates are the principal articles in which Armenian Bole is used, and, formally, also burnt almonds and potted meats. In addition, samples were taken of Rose Pink, Bismarck Brown, Indian Red and a poloney dye, but no poisonous metals were found in any of these. Six samples of cheap sausages, six of anchovy paste, four of anchovy essence, five of caramel, four of cheap chocolates, three of burnt almonds and two of potted meats were examined, but none was found to contain poisonous metals. SUPERVISED AND REGISTERED PREMISES. Wholesale Dealers in Margarine and Margarine Cheese.—No new application for registration was received during the year. Ice Cream.—The premises and vehicles used for the manufacture or sale of Ice Cream within the City were inspected during the year and found to be generally satisfactory. In ten instances defects of a minor character were discovered and a caution secured the necessary improvements immediately. There was a marked increase in the number of retailers who received supplies of ice cream daily as required from their own factories or from reputable wholesale firms. The sale of wrapped portions of ice cream has extended among the itinerant vendors. This is a much more desirable method of retailing the commodity than that by which it is exposed to dust contamination. DAIRIES, COWSHEDS AND MILKSHOPS ORDERS, 1885, 1886 & 1899, AND THE MILK AND DAIRIES (AMENDMENT) ACT, 1922. Fourteen new applications for registration as retail purveyors of milk were received and investigated during the year. All of these were eventually approved. In two instances, where alterations or improvements to the premises were outstanding at the end of 1924, suitable arrangements were made, after which the names of the retailers were transferred to the new register. At two premises extensive alterations were rendered necessary in consequence of increase of business. These were satisfactorily carried out. Registration Statistics. Number of Retail Purveyors of Milk on the Register at end of 1924 339 New Applications for Registration received 14 Applications granted 14 Applications refused Names of Retailers transferred to new Register 2 Names of Retailers removed from the Register 15 Number of Retail Purveyors of Milk on the Register at the end of 1925 340 Number of Milksellers (other than Retail Purveyors of Milk) on the Register at the end of 1925 Nil. Licenses issued under the Milk (Special Designations) Order, 1923 4 Inspection of Premises where Milk is Retailed.—During the year 1925, 348 inspections were made in connection with the supervision of the sale of milk. These included routine inspections and visits to supervise various improvements and alterations found to be necessary during the initial enquires made under the Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act during 1923. F2 40 EXAMINATION OF MILK. (A) Chemical.—Nine samples, all of which were procured formally, were found to be adulterated, giving a percentage of milk adulteration of 3.0 compared with 5.7 for 1924. There were two prosecutions and penalties were imposed in each case, and in seven instances the vendors were cautioned. The following table shows the percentage of fat contained in each of the 295 samples of milk examined. Three out of this number contained fat in amounts below the point which presumes adulteration, i.e., 3 per cent. The highest amount of fat contained in any sample was 6 .9 per cent. :— Percentage No. of Percentage No. of of Fat. Samples. of Fat. Samples. 2.8 1 4.0 7 2.9 2 4.1 11 3 .0 12 4.2 5 3.1 16 4.3 5 3.2 25 4.4 2 3.3 34 4.5 4 3.4 36 4.6 4 3.5 32 4.7 3 3.6 23 5.2 2 3.7 32 5.5 1 3.8 21 5.6 1 3.9 15 6.9 1 Total295 The practice of making special enquiries with reference to the samples which contained a percentage of fat exceeding 4.2 has been continued. Fourteen were of milk obtained in the course of delivery at Railway Stations, four of which were from Jersey cows and the amount of fat, therefore, was not excessive. Nine samples were taken from shop counter pans and it is more than probable that neglect of proper stirring by the retailer accounted for the excessive fat content. THE PUBLIC HEALTH (CONDENSED MILK) REGULATIONS, 1923. Forty samples of condensed milk were taken and submitted to the Public Analyst. Thirty-four separate Brands were examined, as follows :— Condensed Full Cream Milk Sweetened 10 Condensed Skimmed or Machine Skimmed Milk Sweetened 27 Condensed Skimmed Milk Unsweetened 1 Condensed Full Cream Milk Unsweetened 2 Total40 In no instance was the condensed milk found to be below the required standard, but in three cases the labels were not in conformity with the Regulations. PUBLIC HEALTH (MILK AND CREAM) REGULATIONS, 1912 & 1917. During 1925, 295 samples of Milk were examined under these Regulations, and all were found to be free from preservative. Eleven samples of cream (not preserved) were purchased, four of which were certified to contain Boric Acid and in no instance was the amount in excess of that permitted by the Regulations for Preserved Cream. Of these four samples, two were informal, and two formal, purchased from the same vendors respectively. Explanations in each case were submitted to the effect that through inadvertance a declaration was omitted from the bill of fare. Fourteen samples of Preserved Cream were obtained and found to comply with the Regulations as to labelling and the amount of preservative permitted. In no instance did the fat content of Preserved Cream fall below 35 per cent. No contravention of the other requirements relating to preserved cream was found. All the samples of Cream and Preserved Cream were certified to be free from thickening substances. 1. Milk; and Cream not sold as Preserved Cream. (a) (b) Number of samples examined Number in which Preservative was tor the presence of reported to be present and percentage Preservative. of Preservative found in each sample. Milk 295 None. (1) 0.15 per cent. Cream 11 4 (2) 0. 19 „ Cream 11 (3) 0.18 (4) 0.26 „ Nature of preservative in each case in column (b) and action taken under the regulations in regard to it. (1) Boric Acid. Informal sample. Formal sample taken. (2) Boric Acid. Informal sample. Formal sample taken. (3) Boric Acid. Formal sample from the same vendor as (1). The vendor was asked to furnish an explanation. The circumstances were reported to the Sanitary Committee and the vendor was cautioned. (4) Boric Acid. Formal sample from the same vendor as (2). The vendor was asked to furnish an explanation. The circumstances were reported to the Sanitary Committee and the vendor was cautioned. 2. Cream sold as Preserved Cream. (a) Instances in which samples have been submitted for analysis to ascertain if the statement on the labels as to preservatives were correct. (i.) Correct statements made 14 (ii.) Statements incorrect 0 Total 14 (iii.) Percentage of 0.30 Percentage 0.4 preservative 0.27 stated on 0.4 found in each 0.16 Statutory 0.4 sample 0.20 Label 0.4 0.33 0.4 0.37 0.4 0.23 0.4 0.36 0.4 0.29 0.4 0.18 0.4 0.17 0.4 0.22 0.4 0.25 0.4 0.27 0.4 (b) Determinations made of milk fat in cream sold as preserved cream. (i.) Above 35 per cent 14 (ii.) Below 35 per cent 0 Total 14 (c) Instances where (apart from analysis) the requirements as to labelling or declaration of preserved cream in Article V. (1) and the proviso in Article V. (2) of the regulations have not been observed. Two. (d) Particulars of each case in which the regulations have not been complied with, and action taken. The two instances mentioned in paragraph (c) above, refer to cream for consumption on the premises, purchased in refreshment rooms where no declaration as to preservatives in cream sold there was given either by exhibited notice or statement on the bill of fare. Action taken in respect of these contraventions is reported in paragraph 1. Thickening Substances.—Any evidence of their addition to "cream or preserved cream. Action taken where found. Nil. Other observations, if any. Nil. 42 ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION REGARDING SAMPLES Name of Article. Identification No. given to the sample in the Quarterly Report. Result of Analysis. If any legal proceedings were instituted under the Sale of Food & Drugs Acts, state result, showing fines and costs separately. If any legal proceedings were instituted under Acts other than the Sale of Food & Drugs Acts, state result, showing fines and costs separately. Quarter ending 31st March, 1925. Milk 64 29% of original fat abstracted Fined £4 and 17/6 Costs. ... ... ... Margarine ,| 72 Margarine sold in plain wrapper ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, 76 Margarine sold in an improperly marked wrapper. ... ... ... ... ... ... Baking Powder 96 100% Ground Rice ... ... ... ... ... ... Crushed Linseed 157 19% deficient in Oil ... ... ... ... ... ... Milk 167 5% of original abstracted ... ... ... ... ... ... Crushed Linseed 198 18% deficient in Oil Fined £2 and 17 /6 Costs. ... ... ... Milk Quarter ending 30th June, 1925. 241 8% of added water ... ... ... ... ... ... Condensed Machine Skimmed Milk Sweetenec 331 Defective label ... ... ... ... ... ... Milk 338 2% of added water ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, 339 2% of added water ... ... ... ... ... ... Condensed Machine Skimmed Milk Sweetenec 345 Defective label ... ... ... ... ... ... Vinegar 366 7% deficient in Acetic Acid ... ... ... ... ... ... Milk 369 2% of added water ... ... ... ... ... ... Calomel Ointment 378 51% deficient in Mercurous Chloride ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, ,, 409 55% deficient in Mercurous Chloride Fined £25 and 17 /6 Costs. ... ... ... Condensed Machine Skimmed Milk Sweetenec 448 Defective label ... ... ... ... ... ... Calomel Ointment Quarter ending 30th September, 1925 476 53% deficient in Mercurous Chloride ... ... ... ... ... ... Armenian Bole 520 0.8% of Arsenious Oxide ... ... ... ... ... ... Gregory Powder 584 22.% of Magnesium Carbonate ... ... ... ... ... ... Sponge Cake 585 0.6% of Boric Acid. ... ... ... ... ... ... Armenian Bole 592 Arsenious Oxide 40 parts per million ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, ,, 594 0.03% of Copper Oxide ... ... ... ... ... ... Malt Vinegar 631 100% of vinegar other than Malt Vinegar. ... ... ... ... ... ... Milk 681 6% of original fat abstracted ... ... ... ... ... ... Malt Vinegar 740 100% of vinegar other than Malt Vinegar. ... ... ... ... ... ... Cream 750 0.15% of Boric Acid ... ... ... ... ... ... Milk 753 8% of added water Fined £1 and 17 /6 Costs. ... ... ... Malt Vinegar Quarter ending 31st December, 1925. 756 100% of vinegar other than Malt Vinegar. Fined £5 and 17 /6 Costs. ... ... ... Cream 769 0.19% of Boric Acid ... ... ... ... ... ... Strong Tincture of Iodine 788 75% deficient in Iodine and 61% deficient in Potassium Iodide. ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, ,, ,, 794 74% deficient in Iodine and 58% deficient in Potassium Iodide. ... ... ... ... ... ... Sweet Spirit of Nitre 798 17% deficient in Ethyl Nitrite ... ... ... ... ... ... Malt Vinegar 804 100% of vinegar other than Malt Vinegar. ... ... ... ... ... ... Cream 805 0.18% of Boric Acid ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, 806 0.26% of Boric Acid ... ... ... ... ... ... Rum 910 37.1 degrees under proof ... ... ... ... ... ... ,, 912 42.9 degrees under proof Fined £5 5s. and £1 1s. Costs. ... ... ... ,, 940 47.1 degrees under proof Fined £3 3s. and £1 1s. Costs. ... ... ... Milk 968 3% of added water ... ... ... ... ... ... Malt Vinegar 973 17% deficient in Acetic Acid ... ... ... ... ... ... Butter 986 1.1% excess of water ... ... ... ... ... ... Malt Vinegar 992 17% deficient in Acetic Acid Dismissed on payment of 17/6 Costs. ... ... ... 43 NOT REPORTED TO BE GENUINE. If no legal proceedings were instituted, state briefly the course adopted in regard to each sample. Information, if any, as to previous convictions. Remarks on any point of special interest. Vendor cautioned. „ „ „ „ ... ... ... Resampled. Subsequent sample genuine. Resampled. Vendor cautioned. Same Vendor as No 157. Reported to Sanitary Committee and Vendor cautioned. Reported to Ministry of Health. Vendor cautioned. „„ Reported to Ministry of Health. Vendor cautioned. „„ Resampled 2nd offence. Same Vendor as No. 378. Reported to Ministry of Health Resampled. Subsequent sample genuine. Vendor communicated with, consignment withdrawn from sale, reported to Ministry of Health. Vendor cautioned. Vendor communicated with, stock destroyed. Informal Sample. Resampled. Consignor cautioned. Resampled. Resampled. Same Vendor as No. 631. Resampled. " „ Vendor cautioned. „ „ Same Vendor as No. 740. „ „ Same Vendor as No. 750. „ „ Same Vendor as No. 7( 9. „ „ Vendor cautioned. Resampled. Reported to Sanitary Committee. Same Vendor as No. 973. 44 45 HEALTH (MILK AND CREAM) REGULATIONS. SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACTS, THE PUBLIC AND THE PUBLIC HEALTH (DRIED MILK) REGULATIONS. THE PUBLIC HEALTH (CONDENSED MILK) REGULATIONS Quarter of the Year 1925. Articles Examined during each Articles submitted for Analysis. Quarter ending 31st March Quarter ending 30th June. Quarter ending 30th September. Quarter ending 31st December. Total for 1925. No of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. * Percentage of Adulteration. * No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. Formal:— Baking Powder l l .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... ... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Brandy .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 3 3 .... ... Butter .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 3 2 1 33.3 9 8 1 11.1 Cream (Not Preserved) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 .... 2 100.0 2 .... 2 100.0 Crushed Linseed l .... l 100.0 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 .... 1 100.0 Malt Vinegar ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 ... 1 100.0 2 .... 2 100.0 3 .... 3 100.0 Milk 79 76 3 3.7 60 57 3 5.0 79 77 2 2.5 72 71 1 1.3 290 281 9 3.1 Ointment, Calomel .... .... .... .... 2 1 1 50.0 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 1 1 50.0 Rum .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 8 5 3 37.5 8 5 3 37.5 Tincture of Iodine, strong .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... Whisky ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .... .... .... .... 12 12 .... ... 12 12 .... .... Total formal samples 81 77 4 4.9 65 61 4 6.1 83 80 3 3.6 103 94 9 8.7 332 312 20 6.0 Informal:— Allspice (Ground) .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 3 3 .... .... Almond Oil .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 6 6 Anchovy Paste .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... Anchovies, Essence of .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... .... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... Armenian Bole .... .... .... .... .... .... ... .... 4 1 3 75.0 .... .... .... .... 4 1 3 75.0 Arrowroot 3 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 ... .... Baking Powder 4 3 l 25.0 3 3 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 10 9 1 10.0 Beef or Meat Paste .... .... .... .... .... .... .... ... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Beef Cubes .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Bicarbonate of Soda 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... \3 3 .... .... Bismark Brown .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 1 1 ... ... ... .... ... ... 1 1 ... ... Boracic Powder .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 ... ... ... .... .... .... 1 1 ...... .... Bread 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... ... ... ... ... ... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Burnt Almonds .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 ... ... ... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... Butter 28 28 .... .... 17 17 .... .... 5 5 ... ... 23 23 .... .... 73 73 .... .... Cake (various) .... .... .... .... 8 8 .... .... ... ... ... ... ... .... .... .... 8 8 .... .... Cake Mixture 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... ... ... .... .... ... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Camphorated Oil 5 5 .... .... 2 2 .... .... ... ... .... .... 4 4 .... .... 11 11 .... .... Carbonate of Magnesia .... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... .... .... .... .... ... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... Caramel .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... ... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... Caraways (Ground) .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... ... .... .... .... 2 2 .... ..... Castor Oil .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 8 8 .... .... Castor Sugar .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... ... .... .... .... 1 1 ... ... 1 1 .... .... Cayenne Pepper .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... ... .... .... .... 2 2 ... ... 10 10 .... .... Cheese 4 4 .... .... 4 4 .... .... ... .... .... .... ... ... ... ... 3 3 .... .... Chicory 1 1 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 3 3 .... ... ... ... ... ... 3 3 .... .... Chocolates .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 1 .... .... Chocolate dates .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... Citric Acid .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Cinnamon (Ground) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... Cloves (Ground) 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 5 5 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 11 14 .... .... Cocoa 1 1 .... .... 5 5 .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 13 13 .... .... Coffee 4 4 .... .... 6 6 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Condensed Full Cream Milk Sweetened 6 6 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 10 10 .... .... Carried forward 61 60 l 1.7 68 68 .... .... 55 52 3 5.5 48 48 .... .... 232 228 4 1.7 46 47 SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACTS, THE PUBLIC HEALTH (MILK AND CREAM) REGULATIONS. THE PUBLIC HEALTH (CONDENSED MILK) REGULATIONS AND THE PUBLIC HEALTH (DRIED MILK) REGULATIONS.—Continued. Articles submitted for Analysis. Quarter ending 31st March, Quarter ending 30th June. Quarter ending 30th September Quarter ending 31st December Total for 1925. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. Informals—Continued. Brought forward 61 60 1 1.7 68 68 — - 55 52 3 5.5 48 48 - — 232 228 4 1.7 Condensed Skimmed Milk Sweetened 9 9 .... .... 12 12 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... 27 27 .... .... Condensed Full Cream Milk Unsweetened 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Condensed Skimmed Milk Unsweetened .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Cornflour 2 2 .... .... 5 5 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 9 9 .... .... Cream of Tartar .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 4 4 .... .... 8 8 .... .... Cream (Not Preserved) .... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... 3 2 1 33.3 2 1 1 50.0 9 7 2 22.2 Cream (Preserved) .... .... .... .... 9 9 .... .... 4 4 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 14 14 .... .... Crushed Linseed 5 4 1 20.0 .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 9 8 1 11.1 Curry Powder .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 4 4 .... .... Custard Powder 2 2 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... Demerara Sugar 2 2 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 7 7 .... .... Desiccated Cocoanut .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Dried Full Cream Milk 3 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... Dried Skimmed Milk 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Dripping 3 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 5 5 .... .... Egg Substitute Powder .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Epsom Salts 4 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 7 7 .... .... Essential Oil of Camphor .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... Flour 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Flour (Self Raising) 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 9 2 .... .... 4 4 .... .... Friars Balsam .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... Ginger (Ground) 1 1 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 9 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... Glauber's Salt 4 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... Glycerine .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 3 3 .... .... Glycerine of Borax .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... 4 4 .... .... Gregory's Powder .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 3 2 1 33.3 2 2 .... .... 7 6 1 14.2 Honey 4 4 .... .... .... .... .... .... l 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 6 6 .... .... Indian Red .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Jam .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... Jelly Cream 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Lard 7 7 .... .... 5 5 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 4 4 .... .... 17 17 .... .... Lemon Curd and Cream .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 3 3 .... .... Lemonade (Sweetened) .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Lemonade Powder .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... 9 9 .... .... .... .... .... .... 15 15 .... .... Liniment of Turpentine .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Malt Vinegar .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 9 7 2 22.2 2 1 1 50.0 13 10 3 23.0 Margarine 6 6 .... .... 13 13 .... .... 4 4 .... .... 10 10 .... .... 33 33 .... .... Marmalade .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... Milk 5 5 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... Mincemeat .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... 5 5 .... .... Mustard 2 2 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 4 4 .... .... 10 10 .... .... Mustard (Condiment) 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... Nutmeg (Ground) 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... l l .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Oatmeal .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 4 4 .... .... Ointment, Boracic 4 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 9 2 .... .... 11 11 .... .... Ointment, Calomel .... .... .... .... 5 3 2 40.0 2 2 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 8 6 2 25.0 Ointment, Salicylic Acid .... .... .... .... 1 l .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Ointment, Sulphur .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 8 8 .... .... Ointment, Zinc .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 4 4 .... .... 7 7 .... .... Carried forward 134 132 2 1.5 161 159 2 1.2 120 113 7 5.8 126 124 2 1.6 541 528 13 2.4 g2 48 49 SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACTS, THE PUBLIC HEALTH (MILK AND CREAM) REGULATIONS. THE PUBLIC HEALTH (CONDENSED MILK) REGULATIONS AND THE PUBLIC HEALTH (DRIED MILK) REGULATIONS.—Continued. Articles submitted for Analysis. Quarter ending 31st March. Quarter ending 30th June. Quarter ending 30th September. Quarter ending 31st December. Total for 1925. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. No. of Samples taken. No. Genuine. No. Adulterated. Percentage of Adulteration. Informals.—Continued. Brought forward 134 132 2 1.5 161 159 2 1.2 120 113 7 5.8 126 124 2 1.6 541 528 13 2.4 Oil of Peppermint 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Oil of Eucalyptus 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 3 3 .... .... Olive Oil 4 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 7 7 .... .... Opedia (Preservation Powder) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Paregoric 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Pearl Barley 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 5 5 .... .... Pepper .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... 9 9 .... .... Pickles .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Poloney Dye .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Purified Borax 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 4 4 .... .... Rice 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 5 5 .... .... Rice (Ground) 1 1 .... .... 5 5 .... .... 7 7 .... .... 3 3 .... .... 16 16 .... .... Rose Pink (Butchers' Dye) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Sago 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... Salmon and Shrimp Paste .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... Sauce .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Sausages (Beef) .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... Semolina 4 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 9 9 .... .... Sherbet .... .... .... .... 3 3 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... Soup (Desiccated) 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Soup Cubes 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 3 3 .... .... Soup Powder 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Spice (Mixed) .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 4 4 .... .... Sponge Cake .... .... .... .... 4 4 .... .... 5 4 .... 20.0 3 3 .... .... 12 11 8.3 Sponge Mixture 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Suet (Shredded) 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 3 3 .... .... Sugar of Milk 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Sweet Spirit of Nitre .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 1 .... 50.0 2 1 .... 50.0 Tapioca 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... .... .... .... .... 6 6 .... .... Tartaric Acid .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 5 5 .... .... Tea 4 4 .... .... 2 2 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 8 8 .... .... Tea Dust .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... Tincture of Iodine .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1 1 .... .... 1 1 .... .... Tincture of Iodine, Strong .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 .... .... 100.0 2 .... 2 100.0 Vinegar 6 6 .... .... 4 3 1 25.0 4 4 .... .... 1 1 .... .... 15 14 1 6.6 Yellow Crystals .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 2 .... .... 2 2 .... .... Total informal samples 175 173 2 1.1 198 195 3 1.5 154 146 8 5.1 163 158 5 3.0 690 672 18 2.6 Totals 256 250 6 2.3 263 256 7 2.6 237 226 11 5.2 266 252 14 5.2 1,022 984 38 3.7 50 SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACTS, 1875 TO 1907 RESULTS OF PROSECUTIONS, 1925 First Quarter Sample Nature and Extent of Adulteration Result 64 Milk 29 per cent of original fat abstracted £4 and 17s 6d Costs 196 Crushed Linseed 18 per cent deficient in oil £2 and 17s 61 Costs Second Quarter 409 Calomel Ointment 55 per cent deficient in Mercurous £25 and 17s 6d Costs Chloride (2nd Offence) Third Quarter 753 Milk 8 per cent added water £1 and 17s 6d Costs 756 Malt Vinegar Vinegar other than Malt Vinegar £5 and 17s 6d Costs Fourth Quarter 912 Rum 429 degrees under proof £5 5s and £1 1s Costs 940 Rum 471 degrees under proof £3 3s and £1 1s Costs 992 Malt Vinegar 17 per cent deficient in Acetic Acid Dismissed on payment of 17s 6d Costs SUMMARY £ s d £ s d First Quarter Fines 6 0 0 Costs 1 15 0 Second Quarter ,, 25 0 0 ,, 17 6 Third Quarter ,, 6 0 0 ,, 1 15 0 Fourth Quarter 8 8 0 „ 2 19 6 Total Fines £45 8 0 Total Costs £7 7 0 CHEMICAL AND BACTERIOLOGICAL EXAMINATION OF MILK SAMPLES COLLECTED AT RAILWAY STATIONS In accordance with the practice which has been in operation in the City for a number of years, samples of milk have been collected at Railway Stations, on arrival from the country, and submitted to Sir Frederick Andrewes, FRS, the City Bacteriologist, for bacteriological examination and investigation as to the presence of dirt Duplicate samples have also been submitted to the City Analyst for chemical examination Two series of samples were collected, one in March and the other in September In the March series, 42 samples were examined, and one sample or 2.4 per cent. found to be infected with the tubercle bacillus Sir Frederick Andrewes report on the result of his examination is as follows:— "These experiments were marked by the occurrence of an epidemic of unknown nature, which carried off nearly 20 animals, most of them within a few days, in the middle of April Cultures from the blood and viscera were negative, and I assume the epidemic was due to some filter passing virus such as that which, I believe, occurred amongst guinea pigs at the Lister Institute Fortunately, the animals which thus died had been inoculated long enough (18 days and onwards) to allow of a decisive opinion as to the presence or absence of tubercle Only in one animal of this series is there any doubt in my mind as to whether sufficient time had elapsed to allow of an opinion This is No 1, which died only 12 days after inoculation "Summary—Of these milks two were definitely dirty, Nos 31 and 42 Two more, 36 and 37, contained a moderate amount of dirt The rest were either clean or contained only traces of dirt, which I have classified as "large trace" (5 samples) and "trace" (22 samples) 11 samples appeared quite clean "As regards tubercle,evidence was obtained in only one sample out of the42, viz, No 29— ie, in only 2.3 or 2.4 per cent—a lower rate than any which I have found in previous years "(Signed) F W ANDREWES St Bartholomew's Hospital, May 18 th, 1925," As the result of enquiries instituted in connection with the positive case, the Veterinary Inspector for the district in which the farm is situated reported that " No evidence of disease could be detected It was, however, ascertained that two cows, on the ground of their not ' doing well,' had been disposed of at the beginning of this month, and that no milk is now sent to London, the whole supply going to Lowestoft where it is pasteurised" The chemical examination showed that with one exception all the samples were samples of genuine milk, free from boric acid The offender in this case was cautioned, and subsequent samples taken from the same source were found to be satisfactory 51 Of the 42 samples taken in September, one, or 2.4 per cent. were found to be infected with the tubercle bacillus. The following is a summary of Sir Frederick Andrewes' report:— Dirt.—31 out of the 42 samples were clean—74 per cent. In the remainder there were some blackish specks in the deposit on standing, returned as traces of dirt. No really dirty sample was present. Tubercle.—The specimens were allowed to stand in conical glasses for 24 hours in the ice box. Guinea pigs were then inoculated subcutaneously in the thigh with 1 cc. of a mixture of the deposit and the surface cream. As is liable to happen in animal houses containing many animals, a number of these guinea pigs developed B. Aertrycke infections, 13 in all. In no case is it suggested that these infections were derived from the milk; many other animals not so injected, died also. The question arises how far such accidental deaths vitiate the purpose of the experiments. Bovine tuberculosis is a continuously progressive lesion which should be manifest on careful scrutiny during, at latest, the second week after inoculation. The earliest of these accidental deaths was seven days after inoculation (No. 41) and in this no sign of tuberculosis could be found, but I have preferred to exclude this case as a frustrate experiment. The earlier of the remaining twelve cases were in the second half of the second week; no tubercle bacilli and no sign of tuberculosis could be found in any of them, and I have therefore felt justified in classing them as negative from the point of view of tuberculosis. One animal, killed 44 days after inoculation, was found to present advanced tuberculosis, and the tubercle bacillus was successfully cultivated (No. 20). On the basis of 41 examinations this gives a percentage of 2.4 tuberculous samples—a very satisfactory result. Even if all animals dying accidentally during the second week were to be excluded, the proportion of tuberculous samples would work out at only 2.8 per cent. (Signed) F. W. ANDREWES. St. Bartholomew's Hospital, November 24th, 1925. The particulars in connection with the one sample in which the tuberculosis bacillus was found to be present, were forwarded to the Medical Officer of Health of the London County Council but the information derived from the visit of their Veterinary Inspector was not very satisfactory, inasmuch as it was not found possible to establish the fact that the sample examined actually came from the farmer whose name was on the churn. This farmer stated that no churn bearing the number in question was sent by him to London within a month either side of the date on which the sample was taken. The District Veterinary Inspector reported that he had made an ordinary routine examination of the animals at the farm a fortnight before the sample had been collected and had found no trace of tuberculosis among them. He further reported that he examined the animals and farm again, subsequently to the discovery of tubercle in the sample of milk, and found them to be " in a very good and healthy condition, and show no signs of any contagious disease." The following summary sets out the number of samples which have been found to be infected with the tubercle bacillus on each of the occasions when investigations similar to that now referred to have been made :— year Percentage showing Year Percentage showing Tuberculous infectio i. " Tuberculous infection. 1904 .... 7-7 per cent. 1917 .... 4-2 per cent. 1905 .... 9 1 „ „ 1919 .... 14-8 „ „ 1906 .... 8-0 „ „ (24-2 „ „ 1st Series. 1907 .... 8-3 „ „ 1921 .... 1 26-3 „ „ 2nd innQ ) 12*5 „ 1st Series. ( 12-5 „ „ 3rd „ lyuy -• | 4-7 „ ,, 2nd „ 1922 .... 9-5 „ „ 1910 .... 6-25 „ ,, 1923 .... 2-6 „ „ 1912 .... 6-6 „ „ 1924 .... 12-8 „ „ 1913 .... 10-4 ,, ,, ]Q.-)r ( 2-4 „ ,, 1st Series. 1914 .... 10-2 „ „ -* | 2-4 „ „ 2nd „ 1915 .... 8-5 „ The chemical examination, as in the first series, showed only one instance of adulteration The vendor was cautioned and a subsequent sample taken was found to be satisfactory The samples taken were sent from farms situate in the following counties :— Essex 30 Suffolk 26 Norfolk .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 22 Hertfordshire .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 2 Cambridgeshire . .. .... .... .... . .... .... 4 52 APPLES AND THE USE OF INSECTICIDE—CONTAMINATION BY ARSENIC. Some publicity was given in the Press during November to the fact that in certain districts arsenic in appreciable amounts had been found on apples which had been imported from the United States of America. Enquiries were made in the City, especially at the riverside wharves, where large quantities of apples from America are landed, and the only ones found bearing indications of what appeared to be arsenical deposits were "Jonathans" from America, corresponding apples to those with regard to which prosecutions had been instituted in another area. Samples of these apples were submitted to the Public Analyst for examination, and he reported that they contained 1/700 of a grain of arsenious oxide per pound. This quantity was so small that I was not prepared to restrict the sale of the apples affected. Observation has been maintained, but no further cause for suspicion has been found. I am of opinion, however, that as arsenic is a foreign addition to apples, the fruit should be exported entirely free from that poison. If the principle of disregard of small quantities of poison is to be accepted, it is not difficult to appreciate the circumstance, that, if not arsenic, some other poisonous substance, in small quantities, might be added to other foods with the result that the aggregate consumed might be considerable. The importers in this country should insist that the exporters take adequate precautions to ensure that the fruit is despatched free from such contaminations. MEAT INSPECTION. The following tabulated report has been prepared by Mr. T. Dunlop Young, Veterinary Surgeon. My observation on a few points of importance raised by the Report follow. According to the Board of Trade Report the Imports of Fresh Meat and Bacon were as under:— Beef Cwts. Mutton Cwts. Pork Cwts. Veal Cwts. United States 94,611 - 129,657 1,490,394 Uruguay 994,335 118,520 — — Argentine 9,052,656 1,841,553 6,689 — Australia 1,374,338 527,486 — — New Zealand 520,679 2,502,501 — — Denmark 30,680 — — 3,738,834 Netherlands — 120,137 819,843 — Canada — — — 1,266,861 Irish Free State — — 179,731 461,548 China — — 19,585 — Other Countries 352,315 375,033 82,735 528,983 Total 1925 12,419,614 5,485,230 1,238,240 7,486,620 „ 1924 12,549,495 5,097,027 1,008,887 7,873,377 Imports of Live Stock were:— Cattle No Sheep No. Pigs No. United States 1,634 - - Canada 110,155 - - Irish Free State 688,120 400,587 97.695 Other Countries 235 — — 800,144 400,587 97,695 Beef.—Of the 620,980 tons of imported beef, fresh, chilled and frozen, 66 per cent. was chilled and 33 per cent. frozen. Argentina supplied 72 per cent., Australia 11 per cent., Uruguay 8 per cent., New Zealand 4 per cent. and other countries including U.S.A., Canada and Denmark supplied the balance. Mutton and Lamb.—New Zealand supplied 45 per cent., Argentina 33 per cent., Australia 9 per cent. The balance of 13% came from the Continent. Pork.—Holland supplied 80 per cent., Irish Free State 17 per cent., U.S.A. supplied 57 per cent. frozen. Other countries, China and Argentina, the balance. 53 Bacon.—Denmark supplied 50 per cent., U.S.A. and Canada the majority of the balance. Hams.—The U.S.A. supplied about 86 per cent, of the total, the balance came from Canada and other countries. Live Animals.—It is observed that the supplies from the Irish Free State diminished considerably, there being 243,000 fewer cattle, 184,000 fewer sheep and 138,000 fewer pigs. Canada exported to this country 33,177 more cattle during the year 1925 than in 1924. CENTRAL MARKET, SMITHFIELD. The total supply of food to the Central Markets for the year 1925 was 465,822 tons, a decrease of 14,698 tons compared with 1924. Imported supplies formed 80.7 per cent., and home supplies, Ireland included, 19.3 per cent. Argentine and Uruguay 214,302 tons or 46.0 per cent. Australia and New Zealand 86,369 ,, 18.5 ,, Britain and Ireland 89,985 „ 19.3 ,, Holland and Other Countries 75,166 ,, 16.2 ,, 465,822 „ 100.0 ANALYSIS. Beef and Veal. Argentina 186,472 tons or 73.1 per cent. Australia and New Zealand 14,019 ,, 5.5 ,, Britain and Ireland 35,910 „ 14.1 „ Other Countries 18,712 „ 7.3 „ 255,113 „ 100.0 Mutton and Lamb. Argentina 27,127 tons or 21.1 per cent. Australia and New Zealand 68,311 „ 53.0 „ Britain and Ireland 26,425 ,, 20.5 ,, Other Countries 6,919 „ 5.4 „ 128,782 „ 100.0 Pork. Holland 34,900 tons or 69.1 per cent. Britain and Ireland 12.111 „ 24.0 ,, Other Countries 3.513 „ 6.9 „ 50,524 „ 100.0 Poultry and Game. Britain and Ireland 11,238 tons or 58.9 per cent. Other Countries 7,854 ,, 41.1 ,, 19,142 „ 100.0 Butter, Eggs and Rabbits. Britain and Ireland 4,251 tons or 34.7 per cent. Other Countries 8,010 „ 65.3 „ 12,261 „ 1000 British Meat.—There was a decrease of supplies to the market. Throughout the year special attention was given to observing whether the Public Health (Meat) Regulations which came into operation on April 1st, 1925, would prevent diseased meat being sent to the markets. The following table shows that up to the end of December quantities of diseased meat were deposited almost daily, thus indicating that whatever improvement may have taken place, diseased meat still arrives at the market in considerable amount. A noticeable feature is the arrival of pig carcases without heads, those carcases require very special attention as presumably the heads have been cut off because they contain lesions of disease. The important point is that as no stamp exists on those carcases the market inspectors have no knowledge as to whether the heads have been cut off at the place of slaughter, under the supervision of a local inspector, or by the persons who slaughtered the animals. h 54 AMOUNTS OF HOME-KILLED MEAT SEIZED AT SMITHFIELD ON ACCOUNT OF DISEASE, AND THE NATURE OF THE DISEASE. CAUSE OF SEIZURE. Pieces of Meat. Carcases of Beef. Quarters of Beef. Carcases of Mutton. Quarters of Mutton. Carcases of Veal. Quarters of Veal. Carcases of Pork. Quarters of Pork. Heads. Tongues. Lungs. Hearts. Livers. Mesenteric^. Kidneys. Remarks. Abscesses — - — 20 — l — 17 l 2 - 1 - 1 — - Heads of Caves, Lungs & Livers of Ox Actinobacillosis - - - — — — - — —. — 4 - - - - - Oxen. Actinomycosis - - - — — — - — — 2 11 - - - - - Oxen. Arthritis - - - — 10 — - — 4 — — - - - - — Blackhead Disease - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 8 Turkeys. Blackquarter — - — — — — 3 — — — — - - — - — Caseous Lymphadenitis - - - 9 - - - - - - - - - - - - - Cavernous Angioma - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 - - Ox. Distomatosis - - - 124 - - - - - - - - - 4 - - Emaciation and Hydræmia - 2 2 122 - 3 - 60 - - - - - - - - Hæmarrhagic Musculature - - - - - - - 2 2 - - - - - - - - Hydrocephalous - - - - - - - - - 1 - - - - - - Calf's Head. Immaturity - - - - - 1 - - - - - - - - - - Injury - — 2 6 1 4 2 4 12 1 - - - - - - Calf's Head. Jaundice - — — - — - - 10 - — - - - — - - Killed in Extremis - 1 — 27 - 2 — 8 - — — - - — - - Melanosis - - - - - - - - - - - 1 - - - - Ox. Metritis and Peritonitis - - - 1 - - - - - - - - - - - - Myositis - — — — — 3 — — - — — - - — - - Necrosis - - - - - - - - - - 1 - - - - - Calf's. Nephritis - — — 2 — 2 — 1 - — — - - — - - Offensive Odour - 1 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Osteosarcoma - - - 1 - - - - - - - - - - - - Pericarditis (Septic) - - - - - 1 - - - - - - - - - - Peritonitis - — — 1 — — — 12 - — — - - — - - Pleurisy (Acute) - — — 20 — 2 — 50 - — — - - — - - Pleurisy (Chronic) - — — — 16 — — — - — — - - — - - Pneumonia (Septic) - - - - - - - 1 - - - - - - - - Polyarthritis - - - - - 1 - - - - - - - - - - Pyaemia - — — — — — — 6 - — — - - — - - Rickets - — — — — — — 2 - — — - - — - - Sarcoma - — — — — — — 1 - — — - - — - - Swine Fever - — — — — — — 12 - — — - - — - - Swine Erysipelas - — — — — — — 7 - — — - - — - - Tuberculosis, Bov. 38 8 8 - - 5 - - - 39 67 42 - 11 3 7 Tuberculosis, Porc. - - - - - - - 470 30 1481 2 50 — 49 - - Total 38 12 12 333 27 25 5 663 49 1526 85 94 - 66 3 7 Argentina.—This country continues to be the chief source of our beef supply and the only source of chilled beef which is the class of meat in greatest demand on the markets. The quality was, as usual, very good, but the amount of diseased quarters of beef and carcases of mutton discovered on the market, although very small, considering the enormous supplies, as will be observed by the following table, showed an increase. During the year Dr. Juan Richelet, Veterinary representative of the Argentine Minister of Agriculture, arrived in this country and is taking active steps to prevent as far as possible any unsound meat being exported from Argentina to this country. For quantities of diseased tongues and unsound food seized, see special tabulations. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Quarters of Beef. Carcases of Mutton. Quarters of Mutton. Abscesses 7 - - Caseous Lymphadenitis — 263 - Emaciation - 2 240 (boned) Hæmorrhagic Musculature 1 — — Injuries 1 — — Pleurisy (Acute) — 4 — Pleurisy (Chronic) — — 4 Tuberculosis (Hinds) 132 — — Tuberculosis (Fores) 23 — — Total 164 269 244 55 Australia.—There is very little to remark on the supplies from this country, except that a consignment of chilled hind quarters and crops of beef arrived on the market, the subject of which formed a special report. A further consignment is expected to arrive during the Spring of 1926. The Alcock Process of defrosting meat is in operation in one stall in the market, the results will be observed, and embodied in the Report for 1926. The inspection as will be observed from the following table has been very satisfactory. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Quarters of Carcases of Beef. Mutton. Caseous Lymphadenitis — 9 Emaciation 1 2 Hæmorrhagic Musculature 1 — Injury — 1 Tuberculosis 1 — Total 3 12 New Zealand.—-The quality of mutton which arrived from this country was, as usual, very good, but many of the lamb carcases, deposited on the market, had lost their "bloom," and appeared as if they had been in store for a long period; they had not, but there is evidently some defect in the method of freezing which is detrimental to the fresh appearance of the carcase, which should be attended to by those concerned. The beef sent was, as usual, the worst dressed meat on the market. The inspection, as the following figures show, was good. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Quarters of Carcases of Carcases of Beef. Mutton. Pork. Abscesses 1 Caseous Lymphadenitis — 7 — Tuberculosis 1 — Total 2 8 1 Holland.—The quality, grading and cleanliness of all the meat sent from this country, left nothing to be desired. During Christmas week, a new record was established by the arrival of 26,000 Dutch pig carcases within twenty-four hours. The following table shows the amount of Dutch diseased meat seized on the markets. Mutton Veal Pork Carcases. Carcases. Carcases. Quarters. Abscesses 1 4 39 2 Abnormal Odour — 1 — — Caseous Lymphadenitis 9 — — Distomatosis 4 — — — Emaciation and Hydremia 22 13 8 — Hemorrhagic Musculature — — 2 Immaturity — 1 — — Injuries 1 1 2 — Jaundice — — 3 — Killed in Extremis — 14 — Myositis — 3 — — Nephritis — 4 Ochronosis— 1 — — Peritonitis — — 3 —- Pleurisy (Acute) 1 3 29 — Polyarthritis — 1 — — Pseudo-leukemia — 2 — — Pyemia — — 2 — Rickets — — 3 — Tuberculosis — 1 25 — Urticaria — — 1 — Total 38 36 121 2 Canada.—Small quantities of chilled beef from this country were deposited on the market but the trials were, apparently, not a financial success as they ceased. An important event has taken place at the time of writing, viz., the taking over by a well-known meat packing firm of the large packing plant in Saskatchewan, Canada, which has been closed for sometime. Operations will begin in the Spring of 1926 and, presumably, first-class chilled beef may be expected on the market from Canada in the near future but there will, apparently, be competition as new ships are being built with a view to increasing the numbers of live cattle from Canada to this country. H 2 56 Denmark. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases of Veal. Abscesses 1 Emaciation 5 Total 6 Belgium. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases Carcases Carcases Mutton. Veal. Pork. Abscesses — 1 — Emaciation 28 2 Killed in Extremis — — 1 Peritonitis — 1 — Rickets — — 1 Tnberculosis — — 1 Total 28 4 3 Chile. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases Mutton. Caseous Lymphadenitis 10 Hæmorrhagic Musculature 1 Total 11 U.S.A. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases of Pork. Abscesses 14 Pneumonia 1 Total 15 Uruguay. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases of Mutton. Caseous Lymphadenitis 62 Brazil. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases Carcases of Mutton. of Pork. Abscesses — 5 Caseous Lymphadenitis 1 Peritonitis — 2 Total 1 7 Manchuria. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Carcases Carcases of Mutton. of Pork. Abscesses — 1 Caseous Lymphadenitis 2 1 Emaciation 6 — Total 8 2 Russia. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Cascases of Pork. Abscesses 3 Tuberculosis 5 Total 8 Poland. DISEASED MEAT SEIZED. Cascases of Pork. Tuberculosis 5 57 UNSOUND MEAT, Etc., REMOVED FROM COLD STORES. Article. No. How Packed. Origin. Cause for Destruction. Tons Cwts. Qrs. lbs. Bacon (Pieces) .... .... British Decomposed 0 4 0 2 „ „ .... .... Denmark 0 3 1 4 „ „ .... .... Holland 0 6 3 24 Beef „ .... .... Argentine Bone Taint 2 7 0 11 „ „ .... .... „ Brine Stain 0 15 3 13 „ „ .... .... „ Decomposed 0 17 0 26 „ „ .... .... ,, Mould Fungi 12 13 1 2 „ „ .... .... Australia Decomposed 0 1 2 3 „ „ .... .... „ Mould Fungi 0 1 1 20 „ „ .... .... British 0 1 1 4 „ „ .... .... „ Injury 0 0 2 4 „ (Quarters) 25 .... Argentine Brine Stain 2 15 2 14 „ „ 50 .... „ Mould Fungi 5 7 0 2 „ „ 4 .... „ Injury 0 3 2 9 „ „ 3 .... Australia Mould Fungi 0 2 2 25 Butter 2 Boxes Canada Rancid 0 1 0 0 Cheese 32 Cases France Decomposed 0 11 0 19 Fish (Various) .... British „ 0 4 3 22 Fruit „ 14 Boxes U.S.A „ 0 2 0 14 3 „ West Indies „ 0 0 1 2 Glands 14 Cases Argentine „ 0 15 0 0 „ 1 „ Holland „ 0 0 1 22 „ 72 Bags Brazil „ 0 4 1 13 „ 5 „ Australia „ 0 0 3 20 Hearts (Ox) .... Argentine „ 0 9 0 16 Kidneys (Ox) .... .... „ „ 0 3 0 19 „ (Sheep) .... „ „ 0 18 1 18 „ (Ox) .... .... Australia „ 0 0 1 20 Lambs (Carcases) 1 .... Argentine Brine Stain 0 0 1 12 „ „ 27 .... „ Decomposed 0 12 0 7 „ „ 11 .... „ Emaciated 0 2 3 2 „ „ 40 .... Australia Decomposed 0 14 2 11 „ „ 29 .... „ Brine Stain 0 11 1 18 „ „ 9 .... New Zealand „ 0 2 3 15 „ „ 35 .... „ Decomposed 0 12 2 12 „ (Pieces) .... Australia Brine Stain 0 4 3 16 „ „ .... Argentine . „ 0 0 0 11 „ „ .... New Zealand „ 1 0 3 12 Livers (Ox) .... Argentine Decomposed 0 3 2 13 „ „ 2 .... Holland Diseased 0 0 0 27 Mutton (Carcases) 90 .... Argentine Brine Stain 2 15 2 7 „ „ 18 .... Australia „ 0 14 2 0 „ „ 30 .... New Zealand Decomposed 0 12 0 6 „ „ 35 .... „ „ Brine Stain 0 19 1 6 „ (Pieces) .... Australia „ 0 15 1 15 „ „ .... „ Decomposed 0 5 2 16 „ „ .... Argentine Brine Stain 0 11 0 22 „ „ .... „ Decomposed 0 1 2 26 „ „ .... New Zealand „ 0 13 1 16 „ „ .... „ „ Brine Stain 0 15 3 6 Offal .... Argentine Decomposed 0 14 0 6 Pork (Carcases) 3 .... Holland Diseased 0 1 3 10 „ „ 4 .... Russian „ 0 3 3 26 „ (Pieces) .... .... Holland Injury 0 2 0 1 „ „ .... .... British Decomposed 0 1 3 27 „ „ .... .... „ Injury 0 0 0 21 Poultry (Various) .... .... „ Decomposed 0 1 2 3 „ „ .... .... Various „ 1 6 1 24 Rabbits 100 Cases Australia „ 2 10 3 6 Salmon 22 „ Canada „ 2 2 3 12 Tongues(Ox) 486 .... Argentine Diseased 1 6 0 15 „ „ 118 .... „ Glands removed 0 6 1 13 „ „ 2 .... „ Injury 0 0 0 12 „ „ 1557 .... „ Decomposed 4 10 1 10 „ (Calves) 647 .... „ „ 0 4 1 1 Tripe 4 Bags „ „ 0 3 3 17 Turtles 9 .... Australia „ 0 15 1 17 Venison .... .... British „ 0 0 3 16 56 16 3 11 Total for the Year 1924 = 72 tons 5 cwts. 2 qrs. 4 lbs. 1925 = 56 „ 16 „ 3 „ 11 „ Decrease .... 15 ,, 8 ,, 2 ,, 21 „ 58 LEADENHALL MARKET AND CITY SHOPS. The Leadenhall Market and City Shops have been systematically inspected during the year, and the following table shows the amount and variety of unsound food dealt with:— Bacon (Pieces) 6 Offal (Heads—Calves) 1 Badgers 1 „ ( —Pigs) 5 Beef (Hind quarters) 1 „ ( ,, —Sheep) 18 ,, (Pieces) 7 „ (Hearts—Sheep) 12 „ (Tins) 184 ,, (Livers—Sheep) 2 Calves (Carcases) 2 „ ( ,, —Rabbits) 20 Capercailzies 6 „ (Plucks—Calves) 1 Cheese (tins) 22 „ („ —Pigs) 1 Chickens 1,053 Ox Brains (Tins) 2 Cream (Tins) 341 Partridges 1,111 Curlew 8 Pheasants 406 Deer 2 Pigeons 2,673 Ducks 1,383 Plovers 712 Eggs 1,773 Pork (Carcases) 4 Fish (Tins) 16 ,, (Pieces) 2 Fowls 4,574 Ptarmigan 1,526 Fruit (Tins) 683 Quail 176 Game (Black) 25 Rabbits 12,741 „ (Hamper) 1 Salmon 1 „ (Unclassified) 30 Shrimps (Bags) Geese 106 Snipe 1,536 Goats 6 Teal 165 Grouse 354 Tomatoes (Boxes) 2 Guinea Fowl 30 Tongues (Sheep) 2 Hams 24 Turkeys 768 Hares 848 Venison (Pieces) 5 Hazelhens 80 Whelks (Bags) 1 Lobsters 11 Widgeon 87 Milk (Tins) 515 Woodcock 364 Total Weight for the year 1925 = 30 tons 7 cwts. 0 qrs. 21 lbs. „ „ „ 1924 = 27 „ 16 „ 3 „ 6 Increase 2 „ 10 „ 1 „ 15 „ ALDGATE MARKET AND SLAUGHTERHOUSES. Foot and Mouth Disease, which still exists in this country, and prevents a free movement of animals intended for slaughter, probably accounts for the reduced numbers in the following table. Although the total numbers are less there was a considerable increase in the numbers of oxen and sheep slaughtered. The greatest reduction was of calves, this appears to indicate that more of those animals are being retained for feeding purposes. 1925. 1924. Bulls 48 160 Calves 24,193 34,853 Cows 221 284 Heifers 16 64 Oxen 5,302 4,697 Sheep 19,551 14,599 Various 80 203 49,411 54,860 The extra hours of duty performed by the Inspectors, under Bye-Law No. 19, were as follows:— Week-days. Sundays. Before 6 a.m. After 9 p.m. Before 7 a.m. After 3 p.m. Hours. Hours. 11½ 21 99 83½ Number of animals killed during these hours were Bulls Nil. Calves 829 Cows Nil. Heifers Nil. Oxen 587 Sheep 645 Various Nil. Total 2,061 59 As in former years, tuberculosis was the disease most commonly found affecting bovines. The following figures show the percentage infection in the various classes:— Per cent. affected. Whole carcases and all organs. Affected parts and organs. Affected organs only. Bulls 5 or 10.41% 1 or 20% 3 or 60% 1 or 20% Calves 37 or 0.15% 17 or 47.22% — 20 or 55.55% Cows 57 or 25.34% 20 or 35.08% 5 or 8.77% 32 or 56.10% Heifers 3 or 19.00% 1 or 33.33% - 2 or 66.66% Oxen 171 or 2.90% 5 or 2.97% 24 or 14.03% 142 or 83.04% TABLE SHOWING NUMBER OF CARCASES AND QUARTERS SEIZED AND DESTROYED AT ALDGATE. Cause for Destruction. BEEF. MUTTON. VEAL. Carcases. Quarters. Carcases. Quarters. Carcases. Quarters. Abscesses .... .... .... 5 .... 5 Asphyxia .... .... 2 .... 3 .... Decomposition .... .... .... 1 1 .... Distomatosis .... .... 1 .... .... .... Emaciation and Hydræmia 2 .... 48 .... 3 .... Jaundice .... .... .... .... 2 .... Moribund .... .... 6 .... 14 .... Onchronosis .... .... .... .... 1 .... Pleurisy .... .... 7 .... 2 .... Pneumonia .... .... 1 1 5 .... Polyarthritis .... .... .... .... 2 .... Tuberculosis 27 32 .... .... 17 .... Totals for the year 1925 29 32 65 7 50 5 Totals for the year 1924 40 2 42 21 58 6 RECORD OF ORGANS SEIZED AT ALDGATE. Cause of Destruction. OXEN. CALVES. Heads. Tongues. Lungs. Hearts. Livers. Stomachs. Spleens. Mesenteries. Intestines. Kidneys. Heads. Tongues. Lungs. Hearts. Livers. Stomachs. Spleens. Mesenteries. Intestines. Kidneys. Abscess 60 3 35 ... 205 3 ... ... ... ... 8 7 8 ... 54 ... ... ... ... ... Actinomycosis 118 120 3 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Blood Aspiration ... ... 325 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Cirrhosis ... ... ... ... 43 ... ... ... ... ... 4 4 ... ... ... 9490 ... 23633 23633 ... Decomposition 12 4 ... ... 86 30 11 ... 3 ... ... ... 140 ... ... ... ... ... ...... ... Melanosis ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Nephritis ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 6 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 Parasitic Disease ... ... 257 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Pleurisy ... ... 190 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Pneumonia ... ... 72 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Tuberculosis 165 129 155 ... 128 53 56 72 72 7 20 22 37 ... 35 ... 20 20 ... Unwholesome 6 8 12 50 ... 24 9 19 16 54 37 33 29 93 85 46 86 30 30 86 Total for 1925 361 264 1049 50 1765 110 76 91 91 67 69 68 326 93 177 9536 86 23683 23683 89 Total for 1924 217 177 1007 58 1208 319 102 502 502 107 48 54 332 108 228 11899 111 26431 26437 108 SHEEP. PIGS. GOATS. Abscess 6 2 ... ... 99 1 ... ... ... 2 1 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Actinomycosis ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Blood Aspiration ... ... 281 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Cirrhosis ... ... ... ... 276 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Decomposition ... ... ... 6 ... 8365 6 18332 18332 ... ... ... ... ... ... 20 ... 31 31 ... Melanosis ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Nephritis ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Parasitic Disease ... ... 1684 ... 2842 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Pleurisy ... ... 190 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Pneumonia ... ... 95 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Tuberculosis ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Unwholesome 41 36 20 151 114 45 91 44 44 97 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Total for 1925 50 36 2270 157 3331 8411 97 18376 18376 102 1 ... ... ... ... 20 ... 31 31 ... Total for 1924 47 41 2278 130 1940 6936 92 9751 9751 80 5 ... ... ... ... ... ... 52 52 ... AMOUNT OF TUBERCULOUS MEAT SEIZED AT THE CENTRAL MARKETS DURING 1925. Carcases. BEEF. Qrs. Pieces. Carcases. PORK. Qrs. Pieces. Carcases. VEAL. Qr*. Pieces. 1925 8 165 38 505 30 23 6 .... .... 1924 18 218 84 409 49 246 6 2 5 Increase .... .... .... 96 .... .... .... .... .... Decrease 10 53 46 .... 19 223 .... 2 5 60 OFFAL. Heads, Tongues. Lungs. Livers. Stomachs. Spleens. Mesenteries. Intestines. Kidneys 1925 Oxen 39 67 42 11 .... .... 3 .... 7 Pigs 1,481 2 50 49 .... 15 .... .... .... Calves .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 1924 Oxen 35 56 15 5 .... .... .... .... .... Pigs 3,116 11 67 102 .... .... .... .... 5 Calves .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... Total Weight for 1924 = 75 tons 15 cwts. 1 qrs. 6 lbs. „ „ „ 1925 = 42 „ 19 „ 2 „ 22 „ Decrease = 32 „ 15 „ 2 „ 12 „ EXAMINATION OF ARGENTINE OX TONGUES IN THE CITY. Owners. No. of Tongues. Percentage Examined. No. of Tongues Seized. Percentage. A 36,216 5% 258 •71% B 4,488 5% 3 •06% C 534 5% .... D 368 5% 16 4.3% E Nil. .... .... .... F Nil. .... .... .... The number of Argentine ox tongues transferred to the City from the Port and released after receipt of intimation that examination had proved satisfactory to the Port Officials was:- A, 99,132; B, 51,012; C, 7,704; D, 28,014; E, 13,236; F, 4,776. SHOWING THE AMOUNT OF VARIOUS FOOD PRODUCTS SURRENDERED TO OR SEIZED BY THE MEAT INSPECTORS ON ACCOUNT OF DISEASED CONDITIONS AND THE COUNTRIES OF ORIGIN. Countries. Beef in lbs. Mutton in lbs. Pork in lbs. Veal in lbs. Offal in lbs. Total in lbs. Argentine 53,554 27,736 2,144 37 712 84,183 Australia 417 1,211 ... ... 68 1,696 Belgium ... ... 283 417 ... 700 Brazil ... ... 217 ... ... 217 Britain 29,222 36, 184 88,793 6,906 80,484 241,589 Canada ... ... 160 ... ... 160 Chilian ... 90 ... ... ... 90 Denmark ... ... 52 200 136 388 Germany ... ... 683 ... ... 683 Holland 20 4,638 15,600 4,136 8,835 33,229 Ireland ... 19 1,161 ... 20 1,200 Manchuria ... 72 ... ... ... 72 New Zealand ... 203 1,204 459 ... 208 2,074 Patagonia ... 28 ... ... ... 28 Poland ... 140 ... ... ... 140 Russia ... ... 670 ... ... 670 Uruguay ... 65 ... ... ... 65 U.S.A. ... ... 211 ... 59 270 Totals 83,416 71,387 110,433 11,696 90,522 367,454 61 SHOWING THE AMOUNT OF VARIOUS FOOD PRODUCTS SURRENDERED TO OR SEIZED BY THE MEAT INSPECTORS IN THE CITY OF LONDON FOR UNSOUNDNESS. Countries. Beef in lbs. Mutton in lbs. Pork in lbs. Veal in lbs. Offal in lbs. Venison in lbs. Bacon in lbs. Cheese in lbs. Furred Game. No. Feathered Game. No. Argentine 690,295 162,457 5,837 851 59,265 .... .... .... 125 240 Australia 39,797 55,997 .... .... 8,151 1,200 .... .... 3,634 92 Austria .... 56 .... .... .... .... .... .... 402 Belgium .... .... 193 381 777 .... 74 .... 803 215 Brazil .... .... .... .... 495 .... .... .... .... Britain 29,680 23,916 45,136 8,927 296,193 999 19,193 .... 22,010 28,654 Canada 240 .... 70 .... 848 .... 8,741 .... .... .... Chile .... .... 70 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Denmark 234 .... 940 .... 6,996 .... 10,183 .... .... France .... .... .... .... .... .... 81 .... 2 218 Germany .... .... 665 .... .... .... .... .... .... Holland 260 5,621 24,124 11,468 59,552 .... 5,984 .... 1,829 1,214 Iceland .... 1,952 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Ireland .... .... 969 .... 8,810 130 499 .... 2,300 2,709 Italy .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 151 1,400 Manchuria . .... 248 112 .... .... .... .... .... .... 184 New Zealand 14,022 68,322 3,108 40 1,528 .... 24 .... .... .... Patagonia .... 66 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Russia 84 429 1,200 .... .... .... 1,610 .... 6,030 1,975 Siberia .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 607 South Africa 247 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Sweden 20 .... .... .... 200 .... 20 .... .... 446 Uruguay .... 57 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... U.S.A 200 .... 221 .... 462 .... 2,036 .... 600 372 Totals 775,079 319,121 82,645 21,667 143,277 2,329 48,445 .... 37,484 38,728 Countries. Eggs. No. Meat in Tins. No. Milk in Tins. No. Fruit in Tins. No. Turtle in lbs. Goat in lbs. Fish in lbs. Margarine in lbs. Butter in lbs. Cream in Tins. Argentine .... 667 1,048 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Australia .... 9 .... .... 1,725 .... .... .... .... .... Austria .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Belgium .... .... 1 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Brazil .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Britain 278 304 1,255 230 .... 72 554 .... .... .... Canada .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... 112 .... Chile .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Denmark .... .... 99 .... .... .... .... .... .... .... France .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Germany .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Holland .... .... 2,610 .... .... .... .... 74 .... .... Iceland .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Ireland .... .... 202 .... .... 193 .... .... .... .... Italy .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Manchuria .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... New Zealand .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Patagonia .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Russia .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... ....Siberia .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... South Africa .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Sweden .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... Uruguay .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... U.S.A .... 42 1,234 148 .... .... 18 .... .... 17 Totals 278 1,022 6,449 378 1,725 265 572 74 112 17 SUMMARY OF UNSOUND FOOD DESTROYED. Tons. Cwts. Qts. lbs. Central Markets, Smithfield 786 0 0 0 Cold Stores 56 16 3 11 Leadenhall Market and City Shops 30 7 0 21 Aldgate Market and Slaughter-houses 120 19 0 24 Total for the year 1925 994 3 1 0 Total for the year 1924 1,182 5 0 20 Total for the year 1925 994 3 1 0 Decrease 188 1 3 20 Twenty-one Naval Officers received training in meat inspection at the Central Markets, Smithfield, during the year. 62 GENERAL OBSERVATIONS ON SUBJECTS RELATING TO MEAT INSPECTION. The above report of Mr. Young calls for certain observations. It will be seen that this year all condemned meat has been sorted and classified under cause for condemnations and country of origin. In course of time this classification will prove of very considerable value. On the present occasion a reference to the following three points will be sufficient. Caseous Lymphadenitis.—In the classification of condemnations of meat received from different countries, it will be noted that Caseous Lymphadenitis was the cause in respect of 263 carcases received from Argentina, 62 from Uruguay, 10 from Chili, 9 from Holland, 9 from Australia, and 7 from New Zealand. I am not aware of the relative incidence of the disease on sheep in these different countries, but it does appear to me that the totals are far too high, notwithstanding that relatively to the total bulk they are comparatively insignificant. From Australia and New Zealand arrives more than 53 per cent, of the imported mutton and lamb and from these countries combined, only 16 cases of this disease were observed. Stricter supervision would probably reduce the number from other countries. Tuberculosis.—In connection with Argentine cattle it is interesting to note that this disease was the cause of condemnation of 132 hind quarters and only 23 fore quarters. It is true that more hindquarters are cut up at Smithfield Market than are fore quarters, but that fact would not appear to be sufficient to account for the difference between the totals. In this country more fore quarters are condemned for this disease than are hind quarters. It is impossible in imported meat to associate hinds and fores of the same animal. If that had been practicable possibly the solution of the problem might have been made clear. The affection is usually observed in one of the deep-seated glands in the hind quarters and is often of an advanced character. The matter calls for further investigation. Boned Meat.—240 parcels of boned mutton from Argentina were condemned on account of emaciation. Imported meat should be of good quality and emaciated carcases should not be boned, boning renders inspection exceedingly difficult, and increased vigilance appears to be necessary on this score. The above three items are introduced mainly with the intention of supporting the suggestion which has been previously made, that in view of the enormous amount of imported meat arriving in this country and the difficulties associated with the inspection of carcase meat, it seems desirable that an official inspector of this country should pay repeated visits to the meat-importing centres to be assured that the principles of inspection are observed and that the conditions of inspection are such as to render supervision satisfactory. Lectures on Meat Inspection.—The Report of Sir Horace Monro's Meat Inspection Committee suggested that in centres where facilities were available local authorities might assist in the spread of knowledge by arranging for educational courses of lectures to be delivered to those engaged in the work, to whom opportunities for learning the refinements of meat inspection were less readily accessible. Suitable courses were arranged at Smithfield Market for Medical Officers of Health and Sanitary Inspectors, and others. The lectures were delivered by your Medical Officer of Health, the Veterinary Surgeon, and the Senior Meat Inspector; the more junior members of the staff were also given an opportunity of demonstrating and assisting. Such subjects were dealt with as the differences between home-killed and imported meat, diseases peculiar to imported meat, parasitic diseases of animals, butchers' joints, and how they can be recognised, the location of lymphatic glands, the inspection of tinned foods, etc. These lectures were well attended, chiefly by executive officers of local authorities in the Home Counties, and in many instances appreciation of the work was communicated to the Sanitary Committee. Your Medical Officer of Health also delivered two lectures for the Chadwick Trust on "The Control of the Food Supply," and the Richardson Memorial Lecture on "The Slaughtering of Animals for Human Consumption." Mr. Young also addressed other meetings of Sanitary Inspectors, and at Cambridge, of Veterinary Surgeons. This work cannot be accepted as a routine duty and can only be undertaken on occasions. There seems to be a general desire that the courses should be continued and that, if possible, arrangements should be made for occasional demonstrations of meat condemned at Smithfield. It is hoped that during the new year it will be possible to give effect to this latter request. In addition, a series of lantern slides have been made from negatives of various interesting matters which have been in course of collection for many years past, these will be available for future demonstrations. Sheep and Pig Carcases from Poland.—In the early part of the year, a number of chilled pig carcases, and a number of lamb carcases were delivered at Smithfield Market. These 63 carcases were from Poland, and had been imported into this country via Danzig. No inspection label was attached to the carcases, but they bore stamp imprints which presumably was evidence of inspection. These impressions were made on the ears and feet of the carcases but were illegible. On examination, five of the pig carcases showed lesions of tuberculosis in the submaxillary lymph glands, and were seized. Abnormalities were observed in the same glands of three other pigs, the heads only of which, however, it was necessary to condemn. The whole consignment was slightly out of condition, probably due to the fact that the carcases had during transit, been stored in "pack" instead of being hung up as is customary with chilled carcases. Later in the year, a considerable number of Belgian sheep carcases, said to be Polish sheep transported alive to Ostend, where they were slaughtered and transhipped in a fresh state, were deposited in the Central Markets. A large number of these carcases were seized on account of their emaciated and hydræmic condition. The condition was so obvious that it was difficult to understand how they could have been passed as fit for food, and permission granted for certified labels to be attached to them. The facts were communicated to the Consul-General for Belgium, and to the Ministry of Health, in order that steps might be taken to ensure that meat imported from Poland and Belgium to this country should be examined both before and after slaughter in accordance with the Regulations operative here. Subsequently I received from the Belgian Consul an explanation of the circumstances and an assurance that the Belgian Government had "just issued definite orders to the Medical Officers of Health at Ostend and Anderlecht to refuse henceforth the Government label for carcases found in an emaciated condition." It should be added that only three pig carcases, arriving at the Central Markets from Belgium, have since been condemned up to the end of the year. THE PUBLIC HEALTH (MEAT) REGULATIONS, 1924. Meat and meat products are second only in importance to the cereals as food for the inhabitants of this country. Our climate permits the consumption of animal food throughout the year, and, despite seasonal changes which provide variations in the customary demand, meat in some form is a constant in the components of the diet of the majority of people. A review of the progressive stages through which the business of providing meat in sufficient quantity has developed in order to meet the present-day needs of the community is unnecessary. It is sufficient to say that from a parochial or domestic enterprise it has grown to one of world-wide importance and one which, with the aid of science, has produced great organizations engaged in the supply, transport and distribution of meat from both home and foreign sources. Some of the principal centres of the meat trade of this country are situated within the boundaries of the City of London. They include every branch of the operative business from the time animals are slaughtered, or (in the case of foreign meat), the carcases are landed at the wharves, to the actual delivery of meat to the consumer. Smithfield Market in 1925 received no less than 465,822 tons of meat, or a daily average of approximately 1,517 tons. These supplies included fresh meat from all parts of the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, and frozen and refrigerated meat from more distant exporting countries such as Australia, New Zealand and Argentina. The City wharves, cold stores and railway depots, with auxiliary systems of transport, act as means by which meat reaches the market, from whence it is subsequently distributed by road and rail throughout London and the Home Counties. The subjects of meat inspection and distribution in an area of such conditions, have always received the close attention of the City Corporation, and the extent of the responsibility entailed may be realized when it is known, in addition to the quantities of meat received, how varied are the sources of supply and the methods of transport employed in the business which include all kinds of vehicles, from hygienically planned and specially constructed vans, to open hand barrows. Normal deteriorative changes are accelerated by the manipulation which is necessarily incidental to the marketing and carrying of such a perishable commodity, particularly during the warm weather ; it is, therefore, essential that precautions should be taken to reduce contamination to a minimum. The conditions under which meat has been handled in the past have been known to be far from satisfactory. The Sanitary Committee found that no powers existed under which i 2 64 any radical improvements could be effected and representations were made to the Ministry of Health with a view to securing authority to deal with this branch of food hygiene. After due consideration of the recommendations of the Departmental Committee on Meat Inspection, the Public Health (Meat) Regulations, 1924, made under the Public Health (Regulations as to Food) Act, 1907, were published. They contain provisions relating to slaughtering, slaughterhouses, meat marking, stalls, shops, and stores, transport and handling, and became operative on 1st April, 1925. Before the Regulations became operative I was instructed by the Sanitary Committee to report upon the various ways in which the City would be affected, and whether any changes would be necessary in view of the additional responsibilities which would be placed upon the Corporation as the Authority charged with their administration. A detailed report on these matters, and under the several headings dealt with in the Regulations, was presented on 24th March, 1925, and, subsequently, approved. (Monthly Report No. 275.) In view of the special conditions prevailing in the City, together with the fact that meat transport may be going on in one or more of the areas used for meat traffic at any time during the day or night, it was deemed advisable to appoint an inspector to supervise this work. Instructions were given by the Sanitary Committee to advertise the Regulations to all persons concerned and the following steps were accordingly taken:— (a) Conferences were held with representatives of— The London Central Markets Association. The London Cartage and Haulage Contractors' Association. The Carcase Butchers' Association. The Railway Clearing House. Meat Porters, and Other wholesale and retail trade organizations. At these interviews the Regulations were discussed, and, where necessary, explained, in so far as they applied to the various interests concerned. A gratifying willingness to assist in the administration was shown by all, and the result was that, where changes were necessary, a certain degree of uniformity was secured which would otherwise have been almost impossible of attainment by the date of commencement, and disorganization of arrangements which had existed hitherto was reduced to a minimum. (b) Copies of Part VI. of the Regulations, relating to transport and handling of meat, were sent by post to 1,356 licensed meat porters, special attention being drawn to the clause which requires every person who carries meat while so occupied to wear a clean and washable overall and head covering, and to the need for taking reasonably necessary precautions to protect meat from contamination. (c) Copies of Part VI. of the Regulations were sent by post to 66 firms of meat carriers. (d) Copies of Parts V. and VI. of the Regulations, relating to meat shops and stores and to transport and handling were sent to 108 City meat traders. (e) Poster copies of Part VI. of the Regulations were printed and displayed, in prominent positions, at Smithfield Market. (f) Poster copies of Part VI. of the Regulations were printed in Yiddish and displayed at Aldgate Market for the information of Jewish butchers, and others who frequent that market. The occupiers of the wholesale shops assisted in this matter by permitting the posters to be displayed on their premises, there being no convenient positions in the public thoroughfare for this purpose. (g) In addition to the foregoing, 301 letters drawing attention to specific infringements were sent to persons or firms concerned, and 69 copies of the Regulations were forwarded to other persons whose names had not been included in the lists above-mentioned. Owing to some misapprehension having arisen as to the scope of the Regulations, in certain respects, the Ministry of Health issued an explanatory circular (No. 604) on 12th June, 1925. The two most important matters dealt with, were the definition of meat, and the application of the requirements to shops and stalls. The word meat, according to this memorandum, is intended to apply to the raw and untreated edible parts of the carcases of slaughtered cattle, swine, sheep, and goats, and not 65 to rabbits, poultry, fish, butter, margarine, and cheese, and it is considered that Local Authorities might also properly treat cooked meat, lard, sausages, and other preparations of, or containing, meat, as outside the scope of the Regulations. It is to be regretted that cooked meat is excluded as any contamination of such food, either by dirt or by flies, is even more objectionable than in the case of raw meat which is is cooked before being consumed. In the second instance, it is stated that the clause relating to the prevention of mud, filth, or other contaminating substance, being splashed or blown on meat in shops and stores, should not be construed as requiring all butchers' shops to be fitted with glass fronts ; and the precautions which it may be reasonable to require must depend upon the circumstances of individual cases, the same general standard of freedom from contamination being aimed at both for shops and for stalls. It will be observed, from these statements, that stalls are the stumbling block to any compulsory glazing of butchers' shop fronts. There is, however, a noticeable tendency on the part of butchers so to improve their premises voluntarily. This factor is not ignored by discriminating purchasers and those retailers who take the greatest care in the display of their meat do not perhaps suffer in consequence. Considerable improvements can be secured under the Regulations as at present applicable and both the foregoing matters may receive later consideration by the Ministry of Health. The following details give particulars of the special enquiries and general routine work carried out in the City since the commencement of the Regulations:— (1) Butchers' Shops.—An inspection has been made of all butchers' shops and the information obtained tabulated under suitable headings. Defects of an urgent nature were remedied at once, and a general compliance with the Regulations secured. The question of method of display at these premises has for the time being been left in abeyance. (2) Leadenhall Market.—Inspections here revealed a serious shortage of sanitary accommodation and lavatory facilities for the employees at butchers' shops and other premises. After considering the matter the Sanitary Committee referred it to the appropriate Committee for consideration. (3) Smithfield Market.—(a) The practice of permitting unwrapped meat to stand on open barrows, outside the market, for considerable periods, preparatory to loading on carriers' vehicles, and also the dirty condition of the barrows, so used, constituted a generally prevalent contravention, which received special attention, and on the instructions of the Sanitary Committee, all known firms of meat carriers were communicated with and requested to take steps to protect meat standing outside the market, and to maintain the barrows in a cleanly condition. (b) Special observation was made of the conditions under which meat, delivered to the market in insulated vans, was handled, and of the methods of pitching. The routine work included the inspection of butchers' shops and the methods of transport and handling of meat at:— Smithfield, Aldgate and Leadenhall Markets. Brewers' and Custom House Quays, Lower Thames Street. L. & N. E. Railway Depot, Farringdon Street. G. W. Railway Depot, Smithfield. L. M. & S. Railway Depot, Broad Street. Liverpool Street Station. Visits were also made from time to time to other Railway Depots and Stations for the purpose of ensuring that the Regulations were observed in connection with consignments of meat received there. A general observation was kept on vehicles used for the carrying of meat at all the abovementioned centres and in the City streets. Any circumstances noted, bearing upon the subjects under review, were duly reported for consideration. The conditions observed suggested that it would be preferable to apply general principles, rather than detailed requirements, in order to obtain the best results The purpose of the transport and handling clauses is to ensure that meat is protected from contamination at all stages. A strict application of the most efficient measures to secure this at the commencement would have involved considerable inconvenience, and expense, particularly in the case of vehicles. It would have been unreasonable to require a 66 wholesale replacement, or reconstruction, of these conveyances, and certain efficient alternatives were, therefore, recognised as temporarily satisfactory. The following examples may be mentioned:— Covered vehicles, with openings at the back or front, should be provided with a waterproof sheet, attached to the top of the vehicle, and capable of being placed in position to close the opening during the carrying of meat. A detachable sheet of washable material should be suspended on the inside to prevent the waterproof sheet coming into contact with meat carried. Open vehicles should be provided with a washable inner cloth to enclose the meat, and with a waterproof outer cover large enough to afford adequate protection to the open portion of the conveyance. Hand barrows should be provided with sufficient washable covering material to protect the underneath as well as the sides and top of meat carried ; a stout waterproof sheet should be used as an outer cover. If the barrow be close-boarded underneath and at the sides an inner and outer top covering will suffice if securely attached. The insides of all vehicles used for carrying meat should have smooth surfaces, be free from crevices and clean. Straw, owing to its doubtful origin, is not considered suitable for use on the floors of meat vehicles unless covered with a washable cloth to prevent the straw coming into contact with the meat carried. The floors of large vehicles should be provided with wooden racks to form a false bottom, the racks to be progressively lowered into position as loading proceeds. A washable cloth, if unrolled as required, may meet requirements, if the use of racks is found impracticable. Impervious linings should be used in all vehicles carrying offal. Cut surfaces of bacon should be protected, during transit, and vehicles used for transport of bacon and hams should conform to the requirements for meat vehicles as to the use of straw for floor covering and packing. The requirements relating to the wearing of overalls should apply to all persons engaged in the handling of meat, including the drivers of railway and other vans delivering meat to the market who assist in the unloading of meat. The expression "in or about a market" includes the vicinity in which loading and unloading take place, and the area served by vehicles used entirely for market purposes. At wharves and railway depots men handling meat should wear overalls as a precaution against the exposure of meat to contamination Some progress has been made and, although, a reluctance was at first manifest in sections of the less responsible elements to comply with certain of the requirements, they have, on the whole, been well carried out. In October, the Sanitary Committee considered the time had arrived when more serious notice should be taken of infringements and accordingly legal proceedings were authorised. The cases selected for prosecution consisted of two groups—vehicle offences, and the absence of any overall and head covering by persons carrying meat. Penalties were inflicted in each case. Difficulties are always experienced in the early stages of administration of progressive health measures, and the Public Health (Meat) Regulations have proved no exception to this rule. The policy in the City has been to avoid anything in the nature of unreasonable official action, and to concentrate upon those matters which most urgently needed attention, the less serious aspects being left for subsequent consideration. A continuous improvement should be seen now it is realised that compliance will be enforced, if necessary. It is expected that co-operation will be obtained without coercion, and the Regulations will come to be recognised as a help, rather than a hindrance to the best interests of the meat trade generally. TUBERCULOSIS ORDER (No. 2), 1925.—MEAT INSPECTION. The Tuberculosis Order of 1925 (No. 2), made by the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, in August last, amended the Tuberculosis Order, 1925, which came into operation on the 1st September. This latter Order provided for the slaughter of animals affected with certain specified forms of Tuberculosis. 67 By reason of Article 7 of the Public Health (Meat) Regulations, 1924, the provision of the Regulations as to the notice of slaughtering, etc., would not apply in the case of an animal slaughtered in pursuance of the 1925 Tuberculosis Order, and the No. 2 Order has been issued to provide that notice of intention to slaughter shall be given to the Sanitary Authority, as well as to the owner of the animal, in instances where it is intended that the carcase or any part thereof shall be disposed of for human consumption, and further, that no part of the carcase shall be removed from the premises for that purpose except with the permission in writing of the Medical Officer of Health, or other competent officer. The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries have expressed the opinion to all Local Authorities, under the Diseases of Animals Act in Great Britain, that sufficient time should be allowed to elapse before the animal is slaughtered, to enable the Medical Officer of Health, or other competent officer to be present at the post mortem examination. The Ministry of Health has emphasised the necessity of advantage being taken of the opportunity thus offered. In view of the fact that the animals affected by this Order are known, or believed, to be affected by tuberculosis, it is essential that particular attention should be paid to their inspection before any parts of the carcase, or organs, are passed for human consumption. The criteria which should guide the inspecting officers are set out in Memorandum No. 63 /Foods, which was issued by the Ministry of Health in 1922. CENTRAL MARKETS, SMITHFIELD. *Table showing the average deliveries at the Central Meat Market, and other details or successive quinquennial periods during the past 52 years:— Quinquennium. Annual Average General Supply. Seizures by Inspectors % of Unsound Meat. Tons. cwts. qrs. Tons. cwts. qrs. 1874.1878 178,373 10 0 192 18 2 .108 1879.1883 218,200 12 3 282 11 2 .129 1884.1888 249,580 19 2 248 1 2 .099 1889.1893 304,986 5 1 461 15 1 .151 1894.1898 372,440 12 2 749 3 3 .201 1899.1903 410,456 18 1 1,082 13 2 .263 1904.1908 414,906 11 1 1,584 19 3 .382 1909.1913 427,146 0 0 1,520 2 3 .356 1914.1918 324,715 0 0 1.370 11 2 .422 1919.1923 403,364 10 0 1.849 19 0 .459 1924.1925 471,671 0 0 1,119 5 1 .237 *The sources of origin of the Central Markets Supplies during the past five years are here expressed in terms per cent. of the total annual deliveries. British. American. Australian and New Zealand. Per cent. Country Killed. Per cent. Town Killed. Per cent. †froreign Killed. Per cent. Home Killed. Per cent. American Killed.‡ Per cent. 1921 14.1 4.9 6.7 2.1 41.3 30.9 1922 14.7 4.3 9.7 1.7 42.0 27.6 1923 14.7 5.1 9.6 0.6 47.7 22.3 1924 16.6 5.2 10.6 0.3 48.4 18.9 1925 14.4 4.9 13.7 1.0 47.5 18.5 †Includes "General Foreign Meat and Produce." ‡Includes South American Imports. *The following figures supplied by the Superintendent of the Market are of interest. 1921. 1922. 1923. 1924. 1925. Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. Average daily delivery into the Markets 1,389 1,513 1,532 1,560 1,517 ‡Minimum delivery on any one day 101 142 169 181 147 Maximum delivery on any one day 3,537 3,659 3,411 4,775 5,160 The heaviest weight previously recorded on any one day (22nd December, 1924) was— 4,775 tons. ‡The minimum deliveries relate to Saturdays when practically no wholesale business at the Market is carried out. One ton in every 416 tons of meat paying toll in the Central Markets, Smithfield, was condemned last year, as compared with one ton in 384 in 1924. * I am indebted to the Clerk and Superintendent of the Central Markets for the figures relating to the market supplies, sources of origin, &c. 68 Table showing Weight of Meat delivered, and Meat delivered to Contractors as unsound, during each Month of the Years 1924 and 1925. Month. Meat delivered at the Market, 1924. Unsound Meat delivered to Contractors, 1924. Meat delivered at the Market, 1925. Unsound Meat delivered to Contractors, 1925. Tons cwts. qrs. Tons cwts. qrs. Tons cwts. qrs. Tons cwts. qrs. January 43,343 0 0 91 19 0 41,071 0 0 71 10 2 February 38,573 0 0 65 7 0 36,712 0 0 68 10 1 March 40,153 0 0 91 0 3 39,914 0 0 81 2 0 April 39,324 0 0 116 4 2 39,712 0 0 74 12 1 May 41,625 0 0 98 8 0 36,293 0 0 78 1 3 June 37,489 0 0 129 19 2 35,603 0 0 87 16 3 July 41,707 0 0 133 18 3 38,347 0 0 102 10 2 August 35,397 0 0 100 4 3 34,097 0 0 72 0 3 September 39,505 0 0 105 17 0 38,559 0 0 111 12 1 October 44,253 0 0 125 19 1 41,008 0 0 102 8 2 November 33,143 0 0 84 12 2 40,424 0 0 74 12 2 December 43,008 0 0 100 16 1 44,082 0 0 69 5 1 Totals 477,520 0 0 1,244 7 1 465,822 0 0 994 3 1 FISH SUPPLIES. 219,484 tons of fish, of which 193,782 were land-borne and 25,702 water-borne, were received at or near Billingsgate Market during the year. This was an increase of 3,694 tons in the land deliveries, and an increase of 4,068 tons in the deliveries by water. MONTHLY FISH RETURNS. *Table showing Weight of Fish Delivered, Fish seized as Unsound, and Percentage of Fish Condemned to that Delivered, at or near Billingsgate Market, and on board boats lying off that place, during each month of the year 1925. Month. Weight of Fish Delivered. Total. Weight of Fish Condemned. Ratio of Fish Condemned to that Delivered. By Land. By Water. J anuary Tons. cwts. Tons. cwts. Tons. cwts. Tons. cwts. qrs. Per Cent. 15,330 9 1,891 5 17,221 14 87 2 3 1 ton in 197.638 tons or 0-505 February 15,011 17 1,471 15 16,483 12 99 6 3 1 „ 165.934 „ 0.602 March 16,662 16 2,411 10 19,074 6 112 2 2 1 „ 170.112 „ 0.587 April 15,593 0 2,174 0 17,767 0 125 14 0 1 „ 137.360 ,, 0.707 May 16,673 15 1,769 18 18,443 13 159 18 2 1 „ 115.326 „ 0.867 June 16,029 16 2.051 4 18,081 0 222 9 1 1 „ 81.277 „ 1.230 July 17,218 15 2,263 12 19,482 7 251 8 0 1 77.495 „ 1.290 August 15,941 18 2,650 9 18,592 7 285 12 0 1 „ 66.099 „ 1.536 September 16,405 11 2,553 0 18,958 11 159 19 0 1 „ 118.527 „ 0.843 October 17,096 6 2,735 0 19,831 6 164 19 1 1 „ 120.217 „ 0.831 November 16,000 19 2,305 0 18,305 19 103 2 2 1 „ 177.512 „ 0.563 December 15,816 14 1,425 19 17,242 13 50 6 1 1 ,, 342.711 ,, 0.291 Totals 193,781 16 25,702 12 219,484 8 1,822 0 3 1 „ 113.601 „ 0.832 Compiled from thr monthly returns from thr fishmongers' company. Weight of Fish Delivered, Fish seized as Unsound, and percentage of Fish Condemned to that Delivered, at or near Billingsgate Market during 1925 and the five years 1920—1924. Year. Weight of Fish Delivered. Total. Weight of Fish Condemned. Ratio of Fish Condemned to that Delivered. By Land. By Water. Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. cwts. qrs. 1920 231,866 19,622 251,488 2,720 17 2 1 ton in 92.425 tons, or 1.081 % 1921 198,839 28,658 227,497 2,580 17 1 1 „ 88.089 ,, 1.134 ,, 1922 210,914 31,471 242,385 2,259 10 0 1 „ 107.273 „ 0.932 „ 1923 211,736 27,479 239,215 2,007 3 3 1 „ 119.178 „ 0.839 „ 1924 190,088 21,634 211,722 1,617 7 2 1 „ 130.933 „ 0.763 „ Average (5 years) 208,689 25,773 234,462 11,185 16 0 1 ton in 107.579 tons or 0.950% 1925 193,782 25,702 219,484 1,822 0 3 1 ton in 113.601 tons or 0.832% 69 INSPECTION OF FOOD AT CITY WHARVES. The duty of supervision of food at the Wharves is undertaken by Mr. T. L. Davies, and the following is a summary of the chief products coming under observation:— SUMMARY OF FOOD DISCHARGED AT CITY WHARVES. Article Where from. Description of Total Number of General Range of Packages. Packages. Weight of Packages. Batter Holland Boxes and Casks 93,726 6 lbs.—1 cwt. Bacon Bales 64,527 2 cwts.—3 cwts. Cheese, loose Single Cheeses 104,065 4 lbs.—14 lbs. „ ,, Packages 233,586 24 lbs.—1cwt. Eggs ,, Cases 66,558 1 cwt.—1 cwt. 2 qrs. Lard „ Boxes 31,458 28 lbs.—56 lbs. Compound „ ,, 14,854 56 lbs. Margarine .... ,, Boxes and Cases 711,823 12 lbs.—56 lbs. Cereals— Barley „ Bags 5,557 100 lbs.—1 cwt. 2 qrs. Beans 1,946 1 cwt.—2 cwts. Peas „ „ 8,581 1 cwt.—1 cwt. 3 qrs. Rice Japan „ 60 2 cwts. Coffee E. Africa and Costa Rica „ 30,184 1 cwt. 2 qrs. Cocoa & Chocolate E. Africa, Ceylon and Bags and Cases 28,001 28 lbs.—2 cwts. Holland. Fruit (Soft)— Apples Australia, Canada, Packages 54,079 40 lbs.—2 cwts. U.S.A. and Holland Peaches Holland Baskets 146 10 lbs. Bananas Canary Islands Crates 125 1cwt. Plums Holland Packages 3,288 12 lbs.—40 lbs. Pears „ „ 3,217 12 lbs.—40 lbs. Cranberries ,, Cases 4,410 28 lbs. Currants „ Packages 8,387 7 lbs.—40 lbs. Gooseberries „ „ 19,302 40 lbs.—100 lbs. Strawberries „ „ 293,303 7 lbs.—12 lbs. Bilberries „ Baskets 5,580 7 lbs. Cherries „ „ 22,235 12 lbs.—40 lbs. Rhubarb „ Bundles 6,220 28 lbs.—56 lbs. Fruit (Dried)— Currants Australia, S. Africa and Packages 791,183 28 lbs.—56 lbs. Greece. Raisins Australia, S. Africa, „ 334,719 8 lbs.—56 lbs. Greece, Spain and California. Sultanas Australia, S. Africa, „ 174,714 28 lbs.—56 lbs. Greece, Smyrna and California. Plums California Cases 23,634 24 lbs. Apricots „ , 350 24 lbs. Peaches „ „ 900 21 lbs. Pears „ „ 500 24 lbs. Evaporated Apples „ „ 319 56 lbs. Figs Greece, Smyrna and Packages 79,938 28 lbs.—4 cwts. Spain. Dates Egypt Boxes 2,266 50 lbs. Fruit (Green)— Oranges Jaffa, Italy and Spain Packages 331,103 56 lbs.—1 cwt. 1 qr. Lemons „ „ ,, 282,679 56 lbs.—1 cwt. Grapes Holland and Spain „ 162,584 12 lbs.—40 lbs. Melons „ „ „ 10,624 40 lbs.—1 cwt. Pomegranates Spain „ 4,400 1 cwt. 1 qr. Vegetables— CauliflowersHolland Packages 17,550 24 lbs.—40 lbs. Cucumbers ,, ,, 63,607 12 lbs.—40 lbs. Cabbages ,, ,, 19,671 1 cwt. Carrots ,, „ 28,974 40 lbs.—1 cwt. 1 qr. Lettuces ,, „ 81,695 12 lbs.—28 lbs. Sprouts „ Bags 1,767 100 lbs. Potatoes ,, „ 379,161 100 lbs. Parsnips „ „ 743 1 cwt. Onions Holland and Spain Bags and Cases 291,531 1 cwt.—1 cwt. 1 qr. Radishes Holland Packages 841 28 lbs. Tomatoes Holland and Spain ,, 344,376 12 lbs.—56 lbs. Beetroots Holland Bags 1,596 1 cwt. Beans „ Packages 4,219 40 lbs.—100 lbs. Sugar„ Cases and Bags 145,132 1 cwt.—2 cwts. 70 Description of Total Number of General Range 01 Artlde Where from- Packages. Packages. Weight of Packages. Tinned Goods— Apricots California Cases 3,313 48 lbs. Fruit Pulp Spain ,, 11,887 100 lbs. Vegetables Italy and Spain „ 15,051 50 lbs.—100 lbs. Tomatoes Italy „ 50,817 50 lbs.—100 lbs. Loganberries California „ 400 48 lbs. Cherries Italy „ 28,480 50 lbs. Pears California ,, 20,147 48 lbs. Pines Singapore „ 5,750 48 lbs. Peaches California „ 7,730 48 lbs. Fruit Salad „ „ 3,450 48 lbs. Condensed Milk Holland „ 606,073 48 lbs. Anchovies Spain „ 238 56 lbs. Sardines Portugal „ 7,578 56 lbs.—1 cwt. Corned Beef Argentine ,, 13,878 72 lbs. Crayfish S.Africa ,, 800 48 lbs. Salmon U.S.A. „ 4,253 48 lbs. Macaroni Italy „ 124,561 28 lbs. Nuts (Various) Italy, Spain, Turkey „ 44,695 28 lbs.— 2 cwts. and China. Milk Powder Holland Packages 3,761 50 lbs.—1 cwt. Milk Sugar „ Cases 450 100 lbs. Ginger (Pres.) China Casks and Cases 221 30 lbs.— 3 cwts. Vegetables Holland Casks 4,494 3 cwts.—3 cwts. 2 qrs. (In Brine). Miscellaneous— Carraway Seeds Holland Bags 2,513 1 cwt. 1 qr. Confectionery Holland and Turkey Packages 8,147 56 lbs.—I cwt. Liquorice Italy „ 1,625 1 cwt.—3 cwts. Cocoa Butter Holland ,, 6,736 1 cwt.—1 cwt. 2 qrs. Block Condensed Switzerland Cases 200 48 lbs. Milk Fruit Pulp Holland Casks 608 4 cwts. Crystallized Italy Cases 22 2 cwts. Cherries Sugar Candy Holland Packages 3,894 28 lbs.—56 lbs. Egg Yolk China Casks 1,665 3 cwts.—4 cwts. Honey Holland Cases 510 1 cwt. Cream „ Churns 122 1 cwt. Beef Dripping Argentine Casks 60 3 cwts, 2 qrs. Cocoanuts Ceylon Bags 1,333 1 cwt. Dried Orange Italy Cases 15 56 lbs. Peel Biscuits Holland „ .3,976 1 cwt.—1 cwt. 2 qrs Caviar Russ ,, 10 60 lbs. CONDEMNATION OF FOOD INSPECTED AT RIVERSIDE WHARVES. As a result of the daily inspections of City Wharves, 110 loads of unsound food were removed from these places during the year by the Cleansing Department. The material so disposed of comprised:— Tons. cwts. qr«. Tinned Fruit, Vegetables and Fish 63 18 0 Condensed Milk (removed at request of owners) 10 0 Fruit Pulp 14 12 1 Fruit (various) 10 19 1 Vegetables (various) 33 7 0 Miscellaneous 2 9 3 Total 125 16 1 A portion of the above was removed at the request of the owners. 71 floors being let as shops. The Buildings contain 501 rooms, arranged in 241 tenements, and are occupied by 777 persons, compared with 780 in 1924. 73 per cent. are adults and 27 percent. children (under 14 years). The number of births was 6, viz., 3 males and 3 females. The birth-rate was 7.7 per 1,000, which is 6.2 per 1,000 below the average for the previous five years. The death-rate for 1925 was 13 per 1,000 per annum. The number of deaths of children under one year, per 1,000 births, was nil, as against 60 for the City generally. TABLE OF BIRTHS AND DEATHS OCCURRING AT THE ARTIZANS' DWELLINGS, STONEY LANE, HOUNDSDITCH, DURING THE YEAR 1925. Namb of Block. Births. Mortality from all Causes at subjoined ages. Male. Female. At all ages. Under 1 year. 1 and under 5. 5 and under 15. 15 and under 25. 25 and under 65. 65 and upwards. NORTH BLOCK 1 1 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... SOUTH ... 1 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... KING'S 1 ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 ... QUEEN'S „ ... .... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... PRINCE'S „ 1 1 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Totals 3 3 ... ... ... ... ... 1 ... The birth-rate in these Dwellings reached a maximum of 46.9 per 1,000 in 1896, and ha since been falling irregularly, but almost progressively. The rate last year was 6.4. The baths, provided for the use of tenants of these Buildings, which were opened in May, 1904, continue to be extensively used, the number of persons bathing during 1925 being 11,091, of whom 4,069 were males and 7,022 were females. The accompayning table is compiled from the monthly records of attendances at the baths RECORD OF ATTENDANCES AT THE BATHS, ARTIZANS' DWELLINGS. Month. Sex. Total.  Males. Females. Children. Adults. Children. Adults. January 120 221 138 548 1,027 February 104 210 141 402 857 March 92 223 136 419 870 April 138 220 141 426 925 May 99 272 182 593 1,146 June 88 255 213 419 975 July 132 273 260 528 1,193 August 127 245 193 508 1,073 September 139 199 143 374 855 October 106 247 119 495 967 November 104 200 52 322 678 December 107 138 29 251 525 Totals 1,366 2,703 1,737 5,285 11,091 K2 72 CITY MORTUARY. Bodies Received—Post-Mortems and Inquests:— Bodies received at the Mortuary to await burial l50 Post-Mortem examinations made 60 Inquests held on bodies 139 Inquests held on fires 1 The following tabulation shows the work carried at the Mortuary and Coroner's Court during the past five years:— Year. Articles disinfected. Bodies received at the Mortuary. Inquests held on bodies. Inquests held on Fires.  1920 549,829 172 158 9 1921 579,384 153 140 25 1922 760,860 135 114 15 1923 355,657 149 128 1 1924 481,391 160 145 0 Average for previous 5 years 545,408 154 137 10 1925 493,813 150 139 0 Disinfection—Trade.—In accordance with the requirements of the South African Government, the disinfection of second-hand clothing, prior to export to that country, has been carried on as usual. The following table gives the details of the work of disinfection carried out at the Disinfection Station during the year in connection with the export trade:— Number of Certificates issued. Number of articles disinfected. Fees received by the Corporation.  1,199 493,813 £1,535 Disinfection—Infectious Diseases:— Articles disinfected after cases of infectious disease 4,730 Public Vehicles—Electric Ambulance 2 Police Litter 1 Taxi Cab 1 Cleansing of Persons Act, 1897:— Number of verminous persons bathed 12 Cleansing of School Children:— Total number of children cleansed 927 Disinfection of Clothing of Post Office Staff suffering from Infectious Diseases.—It is the customary practice, in the City, to disinfect free of charge, articles of clothing temporarily left in offices, etc., by persons who are, for the time being, absent due to having contracted any infectious disease. This practice has not, in the past, been applied to clothing left in Post Office buildings by members of the Government service, such work having been carried out by private arrangement. A request has now been received that the Corporation will in future undertake the work on behalf of the Government. In view of the fact that a contribution is made by the Crown towards the rates in respect of Crown property in the City, the facilities have been made accessible to the Crown in the same way as they are to other ratepayers. Preservation of Bodies of Unknown Dead.—The De Rechter apparatus for the preservation of the dead, installed at the City Mortuary, in March, 1909, was fully described in the Annual Report of that year. It has proved of considerable assistance in connection with the identification of persons found drowned in the River Thames. During the year, three bodies were placed in the apparatus and of these two were subsequently identified. Fire Inquests.—Dr. W. J. Waldo, J.P., Coroner for the City of London informs me that he has investigated personally, during the year 1925, under the City of London Fire Inquests Act, 1888, 186 City Fires, of which number he has satisfied himself as regards the origin and cause of the fire in 184 cases, without holding a public inquest with a jury. In the remaining two cases, a public inquest with a jury, has been held before him concerning (1) the death of a Fireman, and (2) the origin and cause, and all the circumstances (including construction of fire exits) of the fire at which the deceased fireman was killed whilst on duty in putting out the fire. The two inquests are as follows:— (1) Inquest held on September 21st, 1925, at the City Coroner's Court, concerning the death of Valentine George Sinden, aged 37, a sub-officer of the London Fire Brigade, whose sudden death by means of electrocution was due to defective electrical lighting installation at Byron House, Nos. 2 and 4, Finsbury Street, E.C., and to failure of cutting off the electric current at the meter at the fire at which deceased was at work at the time of his death. No Fire Card or Poster of the 73 Coroner's, containing this advice, and published by the City Corporation for distribution had ever been seen or heard of by any of the tenants and employees at Byron House. (2) Inquest, held on 21st September, 1925, concerning the origin, cause, and all the circumstances at the burning on the 18th September, of Byron House, Nos. 2 and 4, Finsbury Street, City, E.C., at which the jury returned a unanimous verdict to the effect that the cause of the fire was unknown, and calling the attention of the City Corporation to the defective electrical installation and the need of such being brought up to date. The Coroner in his Statutory report on the fire, to the Lord Mayor and Home Secretary, suggested that the Regulations of the Institute of Electrical Engineers, for the Electrical Equipment of Buildings, should be made compulsory throughout the City of London. SANITARY INSPECTIONS. The following is a statement of the work of the Sanitary Inspectors in their several Districts during each month of the year:— WEST DISTRICT—Inspector F. J. Robbins. Month. Premises Inspected. Orders issued. Notices served. Improvements effected.  January 141 4 5 9 February 246 4 4 7 March 233 3 3 22 April 304 7 60 16 May 239 28 5 28 June 230 4 23 50 July 201 2 3 23 August 300 5 5 30 September 155 5 4 24 October 264 5 4 26 November 236 5 3 22 December 178 4 2 2 Totals 2,727 76 121 259 MIDDLE DISTRICT—Inspector E. J. Simmons. Month. Premises Inspected. Orders issued. Notices served. Improvements effected.  January 145 8 1 13 February 259 3 12 24 March 251 6 8 26 April 296 2 7 21 May 225 6 4 28 June 214 6 10 23 July 134 3 — 41 August 291 3 5 28 September 297 4 5 20 October 272 6 9 35 November 245 4 8 31 December 332 7 6 41 Totals 2,961 58 75 331 EAST DISTRICT—Inspector W. H. Ralph. Month Premises inspected. Orders issued. Notices served. Improvements effected.  January 137 8 2 21 February 273 3 11 33 March 263 5 10 48 April 275 6 30 35 May 243 13 9 21 June 237 7 14 33 July 192 4 12 24 August 168 2 7 11 September 261 5 4 26 October 257 5 10 £9 November 223 5 9 26 December 357 3 8 30 Totals 2,886 66 126 347 THE FOREGOING ARE SUMMARISED AS UNDER:- District. Number of inspections made. Orders issued. Notices served. Improvements effected.  West 2,727 76 121 259 Middle 2,961 58 75 331 East 2,886 66 126 347 Totals 8,574 200 322 937 74 registered lodging houses. Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Sec. 94. The Corporation, as the Sanitary Authority in the City, are required, under the provisions of Sec. 94 of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, to make and enforce Bye-laws applying to houses let in lodgings or occupied by members of more than one family for the following purposes:— For regulating the number of persons and separation of the sexes. For the registration and inspection of such houses. For enforcing drainage and promoting cleanliness and ventilation. For the cleansing and limewashing of the premises at stated times. For the taking of precautions in any case of infectious disease. The Bye-laws now in force in the City for this class of property were made by the Court of Common Council on 24th November, 1904, and confirmed by the Local Government Board on the 20th January, 1905. Unfurnished lodgings, when the rent is not less than 10s. a week, and furnished lodgings when the rent is not less than 12s. 6d. a week, are exempt from the operations of the Bye-laws. Particulars relating to the registered Lodging-houses in the City now on the Register are given in the accompanying table:— District. Number of Houses on .Register. Number of Lodgers. Number of Tenements. Average Number of Persons per Tenement. Cleansing Notices Served.  West 72 496 196 2.5 93 Middle 3 24 15 1.6 3 East 49 246 128 1.9 28 Total .... 124 766 339 2.2 124 These houses are periodically inspected, and in April of each year the landlords are called upon to carry out a thorough cleansing of them, in accordance with the provisions of the Bye-laws. This necessitated the service of 124 notices during 1925. In addition to the foregoing, there are eleven blocks of Dwellings let out in tenements, but not placed on the Register for the reason that each holding is "self-contained," it having been decided in a Court of Law that in these circumstances they are not subject to the Byelaws for houses let in lodgings, or occupied by members of more than one family:— No. of Tenements. No. of Name and situation of Artisans' Block Dwellings. One Two Three Four Five Inhabi- Room. Room Rooms. Rooms. Room .tants. or more. | WEST DISTRICT. Albion Buildings, No. 21, Bartholomew ... 9 .... .... ... 21 Albion Buildings, No. 22, Bartholomew Close ... 10 ... ... .... 16 Bartholomew House, Bartholomew Clos 14 3 .... ... ... 30 Dean Street Blocks, Fetter Lane— Block A 2 7 ... ... ... 19 „ B 3 2 .... 1 ... 12 „ C 4 2 .... 1 ... 18 „ D 6 3 17 „ E 8 2 16 „ F 4 4 ... ... ... 15 St. Ann's Chambers, Ludgate Hill 4 12 ... 1 .... 30 Bloomfield House, Snow Hill ... 19 ... .... 45 Total (Six " Blocks ") 45 72 ... 3 .... 239 MIDDLE DISTRICT Bridgewater House, Fann Street ... 12 .... ... .... 17 City Buildings, Moor Lane ... 20 12 ... .... 81 Total (Two *' Blocks ") ... 32 ... 12 ... 98 EAST DISTRICT Harrow Alley and Stoney Lane— North Block 48 8 217 South „ 5 22 13 178 Prince's „ 5 50 .... .... .... 167 Queen's „ 5 40 5 .... .... 160 King's „ 8 16 16 158 Barker's Buildings, Catherine Wheel Alley, Bishopsgate 11 5 2 2 .... 42 Total (Two " Blocks ") 34 181 44 2 .... 923 These ten blocks contain 425 tenements, and are inhabited by 1,260 persons—an average of 2.9 persons to each tenement. 75 Common Lodging-House, 116, Middlesex Street.—The above premises, which are known as the "Salvation Army Working Men's Hotel and Shelter," and is the only common lodginghouse in the City, was opened on the 7th February, 1906. It was utilised during the War as a Soldiers' Hostel, but is now again in use as a common lodging-house. The premises are periodically inspected, and always found to be well kept and in a generally satisfactory condition. Neglect to comply with Water-closet Bye-laws.—No instance of neglect in this respect has occurred during the year under review. Drainage Plans.—In the course of the year 223 plans were submitted with regard to proposed reconstruction of water-closets or drains in the City. Of these, 209 were approved; 5 revised and approved; and 9 not approved. Street Gullies.—The gradual substitution of properly trapped gullies for those formerly existing has greatly reduced the number of complaints received of offensive smells arising from those appliances, especially in warm weather. In some cases this nuisance was doubtless due to want of flushing, but in the majority faulty construction was the cause of the trouble. The City Engineer has given special attention to this matter for several years past, and his action in replacing the old pattern gullies with those of a more up-to-date design will, I hope, eventually lead to a complete abatement of the evil. Overcrowding.—Overcrowding is a nuisance to be dealt with summarily under Section 2, Sub-section 1 (e) of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, and during the year one case was reported by your officers. On the service of the statutory notice of abatement the overcrowding was discontinued. Sanitary Defects and Infectious Disease.—In every case of notification of infectious disease, the premises involved were inspected with regard to the drainage system, water supply, ventilation, &c.; and of the 132 cases so investigated in 1925, it was found necessary to make amendments to soil and waste pipes, water-closets, &c., in 40 instances. House, Trade and other Refuse Removal.—The City Engineer informs me that the refuse removed from the City in 1925 consisted of 21,945 cartloads of street sweepings and slops, and 44,882 loads of house and trade refuse, a total of 66,827 loads. The total for the year 1924 was 65,372. The use of the Destructor was discontinued in September, 1905, since which date all refuse has been removed by barge from Lett's Wharf to the Corporation land on Hornchurch Marshes, where it is dealt with. The horse manure collected from the street orderly bins is not included in the above, but is dealt with by a contractor, who sells it to market gardeners and others. Legal Proceedings.—During the year, 322 notices have been served by the District Inspectors at the order of the Sanitary Committee, and in no case was it found necessary, in consequence of non-compliance therewith, to refer the matter to the City Solicitor. Summer Flushing of Courts.—There are 161 courts and narrow passages throughout the City which were regularly flushed during the summer months, under the direction of the City Engineer, who informs me that in this service, and the flushing of the main streets, no less than 22,054,625 gallons of water were used. Of these courts and alleys, seven were flushed four times a week, six three times a week, three twice a week, 21 once a week, five once a month, and 119 every two months. Disinfectants are also freely applied where desirable. The condition of the approaches to Billingsgate Market and the Customs House, as heretofore, required special attention. There has always been a difficulty in keeping the thoroughfares in the immediate vicinity of these places free from nuisance caused by the drippings from the fish carts, especially during hot weather. Limewashing of Courts.—-There are 60 courts and narrow passages situated in various parts of the City, the walls of which, unless cleansed frequently, become dirty and unsightly through the constant traffic of passengers or vehicles, together with the action of the smokeladen atmosphere. These are cleansed or limewashed twice a year under the direction of the City Engineer. Of the places so dealt with during 1925, 19 were situated in the East District, 24 in the Middle District, and 17 in the West District. Defective Connections to Sewer.—During the year, 36 reports were received from the City Engineer respecting the condition of connections between the drains of certain City houses and the public sewer. Investigations showed that it was necessary to reconstruct all of the connections referred to. Of these, 32 have been completed and the remainder are, at the time of writing this Report, in process of reconstruction. As a result of the inspection of the internal drainage system of these premises, reconstruction or alteration was found necessary in 31 instances. 76 In the majority of cases these external drains were brick-barrel drains, in which rats had their breeding places, and were, undoubtedly, a source of much annoyance to the occupiers of the houses to which they were connected. DAMAGE AND NUISANCE FROM PIGEONS. The Sanitary Committee has had under consideration the question as to the steps which can be taken to abate the damage and nuisance caused by the increasing number of pigeons which are to be found in the City of London. These pigeons congregate principally in the undermentioned places where, undoubtedly, the deposit of excreta on window ledges and similar places is offensive, not only to the occupiers of adjoining property, but as a factor contributing to general air contamination, in an area in which general interchange of air is restricted by the height of buildings and the narrowness of streets. In addition, occasional serious local nuisance is created, as recently observed in the disused tower of St. Mary Somerset. The pigeons had free access to the tower and excreta passed between the floor board spaces to the space beneath with results, after an interval, which can be imagined. Another example of the nuisance is observed in Leadenhall Market. Pigeons collect round the Market and nest in the girders and higher places which are inaccessible without special provision. It is not necessary to describe the effect of overhead pigeons on the stalls beneath, and, although every endeavour has been made by the Market Authorities to deal with the problem, such as by destroying nests, wiring over open spaces in the roof, and so on, it is practically impossible to effect any permanent improvement unless power to kill the birds is obtained. Principal Places where Pigeons Congregate:— St. Paul's Cathedral. Customs House, Lower Thames Street. Guildhall and St. Laurence Jewry. Aldgate Station. Royal Exchange and Bank. Crutched Friars. Carpenters' Hall, London Wall. Fenchurch Street Station. General Post Office. Cannon Street Station. Leadenhall House, Leadenhall Street. Butchers' Hall, Bartholomew Close. Leadenhall Market. Mansion House. America Square. Rolls Buildings, Fetter Lane. Blackfriars Bridge. In addition to the above, pigeons are to be found in the neighbourhood of the majority of church towers in the City. It has been found impossible for the Corporation to take any action with a view to reducing numbers since ownership cannot be asserted, and although the birds do not appear to belong to anybody in particular, they cannot be described as wild birds. They are, therefore, protected by Section 23 of the Larceny Act, 1861, which imposes a penalty on whoever unlawfully and wilfully kills any house dove or pigeon under such circumstances as do not amount to larceny at common law. In these circumstances, and acting on the recommendation of the Ministry of Health, the Corporation has approached the London County Council and the Metropolitan Boroughs Standing Joint Committee, and it is probable that legislative powers will be obtained to deal with the matter. It may be remembered that this question has previously received the consideration of the Sanitary Committee as far back as 1903. At that time it was estimated that there were not less than four thousand pigeons within the City boundary. The number of birds now to be found in the City is, I think, more than four thousand, and this is the more surprising in view of the fact that horse traffic in the City area has been so much reduced, with a consequent loss of nose-bag droppings, &c. Presumably, the increase can only be accounted for by the fact that many persons provide pigeon food, which they purchase from street vendors in the neighbourhoods where these birds congregate. I have suggested that a protective clause be obtained which would enable a local authority to take steps to reduce the number of pigeons when, on the report of the Medical Officer of Health, the number of birds had so increased as to have become a nuisance. I think everyone would regret the total disappearance of these birds from our midst, and the power to act, notwithstanding the restrictive statute already quoted, should be safeguarded by allowing the right of slaughter to be granted only to a local authority and within its own area. 77 FACTORY AND WORKSHOP ACT, 1901, &.C. Factories, Workshops and Workplaces.—The premises upon the Register number 3,846 in which are included 8,000 workrooms, &c. There were served 2,200 notices during the year for various purposes under the Acts. The number of Factories, Workshops and Workplaces at present Registered is as follows Registered Workrooms, &c., in Places. Registered Places. FACTORIES 1,107 3,641 WORKSHOPS 1,825 2,881 WORKPLACES Kitchens of Restaurants, Tea Rooms, &c. 806 1,224 Stables 16 16 Other places 92 238 3,846 8,000 The following is a Summary of Inspections of separate workrooms, &c., during the year Workshop Inspectors. Woman Inspector. Totals.  FACTORIES 1,119 - 1,119 WORKSHOPS 1,219 - 1,219 WORKPLACES 613 - 613 Bakehouses.—Bakehouses are scheduled as Workshops (Part 2, Sixth Schedule), and are required to be registered by the Local Authority (Section 132). The following is a list of Bakehouses registered in the City:— ABOVEGROUND BAKEHOUSES †280, Bishopsgate. †Great Eastern Railway Hotel, †*85, Middlesex Street. UNDERGROUND BAKEHOUSES, †188, Aldersgate. 262, Bishopsgate. 8, Copthall Avenue. †*67, Farringdon Street. *93, Fetter Lane. 48. Knightrider Street. * These h?ve been established at least 39 years. †*37, Middlesex Street. †*122, Middlesex Street, †3, Pancras Lane, †21, Stoney Lane. 68, St. Mary Axe. 194, Upper Thames Street. SUMMARY. Aboveground Bakehouses 3 Underground Bakehouses 12 15 † Factory Bakehouses (power is used). During the vear the following premises have ceased to be used as bakehouses, namely 45, Fish Street Hill. 63 to 65, Middlesex Street. 75, St. Paul's Churchyard. 4, Broadway. 61, Middlesex Street. The following is a Summary of Inspections of separate workrooms since 1916:— FACTORIES. Workshop Inspectors. Woman Inspector. Totals. 1916 1,264 406 1,670 1917 1,501 234 1,735 1918 904 3 907 1919 995 7 1,002 1920 866 — 866 1921 1,956 2 1,958 1922 1,763 — 1,763 1923 1,517 — 1,517 1924 1,050 — 1,050 1925 1,119 — 1,119 WORKSHOPS. 1916 1,224 799 1,960 1917 1,308 347 1,655 1918 783 11 794 1919 1,069 18 1,087 1920 731 — 731 1921 1,958 — 1,958 1922 1,598 — 1,598 1923 1,387 — 1,387 1924 1,159 — 1,159 1925 1,219 — 1,219 WORKPLACES. 1916 469 173 642 1917 760 124 884 1918 713 72 785 1919 445 41 486 1920 618 — 618 1921 979 38 1,017 1922 957 1 958 1923 675 33 708 1924 730 2 732 1925 613 — 613 78 Outworkers and Homeworkers.—The provisions of the Act relating to "Outworkers" were carried out as heretofore, and the lists of the names and addresses of workers receiving work from the City firms were duly received without the necessity for legal proceedings. In 69 cases employers neglected to keep lists at their premises and to send copies of the same to the Corporation as required by the Act. Notice in each case was served upon the offender and in all cases complied with. No case of infectious disease was reported in connection with premises occupied by outworkers in the City. The following figures show the number of Outworkers notified since 1902:— Year. Number of Lists received. Outworkers Employed in City. Outworkers Employed outside City. Total number of Outworkers. 1902 17 3,752 3,769 (Note.—First Notice issued to all employers at the end of 1904.) 1905 576 236 7,891 8,127 1908 1,506 624 16,909 17,533 1911 1,515 656 16,405 17,061 1912 1,481 709 15,777 16,486 1913 1,523 718 16,025 16,743 1914 1,581 739 15,941 16,680 1915 1,589 807 15,444 16,251 1916 1,481 661 14,766 15,427 1917 1,366 602 13,319 13,921 1918 1,395 607 12,802 13,409 1919 1,379 688 12,581 13,269 1920 1,359 802 13,102 13,904 1921 1,411 717 11,035 11,752 1922 1,493 783 11,956 12,739 1923 1,406 701 12,114 12,815 1924 1 426 848 12,234 13,082 1925 1,391 874 12,061 12,935 summary of work done under the factory and workshop act, 1901, and the public health (london) act, 1891, &.C., for the year 1925. INSPECTIONS. Inspectors. Special. Inspector Gathercole. East District. Inspector Robinson. West District. Inspector McGrath. To tals. Factories, Initial Inspections (Tenancies) ... 43 53 96 Do. Initial Inspections (Workrooms) ... 79 103 182 Do. Periodical Inspections (Tenancies) ... 112 233 345 Do. Periodical Inspections (Workrooms) ... 223 714 937 Do. Re-inspections (Sanitary Works, &c., in hand) ... 56 374 430 Workshops, Initial Inspections (Tenancies) ... 78 99 177 Do. Initial Inspections (Workrooms) ... 93 202 295 Do. Periodical Inspections (Tenancies) ... 216 386 602 Do. Periodical Inspections (Workrooms) ... 295 592 887 Do. Re-inspections (Sanitary Works, &c., in hand) ... 290 556 846 Workplaces, Initial Inspections (Tenancies) ... ... 5 5 Do. Initial Inspections (Workrooms) ... ... 9 9 Do. Periodical Inspections (Tenancies) 17 ... 12 29 Do. Periodical Inspections (Workrooms) 29 ... 22 51 Do. Re-inspections (Sanitary Works, &c., in hand) 2 ... 53 55 Bakehouses, Inspections 37 ... ... 37 Do. Re-inspections (Sanitary Works, &c., in hand) 27 ... ... 27 DEFECTS FOUND. Factories, Workshops and Workplaces, &c.— Want of Cleanliness 13 19 62 94 Want of Ventilation ... 5 6 11 Overcrowding ... 2 2 4 Want of Drainage of Floors ... ... ... ... Other Nuisances, &c. 15 50 83 148 Storage Cistern defective ... ... ... ... Accommodation for Refuse ... ... ... ... Accumulation of Refuse ... ... ... ... Insufficient (Tenancies) ... 2 ... 2 Sanitary Accommodation Unsuitable (Do.) ... 6 34 40 Defective (Do.) 1 91 127 219 Do. (No. of Conveniences)* 1 206 213 420 Not separate for Sexes (Tenancies) ... 15 10 25 Total Defects found 29 190 324 543 * Figures not included in total defects found or remedied. 79 DEFECTS REMEDIED. Factories, Workshops and Workplaces, &c.— Special. Inspector Gathercole. Inspectors. West District. Inspector McGrath. Totals. East District. Inspector Robinson. Want of Cleanliness 1 19 58 78 Want of Ventilation ... 5 5 10 Overcrowding .... 2 2 4 Want of Drainage of Floors ... ... ... ... Other Nuisances, &c. l 50 70 121 Storage Cistern defective ... ... ... ... Accommodation for Refuse ... ... ... ... Accumulation of Refuse ... ... ... ... Sanitary Accommodation Insufficient (Tenancies) ... 1 ... 1 Unsuitable (Do.) ... 3 28 31 Defective (Do.) ... 80 106 186 Do. (No. of Conveniences)* ... 150 175 325 Not separate for Sexes (Tenancies) ... 15 12 27 Total Defects remedied 2 175 281 458 OUTWORKERS. Lists received from City Firms 1,391 ... ... 1,391 Names and Addresses, &c., received from other Authorities 360 ... ... 360 Names and Addresses transmitted to other Authorities 12,061 ... ... 12,061 Notices served on Employers 2,029 ... ... 2,029 Letters written, &c. 69 ... ... 69 Firms visited 141 ... ... 141 Lists not kept by Employers ... 20 14 34 ,, ,, forwarded ,, ... 20 14 34 Workshops notified by H.M. Inspector ... 20 42 62 General complaints received 2 13 16 31 Miscellaneous Visits 28 67 176 271 ACTION TAKEN. Matters referred to H.M. Inspector— Want of Cleanliness ... 1 3 4 Want of Ventilation ... ... ... ... Overcrowding ... ... ... ... Want of Drainage of Floors ... ... ... ... Failure to affix Abstract ... 16 25 41 Other Nuisances ... 1 2 3 Action taken in matters referred by H.M. Inspector— Notified by H.M. Inspector ... 20 29 49 Reports sent to H.M. Inspector ... 20 29 49 Other matters ... ... ... ... Notices served— Factories—Intimation ... 6 10 16 Statutory ... ... 10 10 Workshops—Intimation ... 21 25 46 Statutory ... 16 26 42 Workplaces, &c.—Intimation 2 ... 2 4 Statutory ... ... ... ... Orders required from Sanitary Committee 2 15 35 52 Certificates for Cleansing issued by Medical Officer of Health 2 3 14 19 Matters referred to District Inspectors ... 5 1 6 Matters referred to Woman Inspector ... ... ... ... Matters referred to Workshop Inspectors ... ... ... ... Cases reported for Legal Proceedings ... 2 2 4 Legal Proceedings taken ... ... ... .... INSPECTION OF OUTWORKERS' PREMISES AND DOMESTIC WORKSHOPS. Registered Workshops at which Outwork is received— Inspections ... 54 74 128 Defects found ... 30 26 56 Defects remedied ... 30 9 39 Outworkers' Premises—(Tenancies not registered as Workshops) Inspections ... ... ... ... Defects found ... ... ... ... Defects remedied ... ... ... .... Domestic Workshops at which Outwork is received— Inspections ... ... ... ... Defects found ... ... ... .... Defects remedied ... .... ... ... Domestic Workshops which do not receive Outwork— Inspections ... .... ... ... Defects found ... .... ... .... Defects remedied ... .... .... ... Places from which "work is given out," but which are not registered as factories or workshops- Inspections ... 1 3 4 Defects found ... .... .... .... Defects remedied ... ... ... ... * Figures not included in total defects found or remedied. 80 INSPECTION OF KITCHENS OF RESTAURANTS, AND OF LICENSED PREMISES, &c. Special. Inspector Gathercole. Totals. Initial Inspections (Tenancies) 21 21 Initial Inspections (Workrooms) 45 45 Periodical Inspections (Tenancies) 281 281 Periodical Inspections (Workrooms) 508 508 Re-inspections (Sanitary Works, &c., in hand) 570 570 DEFECTS FOUND. Want of Cleanliness 62 62 Want of Ventilation 9 9 Overcrowding ... ... Want of Drainage of Floors ... ... Want of Lavatory accommodation 34 34 Food improperly stored ... ... Other Nuisances, &c. 23 23 Storage Cistern defective ... ... Accommodation for Refuse ... ... Accumulation of Refuse ... ... Sanitary Accommodation Insufficient 2 2 Unsuitable 2 2 Defective 14 14 Do. (No. of Conveniences)* 17 17 Not separate for Sexes ... ... Total Defects found 147 147 DEFECTS REMEDIED. Want of Cleanliness 71 71 Want of Ventilation 19 19 Overcrowding ... ... Want of Drainage of Floors ... ... Want of Lavatory accommodation 61 61 Food improperly stored ... Other Nuisances, &c. 36 36 Storage Cistern defective ... ... Accommodation for Refuse ... ... Accumulation of Refuse ... ... Sanitary Accommodation Insufficient 4 4 Unsuitable ... ... Defective 18 18 Do. (No. of Conveniences)* 24 24 Not separate for Sexes 9 9 Total Defects remedied 216 216 Notices served:— Intimation 39 39 Statutory 21 21 Orders required from Sanitary Committee 33 33 Certificate for Cleansing issued by M.O.H. 21 21 Matters referred to District Inspector 12 12 Cases reported for legal proceedings 1 1 Legal proceedings taken ... ... Licensed Premises inspected (included in above Statement of Kitchens) 134 134 WOMAN INSPECTOR. Miss Wilkinson. Totals. Offices, Inspections (Tenancies) .... ... Do. Defects found ... ... Do. Defects remedied ... ... London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1904, Inspections of Premises after Cleansing of Children 8 8 Do. Do. Defects found 1 1 Do. Do. Defects remedied 1 1 Children Act, 1908 (Nurse Children), Inspections of Premises 3 3 Do. Do. Defects found ... ... Do. Do. Defects remedied ... ... Underground Conveniences for Women, Inspections 18 18 Do. Do. Defects found 1 1 Do. Do. Defects remedied ... ... Railway Stations (Ladies' Rooms), Inspections 8 8 Do. Do. Do. Defects found ... ... Do. Do. Do. Defects remedied ... ... Notification of Births Act, 1907, Visits 263 263 Number of Mothers attending Welfare Centre for advice 584 584 Special Visits 48 48 * Figures not included in total defects found or remedied. 81 factories, workshops, workplaces and homework. 1.—Inspection of Factories, Workshops and, Workplaces. Including Inspections made by Sanitary Inspectors. Premises. (1) Number of Inspections. (2) Written Notices. (3) Occupiers Prosecuted .(4) Factories (including Factory Laundries) 441 19 — Workshops (including Workshop Laundries) 816 88 — Workplaces (other than Outworkers' premises) 336 64 — Total 1,593 171 — 2.—Defects Found in Factories, Workshops and Workplaces. Particulars. (1) Number of Defects. Number of offences in respect to which Prosecutions were instituted. (5) Found. (2) Remedied. (3) Referred to H.M. Inspectors. (4) Nuisances under the Public Health Acts:—* Want of cleanliness 94 78 4 — Want of ventilation 11 10 — — Overcrowding 4 4 — — Want of drainage of floors — — — — Other nuisances 148 121 — — Sanitary accommodation insufficient 2 1 — — unsuitable or defective 259 217 — - not separate for sexes 25 27 — — Offences under the Factory and Workshop Act:— Illegal occupation of underground bakehouse (S. 101) — — — - Other offences (excluding offences relating to outwork and offences under the Sections mentioned in the Schedule to the Ministry of Health (Factories and Workshops Transfer of Powers) Order, 1921) - - - Total 543 458 4 - *Including those specified in Sections 2, 3, 7 and 8 of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, as remediable under the Public Health Acts. No instance of outwork in unwholesome premises under Section 108 of the Factory and Workshop Act was reported. 82 83 3.—Home Work. NATURE OF WORK.* (1) OUTWORKERS' LISTS, SECTION 107 OUTWORK IN UNWHOLESOME PREMISES, SECTION 108. OUTWORK IN INFECTED PREMISES, SECTIONS 109, 110. Lists received from Employers. Notices served on (8) occupiers as to keeping or sending Lists. Prosecutions. Instances. (11) Notices served. (12) Prosecutions. (13) Instances. (14) Orders made (S.110). (15) Prosecutions (Sections 109, 110). (16) Sending twice in the year. Sending once in the year. Failing to keep or permit inspection of lists. (9) Failing to send lists. (10) Lists.† (2) Outworkers.† Lists. (5) Outworkers. Contractors. (3) Workmen. (4) Contractors. (6) Workmen. (7) Wearing Apparel— making, &c 1,166 3,973 7,169 26 75 121 \ cleaning and washing House hold Linen Lace, Lace Curtains and Nets Curtains and Furniture Hangings Furniture and Upholstery Electro Plate File making Brass and brass articles Fur pulling (Furriers) 104 202 361 3 2 4 2,029 Cables and Chains Anchors and Grapnels Cart Gear Locks, Latches and Keys Umbrellas, &c 52 26 392 2 4 8 Artificial Flowers 32 7 212 — — — Nets, other than Wire Nets Tents Sacks Racquet and Tennis Balls Paper, &c., Boxes, Paper Bags 6 8 11 — — — Brush making ( Pea picking Feather sorting Carding, &c., of Buttons, &c Stuffed Toys Basket making . Chocolates and sweetmeats Cosaques, Christmas Crackers, Christmas Stockings, &c. Textile Weaving Total 1,360 4,216 8,145 31 81 133 2,029. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. * It an occupier gives out work of more than one of the classes specified in column 1, and subdivides his list in such a way as to show the number of workers in each class of work, the list should be included among those in column 2 (or 5 as the case may be) against the principal class only, but the outworkers should be assigned in columns 3 and 4 (or 0 and 7) into their respective classes. A footnote should be added to show that this has been done. †The figures required in columns 2, 3 and 4 are the total number of the lists received from those employers who comply strictly with the statutory duty of sending two lists each year and of the entries of names of outworkers in those lists. The entries in column 2 must necessarily be even numbers, as there will be two lists for each employer—in some previous returns odd numbers have been inserted. The figures in columns 3 and 4 will usually be (approximately) double of the number of indiviiual outworkers whose names are given, since in the February and August lists of the same employer the same outworker's name will often be repeated. 4.—Registered Workshops. 5.—Other Matters. Workshops on the Register (S. 131) at the end of the year. (1) Number. (2) Class. (1) Number. (2) Important classes of workshops, such as workshop bakehouses, may be enumerated here. Matters notified to H.M. Inspector of Factories:— Failure to affix Abstract of the Factory and Workshop Act (S. 133, 1901) 41 General Workshops 1,810 Action taken in matters referred by H.M. Inspector Notified by H.M. Inspector as remediable under the Public Health Acts, but 49 Bakehouses (including Factory Bakehouses) 15 not under the Factory and Workshop Act (S. 5, | Reports (of action taken) sent to 1901). H.M. Inspector 49 Other — Underground Bakehouses (S.101):— Certificates granted during the year Nil. Total number of Workshops on Register *1,825 In use at the end of the year 12 *These were found to be 2,881 Workrooms, &c., in places Registered. Note.—The Factory and Workshop Act, 1901 (S. 132), requires the Medical Officer of Health in his Annual Report to the District Council to report specifically on the Office). If the Annual Report is presented otherwise than in print, it is unnecessary to include in the copy sent to the Home Office, the portions which do not relate to Memorandum of March. 1912. Date, 31 st December, 1925. (Signature) W. J. HOWARTH, Medical Officer of Health. administration of that Act in workshops and workplaces, and to send a copy of his Annual Report, or so much of it as deals with this subject, to the Secretary of State (Home factories, workshops, workplaces, or homework. The duties of Local Authorities, and the Medical Officer of Health under the Act of 1901 are detailed in the Home Office. 84 KITCHENS OF RESTAURANTS (WASHING ACCOMMODATION)* During the year special attention has been given to the question of the provision of washing facilities for persons engaged in the handling of food at these places. In a number of industries accommodation is required by statute to be provided, but in the case of kitchens of restaurants no such requirement exists. In 61 instances, however, representations having been made, such accommodation was provided voluntarily. RAT REPRESSION. The table set out on page 86 indicates the number of investigations and inspections made, and details of work carried out, under the Rats and Mice (Destruction) Act, 1919, during the year ended December 31st, 1925. From this summary it will be seen that 1,135 buildings, occupied by 4,100 firms, were inspected. Of these, 391 were found to be rat infested. One or other of the ratcatchers, working in the City, was engaged by business firms in 158 instances; poisons were laid down and traps of the break-back variety were used in 704 instances, and wire traps in 121. Varnish traps, which were used in special circumstances, were relied upon in 243 buildings. Cats and dogs were found to be kept by 160 firms. Complaints have been received at the office, or applications for advice, in 131 instances. The work done in addition to poisons and traps, and the keeping of rodent-destroying animals, included rat proofing in 365 instances, and the repair of drainage defects in 489 others. In this relationship it should be stated that rat proofing cannot be relied upon, absolutely, to exclude rodents from buildings, for reasons I have pointed out from time to time, e.g., the importation of rats into buildings in cases and crates from the Docks, and ingress through open doors and windows, especially through roof doors, provided for exit in case of fire. The value of properly carried out rat proofing should not be under-estimated for, by this means, food is protected, the domestic water supply is guarded, fire risk is lessened, insanitary defects are remedied which might otherwise remain undiscovered, and rats are more easily reduced in numbers, since hiding places are eliminated, and absence of hiding places results in a decrease of the rat population. I have pointed out, in previous reports, that the construction of many City buildings is such as to render rat proofing practically impossible, and further, that the owners who are the only persons competent to deal structurally with the buildings are not responsible under the Act. A large number of old buildings have been demolished throughout the City, during the year, and in the course of demolition, numbers of rats, which were disturbed, found harbourage in neighbouring buildings, many of which had not been previously infested. Mr. Engineer informs me that, during the year, the following sewerage and drainage works, all of which tended to reduce the number of breeding places for rats, were carried out by his department:— Pipe sewers re-constructed 2 Pipe sewers in course of re-construction 2 Pipe sewers substituted for old brick sewers 1 Brick sewers re-inverted 4 Brick sewers in course of being re-inverted 3 Brick sewers re-constructed 1 Brick sewers in course of re-construction 1 Disused sewers filled in 4 New drains constructed in connection with new buildings 40 Drains of existing buildings re-constructed 109 New gulley drains constructed 2 Gulley drains re-constructed 32 Disused drains blocked up 126 Amount of poison used in the sewers during the year 56 lbs. No. of rats killed in sewers not including those which died from poisoning. 2,342 The number of drains reconstructed, carried out under the supervision of the inspectors attached to my own department, is set out on page 86. It was not found necessary, in any case, either to serve Statutory Notices, or to take legal proceedings. I am indebted to Messrs. Dalton & Sons, professional rat-catchers, for the information that, during the year, they caught 24,965 rats in the City. National Rat Week.—National rat week began this year on November 2nd, and in accordance with the request of the Ministry of Agriculture, a special effort was made by the Department to induce the City residents to concentrate on rat destruction during the week 85 in question. On October 1st, a circular letter was posted to occupiers of those premises in the City that are specially liable to rat infestation by reason of the nature of the business carried on and these included the following:— 1. The occupiers of refreshment rooms, tea-shops, cafes, etc. 2. The managers of railways and railway depots and stations. Seven railway companies operate in the City area. 3. The occupiers of licensed premises, of which there are 299 in the City. 4. The managers of 36 wharves in Upper and Lower Thames Street. 5. The superintendents of markets, Billingsgate, Leadenhall, and the Central Meat Markets. Letters were also sent to the City Surveyor with reference to Corporation property under his control, and to the City Engineer concerning rat destruction in the sewers. With regard to the sewers Mr. Engineer has informed me that during "rat-week" the Corporation sewermen killed 84 rats by hand, he points out that this is not a great number, and as a result of his department's efforts, during some years past, there appears to be fewer rats now in the sewers, and this is evidenced by the fact that only a very small quantity of the 56 lbs. of rat biscuits, which were placed in different parts of the sewers, was eaten. There is no doubt that as improvements to drains and sewers are effected more rats are being shut out, and numbers of those are being accounted for above ground by rat-catching, and poisoning operations. Very few of the hundreds of firms written to replied to the circular letter sent out—only seven in all. Many have pointed out, in previous years, that the work of rat repression at their premises is continuous, and a certain amount of irritation appears to result from the rat-week reminders. Ratcatchers are engaged on contract in many of the multiple tea-shops, restaurants, hotels, and business premises. Several vacant building sites in the City were dealt with under the supervision of the Department, and all necessary information was given to representatives who called for advice. Gassing, with sulphur dioxide, was effectually carried out on some vacant land where it was possible to use gas without danger. The attached table shows that of the 1,135 buildings visited during the year 391 were found to be rat infested, and in these, rat proofing work was carried out at 365. This work chiefly consisted of wiring basement area gratings, ventilators, roof openings, and the stopping of rat holes in walls and floors. Other necessary work, such as the removal of wooden floors from basements, and substituting concrete, the stripping of internal walls of the woodwork, such as matchboarding, wainscoting, and panelling—behind which rats nest and breed. The cementing of walls and the removal of ceilings in certain cases could only be done to a very limited extent because it would not be considered a reasonable request to ask an occupier to carry out this expensive work in a building which he does not own. rats and mice (destruction) act, 1919. Summary Showing Investigations and Inspections Made and Details of Work Carried Out under the Above Act. Months. No. of Buildings Inspected. Average No. of Firms in building. No. of premises Rat Infested. Total No. of Firms interested. Steps taken to destroy Rats. Rat Proofing done, Rat-holes stopped, &c. Drainage and Sewerage Work carried out during the year. Special Obesrvation. Rat-Catcher Employed. Poison Used. Wire Traps. Breakbacks. Varnish Traps Other Traps. Cats or Dogs kept. By City Engineer's Department. By M.O.H. Department. Complaints or Applications for Advice. January 102 1.2 33 125 12 27 10 35 23 — 18 38 11 February 105 2.8 28 300 10 15 9 23 21 l 13 24 7 March 94 3.0 28 288 13 14 7 17 18 — 10 25 8 April 88 4.3 29 376 14 22 4 24 19 l 8 24 12 May 117 1.2 45 151 11 35 22 50 32 — 18 38 13 June 105 2.8 33 302 17 18 12 32 21 l 19 35 383 106 10 July 64 5.4 28 347 12 18 10 24 17 — 10 28 17 August 41 7.8 22 321 8 8 4 13 8 — 4 16 11 September 107 6.8 49 735 18 36 11 41 31 2 16 46 8 October 93 6.1 37 572 19 32 8 29 24 — 7 29 11 November 104 3.3 28 347 10 22 13 23 14 2 15 33 14 December 115 2.0 31 236 14 21 11 25 15 1 22 29 9 Totals 1,135 3.6 391 4,100 158 268 121 336 243 8 160 365 489 131 *Buildings systematically inspected 1,004 inspected in consequence of complaints 131 Totals 1,135 86 87 MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS. In accordance with the Standing Order of the Court that no person shall enter the employ of the Corporation or any of its Committees without previously passing a medical examination to the satisfaction of the Committee having cognizance of the appointment, 60 persons were examined by the Medical Officer of Health during 1925. Five of these persons were reported as physically unfit for office, and the decision with regard to two others was adjourned for later examination. Fifteen officers were also medically examined with a view to their retirement. All were reported to be unfit for duty except one man who, after undergoing treatment, was found fit to continue his work. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your obedient Servant, Medical Officer of Health for the City of London. Public Health Department, Guildhall, E.C. APPENDICES. PAGE Appendix A—Street Lists of Mortality 90 „ B— „ „ Infectious Diseases 94 „ C—Register of Houses let in lodgings or occupied by members of more than one family 96 „ D—List of Adoptive Acts, Orders, Bye-laws and Regulations in operation in the City 99 90 APPENDIX A.—STREET LISTS OF MORTALITY. STREET OR PLACE. No. of House Sex. Age. Date of Death. Cause of Death. Remarks. Albion Buildings, 18 F 44 23rd Sept. Cerebral Haemorrhage Died at Tonbridge. Bartholomew Close Albion Buildings 21 F 80 15th Feb. Carcinoma of Stomach Aldersgate Street 72 M 58 22nd April Myocardial Degeneration Progressive Muscular Atrophy Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. " M 42 19th March Asphyxia following severe injuries— Buried by falling earth during excavations P.M.—Accident. Died at Hoxton. Aldgate 15 M 75 22nd March Myocardial Degeneration Died in City of London Amen Corner, Paternoster Row 1 F 80 18th Aug. Pneumonia Infirmary, Bow Road. Died at Ticehurst. America Square 14 M 12 mos. 30th March Tuberculous Meningitis P.M. Artillery Lane 7 F 63 3rd Jan. (1) Chr. Bronchitis and Asthma (2) Syncope Barker's Buildings, 9 M 2 26th March (1) Syncope Inquest—P.M.—Natural. Bishopsgate (2) Broncho-pneumonia ,, ,, 28 F 42 29th Aug. (1) Chronic Endocarditis (2) Chronic Nephritis Bartholomew Close 77 M 49 3rd Nov. (1) Chronic Nephritis Died in City of London (2) Pericarditis Infirmary, Bow Road. Bartholomew House, 13 F 77 29th July (1) Myocardial Degeneration Bartholomew Close (2) Cardiac Failure—Rheumatoid Arthritis Basinghall Street 15 F 62 5th Oct. (1) Acute Bronchitis (2) Morbus Cordis ,, 68 M 15 mos. 30th Dec. (1) Measles (2) Broncho-pneumonia Bell Yard 6 F 70 8th April (1) Chronic Bronchitis ,, ,, Bishopsgate 99 F 10 25th April (2) Cardiac Dilatation Carcinoma of Colon 229 M 46 2nd May. Fracture of Skull—Blood clot following bullet wound P.M.—Inquest. Suicide —Unsound mind Brushfield Street 9 F 39 26th Oct. (1) Influenza (2) Pneumonia ,, 12a F 93 18th Dec (3) Exhaustion Myocardial Degeneration Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road ,, 14 F 78 6th Dec. Bronchitis Died at 18, Thavies Inn Bucklersbury 23 F 69 30th Nov. (1) Chronic Bronchitis (2) Myocardial Degeneration Budge Row 29 M 52 5th Jan. (1) Cardiac Valvular Disease (mitral) 2 years (2) Arterio Sclerosis Cannon Street 99 M 73 14th Sept. (1) Chronic Bright's Disease (2) Arterial Degeneration— Cardiac Failure Resides at Putney. „ 147 F 72 17th Dec. (1) Bronchitis Carter Lane 22 M 57 22nd Aug. (2) Fibrosis—Kidneys Cerebral Haemorrhage Chancery Lane 77 M 70 16th July Myocardial Degeneration Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Cheapside 66 F 54 7th Feb. (1) Heart Failure (2) Laryngeal Obstruction and Toxaemia from extensive pharyngea ulceration ,, 69 M 69 5th Sept. (1) Bronchitis Circus, Minories 3 M 75 10th April (2) Cardiac Failure Morbus Cordis ,, 7 F 48 26th Dec. Carcinoma of Breast Cloth Fair 43 F 52 21st April Myxœdema Died in City of London Mental Hospital, Stone Copthall Chambers 3 F 82 27th Nov Senile Decay M ,| Copthall Court 13 F 4 24th May. Diphtheria Died in Great Eastern Hospital. Cornhill 24 F 68 20th March (1) Pneumonia Crescent, Minories 1 F 68 10th Dec. (2) Heart Failure Diabetes Mellitus—Myocardial Degeneration Died in Home and Hospital for Jewish Incurables. Crutched Friars 52 F 2 1st Sept. (1) Pertussis Dean Street, Fetter Lane 2a F 8 mos. 22nd July (2) Broncho-pneumonia Infective Enteritis—Bronchopneumonia ,, ,, 3 M 58 20th Dec. (1) Pulmonary Tuberculosis Died in Chest Hospital. ,, ,, E (2) Tuber. Empyema ,,,, blk 3a M 69 18th Sept. Bronchitis ,, ,, 3b F 68 5th July Chronic Endocarditis— Died in City of London ,, ,, 5a F 66 11th April Hypostatic Pulmonary Congestion Bronchitis Infirmary, Bow Road. Died at 18, Thavies Inn. ,, ,, 5 F 66 8th Nov. (1) Carcinoma of Cervica Uter—2 yrs. Died in City of London B (2) Cachexia Infirmary, Bow Road. ,, ,, blk 4 M 66 5th April (1) Myocardial Degeneration ,, ,, (2) Chronic Bronchitis 91 street lists of mortality—continued. STREET OR PLACE. No. of House Sex. Age. Date of Death. Cause of Death. Remarks. Dean Street, Fetter Lane 8 M 23 3rd April Ruptured Aneurysm of Aorta P.M.—Inquest—Natural. Died in Red Lion Passage, Holborn. Devonshire Square 3 M 84 loth Aug. (1) Cerebral Haemorrhage—Prostatitis (2) Dilated Bladder—Uremic Coma Duke Street - M 83 15th Oct (1) Chronic Myocarditis (2) Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Exchange Buildings 10 F 65 26th Aug. Syncope—Disease of Aortic Valve and Coronary Arteries P.M.—Natural. Farringdon Street 17 M 51 2nd July (1) Pulmonary Tuberculosis (2) Heart Failure ,, 62 M 75 21st Sept. Lobar Pneumonia Fenchurch St. Rly. Stn - M 53 27th Jan. Syncope due to acute poisoning by Hydrocyanic Acid P.M. — Inquest — Suicide —Unsound Mind—Died in St. Bart.'s Hospital. Fenton's Buildings, 1 M 19 2nd June Tuberculosis—Hip—Amyloid Disease Died at Lowestoft. Bartholomew Close Fetter Lane 93 F 56 8th Dec. Hodgkins Disease P.M.—Died in City of London Mental Hospital, Stone. Fishmongers' Hall, London Bridge - F 73 10th Jan. (1) Chronic Endocarditis (2) Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Fish Street Hill 27 M 52 28th Aug. Cardiac-Syncope caused by shock of sudden immersion in the River Thames Found in the Thames in Southwark Area— P.M.—Inquest.—No Fleur-de-lys Court Houndsditch 5 M 84 6th April (1) Gangrene (2) Senile Decay evidence " 6 M 58 11th Jan. (1) Cardiac Valvular Disease (2) Diabetes—6 months Fleet Street 15 F 2 21st Sept. (1) Whooping Cough (2) Broncho-pneumonia Garden Place 1 F 68 19th Oct. (1) Gastritis (2) Cardiac Failure George Yard, Lorn bard St. 9 M 79 16 th March Arterio Sclerosis Giltspur Street 10 M 73 14th June (1) Carcinoma of Head of Pancreas (2) Carcinoma of Liver P.M.—Died in St. Bart.'s Hospital. Goodman's Yard 2 M 71 11th Feb. Chronic Myocarditis— Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Goring Street, Houndsditch 2 F 84 12th Sept. Myocardial Degeneration Died in Home for Jewish Incurables, Tottenham. Goring Street „ 5 M 48 26th Jan. Asphyxia due to acute poisoning by Carbon Monoxide given off by burning coke in open furnace Misadventure—P.M. Inquest—No fixed abode. Gough Square 8 F 56 25th Sept. Influenza Broncho-pneumonia Died at Lampeter. Gracechurch Street 61 M 61 14th Nov. (1) Heart Failure (2) Pyellonephrosis following removal of Prostate Died in St. Bart.'s Hospital. " 77 M 21 mos. 23rd April Shock and Syncope—Severe Scalds— Fall in pail of boiling water Died in St. Bart.'s Hospital. P.M. — Inquest—Accidental. Great New St., Fetter Lane 15 M 63 29th Oct. (1) Empyema (2) Heart Failure ” 25 F 80 5thDec. (1) Myocarditis (2) Bronchitis and Senile Decay Great Tower Street 26 F 56 10th Sept. (1) Intestinal Obstruction (2) Uraemia Guildhall Chambers, Basinghall Street 6 F 59 16th Jan. (1) Bronchitis—5 days Holborn Circus 4 & 5 M 58 7th Oct. Lobar Pneumonia Holborn Viaduct 64 M 80 25th Jan. (1) Angina Pectoris—Senile Decay (2) Heart Failure Houndsditch 46 M 4 mos. 3rd Dec. (1) Marasmus (2) Debility Died in Queen's Hospital. Hutchison Avenue 10 F 77 23rd July (1) Myocarditis and General Dropsy (2) Carbuncle—Exhaustion and Cardiac Failure ” 23 F 2 mos. 6th Oct. (1) Infectious Enteritis (2) Inanition Died in City of London Asylum, Bow Road. Hutchison Street 4 F 61 3rd Aug. Rupture of Left Ventricule of Heart P.M.—Inquest. King's Block, Stoney Lane 11 M 50 11th Sept. Syncope—Fatty Heart—Disease of Arteries—Fibrosis of Liver—Chronic Nephritis—Chronic Alcoholism ” " King Street, Snow Hill, King's House - F 52 25th April (1) Chronic Gastric Ulcer (2) Acute Dilatation of Stomach King William Street 38a M 59 27th Feb. Pulmonary Tuberculosis Leadenhall Street 80 M 73 4th Feb. Chronic Myocarditis— Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Little Britain 25 M 56 31st Jan. Chronic Nephritis— Cardiac Dilatation ” ” Liverpool Street Hotel M 24 19th March Cerebral Haemorrhage Resided in Essex. Liverpool Street Station - M 38 23rd Feb. Syncope—Aortic Stenosis accelerated by exercise after meal P.M.—Inquest. Resided at Wood Green. " ” - M 30 26th Nov. Shock Injuries—Crushed between engine and signal gallery Resided at Ilford. P.M.—Inquest— Accidental. 92 street lists of mortality—continued. STREET OR PLACE No. of House Sex. Age. Date of Death. Cause of Death. Remarks. Lloyd's Avenue 6 F 62 10th Dec. Confusional Insanity— Asthenia Died at City of London Mental Hospital, Stone. Lombard Street 75 M 36 20th May Peritonitis P.M.— „ „ Long Lane 23 M 28 29th April Asphyxia—Coal Gas poisoning P.M. — Inquest. Misadventure Love Lane, Eastcheap, - M 69 25th Sept. Paraplegia. Pulmonary Congestion Died in Camberwell. Megland House Ludgate Hill, "Lambeth 10 M 45 2nd Sept. Pneumonia. Meningitis Died in City of London House " 12 Infirmary, Bow Road. Maiden Lane 41 F 21 30th Oct. Pulmonary Tuberculosis Died in St. Columba's Hospital. Mansion House - F 78 27th Nov. (1) Myocardial Degeneration (2) Heart Failure Middle Street 1 M 49 4th May Chronic Nephritis—Uræmia „ 4 F 70 20th April (1) Myocardial Degeneration (2) Enteritis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Middlesex Street 116 M 40 12th Jan. (1) Pulmonary Tuberculosis (2) Chronic Myocarditis „ 116 M 47 22nd Jan. Lobar Pneumonia „ 116 M 24 17th Feb. (1) Congenital Syphilis (2) Cachexia Died in City of London Asylum, Stone. „ 116 M 24 20th March (1) Septicaemia following Appendicitis (2) Chronic Nephritis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road „ 116 M 79 25th March Chronic Bronchitis— Chronic Myocarditis " " 116 M 65 31st March Lobar Pneumonia—Cardiac Dilatation P.M.- Inquest. Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. „ 116 M 67 5th April (1) Chronic Myocarditis (2) Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. „ 116 M 64 6th May Rupture of Aneurysm of Atheromatous ascending Aorta Inquest—P. M.—N at u ral. Died at St. Pancras. „ 116 M 76 26th July Myocardial Degeneration and Syncope Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. „ 116 M 79 11th Aug. (1) Chronic Myocarditis (2) Chronic Nephritis „ „ „ 116 M 63 10th Dec. (1) Broncho-pneumonia (2) Cardiac Failure Died in St. Peter's Hospital. „ 116 M 69 16th Dec. Enteritis and Bronchitis Cardiac Dilatation Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Mincing Lane 40 F 56 22nd Aug. Cerebral Haemorrhage P.M.—Natural. Minories 81 M 77 22nd Dec. Chronic Bronchitis — Broncho-pneumonia—Asthma „ 140 F 82 9th June (1) Myocarditis (2) Fatty Degeneration of the Heart Montague Court „ 3 M 44 30th Sept. Syncope due to Haemoptysis with advanced Tubercular disease of the Lungs following gassing in the War Inquest. „ - M 72 17th Sept. Chronic Nephritis— Chronic Myocarditis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. „ 14 M 76 12th March Senile Decay—Cardiac Syncope Died in Tooting-bec Hospital . Monument Station - F 47 25th May Shock—Cerebral Contusions and Fractured Skull Run over by train P.M.- Inquest—Suicide. Resided at Barking. Moor Lane Chambers 15 M 2 mos. 28th Aug. Bronchitis—Marasmus Died in St. Peter's Hospital. „ 30 M 73 1st Jan. (1) Chronic Myocarditis (2) Chronic Nephritis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Moorgate Street Station - M 47 31st Jan. Syncope due to Shock—Multiple Injuries—Run over by train P.M.—Accidental. Resided at Maida Vale. Nevill's Court 9 M 67 18th Oct. (1) Aortic Incompetence (2) Bronchitis „ 10 F 58 10th Jan. (1) Myocarditis (2) Bronchitis „ 10 F 29 31st Jan. Lobar Pneumonia „ 11 F 73 24th Nov. (1) Chronic Myocarditis (2) Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. „ 12 F 30 10th July Lympho Sarcoma P.M.—Died in Royal Free Hospital. New Street, Gravel Lane 24 M 89 19th March (1) Myocardial Degeneration (2) Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. „ Houndsditch 26 M 81 9th Sept. (1) Acute Lobar Pneumonia (2) Myocardial Failure Newbury Street 14 F 75 1st March (1) Broncho-pneumonia (2) Heart Failure Died in German Hospital. Noble Street 42a F 80 11th Sept. Senile Decay Died in City of London Asylum, Stone. Norwich Street 2 F 20 18th Jan. (1) Diabetic Coma (2) Cardiac Failure Died in Charing Cross Hospital. Old Bailey - M 49 18th March Syncope—Disease of left Coronary Artery and Mitral Valve P.M.—Natural. Resided at Ilford. Old Change 22 F 46 21st Feb. (1) Carcinoma of Breast (2) Heart Failure Old Jewry Chambers 14 M 3 30th Aug. Injuries to Face and Skull—Motor Car Collision Inquest. Died at Pewsey. Paternoster Row 23 M 17 13th April Asphyxia—Persistent Vomiting due to severe infection of bowels P.M.—Inquest—Natural Death. 93 street lists of mortality—continued. STREET OR PLACE. No. of House Sex. Age. Date of Death. Cause of Death. Remarks. Providence Place 5 F 83 11th May (1) Emaciation—Exhaustion—Senility (2) Arterio Sclerosis Queen Street 8 M 55 6th March Cerebral Syphilis—Pneumonia Died in City of London Mental Hospital, Stone. ” 96 M 62 20th Oct. Carcinoma of Recto Peritoneal Glands involving also Pancreas and Duodenum Died in St. Columba's Hospital. Queen Street Place, Thames House - M 63 11th April Aortic and Mitral Valvular Disease of Heart Queen Victoria Street 120 M 66 1st Dec. (1) Chronic Cystitis (2) Chronic Nephritis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. ” 143 M 68 20th Dec. (1) Anaemia (2) Papillomaof Bladder—Heart Disease Red Lion Passage 3 M 78 16th May Senile Decay Died in City of London Mental Hospital, Stone. River Thames - M 39 28th April Asphyxia—Drowning P.M. — Inquest — Suicide —Unsound Mind. Resided at Birmingham. ” - M newly born 19th Sept. Want of attention at Birth Robinhood Court 14 F 44 25th July (1) Carcinoma of Face following Lupus Vulgaris (2) Myocardial Degeneration Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Roman Bath Street, Central Telegraph Office - M 58 9th Feb. Syncope—Haemorrhage from severance of jugular veins and arteries of throat with a razor Inquest — Suicide — Unsound Mind. Resided at Heme Hill. St. Anne's Chambers, Ludgate Hill 19 M 64 25th Jan. (1) Rheumatoid Arthritis (2) Chronic Myocarditis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Shoe Lane - F 34 10th Feb. Epilepsy—Status Epilapticus P.M.—Died in City of London Mental Hospital, Stone. „ The " Two - M 50 10th March Myocarditis Died at Bournemouth. ” Brewers " 70 M 43 30th Jan. Asphyxia—Poisoning from Carbon Monoxide gas administered by face mask and tube from gas burner P.M.—Inquest—Suicide Unsound Mind. Resided at Romfoid. ” 79 F 44 9th Feb. Syncope—Ruptured Aneurism of Aorta P.M.—Natural—Died in Westminster Hospital. Swan Lane 10 M 3 mos. 3rd Jan. (1) Broncho-pneumonia—10 days (2) Cardiac Syncope Thavies Inn 18 F 78 19th April Carcinoma of Liver—1 year Hemiplegia Right Side—2 months P.M.—Resided at Thavies Inn, since 1917. Throgmorton Avenue 5 M 76 25th Jan. (1) Left Inguinal Hernia (old irreducible) (2) Strangulated, 6 months—refused operation Tower Hill 11 M 63 11th Jan. Chronic Bronchitis and Emphysema 2 years Vine Street 3 F 81 23rd Dec. (1) Myocardial Degeneration (2) Chronic Bronchitis Died in City of London Infirmary Bow, Road. Walbrook 35 M 56 2nd Jan. (1) Cancer of Cervical Glands (left) (2) Chronic Myocarditis Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Water Lane 17 M 39 26th July (1) Duodenal Ulcer (2) Gastritis and Diarrhoea West Street 2 M 67 6th Dec. Broncho-pneumonia— Dilatation of the Heart Died in City of London Infirmary, Bow Road. Wool Exchange, Coleman Street 159 M 46 21st July Acute Miliary Tuberculosis Died in Royal Chest Hospital. 94 APPENDIX B.—LIST OF CASES OF INFECTIOUS DISEASE OTHER THAN TUBERCULOSIS, 1925. street lists.—compiled from notifications received. Street or Place. No. of House. Sex. Age. Disease. Date of Notification. Aldersgate Street 136 M 24 Scarlet Fever 20th January. Barnett's Mansions 5 F 7 dys Ophthalmia Neonatorum 14th January. Basinghall Street 89 F 13 Scarlet Fever 23rd December. Ditto 68 F 5 Varicella 8th June. Ditto 68 M 9 mos. Ditto 15th June. Bishopsgate 306 F 7 Scarlet Fever 13th October. Ditto 306 F 2 Diphtheria 8th July Bury Street 15 M 9 Chickenpox 23rd July. Bush Lane 9 F 5 Ditto 20th June. Ditto 23 F 62 Erysipelas 18th May. Chapel Place 2 F 8 Scarlet Fever 14th December. City of London Infirmary - F 1½ Scarlet Fever 26th March. Ditto - M 47 Ac. Primary Pneumonia. 23rd January. Ditto - M 50 Ditto 2nd February. Ditto - M 45 Ditto 5th September. Ditto - M 75 Ditto 12th September. City Police Hospital - M 35 Diphtheria 1st December. Coleman Street 68 F 11 Varicella 1st July. Ditto 68 F 14 Ditto 13th July. Copthall Court 13 F 4 Diphtheria 18th May. Cornhill 78 F 5 Chickenpox 26th June. Crosby Square 3 F 10 Scarlet Fever 29th May. Crown Place 6 F 12 Varicella 3rd December. Devonshire Square 16 F 6 Ditto 26th Tone. Duke Street 26 F 50 Ac. Primary Pneumonia. 26th October. Eastcheap 2a M 6 Varicella 5th June. Ditto 2a F 3 Ditto 19th June. Ditto 6 M 9 Ditto 22nd June. Ditto 19 F 5 Chickenpox 18th June. Ditto 22 F 5 Varicella 21st June. Fenchurch Avenue 13 M 2 Ditto 16th December. Fetter Lane 10 M 5 Scarlatina 16th November. Ditto 53 F 25 Scarlet Fever 17th July. Fish Street Hill 27 F 6 Chickenpox 6th June. Fleur -de-Lys Court 1 F 70 Erysipelas 30th July. Great New Street 20 M 63 Ac. Primary Pneumonia. 30th July. Gt. Tower Street 101 F 20 Diphtheria 24th June. Hutchison Street 16 M 4 Scarlet Fever 5th August. Hutchison Avenue 17 M 3 Diphtheria 3rd January. Ditto 18 F 20 Ac. Influenzal Pneumonia 7th February. Ditto 23 M 3 Scarlet Fever 2nd January. Ditto 23 F 5 Ditto 3rd January. High Street, Aldgate 24 M 5 Ditto 9th November. Holborn Circus 5 M 58 Lobar Pneumonia 8th October. Houndsditch 56 F 8 Varicella 24th November. Ditto 56 F 11 Ditto 24th November. John Street 11 F 44 Scarlet Fever 26th May. Leadenhall Street 87a F 80 Ac. Primary Pneumonia. 31st January. Lime Street Square 3 M 60 Erysipelas 9th January. Love Lane 5 F 5 Chickenpox 19th June. Lower Thames Street 80 M 27 Ac. Primary Pneumonia. 17th January. Ludgate Hill 30 F 53 Erysipelas 3rd December. Mark Lane 61 M 11 Varicella 9th June. Middlesex Street 29 M 53 Erysipelas 14th September. Ditto 45 M 5 Varicella 18th November. Ditto 116 M 65 Erysipelas 18th December. Mincing Lane 40 M 54 Ditto 11th November. Montague Court 1 M 6 Chickenpox 6th May. New Street, Bishopsgate 6 M 6 Varicella 15th August. New Street, Gravel Lane 24 F 4 Scarlet Fever 9th March. Ditto 26 M 4 Varicella 16th December. 95 list of cases of infectious disease other than tuberculosis, 1925.—continued. Street or Place. No. of House. Sex. Age. Disease. Date of Notification. Newbury Street 14 F 8 Varicella 1st July. Ditto 14 M 4 Ditto 1st July. Ditto 14 M 12 Ditto 1st July. North Block 9 F 6 Scarlet Fever 4th October. Ditto 34 F 6 Diphtheria 14th August. Ditto 34 F 7 Scarlet Fever 25 August. Ditto 38 F 6 Ditto 12th October. Ditto 56 M 5 Ditto 18th July. Old Broad Street 112 F 5 Chickenpox 23rd May. Philpot Lane 22 M 7 Ditto 27 th May. Queen's Block 47 F 11 Scarlet Fever 19th September. Rose Alley 8 F 6 Chickenpox 20th June. Ditto 16 M 5 Ditto 28th May. Ditto 16 F 4 Ditto 6th June. Ditto 22 F 6 Ditto 26th May. Ditto 33 F 3 Diphtheria 11th April. Ditto 37 M 2 Ditto 11th November. Saint Bartholomew's Hospital - F 61 Encephalitis Lethargica 23rd March. Ditto - F 36 Puerperal Fever 26th June. Ditto - F 28 Scarlet Fever 13th March. Ditto - F 21 Ditto 31st March. Ditto - F 22 Ditto 2nd May. Ditto - M 5 Diphtheria 27th March. Ditto - F 23 Ditto 9th September. Ditto - F 22 Ditto 15th November. Shoe Lane 97a F 7 Ditto 29th March. Ditto 97a M 3 Ditto 31st March. Ditto 97a F 1 Ditto 3rd April. Ditto 97a F 40 Ditto 10th April. Swan Lane 8 F 11 Chickenpox 22nd June. Throgmorton Street 28 F 5 Varicella 27th May. Upper Thames Street 82 M 14 Ditto 5th June. Walbrook 15 M 10 Chickenpox 5th June. West Smithfield 30 F 8 Scarlet Fever 26th December. Ditto 30 F 5 Ditto 28th December. Whistler's Court F 5 Chickenpox 14th April. Ditto - M 12 Ditto 4th May. Whitecross Street 12 M 7 Scarlet Fever 2nd November. 96 APPENDIX C.—REGISTER OF HOUSES LET IN LODGINGS OR OCCUPIED BY MEMBERS OF MORE THAN ONE FAMILY. WEST DISTRICT. ]Situation of Premises. Name and Address of Landlord. Tenements. Lodgers. 20, Bride Lane E. Sharpe, 20, Bride Lane 2 5 5, Britton's Court Mrs. Hurrel, 5, Britton's Court 1 6 9, Broadway, Ludgate Hill F. J. Wells, 9, Broadway 2 4 1, Chapel Place Moravian Mission, 32, Fetter Lane 1 2 2, do. Do. do. 3 9 43, Cloth Fair Mr. C. Taylor, 6, Finsbury Square, E.C. 2 2 5 44, do Do. do. 1 2 45, do W. F. Masters, 45, Cloth Fair 3 10 5, Currier's Row T. Simmons, 5, Currier's Row 2 5 6, do. A. Bedford, 6, do. 2 3 7, do. W. Bampton, 7, do. 1 6 12, do. R. Edwards, 12, do. 2 3 13, do. J. Pringle, 13, do. 1 6 4, Dorset Street E. King, 23, Whitefriars Street 1 1 7, do E. King, 23, Whitefriars Street 1 6 10, East Harding Street Eyre and Spottiswoode, East Harding Street 2 8 11, do. Do. Do. 2 7 12, do. Do. Do. 4 9 2, Evangelist Court Morris & Co., 37, East Road, City Road 2 5 1, Fenton's Buildings Evans, Sons, Lescher & Webb, Ltd.,60, Bartholomew Close 1 5 2, do. Do. do. do. 3 3 42, Fetter Lane W. Read, 102, Fetter Lane 3 6 93, do L. B. Hayward, 93, Fetter Lane 3 10 29, Fleet Lane Messrs. Watney, Combe & Reid, Stag Brewery, Pimlico 4 12 30, do. Do. do. do. 3 9 31, do. Do. do. do. 4 10 1, Great New Street Mrs. J. Barnsley, 1, Great New Street 3 9 2, do. Do. do. 6 10 3, do. Do. do. 5 9 4, do. Goldsmith Company, Goldsmiths' Hall 3 8 13, do. Mr. Lee, 13, Great New Street 2 6 14, do. Mr. A. E. Walker, 14, Great New Street 2 9 15, do. Mrs. A. E. Jackson, 15, Great New Street 4 9 16, do. J. Day, 16, Great New Street 3 5 20, do. F. Wilson, 51, Frankfort Road, Heme Hill 9 -0 21, do. M. Quilty, 21, Great New Street 2 7 5, Green Dragon Court J. Pringle, 58, Chancery Lane 1 6 6, do. Do. do. 2 9 7, do. Do. do. 3 9 6, Greystoke Place W. G. Cuss, 6, Greystoke Place 1 8 7, do. Solicitors' Law Stationery Society, 104 Fetter Lane 4 4 8, do. Do. do. do. 3 7 9, do. Do. do. do. 4 13 2, Gunpowder Alley T. Richardson, 2, Gunpowder Alley 1 6 7J, do. T. Townsend, 259, Essex Road, N. 2 6 8, do. Do. do. 4 8 54, Little Britain J. Boni, 54, Little Britain 1 6 25, do. Mrs. Davis, 25, Little Britain 3 4 79, Long Lane Robert Dyas & Sons, 63, Fore Street 2 6 2, Middle Street F. B. Westacott, 74, Camden Road, N.W. 1 4 3, do. Do. do. 1 5 4 & 5, do J. Hull & Sons, Bartholomew Close 5 10 6, do. Mr. Crook, 6, Middle Street 2 2 20, do. T. Green, 20, Middle Street 1 2 1, Montague Court H. Tenant, 1, Montague Court 3 9 2, do. Mr. G. Hanlan, 2, do. 2 5 3, do. Mrs. Vincent, 3, do. 3 7 4. do. Mrs. F. Smith, 4, do. 3 4 5, do. Miss Saunders, 5, do. 2 8 6, do. Mr. F. J. Swain, 6, do. 3 6 7, Nevill's Court Moravian Mission, 32, Fetter Lane 1 5 8, do. Do. do. 3 6 9, do. Do. do. 3 8 10, do Do. do. 7 12 Carried forward 166 433 97 WEST DISTRICT—continued. Situation of Premises. Name and Address of Landlord. Tenements. Lodgers Brought forward 166 433 11, Nevill's Court Goldsmiths' Company, Goldsmiths' Hall 8 12 12, do. Do. do. 6 14 14, Newbury Street J. W. Neighbour, 2, Ironmonger Row 4 13 57, West Smithfield T. A. Allen, 57, West Smithfield 5 12 13, Wine Office Court Messrs. Reynolds & Eason, 192, Bishopsgate 1 1 14, do. Do. do. 2 5 16, do. Do. do. 2 4 17, do. Do. do. 2 2 Total 196 496 Average number of lodgers to each occupied tenement: 2.5. Houses demolished or closed as dwelling-houses — Tenement houses on Register 72 Cleansing Notices served 93 MIDDLE DISTRICT. 1 and 2, Huggin Court City Parochial Charities Trustees, 3, Temple Gardens 5 11 9, Huggin Lane H. Belcher, 8, Martin's Lane, E.C. 5 5 10, do. H. Willis, 10, Huggin Lane 5 8 Total 15 24 A verage number of lodgers to each occupied tenement: 1.6 Houses demolished or closed as dwelling-houses — Tenement houses on Register 3 Cleansing Notices served 3 EAST DISTRICT. 7, Artillery Lane Clerk to Bishopsgate Institute, Bishopsgate 3 10 9, do. Claude M. Leigh, 268, Bishopsgate 3 6 21, do. Clerk to Bishopsgate Institute, Bishopsgate 3 7 10, Brushfield Street Reynolds & Eason, 192 Bishopsgate 6 7 12, do. Luke Cohen, 12, Brushfield Street 2 3 14, do. Clerk to Bishopsgate Institute, Bishopsgate 7 9 1, Circus, Minories S. Moses, 65, Mansell Street 6 21 2, do. T. Shaw, 2, Circus, Minories 1 4 3, do. W. Lewis, 3, do. 3 7 4, do. W. Wisdom, 4, do. 4 8 5, do. T. Groves, 5, do. 4 4 7, do. City Corporation, Guildhall 8 11 3, Crown Place, Aldgate W. Harper, 3, Crown Place 1 2 5, Duke Street Imbert Terry & Co., 28a, Basinghall Street 1 1 6, India Street, Minories B. Marks, 6, India Street 1 1 1, Hutchison Avenue Mrs. Hardy, 1, Middlesex Street 2 4 3, do. E. Pooler, 3, Hutchison Avenue 1 2 4, do. Morris Cohen, 4, Hutchison Avenue 1 3 6, do. S. Owen, 6, Hutchison Avenue 2 6 7, do. A. Miller, 7, do. 1 2 10, do. C. Zeffie, 10, do. 2 2 12, do. A. Cohen, 11, do. 3 3 13, do. City Corporation, Guildhall 2 8 14, do. P. Sugarman, 14, Hutchison Avenue 1 1 21, do. City Corporation, Guildhall 2 6 22, do. B. Dubowski, 22, Hutchison Avenue 2 o 23, do. J Cronie, 23, do. 2 6 24, do. S. Ereira, 24, do. 1 1 5, Hutchison Street J. Silver, 5, Hutchison Street 1 2 6, do. J. Soloman, 6, do. 4 5 10, do. I. Levy, 10, do. 1 1 17, do. A. Cohen, 17, do. 1 1 18, do. E. Joseph, 18, do. 1 2 Janes Buildings, 2, Hutchison City Corporation, Guildhall Street. 2 11 Carried forward 85 160 98 EAST DISTRICT—continued. Situation of Premises. Name and Address of Landlord. Tenements. Lodgers. Brought forward 85 169 15, New St., Gravel Lane H. Norden, 15 New Street, Gravel Lane 2 2 22, do. B. Levy, 22, do. 1 1 23, do. J. Elsley, 23, do. 2 2 27, do. E. Marks, 27, do. 1 2 30, do. E. Hassan, 30, do. 3 3 40, do. M. Roche, 40, do. 1 1 3, Three Crown Court, Jewry Place Mr. Martin, 14, Seething Lane 3 5 3, Vine Street, Minories City Corporation, Guildhall 4 13 5, do. Do. do. 3 15 18, Widegate Street S. Franks, 18, Widegate Street 2 5 21, do. A. & A. Field, 95, Whitechapel Road 6 6 24, do. W. I. Crane, 25, Widegate Street 3 6 25, do. Do. do. 3 4 2, Goodman's Yard Charrington, Brewers, Mile End Road 3 3 5, Artillery Lane Clerk to Bishopsgate Institute, Bishopsgate 6 9 Total 128 246 Average number of persons to each occupied tenement: 1.9 Houses demolished or closed as dwelling-houses 2 Tenement houses on Register 49 Cleansing Notices served 28 99 APPENDIX D.—LIST OF ADOPTIVE ACTS, BYE-LAWS AND LOCAL REGULATIONS, RELATING TO PUBLIC HEALTH, IN FORCE IN THE CITY OF LONDON. ADOPTIVE ACTS.—Nil. ADOPTIVE ORDERS. Subject. Date adopted. Sanitary Accommodation Sanitary Accommodation Order, 1903 Sept., 1904. BYE-LAWS. Vendors of Fried Fish London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1908, Sec. 9 Jan., 1914. Fish Curers ditto ditto ditto. Slaughtering of Cattle Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Sec. 19 .... May, 1911. Prevention of Nuisances arising from Snow, Ice, Salt, Dust, Ashes, Rubbish, Offal, Carrion, Fish or Filth, or other matter or thing in any street City of London Sewers Act, 1897; Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Sec. 16 Feb., 1894. Prevention of nuisance arising from offensive matters running out of any manufactories, breweries, slaughterhouses, knackers' yard, butchers, or fishmongers' shop, or dunghill ditto ditto ditto. Prevention of keeping of animals on any premises in such a manner as to be a nuisance ditto. ditto. ditto. As to the paving of yards or open spaces in connection with ing houses ditto ditto ditto. Keeping W.C.'s supplied with a sufficient supply of water ditto ditto Sec. 37 Feb., 1894. Cleansing of Cisterns ditto ditto Sec. 50 ditto. Water Closet, Earth Closet, &c City of London (Various Powers) Act, 1900 Sept., 1909. Houses Let in Lodgings Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Sec. 94 Jan., 1905. Demolition of Buildings City of London (Public Health) Act, 1902, Sec. 5 July, 1904. Ash Pits City of London (Various Powers) Act, 1900, Sec. 54 June, 1925. Business of Slaughterer of Poultry Public Health (London) Act, 1891 July, 1925. REGULATIONS. Soda Water Agreed Regulations to control trade 1908. Hairdressers ditto ditto ditto Nov., 1904. Kitchens of Restaurants and above- ground Bakehouses ditto ditto ditto Jan., 1904. Milk Stores and Milk Shops Dairies, Cowsheds & Milkshops Order, 1885 July, 1903. Ice Cream Regulations adopted by the Corporation Nov., 1902. Common Lodging Houses City of London Sewers Act, 1851 & 1897 Oct., 1902. House Drainage Regulations adopted by the Corporation Sept., 1898.