Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX. ACCOUNT IN ABSTRACT OF RECEIPT & EXPENDITURE For the Year ending 25th March, 1880, TOGETHER WITH A Summary Statement of all Contracts entered into, AND OF Moneys due to and Debts owing by the Vestry to that day; ALSO, THE TWENTY-FOURTH ANNUAL REPORT BY THE VESTRY, WITH A LIST OF ITS SEVERAL MEMBERS AND OFFICERS. LONDON: FORSAITH BROTHERS, PRINTERS, 329, BETHNAL GREEN ROAD, E. 1880. THE VESTRY OF THE PARISH OF ST. MATTHEW, BETIINAL GREEN, In the County of Middlesex UNDER THE METROPOLIS LOCAL MANAGEMENT ACT. REV. SEPTIMUS C. H. HANSARD, M.A., RECTOR. Years to EAST WARD. Serve. 1 AMES, Mr. THOMAS 93, Green street 3 BAUGH, Mr. GEORGE 146, Green street 1 BRADBROOK, Mr. THOS. FREDERICK 117, Green street 3 edroff, Mr. WILLIAM 26, Old Ford road 2 ETR1DGE, Mr. JOSEPH 492, Bethnal Green road 1 HALL, Mr. JOHN Old Ford road 2 HILDITCH, Mr. JAMES GEORGE 208, Grove road 2 LOVEDAY, Mr. GEORGE 210, Cambridge road 3 PITT, Mr. JAMES 170, Grove road 1 RICHARDSON, Mr. WILLIAM Bonner road 1 RIPPIN, Mr. THOMAS HENRY 195, Green street 3 STONELEY, Mr. FREDERICK GEORGE 28, Roman road 2 WARD, Mr. EDWIN 13, Victoria Park square 3 WEBB, Mr. GEORGE SAMUEL 33, Old Ford road 2 WRIGHT, Mr. THIOMAS Bridge Wharf, Old Ford road WATSON, Mr. JOHN, 6, Sewardstone road East.—Auditor, WEST WARD. 1 CHILLING WORTH, Mr. ROBT. JESSE 20, Mount street 2 COLLINS, Mr. WILLIAM DAVIS 40, Old Castle street 2 DYER, Mr. WILLIAM 184, Bethnal Green road 3 EWIN, Mr. ALFRED 25, Columbia road 2 FRANCIS, Mr. THOMAS WATSON 2, Hackney road 1 GOULD, Mr. HENRY COLLINS 7A,Gibraltar walk 3 JACOBS, Mr. JOSEPH 27, Fournier street 1 KEY, Mr. THOMAS 122, Brick lane 2 NICHOLSON, Mr. GEORGE HENRY 124, Bethnal Green road 1 PAYNE, Mr. GEORGE FREDERICK 180, Bethnal Green road 1 PERRIN, Mr. WILLIAM 162, Hackney road 3 RICHARDSON, Mr. JNO. C. BAYLIFFE 117 Brick lane 2 SCHMIDT, Dr. ALFRED EDWIN 150, Bethnal Green road 3 SM1THER, Mr. DANIEL 142, Hackney road 3 THARP, Mr. WILLIAM ANTHONY 30, Hare street MEAN, Mr. THOMAS, 10, Gibraltar walk.—Auditor. 3 Years to NORTH WARD. Serve. 2 ATTWELL, Mr. ORLANDO THOMAS 278, Hackney road 2 BARNARD, Mr. ALFRED 76, Columbia road 1 BEALE, Mr. ROBERT Oval, Hackney road 3 BISHOP, Mr. JAMES 35, Approach road 3 COOK, Mr. THOMAS 435, Hackney road 1 EDWARDS. Mr. JAMES HENRY Mansford street 2 EVERITT, Mr. THOMAS CHARLES 18, Sheldon place, Mansford street 1 HOOPER, Mr. WILLIAM 107, Old Ford road 1 LATHAM, Dr. CHARLES WILLIAM 442, Hackney road 3 LUCKHURST, Mr. THOMAS 8, Providence place, Columbia road 2 MILBOURN, Mr. JAMES 176,Columbia road 3 NORRIS, Mr. JOSEPH 220, Cambridge road HASLOP, Mr. THOMAS, 409, Hackney road.—Auditor. SOUTH WARD. 2 ABBOTT, Mr. JAMES 81, Approach road 3 AVENELL, Mr. WILLIAM JAMES 63, Squirries street 3 BAKER, Mr. WILLIAM HARDING 78, Approach road 2 BENSON, Mr. JOSEPH HEATON 12, Menotti street 2 BEVEN, Mr. THOMAS King Edward road and Pollard row 3 COKE,The Rev. EDWARD FRANCIS The Vicarage,St. James the Great, Bethnal 1 COOK, Mr. JOHN 2, Old Bethnal Green road [Green rd. 1 FORREST, Mr. CHRISTOPHER 17, Victoria Park square 2 GREEN, Mr. GEORGE Hollybush gardens 1 HENDERSON, Rev. HENRY GLASS Holy Trinity, Church street 1 LINK, Mr. JOHN DAVID 30, Weaver street 2 MEADWAY, Mr. GEORGE 354, Bethnal Green road 3 PEREIRA, Mr. HENRY 429, Bethnal Green road 3 WENTZELL, Mr. ANDREW Victoria Park YETTON, Mr. WILLIAM 248, Globe street MITCHELL, Mr. JOSEPH, 303, Bethnal Green road—Auditor. Member for the Parish of the Metropolitan Board of Works. ALFRED EWIN, Esq., Norlington House, Leytonstone. Medical Officer of Health. GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, Esq., M.D., 412, Bethnal Green road. Surveyor. Mr. WILLIAM HENRY GATHERCOLE, The Vestry Hall. Assistant Surveyor. Mr. JOHN ALFRED THARP, The Vestry Hall. 4 Collectors of Poor, General, and other Rates. Mr. WILLIAM ISAAC SHENTON, 79, Gore road, Victoria Park.—East Ward. Mr. HENRY LIEBRECHT, 35, Approach road, Victoria Park.— North Division, West Ward. Mr. WILLIAM NATHANIEL EAGLES, 26, Approach road, Victoria Park.—South Division, West Ward. Mr. EUSTACE SHEPHERD SMITH, 62, Bonner road, Victoria Park.—North Ward. Mr. HENRY JOHN BLISS, 164, Bethnal Green road.—South Ward. Beadle. Mr. JOHN WILLIAM BURROWS, Ivy Cottage, West street, Bishop's road, Cambridge Heath. Sanitary Inspectors. Mr. JOHN WILLIAM BURROWS. Mr. WILLIAM WALTER BURROWS, and The Vestry Hall, Mr. JOSHUA LAPWORTH. Vestry Hall Keeper. Mr. WILLIAM PAGE. ROBERT VOSS, Vestry Clerk. office.—The Vestry Hall, Church Row, Bethnal Green Road. Memorandum. We, the undersigned Auditors for the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, having duly examined and investigated the Accounts of the said Vestry, from the 25th day of March, 1879, to the 25th day of March, 1880, and the Vouchers in support of the same, together with the Books, Papers, Instruments, and Writings relating thereto, Do hereby Certify that we have this day Audited such Accounts at the Vestry Hall, Church Row, Bethnal Green Road, in the said Parish, and the same are true and correct. Given under our hands this 10th day of May, 1880, (Signed) JOHN WATSON, THOMAS MEAN, JOSEPH MITCHELL, Auditors.THOMAS HASLOP, The Vestry of the Parish of St. Mathew, Bethnal Green in the Count of Middlesex. Abstract and Summary of Accounts from the 25th day of March, 1879, to the 25th day of March, 1880. GENERAL RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s d £ s. d. Balance in hand at Lady-day, 1879 3701 1 7 Interest on Mortgages by late Paving Commissioners 427 0 1 Amount paid into Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1879, of Rate made at Christmas, 1878 1543 5 6 Collecttor' Pounding 649 1 10 Compensation Annuity to Collector of the late Paving Commissioners 29 7 6 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Lady-day, 1879, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Midsummer 8120 10 2 Roads—Labour, Carting, Steam Roller, Granite, Hard Core, Implements, &c 6250 13 5 Scavenging 6496 15 10 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Midsummer, 1879, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Michaelmas 8205 18 9 Paving Repair and Altertion 682 1 3 Light 4061 14 11 Incidentals—Repairs to Hall and Offices, Tree Guards, and Gas Lanterns, Coal, and Petty Disbursements. 367 12 9 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Michaelmas, 1879, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Christmas 8206 11 11 Watering—Repairs to Hydrants, &c., and for Water 184 8 3 One Year's Rent of Wharf less Tax 29 7 6 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Christmas, 1879, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank on the 25th March, 1880 6402 0 0 Principal of Bond for £500 granted by late Paving Commissioners 500 0 0 Nuisances—Disinfectants, Bedding, Removing Dead Bodies,allowance to SanitaryInspectors,Returns&c. 311 19 2 New Streets 236 16 7 Mortuary 1067 8 6 Paving Licences 84 1 2 Roads 228 15 3 Metropolitan Board of Works—Second Instalment of loan £20.000 1000 0 0 For Broken Lamp 3 11 0 Interest on balance of Loan 6 15 0 Interest allowed by bank 13 6 8 Royal Exchange Assurance— For old Iron and Fire Engine 11 4 0 Fourteenth Annual Instalment of £10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 6th December, 1865 500 0 0 Mortuary Tenders 7 17 6 Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year 171 7 2 Scavenging Fine 1 0 0 Twelfth Annual Instalment of £10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 11th July, 1867 500 0 0 Carriageway Entrance 36 5 2 £36,802 5 7 . Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year, at 5 per cent 208 1 5 London Life Association— Twelfth Annual Instalment of Loan of £16,000 advanced on Mortgage, 5th December, 1867 800 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year,at 4½ per cent 317 5 0 Tenth Annual Instalment of £7,000 advanced on Mortgage, 8th April, 1869 350 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4½ 161 18 7 Tenth Annual Instalment of Loan of £10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 3rd March, 1870 500 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year, at 242 6 11 School Board for London 7397 11 7 Income Tax on Bonds and Mortgages to April, 1879. 36 5 8 Assessment Committee—Balance of Expenses of 189 17 9 Patriot Square Improvement—Purchase of Land and 168 5 3 Half of Payments for—Printing, Books, Stipends, Stationery, Overseers' Expenses, and Sundry Charges Common to General and Sewers Rats 1121 18 11 Balance on 25th of March, 1880. 1386 1 4 £36,802 5 7 SEWERS RATES. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Amount paid into Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1879, of Rate made at Christmas, 1878 441 18 6 Balance at Lady-day, 1879, being an excess of Expenditure over Receipts. 705 14 7 Amount of Rate at 2d. in the £, made at Midsummer 1879, and Arrears of former rate collected at Michaelmas 2344 5 6 Collectors' Poundage 88 1 8 Cleansing, Repairs, and Flushing Sewers 883 13 10 Incidentals- Boots,Timber, &c. 30 14 3 Amount of Rate at Id. in the£, made at Christmas, I879, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Lady- day1880 899 0 0 140 9 6 Eagle Life Office— Last Annual Instalment of £5000 advanced on Mortgage,4th August,1859 250 0 0 Licence 62 5 0 Construction of Sewers—Contribution by Mr. Everitt, for Sewer in Sheldon-place 8 6 8 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4¾ percent 250 0 0 , London Life Association— Sixteenth Annual Instalment of £7000 advanced on 350 0 0 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4½ 77 2 4 Income Tax to April, 1879, on Mortgages Half of Payments for—Printing, Books, Stipends, 2 6 10 Stationery, Overseers' Expenses, and Sundry Charges common to General and Sewer Rates 1121 19 0 Balance 99 17 5 £ 3755 15 8 A "3755 15 8 METROPOLITAN CONSOLIDATED RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s d £ s. d. Balance at Lady-day, 1879 621 17 0 Collectors' Poundage 132 9 4 Amount paid into the Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1879, of Rate made at Michaelmas, 1878 36 5 1 Metropolitan Board of Works, pursuant to their Precept 7788 7 9 Amount of Rate at 3d. in the £, made at Lady-day, 1879, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank at Midsummer, 1879 3510 19 7 Amount of Rate at 3d. in the pound, made at Michaelmas, 1879, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank, at Lady-day, 1880 3479 4 8 Balance 272 14 9 £7920 17 1 £7920 17 1 SUMMARY. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance due from Metropolitan Consolidated Rate 272 14 9 Balance of General Account 1386 1 4 Balance at Central Bank of London 1235 10 2 Ditto of Sewer's Account 99 17 5 Less Uncleared Cheques— 1880, Jan. Wood £9 15 10 ,, Feb. Washington 9 15 10 „ „ Stanley 2 14 6 22 6 2 1213 4 0 £1485 18 9 £1485 18 9 MONEYS DUE TO, AND DEBTS OWING BY, THE VESTRY ON THE 25TH MARCH, 1880. MONEYS DUE TO MONEYS OWING BY £ S. d. £ s. d. Central Bank of London, as per foregoing Summary. 1235 10 2 Stipends 471 5 0 Amount of Ratesmade at Christmas, paidafter Quarter day by Five Collectors into Central Bank of London 940 8 3 Poundage to Five Collectors 184 19 2 Compensation Annuity 915 0 0 Arrears of General Rate at Ladv-dav, 1880 225 17 7 Gas light and Coke Company 915 14 Ditto Sewers ditto 29 10 0 Mr. Joseph Brooks—Smith's Work 9 18 8 Ditto Metropolitan Consolidated 2 7 9 R. Wright's Executors—Rent of 'Wharf 15 0 0 Gas Light and Coke Company, for Trenches 1608 2 11 Commercail Gas Company 81 5 6 Mr Ward for Carting 40 11 6 Mr. Cramp for Bedding 9 6 6 Income Tax 34 17 6 Forsaith Brothers- Printing 43 10 3 Mr.J.J Griffiths for Bills passed 1869 19 7 Mr. J. J. Griffiths Not passed (about) 2000 0 0 Burrows—Removing Dead Bodies and care of tuary 7 0 0 School Board for London—one quarter of Precept 2092 4 3 East London Water Company 27 2 0 Sundry Small Bills 20 0 0 Metropolitan Board of Works—Costs of Mortgage . 26 2 0 160 0 0 Mr. Wire- Carpenter 5 10 0 Messrs. Thomerson—Mortuary Foundations, &c. 363 12 5 LIABILITIES. Amount unpaid of Mortgages, granted by the late Paving Commission, and chargeable on the General Rate, £10,600. Compensation Annuity of £30, payable for life to a Collector of the late Paving Commission. £1400—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £7000, borrowed of the London Life Association in December, 1863, for defraying costs of construction of New Sewers, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £3000—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000, borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in December, 1865, towards defraying cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent, per annum. £4000—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000, borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in July, 1867, towards defraying cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets,'' and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent. per annum. £6400—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for£16,000, borrowed of the London Life Association in December, 1867, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageways of Hackney Road and Whitechapel Road, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent, per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent, per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £3500—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £7000, borrowed of the London Life Association in April, I869, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageway of Green Street, and the unpaved portion of the Carriageway of Bethnal Green Road, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent, per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent, per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £5000—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000, borrowed of the London Life Association in March, 1870, for defraying the cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets," and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent, per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £18000 Balance of Loan for £20,000, borrowed of the Metropolitan Board of Works in March, 1878, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageways of various Streets, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 15s. percent. per annum. £15,000—Borrowed of the Metropolitan Board of Works in March, 1880, £13,000, for defraying cost of Carriageway Paving and cost of Footway Paving between the Parks, and £2,000 for constructing Mortuary at £3 15s. per cent. 13 RATES MADE BY THE VESTRY. LADY-DAY, 1879. Poor Rate at os. 7d. in the £ General ditto at os. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at os. 3d. ,, 1s.5d. MIDSUMMER, 1879. Poor Rate at os. 8d. in the £ General ditto at os. 7d. ,, Sewers ditto at os. 2d. ,, Composition ditto at os. 1d. ,, 1s. 6d. MICHAELMAS, 1879. Poor Rate at os. 8d. in the £ General ditto at os. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at os. 3d. ,, 1s. 6d. CHRISTMAS, 1879. Poor Rate at os. 9d. in the £ General ditto at os. 7d. ,, Sewers ditto at os. 1d. „ 1s. 5d. Total Rates in the £ for the Year 5s. 10d. 14 CONTRACTS Entered into by the Vestry during the year ended 25th March, 1880. Date. With For 1879.—June 19 Mr. Crane Scavenging and Watering No. 1 District from 11th August, 1879, to 10th August, 1880, both in elusive, £1540 ,, ,, 19 Mr. Parsons No. 2 District, £1540 Ditto No. 3 do., £1680 ,, Sep. 22 Messrs. Jukes, Coulson, Flushing Boxes at 5/- each, and Stokes, & Co. Gully Gratings at 13/6 each .. Sep. 29 Messrs. Sargeant & Sons Fifteen tons of Coal at 20/6 per ton ,, Dec. 4 Mr. Key, jun. Bass Brooms, 18/- per doz., Broom Handles, 2/- per doz. ,, ,, 4 Mr. Alfred Stokes Judd, Builder For erection of the Mortuary in the Churchyard of St. Matthew, at £1375 1880.—Jan. 1 Messrs. McFarlane & Co Fifty Lamp Columns to pattern, at each £3 4s. „ Feb. 5 Messrs. Clark & Hunt To erection of a Urinal in Turville Street at £32 Messrs. Hopkins & Peggs For Re-dyeing, &c., Curtains in Board Room at £10 10/- Messrs. Doulton & Co. Lime, Pipes REDEMPTION OF MORTGAGES GRANTED BY LATE PAVING COMMISSIONERS. Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1879 599 0 0 Paid at Michaelmas, 1879, Mortgage for £500, to Assignees of Mr. Charles Cornish 500 0 0 £99 0 0 To 4 per cent. on £10,600 424 0 0 Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1880 £523 0 0 REPORT of the Proceedings of the Vestry of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, from the 25th March, 1879, to the 25th March, 1880. SCAVENGING. In May tenders for the execution of the work from August, 1879, to August, 1880, were advertised for, but none were sent except by the then contractors, and at prices exceeding by £430 the total of the prices for the year ending August, 1879. The Works Committee recommended that the tenders should not be accepted, having regard to the price of provender and to the fact that more of the carriageways had been paved. The recommendation was adopted, and the subject of providing for the execution of the work was referred to the Committee. The contractors then offered to do the work for the year ending 10th August, 1880, at the same prices as for the year ending August, 1879. The offers were accepted. FOURNIER'S CHARITY. One of the applicants was disqualified by having received parochial relief within two years. Three other of the applicants had received the gift before, and a resolution that they be not elected recipients having passed, their names were not put on the balloting papers. 16 The following fourteen candidates were elected, and received the gift of £10 each:— Asser, Samuel, 17, Church row. Bailey, John Robert, 2, Knottisford street. Beedham, Joseph, 35, Seabright street. Calvert, John, 30, Orange street. Clark, William 10, Robert street. Dobson, Louisa, 9, Bayst Terrace. Evans, Mary, 2, Gale's gardens. Goodbody, Elizabeth, 15, Ravenscroft street. Leather, Ann, 21, Weaver street. Lidgold, Louisa, 2, Wellington place. Poyton, James, 275, Green street. Savage, Jemima, 2, St. Peter's street. Sodo, Elizabeth, 11, Prospect place. Waller, George, 8, Hague street. LEVERINGTON CHARITY. The surviving qualified recipients of last year were elected recipients for this year. To make up the full number of 40 the following six persons were elected by ballot, out of eighteen candidates, to be recipients of the gift for the year:— Butler, Catherine, II, Wolverley street. Cleaverly, James, 9, Abingdon street. Christmas, Charlotte, 26, Globe road. Mason, James, 2, Surat place. Salter, Eliza, 21, Rushmead street. Yerworth, William, 3, Teale street. METROPOLITAN BOARD OF WORKS PRECEPT. The amount required by the Board to be paid in equal instalments in June and December, 1880, is £8533 11s. 2d., being £745 3s. 5. more than the amount of the last precept. The amount called for by the Board will require a levy of about 8d. in the pound. SCHOOL BOARD PRECEPT. The amount required by the Board to be paid in quarterly instalments in the year 1880, is £8368 17s. 3d., being an increase of £ 1078 13s. 3d. on the precept for last year. 17 NEW CARRIAGEWAY PAVING, The paving of the carriageway of the part of Roman Road in this parish has been satisfactorily completed. The total cost was £1904. 5s. 3d. Of this £1381 8s. 8d. was paid, with the balance of the £ 20,000 borrowed in 1878 for carriageway paving, and the interest allowed by the bank; the residue, £512 16s., 7d., was paid out of the General Rate. In November the Vestry determined to pave the carriageways of the following streets and roads :— Columbia road from Hassard Gibraltar walk to Gosset street street, including Crescent Vincent street place, to Hackney road Turville street London street Half Nichol street Brady street New street Three Colts lane New Nichol street Cleaveland street Old Nichol street Devonshire street Cross street The Broadway and the end of New Turville street Columbia road Nichols row Hassard street, Wellington row, Bacon street and Gibraltar walk James street The Vestry at the same time determined to pave the footways of the part of Grove road between the parks. The wholework was estimated to cost /13061 us. iod., and it was resolved to apply to the Metropolitan Board of Works to advance £ 13,000 towards defraying the cost of the work. The Board made the loan on the terms of it being repaid by twenty equal annual instalments with interest at £l 15s. percent. The mortgage to the Board was sealed by the Vestry on the 4th March, and the advance was completed on the following day. The Vestry have arranged with Mr. J. J. Griffiths to execute the work on terms deemed most favourable to the Vestry, and the contract is being prepared at the date of this report. There being urgent necessity for the paving in Cleveland street being laid without delay, the contractor has with the approval of the Vestry begun the work without waiting for the formal contract being sealed. 18 MORTUARY. The further hearing of the suit in the Ecclesiastical Court took place on the 11th day of August. Mr. Merceron again appeared by counsel, but practically no opposition wasoffered. The Chancellordecided to grant the faculty, of which the following is a copy:— JOHN, by Divine permission Bishop of London, to all whom it may concern, more especially to the Reverend Septimus Cox Holmes Hansard, Clerk, the Rector, and George Henry Nicholson and Alfred Ewin, the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and within our Diocese and jurisdiction, greeting. Whereas it has been represented unto the Worshipful Thomas Hutchinson Tristram, Doctor of Laws, our Vicar-General, by a Petition under the hands of the Reverend Septimus Cox Holmes Hansard, Clerk, the Rector, and George Henry Nicholson and Alfred Ewin, the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, aforesaid, that on the Twenty-fourth day of January, One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven the Petitioners, the Reverend Septimus Cox Holmes Hansard, and John Cook and Joseph Jacobs, the then Churchwardens of the Parish, presented their petition praying our said Vicar-General to decree a Licence or Faculty to issue authorising or empowering them and the Vestry of the Parish to erect a Mortuary in the Churchyard of the said Parish in accordance with certain plans or drawings then deposited in our Registry, and authorising the removal of any coffins or bodies which might be discovered, and which it might be necessary to remove in the course of the erection thereof to some other part of the churchyard. That a Citation with Intimation was thereupon issued and served, and appearances were entered to the said Citation on behalf of Henry Merceron and Arthur Wilson, alleging themselves to be inhabitants and parishioners of the said Parish, and praying that the prayer of the then Petitioners should be rejected. That on the Twenty-seventh day of August a reply which, among other things, denied that the said Henry Merceron and Arthur Wilson or either of them were Parishioners or inhabitants of the said Parish, or had any interest to entitle them to oppose the grant of the proposed Faculty, was filed on behalf of these Petitioners, and on the Twenty-third day of October a Rejoinder was filed on behalf of the then objectors. That Affidavits were then filed on behalf of either party, and the Cause or business came on for the cross-examination of the Deponents and for hearing on the 10th, 14th, 21st, and 28th day of January, One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight. That on the fifteenth day of April our said VicarGeneral was pleased to declare that he would be prepared to grant a Faculty for the erection of a Mortuary in two separate compartments; one for the reception of bodies dying from infectious complaints, and the other for the reception of bodies not dying from infectious complaints, together with a post-mortem room in the said Churchyard, provided such Mortuary be placed back fifty feet or thereabouts from the road on either side, but rejected so much of the application for the Faculty as applied to the erection of such Mortuary upon the site proposed, and to the erection of Coroner's and Living Rooms over the Mortuary; and further ordered that the further consideration of the case should be adjourned in order that a fresh plan should be submitted to the Vestry of the said Parish and to the further consideration of the Court. That the present Petitioners have accordingly caused other plans for a Mortuary to be prepared, which are now filed in our Registry on five sheets 19 marked Nos. I., II., III., IV., and V. That these plans have been approved of by the present Petitioners, the Rector of the said Parish, and by the Churchwardens thereof, and by the Vestry thereof. That, according to these plans, the compartments for the reception of bodies dying from infectious complaints and bodies not dying from infectious complaints are separate compartments. That the plans include a room for post-mortem examinations. That the proposed Mortuary is placed back fifty feet from the road on either side. That in the proposed Mortuary there will be no Coroner's and Living Rooms. That the proposed Mortuary will be highly beneficial to the moral and sanitary interests of the Parishioners and inhabitants of the Parish, and its erection is, on all grounds, most desirable, And whereas the said Petitioners have humbly besought our said Vicar-General, to decree a Licence or Faculty for the purposes aforesaid and for the removal of any Coffins, Tombstones, Graves, or Vaults (if any) which may be discovered, and which it may be necessary to remove in the course of the erection thereof to some other part of the churchyard. And whereas, by direction of our said Vicar-General a Notice or Citation was duly served by affixing the same on the principal outer door of the Parish Church of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, aforesaid, citing all persons having or pretending to have any Interest to show cause why a Licence or Faculty should not issue for the purposes aforesaid. And whereas our said Vicar-General rightly and duly proceeding hath on the due execution and return of the said Notice or Citation, and having on the Eleventh day of August last past first examined Alfred Ewin, one of the Churchwardens, in support of the said Petition, Decreed a Licence or Faculty to be granted to the Rector and Churchwardens and their successors in office, to the intent and in manner, and subject to the provisoes and reservations hereinafter appearing. Therefore we, the Bishop of London, well weighing and considering the premises, do, by virtue of our authority, Ordinary and Episcopal, and as far as in us lies, and by Law we may or can, ratify and confirm such Decree of our said Vicar-General, and do hereby give and grant unto the Reverend Septimus Cox Holmes Hansard, Clerk, the Rector, and George Henry Nicholson and Alfred Ewin, the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, aforesaid our Leave, Licence, or Faculty, authorizing them and their successors in office to erect a Mortuary with a Post-mortem Room on a site midway between the Church and the private pathway leading to the Rectory House, being about Twenty feet from the said Pathway and fifty feet from the public Roads or Streets on either side of the said Churchyard, and otherwise in accordance with the said Plans annexed to the said Petition and filed in our Registry. Provided that the side windows (if any) to the rooms appropriated for the reception of the dead Bodies and for the Post-mortem examinations shall be made so as not to open; and provided also that the Parishioners and inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, and the owners and occupiers of houses and premises in the neighbourhood of the said Churchyard shall be at liberty at any time hereafter to apply summarily on motion to the Court for a further Order for their protection against any annoyance that may be created to the neighbourhood by the manner of the admission of Dead Bodies into the said Mortuary, and otherwise in relation to the management of the said Mortuary; and provided further that the Bodies or Remains which require to be removed in erecting the said Mortuary with a Post-mortem Room be so removed with the greatest care and decorum and deposited as near as possible to their present position in some other part of the said Churchyard, and that the Tombstones be also carefully removed and placed over the same. In 20 testimony whereof we have caused the Seal of our said Vicar-General, which we use in this behalf, to be affixed to these presents. Dated at London this Eleventh day of August, in the year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and in the Eleventh year of our Translation. JOHN B. LEE, Registrar. The subject of what steps should be taken for the erection of the Mortuary was referred to a special committee, consisting of the members of the Works and Sanitary Committee. The recommendations of the Special Committee that the cost of the Mortuary should not be defrayed out of current rates, but by borrowed money to be repaid by annual instalments; that a separate contract should be taken for the work incident to the removal of bodies, graves, and tombstones; and that the quantities of the proposed building should be taken out by a quantity surveyor, were adopted; afterwards it was thought better, and it was determined, to request the Churchwardens to undertake the work of making the necessary excavation for the mortuary, and re-interring any bodies found. The Churchwardens consented to undertake the work, and the excavation for the mortuary, the removal of tombstones, the removal and reinterment of bodies,and the laying of the required concrete foundation was done under the superintendence of the churchwardens. The parish thus had the benefit of the special knowledge of and experience in such matters of the then Upper-Warden Mr. Ewin. Tenders for the erection of the Mortuary were received at a meeting held on December the 4th. The tender of Mr. Alfred Stokes Judd, of 5, York street, Globe road, Mile End, at £1375, was the lowest of the twelve tenders sent in, and was accepted; and the contract was subsequently executed by Mr. Judd and his sureties. The contract provided for the completion of the work by the 25th March, but the badness of the weather caused much delay. The building is, however nearly completed, and the work has been executed in a satisfactory manner. 21 RE-NUMBERING AND RE-NAMING OF STREETS. Pursuant to orders of the Metropolitan Board of Works—so much of the old part of Bethnal Green road as extends from Mount street to High street, Shoreditch, and formerly called Church street, has been re-named Church street. Wellington street, Brady street has been re-named Pereira street. Prospect place and Bishop's road have been named Bishop's road throughout, and re-numbered, and the subsidiary names therein abolished. Rushmead Street and Mansford Street have been named Mansford Street throughout, and Sheep lane has been re-numbered. NORTH METROPOLITAN TRAMWAYS. The extension of the Grove road Tramway from Old Ford road to Cassland road, in Hackney,has been completed, and, after inspection by the officers of the Board of Trade, has been opened for traffic. The Tramway Company deposited a plan shewing the lines they proposed to obtain Parliamentary powers to lay down along Bethnal Green road from their lines in Cambridge road to those in High street, Shoreditch. A petition to the Vestry of inhabitants of Bethnal Green road asking the Vestry to withhold their consent to the Company's Bill was presented. The Paliamentary Committee reported that if it were possible to extend the proposed lines down Green street and Eastward, they would be useful; but that the lines proposed would be of little use to the public; and recommended that a petition against the Bill should be presented, and that the Committee should negotiate with the Company for the insertion in the Bill of clauses protecting the rights of the Parish, and securing greater facilities for compelling the Company to perform their obligations to repair the roads, and such other clauses as might be for the interest of the Parish. The report of the Parliamentary Committee was referred to a Special Committee consisting of the members of the Works and Parliamentary Committees. Subsequently there were presented to the Vestry petitions of inhabitants and ratepayers of and in Bethnal Green road, and from inhabitants and ratepayers of the Parish, praying the Vestry to give their consent to the Bill, subject to such amendments as might seem requisite for the interest of the Parish. 22 The Special Committee recommended that the consent of the Vestry to the construction of the proposed Tramway should be given, on condition that the Company would repave the road from Gibraltar walk to White street, and pay for the paving in the other parts of Bethnal Green road, at the rate of 12s. per square yard, at a width of 18 feet; that passengers on the proposed Tramways be carried from Cambridge road to the Company's terminus in Norton Folgate and any intermediate distance at a penny fare; that the rails should be of the most improved modern description, and the parts over which the cars pass should be of steel; that a special clause should be inserted in the Bill empowering the Vestry to repair paving reparable by the Company, after seven days' notice to the Company, and to charge the Company with the cost, to be recovered by action; and that the Certificate of the Surveyor of the Vestry should be conclusive evidence of the amount of cost. The dissolution of Parliament prevented, up to the date of this Report, any further progress of the Company's Bill, but from a letter to the Vestry from the engineer of the Company it appears probable the Company would abandon the Bill. CLOSING BACON STREET. The Vestry were urged, notwithstanding the decision (mentioned in the last Report) of the Metropolitan Board of Works to close the western end of Bacon street, to make efforts to keep the street open, and the Vestry proposed to buy the site of the part of the street proposed to be closed, but the Board declined to entertain the application. STEAM ROAD ROLLER. The subject of buying a roller was referred to the Works Committee. After a report by the Surveyor as to the advantages the purchase of the roller would secure, the Committee recommended acceptance of the offer of Messrs. Aveling & Porter to supply a fifteen-ton roller, including fittings and utensils, at £567 10s.; to allow a month's trial of the roller at a cost of £40, if the Vestry after trial decided not to buy. The time allowed for the trial of the roller was extended to three months, and it appearing from a report of the Surveyor that a 23 saving would be effected by buying the roller, it was resolved to purchase it. Since opening the negotiation with Messrs. Aveling and Porter, they had reduced their prices, and the roller was bought at a reduction of £70 on the price originally quoted. IMPROVEMENTS. The Vestry have purchased the projecting structure at the end of Patriot square, and removed the same, so making a wide thoroughfare through Peel grove into Old ford road. The purchase money was £135. The cost incident to removal and making the necessary alteration to the front of the vendor's house was about £40. The Vestry also decided to purchase and pull down the two old houses at the northwest corner of Great George street, which project into Old Bethnal Green road, but the owners being trustees without a power of sale, it is necessary to acquire the property under compulsory powers, and the requisite steps for doing so are being taken. The Metropolitan Board of Works have agreed to contribute a moiety of the cost of the purchase of the structure in Patriot square, and of the two houses in Great George street. It was suggested by the Metropolitan Board of Works that the old house in Club row, at the eastern end of Little York street, and a strip of the property in the rear should be bought for the purpose of opening the eastern end of Little York street. Negotiations were entered into with the owners, but their views as to value have led to the abandonment of the negotiation. The Clerk was directed to ascertain from Mr. Jesse Lacey whether he would sell the piece of ground at the north end of Holybush garden's for the purpose of opening that end of the gardens, and making the gardens a thoroughfare, but Mr. Lacey declined to enter into any negotiation. The houses at the south-east corner of Brick Lane, having been pulled down, a plan shewing a suggested improvement was sent to the freeholder, from whom it was ascertained the ground had been let for five houses to be built on it, and that the adoption of the plan would make it impossible to build the intended number of houses. Application has been made to the Metropolitan Board of Works asking them to leave a forty-feet space at the south end of Gibraltar walk, with the view of Gibraltar walk being hereafter widened. 24 PAVING AND DRAINING "NEW STREET." Proceedings are being taken to compel the proprietors in Hollybush gardens to pay for the cost of paving the gardens, and constructing a sewer therein. The liability to pay is disputed, and an action to try the question is now pending. Rapley place has been paved at the cost of the owners of the different proprietors in it. Chapman's gardens and Queen Caroline gardens have been ordered to be paved at the cost of the owners, and the Surveyor has been ordered to prepare the necessary estimates and apportionments. LIGHTING. A deputation from the Works Committee was appointed to wait on the clerk of the Vestry of Paddington, to obtain information as to the arrangements of that Vestry incident to paying for gas supplied to the public lamps by meter. From unforeseen circumstances, only one member of the deputation was able to accompany the Clerk. The Vestry Clerk of Paddington and the officer having charge of the particular department kindly afforded every information, and agreed again to receive a deputation. The committee intend to visit Paddington not only as to the arrangements with respect to lighting but as well the arrangements for executing by the Vestry the work of scavenging and the disposal of the refuse. The price of gas for public lamps per annum has been reduced for ordinary lamps 3s. 7d. per lamp, and for 3-feet burners 2s. 2d. per lamp. MEMBER OF THE METROPOLITAN BOARD. Mr. Beven, who has represented the Vestry at the Board from the time of the formation of the Board, resigned his seat in November. Upon the resignation being announced, a resolution in the terms following was passed unanimously:— "That the members of this Vestry receive with much regret the intimation that Mr. Beven has resigned his seat at the Metropolitan Board of Works as the representative of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. "That they desire to place upon record their high appreciation of the ability and integrity with which he has represented this Parish during the whole of the twenty-three years that have elapsed since the formation of the Metropolitan Board,as well as of the valuable services he has rendered for the same period as one of their colleagues in the Vestry. "They tender to him their sincere sympathy in his present impaired health, and their best wishes for him in that retirement which he now feels to be needful." 25 MISCELLANEOUS. The Vestry have returned to the plan adopted some years ago of doing the repairs to the footpaths and carriageways, after opening trenches by gas and water companies. Notice having been given by the Great Eastern Railway Company of their intention to carry out the widening of their line at Grove road, the Vestry gave formal notice of their intention to contribute £500, as provided by the Companies Act of 1876, towards the cost of improving the bridge. A similar notice has been given by the Vestry of Mile End, and the two vestries made a joint application to the Metropolitan Board of Works to contribute the entire £1000, but the Board have consented to give a moiety. The Vestry, in conjunction with the Whitechapel Board of Works, have urged the Metropolitan Board of Works, by memorial and deputation, to renew the application to Parliament for powers to construct a bridge across the Thames to facilitate the communication between the Eastern parts of London, lying respectively on the North and South sides of the Thames. The Metropolitan Board of Works decided not to apply to Parliament in the then next Session. A memorial has been presented from inhabitants of Green street, complaining of stalls being allowed in that street; but the Vestry did not deem it expedient to interfere. On the suggestion of the Metropolitan Board of Works, notices have been placed on Twig Folly Bridge as to the consent required by the Locomotives Act for any locomotive passing over the bridge. The attention of the Canal Company has been drawn to the Act by the Vestry Clerk. The Vestry have presented to the Corporation of the City a memorial praying that Old Temple Bar may be erected by the Corporation in Victoria Park. The memorial has been referred to the City Lands Committee. Mr. Perrin, Mr. W. Richardson, Mr. Milbourn, Mr. Jacobs, Mr. Edroff, and Mr. Stoneley were appointed to attend the Lands Committee to support the prayer of the memorial. On the 10th March Mr. Churchwarden Perrin, Mr. W. Richardson, Mr. Stoneley, and Mr. Edroff, with the Clerk, attended the Lands Committee, who promised to consider the memorial, and the representations of the deputation. 26 A junior clerk has been appointed in the Surveyor's office at a salary of 10s. per week. A Committee of Eighteen Members of the Vestry has been appointed to prepare the Quinquennial Valuation List. Mr. Alfred Ewin has been elected a treasurer of the Vestry in the place of Mr. Engleburtt, who in May ceased to be a member of the Vestry, ROBERT VOSS, Vestry Clerk. SURVEYOR'S REPORT OF WORKS EXECUTED FROM LADY-DAY, 1879, TO LADY-DAY, 1880. Gentlemen, I have the honour to report upon the principal works carried out under my supervision during the past year. In March last the Vestry decided to pave the streets enumerated below with Aberdeen and Guernsey granite cubes. It is intended that the work shall be carried out under a schedule of prices by Mr. Griffiths, and I have estimated the approximate cost at £13,061 11s. 11d. The work has been commenced and is proceeding satisfactorily: viz., 3 in. X 7 in. Pitching. Columbia road, from Hassard street to Hackney road London street Brady street Three Colt lane Cleveland street Devonshire street The Broadway, i.e., the ends of Columbia road, Hassard street, Wellington row, and Gibraltar walk Bacon street James street, Green street Grove road, between the Parks, Patent Victoria Stone Paving. 28 4 in. X 4 in. Pitching. Gibraltar walk to Gosset street Vincent Street Turville street Half Nichol street New street New Nichol street Old Nichol street Cross street New Turville street Nichols row Some miscellaneous works have also been executed by the Contractor, viz.:— New Victoria Stone paving laid, and York paving and curb re-laid, at Old Bethnal Green road and Rushmead street. New granite pitching laid at Grove road, opposite the Royal Hotel. Curb re-laid at Morpeth road. The carriageway paving in Virginia row has been taken up, and such of the old stones as were suitable have been re-dressed and re-laid, the deficiency being made up by second-hand stone supplied by the Contractor. The carriageway of Tyssen street from Bethnal Green road to Peter street has been re-paved by the Contractor with new 3 in. by 7 in. cubes, and the old paving carted to Vestry Stores. The carriageway of Violet-place, Three Colts-lane, has undergone thorough repair, the surface of the roadway was removed to a depth of 12 inches and filled in with hard core, coated with Guernsey granite, and rolled with steam roller. A sum of £25 was paid by Mr. Letchford in consideration of this work being done, and the street will hereafter be kept in repair at the cost of the Parish. The carriageway of Rapley-place, New Tyssen street, has been thoroughly coated with granite and rolled with the steam roller, and a paved channel laid in, the cost of which has been charged to the respective owners, and will now be kept in repair by the Parish. Specifications and plans for paving and sewer works intended to be carried out in Hollybush gardens, together with apportionment of the cost to the various owners, have been made. Notices have been served, and the work will be carried out so soon as the money is paid. 29 The defective portions of the carriageway paving of Mount-street, which had arisen from the diversion of the traffic during the stoppage of Bethnal Green-road, to enable the new street to be formed, have been repaired by the contractor at his own cost. While constructing the new Board Schools, Nichols row, a considerable portion of the footway paving was demolished; and, after negotiations with the School Board authorities and the contractor, it was arranged upon payment by the contractors of £60 to pave the whole of the footways around the Schools with new patent Victoria stone. Repairs to footways, after the removal of scaffolding and openings in the carriageways after drainage works have been carried out, have been done by the Vestry's workmen at the cost of the persons disturbing the same. Jobbing repairs to footways and paved carriageways, channels, and crossings have been carried out in the streets enumerated below by men in the employ of the Vestry:— FOOTWAYS. Abbey street Clarkson street Antill road Chisenhale road Albert road Cambridge road Approach road Durrant street Bethnal Green road Edward street Bonwell street Elwin street Brady street Ellen's place Boundary street George street, Turin street Bonner lane Green street Brick lane Gibraltar walk Bacon street Grove road Baxendale street Hope street Barnet grove Hare street Burgoyne road Hassard street Charlotte street Hereford street Columbia road Kenilworth road Cooper's gardens Lawfranc road Carter street Morpeth street Collingwood street Mace street Cheshire street Middleton street Chester place Norton street 30 Northampton street The Oval Old Ford road Tyssen street Old Bethnal Green road Thoydon road Pollard's row Vincent street Prospect place Violet row Quilter street Vivian road Ravenscroft street Weaver street Robert street Warner place Roman road Wood's close Seabright street Warley street PAVED CARRIAGEWAYS. Austin street Northampton street Anchor street Pitt street Albert road crossing Punderson gardens Baroness road Pollard s row Bath grove Pott street Brick lane Prospect place Canrobert street Pritchard s road Club row Pollard street Collingwood street Rushmead street Carter street Ravenscroft street Cleveland street Shacklewell street Collins place Sclater street Columbia road Selby street Cheshire street South street Devonshire street Seabright street Fleet street Satchwell street Fuller street Thomas street Globe road Thomas passage George street Tagg street Gibraltar walk Type street Grove road Three Colt lane Hare street Viaduct street Hare marsh Wheeler street Horatio street Weaver street James street Willow walk Lisbon street Wilmot street Mape street York street 31 In addition to the carriageway paving works already mentioned, new channels have been formed in the following streets. The stones used were removed from streets that have been recently paved:— Chester street St. Peter street Chester place St. Peter square King street Thurlow place Nelson street STEAM ROAD ROLLER. In May last the Vestry took into consideration the advisability of purchasing a steam road roller; negotiations were entered into with Messrs. Aveling & Porter, of Rochester, and a 15-ton roller was supplied by them and kept upon trial for three months; the Vestry then, upon a recommendation of the Works Committee, resolved to purchase the roller at a reduction of £70 upon the price originally asked by Messrs. Aveling & Porter. The actual price paid was £493 1s. 6d. The roller has been in use 141 days throughout the year, and the cost of fuel, engineer's wages, oil, and repairs, amounts to £82 1s. 10d. £ s.d. 141 days at £2 5s. per day (the price originally paid for hiring a roller) 317 5 0 Add paid by the Gas Light and Coke Company for hire of roller 8 15 0 326 0 0 Deduct Expenses 82 1 10 £243 18 2 The following is a list of the streets rolled by the Vestry's roller:— Albert road Chester place Auckland road Derbyshire street Bonner's road, Prospect place, Ellesmere road to Approach road Hague street Brady street Kenilworth road Canrobert street King street Cross street London street Cheshire street Mape street Chester street Morpeth street 32 Old Bethnal green road from Teal street, crossing Brady street Pollard's row to Canrobert street Three Colt's lane Old Ford road from Cambridge Thurlow place road to Victoria Park square Vivian road Prospect place from Cambridge Viaduct street road to West street Wilmot street Preston street Nelson street Pollard's row Nelson square St. Peter's street Winchester street St. Peter's square West street, Green street South street The carriageways of Collins place, Lessada street, and Violet place, have been rolled with the Mile End steam road roller. MORTUARY CHAPEL. The consent of the Chancellor of the Consistory Court having been obtained for the erection of a Mortuary in the Churchyard, and he having also approved the site, plans and specifications were prepared for executing the work. It was considered advisable, on account of the nature of the soil, not to include the formation of the foundations in the contract for the building; and, after consideration, it was arranged that Messrs. Thomerson & Son should make the necessary excavation, do the work incident to removing and re-interring bodies, and removing the various tombstones. This work was done under the superintendence of the churchwardens, in conjunction with the Surveyor, at a cost of £363 12s. 5d. Tenders for the building were invited by advertisement: 12 were received, and that of Mr. A. S. Judd was found to be the lowest, and accepted at £1375. The work at the date of this report is proceeding in a satisfactory manner. TRENCHING WORK. Upon a recommendation of the Works Committee the Vestry determined to revert to the original practice of doing the repairs to footway and carriageway trenches opened by the Gas Light and Coke Company, the Commercial Gas Company, and the East London Water Company. A sufficient staff of workmen has been engaged and the requisite plant obtained. I venture to state that under the present system the work is more satisfactorily performed than heretofore. ££ I give below some particulars of the work done for the various Companies:— Date. CARRIAGEWAYS. FOOTWAYS. Amounts paid. Grouted and Concrete. Relaid and Grouted. Macadam. Gravel and Pebbles. Relaid. New. Curb. Yds. Feet. Yds. Feet. Yds. Feet. Yds. Feet. Feet. In. Ft. In. Ft. In. £ S. d. From 1st May, 1879, to 25th March, 1880 The Gas Light Coke Compy. 512 7 1284 6 2522 6 497 4 100,962 4 5234 6 1641 6 1608 2 11 Ditto East London Water Compy. 230 1 383 6 457 8 145 6 3721 9 199 4 89 0 171 5 2 Ditto Commercial Gas Compy. 21 7 95 2 30 2 278 4 2870 6 176 5 42 0 65 3 10 Totals 764 6 1763 5 3010 7 921 5 107,554 7 5610 3 1772 6 1844 11 11 34 The Gas Light and Coke Company, in laying new mains for the narrow part of Cambridge road, removed the footway paving on the West side. It was found that owing to the concentrated traffic at this part the paving was very thin and too much worn to be re-laid; negotiations were entered into with the Company, and arrangements made for the footway to be paved with Patent Victoria stone. A fair proportion of the cost has been paid for by the Company, and the remainder by the Vestry, and the work has been satisfactorily carried out by the Contractor. It was deemed advisable to adopt the same principle with reference to footway paving in Globe-road, between Ely place and Green street, the footway being considerably worn. Patent Victoria stone has been laid between these points, and an adequate portion of the cost charged to the Gas Company. SEWERS. Several complaints having been made of the defective condition of the old brick barrel sewer in Bath grove, which discharged itself into the sewer in Shipton-street, it was, upon examination, found to be past repair, and a 12-in. pipe sewer has been laid in by men in the employ of the Vestry at a sufficient depth to effectually drain the adjacent property. The pipe sewer in Satchwell-street has been taken up, the falls re-adjusted, and re-laid at a lower depth. Seven hundred and forty loads of sewer dirt have been removed from the various sewers by the Vestry's workmen and carted away by the Contractor. The side entrance to sewer on the north side of Ann street has been removed to the opposite side at the request of the owner of the factory at the corner of Ann street, the cost of same being borne by him. New gullies have been laid in the various streets which have been paved with granite cubes. New gullies have been constructed in the following streets:— Coventry street Roman road Clarence street St. Peter street Nelson street Wellington street Nelson square One hundred and seventeen connections have been made with the sewers for the drainage of property. 35 The following brick and pipe sewers have been cleansed and repaired by men in the employ of the Vestry:— Approach road London street Albert road Lisbon street Austin street Little Anchor street Bath street Mape street Bath grove Nichols row Bonner lane New Nichol street Bonner road Northampton street Brady's buildings Oxford street Brady street Old Nichol street Collins place Old Ford road Clare street Princes court Cambridge road Peter street, Mount street Collingwood street Pritchard's road Elwin street Prospect place Ellesmere road Russia lane Ely place Satchwell street Fournier street Satchwell rents Foster street Sclater street Gardner's road Somerford street Granby row Stainsbury street Gale's gardens Turk street Globe road Three Colt lane Hare Marsh Totty street Hamilton road Tent street Half Nichol street Viaduct street Hart's lane Warner place Hackney road LIGHTING. Fifty new column lamps have been obtained from Messrs. McFarlane and Co. of the same pattern as those erected in Bethnal Green road. It is proposed that the new columns should be erected in Cambridge road at an average distance of 150 ft., in accordance with a plan prepared for that purpose. New lamps have been erected as under, viz.:— Column lamps, Baroness road. Three ditto Mansford street. Ditto Turville street. Ditto Nichols row. Ditto Sclater street. Ditto Bacon street. Ditto York street. Bracket lamps, Urinal, Northampton street. Two ditto Essex street, Three Colt lane Ditto Church row, by Schools. Ditto Punderson's gardens 36 The lamp has been removed from Weatherhead gardens. Gas burners consuming 3 cubic ft. per hour have been put to the 3 lamps on urinal opposite Cambridge Heath Railway Station, in lieu of the burners consuming 5 cubic ft. per hour. The price of gas supplied by the Gas Light and Coke Company has been reduced from the Christmas quarter from 3s. 6d. to 3s. 4d. per thousand cubic feet, and an adequate reduction has been made in the price paid for lighting the public lamps. Several new lamps have been erected in the Columbia-road, near to the Market, at the cost of the Baroness Burdett Coutts. The amount paid to the Gas Light and Coke Company for gas supplied to public lamps and lighting St. John's Church clock, including repairs, was £3713 17s. 6d. The amount paid to the Commercial Gas Company for gas supplied to public lamps, was £350 10s. 7d. RE-NAMING AND RE-NUMBERING STREETS. The names and numbers of the following streets have been altered in accordance with the orders of the Metropolitan Board of Works. A notice has been served at each house, and a register is kept which shows the old and altered numbers:— Names Abolished. New Name. Number of Houses. Wellington street (Waterloo Town) Notting street, E. 53 Wellington street (Globe road) Cyprus street, E. 111 Wellington street (Brady street) Pereira street, E. - Re-numbered only, Gore place Gore road, E. 60 Prospect Place (Alma terrace, Brighton terrace, William's place, Tynemouth street, Princes place, Charles terrace). Bishop's road, E. 148 Re-numbered only Sheep lane, E. 5 37 MISCELLANEOUS. A public urinal for two persons has been erected n Northampton street, Cambridge road. A public urinal, to be supplied by Messrs. Clark, Hunt & Co., has been ordered to be erected in Turville street, at the corner of Old Nichol street. In consequence of the exceptionally heavy rains last summer, it was considered unnecessary to flush the various sewers; the cost under this heading amounts to £3 3s. The sum of £179 19s 3d. has been paid for the water used in watering the roads, including a sum of £35 14s. for the rent of meters fixed in the hydrants throughout the Parish. The public urinals, the obelisk lamps, throughout the Parish, and the iron work of Twig Folly Bridge, have been painted by men in the employ of the Vestry. A public drinking fountain and water trough for cattle has been erected at the Western end of Columbia road by the Metropolitan Cattle Trough and Drinking Fountain Association, and the necessary foot and carriageway alterations have been carried out at the cost of the Vestry. Application has been made, on behalf of the Baroness Burdett Coutts, to the Metropolitan Board of Works, and also to the Vestry, for permission to form a new street, 40 ft. wide, between Virginia row and Columbia road, which will afford, when completed, an improved approach to Columbia Market. The street is to be called Herat street. The Improved Industrial Dwellings are forming a new street, 40 ft. wide, to be known as Corfield street, Three Colts lane, which will shortly be thrown open for public traffic. Negotiations have been entered into and plans prepared for opening the north end of Hollybush Gardens into St. Jude street, but difficulties have arisen, and no progress has been made. Plans have been prepared with a view to purchasing projecting property at the corner of George street, at the east end of Old Bethnal Green road. The rights of the person owning the forecourt of the house in Patriot square which projected into the carriageway have been 38 purchased, and a very useful improvement effected; the forecourt has been set back in a line with adjoining property, and foot and carriageway has been extended. The Great Eastern Railway Company have submitted a plan showing a proposed widening of the north end of Wheeler street arch to 40 feet. The whole of the necessary foot and carriageway paving work is to be carried out by the contractor to the Vestry at the cost of the Company. Plans have been prepared and application made to the Metropolitan Board of Works requesting them to leave an opening 40 feet wide at the entrance to Gibraltar walk, with a view of an improved thoroughfare from Bethnal Green road to Hackney road being formed. I am, Gentlemen, Yours most obediently, W. H. GATHERCOLE, Surveyor. REPORT on the SANITARY CONDITION and VITAL STATISTICS OF THE PARISH OF SAINT MATTHEW, BETHNAL GREEN, DURING THE YEAR 1879-80. # by GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D., Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh; Fellow of the Royal Microscopical Society; and Medical Officer of Health for the Parish of Bethnal Green. LONDON: FORSAITH BROTHERS, STEAM PRINTERS, 329, BETHNAL GREEN ROAD, E. 1880. SYNOPSIS of MEDICAL OFFICER'S ANNUAL REPORT 1879. page Inquests 1 Population and Density 1 Births and Deaths 4 Annual Death Rate 5 Births and Birth Rate 7 Marriages 8 Deaths of Infants 8 Deaths of Young Children 8 Deaths of Old People 8 Special causes of Death :— Zymotic Disease 9 Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases 9 Small Pox 11 Measles 12 Scarlatina 12 Diphtheria 13 Fever 13 Whooping Cough 13 Diarrhoea 13 Other Zymotic Diseases 14 Enthetic Diseases 14 Constitutional Disease 14 Local Diseases 15 Developmental Disease 17 Violent Deaths 17 Deaths in Public Institutions:— Workhouse Infirmary 18 Mildmay Mission Hospital 19 City of London Hospital, Victoria Park 20 Bethnall House Lunatic Asylum 21 Queen Adelaide Dispensary 21 Pauper Illness 22 London Hospital 22 iv. page East London Water Company 25 Slaughter Houses 26 Cow Houses 26 Regulations as to Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops 27 Fish Curing 37 Sanitary Legislation during the year 38 The Disqualification by Medical Relief Bill 40 Infected Bedding destroyed 40 Bedding supplied during 1879 40 Butter and Butterine 41 Mortuary 43 Cesspools and Drains 43 Legal Proceedings 45 Tin Burning 45 Dilapidated and Dangerous Structures 45 The Waste Ground in Somerford Street 46 Sanitary Work 46 Tables I.—Shewing Population, Inhabited Houses, Births, Deaths, and Marriages for 1879 and ten years preceding 47 II.—Annual Birth Rate, Rate of Mortality, Death Rates among Children, and Deaths in Public Institutions, for the year 1879 and ten years preceding 48 III.—Deaths registered at several groups of ages, from different causes, during the year 1879 49 IV.—Shewing the Mortality from certain classes of Diseases, and proportions to Population, and to 1000 Deaths, 1879 54 IV. (a)—Total Births and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other causes 55 IV. (b)—Total Marriages, Births, and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other causes, by Quarters 57 IV. (c)—Total Births and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other causes in London, during the year 1879 58 V.—Shewing the number of Deaths from the seven principal Zymotic Diseases, inclusive of Hospital Deaths, in the ten years, 1869 and 1878, and in the year 1879 59 VI.—Inspectors' Report of Sanitary Work, &c. 60 VII.—Vaccination 61 VIII.—Analysis of the Mortality in London during the year 1879 62 IX.—Area, Population, Density, and Mortality in England and London 63 Addendum :— Mortuary Chapel 64 Elevation and Ground Plan of ditto. Regulations for ditto 65 REPORT. Gentlemen, I have much pleasure in laying before you my Report on the Vital Statistics for the fifty-three weeks included in the registration year 1879, which terminated on the 2nd day of January, 1880. The Statistical Tables in the Appendix are, as usual, prepared upon the forms recommended by the Society of Medical Officers of Health, and are as complete as the information at my command can render them, no pains having been spared to prevent errors. As is well known, nothing is more difficult to print than tabular statements of this kind, and I cannot refrain from taking this opportunity of recording my obligations to Messrs. Forsaith for the great care and accuracy shewn by them in printing the figures in this and my past Reports. INQUESTS. During the year 1879 two hundred and one inquests were held by the Coroner, being a per centage of six and a half upon the total number of deaths during the year. The proportion for the whole of London was 6.4. Of the total number of inquest cases 72 were violent deaths; in the remainder the cause of death was either so obscure, or in some way involved in such suspicious circumstances as to render an enquiry imperative. POPULATION AND DENSITY. There is great difficulty in correctly estimating the increase in the population of a parish like Bethnal Green, and for these reasons: most of the available ground is, and has been for some time, fully built over, the Great Eastern Railway Company, the School Board for London, and the Metropolitan Board of Works are largely demolishing small house property,* the Companies for providing * If this sort of thing goes on much longer, it looks very much as though London in a few years would become a huge agglomeration of Board Schools, intersected by railways and new streets. 2 Improved Dwellings for the Working Classes also demolish, but, fortunately for our increasing population (who do not spend the whole of their time in Board Schools), they also erect dwellings in large numbers, and provide accommodation of a vastly improved character in place of the small houses they remove. With regard to the Metropolitan Board of Works, the last portion of the magnificent plan of Street improvement sanctioned by Parliament in 1872 is now completed so far as this Parish is concerned. It commences at the Great Eastern Railway Company's Goods Station, Shoreditch, and connects Great Eastern Street with the wide portion of Bethnal Green Road by the formation of a new Street, continuous with that Road, 60 feet in width and about 2000 feet in length. This is undoubtedly a great sanitary improvement, as it necessitated the pulling down of numbers of houses, the sanitary defects in many of which had long since rendered them unfit for human habitation, and which could only have been remedied by the expenditure of large sums of money. This we could hardly expect the owners to do, as they were daily expecting notice from the Board that the property would be required for the improvements in hand. The following is a list of the houses demolished :— No. of Houses. Where Situated. 22 Sclater street 25 Bacon street 13 Little Bacon street 3 Brick lane 44 Bethnal Green road 14 Club row 4 Great York street 2 Little Anchor street 10 Swan street 13 Little York street 16 Shacklewell street 11 Tyssen street Total 177 The new Street was declared open on the 29th of March by Sir J. McGarrell-Hogg, M.P., and already Messrs. Allen and Company have built and opened the first block of 64 dwellings, containing 256 rooms. 3 The Improved Industrial Dwellings' Company have opened 120 dwellings in Corfield street, each containing three or four rooms, every tenement being provided with separate domestic conveniences, including kitchen, scullery, and W.C., each having also a separate water supply. The arrangements are on a very good plan, and all drains are well constructed and thoroughly ventilated. The Secretary of the Company informs me that the death-rate amongst the tenants is only 17.2 per 1000; but, as the class of people who inhabit these dwellings largely patronise the hospitals when ill, and form a not inconsiderable proportion of the in-patients, this low death-rate, which makes no allowance for hospital mortality, must be taken with a certain reservation. Toye Buildings, Mansford Street.—The Industrial Dwellings now in course of erection in Mansford street were opened during the year, and 48 tenements were in occupation at Christmas last. Gale's Gardens Estate.—Of the Industrial Dwellings on this Estate, only four were occupied during the year; it is intended to put up about 27 blocks. TABLE A. Number of Houses, Workshops, Dry., in the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. DIVISIONS. Inhabited Houses. Workshops separate from houses. Saw mills and Timber yards. Schools. REMARKS. East Ward 4976 32 13 13 A Brickfield in the District. West Ward (North Division) 2675 63 11 3 Three Railway Arches West Ward (South Division) 1664 10 9 5 North Ward 3020 18 21 5 South Ward 5140 .. 17 20 170 Railway Arches used as Workshops, &c. Total 1879 17475 123 71 46 Total 1878 17311 113 78 45 4 As will be seen by the table at the head of this section, the figures in which are extracted from the rate books, we have this year 17,47s inhabited houses against 17,311 in 1878, a net increase of 164 dwellings; and, as the density last year averaged nearly eight persons to each house throughout the Parish, we may safely reckon that each of these new dwellings provides accommodation for at least that number of persons. We have thus room in the Parish for an additional number of 1312 persons, without more densely crowding the houses already occupied. Now by adding this number to the estimated population of last year we get in round numbers 133,300; and as a birth-rate calculated upon this is precisely the same as that of last year, I feel convinced that it fairly represents the population for the year 1879. For the sake of comparison I have calculated by logarithms on the Registrar-General's plan a population for the middle of the same year. This shows the numbers as 134,080; in my opinion a very much higher figure than we can lay any claim to, as it is more than 2000 over last year's estimate; while our natural increase, which is the excess of the births over the deaths registered for the whole year, is only 2177; this higher number makes no allowance for emigration, which most certainly has taken place to a very considerable extent, and has not been counterbalanced by a corresponding immigration. Next year all our estimates throughout London will be checked, and a fresh point of departure will be given, upon which our calculations for the ensuing ten years will have to be based. The Parish of Bethnal Green covers an area of 755 acres; the number of occupied houses is 17,475; each acre has an average of 176.5 persons, and each house of 7.6 inhabitants. The RegistrarGeneral, in his Annual Report, gives the density of London at 7.8 inhabitants to each house and 42 persons to each acre for the year 1871, when the last Census was taken. BIRTHS AND DEATHS. The number of persons who have died during the year in this parish was 3,022, against 2951 last year. As out of this number 143 were non-parishioners placed for purposes of treatment in the various public institutions within our bounds, they are excluded from our 5 calculation. On the other hand as an unknown number of our ordinary residents have undoubtedly died in the various London Hospitals we must add an estimate of these. We are informed by the RegistrarGeneral that, during the year 1879, 15,854 persons died in the public Hospitals of London, an average rate of 4.3 per thousand population. At this rate our proportion should be 573; but as only 383 inhabitants died during 1878 in the Bethnal Green Hospitals, 190,—the difference between 383 and 573,—must be added, making the total number of deaths 3069, against 3040 last year. The births during the corresponding period were 5246, against 5159 in the previous year; the excess of the births over the deaths being 22 greater than last year, as shewn by the tabular form below. TABLE B. 1878. 1879. Estimated population in the middle of the year 132,000 133,300 Total Births 5,195 5,246 Total Deaths 3,040 3,069 Excess of Births over Deaths, shewing the natural increase of the population. 2,155 2,177 ANNUAL DEATH RATE. From these figures we calculate an annual rate of mortality for the year 1878 of 23.0 per thousand, against a precisely similar rate for last year and the year before that. The corresponding rates for the whole of London being 23.5 in 1878, and 23.3 in 1879. The following table shews the comparative mortality for Bethnal Green and for all London by quarters. TABLE C. London. Bethnal Green. March Quarter 27.1 26.7 June „ 22.4 21.0 September „ 18.4 19.6 December „ 24.9 24.6 6 It must be borne in mind that these figures apply to 53 weeks for 1879 against 52 weeks for the previous year. I cannot say that I am content with this stationary condition of things. We are only holding our ground, while we ought to be diminishing our mortality. Certainly it is in each year a little less than the general Metropolitan rate, but I should like Bethnal Green to be something more than an average London parish. We have a gravelly soil, wide, well paved roads, good sewers, a fine public park, and few offensive trades carried on in our inidst; still the insalubrious condition of many of our houses (and not always the smallest ones) remains a patent fact, and undoubtedly keeps up the death-rate. The drainage arrangements of many houses are as bad as they can well be, leaky and unventilated. What we are endeavouring to abolish as much as possible just now are sinks in washhouses communicating with foul drains, and inside closets badly placed, or not thoroughly ventilated. These we get altered as soon as we discover them, but Sanitary Officers are not ubiquitous, and unless cases of bad drainage and defective sanitary arrangements are reported to us in time, they are frequently not discovered till the mischief is done, and a death from fever in the Registrars' weekly returns draws our attention to the locality. If people would only learn the A B C of Sanitary science, keep out drain air and open their windows so as to let in fresh air, we should have fewer deaths and a healthier population. It cannot be too strongly impressed upon the owners of house property that it is not sufficient merely to trap a drain; if that drain have an opening inside the house it should be ventilated by a pipe continuous with some portion of it carried right above the eaves, and left wide open. If a proper trap with an air inlet be placed between the house drain and the sewer so much the better, but sewer air is not so bad as it is represented, and is always infinitely better than that of small pipe drains. The sewer is well ventilated, frequently flushed, and fairly clean, so that wc cannot do better than strive to obtain a similar condition of things in our small pipe drains, which, from the vile manner in which they are frequently laid and arranged, are often little better than tubular cesspools pouring their foetid effluvium into our dwellings. 7 I quote the following remarks from the Annual Summary just issued by Sir Brydges Henniker:— General Register Office, Somerset House, 30th April, 1880. A considerable improvement has taken place in the health of London in recent years; thus the average annual mortality to 1000 inhabitants was 24.1 in the thirty years 1841-70, whereas in the nine years 1871-9 it fell to 22.9, shewing a decrease of 5 per cent. In the year 1879 the death-rate was 23.3, nearly the same as that in the previous year. It is now more than nine years since the inhabitants dwelling on the 75,362 acres (exclusive of 2718 acres of the Thames) of the metropolitan area were enumerated, and their number can only be exactly determined when the results of the Census of 1881 are known, but in all probability the population at the middle of 1879 did not much exceed 3,620,868, having increased more than a third of a million since 1871. Such a large addition to the population of London, converting the outskirts formerly thinly populated into crowded districts, implies an increase of mortality; any diminution, therefore, in the metropolitan death-rate since 1871 indicates that some countervailing elements have been in operation to bring about such a gratifying result, which may be justly attributed to improved sanitation. Medical and sanitary science has been skilfully utilized by the 47 medical officers appointed originally in 1858 to keep watch and ward over the public health, and through their instrumentality, supplemented by great sanitary works, thousands of untimely deaths have been prevented. In the 53 weeks of 1879 the births in London amounted to 134,096, the deaths to 85,540; so the natural increase of population was 48,556, or at the rate of 131 daily.* The estimated increase of population over the previous year was 43,423, or 119 daily. The reduction in the mortality already effected represents a saving of more than four thousand lives annually during the last nine years, but many sanitary improvements are still needed, and when the water supply is unpolluted, the air purer, local sewerage more complete, and vaccination more efficient, the circumstances of the population of this great city will be so much more favourable to health that the mortality will probably be reduced to at least as low as 20 per 1000, which, it has been laid down, the mortality of none of our towns should now exceed. A diminution of one per 1000 in the annual death-rate of the present population of London implies the saving of about 3600 lives; a reduction, therefore, from 23, the present rate, to 20, would show a saving of more than ten thousand lives annually. BIRTHS AND BIRTH RATE. The births during the year were 5246 a rate of 39.3 per thousand population, the corresponding Metropolitan rate being 36.5, a difference in our favour of 2.8. * On an average there was, in London, in 1879, one birth about every four minutes, and one death about every six and a quarter minutes. 8 MARRIAGES. 2443 marriages were registered during the year in this parish, a rate of 18.3 to every thousand persons living; this is, within a minute fraction, the same as last year. DEATHS OF INFANTS. Of the deaths from all causes rather more than one fourth (25.5 per cent.) were those of infants, for out of 5246 Children born during the year, 784 died before attaining the age of one year, so that only 4462 survived, this gives a death-rate, calculated on the total births, of 149.4, or of 5.8 per thousand living at all ages, in other words out of every thirteen children born only eleven attain the age of one year. The diseases causing the highest mortality were Bronchitis and Pneumonia 184,—Atrophy and Debility 121,—Convulsions 101,— Tabes Mesenterica 53,—Pertussis 51—Diarrhoea 42,—Premature Birth 46,—Hydrocephalus, Acute and Chronic, 38,—Suffocation 36. DEATHS OF YOUNG CHILDREN. (Under 5 years). 1438 children under five years of age died last year—a per centage of 46.8 on the total deaths, and being two per cent. lower than last year. Assuming the proportion of young children to adults to have been maintained since last Census, the number alive in the parish in the middle of 1879 would be 20,135; a rate calculated upon this number gives a mortality of 71.41 per thousand children living, against a corresponding rate for the whole of London of 75.9. DEATHS OF OLD PEOPLE. (Over 60 years). I estimate the population of old people over 60 in this parish at 7635; during last year 661 deaths amongst people over this age were registered, this shows a death rate of 86.56 per thousand persons alive over that age. The corresponding Metropolitan rate was 84.6. 9 SPECIAL CAUSES OF DEATH. (Vide Table III.) Class I.—ZYMOTIC DISEASE. This class includes the orders Miasmatic, Enthetic, and Parasitic. The number of deaths recorded under these heads was 553, of which 428 were those of young children. As usual, the most fatal period to infantile life was the first year, 148 deaths referred to the class of diseases under consideration having happened under that age; of these 5 1 were from Whooping cough, and 42 from Diarrhoea. THE SEVEN PRINCIPAL ZYMOTIC DISEASES. The deaths registered from the class of diseases usually included under this head were 455, against 477 last year—a decrease of 22. The annexed table shews the mortality for this year contrasted with last. TABLE D. 1878. 1879. Small Pox 22 1 Measles 59 106 Scarlet Fever 68 76 Diphtheria 14 12 Whooping Cough 192 147 Fever Typhus 5 1 Enteric 26 33 Simple 5 9 Diarrhœa 80 68 Cholera 6 2 From the returns of the fever and Small Pox hospitals, however, we find that 62 cases of fever and 34 cases of Small Pox have been removed from this parish; 13 of the fever patients and 6 of those suffering from Small Pox died in hospital; these 19 must, therefore, be added to the 455 registered deaths, making the total 474, and giving a Zymotic death-rate of 3.5 against 3.9 last year, the Zymotic death-rate for London being 3.3. The subjoined table has been prepaid for me by Mr. Burrows from the weekly returns of the Asylums Board, supplied to the Guardians of this parish for the year 1879. 10 TABLE E. REPORT Of Cases admitted into the Small Pox and Fever Hospitals during the Year 1879. HOMERTON FEVER HOSPITAL No. of Cases remaining at end of 1878. No. of Cases Admitted. Discharged. Died. No. of Cases remaining at end of 1879. 10 62 54 13 5 HOMERTON SMALL POX HOSPITAL 0 27 20 4 3 DEPTFORD SMALL POX HOSPITAL 0 7 2 2 3 The decennial average of Zymotic disease for the years 1869 to 1878, is 612, no less than 138 above the number for 1879. The deaths were equal to 152.4 per thousand from all causes. In the subjoined table is shewn the per centage of each one of these diseases on the total number of Zymotic deaths, including the hospital cases. 11 TABLE F. Small Pox .02 per cent., or 1 in 474 deaths. Measles 22.13 „ „ 446 „ Scarlatina 16.03 „ „ 6.23 „ Diphtheria 2.53 „ „ 39.50 „ Whooping Cough 31.01 „ „ 3.22 „ Fever 9.07 „ „ 11.02 „ Diarrhoea 14.34 „ „ 6.97 „ Cholera .04 „ „ 237 „ SMALL POX. (Decennial average, 77). Forty-five cases of Small Pox were reported to us from various sources; of these, only one died at home, thirty-four were removed to hospital, six of whom died, the same number remaining under treatment at the end of the year. The one death in the parish was that of a man aged 30, from the friends of whom I could gather no particulars as to vaccination, neither did the medical attendant give any in his certificate. As to the hospital deaths I have no means of obtaining information as to vaccination in particular cases. The following interesting communication was, however, received from Mr. Jebb, the figures and statements in which so clearly set forth the efficacy of good vaccination and re-vaccination that it cannot be too generally known :— The Metropolitan Asylum District, 37, Norfolk Street, Strand, London, IV. C., 30th October, 1879. SIR,—The severe nature of the Small Pox epidemic which visited London during the Autumn, 1876, and prevailed with more or less intensity during the whole of 1877 and 1878, and part of 1879, induced the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, upon whom, in their official capacity, devolved the treatment of a large proportion of the infected, to collect certain statistical facts which illustrate the advantages of efficient vaccination and re-vaccination, as evidenced by the experience of the Medical Superintendents of the several Small Pox Hospitals undef the control of the Board. The observations of these gentlemen confirm former opinions on the subject, and establish beyond doubt the mitigating influences in Small Pox cases of successful primary vaccination, and the preventive powers of efficient re-vaccination. The total number of Small Pox patients treated in the various Hospitals of the Managers, from the outbreak of the epidemic in 1876 until the commencement of the present month, has been 15,171, of whom 11,412 were vaccinated and 3,759 unvaccinated; and it is believed that for each case treated in the Board's Hospitals, another was privately attended, hence some idea may be formed of the magnitude of the epidemic. 12 The total number of deaths which occurred in the hospitals during the period under consideration was 2,677. Of these 1,008 were vaccinated, and 1,669 were unvaccinated cases. The percentage mortality upon the whole of the admissions was therefore 17.6, being at the rate of 8.8 per cent. of the vaccinated, and no less than 44.4 per cent. of the unvaccinated. It may be observed that among the 11,412 vaccinated patients admitted, are included the majority of those who stated that they had been vaccinated, but upon whom no traces of vaccination were discernible. No case of Small Pox has come within the cognizance of either of the Medical Superintendents of any person who had been efficiently vaccinated and successfully re-vaccinated. The nurses and servants employed from time to time at the various hospital during the epidemic have enjoyed almost absolute immunity from infection, and the few—some half-dozen amongst nearly one thousand—who contracted the disease whilst discharging their duties, had, from some cause or other, escaped re-vaccination before entering the wards. Experience has therefore irrefutably proved that, were vaccination efficiently performed in infancy, within the period prescribed by the "Vaccination Act." and re-vaccination successfully accomplished at puberty, Small Pox, instead of being, as it is at present, a common and extremely fatal disease, would be a comparatively rare one, and so little fatal that few, if any, deaths would result from it. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, W. F. JEBB, Clerk. MEASLES. (Decennial Average 83.3). As usual, this disease carried off a large number of children, 106 deaths being referred to this cause, of whom all but ten were under five years of age. The period of life at which the greatest number of deaths took place was between the years of one and two, 40 deaths occurring between those ages. As the period at which this disease is most infectious is before the rash appears, isolation is, except in the case of schools, seldom or never attempted. Simple measles rarely kills, as a rule, the immediate cause of death is the lung trouble which so frequently accompanies this affection, and which should always be guarded against with the greatest vigilance. SCARLATINA. (Decennial Average 125). Scarlet fever caused 76 deaths, 56 of which were young children under five years of age. Very many of these were from the kidney affection which is such a frequent sequel of Scarlet fever; it should be borne in mind that mild cases of Scarlet fever are just as likely 13 (indeed, some say more so) to be followed by dropsy as the severe ones. Persons who have been the subject of Scarlet fever should be carefully guarded against any exposure to cold until the process of desquamation or peeling, which almost invariably follows the acute stage, is completed, DIPHTHERIA. (Decennial Average 7.2). Twelve deaths were registered as from this cause, two of them were from that peculiar form of paralysis which is sometimes a result of this disease. FEVER, (Decennial Average 64.0, The deaths from fever were 56, against 51 last year, a considerable increase. Of the deaths registered in the parish, 33 were Typhoid, nine simple fever, and one Typhus, The remaining cases occurred amongst persons removed from this parish to the Asylums Board Hospitals, and as the returns furnished to the Guardians make no distinction between the different kinds of fever, I have been unable to class them. The one death registered from Typhus occurred at the Mission Hospital, Friars Mount. The patient before admission to the hospital had resided in the Old Kent Road; the disease was, therefore, not contracted in this parish, and is excluded from the total number of deaths. Six of the Typhoid cases were very young children : for this reason there is considerable doubt in my mind as to the accuracy of the certificate. WHOOPING COUGH. (Decennial Average 119.9). This disease was extremely fatal, and caused the large number of 147 deaths—considerably over the average; 143 of these were amongst young children. DIARRHCEA. (Decennial Average 135.7). Seventy deaths were recorded as from this cause, two of which were registered as Cholera. The very low temperature prevailing throughout the summer accounts for this comparatively small mortality. 14 OTHER ZYMOTIC DISEASES. Rheumatism caused six deaths, five of which were from the acute form of the disease; in each the immediate cause of death was heart affection. Two deaths were caused by Erysipelas, and one by Quinsy. ENTHETIC DISEASES. Syphilis caused fifteen deaths, all except one being young children, eight of whom were under three months; the disease in each instance was inherited. One death was referred to "Glanders and Gangrene of fauces the man was a dealer in catsmeat living in Three Colt Lane. I could not trace the origin of the disease, but I suppose he must have contracted it from handling, in the way of business, the flesh of some animal which had suffered from Glanders during life. Privation caused six deaths; or to be more correct, these, which were all the subject of enquiry, were returned by the Coroner as from some such cause as old age accelerated by privation. To Alcoholism are attributed nine deaths. Two of them were from delirium tremens; the others, which were in every instance except one registered upon the Coroner's certificate, were mostly returned as from some natural cause "accelerated" by intemperance: one was Syncope, two Congestion of the brain, and one Apoplexy. CONSTITUTIONAL DISEASE. 596 deaths were registered as from diseases in this class, which includes the two orders, Diathetic and Tubercular. Cancer caused 53 deaths; Gout, four; and Mortification (including Noma), eight. To Tubercular diseases were attributed 426 deaths, of which the larger number of 324 were from Phthisis alone. Amongst these, however, are included the non-residents who died at the Victoria Park Chest Hospital. Hydrocephalus caused 97 deaths; of these 78 were from the acute form of the disease, and 19 from the chronic; all these except eight were young children, who are particularly obnoxious to this disease, and to whom it is almost invariably fatal. The total number of deaths from Tubercular disease, excluding those from Hydrocephalus, was 426, being 13.8 per cent. of the total number of 15 deaths from all causes,—a mortality on the estimated population of 3.1 per thousand. Class III.—LOCAL DISEASES. Under this head are grouped the diseases of the various organs; it is the largest of the classes. The total number of deaths recorded was 1386, about one half of which were those of young children- Order 1.—Nervous System, 339 deaths; of these Cephalitis caused eleven; Apoplexy, 50; Paralysis, 41; Insanity, 48 (nearly all patients at Bethnall House Asylum). Under the head of Epilepsy are entered sixteen deaths; four of these died from suffocation during the fit, and one from inflammation of the tonsils in addition to the Epilepsy. Convulsions caused 128 deaths, all, except one, amongst young children—101 of whom were less than one year of age. To various other diseases of the brain are credited 45 deaths. Grouping together the various convulsive diseases of children, namely, Hydrocephalus (19), Infantile Meningitis (79), Convulsions (127), and teething (19), we find there were 244. deaths, a mortality of 12.1 per thousand children living under five years of age, or nearly seventeen per cent, of the total number of children's deaths from all causes. The liability of an organ like a child's brain, rapidly growing and developing as it is, to take on inflammation and disease is well known, and must be taken into account when considering any plan for the education of children. My own opinion is that no young child should be forced to learn; and that to take tender little youngsters and herd them together in stuffy or draughty schoolrooms for purposes of socalled education, is fraught with danger, not only to their brains, but to their bodies too, for no better plan of spreading infantile contagious disorders could well be devised. Order 2.—Organs of Circulation: 169 deaths were entered as caused by diseases of these organs; four were from aneurism, two from pericarditis, and the remainder from various diseases of the heart. The deaths from rheumatic heart affection are recorded under the head of Acute Rheumatism. Order 3.—Respiratory Organs. As might have been expected the cold damp winter largely increased the mortality from diseases of 16 this order. The deaths were 736, against 600 last year, nearly one fourth (24.63 per cent.) of the total number of deaths from all causes, a mortality of 5.6 per thousand population. In the following table is shown the distribution of the pulmonary deaths over the four quarters of the year, and also the rainfall and mean temperature for each. TABLE H. Quarter ending. Children under five years. Persons from five to fifty-five. Persons above fifty-five. Total. Mean Temperature. Rainfall. March 137 48 105 290 37.1 7.04 June 102 33 55 190 49.3 I0.3I September 24 7 6 37 58.2 10.51 December 107 47 84 238 40.3 2.24 Total 370 135 250 755 46.2 Mean Temperature for Year. 30.10 Order 4.—Digestive Organs. Diseases of the Digestive organs caused 71 deaths; of these 22 were from Inflammation of the Bowels, 5 from Inflammation of the Stomach, and 34 from various Diseases of the Liver. Order 5.—Diseases of the Urinary Organs caused 23 deaths, of which 18 were from Kidney affection, 7 being amongst children under five years of age; these were in some instances probably the result of Scarlet Fever, though such was not stated in the medical certificate. Order 6.—Organs of Generation, 10 deaths; three were from Ovarian Dropsy, and 7 from Uterine Disease; 12 cases of malignant disease of the Womb are recorded under the head of Cancer. Order 7.—Organs of Locomotion, the diseases of the various Bones and Joints of the body, caused 12 deaths. Order 8.—Integumentary System, 6 deaths; 5 from Abscess and 1 from Skin Disease. This last was a death from haemorrhage, caused by the bursting of a vein, in the leg of a man suffering from Elephantiasis. 17 Class IV.— DEVELOPMENTAL DISEASE. 430 deaths were thus grouped, rather more than half being amongst young children. Order 1.—Children. 19 died from teething; 46 were prematurely born; and 14 were brought into the world with some part of their bodies or internal organs so deformed as to incapacitate them from carrying on the functions of life for more than a very limited period. Order 2.—Adults. I am sorry to have to record the very large number of 20 deaths from the various diseases and accidents attendant upon Childbirth; of these 3 died from Puerperal Fever, 1 from Blood Poisoning (attended by a midwife), 4 from Peritonitis, 5 from Haemorrhage, 4 from Puerperal Mania, and 1 from Puerperal Convulsions; one was entered simply as prematurely delivered, and another as Childbirth. Order 3.—Old People. Old age was stated to have caused 176 deaths, many of them happening in the workhouse. Order 4.—Nutrition. Atrophy and Debility caused 155 deaths, all except 13 amongst young children. If we group along with these the other wasting diseases of young children made up (in addition to those just mentioned) of premature births, 46, and want of breast milk 4; we get a total of 192 deaths, 13.3 per cent, of the total deaths of young children, a mortality on the estimated population of children under five years of age of 9.5 per thousand. Class V.— VIOLENT DEATHS. These, numbering 67, were all returned by the Coroner. Two were Homicide; one a child whose throat was cut by its father, and the other an infant killed by strangulation. Of the 11 suicides, 7 put an end to their days by hanging, 3 by cutting their throats, and 1 by self-starvation. Of the accidental deaths, one person was choked by a piece of bacon rind in his windpipe, and another (a child four years of age) by a cherry stone; 7 died from the effects of fractures and contusions, 2 from burns and scalds, and 3 from drowning. Suffocation caused 42 deaths, all except 2 amongst young children ; of these, 36 were less than one year of age. b 18 In ten cases the cause of death was certified to the registrar in such a manner as to preclude the possibility of classifying the disease. Of these, 6 were returned by Coroner's Juries as fatal Syncope, and 2 others by medical men, 1 as chronic disease of the throat, and another as inflammation. In 16 instances the deaths were registered without either Medical Certificate or Coroner's Inquests; they were all cases of infants whose mothers had been attended by midwives; in 11 instances the death was returned as from Convulsions, and in 5 as from premature birth. DEATHS IN PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS. Amongst the patients in the various public Hospitals in the parish, 526 deaths were recorded—a very large number—and more than a fifth over the average; amongst these are included the non-residents. The deaths are apportioned as follows:—In the Workhouse 358 (193 males, 165 females). At the Mildmay Mission Hospital 20 (8 males, 12 females). At the City of London Hospital for Diseases of the Chest 64 (43 males, 21 females). At Bethnall House 84 (40 males, 44 females). WORKHOUSE INFIRMARY. To Dr. King, the late Senior Resident Medical Officer, I am indebted for the following return. As will be seen the number of deaths is 10 less than is given above, which is for 53 weeks; a similar discrepancy will be observed in the returns of the other public institutions. New Cases. Deaths. Quarter ending 25th March, 1879 497 112 „ 24th June, 1879 419 89 ,, 30th September, 1879 414 58 ,, 30th December, 1879 522 89 Total 1852 348 19 MILDMAY MISSION HOSPITAL. Cases treated in the Mildmay Medical Mission Hospital from October 5th, 1878, to October 5th, 1879:— DISEASES. Total No. of Cases. Recovered. Relieved. Under Treatment. Died. I. Medical— Typhoid Fever 20 15 .. 4 1 Febricula 7 6 .. 1 .. Rheumatic Fever 6 4 .. 2 .. Bronchitis, Acute 5 3 1 1 .. „ Chronic and Emphysema 20 3 13 .. 4 Pneumonia and Broncho-Pneumonia 14 9 2 1 2 Pleurisy 4 2 2 .. .. Phthisis pulmonalis 20 I 13 2 Cardiac Disease 14 .. 10 .. 4 Pericarditis Chronic 1 .. .. 1 .. Liver Disease 1 .. .. 1 .. Kidney 4 I 2 .. 1 Diarrhœa and Dysentry 5 4 .. .. 1 Gangrenous Stomatitis 2 2 .. .. .. Tonsillitis, Acute and Chronic 4 2 2 .. .. Dyspepsia 5 3 2 .. .. Meningitis 1 .. .. .. 1 Epilepsy 2 .. 2 .. .. Chorea 1 1 .. .. .. Paralysis 5 .. 5 .. .. Phlebitis 1 .. .. 1 .. Skin Diseases 9 5 3 1 .. Rickets 3 .. 2 1 .. Rheumatism 9 6 3 .. Debility 7 3 3 1 .. Diseases of women 6 3 3 .. .. Total 176 73 68 19 16 II. Surgical— Fractured Clavicle 1 .. .. 1 .. Hip joint Diseases 6 .. 2 3 1 Spinal 7 .. 6 .. 1 Eye 2 1 .. 1 .. Onychia 1 .. .. 1 .. Carbuncle 1 1 .. .. .. Wounds, Burns, Scalds 7 6 1 .. .. Ulcer 6 4 I 1 .. Abscesses 5 3 2 .. .. Tumour, Cervical (Removed) 1 1 .. .. .. Total 37 16 12 7 2 Total Medical & Surgical Cases 213 89 80 26 18 20 The number of patients admitted into the Hospital during the past twelve months has been 213; of these, 89 recovered, 80 were relieved, 26 remain under treatment, and 18 died; 57 were men, 74 women, and 82 children. The average time in the Hospital for each patient was one month. There are 27 beds, all of which are usually occupied. Out-Patient Department. There were 2,333 new patients visited the Dispensary on Tuesdays and Fridays, and 8,308 total visits of old and new patients to the Dispensary on those days. There were 2,180 visits of patients to the Dispensary on the other days of the week for minor surgical dressings, and 5,030 visits paid by the Resident Physician to the patients at their own homes. CITY OF LONDON HOSPITAL FOR DISEASES OF THE CHEST. Dr. Orlebar, the Resident Physician, has kindly furnished me with the following Report:— MEDICAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR 1879. In-Patients. Patients under treatment on the 1st of January, 1879 95 Admitted since 795 890 Remaining under treatment on 31st December, 1879 101 Total for 1879 789 Of these there have been— More or less relieved 724 Died 65 Patients admitted from the opening of the Wards, in 1855, to the 31st December, 1879 14,130 Average number resident throughout the year 85 21 Out-Patients. Under treatment on the 1st January, 1879 1,085 Admitted since 13,937 15,022 Remaining under treatment on 31st December, 1879 1,095 Total for 1879 13,927 Patients admitted from the opening of the Institution, in 1848, to the 31st December, 1879 309,861 Average attendance of Out-Patients each week 1,106 Of the In-Patients admitted, about 60 gave their previous place of residence as Bethnal Green, while of the Out-Patients 2,081 gave a similar address. BETHNALL HOUSE LUNATIC ASYLUM. To the kindness of Dr. Millar I am indebted for the following return: Male. Female. No. of Patients 1st January, 1879 144 199 Admitted during 1879 141 179 Discharged „ 89 98 Died ,, 38 45 No. on 1st January, 1880 158 235 Average number resident 140 216 QUEEN ADELAIDE'S DISPENSARY. The Committee of Management of Queen Adelaide's Dispensary for the Sick Poor of Bethnal Green, in presenting their Thirtieth Annual Report for the year ending 31st December, 1879, state thai he Institution continues to do its work with great efficiency, to the advantage of a needy and densely-crowded population. The Medical Report of the Charity gives the following results:— Patients under medical treatment at the commencement of 1879 370 New patients admitted who have had advice and medicine gratis at the Dispensary, or at their own homes 3019 Visited at their own homes 291 Have died 31 Still under medical treatment 816 22 With reference to the remainder, about one-half are permanently cured; the others receive such relief and assistance as medical aid can render. The total number of Patients' tickets issued to Governors from the 4th of March, 1850, to the 31st December, 1879, has amounted to 84,182, of which 73,052 have during the existence of the Charity been presented at the Dispensary. PAUPER ILLNESS. The following return, extracted from the books of the District Medical Officers, shews the number of new cases attended by them:— District. Mar. 31 June 30 Sept. 30 Dec. 31 Mr. Massingham No. 1 141 105 105 188 Dr. Welch No. 2 253 237 195 199 Dr. Richards No. 3 146 107 125 138 Mr. Defriez No. 4 94 92 93 75 Dr. Burgess No. 5 83 6l 66 94 Mr. Owen No. 6 191 113 110 154 908 715 694 848 LONDON HOSPITAL. As this Charity draws a large number of its patients from this neighbourhood, though not itself situated in the Parish, I insert the following particulars, which refer solely to patients who gave their addresses as Bethnal Green. We still continue to receive valuable information as to the locality of cases of Zymotic disease from the Hospital authorities. 248 patients were admitted from Bethnal Green into the medical wards ; of these 37 cases terminated fatally. MALES March Quarter. Occupations. Total Number of Cases. Fatal Cases. General Diseases. Class I. General Diseases. Class II. Arthritic Diseases. Diseases of Nervous System. Diseases of Vascular System. Diseases of Respiratory System. Diseases of Digestive System. Diseases of Urinary System. Zymotic Diseases. Labourer In-door, Heavy work 1 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. ,, Light work 6 3 1 .. .. 1 .. I .. .. Out-door, Heavy work 4 1 .. .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. „ Light work 3 1 .. .. 1 .. .. 1 .. 1 .. Seamen .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professional .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Clerks .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 4 .. I .. .. I .. I .. .. I Total No. of cases 18 .. 2 .. 2 5 2 4 1 2 1 Fatal Cases .. 5 1 .. .. 1 1 1 .. 1 .. June Quarter. Labourer In-door, Heavy work 3 .. .. I .. I .. I .. .. .. ,, Light work 14 4 I I 2 3 I 4 .. .. I Out-door,Heavy work 6 2 I .. 2 .. I 2 .. .. .. ,, Light work 5 I .. I 3 1 .. .. .. .. .. Seamen 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. I .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professional I .. .. .. .. .. .. .. I .. .. Clerks .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 6 2 I .. .. 3 I .. .. .. I Persons of no occupation . I .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Total No. of cases 39 .. 3 3 7 8 3 9 3 3 2 Fatal cases .. 9 1 1 .. 2 2 2 .. 1 1 September Quarter. Labourer In-door, Heavy work 7 2 .. .. .. I 3 2 I .. .. „ Light work 7 I .. I 2 2 .. 2 .. .. .. Out-door,Heavy work 4 .. .. I .. 2 .. .. .. I .. ,, Light work 4 .. .. .. 2 I .. I .. .. .. Seamen .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious I .. .. .. .. .. .. .. I .. .. Professional 2 .. .. .. .. I .. I .. .. .. Persons of no occupation 8 2 .. I .. 3 1 2 .. 1 .. Total No. of cases 33 .. .. 3 4 10 4 8 2 2 .. Fatal cases .. 5 .. .. .. .. 2 2 .. 1 .. December Quarter. Labourer In-door. Heavy work 1 .. .. .. .. .. I .. .. .. .. „ Light work 12 2 .. 2 I 1 I 3 .. .. 4 Out-door,Heavy Work 3 .. I .. I .. .. I .. .. 1 „ Light work 3 2 .. .. .. .. .. 3 .. .. .. Seamen .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. I .. .. Professional .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Clerks .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. No occupation 1 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. Children 8 I 2 2 1 1 .. 2 .. .. .. Total No. of cases 29 .. 7 4 3 3 2 9 1 .. 7 Fatal Cases .. 5 .. 1 .. 1 .. 3 .. .. .. FEMALES. March Quarter. Occupations. Total Number of Cases. Fatal Cases. General Diseases. Class I. General Diseases. Class II. Arthritic Diseases. Diseases of Nervous System. Diseases of Vascular System. Diseases of Respiratory System. Diseases of Digestive System. Diseases of Urinary System. Diseases of Generative Organs. Zymotic Diseases. Domestic 18 2 3 I I .. 3 2 .. I 7 2 In-door Trades 10 I .. I 2 I .. 2 .. .. 4 .. Out-door Trades .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professions .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 4 .. .. I .. .. .. 3 .. .. .. .. Persons of no occupation 3 .. .. .. .. I .. 1 .. .. 1 .. Total No. of cases 35 .. 3 3 3 2 3 8 .. 1 12 2 Fatal cases .. 3 .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. 1 .. June Quarter. Domestic 11 .. .. 1 2 1 .. 2 .. .. 5 .. In-door Trades 2 .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. Out-door Trades 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. Professions .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 .. .. Persons of no occupation 5 2 .. .. 1 .. 4 .. .. .. .. .. Total No. of cases 22 .. 1 1 3 1 5 2 3 1 5 .. Fatal cases .. 2 .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. September Quarter. Domestic 21 1 1 1 .. 2 1 4 6 I 5 .. 12 I .. 1 3 4 1 1 .. .. 2 .. Out-door Trade 1 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professions 1 1 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. Persons of no occupation 5 .. .. .. .. 2 1 .. .. .. 2 .. Children 2 .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. Total No. of cases 42 .. l 3 4 8 4 5 7 1 9 .. Fatal cases .. 4 .. 1 .. 1 1 1 .. 7 .. .. December Quarter. Domestic 15 3 2 2 .. .. .. 4 2 .. 5 2 In-door Trades 8 1 2 .. 1 1 1 .. .. 2 I 2 Out-door Trades. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Persons of no occupation 2 .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. Children 5 .. 1 1 1 .. .. 2 .. .. .. 1 Total No. of cases 30 .. .. 3 2 6 2 6 3 2 6 5 Fatal cases .. 4 5 .. .. .. .. 3 .. .. .. 1 "General Diseases, Class I.," embrace measles, scarlet fever, typhus, enteric fever, cerebrospinal meningitis, pyæmia, ague, erysipelas, puerperal fever, acute tuberculosis, pyrexia (from undetermined causes. "General Diseases, Class II.," embrace purpura, scurvy, scrofula, rickets, anaemia, cancer, syphilis, diabetes, general dropsy, &c. Francis Warner, M.D., Medical Registrar. 25 EAST LONDON WATER COMPANY. This Company, which provides the whole of our district with water, now gives a constant supply to 100,848 houses. As a rule the water is taken from the Lea: the Company have, however, power to draw a certain quantity annually from the Thames, and during the months of August and September this power was exercised, and the auxiliary works at Sunbury and Hanworth were in use. The supply of the Company is at all times drawn from impounding reservoirs, and the intake is closed during floods. During the past year one section of the filter beds has been entirely reconstructed on a new principle, which appears to have been attended with satisfactory results. The set of four new filter beds and two 100-horse power pumping engines at Lea Bridge are nearly completed, and will shortly be put in use. The large cast iron tank at Buckhurst Hill, capable of containing 70,000 gallons, was brought into use during the month of June. This is kept in reserve in case of fires at night, or for when the engines are not at work, being situated on the highest ground in the neighbourhood, and placed at a sufficient altitude to command the surrounding houses. The following is an extract from Dr. Tidy's Annual Report to the Society of Medical Officers of Health:— East London.—The total solid matter ranged from 20.00 grs. per gallon in October to 26.00 grs. in February ; the Nitrogen as Nitrates from 0.105 grs. in May and July to 0.195 gr. in December. The minimum amount of oxygen needed to oxidize the organic and other matters per gallon, was in April (0.028 gr.), and the maximum in October (0.086 gr.). The samples, as collected from the Company's mains, were, without exception, perfectly bright, and free from suspended matter. I would remark here that the year through which we have passed has been an exceptionally trying one for the water companies—indeed, far more trying than any of which I have had experience. The excessive rainfall has rendered the Thames more frequently than usual thick and turbid. It was to have been expected that the analyses would shew a larger average amount of organic matter than in previous years, and the only thing which need surprise us is that it is not greater than results prove it to be. And yet notwithstanding this (and I especially direct your attention to the fact), the death rate of London for 1879 is the lowest on record. When I write my next report it is not unlikely that the water supply will have passed out of the hands of the companies, and the management be vested in some 26 other body. I will not venture to predict the future of the London Water Supply, but I again repeat what I have said more than once before, that in my opinion no better sources of water can be found for the Metropolis, considering all the facts of the case, than the rivers Thames and Lea. I trust, when the companies have passed into the hands of Government, that the general management of the several works will be as good as now, and that the change the public have clamoured for, and the more efficient working that the public expect, will be seen not merely in lessened taxation, but in the improved health of the people and a lower death rate. SLAUGHTER HOUSES. The condition of these remains fairly good: some few defects in the drainage arrangements were discovered, but, upon notice being served on the owners, they were all remedied before the Sessions, so that no opposition was made to the renewal of any of the licences. No fresh application for a new licence was made. The following is a list of Licensed Slaughter Houses in the parish:— LICENSED SLAUGHTER HOUSES. District No. 1. Attwell, Orlando Thomas 278, Hackney road Button, Edward 326, Hackney road Chase, Walter 397, Hackney road Fulford, James 226, Hackney road Goram, John James 515, Hackney road Harris, John William 479, Cambridge road Morris, H. J. 202, Hackney road District No. 2. Baker, William 144, Brick lane Gregory, George 291, Cambridge road Kingston, Peter 360, Bethnal Green road Knight, Charles 145, Brick lane Long, John 2, Essex street Mason, Mrs. Elizabeth 416, Bethnal Green road Meadway, George 354, Bethnal Green road Payne, Robert 124, Brick lane COW HOUSES. By the 36th Section of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act of 1878, the Privy Council is enabled to make orders for the registration of persons carrying on the milk trade. The Metropolitan Board of Works, which is the local authority for London under the Act, is empowered to frame regulations for the better carrying on of this business, and has accordingly issued the following Bye-laws. 27 The regulations which are here printed are amended ones, and differ in some respects from those originally issued. Notably the amount of space at first required was 800 cubic feet per cow; this has been reduced to 600, where the ventilating arrangements are found to be satisfactory. Next, by the 5th regulation, as to construction, it will be seen that the inner walls, doors, and woodwork are required to be covered with hard, smooth, impervious material to a certain height; this is copied from the Slaughter-house regulations, and where blood is liable to be splashed about in a confined space is a very useful and proper provision. But in a cow shed the conditions are altered, and good honest limewash frequently renewed is, in my opinion, infinitely better than the "Silicate paint," allowed by the Metropolitan Board to be used as "hard, smooth, impervious material," this paint (which has been very extensively used by the cowkeepers) soon becomes shabby and dirty, gets rubbed off in patches by the friction of the cows' bodies, and can only be renewed at considerable expense, while limewash costs next to nothing, and can be applied by the farm servants in their spare time. Nothing is said in these regulations about applications for new licences for cow sheds, so far as regards position and sanitary surroundings; indeed, as was stated by my colleague, Dr. Tripe, the Metropolitan Board of Works has no locus standi at the Licensing Sessions, its powers extending only to the recovery of penalties for breach of Bye-laws. The magistrates, whilst agreeing with Dr. Tripe, considered that as the Board of Works has such immense powers, it would be convenient and advisable to hear the statements of the Board's Solicitor, and be guided to a certain extent by his advice. Metropolitan Board of Works 41 & 42 Vict., Ch. 74. REGULATIONS AS TO DAIRIES, COWSHEDS, AND MILKSHOPS. In pursuance of Section 34 of the 41 and 42 Vict., Ch. 74, the following Order in Council was made on the gth July, 1879:— THE DAIRIES, COWSHEDS, & MILKSHOPS ORDER OF JULY, 1879. Preliminary. †.—This Order may be cited as the Dairies, CoWsheds, and Milkshops Order of July, 1879. 28 2.—This Order extends to England and Wales and Scotland only. 3.—In this Order words have the same meaning as in the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Revocation of Former Orders. 4.—The Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Order of 1879, and the Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Amendment Order of 1879, are hereby from the making of this Order revoked; but nothing herein shall invalidate or make unlawful anything done under those Orders, or either of them, before the making of this order, or interfere with the institution or prosecution of any proceeding in respect of any offence committed against, or any penalty incurred under those Orders, or either of them. Construction and Water-Supply of New Dairies and Cowsheds. 5.— (1.) It shall not be lawful for any person following the trade of cow-keeper or dairyman to begin to occupy as a Dairy or Cowshed any building, not so occupied at the making of this Order, unless and until he first makes provision, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Local Authority, for the lighting, and the ventilation, including air-space, and the cleansing, drainage, and water-supply of the same, while occupied as a Dairy or Cowshed. (2.) It shall not be lawful for any such person to begin so to occupy any such building without first giving one month's notice in writing to the Local Authority of his intention so to do. Sanitary State of all Dairies and Cowsheds. 6.—It shall not be lawful for any person following the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman to occupy as a Dairy or Cowshed any building, whether so occupied at the making of this Order or not, if and as long as the lighting and the ventilation, including air-space, and the cleansing, drainage, and water-supply thereof are not such as are necessary or proper— (a.) for the health and good condition of the cattle therein ; and (b.) for the cleanliness of milk-vessels used therein for containing milk for sale; and (c.) for the protection of the milk therein against infection and contamination. Cleansing of Dairies, Cowsheds, Milkstores, Milkshops, and Milk-vessels. 7.—A Local Authority may, from time to time, make regulations for prescribing and regulating the cleansing of Dairies and Cowsheds in the occupation of persons following the trade of cowkeepers or dairymen, and the cleansing of Milkstores, Milkshops, and Milk-vessels used for containing milk for sale by such persons. Contamination of Milk. 8—If at any time disease exists among the cattle in a Dairy and Cowshed, or other building or place, the milk of a diseased cow therein— (a.) shall not be mixed with other milk: and (b.) shall not be sold or used for human food; and (c.) shall not be sold or used for food of swine, or other animals, unless and until it has been boiled. 9.—It shall not be lawful for any person following the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman, or purveyor of milk, or being the occupier of a Milkstore or Milkshop— (1.) to allow any person suffering from a dangerous infectious disorder, or having recently been in contact with a person so suffering, to milk cows, or to handle vessels 29 used for containing milk for sale, or in any way to take part or assist in the conduct of the trade or business of the cowkeeper, or dairyman, purveyor of milk, or occupier of a Milkstore, or Milkshop, as far as regards the production, distribution, or storage of milk, or— (2.) If himself so suffering or having recently been in contact as aforesaid, to milk cows, or handle vessels used for containing milk for sale, or in any way take part in the conduct of his trade or business, as far as regards the production, distribution, or storage of milk—until in each case all danger therefrom of the communication of infection to the milk or of its contamination has ceased. 10.—It shall not be lawful for any person following the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman, or purveyor of milk, or befng the occupier of a Milkstore or Milkshop, to use a Milkstore or Milkshop in his occupation, or permit the same to be used, for any purpose incompatible with the proper preservation of the cleanliness of the Milkstore or Milkshop, and of the milk-vessels and milk therein, or in any manner likely to cause contamination of the milk therein. Keeping of Swine. 11.—It shall not be lawful for any person following the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman or purveyor of milk to keep any swine in any Cowshed or other building used by him for keeping cows, or in any Milkstore or other place used by him for keeping milk for sale. Registration of Dairymen and others. 12.—(I.) Every Local Authority shall keep a register of persons from time to time carrying on in the district of the Local Authority the trade of cowkeepers, dairymen, or purveyors of milk, and shall from time to time revise and correct the register. (2.) The Local Authority shall from time to time give public notice by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in their district, and, if they think fit, by placards, hand bills, or otherwise, of registration being required, and of the mode of registration. (3.) It shall not be lawful for any person to carry on in the district of any Local Authority the trade of cowkeeper, dairyman, or purveyor of milk unless he is registered as such therein. (4.) A person who carries on the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman for the purpose only of making and selling butter or cheese, or both, and who does not carry on the trade of purveyor of milk, shall not, for the purposes of registration, be deemed to be a person carrying on the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman, and need not be registered. (5.) A person who sells milk of his own cows in small quantities to his workmen or neighbours, for their accommodation, shall not, for the purposes of registration, be deemed, by reason only of such selling, to be a person carrying on the trade of cowkeeper, dairyman, or purveyor of milk, and need not, by reason thereof, be registered. Acts of Local Authorities. 13.—(1.) All orders and regulations made by a local Authority under The Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Order of 1879, and in force at the making of this Order, shall, as far as the same are not varied by or inconsistent with this Order, remain in force until altered or revoked by the Local Authority. (2.) Forms of registers and other forms which have been before the making of this Older prepared for use by a Local Authority under the Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Order of 1879 may be used, as far as they are suitable, for the purposes of this Order. 3° Scotland. 14.—Nothing in this Order shall be deemed to interfere with the operation of The Cattle Sheds in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866. Provisions which the Metropolitan Board of Works consider necessary shall be made in Dairies and Cowsheds in the Metropolis for lighting, ventilation including air-space, cleansing, drainage, and water supply, in compliance with the Sections 5 and 6 of "The Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Order of July, 1879." Cowsheds. 1.—Every Cowshed shall be well and sufficiently lighted by openings in the sides or roof, or by windows therein. 2.—Every Cowshed shall be thoroughly ventilated by lantern, louvred ventilators in the roof thereof, or by louvred ventilators in the walls, or by openings in the sides or roofs. 3.—In every Cowshed there shall be sufficient air-space for the health and good condition of the cattle therein, i.e., there shall be for each animal kept in a separate stall a superficial space of at least 8 feet by 4 feet, and for two animals kept in one stall a superficial space of 8 feet by 7 feet; and there shall be an air-space of at least 600 cubic feet in respect of every animal kept in a Cowshed, where, taking into consideration the position and construction of the shed, there are perfectly satisfactory means of ventilation, but in other cases there shall be an air-space of 800 cubic feet in respect of every animal kept, and in any case the height of the shed in excess of 16 feet shall not be taken into account in estimating the air-space. 4.—No water-closet, privy, cesspool, or urinal shall be within, communicate directly with, or ventilate into a Cowshed. 5.—The inner walls, doors, and woodwork of every Cowshed shall be covered with hard, smooth, and impervious material to a height of at least 5 feet from the floor of such Cowshed. 6.—Every Cowshed shall be provided with properly constructed places or receptacles for storing any brewers' grains intended for the animals therein, and also places or receptacles for receiving the dung and litter from the Cowsheds, and such places or receptacles shall be constructed of or lined with impervious material and be properly drained, but no such places or receptacles shall be within, or cotnrnunicale directly with any Cowshed. 7.—Every Cowshed shall be well paved with Stourbridge or other impervious brick, or other impervious material, set with cement properly bedded on concrete, with a proper slope towards a gully-hole, which shall, where practicable, be outside the shed; such gully-hole to communicate by an adequate drain of glazed stoneware pipes with the public sewer, and be trapped by an appropriate trap, and be covered with a fixed or locked grating, the bars of which shall be not more than - inch apart; excepting that, not exceeding three feet of the foremost part of the stalls may be paved with chalk or other similar material. 8.—Every Cowshed shall be provided with an adequate supply of water, and where there is not a constant water supply, with a slate, metal, or metallic-lined tank, properly covered and provided with an overflow or warning pipe, and with piping for conveying the water to the Cowshed; such tank to be so placed that the bottom thereof shall be not less than 6 feet above the floor level. Every such tank 30 shall be of a capacity equal to twelve gallons of water for each cow lawfully kept; it shall have no communication with any water-closet or drain by means of a wastepipe ; and it shall be supplied with good and wholesome water, which, if practicable, shall be procured by the occupier from a public water company. 9.—Each stall or standing-place for cows in every Cowshed shall be provided with a water-trough or receptacle, constructed of or lined with hard, smooth, and impervious material, and each such trough or receptacle shall be supplied with water by means of a pipe communicating with a water tank, or in the case of a constant water supply, with the Water Company's pipes, and each such trough or receptacle shall also be provided with a waste-pipe or waste-hole in the lowest part thereof. Dairies. 10.—Every Dairy shall be sufficiently lighted, and shall be thoroughly ventilated by louvred ventilators or openings in the walls or roof. 11.—Every Dairy shall be well paved with flagstones, concrete, or other suitable material, properly set in cement, and the inner walls thereof shall be covered with hard, smooth, and impervious material to a height of at least 6 feet. 12.—The floor of every Dairy shall fall or slope whenever practicable towards an opening in the walls thereof, leading to a gully-hole outside such Dairy; and such gully-hole shall be properly trapped. 13.—Every Dairy shall be provided with an adequate supply of water, and, where there is not a constant supply, with a slate, metal, or metallic-lined tank, properly covered and provided with an overflow or warning pipe, and with piping for conveying the water to the Dairy. The tank shall have no communication with any water-closet or drain by means of a waste-pipe, and shall be supplied with good and wholesome water, which, if practicable, shall be procured by the occupier from a public water company. REGULATIONS AS TO THE CLEANSING OF DAIRIES, COWSHEDS, AND MILKSHOPS. In pursuance of Section 7 of "The Dairies, Cowsheds, and Milkshops Order of July, 1879," the Metropolitan Board of Works, being the Local Authority for carrying the provisions of such Order into effect within the Metropolis (except the City of London and the liberties thereof), hereby make the following regulations for prescribing and regulating the cleansing of Dairies and Cowsheds in the occupation of persons following the trade of cowkeeper or dairyman, and the cleansing of Millcstores, Milkshops, and Milk-vessels used for containing milk for sale by such persons. Regulations as to Cleansing of Cowsheds. 1.—Every Cowshed, and all troughs or utensils used for supplying the cows with food and water, shall be thoroughly cleansed with water at least once every day. 2.—The upper parts of the inner surface of the walls of every Cowshed shall be thoroughly cleansed and lime washed in the months of April and October, and oftener if necessary. 3.—All dung and offensive litter shall be carefully swept up and removed from every Cowshed at least twice every day. 4.—No dung, grains, or other substance from which effluvia is liable to be given off, shall be kept in any Cowshed; nor shall any dung, grains, or other substance as aforesaid be so kept that any effluvia therefrom can enter any Cowshed. 32 5.—All utensils and vessels used by a cowkeeper for the reception, storage, or delivery of milk shall be thoroughly cleansed with steam or scalding water as frequently as may bo necessary for keeping such vessels and utensils perfectly clean and sweet, and only clean water shall be used for this purpose. 6.—Every Cowkeeper shall at all times employ such means and adopt such precautions as may be necessary for keeping any Cowsheds in his occupation, and the cows therein, in a clcan and wholesome condition. Regulations as to Cleansing of Dairies. 7.—Every Dairy, as well as all fixtures and tables therein, shall be cleansed with water as frequently as may be necessary for keeping such dairy, fixtures, and tables, in a thoroughly clcan and wholesome condition. 8.—All utensils and vessels used by a dairyman for the reception, storage, or delivery of milk shall be thoroughly cleansed with steam or scalding water as frequently as may be ncccssary for keeping such utensils and vessels perfectly clean and sweet, and only clcan water shall be used for the purpose. 9.—Every dairyman shall, at all times, employ such means and adopt such precautions as may be necessary for keeping any Dairy in his occupation, and the utensils and vessels used by him for containing milk, in a clean and wholesome condition, so as to preserve the purity of such milk. Regulations as to the Cleansing of Milkstores, Milkshops, and Milk-vessels used for containing Milk for Sale. 10.—Every Milkstore and Milkshop, as well as all fixtures and tables thcrin, used in connection with the keeping or sale of milk, shall at all times be kept in a cleanly condition. xi.—All utensils and vessels used by a purveyor of milk for the reception, storage, or delivery of milk, shall be thoroughly cleansed with steam or scalding water as frequently as may be necessary for keeping such utensils and vessels perfectly clean and sweet, and only clcan water shall be used for the purpose. 12.—Every purveyor of milk shall, at all times, employ such means and adopt such precautions as may be necessary for keeping the utensils and vessels used by him for containing milk in a clean and wholesome condition, so as to preserve the purity of such milk. By Order, J. E. WAKEFIELD, Clerk of the Board. Dated this 7th day of October, 1879, at the Oflicc of the Metropolitan Board of Works, Spring Gardens, Charing Cross* NOTE.—Sections 60 & 61 of the 41st and 42nd Victoria, Ch. 74, provide that any person who does anything in contravention of an Order in Council, or of a Regulation of a Local Authority, will be guilty of an offence against the Act, and bo liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds. 33 As usual, the cow houses in the parish have been frequently visited and inspected by members of the Sanitary Committee, by the Inspectors, and by myself. Numerous defects in the sanitary and structural arrangements were discovered, but pending the action about to be taken by the Metropolitan Board of Works, and the immense structural alterations required by their byelaws, no opposition was made by us to the renewal of any of the licences. In two instances the owners, not having any prospect of being able to carry out these requirements, allowed their licences to lapse. At the sessions a licence was applied for to keep cows in a shed in Seabright Street, application for which had been made, and refused, at the previous sessions. The magistrates, having elicited the fact that the shed was (so far as its structure and surroundings were concerned) in precisely the same condition as last year, declined to reverse their previous decision. With respect to this same shed, the owner, although a licence was refused at the previous sessions, had nevertheless filled his shed with cows, and commenced business in the ordinary way. Notice was served upon him to remove the animals. Various excuses were made to avoid doing so, and eventually proceedings had to be taken at Worship street to compel the removal of the cows, and a fine of forty shillings was inflicted. The following are brief notes of the condition of the sheds at present licensed in the parish :— No. 1 DISTRICT. William James, The Oval, Hackney road.—15 cows kept, but has room for 48. The place is new, well built, and well arranged. There are 2 sheds; the larger is constructed to hold 28 cows and the smaller one 20; all the requirements of Metropolitan Board are fully carried out, and the cowhouse is, in most respects, a model one. The ventilation, which is particularly effective, is provided for by louvred ridge and side openings. John Henry Lockyer, 8, Minerva street.—6 cows kept, but has only cubic space for 2 (800 cubic feet to each animal). The shed is small, ill-arranged, and very badly ventilated. The licence for this shed would certainly have been opposed at the last sessions, but the Sanitary Committee, having taken into consideration the fact that the old lease for the premises had expired, and that a new one had not been granted, determined to postpone opposition until the meeting of the magistrates in 1880. Maria Griffiths, 23, Temple street,—Keeps no cows, but has space for 4 (800 cubic feet to each). This is a small timber-built shed, having no special arrangements for ventilation. C 34 William Rees, 45, Gloucester street, Hackney road.—Keeps 8 cows, but has only room for 3 (800 cubic feet to each).—This is a small, ill-constructed, timberbuilt shed, without any special arrangements for ventilation, and is practically in the same condition as before the issue of the byelaws. Daniel Jones, 304, Columbia road.—Keeps 20 cows—his full number— allowing 800 cubic feet for each. The shed is low and badly ventilated, the openings being insufficient. By improving the ventilation the owner might be allowed to keep 27 cows. The dung-pit and grain-pit are both inside the shed, but boxed off with timber, which is, in my opinion, not sufficient; they should be separated from the cows by proper brick partitions. Joseph Morris, 8, James street.—Keeps 4 cows, but has cubic space for 7; the place has been much improved since last year, and is ventilated by side openings. Mr. Morris keeps a horse, a goat, fowls, and pigeons in his shed in addition to the cows. William Boakes, 47, Columbia road.—Keeps 7 cows, but has room (at 800 cubic feet for each) for 10. By improving the ventilation, which at present is bad, would be able to keep 14 cows. Richard Mason, 3, Hassard street.—Keeps 15 cows, but has sufficient space for 34. The shed is large and well-built, but the ventilation might be improved by the insertion of more side openings. Howell Havard, I, Gibraltar walk.—Keeps 20 cows, but has only room for 16. The dung-pit and grain-pit are merely boxed off from the shed, which is, however, new, well built, and well ventilated. He has too many cows for the space. Thomas Harrington, 12, Gibraltar walk.—Keeps 1 cow, but has room lor 3, reckoning 800 cubic feet for each. The shed is low and badly ventilated, there not being any special arrangements for the purpose. Thomas Jones, 5, Virginia row.—Keeps 14 cows, but has room for 16. This is a good, well-built shed, well ventilated by louvred side-lights. The grain-pit and dung-pit, which are situated at the entrance, are merely boxed off by timber partitions. Joseph Ward, 31, Austin street.—Keeps 9 cows, but has space for 13. The shed is well ventilated and properly arranged. John Williams, 8, Boundary street.—Keeps 6 cows, but has room for 11. This place is, with the exception of a W.C. in the gateway, which really communicates with and ventilates into the shed, fairly well arranged. John Powell, 64, Squirries street.—This is a new shed in process of construction; so far as I can judge he will have room for about 17 cows. David Robinson, 44, Squirries street.—Keeps 9 cows, but has room for 11. The shed is new, well built, and well ventilated by louvred roof and side openings, but the dung-pit is merely boxed off from the shed. David Robinson, William street.—This, which is used as an overflow shed by Mr. Robinson, is nothing like so well constructed as the other. At the time of my last visit there were 5 cows in the shed; there is, however, cubic space for 4 only. Jonathan Richards, 381, Cambridge road.—This shed, which is the largest and best-conducted in the parish, has cubic space for 116 cows; the last time I 35 visited there were only 92. The premises consist of 3 large airy sheds, well ventilated by louvred openings, so placed as to obtain a good current of air from end to end. The sheds are always kept clean and in first-rate order, and the requirements of the Metropolitan Board of Works have been carried out in every particular. John Edwards, 5, Mount street.—Keeps 20 cows, but has cubic space for 24. The shed has been newly constructed, and is in excellent order. No. 2 DISTRICT. John Bunn, 35, Lisbon street.—Keeps 14 cows—the full number, reckoning 800 cubic feet for each. The shed is in fairly good condition, but the ventilation can be very much improved by inserting louvred openings; he would then, reckoning the cubic space for each cow at 600 feet, be able to keep 19. George Bogos, 15, Norfolk street.—Keeps 15 cows, but has space for 16; the arrangements and ventilation are fairly good. John Moss, 3, Essex street.—Keeps 4 cows, but has room for 6. The shed is new and well built, ventilated by a large lantern ventilator in the roof. The regulations have been fully complied with. Mark Rawlinson, 5, Suffolk street.—Keeps 3 cows, but has room for 15. Ventilation and arrangements fairly good. James Mann, Three Colt lane.—Keeps 8 cows; has not complied with the regulations; the shed is badly ventilated, and not kept in good order. By measurement he has room for 3 cows; this shed is, therefore, considerably overcrowded.* Edward Rice, 17, Coventry street.—Keeps 4 cows, but has cubic space for 8. The shed is new, but is not particularly well constructed; it is, however, very well ventilated. John Edwards, 45, Somerford street.—Keeps 4 cows, but has space for 8. The shed is fairly well arranged, and ventilated by louvred ridge and side openings. Benjamin Wisbey, 81, Brady street.—Keeps 10 cows—his full number;—the cubic capacity is considerably diminished by the store of fodder kept in the shed. The place is fairly well ventilated by openings in the roof and sides, and the arrangements are good. Thomas Davies, 42, Cheshire street.—Keeps 7 cows—the full number for which he has space. The shed is new, fairly well constructed, and ventilated by ridge and side lights. Margaret and John Jenkins, 32, Edward street.—Keep 16 cows; they have, however, cubic capacity for 13 only; by removing the loft over the cows a considerable amount of cubic space can be gained. The shed is ventilated by ridge and side lights, and the arrangements are fairly good. Thomas Davis, 100, Sclater street.—Keeps 9 cows—his full number. The shed is new, well built, well ventilated, and well arranged. No. 3 DISTRICT. Thomas Day, 21, West street.—Keeps 32 cows, but has only sufficient space for 30. The ventilation, which is not first-rate, can be improved by the insertion of more side openings. * This shed has been demolished, and is now in process of rebuilding. 36 Frederick Skinner, 63, Bishop's road.—8 cows kept; has room for 9. Shed is new, well constructed, and properly arranged and ventilated. Champness Brothers, 5, Russia lane.—No cows kept, but have cubic space (800 feet each) for 4; very slight alterations have been made; 2 stalls have, however, been so arranged that the requirements of the Metropolitan Board of Works have been complied with after a fashion. Messrs. Champness do not intend keeping any cows at present, but wish to keep on their licence. The ventilation is bad, as there are no special openings for the purpose. John Powell, I, Russia lane.—8 cows kept; there is, however, space for 6 only. The shed is well ventilated by louvred lantern ventilators in the roof. William Hodges, 34B, Green street.—Keeps 65 cows, but has only cubic space for 57. This is a large shed ventilated by side openings. The cows are given no water, but are fed on distiller's wash. Humphrey Griffiths, 6, Warley street.—Keeps 2 cows, but has cubic space for 9. Very little has been done to the shed; the regulations of the Board have not been carried out. E. R. Jones, Penelope House, Hamilton road.—Keeps 12 cows, but has space for 16. In fairly good condition. Champness Brothers, 65, Roman road.—No cows kept, but have space for 8. Arrangements fairly good. G. Skinner, Wright's Wharf, Old Ford road.—Keeps 7 cows, but has space for 6 only. There are 2 sheds, not well arranged and not well ventilated. FISH CURING. The premises for smoking and curing fish have all been visited by the members of the Sanitary Committee, who expressed themselves as satisfied with the improvement shewn in most; some are still, however, kept in a very dirty condition. In accordance with the desire of the Committee, the following Bye-laws were drawn up and issued to all the persons following this tiade in the parish:— BYE-LAWS FOR REGULATING THE CONDUCT OF THE BUSINESS OF A FISH CURER OR FISH SMOKER, And the Structure of the Premises in which such business may be carried on within the limits of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. 1. The Occupier shall keep the inner walls of the shed, in which the fish are opened and cleaned, in good order and repair, and shall cause them to be thoroughly washed with quick lime at least once in every three months, and he shall keep the yard and other parts of the premises clean and in good order. 2. The Occupier shall cause the shed and yard to be well paved with asphalte or flag stones, or proper paving bricks, set in cement, to be laid with a proper slope and channel towards a gully, and to be effectually drained by an adequate drain of glazed pipes communicating with the public sewer, the gully to be trapped by an appropriate and immovable trap, which shall be covered with a grating. 37 The form of Trap approved by the Medical Officer of Health may be inspected at the Vestry Hall. 3. Every Fish Curer shall provide a sufficient number of tubs, boxes, or vessels, constructed of galvanized iron or other non-absorbent material, and furnished with tight and close-fitting covers, for the purpose of receiving and conveying away all garbage, offal, and filth. He shall from time to time, as often as occasion may require, cause such garbage and offal to be placed in such vessels and removed from his premises without delay. In no instance shall such offal be allowed to remain on the premises to accumulate for more than twenty-four hours. 4. Every Fish Curer shall cause every vessel, receptacle, or scraping board provided or used in connection with his business to be kept, when not actually in use, at all times thoroughly clean, so as to prevent the emission of any offensive smell. No accumulation of empty fish boxes, baskets, or lumber will be allowed on the premises. 5. Any Fish Curer offending against these Regulations will be summoned to the Worship Street Police Court, and fined such sums as the Magistrate may direct. In case of a repetition of the offence, the Occupier will be indicted for creating a nuisance, and the further carrying on of the business will be prohibited. By Order of the Sanitary Committee, GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D., OCTOBER, 1879. Medical Officer of Health. A considerable nuisance seems to have been caused by the dealers who remove the fish offal for the purpose of converting it into manure. Several of those persons were written to by Mr. Voss, and attended before the Sanitary Committee; they agreed to provide air-tight tanks for the purpose; in some instances this has been done, and a considerable abatement of the nuisance is the result. SANITARY LEGISLATION DURING THE YEAR. During the past year several important Acts of Parliament have received the Royal Assent. The Metropolis Management and Buildings Act (Amendment) empowers the Board of Works to make certain Bye-laws, which this authority has accordingly issued, containing stringent regulations as to foundations and sites of buildings, and also the description and quality of the material used in the construction of houses, ordaining that mortar shall be made of certain proportions of fresh burnt lime and clean sand or grit, and that Portland or other good cement shall be also mixed with clean sand or grit, that all walls must have throughout their whole length and width damp-proof courses of asphalte or other impervious material a foot above the outer ground and in 38 internal walls not less than six inches above the lowest floor, while the whole site of houses not built on sand, gravel, or virgin soil must be covered with six inches of concrete, and "no house may be erected on any site filled up with dust, slops, or any material impregnated or mixed with fœcal, animal or vegetable matter or refuse until such matter has been removed, and the holes filled up with dry rubbish, unless the excavation is used as a basement." The Artizans' Dwellings Amendment Act modifies the manner in which compensation is given for condemned property, and gives the Metropolitan Board of Works authority to put the Act in force, should the Local Authority neglect to do so. The Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Improvement Act also makes some alteration in estimating compensation, and allows the Board to modify a scheme so as to provide accommodation for workpeople at some place other than within the condemned area. The Sale of Food and Drugs' Act has also been amended, and articles may now be purchased solely for the purpose of submitting them to the Public Analyst for examination. By this Act it shall be no defence that the purchaser, having bought only for analysis was not prejudiced by the sale, and articles for analysis may be purchased in any street or open place of public resort. The amount of dilution to which spiritous liquors may be subjected is also specified: this is fixed at 35 degrees under proof for gin, and 25 under proof for brandy, whiskey, and rum; any spirit retailed below this standard will render the vendor liable to prosecution, unless due notice be given at the time of sale to the purchaser, and no displayed notice that the "Spirits sold at this establishment are diluted" will afford legal protection unless the same statement is repeated at the time of sale, and labelled on the bottle . or measure in which the article is sold. By The Poor Law Act of 1879, the Metropolitan Asylums Board is empowered to contract with anv Vestry for the reception and maintenance in hospital of any person suffering from infectious disease, and any person so received will be considered to be maintained in hospital by the Vestry, who will be able to recover the expense of such maintenance from the sick person, or his representatives, within six months after his discharge from hospital. Persons thus removed and treated in hospitals by the Vestry will, of course, not be liable to 39 lose their political rights, as is the case with persons removed by the guardians, and thus rendered de facto paupers. The power of recovering expenses given by this Act should, in my opinion, be very rarely put in force. It is done in other parishes, but I feel confident that such proceedings, unless managed with the utmost care and discretion, would cause greatly increased difficulties in our endeavours to persuade (for we can rarely compel) persons suffering from infectious disease to submit to removal from their homes. Such persons are, as a rule, removed to hospitals very much more for the sake of preventing the spread of disease than for their own good, and it is certainly perfectly fair and just to throw the expense of such isolation upon the rates. So far as this district is concerned no arrangements have been made by the Vestry with the Asylums' Board. Some correspondence has taken place on the subject, but everything seems to hinge upon the definition of the word pauper. Dr. Tripe's opinion, with which Mr. Sclater Booth concurs, is “That any person being sick with a dangerous infectious disorder, and not having a residence of his or her own, or the means of procuring one, and not having the means of providing proper medical attendance, necessaries, and nursing, is a pauper, and should be removed to an hospital belonging to the Metropolitan Asylums Board; that, on the contrary, a person having a house and the money necessary to provide medical attendance, medicines, food, and nursing is not a pauper; so that if it were necessary to isolate such a person he or she should, according to the Act, be removed by the Sanitary Authority." At present no difficulty has been experienced in Bethnal Green. Persons suffering from infectious diseases are promptly removed through the relieving officers, when willing to go to hospital. Sick persons who are in a position to pay, and are willing to do so, can be received at the London Fever Hospital and the London Small Pox Hospital (neither of which institutions is for the reception of paupers), and where the payment is, for a fever case, two guineas, and for a Small Pox case, four, irrespective of the duration of the time in hospital. By the 16th Section of the same Act the Asylums Board is empowered to provide ambulances for the conveyance of infected persons to hospital; as, however, almost every board of guardians possesses ambulances, I do not suppose it will be necessary for the Asylums Board to provide them as well. 40 The Factory Act.—A recent Gazette contains the following notification:— "That the 38th section of the Factory Act, setting forth that a child, young person, or woman should not be allowed to take a meal, or to remain during the times allowed for meals in the parts of the factories or workshops to which the section applies, shall be extended to every factory or workshop in which white lead is manufactured, except any room thereof used solely for meals, and every part of a factory or workshop in which part dry powder or dust is used in the processes of lithographic printing, playing-card making, fancy-box making, paper-staining, almanac-making, artificial flower making, paper colouring and enamelling, and colour-making." THE DISQUALIFICATION BY MEDICAL RELIEF BILL. As a person suffering from an infectious disease who is removed to one of the Asylums Board hospitals becomes legally a pauper, he is thereby liable to be disfranchised, and lose his political rights. In order to obviate this a Bill was passed by the House of Commons providing that such hospital treatment should be no disqualification. The Bill, though it passed through the lower House, was so altered by amendments that its promoters thought the wiser plan would be to drop it altogether, which was accordingly done. INFECTED BEDDING DESTROYED. As we have no disinfecting apparatus, we continue to destroy all soiled and infected bedding, unless of sufficient value to pay for its being disinfected by Messrs. Blythe, whose charge is 10s. 6d. for a bed, and 3s. 6d. for pillows and bolsters. We find it cheaper to replace flock beds (previously burning the old ones), but feathers we get purified. The following is a list of the bedding destroyed and replaced, and also of the feather beds purified, showing also the cost of the same:- BEDDING SUPPLIED DURING 1879. Quarter ending 24th March. Beds 14 £ s. d. Bolsters 14 Pillows 20 Palliasses 4 Feather Beds purified 2 Ditto Bolsters 1 Quantity of Flock supplied (42 lbs) 1 Total number of Articles 56 13 1 41 Quarter ending 24th June. Beds 11 9 Bolsters 10 Pillows 20 Palliasses 10 Feather Beds purified 1 Ditto Pillows 1 New Ticks supplied 1 Total number of Articles 52 11 8 3 Quarter ending 29th September. Beds 42 Bolsters 44 Pillows 68 Mattresses 2 Palliasses 20 Feather Beds purified 5 Ditto Bolsters 5 Ditto Pillows 7 New Ticks supplied 10 Quantity of Flock supplied 1 Total number of Articles 204 42 2 11 The following Report was presented to the Vestry on Dec. 1,1879:— BUTTER AND BUTTERINE. Vestry Hall, Church Row, December 1 st, 1879. "Gentlemen,—I have the honour to report that on the 30th of October last Inspector Lapworth, by direction of the Sanitary Committee, purchased samples of cheap butter from the shops of two tradesmen in this Parish. In both instances “butter" was asked for; in one case at 8d. and in the other at 11d. per pound. In neither case was any statement made by the salesman as to the description or Quarter ending 25th December. Beds 36 Bolsters 57 Pillows 85 Mattresses 1 Palliasses 31 Feather Beds purified 5 Ditto Bolsters 0 Ditto Pillows 3 New Ticks supplied 2 Quantity of Flock supplied (44 lbs.) 1 Total number of Articles 221 50 11 10 £117 4 0 42 quality of the article supplied, which was delivered over the counter in the usual manner. In each case the material presented the appearance and consistence of ordinary butter, and was fairly sweet and palatable. Each was divided into 3 portions according to Act of Parliament, and one portion of each sample was forwarded to Dr. Tidy for analysis. At the meeting of the Sanitary Committee following these proceedings one of the tradesmen from whose shop a sample had been purchased presented himself, and confessed that the article supplied to the Inspector was not butter, but was what is known as "butterine." He also brought with him two tablets which he said were displayed conspicuously in his shop, informing the public that "butterine" sold at his establishment was such as was received from the wholesale dealers, and that the quality could not be guaranteed. He also stated that he was, until recently, in the habit of stamping the paper in which the "butter" was wrapped with a notification to the same effect; this, however, had been neglected of late, but he voluntarily promised that, for the future, such labelling of the article sold should be invariably done. The second tradesman has, I believe, made no sign. Dr. Tidy's certificate, which I append, was received on the 24th of November, and was read at the meeting of the Sanitary Committee on the following Wednesday. In a private letter Dr. Tidy informs me that he had only examined one sample, that marked XX, and that he did not consider it necessary to examine the other. In Dr. Tidy's opinion, the sample submitted to him for analysis was composed entirely of fat other than butter, but that it was not injurious; and that the sale of the article, provided it be sold for what it is, is at the price a benefit, regarded physiologically, to the poor. Upon enquiry I find that there are several imitations of butter in the market, which are supplied by the wholesale dealers to tradesmen; they are known by the names of "Oleo-margarine," "Butterine," "Bosch," and "Hamboro' re-packs." They mostly consist of purified animal fats (beef suet, bone fat, tallow, horse fat, etc.), and are sometimes imported into England as Brittany or Normandy butter. The flavour of the true article is produced by working up the fat with butter-milk, and it is frequently somewhat difficult to distinguish the artificial from the true butter. Now, as Dr. Tidy says, if these articles are sold for what they really are, open imitations of and substitutes for the true article, purchasers being informed that they are not buying butter, but simply a cheap and wholesome substitute for it, no fraud or offence against the Act of Parliament is committed, and there can be no possible objection to the sale. The Sanitary Committee, taking into consideration the opinion of the analyst, the statements of the tradesman, and the price at which the article was sold, were of opinion that no intentional fraud had been committed, and decided not to prosecute. They considered that the case would be sufficiently met by a public statement of the facts without going to the length of legal proceedings, and accordingly desired me to present this report to the Vestry. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your most obedient Servant, GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D., Medical Officer of Health." 43 "THE SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACT, 1875." (38 and 39 Vic., rap. 63). Form of Certiticate. To the Vestry of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. I, the undersigned, Public Analyst for the Vestry of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, do hereby certify that I received on the 31 st day of October, 1879, from Inspector Lapworth, of Bethnal Green, a sample of Butter marked X X for analysis, which then weighed about 2 ounces, and have analysed the same, and declare the result of my analysis to be as follows:— Water 8.5 per cent. Salt 4.3 „ Insoluble fatty acids 92,10 „ I am of opinion that the said sample contained the per-centage of foreign ingredients as under : viz., entirely composed of fat other than butter. observations. The material is not injurious. I am compelled to certify it is not butter, but I am of opinion that the sale of this article, provided it be sold for what it is, is at the price a benefit, regarded physiologically, to the poor. As witness my hand, this 24th day of November, 1879. MEYMOTT TIDY, M.B., Professor of Chemistry at the London Hospital, &c. 3. Mandeville place, W. MORTUARY. The old building in Church Row continued to be used during the year, and provided temporary accommodation for 32 bodies. An account of the New Mortuary in the Churchyard will be found at the end of this report. CESSPOOLS AND DRAINS. Some children were playing in Hollybush gardens, when the earth gave way, and they fell into an old cesspool; the covering of this, being merely boards, had decayed, and allowed them to fall through. Fortunately, the children, though very much terrified, were not injured. By my direction, the brickwork was removed, and the cesspool filled up. There are other cesspools in these Gardens, but as the houses are not within the statutory distance from the sewer in the Bethnal Green road, we cannot compel the owners to drain into it. In March, a report was presented to the Vestry advising that the roadway should be properly paved and drained. It is intended, shortly, to lay a nineinch glazed pipe drain from the end of the Gardens to the sewer; the 44 owners of the house property will then be required to remove all cesspools, &c., and to carry their drains into this. Cesspools were discovered under the closets of ten houses (3 to 21) in Old Bethnal Green road: these were removed—properly filled in —and the closets connected with the drain. The drainage of the houses, 1 to 15, Camden street, was found to be in a very defective condition, and the whole of the houses were re-drained. An old brick drain, from 47 to 67, Pollard row, in a very defective condition, was removed and replaced with glazed pipes. In March a communication was received from a medical man in the neighbourhood, drawing our attention to numerous cases of fever at Bayst terrace, Russia lane. Some time before this a fever case had been reported at one of the houses which I visited, and to a superficial inspection no sanitary defect was discovered beyond some imperfect traps, which were remedied by the landlord. This time, however, I had the drains thoroughly opened up, and found from Nos. 1 to 14 cesspools and drains constructed of wood and brick, with sewage matter percolating into the houses. By my order, the whole of these were removed and replaced with proper glazed pipes, and no further case of fever has been reported. I regret to say, however, that one of the cases referred to terminated fatally. At the houses, 10 to 21, Paradise row, old brick drains leaking into the basements were discovered and remedied. In Carlton-place, Cudworth street, and Barnsley street, a block of about sixty houses were found having a decayed 18-inch brick drain in a dilapidated condition—there were rat burrows in every direction running under the houses by which this tubular cesspool was ventilated into the living rooms of the inhabitants. Notice was served upon the trustees of this estate to demolish the old drains and relay with pipes; the work has been since carried out in a satisfactory manner. A block of houses in Cheshire street was found to be very badly drained, the pipes imperfectly jointed, and for a great portion with the fall the wrong way. In this case the owner was called upon to relay the pipes at a proper level and with a sufficient fall, which was accordingly done. 45 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Whenever possible, we refrain from taking cases to Worship street. Our powers of persuasion are, however, at times not sufficient, and have to be supplemented by the order of the Magistrate. In Hamilton road a number of houses were found to have their closets situated in the basements in such a position as to render it impossible to ventilate them, except into the living rooms of the house itself. Our endeavours to get them removed being unsuccessful, the owner was summoned to Worship street, where the magistrate made an order for the closets to be demolished. This order was eventually complied with, and the closets were erected in the yards. In one of the houses in the same road a number of dogs were found in an upper room in a most disgusting condition. Legal proceedings had to be taken before the owner would remove them and cleanse the premises. A sausage manufacturer, in Pott street, was found to have a W.C. in his chopping-house ; as this communicated with and ventilated right into the factory, and was moreover without any door, the owner may have been said, without exaggeration, to have carried on his business in a W.C. By the magistrate's order the closet was shut off by a brick partition from the chopping-house, and a separate entrance constructed. *H * TIN BURNING. In consequence of a communication received from the Medical Officer to the Local Government Board, all the places in the parish where tin burning was carried on were inspected. The quantity now burned is very much less than in past years; and upon enquiry of the inhabitants in the neighbourhood, it was found that the nuisance was materially abated. DILAPIDATED AND DANGEROUS STRUCTURES. Attention having been drawn to the condition of a block of houses at the corner of Sclater Street and Brick Lane, they were carefully inspected, and found to be in a most insanitary condition. As the actual structure of the buildings was so much decayed as to render them dangerous, the attention of the District Surveyor was called to their condition. They were condemned and ordered to be at once pulled down, and new buildings are now in course of erection on the site. 46 THE WASTE GROUND IN SOMERFORD STREET. The Sanitary Committee has in past years frequently had under consideration the condition of this piece of land, which was frequently occupied by Gipsy encampments. Fortunately, the London School Board has taken over the property, and has also demolished a number of dilapidated and unhealthy houses in the rear, and the ground upon which they stood is now covered with a magnificent block of school buildings. SANITARY WORK. Table VI. in the Appendix gives a summary of the work your inspectors have accomplished. I have much pleasure in recording my satisfaction with the manner in which this has been done. On November 12th, I reported to the Sanitary Committee that Inspector Lapworth had passed an examination by the Council of the Sanitary Institute of Great Britain, and had received a certificate of competence to discharge the duties of a sanitary inspector. He is, I believe, the first metropolitan inspector who has received such certificate. In conclusion, I beg to tender my grateful thanks to you for the confidence you have reposed in me, and especially to the gentlemen of the Sanitary Committee for the valuable support and assistance given me in carrying out the duties of my office. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, GEORGE PADDOCK BATE. To the Vestry of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green. 47 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE I. Shewing the Population, Inhabited Houses, Births, Deaths, and Marriages, for the Year 1879, and 10 years preceding. GROSS NUMBERS. YEAR. Population estimated at the middle of the Year.* Mo. of Inhabited Houses in Parish or District. Births. Deaths.** Marriages 1879 133,300 17,475 5246 3069 1878 132,000 17,311 5195 2951 2438 1877 129,600 17,325 5169 2989 2438 †1876-7 129,300 17,605 5299 2923 2443 †1875-6 128,000 17,945 5255 3020 .. †1874-5 127,000 †† 5152 3142 .. †1873-4 125,000 16,000 5050 3129 .. †1872-3 124,000 †† 5187 2588 .. †1871-2 122,117 †† 4875 2958 .. †1870-1 120,200 15.981 5196 2984 .. †1869-70 124,000 †† 5018 33/8 .. Average of 10 years, 1869, to 1878 126,101 17,041 5139 3006 2439 NOTES. 1. Population at census, 1871—120,200. 2. Area in Acres, 755. 3. Average number of persons in each house at census, 1871—7.5. * For statistical purposes the Registrar-General estimates the population to the middle of the year on the basis of the rate of increase ruling between the two preceding census periods. The estimate of population may be checked by the known number of inhabited houses, and by the average number of inmates per house, as ascertained at the preceding census. **The deaths of non-parishioners in public institutions within the parish are deducted, and a proportion of the deaths occurring in General Hospitals relative to the population of the parish or district is added to the total number of deaths in this column. †The figures for these years are extracted from the reports of the late Dr. Sarvis, by whom no correction for Hospital deaths was made. ‡No returns from local registrars were supplied to the Sanitary Department during these years. ††No information. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE II. Shewing the Annual Birth Rate, Rate of Mortality, Death Rate among Children, and Deaths in Public Institutions for the year 1879 and 10 years preceding. YEAR. Birth Rate per 1000 of the Population. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living. Deaths of Children under 1 year: per centage of Total Deaths. Per centage of Deaths of Children under 1 year to Registered Births. Deaths of Children under 5 years: per centage of Total Deaths. Total Number of Deaths in Public Institutions. 1879 39.3 23.0 25.5 14.9 46.8 526 1878 39.3 23.0 26.6 15.3 48.8 465 I877 39.8 23.0 26.7 15.4 47.6 440 †1876-7 40.7 20.9 27.8 15.3 † 430 †1875-6 41.0 23.4 29.0 16.8 † 410 *1874-5 40.6 27.7 27.0 16.5 † 432 *1873-4 40.0 25.0 26.7 16.6 50.0 424 *1872-3 41.6 20.8 ‡ ‡ 50.7 357 *1871-2 40.0 25.0 ‡ ‡ 53.5 392 *1870-1 42.5 24.0 ‡ ‡ 50.4 363 *1869-70 40.4 27.0 ‡ ‡ 56.2 360 Average of 10 Years, 1869 to 1878 40.5 23.9 27.3 15.9 51.0 407 NOTES. *The figures upon which the calculations for these years are based are extracted from the annual reports of the late Dr. Sarvis, and are not corrected for Hospital or extra parochial deaths. † No returns were supplied to the Sanitary Department by the Local Registrars during these years. 4 ‡ No information. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE III. DEATHS REGISTERED AT SEVERAL GROUPS OF AGES FROM DIFFERENT CAUSES DURING THE YEAR 1879. CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards. Total under 5 years. CLASSES. I. Zymotic Diseases 31 117 124 156 51 15 11 7 7 6 5 3 •• •• 428 533 II. Constitutional Diseases 23 83 65 37 20 67 87 90 59 42 13 8 2 •• 208 596 III. Local Diseases 106 197 133 102 50 32 52 99 137 211 187 74 5 1 538 1386 IV. Developmental Diseases 132 54 24 9 2 8 10 5 •• 18 66 72 29 1 219 430 V. Violent Deaths 24 15 2 2 2 1 3 2 5 4 4 3 •• •• 43 67 Not specified or ill defined 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• 2 1 •• 3 2 •• •• 2 10 Totals 317 467 348 306 125 123 163 205 209 281 278 162 36 2 1438 3022 CLASS I.—Zymotic Diseases. Order 1.—Miasmatic [496] 31 117 124 156 51 15 11 7 7 6 5 3 •• •• 428 533 1 Small Pox •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 2 Measles I 19 40 36 10 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 96 106 3 Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) 1 6 9 40 17 2 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 56 76 4 Diphtheria 1 •• 2 6 3 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 9 12 5 Quinsy •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 1 6 Croup •• 2 6 18 5 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 26 31 7 Wooping Cough 7 44 47 45 4 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 143 147 8 Typhus Fever •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 Enteric or Typhoid F. •• I 3 2 9 9 6 1 1 1 •• •• •• •• 6 33 Simple continued F. 1 3 1 3 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 8 9 9 Erysipelas •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• 1 2 10 Puerperal Fever (see Childbirth) •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• TABLE III. (continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards. Total under 5years. Total. CLASS I. (continued). 11 Carbuncle •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 12 Influenza •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 13 Dysentery • • 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 1 14 Diarrhœa 7 35 14 4 1 •• •• 1 1 2 2 1 •• •• 60 68 15 Cholera •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• 1 2 16 Ague •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 17 Remittent Fever •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 18 Rheumatism Chronic •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 Acute •• •• •• •• •• 2 1 2 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 5 19 Other Zymotic Diseases •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• Order 2. —Enthetic[16] • • • • 1 Syphilis 8 4 1 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 14 15 2 Stricture of Urethra •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 3 Hydrophobia •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 4 Glanders •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• Order 3.—Dietic [19] 1 Privation •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 1 2 2 •• •• •• 6 2 Want of Breast Milk 3 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 4 4 4 Alcoholism 3.Purpura and Scurvy •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• a. Delirium Tremens •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• 2 b. Intemperance •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 2 4 •• •• •• •• •• 7 Order 4. Prasitic[2] 1 Thrush 2 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 2 2 Worms, &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• & CLASS II.—Constitutional Diseases. • • • • Order 1.—Diathetic [731] 23 83 65 37 20 67 87 90 59 42 13 8 2 •• 208 596 1 Gout •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 3 1 •• •• •• •• 4 2 Dropsy •• •• 1 1 •• 1 •• 2 •• 1 1 •• •• •• 2 7 3 Cancer •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 11 9 17 8 5 2 •• •• 53 4 Cancrum Oris (Noma) •• •• •• • t •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• 2 5 Mortification 2 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 1 2 •• •• 2 6 6 Pyæmia CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to I yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 andupwards. Total under 5 years. CLASS II. (continued). Order 2.- Tubercutar[523] 1 Scrofula 2 4 3 4 •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 13 14 2 Tabes Mesenterica 13 40 24 8 3 • • • • •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 85 88 3 Phthisis 1 5 7 2 10 65 85 77 50 20 2 •• •• •• 15 324 4 Hydrocephalus Chronic 2 8 6 2 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 18 19 Acute 2 26 24 20 6 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 72 78 CLASS III. Local Diseases. Order i.—Nervous Systein[391] 106 197 133 102 50 32 52 99 137 211 187 74 5 1 538 1386 1 Cephalitis •• 1 •• •• 2 3 2 2 •• 1 •• •• •• •• 1 11 2 Apoplexy •• •• •• 1 1 1 •• 5 13 11 15 3 •• •• 1 50 3 Paralysis • • •• •• •• •• •• • • 2 4 12 12 11 •• • • •• 41 4 Insanity •• 1 •• •• 1 6 12 7 14 6 •• •• •• 1 48 5 Chorea • • •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• *•• •• • • •• • • 1 48 6 Epilepsy •• •• 1 1 1 1 3 1 4 4 •• •• •• • • 2 16 7 Convulsions 49 52 17 9 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 127 128 8 Brain Disease, &c • • 4 2 4 3 4 4 6 4 6 5 2 1 •• 10 45 Order 2.—Organs of Circulation [169] i Pericarditis •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 2 Aneurism •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 1 1 •• 1 •• •• • • « • 4 3 Heart Disease, &c •• •• •• 1 5 9 15 21 32 40 31 8 1 • • 1 168 Order 3.—Respiratory Organs [7561] 1 Laryngitis •• 1 1 •• 2 •• •• 3 •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 7 2 Bronchitis 37 78 54 32 11 3 7 22 40 83 89 39 2 • • 201 497 3 Pleurisy •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• 1 4 Pneumonia 17 52 50 44 l6 2 6 8 9 13 11 4 • • 1 163 233 5 Asthma •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 2 •• 1 •• •• 4 6 Lung Disease, &c. 1 2 1 •• •• 1 3 2 1 3 •• • • •• • • 4 14 Orders,.—Digestive Organs [71] 1 Gastritis •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 •• 2 •• •• 1 5 2 Enteritis 2 3 3 • • • • 2 • • • • .. .. 2 • • • • .. 8 12 TABLE III. (continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards. Total under 5years. CLASS III., Order 4 (continued). 3 Peritonitis •• • • .. 1 1 2 1 •• 3 1 1 • • • • • • 1 10 4 Ascites • • • • • • 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 1 1 5 Ulceration of Intestines •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 • • 1 •• •• •• •• • • 2 6 Hernia •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 • • • • • • • • 1 7 Ileus •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • •• 8 Intussusception •• 1 •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 1 2 9 Obstruction of Intestines •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 • • • • •• 2 10 Fistula •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 • • •• • • •• 1 11 Stomach Disease, &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• • • • • 1 12 Pancreas Disease, &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 13 Hepatitis •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 • • • • 1 • • •• •• 2 14 Jaundice •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 1 1 •• •• •• •• 3 15 Liver Disease, &c. •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• 6 8 10 4 • • •• •• 1 29 16 Spleen Disease, &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • • • • • Order 5.—Urinary Organs [23] 1 Nephritis • • 1 1 3 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 5 6 2 Ischuria •• • • •• 1 •• • • •• •• •• 1 •• 1 •• •• 1 3 3 Bright's Disease (Nephria) •• • • 1 •• 1 1 • • 1 3 1 •• •• •• •• 1 8 4 Diabetes •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 • • • • • • • • 2 5 Calculus (Stone) •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 6 Cystitis •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 2 •• •• •• 3 7 Kidney Disease, &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 Order 6.—Organs of Generation [10] 1 Ovarian Dropsy •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 • • 1 • • • • • • • • 3 2 Uterus Disease, &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 1 4 •• •• •• •• •• 7 Order 7.—Organs of Locomotion [12] 7 1 Synovitis (Arthritis) •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 Joint Disease, &c. •• •• 1 2 4 1 2 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• 3 12 Order 8.—Integumentary System [6] t • • J 1 Phlegmon •• •• 1 1 •• •• •• 1 1 1 •• •• •• •• 2 5 2 Ulcer • • t • •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • •• •• 3 Skin Disease &c. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• • • • • 1 CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards. Total under 5years. CLASS IV.—Developmental Diseases. Order i.—Diseases of Children [79] 132 54 24 9 2 8 10 5 18 66 72 29 1 219 430 1 Premature Birth 45 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 46 46 2 Cyanosis 4 •• 1 •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 5 6 3 Spina Bifida •• 1 •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 1 2 4 Other Malformations 6 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• • • 6 6 5 Teething •• 8 9 2 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 19 19 Order 2.—Adults [20] 7 1 Paramenia •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 Childbirth •• •• •• •• •• 1 9 5 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 20 Order 3.—Old 'People [176] 1 Old Age •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 15 62 70 28 1 •• 176 Order 4.—Nutrition [155] 1 Atrophy and Debility 77 44 14 7 2 •• I •• •• 3 4 2 1 •• 142 155 CLASS V.—Violent Deaths. Order 1.—Accident or Negligence [54] 24 15 2 2 2 1 3 2 5 4 4 3 •• •• 43 67 1 Fractures and Contusions •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 •• 2 •• 2 1 •• •• •• 7 2 Wounds Gunshot Cut, Stab •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 3 Burns and Scalds •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• 1 2 4 Poison •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 5 Drowning •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• 3 6 Suffocation 23 13 2 2 •• •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 40 42 7 Otherwise •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• Order 3.—Homicide [2] 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• 2 2 Order 4.—Suicide [11] •• •• •• •• •• 1 •• 1 3 4 2 •• •• •• •• 11 CLASS VI. Causes not specified or ill-defined [10] 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• 2 1 •• 3 2 •• •• 2 10 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV. Shewing the Mortality from certain classes of Diseases, and proportion to Population, and to 1000 Deaths, 1879. DIVISION I. (Adults). Total Deaths. Deaths per 1000 of Population (all ages). Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths (all ages). 1. Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases 474 3.5 1544 2. Pulmonary Diseases (other than Phthisis) 756 5.6 246.3 3. Tubercular Diseases 426 3.1 138.8 DIVISION II. (Young Children). Total Deaths. Deaths per 1000 of Population (under 5 years). Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths (under 5 years). 4. Wasting Diseases 192 9.5 133 5. Convulsive Diseases 244 12.1 169 NOTES. 1. 474—includes Small Pox, Measles, Scarlet Fever, Diphtheria, Whooping Cough, Fever, and Diarrhœa. 2. 756—includes Pleurisy, 1; Bronchitis, 497 ; Pneumonia, 233; Asthma, 4 ; Lung Disease, 14; and Laryngitis, 7. 3. 426—includes Phthisis, 324; Scrofula, 14 ; Rickets, 0; and Tabes, 88. 4. 192—includes Marasmus, Atrophy, and Debility, 142; Want of Breast Milk, 4; and Premature Birth, 46. 5. 244—includes Hydrocephalus, 19; Infantile Meningitis, 79; Convulsions, 127; and Teething, 19. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV. (A). Total Births and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other Causes. Fever, Diptheria, Whooping Cough, Diarrhoea, Violence, &c., registered in the Four Sub-Districts of Bethnal Green. Quarter ending. Area in Statute Acres. Enumerated Population of 1871. Total Births during each Quarter. Total Deaths during each Quarter. THE DEATHS REGISTERED IN EACH QUARTER INCLUDE : deaths of deaths from Inquest Cases. Deaths in Public Institutions. Infants under 1 yr. of age. Persons aged 60 yrs. and upwards. Small Pox. Measles. Scarlet Fever. Diphtheria. Whooping Cough. Fever. Diarrhoea. Cholera. Violence. Hackney Road. March, 1879 141 29832 329 174 44 33 .. 3 4 2 8 3 3 .. 1 12 6 June „ .. .. 282 129 37 13 .. 8 2 .. 12 .. 1 .. 6 9 6 Sept. „ .. .. 319 146 48 17 .. 12 9 1 11 3 11 2 6 11 1 Dec. „ .. .. 360 176 48 34 .. 3 3 4 7 1 2 .. 2 9 7 Total 1290 625 177 97 .. 26 18 7 38 7 17 2 15 41 20 Green ,* March, 1879 390 42433 496 407 76 142 1 4 7 1 12 4 1 .. 7 28 146 June „ .. .. 465 349 59 93 .. 22 2 2 10 5 3 .. 5 17 132 Sept. „ .. .. 495 298 79 64 .. 14 6 1 9 3 16 .. 12 18 100 Dec. „ .. .. 530 389 78 110 .. 3 13 1 16 6 2 .. 5 20 128 Total 1986 1443 292 408 1 43 28 5 47 18 22 .. 29 83 506 * The Workhouse, Hospital for Diseases of the Chest, and Bethnall House Asylum are in this District. TABLE IV. (a) continued. Church. March, 1879 131 26577 359 170 53 34 • • 3 4 • • 12 6 1 • • 3 13 .. June • • • • 232 135 45 24 • • 6 • • • • 12 3 2 .. 4 14 .. Sept. .. • • 270 95 33 11 • • 4 6 1 5 3 8 .. 4 8 .. Dec • • .. 318 141 52 20 • • 5 4 • • 10 .. 1 • • 6 14 • • Total 1179 541 183 89 • • 18 14 1 39 12 12 • • 17 49 • • Town. March, 1879 93 21272 211 125 37 26 • • 3 1 • • 6 2 1 • • 6 11 • • June .. .. 182 80 29 10 .. 4 1 •• 6 2 1 .. 1 6 • • Sept. .. • • 192 105 38 17 • • 7 7 • • 7 3 16 1 1 3 • • Dec. • • • • 206 103 28 14 • • 5 2 1 9 2 3 • • 3 8 • • Total 791 413 132 67 • • 19 11 1 28 9 21 1 11 28 • • Grand Total . 755 120124 5246 3022 784 661 1 106 71 14 152 46 72 3 72 201 526 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV. (B). TOTAL MARRIAGES, BIRTHS, AND DEATHS, AND DEATHS FROM SOME ZYMOTIC AND OTHER CAUSES, BY QUARTERS. QUARTER ENDING. Marriages. Total Births during each Quarter. Total Deaths during each Quarter. THE DEATHS REGISTERED IN EACH QUARTER INCLUDE : deaths of deaths from Inquest Cases. Deaths in Public Institutions. Infants under 1 year of age. Persons aged 60 years and upwards. Small Pox. Measles. Scarlet Fever. Diphtheria. Whooping Cough. Fever. 1 Diarrhoea. Cholera. Violence. March 1879 454 1395 876 210 235 1 13 16 3 38 15 6 • • 17 64 152 June, 618 1161 693 170 139 .. 40 5 2 40 10 7 • • 16 46 138 Sept. 626 1276 644 198 109 • • 37 28 3 32 12 51 3 23 40 101 Dec. 745 1414 809 206 178 • • 16 22 6 42 9 8 • • 16 51 135 Total 2443 5246 3022 784 661 1 106 71 14 152 46 72 3 72 201 526 TABLE IV. (c). TOTAL BIRTHS AND DEATHS, AND DEATHS FROM SOME ZYMOTIC AND OTHER CAUSES, IN LONDON, DURING THE YEAR 1879. Estimated Population in the middle of the Year 1879—3,620,868. QUARTER ENDING. Total Births during the Quarter. Total Deaths during the Quarter. THE DEATHS REGISTERED IN EACH QUARTER INCLUDE : deaths of deaths from Inquest Cases. Deaths in Public Institutions. Infants under 1 year of age. Persons aged 60 years and upwards. Small Pox. Measles. Scarlet Fever. Diphtheria. Whooping Cough. Fever. Diarrhoea. Violence. March, 1879 34262 24429 5084 6706 221 289 454 119 883 276 176 755 1570 4625 June 31900 20248 4404 4469 140 849 373 161 775 205 192 690 1268 3879 Sept 32276 16633 4500 2981 63 666 645 127 479 226 1184 688 123 3067 Dec 35678 24230 5822 5127 34 684 1234 185 863 392 361 800 1539 4283 Total 134116 85540 19810 19283 458 2488 2706 592 3000 1099 1913 2933 5500 15854 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE V. •* v J* - Shewing the number of Deaths from the seven principal Zymotic Diseases, inclusive of Hospital Deaths, in the 10 years, 1869 to 1878, and in the year 1879. DISEASE. 1869 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 Annual Average of 10 years, 1869—1878. Proportion of Deaths to iooo Deaths in ro yrs., 1869—1878. 1879 Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths in 1879. Small Pox 24 2 252 269 41 7 1 31 88 55 77.0 25.6 7 2.2 Measles 120 76 38 82 43 192 25 56 142 59 83.3 27.7 106 34.5 Scarlet Fever 97 452 107 41 17 103 193 80 93 68 125.1 41.6 76 24.7 Diphtheria 11 16 2 2 6 5 5 3 8 14 7.2 2.3 12 3.9 Whooping Cough . 102 172 66 118 147 101 I51 61 89 192 119.9 39.8 147 47.8 Fever 96 93 77 63 44 58 68 42 48 51 64.0 21.2 56 18.2 Diarrhœa 158 148 164 159 143 159 124 112 104 86 135.7 45.1 70 22.8 Total in Bethnal Green 608 959 706 734 441 625 567 385 572 525 612.2 203.3 474 154.4 Total in London 17431 16476 19455 12669 11385 11230 13411 12565 12292 14734 14175 181 12256 143 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE VI. INSPECTORS' REPORT OF THE SANITARY WORK, &c. Completed in the year ending December, 31st, 1879. districts. Total. I 2 3 No. of Houses, Premises, &c., inspected. 1962 2336 1044 5342 Results of Inspection- Orders issued for Sanitary Amendments of Houses and Premises 1125 1610 875 3610 Houses and Premises, &c., Cleansed, Repaired, and Whitewashed 654 825 472 1951 Houses Disinfected after Infectious Diseases 96 85 89 270 House Drains- Repaired,Cleansed, &c. 821 720 327 1868 Trapped or Ventilated 593 365 217 1175 Privies and Water Closets- Repaired, Cleansed, & c. 679 553 356 1588 Dust Bins- Repaired, Covered, &c. 387 433 197 1007 Water Supply- Cisterns Cleansed, Repaired, and Covered.. 21 36 39 96 Miscellaneous— No. of Lodging Houses registered under 35th Clause of Sanitary Act, 1866 10 9 1 20 No. of Dust Complaints received and attended to 8959 5711 2054 16724 Removal of accumulation of Dung, Stagnant Water, Animal, and other Refuse 211 115 179 505 Removal of Animals improperly kept 18 10 49 77 Licensed Cowhouses Regularly 17 13 9 39 Licensed Slaughterhouses . Inspected 7 15 4 26 Fish-curing Premises 15 24 10 49 Other Proceedings, e.g. Legal Proceedings 41 31 16 88 Fever 114 93 95 302 Small Pox 25 4 16 45 Diphtheria 5 2 4 11 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE VII. VACCINATION. Supplemental Return of Births for the Year, due to the Local Government Board, 7th August, 1879. REGISTRATION SUB-DISTRICTS COMPRISED IN THE VACCINATION OFFICER'S DISTRICT. Births. Successfully Vaccinated. Insusceptible of Vaccination. Had Small Pox. Dead, Unvaccinated. Postponed by Medical Certificate. 1 Removed to Districts, the Vaccination Officer of which has been duly apprized. Removal to places unknown, or which cannot be reached; and cases not having been found. 1 Default. GREEN DISTRICT 989 808 1 .. 87 24 11 58 • • HACKNEY ROAD DISTRICT 666 541 .. .. 59 12 10 44 • • CHURCH DISTRICT 571 483 • • • * 51 9 6 22 .. TOWN DISTRICT 386 319 • • • • 31 5 6 24 1 Total 2612 2151 1 • • 228 50 33 148 1 Signed, C. Winter. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE VIII. ANALYSIS OF THE MORTALITY IN LONDON DURING THE YEAR 1879. QUARTER ENDING. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living, at all ages. Deaths under 1 year to 1000 Births Registered. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living. Per-centage to Total Deaths of Deaths registered. All Causes. Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases. Violence. Aged 1 to 60 years. Aged 60 years and upwards. Upon Certificate of the Coroner (Inquests). In large Public Institutions. March, 1879 27.1 2.7 0.84 148 15.4 120.6 6.4 18.9 June 22.4 3.o 0.76 138 13.9 79.7 6.3 19.2 Sept. 18.4 3.8 0.76 139 11.2 53.1 6.8 18.4 Dec. 24.9 3.9 0.82 163 15.1 84.9 6.4 17.7 TABLE IX. AREA, POPULATION, DENSITY, AND MORTALITY IN ENGLAND AND LONDON. DIVISIONS. Area in Acres. Area in Square Miles. Persons to a Square Mile, 1879. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 Persons living. Ten Years. Year. 1878. 1878.—Quarters ending. 1879.—Quarters ending. 1851-60 1861-70 Mar. June. Sept. Dec. Mar. June. Sept. Dec. ENGLAND 37,319,221 58,311 390 22.2 22.4 21.7 22.8 20.8 20.6 22.6 25.2 21.1 16.4 21.4 LONDON 75,362 118 27,578 23.6 24.3 23.4 25.6 22.5 22.1 23.7 27.1 22.4 18.4 24.9 Addendum. MORTUARY CHAPEL. The conscnt of the Chancellor of the Consistory Court having been obtained for the erection of a Mortuary in St. Matthew's Churchyard, Plans and Specifications were prepared by Mr. W. H. Gathercole, the Surveyor, under whose superintendence the whole of the works have been carried out. £363 12s. 5d. was paid for excavating the site, removing and re-interring the bodies, &c., while the total cost of the building was £ 1522. The Mortuary is now completed ; and, as regards design, workmanship, ventilation, convenience, and thorough attention to sanitary requirements, compares favourably with any other in the metropolis. It must be extremely satisfactory to your Vestry to bear in mind that the building has been erected and fitted without calling in the aid of any other architect than your own Surveyor, Mr. W. H. Gathercole. As will be seen from the Plan, the building contains two Mortuary chambers; one for ordinary uses, and the other for the reception of bodies of persons who have died from infectious disease. Each chamber is sixteen feet square, and the height from the floor to the apex of roof is 23 feet 6 inches. The two chambers provide accommodation for forty bodies. The building is of brick, with dressings of Portland stone; the floors are finished with patent Victoria stone. The whole of the exposed woodwork in the interior of the building is of pitch pine stained and varnished; the interior walls are finished with Keene's cement and painted; the shelves in the Mortuary chambers are of thick slate slabs carried on iron cantilevers, and great care has been taken throughout to keep everything as flat as possible, and to avoid ledges and projecting mouldings, so as to prevent lodgment for dust and dirt, and so that the whole of the interior can be thoroughly cleansed without difficulty. Mortuary Chapel CHURCH ROW, E. 66 The lavatory, urinals, and W.C. apparatus were supplied by Mr. Jennings. The post-mortem table is constructed of wood, with a leaden top, so arranged as to drain towards the centre; slate would have, perhaps, been preferable, but I understand there is some difficulty in satisfactorily working that material to a concave surface. In one corner of the post-mortem room is a large sink with water supply, and a hose pipe is provided, so that everything can be washed down without delay or inconvenience; the room also contains a large gas-heated boiler, so arranged that hot water can be obtained in a few minutes; and gas is laid on throughout the whole building. By direction of the Sanitary Committee, the following bye-laws have been prepared and printed : — REGULATIONS Under which Dead Bodies are allowed to be placed in the Mortuary Chapel in St. Matthew's Churchyard, (SANITARY ACT, 1866. Sec. 28). 1.—Application for permission to place a dead body in the Mortuary must be made to one of the Sanitary Inspectors at the Vestry Hall, Church Row. 2.—The body shall be enclosed in a shell or coffin, except in cases where such a course would be impossible, as of persons found dead, and shall be brought to and removed from the Mortuary in a proper and decent manner. 3.—Should the death have been caused by any contagious or infectious disease, the coffin shall be filled in with Sanitas powder or carbolic powder, and properly screwed down before admission; the coffin shall not be re-opened without either the order of the Coroner, or the consent, in writing, of the Medical Officer of Health, and under no circumstances whatever shall the body, having been once placed in the Mortuary, be removed therefrom, excepting for the purpose of burial, unless it shall have been first enclosed in a hermetically sealed metallic coffin. 4.—No body shall be allowed to remain in the Mortuary for a longer period than determined by the Sanitary authority; and should the friends or undertaker fail to remove the body within the specified time, notice shall be given to the Relieving Officer of the Parish to remove and bury such body at the expense of the Parish, such expense being subsequently recoverable from the representatives of the deceased person. POST-MORTEM ROOM. 1.—The use of the post-mortem room shall be permitted to all legally qualified medical men in the Parish upon their undertaking to leave the place and utensils clean and in good order. 2.—In no case shall a post-mortem examination be allowed without either the order of the Coroner, or the consent, in writing, of the friends of the deceased person. 3.—Unless under exceptional circumstances, post-mortem examinations shall not be made upon Sundays. 67 DUTIES OF THE MORTUARY KEEPER. 1.—The Mortuary Keeper shall be under the direction of the Sanitary Committee. 2.—He shall take charge of and be responsible for the safe and decent custody of all dead bodies during the time they remain in the Mortuary. 3.—He shall enter in a book provided for that purpose such particulars as to the reception and removal of all dead bodies as shall be determined by the Sanitary Committee. 4.—He shall keep the two Mortuary chambers, the post-mortem room, Lavatories, and Passages clean and in good order, and shall twice in each week wash them down thoroughly. 5.—The post-mortem room, tables, and utensils shall be cleansed immediately upon the completion of each examination, and it shall be the duty of the Keeper to see that the body is afterwards either placed in one of the shells provided, or replaced in the coffin in which it was brought. 6.—It shall be his duty to see that the regulations under which bodies are allowed to be placed in the Mortuary are properly complied with. COMPULSORY REMOVAL OF DEAD BODIES TO MORTUARY. By the 27th Section of the Sanitary Act, 1866, it is enacted—"That when any dead body of one who has died of any infectious disease is retained in a room in which persons live or sleep, or any dead body which is in such a state as to endanger the health of the inmates of the same house or room, is retained in such house or room, any Justice may, on a certificate signed by a legally qualified medical practitioner, order the body to be removed to such proper place of reception at the cost of the nuisance authority, and direct the same to be buried within a time to be limited in such order." By the 28th Section of the same Act, the Coroner has the power to order the removal of the body of any deceased person upon whom he intends to hold an inquest to the Mortuary for the performance of a post-mortem examination. Signed, by order of the Sanitary Committee, GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D., Medical Officer of Health.