Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX 4970 Encli ACCOUNT IN ABSTRACT OF RECEIPT AND EXPENDITURE For the Year ending 25th March, 1884, TOGETHER WITH A Summary Statement of all Contracts entered into, AND OF Moneys due to and Debts owing by the Vestry to that day; ALSO THE TWENTY-EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT OF THE VESTRY, WITH A LIST OF ITS SEVERAL MEMBERS AND OFFICERS. LONDON: FORSAITH BROTHERS, PRINTERS, 329, BETHNAL GREEN ROAD 1884. THE VESTRY OF THE PARISH OF ST. MATTHEW, BETHNAL GREEN, IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX, Under the Metropolis Local Management Act. REV. SEPTIMUS C. H. HANSARD, M.A., RECTOR. Years to serve EAST WARD. from May, 1884. 2 Baugh, Mr. George 146, Green street. 3 Eatwell, Mr. Charles 121, Old Ford road. 2 Edroff, Mr. William 26, Old Ford road. 1 Etridge, Mr. Joseph 492, Bethnal Green road. 1 Hilditch, Mr. James George 208. Grove road. 3 Hooper, Mr. William 107, Old Ford road. 3 Hughes, Mr. James 37, Chisenhale road. 3 Loveday, Mr. George 210, Cambridge road. 2 Pitt,, Mr. James 170, Grove road. 3 Rippin, Mr. Thomas Henry 203, Grove road. 2 Staines, Mr. Henry 200, Cambridge road. 1 Ward, Mr. Edwin 13, Victoria Park square. 1 Wilson, Mr. William Bowdler 62, Gore road. 1 Wright, Mr. Thomas Bridge Wharf, Old Ford road. 2 Yetton, Mr. William 248, Globe road. Kemp, Mr. Cornelius, 85, Green street.—Auditor. WEST WARD. 3 Dixon, Mr. Thomas 142 144, & 146, Bethnal Green road. 2 Dyer, Mr. William 184, Bethnal Green road. 2 Ewin, Mr. Alfred 25, Columbia road. 1 Ewin, Mr. Alfred, Jun. 25, Columbia road. 1 Francis, Mr. Thomas Watson 2, Hackney road. 3 Gould, Mr. Henry Collins 7A, Gibraltar walk. 1 Harrison, Mr. Lewis A Columbia Market. 2 Jacobs, Mr. Joseph 27, Fournier street. 3 Key, Mr. Thomas 165, Bethnal Green road. 1 Nicholson, Mr. George Henry 106, Bethnal Green road. 3 Payne, Mr. George Frederick 180, Bethnal Green road. 3 Perrin, Mr. William 102, Hackney road. 2 Richardson, Mr. John Charles Bayliffe 117, Brick lane. 1 Schmidt, Dr. Alfred Edwin 150, Bethnal Green road. 2 Smither, Mr. Daniel 142, Hackney road. Crisp, Mr. James, 88, Hackney road.— Auditor. 3 Years to serve NORTH WARD. from May, 1884. 1 Attwell, Mr. Orlando Thomas 278, Hackney road. 1 Barnard, Mr. Alfred 76, Columbia road. 3 Beale, Mr. Robert Oval, Hackney road. 2 Bishop, Mr. James 97, Approach road. 2 Cook. Mr. Thomas 435, Hackney road. 3 Edwards, Mr. James Henry St. Peter's square. 3 Hardy, Mr. George Game 58 & 59, Pritchard's road. 1 Lamb, Mr. Robert Baden place, Andrew's road, Cambridge heath. 3 Latham, Dr. Charles William 442, Hackney road. 2 Luckhurst, Mr. Thomas 8, Providence place, Columbia road. 1 Milbourn, Mr. James 176, Columbia road. 2 Norris, Mr. Joseph 220, Cambridge road. Haslop, Mr. Thomas, 409, Hackney road.—Auditor. SOUTH WARD. 1 Abbott, Mr. James 6, Old Bethnal Green road. 1 Beven, Mr. Thomas King Edward road and Pollard row. 2 Blain, Mr. John 311 & 313, Bethnal Green road. 1 Carter, Mr. Joseph 414, Bethnal Green road. 2 Coke, The Rev. Edward Francis The Vicarage, St. James-the- Great, Bethnal Green road. 3 Cook, Mr. John 2, Old Bethnal Green road. 1 Dobson, Mr. Harry Frederick 218, Old Ford road. 2 Eagle, Dr. Henry Frederick Charles 217, Bethnal Green road. 3 Forrest, Mr. Christopher 17, Victoria Park square. 3 Jones, Mr. James Valentine Oval, Cambridge heath. 3 Link, Mr. John David 30, Weaver street. 1 Meadway, Mr. George 354, Bethnal Green road. 2 Pereira, Mr. Henry 1, Essex street, Cambridge road. 3 Pickard, Mr. Robert 210, Grove road. 2 Thurgood, Mr. Edward 450, Bethnal Green road. Kilbey, Mr. William Charles, 215, Bethnal Green road .—Auditor. Member for the Parish of the Metropolitan Board of Works. Alfred Ewin, Esq., Norlington House, Leytonstone. Medical Officer of Health. George Paddock Bate, Esq., M.D., 412, Bethnal Green road. 4 Public Analyst. Alfred Walter Stokes, Esq., Laboratory, Vestry Hall, Paddington. Surveyor. Mr. Frederick William Barratt, The Vestry Hall. Surveyor's Clerk. Mr. Robert Ernest Morgan, The Vestry Hall. Collectors of Poor, General, aud other Rates. Mr. William Isaac Shenton, 79, Gore road, Victoria Park (hast Ward). Mr. Henry Liebrecht, 97, Approach road, Victoria Park (North Division, West Ward). Mr. William Nathaniel Eagles, 51, Approach road, Victoria Park (South Division, West Ward). Mr. Eustace Shepherd Smith, G2, Bonner road (North Ward). Mr. Henry John Bliss, 164, Bethnal Green road (South Ward). Beadle. Mr. John William Burrows, Ivy Cottage, Mowlem street, Bishop's road, Cambridge Heath. Sanitary Inspectors. Mi\ John William Burrows, Mr. William Walter Burrows, and Mr. Joshua Lapworth, The Vestry Hall. Hall Keeper. Mr. William Page. ROBERT VOSS, Vestry Clerk. OFFICES-The Vestry Hall, Church Row, Bethnal Green Road Memorandum. We, the undersigned Auditors for the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, having duly examined and investigated the Accounts of the said Vestry, from the 25th day of March, 1883, to the 25th day of March, 1884, and the Vouchers in support of the same, together with the Books, Papers, Instruments, and Writings, relating thereto, Do hereby Certify that we have this day Audited such Accounts at the Vestry Hall, Church Row, Bethnal Green Road, in the said Parish, and the same are true and correct. Given under our hands this 19th day of May, 1884. (Signed) CORNELIUS KEMP, WILLIAM CHARLES KILBEY, THOMAS HASLOP, Auditors. The Vestry of the Parish of St. Matthew, in the County of Middleser. Abstract and Summary of Accounts from the 25th day of March, 1883, to the 25th day of March, 1884. GENERAL RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance in hand at Lady-day, 1883 3002 1 7 Interest on Mortgages by late Paving Commissioners 357 0 6 Collectors' Poundage 726 10 11 Amount paid into Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1883, of Bate made at Christmas, 1882 1665 13 0 Roads—Labour, Carting, Steam Boiler, Granite, Hard Core, Ballast Trucks, Implements, &c. 3639 19 5 Amount of Rate at 7d in the £, made at Lady-day, 188-3, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Midsummer 9423 5 11 Scavenging 6705 2 9 Paving Repairs and Alterations 944 5 0 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Midsummer, 1883, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Michaelmas 9503 12 8 Lighting 3922 10 3 Incidentals—Repairs and Sundry Works, Water, Coal Tree Guards, Advertisements, &c. 332 12 5 Amount of Bate at 7d. in the £, made at Michaelmas, 18S3, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Christmas 9521 19 6 Watering—Repairs to Hydrants, &c., and for Water 390 4 9 Hollybush Gardens Improvement 269 19 11 Wharf—One Year's Rent, less Tax 29 3 9 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Christmas, 1883, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank on the 25th March, 1884 7133 0 0 Nuisances — Disinfectants, Bedding, Removing Dead Bodies, Inspectors' Disbursements, Returns, Analysts &c. 622 7 7 Carriageway Entrances 9 10 4 Mortuary Keeper's Salary and Sundries 27 10 0 Digby Street Yard—Alterations, Fittings,Rates,Taxes,&c. 100 9 1 Re-instating Roads 470 10 0 Hall and Offices—Repairs to Building, and Cleansing 266 9 6 Paving Licences 49 1 2 Income Tax on Mortgages and Bonds 21 9 1 School Board for London 10,429 7 4 Paving Kay Street 11 6 8 Sixth Instalment of Loan for £20,000 1000 0 0 Mr. Foskett—ditto, Shacklewell Street and Tyssen Street 14 15 0 Interest on balance of Loan (five quarters) to April, 1884 543 15 0 Fourth Instalment of Loan for £15,000 750 0 0 School Board for London—ditto, Hague 248 12 7 Interest on balance of Loan (five quarters) to April, 1884 471 2 0 Second Instalment of Loan for £14,000 700 0 0 274 14 3 Interest on Loan 492 3 9 Sale of Old Iron 17 1 3 Second Instalment of Loan of £4,500 90 0 0 Chalet Company—half-year's Rent of Site of Chalet to 9th July, 1883 10 0 0 Interest on Loan 154 7 0 Interest on Second Loan of £15,000 288 12 0 Royal Exchange Assurance— Eighteenth Annual Instalment of £10,000 advanced on Mortgage. 6th December, 1865 500 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year, less tax 73 8 10 Sixteenth Annual Instalment of £10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 11th July, 1867 500 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for 1 year, at 5 per cent., less tax 110 3 2 London Life Association— Sixteenth Annual Instalment of Loan of £16.000 advanced on Mortgage, 5th December, 1867 800 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for 1 year at 4^ per cent., Less tax 176 5 0 Fourteenth Annual Instalment of £7,000 advanced on Mortgage, 8th April, 1869 350 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for 1 year. at 4½ per cent., loss tax 154 4 6 Fourteenth Annual Instalment of Loan of £10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 3rd March, 1870 500 0 0 Interest on balance of mortgage for 1 year, at 4½ per cent. less tax 99 18 0 Half of Payments for Printing, Books, Stipends, Stationery, Expenses of Quarterly Surveys, Hates on Vestry Hall, and Sundry Charges common to General and Sewers Rates 1283 14 7 Balance 3257 13 7 £41,980 9 8 £41,080 9 8 SEWERS RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Amount paid into the Bank subsequently to Lady-day 1883, of rate made at Christmas, 1882 269 12 10 Balance on 25th March, 1883, being Excess of Expenditure over Receipts 122 7 8 Amount of Rate at 2d. in the £, made at Midsummer, 1883, and arrears of former Rate, collected at Michaelmas 2704 0 4 Collectors' Poundage 75 14 3 Cleansing, Repairs, Carting, and Flushing Sewers 1107 11 10 Incidentals—Boots, Timber, and Oil 78 5 9 Great Eastern Railway Company for St. John Street Sewer 188 15 4 Urinals—Water Supply, Painting, &c. 142 3 6 Licences 166 9 4 Construction of Sewers 488 12 5 Balance 335 0 8 London Life Association— Twentieth and last Annual Instalment of £7,000 advanced on Mortgage, 30th Dec., 1863 350 0 0 Interest on balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4½ per cent., less tax 15 8 6 Half of Payments for Printing, Books, Stipends, Stationery, Expenses of Quarterly Surveys, Rates on Vestry Hall, and Sundry Charges common to General and Sewers Rates 1283 14 7 £3663 18 6 £3663 18 6 METROPOLITAN CONSOLIDATED RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance at Lady-day, 1883 2166 9 3 Collectors' Poundage 176 16 7 Amount paid into Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1883, of Rate made at Christmas, 1882 551 4 4 Metropolitan Board of Works, pursuant to their Precept 9615 5 0 Balance 709 14 7 Amount of Rate at 2d. in the £, made at Lady-day, 1883, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank at Midsummer, 1883 2783 14 9 Amount of Rate at 3d. in the £, made at Michaelmas, 1883, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank at Christmas, 1883 3981 7 10 Amount of Rate at 1d. in the £, made at Christmas, 1883, Collected and Paid into the Bank at Lady-day, 1884 1019 0 0 £10501 16 2 £10501 16 2 SUMMARY. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance due from Sewer Rate 335 0 8 Balance of General Rate Account 3257 13 7 Balance at Central Bank, Shoreditch 4400 13 6 Ditto Metropolitan Consolidated Rate Account 709 14 7 Less Outstanding Cheques— Thompson & Co. 2 5 0 Clark & Hunt 1 2 6 Aird & Sons 9 0 3 Girling 10 0 0 Stunt 9 15 10 Roberts 2 18 9 Clark & Hunt 6 12 5 Ernst's Executors 13 14 2 Doulton 26 8 6 Burkitt 2 12 1 Gathercole 300 0 0 Metropolitan Board of Works 375 0 0 Shenton 8 16 6 768 6 0 3632 7 6 £3967 8 2 £3967 8 2 LIABILITIES. Amount unpaid of Mortgages, granted by the late Paving Commission, and chargeable on the General Rate, £9,200. £1000—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £ 10,000, borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in December, 1865, toward defraying cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets" and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £5 per cent. per annum. £2000—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000 borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in July, 1867, towards defraying cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets," and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £5 per cent. per annum. £3200—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £16,000, borrowed of the London Life Association in December, 1867, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageways of Hackney road and Whitechapel road, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments with interest at £5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £2100—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £7000, borrowed of the London Life Association in April, 1869, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageway of Green street, and the unpaved portion of the Carriageway of Bethnal green road, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £3000—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000 borrowed of the London Life Association in March, 1870, for defraying the cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets,'' and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest, within thirty days after they respectively become due. £14,000—Balanceof Mortgage for £20,000, borrowed from the Metropolitan Board of Works in March, 1878, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageway of various streets, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 15s. percent. per annum. £12,000—Balance of Mortgage for £15,000, borrowed of the Metropolitan Beard of Works in March, 1880, £13,000 for defraying the cost of Carriageway Paving, and cost of Footway Paving between the Parks, and £2,000 for constructing Mortuary, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 15s. per cent. per annum. £12,600—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £14,000, borrowed of the Metropolitan Board of Works in November, 1881, for defraying tbe cost of Paving the Carriageways of various Streets, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 15s. per cent. per annum. £4320—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £4500, borrowed of the Metropolitan Board of Works in March, 1882, for defraying the cost of purchase of property in Digby street, and to be repaid by fifty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 10s. per cent. per annum. £15,000—Mortgage of Rates for £15,000, borrowed of tho Metropolitan Board of Works in October, 1883, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageways of various Streets, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 10s. per cent. per annum. MONEYS DUE TO, AND DEBTS OWING BY, THE VESTRY ON THE 25TH MARCH, 1884. MONEYS DUE TO. MONEY TO WING BY. £ s. d. £ s. d. Central Bank of London, as per foregoing Summary 3632 7 6 Stipends 365 0 0 Amount of Rates made at Christmas, paid after Quarterday by Five Collectors into Central Bank of London., 1327 11 3 Poundage to Five Collectors 217 6 6 R. Wright's Executors—Rent of Wharf 15 0 0 Arrears of General Rate at Lady-day, 1884 328 0 8 Sanitas Company—for Disinfectants 10 12 0 Ditto Sewers Rate ditto 3 5 0 Mr. Lee—for Bedding 14 4 9 Ditto Metropolitan Consolidated rate 53 16 0 Mr. Cramp, for ditto 5 3 5 Metropolitan Board of Works—Contribution towards Messrs. Forsaith Brothers—for Printing 48 14 0 Brick Lane Bridge Improvement 300 0 0 School Board for London—One Quarter of Precept 3072 12 11 Mr. J. W. Burrows—Removing Dead Bodies and care of Mortuary 16 0 0 Vestry Clerk—Payments made 11 8 0 Surveyor— ditto 5 18 2 Messrs. Doulton & Co.—Lime, Pipes, &c. 7 16 0 Gas Light and Coke Company—for Gas 834 15 7 Commercial Gas Company—for Gas 84 2 0 East London Water Company—for Urinals, &c. 32 16 0 A. F. Stokes, Esq.—for Analyses 16 16 0 Mr. J. J. Griffiths—Bills Passed 798 11 3 Mr. Crane—for Ballast 6 10 0 Mr. Brooks—for Smith's Work 7 1 6 Mr. E. J. Ward,—for Carting 24 5 6 Mr. Eagles—for Kates, Vestry Hall 15 0 0 Mr. Shenton—for Rates Digby Street Yard 8 12 6 Mr. Wild—for Ordnance Maps 6 19 6 Mr. Thomerson—Plumber's work 14 7 4 Mr. Collins—for Flusher's Boots 5 11 0 Messrs. Thompson & Llewellyn—for Flusher's Hose 6 15 0 Messrs. Jukes,Coulson& Co.,Lengthening Lamp Columns 22 17 3 Mr. Cove for Lanterns 5 5 3 Mr. Jennings—for Repairs to Urinal 4 10 0 Mr. Finch —Balance of Contract 62 0 0 Mr. J. A. Blain—Repairs to Lamps 21 17 6 Guardians—for Broken Granite 68 12 0 Messrs. McFarlane—for Lamp Columns 80 0 0 Great Eastern Railway Company—for Brick Lane Bridge 600 0 0 Taxed Costs of Applicants for Mandamus re Composition Rate 94 13 7 Messrs. Shepheard & Sons—Charges relating to Composition Rate 138 18 8 Mr. Key, Jun.—for Brooms 13 10 0 14 RATES MADE BY THE VESTRY. LADY-DAY, 1883— Poor Rate at 0s. 10d. in the £ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at 0s. 2d. 1s. 7d. MIDSUMMER, 1883— Poor Rate at 0s. 10d. in the £ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Sewers ditto at 0s. 2d. „ 1s. 7d. MICHAELMAS, 1883— Poor Rate at 0s. 9d. in the £ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at 0s. 3d. „ 1s. 7d. CHRISTMAS, 1883 — Poor Rate at 0s. 10d. in the £ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at 0s. 1d. „ 1s. 6d. Total Rates in the £ for the Year 6s. 3d. 15 CONTRACTS ENTERED INTO BY THE VESTRY During the year ended 25th March, 1884. Date. With For April 19th Messrs. Jukes, Coulson, & Co. Flushing Boxes. „ „ Messrs. Doulton & Co. Lime, Pipes, &c. „ „ Mr. E. J. Ward Carting. „ „ Mr. W. Key, Jun. Brooms. „ „ Mr. C. Thomerson Plumbing. June 21st Mr. Wright Sale of Old Iron, at 35s. per ton. „ „ Mr. W. E. Stevens Scavenging and Watering Districts Nos. 1 and 3, from 11th August, 1883, to 10th August, 1884, both inclusive, at £3200. „ „ Mr. H. Crane Scavenging and Dusting District No. 2, for the same period, at £1700. September 20th Mr. J. J. Griffiths New Carriageway Paving. November 1st Mr. James Ewin 5000 ft. Old 2½ in. York Paving, at 2½d. per ft. „ „ Messrs. Macfarlane & Co. Lamp Columns. March 20th Messrs. Perry & Putland 1000 ft. Elm Poling Boards, at 13s. per 100 ft., and 530 12 ft. 3 × 9 Unsorted Spruce, at 13s. per 120. REDEMPTION OF MORTGAGES GRANTED BY THE LATE PAVING COMMISSIONERS. £ s. d. October, 1882. Paid Mr. Eleman principal of Mortgage 400 0 0 Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1882 311 0 0 Overpaid £89 0 0 Michaelmas, 1883. To 4 per cent on £9200 balance of principal due on the Mortgages 368 0 0 Less overpaid at Michaelmas, 1882 89 0 0 Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1883 279 6 0 Michaelmas, 1884. To 4 per cent. on £9200 balance of principal due on the Mortgages 368 0 0 Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1884 £647 0 0 Notice has been given to pay off at Michaelmas, 1884, a Mortgage for £500. Report OF THE Proceedings of the Vestry of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, from the 25th March, 1883, to the 25th March, 1884. SCAVENGING. The tenders, sent in pursuant to advertisement, for executing scavenging work and watering from the 10th August, 1883, to the 10th August, 1884, were opened at the meeting hold on the 21st Juno. The tenders accepted were:— £ District No. 1, Mr. E. Stevens, at 1,500 „ „ 2, Mr. Crane „ 1,700 „ „ 3, Mr. E. Stevens „ 1,700 £4,900 The total being less by £448 than the total of the tenders for the previous year. THE COMPOSITION RATE. The appeal by the Vestry to the Lords Justices against the decision of the Queen's Bench Division awarding a peremptory mandamus commanding the Churchwardens to make a Rate sufficient for all the purposes specified in the Composition Rate Act, was heard on the 31st July and 1st August, before the Master of the Rolls and Lords Justices Cotton and Bowen. Mr. Bompas, Q.C., and Mr. Arnold Morley appeared for the appellants, the Vestry; Mr. Arthur Charles, Q.C., and Mr. Beven for the Respondents, the applicants for the mandamus; and Mr. Poland for the Churchwardens. Their Lordships reserved their judgment, and did not deliver the judgment until the 21st December. 17 The appeal by the Vestry was dismissed with costs. The judgment of the Lords Justices, delivered by the Lord Justice Cotton, was as follows:— "This Case of The Queen v. The Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, is an Appeal from a judgment of the Queen's Bench Division granting a mandamus to the Churchwardens to make a Composition Bate for the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. "Now, that Composition Rate was a Rate that was authorised and directed to he raised by the 8th and 9th Victoria, Chapter 180, and the objects with which that Rate was to be raised were these:- To pay the emoluments of the Vicar or the Rector, whoever it was, and then for other purposes which I shall have to refer to —those other purposes being Ecclesiastical—the repairs of the Church, and the payment of the Officers of the Church. There was a direction, therefore, to raise that Rate; but, on the other hand, the Act for the abolition of compulsory Church Rates was relied on; and that Act directed that from and after the passing of the Act no suit or proceeding should be taken for the purpose of enforcing the payment of Church Rates; and then Section 2 contained this provision: 'Where in pursuance of any General or Local Act any Rate may be made and levied which is applicable partly to Ecclesiastical purposes, and partly to other purposes, such Rate shall be made, levied, and applied for such last mentioned purpose only and so far as it is applied to such purpose shall be deemed to be a separate Rate and not a Church Rate.' So that the Act which I am now referring to, 31 and 32 Victoria, divides this Rate into two rates, one of which is to be considered a Church Rate, and the other of which is not to be considered a Church Rate, and to which, therefore, the Act does not apply; and as regards the provision for the Incumbent, for the Vicar or Rector, it was said that there was no objection, and that that was not the matter in dispute, but the question was whether this Rate, so far as it was applicable to Ecclesiastical purposes, could now be raised under the Act. Well, so far as I have gone, it would be impossible to say so; but what we have to consider is the 5th Section of the Act, and it is to this effect: 'This Act shall not affect any enactment in any private or local Act of Parliament under the authority of which Church Rates may be made or levied in lieu of or in consideration of the extinguishment or of the appropriation to any other purpose of any tithes, customary payments, or other property, or charge upon property which tithes, payments, property, or charge previously to the passing of such Act had been appropriated by Law to Ecclesiastical purposes as defined by this Act,' and what we have, therefore, to consider is this: whether the authority to raise the portion of the Composition Rate, which is to be considered a Church Rate, was given under circumstances which bring it within that Section. Now, one must go back, therefore, a little way to see how this Composition Rate was authorized, and what was the object and origin of it. St. Matthew's, Bethnal Green, was not originally a separate Parish, but an Act was passed in the 16th Year of the Reign of George 2nd, which made Bethnal Green a separate Parish; and at that time there were certain small Tithes and Garden pennies which were leviable; and, although there is some doubt or difficulty as to the other part of it, directions are given under this Act, Section 35, as regards the application of the Garden pennies and small Tithes, and they are these:— 'From and after the consecration of the said new Church' (that is to say, the Church authorized by the Act to be erected), 'all Garden pennies, small Tithes, Easter offerings, and other dues (except surplice fees) arising within the said Hamlet, that have been usually paid to the said Rector, Vicar, or portionists of the said Parish Church of Stepney, shall from thenceforth be paid to and received by the Churchwardens of the said new intended Church, who shall have the same and the like remedy to recover the same, and compel the payment thereof, as any former Rector, Vicar, or portionists of the said Parish Church of Stepney have or might have had; and the same shall be applied for the maintenance and support of the Rector of the said new intended Church.' Of course there is no difficulty there, because the Rate there was applicable to Church expenses, 'and such other uses as are hereby directed.' B 18 "Now, undoubtedly there, there is a difficulty in the Act, because one does not find any direction in the Act as to the purposes for which so much of the Garden pennies and small Tithes as should not be applied for the maintenance and support of the Rector are to be applied. But when we turn to Section 25, I think there we find what will satisfy that, because it is in these words And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Rector of the said Parish Church, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said new intended 1 arish for the time being, and all other persons who shall have served or fined for the Office of Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Hamlet or of the said new intended Parish,' and shall do certain things therein described : 'Shall be Vestrymen for the time being of the said new intended Parish, and shall meet from time to time,' and so on; 'and the said Vestrymen, or the major part of them, as shall be assembled at such Meetings, shall and may from time to time elect and nominate a Lecturer, as also Churchwardens, Sidesmen, Parish Clerk, and all other Officers for the said intended Parish, and also from time to time elect and nominate, amove, and put out the Sexton, Gravediggers, and all other Officers and Servants to be employed in or about opening the Pews, making the graves, or otherwise, in or about the said Church; and the Lecturer so to be chosen shall be admitted by the Rector for the time being to have the use of the Pulpit.' "Now, here there is a direction that the Vestry shall not only elect and nominate a Lecturer, but also shall elect and nominate the 'Officers for the said intended Parish,' that is to say, the Parish Clerk and all those who attend the Church, and who are to be there for the services of the Church, Pew-openers, &c. And I am of opinion that Section 35 does direct and authorise that the balance of these Garden pennies and the small tithes which remain after providing for payment of the Rector, shall be employed for the payment of those Officers whom, by Section 25, the Vestry was annually to elect. That is not in terms a direction that the money shall be applied for the purpose; but when the Vestry are directed to elect and appoint those Officers, in my opinion that is a direction that that body are to apply, for the purpose of paying them, the surplus of the Garden pennies and the small tithes. "Then it will be remarked that the Act does not say here, that which shall have been applied in lieu of any tithes or other customary payments which shall have been applied by law to Ecclesiastical purposes, but only which shall have been appropriated by law to Ecclesiastical purposes; and, although I think we must take it here, because there has been no denial of the fact, that in fact there never was any surplus of these small tithes and Garden pennies, yet the surplus, after providing for the emolument and payment to the Rector, was by Law appropriated; and that is all which the 5th Section of the Customary Church Rates Abolition Act requires, not in fact applied, but appropriated. Considering that it gets rid of a point which was much argued, whether one could say that the Garden pennies aud small tithes were appropriated. I regard the Composition Rate for the purpose of seeing whether it is a Church Rate with reference to so much of the small tithes and garden pennies as remain after those for Ecclesiastical purposes were provided for. "Well, but then one has to consider this: Is this Composition Rate, so far as it is a Church Rate, a charge to be made or levied in lieu of or in consideration of extinguishment or appropriation (it is extinguishment, it is not appropriation for other purposes) of the customary payments or small tithes so far as they were applicable and directed to be applied for Ecclesiastical purposes ? Now, one must look at. the Act which gives power to levy the Composition Rate, and that is the Act of the 8th and 9th of the Queen. If one looks at the 1st Section of that Act, there can be no doubt that the power to levy the Composition Rate was granted in consideration of the extinguishment of those customary payments. Because, what is that Section of the Act? It is: 'And whereas it would be beneficial to the inhabitants of the said Parish if the garden pennies, small tithes, Easter offerings, and all payments in lieu of small tithes arising within the said Parish, were extinguished, and if the mode of raising the stipend of the Rector of the said Parish were altered; And whereas it is expedient to authorise the laying of rates on property in the said Parish for the purpose of raising the said stipend and other monies hereinafter mentioned, Be it enacted' (and so on) 'that from and immediately 19 after the passing of this Act, all garden pennies, small tithes, and Easter offerings, and all payments in lieu of small tithes arising within the said Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, shall cease and be for ever extinguished.' "With regard to the construction, I think one cannot come to any other conclusion than this, that the power to raise the Composition Rate which was granted, was granted in lieu of and in consideration of the small tithes and the garden pennies. "But then it was said (this, I think, was the argument on that part of the case) that as there was, in fact, no such thing, as far as we have evidence before us, it cannot be considered that the extinguishment of the portion of these customary payments and small tithes applicable to Ecclesiastical purposes, was in consideration of the Grant of so much of the Composition Rate as is to be considered from its application a Church Rate. Now, in my opinion, that cannot prevail. It was getting rid of the whole of the garden pennies and small tithes. They could not be got rid of, without getting rid, not only of that portion which was applicable, and was in fact applied to the payment of the Rector or Vicar, but the right to call on the inhabitants to pay the whole surplus must be got rid of in order to do what was intended; and one cannot for one moment say, whether or no, if these payments had been rigorously carried out (there were Easter offerings as well), there might not have beeu a surplus. "The object, as I understand, of this Act of Parliament, was to get rid of the annoyance and vexation of raising the small payments from a number of people, and, in order to do that, they are to get rid not only of that which was applicable to the payment of the Rector and Vicar, but to get rid of the right of levying the whole in order to see whether there was a surplus. This Act was passed authorising a Composition Rate to be made. "Therefore, in my opinion, not only was this portion of the Rate in substitution of the garden pennies, which were authorised to be applied to Ecclesiastical purposes, directed to be appropriated and applied to Ecclesiastical purposes by the Act I have already referred to, but the power and authority given by the Act of the 8th and 9th of Victoria to raise the Composition Rate was in lieu of or in extinguishment of those small customary payments. "In my opinion, therefore, the Judgment of the Queen's Bench Division was right, and this Appeal fails. "I should say that the Judgment I have delivered is the Judgment of the Court; and although I have expressed my own opinion in the singular, yet in general terms the other members of the Court agree, not only with the conclusion at which I have arrived, but also with the reasons which I have given for that conclusion. But they are not to be made liable for any actual expression which I may have used, because I have not reduced my Judgment into writing, but have expressed our Judgments jointly in words of my own. "The consequence is, that this Appeal will be dismissed with costs." The Churchwardens being bound to obey the mandamus, have made a rate as directed by it. Messrs. Shepheard and Sons, in a letter of tho 22nd February, to the Clerk, write as follows— "Immediately after the Judgment in the Appeal Court, Mr. Bompas mentioned in conversation, that he was very strongly inclined to think that the judgment was wrong, and would be reversed in the Lords. We had as you will remember, no instructions to go further than the Court of Appeal, but we felt that after so strong an expression of opinion, we were bound to lay a case before Mr. Bompas and Mr. Morley. This we have done, and send a copy of the Case and opinion they have given herewith. They think, as you will see, that success would attend an Appeal." The letter of Messrs. Shepheard and Son was submitted to the Vestry, at the Meeting held on the 6th of March, when it was resolved that the consideration of the suggested Appeal stand over until the first meeting in April. 20 PEEL GROVE CEMETERY. In May, Mr. Chambers, the lessee of the Cemetery, applied for the approval by the Vestry of plans for draining the houses proposed to be erected by him. The Vestry declined to approve the plans. Subsequently an application was made to the Metropolitan Board of Works, for permission to form a now road across the Cemetery. The views of the Vestry as to the application having been asked by the Board, at the Mooting on the 3rd July, it was resolved : "That in the opinion of the Vestry it is extremely objectionable that any houses should be erected on the disused Burial Ground in Peel Grove, unless, and until, the bodies lying there have been previously properly removed." On the 13th November, Mr. Chambers, the lessee, with Mr. Brooks, his solicitor, and Mr. Hills, his architect, attended the Works Committee. Mr. Brooks stated the Order in Council made on the 7th July, 1868, being nugatory, his client intended to build on the Cemetery, and to make a 40 foot road across it to Alfred Place. That it was also intended to lay concrete under the houses and the sites of the yards, and to put the drains upon the concrete. It was alleged on behalf of the lessee, that there were no bodies within 7 feet of the surface, and that further plans would be sent in for approval by the Vestry. In In December Mr. Chambers made a further application for approval of a plan for draining the proposed houses, but it appeared to the Vestry such drains as these proposed would, from the certainty of the subsidence of the ground, be insecure, notwithstanding their being laid on concrete, and the Vestry declined to approve the plan. Permission to form the proposed now road was not granted by the Metropolitan Board of Works At the Vestry Mooting on the 6th December, Mr. Cornelius Kemp, of Green Street, presented a memorial, with about 300 signatures, from residents in this and adjoining parishes, many of whom had relatives buried in the Cemetery, setting forth objections to the Cemetery being built upon. Mr. Kemp was informed the Vestry would use every means to prevent the ground being built on. The Clerk, many years ago, pointed out that a decision of the Court of Queen's Bench shewed that the Order in Council of July, 1868, with respect to Peel Grove, was, being ultra vires, invalid. The Vestry wore further advised that they had no power to stop building because a nuisance might arise from it, and that it was no offence at Common 21 Law to build upon the Cemetery if no bodies were interfered with. The lessee made his plans with a view of meeting the letter of the law. The Metropolitan Board of Works made, in 1879, Bye Laws under sec. 16 of the Metropolis Management and Building Acts Amendment Act, 1878. One of those Bye Laws is— "No house, building or other erection, shall be erected upon any site or portion of any site, which shall have been filled up, or covered with any material impregnated or mixed with any fœcal animal or vegetable matter, or which shall have been filled up or covered with dust, or slop, or other refuse, or in or upon which any such matter or refuse shall have been deposited, unless, and until such matter or refuse shall have been properly removed by excavation or otherwise from such site." By the Act under which the Bye Law is made, the word "site" is defined as the space occupied by such house "between the level of the bottom of the foundations and the level of the base of the walls." If the word "site" in the Bye Law is to be construed according to the definition of it in the Act, it would appear the Metropolitan Board could not interfere, even if the soil below the level of the bottom of the foundations consist entirely of animal matter. Mr. Chambers, the lessee, has made a formal commencement of building, and the Metropolitan Board of Works have taken proceedings against him for infraction of the Bye Laws. The attempt to build a large number of houses on ground in which about 20,000 bodies have been buried, closely packed, and up nearly to the surface, has naturally attracted much attention, and excited indignation. It was not supposed that a thing so dangerous to health was possible, or that such "desecration of the dead" could not instantly be stopped. The Appeal in the case of Foster v. Dodd, which showed that an Order in Council was of no avail in such a case as that of Peel Grove, was decided so long ago as April, 1866. A Bill to prevent building on disused Burial Grounds, brought in by Mr. Hollond, one of the members for Brighton, is, at the date of this Report, before Parliament. RE-NUMBERING AND RE-NAMING STREETS. During the year, orders have been made by the Metropolitan Board of Works for Re-numbering Approach road. Ditto Sewardstone road. Ditto Eandon road. Ditto Ely place. Ditto Hague street. Ditto Gibraltar walk. Ditto Northampton street. 22 Naming Spicer, Buxton, and Luke Streets, in this Parish and in the Hamlet of Mile End New Town throughout Buxton street. And re-numbering. Naming Bartbolomew Place, Cudworth and Newport streets throughout Cudworth street. And re-numbering. Re-numbering Barnsley street. Naming Somerford street and New Somerford street throughout Somerford street. And re-numbering. Naming Ely place Lansdell place. He-numbering Tapp street. Ditto Lisbon street. Naming Temple terrace and Barnsley street throughout And re-numbering. Barnsley street. Re-numbering Collingwood street Ditto Three Colts lane Naming Essex street, Three Colts lane Buckhurst street Naming Princes street, Virginia Row Chambord street Naming Duke street, Brady street Ducal street Naming New street, Gosset street Newling street Naming Norfolk street, Three Colts lane Fellbrigg street Re-numbering a part in this Parish and a part in Shore- ditch Parish of Bethnal Green road. Re-numbering the part in this Parish and the part in Shoreditch Parish of Pritchard's road. Naming Pereira street and Duke street, partly in this Parish and partly in "Whitechapel, throughout Pereira street. And re-numbering. Naming Brick lane, Turk street, and Herat street throughout Brick lane. And re-numbering. Re-numbering Mount street. Ditto Alma road. Naming Cranbrook place, Cranbrook street, and Nelson place throughout Cranbrook street. And re-numbering. NEW CARRIAGEWAY PAYING. The Vestry deemed it desirable that the Carriageways of Bishop's road "Winchester street Globe road North Side of Victora Park square Brady street Old Bethnal Green road should be paved, and have borrowed to meet the cost, from the Metropolitan Board of Works, £15,000 at £3 10s. per cent. interest, and to be repaid by 20 equal annual instalments. A Contract for the execution of the work by Mr. J. J. Griffiths, of Kingsland Road, was entered into, and the greater part of the work has been completed. 23 TRAMWAYS. The North Metropolitan Tramways Company deposited a plan shewing proposed double tram lines from their lines in Shoreditch, at the wostern end of Bethnal Green Road, to their lines in Cambridge Road, at the east end of Bethnal Green Road. At the meeting on the 3rd January, a deputation from ratepayers in Bethnal Green Road attended and presented a memorial in opposition to the proposal to lay tramways in Bethnal Green Road. Mr. Wildey Wright appeared as Counsel for the memorialists, and addressed the Vestry in support of the memorial. It was referred to a committee of the whole Vestry to consider the memorial, and also to consider and report whether it was desirable that tramways should be laid down in Bethnal Green Road, and generally as to the scheme of the Tramway Company. The Committee of the Whole Vestry, after having been attended by the Solicitor, and the Assistant Engineer of the Tramway Company, and by a deputation from Ratepayers, recommended: "That the consent of the Vestry to the proposed scheme for laying tram lines in Bethnal Green Road be refused, and that the Bill proposed to be introduced to authorise the construction of the tramway, be opposed by the Vestry." The proposed Bill was introduced into Parliament, but ultimately the part relating to Bethnal Green was withdrawn. METROPOLITAN RAILWAY COMPANY AND THE LONDON, TILBURY & SOUTHEND RAILWAY COMPANY. A plan was deposited, shewing a proposed line which would pass under Whitechapel Road, including the small portion of that road in this parish. The requisite attention as to making provision with regard to sewers and drains was given, but the bill introduced was abandoned, so far as it related to the formation of the line under Whitechapel road. GREAT EASTERN RAILWAY COMPANY. The Vestry presented a Petition to Parliament in favour of the clause in a bill by the Company, authorising the establishment of a market or depot at the Brick Lane Goods Station, but Parliament did not confer the desired authority, and it seems that the Railway Company can be effectually restrained from establishing a market, as it would be an infraction of rights conferred by Old Charters. 24 STREETS AND ROADS. Besides the ordinary repairs of the foot and carriageways, the paving of Shacklewell Street, has been completed by continuing it up to Bethnal Green Road. Part of the footway of Morpeth Road has been paved. The paving of the wide footway in front of the part of Bethnal Green Road, formerly known as Punderson Place, has been completed by extending the pavement up to the forecourts. The crossings leading to the entrance to the Park, in Approach Road, and to the entrance to the Park iu Grove Road, and the carriageway entrance to the Park, in Grove Road, have been paved with 4x4 granite cubes. Pereira Street, which is partly in this parish and partly in Whitechapel, has at the joint expense of the Whitechapel District Board and the Vestry, been repaired and improved by the carriageway being reformed, made up with "Macadam," and steam rolled, and three stone channels on concrete laid down. The old channels and kerb in Orange Street, have been taken up and a 12x6 kerb laid down, new channels formed, and the crossing to Gosset Street relaid. HOLLYBUSH GARDENS. On the completion of the purchase of the north end of Hollybush Gardens, for the purpose of making the place a thoroughfare, the Vestry erected the fences, formed the gateways, and made good the vendor's buildings in accordance with the stipulations of the agreement for sale, and the sewer was extended to Middleton Street. The footways of the new part were paved with Victoria stone, kerbed and channeled, and the carriage way of the new part made up with "Macadam," and steam rolled. At the same time the old cubes between the stone tram lines were taken up and relaid on an extra depth of concrete, and part of the old footway paving relaid with Victoria stone. The new thoroughfare is found to be a public convenience. PARMITER'S CHARITY. The Committee of Council on Education did not adopt the suggestion made by the Vestry, as mentioned in the last report, but approved of the scheme as prepared and published by the Charity Commission. 25 The principal point pressed by the Vestry was that 70 boys should continue to be educated as heretofore, free, as it would be a great benefit in such a parish, and the express object of the Founder was the Free education of poor boys. The income of the charity being so much larger than formerly, and as it will soon be further increased, it was considered the point should be conceded, but it was not. The Commissioners appear to object to providing for any free education being afforded by a charity, even when the charity has been expressly founded for the purpose of providing free education. The scheme was at the request of the Vestry laid before Parliament, but it was not found possible to securo such an opposition as would have the least chance of success. DIGBY STREET YARD. Instead of having at the yard two men (one for day the other for night) as attendant and care taker at wages amounting to £127 8s. 0d. a year, the Vestry have appointed a yard foreman at a salary of £80 a year, with a house, coals, and gas. The store in Church Row has been done away with, and no material is in future to be stored at the Vestry Wharf, but everything is to be stored or deposited at the yard. The Foreman is to keep proper books to be open for inspection by any member of the Vestry, at any time. The workmen in the employ of the Vestry are to start from the yard, and the foreman (among other things), is to keep an account of their time, of the tools and plant taken by them, and of where each man is at work. Advertisements inviting applications for candidates for the post of foreman were inserted in the Daily Chronicle, Builder, Metropolitan, Eastern Argus, and Shoreditch Observer. Of the 214 applicants, 119 attended for examination. Mr. Samuel Thomas Rutty was elected. One of the cottages adjoining the yard has been repaired, and provided with gas fittings, &c., and is used as a residence for the foreman. A man is engaged as an assistant at the yard, at £1 4s. per week. BRICK LANE RAILWAY BRIDGE. The improved Girder Bridge crossing Brick Lane has been completed by the Great Eastern Railway Company, as arranged in 1882 between the Company, the Vestry, and the Whitechapel District Board of Works. the Vestry have paid to the Railway Company the £600 agreed to be paid on completion of the improvement, and have now to 26 receive from the Metropolitan Board of Works the moiety of the £600 agreed to be contributed by that Board. The parts in this parish of the foot and carriageway under the bridge have been repaved and completed by paving the carriageway with granite cubes on concrete, and the footways with New York paving. A very short time since, this great improvement seemed a thing in the comparatively distant future. Its accomplishment is matter for congratulation. THAMES COMMUNICATION. In April, Messrs. Stoneley, Smither, Hilditch, Jacobs, and Jones, were, on the invitation of the Vestry of Mile End, appointed to attend a Conference on the subject of "Vehicular communication from North to South East of London Bridge." At an adjourned meeting of the Conference, held at the Cannon Street Hotel, it was resolved that a deputation should wait on the Metropolitan Board of Works, to confer. In November, Messrs, Abbott, Pickard, Thurgood, Wright, Loveday, Pitt, and Staines, were appointed a Committee to confer with other Vestries and District Boards, with the Thames Communication Committee, and the Corporation of the City of London, in order to support the proposal to form a tunnel from Shadwell to Rotherhithe, and to take all necessary steps to secure that communication, and to report to the Vestry. In December, Messrs. Abbott, Pickard, Thurgood, Wright, Loveday, Pitt, and Staines, were also appointed delegates, to confer with delegates from the Limehouse Board, Hackney, Shoreditch, Mile End, Poplar, St. George's, and Whitechapel, upon the subject of the proposed Tunnel at Nightingale Lane, suggested by the Metropolitan Board of Works. The Conference of Delegates passed a resolution, expressing an opinion that the Nightingale Lane Tunnel Scheme as submitted to Parliament by the Metropolitan Board of Works, is altogether unsuitable for the purposes alleged as regards the approaches and convenience of vehicular traffic, and that the same ought to be abandoned, and that if the scheme were not abandoned it should be opposed by the several districts by every means in their power. The Vestry approved of the action of the conference, and of a memorial to be presented to the Metropolitan Board of Works. 27 A communication expressing the views of the Vestry was made to that Board. In February the same delegates were appointed to attend further meetings of the Conference for concerting measures to oppose the Tunnel scheme. The Vestry were advised that they had no power to pay any cost of opposing the Bill in Parliament; but they presented a petition to Parliament praying that powers to construct the Tunnel at Nightingale Lane might not be granted, and also addressed a communication to the Metropolitan Board, again expressing the disapprobation by the Vestry of the scheme. The Board did not comply with the suggestion to omit from their Bill the part relating to the proposed Tunnel. The Bill was referred to a "Hybrid" Committee. A Bill was introduced into Parliament, by private promoters, to authorise making a "duplex" bridge over the river, near the Tower, with approaches from Free School Street, Horsleydown, and Little Tower Hill. The Vestry resolved to support this Bill, and presented a petition in favour of it. The Bill has been referred to the same Committee as the Bill introduced by the Metropolitan Board. LIGHTING. Since the 1st July, the charge by the Gas Light and Coke Company for tho supply to the street lamps has been reduced to 2s. 8d. per 1000 cubic feet. Two new lamps have been erected in Medhurst Road, 1 new lamp, in lieu of a bracket lamp, in West Street, 1 new lamp in Herat Street, and 1 new lamp in East Street. The subject of providing additional lamps round Columbia Eoad and in Brady Street has been referred to the Works Committee for consideration. Permission has been given to Mr. Hollington to erect a lamp outside 162, Hackney Eoad, on condition that it be fixed to the satisfaction of the Vestry, and also to the right of the Vestry at pleasure to remove the lamp, or require it to be removed. The scheme for the amalgamation of the South Metropolitan Gas Company and the Gas Light and Coke Company was sent by the 28 Board of Trade to the Vestry, with a request they would express their opinion on the proposal. The Vestry considered the amalgamation would be prejudicial to the interests of gas consumers, and informed the Board of Trade accordingly. The Board decided not to sanction the amalgamation. SCHOOL BOARD FOR LONDON. The amount required by the precept, to be paid by quarterly payments, is £12,250 11s. 10d., being an increase of £1829 16s. on the precept for last year. Messrs. Baugh, Jones, Edroff, Payne, Francis, and Abbott, were appointed representatives to attend a Conference, at St. Pancras, on the subject of the School Board Expenditure. At this Conference a Committee was formed to arrange for a deputation to attend to present a memorial to the Education Department. A memorial was ultimately adopted by the Conference, and presented to the Vice-President of the Committee of Council on Education. A letter from the Vestry of Bermondsey, protesting against an expenditure of £53,000 for alterations in the offices and premises of the School Board, was referred to the Parliamentary Committee, who reported they "had not the means of judging whether the proposed expenditure is really necessary or not, and without having the whole of the facts before them, with as full details and knowledge of the Board's requirements as the School Board have, the Committee cannot challenge the decision of a Board specially elected by the ratepayers of the Metropolis to administer the School Board Acts." The report was adopted by the Vestry. A letter from the Metropolitan Association for Limiting the Expenditure of the School Board for London, enclosing a copy of a proposed memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Council on Education, has also been referred to the Parliamentary Committee. METROPOLITAN BOARD OF WORKS. The amount required by the Board's precept is £10,074 5s. 10d., being an increase of £466 12s. 3d. on the precept of last year. 29 FOURNIER'S CHARITY. The following were the thirteen candidates who were elected and received the gift of £10 each. Mr. Thomas Brown, 108, Treadway Street. Mr. George Coventry, 9, Christopher Street. Mr. John Downes, 51, Viaduct Street. Mrs. Hannah Gavell, 4, Marian Street. Mr. William Lloyd, 13, Squirries Street. Mrs. Eliza Neville, 27, Charles Street. Mrs. Ann Oldman, 12, Pollard Row. Mr. William Pye, 469, Bethnal Green Road, Mr, William Read, 17, Scott Street. Mr. William Ross, 223, Bethnal Green Road. Mr. James G. Tanner, 27, Fuller Street. Mr. Jacob Turner, 7, Robert Street. Mrs. Hannah Willingsgale, 12, Old Ford Road. LEVERINGTON CHARITY. The 34 surviving qualified recipients of last year were elected recipients for this year. To make the number of 40 there were elected by ballot the persons following :— Mary Davies, 1, St. Ann Street. Ann Hill, 3, Surat Place. Susan Jones, 55, Cranbrook Street. Annie Reading, 19, Gloucester Street. Joseph Slade, 86, Roman Road. Caroline Watson, 29, Sale Street. SEWERS. In proceeding to lay the new 18-inch sewer in Spicer Street, mentioned in the last report, it appeared advisable to lay it at a two feet lower level than at first proposed. A new 18-inch pipe sewer has been laid in Satchwell Rents. Tenders were invited, and that of Mr. Finch, for £162 10s., was accepted. The Vestry have decided to lay a new 18-inch pipe sewer along Pollard Row, to the main sewer in Bethnal Green Road; but suggestions as to connecting the new sewer with the Metropolitan Board's sewer in Old Bethnal Green Road are under consideration by the officers of that Board. The object is to prevent the reflux from sewers, which sometimes arises in Barnet Grove and other places, from the Board's sewer in Old Bethnal Green Road being overcharged. The Vestry have also decided to lay a new 12-inch pipe sewer in Knottisford Street, to communicate with a new 18-inch pipe sewer to be laid in Morpeth Street, which is to discharge into the sewer in Green Street. FOOD AND DRUGS ACT. The Quarterly Reports of the Analyst for the year ended Lady-day, 1884, follow this Report. 30 OVERHEAD WIRES. The subject of wires stretched over public highways, without any control to ensure the safety and convenience of the public, has engaged the attention of the Vestry, in common with that of the other authorities in the Metropolis. It appears necessary there should bo efficient control over the companies and persons erecting the wires. At present it is uncertain what the law really is. Actions and proceedings to test it are ponding, but in all probability legislation on the subject will be found necessary. WATER SUPPLY. The Vestry agreed to concur in pressing upon the Government to take steps to limit the power of Water Companies to increase thenratings on increased New Assessments. With that view, a deputation from Vestries and District Boards of the Metropolis waited on the Home Secretary. He seems to have manifested no desire to assist. The Vestry petitioned the House of Commons in favour of a Bill, promoted by tho Corporation of the City of London, "To make provision for the supply of water by measure within the limits of the Metropolis, and certain places in the neighbourhood thereof, by the Companies authorised to supply water within such limits, to amend the Acts relating to the said Companies as to charges, dividends, and the issue of new capital, and for other purposes." It did not seem probable the Bill, as drawn, would pass, but it was considered capable of being so modified as to be a desirable, useful measure. However, the Bill did not get into committee, having been thrown out on tho second reading. Messrs. Abbott, Hilditch, Jacobs, Jones, Pickard, and Staines, have been appointed to attend a Conference, at St. Luke's Vestry Hall, of the Local Authorities in whose Districts the New River Company and the East London Waterworks Company have a monopoly of supply. The Vestry considered the judgment of the House of Lords in the case of Dobbs against the Grand Junction Waterworks Company, but it did not appear that it was open to them to take any steps respecting it. The broad principle laid down by the judgment is, that annual value means net, not gross annual value ; or to put it popularly, means that amount which a person receiving rent would have left to spend after payment of rates and taxes, and providing for cost of repairs and 31 insurance. It does not follow that the net annual value is the rateable value, as determined by the rating authorities; but the magistrates generally seem to regard the rateable value as prima facie evidence of what the net annual value is. ARTIZANS' AND LABOURERS' DWELLINGS IMPROVEMENT ACTS. UNHEALTHY AREAS and HOUSES UNFIT FOR HUMAN OCCUPATION. In July, a letter from the Home Office urged the expediency of putting into early operation, wherever necessary, the provisions of the Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and suggesting tho Medical Officer should be directed to examine the district under his charge, and make official representation to the Metropolitan Board of Works concerning all such areas as he should consider to be unhealthy, with a view that the Metropolitan Board, if they should be of opinion that those areas ought to be dealt with under the above-mentioned Acts, might be able to make them the subject of independent schemes, to be confirmed by Parliament in the course of the next Session. On the suggestion of the Sanitary Committee, a Special Committee, consisting of the Members of the Works and Sanitary Committees, was appointed to confer with the Medical Officer as to the proposed representations. The Special Committee, after visiting various parts of the Parish, reported that though they found a large number of houses in an extremely unsatisfactory condition, they had come to the conclusion that there was no area which, if represented to the Metropolitan Board as an unhealthy area, would be deemed by that Board to come within the scope of the Acts. The Medical Officer concurred in the view of the Special Committee, whose report was adopted by the Vestry. The Medical Officer presented a report under the Acts of premises in a condition " dangerous to health so as to be unfit for human habitation." The report, which was lengthy, was printed, and a copy furnished to each Member of the Vestry. 32 The opinion of the "Vestry is that the powers they have are substantially sufficient, without having recourse to the costly and difficult proceedings (often entailing litigation) under the Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Acts. MISCELLANEOUS. Petitions have been presented to both Houses of Parliament in favour of extending the provisions for the protection of young girls. The Vestry have refused to accede to applications for compensation for damage alleged to have been caused by the influx of sewage from a drain in Old Ford Eoad, and for damage to a horse and "trap," alleged to have arisen from a hole having sunk in the carriageway of Cyprus Street, and for injuries alleged to have been sustained by a young woman slipping off the kerb in Turin Street. A letter was received from the Vestry of Hampstead, protesting against any further expenditure of the ratepayers' money iu further contesting, in the Court of Law, the case about the Hampstead Hospital. A copy was also received of the reply of the Chairman of the Asylums' Board to the allegations and inferences of the Hampstead Vestry. The Vestry, after considering the letter and the reply, were of opinion that if the Hospital be carried on, on the lines laid down by the Royal Commission, there is no reason why it should be closed, and that it ought to be kept open, and decided that the Asylums' Board and the Vestry of Hampstead be informed accordingly. A urinal has been erected under the railway bridge crossing Wheeler Street. The steam roller was sent to the makers to be repaired at an estimated cost of £68. In March, Mr. William Eichardson, who had been a Member of the Vestry for many years, died. Mr. Gathercole, the late Surveyor, left (as had been previously arranged) on tho 25th March, 1884. ROBERT VOSS, Vestry Clerk. SALE OF FOOD AND DRUGS ACT. QUARTERLY REPORTS OF THE PUBLIC ANALYST FOR THE YEAR ENDING MARCH, 1884. For the Quarter ending 24th June, 1883. Article submitted tor Analysis. State whether the Sample was submitted to the Analyst by an Officer acting under the direction of a Local Authority, under Section 13 of Act, and if so, the name of such Authority. Result of Analysis, shewing whether the Sample was Genuine or Adulterated, and, if Adulterated, what were the nature and extent of the Adulteration. The sum due in respect of the Analysis. OBSERVATIONS. £ s. Milk, No. 1/12 Inspector for Vestry Contained 8 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 1/13 „ „ Genuine ........ 1 1 Of poor quality. „ 1/14 „ „ Contained 24 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 30s. and costs. „ 1/15 „ „ Genuine 1 1 Very good sample. „ 1/16 „ „ Genuine 1 1 „ 3/12 „ „ Contained 8 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. Butter,No.1/13 „ „ Genuine 1 1 Somewhat rancid. Milk, No. 3/14 „ „ Contained 15 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 30s. and costs. „ 3/15 „ „ Genuine 1 1 „ 3/16 „ „ Contained 10 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 20s. and costs. „ 3/17 „ „ Genuine 1 1 Total number of Samples Analysed during the Quarter, 11. Total number of Samples Adulterated, 5. Signed, Alfred W. Stokes, Public Analyst—July 10th, 1883. For the Quarter ending 29th September, 1883. £ s. Milk, No. 1/18 Inspector for Vestry Genuine 1 1 Of poor quality. 1/20 ff ff Contained 20 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor lined £2 and costs. 3/18 ff ff Genuine 1 1 A very good sample. Total Number of Samples Analysed during the Quarter, 3. Total number of Samples Adulterated, 1. Signed, Alfred W.Stokes, Public Analyst—October 15th, 1884. For the Quarter ending 25th December, 1883. Article submitted for Analysis. State whether the Sample was submitted to the Analyst by an Officer acting under the direction of a Local Authority, under Section 13 of Act, and if so, the name of such Authority. Result of Analysis, shewing whether the Sample was Genuine or Adulterated, and, if Adulterated, what were the nature and extent of the Adulteration. The sum due in respect of the Analysis. OBSERVATIONS. £ s. Milk, No. 1/21 Inspector for Vestry Contained 13 per cent. of added water 1 1 The vendor was prosecuted and fined £1 10s. „ 1/22 „ „ Genuine 1 1 A fair sample. „ 1/23 „ „ Contained 33 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor fined £4. „ 1/24 „ „ Genuine 1 1 Of unusually good quality. „ 1/25 „ „ Contained 8 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 1/26 „ „ Contained 50 per cent. of added water, and 20 grains of common salt per pint 1 1 Vendor fined £5. „ 1/27 „ „ Contained 19 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor fined £2. „ 1/28 „ „ Genuine 1 1 A very good sample. „ 1/29 „ „ Genuine 1 1 „ 3/19 „ „ Contained 22 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor fined £3. „ 3/20 „ „ Contained 17 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor fined £2. „ 3/21 „ „ Contained 7 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 3/22 „ „ Genuine 1 1 „ 3/23 „ „ Contained 25 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor fined £4. Total number of Samples Analysed during the Quarter, 14. Total number of Samples Adulterated, 9. Signed, Alfred W. Stokes, Public Analyst.—January, 1884. For the Quarter ending 25th March, 1884. Article submitted for Analysis. State whether the Sample was submitted to the Analyst by an Officer acting under the direction of a Local Authority, under Section 13 of Act, and if so, the name of such Authority. Result of Analysis, shewing whether the Sample was Genuine or Adulterated, and, if Adulterated, what were the nature and extent of the Adulteration. The sum due in respect of the Analysis. OBSERVATIONS. Milk, No. 1/31 Inspector for Vestry Genuine 1 1 Of poor quality. „ 1/32 „ „ Contained 33 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 20s., with 2s. costs. „ 1/33 „ „ Contained 9 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 1/34 „ „ All the cream skimmed off, and 28 per cent. of water added 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined £10, with 2s. costs. „ 2/1 „ „ Contained 19 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 7s. „ 2/2 „ „ Contained 6 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 2/3 „ „ Contained 7 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 2/4 „ „ Contained 20 per cent, of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 7s. „ 2/5 „ „ Genuine 1 1 An excellent sample. „ 3/31 „ „ Genuine 1 1 Average quality. „ 3/32 „ „ Genuine 1 1 A rich milk. „ 2/6 „ „ Contained 24 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 42s., with costs. „ 3/33 9f Jf Genuine 1 1 Very good quality. „ 3/34 „ „ Contained 8 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor cautioned. „ 3/35 „ „ Contained 36 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 20s., with 2s. costs. „ 3/36 „ „ Contained 40 per cent. of added water 1 1 Vendor prosecuted and fined 40s., with 2s. costs. Total number of Samples Analysed during the Quarter, 16. Total number of Samples Adulterated, 11. Signed, Alfred W. Stokes, Public Analyst—May l5th, 1884. REPORT on the Sanitary Condition and Vital Statistics of the parish of ST. MATTHEW, BETHNAL GREEN, DURING THE YEAR 1883, by GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D., Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh; Fellow of the Royal Microscopical Society; Vic-President of the Society of Medical Officers of Health ; Fellow and Member of Council of the Obstetrical Society of London ; and Medical Officer of Health for the Parish of Bethnal Green. London : Forsaith Brothers, Steam Printers, 320, Bethnal Green Road. 1884. Summary. 1882. 1883. Estimated Population of Bethnal Green 127,685 128,370 Made up as follows :— Young Children under 5 years 19,594 Adults between 5 and 60 100,680 Old People over 60 7,411 Area—755 Acres. Number of Inhabited Houses 17,739 Average Number of Persons to each House 7.21 Average Number of Persons to each Acre—Bethnal Green 169.51 Average Number of Persons to each Acre—London 52.5 Total Number of Deaths in the year 3,094 3,072 Total Number of Births in the year 5,256 5,310 Marriage Rate—Bethnal Green 20.33 20.27 Marriage Rate—London 18.2 17.8 Death Rate—Bethnal Green 24.23 23.93 Death Rate—London 21.4 20.4 Birth Rate—Bethnal Green 41.16 41.37 Birth Rate—London 34.3 33.90 (853) Infantile Death Rate (on Births)—Bethnal Green Infantile Death Rate (on Births) —London 168.5 — 162.44 (1576) Young Children's Death Rate (estimated number of Children under 5 years of age) 82.7 — 80.43 (525) Old People's Death Rate (estimated number of persons over 60 years of age) — 70.83 Zymotic Death Rate 4.47 3.71 Snnopsis of MEDICAL OFFICER'S ANNUAL REPORT, 1883. page Population 1 Births and Deaths 7 Annual Death Rate 8 Births and Birth Rate 9 Marriages 9 Deaths of Infants 10 Deaths of Young Children 10 Special Causes of Death— Summary of Table III. 11 Specific Febrile or Zymotic Diseases 11 The Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases 12 Small Pox 13 Scarlet Fever 13 Fevers 13 Diphtheria 14 Whooping Cough 15 Measles 15 Diarrhoea 15 Other Zymotic Diseases 16 Dietetic Diseases— Alcoholism 16 Privation 16 Constitutional Diseases 17 Tubercular Disease 17 Developmental Diseases 17 Diseases of the Nervous System 17 Respiratory Organs 17 Childbirth 19 Wasting Diseases of Infants 19 Inquests 19 Deaths in Public Institutions— Bethnal Green Infirmary 20 Queen Adelaide's Dispensary 20 City of London Hospital for Diseases of the Chest 20 Mildmay Mission Hospital 21 Bethnall House Lunatic Asylum 21 Pauper Illness 21 iv. Bakehouses 23 Cowsheds 27 Slaughter Houses 28 Courts and Alleys 29 The Hague Street Sewer 31 Legal Proceedings 32 Unsound Food 32 Public Mortuary 32 Water Supply 32 Bedding destroyed during the year 1883 35 Bedding purified during the year 1883 36 Disinfecting Apparatus 36 Appendix 51 Tables— I.—Shewing Population, Inhabited Houses, Births, Deaths, and Marriages for 1883 and ten years preceding II.—Annual Birth Kate, Rate of Mortality, Death Rate among Children, and Deaths in Public Institutions for the year 1883 and ten years preceding III.—Deaths registered at several groups of ages, from different causes, during the year 1883 IIIa.—Street List, shewing the locality of the Deaths, in three groups of Diseases, in the Parish, December, 1883 IV.—Shewing the Mortality from certain classes of Diseases, and proportions to Population, and to 1000 Deaths, 1883 V.—Shewing the number of Deaths from the Seven principal Zymotic Diseases, inclusive of Hospital Deaths, in the ten years, 1871 to 1880, and in the year 1883 VI.—Inspectors' Report of Sanitary Work, &c. VIII.—Analysis of the Mortality in London during the year 1883 IX.—Area, Population, Density, and Mortality in England and London . REPORT. Gentlemen, I propose to place before you in this Annual Report the Vital Statistics of the parish for the registration year 1883, which terminated on the Twenty-ninth day of December last. The Registrar General has only recently published his corrected Report on the Census enumeration of 1881, and as the Statistics in my last two annual Reports were based upon the figures given in the Preliminary Census Report, which have subsequently been found not to bo quite correct, I have found it necessary to recalculate the whole of tho Statistics for 1882, so that they shall compare quite fairly with those of 1883. Tho Census Report to which I have just alluded contains some most interesting information. From it I gather that in 1871 there were in Bethnal Green 15,899 inhabited houses, 441 houses were unoccupied, and 90 were in process of building. In 1881 the number of inhabited houses had increased to 16,606, in addition to these 619 were empty, and 58 new ones were building. These numbers, however, do not quite fairly shew the actual number of dwellings, as huge blocks, such as those of the Improved Industrial Dwellings Company, which have a common staircase and are really perpendicular streets, count as only single houses. The population of the parish comprised in 1871—120,104 persons, of whom 59,073 were males and 61,031 females. In 1881 these had increased to 126,961 persons, of whom 62,546 were males and 64,415 females. These were distributed in the various districts of the parish as under:— Registration Sub-District. Area in Statute Acres. HOUSES. POPULATION. 1871. 1881. Persons. Males. Females. Inhabited. Uninhabited. Building. Inhabited. Uninhabited. Building. 1871 1881. 1871. 1881. 1871. 1881. 1 —Hackney Road 141 4003 76 13 3774 110 13 29,822 29,738 14,944 14,689 14,878 15,049 2—Green 390 5574 193 56 6051 165 12 42,433 47,932 20,550 23,401 21,883 24,531 3—Church 131 3776 104 19 4399 239 5 26,577 29,981 12,994 14,796 13,583 15,185 4—Town 93 2546 68 2 2382 105 28 21,272 19.310 10,585 9,660 10,687 9,650 The Public Institutions of the parish contained the following number of inhabitants:— Registration Sub-District. Civil Parish. Name of Institution. Total number of Inmates, including Officers, &c. Number of Special Inmates such as Paupers, Patients, Lunatics, &c. Persons. Males. Females. Persons. Males. Females. Hackney Road Bethnal Green Mildmay Medical Mission Hospital 39 16 23 27 15 12 Green Bethnal Green Bethnal Green Workhouse 1220 640 580 1183 630 553 ,, ,, ,, City of London Hospital for Diseases of the Chest 133 51 82 105 47 58 ,, ,, ,, Bethnall House Lunatic Asylum 411 154 257 352 129 223 The number of rated householders was, in 1881, 14,813, and the rateable annual value of the property in the parish, £363,592. The age distribution was as under:— All Ages. Under 5 Years. 5- 10- 15- 20- 25- 30- 35- 40- 45- 50- 55- 60- 65- 70- 75- 80- 85- 90- 95- 100 and upwds. Persons. Males and Females. 125,961 M. 62,546 9731 8179 6778 6107 5658 5025 4413 3759 3312 2421 2194 1608 1389 864 610 337 129 28 4 — 7411 F. 64,415 9649 8072 6953 5996 5755 5279 4526 3753 3430 2710 2408 1834 1659 1006 741 399 178 49 15 3 The proportions of married, single, and widowed are shewn below :— Registration District. All Ages. Under 15 Years. 15- 20- 25- 35- 45- 55- 65 and upwards. BETHNAL GREEN: Unmarried M. 37,792 24,688 6060 3850 208l 613 275 143 82 F. 36,321 24,674 5731 2976 1651 570 353 226 140 Married M. 22,811 • • 46 1793 7226 6199 3996 2384 1167 F. 23,059 • • 265 2741 7828 5885 3635 1962 743 Widowed. M. 1943 • • 1 15 131 259 344 470 723 F. 5035 • • • • 38 326 728 1130 1305 1508 5 A table is appended which shews the nationality of the foreigners residing in the parish. For the sake of comparison I shew the neighbouring Parish of Whitechapel, which has a greater number of resident aliens than any other district in the metropolis. Most of the foreigners in Bethnal Green are Germans, these number 451; then come Poles, 197; and Dutch, 65; compare with these the enormous number of Poles, Germans, and Dutch in Whitechapel, the total population of which was in 1881 only 71,363 persons, little more than half that of Bethnal Green. A district containing inhabitants of such various nationalities must present great difficulties from a sanitary point of view. WHERE BORN. 16—BETHNAL GREEN. 17—WHITECHAPEL. Males. Females. Males. Females. Total 620 305 5,372 4,288 EUROPE. Russia 39 18 495 340 Poland(Russian) 117 80 2363 2095 Sweden 2 • • 34 5 Norway • • • • 27 2 Denmark 8 • • 17 2 Holland 40 25 965 885 Belgium 4 1 25 12 France 23 13 68 48 Germany 316 135 1070 735 Austria 10 2 129 74 Hungary 2 • • 16 5 Switzerland 2 1 10 5 Spain 1 4 • • 2 Portugal • • • • 6 3 Italy 21 • • 12 4 Greece • • t • 3 • • Servia • • • • • • • • Roumania 3 • • 2 • • Turkey 6 • • 4 3 ASIA. Arabia • • • • • • • • Persia • • • • • • • • China • • • • 2 • • Other Countries 1 • • • • • • AFRICA. Egypt • • • • • • • • Other parts 1 1 7 I AMERICA. United States 21 22 no OO Mexico • • • • 1 • • Brazil • • • • • • • • Other States 3 • • 1 I Country not stated • • 1 3 3 At Sea • • 1 2 3 6 The numbers of blind, deaf and dumb, and mentally deranged, residing in Bethnal Green, are shewn on the accompanying table Blind. Deaf and Dumb. Mentally Deranged. From Birth. Others. Total. Idiots. Lunatics. Total. 12 105 117 87 97 359 456 TABLE A. No. of Houses, Workshops, &c., in the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. DIVISIONS. COLLECTORS. Inhabited Houses. Workshops separate from Houses. Saw Mills and Timber Yards. Schools. REMARKS. East Ward W. I. Shenton. 5143 32 13 13 West Ward (North Division) H. Liebrecht 2630 49 10 4 West Ward (South Division) W. N. Eagles 1560 14 8 5 North Ward E. S. Smith 3020 18 21 4 Southward H. J. Bliss 5480 170 3 6 Total 1883 17833 283 55 32 Total 1882 17739 318 56 39 As will be seen by an examination of Table A, the particulars of which are kindly supplied by the rate collectors, we have this year 17,833 houses assessed. 7 The extent of the parish is 755 acres; about seventeen of which are water. There is an average population of 170 persons to the acre, and 7.2 inhabitants to each house. BIRTHS AND DEATHS. The number of deaths registered in the parish during the year was 3,060 against 3,094 last year, shewing a decrease of 34. This number, however, includes 142 non-parishioners who have died in Hospital in Bethnal Green; but as these persons contracted their illnesses elsewhere, and were only temporarily resident for purposes of treatment, their deaths are excluded. On the other hand I have received information from the General Register Office of the Deaths of 154 persons, who though usually resident in Bethnal Green had sought treatment for their diseases in Hospitals in various parts of the metropolis; these deaths must therefore be added, raising the nett total to 3,072. I may here remark that this is the first year it has been possible to make an exact statement of the number of deaths amongst the parishioners of Bethnal Green; for owing to the exertions of Mr. Shirley Murphy, the Medical Officer of Health for St. Pancras, arrangements have been made with the authorities of the General Register Office whereby monthly returns of the deaths of inhabitants of the various parishes in Hospitals all over London are regularly forwarded to the different Medical Officers of Health. I am able to use this information in preparing the monthly reports I make to the Vestry, thereby rendering them much more accurate. The births during the year were 5,310 against 5,256 in the preceding year. The excess of the births over the deaths was 2,238. This is 76 more than in the preceding year, as is shewn by the subjoined table. 8 TABLE B. 1882. 1883. Estimated population in the middle of the year 127,685 128,370 Total Births 5,256 5,310 Total Deaths 3,094 3,072 Excess of Births over Deaths, shewing the natural increase of the population 2,162 2,238 Below are the numbers of births, deaths, and marriages for the ten years, 1871 to 1880, the table also shews the excess of the births over the deaths in the ten years, and the increase in the population between the censuses of 1871 and 1881. Population. Registered in the 10 Years, 1871-80. Excess of Registered Births over Deaths, 1871-80. Increase of Population between the Censuses of 1871 and 1881. 1871. 1881. Marriages. Births. Deaths. 120,104 126,961 24,912 51,574 29,484 22,090 6857 ANNUAL DEATH RATE. Upon the basis of our estimated population wo shew a death rate for the year 1883 of 23.9; this is slightly below (0.3) that of the previous year; but is considerably above the general metropolitan rate, which was only 20.4; it is, however, below the rate for the Eastern Districts of London. The death rate in the western districts of the metropolis was 19.5; in the north, 19.1; in the central, 23.2; in the south, 19.4; and in the east, 24.1. As before mentioned the death rate for the whole of London was 20.4, and was the lowest ever recorded, as was also the marriage rate. The birth rate also was lower than in any of the twenty-two previous years; the year seems to have been one of low rates all round. In the following table are compared the mortality rates for London and for Bethnal Green by quarters. 9 TABLE C. London.* Bethnal Green. March Quarter 22.1 24.58 June „ 20.5 22.24 September „ 18.8 24.15 December „ 20.3 27.74 * See Table V. BIRTHS AND BIRTH RATE. The number of births registered during the year was 5,310, a rate of 41.37 per thousand population. The rate is a little higher than that of last year, and considerably above that of London, which was 33.9. As the mortality in the first year of life is always great, our high birth rate probably helps to keep up the death rate. MARRIAGES. In this parish there are fourteen churches, fifteen chapels, and one Register office licensed for marriages. Of these there were in the First quarter 537 Second 614 Third 676 Fourth 775 Total 2,602 This total indicates a marriage rate of 20.27 to every thousand persons, or, as in each marriage there are two contracting parties, 40.54 per thousand of our population enter the bonds of matrimony every year. Forty-one of these weddings were purely civil contracts, celebrated in the presence of the Registrar; twenty-two of them took place in chapels; and nineteen at the Registrar's office. 10 It is somewhat peculiar to note that for the past three years the total number of marriages celebrated in this parish has not varied, and as our population is increasing the marriage rate shews a constant diminution. The marriage rate for the whole of London was 17.8, and was the lowest on record. This is probably accounted for by the great depression which has existed in trade during the past year. DEATHS OF INFANTS. (Under One Year.) No less than 27.7 per cent. of the deaths from all causes were those of infants aged less than 12 months; for out of 5,310 children born, 853 died before reaching that age, only 4,457 surviving. This gives a death rate, calculated upon the births, of 162.4, or of G.6 per thousand population at all ages. The diseases most fatal to infants were—Atrophy and Debility, 187; Inflammatory Chest Diseases, 180; Convulsions, 95; Diseases of Drain, 76; Diarrhoea, 47; Consumption of Dowels, 42; Suffocation, 40; Measles, 26. The Registrar-Greneral, in noting the low mortality rate of London in 1883, remarks that a small share of the diminution must be attributed to the fact that the birth rate was so excessively low, so that the proportion of infants in the population was considerably below the average. The mortality of infants is always high, but in 1883 it was much lower than usual, as the deaths of infants in the first year of life were to the births in the proportion of 146 to 1,000, whereas the proportion in the preceding decennium was 155. DEATHS OF YOUNG- CHILDREN. As usual rather more than half the deaths (51.3 per cent.) were those of young children aged less than five years. Assuming that the proportion of young children to adults has remained constant since the census in 1881, the number in 1883 would be 19,594; upon this estimate as a basis, we shew a death rate of 80.43 per thousand children living. 11 SPECIAL CAUSES OF DEATH, SUMMARY OF TABLE III. No. of Deaths. Percentage on Total Deaths Mortality Rate on Population. Order. Classes I.—Specific Febrile, or Zymotic Diseases .. 506 16.46 3.94 1. Miasmatic Diseases 390 .. 12.70 3.03 2. Diarrhœal 87 .. 2.8 0.67 3. Malarial „ .. .. o.o 0.00 4. Zoogenous „ 1 .. 0.03 0.01 5. Venereal „ 14 .. 0.45 0.11 6. Septic „ 14 .. 0.45 0.11 II.—Parasitic Diseases .. 7 0.22 0.05 111.—Dietic Diseases .. 15 0.49 0.11 IV.—Constitutional Diseases .. 544 17.71 4.23 V.—Developmental Diseases .. 205 6.67 1.59 VI.—Local Diseases .. 1435 46.71 11.18 1. Diseases of Nervous System 344 .. 11.20 2.68 2. Diseases of Organs of Special Sense .. .. 0.00 0.00 3. Diseases of Circulatory System 124 .. 4.03 0.96 4. Diseases of Respiratory System 755 .. 24.58 5.88 5. Diseases of Digestive System 113 .. 3.67 0.88 b. Diseases of Lymphatic System 1 .. 0.03 0.01 7. Diseases of Gland-like Organs of Uncertain Use 0 .. 0.00 0.00 8. Diseases of Urinary System 61 .. 1.98 0.47 9. Diseases of Reproductive System 23 .. .. .. .. (a) Diseases of Organs of Generation 3 .. 0.09 0.02 (b) Diseases of Parturition 20 .. 0.65 o.15 10. Diseases of Bones and Joints 9 .. 0.29 0.07 11. Diseases of Integumentary System 5 .. 0.16 0.03 VII.—Violence .. 94 3.06 0.73 1. Accident or Negligence 77 .. 2.50 0.60 2. Homicide 2 .. 0.06 0.02 3. Suicide 15 .. 0.49 0.11 4. Execution .. .. 0.00 0.00 VIII.—Ill-defined and not specified Causes. .. 266 8.66 2.07 Total 3072 CLASS I.—SPECIFIC FEBRILE OR ZYMOTIC DISEASES. The total number of deaths referred to this class of diseases was 506; of winch 388 were those of young children under five years of age. Amongst these 114 occurred during the first year of life. Forty-seven were from Diarrhœa, and 26 from Measles. 12 THE SEVEN PRINCIPAL ZYMOTIC DISEASES. The deaths from the diseasos grouped under the two orders Miasmatic and Diarrhœal were 477, against 573 last year, a decrease of 96. The decennial average of Zymotic deaths for the ten years 1873 to 1882 was 537. (See Table V.) Table D shows in detail the mortality from the various diseases in these two orders contrasted with the preceding year. TABLE D. 1882. 1883. Small Pox 7 1 Measles 58 128 Scarlet Fever 138 174 Diphtheria 11 13 Whooping Cough 229 42 Typhus Fever 2 2 Enteric Fever 28 27 Simple Fever 4 3 Diarrhœa 88 81 Cholera 8 6 Totals 573 477 Of the total deaths from all causes, 15½ per cent. were referred to the diseases included in the above mentioned table, against 18½ per cent. in 1882. The death rate from Zymotic disease was 3.7 against 4.5 last year. The corresponding rates for London wore 2.7 in 1883, and 3.49 in 1882. In 1882, total deaths were 127,685, out of which 573 were Zymotic deaths. In l883, „ 128,370, „ 477 „ „ 685 more. 96 less than in 1882. 13 In the following table is shewn the per centage of each as compared with the total number of Zymotic deaths. TABLE F. Small Pox 0.20 per cent, or I in 477.0 deaths. Measles 26.83 ,, „ 3.72 „ Scarlatina 36.48 „ „ 2.74 „ Diphtheria 2.72 „ „ 36.68 „ Whooping Cough 8.80 „ „ 11.36 „ Typhus Fever 042 „ „ 238.50 „ Enteric Fever 5.66 „ „ 17.68 ,, Simple Fever 0.63 „ „ 159.0 „ Diarrhœa 18.24 „ „ 5.48 „ SMALL POX. (Decennial average, 40.6.) The number of cases of Small Pox reported to us during the year was 38; of these 31 were removed to Hospital, where one died. There was no death in the Parish. SCARLET FEVER. (Decennial average, 96.4.) This disease was prevalent and was more fatal than any other of the group under consideration; it caused 174 deaths; 36 more than last year; of these 28 died in Hospital, and the remainder at home. In September a case of scarlet fever occurred in Turville buildings. The patient, who was a girl about twelve years of age, was allowed by her mother to run about the court. In consequence of this the disease was communicated to several other children, one of whom died. The mother was summoned to Worship Street, where she was fined forty shillings and two shillings costs, or fourteen days' imprisonment. She went to prison in default. FEVERS. ( Decennial average, 49.7.) The various forms of continued fever were reponsible for 32 deaths, made up as follows: Typhus two (one at home and the other in hospital), Enteric Fever, 28 (20 at home, 8 in hospital), Simple 14 Fever 2, both at their own homos; 439 cases of the various forms of Fever, including Scarlet Fever, were reported to us; 167 were removed to hospital; 29 died; 123 recovered, and 33 remained under treatment to the end of the year. (The number of cases remaining under treatment in Hospital at the end of the year 1882 was thirty). Report of Cases admitted into Fever Hospitals during the year 1882. Hospitals. No. of Cases remaining at end of 1882. No. of Cases admitted. Died. Discharged. No. of Cases remaining at end of 1883. Deptford 6 5 1 8 2 Homerton 23 162 28 114 31 Stockwell 1 0 0 1 0 Totals 30 167 29 123 33 Report of cases admitted into Small Pox Hospitals during the year 1882. Hospitals. No. of Cases remaining at end of 1882. No. of Cases admitted. Died. Discharged. No. of Cases remaining at end of 1883. Deptford 3 1 0 4 0 Fulham 1 0 0 1 0 Ship Atlas 0 0 0 0 0 Homerton 1 35 2 21 13 Totals 5 36 2 26 13 DIPHTHERIA. (Decennial average, 8.1.) Thirteen deaths (all at home) wore registered from Diphtheria. In almost every instance the drainage arrangements of the houses were defective. A very common fault is that the stack pipes, which convey 15 the rain-water from the roof, are directly connected with the drain at the foot. Occasionally a syphon trap is interposed, but this is of little use, as in dry weather the water seal of the trap rapidly evaporates, and direct communication is established. The hopper heads of these stack pipes are frequently close to the tops of bedroom windows, and when these windows are opened, foul air from the drain is drawn into the room, to the manifest deterioration of the health of the sleeper, who wonders how it is that he wakes up in the morning unrefreshed, and suffering from headache and a foul tongue. Occasionally he gets a sore throat, and if the dose of poisonous air be strong enough, he may get Diphtheria. The remedy for this condition of things is very simple. The pipe should be cut off at the foot, and made to discharge over a syphon yard gulley, thus interposing an air break as well as a water seal between the rainwater pipe and the drain. WHOOPING COUGH. MEASLES. (Decennial average, 135.9.) (Decennial average, 90.) The number of 128 deaths was recorded from measles; indeed, this disease and Whooping Cough are usually by far the most fatal in the Zymotic group. Last year, however, the deaths from Whooping Cough were far below the average, as only 42 were registered. I believe that this low mortality was in part attributable to the mild winter; for excessively cold weather always aggravates the Bronchitis which accompanies Whooping Cough. In both these diseases we are almost powerless to check contagion, for in Measles the most infective period is the febrile stage, before the appearance of the rash, and therefore before the medical attendant is able to decide what is the nature of the illness; whilst in Whooping Cough the infective condition continues so long after subsidence of the acute symptoms that the child appears quite well and only suffers from occasional paroxysms of cough. The parents think the child is all right, and permit it to mix with other children, to whom the infection is frequently conveyed. DIARRHŒA. (Decennial average, 117.) The same equable temperature which, in the case of a mild winter, reduces the mortality from respiratory disease, brings down that from 16 diarrhoea in a cool summer, such as we experienced in 1883, and so that the number of deaths from bowel disorders last year was far below the average; and diarrhceal diseases caused only 87 deaths. Forty-nine of these were infants, aged less than one year; 27 were young children, between one and five; and the remaining nine were adults, OTHER ZYMOTIC DISEASES. One death was registered from Hydrophobia. A little child, two years of age, was bitten in the leg by a dog; two months afterwards symptoms of Hydrophobia developed, and the child died after a few days of great suffering. Fourteen deaths were recorded as from Syphilis, all except two being from the congenital form of this disease. DIETETIC DISEASES. ALCOHOLISM. Seven deaths were recorded under this head. In three the immediate cause was Delirium Tremens; and in four others, all certified by the Coroner, the fatal disease was either produced or its termination was accelerated by excessive drinking. Three of the cases were females, aged respectively 50, 59, and 67; one was that of a man aged 56. Death resulted in all these cases from effusion of blood on the brain, accelerated by excessive drinking, and in one, by falling about while drunk. If medical men were a little more plain spoken, and not so much afraid of offending the friends of the patients, this cause would appear on the register much more frequently than it does at present. PRIVATION. Six infants were unable to digest the artificial substitutes for the natural breast milk, and succumbed. One man died from Pneumonia, and another from congestion of the brain, in both cases the fatal termination was in the opinion of the Coroner's jury accelerated by want and destitution, 17 CONSTITUTIONAL DISEASES. Under this head 544 deaths were recorded; of these Cancer caused 58; the chief organs affected were Stomach and Intestines, thirteen; Uterus, ton; Liver, seven; Breast, eight. TUBERCULAR DISEASE. (Vide Table IV.) Under this head are included Phthisis, Scrofula, Tuberculosis, Rickets, & Tabes Mesenterica. The total number of deaths from this group was 423. Phthisis caused 3.34, in ten of these the immediate cause of death was Hœmorrhage from the lungs. The deaths from Tubercular diseases formed 13.7 per cent. of the mortality from all causes, a rate of 3.29 per thousand population. DEVELOPMENTAL DISEASES. Seventy-five children died through being prematurely born. In four the lungs never expanded, and nine were so deformed as to be unable to live for more than a very limited period. Four had died from Spina Bifida (two were operated upon in the London Hospital). Four had diseased hearts, though one of these, a male, had lived to the age of 21 years. The deaths from natural decay were 117. DISEASES OF THE NERVOUS SYSTEM. Under this head are classed 344 deaths; of these no less than 125 were caused by Convulsions, and all except three were amongst young children, of whom ninety-four were infants. The convulsive diseases of infants, a group which includes those just mentioned, and also the deaths from hydrocephalus, infantile meningitis and dentition caused 153 deaths, 18 per cent. of the total infantile mortality, a rate of 29.1 per thousand births. RESPIRATORY ORGANS. Exclusive of Phthisis the deaths from this group of diseases were 705, about 23 per cent. of the total mortality from all causes, a death rate of 5.5 per thousand population. B 18 The following Table shows the Pulmonary deaths distributed over the four quarters, and also indicates the mean temperature and rainfall of each quarter and of the whole year. TABLE H. Quarter ending Children under five years Persons from five to fifty-five. Persons above fifty-five. Total. Mean Temperature. Rainfall in inches. March 107 45 82 234 40.0 5.47 June 106 26 49 l8l 52.9 4.76 September 75 19 19 113 59.7 6.27 December 135 45 47 227 45.1 5.48 Total, 1883 423 135 197 755 49.43 Mean Temperature for year 1883. 21.98 Total, 1882 323 145 197 655 49.60 MeanTemperature for year 1882. 25.16 As before remarked the weather during the year was very equable, January and February were unusually warm. In March there was some very cold weather with snow. April and the early part of May were cold and ungenial. Juno was a pleasant month. July was fine in the early part, but cold and unsettled at the end. August and September were warm and fine. October and November were cold with a few warm days at intervals. December was foggy at the early part, and unusualty warm at the end of the month. The highest temperature recorded during the year was 85.2 in June, and the lowest 23.4 in March. The mean temperature during the year was 49.43, practically the same as 1882. The rainfall was greatest in September (3.36 inches) and lowest in August (0.44 inches). The total rainfall during the year was about twenty-two inches, three inches less than in 1882. 19 CHILDBIRTH. Twenty-two women died from the various diseases and accidents of childbirth. Two of these deaths were caused by Puerperal Fever, three by Puerperal Convulsions; four by Hœmorrhage; and the remainder by exhaustion, Pyœmia, etc., following prolonged or difficult Parturition. WASTING DISEASES OF INFANTS. The deaths from diseases included in this group numbered 267, a mortality of 31.3 per cent. of the total infantile deaths, and a rate of 50.8 per thousand births. INQUESTS. The number of inquests held by the Coroner was 219, about seven per cent. of the total deaths; the number of deaths returned as violent was 94, about three per cent. of the total deaths. Seventyseven were from accident or negligence, two were homicide, and fifteen suicides. The two cases of homicide were a girl killed by a pistol shot carelessly fired, and a woman aged 39, whose skull was fractured in Bellhaven Street. The Coroner's jury brought in a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown, but the perpetrator of the crime has not yet been discovered. Of the fifteen suicides, seven men and one woman hanged themselves; four took poison, two strychnine, one carbolic acid, and one oxalic acid; the remaining three were cases of cut throat. Forty-seven persons were suffocated; all but seven were infants, aged less than twelve months; of these, one infant was choked by the contents of its feeding bottle, and another by a piece of crust. Fifteen deaths were uncertified; ten of these were returned by midwives as premature births, and three as convulsions. DEATHS IN PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS. The number of Institution deaths registered was 51G ; of these, 371 happened in the Workhouse (220 males, 151 females); 89 in the City London of Hospital for diseases of the chest, Victoria Park (63 males, 25 females); 37 in Bethnall House (16 males, 21 females); 19 in the Mildmay Mission Hospital (twelve males and seven females). 20 BETHNAL GREEN INFIRMARY. Quarter ending Admissions. Discharges. Deaths. Births. 25th March, 1883 515 468 96 26 24th June, 1883 517 505 103 20 29th September, 1883 505 442 92 20 25th December, 1883 493 352 86 19 Total 2030 1767 377 85 To the kindness of Dr. Knox I am indebted for these particulars. The admissions were thirty-seven in excess of the previous year. The cases were of a more severe character, as is shewn by the largo decrease (270) in the number of discharges, and by the increase (8) in the number of deaths. The births wore 15 in excess of last year, QUEEN ADELAIDE'S DISPENSARY. The Medical Report of this Charity gives the following results:— Patients under medical treatment at the commencement of 1883 1520 New patients admitted who have had advice and medicine gratis at the Dispensary or at their own homes 4113 Visited at their own homes 819 Have died 91 Still under medical treatment, January 1st, 1884 1257 CITY OF LONDON HOSPITAL FOR DISEASES OF THE CHEST. Medical Report for the year 1883:— Number of Patients treated in Hospital for 1883 887 Died 89 Relieved 798 21 MILDMAY MISSION HOSPITAL. Cases treated from October 1st, 1882, to September 30th, 1883. Cured. Relieved. Unrelieved. ! Dead. Under Treatment. Total. Medical Cases 127 39 11 19 16 212 Surgical Cases 95 14 4 3 6 122 Total 222 53 15 22 22 334 BETHNALL HOUSE LUNATIC ASYLUM. Return for 1883. Male. Female. Number of Patients, 1st January, 1883 139 225 Admitted during year 93 91 Discharged 72 58 Died 16 21 Number on 1st of January, 1884 144 237 Average resident during year 143 237 PAUPER ILLNESS. The following Return, extracted from the books of the District Medical Officers, shows the number of New Cases attended by them. District. Mar. 31. June 30. Sept. 30. Dec. 31. Dr. Berdoe No. 1 217 149 143 143 Dr. Welch No. 2 283 215 233 293 Dr. Schmidt No. 3 157 130 117 115 Mr. Defriez No. 4 114 75 142 101 Dr. Burgess No. 5 156 111 123 95 Mr. Owen No. 6 232 138 201 195 ST. MATTHEW, BETHNAL GREEN. SUMMARY of MEDICAL OFFICER'S CASES (No. 2 Medical District) attended during the Year ending Dec. 31, 1883. Dispensary, Guardians' Offices, Bishop's Road, Victoria Park. YEAR 1883. Cases. Men. Women. Children. Total. ATTENDANCE. Prescriptions. RESULT. At Dispensary. At Paupers' Homes. Total. Cured. Relieved Died. Discharged. Total. Quarter Ending MARCH 31st 283 88 128 67 283 424 1086 1510 1015 121 115 10 37 283 JUNE 30th 215 51 83 81 215 405 737 1141 612 90 60 10 55 215 SEPTEMBER 30th 233 53 93 87 233 399 930 1329 891 112 70 13 38 233 DECEMBER 31st 293 74 110 109 293 350 1646 1996 1221 146 80 14 53 293 TOTALS 1024 266 414 344 1024 1578 4401 5976 3739 469 325 47 183 1024 Number of Cases of EPIDEMIC SICKNESS reported to Medical Officer of Health:— Year 1883. Cases. Quarter ending March 31st 6 „ „ June 30th 4 „ „ September 30th 4 „ „ December 31st 36 Total 50 Signed, CHARLES WELCH, Medical Officer, No. 2 District. — 23 BAKEHOUSES. By section 17 of the Factory and Workshop Act, passed August 25th, 1883, it is directed that the provisions of sections 3, 33, 34, and 35 of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, shall, as regards retail bakehouses, be enforced by the local authority of the district in which the retail bakehouse is situated, and not by an inspector under the Factory and AVorkshop Act, 1878; for this purpose the Medical Officer of Health of the local authority is to have and exercise all such powers of entry, inspection, taking legal proceedings, and otherwise as an inspector under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878. Section 3 of the Act of 1878 directs that the bakehouse "shall be kept in a cleanly state, and free from effluvia arising from any drain, privy, or other nuisance," that it "shall not be overcrowded while work is carried on therein," and that "it shall be ventilated so as to render harmless all gases and dust" generated in the course of the manufacturing process. Sections 33 and 34 require "the periodical cleansing of the bakehouse." Section 35 requires "the proper separation from the bakehouse of any room on the same level used as a sleeping-place." By section 15 of the Act of 1883 it is provided, with regard to bakehouses occupied for the first time after the first day of June, 1883, that "no water-closet, earth-closet, privy, or ash-pit shall be within or communicate directly with the bakehouse;" that "any cistern for supplying water to the bake-house shall be separate and distinct from any cistern for supplying water to a water-closet; and that no drain or pipe for carrying off foecal or sewage matter shall have an opening within the bakehouse," Unfortunately, existing bakehouses where this condition of things obtains cannot be attacked under this section, but section 3 of the 1878 Act applies as quoted above; and section 16 gives power to the magistrate to fine the occupier of any bakehouse (whether the same was or was not so used before the passing of this Act), whose premises are in such a state as to be on sanitary grounds unfit for use as a bakehouse; and I should certainly consider that any bakehouse would be unfit for use when the regulations of section 15 were not complied with. 24 These Acts do not expressly authorize the making of regulations; but it was considered that much good would result should the Vestry give instructions for the proprietors of bakehouses to be supplied with a notice indicating the requirements of the Acts, and that such notice might most conveniently bo given in the form of regulations. Those wore accordingly issued in the following form:— REGULATIONS FOR BAKEHOUSES. (Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 and 1883). 1.—Every bakehouse shall be kept in a cleanly state, and free from effluvia arising from any drain, privy, water-closet, or other nuisance. The floors should be carefully swept at least once every 24 hours; the sweepings should be immediately placed in an impermeable covered receptacle, and should be removed from the Bakehouse at not longer intervals than every seven days. 2.—All the inside walls of the rooms of the bakehouse, and all the ceilings or tops of such rooms, and all the passages and staircases of the Bakehouse shall either be painted with oil, or varnished, or be lime-washed. Where painted with oil or varnished there shall be three coats of paint or varnish, and the paint or varnish shall be renewed once at least in every seven years, and shall be washed with hot water and soap once at least in every six months. Where lime-washed, the lime-washing shall be renewed once at least in every six months. The cleansing should be done in the months of April and October. 3.—The troughs and all the utensils used in the making of bread and pastry must be kept scrupulously clean. 4.—A place on the same level with the Bakehouse, and forming part of the same building, shall not be used as a sleeping-place — (a) Unless it is effectually separated from the bakehouse by a partition extending from the floor to the ceiling. (b) Unless there be an external glazed window of at least nine ficial feet of area, of which at the least four-and-a-half superficial feet are made to open for ventilation. 5.—No water-closet, earth-closet, privy, or ash-pit shall be within or communicate directly with the bakehouse. 6.—Any cistern for supplying water to the bakehouse shall be separate and distinct from any cistern for supplying water to a water-closet. 7.—No drain or pipe for carrying fœcal or sewage matter shall have an opening within the bakehouse, and every sink-waste, or other pipe used for carrying off surface water within the bakehouse, shall be efficiently trapped and, when practicable, shall be disconnected from any drain. 8.—Every bakehouse shall be efficiently lighted, shall be ventilated so as to render harmless all gases and dust, and it shall not be overcrowded while work is carried on therein. 9—The bakehouse should be used for the purposes of the trade only. 10.—No animal shall be kept in the bakehouse on any pretence whatever. 11.—No person suffering, or who has recently suffered, from any infectious disease, should be permitted to enter the bakehouse, or take any part in the manufacture or sale on the premises of bread, biscuits, or confectionery. 12.—The owner or occupier of a bakehouse should give immediate notice to the Medical Officer of Health of any case of infectious disease occurring on the same premises as the bakehouse. 25 PENALTIES. Every bakehouse in which there is a contravention of sections 3, 33, and 34 of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, which provides for the sanitary condition and cleansing of the bakehouse, shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the Act, and the occupier thereof is liable for default to a fine not exceeding Ten Pounds. The use of a bakehouse for sleeping purposes, or of a room on the same level as the bakehouse, insufficiently separated from it and insufficiently ventilated and lighted, is punishable under the 35th section of the same Act by a fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings for the first offence, and of a sum not exceeding Five Founds for every subsequent offence. An infringement of the 15th section of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1883, which prohibits— A direct communication between a water-closet, earth-closet, privy, or ashpit, with a bakehouse; The supply of water to a bakehouse from a cistern also supplying a watercloset; The opening into a bakehouse of a drain carrying off fœcal or sewage matter; is punishable by a fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, and a further fine not exceeding Five Shillings for every day during which the infringement is continued after a conviction. The whole of the bakehouses, 137 in number, were visited, carefully examined and reported upon to the Sanitary Committee; many of them were found to be dirty, tho drainage and water supply arrangements were defective, and the ventilation and lighting anything but satisfactory. The bread bakers were not the worst offenders; indeed, many of these bakeries were in a fairly good condition; but the premises in the occupation of pastry-cooks and confectioners were almost without exception in bad order. Many of the pastry-cooks are also eatinghouse keepers, and the underground premises in which the food consumed in the shop above is manipulated are often filthy ill-ventilated cellars, in many instances without windows and lighted by gas only. At first there was some doubt as to whether these eating-house keepers could be dealt with under the Acts. In part II. of the fourth schedule of the 1878 Act, the following occurs, "Bakehouses," that is to say any place in which are baked bread, biscuits, or confectionery, from the baking or selling of which a profit is derived," and again, "The expression retail bakehouse means any bakehouse or place the bread, biscuits, or confectionery baked in which are not sold wholesale but by retail in some shop or place occupied together with such bakehouse." 26 Now all these eating house keepers retail "Confectionery" in the shape of fruit tarts (which contain sugar, and are therefore confectionery). One eating-house keeper fought this point before the Magistrate at Worship Street, and contended that he was not subject to the operation of the Acts. The Magistrate, Mr. Hannay, after careful consideration hold that the definition quoted above did apply to such places, and fined the occupier for keeping his bakehouse in a dirty condition. After my report to the Sanitary Committee, ordinary sanitary notices wore served upon the occupiers to do cortain works and to make certain improvements. A reasonable time having elapsed, each Inspector again visited the bakehouses in his district, and reported those who had failed to comply with the terms of the notice. These I again examined, and finding them practically in tho same condition as when I last saw them, I felt it my duty to advise tho Sanitary Committee to take legal proceedings against the occupiers, and a number of summonses were takon out under the 34th section of tho Act of 1878. At the hearing of the first batch of cases before Mr. Ilannay, a point of some importance was raised. A Baker was summoned for having his bakehouse in a dirty condition at a certain date, his answer to the summons was that he had ceased to use the place, and that he did all his baking at another shop. Now, although we had seen the manufacture of bread in process upon these premises on previous occasions, yet as we could not prove that baking was actually going on upon the day tho man was charged with having his bakehouse dirty, the Magistrate hold that the summons must bo dismissed, as our proceedings wore takon, not under a Sanitary Act, but under a Workshop Act, which was for the protection of the work-people employed; and that if there were none of these at work there could be no offence committed against the Act. In the other cases small fines of from ten to twenty shillings were inflicted. Amongst the next lot of summonses several wero takon out under the 16th section of the Act of 1883 for using bakehouses unfit for use on sanitary grounds. Now this section is sufficiently vague, and I have no doubt that different magistrates will take very different views as to what conditions would bring the premises into "Such a state as to be on Sanitary Grounds unfit for use or occupation as a bakehouse." In each summons therefore I carefully 27 stated the conditions which rendered that particular bakehouse in my estimation unfit for use. These were chiefly defects of drainage, belltraps and such like, and for having the water supply of the bakehouse drawn from a closet cistern. In each case the Magistrate considered the offence proved and inflicted penalties; but though I pointed out to Mr. Hannay that he had power, in addition to inflicting a fine, to order means to be adopted by the occupier within the time named in the order for the purpose of removing the ground of complaint, he declined to do so, and said that if the offence was continued the defendants were to be brought before him again. In addition to these proceedings under the Workshops Act we carefully noted at our visits any sanitary defects existing in other parts of the premises, and among other things we found that very few of the bakehouses had any water supply to the closets used by the men, but as in every instance where this was the case the house had been built previously to the passing of the Metropolis Local Management Act in 1855, the Sanitary Committee have no authority to require this to be altered. A list of these premises was however prepared and sent up to the Vestry, with whom only rests the power of enforcing water supply to closets; by them the necessary resolution was passed and notices were served for the work to be done. In most instances this notice was complied with, but several had to be summoned to Worship Street before they would put water supply to their closets. COW-SHEDS. The whole of the thirty-nine cow-sheds in this parish have been kept under careful observation, they have in most instances been maintained in a fairly satisfactory condition. The drainage arrangements were defective in a few instance, and in several sheds the lime-washing had not been carried out to my satisfaction ; it was therefore necessary to oppose the renewal of the Licences at the Sessions in the following cases:— Howell Havard, 47, Columbia road. Robert Webb, Three Colt lane. Richard Mason, 3, Hassard street. These licences were adjourned; but as by the date of the next meeting of the Justices these sheds had been satisfactorily repaired, our opposition was withdrawn and the whole of the licences were granted. 28 The following is a complete list of the cow-slieds in the parish. seven were empty, and the remainder contained 361 cows against 422 last year. LICENSED COW HOUSES, Summary. Number of Licensed Cow Houses, 39. Number of Licensed Cow Houses empty, 7. Total number of Cows 361. Bailey, J Bogos Susannah Bunn, John Champness, Felix Champness, Felix and Horace Davis, Thomas Edwards, John Griffiths, Humphrey Griffiths, Maria Harrington, Thomas Havard, Howell Havard, Howell Hodges, W. M. James, W. T. James, Thomas Jenkins, Evan Jones, David Jones, Bros. Jones, Evan Jones, Thomas Jones, Daniel Lockyer, J. H Morris, Joseph Mason, Richard Moss, John Powell, John Powell, John Pritchard, John Robinson, D. E Robinson, D. E Richards, Mary Ann Rice, Edward Skinner, William Skinner, Frederick Ward, Joseph Williams, Willliam Williams, John Webb, Robert Wisby, Benjamin 56, Coventry street. 15, Norfolk street (Fellbrigg street.) 35, Lisbon street. Roman road. 5, Gloucester street. 100, Sclater street. 5A, Mount street. 8, Warley street. 23, Temple street. 12, Gibraltar walk. 47, Columbia road. 1, Gibraltar walk. 34B, Green street. 21, The Oval. 25, Pritchard's road. 32, Edward street. 45, Glo'ster street. 2, Seabright street Penelope House, Hamilton road. 5, Virginia row (road.) 204, Columbia road. 34, Minerva street. 8, James street, Hackney road. 3, Hassard street. 3, Essex street (Buckhurst street.) 64, Squirries street. Russia lane. 46, Somerford street. 44, Squirries street. William street. 381, Cambridge rord. 113, Coventry street. Wright's Wharf. 63, Bishop's road. 31, Austin street. 42, Cheshire street. 8. Boundary street. Three Colt lane. 81, Brady street. It will 1)0 noted that the names of some of the streets have been altered, but as this alteration is recent, in order to avoid confusion I have given the new name in parentheses. SLAUGHTER HOUSES. These, numbering twenty-two, have been frequently inspected. "With a few exceptions they have been kept in a cleanly condition, and our requirements as to paving and drainage in every instance having been complied with, 110 opposition was offered to the renewal of the licences. 29 A complete list is given below. LICENSED SLAUGHTER HOUSES. Ansell, J. G 125, Brick lane. Attwell, O. T. 278, Hackney road. Button, Edward 266, Hackney road. Dupuy, William 218, Green street. Goram, J. J. 515, Hackney road. Gregory, G. 291, Cambridge road. Harris, John William 479, Cambridge road. Kingston, A. 360, Bethnal Green road. Knight, Charles 145, Brick lane. Mason, E 416, Bethnal Green road. Mazengarb, G 47, Green street. Meadway, George 354, Bethnal Green road. Mercer, William 53, Green street. Perfect, J. 202, Hackney road. Pawsey, F. William 24, Roman road. Pollard, J 224, Bethnal Green road. Read, J 294, Bethnal Green road. Watson, William 470, Bethnal Green road. West, Frederick 397, Hackney road. Wragg, J. H. 274, Bethnal Green road. COURTS AND ALLEYS. In this district there are about sixty-seven courts and alleys that have either no thoroughfare, or are only sufficiently wide for foot passengers. Against the position of some of these there is not a word to be said, as the houses are fairly open both front and back; but many of them are courts with back-to-back houses built all round, and approached either by a narrow passage, or, worse still, by a covered entry. Twenty-seven of the courts are approached by these covered entries, and in eighteen the houses are built back to back, and without yards. When these two conditions are found together; that is to say, a court approached by a covered entry and the houses built back to back, anything like proper ventilation or lighting is impossible; such a court resembles the hold of a ship, and offers the same facility for the stagnation of the air, which cannot circulate. Under such conditions there can be no oxydation of effete matter, and no destruction of disease germs by nature's disinfectant. Add to this want of cleanliness and the almost universal overcrowding, and who can wonder at the pallid and prematurely aged appearance presented by the inhabitants of such places? The only really satisfactory way to deal with these courts would be to clear them away, for they can never be made healthy dwelling-places. 30 Unfortunately, however, those courts are so scattered over the parish as not to form an area sufficiently largo for tho Metropolitan Board of Works to take into consideration under the Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Acts, and the working of Torrens' Act seems to present such difficulties that tho Vestries are afraid to take proceedings under it, and tho individual members, being large ratepayers themselves, are more inclined to look upon a scheme of this kind from a financial rather than from a sanitary point of view. In September and October last, in accordance with instructions from the Home Office, I made a special examination of the district with a view to make a representation under some one of the Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Acts; the result of my observations was presented to the Vestry in the form of a report which will be found in tho Appendix; but as at the time this Report was presented the Vestry was about to appoint a new Surveyor, the consideration of the matter was allowed to stand over, and no special action has yet been taken in the direction pointed out in that report. Pending the action of the Vestry, the Sanitary Committee thought it advisable to take such steps as lay in its power to rectify some of the evils brought to light, and vigorous action was taken to compol the owners of property to put their houses into something like decent order. A large number of notices were served and an enormous amount of repairing and cleansing was done; the small landlords were evidently frightened by the popular outcry, and required much less spurring than usual. Some of the worst cases were taken before the magistrate at Worship Street, and orders were obtained to close premises as unfit for habitation. Rose Court has been closed, and has since been pulled down; 30, Old Nichol Street; 2 and 3, Maidstone Place; 1, 2, and New Turville Street; 8, 9, and 10, Mead Street were similarly dealt with, and Princes Court and Princes Place have also been pulled down. With respect to defective water supply accommodation in the courts, the Committee passed a resolution that they were of opinion that there should be a separate supply of water for each house which has a yard, and that in courts where the houses have no yards there should be one stand-pipe for every five houses. Most of the courts have at present only one stand-pipe, irrespective of the number of 31 houses. The present closet accommodation of these courts is extremely bad; there are in each court some three or more closets of th e ordinary type with long hopper pans, and without water supply. These olosets, being open, are used by any vagrants who may happen to wander into the court, and are nearly always in a filthy condition. Locks have been tried, but the people either lose the keys or forget to fasten the doors after use. The only practicable way would, in my opinion, be to remove all these closets, and to erect in each court a trough closet with as many stalls as there are at present ordinary closets; these trough closets should be fitted with some automatic flushing arrangement under lock and key, such as that which is the invention of Mr. Rogers Field. It should be the duty of some responsible person to pay daily visits to these closets, and see that they are kept clean and in working order. The ordinary small waste preventer is almost useless with long hopper pans, and moreover tho inhabitants of these courts are frequently so careless and destructive in their habits that they rapidly throw out of order any arrangement they can tamper with; and if the pipes be of lead, they soon get stolen for the value of the metal. In the matter of the ventilation of back-to-back houses, some improvement could be effected by insisting upon the erection of a lantern light in the roof over the staircase, and this should be constructed with louvred sides, some amount of ventilation would then be possible. I had hoped that with the help of the Surveyor we should get some of these structural alterations carried out in houses condemned under Torrens' Act where actual demolition was not considered necessary; but at present the matter remains in abeyance. THE HAGUE STREET SEWER. This has given a good deal of trouble, and has frequently been very offensive; the fall is from the Bethnal Green Road, and the sewer had until lately no communication with the one in the main road, so that a dead end was formed and ventilation was impossible; so offensive was this Sewer that last year all the ventilating openings were trapped by order of the Metropolitan Board of Works. This certainly bottled up the stink, but was, in my opinion, a mistake. A channel of communication has now been cut from Hague Street to the Bethnal Green Road Sewer, through which air can circulate, and the ventilation has been thereby much improved. 32 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Most of the cases taken to "Worship Street were for the removal of nuisances; they were of the ordinary character, and require no special comment. UNSOUND FOOD. In March a large quantity of soles were seized by Mr. W. W. Burrows at Columbia Market, where they were exposed for sale. The owner was summoned and fined five pounds, or a month's imprisonment in default; as defendant was unable to pay the fine, he went to prison. In August Mr. Lapworth seized three boxes of haddocks, two of gurnards, and one of plaice; these had been consigned to Columbia market, and were in a putrid condition. A quantity of tins of putrid salmon which were exposed for sale in the streets by a costermonger were seized by Mr. Lapworth and condemned by the magistrate at Worship Street. The seller was fined forty shillings. A large quantity of unsound fruit and vegetables were also seized by the inspectors; but as they were not on sale, no proceedings were taken. PUBLIC MORTUARY. One hundred and one bodies have found a temporary resting place within the walls of our mortuary. The repairs and alterations referred to in my last report have not yet been carried out, but will I trust be very shortly in progress. WATER SUPPLY. "The East London Water Company now gives a constant supply of water to 145,078 services. Filter Beds.—The filtering establishment of this Company is now complete. The well which was sunk some time since into the chalk at Walthamstow is being examined, and a new boring is being put down at Chingford with the view of obtaining an auxiliary supply of water from the chalk. The supply of this Company is drawn from the impoundingreservoirs at all times, and the intake is closed during floods. 33 This Company has agreed to allow the Grand Junction Waterworks Company to use a long section of its 36-inch Thames Supply-main extending from Isleworth Corner to Kew, and from Kew to Edgeware Road. The two Companies can thus supply each other's districts in case of emergency. The Board of Works for the Poplar District and the Walthamstow Local Board having drawn the attention of the Local Government Board to the circumstance that in the last cholera epidemic the advent of the disease into the east of London closely followed the distribution of unfiltered water from the River Lea, which had been drawn from certain reservoirs of the East London Water Works Company, situated at Old Ford, the following statement is published:— (a.) By reference to the East London Waterworks Company's Act of 1867 (30 & 31 Vict., cap. 149), certain works are mentioned in connection with this subject, especially in subsections 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. These works were all completed about 13 years ago. (b) No open reservoirs now exist at Old Ford, and the covered reservoir adjoining the Eiver Lea has been filled up, and there remains only one small covered well capable of retaining about 1½ hours' supply of water for use of the engines. This well receives the filtered water direct by means of cast-iron pipes from the filter wells at Lea Bridge, all open conduits having long since been discontinued. This Company is now assisting the Tottenham Local Board in their water supply, pending alterations which are being carried out in their works. On the 27th May a connection was made at the request of the Tottenham Local Board with the covered reservoir at their Tottenham pumping station, and water was run in from the Company's mains at the rate of 10,000 gallons an hour, which represented the full discharging capacity of the 4-inch pipes and meter. Water was at the same time pumped into the covered reservoir in small quantities from the Tottenham well. The mixed water is then pumped through the Tottenham rising-main during the day, and into the reservoir at night. The East London Company states that more than ordinary precautions are being taken in order that the Company's supply may not become, either in quality or quantity, deteriorated during the present summer and autumn. 34 The whole of the filter bod walls at Lea Bridge have boon theroughly cleansed and washed with hot lime. The banks of the River Lea above the Company's intakes are perambulated daily for several miles, in order to provent any noxious matter being thrown into the river, and for the prompt removal of anything objectionable that may bo discovered. The mains and services of the various districts have been theroughly scoured by the opening of the plugs, and this course will be continued. The East London Company has further extended its area of constant supply to almost the whole of its district within the metropolitan area, but states that the waste of water is so enormous that in one week recently the water pumped reached the enormous volume of 288 million gallons. The wilful waste of water in the lower levels prevents the high houses in the neighbourhood receiving as copious a supply in their upper cisterns as they otherwise would have. Wherever there is a constant service the Company will fix, on application by the local autherity, standpipes to enable the poorer classes to draw off the water direct from the mains. The water companies are not sanitary autherities, and cannot therefore compel their consumers to cover in and cleanse their cisterns. It cannot bo too strongly urged upon the public that all the precautions taken by the Companies are of little value if the pure wator be dolivered into a foul cistern. Tho Directors have always instructed their Enginoor to co-operate with the local autherities as far as it is possible so to do, in giving the best supply in the poor districts, and with this view a draw-off tap is recommended to be placod on the rising pipe to enable consumers to obtain wator direct from the main, but there is a general disinclination among the owners of the smaller houses in the East-end to do anything that will conduce to the health or well-being of their tenants if the vory slightest expenso is occasioned thereby." In this roport Sir Francis Bolton, the Water Examiner for the metropolis, remarks:— Waste-pipes from cisterns are still to be found which are in direct communication with drains, so that gases may flow back into the cisterns and become absorbed by the water. To prevent this an overflow-pipe should be brought outside each house and the end left exposed to the air instead of being carried into a drain, as is often the case. By the adoption of this plan poisonous effluvia and gases from drains will be got rid of, which would otherwise ascend through the pipe and not only be partly absorbed by the water in cisterns, but be mixed with the air in the houses, thereby becoming a cause of disease. 35 The attention of consumers has been drawn to the fact that, in houses supplied on the constant system, all danger of drinking stale or contaminated water from cisterns may readily be avoided if the following recommendation is carried into practice, viz., to attach a small draw-off tap to the communication-pipe which supplies the cistern from the main in the street, from which water may be drawn at any moment, day or night, direct from the works, thereby taking full advantage of any efforts made by the Companies to purify the water to the utmost extent. This water should be used for drinking and cooking, and the contents of cisterns made use of for washing, flushing, baths, &c. BEDDING DESTROYED DURING THE YEAR 1883. Quarter ending 25 th March. Beds 57 £ s. d. Bolsters 58 Pillows 121 Palliasses 35 Mattresses 6 Sofa Cushions 9 Number of Articles 286 41 16 6 Quarter ending 24th June. Beds 51 Bolsters 56 Pillows 84 Palliasses 25 Mattresses 1 Cushions 6 Number of Articles 223 34 13 3 Quarter ending 29th September. Beds 96 Bolsters 98 Pillows 152 Palliasse 45 Mattresses 2 Cushions 3 Number of Articles 396 64 7 9 Quarter ending 2 5 th December. Beds 118 Bolsters 120 Pillows 198 Palliasses 65 Mattresses 7 Cushions 3 Number of Articles 511 76 6 2 £217 3 8 36 BEDDING PURIFIED DURING THE YEAR 1883. NEW TICKS SUPPLIED WHERE NECESSARY. Quarter ending 30th March. Beds 5 £ s. d. Bolsters 2 Pillows 8 New Ticks 5 Number of Articles 20 3 7 11 Quarter ending 24th June. Beds 2 Pillows 1 Mattresses 1 New Ticks 3 Number of Articles 7 1 16 0 Quarter ending 30th September. Beds 2 Bolsters 2 Pillows 9 Mattresses 2 New Ticks 11 26 3 11 11 Quarter ending 31st December. Beds 18 Bolsters 8 Pillows 31 Mattresses 2 New Ticks 10 69 11 4 5 £20 0 3 DISINFECTING APPARATUS. The question, how to deal with, articles of clothing and bedding tainted with the infection of Small Pox, Fever, &c., has on several occasions been considered and most carefully discussed by the Sanitary Committee. As is well known to you, our present custom, one which has obtained for many years, is to destroy by fire all flock beds, bolsters, and 37 pillows, which have been used by persons suffering from Small Pox, Typhus, or Scarlet Fever. These articles we replace at the cost of the Vestry. Feather beds we send to Messrs. Blyth,* to be disinfected and purified. The expense of purifying feather beds and replacing common bedding amounted in 1878 to £221 9s. 6d., in 1879 to £117 4s. 0d., and in 1880 to £302 11s. 11d., in 1881 to £551 3s. 6d,, in 1882 to £255 3s. 8d., in 1883 to £237 3s. 11d. Now, there can be no doubt that the safest plan of dealing with clothes and bedding tainted with specific infective matter is that of cremation, as at present carried out. Fire is nature's great purifier, and our present method, though absolutely safe as far as it goes, has the great disadvantage of not being sufficiently thorough. We destroy merely the beds, and leave the remainder of the clothing, carpets, and curtains, to take their chance as carriers and distributors of infection. It is true we do something in the way of disinfection by burning sulphur in the rooms, and as this is the best, and indeed the only plan at my disposal, I invariably give directions for having it carried out; but I have grave doubts as to its efficacy, and regret to say that we find case after case of Small Pox recurring in houses where it has been most carefully done. Now, in place of burning clothes and bedding, there is, as is well known, a plan of baking them, and this practice is defended on the ground that the poison of Small Pox, &c., is destroyed by a heat a little above that of boiling water. It is now customary in all hospitals for infectious diseases, and in many Metropolitan parishes, to subject infected clothing, bedding, &c., to a temperature ranging between 240° and 260° F. in a close chamber, through which heated air or steam is made to pass. After remaining some hours at this temperature, the articles may be removed, and will be found free from power to infect. If desired, the air can be charged with some special germicide, such as sulphurous or carbolic acid, but this I do not consider at all necessary. The heat in apparatus of this kind may be produced in one of three ways: 1st, by means of gas burners, as in Dr. Ransome's; 2nd, by ordinary fuel in a furnace, as in Messrs. Frazer's; and 3rd, by superheated steam, as in Mr. Washington Lyon's. * Messrs. Blyth have intimated to us that, though willing to continue disinfection until we are otherwise suited, they wish to be relieved of the duty. 38 Each of these methods has its advantages, but none is unaccompanied by some drawback. A sample apparatus of each kind has been inspected and carefully examined while in operation by the Special Committee appointed for the purpose. A few years ago numerous experiments were made by Dr. Ransome (of Nottingham), and Dr. Seaton (of London), for the purpose of ascertaining the singeing point of various textile fabrics. The result of the experiments showed that almost all materials may be kept at a dry heat of 250° for two or three hours without risk of damage. Dr. Seaton showed, at a meeting of the Society of Medical Officers of Health, an hospital blanket which had been baked at this temperature thirty times, and which was in perfectly good condition. At a dry heat a little above this (255° or 260°) most fine fabrics begin to scorch, and if they are exposed for any length of time, they rapidly begin to change colour. If, however, super-heated steam be used instead of heated air, this temperature may be exceeded by ten degrees without damage. Two hundred and fifty, then, is probably the limit to which dry heat should be allowed to rise in the oven; but the infected articles should certainly be exposed to at least this temperature, which is just sufficient to destroy the poison of Small Pox or Fever. It will thus be seen that a very few degrees of heat make all the difference between scorching on the one hand, and inefficiency on the other. Now this delicate regulation is, with an ordinary furnace almost impossible, but it can easily be managed by means of gas; and the self-acting disinfecting stove of Dr. Eansome answers its purpose most admirably, as by an automatic arrangement the gas is turned off when the mercury registers a certain temperature; in fact, the mercury itself does the regulating; for, as it rises in a glass tube exposed to the heat of the oven, it gradually encroaches upon an opening through which the gas passes to the burners, and shuts off the supply. Inside the oven is another ingenious arrangement for the prevention of fire. It has occasionally happened that lucifer matches have been allowed to remain in the pockets of clothing submitted to disinfection, and that these have become ignited at the necessary temperature of 250°. Should this at any time happen, the temperature would thus immediately rise many degrees above 250°; and to provide against this accident, dampers, suspended by chains, are placed over both inlet and outlet, and one link of each chain is composed of fusible metal, an alloy of lead and bismuth, which melts at a temperature of 39 300°. Directly this temperature is reached, the chain breaks, both dampers fall, and the gas is turned off. Of course fire cannot go on in a close chamber, so that it rapidly dies out without extending boyond the articles first ignited. This apparatus is in use at the Fever Hospital. Tho authorities speak most highly of its performance. It requires very little attention. The infected articles are placed in the chamber over night, and allowed to remain until the morning. The chamber is 5 feet by 5 feet by 6 feet inside. Tho burners consume about 55 feet per hour, and the price of the apparatus delivered is £125. Messrs. Frazer's apparatus is the oldest and the most generally in use. It is perfectly efficient, if well managed and carefully watched. It consists of a brick or iron chamber, into which a truck, containing the infected articles, is run. The iron doors are then closed, a furnace at the side of the chamber is lighted, and the heat raised to about 250°. By an ingenious arrangement of flues, the hot air is kept circulating through the chamber, and before being allowed to escape, is led through the furnace and burnt, so as to destroy every germ of infeotion. Tho apparatus is no nuisance, and is perfectly safe if reasonable care be taken. It can be managed by an ordinary labourer, but it has a certain disadvantage, which is common to Frazer's and all others constructed upon similar principles. The efficacy of the whole process depends upon the care of the attendant in charge ; for unless he is constantly on tho watch while the disinfection is going on, the temperature rises too high, and the articles placed in the chamber get scorched. After allowing this to happen two or three times, and getting into trouble for it, the attendant finds the simplest plan is to keep the temperature low, and the process degenerates into a farce. I am told that articles have been returned to the owner as thoroughly disinfected by this apparatus in which lice and bugs still remained alive. Now, a temperature incapable of destroying these creatures would certainly not kill the infection of Small Pox. The expense of a suitable Frazer's oven for this parish would be about £150, exclusive of shed. The last and best process is that of high-pressure heated Steam. This is used in Mr. Washington Lyon's apparatus. The principle is that of introducing steam into a close chamber, under regulated pressure. The apparatus is made of iron (see illustration), shaped something like 40 an ordinary steam boiler, but having an outer casing or jacket, with a space between. Into this space steam is admitted at a pressure of 25 lbs. on the square inch, which corresponds to a temperature of about 264°. This is for the purpose of thoroughly drying and heating the chamber and its contents. The truck containing the articles to be disinfected is placed in the interior chamber, the large doors being opened for the purpose. These are then closed hermetically, steam is admitted, and the process of disinfection commences. The pressure is about 20 lbs., so that the steam must penetrate any mattress, bed, or article of furniture that may be under treatment, and the temperature of 260°, which is the heat of steam at that pressure, is rapidly communicated to articles in the Chamber. The form of apparatus shown the Special Committee, though upon the same principle as that shown on p. 7, varied somewhat in detail. Instead of doors at each end, closed by screw gear, a single hinged door, fastened by clamps, was used. The clamps have since been modified, and are worked by means of vice handles instead of spanners, thus much reducing the time required to open and close the doors This, though a considerably less expensive plan, requires more labour, and is used at Mr. Lyon's own works, as it suits his particular puposes better, and he has always plenty of help available. At the time of our visit a registering thermometer was placed in the centre of a hair mattress before the chamber was closed. After a few minutes the steam was shut off, but the thermometer at the top of the apparatus remained stationary at 260°; and this was due to the outside jacket, the great object of which is to prevent condensation of the steam within the chamber, for if such were to take place the articles placed therein for disinfection would become wetted and spoiled. After being thus treated for about half an hour, the steam was blown off, the chamber opened, and the goods removed. The thermometer placed in the centre of the mattress registered 259°. The difficulty experienced in bringing every portion of the objects to be disinfected to the temperature needful for purification in the old fashioned heated chamber, involves the employment of a dry heat often injurious to such of the materials as are subject to its influence. Bedding, Blankets, &c., are the highest out-comes of the ingenuity of man to check the circulation of heated air from one side of the fabric or object to the other. A hot bottle placed in a bed retains its heat for hours or days, and no one would expect to receive much or any sensible warmth on the outside of a bed containing such bottle, and yet in the gas or hot-air form of disinfecting oven generally used we expect heated air to penetrate every portion of the objects when they are all folded together. We expect it not only to dislodge the air entangled with them, but to part with its own sensible heat, and move away to allow fresh portions of heated air, to complete the process; we even employ the same gases, i.e., hot air and cold air, between which there must be but little Mr. Washigton Lyon has kindly furnished me with the accompanying perspective view of his apparatus, and also the particulars given on page 8. 42 diffusive power. No wonder, then, that disinfection is uncertain unless the initial temperature be raised to a point which injures the fabrics most exposed to its influence. Contrast this with the action ot Lyons' Patent Disinfecting Chamber. Suppose its contents to be one hundred cubic feet, and that it be charged with bedding, &c., the doors secured, and the steam admitted. The contained air, subject to a superior pressure, is compressed to one-half its volume, less the distension due to heat, so that there remain 50 cubic feet of compressed air, plus 50 cubic feet of steam commingled. The steam coming in contact with the objects which possess a temperature much below itself, instantly condenses upon them, parting with its latent heat, and this process is continued until all the objects accessible to any portion of steam are damped, and raised to a temperature due to the tension of the steam, viz., at 20 lbs., 2600 F. By the law of diffusion the steam commingles with the air, and the penetration is complete. If, instead of admitting steam, heated air had been employed, the effect would have been different in four respeots. First.—Moisture would have been absent. Second. There being no latent heat, to dispose of, the temperature could only have been raised to a mean between 60 and 260°, says to 160°. Third.—There could be little diffusion, and Fourth.—The penetration would be 6mall, for the air when introduced—say, between two fibres of wool—would give up its heat to them, and to the air about them which it had compressed, and would there remain; whereas, the steam would give up its latent heat by condensation, and make room for more live steam behind it. Hence Lyon's patent process is extremely rapid, for the heat penetrates completely in a few moments. Now, consider what happens when the pressure is withdrawn. All the objects are heated to 260°, and are all moist; in other words, are all associated with water raised to 260° and kept from evaporating by pressure. When the pressure is removed, the water, no longer restrained, evaporates, and the objects remain in an almost dry condition. Mr. Lyon, who has made very careful experiments, asserts that insect life is destroyed. The eggs of lice are subject to a much more severe treatment in the Lyon's Patent Disinfector than in simple boiling water. A human being may bear a hot bath of 105°, but he would die instantly if the temperature were raised 50°, or anything approaching it. These eggs, then, are not subject to 212°, but to 260°, and besides this to a pressure which is straining the walls of the egg. A gentleman who has studied this subject has a very interesting theory about these eggs: he considers their elliptical form may probably enable them to resist the collapsing pressure; but when they have been heated to 260°, the sudden removal of the 20 lbs. pressure will probably cause the eggs to burst from the expansion of the vapour generated within them. The apparatus is constructed of the best materials, and of the form most suitable for sustaining the required pressure. The articles to be disinfeeted are introduced into the chamber from one end, and in less than one hour's time are ready for removal at the other. The Disinfector is arranged with its ingress and egress ends opening into different apartments, between which there is no communication, save through the Machine itself, in order to prevent all possibility of contact between infected and disinfected articles, and the latter should not be distributed in the same vehicles, or by the same men that collect the former. Results obtained in Germany by Dr. Koch with super-heated steam, compared with the effect of hot air:— Temperature. Length of Experiment. Results. Action of Hot Air 266° F. to 284° F 4 hours Articles not fully disinfected. ,, Steam 194° F. to 221° F 3 hours Articles entirely disinfected. The experiments were made with a bundle of canvas in which was placed ordinary garden mould; this was entirely sterilized by steam, but not much affected by the hot air. 43 Various other experiments were also made with anthrax spores, garden earth, etc., and it was shewn satisfactorily that by means of super-heated steam a maximum temperature of 221° F. was needed to destroy life, whereas, when hot air was used, 284° F. even did not produce a satisfactory result. Three hours were sufficient to disinfect any ordinary bed or bedding-, but when the article to be disinfected was of special thickness an interrupted application of the heat was found to be useful. In these experiments super-heated, but not high-pressure, steam was used; with this latter one none would have been sufficient. Steam, also, does not damage articles so much as hot air; colours fade somewhat, but leather is really the only substance which will not bear exposure to steam. Dr. Koch concludes by saying that wherever disinfection by heat is possible, super-heated steam is to be preferred above all other methods of disinfection by heat. ! These particulars are extracted from the Report of the German Imperial Board of Health, vol. i., 1881. " The result of our experiments with hot air was as follows :— 1. "In hot air bacteria without spores do not survive a temperature of a little over 212° F.. if continued for an hour and a half, 2. " Spores of mould require an hour and a half at a temperature of 230° F. to 239° F. before being destroyed. 3. " Bacilli spores are only destroyed after three hours at a temperature of 284° F. 4. " Hot air penetrates so slowly into articles to be disinfected that after three to four hours, at a temperature of 284° F., articles of a moderate size, i.e., a small bundle of clothes or a pillow, are not disinfected. 5. " The heating of articles for three hours at a temperature of 284° F. damages them considerably. (Signed) " Dr. Robert Koch, "Dr. Gustav "Wolfhugel." This process of steaming or cooking must be more efficacious than dry heat; for there exist the three conditions which ensure the desired object, namely, heat, pressure, and moisture. Moreover, the process is so rapid that persons bringing their beds and clothing to be disinfected can have them done while they wait; and this is often a matter of considerable importance to persons possessing only one bed, which, if it had to remain in the apparatus a whole night, would put them to grave inconvenience. The Vestry of St. Mary, Rotherhithe, use this apparatus, and the Medical Officer, in his answer to my letter upon the subject, uses the following words:—I am thoroughly satisfied with the performance of the apparatus. My disinfection has been a marked success, both as to results and economy. With regard to other London parishes: in order to make this report as complete as possible, I have communicated with every Metropolitan Medical Officer of Health, and have made inquiries as to the means of disinfection in his parish. I have tabulated the answers: they are entered upon the schedule which accompanies this report, and I cannot refrain from taking this opportunity of publicly thanking those Medical Officers who kindly supplied me with so much valuable information. Parishes either in Possession of Disinfecting Apparatus or having the use of one. Medical Officer of Health. Parish. Description of Apparatus. Method of dealing with infected articles not worth sending to apparatus. REMARKS. R. M. Talbot, Esq Bow Frazer's Burn and compensate when people are very poor. ... Dr. J. S. Bristowe Camberwell Frazer's Ditto ... C. A. Patten, Esq Ealing Contract with a private firm. Ditto Medical Officer of Health is advising his Board to have Frazer's N. C. Collier, Esq Fulham Russell's, vapour of sulphurous acid, at temperature of 250°F., for three hours. Burn and do not compensate ... [apparatus H. N. pink, Esq Greenwich Hot air chamber, maker's name not stated. Burn and compensate ... Dr. J. W. Tripe Hackney Frazer's Burn with consent of owner, and, if poor, send a note to Relieving Officer, who usually replaces ... Dr. S. Gibson Holborn May & Son's Burn and compensate in some cases. ... Dr. C. M. Tidy Islington Contract with a private firm. [firm. Burn and give similar articles if people are poor. ... Dr. T. O. Dudfield Kensington Contract with a private Hot air chamber, maker's name not stated. Burn and never compensate ... A. Farr, Esq Lambeth Burn and compensate Medical Officer of Health prefers Frazer's apparatus to one in use. Dr. F. C. "Wilkinson Lewisham Gas Oven Ditto ... Dr. W. S. Saunders London (City) Leoni's Burn and compensate if paupers. Medical Officer of Health recommends Ransome's Disinfecting apparatus. Dr. W. T. Iliff Newington Nelson's Burn and compensate Medical Officer of Health states that it is difficult to avoid injuring the articles during process of disinfection in this apparatus. Dr. J. Stevenson paddington Contract with a private firm. Disinfect and never destroy anything. Medical Officer of Health not satisfied with simple disinfection; has F. M. Corner. Esq po??? ??? ??? ??? has been a marked success, both as to result and economy. Prof. W. H. Corfield St. George's, Hanover sq. Nelson's Burn, but do not compensate as a rule. ... Dr. T. H. Water worth St. George's, Southwark. Frazer's Burn and sometimes compensate if people are poor. ... S. It. Lovett, Esq. St. Giles', Bloomsbury Frazer's Burn at owner's request; never compensate. ... Dr. Pavy St. Luke's, Middlesex Hot air chamber, heated to 250°F., with burning sulphur Burn and compensate ... R. Bianchi, Esq. St. Saviour's, Southwark Hot air chamber, by Goodwin. Burn and compensate ... Dr. C. Evans Strand Frazer's Disinfect and never destroy anything ... G. A. Rogers, Esq Limehouse Leoni's Burn and compensate ... J. Liddle, Esq. Whitechapel Frazer's (improved) Burn when necessary ; sometimes compensate. ... G. D. P. Thomas, Esq. Willesden Contract with a private Burn, and if owner poor, compensate. ... Dr. F. Gwynn Hampstead Brick chamber, heated with hot air pipes Burn and never compensate. ... Dr. A. W. Barclay Chelsea Nelson's Burn and compensate Medical Officer of Health not satisfied with any apparatus yet seen. ... Wimbledon Disinfect by burning sulphur in close chamber by means of an asphyxiator Disinfect and never destroy anything. ... Dr. J. W. Griffith Clerkenwell Frazer's Disinfect and never destroy anything. ... Dr. W. Corner Mile End Frazer's (improved) Disinfect and never destroy anything. ... Dr. J. Edmunds St. James', Westminster. Frazer's(much modified) Burn; claim for compensation is considered if made. ... Dr. Wynter Blythe St. Marylebone Hot air chamber(maker's name not stated). Burn and compensate ... Dr. H. G. Sutton Shoreditch Leoni's Only burn when absolutely necessary. ... S. F. Murphy, Esq St. Pancras Frazer's Destroy and compensate ... Parishes not having a Disinfecting Apparatus. Medical Officer of Health. Parish. Method of Disinfection. Method of dealing with infected articles not worth disinfecting. REMARKS. W. H. Kempster, Esq. Battersea Fumigate with sulphur Burn worthless articles, and replace if people very poor ... Dr. J. Dixon Bermondsey Ditto Burn worthless articles, but are rarely asked to do so ... J. S. Burton, Esq. Lee Ditto Burn and replace ... Dr. J. J. Rygate St. George's East Ditto Ditto ... J. J. Skegg, Esq. St.Martin's-in-the-Fields Ditto Disinfect everything and destroy none ... Dr. J. N. vinen St. Olave, Southwark Ditto Burn and replace ... F. Argles, Esq. Wanstead Fumigate with carbolic acid and steam. Destroyed, except such goods as can be boiled; replaced at cost of Local Board ... Dr. Bate Bethnal Green Burn bedding, except feather beds, which are sent to a private firm. Destroyed and replaced ... Dr. Collingridge Port of London Fumigate with bisulphide of carbon. Burn, and never has been called on to compensate. ... Dr. W. C. Wise Plumstead Fumigate with sulphur Burn, and if people poor, compensate. Medical Officer of Health has frequently urged upon his Board the desirability of providing an apparatus; they declined to do so, objecting to the expense. B. Holt, Esq. Westminster Ditto Ditto ... ... Hornsey Fumigate with chlorine Burn and replace An apparatus is being constructed on Leoni's principle. Dr. G. E. Nicholas Wandsworth Burn everything Ditto A Frazer's apparatus at Putney. Surveyor does not consider any apparatus now made ins efficient. J. McDonogh, Esq. Clapham Fumigate with sulphur Destroy and compensate. ... T. Francis, Esq. Acton Ditto Burn, and, if people poor, compensate. ... Dr. F. F. Sutton Streatham ??? ??? ... 47 As will bo seen, no less than thirty parishes are provided with proper disinfecting apparatus, and five others contract with private firms at so much per hundredweight for all goods disinfected; the price paid varies from a pound to thirty shillings. Thirteen have Frazer's apparatus, but nearly all seem to have improved or modified it; thus showing that they were not satisfied with its performance as originally sent out. Four have Leoni's, which is a gas oven something like Ransome's, but without the automatic arrangement. Many parishes seem to disinfect all articles, and to burn nothing, except at the owner's request, when of course no compensation is paid. Others burn worthless articles, and sometimes compensate ; others destroy, and always compensate. Dr. Tripe, of Hackney, burns with the consent of the owners, and if they be poor, refers them to the Guardians for compensation. Paddington, Strand, and Wimbledon, never burn anything, no matter how bad, but pass the articles through the apparatus, and return to owner. Dr. Barclay, of Chelsea, has Nelson's apparatus : he is not satisfied with any he has yet seen. Dr. Iliff, of Newington, also has Nelson's: he complains that it is difficult to avoid injuring the articles during disinfection in this apparatus. Mr. Farr, of Lambeth, prefer's Frazer's to the one he has in use (name of maker not stated). Dr. Saunders (City of London), has Leoni's, but recommends Ransome's as being superior. Mr. Corner, of Poplar, has Fraser's apparatus. He considers that baths should be provided for the disinfection of persons as well as bedding and clothes. Sixteen parishes are unprovided with apparatus. Most of these use sulphur fumigation; one uses carbolic acid and steam; another chlorine gas. Mr. Skegg, of St. Martin's-in-the-Fields, disinfects everything with sulphur, and burns nothing. Most of the other parishes seem to destroy worthless articles, and if tho owners are poor, to compensate them. None of the Vestries, however, are anything like so liberal in this matter as Bethnal Green. Upon reviewing the whole of the evidence for and against, I am decidedly in favour of an apparatus, and while we are getting one we may as well have the best, and that is undoubtedly Lyon's. Since the publication of this Report in 1882, Lyon's Disinfector has been adopted by the Metropolitan Asylums' Board, by the Corporations of Glasgow, Rochdale, Salford, Newcastle, and South Shields. 48 A few days ago I visited the Small Pox Hospital Camp at Darenth, where two of Lyon's Disinfectors are at work, and I saw them used for the purification of huge quantities of infected bedding and clothing. The process was completed in about an hour, and the articles were taken out of the apparatus perfectly free from infection, and without injury to either colour or substance. All letters written by patients at the Camp are passed through the apparatus before they are allowed to be posted. So satisfied is the Asylums' Board with the working of these and the one on the "Atlas" ship, that two additional ones have been ordered. "A series of comprehensive tests were carried out some time since at Messrs. Lyon's works, by order of the Local Government Board, by Dr. H. Franklin Parsons, with the patent disinfector, in reference to an outbreak of small pox that occurred amongst the rag sorters at the St. Mary Cray Paper Mills, the object also being to see what precautions could be taken to prevent the spread of infection from rags. Dr. Parsons' report leaves no doubt that the epidemic was attributable to the rags, which it appears are sometimes of the most offensive character, being not only the cast-offs from poultices, etc., but in some instances containing undoubted appearances of human excrement. Dr. Parsons' view is strengthened by the fact that no concurrent outbreak of the disease occurred in the neighbourhood among persons unconnected with the mill. The report goes on to recommend that all rags should be disinfected before the process of sorting is carried out, since it has been clearly demonstrated that the danger lurks in this preliminary separation, which it appears must be done before any of the cleansing processes adopted by paper manufacturers are carried out. In reviewing the available modes of disinfection Dr. Parsons recommends that method applied in the form of high-pressure steam, as securing the rags against scorching, and of greatly shortening the time required for the penetration of heat; and he goes on to say that, from experiments he has made, it is practicable with steam at 15 lbs. pressure ( = 251° F.) to disinfect rags without unpacking the bales—an important advantage both as regards saving of labour and avoidance of risk. The texture of the rags is not injured; they would not be wetted to a serious extent by the steam, and the cost of the process would not exceed 2s. 2d. per ton of rags, even if it were necessary to erect special apparatus for the purpose. Mr. Lyon's appliance is the available one alluded to. But it is quite possible, and indeed is constantly done, to apply as much as 20 lbs. pressure ( = 261° F.) in the Lyon's disinfector without injury to the most delicate and even coloured fabrics. As it is well known that few textile articles will bear a dry heat of more than 250° F. without becoming scorched or singed, or, in other words, virtually destroyed, the advantages of disteams infection, where a so much higher temperature can be obtained, is of immense importance. We are glad to see that the Board of Trade, by the advice of Dr. Buchanan, Medical Officer to the Local Government Board, have issued further regulations with reference to ships having on board bales of rags exported from Egypt and consigned to this country. As it has been found that thousands of tons of rags are annually imported here from -Egypt, and that they are habitually dirty, it has been thought advisable to take exceptional precautions to prevent the introduction of cholera by means of them into English ports. In ordering disinfection, Dr. Buchanan says that bales of rags cannot be properly disinfected by the use of any powder, nor by gaseous sulphurous acid or chlorine; and after stating that they must be exposed to a heat of not less than 250° F. for two hours, says that the arrangment which gives greatest penetration of heat is the use of high-pressure steam, more especially if the pressure be from time to time relaxed, and re-applied so as to displace the air.' Here again the Lyon's Patent Disinfector is evidently alluded to, and the 'relaxing' system mentioned by Dr. Buchanan is one of the salient features of the machine."—Sanitary Record. Dr. Tatham, the Medical Officer of Health for Salford, in a private 49 ???etter to me, reports most favourably upon the apparatus, and in answer to my question as to which of the two patterns is the best, he says that he prefers the one shown in the illustration on page 7, which s the one he has in use in Salford, and gives the following reasons :— 1. The greater capacity of the machine enabling one to disinfect a nuch larger quantity of bedding at one operation. 2. The facility which the machine offers for the thorough separa???ion of infected from purified bedding, as this cannot be done at all satisfactorily in the old form (which was the pattern viewed by the Sanitary Committee at Mr. Lyon's works). Dr. Tatham considers this point so important as to far overbalance the additional expense and bulk of the machine. 3. The very substantial construction of the new machine, which is so heavy and solid in all its parts that it seems impossible to put it out of repair, or even to wear it out when once it is in good working order. The disadvantages are the cost (£250) and the necessity which exists of erecting a special building for its accommodation and a highpressure steam boiler to work it. Mr. Washington Lyon informs me that the two doors now open separately, and that the oval machines can be made with two doors, if required; he considers the oval shape the best for general use. Mr. Alderman Taylor, Chairman of the Sanitary Committee of the Corporation of Rochdale, says the Lyon's Disinfecting Apparatus fully answers our expectations; it has now been at work nearly three years. The machine has now had an extensive trial in many places and under various conditions; its performance has fully equalled the results promised by the inventor, and I trust the Vestry of Bethnal Green will shortly see its way to provide this very necessary apparatus. I believe it would pay for itself in the course of a few years, as we should avoid the cost of destroying and replacing infected bedding, and moreover, should be able to disinfect articles of clothing, &c., which are now allowed to remain and disseminate disease, as we can only fumigate them with sulphur, a process of the efficacy of which I am not at all satisfied. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, GEOEGE PADDOCK BATE. APPENDIX. St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. REPORT ON UNHEALTHY AREAS BY THE MEDICAL OFFICER OF HEALTH. 1883. LONDON: FORSAITH BROTHERS, Steam Printers, 329, Bethnal Green Road, E. 1883. Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green. REPORT Made by the Medical Officer of Health of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to the provisions of the "Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Act, 1868," and the Acts amending the same, as to premises in a condition dangerous to health, so as to be unfit for human habitation. To the Vestry of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex :— Gentlemen, In compliance with instructions contained in a communication from the Local Government Board, I have carefully examined the worst portions of the district under my charge, with a view to make a representation under the Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Acts. The first of these Acts was passed in 1868—it is generally known as Torrens's Act—and it requires the Medical Officer of Health to report to his Vestry such houses as he considers, from defective construction, dilapidation, or malposition to be unfit for human habitation. The Vestry is to refer this Report to a Surveyor, who in turn presents his Report upon what works are necessary to be done in order to make the houses habitable; or, if this be impossible, he advises demolition. The Vestry may now require the owners to do such works as may make the houses habitable, or pull them down. If the owner neglects to do this, the Vestry may close the premises and do the work themselves, obtaining an order from the Court of Quarter Sessions to make the cost of the work a charge on the premises. 4 The owner may, should he think fit, require the Vestry to purchase the condemned premises instead of doing the work himself, or he may fight the Vestry at Quarter Sessions upon the question as to the necessity for such works or such demolition as is required by the Surveyor. The Act has been several times amended, and the Medical Officer is now required to report upon, and the Yestry has power to require the removal of a building not in itself unhealthy if its situation is such that it is the cause of unhealthiness in surrounding buildings; and if such removal improves the value of the surrounding buildings, the increase may be charged on them; thus they, and not the rates, may have to pay the cost of removing the obstructive building. All expenses incurred by the Yestry in carrying out this Act aro to be defrayed out of a Special Local Rate, which is not to exceed twopence in the pound per annum. This Act, therefore, empowers the Yestry to deal with unsanitary houses in detail, but does not enable them to attack an unhealthy area. The next Act (Cross's) called "The Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Improvement Act," was passed in 1875. It passes over the Yestries and requires the Medical Officer of Health to make a representation direct to the Metropolitan Board of Works should he consider that any houses, courts, or alleys within a certain area are unfit for human habitation, or that diseases indicating a generally low condition of health amongst the population have been from time to time prevalent in a certain area, and that such prevalence may be reasonably attributed to the closeness, narrowness, and bad arrangement or bad condition of the streets and houses within such area, or to the want of light, air, ventilation, or proper conveniences. Upon receiving such a Eeport, the Metropolitan Board of Works takes it into consideration; and, if satisfied of its truth, may resolve that the area is unhealthy, and prepare a scheme for its improvement, the whole expenses of which fall upon the general Metropolitan Rate instead of, as under Torrens's Act, upon the local Eates. This scheme has to be confirmed provisionally by the Secretary of State, and subsequently the sanction of Parliament must be obtained. The Act has been twice amended, in 1879 and in 1882, chiefly in the direction of regulating the amount of purchase-money and compensation for compulsory sale. The arbitrator is now required to 5 ascertain whether premises proposed to be taken are in such a state as to be a nuisance; and if so, to estimate the cost of abating the nuisance (for which ordinarily the owner of the premises is liable) and to deduct such cost from the amount payable for the premises taken. So far as my examination has gone, I do not think that any representation I could make under the 1875 Act would be entertained by the Metropolitan Board of Works, as the unsanitary houses in this parish are scattered over a large area, and do not form blocks sufficiently large for that august body to deem worthy of taking into consideration for an improvement scheme. I am confirmed in this opinion by my friend, Mr. Lovett, Medical Officer of Health for St. Giles's, several of whose representations have been entertained by the Board, and Improvement Schemes carried out, and who therefore speaks with considerable authority. Mr. Lovett accompanied me round the district, and examined a large number of houses. The portions of the district I have examined and now report upon are shown in the accompanying plans, and they include nearly 2000 houses. I have visited and carefully examined almost every one of these houses, and I must confess that a condition of things has been thereby revealed to mo of which I had no previous conception, for I do nut think I visited a single house without finding some grave sanitary defect; in a very large number the walls of the staircases, passages, and rooms are black with filth; the ceilings are rotten and bulging, the walls damp and decayed, the roofs defective, and the ventilation and lighting most imperfect; this, in some instances, is due to the fact that, as the windows get smashed, the apertures are either stuffed with rags or plastered over with paper, instead of the glass being replaced. The dampness of the walls is, in some instances, due to defects in the roof, in others to the leaky condition or absence of proper spouting ; but in many the moisture rises from the earth, owing to the walls being constructed without any damp-proof course. A frequent cause of dampness is the improper position of the watertap ; this, instead of being placed against the yard wall, is frequently fixed against the back front of the house in order to save a few extra feet of piping, consequently the water splashed over in filling pails and the drippings from the tap keep the wall constantly wet. 6 Another cause is the defective condition of the yard paving: this is usually so bad as to allow the surface water to soak into the foundations. The original construction of many of the houses is extremely bad. In some of the courts the houses are built back to back; such premises can never be properly ventilated. In a large number of otherwise unobjectionable houses the only access to the closet and ash-bin is gained by descending some rickety steps, then passing through a cellar without either light, ventilation, or paving, and up some more steps into the yard. Some of these cellars are only about five feet high, and are used as receptacles for all sorts of abominable and worthless refuse. The consequence of this arrangement is that the inhabitants decline to use the yards and throw their slops and house refuse into the street, which is converted into an open sewer, thereby increasing the already unsanitary condition of the neighbourhood. Some of the houses were built when land was much cheaper than at present, and have large yards; the owners have utilised these by building workshops upon them. When placed too near the backs of the houses these buildings materially obstruct both light and ventilation; in other instances a very much more objectionable condition of things obtains, for dwelling-houses have been built and are occupied in some of these yards—the only means of obtaining aecess to them is by passing through the house in the main street. Most of these houses so situated are in very bad condition. The floors of many of the lower rooms are as much as eighteen inches below the level of the street. (This form of construction very much increases the difficulty of sweeping and cleansing the rooms); and where there are no cellars, the joists are frequently laid on the bare earth. In almost every house I visited I found the yard paving and surface drainage in a more or less defective condition, a quantity of black, foetid mud having accumulated between and underneath the loose brick ends of which this so-called paving is composed. Many of the sinks are badly placed, the opening is frequently above the level of the yard. Very few are provided with any form of trap except bell-traps, and the bells are usually absent. Numbers have five-hole sinks without any pretence of a trap; and where proper traps exist they are frequently so badly set as to be useless; 7 The closets are mostly ill-constructecd, dilapidated, and filthy in the extreme; they are, in almost every instance, fitted with the oldfashioned, straight-sided hopper-pan, which, even under most favourable circumstances is most difficult to keep clean: some of the "pans" are simply cement fnnnels without any trap. Not five per cent, of the closets have any water supply. In consequence of this the pans are encrusted with filth, and stink abominably. A few of the better-class houses have cisterns over the closets, from which the house supply is drawn: a most objectionable arrangement. In the whole of the district there is a constant service of good water, which is drawn from taps supplied, in most instances, direct from the mains without the intervention of cisterns. The water, therefore, with the exceptions mentioned, is plentiful, fairly pure, and is not contaminated by the foul air of these narrow courts and alleys. I believe this to be the explanation of the otherwise unaccountable fact that infectious fevers are less common here than in the more recentlybuilt portions of the parish, where the closet cisterns frequently provide the domestic water supply. In some of the courts the water supply, though otherwise good, is deficient in convenience, only one stand pipe being provided for each court. As a consequence of this, women have frequently some distance to walk in order to fetch water, and they have to wait their turn to draw it; this leads to economy in its use, less water is used for purposes of cleanliness, and less finds its way in the shape of slops down the closet. Additional stand pipes should be provided for most of these courts. Very few of the yards have properly constructed ash bins, and when these conveniences do exist they are usually dilapidated and overflowing with refuse. Now for the remedy : most of the houses in this unsanitary condition can be dealt with by putting in force the provisions of the Metropolis Local Management Act and the Nuisance Removal Act. Owners should be compelled to keep their property in better repair Proper water supply and water supply apparatus should be provided for all closets. The owners of houses, built subsequently to the passing of the Metropolis Local Management Act in 1855, are liable to a heavy fine for omitting to do this. But for houses built before this date the 8 owners can only be compelled to provide water supply to closets by a special resolution of the Vestry. Notices in accordance with, the provisions of these acts have already been served upon the owners of these houses, but some premises are in such a bad condition, or require such structural alteration as to preclude the possibility of efficiently dealing with them under the ordinary acts. I am of opinion that the following houses are in a condition dangerous to health so as to be unfit for human habitation, and should be dealt with under the provisions of the Artizans' and Labourers' Dwellings Acts, 1868:— No. 3, Old Nichol Street— The only entrance to the yard and closet of this house is by passing through a dark unventilated cellar beneath the house. Nos. 8, 9, 10, and 12, 13, 14, 15, Old Nichol Street— All in a similar condition, and are dilapidated. Nos. 1, 2, and 3, Maidstone Place— The houses are filthy and dilapidated and damp. No. 30, Old Nichol Street— This house is dilapidated, damp, and badly ventilated ; the rooms are low; the flooring of the lower rooms is eighteen inches below the level of the street. Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Devonshire Place— All these houses are dilapidated; the rooms are low, badly lighted, and ill-ventilated. House built in yard of 42, Old Nichol Street— Rooms small and low; no back ventilation; flooring of lower room dilapidated, and below level of yard. House built in yard of 44, Old Nichol Street; Two houses in rear of 46, Old Nichol Street— General dilapidation and defective ventilation. 9 Nos. 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, Old Nichol Street— General dilapidations. Nos. 65, 66, 67, Old Nicliol Street— Cellar entrances and general dilapidations. Turville Street: 3, 4; 5, C, 7; 42, 36, 35; 32, 31— All these houses have cellar entrances. No. 11, Turville Street— General dilapidation. New Nicliol Street: 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 6, 5, 4, 3, 36, 37, 38— All these houses have cellar entrances. New Street: 1, 2, 3; and Mead Street: Nos. 2 and 4— Flooring of lower rooms below level of street; ceilings low; rooms damp; houses dilapidated. Mead Street: 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, "46— Access to the yards of these houses is gained by descending some cellar steps, passing through a door, and again ascending some more steps; the top of the back door is level with the front door step. The houses are badly ventilated and dilapidated. Nos. 49, 47, 45, 43, 35, Mead Street— Have cellar entrances. Cross Street: Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5— These houses are damp; the flooring is below the level of the street, and they are dilapidated. Half Nicliol Street: No. 24—No proper light or ventilation. No. 4—General dilapidations. Nos, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, have cellar entrances. 10 Sherwood Place— Nos. 9 and 10 should be demolished as obstructive buildings. The back-to-back houses in Mount Square and Turville Buildings—namely, Nos. 2, 3, 5, 6, Turville Buildings, and 3, 4, 6, 9, Mount Square—should be treated in the same manner; also, the end walls between Turville Buildings and George Terrace should be thrown down—the proper lighting and ventilation of the remaining buildings could then be secured. The Mortuary belonging to the Mission Hospital, which is situated at the end of George Terrace, should also be removed. Mount street: 73, 74—These houses are badly ventilated and dilapidated. No. 1—Dilapidated. Nos. 1a and 2a have cellar entrances. Short Street, Half Nichol Street: 1, 2, 3, 4— These houses have cellar entrances and are dilapidated. New Street, Mount Street — The wall at the end of this street, dividing it from Newcastle Street, should be removed as an obstructive building. The sheds on the forecourts of 1, 2, 3, 4, New Street (South side) should be removed as obstructive buildings. No. 70, Virginia Road — W.C. and other conveniences situated in a badly-ventilated cellar, approached by a rotten step-ladder. The house is dilapidated. Virginia Road: 9, 11, 13, 15— Cellar entrances; houses old and rotten. 1, Gascoigne Place— No yard; W.C. and other conveniences in dark unpaved cellar; house dilapidated. 11 1, 3, 4, Austin Street— In same condition ; no back ventilation. Myring Place: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 — These houses have no back light or ventilation; the rooms are small and low. Collingwood Place: 2, 3, 4— Back-to-back houses; no proper light or ventilation; rooms small and low. Duke Street: 7 and 8; Princes Street: Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8— All these houses are dilapidated and damp. New Street; No. 1—In similar condition. Church Street: No. 9—Cellar entrance. Cumberland Place: Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16— These houses contain two rooms each; the measurements are about 6 ft. 6 in. high, 6 ft. 6 in. broad, and 10 ft. deep, giving a cubic capacity of about 400 ft., sufficient for one person only; yet each of these houses is inhabited by a family of six or seven people (including children). The houses are damp and dilapidated. Glo'ster Gardens: Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20— These houses are in about the same condition as those in Cumberland Place. The rooms are small and low, and the houses are dilapidated. Derbyshire Street: Nos. 11, 27, 29, 31, 33, 35, 37, 45, 59, 61, 63, 65, 69, 71, 75, 77, 79, 81 — These houses are all, more or less, damp and dilapidated; the flooring is laid upon the earth, and the cubic capacity of the 12 rooms is insufficient. At Nos. 57, 61, 63, 75, and 79, sheds have been erected on the forecourts, obstructing both light and ventilation. At No. 57 the bedroom (containing only 372 cubic feet), has no light or ventilation, except from a glass tile in the roof. The living room of this house contains only 563 cubic feet, yet a family of five persons, including children, occupies it. None of the houses have any back light or through ventilation. Grariby Row: Nos. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7 a— Houses containing one room, separated into two by a partition. The flooring is laid upon'the earth, and is below the level of the yard; they are damp and dilapidated, and the cubic capacity is insufficient. At Nos. 3 and 6, sheds have been erected on the forecourts, obstructing both light and ventilation. Thomas' Passage : Nos. 1, 2, 3, 7, 0, 5, 4, 4, 5, 6, 7, 11— Similar houses, and in like condition. Sheds have been built ovei the forecourts of Nos. 5 and 6, obstructing light and ventilation. The areas I have reported upon form only a small portion of the district under my charge, and, judging from the sample I have examined, I cannot but believe that I shall find other streets in almost as bad a condition as those just described. It must be borne in mind that many of the occupants of tenement property are careless and filthy in their habits, and in addition are very destructive; fittings put up one day are pulled down and destroyed the next; ash bin covers, closet doors, and even flooring boards share the same fate; the bedding and furniture belonging to such people is often swarming with vermin; their clothing and persons are rarely washed, and the horrible effluvium which pervades their dwellings is attributable quite as much to this cause as to the state of the houses; add to this the almost universal overcrowding, and who can wonder at the state of the rooms they inhabit. I feel that I am only stating the simple truth when I assert that, though a house inhabited by such tenants may be put in thorough repair, yet if we were to inspect it three months afterwards, we should 13 find the place in such, condition as to require a notice to be served upon the landlord. It is only by the constant inspection and re-inspection of property inhabited by tenants of this class that the houses can be kept in decent sanitary condition, and the 20th clause of the Sanitary Act, 1866, lays down that "It shall be the duty of the Nuisance Authority to make from time to time, either by itself or its officers, inspection of the district with a view to ascertain what nuisances exist calling for abatement under the powers of the Nuisance Removal Acts, and to enforce the provisions of the said Acts, in order to cause the abatement thereof." Additional powers for this purpose are given by the 35th section of the same Act, and the time has now arrived when that clause should be put in operation by an application from this Yestry to the Local Government Board for power to make regulations as to lodginghouses. This would, of course, entail periodical inspections to see that these regulations were carried out. Now the time at the disposal of your existing staff would not enable them to do this, and the Inspectors at present examine only those houses where cases of infectious disease are reported, together with such others as are brought under their notice by complaints of nuisances from medical men, clergymen, district visitors, and others. The duty of attending to these complaints, serving and following up the necessary notices, disinfecting after cases of infectious disease, the periodical inspection of trade premises, together with functions under the Food and Drugs' Acts and attendance at the police court, pretty well fill up their time. Notwithstanding this, I cannot too strongly urge upon the Yestry the absolute necessity for thoroughly carrying out the Act just quoted periodically and systematically. House to house visitation of the whole of the tenement houses in the parish should be instituted, and continued regularly; and, in order that this may be done, a reorganization of the Sanitary Department is necessary, and additional help should be provided. I hope I shall not be considered presumptuous if I sketch out the following plan:— 1st.—Mr. Burrows, Sen., to be relieved of his duties as Inspector of Nuisances for the No. 3 District, and be appointed Food Inspector and Disinfecting Officer for the whole parish. 14 2nd.—A new officer should be appointed for the district thus vacated. 3rd.—The Inspectors of the other districts should confine themselves to sanitary work and perform no duties under the Food and Drugs' Acts, and do no disinfections. 4th.—A Clerk should be appointed to attend at the office all day, who should keep the books, make out notices, receive complaints, and perform such other duties as may be required. 5th.—The three District Inspectors and the Clerk should be placed under the orders of your Medical Officer of Health; to perform such duties as he may direct, and report to him daily. Your Medical Officer would thus be head of his department and solely responsible to the Sanitary Committee for the condition of the parish, and for the manner in which the Inspectors perform their duties. If some such system as this were adopted, an enormous amount of work could be got through. Each Inspector would have his day's duty laid down for him, and would not beliable to be called away, and would not be required, as now, to spend half his time in making out and copying notices. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your most obedient Servant, GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, Medical Officer of Health for St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. November, 1883. [Ordered to be Printed December 16th, 1883]. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE I. Shewing the Population, Inhabited Houses, Births, Deaths, and Marriages, for the year 1883, and 10 years preceding. GROSS NUMBERS. The Year. Estimated Population. No. of Inhabited Houses. Marriages. Registered Births. Number of Deaths Registered. Deaths in Public Institutions. Total all Ages Under One Year. Under Five Years. 1883 128,370 2602 5310 3072 853 1576 516 1882 127,685 17,739 2602 5256 3094 886 1596 486 1881 127,006 17,739 2603 5237 3054 803 1504 515 1880 126,470 17,721 2463 5201 2883 850 1466 472 1879 125,790 17,475 2443 5246 3022 784 1438 526 1878 125,110 17,311 2438 5195 2951 787 1426 465 1877 1876 124,430 123,750 17,325 17,605 2438 2443 5169 5268 2886 2713 799 815 1428 1448 440 430 1875 123,070 17,945 †† 5255 3020 875 1390 410 1874 122,390 17,389 †† 5152 3142 860 1440 432 1873 121,610 16,000 †† 5050 3129 838 1566 424 Average of 10 years, 1873 to 1882 124,731 17,425 2490 5203 2989 830 1470 460 NOTES. 1. Population at census, 1881—126,961. 2. Area in Acres, 755. 3. Average number of persons in each house at census. *For statistical purposes the Registrar-General estimates the population to the middle of the year on the basis of the rate of increase ruling between the two preceding census periods. The estimate of population may be checked by the known number of inhabited houses, and by the average number of inmates per house, as ascertained at the preceding census. †† No information. TABLE III. (continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. AGES. Total under 5 years. Total. 0 to 1 1 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 and upwards I.—Zymotic Diseases (continued). Diphtheria 2 9 2 .. •• .. .. •• •• •• .. 11 13 Simple Continued Fever .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. 2 Enteric or Typhoid Fever •• 1 5 11 6 1 2 .. .. .. .. 1 27 Other Miasmatic Diseases 1 .. .. .. •• .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 2. Diarrhœl Diseases. Simple Cholera 2 2 .. .. 1 .. .. 1 •• .. .. 4 6 Diarrhœ, Dysentery 47 25 2 .. .. 1 .. 2 2 2 .. 72 81 3. Malarial Diseases. Remittent Fever .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• Ague .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• 4. Zoogenous Diseases. Cowpox and Vaccination .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• Other Diseases (e.g., Hydrophobia, Glanders) •• 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 5. Venereal Diseases. Syphillis 11 1 .. .. 1 .. .. 1 •• •• .. 12 14 Gonorrhœa, Stricture .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• 6. Septic Diseases. Erysipelas 3 2 .. .. 1 .. .. 1 2 •• .. 5 10 Pytemia, Septicœia .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 .. .. •• 2 Puerperal Fever •• •• .. 1 1 .. .. •• •• •• .. .. 2 II.—Parasitic Diseases. Thrush, and other Vegetable Parasitic Diseases 3 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 4 4 Worms, Hydatids, and other Animal Parasites .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. 3 III.—Dietic Diseases Want of Breast Milk, Starvation 5 1 .. •• .. 1 .. .. 1 •• .. 6 8 Scurvy .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• Chronic Alcoholism .. .. .. .. 3 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. 4 Delirium Tremens •• •• •• •• 1 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• 3 CAUSE OF DEATH. AGES. Total under 5 years. Total. 0 to 1 1 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 and upwards IV.—Constitutional Diseases. Rheumatic Fever, Rheumatism of the Heart .. •• 2 1 1 2 1 .. .. .. .. •• 7 Rheumatism •• •• 1 •• 1 1 .. 1 •• .. •• 4 Gout •• •• .. •• •• 1 •• •• 1 .. •• 2 Rickets .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. •• •• .. 1 1 Cancer, Malignant Disease .. •• 1 .. 3 7 9 25 9 4 .. .. 58 Tabes Mesenterica 4-2 22 4 .. •• •• •• •• .. •• 64 68 Tubercular Meningitis, Hydrocephalus 13 24 4 .. 1 1 •• .. .. •• .. 37 43 Phthisis 7 14 13 50 87 72 54 29 7 1 .. 21 334 Other forms of Tuberculosis, Scrofula 3 6 1 3 4 2 1 .. •• •• .. 9 20 Purpura, Hæmorrhagic Diathesis •• 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 Anaemia, Chlorosis, Leucocythæmia .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• .. Diabetes •• •• .. 3 •• •• 1 1 1 •• .. .. 6 Other Constitutional Diseases •• •• .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• •• V.—Developmental Diseases. Premature Birth 75 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 75 75 Atelectasis 4 .. •• •• •• •• •• •• .. .. .. 4 4 Congenital Malformations 7 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. •• 8 9 Old Age •• •• .. .. •• •• •• 4 34 56 23 •• 117 VI.—Local Diseases. I. Nervous System. Inflammation of Brain or Membranes 31 37 3 4 1 3 .. 2 2 1 •• 68 84 Apoplexy, Softening of Brain, Hemiphlegia, Brain Paralysis 1 •• 2 •• 5 6 15 29 26 23 3 1 110 Insanity, General Paralysis of the Insane .. .. 1 .. .. .. 3 2 •• •• •• 6 Epilepsy 1 .. 1 1 1 2 2 1 .. •• .. 1 9 Convulsions 93 27 3 .. .. .. .. .. .. •• .. 120 123 Laryngismus Stridulus (Spasm of Glottis) 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 2 Disease of Spinal Cord, Paraphlegia, Paralysis Agitans .. .. .. .. 1 1 .. 1 2 1 .. .. 6 Other Diseases of Nervous System .. 1 •• •• •• 2 •• 1 •• •• •• 1 4 TABLE III. (Continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. AGES. Total under 5 years. Total. 0 to 1 1 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to ** - 7o 75 to 85 85 and p wards VI.—Local Diseases (continued). 2. Organs of Special Sense. 3. Circulatory System. Pericarditis •• .. 1 2 .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. 4 Acute Endocarditis •• •• 2 1 .. 1 .. •• .. .. .. .. 4 Valvular Diseases of Heart •• •• 1 1 .. 3 3 3 1 .. .. .. 12 Other Diseases of Heart 1 1 4 14 9 13 21 12 13 11 1 2 100 Aneurism .. .. .. .. .. 1 •• .. .. .. .. .. 1 Embolism, Thrombosis .. .. .. 2 .. •• .. 1 .. .. .. .. 3 Other Diseases of Blood Vessels .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 4. Respiratory System. Laryngitis .. 7 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 7 9 Croup 6 38 6 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 44 50 Emphysema, Asthma .. .. .. .. .. 1 2 4 .. •• .. .. 7 Bronchitis 127 103 9 4 10 11 43 63 70 30 5 230 475 Pneumonia 52 82 7 9 6 10 8 7 9 1 .. 134 191 Pleurisy 1 4 .. 2 .. 2 1 2 1 .. .. 5 13 Other Diseases of Respiratory System 2 1 •• 1 .. •• .. 5 .. •• .. 3 10 5. Digestive System. Dentition 13 14 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 27 27 Sore Throat, Qninsy 1 .. .. .. •• .. •• •• •• .. .. 1 1 Diseases of Stomach 1 .. .. 2 •• .. 1 2 •• •• •• l 1 Enteritis 7 1 2 .. 1 1 .. .. .. 1 .. 8 13 Obstructive Diseases of Intestine 2 1 1 1 .. 2 2 1 1 .. 3 11 Peritonitis .. .. 2 .. 1 2 l 1 .. .. .. .. 7 Ascites .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• • • .. •• .. Cirrhosis of Liver .. .. .. .. 3 3 5 3 1 .. .. •• 15 Jaundice and other Diseases of Liver 3 .. 1 .. 4 5 6 9 3 .. .. 3 31 Other Diseases of Digestive System •• • • .. .. .. 1 1 .. •• .. •• •• 2 CAUSE OF DEATH. AGES. Total under 5 years. Total. 0 to 1 1 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 and upwards VI.—Local Diseases (continued). 6. Lymphatic System. Disease of Lymphatics and Spleen .. •• 1 .. .. .. •• •• .. 1 7. Bronchocele and Addison's Disease. 8. Urinary System. Nephritis •• 4 5 1 2 4 3 1 1 •• 4 21 Bright's Disease, Albuminuria .. 4 3 1 1 4 7 5 2 .. •• 4 27 Disease of Bladder or of Prostate •• .. .. •• 1 •• 1 2 1 5 •• •• 10 Other Diseases of the Urinary System •• .. .. •• •• •• •• •• .. 3 .. •• 3 9. Reproductive System. (a) Of Organs of Generation. Male Organs •• .. .. •• •• •• •• .. .. .. •• •• .. Female Organs •• .. •• •• 1 .. •• 2 •• •• •• •• 3 (b) Of Parturition. Abortion, Miscarriage •• •• •• •• 1 .. •• •• •• .. •• .. 1 Puerperal Convulsions .. .. .. 1 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Placenta prævia, Flooding .. .. .. 1 2 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 4 Other accident of childbirth .. .. .. 1 5 6 .. .. .. .. .. .. 12 10. Bones and Joints. Caries, Necrosis .. 1 •• 1 •• .. .. •• •• •• .. 1 2 Arthritis, Ostitis, Periostitis •• .. .. .. •• •• .. •• •• •• .. •• .. Other Diseases of Bones and Joints 1 1 2 1 •• .. 1 1 •• •• •• 2 7 11. Integumentary System. Carbuncle, Phlegmon 1 .. .. •• •• •• 2 •• 2 •• •• 1 5 Other Diseases of Integumentary System •• •• •• •• .. •• •• •• •• .. •• •• •• VII.—Violence. 1. Accident or Negligence. Fractures and Contusions •• 9 2 2 1 •• •• 1 3 2 •• 9 20 Gunshot Wounds •• •• .. •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• •• .. TABLE III. (Continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. AGES. Total under 5 years. Total. 0 to 1 1 to 5 5 15 to to 15 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 and upwards VII.—Violence (continued). .. .. .. •• •• .. .. •• •• •• .. •• •• Burn, Scald 1 3 •• •• •• •• 1 •• •• •• 4 5 Poison •• .. •• .. •• .. •• .. •• •• •• •• 1 Drowning •• .. 3 .. •• .. •• .. .. •• .. .. 4 Suffocation 40 5 1 .. •• .. 1 •• •• •• •• 45 47 Otherwise •• •• •• .. •• .. .. •• .. •• •• •• ... 2. Homicide. Manslaughter •• •• 1 .. •• •• .. •• •• .. •• •• 1 Murder •• .. .. .. •• 1 •• •• •• •• •• •• 1 3. Suicide. Gunshot Wounds .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• .. Cut, Stab •• .. .. .. 1 1 1 •• •• •• •• •• 3 Poison •• .. .. 1 .. 2 •• 1 •• •• •• •• 4 Drowning .. .. .. .. •• .. •• •• •• •• •• •• .. Hanging •• .. .. .. •• 1 4 2 1 .. •• •• 8 Otherwise •• .. .. .. •• •• •• •• •• •• .. •• .. VIII.—Ill-defined Causes. Dropsy •• 2 1 .. •• 1 1 2 1 •• .. 2 8 Debility, Atrophy, Inanition 187 30 4 .. 2 1 2 1 2 1 .. 217 230 Mortification 3 1 2 .. .. 1 .. .. 1 3 1 4 12 Tumour .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Abscess 2 .. .. .. 1 1 1 .. .. .. .. 2 5 Hæmorrhage 1 .. 1 .. 1 1 1 •• •• .. .. 1 5 Sudden Death (cause not ascertained) •• .. •• 1 •• 1 1 .. 1 .. .. •• 4 Causes not Specified or Ill-defined 1 .. .. .. .. .. 1 •• •• .. .. 1 2 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE III A. STREET LIST, Shewing the locality of the deaths, in three groups of diseases, in the Parish, December, 1883. Note.—The Deaths of Parishioners in Metropolitan Hospitals have been distributed according to the previous residence of the patient. GREEN DISTRICT. Name of Street. Zymotic Diseases. Tubercular and other Diseases of a low type. General Diseases. Total. Name of Street. Zymotic Diseases. Tubercular and other Diseases of a low type. General Diseases. Total. Ahingdon street 1 1 1 3 Chester place 0 0 3 3 Abingdon place 0 0 0 0 Chisenhale road 2 7 8 17 Albert road 0 1 1 2 Collins place 1 0 7 8 Alma road 4 4 8 16 Cordova road 0 0 8 8 Ames street 2 4 3 9 Cranbrook street 3 2 8 13 Antill road 0 2 2 4 Cranbrook road 0 0 1 1 Approach road 1 1 3 5 Conyer street 0 0 0 0 Ashwell road 0 2 2 4 Coventry street 0 5 11 16 Alfred place 0 0 1 1 Coventry place 0 0 2 2 Auckland road 4 5 4 13 2 Collingwood street 3 1 15 19 Baker street 1 0 1 Cyprus street 1 8 13 22 Bandon road 0 0 8 8 11 Cleveland street 0 2 4 6 Barnsley street 1 4 6 Cudworth street 0 4 7 11 Beulah cottages 0 0 1 1 Carlton place 0 0 1 1 Bellhaven street 0 2 5 7 23 Devonshire street 0 1 1 2 Bishop's road 0 3 20 Davis place 0 0 2 2 Bonner road 1 1 2 4 Craven buildings 0 0 2 2 Bonner lane 2 2 5 9 Darling row 0 1 3 4 Bonwell street 2 1 5 8 Digby street 0 1 5 6 Braemar street 2 1 3 6 Digby walk 0 0 0 0 Brierley street 0 2 0 2 Derby place 1 2 0 3 Bullard place 0 0 2 2 Ducket's canal 0 0 3 3 Burgoyne road 0 1 3 4 East street 1 1 1 3 Burnside street 1 1 3 5 Ellesmere road 1 2 10 13 Butler street 0 1 1 2 Essex street 0 0 4 4 Burnham square 0 1 0 1 Ely place 0 1 3 4 Birkbeck street 0 2 3 5 Ernest place 0 0 2 2 Cambridge road, all east side and west side, from Bethnal Green road to Whitechapel 10 14 26 50 East London place 0 2 1 3 Faith street 0 0 1 1 Flint's court 0 0 0 0 Gardners road 0 3 4 7 Gawber street 0 0 0 0 Charles court 0 0 1 1 Globe road 6 6 11 23 Chester street 2 4 4 10 Gore road 1 1 1 3 TABLE IIIa (continued). Glo'ster street 0 1 5 6 Palmer road 0 0 0 0 Green street 4 7 17 28 Park street 0 1 3 4 Garden place 0 0 2 2 Palestine place 0 0 0 0 Gernon road 1 0 2 3 Patriot square 0 1 3 4 George street 0 2 5 7 Peel grove 2 0 5 7 Grosvenor place 0 0 6 6 Pleasant place 0 1 1 2 Grove road 4 2 19 25 Preston street 1 1 4 6 Glass street 0 1 1 2 Primrose street 0 1 0 1 Hamilton road 3 5 6 14 Prospect terrace 0 3 3 6 Harrold street 1 0 4 5 Providence place 2 2 2 6 Hartley street 5 2 6 12 Peacock place 0 1 1 2 Havelock place 1 1 1 3 Paradise row 2 1 3 6 Helen's place 0 0 2 2 Robinson road 0 3 5 8 Huntslett street 1 0 3 4 Roman road 1 2 10 13 James street 1 0 2 3 Royal Victor place 0 I 0 I James court 0 0 0 0 Royston street 1 5 11 17 James place 0 1 0 1 Russia lane 8 2 9 19 Jane street 1 5 1 7 St. James's road 0 1 1 2 Jubilee place 0 0 2 2 Salisbury street 0 0 7 7 Kenilworth road 2 1 7 10 Sewardstone road E. 1 2 5 8 Knottisford street 1 2 3 6 Sewardstone road W. 1 1 5 7 Key street 0 1 8 9 Smart street 1 1 2 4 Key court 0 0 0 0 Stainsbury street 3 3 4 10 Lark row 1 3 6 10 Somerford street, from Collingwood street to Suffolk street 1 1 2 4 Lawfranc road 2 1 3 6 Lessada street 1 5 6 12 Letch ford place 0 0 0 0 Suffolk street 0 0 0 0 Lisbon street 0 3 9 12 Sugarloaf walk 0 1 2 3 Lambeth terrace 1 0 0 I Surat place 0 0 1 1 Mace street 0 0 6 6 Sydney street 1 0 13 14 Martha street 0 3 6 9 Tagg street 0 3 3 6 Martha court 0 1 1 2 Thoydon road 1 0 3 4 Medway road 1 2 2 6 Three Colts lane, south Medhurst road 0 1 1 2 side to Collingwood Monkford place 0 1 0 1 street, north side to Morpeth road 0 0 2 2 Violet street 1 1 7 9 Morpeth street 2 3 14 19 Thurlow place 1 2 6 9 Moss street 5 3 9 17 Totty street 0 1 2 3 Moss court 0 0 0 0 Tuscan street 0 0 4 4 Nelson place 0 0 1 1 Type street 0 2 3 5 Newport street 0 0 0 0 Trinity ground 0 0 3 3 North place 0 3 9 12 Vivian road 2 2 7 11 North passage 0 0 0 0 Violet row 0 1 0 1 Northampton street 0 6 5 11 Victoria Park square 1 2 3 6 Norton street 0 0 3 3 Walter street 0 0 0 0 Norfolk street 1 4 9 14 Warlev street 7 5 11 23 Old Ford road 2 8 39 49 Waterloo road 0 0 0 0 Octapon street 2 1 0 3 Waterloo place 0 0 1 1 Olga street 1 1 1 3 Wellington nlace o 0 4 4 Oxford street 0 0 2 2 Wennington road 1 1 1 3 Palm street 1 2 6 9 West st.. Green st 1 2 4 7 Parliament street 0 0 2 2 West st., Bishop's rd. 0 2 2 4 Parliament place 0 0 0 0 Wharncliff street 0 1 4 6 Parliament court 0 0 0 0 Workhouse 1 9 36 46 TABLE IIIa (continued). HACKNEY ROAD DISTRICT. ustin street 0 0 6 6 Georgina gardens 6 1 5 12 da. place 0 2 3 5 Globe passage 0 0 I 1 nn's place 3 2 7 12 Hackney road 5 7 22 34 ngela garden 1 0 0 1 Hill street 0 1 0 1 rcher street 0 0 1 1 Henrietta street 0 0 3 3 mos place 0 1 2 3 Hope street 3 2 8 13 bion buildings 0 1 1 2 Hare place 0 0 0 0 arnet grove 3 0 3 6 Hassard street 0 1 2 3 axendale street 2 4 9 15 Herat street 0 0 1 1 oundary place 1 0 7 8 Horatio street 2 0 1 3 aden place 0 0 1 1 Ironfoundry court 0 1 0 1 aker's rents 1 1 1 3 Ion square 3 2 4 9 ath prove 0 2 0 2 Inkhorn yard 0 0 1 1 urdett Buildings 0 1 0 1 James street 0 0 0 0 aroness road 3 1 3 7 King street 0 0 A 0 0 arm's place 0 1 1 2 King place 0 0 0 0 Cambridge circus 1 1 1 3 Kay street 0 0 2 2 Cambridge road, from Hackney road to Bridge—west side. 0 1 1 2 London street 0 0 1 1 Leopold buildings 0 2 4 6 Marian street 0 2 7 9 Castle street, New 1 2 4 7 Matilda street 1 2 4 7 Castle street, Old .. 0 1 6 7 Mead street 0 1 1 2 Catberine street 2 1 1 4 Minerva street 3 0 9 17 Centre Street 0 3 3 6 Marian square 0 4 4 8 Charles square 0 0 2 2 Maidstone place 0 0 2 2 Charles street 2 0 5 7 Margaret place 0 0 2 2 Chapel street 2 0 3 5 Aelson place 0 0 4 4 Clare street 2 0 3 5 New street 0 0 0 0 Claremont street 1 0 1 2 Nichol street, Old 2 8 1 24 ross st., Church St. 0 0 1 1 Nichol street, New 0 2 3 5 Cambridge Circus 1 0 2 3 Nichol street, Half 4 4 8 16 Castle court 0 0 0 0 Nichol's row 0 0 2 2 Castle square 0 1 0 1 Oval 0 1 9 10 Charlotte court 0 0 0 0 Old Bethnal Green road, from Teesdale street to Cambridge road 3 2 7 12 9 Charlotte buildings 0 1 1 2 Columbia square 2 0 6 8 Columbia road 7 5 20 32 Cooper's gardens 1 1 3 5 Providence place 1 0 1 2 Crescent place 5 3 7 15 Pritchard's road 1 0 7 8 Caroline gardens 0 0 0 0 Queen street 2 1 2 5 Cadell street 0 3 3 6 Quilter street 4 4 11 19 Collins place 0 0 0 0 Queen Caroline grdns. 0 0 0 0 Durant street 2 0 8 10 Ravenscroft street 2 1 4 7 Devonshire place 1 2 0 3 Short street 0 0 1 1 Diss street 1 0 5 6 Shipton street 1 3 5 9 Elwin street 1 2 4 7 Seabright street 1 4 7 12 Emma street 2 3 I 6 Sarah street 0 1 0 1 Felix street 2 2 4 8 St. Peter's street 5 5 7 17 Fountain street 0 0 2 2 St. Peter's square 0 1 1 2 Gloucester street 1 3 6 10 Sheldon place 2 0 1 3 Gloucester place 0 0 0 0 Shepherd's court 0 0 0 0 Gascoisrne place 0 1 1 2 Simpson's place, W 1 2 2 5 Gibraltar walk 2 7 8 17 Southampton bldngs. 2 1 4 7 Godfrey's place 1 0 1 2 Stroud's place 0 0 0 0 TABLE IIIa (continued). Smith's buildings 1 1 3 5 Teesdale street 5 2 7 1 Sheep lane 0 0 0 0 Vincent street 0 2 6 ? Sweet Apple square 0 1 1 2 Victoria place, Oval 0 1 2 ? Teale street 1 0 4 6 Victoria place 0 1 0 ? Temple street 3 2 8 13 Virginia road 4 3 11 18 Turville street 3 2 13 18 Wimbolt street 1 1 I 3 Turville street, New 0 0 7 7 Wolverley street 0 1 2 3 Turville buildings 0 0 0 0 Warner place 3 0 7 10 Treadway street, from Hackney road, both sides,to Old Bethnal Green road 4 1 2 7 Wellington row 4 2 12 18 Williams place 0 0 0 0 Willow walk 1 3 5 9 Wharf road 0 0 1 1 CHURCH DISTRICT. Abbey place 0 0 1 1 Gosset street, from Pollard row to Gibraltar walk 3 4 1 Alfred row 0 0 0 0 Ann street 0 1 3 4 Ainsley street 1 2 1 4 Grove street 0 1 1 2 Abbott's yard 0 0 0 0 George street 1 0 1 2 Bethnal Green road 3 10 21 34 George place, Brady street 0 0 3 3 Old Bethnal Green road (south side only) 2 4 8 14 George place, Blythe street 0 0 0 0 Becktord row 0 0 1 1 Granby row 1 0 2 3 Bennett's place 0 1 2 3 George gardens 4 4 6 14 Brady's buildings 0 0 0 0 Garden place 0 0 0 0 Brady street 2 4 10 16 Gibraltar gardens 3 1 2 6 Bartholomew place 0 0 1 1 Gale's gardens 0 6 6 12 Blythe street 1 1 8 10 Glo'ster gardens 0 0 0 0 Clarkson street 2 3 5 10 Gainsboro' street 1 0 0 1 Canrobert street 1 2 8 11 Hart's lane 3 1 5 9 Camden street 2 3 6 11 Hollybush gardens 0 1 1 2 Cambridge street 4 2 0 6 Hollybush place 0 0 0 0 Camden gardens 0 0 0 0 Hague street 1 1 2 4 Charlotte street 3 2 2 7 Hammond's gardens 0 0 0 0 Cross street 0 0 0 0 Hereford street 0 0 2 2 Cumberland place 1 0 0 1 Hayter street 0 0 1 1 Cottage place 0 0 1 1 Jarrett's place 0 0 0 0 Corfield street 6 12 19 36 King street 0 0 0 0 Daniel street 1 5 3 9 Kelsey street 0 0 0 0 Derbyshire street, Cottage side 0 2 2 4 Lucas street 0 0 0 0 Lamb's gardens 0 0 0 0 Duke street 1 5 3 9 Lamb's place 0 0 0 0 Delta street 0 0 0 0 London street 0 0 1 1 Elliott row 0 0 0 0 Little Collingwood st. 2 4 3 9 Essex place 0 0 0 0 Middleton street 2 6 6 14 Edward street I 5 6 12 Middle walk 2 1 2 5 Edward place 0 0 1 1 Mape street 2 1 5 8 Eastman street 0 9 4 13 Mary Ann terrace 0 0 0 0 Foster street 1 5 2 8 Mansford street 6 12 13 31 Fox street 0 0 3 3 Minto place 0 1 0 1 Fuller street 2 8 11 21 New square 0 0 1 1 Finnis street 4 4 11 19 Nelson street 2 1 2 5 Falcon court 0 0 0 0 New Tyssen street 0 4 1 5 TABLE IIIa (continued). Orange street 0 0 7 7 Treadway street South 0 1 4 5 Old Bethnal Green rd. 0 0 0 0 Tapp street 1 1 2 4 Pereira street 0 1 0 1 Temple terrace 0 0 1 1 Punderson gardens 2 6 4 12 Temple street 0 0 1 1 Pott street 0 1 1 2 Tent street 2 0 1 8 Pollard row 4 7 5 16 Thomas passage, Bethnal Green road 0 0 1 1 Pollard street 0 0 3 3 Pitt street 1 l 10 12 Thomas passage,Brady street 0 1 0 1 Payne's gardens 0 0 0 0 Pleasant place 0 1 1 2 Trafalgar place 0 1 1 2 Queen street 0 0 0 0 Teale street 0 0 1 1 Reuben street 1 1 1 3 Tyrrell street 5 0 5 10 Robert street 0 2 0 2 Three Colt lane 0 0 3 3 Rappley place 0 1 0 1 Turin street 2 4 6 12 Roan Horse Yard and Mews 0 0 0 0 Thorold street 2 6 3 11 Toye's buildings 0 0 0 0 St. Andrew street 0 3 1 4 Union row 0 0 0 0 St. Jude street 1 2 0 0 u Valley place 0 0 0 0 St. Jude place 0 1 1 2 Viaduct street 0 4 11 15 South street 0 4 6 10 Warner place 5 1 4 10 Southampton street 0 0 0 0 Wolverley street 2 3 7 12 Southampton terrace 0 0 I 1 Wilmot street 4 6 12 22 Southboro' place 0 0 0 0 Wilmot square 3 0 0 3 Satchwell street 4 4 3 11 Wilmot buildings 0 0 0 0 Satchwell place 0 0 0 0 Waterlow buildings 0 1 0 1 Satchwell rents 0 0 2 2 Wellington place 1 1 2 4 Squirries street 6 1 7 14 Wellington street 1 0 0 1 Somerford street West 0 5 5 10 William street 1 1 0 2 Scott street 0 2 5 7 West street 1 0 3 4 Seabright street 3 6 7 16 Wray terrace 0 0 0 0 South Mewa 0 0 0 0 York street 6 1 3 10 St. Peter's street, south of church 1 7 9 17 York place 0 1 0 1 TOWN DISTRICT. Abbey street 1 2 3 6 Church street 1 4 9 14 Albion place 0 0 2 2 Church row 1 1 5 7 Anchor street 1 0 0 1 Chilton street 3 0 6 9 Anglesea street 0 1 4 5 Charles street 1 0 2 3 Arundel street 3 2 4 9 Christopher street 2 2 2 6 Artillery street 5 0 2 7 Cheshire street 0 3 8 11 Bacon street 0 0 2 2 Clarence street 0 2 7 9 Bethnal Green road, from Shoreditch to Brick lane 1 4 9 14 Club row 1 0 1 2 Collingwood place 0 5 10 15 Collyer's court 0 0 0 0 Brictf lane 1 1 2 4 Crossland square 0 0 0 0 Boreham street 0 0 3 3 Cross street 1 1 1 3 Busby street 6 4 6 16 Derbyshire st., S. side 0 3 9 12 Busby square 0 0 0 0 Duke street 0 1 4 5 Butler's buildings 1 0 2 3 Edward street 0 1 0 1 Boot street 0 1 0 1 Fleet street 2 1 4 7 Carter street 0 0 0 0 Fleet street hill 0 0 0 0 Carlisle street 1 0 0 1 Fournier street 4 2 11 17 TABLE IIIa (continued). Friars mount 0 0 3 3 Princes court,Virginia row 2 2 3 7 Gibraltar place 0 0 0 0 Gosset street, to No.39 0 1 7 8 Princes street 4 1 10 15 Granby street 3 3 5 11 Princes place 0 0 0 0 Granby place 0 0 0 0 Providence place 0 0 1 1 George street 1 1 4 6 Ramsey street 1 1 4 6 Hare street 6 4 12 22 Reform square 0 0 1 1 Hare court 0 2 1 3 Rose court 0 1 0 1 Hare marsh 0 0 3 3 Rider's court 0 0 0 0 Hort's yard 0 0 0 0 Rook's yard 0 0 1 1 Hague place 0 0 0 0 Sale street 0 2 10 12 Hereford street 0 1 1 2 Sclater street 2 3 9 14 Hereford buildings 0 0 0 0 Selby street 1 3 9 13 Huntingdon buildings 1 0 5 6 Shacklewell street 0 0 0 0 Jacobs street 0 0 3 3 Sherwood place 0 2 2 4 James street 0 1 0 1 Spicer street 0 0 1 1 Lenham buildings 2 0 5 7 St. John's street 1 0 1 2 Little Anchor street 0 0 0 0 St. Matthias' place 0 0 0 0 Little York street 0 1 1 2 Swan street 1 0 2 3 London street 0 1 0 1 Tavistock street 0 1 0 1 Manchester buildings. 0 1 0 1 Tyssen & Turk streets 3 4 10 17 Manchester place 0 0 0 0 Thomas street 5 1 9 15 Menotti street 1 2 7 10 Three Colts corner 0 0 0 0 Miring place 0 2 1 3 Thurman's place 0 0 1 1 Mount School court 0 0 1 1 Waterloo terrace 0 0 0 0 Mount square 0 0 0 0 Weaver street 0 2 2 4 Mount street 3 7 17 27 White street 1 2 9 12 Mary's place 0 0 1 1 White's court 0 0 0 0 Matthias' place 0 0 1 1 William street 1 1 2 4 New Church street 1 0 1 2 Winchester street 0 0 3 3 New st., Mount st. 0 2 3 5 Winchester place 0 0 0 0 New st., Gosset st. 0 1 1 2 AVinchester crescent 0 0 1 1 Nottingham street 1 2 5 8 Wood street 2 0 0 2 Oakley street 3 0 2 5 Wood's close 0 0 0 0 Park place 0 0 0 0 York street 0 2 1 3 Peter street 0 1 5 6 Princes court, Tyssen street 3 1 4 8 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV. Shelving the Mortality from certain classes of Diseases, and proportions to Population, and to 1000 deaths, 1883. DIVISION I. (Adults). Total Deaths. Deaths per 1000 of Population (all ages). Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths (all ages). 1. Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases 477 3.71 155.3 2. Pulmonary Diseases (other than Phthisis) 705 5.49 229.5 3. Tubercular Diseases 423 3.29 137.7 DIVISION II. (Infants). Total Deaths. Deaths per 1000 Births. Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths (of Infants). 4. Wasting Diseases 267 50.84 313.0 5. Convulsive Diseases 153 29.13 179.3 NOTES. 1.—Includes Small Pox, Measles, Scarlet Fever, Diphtheria, Whooping Cough, Fever, and Diarrhoea. 2.—Includes—Pleurisy, 13; Bronchitis, 475; Pneumonia, 191; Asthma, 7; Lung Disease, 10 ; and Laryngitis, 9. 3.—Includes—Phthisis, 334; Scrofula, 20; Rickets, 1; and Tabes, 68. 4.—Includes—Marasmus, Atrophy, Debility, 187; Want of Breast Milk, 5 ; and Premature Birth, 75. 5.—Includes—Hydrocephalus, 13; Infantile Meningitis, 31 ; Convulsions, 95 ; Teething, 13; and Laryngismus Stridulus, 1. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE V. Shewing the number of Deaths from the seven principal Zymotic Diseases, inclusive of Hospital Deaths, in the 10 years 1873 to 1882, and in the year 1883. DISEASE. 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1881 1882 Annual Average of 10 years, 1873—1882. Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths in 10yrs., 1873—1882. 1883 Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths in 1883. Small Pox 41 7 1 31 88 55 7 51 118 7 40.6 13.58 1 0.30 Measles 43 192 25 56 142 59 106 34 185 58 90.0 30.11 128 41.66 Scarlet Fever 17 103 193 80 93 68 76 114 82 138 96.4 32.25 174 50.64 Diphtheria 6 5 5 3 8 14 12 8 9 11 8.1 2.71 13 4.23 Whooping Cough 147 101 151 61 89 192 147 140 102 229 135.9 45.47 42 13.67 Fever 44 58 68 42 48 51 56 37 59 34 49.7 16.64 32 10.42 Diarrhœa 143 159 124 112 104 S6 70 169 107 96 117.0 39.14 87 28.32 Total in Bethnal Green 441 625 567 385 572 525 474 553 662 573 537.7 179.90 477 155.26 Total in London 11549 11352 13518 12696 12380 14857 12256 13577 13811 13553 129649 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT TABLE VI. INSPECTORS' REPORT OF THE SANITARY WORK, &c., Completed in the Year ending December 30th, 1883. Districts. Total. 1 2 3 No. of Houses, Premises, &c., Inspected 2596 1214 791 4601 RESULTS OF INSPECTION— Orders issued for Sanitary Amendments of Houses 2541 1011 786 4338 Houses Disinfected after Infectious Diseases 215 97 61 616 HOUSE DRAINS- 845 623 276 1744 Trapped or Ventilated 671 401 186 1258 PRIVIES AND WATER CLOSETS- Repaired, Cleansed, &c. 1263 499 197 1959 Supplied with Water - 10 - 10 DUST BINS- Repaired, Covered, &c. 819 272 121 1212 WATER SUPPLY- Cisterns (New) Erected — 16 — 16 MISCELLANEOUS— No. of Dust Complaints received and attended to Removal of accumulation of Dung, Stagnant 4311 159 2061 129 2957 128 9329 316 Removed of Animals improperly 20 5 39 64 Bakehouses Regularly Inspected 54 44 39 137 Licensed Cowhouses 19 12 8 39 Licensed Slaughterhouses 6 11 4 21 Other Proceedings, e.g. Legal Proceeding 105 85 8 198 Small Pox 10 11 17 38 Fever 251 127 61 439 Diphtheria 3 4 1 8 BETHNAL GREEN SANITAEY DISTRICT. TABLE VIII. ANALYSIS OF THE MORTALITY IN LONDON DURING THE YEAR 1883. QUARTER ENDING. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living, at all ages. Deaths under 1 year to 1000 Births Registered. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living. Per centage to Total Deaths of Deaths registered. All Causes. Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases. Violence. Aged I to 60 years. Aged 60 years and upwards. Upon Certificate of the Coroner (Inquests). In large Public Institutions. March, 1883 22.1 2.11 0.81 135 13.0 87.1 7.7 20.8 June „ 20.5 2.27 0.81 128 12.6 74.4 7.5 21.1 Sept. ,, 18.8 3.98 0.74 177 10.7 53.1 6.9 20.1 Dec. „ 20.3 2.60 0.68 144 12.4 70.4 6.7 20.5 Total for Year 1883 20.4 2.74 0.76 146 12.2 71.3 7.2 20.6 TABLE IX. AREA, POPULATION, DENSITY, AND MORTALITY IN ENGLAND AND LONDON. DIVISIONS. Area in Acres. Area in Square Miles. Persons to a Square Mile, 1831. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 Persons living in Year 1883. 1882.—Quarters ending. 1883.—Quarters ending. Mar. June. Sept. Dec. Mar. June. Sept. Dec. ENGLAND 37,319,221 58,311 445 19.5 21.6 19.0 17.7 20.0 22.3 20.1 16.8 19.1 LONDON 78,052 122 31,408 20.4 25.6 19.5 18.6 21.8 22.1 20.5 18.8 20.3 .