Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX. ACCOUNT IN ABSTRACT WITH A LIST OF ITS SEVERAL MEMBERS AND OFFICERS. LONDON: FORSAITH BROTHERS, PRINTERS, 329, BETHNAL GREEN ROAD, E. 1879. Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, IN THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX. ACCOUNT IN ABSTRACT OF RECEIPT AND EXPENDITURE For the Year ending 25th March, 1879, TOGETHER WITH A Summary Statement of all Contracts entered into, AND OF Moneys due to and Debts owing by the Vestry to that day; ALSO, THE TWENTY-THIRD ANNUAL REPORT BY THE VESTRY, WITH A LIST OF ITS SEVERAL MEMBERS AND OFFICERS. LONDON: FORSAITH BROTHERS, PRINTERS, 329, BETHNAL GREEN ROAD, E. 1879. THE VESTRY OF THE PARISH OF ST. MATTHEW, BETHNAL GREEN, In the County of Middlesex, UNDER THE METROPOLIS LOCAL MANAGEMENT ACT. Rev. SEPTIMUS C. H. HANSARD, M.A., Rector. Years to Serve. EAST WARD. 2 AMES, Mr. THOMAS 93, Green street 1 BAUGH, Mr. GEORGE 146, Green street 2 BRADBROOK, Mr. THOS. FREDERICK 117, Green street 1 EDROFF, Mr. WILLIAM 26, Old Ford road 3 ETRIDGE, Mr. JOSEPH 492, Bethnal Green road 2 HALL, Mr. JOHN Old Ford road 3 HILDITCH, Mr. JAMES GEORGE 208, Grove road 1 KEMP, Mr. CORNELIUS Ebenezer House, Wennington rd., Grove rd. 3 LOVEDAY, Mr. GEORGE 210, Cambridge road 2 RICHARDSON, Mr. WILLIAM Bonner road 2 RIPPIN, Mr. THOMAS HENRY 195, Green street 1 STONELEY, Mr. FREDERIC GEORGE 28, Roman road 3 WARD, Mr. EDWIN 13, Victoria Park square 1 WEBB, Mr. GEORGE SAMUEL 33, Old Ford road 3 WRIGHT, Mr. THOMAS Bridge Wharf, Old Ford road WATSON, Mr. JOHN, 6, Sewardstone road East .—Auditor. WEST WARD. 2 CHILLINGWORTH, Mr. ROBT. JESSE 20, Mount street 3 COLLINS, Mr. WILLIAM DAVIS 40, Old Castle street 3 DYER, Mr. WILLIAM 184, Bethnal green road 1 EWIN, Mr. ALFRED 25, Columbia road 3 FRANCIS, Mr. THOMAS WATSON 2, Hackney road 2 GOULD, Mr. HENRY COLLINS 7A,Gibraltar walk 1 JACOBS, Mr. JOSEPH 27, Fournier street 2 KEY, Mr. THOMAS 122, Brick lane 3 NICHOLSON, Mr. GEORGE HENRY 124, Bethnal Green road 2 PAYNE, Mr. GEORGE FREDERICK 180, Bethnal Green road 2 PERRIN, Mr. WILLIAM 162, Hackney road 1 RICHARDSON, Mr. JNO. C. BAYLIFFE . 117, Brick lane 3 SCHMIDT, Dr. ALFRED EDWIN 150, Bethnal Green road 1 SMITHER, Mr. DANIEL 142, Hackney road 1 THARP, Mr. WILLIAM ANTHONY 30, Hare street MEAN, Mr. THOMAS, 10, Gibraltar walk .—Auditor, 3 Years to Serve. NORTH WARD. 1 ATTWELL, Mr. ORLANDO THOMAS 378, Hackney road 3 BARNARD, Mr. ALFRED 76, Columbia road 2 HEALE, Mr. ROBERT 4, Victoria place, Oval, Hackney road 1 BISHOP, Mr. JAMES 35, Approach road 3 BOYCE, Mr. JAMES 375, Hackney road 2 EDWARDS, Mr. JAMES HENRY Rushmead street 3 EVERITT, Mr. THOMAS CHARLES 18, Sheldon place, Rushmead street 2 HOOPER, Mr. WILLIAM 107, Old Ford road 1 LUCKHURST, Mr. THOMAS 8, Providence place, Columbia road 3 MILBOURN, Mr. JAMES 176, Columbia road 1 NORRIS, Mr. JOSEPH 220, Cambridge road 2 SADLER, Mr. JOHN ROBERT 96, Ravenscroft street HASLOP, Mr. THOMAS, 409, Hackney road.—Auditor. SOUTH WARD. 3 ABBOTT, Mr. JAMES 81, Approach road 1 AVENELL, Mr. WILLIAM JAMES 63, Squirries street 1 BAKER, Mr. WILLIAM HARDING 78, Approach road 3 BENSON, Mr. JOSEPH HEATON 12, Menotti street 3 BEVEN, Mr. THOMAS King Edward road and Pollard row 1 COKE, The Rev. EDWARD FRANCIS The Vicarage, St. James the Great, Bethnal 2 COOK, Mr. JOHN 2, Old Bethnal Green road [Green rd. 2 FORREST, Mr. CHRISTOPHER 17, Victoria Park square 3 GREEN, Mr. GEORGE Hollybush gardens 2 HENDERSON, Rev. HENRY GLASS Holy Trinity, Church street 2 LINK, Mr. JOHN DAVID 30, Weaver street 3 MEADWAY, Mr. GEORGE 354, Bethnal Green road 1 PEREIRA, Mr. HENRY 429, Bethnal Green road 1 WENTZELL. Mr. ANDREW Victoria Park 2 YETTON, Mr. WILLIAM 248, Globe street MITCHELL, Mr. JOSEPH, 303, Bethnal Green road—Auditor. Member for the Parish of the Metropolitan Board of Works. THOMAS BEVEN, Esq., Stanley Villa, King Edward road. Medical Officer of Health. GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, Esq., M.D., 412, Bethnal Green road. Surveyor. Mr. WILLIAM HENRY GATHERCOLE, The Vestry Hall. Assistant Surveyor. Mr. JOHN ALFRED THARP, The Vestry Hall. 4 Collectors of Poor, General, and other Rates. Mr. WILLIAM ISAAC SHENTON, 8, Charles terrace, Victoria Park .—Fast Ward. Mr. HENRY LIEBRECHT, 35, Approach road, Victoria Park.—North Division, Wtst Ward. Mr. WILLIAM NATHANIEL EAGLES, 26, Approach road, Victoria Park .—South Division, West Ward. Mr. EUSTACE SHEPHERD SMITH, 6, Princes terrace, Bonner road.—North Ward. Mr. HENRY JOHN BLISS, 164, Bcthnal Green road.—South Ward. Beadle. Mr. JOHN WILLIAM BURROWS, Ivy Cottage, Prospect place, Cambridge Heath. Sanitary Inspectors. Mr. JOHN WILLIAM BURROWS. Mr. WILLIAM WALTER BURROWS, and Mr. JOSHUA LAPWORTH, The Vestry Hall. Vestry Hall Keeper. Mr. WILLIAM PAGE. ROBERT VOSS, Vestry Clerk. Office.—The Vestry Hall, Church Row, Bethnal Green Road. Memorandum. We, the undersigned Auditors for the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, having duly examined and investigated the Accounts of the said Vestry, from the 25th day of March, 1878, to the 25th day of March, 1879, and the Vouchers in support of the same, together with the Books, Papers, Instruments, and Writings relating thereto, Do hereby Certify, that we have this day Audited such Accounts at the Vestry Hall, Church Row, Bethnal Green Road, in the said Parish, and the same are true and correct. i Given under our hands this 20 th day of May, 1879, (Signed) JOHN WATSON, THOMAS MEAN, JOSEPH MITCHELL, Auditors. The Vestry of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. in the County of Middlesex. Abstract and Summary of Accounts from the 25th day of March, 1878, to the 25th day of March, 1879. GENERAL RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance in hand at Lady-day, 1878 2650 19 11 Interest on Mortgages by late Paying Commissioners 447 10 3 Amount paid into Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1878, of Rate made at Christmas, 1877 1566 2 2 Collectors' Poundage 646 14 2 Compensation Annuity to Collector of the late Paving Commission 29 10 0 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Lady-day, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Midsummer 8090 6 7 Roads—Labour, Carting, Granite, Hard Core, Implements, &c 4985 1 0 Scavenging 6505 9 7 Paving Repairs and Alterations 557 8 5 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Midsummer, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Michaelmas 8117 10 6 Lighting 3980 17 2 Incidentals—Repairs to Hall and Offices, Vestry Election Expenses, Coal, Name Plates, and Petty Disbursements 354 19 4 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Michaelmas, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Christmas 8125 14 1 Watering—Repairs to Stand Posts, &c., and for Water 340 17 3 One Year's Rent of Wharf, less Tax 29 10 0 Balance of Principal of a Mortgage for £3000 granted by late Paving Commissioners 500 0 0 Amount of Rate at 7d. in the £, made at Christmas, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank on the 25th March, 1879 6706 0 0 Nuisances—Disinfectants, Bedding, Removing Dead Bodies, Returns, &c 458 1 4 School Board for London 6872 1 7 Scavenging Fines 42 15 0 Mortuary—Proctors on account, and Photographer 203 7 6 Paving Licences 84 3 3 Metropolitan Board of Works—First Instalment of Loan of £ 20,000 1000 0 0 Reinstating Roads 141 9 1 Interest on Balance of Loan 784 13 6 17 6 1 Goddard's Rents, Purchase-Money and Interest, less Tax 756 0 8 Royal Exchange Assurance— Thirteenth Annual Instalment of ,£10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 6th December, 1865 500 0 0 Cheque drawn for Messrs. Clark & Hunt, Cancelled 3 13 6 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year 195 16 8 Gift for Planting Plane Trees 100 0 0 Eleventh Annual Instalment of ,£10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 11th July, 1867 500 0 0 Sale of Old Carpets 2 15 6 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 5 per cent 232 11 0 London Life Association— Eleventh Annual Instalment of Loan of £16,000 advanced on Mortgage, 5th December, 1867 800 0 0 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4½ per cent. 352 10 0 Ninth Annual Instalment of £7000 advanced on Mortgage, 8th April, 1869 350 0 0 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4½ per cent. 178 2 10 Ninth Annual Instalment of Loan of ,£10,000 advanced on Mortgage, 3rd March, 1870 500 0 0 Interest on Balance of Loan for one year, at 4½ per cent. 264 7 6 Income Tax to April, 1878, on Bonds and Mortgages 23 11 7 Half of Payments for Stipends, Printing Books, Stationery, Brokers' and Overseers' Expenses, and Sundry Charges common to General and Sewer Rates 1110 14 1 Balance on 25th March, 1879 3701 1 7 £36,404 16 4 £36,404 16 4 SEWERS RATES. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Amount paid into Bank subsequently to Lady-day, 1878, of Rate made at Christmas, 1877 433 2 7 Balance at Lady-day, 1878, being an excess of Expenditure over Receipts 415 0 5 Amount of Rate at id. in the £, made at Midsummer, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Michaelmas 1161 17 6 Collectors' Poundage 65 7 11 Cleansing, Repairs, and Flushing Sewers 1075 8 9 Incidentals—Boots, Timber, &c. 63 1 6 Amount of Rate at 2d. in the £, made at Christmas, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected at Ladyday, 1879 1902 0 0 Urinals 199 7 3 Construction of Sewers 626 16 4 Eagle Life Office— Licences 61 13 6 Nineteenth Annual Instalment of £5000 advanced on Mortgage, 4th August, 1859 250 0 0 Fine 3 4 0 Balance at Lady-day, 1879, being an excess of Expenditure over Receipts 705 14 7 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4¾ per cent. 17 8 9 London Life Association— Fifteenth Annual Instalment of £7000 advanced on Mortgage, 30th December, 1863 350 0 0 Interest on Balance of Mortgage for one year, at 4½ per cent. 92 10 8 Income Tax to April, 1878, on Mortgages 1 16 6 Half of Payments for Stipends, Printing, Books, Stationery, Brokers' and Overseers' Expenses, and Sundry Charges common to General and Sewer's Rates 1110 14 1 £4267 12 2 £4267 12 2 METROPOLITAN CONSOLIDATED RATE. RECEIPTS. PAYMENTS. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance at Lady-day, 1878 313 2 9 Collectors' Poundage 131 5 9 Amount paid into the Bank subsequently to Lady-day 1878, of Rate made at Midsummer, 1877 54 16 5 Metropolitan Board of Works, pursuant to their Precept 6533 0 7 Amount of Rate at 3d. in the £, made at Lady-day, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank at Midsummer, 1878 3497 16 11 Balance 621 13 0 Amount of Rate at 3d. in the £, made at Michaelmas, 1878, and Arrears of former Rate collected and paid into the Bank at Lady-day, 1879 3420 3 3 £7285 19 4 £7285 19 4 SUMMARY. % £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance due from Sewer Rate 705 14 7 Balance of General Rate Account 3701 1 7 Balance at Central Bank, Shoreditch 3984 12 4 Balance of Metropolitan Consolidated Rate Account . 621 13 0 Less Uncleared Cheques— Stacy £15 5 2 Overseer, West Ward 4 0 0 Ditto ditto 6 8 0 Ditto EastWard 11 7 6 Bradbrook 6 11 1 Winter 6 18 0 Aird and Sons 49 7 6 Doulton and Sons 5 19 10 Sanitas Company 16 1 6 Peter Ernst's Executors 13 14 2 Overseer, North Ward 11 18 6 Thomerson, Charles 14 0 7 Metropolitan Board of Works 178 2 6 Paul and Sons 27 18 0 367 12 4 1617 0 0 £4 f322 14 7 £4322 14 7 STATEMENTS OF MONEYS DUE TO, AND DEBTS OWING BY, THE VESTRY ON THE 25TH MARCH, 1879. MONEYS DUE TO. MONEYS OWING BY. £ s. d. £ s. d. Central Bank of London, as per foregoing Summary 3984 12 4 Stipends 471 19 6 Amount of Rates made at Christmas,paid after Quarterday by Five Collectors into Central Bank of London. 881 2 10 Poundage to Five Collectors 207 18 10 Compensation Annuity is 0 0 Arrears of General Rate at Lady-day, 1879 118 0 7 Gas Light and Coke Company 939 17 11 Ditto Sewers ditto 27 15 11 Mr. Joseph Brooks—Smith's Work 4 7 8 Ditto Metropolitan Consolidated 2 1 0 R. Wright's Executors—Rent of Wharf IS 0 0 Commercial Gas Company 68 6 8 Mr. Ward—for Carting 42 13 6 Mr. Lee—for Bedding S 7 6 Income Tax 38 12 6 Forsaith Brothers—Printing 83 9 8 Mr. J. J. Griffiths for Bills passed Not passed Mr. Blain—Gas Fittings 22 18 0 Mr. Clark—Waterproofs 11 3 5 Mr. John Wood—Tree Guards 59 8 0 Burrows—Removing Dead Bodies 6 10 0 School Board for London—one quarter's Precept 1822 11 0 Stacy and Cook—Stationery 26 5 6 Vestry of Mile End—Steam Roller 81 0 0 Mr. Thompson—Repairs 131 13 6 East London Water Company 76 18 5 Sundry Small Bills 26 12 6 LIABILITIES, Amount unpaid of Mortgages, granted by the late Paving Commission, and chargeable on the General Rate, .£11,100. Compensation Annuity of £30, payable for life to a Collector of the late Paving Commission. £250—Balance of Mortgage of Sewers Rates for £5000, borrowed of the Eagle Assurance Company in August, 1859, for defraying cost of construction of New Sewers, and to be repaid by twenty equal Annual instalments, with interest at 4¾ per cent. £1750—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £7000, borrowed of the London Life Association in December, 1863, for defraying cost of construction of New Sewers, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £3500—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000, borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in December, 1865, towards defraying cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets," and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent. per annum. £4500—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000, borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in July, 1867, towards defraying cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets," and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent. per annum. £7200—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £16,000, borrowed of the London Life Association in December, 1867, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageways of Hackney Road and Whitechapel Road, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the Instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £3850—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for£7ooo, borrowed of the London Life Association in April, 1869, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageway of Green Street, and the unpaved portion of the Carriageway of Bethnal Green Road, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £5500—Balance of Mortgage of Rates for £10,000, borrowed of the London Life Association in March, 1870, for defraying the cost of Paving Footways of "Old Streets," and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at 5 per cent. per annum, to be reduced to £4 10s. per cent. per annum on payment of the instalments of principal and interest within thirty days after they respectively become due. £19,000—Balance of Loan for£20,000, borrowed of the Metropolitan Board of Works in March, 1878, for defraying the cost of Paving the Carriageways of various Streets, and to be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, with interest at £3 15s. per cent. per annum. 1 3 RATES MADE BY THE VESTRY. LADY-DAY, 1878. Poor Rate at 0s. 9d. in the £ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at 0s. 3d. „ 1s. 7d. MIDSUMMER, 1878. Poor Rate at 0s. 10d. in the£ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Sewers ditto at 0s. 1d. „ Composition ditto at 0s. 1d. „ 1s. 7d. MICHAELMAS, 1878. Poor Rate at 0s. 9d. in the £ General ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Metropolitan Consolidated ditto at 0s. 3d. „ 1s. 7d. CHRISTMAS, 1878. Poor Rate at 0s. 9d. in the £ General Ditto at 0s. 7d. „ Sewers ditto at 0s. 2d. „ 1s. 6d. Total Rates in the £ for the Year 6s. 3d. REDEMPTION OF MORTGAGES GRANTED BY LATE PAVING COMMISSIONERS. Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1878 655 0 0 Paid at Michaelmas, 1878, balance of Mortgage for £3000, to Executors of John Cole 500 0 0 £155 0 0 To 4 per cent, on £11,100 444 0 0 Amount payable at Michaelmas, 1879 £599 0 0 REPORT Of the Proceedings of the Vestry of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, from the 25th March, 1878, to 25th March, 1879. SCAVENGING. The Special Committee mentioned in the last Annual Report presented their Report in April, stating they were not prepared at present to recommend that the Vestry should undertake the work of Scavenging, and recommending that advertisements should be issued inviting tenders for the execution of the work for the ensuing year; also recommending that the contract should provide that hydrostatic vans should be used for watering instead of water carts. The Report of the Committee was adopted by the Vestry. Tenders were received on the 2nd May, and those of Mr. Crane for District No. 1, at £1540, Mr. Parsons for District No. 2, at £1540, Mr. Irons for District No. 3, at £ 1680, were accepted. £4760. In April, the then contractors for Districts Nos. 1 and 2 were respectively fined £11 5s. and £26 10s. for neglecting to water various streets, and the contractor for No. 1 District was fined £2 for sweeping mud into gullies. In November, the then contractor for District No. 1 was fined £1, and the contractor for No. 2 District was fined £2, for their men sweeping mud into a gully. It being reported to the Vestry that the scavengers frequently did sweep mud into the gullies, bills were printed and posted throughout the Parish, directing the attention of the inhabitants to the subject, and requesting their co-operation in preventing the offence, which is a cause of annoyance and of cost to the Parish. 15 FOURNIER'S CHARITY. Two of the applicants were disqualified by having received parochial relief within two years. Two other applicants had received the gift before, and it was resolved their names should not be put on the balloting papers. The following thirteen candidates were elected and received the gift:— Allister, Mary, 144, Gosset-street. Beale, William, 67, White-street. Callcutt, Robert, 25, Emma-street. Farndon, Thomas, 60, White-street, Gorick, Thomas, 4, Sale-street. Horn, Martha, 12, Pollard-row. Payne, Napoleon, I, Collins-place. Player, Susan, 99, Cambridge-road. Podger, Charles, 44, Warley-street. Reed, Mary, 28, Teesdale-street. Saint, William, 5, South-street. Smith, Charlotte, 32, Peel-grove. Wilford, Samuel, 59, Rushmead-street. LEVERINGTON CHARITY. The surviving qualified recipients of last year were elected recipients for this year, and the widow of John Agombar, a recipient last year, was also elected a recipient for this year. To make up the full number of forty, the following two persons were also elected recipients for the year:— Plate, Elizabeth, 63, Viaduct-street. Cherry, John, 71, Moss-street. METROPOLITAN BOARD OF WORKS PRECEPT. The amount required by the Board for the next year is £7,788 7s. 9d., being £1,255 7s. 2d. more than the amount of the precept for the last year. The amount called for by the Board will require a levy of about 7d. in the pound. SCHOOL BOARD PRECEPT. The amount of the precept for the next year is £7,290 4s. od., being an increase of £418 2s. 5d. on the amount of the precept for the last year. The amount called for by the Board will require a levy of about 7d. in the pound. 16 NEW CARRIAGEWAY PAVING. The works comprised in the contract mentioned in the last Report have been carried out. A difficulty arose with regard to paving the margin of the Cambridgeroad. The Tramway Company had, with the sanction of the Vestry at the time of the construction of the tramway, laid down 3X6 cubes. The contract with Mr. Griffiths provided for laying down 3X7 cubes. The Tramway Company objected to incur the considerable cost of removing the paving outside their lines and replacing it with 3X7 stones, and it was found impossible to put down the 3X7 stones by the side of those put down by the Tramway Company without cutting into the concrete on which those stones were laid, and doing so would have involved great risk and additional cost. It was therefore arranged that the contractor, Mr. Griffiths, instead of laying in the unpaved margins of Cambridge-road 3X7 stones, should put down stones 3X6, and that he should allow the Vestry the difference between the price of the stones put down and the price of those contracted to be put down. In carrying out the work it was necessary to use, in many places, on account of the nature and condition of the substratum, a very much larger amount of concrete than was specified, and in consequence liabilities for extras were incurred ; but after allowing for them, and taking credit for deductions for the price of the stone laid in Cambridge-road, and for some patches of paving which it was found unnecessary to relay, the sum ultimately payable to the contractor, under his contract, was agreed at £ 18,792 3s. gd., instead of £zo,505, the contract amount. In February, the Vestry determined to pave the part in this Parish of the carriageway of Roman-road, and to apply towards the cost the balance, so far as it will extend, of the £20,000 borrowed last year, and an arrangement has been made with Mr. Griffiths to lay down 3X7 granite pitchings. Under the special circumstance of the contractor having in store a quantity of stone of that size, intended to be used in Cambridge-road, he has agreed to execute the work at 16s. sd. per superficial yard. When carrying out the paving of the carriageway of White-street, it was found advisable to take up the footway paving in that street, betweeen Cheshire and Derbyshire-streets. It has been taken up, and "Patent Victoria Stone" laid instead. 17 MORTUARY. The suit in the Ecclesiastical Court came on for hearing before Dr. Tristram, the Chancellor of the Consistory Court, on the ioth January, and occupied the Court for three days. At the end of the first day, the parties opposing obtained permission to adduce evidence of there being in the Parish sites which might be purchased, and which were more eligible than the churchyard. The evidence adduced was a long affidavit by Mr. Edwin Ward suggesting several sites, and supporting the objections to the erection of the proposed Mortuary. Affidavits in reply were immediately prepared and filed. The Chancellor personally inspected the Churchyard and the sites proposed by Mr. Ward ; but, as will be seen from his judgment, decided the Churchyard was the most suitable place. The judgment of the Chancellor was delivered on the 15th April, 1878, and is printed in the Appendix. The judgment determined that a faculty might properly be granted for the erection of a Mortuary in a Churchyard, with a room for holding post-mortem examinations of the bodies brought there, but not for rooms for a residence for a keeper, or for holding Coroners' Courts. It will be seen that the Chancellor considered the site of the old Watch House too near the road, but decided to grant a faculty for a Mortuary to contain separate rooms for infectious and non-infectious cases, with a room for post-mortem examinations, provided a site for the Mortuary were selected at a distance of fifty feet from the road. It will also be seen from the judgment that the Chancellor considered the parties opposing entitled to, and granted them, their costs of the opposition, on the issues on which they had been successful, although they failed on the objection that a faculty could not be granted for the erection of a Mortuary on a Churchyard. The judgment of the Chancellor was referred to the Sanitary Committee for consideration and report. A proposal by Mr. Merceron to lay out the Churchyard at his own expense if the Vestry would abandon the intention to erect the Mortuary on the Churchyard, and erect one on some other site, was submitted to the Committee. The Committee, after consideration, 2 18 and conferring with the Rector, and with his consent, recommended that the Mortuary should be erected on the Northern part of the Churchyard, South of the private pathway from the North-west corner, and nearly opposite the Vestry Hall. The Committee had plans prepared in accordance with the terms of the Chancellor's judgment, and recommended that the necessary steps be taken to obtain the Chancellor's approval of those plans, and grant of the faculty. The Committee also recommended that the offer of Mr. Merceron should not be accepted. The Report of the Committee was adopted, and the new plans were lodged in the Court. The Chancellor directed a fresh citation should issue, to which Mr. Merceron and his tenant, Mr. Wilson, have entered an appearance; but they have delivered no statement of objections, and what the grounds of their objections are is not known, beyond Mr. Merceron's objection to have any Mortuary erected in the Churchyard. At present it remains for the Chancellor to fix a day for the hearing. WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET. The Special Committee to which last year the subject of the Removal of the Market was referred, after making enquiries and communicating with the Vestry of Mile End and the District Boards of Works of Poplar, Limehouse, and Whitechapel, recommended that the Vestry should join with the Vestry of Mile End in endeavouring to obtain a removal of the Hay Market from Whitechapel ; and further, that the Vestry should in due course inform the Metropolitan Board of Works that the Vestry concurs in the opinion that the Market should be moved, and press upon that Board the necessity of taking steps to effect that object. The report of the Special Committee was approved. In February, Messrs. Ewin, Perrin, and Hilditch were elected Delegates to attend a Meeting, to be held on the 17th March, at Mile End, to determine what course should be adopted. The Meeting was held, but was adjourned in order that the Vestries might have the opportunity of considering the resolutions passed at the Meeting. 19 URINALS. On the recommendation of the Sanitary Committee, it was proposed to erect a Urinal at the junction of St. John and Hare-streets, and at the corner of Squirries-street and Bethnal Green-road, and the matter was referred to the Works Committee, who reported that there was already ample accommodation at the corner of St. John and Harestreets, and that the owner of the house at the corner of Squirries-street objected to the erection of a Urinal by his premises, and the proposal to erect the Urinals was abandoned. On the recommendation of the Sanitary Committee, an iron screen has been erected in front of each of the entrances to the Urinal in Austin-street- An application for the erection of a Urinal in Cambridge-road, by Northampton-street, was granted, but in consequence of objections afterwards made by some of the persons who applied, it was resolved not to erect the Urinal. PLANE TREES IN THOROUGHFARES. Application was made for one of the ten sums of £100 each, announced to be given by a gentlemen to Vestries to plant trees in thoroughfares. The application was granted on the Vestry entering into an agreement to expend the sum in two years, in preparing for planting, buying, planting, and preserving from harm and destruction good and sufficient plane trees; also, to substitute new trees for such as may die or be destroyed. Mr. Mclntyre, the superintendent of Victoria Park, has, in the kindest possible way, given his assistance and advice—so valuable from his practical knowledge and great experience—as to purchasing, planting, and preserving the trees. Tenders were invited from five leading nurserymen for supplying about fifty plane trees of the size advised by Mr. Mclntyre, and tenders were also invited for the supply of guards of arris-cut English oak or pitch pine, seven feet high. The tenders accepted were those of Messrs. Paul & Son for the trees, at 7s. 6d. and 10s. 6d. each; Messrs. Wood, of Cobham, for the guards, at 10s. each. In addition to the price of the trees and guards, there is 20 the cost of preparing for planting, planting, fixing the guards, wiring the trees, and making suitable openings in the York paving. Approach-road was determined to be the best place to plant. Sixty-six trees have been planted there by the Vestry out of the gift of/'ioo, and six trees by Churchwardens and Overseers. The Vestry have passed a resolution, expressing approval of planting trees in thoroughfares, and their willingness to consider applications for permission to do so. NEW SEWERS. The construction of the new sewer in Mansford-street, communicating with the main intercepting sewer in Bethnal Green-road, admitted of the sewer in Rushmead-street being laid at an adequately low level, and a new 18-in. pipe sewer, communicating with that in Mansford-street, has been constructed. The sewer in Sheldon-place has also been lowered and connected with the new sewer in Rushmead-street. Mr. Everitt, by arrangement, contributed /'8 6s. 8d. (one-third of the estimated amount) towards the cost of lowering the Sheldon-place sewer. RE-NUMBERING AND RE-NAMING STREETS. Pursuant to orders of the Metropolitan Board of Works,— Boundary-street, Broadway, and Victoria-place, in this and Shoreditch Parish, have been named throughout Boundarystreet, and been re-numbered. Bonner-road has been re-numbered, and the subsidiary names therein abolished. Nottingham-street and Wellington-street have been named throughout Nottingham-street. Wellington-street, Globe-road, has been named Cyprus-street. Application has been made to the Metropolitan Board of Works to issue orders to re-name Wellington-street, North-street, Pereira-street, and to abolish the name of Prospect-place, and name Prospect-place and Bishop's-road, Bishop's-road throughout. 2 1 RAILWAY BILLS. The Great Eastern Railway Company deposited plans, shewing they proposed to acquire power to purchase part of the back premises in Hare-street and Three Colts-corner. The acquisition of the property will not affect the public, and the Surveyor reported there was no necessity for any arrangement being made with regard to sewers or roads, but that it was desirable to preserve, and if necessary extend, the existing footway bridge across the line from Three-Colts-corner to Fish-street hill. The East London Railway Company deposited plans, shewing they proposed to acquire some property in Tent-street, and to obtain the sanction of Parliament to abandon the line from Whitechapel to Bethnal Green Junction, authorised by the Act of 1876. The Parliamentary Committee were authorised to negotiate with the Company as to the terms on which the sanction to abandon the construction of the line should be granted ; but the Company (on the opposition of the London and Brighton Company) struck out the clauses in their Bill relating to the sanction to abandon the construction of the intended line. CLOSING BACON STREET. Several inhabitants of Bacon-street and neighbouring streets urged upon the Vestry, by deputations and memorials, that the intended closing by the Metropolitan Board of Works of the Western end of Bacon-street, between Swan-street and the new street formed by the Board, would seriously diminish the value of the property in Baconstreet, be very prejudicial to the trade in that and adjacent streets, and prevent the future improvement of Bacon-street. A deputation from the Vestry, consisting of Messrs. Ewin, Francis, Jacobs, J. C. B. Richardson, Forrest, Key, Edwards, and Milbourn, was appointed to wait upon the Metropolitan board of Works, to urge upon that Board that the street should be kept open. The deputation waited upon the Board, and urged as strongly as possible that the street should be kept open. Before coming to a decision, a Committee of the Board visited the street, and resolved to recommend that the application of the Vestry should not be complied 22 with. Upon this, a letter from the Vestry, again pressing strongly upon the Board that the street should be kept open, was sent, and presented to the Board at the Meeting at which the Report of the Committee was considered. The Board, however, adopted the Report of the Committee, and have decided to close the street as proposed. BYE LAW. A bye law— « That when any motion of which noticc has been given has been negatived, no similar notice of motion shall be given within twelve months from the date of the motion having been negatived, except by special leave of the Vestry," has been passed. NUISANCE IN CAMBRIDGE ROAD. An intolerable nuisance was created in Cambridge-road by the stench arising from decayed vegetables, with vinegar, brought from abroad in casks, to be used for making pickles. No attention being paid to the notices and warnings of the Sanitary staff, an indictment against the occupiers of the premises was preferred at the Central Criminal Court, and a true Bill found, immediately upon which the defendants went away. BUILDING ACT. The Medical Officer of Health and the District Surveyor were of opinion that the new buildings in Mansford-street, being erected under the name of " Model Dwellings," were so planned that they would be unfit to live in, on account of the smallness of the open spaces at the back, and the great height of the buildings. But it appeared there had been a technical compliance with the Building Act, and that no proceedings could be taken. The builder was warned that in case of dwellings unfit for habitation, there was power for a magistrate to ordt-r them to be closed, and some modifications were made in the plans; but, with a view to future legislation, letters on the subject were addressed to the Home Office and the Metropolitan Board of Works. STALLS IN THE STREETS. * Applications have been made, asking that particular stalls in streets might be removed, but that the other stalls should be allowed to remain. 23 It was felt impossible to make any distinction, and the Vestry decided not to interfere. MISCELLANEOUS. The sale of " Goddard's Rents" to the Great Eastern Railway Company has been completed, and the purchase-money (^750), with /'6 os. 8d., interest, received. An arrangement has been made with the Vestry of Mile End for the hire of their steam road roller at £'z 5s. a day, including fuel. It has been decided to return to the plan adopted some years since of the Vestry doing the work of reinstating streets and roads after openings made by the Gas and Water Companies, and to charge the cost to the Companies, instead of letting the contractor of the Companies do the work. The Vestry laid before the East London Water Company a statement of the facts connected with one of their turncocks having kept about forty houses without water for two days out of revenge for some annoyance. After enquiry by the Company, the man was dismissed from their employ. The Vestry have found it advisable to enforce the costs of summonses for rates, and instructed the collectors to require the pa)ment of the charge for every summons issued. ROBERT VOSS, Vestry Clerk. APPENDIX. IN THE CONSISTORY COURT OF LONDON Before Dr. TRISTRAM [Chancellor]. Hansard and others v. The Parishioners, Inhabitants, and others of St. Mattheiv, Bet final Green. JUDGMENT. The Chancellor. —This is an application by the Rector and Churchwardens of St. Matthew's Bethnal Green for a Faculty authorising the erection of a building at the South-west corner of the Parish Churchyard, the ground floor to be appropriated as a Mortuary and post-mortem examination room, t lie first floor for an inquest room and for the use of the Coroner, and the second floor as living rooms for the keeper of the mortuary. The grounds of the application are, that it is essential for the sanitary welfare of the Parish that it should have a mortuary, and that owing to the crowded state of its buildings the Vestry have been unable to procure any other site for the purpose. The granting of the Faculty is opposed by Mr. Henry Merceron, a gentleman who is not an actual resident in the Parish, but who is possessed of considerable freehold property in it including houses in the neighbourhood of the Churchyard ; and whose family have been settled in the Parish since the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes: and also by Mr. Arthur Wilson a builder who is also possessed of considerable household property in the Parish. They filed an answer stating several objections to the granting of the Faculty to which I will advert hereafter. The petitioners in their reply object to the defendants' right to be heard in opposition to the Faculty, on the ground that they are neither inhabitants of the Parish nor Parishioners. Affidavits were filed by the respective parties in support of the case set up in their pleadings, and several of the deponents were cross-examined on their affidavits, and were examined by the Court. The first question for the determination of the Court is, Whether the defendants or either of them have a locus standi to oppose this Faculty. It was argued by the counsel for the petitioners that to give a person a locus standi to oppose the granting of this Facuity he should either be a resident in the Parish or, at least, a ratepayer; but Mr. Merceron and Mr. Wilson according to the evidence had at the present time 25 no such status, and several cases were cited in support of this contention, including that of Lee against Fagg and Mummery, the latest decision on the question of interests, in the Law Reports 6th Privy Council page 36. The result of the decision appears to come to this, that to entitle a person to oppose the granting of a Faculty he must shew some interest in the subject matter of the application. In some cases the interest required will be that of a resident ratepayer, in others it may be of a different description. Take for instance the grant of a Faculty involving among other things the removal of a family vault, it cannot be contended that a representative of a family, for whose use the vault was granted, would be disqualified from appearing on the application to protect his interest in the vault, by reason of his being neither a resident nor a ratepayer in the Parish. In the present case, independently of any general interest Mr. Merceron or Mr. Wilson may be supposed to have with a view to the interest of the tenants present and future of their property, Mr. Merceron is owner of certain houses in Fuller-street. These houses form a part of a small block of houses the front house of the block being in Church-row immediately opposite to and about thirty-two feet from the proposed building. As one of the purposes of the mortuary is the reception of bodies of persons who have died from infectious diseases, and as Mr. Merceron's houses in Fuller-street are just at the back and in close connection with the house in Church-row and not more than seventy yards from the proposed building, it occurred to me, especially on inspecting the site, that the Court ought not to hold that Mr. Merceron was without a possible interest in this suit. For if by any means whatever, whether owing to the close proximity of the mortuary, or to the want of proper precaution, infection were to spread to the houses in Church-row this might injuriously affect houses in Fullerstreet. The true test of an interest in cases of this kind may often be whether the erection of a mortuary may by any possibility affect the interest of the property of the opponent. I will now proceed to consider the objections taken by the counsel for the defendants to the issuing of the Faculty prayed. It was said that the appropriation of a portion of the Churchyard for any of the purposes named is contrary to law as being the appropriation of consecrated ground for secular or profane purposes. It appears to the Court for reasons which I will presently state that this objection has force in reference to that part of the application which relates to the erection of rooms for holding of coroners' inquests and for living rooms of the keeper of the mortuary, but not to the erection of the mortuary itself, which was aptly expressed by Dr. Spinks to differ only from a vault or grave in being a temporary instead of a permanent resting place for ihe dead. It cannot I think with accuracy be said that the appropriation of a small portion of the Churchyard for the use of the Parish for such a purpose is an illegal diversion of the ground from parochial and ecclesiastical purposes to profane or secular purposes. In many Churchyards there may be seen small erections for this purpose, and within the last twenty years, since the closing of the London Churchyards for the purpose of ordinary burials, several Faculties have been granted from this Court for the erection of a mortuary for the use of the Parishioners in their Churchyard, and I can see no reason or principle in the Court departing from those precedents in cases where it is satisfied that it is essential for the health of the Parish that there should be a mortuary and that the Churchyard is a convenient site for it. It was further argued for the defendants that assuming the Court to have jurisdiction to grant a Faculty for the erection of a mortuary in an ordinary Churchyard, that in this particular instance it was precluded by the terms of the ibth George II. chapter 28, a private act constituting the hamlet of Bethnal Green a separate Parish of St. Philip's, Stepney. In 1741, the date of the act in question, it was necessary by the then state of the Law to obtain an act of Parliament to authorise the creation of a new Parish and for this purpose the act referred to was passed. It contains as might be expected a provision relating to the Churchyard and provides that the piece of ground then set apart for and forming the present Churchyard should be a cemetery or burial ground for the inhabitants of the said hamlet for ever, using the same terms as are usually to be found in deeds of conveyance granting lands for the purposes of Churchyards. 26 This ground was subsequently consecrated and (hereby became subject to the jurisdiction of this Court, and the 42nd section of the act which provides that "nothing therein contained " is intended or shall extend to invalidate any ecclesiastical " Law'or constitution of the Church of England or to destroy any of the rights or u powers belonging to the Bishop of London and his successors or any other local " Ordinary or to any archdeacon chancellor or official, and the 43rd section (which " provides that the Bishop of London and all other ecclesiastical ordinaries and "judges and their successors respectively shall hereafter exercise ecclesiastical "jurisdiction in the said new Parish as amply as they or any of them may now do " in the said Parish of Stepney " the Parish out of which this new Parish is carved in case that act had not been made) would seem to contemplate that that Churchyard was to be placed in the same position in reference to the jurisdiction of this Court as the Churchyard of Stepney or any other Parish. Another objection taken was that the position of the Churchyard was unsuitcd for the purpose in consequence of its being situated at the west end instead of in the central part of the parish, and the inconvenience of access to it, and further (and to this a great portion of the evidence and argument was directed) that the mortuary would be a nuisance to the inhabitants of the houses near the Churchyard and injurious to their health. It occurred to the court that both these objections were entitled to the most serious consideration and if it were satisfied that any other suitable site in the parish could at the present time on reasonable terms have been secured it would have hesitated to grant the faculty for a mortuary. It seems however that the erection of this mortuary was first mooted by the Vestrj^in the year 1872 when its erection was strenuously resisted by Mr. Hansard as the Rector of the parish, supported by a considerable number of parishioners, on the ground of the inconvenience of the site and the possibility of obtaining a more convenient site elsewhere in the Parish. The Vestry in consequence of this opposition abstained from pressing the matter at that time and made application to the Poor Law Guardians, and to the Commissioners for Crown Lands for a site in the parish, but without success. They also inspected several sites which had been suggested as convenient for the purpose, and from an inspection of the sites myself I am bound to say that I concur in the conclusion the vestry came to, that these sites were objectionable. The Court has come to the conclusion after due consideration of all the evidence that has been adduced to it, and of the able argument of counsel, that it is essential for the health of the parish that there should be a mortuary. It appears by the petition, (paragraph 6) which is confirmed by the evidence, that the population of the parish consists of 120,000 persons, that many of them are exceedingly poor, that in some parts of the parish the population is most crowded, whole families having only one or at most two rooms to live in, that it is most important for the moral and for the sanitary welfare of the inhabitants that the bodies of persons dying in these crowded rooms should be removed at once to some convenient resting place, there to remain until they can be properly and decently interred; and it is to effect this purpose that the present application for a mortuary has been made. This Court therefore has come to the conclusion that it is essential for the health of the Parish from sanitary reasons that there should be a mortuary and after the inspection of the Churchyard and on consideration of the evidence it has also come to the conclusion that on the whole, notwithstanding its inconvenience, it is the most available and most suitable site for a mortuary. To other portions of the application objections were urged, and as to having living rooms over the mortuary, Dr. Tidy, a medical gentleman of great experience in such matters, and Mr. Bate, the Medical Officer of the Parish, in answer to questions put to them by the Court said at once that there were grave objections on sanitary grounds to having living rooms over the mortuary. There was a legal objection taken to the erection of rooms for holding coroner's inquests founded on the words of the 88th canon. The wording of the canon runs in these terms :—"The "churchwardens or questmen and their assistants shall suffer no plays, feasts, " banquets, suppers, churchales, drinkings, temporal courts or leets, lay juries, " musters, or any other profane usage to be kept in the church, chapel or churchyard, " neither the bells to be rung superstitiously upon holidays or eves abrogated by the 27 " Book of Common Prayer or at any other times without good cause." Now, upon the wording of the canon I think and upon the reasons upon which the provisions of the canon may be supported I think that this objection is a valid one, for if a lay court is allowed to be held in a Church or the Churchyard, the control of the Church or Churchyard for the time being is necessarily taken from the ordinary and placed in that of the judge or presiding officer of the Court, and serious inconvenience or disturbance might arise by the holding of coroner's inquests in certain cases in a Churchyard, more especially during divine service, without the ordinary or his officers having any power to interfere or control the persons assembled there. The Court has therefore come to the conclusion that it ought to reject that part of the application for a licence to erect coroner's and living rooms over the mortuary, and it has also come to the conclusion that the site of the proposed mortuary is inconvenient and unnecessarily in too close proximity to the houses in Wood's Close and particularly to those in Church Row; and as the Surveyor stated in his evidence that it might be, with no great increase of expense and without detriment to the rectory house, placed back, say fifty feet from the road on the other side, the Court will be prepared to grant a faculty for the erection of a mortuaiy in some such position with a post-mortem room, which is incident and a convenient accessory to a mortuary. In consequence of the Court having rejected a portion of the plan submitted to it it no doubt will be convenient and desirable that the plan should be reconsidered, and the course I propose to take is, to adjourn the further hearing of this case in order that the plan may be submitted to the vestry, and I have no doubt that with the assistance of their Medical Officer and their Surveyor they will be able to frame such a plan, as would meet any practical objections that could be taken to it. I inspected twice the Churchyard and the neighbourhood adjoining it, and it certainly did occur to me that the distance of thirty-two feet between the houses in Churchrow and the entrance to the mortuary (where bodies of persons who have died from infectious complaints were to be taken) is objectionable; and as the surveyor himself stated in his evidence, that by placing the mortuary a little further back no inconvenience would arise to the rectory house, and no great increase of expense would be occasioned, I think considering the circumstances of the case it would be desirable for the Parish to erect the mortuary further from the road : and I should also suggest that the plan should be so framed that if they think proper to erect it there, that there should be means of increasing the size of the mortuary at a future time when occasion may require. The only remaining question which I had to consider is the question of costs. The costs are in the discretion of the Court, and in the present case Air. Merceron and Mr. Wilson have, I am bound to say, succeeded on some very important issues which were raised by the application of the Rector and the Churchwardens, and without meaning to throw any censure at all on the Rector and Churchwardens and upon the Vestry, who I think have in this case done no more than they were bound to do having due regard to the welfare of the Parish, I think that Mr. Merceron is entitled to the costs which he has incurred on those issues in which he has been successful; on the issue on which he has not been successful I do not think he is entitled to any costs, therefore I shall make an order that the case stand over for further hearing, and that Mr. Merceron have the just costs in the cause. It has for some time been the practice of the court to name a sum for costs, but if there is any difficulty it can always be referred to me in chambers. Dr. Spinks.—I can say nothing at present; the solicitor must consult the vestry. The Chancellor.— It is a matter of great importance, and it is the first time that the question has ever been raised in an ecclesiastical Court. Dr. Spinks.—For argument. The Chancellor.—For argument. There have been several unopposed applications made, but this is the first time it has ever been argued in Court. SURVEYOR'S REPORT OF WORKS EXECUTED FROM LADY-DAY, 1878, TO LADY-DAY, 1879. Gentlemen, I have the honour to report upon the principal works carried out under my supervision during the past year. The works carried out during the past year have been of an important character. The formation of the New Street by the Metropolitan Board of Works has been completed, and is the last improvement effected by the Board in forming a direct thoroughfare from the West to the East End of London. The street is of the average width of 60 ft., is paved, and has a brick sewer constructed at a low level, and forming a junction with the main line sewer in Bethnal Green-road, at or near to Brick-lane. The foot and carriageways of Swan-street, Anchor-street, Little York-street, and Sclater-street, have been in some cases entirely re-paved, or have been considerably improved by the works carried out by the Board. The paving works contracted for in March last were completed in July, being within the specified time in the contract. I venture to say that the whole of the works have been satisfactorily carried out, and that the streets and roads referred to will now be off hand as far as expense is concerned for very many years. I would suggest that the greatest possible restriction should be put upon all Companies making openings in these works. In Section No. 1 the foundations of the streets and roads were found in far worse condition than was anticipated, which caused an extra amount being expended upon them. The extra upon this item is £ 1067 12s. The deduction from the contract is £745 4s. sd., being£532 4s. 5d for pitchings, which were in such a state of preservation that, with a partial re-lay, were allowed to remain; there was also a saving effected of £112 10s. upon the channel stones, those used were 3 in. x 7 in., instead of 4 in. x 9 in. as specified, also deduct the sum of £100, the amount of provision in the specification for extra works. 29 The amount of contract was £8o16 18 o ,, of extra work 322 7 7 Total cost of Section No. 1 £8339 5 7 There was a considerable amount of work done to the footways which under this contract would come to about £500, but by putting it under the present general prices charged by our contractor, would be considerably reduced. There has been done an extra amount of work to that provided for in the estimate of 500 yards super value, £435 8s. 4d. The materials received into stock from these streets, paving, pitching, and macadam, I estimate at the value of about £ 1500 In Section No. 2, the extras amount io£302 7s. 1 id. The deductions amount to £2338 5s. 1d., which was caused by a large quantity of pitchings being allowed to remain, as they were found to be too good to be disturbed, and were only partially relaid, and which the Tramway Company carried out at their expense. In the above amount for deductions there is£150 for channel stones used, and £450 allowed as a portion of this contract was executed with 3 in. X 6 in. instead of 3 in. X 7 in. pitching. The amount of contract was £12,489 3 0 The amount of deductions £2338 5 1 Less amount of extras . 302 7 11 2035 17 2 Total cost of Section No. 2 £10,453 5 10 Jobbing repairs to footways and repairs to paved carriageways, channels, carriageway entrances and crossings, have been carried out in the undermentioned streets by men in the employ of the Vestry FOOTWAYS. Alma-road Clarkson-street Antill-road Conyer-street Ashwell-road Cheshire-street Bethnal Green-road Collins-place Burnside-street Cambridge-road Baxendale-street Canrobert-street Braemar-street Charlotte-street 30 FOOTWAYS (Continued). Collingwood-street New Turville-strcet Coventry-street Old Ford-road Cumberland.place Old Nichol-street Chisenhale-road Old Bethnal Green-road Columbia-road Punderson's-gardens Derbyshire-place Prospect-place Durant-street Princes-court Edward-street Quilter-street Fuller-street Rushmead-street Green-street Satchwell-street George-street Squirries-street Grove-road Spicer-street Globe-road Sheep-lane Gibraltar-walk Shipton-street Gibraltar-gardens St. Peter's-street George-street, Turin-street Salisbury-place Hackney-road Salisbury-street Hassard-street Turin-street Hope-street Three Colt's-lane Hart's-lane Turville-street Lisbon-street Virginia-row Lawfranc-road Vivian-road Lessada-street Wilmot-street Morpeth-street Wimbolt-street Marian-square Whitechapel-road Mape-street Weaver-street PAVED CARRIAGEWAYS. Austin-street Bath-street Artillery-street Cheshire-street Abbey-street Collingwood-street Arundel-street Chester-street Bethnal Green-road Cumberland-place Bonner's-road Derbyshire-street Brady-street Essex-street Blythe-street Ely-place Bennet's-place Edward-street Baroness-road Fuller-street Busby-street Fleet-street-hill Bath-grove Fleet-street 31 PAVED CARRIAGEWAYS (Continued). Granby-street Old Castle-street Granby-row Old Ford-road Green-street Old Bethnal Green-road Gibraltar-walk Pritchard's-road George-street, Spicer-street Pollard-row George-street, Cambridge-road Pedley-street Hackney-road Punderson-gardens Hare-street Sclater-street Hare-marsh Satchwell-street Hassard-street St. John-street James-street Southborough-place London-street Turville-street London-street, Hackney-road Turk-street Lucas-street Three Colts-lane Lisbon-street Thomas-passage Minerva-street Virginia-row Marian-street Weaver-street New Castle-street Wilmot-street New Nichol-street Warley.street Nicholl's-row Wheeler-street Old Nichol-street York-street The old cubes removed in the course of the new paving works have been used to form new channels and crossings in various streets throughout the Parish, and in repairing old channels; those considered unfit to be relaid have been broken up by the contractor, and will be used in repairing macadamized roads. STEAM ROAD ROLLER. The following streets have been coated with the old granite removed from the thoroughfares recently paved with granite cubes, and have been rolled with steam road roller :— Hassard-street Collingwood-street, Brady-st. Duke-street Moss-street King-street Braemar-street Queen-street Tap-street Chapel-street 32 The streets enumerated below have also been recoated with new Guernsey granite and rolled with steam roller:— Globe-road Portion of Wellington-place Portion of Wellington-street „ Grosvenor-place SEWERS. The sewer in Rushmead-street (late Elizabeth-street) having for some time past been found of inadequate depth to efficiently drain the property adjacent to it, in consequence of the insufficient depth of the sewer in Old Bethnal Green-road, it was resolved to take up the 12 in. pipes and substitute pipes 18 in. in diameter. This has been carried out by men in the employ of the Vestry, the new pipes being laid at a much lower level, and connected with the new brick sewer in Mansford-street, on the Remmington Mills Estate. The lowering of the sewer in Rushmead-street afforded an opportunity for lowering the pipe sewer in Sheldon-place ; after consideration this was carried out, one-third of the estimated cost being, by arrangement, borne by Mr. T. C. Everitt, and the remainder by the Vestry. The* drains from the new urinal in Queen-street, Cambridge-road, have been laid in by men employed by the Vestry. Four hundred and ninety-four loads of sewer deposit have been removed from various sewers and carted away. Sixty-six connections with the Parish sewers have been made for the better drainage of private property. The following brick and pipe sewers have been cleansed and repaired where found necessary :— Austin-street Ely-place Approach-road Emma-street Brady-street Elwin-street Bonner-road Fleet-street Boundary-street Fournier-street Brick-lane Grove-road Bonner-lane Globe-road Columbia-road Granby-row Cheshire-street Gibraltar-walk Cooper' s-gardens Gibraltar-gardens Collingwood-street Hackney-road Duke-street Hope-street 33 Several new flushing boxes and gully gratings have been fixed, and new gullies have been constructed in the following streets:— Warner-place South-street Cordova-road Bath-grove Cranbrook-road Salisbury-place Chisenhale-road Gosset-street New gully gratings have also been fixed along the line of new paving works in Nottingham-street, White-street, Squirries-street, Warner-place, Cambridge-road, and Roman-road where considered necessary. LIGHTING. The new lamp columns supplied by Messrs. Macfarlane & Co. have been erected in the Bethnal Green-road from the corner of Edward- street to the Cambridge-road at distances of about 150 ft. New lamps have been erected as under, viz.:— Column lamp, Gibraltar-walk. Ditto Two lamps on urinal, Austin-street. Ditto Cambridge-road. Ditto Urinal, Queen-street. Ditto Ravenscroft-street. Ditto Granby-row. Ditto Corner of Church-row: Ditto Corner of Abbey-street. Ditto Hare-street, opposite Edward-street Ditto Octagon-street Ditto Old Ford-road, corner of Arthur-street Ditto Hackney-road Ditto Corfield-street Six ditto Bethnal Green-road Bracket lamp, Willow-walk Ditto Providence-place James-street Sclater-street Menotti-street South-street Northampton-street St. John-street Nelson-place Squirries-street Old Ford road Tagg-street Oval Thomas-passage Prospect-place West-street, Brady-street Pritchard's-road Wellington-street Roman-road Winchester-street Ramsey-street Warley-street Royston-street Wellington-row Satchwell-street Warner-place Shacklewell-street Weaver-street 34 Lamps have been removed from Church-row, from the urinal, Clarestreet, from Bacon-street, and from the temporary columns put up while the new street was being formed. The amount paid to the Gas Light and Coke Company for gas supplied to 785 public lamps and lighting St. John's Church clock, including repairs, &c., was / 3657 13s. 3d. The amount paid to the Commercial Gas Company for gas supplied to 63 public lamps was £273 4s. The Metropolitan Board of Works in forming the Bethnal Greenroad improvement have erected 19 additional lamps; 15 of which are supplied with gas by the Commercial Gas Company, and the remainder by the Gas Light and Coke Company. RE-NAMING AND RE-NUMBERING STREETS. The names and numbers of the streets hereunder have been altered in accordance with the Orders of the Metropolitan Board of Works. A register is kept which shews the old and the altered numbers :— Number of house. Lauriston-road, E. .. .. .. .. 2 Bonner's-road, E. .. .. .. ..81 ♦Boundary-street, E. .. .. .. .. 45 *The Broadway has been incorporated with this street. The new street is to be known as Bethnal Green road, and the portion of Bethnal Green-road from High-street, Shoreditch, to Mountstreet, is to receive its original name of " Church-street, Bethnal Green." New street lamp tablets have been fitted to the lamps in Bethnal Green-road, Hackney-road, Cambridge-road, and Green-street. Patent enamelled iron name plates have been put up at the corners of various streets. MISCELLANEOUS. I he sum of £ 281 9s. 96d. has been paid to the East London Water Company for water used in watering the roads, including the sum of £35 14s. for the use of meters fixed in the various stand-posts throughout the Parish. 35 With a view to the more efficient watering of the Parish, two new hydrants have been erected ; one in Hereford-street (District No. i), and one at Marian-square (District No. 2). A public urinal for five persons, supplied by Messrs. Walter Macfarlane & Co., has been fixed in Queen-street. A public urinal for six persons has been erected under the superintendence of the Shoreditch Vestry at the corner of Austin-street and Hackney-road, a proportion of the cost of constructing which, and the cost of future maintenance, will devolve upon this Vestry. The urinal at Clare-street, by the Cambridge Heath Station, has been removed and added to the urinal at Cabbage-court, Brick-lane. The urinal in Cambridge-road, opposite St. John's Church, has been fitted so as to have a constant supply of water. The cost of water for the annual flushing of sewers, courts, alleys, &c., amounts to £\i 3s. Through the liberality of a private donor and also of some gentlemen connected with the Vestry, the Approach-road, Victoria-parl, has been planted with plane trees at distances of about 40 ft. The work of planting commenced in February last, and proceeded satisfactorily under the personal supervision of Mr. Maclntyre of Victoria Park. The trees, 72 in number, were supplied by Messrs. Paul & Son, of Waltham Cross, and the tree guards by Messrs. Wood, of Cobham, Surrey. I am, Gentlemen, Yours most obediently, W. H. GATHERCOLE. REPORT on the SANITARY CONDITION and VITAL STATISTICS of the parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, DURING THE YEAR 1878. BY GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D., Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons and Licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh ; Fellow of the Royal Microscopical Society; and Medical Officer of Health for the Parish of Bethnal Green. london: forsa1th brothers, printers, 329, bethnal green road, e. 1879. SYNOPSIS of MEDICAL OFFICER'S ANNUAL REPORT, 1878. PAGE Inquests 1 Population 6 Deaths 11 Annual Death Rate12 Births and Birth Rate 13 Marriages 13 Deaths of Infants 13 Deaths of Young Children 14 Deaths of Old People 15 Special Causes of Death:— Zymotic Disease 15 Seven principal Zymotic Diseases 16 Small Pox 19 Measles21 Scarlatina 21 Diphtheria 21 Fever 22 Whooping Cough 22 Diarrhoea 22 Other Zymotic Diseases 23 Constitutional Disease24 Local Diseases 25 Developmental Disease 28 Violent Deaths 29 Deaths in Public Institutions 30 Workhouse Infirmary30 City of London Hospital, Victoria Park 31 Bethnall House Lunatic Asylum 32 Queen Adelaide Dispensary 32 Pauper Illness 32 London Hospita 33 Destruction of Infected Bedding36 Cow Houses 37 Regulations for Cow Sheds and Dairies 41 iv. page Slaughter Plouses 43 Bakehouses 44 Sanitary Legislation during the year 45 Disinfectants 46 Latrine Accommodation for Women49 Water Supply 54 Unsound Food 57 Sunday Scavenging50 Second-Hand Clothing59 Noxious and Offensive Trades 6o Horseflesh Dealers 6o Soap Boiling Works in Royal Victor Mews 61 Cesspools and Drains 61 Shepherd's Court, Old Nichol Street 63 Paving Courts 63 Urinal in Austin Street 64 Mortuary65 Sanitary Work 66 Tables:— I.—Shewing Population, Inhabited Houses, Births, Deaths, and Marriages for 1878 and ten years preceding. II.—Annual Birth Rate, Rate of Mortality, Death Rates among Children, and Deaths in Public Institutions, for the year 1878 and ten years preceding. III,—Deaths registered at several groups of ages, from different causes, during the year 1878. IV.—Shewing the Mortality from certain classes of Diseases, and proportions to Population, and to 1000 Deaths—1878. IV(a).—Total Births and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other causes. IV (b).—Total Marriages, Births, and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other causes—by Quarters. IV (c).—Total Births and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other causes, in London, during the year 1878. V.—Shewing the numbers of Deaths from the seven principal Zymotic Diseases, inclusive of Hospital Deaths, in the ten years 1868 and 1877, and in the year 1878. VI.—Inspectors' Report of Sanitary Work, &c. VII.—Vaccination. VIII.—Analysis of the Mortality in London during the year 1878. IX..—Area, Population, Density, and Mortality in England and London. REPORT. Gentlemen, I have the honour to lay before you, in my present Report, the Vital Statistics for the fifty-two weeks comprising the registration year 1878, which terminated on the 28th of December last. I thus follow the plan commenced in my last Report, and take, as nearly as possible, the natural year, instead of the four quarters ending the 25th of March, as was the former custom, The Statistical Tables, in the Appendix, are prepared upon the forms compiled by the Society of Medical Officers of Health; the greatest care has been taken to ensure accuracy, and no trouble has been spared to render them as complete as possible. INQUESTS. During the year 1878, one-hundred and ninety-eight, or six and a half per cent., of the total deaths, were the subject of enquiry by the Coroner; of these, ninety were violent deaths, the others being such as to necessitate an inquest into the circumstances under which they occurred. The proportion of inquest cases to the total deaths for the whole of London was 6.7 per cent. Twenty-seven deaths, 0.8 per cent., were registered without either inquest or medical certificate. Twenty 2 of these deaths were those of infants, in many instances only a few hours old, the mothers having been attended in their confinements by midwives; in every instance the death was returned by the attendant accoucheuse as from convulsions. As the deaths are recorded in the official register as from this cause, I have classified them accordingly, but I have very considerable doubt as to the accuracy of the certificate, and should be more inclined to consider that, in most instances, the cause of death was non-expansion of the lungs, resulting either from debility or prolonged labour. Particulars of the other seven cases were laid before the Coroner, who, however, was of opinion that the circumstances of the deaths were not such as to call for special enquiry; they were, therefore, registered without medical certificate or inquest, and upon such information as could be obtained from the friends and relations of the deceased, they were respectively entered upon the register as from Natural Decay accelerated by want of proper nourishment—Convulsions (2 J—Internal Tumour and Exhaustion—" Marasmus (doctor refused to certify),"—Pulmonary Congestion (same remark) — Old Age—and Asthma. In declining to hold inquests in these oases, the Coroner was acting strictly within his powers, as the fact of no medical certificate being forthcoming does not necessitate an inquest, though it is usual for the registrar to take the Coroner's opinion before registering such deaths. 3 By Act of Parliament, passed in the fourth year of the reign of King Edward IV., entitled de officio coronatoris, and still uniformly acted upon, the following are specified as cases in which inquests are required to be held:— All violent deaths. All casualties by which death ensues. All sudden deaths. Persons found dead, and particularly children whose deaths are sudden, or occasioned by suspicious or mysterious circumstances. Persons dying in prison. Lunatics who die by suicide. And felons of themselves. Besides enquiring into these causes of death, Coroners have certain other duties, as will be seen from the following extract, which is taken from an ancient summary of duties of Coroner by Britton:— "P. 42.—It also belongs to their office to enquire of ancient treasure found in the earth, of wreck of the sea, of sturgeons, and of whales when he shall have notice thereof, and to attach and let to main-prize the finders, and those who eloign or secrete them, and to enrol and record their names, and to secure the findings to our use." It will thus be seen that the Coroner's court is an institution of great antiquity, and of extensive power ; but, as sanitarians, what chiefly concerns us is, that the court sits to ascertain the cause of death, and in order to arrive at a conclusion medical evidence is usually taken. In the existing state of the law it is necessary that the inquest be held upon what is called a view of 4 the body. That is to say, the jury, accompanied by the Coroner's officer, proceed to the room where the corpse lies, and inspect it. Now, this view is a relic of olden times, when skilled evidence of the cause of death was not usually forthcoming, and an inspection of the body was, in many cases, the only means by which a jury could arrive at their verdict, how the deceased person came by his death. In the present day, with medical evidence available, such view is entirely unnecessary, and is, moreover, not devoid of certain grave disadvantages. In the first place, it is repulsive, and often dangerous, since the subject of the inquest may have died of some contagious disorder; and, secondly, it is usual, in order to save the time of the Coroner and jury, to hold the inquest at the public house nearest to the place where the dead body lies, as the Coroner has only power to order the removal of bodies to the public mortuary when a post-mortem examination is requisite in order to ascertain the cause of death. The Jury are usually summoned to be present some little time before the Coroner is expected, and while waiting for him they hang about the bar of the public house, and are under great temptation to pass away the time by taking "friendly glasses" with each other. Should the Coroner be late (for it is utterly impossible to accurately gauge the time each inquest will take, and there are frequently several held upon the same day, at places widely remote), idleness and opportunity will probably cause the friendly glass to be repeated, and, 5 by the time the enquiry commences, some members of the jury may be none the clearer as to intellect for the process. Now, were this view of the body—this relic of barbarism—dispensed with, the attendant abuses above referred to would be avoided. The inquest could be held in a suitable court-room provided in each parish, the ends of justice would be materially expedited, and the Coroner's court would gain in dignity by the change. Take, for instance, the case of a woman who has neglected her child, and thereby contributed in any way to its death: the evidence may not be sufficiently strong for the jury to bring in a verdict of manslaughter, still they feel that the case should not be passed over in silence, and accordingly they append a vote of censure to their verdict, and the mother is recalled to receive the solemn words of censure and warning from the lips of the Coroner. Now, the impression made would probably be much greater, and more lasting, if the surroundings of the court were such as to harmonize with its dignity, instead of being those of a public-house parlour reeking with the fumes of tobacco-smoke and beer. In this parish inquests could be held in the Vestryhall, a large, handsome room, eminently suitable for the purpose, and as the Coroner is empowered to order a sum of money to be paid for the use of a proper room, such payment would amply cover the expenses of cleaning and rearranging the hall after the closing of the court. 6 POPULATION. As yearly vital statistics take for their basis the numbers of the population actually existent, it is of the utmost importance that a correct estimate of the increase of the population since the last census should be formed for each year intervening between the two periods ; such estimate must take into account not only the growth of the population by the excess of the births over the deaths, but also the fluctuation produced by emigration and immigration. On the Continent, where the increase of the population is nothing like so rapid as in this country, the census is taken every five years; but in England, unfortunately, this troublesome, though very necessary enumeration is made only once in ten years; the last occasion upon which this was done was March, 1871. The actual density of the population is continually increasing. A great deal of new building is going on in the outskirts of London, but in this district, as nearly all the available ground is covered, building really means rebuilding so as to house greater numbers than before. By the operations of the Metropolitan Board of Works, the Industrial Dwellings Company, and the owners of the Wilmot Square Estate, considerable spaces of ground, formerly covered with dwellings, in many instances each having a considerable space of garden ground, have been cleared away, and the vacant land is, or will be soon, occupied with huge 7 like buildings known as "model dwellings." In the meanwhile the late occupants of the destroyed houses, have either left the neighbourhood or, if this has not been convenient, have crowded up closer the already densely-packed dwellings of the district. Now, in forming an estimate of population this exodus must be taken into account. At the date of the last census in March, 1871, the population of Bethnal Green was 120,104. From that date to Midsummer, 1878, there havebeen 37,241 births and 21,383 deaths; the excess of the births over the deaths represents the natural increaso of the population, and amounts to 15,858 ; this, added to the census population in 1871, brings up the number to 135,962, and shews what our population would have been had there been no emigration from the district. But as we know this has taken place to a very considerable extent, and has not been counterbalanced by a corresponding immigration, this number would represent our population at a very much higher figure than is actually the case . we are therefore obliged to resort to an expedient, and estimate our population. Now, the method given for performing this operation, in that most useful book, HarVs Manual of Public Ilealth, is the following: "This," the estimated population, "is approximately found by the method pursued by the Registrar-General— that is to say, by adding to the population as enumerated at the last census a tenth of the difference between that number and the number obtained at the previous 8 census for each year that has elapsed since the last census; and a fortieth of that difference for each odd quarter."A similar plan is given in Wilsort3 Handbook Population in Bethnal Green in 1871 was 120,104 „ ,, in 1861 was 105,100 15,004 -: 10=1500'4 representing the yearly increase. Seven and a quarter times this yearly increase= 10,877.9, which added to the 1871 population would represent the estimate for the middle of 1878 at 130,989. In past reports it has been my custom, and that of many of my colleagues, to work by the plan given above, but I now believe I have been underestimating my population for the want of knowing better; my attention was first drawn to the matter by a very able article in the Sanitary Record for March 28th, 1879. The writer, after describing the plan attributed to the Begistrar-General by the authors of the manuals previously mentioned, points out that the RegistrarGeneral's plan assumes that the rate of increase, not the actual increase, of population in a town will be the same during a current decade as that which occurred in the preceding decade. It would involve an obvious fallacy to assume that the actual average annual increase of population during the present decade will not be greater than it was in the preceding one ; this would be to ignore the well known law that the rate of increase is geometrical, and not merely arithmetical. Population, like capital when the interest is re-invested, increases 9 by compound instead of by simple interest only. Instead of taking the difference between the population enumerated in 1861 and 1871, the difference between the logarithms of those numbers affords the true method for ascertaining the rate of increase. The article concludes with the following paragraph :— " It is scarcely necessary to repeat in conclusion that in an increasing population each year's increase is larger than that of the preceding year, and that any method of calculation which assumes that the annual increase throughout a decade is equal must be fallacious. The calculation of the true annual rate of increase, which is so simple by logarithms, would cover acres of paper by common arithmetic; this will be apparent to anyone who realises the fact that the annual rate is the tenth root of the rate of increase in ten years." Now, as before stated, the population of Bethnal Green in 1871 was 120,104, and in 1861 105,100, the logarithms of these two numbers respectively are 5*0795574 and 5*0216030, the difference between them is *0579544, which is the logarithm of the rate of increase of population during the ten years 1861 to 1871. Seven-tenths and a fortieth of this logarithm (for the seven and a quarter years since the 1871 census) amounts to *04201694, and this, added to the logarithm of the population in 1871, amounts to 5'12157444, which is the logarithm of the population in the middle of 1878, and the number to which is 132,304. Strictly according to the Registrar-General's plan this would be the estimate of the population for Bethnal 10 Green in the middle of 1878. Checked by the average birth rate, this figure appears too groat, and makes no allowance for the people temporarily displaced by the building operations previously referred to. I have, therefore, thought it advisable to reduce it, and to fix the estimate in round numbers at 132,000. The area of Bethnal Green is 755 acres, and the number of occupied houses 17,311, a population of 174.8 to the acre, and an average of 7.7 persons to each house. On reference to the Registrar General's report we learn that the density of population for the whole of London was 7.8 persons to each house, and 47.5 to each acre. In the following table, which Mr. Lapworth has kindly prepared for me from the rate books, the distribution of the houses, workshops, and factories in the several wards of the parish will be seen at a gllance. TABLE A. Number of Houses, Workshops, d-c., in the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. DIVISIONS. Inhabited Houses. Workshops separate from houses. Saw Mills and Timber Yards. Schools. REMARKS. East Ward 4976 32 13 13 A Brickfield in the District. West Ward (North Division) 2675 54 11 3 .. .. West Ward (South Division) 1650 9 15 4 Two Railway Arches. North Ward 3019 18 22 5 South Ward 4991 17 20 170 Railway Arches used as Warehouses, &c. Total 17311 113 78 45 11 DEATHS. The number of deaths registered during the year 1878 has been 2951, against 2886 last year, but out of this number 164 were strangers; that is to say, that though dying either in the Park Hospital, the Workhouse, or the Bethnall House Asylum, they were nonresidents who had been removed for treatment into these institutions from other parts of the country; they are, therefore, deducted from the total number of deaths. But as all over London there are numerous Hospitals in which, undoubtedly, inhabitants of Bethnal Green die, we must ascertain our share of these deaths and add them on. Now, it would be almost impossible, each year, to search the books of the various metropolitan public institutions for the purpose of ascertaining the previous residence of every person dyiug within their walls; but we know, from published returns, that in the year 1878 15,381 persons did die in the hospitals of London, and this gives an hospital death rate of 4.2 per thousand population, at which rate our proportion would be 554. As only 301 inhabitants of Bethnal Green died in the Hospitals within our boundaries, 253, the difference between this number and 554, may be fairly added on to our deaths, raising the total to 3040, against 2981 in the previous year; the births during the like period were 5195 against 5169 in 1877—the excess of the births over the deaths being 25 less in 1878 than it was in 12 1879. The births and deaths are tabulated below:— TABLE B. 1877. 1878. Estimated population in the middle of the year. 129,600 132,000 Total Births 5,169 5,195 Total Deaths 2,989 3,040 Excess of Births over Deaths, shewing the natural increase of the population. 2,180 2,155 ANNUAL DEATH RATE. Calculating from the figures in the preceding table, we get an annual death rate for the year 1878 of 23.0 per thousand, against a precisely similar rate last year, the corresponding rate for all London being 21.9 in 1877 and 23.5 in 1878. The subjoined table compares the mortality rates for this parish and for all London by quarters; the quarterly rate for Bethnal Green is calculated by multiplying the number of deaths by 4, and adding on a relative proportion of the extra parochial hospital deaths:— TABLE C. London. Bethnal Green March Quarter 25.6 23.07 June „ 22.5 21.00 September ,, 22.1 22.10 December ,, 23.7 24.13 13 This death rate of only 23.0 per thousand, though no diminution of that for last year, is a matter for considerable congratulation, as it is 0.5 per thousand less than the general metropolitan rate, which, owing to the fearfully inclement winter, was very much beyond that of the previous year; the rates in the metropolitan districts were as follows:—21.6 in the West districts, 22.3 in the North, 24.9 in the Central, 24.9 in the East, and 24.2 in the South. BIRTHS AND BIRTH RATE. 5195 Children were born in the parish during the year, a rate of 39.3 per thousand population, the corresponding rate for the whole of London being 36.2, a difference in our favour of 3.1. MARRIAGES. 1219 couples were united in matrimony in Bethnal Green during the year, a marriage rate of 18.4 persons married to one thousand persons living. This is an exceptionally low rate, and is, I suppose, accounted for by the great depression to which trade has been subjected during the past year. DEATHS OF INFANTS. Though 5,125 children were born during the year, only 4,408 survived, 787 having died before attaining the age of one year, giving a rate of 145.7 per thousand births, 266 per thousand deaths, or 5.7 per thousand population; that is to say, out of every seven children 14 brought into the world only six live to the age of one year; and though this looks a very high mortality, it contrasts favourably with the corresponding rate for the whole of London, which was 164 per thousand births. The greatest number of deaths were from Atrophy 147, —Convulsions 109,—Bronchitis 74,—Pneumonia 84, —Pertussis 64,—Tabes Mesenterica 51,—Premature Birth 48,—Diarrhoea 40,—Suffocation 39. DEATHS OF YOUNG CHILDREN. ( Under 5 years of agt.) Out of the 2,951 deaths registered in this district, 1443—48.8 per cent., or very nearly half, were those of young children under the age of five years. Now, the deaths of young children are considered by authorities to be a very good index of the sanitary condition of a district; but, as pointed out in a leading article in the Sanitary Record for December 20th, 1878 (which was a review of my last report), a death rate calculated on the estimated population at all ages is utterly unscientific and worthless. I have, thereforo estimated a population of young children for 1878 in this district, and fix the number at 19,939. The plan I have adopted in forming my estimate is that recommended in the article previously referred to, and is to assume that the proportion of young children to persons older than five years remains the same that it did when the census was taken in 1871, at which time there were 18,142 children under five years, 15 to 101,962 persons over that age ; assuming these proportions to remain relatively the same in 1878, the number of young children then existing would be 19,939; taking this estimate as the basis of our calculation we shew a death rate of 72.37 per thousand children living, against a corresponding rate of 78.3 for all London; so far as we are concerned we may look upon this as fairly satisfactory. DEATHS OF OLD PEOPLE. The estimated population of old people upon the same plan as that given above would be 7,561, and as 545 deaths were registered amongst people aged over 60 years, we shew a death rate of 72.07 per thousand living at that age. The corresponding rate for all London was 76.4. SPECIAL CAUSES OF DEATH. (Vide Table III.) Class I.—ZYMOTIC DISEASE. • The orders included under this head are Miasmatic, Enthetic, and Parasitic. The total number of deaths from all four orders was 557, of which 440, or nearly four-fifths, were those of young children, amongst whom the greatest mortality occurred between the ages of one and two years, 7 8 children under the latter age dying from Whooping Cough, 27 from Diarrhoea, and 24 from Measles. 16 SEVEN PRINCIPAL ZYMOTIC DISEASES. Amongst the special causes of death we take as first, from a sanitary point of view, that important class of diseases to which, amongst others, belong those which are contagious and infectious, the contagion also of which is specific for each disease; that is to say, it passes in some way from those already affected to others who, though sound, are in all probability in some way predisposed to receive it, where finding a fit soil, it grows and multiplies therein, and is again communicated to others. It is customary to take the principal and most infectious diseases of this class, and to calculate what is called a Zymotic rate upon the deaths. Now, this selection, which is that adopted by the Registrar-General, is purely arbitrary, and really includes ten distinct diseases ; though, as all fevers are grouped under one general head, and Diarrhoea and Cholera under another, they are commonly spoken of as the seven principal Zymotic diseases. Now, this plan is convenient, as by adopting it a comparison maybe readilymade with other districts. All the diseases under this head are highly contagious or infectious, with one exception, and this is Diarrhoea; but as this disease is very commonly caused by bad sanitary conditions, and is indeed, under certain circumstances, also infectious, it is advisable to retain it. The first six of these diseases occur, as a rule, once only during a life time, the incidence of the disease seeming to exhaust the capability of the individual to 17 again receivc the contagion, which is thus supposed to produce some change in the blood, somewhat after the fashion in which a ferment acts upon sweetwort and changes it into beer; hence the term, from a Greek word Zulm, signifying yeast. Another characteristic of these affections is that each one breeds true; that is to say, Small Pox breeds Small Pox; and Typhus, Typhus; the one is never communicated from the other, and neither of them can arise by itself. The registered deaths from these seven diseases were 477 against 521 last year, a decrease of 44, The subjoined table shews the mortality for the current year contrasted with the previous one. TABLE D. 1877. 1878. Small Pox 47 22 Measles 142 59 Scarlet Fever 93 68 Diphtheria 8 14 Whooping Cough 89 192 Fever Typhus 5 5 Enteric 22 26 Simple 11 5 Diarrhoea 95 80 Cholera 7 6 18 477 registered deaths, raising the numbers to 525, and giving a Zymotic death rate of 3.9 per thousand against 4.4 last year; the Zymotic death rate for London being 4.1. The following table is compiled from the weekly returns of the Small Pox and Fever hospitals, and shews the numbers from this Parish for the year 1878. TABLE E. Disease. Number of Patients remaining in Hospital according to last Return. Number of Patients in Hospital. Admitted. Died. Discharged. Small Pox 11 0 188 33 166 Fever 6 8 73 15 56 Now, one of the most satisfactory features in the present report is the favourable rate of mortality from the diseases in this group (which are all of the class known as preventible)and this, notwithstanding the fact that for a considerable portion of the year we were still in the midst of an epidemic of Small Pox. The decennial average of Zymotic diseases for the ten years 1868 to 1877 would be 610.4, so that this year we number one-sixth less than the average. The deaths in Bethnal Green were equal to 172 in every thousand from all causes, while those for London were 176 per thousand, a fairly satisfactory condition of things so far as we are concerned. 19 In the following table is shewn the percentage of each one of these on the total number of Zymotic deaths, including those in hospital. TABLE F. Small Pox 10.47 per cent., or 1 in 9.54 deaths. Measles 11.23 ,, „ 8.89 „ Scarlatina 12.95 7.72 „ Diphtheria 2.66 ,, 37.50 ,, Whooping Cough 30.57 2.73 ,, Fever 9.71 10.29 „ Diarrhoea 15.23 6.56 „ Cholera 1.12 „ „ 84.33 „ SMALL POX. (Decennial average 78). 334 cases of this disease were reported to us as having occurred in the parish, 22 of these died in their own homes, while 188 were removed to the Small Pox hospital, of whom 33 died. Of the 22 deaths in the parish two only were returned as vaccinated, one other was entered as vaccinated too late, another as ten days after vaccination, and a third, aged two years, as twice unsuccessfully vaccinated ; all three I have classed as unvaccinated. In the remaining cases the death certificates contained no information upon the point; the reason for this probably is, that as a rule medical men do not like to record a death from Small Pox after vaccination, unless they are reasonably convinced of the fact, and as efficient vaccination always leaves a well marked cicatrix, we are justified in maintaining a discreet silence if such cicatrix be not visible, although the parents may 20 vehemently maintain that the patient has been vaccinated. The following table shews the age distribution of the fatal cases in this parish. TABLE G. Age:— Under three months. 0-1 1—2 2—5 5—15 15—25 25—40 Over 40 Total. Not stated 0 1 0 2 2 2 3 2 12 Vaccinated 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 2 Not Vaccinated 1 2 1 1 3 0 0 0 8 Totals 1 3 2 3 6 2 3 2 22 I cannot refrain from asserting that it is my opinion that our comparative immunity from Small Pox is owing to the well known efficiency of our public Vaccinators, Messrs. Smart and Welch; for though undoubtedly numbers of cases pass through the hands of private practitioners, yet in the great majority of instances these two gentlemen perform the operation, and for this reason, combined with the energetic manner in which our Vaccination Officer, Mr. Winter, discovers and brings to book defaulters, we have fewer cases of Small Pox than might be expected. Isolation, too, has been pretty thoroughly carried out, the greater portion of the cases having been removed almost as soon as discovered. Unfortunately, however, in Hope Street, one or two persons declined to submit to removal, with the result of rapidly spreading the disease to the neighbouring houses. I regret to say 21 that the present state of the law does not permit of my compelling these persons to leave their homes while suffering from this fearfully contagious malady. I must again thank the district surgeons, and the relieving officers, for their assistance in getting oases removed to Hospital. MEASLES. (Decennial average 82). This disease was, as usual, prevalent, and caused 59 deaths, all except three amongst young children, the greatest mortality being between the ages of one and two years, SCARLATINA. (Decennial average 122.9). Scarlet Fever, with its sequelae of kidney trouble, was the cause of 68 deaths, 41 of these were young children. DIPHTHERIA. {Decennial average 6.8). Fourteen deaths are classed under this head, though eleven only were so registered; the other three cases, I was privately informed by the practitioner in attendance, were cases of contagious sore throat, ending fatally. For some reason, best known to himself, this medical gentleman did not choose to certify them as Diphtheria, but I have so classed them notwithstanding. 22 FEVER. (Deoennial average 67.7). The three different kinds of Fever caused 36 deaths, 26 of these were Enteric, 5 Typhus, and 5 simple ; 15 other cases occurred amongst patients removed from this parish to the Asylums Board hospitals, but I have no information as to what kind of fever they were suffering from; the total number of deaths, including the Hospital cases, was 51, three more than last year. I must state that one other case was certified as "Typhus three days, Disease of Uterus some months." I am of opinion, from circumstances which came to my knowledge, that the case was one of advanced Cancer in the Womb, sinking into a Typhus-like condition during the last few days of her life. WHOOPING COUGH. {Decennial average 113). Whooping Cough was extremely fatal, and caused the greatest mortality amongst diseases of the Zymotic Class: the number of deaths was 192, more than six per cent, of the total deaths from all causes, a greater number than in any single year of which I have a record. This disease is most peculiar in its contagion. It seems to be readily communicated to other children within hearing of the affected one. It is mostly a children's disorder, and when prevalent it is a common thing, upon entering a train or omnibus full of people, to hear the characteristic cough and whoop from some child 23 sitting on its mother's knee. The disease continues so long, and is so apt to recur, even after a considerable period of convalescence, that measures of isolation are seldom even attempted, as it is a well known fact that, after a certain stage in the disease, when the acute symptoms have subsided, fresh air is beneficial to the patient, though the infective character of the disease remains. Such persons, however, should not be allowed to enter public conveyances, but should take the air where there is the least chance of meeting other children, and communicating the disease. DIARRHCEA. (Decennial average 140). 86 deaths were caused by Diarrhoea, all except twelve amongst infants under two years of age; about twenty more were certified as Diarrhoea, in conjunction with some other disease. When I have judged from the evidence of the medical certificate that the Diarrhoea was simply a symptom of another affection, I have preferred to classify the death under the alternative heading. Six of the deaths were returned as Cholera, they were probably from severe Choleraic Diarrhoea. OTHER ZYMOTIC DISEASES. Dysentery caused two deaths, Croup 21, Rheumatism 12, seven being from the acute and five from the chronic form of this painful malady; in addition to these, the great majority of the sufferers from Heart Disease date the commencement of their illness from 24 an attack of Rheumatism, which though not of itself very often fatal, yet mortally maims many. Erysipelas caused seven deaths, four of which were those of young children; only one death was certified as Puerperal Fever, though twelve were credited to Child-birth. Enthetic Diseases.— Privation caused one death, but as the case was the subject of an inquest in which the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder, I have placed it amongst the violent deaths; Want of Breast Milk was the cause of eleven deaths; Alcoholism of eight, five being cases of Delirium Tremens. In several instances, however, where the deaths were the subject of enquiry by the Coroner, the fatal termination was, in the opinion of the jury, accelerated by drink. CONSTITUTIONAL DISEASE. 606 deaths were credited to this class, which includes two orders, Diathetic and Tubercular. Cancer caused 49 deaths, most of them of middle aged persons; Mortification nine, three of which were Senile Gangrene; one Noma Pudendi ; the other five were cases of Gangrene of the abdominal walls in infants, commencing at the umbilicus, a form of disease which has its analogue in the "navel ill" of the lower animals. Gout caused five deaths, and Dropsy fourteen. Tubercular Diseases were accountable for 423 deaths, of which no less than 372 were from Pulmonary 26 Phthisis alone. In this number of deaths, however, are included those of patients in the Victoria Park Chest Hospital, many of whom were only temporarily resident in the district for purposes of treatment. Of these 372 deaths (the highest mortality from any single disease), 351 were amongst persons over five years of age. Young children, as a rule, if they are the subjects of Tuberculosis, suffer from Tabes Mesenterica, which is a form of the same disease, but affecting the glands of the bowels instead of the lungs. This disease caused 89 deaths, all except four amongst young children. Hydrocephalus, which includes Tubercular Meningitis (an almost invariably fatal disease) caused 26 deaths; this is another children's malady, for all, except one, were under five years of age. The total deaths caused by Tubercular diseases, exclusive of those from Hydrocephalus, were 156 out of every thousand, a mortality of 3.6 per thousand persons living at all ages. Class III.— LOCAL DISEASES. This group includes the diseases of the various organs of the body, and is the most comprehensive of the six classes ; the total deaths under this head were 1,279, of which 552 were those of young children. Order I.— Nervous System. 400 deaths; of these Cephalitis, or Inflammation of the Brain and its Membranes, caused 57 deaths, all except thirteen amongst 26 young children, 34 of whom were under two years of age; very many of these were, in all probability, cases of Tubercular Meningitis, but as they were not so certified, I did not feel at liberty to place them under the head of Hydrocephalus. Apoplexy caused 67 deaths, mostly amongst elderly people; Paralysis, which is usually a symptom of some disease of the nervous system, caused 33 deaths; Insanity caused 35 deaths, mostly amongst patients at the Bethnall House Asylum, and many of them strangers; Epilepsy caused 16 deaths; Convulsions 155, all amongst young children, 68 of the latter being infants under three months. The deaths from the various convulsive diseases of young children (a group which includes Hydrocephalus 48, Infantile Meningitis 44, Convulsions 155, Teething 15) caused 221 deaths, 15*3 per cent, of the total deaths of young children from all causes, a mortality of 11 per thousand on the estimated population of children under five years of age. Order II.— Organs of Circulation.— Diseases of these organs caused 153 deaths, of which two were Pericarditis, five Aneurism, and the rest Disease of the Heart. Under this head are included several deaths from Rheumatic Heart Affection. Order III.— Respiratory Organs. The extraordinarily severe winter increased the fatality from this class of diseases very materially; the deaths were 600 against 533 last year. The deaths from Pulmonary Disease (excluding Phthisis) were 19 per cent, of 27 the total deaths from all causes, a mortality of 4-4 per thousand population. The following Table distributes the Pulmonary deaths, and shews the mean temperature for the four quarters of the year. TABLE H. Quarter ending Children under five years. Persons from five to fifty-five. Persons above fifty-five. Total. Mean Temperature. March 80 51 70 201 41.5 June 61 19 35 115 54.6 September 58 11 19 88 60.8 December 103 41 62 206 41.6 Total 302 122 186 610 49.6 Mean Temperature for the year. Order IV.— Digestive Organs. The diseases connected with the organs of Digestion caused 90 deaths 35 of these were from affections of the Liver, 11 from Diseases of the Stomach, 35 from Inflammation of the Bowels (Enteritis and Peritonitis). Order V.— Diseases of the Urinary Organs caused 16 deaths, 11 of which were cases of Bright's Disease. Order VI.— Organs of Generation. Three deaths only were recorded under the head of Disease of the Womb; ten other cases of malignant disease of this organ are classed as Cancer. Order VII.— Organs of Locomotion. Various diseases of Bones and Joints caused ten deaths. 28 Order VIII.— Integumentary System. Abscesses and Carbuncles caused six deaths, ono-half of which were amongst young children. Class IV.— DEVELOPMENTAL DISEASE. 407 deaths were thus classed; 234 of which were amongst young children; 48 wer prematurely born; 4 had Deformed Hearts; 3, Deformed Spines; and 6, some other malformation. To Teething I have credited only twelve deaths, though the certificates, in many instances, gave this cause (with some other) as having contributed to the death. Now, it must be borne in mind, that dentition is a perfectly natural process, and, in a healthy child, should give rise to little or no constitutional disturbance. If a child should happen to have Convulsions while dentition is proceeding, they are at once set down as caused by it; but as often as not the Convulsions, from which the child dies, are to be accounted for by the presence of improper food or some other irritant in the intestinal canal. I have, therefore, preferred, when the medical certificate states the death to have been caused by Dentition and Convulsions, to class it under the latter heading instead of the former, as the one statement is the expression of an obvious fact, while the other is, in many cases at least, merely an opinion. Twelve deaths were caused by Childbirth, precisely the same number as last year. 29 Old Age was the registered cause of 144 deaths. In numerous instances, however, decay of nature is stated by the certifying medical man to have contributed to the death. I have, however, only classed those as old age when no other cause was stated; a large proportion of these deaths occurred in the Workhouse Infirmary. Atrophy and Debility caused 178 deaths, all except 16 amongst young children. Adding to these the other wasting diseases of young children previously spoken of, namely, Want of Breast Milk 11, and Premature Birth 48, we get a total of 221 deaths, being 18 per cent, of the total deaths of young children, a mortality of 13.1 per thousand on the estimated population of children under five years of age. Class V.— VIOLENT DEATHS. These numbered 90; and, with the exception of two cases of fractured ribs and Bronchitis, all were returned by the Coroner. Suffocation caused 50 deaths, all, except 9, amongst young children, 23 of whom were infants aged less than three months. It is sad to reflect that these lives were probably wasted through the carelessness of the parents. Fractures and Contusions caused 18 deaths; one of these was returned as "Congestion of the Lungs, knocked down by one bicycle and run over by another." Wounds and drowning caused each six deaths ; poison, four; and burns and scalds, two. 30 Fifteen of the violent deaths were suicidal, twelve being from hanging, and one each from poison and cut throat. Two were returned as homicide; one was a case of criminal neglect of a child, aged five months, and the other the wilful murder of a newly-born infant. In twelve instances the cause of death was returned in such an ill-defined manner as to render it impossible to properly classify the disease. DEATHS IN PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS. 465 deaths occurred in the various public institutions of the parish; of these 317 happened in the workhouse (197 males, 120 females), 97 in the City of London Hospital for Diseases of the Chest (56 males, 23 females), 59 in the Bethnall House Asylum (34 males, 25 females). WORKHOUSE INFIRMARY. Dr. King, the Resident Medical Officer at the workhouse, has kindly furnished me with the following particulars. New Cases admitted into St. Matthew's Infirmary, from January 1st to December 30th, 1878. New Cases. Deaths. Quarter ending 25th March, 1878 . 429 87 ,, 24th June, 1878 410 59 ,, 30th September, 1878 463 72 ,, 30th December, 1878 498 99 Total 1800 317 31 CITY OF LONDON HOSPITAL FOE DISEASES OF THE CHEST, VICTORIA PARK. Dr. Olebar, the Resident Physician at this valuable Institution, kindly sends me the following report: — MEDICAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR 1878. In-Patients. Patients under treatment on the 1st January, 1878 101 Admitted since 766 867 Remaining under treatment on 31st December, 1878 ,. 95 Total under treatment during the year 772 Of these there have been— more or less relieved 695 died 77 Patients admitted from the opening of the Wards, in 1855, to the 31st December, 1878 13,335 Average number resident throughout the year 82 Out-Patients. Under treatment on the 1st January, 1878 1,210 Admitted since 14,867 16,077 Remaining under treatment on 31st December, 1878 1,085 Total treated during the year 14,992 Patients admitted from the opening of the Institution, in 1848, to the 31st December, 1878 295,924 Average attendance of Out-Patients each week 1,248 Of the 776 In-Patients admitted during the year 1878, 34 gave their addresses as Bethnal Green, while of the 14,867 Out-Patients 2,197 gave a similar place of residence. 32 BETHNALL HOUSE LUNATIC ASYLUM. To the courtesy of Dr. Millar I am indebted for the following return: No. of Patients on 1st January, 1878 69 males, and 93 females. Admitted during the year 1878 181 „ 216 ,, Discharged ,, ,, 70 ,, 85 ,, Died ,, ,, 36 ,, 25 „ No. of Patients remaining 1st Jan.,'79 144 ,, 199 ,,-Total 343 Average number resident during 1878 124 ,, 165 ,, QUEEN ADELAIDE'S DISPENSARY. The Medical Report of this Charity gives the following results:— Patients under medical treatment at the commencement of 1878 425 New Patients admitted who have had advice and medicine gratia at the Dispensary, or at their own homes 3122 Visited at their own homes 560 Have died 44 Still under medical treatment 987 "With reference to the remainder, about one-half are permanently cured, the others receive such relief and assistance as medical aid can render." PAUPER ILLNESS. 33 The following return, extracted from the books of the District Medical Officers, shews the number of new cases attended by them:— District. March 31. June 30. Sept. 30. Dec. 31. Mr. Massingham No. 1 188 138 78 130 Dr. Welch No. 2 245 211 217 210 Dr. Richards No. 3 89 95 82 108 Mr. Defriez No. 4 96 83 96 93 Dr. Burgess No. 5 90 71 90 80 Mr. Owen No. 6 137 153 116 151 845 751 679 772 LONDON HOSFITAL. The following Tables, which contain particulars of the cases removed from this parish, and treated in the London Hospital, will probably be read with interest; the numbers are not included in our mortality returns (except indirectly in the estimate) as they occurred beyond the boundaries of the district. By a recent regulation of the authorities of the London Hospital, immediate information of all cases of Zymotic disease amongst patients applying for treatment at the hospital is communicated to us. It is to be hoped that other hospitals may be induced to follow the example set by this magnificent charity, which is the largest of its kind throughout Great Britain. I must here express my thanks, and record my estimation of the great value of the information thus supplied. The total number of medical cases received into this Hospital from Bethnal Green was 246; of these 35 terminated fatally. 3 MALES. March Quarter. Occupations. Total Number of Cases. Fatal Cases. General Diseases. Class I. General Diseases. Class II. Arthritic Diseases. Diseases of Nervous System. Diseases of Vascular System. Diseases of Respiratory System. Diseases of Digestive System. Diseases of Urinary System. Zymotic Diseases. Labourer In-door, Heavy Work 3 1 .. .. .. .. .. 3 .. .. .. „ Light Work 16 2 .. .. 2 2 3 4 4 1 .. Out-door, Heavy Work 13 2 1 .. 2 2 1 3 4 .. 1 ,, Light Work 5 1 .. .. 1 1 .. 1 1 .. .. Seamen .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. Professional .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Clerks .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children and persons of no occupation 5 2 1 .. .. 2 .. 1 1 .. .. Total No. of cases 43 .. 2 .. 5 7 4 12 11 1 1 Fatal cases .. 8 .. 1 .. .. 2 13 2 .. .. June Quarter. Labourer In-door, Heavy Work 2 .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. ,, Light Work 13 1 .. 1 2 4 2 2 .. 2 .. Out-door, Heavy Work 10 2 2 .. 1 2 1 2 2 .. 1 ,, Light Work 2 .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. Seamen 1 .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professional .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Clerks .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 5 2 .. .. .. 1 1 2 1 .. .. Persons of no occupation 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Total No. of cases 34 .. 3 1 3 11 5 6 3 2 1 Fatal cases .. 5 .. .. .. 2 1 2 .. .. .. September Quarter. 'Labourer In-door, Heavy Work 2 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. ,, Light Work 13 3 3 3 2 2 .. 2 .. 1 2 Out-door, Heavy Work 7 1 .. 1 1 .. 1 2 1 1 .. ,, Light Work 6 1 1 1 1 1 .. 1 1 .. 1 Seamen .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professional .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Clerks .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 10 1 2 1 .. 2 1 2 2 .. 2 Persons of no occupation 1 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Total number of cases 39 .. 7 7 4 5 2 7 4 3 5 Fatal cases .. 7 • • 4 .. 1 1 1 .. .. .. December Quarter. Labourer In-door, Heavy Work 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. ,, Light Work 10 3 2 .. 1 4 .. 2 .. 1 2 Out-door, Heavy Work 7 1 .. .. 1 .. .. 2 3 1 .. ,, Light Work 3 1 .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. 1 .. seamen .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professional 1 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. Clerks 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. Children 4 1 1 .. .. 1 .. 2 .. .. 1 Persons of no occupation .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Total No. of cases 27 6 3 .. 4 6 .. 7 4 3 3 Fatal cases .. 6 .. .. .. 2 .. 2 .. 2 .. FEMALES. March Quarter. Occupations. Total Number of Cases. Fatal Cases. General Diseases. Class I. General Diseases. Class II. Arthritic Diseases. Diseases of Nervous System. Diseases of Vascular System. Diseases of Respiratory System. Diseases of Digestive System. Diseases of Urinary System. Diseases of Generative Organs. Zymotic Diseases. Domestic 17 1 3 .. 2 2 1 2 1 1 5 1 In-door Trades 6 .. .. .. .. 1 .. 4 .. .. 1 .. Out-door Trades .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professions 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. Children and persons of no occupation 10 .. 1 1 1 1 1 4 1 .. .. 1 Total No. of cases 34 .. 4 1 3 4 2 11 2 1 6 1 Fatal cases .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. 1 June Quarter. Domestic 8 1 .. 1 .. 1 .. 2 1 .. 3 .. Indoor-Trades 7 .. .. 1 4 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. Out-door Trades .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professions .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children and persons of no occupation 5 1 2 1 .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. 1 Total No. of cases 20 .. 2 3 4 2 .. 5 1 .. 3 1 Fatal cases .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. September Quarter. Domestic 12 3 .. 1 .. 2 2 2 1 .. 4 .. In-door Trades 7 .. 1 .. 4 .. 1 .. 1 .. .. 1 Out-door Trades .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professions .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. No occupation 2 .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. Children 3 .. 1 .. .. .. .. 1 1 .. .. .. Total No. of cases 24 .. 2 1 4 3 3 4 3 .. 4 1 Fatal cases .. 3 .. .. .. 1 1 1 .. .. .. .. December Quarter. Domestic 11 1 .. 1 2 1 . . 3 2 .. 2 .. In-door Trades 9 .. .. 1 3 .. 1 1 .. 2 1 .. Out-door Trades .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Poisonous or injurious .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Professions .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Children 4 1 .. 2 .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. No occupation 1 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. Total No. of cases 25 2 .. 4 5 4 1 4 2 2 3 .. Fatal cases .. 2 .. 1 .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. "General Diseases, Class I.," embrace measles, scarlet fever, typhus, enteric fever, cerebrospinal meningitis, pyaemia, ague, erysipelas, puerperal fever, acute tuberculosis, pyrexia (from undetermined causes). "General Diseases, Class II.," cmbrace purpura, scurvy, scrofula, rickets, anaimia, cancer, syphilis, diabetes, general dropsy, &c. Francis Warnbb, M.D., Medical Registrar. 36 DESTRUCTION OF INFECTED BEDDING. A sum of £221 9s. 6(1. has been expended in providing new bedding, &c., to replace infected articles destroyed by my orders. The accompanying schedule, prepared by Mr. Lapworth, gives the particulars :— Bedding Supplied during the Year 1878. Quarter ending March 25th. Beds 65 £ s. d. Bolsters 67 Pillows 97 Palliasses 25 Feather Beds purified 10 Ditto Bolsters 9 Ditto Pillows 13 New Ticks supplied 7 New Cushions 7 Total Articles 300 61 9 0 Quarter ending June 24th. Beds 108 Bolsters 110 Pillows.160 Palliasses 30 Mattresses 4 Feather Beds purified 23 Ditto Bolsters 13 Ditto Pillows 30 New Ticks supplied 24 Quantity of Flock supplied 1 Cushion 1 Total Articles 511 105 8 0 37 Quarter ending September 29fh. Beds 36 Bolsters 37 Pillows 38 Palliasses 9 Feather Beds purified 2 Ditto Bolsters l Ditto Pillows 2 Mattress l 126 26 4 9 Quarter ending December 25th. Beds 25 Bolsters 30 Pillows 35 Palliasses 12 Feather Beds purified 8 Ditto Bolsters 2 Ditto Pillows 11 New Ticks supplied 10 Cushions 3 Mattress 1 Total Articles 140 28 7 9 £221 9 6 COW HOUSES. The cow houses of the parish have been kept under constant supervision, and considerable pressure has been put upon the cow keepers to compel them to improve their drainage and paving arrangements. I am happy to be able to report that a considerable amount of success has followed the action of the Committee in this direction. 38 At the licensing sessions, held last October, renewals of the following licences were opposed by order of the Committee:— Mann, Three Colt Lane. One shed had been properly paved, but the other had not been completed. Lockyer, Minerva Street. Paving and drainage defective. Griffiths, Warley Street. Paving not satisfactory. But as the applicants promised, in each case, to do what was required, the cases were adjourned by the magistrates to the next meeting, and, as the necessary improvements had been, by that time, completed, our opposition was withdrawn, and the licences were allowed to be taken out. New Licences.— Wise, 87 Railway arch, Tapp Street. This is an old-established cow barn, the licence for which was successfully opposed by us in 1877, as it was not then provided with proper conveniences, and was also used as a paraffin oil store, no cows having been kept in it for upwards of twelve months. The owner, having intimated his intention of again applying for a licence, expressed his willingness to carry out whatever improvements were required by the Committee. Mr. Wise, accordingly, having paved and drained his shed, and built a proper dung pit, no opposition was made to his obtaining a licence. Jones, 2 Seabright Street, Bethnal Green Road. In this case the applicant was informed that if he carried 39 out our requirements, no opposition would be made by the Vestry. Mr. Jones accordingly proceeded with the work, and had about half completed it by the time fixed for the meeting of the magistrates. The licence was opposed by us, and the case was adjourned to the next meeting, by which time, as the necessary alteration had been completed, no opposition was offered by us. A silk worker, however, who resided in the house intended for the occupation of the cow keeper (but who was under notice to leave), opposed the licence on the ground that the business would be a nuisance to him, and would ruin his work, which was silk of a very delicate colour. The magistrates, after hearing the evidence, declined to grant the licence. A list of the cow sheds in the parish is given below. I trust that I shall be able to report next year that they are in a much better condition than at present. LICENSED COW HOUSES. District No. 1. Boakes, William Columbia-road. Cockerell, William 4, Boundary-street. Edwards, John Mount-street. Edwards, Thomas 5, Virginia-row. Griffiths, John 23, Temple-street. Harris, James George 20, Hassard-street. Havard, H. Gibraltar-walk. Harrington, Thomas 13, Gibraltar-walk. James, William Thomas Oval, Hackney-road. Jones, Daniel Columbia-road. Lockyer, John Henry 8, Minerva-street. Powell, John 64, Squirries-street. Richards, Jonathan M. Cambridge-road. Robinson, David Squirries-street. Robinson, David William-street. Reeve, William Gloucester-street. Ward, Joseph 31, Austin-street. 40 District No. 2. Bailey, William 5, Suffolk-street. Bunn, John 35, Lisbon-street. Bogos, George 15, Norfolk-street. Hodges, W. M. 81, Brady-street. Hill, William 46, Edward-street. Jones, Evan 100, Sclater-street. Mann, James 1, Three Colts lane. Wise, J. 87, Railway-arch, Tapp-street. Meredith, Evan 32, Edward-street. Moss, John 3, Essex-street. Reese, William 1, Somerford-street. Rollings, William 17, Coventry-street. Seaward, John 2, Ann's-place. Toms, Frank 42, Cheshire-street. District No. 3, Champness Brothers 5, Russia-lane. Day, Thomas H. 21, West-street. Elliott, John Roman-road. Griffiths, H. G, Warley-street. Hodges, William M. 34, Green-street, and Digby-street. Jones, Edward Hamilton-road. Mansfield, William 7½ Digby-street. Marchant, Jane James-street. Powell, John Russia-lane. Skinner, Frederick 18, Prospect-place. Wright, Thomas Bridge Wharf, Old Ford. By the 34th section of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act of 1878, the Privy Council is able to make "orders" for the registration of persons carrying on the milk trade. The Metropolitan Board of Works, which is the local authority for London under the Act, is empowered to frame regulations for the better carrying on of the business. Pending the issue of these regulations, the following code of bye-laws, founded upon those drawn up by the 41 Society of Medical Officers of Health, was issued by the Sanitary Committee; and an intimation was given to all owners of cow sheds that unless these regulations were obeyed, the licences would be opposed by the Vestry at the Annual Licensing Sessions in 1879. REGULATIONS FOR COW SHEDS AND DAIRIES. 1. Every person occupying a cow shed shall cause it, and the adjoining yard, to be well paved with asphalte, iron-stone bricks, or flag-stones, set in cement, on a bed of concrete, and laid with a proper slope and channel towards a gulley, which shall be situated outside the shed, and which shall be properly trapped and connected with the public sewer by an adequate drain of glazed pipes. Note.—The paving in the stalls need only extend three feet forward from the heel board. 2. Every cow shed shall be properly lighted and ventilated by louvred sky or side lights. 3. That a sufficient supply of water shall be provided for cleansing the sheds, and for the use of the cows. The water to be obtained from a Water Company and not from a pump. Should a cistern be considered necessary by the occupier, it shall be a properly constructed receptacle, placed outside the cow shed, made of impervious material, closely covered, and 'provided with an overflow or warning pipe unconnected with any drain; the receptacle to be so placed that the bottom thereof shall not be less than six feet above the floor level. 4. Every person occupying a cow shed shall provide a proper place for the storage of fodder, and, if brewer's grains be used as food, a covered receptacle made of impervious material for the storage of the grains shall be provided, such receptacle to be situated outside the cow shed, to be properly drained, and to be subdivided into two parts by a partition, so that each part may be thoroughly cleansed in turn, and be kept free from any offensive smell. 5. Every person occupying a cow shed shall provide a proper covered place or receptacle outside the shed for the reception of dung or other refuse ; the bottom thereof to be constructed of flag-stones or cement laid on concrete, and the sides to be constructed of flag-stones, or brick lined with cement. 42 6. No person occupying a cow shed shall allow any water-closet, privy, cesspool, or urinal, to he within, or to communicate directly with such cow shed. 7. No person occupying a cow shed shall allow any inhabited room, or workshop, to be situated over it on any pretext whatever. 8. Every person occupying a cow shed shall cause the inner walls, and every part of the premises, to be kept thoroughly clean and in good order and repair at all times; and shall cause the inner surface of the roof, and of the upper portions of the walls to be thoroughly washed with quicklime at least once in every quarter, viz., in the months of January, April, July, and October, and the wood work of the stalls at least once in every four weeks. 9. That the dung shall be swept up and removed from the sheds at least twice a day, and be carried away at least three times a week, before eight o'clock in the morning. The yard adjoining the shed shall also be properly cleansed at least once every day. 10. That every new cow shed built and occupied after January 1st, 1879, shall be a detached building, situated at least 20 feet from an inhabited house, provided with a trough manger, constructed of some hard impervious material, and sufficiently sloped to allow it to be readily cleansed by flushing. 11. That in every shed built and occupied before January 1st, 1879, there shall be at least 500 cubic feet of air for each cow, and in every shed built after that date at least 800 cubic feet of air for each cow kept in such shed. Any height in excess of 16 feet shall not be taken into account in calculating the cubic space. 12. No person occupying a shed or dairy shall allow any person suffering from an infectious disease, or living in a house where such disease exists, to enter the cow shed or dairy, or in any way to assist in the conduct of the business during the continuance of such disease, or until all danger of the spread of infection shall have ceased, and every infected room and article shall have been disinfected to the satisfaction of the Medical Officer of Health of the district. The occupier shall give immediate notice in writing to the Medical Officer of Health of the district of the existence of any such infectious disease. 13. Every person occupying a dairy shall provide for use therein a sufficient number of receptacles, made of non-absorbent materials, for the reception, storage, and delivery of milk, and shall cause them to be at all times kept thoroughly cleansed and purified ; and shall cause all milk. to be removed without delay from the cow shed, and shall not add to milk any substance for the purpose of altering its colour. 43 14. That all the before-mentioned work and requirements shall be carried out to the satisfaction of the Vestry, and no alteration shall be made as regards the ventilation, means of drainage, paving, or water supply, or in the structure of the shed, without the consent of the Board. By order of the Sanitary Committee, George Paddock Bate, M.D., Medical Officer of Health. SLAUGHTER HOUSES I am happy to be able to report that the condition of the slaughter houses remains good; very few defects in the sanitary arrangements having come under our notice. In no case was the licence opposed, but no fresh ones were applied for. The following is a list of the licensed slaughter houses in the parish:— LICENSED SLAUGHTER HOUSES. District No. 1. Attwell, Orlando Thomas 278, Hackney-road Button, Edward 326, Hackney-road Chase, Walter 397, Hackney-road Fulford, James 226, Hackney-road Goram, John James 515, Hackney-road Harris, John William 479, Cambridge-road Morris, H. J. 202, Hackney-road Proye, Joseph 156, Hackney-road District No. 2. Baker, William 144, Brick lane Gregory, George 291, Cambridge-road Kingston, Ann 360, Bethnal Green-road Lissenden, John 1, Essex-street Long, John 2, Essex-street Mason, Mrs 416, Bethnal Green-road Meadway, George 354, Bethnal Green-road Payne, John 125, Brick-lane 44 District No. 2 (continued). Pollard, James 124, Bethnal Green-road Read, James 274, Bethnal Green-road Robinson, Frederick 176, Cambridge-road Rolfe, Robert 25, Cambridge-road Watson, William 470, Bethnal Green-road Wragg, John Henry 274, Bethnal Green-road District No. 3. Dupuy, William 218, Green-street Mercer, William 53, Green-street Mazengarb, George 47, Green-street Simons, Samuel 21, Roman-road BAKEHOUSES There are 92 bakehouses in the parish. These have been carefully inspected, and notices served where requisite. I found 48 in a dirty condition, 19 with closets foul and dirty, 11 having defective drains, and 43 with no traps to the sinks. 34 of the bakehouses are underground cellars, and, of course, from their position, most difficult to properly ventilate; in the majority of these, indeed, the ventilation was as bad as it could well be. I have considerable difficulty in persuading the bakers that limewashing is not merely a beautifying process, but is a positive Sanitary necessity. They seem, in particular, strongly to object to whitewash their ceilings, saying, that the steam and smoke will make them as bad in a fortnight as they were before they were done. I have, however, insisted on my directions being carried out. This is, probably, my last report upon the subject, as the Bakehouse Regulation Act, under which we 45 have power to act, has been repealed, and a clause in the Factory and Workshops' Act (1878) places the business under the supervision of the Inspectors appointed under the Factory Acts. This Act came into operation on the first day of January, 1879. In the fourth section of the new Act is the following:— Where it appears to an Inspector under this Act that any act, neglect, or default in relation to any drain, water-closet, earth-closet, privy, ash-pit, water supply, nuisance, or other matter in a factory or workshop, is punishable or remediable under the law relating to public health, but not under this Act, that Inspector shall give notice in writing of such act, neglect, or default, to the sanitary authority in whose district the factory is situate; and it shall be the duty of the sanitary authority to make such inquiry into the subject of the notice, and take such action thereon as to that authority may seem proper, for the purpose of enforcing the law." It will thus be seen that it is the duty of the Factory Inspector to draw the attention of the Sanitary Officials to any defects such as would ordinarily come within our cognizance in making inspections. Under the new Act, power is given to prevent the use of cellars for bakehouses, such as the greater portion in this parish now are. SANITARY LEGISLATION DURING THE YEAR. In addition to the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act affecting the cow houses, and the Factory Amendment Act affecting bake houses, the Metropolitan Board of Works have succeeded in obtaining an Act of Parliament making certain amendments in the Building 46 Acts. They have now power to make bye-laws respecting the foundations and sites of houses, and also as to the quality of the materials used in their construction. Under these powers a stringent series of regulations has been issued, forbidding the erection of buildings upon made ground containing animal or vegetable refuse, and also requiring that proper dampproof courses shall be inserted in all house walls. A Bill has also been before Parliament to amend the Artizans' Dwellings Act, so as to enable small blocks of unhealthy dwellings to be dealt with, instead of the large areas contemplated by Mr. Cross's Act. DISINFECTANTS. The attention of the Committee was called to the manufacture of a new disinfectant in the parish, namely, that of Sanitas, which is carried on at Letchford's-buildings, Three Colt-lane; a quantity of the article was supplied by the patentees for trial. It was accordingly put into use, and the results were so encouraging that, upon my recommendation, it was determined to make use of the article in place of the crude carbolic acid formerly used. I have, so far, been quite satisfied with Sanitas, which is one of the best deodorants I am acquainted with; its price is somewhat high, but it has the great advantage of being free from offensive smell, and is absolutely devoid of any poisonous properties; for sick room purposes it is undoubtedly the best disinfectant we possess. The 47 advisability of the use of Sanitas was brought before the Works Committee, and, in accordance with the request of the Chairman, the following report was presented:— To the Chairman of the Works Committee. Sir,—Having been requested to report upon the respective merits of "Carbolic Acid" powder, and "Sanitas" powder, for disinfecting purposes, I have the honour to lay before the Works Committee the following report upon the subject:— I have made a few notes upon disinfectants generally, and must premise that so-called disinfectants may be divided into three classes, many substances uniting the properties of two, and some of even all three of the classes. 1.—True disinfectants. These are agents capable of destroying specific infection (e.g. that of small pox). 2.—Antiseptics. Agents capable of checking or preventing decay. 3.—Deodorants. Agents capable of destroying or rendering innocuous offensive vapours. Of true disinfectants, dry heat, and weathering (or the action of the atmosphere) are the most potent; they are the great natural disinfectants, but we cannot bum or leave exposed to the atmosphere every infected article or place, so we imitate nature as closely as possible, and what we cannot burn we endeavour to oxydize and render innocuous. 48 Carbolic Acid is valuable on account of its highly antiseptic properties: it arrests decomposition, is a germicide, and destructive of all the lower forms of animal and vegetable life, but it has no power to absorb or decompose the offensive products of putrifaction, and its virtue as a true disinfectant is denied by many eminent authorities. Carbolic acid has an offensive and irritating vapour, is virulently poisonous and corrosive, and has been the cause of numerous fatal accidents. Sanitas is as powerful an antiseptic as carbolic acid. It is, moreover, a deodorant; and, as its action depends, to a considerable extent, upon the peroxide of hydrogen it contains, its disinfecting action very much resembles that of the natural process of "weathering'' previously spoken of, than which, however, it is very much more rapid. It is non-poisonous, its vapour is fragrant, pleasant, and healthful; it is neither corrosive or destructive, for which reason it is specially adapted for use in the sick room. The experiment detailed on the annexed paper was recently performed in Blackburn, and, if correctly reported, would seem pretty conclusive as to the deodorant and antiseptic properties of the powder. I should strongly recommend the Committee to use Sanitas powder for a time, and note the effects. 49 I am of opinion that, weight for weight, it is certainly as efficient as carbolic powder with none of the disadvantages of the latter. I have the honour to remain, Sir, Yours most obediently, George Paddock Bate, M.D. Medical Officer of Health for October 5th, 1878. St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. BLACKBURN CORPORATION. Sanitary Department, Inspector's Office, Town Hall, Blackburn, September 27th, 1878. The "Sanitas"Co., Limited: Gentlemen,—The Sanitas powder to hand. I have tried your powder with carbolic powder containing 25 per cent, of acid. I have put a gallon of excreta and urine in each of two vessels : at the end of the month the vessel containing the carbolic powder was most offensive. The vessel containing the "Sanitas" powder was free from foetid smell, the "Sanitas" being as fresh as when mixed. At the end of eight weeks the result was the same. I then left the vessels uncovered, and at the end of the week the "Sanitas" was as fresh as when uncovered, and so at the end of the second week—altogether ten weeks, the "Sanitas" keeping its odour as fresh as when first mixed, whereas the vessel containing the carbolic powder gave off a most offensive odour. I have much pleasure in saying that I find the "Sanitas" powder the most effective disinfectant I have yet tried. I am, Gentlemen, yours faithfully, W. G. PREBBLE, Sanitary Inspector. LATRINE ACCOMMODATION FOR WOMEN. A letter having been addressed by the Secretary of the Ladies' Sanitary Association to the Yestry respecting the present absence of water closet accommodation 4 50 for women, the matter was referred jointly to the Works and Sanitary Committees, and was several times under discussion. Mr. Voss was requested to write to the Secretary, and enquire what had already been done in the matter by other Vestries. The following reply was received:— Ladies' Sanitary Association, 22, Berners Street, Oxford Street, W., London, December 3rd, 1878. Dear Sir,—In reply to yours of the 28th November, I write to mention that the Committee have appealed to all the Metropolitan Vestries and District Boards, and that there is reason to be satisfied that the matter referred to will be seriously considered by many Vestries and Boards, particularly by St. George's, Hanover square, St. George's, Southwark, St. Saviour's, Southwark, St. Martin's- in - the - Fields, Paddington, St. Pancras, Kensington, Camberwell, St. James's, Westminster, St. Luke's, &c. I do not know of any public free provision having yet been made for women, and have reason to believe none such exists in London. The difficulty of obtaining sites is one that troubles some Vestries, and has led the Committee to suggest the utilization of existing buildings over which the Vestry may have some control, viz., at park lodges, cemeteries, recreation grounds, model lodgings, hospitals, laundries,baths, dispensaries, workhouses, School Board schools, tram and omnibus stations, churches and chapels, or the opening of small shops where articles are or could be sold in which women are interested. The best plan, of course, would be special erections placed in a wellfrequented part of the parish, not in a mews or middle of the roadway, or close to a public house. If an attendant—and the Committee think one is needful at each station—were supplied and a lavatory added, it would be quite possible to make a charge for accommodation; but a free W. C. should always exist at a paying station. The Committee simply suggest a charge where a lavatory is supplied, bccause it is known that supervision, &c., would be appreciated by many. The increasing number of women (working) of all classes who travel about London daily, render's such provision of serious moment. The Committee earnestly hope that the Vestry of Bethnal Green may find it possible to help a class who naturally find it difficult to ask for public consideration in this matter, while experiencing grievous suffering. 51 Whichever Vestry shall first give proof of humane consideration will have earned the gratitude of all women, and set an example that cannot fail to be beneficial to health and social morality. I shall be glad to reply to any inquiry you may desire to make, And remain, dear sir, sincerely yours, ROSE ADAMS, Secretary. As to the necessity for such accommodation there can be no doubt, as at present confectioners' shops and the waiting rooms of railway stations are the only available places at which women from home, on business or pleasure, can answer the calls of nature; while, on the other hand, urinals for men are pretty freely distributed all over London. This selfish inequality calls for immediate readjustment, for the misery and illness entailed upon women by it is enormous. From a special report upon the subject by Dr. Stevenson, the Medical Officer of Health for Paddington, I make the following extract:— Upon the medical aspect of the question it is not necessary to enlarge. Of this aggregate of moving feminine humanity referred to, of all ages, and belonging to every grade of society, it is sufficient to say that every unit of it has, in common with men, the same physical necessities. For the maintenance of life it is not more necessary to take food and drink than subsequently to get rid of what the system cannot appropriate. The one organic necessity involves the other: they are correlated. It is a mistake to suppose that there are such differences in the female organization, that these primal requirements of physical being can be disregarded by women with less suffering than by men. There are periods and conditions peculiar to the sex when latrine accommodation would be specially convenient; and as at such times the requirements of nature are apt to be more urgent and more frequent, women would be spared much unnecessary mental and physical distress, were the accommodation provided. It is true that by the exercise of the will we can control for a time the 52 muscular openings which serve as inlets or outlets to the hotly, and that we thus have the power of resisting, to a considerable extent, the calls of nature when inconvenient. This power is not possessed by infants or young children, or by the aged or the infirm. But such resistance, which circumstances too frequently impose upon women, if habitually practised, is sure to be followed by injurious results. Apoplexy is an every day consequence of constipation. Much of the cerebral and cardiac disturbance of the present day—and it is alleged to be on the increaseis probably due to the same cause. It is certain that almost every form of disease, whether local or constitutional, is likely to be aggravated by constipation; and that, whether it be the cause or effect of other diseases, it is sure to occur if the evacuation of the bowels, from choice or from necessity, be persistently delayed. It should also be borne in mind that diseases of a grave character, induced by constipation, are apt to continue their course independent and unchecked, long after the cause may have ceased. The same remarks apply, in a great measure, to retention of urine, which is the other condition most likely to arise from the want of the provision in question. Again, persons of both sexes and of all ages suffer at times from diarrhoea and irritable bladder, and must be greatly inconvenienced by the want of the required accommodation. There is abundant testimony from medical men and others, available if necessary, to prove that this is no imaginary want—the creation of sentimentalism, but that it is really a great and growing one, which calls for the prompt and careful consideration of those whose business it is to make provision for it, and at the same time deserves their beneficent efforts, seeing that it is experienced by those whose natural reserve upon such a subject, and whose positions in life, for the most part, prevent them from making themselves heard. Modesty suggests that nurses should have the opportunity of privately performing their duties to their little charges. Ladies who are interested in the welfare of those below them in the social scale are ready to declare that poor women have often told them, with tears in their eyes, of the agony and shame they have endured in circumstances which it is not necessary to particularise. Sir James McGarel Hogg has recently expressed himself as quite alive to the want, which he considers to be a real and a serious one. "There is no doubt," the Lancet has remarked, "that the establishment of retiring rooms foxladies will prove a great boon." To obtain this much-needed accommodation, some ladies go to restaurants and order refreshments which they do not require, and others to milliners' and confectioners' shops. It may be safely assumed that the money thus spent, even when it is only a few pence, cannot always be conveniently spared. 53 The Vestry have undoubtedly power to make this provision, as will be seen from the following extract from the 18th and 19th Victoria (1855) sec. 88:—"It shall be lawful for every Vestry and District Board to provide and maintain urinals, water closets, privies, and like conveniences, in situations where they deem such accommodation to be required, and to supply the same with water, and to defray the expenses thereof; and any damage occasioned to any person by the erection thereof, and the expense of keeping the same in good order, as expenses of sewerage, are to be defrayed under this Act." In Paris, and in other cities on the continent, water closets arc provided for both sexes, and a charge of three-halfpence is made to each person using them. Most of these are, I imagine, private speculations, and I have no doubt that they pay a reasonable profit. Whether the Vestry would be empowered to make a similar charge I am not prepared to say, but certainly each latrine should be placed under the charge of a responsible attendant, who should be required to exercise considerable vigilance in the matter of cleanliness, as otherwise contagious diseases would undoubtedly be communicated. I have on one or two occasions visited latrines on the continent, where no charge was made and where there was no attendant. In each case the condition of the place was most disgusting. The matter deserves further consideration, and I 54 trust that we shall at an early date see in this Parish conveniences of the kind mentioned. WATER SUPPLY. As is well known, this district is supplied with water by the East London Water Company. I extract the following note from Dr. Tidy's annual report to the Society of Medical Officers of Health:— East London.— The total solid matter ranged from 17.90 grs. per gallon in September to 24.90 grs. in February; the Nitrogen as Nitrates from 0.060 gr. in January to 0.165 gr. in April. The minimum amount of oxygen needed to oxidize the organic and other matters per gallon, was in March, 0.032 gr., and the maximum in February 0.066 gr. The samples, as collected from the company's mains, were, without exception, perfectly bright, and free from suspended matter. It is to be regretted that this Company does not deliver its water above 40 feet high (except under special circumstances); consequently, it does not reach the top floors of the model dwellings; the inhabitants, therefore, have to raise their water by means of pumps. The increased trouble in obtaining the supply usually means a less quantity used, and is a great temptation to neglect cleanliness. The Company have completed the extension of the constant system of supply to more than three parts of their district. They are also proceeding with an entirely new set of works at Lea bridge, which comprise four filter beds of one acre each in extent, and a pair of compound engines each of 100 horse power nominal. These works were commenced last July, and are making rapid progress. By the end of 1879 they 55 will probably be completed; the Company will then bo able to give a better supply to the higher part of their district throughout. The five filters at Lea bridge, known as the Middlesex filters, which were the first constructed by the Company, and which have been in use over twenty-five years, are being reconstructed. Colonel Bolton, the water examiner under the Metropolis Water Act, remarks, in one of his monthly reports:— "14.—The following clause of the Board of Trade Regulations, 1872, rel.ative to waste-pipes, if carried out in its integrity, will prevent contamination of the water from the gases generated by sewage, which are extremely liable to flow back into the cisterns and become absorbed by the water, unless the overflow-pipe is brought outside the house and the end left exposed to the air, instead of being carried into the drain. "Regulation 14.—No overflow or waste pipe other than a 'warningpipe' shall be attached to any cistern supplied with water by the Company, and every such overflow or waste pipe existing at the time when these Regulations come into operation shall be removed, or, at the option of the consumer, shall be converted into an efficient 'warning-pipe,' within two calendar months next after the Company shall have given to the occupier of, or left at the premises in which such cistern is situate, a notice in writing requiring such alteration to be made." "The particular object of the above is to prevent the waste of water, but if the overflow-pipe is brought outside the house and the end left exposed to the air, instead of being carried into the drain, as is often the case, it will effect an object of far greater importance by getting rid of the poisonous effluvia and gases from the drains which would otherwise ascend through the pipe, and not only be partly absorbed by the water in the cistern, but be partly mixed with the air in the houses, thereby becoming a cause of fever and disease. "15.—The exercise of Government supervision tends materially to the effectual filtration and delivery of good water by the Companies to their respective districts, but from many causes the supply frequently deteriorates after having been delivered by the Companies into the cisterns of 56 the consumers. The remedy for this deterioration is doubtless to be found in a constant supply. Such constant supply, however, is not yet general. Meanwhile, it is of the utmost importance that the attention of householders should be given to the fittings and cleanliness of their cisterns, as well as their house drains and the water pipes connected therewith, upon which depend, in a great measure, the purity and sufficiency of the domestic water supply. An inspection of the cisterns too frequently shows that they are in a state of foulness totally unexpected, and generally caused by local circumstances and faults." In July, Mr. W. W. Burrows reported, that his attention haying been called by a member of the Sanitary Committee to the fact that a large number of houses in Collingwood street were without water, he immediately visited the spot, and found that about forty houses in this densely populated neighbourhood had been entirely deprived of their usual supply. It seems that a plug had been drawn for the purpose of flushing the sewers, and so imperfectly replaced that some children were able to loosen it, and ultimately to get it out. In order to stop the waste, the water was turned off by the turncock, and there seems to have been some quarrel between him and a woman residing in the neighbourhood about it. In revenge for what was said, the turncock told the people they should not have any water, and refused to turn it on again. In accordance with a resolution of the Sanitary Committee, Mr. Voss wrote to the East London Water Company drawing their attention to the conduct of their officer. We afterwards heard from the Company to the effect that they had discharged the turncock for his conduct in the matter. 57 UNSOUND FOOD. Inspector J. W. Burrows examined a quantity of meat at the Workhouse, and found some of it decomposed. The matter was left in the hands of the Board of Guardians to take what steps they thought fit against the contractor. Inspector Lapworth received a telegram to the effect that the carcase of a cow, alleged to have been suffocated in a cattle truck, had been delivered at the shop of a tradesman in Brick lane. The premises were visited, and the meat carefully examined. It was found to be "rough" and badly butchered, but not in such condition as to justify legal proceedings. No further action was taken in the matter. On the 22nd May, Inspector W. W. Burrows seized a quantity of fish (plaice) exposed for sale on a stall in Hackney road, and kept by William Palmer, of 316, Hackney road. I examined the fish, and directed it to be taken before the magistrate. This was done, and Mr. Bushby condemned it, and ordered it to be destroyed. A summons was issued, and at the hearing of the case Mr. Bushby expressed his approval of the course taken for the protection of the public; but as defendant was only fourteen years of age, he thought it was better not to inflict a fine, and considered the case would be met by the Uncle, Mr. Edwards, of 316, Hackney road, being bound over in the sum of five pounds to bring the defendant up for judgment if 58 called upon to do so; to this Mr. Edwards consented, and was bound over accordingly. On the 28th December, Inspector W. W. Burrows seized a side of mutton, which was a portion of a sheep that had probably died from suffocation. The meat was quite fresh and good, but the veins were distended with dark fluid blood, the capillaries were intensely injected, and the fat was of a dull pink hue. As the animal had evidently died without the' aid of the butcher, I did not feel justified, though the meat was not diseased, in allowing it to be sold without a protest, and accordingly submitted a portion of it to Mr. Bushby, at Worship street. In evidence I stated that I did not consider the meat fit for human food, but still could not say it was diseased. The magistrate declined to condemn the meat, and no further action was taken. During the year several quantities of fish, meat, and other articles of food, in an unsound condition, were brought to mo by persons who had purchased them. The articles were destroyed, and certificates given, the matter being afterwards privately arranged between vendor and purchaser. SUNDAY SCAVENGING. Tho sweeping up and removal of vegetable refuse left in the market places and principal thoroughfares of the Parish by costermongers and others on Sunday mornings, has been carried out during the year under the supervision of Inspectors W. W. Burrows and 59 J. Lapworth, in accordance with a resolution of the Yestry. The improvement in the appearance and sanitary condition of the streets has been most marked, as previously a very large accumulation of refuse of all kinds was allowed to remain in the streets from Saturday to Monday, and in hot weather this became most offensive. At first the Inspectors endeavoured to cause the stall keepers to remove their own refuse ; but as in many instances these people have but one room and a share (with other lodgers) of a small yard in which to place their unsold goods, the refuse spoken of was often allowed to remain on the premises until the Monday or Tuesday. A considerable nuisance was thus created, and complaints were frequently made, by persons residing near the houses occupied by costermongers, of the vile smells arising from the decomposing vegetable matter. Frequently also the stall keepers would remove the refuse from their stands, carry it away, and shoot it in some bye street. SECOND-HAND CLOTHING. The question of the probability of articles of secondhand clothing offered for sale by stall-keepers and others, acting as carriers of infection, was brought before the Yestry and referred to the Sanitary Committee. As it is impossible to decide if articles so exposed for sale are, or are not, laden with the germs of in- 60 fectious disease, the Committee were unable to do more than issue cautionary bills, drawing the attention of the dealers to the heavy penalties they were liable for selling such infected articles, and this was accordingly done. NOXIOUS AND OFFENSIVE TRADES. During a certain stage in the manufacture of pickles a most offensive vapour is given off. Large quantities of gherkins, pickled in brine, are brought from Holland in casks, and when the heads are knocked out and the liquor poured away the smell is most offensive. Numerous complaints having been made to the Yestry of the nuisance arising from Messrs. Steel's pickle manufactory, in the Cambridge.road, the premises were inspected, and the usual notices served. A few days afterwards the Committee visited the premises in question, and, as the nuisance continued without any abatement, proceedings were taken to indict Messrs. Steel at the Old Bailey Sessions. This was done, and the grand jury found a true bill. The proceedings were, however, withdrawn, upon Messrs. Steel undertaking to remove their business out of the parish, and shortly afterwards they did so. HOESEFLESH DEALERS. The attention of the Committee was called to the nuisance arising from these traders. Several of the dealers' premises were accordingly visited. It seems 61 that the meat occasionally arrives from the country in a putrid condition, and that this cannot always be ascertained until it is unpacked. Steps have been taken to prevent a recurrence of the nuisance, and no further complaints have since been made. SOAP BOILING WORKS IN ROYAL VICTOR MEWS. A nuisance was stated to arise from this manufactory, and it was several times inspected. The process of manufacture consists in re.melting and purifying ordinary soap, which is afterwards coloured, and scented, and pressed into moulds. No nuisance could be discovered, but there was a considerable escape of vapour from the steam jacketed pans in which the melting is done. This has been modified, and no complaint has since been made. CESSPOOLS AND DRAINS. 78 to 82 James.street. A very large hidden cesspool was discovered at these houses, over which was constructed a block of three closets, the whole of the front wall of the same being built on a piece of timber laid across the cesspool; this was much decayed, rendering the building dangerous. As the owners failed to comply with our requirements, and abolish the cesspool, legal proceedings were taken, and even then the work was not carried 62 out until penalties under the Nuisance Removal Act were enforced. The cesspools were eventually emptied, the brickwork, &c., removed, the hole filled up with hard dry rubbish, and the closets properly drained into the sewer. Several other hidden cesspools were discovered, and steps were immediately taken to abolish them, substituting proper glazed drain pipes. 31 to 51 Teesdale.street. The drainage of these houses was found to be in a most decayed condition, being constructed of brick and rotten boards. The houses were inspected by myself and Mr. Gathercole, the Surveyor, and reported to the Sanitary Committee, who decided to view the premises. Afterwards, by direction of the Committee, notices were served on the owners, requiring them to demolish the drain and replace it with glazed stone.ware pipes ; this requisition has since been complied with. Sewer in Hague.street. A serious nuisance was caused by the employees of the Metropolitan Board of Works in clearing out this sewer. No disinfectants were being used, and the sewage mud was left for a much longer period than necessary on the public carriageway, and it was afterwards removed to Hackney Wick in an open cart, Disinfectants for immediate use were supplied from the Yestry stores, and Mr. Yoss was requested to write to the Metropolitan Loard of Works calling their attention to the nuisance in question. 63 SHEPHERD'S COURT, OLD NICHOL STREET. Several cases of fever and small pox having occurred, a careful inspection of these houses was made. I found them old, dirty, and dilapidated, and very much overcrowded. As I did not consider that proper disinfection and repairs could be carried out while the houses were occupied, I reported them as unfit for habitation, and notices to close were served. The Committee afterwards visited and found that the owner had set vigorously to work cleansing and repairing, and as he stated that he had only about twelve months' lease to run, it was decided not to enforce the notice to close. PAYING COURTS. A great improvement has taken place in the condition of the footways of the courts and alleys of the Parish, which have been paved and repaired in accordance with notices served by the Inspectors, under the direction of the Sanitary Committee. In several instances, however, it was necessary to take legal proceedings before the owners could be induced to comply with our requirements. In Hollybush gardens, where the want of proper paving and drainage is seriously felt, the Committee sent up a resolution to the Yestry that a sewer should be laid down, and the place properly paved, the 64 expense of so doing being afterwards recovered from the owners. At present this has not been done, but I hope to be able in my next report to announce the completion of this most necessary work. URINAL IN AUSTIN STREET. Numerous complaints having been received as to the condition of the corner of Austin street and Hackney road, which was used as a sort of irregular urinal, the place was visited by the Committee, and a recommendation was sent up to the Yestry that a proper urinal be erected at the spot. The authorities of the Parish of Shoreditch being communicated with, agreed to give a strip of the churchyard for the purpose, on condition that a portion of the urinal should be so arranged as to be entered from the churchyard for the use of the congregation. A faculty was obtained, and the urinal was erected by the Shoreditch Yestry, in conjunction with our Sanitary Committee. The original agreement between the two Yestries was that we should contribute £\ 00, but £25 extra was paid by the Parish of Bethnal Green towards the cost of setting back the wall of the churchyard for the purpose of widening the pavement at the corner of Austin street and Hackney road ; that portion of the urinal in Austin street is now entirely under the control of this Yestry, and we have to keep it clean and lighted. 65 MORTUARY. I very much regret that I am still obliged to report a deadlock in the proceedings for the building of a new mortuary. Mr. Merceron still bars the way, and fresh legal difficulties seem to keep rising. The old watch.house in Church row, which is utterly inadequate for the purpose, has provided a temporary resting place for sixty.three bodies. While the Parish is so ill. provided with mortuary accommodation we cannot require people to move their dead to such an unsuitable place. The importance of a proper mortuary is immense as a means of preventing the spread of contagious disease, and also of contributing to the comfort of those poor persoDSwho have perhaps only one room in which to eat, drink, and sleep. Often we find that a corpse has been kept in such a room for days, and if the person has died from a malady like small pox, the emanations from the body will undoubtedly tend to spread the disease to those living in the room, and indeed to the inhabitants of the whole house. The following is an instance of the careless way in which bodies are sometimes hawked about. During the year, Mr. W. W. Burrows reported that a fatal case of small pox had occurred at 10, Shacklewell street, and the body had been removed to the premises of an under. 5 66 taker in Pearson street, Kingsland road, in an ordinary shell, notwithstanding that the Inspector had left notice with the parents that the body was not to be removed, unless to the mortuary or cemetery. The Shoreditch authorities were communicated with, and the matter left in their hands. As the undertaker who had removed the body stated that he was ignorant of the cause of death, no legal proceedings were taken. A letter was afterwards written by Mr. Yoss to the Board of Guardians, calling their attention to the case, and suggesting that where an order was given by the relieving officer for burial, in a case of infectious disease, the cause of death should be stated in the order, so that ignorance could not be pleaded again as an excuse for such want of care. SANITARY WORK. Table YI. in the appendix shews at a glance what good work your Inspectors are doing. The manner in which the arduous and extra services, which devolved upon them in connection with the small pox epidemic, have been performed cannot bo too highly spoken of. To Mr. W. W. Burrows I must publicly express my thanks for the manner in which I have been assisted in my duties, and for the extra time he has devoted to the work. I beg to express a hope that his services, 67 and those of the other Sanitary Inspectors, will receive some substantial recognition at your hands. For the support I have myself received on all occasions from the Yestry, and especially from those members forming the Sanitary Committee, it is my duty to express my most grateful thanks. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Yours most obediently, GEORGE PADDOCK BATE, M.D. To the Vestry of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE I. Shewing the Population, Inhabited Houses, Births, Deaths, and Marriages for the year 1878 and 10 years preceding. GROSS NUMBERS. YEAR. Population estimated at the middle of the year. No. of Inhabited Houses in Parish or District. Births. Deaths.** Marriages 1878 132,000 17,311 5195 2951 2438 1877 129,600 17,325 5169 2989 2438 † 1876.7 129,300 17,605 5299 2923 .. †1875.6 128,000 17,945 5255 3020 .. †l874.5 127,000 tt 5152 3142 .. †1873.4 125,000 16.000 5050 3129 .. † 1872.3 124,000 †† 5187 2588 .. †1871.2 122,117 tt 4875 2958 .. †1870.1 120,200 15,981 5196 2984 .. †1869.70 124,000 †† 5018 3378 .. †l868.9 122,000 †† 4933 2952 .. Average of 10 years, 1868 to 1877 125,121 16,971 5113 3006 2438 NOTES. 1. Population at census, 1871—120,200. 2. Area in Acres, 755. 3. Average number of persons in each house at census, 1871—7.5. *For statistical purposes the Registrar.General estimates the population to the middle of the year on the basis of the rate of increase ruling between the two preceding census periods. The estimate of population maybe checked by the known number of inhabited houses, and by the average number of inmates per house, as ascertained at the preceding census. **The deaths of non.parishioners in public institutions within the parish are deducted, and a proportion of the deaths occurring in General Hospitals relative to the population of the parish or district is added to the total number of deaths in this column. †The figures for these years are extracted from the reports of the late Dr. Sarvis, by whom no correction for Hospital deaths was made. ‡No returns from local registrars were supplied to the Sanitary Department during these years. ††No information. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE II. Shewing the Annual Birth Rate, Rate of Mortality, Death Rates among Children, and Deaths in Public Institutions for the year 1878 and 10 years preceding. YEAR. Birth Rate per 1000 of the Population. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living. Deaths of children under 1 year: per centage of Total Deaths. Per centage of Deaths of Children under 1 year to Registered Births. Deaths of Children under 5 years : per centage of Total Deaths. Total Number of Deaths in Public Institutions. 1878 39.3 23.0 26.6 14.5 48.8 465 1877 39.8 23.0 26.7 15.4 47.6 440 †1876.7 40.7 20.9 27.8 15.3 † 430 †1875.6 41.0 23.4 29.0 16.8 † 410 *1874.5 , 40.6 27.7 27.0 16.5 † 432 *1873.4 40.0 25.0 26.7 16.6 50.0 424 *1872.3 41.6 20.8 ‡ ‡ 50.7 357 *1871.2 40.0 25.0 ‡ ‡ 53.5 392 *1870.1 42.5 24.0 ‡ ‡ 50.4 363 *1869.70 40.4 27.0 ‡ ‡ 56.2 360 *1868.9 40.4 24.3 ‡ ‡ 53.2 379 Average of 10 years, 1868 to 1877 40.7 23.7 27.4 16.1 51.6 398 NOTES. ♦The figures upon which the calculations for these years are based are extracted from the annual reports of the late Dr. Sarvis, and are not corrected for Hospital or extra Parochial deaths. † No returns were supplied to the Sanitary Department by the Local Registrars during these years. ‡ No information. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE III. DEATHS REGISTERED AT SEVERAL GROUPS OF AGES FROM DIFFERENT CAUSES DURING THE YEAR 16 78. CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to I yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 95 to andup95 wards Total under 5 years CLASSES. I. Zymotic Diseases 33 123 156 128 54 16 10 10 6 15 3 3 • • .. 440 557 II. Constitutional Diseases 13 68 57 28 16 78 85 105 80 51 20 4 1 .. 166 606 III. Local Diseases 126 181 146 99 44 29 57 87 117 158 151 75 9 .. 552 1279 IV. Developmental Diseases 166 46 19 3 1 4 10 1 4 9 57 69 18 .. 234 407 V. Violent Deaths 27 17 2 1 4 6 7 5 5 4 5 5 2 .. 47 90 Not specified or ill defined 3 1 • • .. 2 .. • • .. 1 3 • • 2 .. .. 4 12 Totals 368 436 380 259 121 133 169 208 213 240 236 158 30 .. 1443 2951 CLASS I.— Zymotic Diseases. Order 1.—Miasmatic[522] 33 123 156 128 54 16 10 10 6 15 3 3 .. .. 440 557 1 Small Pox 1 3 3 3 5 2 2 1 .. 1 .. 1 .. .. 10 22 2 Measles .. 13 24 19 3 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 56 59 3 Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) .. 3 13 25 25 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 41 68 4 Diphtheria .. 1 3 8 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 12 14 5 Quinsy .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 2 6 Croup .. 3 4 11 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 18 21 7 Whooping Cough 9 55 78 43 7 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 185 192 8 Tvphus Fever .. .. ?, 3 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 5 Enteric or Typhoid F .. .. 1 4 3 6 4 .. .. 4 .. .. .. .. 5 26 Simple continued F .. .. .. 4 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 4 5 9 Erysipelas 2 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. 2 1 .. .. .. 4 7 10 Puerperal Fever (Metria) .. • • .. • • .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. •• .. .. • • 1 TABLE III. (continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upward s Total under 5 years CLASS I. (continued). 11 Carbuncle .. .. .. .. .. .. •• .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • 12 Influenza .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • .. 13 Dysentery .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. a • 2 14 Diarrhœa 8 32 27 6 1 1 1 1 .. 2 .. .. 73 80 15 Cholera 1 1 1 .. .. , , 1 1 .. .. 1 .. .. .. 3 6 16 Ague .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. •• .. 17 Remittent Fever .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • 1 18 Rheumatism (Acute) • • # . .. • • 1 3 . . 3 • • .. .. • • .. .. .. 7 19 Rheumatism (Chronic) .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 1 2 .. .. .. .. • • 5 Order 2.-Enthetic [11] 1 Syphilis 2 6 9 .. 1 .. .. • • .. 1 .. .. .. .. 9 11 2 Stricture of Urethra .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Hydrophobia .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • 4 Glanders .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Order 3. Dietic [19] 1 Privation .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 "Want of Breast Milk 6 5 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 11 11 3 Purpura and Scurvy .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. • • , , 4 Alcoholism a. Delirium Tremens .. .. .. .. .. 1 2 .. .. 1 1 .. .. .. • • 5 b. Intemperance .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 2 .. .. .. .. • • 3 Order 4.—Parasitic [5] 1 Thrush 4 1 , , • • , , • • 5 2 Worms, &c • • • • • • CLASS II.— Constitutional Diseases. Order 1. —Diathetic [77] 13 68 57 28 16 78 85 105 80 51 20 4 1 166 606 1 Gout .. • • • • # • • # 4 1 , , • • • • « . 5 2 Dropsy 3 6 5 • • • • • • 14 3 Cancer 1 3 9 16 12 5 2 1 , , 49 4 Cancrum Oris (Noma) 5 Mortification 5 1 1 • j 2 • • 6 9 TABLE III. (continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards Total under 5 years CLASS II. (continued). Order 2.- Tubercular [529] 1 Scrofula .. 3 2 1 4 4 .. 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. 6 16 2 Tabes Mesenterica 8 43 28 6 4 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 85 89 3 Phthisis .. 4 8 9 4 73 82 95 56 31 10 .. .. .. 21 372 4 Hydrocephalus Acute .. 5 9 9 3 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 23 26 Chronic .. 13 9 3 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 25 26 CLASS III.— Local Diseases. Order 1.- Nervous System [400] 126 181 146 99 44 29 57 87 117 158 151 75 9 .. 552 1279 1 Cephalitis 1 16 17 10 5 2 1 1 .. 2 2 .. .. .. 44 57 2 Apoplexy .. .. .. 1 .. 1 6 5 13 17 13 10 1 .. 1 67 3 Paralysis .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 4 6 7 5 9 .. .. .. 33 4 Insanity .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 10 4 9 5 1 .. .. .. 35 5 Chorea .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 Epilepsy 1 2 .. 1 1 .. 2 3 3 2 1 .. .. .. 4 16 7 Convulsions 68 41 29 17 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 155 155 8 Brain Disease, &c. .. 5 3 2 2 1 1 4 3 7 5 3 1 .. 10 37 Order 2.—Organs of Circulation [153] 1 Pericarditis .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 2 Aneurism .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 1 1 .. 1 .. .. .. 5 3 Heart Disease, &c. 1 .. .. 5 6 10 13 15 22 33 31 10 .. .. 6 146 Order 3.—Respiratory Organs [600] 1 Laryngitis .. .. 4 5 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 9 10 2 Bronchitis 20 54 52 13 6 5 7 11 34 50 63 28 4 .. 139 347 3 Pleurisy .. .. .. .. 1 2 .. .. .. 2 1 .. .. .. .. 6 4 Pneumonia 31 53 34 33 9 4 5 10 7 9 8 9 2 .. 151 214 5 Asthma .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 2 3 2 1 .. .. .. 10 6 Lung Disease, &c. .. .. 1 2 .. .. 1 3 2 2 2 .. .. .. 3 13 Order 4.— Digestive Organs [90] 1 Gastritis .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 2 Enteritis 3 5 1 .. 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 .. .. .. 9 18 CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards Total under 5 years CLASS III., Order 4 (continued). 3 Peritonitis .. 1 1 3 5 2 3 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. 5 17 4 Ascites .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. .. .. .. 2 5 Ulceration of Intestines .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 6 Hernia .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 7 Ileus .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 8 Intussusception .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. 2 3 9 Stricture of Intestines .. 1 .. 1 .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. 2 3 10 Fistula .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 11 Stomach Disease, &c. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 1 1 2 4 .. .. .. .. 10 12 Pancreas Disease, &c. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 13 Hepatitis .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. 2 14 Jaundice .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 2 15 Liver Disease, &c. .. .. .. 1 .. .. 3 7 12 5 2 .. 1 .. 1 31 16 Spleen Disease, &c. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Order 5.— Urinary Organs [l6] 1 Nephritis .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 2 Ischuria .. .. .. .. .. .. .. l .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 3 Bright's Disease (Nephria) .. .. .. 2 .. .. 2 l 1 3 1 1 .. .. 2 11 4 Diabetes .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 5 Calculus (Stone) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 Cystitis .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 7 Kidney Disease, &c. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Order 6.—Organs of Generation [4] 1 Ovarian Dropsy .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. 1 2 Uterus Disease, &c. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Order 7. — Organs of Locomotion [10] 1 Synovitis (Arthritis) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 Joint Disease, &c. .. .. 2 1 5 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 3 10 Order 8.—Integumentary System [6] 1 Phlegmon 1 2 .. .. 1 .. .. l .. .. 1 .. .. .. 3 6 2 Ulcer .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Skin Disease, &c. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. TABLE III. (continued). CAUSE OF DEATH. Under 3 months. AGES. Total. 3mo. to 1 yr. 1 to 2 2 to 5 5 to 15 15 to 25 25 to 35 35 to 45 45 to 55 55 to 65 65 to 75 75 to 85 85 to 95 95 and upwards Total under 5 years CLASS IV.— Developmental Diseases. Order 1.- Diseases of Children [73] 166 46 19 3 1 4 10 1 4 9 57 69 18 .. 234 407 1 Premature Birth 48 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 48 48 2 Cyanosis 2 .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 4 4 3 Spina Bifida 2 .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 3 4 Other Malformations 5 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 6 5 Teething .. 7 5 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 12 12 Order 2.- Adults [12] 1 Paramenia .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 Childbirth (see Puerperal Fever) .. .. .. .. .. 4 8 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 12 Order 3.- Old People [144] 1 Old Age .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 7 51 68 18 .. .. 144 Order 4.—Nutrition [178] 1 Atrophy and Debility 109 38 12 3 1 .. 1 1 4 2 6 1 .. .. 162 178 CLASS V.— Violent Deaths. Order 1.—Accident or Negligence [90] 27 17 2 1 4 6 7 5 5 4 5 5 2 .. 47 90 1 Fractions and Contusions 2 .. .. .. 2 .. 3 2 .. 2 4 3 .. .. 2 18 2 Wounds Gunshot .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Cut, Stab .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 4 3 Burns and Scalds .. .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. 1 2 4 Poison .. .. .. .. .. 2 .. 2 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 4 5 Drowning .. .. .. .. 1 4 .. .. 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. 6 6 Suffocation 23 16 2 .. 1 .. 1 .. 2 2 1 1 1 .. 41 50 7 Otherwise 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 .. .. 1 .. .. 1 3 Order 3.—Homicide 1 1 .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 2 Order 4.—Suicide .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. CLASS VI. Causes not specified or ill defined [12] 3 1 .. .. 2 .. .. .. 1 3 .. 2 .. .. 4 12 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV. Shewing the Mortality from certain classes of Diseases, and proportions to Population, and to 1000 Deaths, 1878. DIVISION I. (Adults). Total Deaths. Deaths per 1000 of Population (all ages). Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths (all ages). 1. Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases 525 3.9 172 2. Pulmonary Diseases (other than Phthisis) 600 4.5 197 3. Tubercular Diseases 477 3.6 150 DIVISION II. (Young Children). Total Deaths. Deaths per 1000 of Population. (under 5 years). Proportion of Deaths to 1000 deaths (under 5 years). 4. Wasting Diseases 221 11.0 153 5. Convulsive Diseases 263 13.1 182 NOTES. 1. Includes Small Pox, Measles, Scarlet Fever, Diphtheria, Whooping Cough, Fever, and Diarrhoea. 2. Include—Pleurisy, 6; Bronchitis, 347; Pneumonia, 214; Asthma, 10; Lung Disease, 13; Laryngitis, 101. 3. Includes Phthisis, Scrofula, Rickets, and Tabes. 4. Includes Marasmus, Atrophy, Debility, want of Breast Milk, and Premature Birth. 5. Includes Hydrocephalus, Infantile Meningitis, Convulsions, and Teething. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV (a). Total Births and Deaths, and Deaths from some Zymotic and other Causes. Fever, Diphtheria, Whooping Cough, Diarrhœa, Violence, &c., registered in the Four Sub-Districts of Bethnal Green. Quarter ending. Area in Statute Acres. Enumerated Population of 1871. Total Births during each Quarter. Total Deaths during each Quarter. THE DEATHS REGISTERED IN THE WEEK INCLUDE deaths of deaths from Inquest Cases. Deaths in Public Institutions Infants under 1 yr. of age. Persons aged 60 yrs. and upwards. Small Pox. Measles. Scarlet Fever. Diphtheria. Whooping Cough. Fever. Diarrhoea. Cholera. Violence. HACKNEY ROAD. March, 1878 141 29822 331 153 47 24 .. .. 6 .. 11 2 1 .. 8 17 3 June „ .. .. 300 152 48 14 1 3 3 1 27 2 1 .. 10 12 3 Sept. „ .. .. 341 171 79 12 .. 1 3 .. 15 2 14 3 4 8 1 Dec. „ .. .. 330 158 50 22 .. 10 5 1 2 7 1 .. 2 10 3 Total 1302 634 224 72 1 14 17 2 55 13 17 3 24 47 10 GREEN.* March, 1878 390 42433 520 364 65 103 9 5 1 1 23 2 1 .. 10 21 128 June „ .. .. 502 305 73 74 5 .. 9 .. 34 2 1 .. 14 19 89 Sept. „ .. .. 423 310 80 70 .. 2 4 1 11 4 26 3 4 19 95 Dec. „ .. .. 492 381 61 101 2 10 10 1 6 5 1 .. 7 24 143 Total 1937 1360 279 348 16 17 24 3 74 13 29 3 35 83 455 TABLE IV (a) continued. CHURCH. March, 1878 131 26577 310 134 39 22 2 2 4 3 8 .. .. .. 5 13 .. June „ .. .. 267 136 38 17 .. .. 4 1 22 1 2 .. 2 5 .. Sept. „ .. .. 266 135 48 16 .. .. 5 1 10 3 13 .. 3 8 .. Dec. „ .. .. 299 154 36 16 1 16 8 .. 1 2 1 .. 5 13 .. Total 1142 559 161 71 3 18 21 5 41 6 16 .. 15 39 .. TOWN. March, 1878 93 21272 209 104 30 14 1 .. .. .. 5 .. .. .. 7 12 .. June „ .. .. 205 88 30 12 1 .. 2 .. 13 1 3 .. 5 6 .. Sept. „ .. .. 196 110 42 14 .. .. 3 2 3 2 14 .. 2 6 .. Dec. „ .. .. 204 96 21 14 .. 9 1 2 1 1 1 .. 2 5 .. Total 814 398 123 54 2 9 6 4 22 4 18 .. 16 29 .. Grand Total 5195 2951 787 545 22 58 68 14 192 36 80 6 90 198 465 NOTE. * The Workhouse, Hospital for Diseases of the Chest, and Bethnall House Asylum are in this District. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE IV (b). TOTAL MARRIAGES, BIRTHS, AND DEATHS, AND DEATHS FROM SOME ZYMOTIC AND OTHER CAUSES, BY QUARTERS. QUARTER ENDING. Marriages. Total Births during each Quarter. Total Deaths during each Quarter. THE DEATHS REGISTERED IN THE WEEK INCLUDE deaths of deaths from Inquest Cases. Deaths in Public Institutions. Infants under 1 year of age. Persons aged 60 yrs. and upwards. Small Pox. Measles. Scarlet Fever. Diphtheria. Whooping Cough. Fever. Diarrhoea. Cholera. Violence. March, 1878 483 1370 755 181 163 12 7 11 4 47 4 2 .. 30 63 131 June „ 628 1274 681 189 117 7 3 18 2 96 6 7 .. 31 42 92 Sept. „ 594 1226 726 249 112 .. 3 15 4 39 11 67 6 13 41 96 Dec. „ 733 1325 789 168 153 3 45 24 4 10 15 4 .. 16 52 146 Total 2438 5195 2951 787 545 22 58 68 14 192 36 80 6 90 198 465 TABLE 4 (c). TOTAL BIRTHS AND DEATHS, AND DEATHS FROM SOME ZYMOTIC AND OTHER CAUSES, IN LONDON DURING THE YEAR 1878. Estimated Population in the middle of the year 1878—3,577,304. QUARTER ENDING. Total Births during the Quarter. Total Deaths during the Quarter. THE DEATHS REGISTERED IN THE QUARTER INCLUDE deaths of deaths from Inquest Cases. Deaths in Public 1nstitutions. Infants under 1 year of age. Persons aged 60 yrs. and upwards. Small Pox. Measles. Scarlet Fever. Diphtheria. Whooping Cough. Fever. Diarrhoea. . Violence. March, 1878 33569 22803 5040 5046 556 708 457 104 1376 355 160 725 1427 4238 June „ 32253 20056 4626 3806 618 337 339 147 1600 293 280 744 1240 3892 Sept. „ 31660 19689 6783 3229 133 165 330 131 943 299 2932 679 1127 3307 Dec. „ 31702 21147 4727 4910 109 300 666 176 527 414 279 1162 1793 3944 Total 129184 83695 21176 16991 1416 1610 1792 558 4446 1361 3651 3310 5587 15381 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE V. Shewing the number of Deaths from the seven principal Zymotic Diseases, inclusive of Hospital Deaths, in the 10 years 1868 to 1877, and in the year 1878.* DISEASE. 1868 1869 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 Annual Average of 10 years, 1868—1877. Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths in 10 yrs., 1868—1877. 1878 Proportion of Deaths to 1000 Deaths in 1878 Small Pox 65 24 2 252 269 41 7 1 31 88 78.0 25.9 55 18.0 Measles 46 120 76 38 82 43 192 25 56 142 82.0 27.2 59 19.4 Scarlet Fever 46 97 452 107 41 17 103 193 80 93 122.9 40.8 68 22.3 Diphtheria 10 11 16 2 2 6 5 5 3 8 6.8 2.2 14 4.6 Whooping cough 123 102 172 66 118 147 101 151 61 89 113.0 37.5 192 63.1 Fever 88 96 93 77 63 44 58 68 42 48 67.7 22.5 51 16.7 Diarrhœa 129 158 148 164 159 143 159 124 112 104 140.0 46.5 86 28.2 Total in Bethnal Green 507 608 959 706 734 441 625 567 385 572 6104 202.6 525 172.3 Total in London 14925 17413 16476 19455 12699 11385 11230 13411 12696 12390 14208.0 184.3 14734 176.0 * In each of the years to which this table applies, except 1877 and 1878, three months of the following year are included. BETHNAL GREEN SANITARV DISTRICT. TABLE VI. INSPECTORS' REPORT OF THE SANITARY WORK, &c., Completed in the year ending December 31st, 1878. Districts. Total. 1 2 3 No. of Houses, Premises, &c., inspected 2725 1958 1110 5793 Results of Inspection— Orders issued for Sanitary Amendments of Houses and Premises 1811 1275 923 4009 Houses and Premises, &c., Cleansed, Repaired, and Whitewashed 875 607 497 1979 Houses Disinfected after Infectious Diseases 186 116 135 437 House Drains- Repaired, Cleansed, &c. 917 513 354 1784 Trapped or Ventilated 523 223 223 969 Privies and Water Closets— Repaired, Cleansed, &c. 751 401 547 1699 Supplied with Water New provided • • 2 • • 2 Dust Bins- New provided 456 305 115 876 Repaired, Covered, &c. Water Supply— Laid on 33 29 11 73 Cisterns Cleansed, Repaired, and Covered Miscellaneous— No. of Lodging Houses registered under 35th Clause of Sanitary Act, 1866 10 9 1 20 No. of Dust Complaints received and attended to 7125 2925 2975 13025 Removal of accumulation of Dung, Stagnant Water, Animal, and other Refuse 253 109 159 521 Removal of Animals improperly kept 29 24 56 109 Bakehouses Inspected Regularly 93 33 29 155 Licensed Cowhouses 19 13 10 42 Licensed Slaughterhouses 7 15 4 26 Fish-curing Premises 12 22 .. 34 Other Proceedings, e.g. Legal Proceedings 41 65 23 129 Fever Cases 132 90 120 342 Small Pox Cases 152 72 110 334 BETHNAL GREEN SANITARY DISTRICT. TABLE VII. VACCINATION. Supplemental Return of Births for the year, (due to the Local Government Board, 7th August, 1878. REGISTRATION SUB-DISTRICTS COMPRISED IN THE VACCINATION OFFICER'S DISTRICT. Births. Successfully Vaccinated. Died before the period of Vaccination. Postponed by Medical Certificate. Insusceptible of Vaccination. Had Small Pox before the period of Vaccination. Removed to Districts, the Vaccination Officer of which has been duly apprized. Not known and removed to places which cannot be reached. Default. GREEN DISTRICT 1943 1572 192 21 2 2 20 132 2 HACKNEY ROAD DISTRICT 1302 1062 131 11 • • • • 9 89 • • CHURCH DISTRICT 1144 960 107 11 • • • • 13 53 • • TOWN DISTRICT 820 681 80 6 1 1 10 41 • • Total 5209 4275 510 49 3 3 52 315 2 Signed,—C. Winter. TABLE VIII. ANALYSIS OF THE MORTALITY IN LONDON DURING THE YEAR 1878. QUARTER ENDING. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living, at all ages. Deaths under 1 year to 1000 Births Registered. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 living. Per-centage to Total Deaths of Deaths registered. All Causes. Seven Principal Zymotic Diseases. Violence. Aged 1 to 60 years. Aged GO years and upwards. Upon Certificate of the Coroner (Inquests). In large Public Institutions. March, 1878 25.6 4.2 0.81 150 15.7 91.1 6.3 18.6 June „ 22.5 4.1 0.83 143 14.4 68.7 6.2 19.4 Sept. „ 22.1 5.5 0.76 214 12.0 58.3 5.7 16.8 Dec. „ 23.7 2.8 1.30 149 14.2 88.6 8.5 18.7 TABLE IX. AREA, POPULATION, DENSITY, AND MORTALITY IN ENGLAND AND LONDON. DIVISIONS. Area in Acres. Area in Square Miles. Persons to a Square Mile, 1871. Annual Rate of Mortality per 1000 Persons living in Ten Years. Year 1877. 1877.—Quarters ending. 1878.—Quarters ending. 1851-60 1861-70 Mar. June. Sept. Dec. Mar. June. Sept. Dec. ENGLAND 37,319,221 58,311 390 22.2 22.4 20.4 22.3 21.5 17.7 20.1 22.8 20.8 20.6 22.6 LONDON 75,362 118 27,578 23.6 24.3 21.9 23.6 22.2 19.1 22.4 25.6 22.5 22.1 23.7