I

SPANS PAPERS,

IMPORTANT OBSERVATIONS.
tFROM THE CONCHOW OF THE 15TH JULY.]
For these two or three days, a rumour has baen itt
circulation, that Peace has been made between the

Russians, Prussians, and French. To us this certainly
would not appear very extraordinary. We have ob-
served, that in the numerous Proclamations, Mani-
festos, Qrders, &c. which from the beginning of the
victories of the Russians, have been issued by the
Emperor Alexander, General Kutusoff, the King of
Prussia, Wittgenstein, Blucher, York, &c. ao men-
tion is made of either the English or Spaniards ; and
this silence gives reason to suspect that an attention
to the English, Spaniards, and Portuguese nations,
does not enter into the ulterior plans of those powers,
though they have been their support, their example,
and the principal instrument of their trittmphs, in
freeing themselves from the yoke of the Gallo-Corsi-
can tyrant. In a well-known Proclamation, which
the Allies have published, they declare that it has
not been their intention to enter France. This declaration
does not appear very encouraging ; in it Bonaparte
might already foresee the re-establishment of his for-
tune, much as he has suffered ; since, if the Allies
ever arrived at the Rhine, they were not to advance
a step further. The tyrant might prepare armies,
fight, be conquered, return to collect forces, and
again try his fortune, and in this manner continue to
proceed, while the moderation of his enemies pre-
vented them from setting font in France, Such a
declaration may be very generous, but must be very
prejudicial, and is certainly not the way in which war
should be made upon a man who must be extermi-
nated, if we wish well to the human race.
We have before observed, that at the time of con-
cluding, the Armistice, the contracting parties forgot
to send an Envoy to England with notice of this
unexpected event. We say forgot, which leads us to
presume, that Alexander, Frederick, and the Corsican
Monster, to whom they have listened, care but little
in their agreements what the English Government
may say or think on the subject.
Bonaparte in his Bulletins has not said a single
word on the Continental 85ttent, which likewise leads
us to suspect, that in consequence of a treaty with
Alexander, he is not far from yielding in that point.
-These observations, and others which at present we
shall not mention, may lead us to presume that a
certain :Iteration of interest: between the Powers of the
North and England, and the Peninsula, notwithstan-
ding their repkted promises and stipulations, which
are generally kept by Cabinets while convenient.
We shall not, however, on this account, give cre-
dit to the rumours of Peace, since we believe that
Alexander and Frederick, in their politics, have re-
gard to the happiness of their people, and this is in-
compatible with the existence of Bonaparte, unless
those monarchs and their subjects prefer ignominy
and slavery to honour and independence,
We know not how those rumours of Peace got into
the Peninsula. Tlicnigh the letters from Lisbon come
no lower than the 4th, they, have been received by
Faro to the Bth; but by that conveyance nothing
new has been learnt relative to the affairs of the
North. We know that this report has not been pro,
pagated by Corunna, Bilboa, or Gibraltar; no other
way then remains by which it could come but by the
Pyrenees, and it would not be extraordinary if it pro-
ved to be an artifice originating in that quarter.
The report, however, is not utterly improbable.—
We only complain that Bonaparte has been listened
to—for he who listens is already disgraced, at least
be does not hold it as a fundamental principle, that
Bonaparte ought to be treated at an ilstartits, and not at
a Sovereign—a principle, without which Europe is lost.
But to assure us that peace is already concluded, is
to precede events. All that can be presumed is, that
the contracting parties have agreed on the basis of a
Congress, for it they have made Peace so hastily, we
should say that—
But it is best to be silent, and not utter bitter truths,
resting cm" conjecture only, though this may be of
considerable weight.
It will not appear strange, that the conditions of
the reported Peace are likewise circulated. When a
person is disposed to invent, it is not difficult to in-
vent circumstances. Some, therefore, place the
Grand Duke Constantine on the throne of Poland,
and thus silence Alexander ; they made Ferdinand

VII. King of the Americas, and think they thus
preserve treaties and conventions; they make the
Archduke Charles King of Spain, and satisfy or sub-
due the ituurgents. In this manner they dispose of '
the affairs of both worlds with the greatest facility—
having before them, no doubt, the map and compass,
and asking permission of no one. In a word, they
have made a mercantile contract of the human spe-
cies, as they might have done of a flock of sheep.
If all this had any foundation, we must suppose
that Cabinets and Monarchs in the present day have
as much stupidity, ignorance, and malevolence, as in
the most barbart.us and despotic times. Others
would make the Emperor of Austria Emperor of
Germany ; they indemnify Joseph in Italy, and place
Eugene in Poland ; they give to Sweden, Prussian
romerania; to Russia, Austrian Poland . to Austria,
Prussian Silesia ; to Saxony, the Mark of Branden-
burg ; Prussia they concentrate in Royal Prussia,
&c. ; and thus forma hodge-podgre,.which only tends
to shew, that they people are accounted nothing, and
political convenience every thing.
- There is also talk of a meeting in Dresden, be-
een the three Emperors and the Kings of Saxony
and Prussia. We no longer fear that Bonaparte
aht uki seize on these Monar ells, and send them to
France. The example of Fel dinand has opened the
eyes of the sagacious Corsican, and he will not expose
himself, by seizing Alexander and Frederick, to a
national war on the part of the people, when he suc-
ceeds so well in wars of the Cabinet. The people—
the insurgents-4re the rm st formiJable enemies of
the tyrant. He knows well how to flatter the self-
love of Monarchs, but he cannot subdue the people,
when they are firmly resolved not to be his slaves.
Let us, however, suspend our judgment on the re-
sult of the war in the North, but let us not suspend
for a moment our exertions to be prepared for what-
ever events may occur, either from the weakness of
the Monarchs of the Continent, or from the apathy
of their subjects. ••

•

FRENCH P4PARS.
PARIS, AUGUST 29.
• (nos Tfi MONITZWIt 97 MMUS'? 30. •
con OP A LIITTER PROM COUNT DARU, MINUTE* fi
VELETA RS' OF STATE, TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE
TER AT WAR, DATED GOERLITZ, AIM= 24.

M. La Duc.As I see that, the Emperor is ex-
tremely occupied, sometimes upon the Banks of the
Bober, sometimes upon the debouches from Bohemia'
and sometimes upon the Elbe, and as the campaign
is extremely active, it is possible that his Majesty may
not find a moment to write to you.

41 I think proper to inform your Excellency, that
the Army is in the best state, and abundantly supplied
with every thing necessary.
44 The enemy's army which was in Silesia has been
beaten and repulsed to a distance. The debouches
of Bohemia have been occupied and fortified. It ap-
pears that at this moment his Majesty is manoeuvring
the enemy's army on the Elbe. Those of our armies
which were manoeuvring towards Brandenburg must
have entered Berlin to-day. _
44 The Prince of Eckmuhl's army, united with the
Danish corps, must now be at some marches from that
city.—l pray your Excellency to accept, &c,
(Signed) 44 Count DARV."
(Timm Tpe JOURNAL DL !..'tstrutz.)
We have received intelligence from the Grand
Army, dated the 22d.
Nis Majesty the Emperor was at that epoch at
Lavenberg, upon the Bober, and enjoyed the best
health. The campaign was opened, and the military
operations which every where. were executed, have
been to our advantage.
The Prussians and Russians under General Lange-
ron have been completely beaten. We shall not de-
lay receiving an official Bulletin.
On the other side, the Prince of Eckmuhl has taken
possession of Schwerin, an important place, and the
capital of Mecklenburgh ; in short, it is probable our
troops entered Berlin on the 23d.
The Senate assembled yesterday, under the Presi-
dency of his Highness the Prince Arch-chancellor of
the Empire. The sitting, at which two orators of
Government assisted, began at one o'clock and finish-
ed at a quarter past two.
