THE KING'S COURT AND LEVEE.

Yesterday, at eleven o'clock, his MAJitsrY held a
Court, at his Palace in Pall-mall, which was at-
tended by—
The Lord Privy Seal, the Pirst Lord of the Treasury, the
Secretaries of. State fur the Horne, Foreign, anl Colonial De-

partments, the Nlaster-Ceneral of the 01-finance, th: Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Stew-
ard, the Groom of the Stole, the First Lord of the Admiralty,
the Lord Chief Justice of the Cotsrt of King's Uench, the
Comptroller of the Household, 4%6.

His MAJESTY held a Privy Council, at which C.
CAVENDISH FULKE GREYILLE, Esq. was introduced,
and sworn in Clerk of the Council, in the room of
Lord Viscount CIIETWYND deceased.

The Right Hon. Sir WILLIAM Scorr, the Judge of
the Admiralty Court, made his Report of the con-
victs capitally convicted at the Admiralty Sessions,
who were all reprieved during pleasure.
, Sir JOHN SYLVESTER, the Recorder of London,
was admitted into the presence of the KING in Coun-
cil, and made his Report of the offenders capitally
convicted at Justice Hall, in the Ohl Bailey, at die
last February Sessions.
His MAJESTY gave audiences to the Earl of LI-
VERPOOL, Viscounts SIDMOUTH and CASTLERKAGII.

The KING retired to his private apartments a short
time after the Council, and on his return to the'State
apartments, he entered the Royal Closet, where the
Spanish Ambassador and the Swedish Minister were
introduced to a private audience of the Kim), by Vis-
count CASTIAREACIII, principal Secretary of State
for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Sir Rouser
Consxna, thiMaster of the Ceremonies. The other
Ambassadors and *lusters present were, the Russian,
Netherlands, Austrian, French (Charge d'Affaires),
Sardinian, Bavarian, Saxon, Portuguese, American,
Sicilian, Turkish, Prus,ian, Wirtemberg, and Baden.
Among the other distinguished persons present to
pay their dutiful respects to his MAitirtY were

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, the Cabinet Mr
Miters, tke Greai alters of State, the Archbishops of Canter-
bury and York, the Bishops of London and Liandaff, the Lord
Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Judge of the
Admiralty, the Solicitor-General, the Secretary at War, the
Judge Advocate, the Deputy Commissary-General, Sir W.
Scott, Sir W. Duff Gordon, Lord Holland, Lord Wm. Russell,
Messrs. Tierney and Canning; J. Cam Hobhouse, Esq. M. P.

(with an Address from the City of Westminster); Colonel
Hawker; Sheriff Williams, the Recorder of London, the Pre-

silent of the Royal Society, the King's Advocate, lice. &c. &c.

The following were among the numerous Pre-
sentations to his MAiarrY:
Tlit Rev. N. hinds, on his appointment to be Domestic Chap-
lain to his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, by Vis-
count Dudley and Ward.
Dr. John Taylor, Physician Extraordinary to his Royal High-
ness the Duke of Clarence, by the Lord in Waiting.
Lord Holland, with an Address from Manchester.
Professor Inman, by Viscount Palmerston.
Sir Murray Maxwell, by the Lord in Waiting.
Capt. Uton, R.N. on his marriage, by Major-Gen. SirW. Anson.
The Hon. Gustavus F. Hamilton, son of Viscount Boyne, upon
his being attached to the Mission at Turin.
Mr. John Foley, by his brother, on return from the Continent.
Mr. NlacdoneU, Agent and Consul-General at Algiers.
Sir R. Liston, on his return from Constantinople.
Major-Gen. Sir Victor Von Arentschild, on going abroad.
Mt. B. Mills, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Claughton, by Mr. Leigh.
The Hon. J. S. Cocks, by Lord Somers.
Mr. John Drummond, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Michaelson, by the lArd in Waiting.
Earl of Malmsbory, on coming to his title.
Mr. D. Tighe, on his going abroad, by Lord Stuart.
Mr. St. Quintin, by the Lord in Waiting.
Capt. Shakespear, Light Horse Volunteers, by Col. Bosanquet.
Cornet Spottiswode, Light Hone Vol. by CoL Bosanquet.
Cornet Drummond, Light Horse Vol. by CoL Bosanquet.
Capt. Drummond Greene, of the Hanoverian Rifle Guards.
Capt. Rudperd, on his doparture for St. Helena.
Lieut. Rohde, Light Horse Volunteers, by Col. Bosanquet.
Lieut. Strung, of ditto, by the Lord in Waiting.
best. Frederick Buller, Coldstream Guards, by ditto.
Capt. %V. Hope Johnstone, R.N. by his father, Sir W. J. Hope.
Capt. l'Acon. on his return from South America, by ditto.
Lieut. Brisbane, 9th Regt. on his return from the West Indies.
Major Sandilands, Coldstream Guards, on his promotion.
Capt. Hodgson, lOth Hussars, OD promotion.
Lieut. Powney, R.N. by Viscount Sidmouth.
Lieut. Douglas, Coldstream Guards, by the Lord in Waiting.
Ensign Fitzroy, on appointment to the bd Guards, by Viscount
Castlereagh.
James Stamp Sutton Cooke, Esq.
Earl of Derby, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr W. Hebert Saunders, by the Earl of GkngaL
Mr. Arthur Gwinuiss, by the Lord in Waiting.
Lord Walpole by Lord Vrmehester.
Lord Comberinere on appointment to the Sd Light Dragoons.
The Hon. Major Finch, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. S. M'Gillivray, to take leave on going to Canada.
Mr. Crompton, M.P. by the Lord In Waiting.
Mr. Duchett, by the Lord in Waiting.
Sir George Prescott, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mn Long, by the Earl of Northesk.
Ensigns Stewart, 63d Regt. by Major-Gen. Sir T. G. Walker.
Capt. Kittoes by the Lord in Waiting.
Lieut. French, 15th Regt. by the Lord in Waiting.
Capt. Wesley Doyle, Royal Cornwall and Devon Marines.
Lieut. Huntley, 9th Lancers, on kis appointment.
Lieut. Geoffrey Nightingale, Grenadier Guards.
Lieut. Gossett, Royal Artillery, by the Lord in Waiting.
Lieut. Edw. Earle, R.N. on his return from the Continent.
Lieut. Hodgson, sth Dragoon Guards, on his promotion.
Lieut. Coney, 4th Light Dragoons, by Sir S. Young, Bart.
Lieut. Martin, R.N. on promotion, by Sir Byam Martin.
Lieut. Hairy King, R.N. on return from foreign service.
Lieut. Wallace, Zoth Regiment, by the Lord in Waiting.
Lieut. Reed, ad Life Guards, on his promotion.
Capt. White, Coldstream Guards, by„the Lord in Waiting.
Capt. Fead, R.N. on his Majesty's coming to the Throne.
Hon. R. C. Perceval, by the Marquis of Northampton.
Mr. Jepbson, of Castle Mallow, on coming of age.
Mr. Clayton Browne, by his uncle, the Earl of Mayo.
Mr. James Morier, on his marriage.
Mr. Brooke Greville, by Lord Clue.
Mr. Pettiward, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Fritter, of Loirat, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Hodgson, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Middleton, by the Lord in Waking.
Earl of Roden, on coming to his title.
Sir John Burgoyne, on appointment to the Grenidier Guards.
Mr. Markt) by the Lord in Waiting.
Hon. and Rev. It. Carleton, on his marriage.
Mn James Colquhoun by Lord Castlereagh.
Mr. William Wrixon iiecket, by the Duke of Devonshire.
The Earl of Glasgow, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Wyndham, m. P. on his marriage.
Mr. Littleton, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Gwynne, on his return from the Continent.
Mr. F. Itobe, Royal Staff Corps, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. S. G. Lushington, by his father, Mr. Lushington.
Mr. Earle, Royal Artillery, on kis return from the Continent.
Mr. Clement, by Lord Ctsmbermere.
Mr. Vaughan Davis, by Mr. Hart Davis, 'Member fop Bristol.
Mr. Sterry, of Romford, Under Sheriff of Essex.
Mt Henry Alexander, by the Lord in Waiting.
Sir Richat d Borough, on his arrival from the Continent.
Mr. Murray, by Mr. John Mitchell, M.P.
The Rev. H. A. Hughes. by Lord Sititinsuth.
Rev. Or. Blomfielti, by the Rialto? of London.
Rev. Edward Barnard, by Viscount Sydney.
Rear-Admiral Harvey, from the West Indies, and promotion.
Major-General kiallingaU, by the Lord In Waiting.

tieetrGenetal John slope, hy his Excellency Count fifenstee.
Lieut.-Colonel Daubeney, 84th Regt. en his return from India.
Lieut.-CoL Dunlop, Light IlorgeVolunteers, by Col. llosanquet.
Lieut.-Col. Forstem, I•.:ph liege. on his return ir .m I reiay.d.
Lieut.-Col. Sir Fred. Watson, on his return from liiii de Janeiro.
Lieut.-Col. Harvey. on Ns return from the Co dissent.
Lient.-Col. Sir Geo. Berkeley, on his appointment to 3d Guards.
Vice-Adm. Sir G. Martin, on Isis app. to Grand Cross or the Bath.
Rear-Adm. Mays, on lib promotion, by the Lord in Waiting.
Lieut.-Col. Host. J. 13. Rodney, 3d Guards, on his promotion.
Lieut.-Col. Johnson, on app. to the Lieut.-Colorielcy 85th Rect.
Lieut.-C01..8u11. Royal Horse Artillery, on going to Ireland.
Lieut.-Col. Llewellyn, M.P. tlBth Rev. on return from abroad.
Colonel Ell.ce, by tin: Lord in Waiting.
Colonel 31actIonald, Deputy Adjutant-General of the Fortes.
Lieut.-Col. Sir Arch. Murray, ssl Guards. on his promotion.
Lieut.-Col. Sir John Campbyll, Knt. on his return from abroal
Lieut.-Col. Snavely, Royal Staff Corps, by the Lord iii Waiting.
Colonel YlteS, 49th ltegt. by Lieut.-Gen. Sir M. Nightingall.
Lieu:.-Gent Hell, Madras ArtilLry, on his return from India.
I Major-General Sir Thomas Brisbane. \".` a
The Rev. G. G. Slonestreet, by the Lord in Waiting'
Mzior-General Frazer, on his return from the cortfi.
Colonel Dalbiac, Light Dragoons, by the Lord in WiMg. s•
Rev. John George Stone, by the Lord in Waiting.
Dr. Courthorpe Sims, by the Lord in Waiting, on going abriad.
The ltev. Robert Moore, by the Lord in Waiting.
Colonel Anvil, M.P. Royal East India Volunteers.
Lieutenant-Colonel Wigram, M.P. ditto.
Major Raises ditto, by Viscount Sidmouth.
Major Barne late 89th Rev, by Major-General IL Taylor.
Major Mood , Royal Engineers,
Major F. Sa villo D. Q. M. G. Bengal Army.
Major Synge, on his appointment to the :Bth Hussars.
Major Elton King's Dragoon Guards, by General Cartwright.
Itev. Mr. Witham, by the Lord in Waiting.
Major O'Neill, by the Lord in Waiting. •
Captain Charleton, 85th ltegt. by the Lord in Waiting.
Captain Campbell, R.N. by Lord 3!elville, on his promotion.
Captain S. P. Hurd, 60th Poor, by General Wynyard.
Capt. Lister, on his appointment in Jersey, by tht Lord in Waiting.
Capt. John Ilowen, IL N. by his father.
Capt. James Sanders, R.N. by Sir George Cockburn.
Capt. Lyon, of his Majesty's ship Heclo by Sit J. Lyon, K.G.B.
Sir Hugh Innes, Dirt. M.P. by the Lord in Waiting,
Mr. Lowther Thompson, by Lord Westmoreland,
Capt. Fuller, R.N. on his return from abroad.
Capt. Ford, Aid-de-Camp to Gen. Darling, on his pivltnotion.
Capt. Bowles, R.N. on his marriage, by Lord Palmerston.
Lieut.-Colonel Pepper, by the Marquis a Hradfort.
Lieut.-Colonel Colston, late Inspecting Field Officer.
Mr. Fludyer, by Sir Samuel Flus/yen
Mr. J. H. Lowther, M.P. by the Earl of Westmoreland.
Mr. Hilton, on his going abroad, by the Lord.% %Fairing.
Mr. J. D. Alezander, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Stewart Mackenzie) of Leaforth, upon his marriage.
Mr. James Alexander, by the Lotd in Waiting.

' •

The Marchioness of HERTFORD was not at the
Opera on Tuesday, as erroneously stated yesterday,
on the authority of a Morning Paper.
RECORDER'S REPORT.—Yesterday the RECORDER
made a Report to his MAJESTY of the followits pri-
soners under sentence of death in Newgate, viz.
John Collins Thomas Dowling, Andrew At'Lochiand, Jo-
seph Kitsell, and James Pitcher, for stealing in dwelling-houses.;
Samuel Young, John Godliman, William Robinson, and Wa-
li.un Powell, for burglaries; Robert Mott, for forging an ac-
ceptante to a Bill of Exchange; Edward Parsons, William
Dawson, and William Messenger, for uttering forged Bank- .
notes; George Barry and William Powell, for highway rob-
beries; Joseph Stanley, William Hardy, John Harris, arias
Keylock, and George Harris, alias Keylock, for felony, having
before been sonvkted of felony, and received the benefit uS
clergy ; when
--.Joseph Kitsell, James Pitcher, William Robinson,
William Dawson, and George Barry, were order e 3
for execution on Tuesday next. The others were
respited during his MAJESTY'S pleasure.
KENT A ssi ZES.—Tuesday, at Maidstone, actions
were brought against Sir Wm. GA RROW and THOMAS
WARRE, Esq. for stopping up the foot-path on the
edge of the cliff leading from Ramsgate to Pegwell
Bay, which path, it was contended by the above
Gentlemln, was their private property, as attached
to their several residences. Many witnesses, some
of them very old, proved the use of the pathway
for a long series of years. The Jury, however, found
a verdict for the defendants.—Another action of the
same kind was tried. to prove the right of a foot-path
from Ramsgate to Broadstairs—verdict the same.—
On the Criminal Side, six prisoners pleaded guilty
to the minor offence of knowingly having in their
possession forged Bank of England Notes, and seve-
rally received sentence of transportation for fourteen
years, viz. Janzcs Holman, William Of olf,John Searle,
James Searle, Thomas Harvey, and Chaska Later.—
Henry French and Edward Hall, were capitally in-
dicted for utterin a forged Cl Bank of England
Note—French gui , Hall not gufilty.—John Britten
and Joseph Richardson, were found guilty of assault-
ing John Blinkhorn, on the King s highway, and
taking from him a metal seal, a steel key, and qt
steel chain—Death.

The following is a translation of an Address from
the brave Neapolitans to the Hungarian Soldiers,
composed in Latin, and generally circulated among
the Hungarian Troops:
" Brave Soldiers of Hungary I--,The insidious policy of Aus-
tria, which you have experienced for so many ages, calls you
now to the first horrors of an Italian war, where you are not to
fight for your beloved country or your religion, but against
peaceable nations, who are armed only in defence of their here-
ditary King, andethe laws of their-native land.
" Our liberty is assailed by the same iniquitous plan which
formerly attacked your own—namely, that while a few fight, all
may be subdued. It is, therefore, the common cause which le
at stake in the plains of Italy; for what can be the design of
this most unjust war, unless the insatiable lust of power which
possessewithse, thePri:ellaceceactle anAust gtia ?iltless intention, only re-establish
and maintain our ancient civil rights and customs within our do-
mestic limits; while we observe external faith, and while*e
offer a peat example of peace and concord, a dreadful state of
slavery is prepared for us, that all the bounds of Italy may lie
exposed and defenceless to Austrian avarice and ambition.
" To punish this act of aggression belongs to that Ozaaw
Barrio ,who, by his terrible nod, dissipates the arms of the wicked.
We, for our country, for our King, and our laws, for our wives;.
our children, and our fire-sides, descend into the field of con-
Diet ; do ye, therefore, who advance to join the battle, imitate
your ancestors, and keep before your eyes posterity, that history
may not have to relate that the noble Hungarians (made, as it
were, the instruments of a flagitious tyranny), were employed
for our destruction; nor that they could not preserve their own
liberty or tolerate that of others l"
A letter dated Inland shit), on the 23d of Ja-
nuary, has been received in Glasgow, from one of
the Radicals who were taken in arms at Bonnymnir.
It mentions, that they had reached Teneriffe, and
that nothing of consequence had happened. AR
the party had got their irons taken off a • few days
before the dam of the letter, which made their condi-
tion more confortable. There is a Clentlemaa on boatel
who is gong out to settle in the. country, and he
has promised to do as much as he can for the benefit
of those who conduct themselves with decency and
decorum. 'He and the Clergyman are employed in
teaching the felons to read, and in giving them re-
ligious instruction.
Poorsvai.txvni.—.l yeoman, of the nameof Biorbraaoanerns,
started yesterday morning at llonierton, to walk fifty miles in
nine hours, for a hundred guineas. He resigned zgainss his
will, after doing forty miles iu eight hours.
