Nl.' ItE't 10,248.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1819.

EASTLINDIA HOUSE, December 22, 1819.
THE COURT eDIRECTORS9fthe UNITED
COMPANY MERCILIA TS e ENGLAND trading
Ir the EAST INDIES, do hereby give Notice,
That a GENERAL COURT will be held, by adjournment,
it their House, in Lradenhall-street, oa WEDNESDAY, the
!ids January next, at Elercn o'ClOck in the Forenoon, for the
orpese of considering a Proposition which will then he made
Lztrtably to the notice tabled at the General Court on the 224
.;qtcesber last, (and which was this day adjourned to the said
1,01,1 f January), to place in their Court-room a Statue of the
Lte llizht Honcierable W y HISATINCIN as a last testimony
er spprobation of the long, zealous, and successful services render
-
el to the East-India Cotnpany by that distinguished Character.
The Resolution of the Court of Directors upon this subject
is now open at this House, fin the inspection of the Prnprieteto
JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

KING AND QUEEN'S COLLEGE OF PIITSICIANS,
DUBLIN.
AT a MEETING held on the 15th of December,
1819, Doctor WILLIAM HARRISON, after having
undergone the usual Examinations on two siparate days, was
unanimously admitted a LICENTIATE of that College.

This day were published,: - •
In Two Volumes, 12mo. price lis. boards,
HINTS on the SOURCES of MAPPINES.4.
Addressed to her Children by a Mother.
• Author of " Always Happg," kr. •
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, Oahe, and Brown, Pater.
noster-row; and J. Harris and Son, St. Paull Church-yard.

This darwas published, in ivo. price 7s. boards,
SOUND MIND ; or, Contributions to the Natural
History and Physiology of the Human Intellect.
By JOHN HASLAM, M.P.
Late of Pembroke Hall, Cambridge; •formerly Presides* et
the Royal Medical, Natural History, and Chemical. Societies of
P.dinburgit.
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Raw, Orme, and Brows, Loads&

EAST-INDIA HOUSE, December !2, 1819.
rr CO U lIT of DIRECTOR§ of the UNITED
-a- CO PA N Yof MEACHANyS of ENGLANB, trading
to EAST lADIES, de hereby gioe Nubia', •
That at the adjourned GENERAL COURT. of the. said
Company, appointed to be held at their House, in Leadenhall-
street, on W.EDNESDAY, the 12th of January next, there
will be submitted to the' consideration of the Proprietors an
unanimous Resolutioa of the Court of Direetori of this day's
date, recommending the Court of Proprietors to authorize the
Court of Directors to offer to his Majesty to raise and maintain,
ar the expense of the Company, a CORPS of VOLUNTEER
IN FA NIRY, from amongst the persons in the Company's
employ ; and, if his Majesty shall accept such offer, then to
authorize the Court of Directors to defray the expense of the.,
Corps so to be raised, out of the Funds of the Company, and,
if necessary, to apply for an Act of Parliament to sanction'the
arprnpriatiott of a sufficient part thereof for that purpose.
Copy of the said Resolution now lies open at this House, for
the perthal'of the Proprietors. JOSEPH DART, Secretary.

This day were published, la Bee. price 121. bends,
VIEWS of SOCIETY and MANNERS in the,
NORTH of IRELAND, in a &cies of Letters, vnitteit
in the Year 1918.
Lip JOHN GAMBLE, Esq.
Author of Trish Sketches, Sanfirld, Northern Irish Tales, &c.
Printed-for Longman, Hunt, Rees, Orme, And Brown, London.
Cf whom may be had,
Northern Irish Tales, founded on Pacts. Two Vols. 19mo.
12s. boards.

This day were published. in Ilvo. price 12s. boards,
TRAVELS in FRANCE, in 1818. By FRANCIS
HALL, Esq.. late Military Secretary to General Wibaa,
Governor in Canada.
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees,-Orme, end Brown, London.
Of whom may be had, by the 411131 e Author,
Travels in Canada, and the United States, in 11116 and 1817,
in hat). price 14s. boards, the Second Edition.
Mr. Hell is a clever, lively man, very mucliebove the com-
mis* we of writers; With very 'liberal and reassiolibsepitaions,
which he espy saes with great boldness."

Edinburgh Review, No. 81.

TMPROVED PATENT OBLIQUE PIANO-
.). FORTE, (patronized by the Royal Fathilies of France
and the Netherlands' also by the Nobility and Public in this'
Country), has now gained the decided superiority over every
other, for its elegant shape, moerrate size, good touch, fine tone,
and durability ; price from 45 to 75 guineas.—May be seen, by
day-lightt at Mr. Watlcris' 13, Lrloester-placc. Two hundred
have been sold and approved of.
N. 13. Second-hand Cabinet Piano, Sege.. 13quare ditto, 24gs.
Pedal ['tarp, 45gs.—all as good as new.

This day was published,
In lento. price 4s. 6d. bound, the Third Edition, et
GEOGRAPHY for YOUTH, adapted to the
different CLASSES of LEARNERS.
By the late Rev. JOHN HARTLEY.
Revised by his Sou.

This Work is constructed upcin a plan entirtly new; and com-
prises a great mass of information, compressed into a narrow
compass, and stated in a way eminently calculated to rivet it in
the memory of the learner. Observations are occasionally aided,
for the use of more advanced pupils; and questions for examina-
tion are placed at the foot of each page.
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown, London.

THE NEW MONTHLY, MAGAZINE and LI-
TERART PANORAMA. The variety of talent exhi-
bited in this Wotk,added to its very interesting Embellishments,
having caushd a greater demand for Numbers than could be im-
mediately complied with, the Public are requested is take No-
tice, that the FIRST NUMBER of a NEW VOLUME will
be published on the First of January, embellished with a fine
Portrait of se celebrated Canova, and will comprise the usual
variety of Interesting Articles, in general Literature, Art, Bei.
ence, Criticism, Politics, ALnnersZand Amusements; and those
Persons who may wish to avail themselves of the present fa-
♦ourable opportunity for commencing it. Are requited to a-aw-
e* their orders without delay, to their respective Booksellers
ea Newsmen.
Thii Mareine having acquired a very high literary character
men of the first eminence being strenuously engaged in enrich-
Mg its pages with their oommunications, it may be sufficient to
state, for the information of those unacquainted with its gene-
ral contents, that independent of its being a faithful Chronicle
of the great Political Events of the times, and an accurate Re-
cord of Domestic and Family History, it forms a cosaplete Re-
gister of every Novelty .in the Arts, Sciences, and *Letters,
equally acctiprable to the scholar and the philosophers to the man
of leisure, and the man of business.
Formed on such a Plan, it must be obvious that the New
Mortal:Lir Macazi .e cannot fail to prove a most acceptable pre-,
sent to friends and relatives abroad, to whom lesnay be regu-
larly forwarded by giving orders, and making payment to any
local l'ogmaster.
Published by Henryi Colburn and Co. London; to whom
Communications for the Editor are requested to be addressed,
free of postage.

This day was published,
•
In Two Vols. deo. price XI. 514 boards, with a Portrait from
the rare Print by Crispin de Passe, the Foarth Edition, of
MEMOIRS of the COURT of QUEEN ELIZA•
BETH. By LUCY AIKIN.
The present Work is composed upon the plan of uniting with
the personal History of a celebrated Female Sovereign, and a
connected Nanution of the Domestic Events of her Begin a
large portion of Biographical Anecdote, private• Memoir, and
Traits illustrative of the Manners, Modes of 'Makin, and Lite.
nature, of an interesting period of English History. Original Let-
ters, Speeches, and occasional Poems, are Ipsgely interspersed.
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown, London.
Preparing for the Press, by the same Author, in one vol. Bvo.
Memoirs of the Court of King James the First.

This day was published,
In Ten Visk„royal 15mo. price .11 ss. boards,
FAMILY SHAKSPEARE ; in which no-,
As thing is added to the original Text: but those Words and
Expressions are omitted, which cannot, with propriety, be read
aloud in a Family.
By THOMAS BOWDLBR, Esq. F.R.S. and &A.
• M My great objects in this undertaking are to remove from the li
*Things of Shakapeare, some defects which dimieish their value
Lid, at the same time, to present to the Public an Edition of his
Plays, which the parebt, the guardian, and the instructor of youth
may place without fear is the heads of the pupil; and butts
which the pupil may derive instruction as well as pleasure ; may
improve his moral principles, while he relines his essts;.lnd
without incurring the danger of being hurt with any indelicacy
of expression, may learn, in the fate of ?Imbeds, that, eves
kingdom is dearly purchased, if virtue be the price of acrid-
tion.''J--Preface.
Primed for Leaman, Hurst, Ross, Orme, and Browny Lode&
STEERS'S OPODELDOC is acknowledged
superior to all other external applications for the cure of
Chilblains, Bruises, Sprains, Cramp, Rheumatism, and Numb-
ness of the Limbs. For Chilblains it should be dissolved and
applied in the first instanse, to prevent their breaking. Counter-'
hits of this admirable Remedy are sold in almoit every town
and street, by persons not suspected of attempting to defrand
their customers. Purchasers are therefore caotione that unless
the name " F. Newasau" be engraved. in the %Imps, the
Opodeidoc is not genuine.
Prepared and sold by F. Newbury and Sons, at the Ori-
ginal Warehouse for Dr. James's Powder, price 4s. 9d.
bottle ; but as many persons mistake the house, observe that it is
the third from Cbeapside, the Number 45. Sold also by J. San-
er, Oxford-street; Hawkins, Oid Bond-street; Straiiihrg,
change ; Harris, Ludgateostrost ; and Brenaud, lii
shopsgatostreet Without.

UNEQUALLED CHRISTMAS AND NEW YAII.I '
PRESENTS.
1. rIIHE HUNDRED WONDERS of theWORLD,
-IL and of the Three Kingdoms of Nature. By Clarke,
with Eighty Engravings, 9.. 61.
2. The VOCAL LIBRARY, consisting of Two-Thousand
Modern and Popular English, Scottish, and Irish Songs, price
10s. 6d. bound.
5. The BOOK of ENGLISH TRADES, describing use-
ful particulars of Seventy-seven Trades and Ensployments, with
Seventy-three Engravings, 9.. bound,
4. TA BART'S COLLECTION of FAIRY TALES,
the most extensive count, with Tarentrebt coloured Engrav-
ings, 69.
S. The PRESENT STATE of the BRITISH EMPIRE
in the Four Quarters of the World, with 100 Maps and Views,
by Goldsmith, 54. 6d.
6. The UNIVERSAL PRECEPTOR; or, General Gram-
m& of Arts and Sciences, by Blair, 41.6 d.
7. BLACKSTONE'S COMMENTARIES on the Laws
and Constitution of England; abridged and modernized, by
Clifford ; in' one large vol. I.ls.
S. GOLDSMITH'S popular GEOGRAPIIY ; illustrating
the Manners and Customs of all Nations i with Eighty Engrav-,
logs, 15s. •
9. MAVOR'S NATURAL HISTORY; with Sixty Eu-

1 imbed

faetorily

SUPERIOR ADVICE.
HAVING dedicated ourselves to the study, and
been ratified by the most considerable practice in that
branch which we thoeght proper to select, we trust that we have
not more misemeloyed our time, than those who, in the extensive
field of the profaim, are occasionally immersed in uncertainty,'
and cannot always attain that success which is acquired by ma-
centrating the intellectual power vs one class (4 disorders.
The diseases of Debility are peculiarly distressing, for they
bring with them a trails of coacomitain symptoms, and, by ado.
pression of all '.tal energy, existence itself becomes embittered,
whether they arise from the prevalence of ill example, the de-
structive habits of school-boys, or the less excusable indolgendos
of maturity.
In recent Venereal Cestplaints, k isposetbk to prevent palm
danger, or distress; and in the most complicated cues, it is the
acquirement of =choirs= in this hue, to Ow a safe;
certain, r mon

urgings of •400 Objects:7s. 6d.
10. ROBI ?NOW*. ANCIENT HISTORY; with Twenty-
four Engravings, 7s.
11. ROBINSON'S MODERN HISTORY; with Twenty-
four Engravings, 7s.
12. W ATKIN'S SCRIPTURE BIOGRAPHY; with
Twenty-four Engravings, 7s.
13. SQUIRE'S GRAMMAR of ASTRONOMY; with
Fifty beautiful Engravings, 9s. 6d.
Printed for Sir Richard Phillips and Co. London; and to be
bid of all Booksellers.

SEASONABLE ADVICE.
THE fashion this Winter of braving the fogs and
cold of the evening, half undressed, has mult!plicd the
funale victims of those disorders for which the SYRUP of
DE V ELNOS is the only efficient remedy. Mr. Casnast does
hot entertain a hope to break the spell of fashion, and prevent
the shocking sacrifices made to modish necks and small melee—
Cut mu,t be left to the gallantry of some greater Knight; but
he takes the liberty of apprising the afflicted male and female,
of the superior efficacy of the VEGETABLE SYRUP, in all
Nervous, Debilitating, and Consumptive Affections; in Alfons,
of Scrophula, Scurvy, and Feminine Obstructions; and in all
disease, of the Liver and of the Blood—the primary principle
of all animal substances, and the common origin of all the he.
lateunt and all the solids of the human body.
The Syrup is prepared according to the Recipe of the late Mr.
SwAivetug, intrusted to his introedi to Successor and Nephew,
Mr. Caeaass giolle • by whom it is sold, at his house, No. 52,
Verner ',street, Oxford-street, (as it was formerly at 21, Frith-
street), at 13s. a bottle. It is also sold at Mr. Atkinson e, 126,
Bishoptg-Ze-street Without ; and, by Mr. Canham's Agents in
every considerable town of the United Kingdom ; and the cos.
et utrated,ler wants climates, by his deputed Agents in the KW
It dw, vie. Messrs. Mackintosh sad Cu. Caleptuil aid Maws
rates ta4 Co. Natbay. -

mommimmmoimommilmimmonmEmin.--.7--$.,.-• 30. k.;., . "Z....." 7.• ,-- '.
,f `.... : ,
••• , , •
• •
• * '', # 2 'l,i .4,16
• , .
. •
• • * .'
..
1 •-.lk •-• •/AP t , •
!Cry ~1.
•
• r Z
:,•_
.' Fr
.
, A. •
jit4V. . --T. . •
• .
•
_
. ~., . .
.-
. . . .
Th41141444444.t.
1.4 . . • ' . . ' ....7. s'
NI. ..:11.47... 46. 4... if.r.",:"e .':'"-..! 4'7 . .
. .-
61( .067/
• AVASYO t 'S. '''''
...i...filllt'S ..- : . ... Illt .
. .01111 . .
. . ~.
• -
. ,
-
ilk
tel .
111(0,.... S . ' 0 *
* fli'• .04 , •
:1
• • , -
It \v. .
•
__.....
___ _ ,_,l, 4_, _._ ._` ~ 4, . ••_e --:r 4 - '4_46.-

. PRiCR PENC

ties of the Cemskitntion, which glint; no porrurse. •
Congress to itnigfere with, or to chuga what had
been so previously settled r thp Slava States, therm:-
fore, are free to continue or to abolish Slavriiry,
Since the year 18011, Congress has possessed power
to prohibit, and have prohibited the further
tien or importation of Caves into any of the 44'
Thirteen States; and at all times, tinder the old Con-
stitution, have had power to prohibit such nivigt.
tion or importation into any of the saw States or •
ritories of the United States.
The Constitution contains no uplifts provisids la*
specting Slavery in a new State that maybe admitted'
into the Union; every regulation osithit subject belougi
to the power whose consent is negisary to thalami*.
'non and admission of such State. Congress awn
therefore, make it .11•COnclitiOn of the admisnon'tft'
ligyr &ate, that Slavery shall be for ever Prohillitpd •
within the same. Wemajr with the more rootlike.*
pronounce this to be the construction of the Omni-
tattoo, as it has been so amply, confirmed 6ftlis,paa

di.

T

teLeMatai 1.5 46•••• •••••••••••- •••••• _ _
up and approved by the old Congress, in the y• es
1777, and soon after were ratified by some of the
States' their complete ratification did not take place
until the year 1781. The Sties Which possessed
small and already settled territory withheld their ra-
tification, in order to obtain from the larger States a
Coition to the United States of a portion of theii ad-
cant territory. Without entering into the reasons on
which this deinatid was urged, it is well known thee
they had an influence on Massachusetts, Connecticut,
New 'York, and Virginia, which States ceded to the
United States their respective claims to the territory_
lying north-west of the river Ohio. This cession wins
made on the express condition, that the ceded terri-
tory should be sold for the common benefit of the
United States ; that it-should be laid out into States,
mid that the States so laid out should form distiact
Republican States, and be admitted as members of
the Federal Union, having the same rights of sove-
reignty, freedom, and independence, as the other
States! Of four States which made this cession,
two pamitted, and the other two prohibited, Slavery.
The United States having in this manner become
proprietors of the extensive territory north-west of
the river Ohio, although the considerations contained
no express provision upon the subject, Congress, the
Only representation of the United States, assumed, as
incident to their, office, the power to dispose of this
territory; and for this purpose, to divide the same
into &tit= States, to provide for vhe tempotary go •
!eminent of the inhabitants therea, and for their ul-
timate admission, as new States, into the Federal Unto*.
The Ordinance for these purposes; tvhich• was
WWI Congress in 1787, contains certain *rd.
des, which are called Asides of compact between
the original States, end theteepie and %nes within
the said territory, for ewer to -remain unalterable,
unless by common consent." The sixth of those un-
alterable
articles provides, 14 that there shall be nei-
ther Slavery nor involuatary servitude in the mid tee- '
ritory.'‘
The Constitution bf the United States supplies the
defect that existed in the Articles of Confederation,
and has vested Congress, at has been stated, with
ample 'powers on this very important subject..,:Ao-
:itordingly, the Ordinance of 1787, passed by the old
4ongress, was ratified and continued by an Aet of
*it new Congress, during theii first 'Session under
the Constitution.
The State of Virginia', which ceded to the United ,
Mates her claims to this territory, consented, by bar
ddewites in the old Congress, to this Ordinance. Not
day Virginia, but North. Carolina, South Carolina,
and Georgia, by the unanimous votes of their dale- •
gates in the 'old Congress, approved of the Or&
alma of 1787, by which Slavery is for ever
in the territory north-west of the river Ohio.—
Without the votes of these States, the Ordinance
could not have passed; and there is no recollection
dim opposition from any of these States, to the act
of confirmation passed under the actual Constitution.
,Slavery had bong been established in these States—.
the evil was-felt in their institutions, laws, and ha-
bits, and could not easily or at once be abolished.-- ,
But these vete*, so honourable to these States, sari,=
demonstrate their unwillingness to _permit
the extension of Slavery into the new States whish
snight be admitted by Congress into the Union.
She States of. Ohio, Indiana, and Meeks, 'on the
north-west tithe river Ohio, have been admitted by
Consigns hue the Union, on the condition und,con-
fornsablx eo die articles of compact contained in the
Ordinance elle?, and by which it, is declared. that
there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in any el the said States.
Although Cooties: pcissess the power of maltisig
the exclusion of flowery a part or 'condition of the act
tadmittingsa new• State into the Union, they may. in
special .cases, and 'for sufficient reasons, forbear to
exercise this power. Thus Kentucky and Vermont
were adzilitted as new States into' the Union, without
laakingthe.airolition of Slavery the condition of their
admisika, In Vermont, Slavery never existed ; her
laws excluded the aunt. . Kentucky was formed out
