DEFENCE OF OUR COUNTRY.

Ar a very numerous Meeting of the joint Vellry
oldie Parißes of St. Giles in the Fields and St. George Bloomf-
bury, lickl in the %ratty Room of ht. Giles in the Fields, on Tue.&
day, the id day Annuli, 1803 ;
Mr. ALEXANDER STEWART. C.burcbsverdeo,
in the Chair;

IT WAS RtIOLVED CINANIAIOI3IILT.
That th 4 Wary will ever feel an ardour equal to that of the
molt zealous of his Majelly's molt loyal and patriotic fu'aledis, to
encourage, promote, and join in fucli meafurce as may be one ef•
(ideal for thaftifirs, and repelling from our native land an arro-
gant and ferocious enemy, who isitolentiy threatens to invade it,
and involve its hitherto free and happy lahabitants in the wretch•
ed mifery and slavery with which that enemy has overwhelmed
every country and people where he has procured an entrance, either
by open hothlity, or treacherous offers of fraternity; both leading
to the fame fatal goal! And as the Legitlature of our country has
now pared an Ad (which received the Royal Agent on the myth of
my lilt) for providing for the General Defence and Security of the
in cafe of Invoke, this Veftry confider it to be their moth
incumbent duty to Crward the Intentions of that Ad by every
means In their power ; and that they cannot do Comore elfeattally
than by a thost explanation of what still be cxpeded from the in-
habitants of there peril:es, in common with all their fellow fab-
led, in purfuance of it, in order that a prompt compliance with its
leveral provirons may be carried Into the full& efed in then
Politics ; sad fo as to adore, with the leak potable delay, what,
coda the priest emergent eircumillaneevls the meth &A rabic—
ale frog ad nay fawn f eentiab Afar ad yanneffien avrivf is.
ar#sa end thaw.
la order he give facility and promptitude to there means of De-
fence, the Comiattee, appointed by this Veftry, will arrange a
plan for the more catty and quickly procuring Returns of Lilts of
the Psaf an who are liable to he called upon in (bode Parities to be
r trained and curdled," ea Wended by the fald Ad,and can never
doubt, that, In foe! a cask, they will be called upon in vain. Farms
of
Rearm wM be delivered in a Row days at the hooka of the in-
Magnate The AG has inapofed a coslderable weight of duty on
the Cod dales; but having required that they bail be aided au!
sated in makingont the Lifts (as well as in other Important mot-
tos) by the PAinitters, Churchwardi as, and oth. r Parochial °S-
ter in every Pan& this Van fully rely on the exertion, as well
of the Wafters and Churchwardens,as of thole who are detignated
by the words " other parochial Olken," includiss the Badmen,
°veneers a the Post, and Coiled/An of the Pooh Rate, in doing
their stack, net ally by dillies in making out the Notices to the
lahaldtaina,bet is procuring Rama of the Lifts from them with
.as mach allfpottla as paid*: and the Veftry moth cannery exhort
the inhabitants in general to coaider, that, as all the people to this
our Conutry are engaged In we common caulk, they might
cheerfully and readily to cower la any mann that may
Lead to Cave ansecefary trouble to chafe when peculiar duty
It is to be inftrumental la ceiling them into adios, for the pro-
tection and prefervation from irretrievable rain of—dot:minim
relativestheir frleade--their neighbour...their conftitu-
dce—theitecomtry ! spied an inveterate, a Maths% and dela-
isting assay! an enemy that has, sad will east lime to let every
religious sad moral priest* at sought, or aloha than bud to Me
convenience or rurality. •
Refoloal—That the' Timab of this VeitrY be gives to the
Churchwardens for their pemmican In caning this Waft( ai
he convened, as ices ea a espy of the Adt could be obtainod he*
K Ag's Printer.
P.Atved.—Tbst the Thanks of this Wary be glum to thole ba-
lm' set: a of theft Parietal who have taken as alive part is Martin
maims gar forming a Volunteer Corps.
ALLX ANDER STEWART, Mammy

tbe ;;;Zir;iri itiis,7•l; ils;le•-
Sno far Ids cat smoritlem alb. important bialiasket Mistigis.

COUNTY OF WILTS.
AT a Meeting of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy,
•/- Freeholders, sod other inhabloata of this Conisty.. in
=Cof Public Advatidensent from the High Shoff * the
hamber ag New Soros, en Wedisef.lay, the knit day o f
lget3;
• HENRY HELD PHIT,S.ZDI. Sheriff. io the Chair.
Worm odadotoolly relabel:Mat the fallowing Addrefsmoved
by
reve William Pierce Ake A'Court, Dam mid feeetuted by Thus.
Eferbe adopted ;
• Ilifek granola Sentrelso. We lair MOW, loyal SnbJalta.the
.lilebility. Oa-edemas, /, Freehoder% sad other Inhabitants of
eke Comity of WikaLferlhole !bet we MY he unworthy the hap.
.t Oink which, le WM Subjelta, we enjoy, did we net &el asthma
es every proper treeellse to ley at the foot of the Than the molt
ample an renew of ear dopers god refpeifthi attaching* to your
bftelty's Polio owl gdowooneet.
* Yam MOO? iwwfore wll slot be 'Writs& that tW aitnii-
Ndheald cocain wkb Mere than Hold force is our minds at a
`ether ws fee Ihregoodlng Nation langolflang tinder the de-
arid unirioriplod Uhaper, who. not
ad relieved greet part of Europe,
the Hoed and treafereof this
---ufaftlion,yourDfaiefty's
;niched to your
kr-- so tune Omni.
aidfonitht-
..ad lova . *mous =Minn,
1010 C to this deirenite fraila ',apnea es
ere env eitedident wet, with the ef Dewitt Peovtot nee.
leamefaleßy repel Ids &reamed attain. everWhietn iihn with de-
. make him an objek of Alio& end conten•pt; and
kauld any tithe enemy's force ekape the*llant attauh.a.f your
MOW* Sen, give him an additional prod that Deities valour is
es *Omen, h land as it is on Use fn. ' ' '
kukawall by thee fentkonots, in ciontiams with the rail of our
fellow-fehjedls, we are ready to make retry bardoe of ilk and
lemma we *orbs ailed on too In fo &does a caufe. The heft
groan! we we with for in return. Is a key troittlomoce of the ca-
bmen/RI HAW ice peSth mocks. your Majelt) 'it mild and bon.
Ames edge."
That the Sheriff de the above Added, in behalf of
the hdordne, and that with the 'Members fir the County. ad
las Choticemo, who will ao attend, he prefent the fame to
Ida
k WOO aids unanlesottffy refnived. an the motion of Thomas pt-
omain, Po. Mow, the Pennon alksehied at tkb Meeting, aware
of the slant of the danger ies which oar Country is motored by
Rho widow darn of the Pre Catgut of France, OW tr goaded
that It is of the owed lopersance that every clefs of the earls
Inanity hosid contribute to the lama to. place the Kingdom in
ghe Wit peßbk date of kooky, think it right to pledge ourfelves
sad we MA we tray couture to requell el well-dirpOled Perko;
In ti.k.Coenty token with es in that pled-e. that we will give to'
ithethord Lieutenant and Lieutenants of Dtellion of the County
feet, alliftommein oar power, individually and enleclietly,
offieb nos tend to facilitate the execution et' thole meagre, whiat
his PAajety. older the Authority of Parliament. has ditedtcd to
do "bye far the Defence of the Realm, whether the fame feali
make pan of ors duty to any civil or military capazity In which
age may ha pe t.• i.e placed or tor.
Defaked. i is, the above fiddlers and theft Refract:ons he
pa hl in tie- Sit-a• Beth Chriuic rand Sabibery Morrows.
&kiwi. Tan the Thanks of this Woks be &ea to the
VW" and Coirrytkia for the the Rood
. . THOMAS HENRY MLLE PHIPPS, Chairmen.
The Slubevies left the Chafe the Theater of tie Mom;
were v him far calling the ,mad *a Ws
risk dsa tote Meads Dar.

IN

rARLIAME►NTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3.
The bait India Trade Regulation. the Cullom Regulation, the
Exchequer Ms, the Two Million Vote of Credit, and the Wool-
len Manufacturers' Penalty Sufpenlion Hills were ownndtted, sod
ordered to be reported.
The Property Doty Amendment,tbeAudtioneeriDetrAineod.
:utast, and the Id& Tea and Coffee Duty BW., were read a faxed
time. end ordered to be conwisittod.

tkeTchZoti;nMattatadtarere, and the Upon t'atlla
Ile, was and a third time and paged... Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDAY, AUGUST a.
We have been favoured with tome further particu•
lars of the important debate on Tnefday night :
Colonel Casuroan opened the debate with his
opinion that lines of intrenchment were necefrary for
the defence of the kingdom, and entered into a long
balmy of military tactics to enforce his argument ;
and was much furprifed Minilfers had not had re-
cowrie to fuch a great meafure of defence as the fir-
vices of the Heir Apparent would be, but which he
underflood they had declined. He appeared fully
maßere3f the ruble& fpoke with great animation, de-
nying that party had the (mallet influence upon his
conduft, and concluded with moving a Refolution,
which he afterwards withdrew to give way to Mr.
Fox's Addrefs to the King on the fubjed of a Military
Council.

The Sic's-rain' at WAR, in reply, combated moft
of the fentiments of the Colonel; admitted, however,
in general, a Council of War to be an advifabls mca-
fure, but in the prefent intiance it was a dired attack
upon the management of the army, as direded by the
Duke of Yost k. _ _

Sir W. Etartrs denied in any infante the isle of
intrenchments, and maintained that they were never
ufed without lots to thole depending upon them.--
He laid he Ihould vote for the Council of War, but
&fired to have it underßood it was not this particu-
lar occafion that inclined him fo to do, but he had
always thought fuch an eflablithment was a necillary
one, and that it ought to be a permanent one.
Sir Flax cis Bu 'MITT Rated, that till the griavan-
ees of the People were lightened, unanimity could not
be expected.
Mr. BAILHAT4.--Sir, I pretend not to know much
of military matters, and will alliaredly not detain the
Houle from hearing tly.ife who are more qualified to
(peak on loch fobjeCts. Ido indeed think that the ef-
tablifhment of a Council of War would be of the ut-
moß importance under the prefent circumftances, and
without rue:tieing the lead difparagement to the il-
lufirious Perfon at the head of the army, I may add
my NIA perfuafion that fneh is the general fettle of
the public ; but what I chiefly rife to fpeak on is what
every man may be fuppoled equally competent to
judge upon ; I mean the extraordinary eircumitance
mentioned by the Hon. Officer, namely, that his Ma-
jelly's Minillers &mild have advifed him to decline
the Cervices of the Heir Apparent, for whole birth-
right, cdmblned with our own indepeadence, we have
ow: to contend. When I &II heard thi., I really had a
diniculty in believing the report ; not that I doubted
that that illußrions Perfonage would, as it became
him, demand his' roper Ration on the prefent occa-
fion. No, Sir, I knew that the natural gallantry of
his charatler, his love of the country, and the intenll
be has iu its defence. would not fact him to melt uti-
les he obtained his full fhare of the danger, and his
dye chance of the glory that mull follow., But, Sir,
I could not believe that any Minillers could be fo
blind to the advantages which the country might de-
rive From loch an example, as not to give the fundl
efed to the impulfe and animation it would give the
people, when they law that front none of the claw
gems which they had to encounter themfelwes, this
Heir Apparent would be exempt. And as lervanti
of the Crown and lovers of the Monarchy, I 4h4
think that they would rejoice in furnishing an eppist-
'unity to the Son of a beloved Sovereign to difliagoith
himfelf, as he is qualified to do, ai d to endear him-
fell to the People whom lie is one day to gneern....—
'This matter is In extraordinary that I thi,l Parrot-
men: it bound to demand lope account alit, aad if
Minitters fhould not be darned to give
loch account, I hope theie•are thofe'sts this Hoge
tonnelifid with hi, Royal Highnefs Who will, iQ ju
Lice to hirn,give.the fulled information upon tbefuts-
je.a ; for if the country is tu be deprived of the Cer-
vices wt rich that aludrious ?erfl.a inarresdets
is at kart but jußict to Site (and indeed of ,

:! •

alto to the tensity) that it lhould be known how the
raft Rands ; and that if it be thought fit, when all
slaffes and ranks of men are obeying the :Mice of their
country, to mark as unfit to have any (bare that per-
fon who has the greatc/1 Rake to defend it, all the
circumftances thould be in the poffelßon of the puhlic.
I know very well I (hall be told, this is a delicate fub-
jed, and that it is interfering with the prerogative,—
' Sir, I refpetl the prerogative as much as any man,
and feel all the delicacy that is due to the fubjea; but
that is undue refpcft to the prerogative, which would
forbid Parliament to exprefa an opinion upon what
may be of the higheft importance to the country; and
that is no true delicacy which would Rifle inquiry in..
to what will add to the honour of the party.
Mr. TYRWHITT,•.." Mr. Speaker, an illuttrions
" Perfonage. in whole family I have the honour to
" be placed, having been fo directly alluded to by
A, the Hon. Gentlemen who have preceded me, I can
"no longer be filent. The Prince, from the very
" commencement ofthe war has manifelled an anxious
with to be placed in any military fituation to which
" his Majefty might be pleafed to call, him, which
wi (hes have been made known to his Majefty's Mi-
" nitiers. I efieem it my duty, alto, Sir, here to
" declare (deprecating any imputation which might
" be thrown upon a eharader of fuch value to us all
" to preferve untbaded), that if the Cervices of the
" illuilrious Perfonage alluded to have been rejefted,
" I have proof the fault does not lay at the door of the
" Commander in Chief."
Mr. hisvet t us Baow N a (poke at confiderable length
and drew an animated pifture of what the people had
to exped from French liberty, and exhorted them to
thew the utmoll energy in fuch a cries.
Mr. Citerstam (a new Member) was particularly
complimentary to the Heir Apparent, Paid that he
had not the pleafure of being perfonally known to him,
but Paid that in the country to which he belonged,
(Wales) nothing would invigorate the inhabitants fo
much as the idea that they might, as in times cf old,
be headed by fuch an illuarious prince.
Mr. At 'KANDER (poke at Come length, and &one-
ly reprobated the dodrines of Sir Francis Burdett.
Mr. Fa am cis made a very eloquent fpeech,in which
he animadverted with great ftrength on the treatment
which his Royal Highnefs had received. His fpeech
made a deep impreflion on the Houfe.
Lord Ktesieoroe was decidedly for a Council of
War ; as was Sir R. Williams.
Mr. Fox rote, and in one of his molt brilliant
fpeeches, enforced the neceffity of a Council of War.
Mr. Fox was peculiarly animated upon the &Ned of
the Prince of Wales, and upon that of Ireland. His
fpeech made a deep impreffion upon the Houle, and
we molt exceedingly lament not to be able to detail
it to the public. " What can be the reafnn (laid he),
that you refufe the Cervices of the Heir Apparent ?
Is he too old ? Is he too young ? Did you make him
a Colonel twenty-two years ago by way of douceur ;
as a little pecuniary aid? Is he not known to be in
the very prior of life ; at the very period man is ca-
pable of the utmoft energy t 1 exped from Minifters
the reafon he is thus treated, and fo will the Coon.
try." He concluded with moving the following
Amendment :

_
Mut an Added' be preened to his Majelty, praying that be
would he gratioully pleated to appoint a Military Coendl. seal&
lag er deneral 011eas, and Each when as to his MOAT tall
fain ter tit peptic of giving their advice when called upon
by his Mikity refpe Ring the damn of the country, and of being
eonfoited °notionally, or hum day to day if neerfary, by the
Coonmender in Me, and Ina Majelty's Molitor*, upon that laa.
portant felted.
The Cuancast.oa of the Excitactsiza anfwcred
many of the arguments of Colonel Crauford, and in
regard to the Prince of Wales, he Lid. " No man is
more ready to bear attellation.to the feelings In
" worthy of the rank and charafter of the illutlrious
• Perfonage alluded to, than I am. Having made
• this declaration. I mull here paufe. and declare
w that nothing fhort of the commands of the King,
" and the united authority of this Houfe. (ball to
tt future ever compel me to fay one word more upoa.,

“ the lubjell.”
Mr. WINDHAM moll firongly enforced theiweefiity
of; Conned of War, and thought at all events the
Prince Mould Live p command, for which no man
was more fit.

General MAITLAND (poke againil the motion, and
maintained that there was already a Council of Will I
to all intents and purpofes now trilling. .
Mr. CALCRATT began by replying to Come part; of
General Maitland's Ipeech, re pelting theiCouncil of
War, and flated, that the nomination of it was to be
in the Executive Government. who had it in their
power to felea many eminent officers naval and mi-
litary, now unemployed, and who, in his opinion, it
would be unpardonable to leave nneonfulted in the
prefent Rate of affairs. No difrefpea, he meant, v.
the Commander in Chief who could not be in Conn-.
cil and the Field it the fame tint. The Right Ho-
nourable Geed:man (Mr. Addington) had relied
his objellion to the propofal, principally upon a want
of precedent, which did not in bib mind fignify. The
criln was without precedent. and our madams to
meet it had been, and mull be fo, and he liked them
the better for it, as they were moll congenial to the
occafion. It had been Paid, retrofpeaion was stiles ;
he could not, however, forbear from it, in a quellion
which involved the defence of the country. And, it
did appear to him, that thole which hid been taken
for the defence had inverted the true and rational or-
der of proceeding; the lab fhould have been Bal. and
the grand arming of this country; of which all ap.
proved, would have laid the bell foundation for thole
others that had taken place for the .Supplementary
Militia and the Army of Referee. But what be aloe
complained of was a repetition of what he had for-
merly Rated, that we bad neglefted the leading lea
lure in our defence, the line g no efficient rreafurcs
had been taken for recruiting it as line; on the con
trary, by the mode we had adopted. as recommend-
ed by his Majeay's Mitrillers, we had turned the line
IntO fcnc:bles.

After (eying a good deal upon there topics. he ad.
verted to thole whicTi had induced him to perlin in
offering hinsfelf toil* Speaker's notice, which he
Ikonld have continued to do even if the Hoak had
been ninth later. He meant that part tithe difolf
lion which alluded to the Prince of Wales; nor was
he at all &tidied with what the Mininer had at la*
deigroed to fay upon that cubic& for it was left in a
liasp of uncertainty and doubt highly unbecominr,
istr ryes the emil anfwa' to the application which did
thatillußridgis tharafier fp mach honour, had not
been 'Rat go tilt Hook. As Honourable Gentle..
Pelf (Mg* Ditisio). The bed treated this fohjsa
'••' • ' • "

I

1~

in a moll extraordinary manner, had been pleafed to
fay, Miniaers are refponfible, for the advice they
give the Crown, and in the next Seffions they will ac-
count for what they have advifed this SelLons of Par.
liament ; laid Mr. C. do Gentlemen confider what
may intervene Is it not the opinion of many, that
the Crown may be fought for upon En.gliih around
before that period ?—and, is it decent, wit #tong, is
it (hewing that fincere attachment to tbe Monarchy.
that the Prince of Wales (hould remain during fuck
an interval, without a fuitahle pal affigned im to
(hare in the conteft, and participate in ale triumph.
Ithe very dangers of which mud endear him to is
'countrymen, who are one day to be his fullees.--v
Is this advice to give the Monarch But, 'Ethers
are reafons of Rate which his narrow view could not
penetrate, which it could not imagine or antlei:sate,
it is at leaa fitting the offer, in manner cud detail,
fhould be known to the Country—and, I mould have
thought the Miniaer, if he had felt all the linccvlif
he profellis, would have had a loyal fatisfaiftion
dilating upon the (tate& and detailing it to the Houk(
—The Prince of Wales has been a Colonel in the
Army from the year tyBa. His brother is a Field
Maraud and Commander in Chic& Three- younger
brothers Lieutenant• Generals, tlind you leave the
heir apparent to the monarchy to fight for that crown
which he one day is to wear, as a solonel of a Regi-
ment, under the command of a Major General, his
-own Equerry., The Honourable Qentleman con-
cluded by puffing a handlonie eulogium upon the
Prince of Wales. expreffing the highaß teepee for his
charafter Its every confideration.
Mr. Surrn (of Norwieh) paid very handfoose
compliments to the Prince and was convinced his
being employed was p msti*rc of defence expeded
by the Country.
Mr. Susairam (aid a few words, als did Colonels
HUTCHINSON and WOO% Who fu !spotted ibe necefity
of a Military Council.—After tins the Hoofe divided
Ayes for Mr. Fox's motion, 311,chtops,
LIST OF TN/ SIIIIOSITY.
Adair, Rabet • Hark Robert
lards'', George Hateilefos, Hem O.
Bartsch jortplk robe =m, Osage
Calzraft, John is, Ler&
Clia2man, Marks Lararame, Read
Cam' e,Harvey
Dent, Join Meeesobenvii=
Demi.'
Disco. Ham Avg. North,
Mord. Sir Wm. Pbirtw. -Alm lldinned
Elliott, WiOiata hammy, sir waa his.
Erldne. Air Wra. Dawn Se Jobe. Hem St. A.
Faildteme. Vilma* 'ban. George
p=l44lll3mdes kaki. Wm. (Nervieb)
eL arta IL*
Saie.ilimm awls. ' Tbasmil
Irreach. MIS .
Gower, Lord 0. a.. Or R. Nut
Mies, Daniel . 114. Hem W.
Pludiget Was. Lego 144. *dr
J• Os

rasicas.
. Ite 4. SOO*

HOUSE Olr COMMONS, 1/ZIAIIIIDAT, ALTO.*
Ilissineess pbdpied Psdeissi lises As A* Oesiers 4
Yaressseb wile& the Denis& Ligkeheek SULe.Ohlwei tie lie
es As 'MA&
Mr. lassos owed ebs Order et do Der At ~Ns issis•
{ea doe Lot* esses.seses is es ANN Pan //A
lisalsiessassm props/84 doe ssildeesdaa dAY IS
be pollpesed dl Ms &eyeless sponebe. se seisms of fins of Ai
ameimbeente et the Ike& if fog* OfdrOng igen As pri4.o
of dee Ommessiss

4 ce•vailelp Met place emeh the meths ef goligsaimit
sad It was at lowidi reforeed,theh miesdiamts be eow title but
esedidattioh The Ammdoesem irMot amerdhey nod evey,
A
med
Mto.
A eese hem the Lads Whemed the Ifeethtbat fhek Lot.
Odra had aced to the Pm* ladle Odra' Ift/h mid the COLS bhp
aufatterers
Lord Stemma Wormed the Her* Am he hot waked es hit
Makfty with the Adam* tamed es 1id,411 joh, sad abag hM
P•lajefty hadibreo lohnidh amordil gy.
The Army of Rds, Ainoodrotot 114 aced the Sem& Arai
of Referee were reed a Mini tiffe awl mad.
Tao Amebas Adionatatt was read • howl ti c, ee4 et•
deem tope estamissal te-rnerrow. *

GEM URAL DIIIPIIICR atm.
The SICIIITMLY at Wall moved for leave tq brit/
in a Bill, for the purpok of inveßing his *jell
with powers to amend Come parts of the lad AA foe
the *amend Defence of the Kingdom. The late bill,
he fad, only empowered his Majeßy to (oilseed its
execution in pardhes where the number of voluntary
ofirs amounted to three fourths of the number pf
inhabitants who would be lial le by the Ad. It was
propofed by the precut Bill to leave it at the pleafure
of his Majelly td fafpeod the execution of the 4it
to the number of lirolunteir Corps, • at any time Jae
might think .proper.—adly, To 'wind potions who
were under the peceffity•of changing their refidcnce,
from the ftriltesecutina of the A&—jelly, To PlT-
vent Rrangers pot belonging to great Britain from
being liable to ferve.—sthly; To prevent perfons
who can thew proof of their being neeetrartly ab•
lent from England for a limited time, from being
liable to the penalties. And Wilk, to dOoltle IV/
number of Non commielosed Oikers meltioued to
the late AB —Leave was given tq bring la the Bill.
The Secretary at War accordingly kreught it tip 1 it
we, read a fira and fecoad thee, sq 4 ordvredlo
committed mumorrow.
Mr AT Mat? OS SUM. Med hosiek ler 1118
oh pewees the kwese rod taimigthilikahrlie
Presallarr Nab. caner Oda, dat. Pk *mak Oa Whet
des of swags Dille hod Imety isenehd hie • degillew te he
nark a drawl of scriber is foreign senselee, sod 2&:411,
deoldier, bed et beesweerned, shish twidered hilt •
*1 OM be pespefed erfeltedy enearry. Lem was
ima gleollird
he as iiiyot up, read • Ara and fined"Oh did •
be aunwilevid towerneitt
The Lose MAYO* of Landes weed At bin ht haw W a
1111 to wapeerer by hliojellye Cestaiihenore and he Olen el
if the Cky of tends. SO wry hiseiteorthe the AR
lead lee the Scaufky of he Scala Leave Mask" sad
the brought up, whit was reed aht and (egad doh end
grand tale eawnitted se weerovr.
Mr.•VasssTTAsr awned, dot dm Wareheslleg ltd Is s.
tenamitten tei • Gammen of the whole Hate; which tam me-
corniegly dime; and the germ was ordered to be sweind
°T
-he Leon of the Comminee en the Intl theigetles Mb was
Wee& up. The Plefehaisee wore read ova, and agreed tr.
Os the modes for gang Iwo a Ceenteineese the Prise Care
Bit Mr. Jens rre tee mead It be an initialise to the ems.
nettle m stabs melees far hensaleg the hinnies of Ns Pow
Nohow la Allah Cadet
The seethe Wes, afar tome from Sit VI as.lloorr,
sehdred t mad the Houk then etdieed itfelf int•
who kneed chafe and amendment, were page id
The Comedttre laving gone through the O. the ankwas
was esleted a reran tomorrow.
had the third thee the stipendlwy Curates' t middle WSW
of °ranee Annuity IIS ; pelted, and tottered • the Lade •
R (potted the steed! Malt Duty Collehles DflOwd de AM
Bid Order d t br cagroffel, and nerd a third Were teratiww.
Medved iris a Censaltme upon the Tani Pew Fist NIL he
Neerkenellard Miry sin, the WI fee allewleg
esnete sees set se the Cenfrodeted Dodos t tribe IllehhaS
cagatutime oat *Who Ahead Tea and th. age/16
(dell Tee aill ; w report toessersw. •

■

T
~...

uer, bad been pleated to
ble, for the advice they
next SeMons they will at.
[sired this SelGons of Par.
kntlemen coafider what
he opinion of many, that
For upon Englith ground
s it decent, is.it Wein, is
chment to the Monarchy,
:odd remain during fuck
able poft atAgned 4ini to
articipate in the triumph,
mutt endear him to his
slay to be his tube ls.—r
Mararch 1 But, if time
his narrow view could age
not imagine or antlei:iato,
ter, in manner god detail.
entry—and, I mould have
e had felt all the fincerit,
had a loyal fatisfaftion
id detailing it to the Hordel
as been a Colonel in the
a. Hid brother is a Field
in Chic& Three ',onager
sals, find you leave the
tby to fight for that crown
ar, as e eolonel of a Ree-
d of a Major General, his
notwable Qentlemen con-
Wane eulogium Upon the
g the highalt raped for his.
enstioa.
risb) paid very luindfosise
et, sad was convinced his
ihrc of defence expelted

'ew words, Is did Colonels
Who fupported ibe sweaty
Lfter this the Roes divided
motion, 384140 P? Os.
I. aturourr.
Hortt. Robert
Haddoks, Heat,.

, basis
LamFLeta
reed
Macaace, jobs
Mardi ;Vilma
Meta, Dila,
Rapp'. Has. Fans(
Pahang. Sir War. Hex.
St pls, Ha. Se A.
Gears
Smith. Wm. (Merida)
=Lard Meter;
TWIN,
ilreicriai.
Sir R. fart.
Nlbd . ltt. H. W.
Wail. WI

R. ii• a. 410.
.-...--

11, WEDNESDAT. Apo. s.
Palliser ken Ow lilde Ovaries of
▪ Lisbrbaskt 118.0.4rdwad or gs
rift af bile pelves, wide/ kw wor
ow is lie Brad Pore sm.
tbar sime ossildworiss ng cell;
e mond" es soma et firm et die
kink Oldie* less des pdvlliime
wrap die ma* or evateetmos
&de anamkesats be sow taboo km
eau weresseardeidy - semi".
littorsied dr Hsettkibeelldie Lee.
oda Satire 212; Ike Cow. /deo
the Heap. that he ba4 waling se bb
dela on ti,rdiy bit, and test bie
actordit s y.
lesitintrin ad, Mil des kaiak Army
teed dos aad peed.
1101 was read • beervl dial 04 0'
ETON%
DIftIICZ
Was moved fot leave to brine
win of invefting his *jelly
folne parts of the lad As foe
the Kingdom. The late bill,
red his Majefty to fufpend its
here the number of voluntary
ree fourths of the number Of
be liable by the Aft. It was
e Bill to leave it at the pleafurs
aid the execution of the 4a as
unteir Corps,' at any time
_he
.adly, To piard parkas who
'
;y of changing their refidence,
in of the ita.-3dly, To pre.
• ng Pot Britain frosts
—ftnly, To Prevent perform
of their being neceftirily ab-
nr a Naked time, from being
s. And la RIY, Co double tip!
ligotied 011sers Itieltiotied to
was given tq bring is the Bill.
r accordingly brought it ppr it
'econd dmo, told ordered .4 ko
r.
it meta far laaveal isiabedildit
o=lll
il e kedilidat ad .
eta isersdad se task • daseesae so ba
et
Is Orden ostestaka, sad tbv."o
nod, abide reidand kik Ilmessi
slip sir'' Loan um ewes._ rid
a Gra and faxed dirk NM ormil*
Lends@ alowed Ow leers sa Wise I•
bee comesdlissire wed dee Cosa at
oofas to SAM osocadon ebe AR
of [be 'litailist. Lowe wee Om. mil
two rood •it red lewd ion see
med. test rbo Warabssiej 111 he ye'
e sf ebe oriole Hoak e wed vas a-
Report woe ordered to be fleshrog
tr
rakes en the Idth Nwriersikw Arla war
loos were rood over, and weed ea
▪ he. a cesmenwess me Pdre Ceske
mewed la be as Inersdies to tee Car
br fuattus des demise of dee Pew
hose airkeiros frost Sr Wra.lowri,
thee Irkit bre . .
mesdames was
/ pee dim* alb *S ateites
narrow.
reftwerdkry Cwstss Mt addle Dew'
; paired, and adored se the Lade '
lak Duty carafes 111/Ased the *lke
lei, sad road a third dam toratiftwa.
use ths Tweak Pao Plet 11 des
▪ the 11111 the eleedes he Mk
onAroltdata Dudes; order 0•41115
lkired Tea la. tko &NO

LONDON.

tfIORSDAY. AUGUSt 1.
PRICE OF STOCKS riffs DAY AT ONE 0 CLOCK
3 per Can. Rachtscrl.s34 544 531-3 Fa Cm. Confab. 5.111 n
Oninni"l
_ _

The Bank have agreed to make the four neat Payments on
°madam, and to be redeemed on the 19th of Deeembet.

PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY :
Bank Stock, tool Long Ann. Oft
3 Pcr C. Rtd• 331 541 53i I Imp. 3 per Cent. 5111
3 per C. ConL 5411 Imp. Ann. 91
4 per Cent. / Omniom 71 71 St
5 per Cent. ty Set 83} F.ngli& Tickets 17L so
spa C.Ann.s7so7, 881 yi Conf. for acc. 53 /if

Lait night the Ssoitsrsay at Wait introduced.*
Bill for amending the Levy ea Ms Bill. Thoobjeß
of it is to enable his Kg ssry to furpend the cum.
tion of it at his difcretion.

Yeßerday, about a quarter before one o'clock, his
MAJESTY arrived at St. James's, from Kew, and held
a Levee, which was attended by the CnAPICILLOIt of
the EXCISE/SS/tit, the SECRETARIES of STATE, their
Excellencies the Portugnefe, Imperial, Bavarian,
Spanifh, Ruffian, and Prufflan Minillers, and the
following Noblemen and Gentlemen :
Dukes-.Roxburgh, Manion& and Norfolk.
Martioltres-.4sitikury and Circello
larb-e.Harringtoo. Chatham. Outlaw, Wearnoreland, Sand.

*deb, Uxbtidic7Fortmo re, Romney, Caioden,Grolvenor, Win-
ehetiaVind Darnley.
Viftwentss—Falmouth and Cafilereagb.
Lords—sWhitwatk, C. Manners Harting. Stopford, (Mao.
led, Sands. Bolton, W. Rotel. Hobart, Martham, Wallingham.
mad Orandey.
NrisioC. illaoM H. Neal, S. Watham. O. Pant, J. Dewberry,
Freda**, E. Ksuodthull, F. Maly:tan, M. Fleming, S. Cot-
ter'', R. Gams, T. Metcalfe, W. Elford. W. Heatheote, T.
*Wye, W. Dundee, W. Curds, and M. Blosam.
OesteralsrWysrard, Word. Lellle, Daubs, and Phipps.
Salooeb—Chefter, FJf.ed, Rokinfon, Stanley, Harries, Ma-
gill'', and Grevine.
• Captaise—Legge, Elliott, &Leger, Boyde. and Simpfoo.
Mars.—Villiers, P. Langmead. Merry, Howard, T. poet,
Shute, P. Kenfingtoo, Baker, Wedeln, Bing, Thardefwell, Cod-
drington, Maids, Agab, Dundee, Egerton, Wilberforce, Cram,
Fidler, Cameron, Farquhar, R. Thornton, Yenfittart, Kick,
Adams, Hanna, M. Pitt, H. Broom, Bead, York, Tierney.
W. Elliot, Brown, Pettywell, Mainers:in', Peppael, Choinsoo-
deky, Pocock, and Lakelles.
The Portuguefe Ambafrador prefented to his Ma.
JIISTY Barons CHARLES and LOUIS D'ARmiss.
The following Addrefles were prefented to his
MAJESTY :
From Plymmth,by Sir W. Harms and P. LAHOMEAD Efq.;
from Cansbridgehire, by Lord C. S. M * and tee Hon.
Mr. Watts; from Ayielbetry, by Mr. Dosage; Middiefint, by
the Merles of Leedom and Mr. BTITO; (anterbury, by Metro
Beau and WATSON; Kent, by.the Earl of Rom oar sod Sir E.
XNATE LLLLL ; Tcwkmory.by Medts. Coast d MAR-
TIN County of York, by Mr. Wit aaaaaa cc and Mr. LAO.
cause; Maidftene, Kent, by Sir M B Winebener.
by Sir R. OASION; Sara, by Mars. COOMLALL tad FOIJ.U.;
Tbaford Norfolk).( by T. Caesar, Efq.
The Levee was over about half after two o'clock;
after which his MAJISTY held a Council, which was
attended by the Earls of Werrstolaiamn and CHAT-
HAM. the Cnaacauma of the EZC actuaa, Vifcount
ISTOTTORDi and Lord HODART. His blajerrY then
gave private audiences to the CHANCELLOR of the
iitcnanysa, the Earl of CPATVAIII and irifcount
STorroas.
His MAisrry left St. James's about half palt fire
for sew.

The Tea' define° of Canterbury are forming them.
fibres into a rifreeepr.
Workmen are arrived at Harwich for the pupae
of smiling Barracks, which are to contain :100 men.
- Thwacks are alfo to be ended at Tendring, Thorp,
and all along the Ea: coon.
A nightly patrols is now eilablifhed, with (entries,
all along the =OIL from Walter to St. Ofyth.
Temporary finds, in the manner era butted camp,
are ordered between Lewes and Brighton, for the
reception of 000 men and goo holes, in addition to
the barracks at the above places.
The Dues of Norrii trust erpence during
this war, will be confiderably more than any of his
Majerries fubjeas, as he means to cloath and pay
too* men, railed among his own tenantry for the
pmteßion of the country. We hope to hear the Duke
of NtAFOLR' and all our other Noblemen will follow
the laudable example.
Earl FITZWILLIAM has railed two Troops of Yeo-
manry Cavalry, in the city and neighbourhood of
Peterborough, to be under his Lordfhip's. command;
and has alfo placed the turn of pool. againft his name
at the head of the fubfcription for the purpofe of
ellablifhing the corps.
The Duke of Kear is to command the Ealing Vo-
lunteers, of the difcipline of which Lord Mouot-
noteis has taken the charge. The corps will confift
' of tOOO men.
A meeting of the inhabitants of Burton upon-
Trent, was held on Monday fe'nnight, when a fub-
fcription of near wool. was entered into, for the
purpofe of suiting a Volunteer Corps to ferve in any
part of Great Britain in cafe of *Rua invaGon and
upwards of 200 men were enrolled.
The order for the march of troops to Ireland has
been countermanded. This is fulficient to Phew that,
as far as refpeOs the opinion of Miniflers, day are fa-
tisfied of the tranquility of that country.
Letters from Cork of the 27th gate, that no at-
tempt had been made to dillurb the South of Ireland.
The account of the events in Dublin, of the aid, had
been received at Cork, and bad excited univerfal in-
dignation ogaioa the Rebels.
?ARUN ASSOCIATIONS.As the want of Ground
to eremite in fetus& to be a general complaint, it may
ma be improper to obferve, that there are a few acres
now lying wane, at the back of Charlotte meet.
Blackfriars-road, capable of containing 2,000 men at
a time ; the Patriotic Lied of the Manor would no
doubt grant the rife of it gratis, for foch a laudable
porpok. The expense of paling would be but trivial.
at being chiefly fenced by houfes.
Csry Busturss.—An efpecial Court of Common
Council was funtmosed yellerday (at a few hours
notice, which was numerougy attended, confidering
the sort time the fummonfes were delivered) to con.
rider of applying to the Honk of Commons for leave
to bring in a Bill to extend more fully the City's
powers of an Aft paged this Seffions for the Defence
and Security of there Realms, which was unanimonfly
agreed to, and the City's Re tatives were &-
fired to move for leave in the of Commons to
bring in a Bill accordingly, and the Court bloke gp
at three o'clock.
