LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 14.

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

Since writing the latter part of the subsequent com-
ments on Algiers, we received, by express, the Moniteur
of Monday, with Le Globe, and L' Universe! of the
same date. The Monitcur has the following:—

TLLEORAPHIC DESPATCH.
" TOULON, JULY 9, Half-past 12 &Clock.
" ADMIRAL DUPERRE TO THE MINISTER OF MARINE.

" Before Algiers, July 3.

" I assembled yesterday the fleet, before Algiers.
The day before, Admiral ROSA MEL, on a diversion,
made a false attack on the batteries of the Marine and
Mole ; as likewise on those placed on the sea shore. I
renewed the attack this day ; and the whole army fought
under the continual fire of the enemies artillery."

" Before Algiers, July 6.

" The army of the KING has triumphed—and the
fate of Algiers is decided ! Since yesterday the KING'S
flag is flying on all the forte, and over the palace of the
DEY."

From Le Globe.

Another telegraphic despatch received this day—
Monday—states that on the 3d the heavy cannonade
and bombardment of Algiers took place, by sea and
land, which lasted the whole day, with most terrible
execution on both sides. Algiers did not capitulate
until a breach was made. General Boy RBIONT has not
only been instantly made MARSHALL Of FRANCE,
but likewise Dux Eof ALGIERS. To-morrow, the
Electors of Paris are to assemble in their different Col-
leges, for the formation of a bureau, definitively to
name the Deputies.

A rumour, or piece of intelligence—as we believe we
might almost venture to term it, from the high source to
which we are indebted for it—has come to our hands this
morning ; which, if true, will explain whathas, to us, almost
appeared inexplicable, the apathy with which this country
and the other European Powers, have allowed the
French Expedition to Algiers, to accomplish its object,
without any apparent display of opposition or jealousy.

We are informed—and our information is derived from
one who holds a most pre-eminent place in the circles of
French politics—that by an agreement, or treaty, entered
into between France, Great Britain, and Russia, it was
arranged that Algiers is to be an independent free port,
or small State—analagous to what the Hanse-towns
formerly were—its independence to be under the guaran-
tee of England, France, and Russia.
We think it not improbable that the execution of some
such plan, may have been the cause of the apparent
tacit acquiescence of Britain, to the great transaction which
has just occurred ; but we cannot avoid recurring to the
apprehensions we have taken occasion so frequently to
mention—and we believe we may claim to ourselves the
merit of first calling the public attention to the political
hazards or probable consequences of the French Expedi-
tion—that the present position of parties in France, will
weigh most materially as to the probabilities of such
an agreement, as is now mentioned, being carried into
execution: We believe the time has come, when the
present French Administration, must either consent to
,receive a portion of liberal alloy—or turn out. The only
other possible, contingency is, that the Kim; gal-
lantly determines to keep them in, without possessing
thafinfluence in the representative body, which can alone
cedglWreal power on the executive ; and then his gallantry
may probably prove greater thin his prudence, and the loss
lof his Crown be its result. We sincerely hope such a
state of Araks may' be averted, by the predominanceyet
id his councils, of more wisdom and more of the spirit of
libernlity.aml. conciliation than- has yet, unfortunately,
',been • inhibited. Probably before this,,paper goes to
.iireas, we may receive intelligence from France of., the
result of the French Elections, and the further particulars
I •

~.-_ - _.

111

CITY,

-

of the capture of Algiers, as such intelligence is hourly
eicpected; and we shall therefore drop our conjectures on
these subjects for the present.

, The speech of Mr. BROUGHAM last night on West.
India Slavery, we hope will be perused with attention
throughout the country at the present juncture ; for we
agree with Sir F. BURDETT in his reply to Mr. MAN-
NING, that the approach of an election is the most proper
time to discuss this subject—and, we will add—
every subject which is vitally interesting to British
character or British interests. Mr. MANNING, in
some of the morning papers, is said to have used the
peculiarly naive expression, that it was very incon-
'icnient to be questioned at elections ; and whether
such expression be correctly reported or not, the
public may take it for granted, that many Honour-
able Gentlemen (I() find—and, we trust, will find—the
practice of questioning them on their past conduct very
inconvenient : but that the inconvenience is felt, we hope
will form a further inducement to persevere in the prac-
I tire. We observe, by a document in the Morning
Chronicle, that some highly respectable and wealthy in-
habitants of Bristol, have set an example on the subject
of the West India slavery question, which might be fol-
lowed with propriety both in that and other questions.
The presen4declarationlis excellent ;;but we think the pre-
fixed Address goes too far, when it purposes to make the
test of obtaining suffrages, merely the abstract question of
being a " Slave trader or West India merchant." We have
known slave holders and West India Merchants (we con-
fess they are rather scarce) most sincerely attached to
the abolition of slavery ; and are sure their own interests,
if well understood, would make many proselytes from
those classes.

On the question itself we have before given our
opinion. The argument that the bad present treatment
of slaves in the West Indies is proved by their
not keeping up their number according to the law of
nature, which Mr. BROUGHAM so ably illustrated,
is we consider quite unanswerable. When human beings
are fairly treated, they will, it is well known, increase
and multiply ; and where they do not increase and mul-
tiply, they must be labouring under the effect of some
artificial evils. Surely the cogency of this reasoning
requires no adventitious support—it is almost a self-evi-
dent proposition.
We conceive, however, that the situation of the owners
of West Indian property—in case it could be proved
that any evil arose from a sudden change of legislation
—is, properly, a subject of consideration. On the whole
we are pleased with what, judging by the Reports, were
the declarations of Sir ROBERT PEEL. We believe the
present Administration have the cause at heart;
and we look with confidence to their conduct,
in the next Parliament. Those who would wish to
understand the real interests of the West India Plaster,
should peruse with attention a work entitled, "On
the Mitigation of Slavery," by our late friend, Dr.
DICKSON—a Gentleman well informed and enthusiastic
in this cause—one who laboured early with CLARKSON
in the great measure of abolition, and was, we believe, a
valuable coadjdtor. The work we mention contains an
account of a curious and successful experiment of gradual
manumission, made many years ago by a Mr. STEELE,
in Barbadoes ; and many other interesting facts, col-
lected with vast industry from a viriety of sources.—We
recommend this work to the perusal of our readers.

The treaty of friendship and commerce, between Turkey
and tho United States of America, was finally concluded
at Constantinople, on the 30th May. Commodore B DDLE,
and Messrs. OFFLEY and Ru YND, were the agents on
the part of America.

By accounts received this day from Paris, we find that
the insurrections in Albania have assumed a most serious
aspect. The f►rst causes of sedition seems to have been
that the Albanian troops, who served with the Turks
against the Russians, have returned to their country,
and demanded but without successs the pay due
to them from their chiefs. The result' has been that
anarchy reigns in every part of the country ; the power
of the SULTAN is everywhere despised; and the Alba-
nian militia are given up to every kind of excess. In
several towns, the inhabitants who profess the Greek re-
ligion, as well as the Jews, have been plundered by the
insurgents; and these spoliation have given, in some
instances, a religious character to the revolt.
From Greece the revolt will receive auxiliaries. The
coasts of Corinth, and the population of the several
islands in the Archipelago, are colonies from Albania;
and if the insurrection be in want of experienced chiefs,
these can be procured from Greece. It is said that in-
dividuals, charged to give a legal and regular character
to the revolt, have left Napoli and Hydra ; and that
these will ensure the success of it. The latest news
even states, that the Greek Government had assembled, at
Argos, two legions of 10,000 men, destined to protect,
a Albania, the people of their religion oppressed by the
iPorte.

We have a report of two expresses from Paris this
morning, which no doubt bring the result of the Paris
election, which took place on Monday ; also the details
of the events at Algiers; but as yet nothing official has
transpired. Console opened at the same price they left
off yesterday, 931 for the account. At present the mar-
ket is not so good, and they are 93i 1 ; for next account
941. In the Foreign Market nothing doing. No mails
or ship letters have arrived.
LIVZRPOOL, JULY 12..—Since the determination of
Government has been mide known, relative to the altera-
tion of the Sugar duties, the demand has revived, and
sales have been made in British Plantation Sugar to the
extent of 1,000 hbds. chieffy Barbadoes and Antigua.—
The Cotton Market has again been very animated. There
has been a, tolerably fair demand for Pine Timber during
the week. The old stocks are mostly run off. -
CI?'?, HALF.PAST ONE.
Consols' have advanced to 941 owing to the French
3 per Cents. coming higher 79-40. The Moniteur of
Monday does not. contain a detailed account of the taking
lof Algiers. Nothing doing in the Foreign Merket:
