FROM PRUSSIA, Orr. SS.

For some dew the neon various opinions prevailed here respect.
ing the Treaty of Adrianople& According to some, the terms were
very hard upon the Poste: while others said that they showed the
extreme moderation on the pan of Rawls. Nobody recollected
that both might be tree. Now that the Treaty b hewn from
sulklently authentic statements, it is generally agreed in the higher
circles that the Emperor of Russia has acted with generate mode-
radon; and has granted to the vanquished enemy terms which, in
Me situation, may be called extremely reasonable. Bet the great
body of the public pretty plainly declare that the Emperor might,
and should, have demanded mere. The stipulations respecting
womiavia and Walachia. respeashop Sonia and Greece, which woad
certainly seem intolerable to a government We them of modern
Europe, do sot strike the Porte as each k b accustomed to euer-

cite over may of ice provinces a limked. precarious, and eves
manly apparent authority, as for imams over Egypt. With re-
spect to the above provisoes the ease is the same : their actual
situation is is fact, such ask is now, only declared sad aimed.—
Tb same maybe said of the commercial relations; the extent of
the privileges which Reeds Ms stipulated for its /objects I.
Terkel, is mot to be estimated by our European standard, but by
that which the Porte has always had for such relations ; from
habitual negligeoce it Ms ism since conceded to all nations
privikates is commercial matters unheard ammo us ; the blame-
less object of the Ragas stipuktioos is to and escort, in favour
et Russia, them costomary cestasioas. Ibe indemnity for the
swims of the war may sewn peas; but the sumo which Russia
has espeoded es the war, doubtless, amount to thrice the sinus.
Why did she Porte canes the war. which Russia did all it could to
avoid? Why has it not tarried on that war with more skill? Why
sulks defeats to be added to the injustice sod breach of faith of
which it has been pay? The Emperor of Ronk. cm the other
hued, has on his side right and victory—whet tusked as irresistible
argument. We should Ike to ask okay over-ardsot politicians on
the Skins and the Thames. Gm What terms of peace would you
horn considered as just and reasonable. if the armies of the Solna
had In this war,witich was indisputably unjust on his eide, advanced
to the vicioity:of Moscow ; and the Brand Vida had dictated the
terms of paw is Kakis for imams r

The Oita m Journal of the 14th Oct. says, at length the ez-
pectations of the magistrates, and the hopes of the inhabitants, are
realised. On &today. the 11th. the sanitary cordon wu broken
up, and the free communication with the interior of the empire
completely restored. Mille service wu first performed
in the cathedral. After mass, the hymn * profindis was
chanoted for the repose of the souls of those who have
died of the plague. In the evening the town wu illuminated,
and an opera performed ds the theatre. It was delightful to see
aW acqsaintaaces come together after so low a separation, as if
they had been on a journey. Nothing new bas occurred in the
amp; the purificados will be completed to-day; and to-marrow
begins the observation fee fourteen days, to which the troops will
be subjected. From the 10th to the 15th of October, twenty.
seven ships have arrived here ; seventeen from Constantinople, and
ten from the Turkish ports, occupied by our troops.

In the Journal du Ciiinterce of Tuesday we find
another of its useful elucidations of the state of Spanish
finances, in a sort of running commentary on an official
document issued at Madrid on the subject of the reeks
perpetuelles,—that precious fraud concocted in Paris in
the name of the Royal bankrupt.—Times.
Cl nr. TWiLIIS O'CLOLIC.

Consols, which left ofFBatenlay at 9111 I for the Account, npened
at the same price this mining; slaw which they have been door
at 911 sad 9I buyers for Money. At present there is but little
doing•

the Lord Mayor's Show engrosses most of the attention of our
citlaear *Ma atondas
la the Foreip Market Greek Stock has imptoved; Brazil a
shads better ; Spud& Stock also.

CITY, HALF-PAST ONE.

This day being a holiday at the Beak, no money ennui:dens
have taken place ; and the business doing in the Canal Market Me
net been of a great extent. Console. in the course of the monolog.
reached 91 for the Account; and up to the present time they ap.
pear very firm at 91 l buyers for the Account, and for s January
Account they may be quoted at !Mi.
There has been some bustle in the Foreign Market, particularly
in the Greek Bonds, chick have got up per Cant. owing to the
new Loan for Greece en the NOP at Paris. Mexican Bonds have
also improved. an account of the report of the destruction of the
Spanish Expedition at Tampico. Portuguese Bonds are also bet-
ter; and Spanish are looking up.
mmemaimmemdmmolm
The private letters from Paris, received by the ex-
press this morning state, that the Emperor of Russia has
authorised the Greek Government to negociate a loan at
Paris of 15 millions of francs, about six hundred thou-
sand pounds sterling, and it is said that Russia will place
part of the Turkish contributions as a security for the
payment of the above loan.
The Buenos Ayres letters by the mail this day, are of
the 25th August. Negociations have been for some
time past going forward between the two parties, and-she
British packet was detained, expecting to take to Eng-
land the result of the arrangements. Buenos Ayres his
made peace with the province of Santa Fe, and General
Peet remains at Cordeva.
It appears by accounts from Lisbon, that they are
making there positive speculations of the day when Don
Miguel is to be crowned, which is said will take place
on the day of his marriage with the young Princess of

Naples. -
A convention has been entered into, and ratified, be-
tween France and Prussia, for to regulate the limits of
the two respective States.
Two packets have arrived from New York, by which
we have received the following papers, through the New
South American Coffee-house. •
The Cincinnati paper of the 3d Oct. announces the
receipt of a letter dated Sebeno, 7th Sept. stating the
total defeat of the Spaniards, with the loss of their
baggage, cannon, and money. A few only escaped so
sea, the remainder were slain. This intelligence is six
days later than the news received by the Matilda.
DEM ERA RA SEPT. 2.--" A most horrible report of a
singularly shocking occurrence is at present in circulation
here. About four months ago, a Dutch sloop-of-war,
which was cruising off the Island of Saba, fell in with a
ship the crew of which could not give any account of her
destination ; and having no papers to show, she was
taken possession of by the Dutchman. Shortly after a
schooner, strongly armed and manned, made her appear-
ance, and claimed the prize of the Dutchman. She pro-
fessed to be a Buenos Ayres privateer. The Dutchman,
doubting her papers, took possession of her as a pirate.
The prizes were taken to Surinam, owing to her having
a slavery cargo on board, and proceeding to Africa. On
the ship being condemned the crew were missing, and the
cargo consisted of a considerable quantity of pork in
hogsheads. These were publicly sold ; and when opened
by the purchasers, were found to contain, cut up into
pieces, and salted amongst the pork, human carcases—
on many parts of which were distinctly traced the pieces
of tattooing with which seamen often mark their bodies.
The Authorities, on learning these horrid details, took
every precaution to prevent them from being made public."
We learn that the Congress of Mexico have conferred
upon the President of the Republic extraordinary powers,
equal to those exercised by the Dictator of the Roman
Republic. Mr. Poiusett, the American Minister, will
leave here shortly for America.
The Quebec papers, to the 9th Oct. state, our
Markets continue high. Flour, pork, and beef, are par-
ticularly so. The price of flour has been affected by the
unfavourable weather, which extended generally through
the province. This month has, however, been fine. and
admitted the late grain to be all secured in good condi-
tion. The preparations made for export of wheat, and
the drought in Upper Canada, have also helped to support
the advance. The timber market has remained nearly at
the highest price ; and it suddenly rose on the arrival of
about 100 sail a few years ago. The number of vessels
arrived, up to this time, may be said to exceed 800 ;
and about 60 or 80 more may be-expected. ' About 140
are at present taking in cargoes.
