rectlon of- Heaven ; and therefore
who did not treat his flock as he ought to have done.
The whole of the circumstances proved this, and shelved
him to be a man who, perhaps without desiring it, was
calculated to raise in the minds of the slaves principles
which might lead to danger. lie (Mr. Wilmot Horton)
would particularly allude to those instances of his root-
ing from the Bible the pas-ages which speak of the
children of Israel, and his characterising them a;.. slaves.
To consider Mr. Smith as an enthusiast, it was neces-
sary to refer to that journal, the reference to \‘ hieh bad
been objected to by the Honourable Gentleman (Mr.
Brougham); and in which Mr. Smith observes, " I felt
my spirit move within me at the soiroWs of the slaves,
and I hope that Goo will bring then nut of thei.
troubles." And then adds, that " he thought it his duty
to state openly his opinions relative to the slaves, bait
feared lest it might criminate hirit and not relieve them."
And he afterwards adds, in allusion to the Governor,
that " he seems to do all he can to keep down the slaves,
but he shall not if I can hell it." lit 182,2, he states, tbat
" if the slaves were mote enlightened,they would he better
treated." In another sentence he says of one Hamilton:
" He, however, comforted himself in the belief, that the
project of Mr. Canning will never be carried into effect,
and in this I certainly agree with him. The rigours of
Negro slavery, I believe, can never be mitigated: the
system must be abolished." In another place he ex-
presses himself dissatisfied with the conduct of Parlia-
ment, but content, however, that things should take
their course, and shew how vain all these attempt. were.
On another occasion he was accused by Bond, No. 1,
page 7, with stating that the Blacks would do as well
without white people as with them, as in the Island of
St. Domingo. Being asked did he wish to see such ant)•
ther scene acted over again as that of St. Domingo? he

appeared confounded at this observation, though the
answer could not be called to recollection by Bond.
Here there appeared no discrimination to treat the shed-
ding of blood as a matter of no consequence. All
these things, however, shewed distinctly the frame of
this person's mind, and that he was actuated by at least
a dangerous spirit of enthusiasm up to this time, if
nothing else. In the evidence of Manuel, it appeared,
that Quamina told Mr. Smith, " that Jack and Joseph
finding there was no liberty in the Newspapers come
for the Negroes, wanted to make a push for it, and
for that reason he wished the Parson to speak to them."
There was a distinct avowal of an intention by force
to make themselves free being communicated to and
withheld by Mr. Smith from the Government of the
Colony. The further conversation detailed by this wit-
ness shewed that Mr. Smith was conversant and ac-
quainted with the intended revolt, that measure alluded
to as necessary, after coming out of chapel one day,
though Mr. Smith was not present. The letter of Jack
Gladstone to Mr. Smith appeared to be one freely cunt-
municating about the intended revolt ; and the conver-
sation which took place between Mr. J. Read alai Mr.
Smith as to the blood shed in the revolt, proved dearly
that this turn of Mr. Smith was extremely un,sfe and
dangerous; for he observed to them in custody, that
much blood had been shed at times in reftsious wars,
as if it was perfectly justifiable. A reference was
proved to be made to the rising in this letter, and the
hour of six in the evening mentioned, with a claim
of a promise on that even to be keot by Mr. Smith.—
He, however, contents himself with not wishing to ob-
tain any information ; and tells another slave that vio-
lent preconcerted measures are not consistent with our
religion, and that he had therefore better abstain!
What ! know that this was a violent preconcerted mea-
sure, likely of course to end in blood, and yet be sr udioos
to conceal the knowledge of such a revolt being in con-
templation ! If this were not actual treason, certainly
it was a very high misprision—(Hear, Ileac). The whole
case afforded a strong prima facie evidence of guilt.
Were they then to believe that every act of Nlr. Smith,
that the whole of his conduct was consistent with per-
fect innocence? He would appeal to any person who
read the evidence, and ask him what the impression
produced on his mind was ? (Cheers from the Opposition.)
lie was perfectly willing to rest is upon that test; and
if the impression produced by the perusal was not that
Mr. Smith was guilty of misprision of treason, he would
admit that the Court-martial could not be justified.—
If Mr. Smith, by his interference, might have prevented
the insurrection, he was responsible for the results that
followed, from not having used his exertions to that ef-
fect. He wished to refer to certaia parts of the Petition
which had been presented on this subject, for the pur-
pose of strewing that they were not borne out by the
facts. It stated that .4 many Negroes were shot and
hanged, though little if any injury was done to any pri-
vate property, and though the life of no white man
was voluntarily taken away by them." Though pro-
perty was not destroyed by fire, though there was no
devastation that brought ruin on the population, still he
would put it to the House, what must have been the
effect produced on the value of property by such an in-
surrection—what must have been the effect" on public
credit ? The Missionary Petition now before the House,
stated that many slaves had been executed, although
little injury had been done to property. What did the
Society mean by saying this? Were not a suspension of
the law which protected property, a diminution of the
credit which was placed upon the property, and a te-
dious, harassing Militia duty forced upon its owner fpr
its protection—were not these an injury to property?
With regard to personal injury, he begged to refer the
House to the evidence of Mrs.Waldron, who stated that
the Blacks forced open her husband's house, fired at and
wounded her twice, dragged her about, demanded of
her where het husband was, and treated her cruelly
while she was streaming in her blood. They had killed
a Mr. Forbes, a respectable man, who was the superin-
tendant of the slaves, and who, while dying, exclaimed,
that " he wished Wilberforce was present to see the
effect of his work"—(Load cheers). He read this, not
to justify the remark, but to shew what were the facts,
in the face of which the Missionary Meeting had pre-
sented their Petition. Did or did not the Missionary
Society know of these facts which appeared in evidence,
when they presented their Petition?—(Long continued
cheering).—And how did it happen that out of the whole
Colony the slaves who attended the Bethel Chapel
were the only persons affected by the impulse of in-
surrection?—(Hear.)
bsuerraescsutiroend?t—hacHtehaery.)alonTeheco Nuli.dssinoontarTic
Society
co
nrplisl might
tof the objects so much desired by this country ; and
that they never could have any chance of accomplish-
ment without an unkn of prudence and temper.—.
What had been the claims cf Mr. Smith to these qua-
lities the House might already have collected; but tie
Missionary Society appeared to give him ample creak
for both of them. The tact was,
that Mr. Smith,,
might have averted the danger
without h beene:en disposed, s
breachp
general terms, have cautioned the Government : and
se
of confidence: for be.might,
