FiISRIONABLE MUVEMENT

ARRIVALS.
Yesterday Earl Dowcr,at hoe in Curzon-street, front the
teat of Mr. Coke, in Norsolk.
Lord Whitworth and the Duchess of Dorset are expected at
their house in Grosvtnor-place, to-morrow evening, from their
scat at liuckmer, Ess,x, where they have been this fultnight
past.
FASHIONABLE. PARTIES FOR THE WEEK.

Tun El.'iNts-I.aLly .111botouih's At Home, at her house
in Stratford-place._

The Counts of Sefton's grand ball and supper, at her house
in Ar!ingt .r-street.
The Marchioness of Headford's gr3r.d rout, at her house in
Grey Stanhope. beet.
;Mrs liinde's music party.
lussanY—Lord Eardley's party, at his house in Lower G. 03.
nor-s:reer.

. Countess of CoVenttrl grnd rout, at her noble mansion iu
Piccadilly.
EDN strni—The Prince Regent's grand ball, at Car Lon
House.

Tito ItkleAY —Lady Handen's coacert, at her house in Green-
sreet:

FRIDAY —lle Nlascbioness of Exeter's At Home, at hertouse
jn t;!o•%erv.r-qtri..e,.
H'- loyal Highness the Prince. Ilczent's public breakfast, at
Cat Ituu House.

SATUKDAY—Lady Castlereagh's evening banquet.
Lady 11;:urden's everting banquet.
FASIIIONABLE PARTIES.

This evening their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of
York will give a grand entertainment to his Royal Hteines3 the
Prince Regent, the Queiqi and Princesses,and all the branches of
the Royad Family oven, together with a huge party of the
Nobility and Gentry.

The Duke and Duchess of York will have another grand din-
ner party at York House, on Saturday next.
The Duke sad Duchess of York enterta.nid a select party of
distinguished personates at dinner yesterday, at York House.
The Marchioness of L'alistniry, in Arlington-street, Lady
Hampden, in Green-a:met, Grosvenor.square, and Sir Wiliam
tr.d Lady Call, in Old Bond-street, had each a Klett music party
last evening
Lady Castlereagh Will give her first tout thit season, next
IPirechiebdiy evening, a her hi.use in King-street, St. Jatuu.fs-
square.
The Duke of Grafton will have a splendid dinner circle to-
morrow, at his houst in Piccatilly.
Yesterday the Earl of Westmorland had a grand dinner party,
•at his house in Grosvenor-square.

THE MARCHIONESS OF WINCHESTER'S ASSEMBLY.—
Ladyihip opened her house in Lower Grosvenor-
Weer, on Friday evening, to a large prop,' Lion of
the Fashionable World. There were three drawing
rooms, and an equal number of apartments bekv,,
appropriated fbr the reception of company. The
Nobielkitaipi;s gave a dinner en the same diy to the
PitiNci.RLXii.NT, and .t party of distinguished friends.
.Abt;u: ten o'clr.ck, the doors were thrown open for
the recer ion of corrp:lny. Ahent midnight the house
WAS thrng. d. Card t..bies wcre set out, and evtly
other attemion paid to the acci:ntoodatien of the vi-
sitants. The PRINCE 'ruled about hall pat tuelve ;
Lis Royal Highness again reitt.ned at two in the
morning, and supped with a select party, among
whom sere the host and hesless, the Marquis and
Marchioness of H. 'II,OIID, Viscount and Viscountess
I-fitiPoeN. There were several other supper tables.
The comp my did not retire until a late honr. Tue
fcil,wilig wine present :
His Royal Hig!inass the Duke of Cambridge and his Aid-de-
Camp, Captain Duke, 'he Prince Kuslovsky arid the Russian
Arnbass..dur, the Neapolitan Prince Casteleicala and his Prir.-
cess, Marquis and Marchioness Camden, Marehiontsa Dovlager
of Lansdowne and the Mi3bet C;illtird, Duke and Duchess of
&amen.. Nlarq iis and Marrhiniiriss of Tavistock, Earl and
Cui:iness or Harrington, Earl of Westmorland aid Lord Burg-
hersn, Dowager Countess of Lardigan and Lad/ Haggersiiice,
Lord aid Lady Charleraont, Sir Drummond and Lady mmth,
lady Smith Eurgesa and M.ss Smiih, Earl and Countess of
Care, Colonels Congreve art Bloomfield, General Turner and
Loam West, Maretoontiss of Headtort and Lady Mary
Viscountes Castlereagh arid the Ladies Stev....rr,
4:4 Mr:. Montagu, Countess of Cichnondrlty and Lady Char-
:int:e, Earl and Countess of Cowper, Viscount Palmerstone and
Mr. Ward, Mr. and Mrs. F. Pigou, Sir H. Vane Tempest twd
cue Counts is of Antrim, Countess of Clonmell and Lady Char-
;site Scott' Mr. and Mrs. It. 'Walpole, Viscounte.s Melbourne
anti Lady Lambe, Countess of Dartmouth aid Lady Louisa
Legge, Hun. E. Foley, Mrs. Beaumont and Miss Beaumont,
ihks. and Miss Hamby, Han. Captain and Mrs. Potilet, Lnicl
and Lad/ Charles lientinck, Countess of Powis and the Ladies
(live, Lord and I.ady Saye and bile, Mr. and Lady Harriet
Sp!iivan, Lord and Lady Rancliffe, the Misses Minutes, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Starniope.
M.IGNIFICENT DEJEUNE AT FITZROY FARM.--On

Sitatuay last, the v. hole ~f the Fashionable World
went out of town, to a public breakl.?st, given by the
Countess of BUCKINGHAMSHIRE, at her splendid villa,
at Highgate. It was one of the series of happy days
which the leaders of the haut lon have experienced in
the progress of the present season ; and this, if possi-
ble, tacelted all others. In the great saloon, tables
ware placed with covers for 120 persons. In the
library a table for 70; xud accommodation for 9U
more, in the morning-room, on tl.e left of the en-
trance. Four superb marquees were erected on the
LiAn, Wwuds Qua Wood, the seat at Lord, MA*

ikicat ; 'ttretre of tire largesi si e, beini each
hose AfEciontly cafeacious to contain 64. persons:
tents had anothet adjoinibg, called an atand‘ines
test; they were literally placed there for the express
poi pose of re.fupplying the tables where the company
sat. There *ere, likewise, others. among the. wilder
nessoftreei. On the opposite Side of the hotise a
platform was erected, for dancing, roped in, and (ari-
l; cifully decorated, i. e. the ropes, with festndns of
flowers. The tables were covered with every 'deli-
cacy and fruit's of a peculiarly fine growth. One long
table; in a shady cool retreat, was solely appropriated
to serve out
.ices and cherry water. The number of ,
invitation cards amounted to 900. To preserve or-
der, Townsend, at the head of a party of the police,
attended ; and to aid his efforts, a company of the
Quceri's Vulunteers, from Pimlico, kept tile ground
clear; AbOpt two o'clock the visitors began to ar-
rive ; butt it was not until half-past three that the road
pr_sentcd an .uninterrupted uninterrupted procession of sumptuous
equipages. Lord LASCELLES and Mrs. 802101 were
among the nuieber who sported sets of horses, namely,
six each; with outriders and postillions, all in their
richest liveries. No. one came with less than four
horses. It was a novel scene to the inhabitants.
Barouchei, landaus, sociables, landaulets, and curri-
cics innumerable—five hundred and thirteen were
counted. At four o'clock the breakfast commenced,
and at five the dancing, the band being led by the
inimitable Gow. Two sets danced at going off ; they
were kept up with proper spirit until the late hour of
eight in the evening. In addition to the above band,
the Duke of CAMBRIDGE'S military one attended ; and
Rivotra, the celebrated performer upon seven instru-
ments at one time, was engaged. The latter played
on the lawn ; the former among the Mat trees. The
company promenaded until the shades of night set
in; they then retired to their carriages, first express..
ing the gratification they had experienced to the Lady
lii.stess, and complimenting her on the situation of
so enviable a spot. In short, nature has done so much
fur the place that but little is left for art. There were
nearly a hundred set vants in attendance. Among
the company were--
'Hie Royal Dukes of Cambridge and Gloucester; the French
and Russian Princes; thy Russian, Portuguese, and Spanish Am-
bassadors; Dukes and Duchesses of Argyle, Beaufort, Grafton,
1)c Cas•ries, and De Grammont ; Marquissrs and Marchionesses
of Caindon, Winchester, Lansdowne, Tavistock, arid Waterford;
Marchionesses of Salisbury, W ellesley,Heailfort, and Cornwallis;
Earls and Countesses Pow:, Lotisdale, Ser:on, Chohnondeley,
Ilarrowby, Liverpool, mild Bathurst; Lutd and Lady Castle-
reagh, &c. &c.

Friday night Mrs. COATES gave a magnificent gala
and supper to a numerous assembly of fashion, in
Connaught Place. Two services of plate, valued at
£30,000, were exhibited on this splendid occasion.
Lady Smut' BURGESS having completed her fa-
shionable rounds for the present season, both at home
ana abroad, retires next week to rusticate away the
odioas summer at her delightful seat of Havering Bower,
iu Essex.

Frid.iy night Mrs. BILLINGTON gave a grand enter-
tainment at her elegant house and gardens at Ham-
mersmith, to a numerous assemblage of persons of
distinction, amounting to between 300 and 400. The
amusenietus consisted principally of a grand concert,
and to hear our unrivalled countrywoman was suffi-
cient to make it an enviable treat to be invited, and
on which occasion. she sung most enchantingly, as
when in lull practice.

The QUEEN and some of the Princesses are expec-
ted in tut% n during the week.
Eleven hundred cards are issued for the PRINCE
REGENT'S Fete on•Wedresday, which will be con-
ducted on the grandest scale. The Ques and two
of the Princesses are invited to the sumptuous banquet.
The Princess Of WALES lives a very retired life
during her residence at Kensington Palace.
Yesterday, an excellent Discourse on the import-
ance of attending public worship and the influence
of example, was delivered by the Rev. Mr. BvAm,
before the Princess CHARLOTTE of WALES, Duke of
CAMBRIDGE, and Nobility, at the Chapel Royal, St.
James's, from 3.5 th Psalm, 18th verse, I will give
thee thanks in the great congregation t I will praise
thee anioeg much people."
The Duke of Sussex, we are happy to say, is so
much recovered from his late attack as to be able to
go nut in his ca►riage.
Saturday, about one o'Clock, the PRINCE REGENT
lest town tor Windsor, and returned about eleven
o'clock. During his Royal Highness's stay at Wind-
ser 1:e dispatched a Messenger to Bushy with a writ-
ten communication co the Duke of CLARENCE, to
which an answer was brought to London. His Royal
Highncss, we or happy to say, Is better.

Mr. WEBB, the philanthropist, having heard that
some persons ascribed his profuse distribution of his
property among the poor as the effect of insanity,
mentioned the report to a Quaker in Shrewsbury,
who replied," I wish thou wouldest bite a great many
of our rich people, and thereby spread the disorder
through the land !"
Nichohon, in Coldbath.fields, who murdered Mr.
and Mrs. BONAR, is rapidly recovering from his
wound, which is regularly dressed. He is strongly
ironed besides otherwise put under necessary restraint,
and attended by two men day and night. He eats
asd sleeps well, and his agitation of mind considera-
bly allayed by being much occupied in reading.
It is said that Cornwell, charged with the murder
of Mrs. STEtitte.Ns, has recently shewn signs of con-
tritium On one occasion he is reported to have an-
swered, " I am innocent; that will appear hereafter ;
but I deserve to die for my crimes." When ques-
tioned whether he intended to say that lie v:as inno-
cent of the murder, he appeared to be gicatly agitat-
ed, and refused to answer.

John Smith, from Perth, was lately brought before
the High Court of Justiciary at Edir,hurgli, charged
with uttering a forged note. He pleaded guilty, and
was sentenced to fourteen years banisl►n►ent Iron►
Scotland.

EXECUTION.—Wilkinson, Tarwood, and Burgers, the
elm men convicted at the lastChesterAssizes ot a tape,
ware executed thereon Saturday. They decicred their
innocence to the last moment as to the use of forcible
means, and died game—Wilkinson on the drop decla-
ring, that he was just as easy then as if going to a
play ; and that his Beck-handkerchief (the halter) fitted
him very sighs 1 About 400 &men, their comrades,
attended; and, after the wretched n►en were cut
down, conveyed their bodies to Northwicks to be
inter(ed this day.

kite 1(362.

• gainiday st Ceneial Court was held at the Eas
ttidia House. pursuant us spetial Adjotonment. Atte'
the Minntesof the two preceding Coln ts had beei tend,
TIT Chairman, ( Mr. R.TnonwroN) stated the pur-
pOse of thf Meeting, whic!rwas to take into farther
consideration the renewal of the Company's Chaiter
A pause ensuing,
•Mr. LoWNDEs took the opportuniti Of isveighing
With infinite acrimony; against the proceedings of the
Quarterly Court, which he insisted had nOt been pro.
perly advertised ; but being called to order from is
rious quarters, he at length was reluctantly induced
to give way to
Mr. RANDLE JACKSON, who; after deprecating any
degree of wai mtli or intemperance, entered into a his.
tory of the present and past state of the Company,
with the concessions which had been progressiirely
m:tde to the public, and concluded with moving—
" That when the Bill, now pending In Parliament, fur the te-
newal of the Company's Charter, shall have passed through a
Committee of the House of Commons, and the blanhi i.f the same
be filled lip, the Directors be requested to c 4:: a Central Court,
to meet on business of the utmost WpOrtance ; and that at such
Meeting, the Directors, having duly considered the provisions of
the said Bill, will be, pleased to deliver their respective opinions,
as to how far they think it safe and practicable fur the Preprie ors
.to act under the said Bill, with security to their capital, certainty
as to ther dividend, and general advantage to dollar...lves, and
to the public."
Mr. DAVIS seconded the motion.

Mr: How declared himself adverse to the motion,
which, in his opinion, was nugatory, as well ai disre.
spectful to the Executive Body.
Mr. LOWNBES inveighed with great asperity against
an Ecclesiastical Establishment, which he termed the
corner-stone of Hierarchy. Missionaries should be
confined to the three orders—Protestants, Roman Ca-
tholics, and the Kirk of Scotland ; which would poir.t
out the three great roads to Heaven : he had also no
great objecrion to Quakers.—[Mr. Lowndes, in the
course of his speech was frequently called to order.]
Mr. HOWARTH, M. P. spoke strongly in favour of
the motion.

Mr. BACO.I attempted, in a maidera speech, to enter
at length into the subject of Missionaries; bur finding
his auditors not inclined to attend to his discourse,
declined pursuing it.
Mr. lioance Twas considered the presebt discus-
sion premature, which, in his opinion, would itave
more effect when the blanks etould be filled (Ili; and
the Directors had formed their decided opinion upon
the several clauses.

Mr. TWINING had no objection to the motion, but
thought the Directors needed ttot such a spur for the
performance of their duty : a collective opinion was,
he thought, the preferable mode.
Mr. ROBERT GRANT saw no reasoh to reprobate
the introduction of Bishops or Missionaries ; and with
respect to the Chursh Establishment, it would be but
an ungracious measure to found an opposition to it;
not upon its danger, but its expense.
Mr. GRANT was against the motion.
After a few more observation the Bill was read
short pro forma, and the Cella adjourned At three
o'.:lock fine die.

AQUATIC 111ONSTER.—Several s:iilors have trade
affidavits at of having, in a late voyage
from Lisbon, seen a fish, apparemly Iwo hundred teet
in length, about 30 broad, and from 17 to 18 fret
high in the centre : its back appeared covered with
a shell, formed similar to the planks of a clinker•built
vessel—near thz head, on the right side, was a large
hole or archway, covered occasionally with a fin,
which was at times eight or ten feet out of water.
IN SANITY.Tf:ree cases, all deemed incurable, have
been recently and most happily cured by C. Dela-
hoyde and Co. of Sion Vale, Islewortfi.
The fit st was that of Harris in, the master of the
Duke of Kent's baud. The loss of reason and the
violent invet s:on of affections, so at to render him
dangerous to those most dear to him, distinguished
his affliction. it has now been removed for a consi-
derable time. He is happy with his family ; a useful
man of business; mild and gentlemanly in his man-
ners ; assists in governing DIILAIIOYDE'S establish-
ment and in rendering the most pleasing attentions
to the patients. Two rude persons once asked in his
presence, for Harrison, the man who had been de-
ranged—when he replied, " I am Harrison, I have
been deranged, but am now recovaed."
The second case, is that of a private in tire marines,
named Moon ; he was so violent as to be kept in
chains, being too outrageous fur his keepers ; and re-1
ceived his food in a sholiel put through a gritting or
hole in the wall, %%here he was confined. His vio.
lence was of the most terrific kind. He is now gentle
and peaceful ; and has joined his regiment some time'
past. The writer of this has recently seen him in full
health. This case was recommended by the Duke of
Kent as well as Harrison's.

Sir Thomas Barnard, who has distinguished him-
self in writing pamphlets on every opportunity, was
the first person in writing upon what lie called f 6 Im-
provements on Dr. Bell's Plans," to point out Jo-
seph Lancaster as labouring under tin: pressure of
the most severe calamity that could afflict a virtuous
and affectionate husband," as he made known the ca-
lamity, it becomes a matter of necessity more than
choice that her recovery should be public—which it
is, and the more so as it may tend to benefit others.
The inversion of her affection, the general altera-
tion of habits, and the almost total eclipse of her na-
turally biiiliant powers, ail operated to prove her af-
flictive condition—it was also highly irritable and
melancholy, but not dangerous. Her happiness is
now greater than ever, and her friends and tamily are
delighted with her. This case was also recommend:d
by the Luke of hut, who has proved himself J.,s.
Lancaster's II ied triL lid in all that relates to his perso-
nal happiness.
S. al 'ter cases are in the high train of success
—one of them a most e'.itficult one may be considered
as cured in :he shot t space ut tour or five months ;
though a case in which the malady seemed inter-
woven in the very grain of nature, but as these are
private cases, .ve shall not venture to exceed the
bounds of propriety by divulging paitkulars. Oa
this subject we state with pleasure that C. Delahoyde
observes the most cc m mendable delic icy.
This paper is occupied with these facts, as the ap-
plications for particulars are too numerous to be an-
swered in writing.
The consultation fee is five guineas : and patients
are not received without being first seen. The house
will not Accomuludaut more theu4 20 at present.

tifitßiFfrit • -
• • • Of TIM
BENEVOLENCE or Tel DMUS tor KENT Atm ma
ToJatigrai Lai4CAsrint AND 111 b
.
We have now to present to the Public, p series 4
h/ most gratifying facts that can tin honour I
et-ince% or aft ird graitication to a pe pie who fr
thertiselties dignifiA *hen persons of any rank
nation, more eipect.lly those the highest, take ta.
teat!, in sympathy for the aflcted,. or in ‘upport I
the meritorious, which may a u at once to the pit
ittal comforts, secure the firtire happiness, and ch
velope tenfold more than ever the energies of thus
Minds whose delight is to promote the interests, ,gll
II deserve well of their country.
In naming the Dukes of Kent and SUsset, whit
alms deeds are to t'e heard of in every public chant)
bearing on oar best interests as a people, we knot
we are touching a strim which never vibrates but t
Delight, never sounds but to make melody in tie ear
of a nation prone to feelings that honour the humai
race, and super-eminent above all nations of the east]
in acts of beneficence.

Many of our Readers will recollect siting wits
fixed attention to catch the harmonious s tundscf chat
ritable'eloquenee from these illustrious Princes, why
Alpported by the cheering applause of approl aticui
to a degree unparalleled in our Samaritan bai.queo
rhe admiring mind's, tht applauding hearts M thop
sands and tens of thousands of the present day, wil
hand down to poiterity, as well as peblish at tbf
prelent moment, the luxury of those benev.ilei.t aril
intellectual feasts, which babe been grand b;
the ppen.hearted and generous support of the Luke
of gent and Sussex, s.-110 have nut disdained to sci
licit even the widow's m to for the good of the poor]
and to appeal to Heaven and Earth for blessings 04
the heads of the needy and helpless.
But their merits are above our feeble praise, aril
need it not. It is toe iuilness of our heart, tha
forces to expression, and even then cannot find ftsl
relief by utterance. We report what we base teed
and what we do know. We have no second-hens
motives, we leave such motives to the hireling libel
leri of the day, who can dare to prostitute the Ares
to rob virtue of her royal robes ; aod who ate prd
paled by the very teenoth and gall of bitterness
sanction every cruise, even the slavery df the bodi
—and what is %Iroise, the slavery of the rn:nsi,e—
-" Human nature's broadest, futlest blot."
But we speak the truth because we love it, and lel
do it with more pleasure, as we know these amiao
Princes love and honour both, and are never at
happy as to hear it, except when it is told of thei
own virtues, having done good for the sake of doing
it, and feeling surprise to find it fame. It will not
however, be unpalatable to this nation, to whoa
hearts it is joy, to whose eyes it is delight, to vac;
n the resemblance of the royal father's image in de
conduct and persons of his sons:
a Nor less, Ms royal progeny approve
1 His good endtavcurs and his wurhs of love:
They Wend the:r gifts with their illustrious Sire's,
1 And copy goodness which the world admires!"
Those who admire the humble lily will not be lea
pleased with it than..a. mers,.blooming conspicuou
beauty of the garden. To minds who Live tne dis
position to no good in secret, the bate idea of Bri
tish Princes sitting down unseen by public eyes
alone with a patriot and friend of his country, is
!probe his wounds, to all iy his sorrows, and to pouf
;the bale) of consolation into an All Lted soul, is si
dignified a fact, that when the harp of benevolent:o
sh,dl be suspended on the ve:llow, posterity will es
tend active hands to take it dawn and striate stith jot
the loudest lyre in their praise. It is too good a sub
jest to be unknown, and it cannot be known but b
being told. It fails to our lot to tell, but we wish that
we could exhibit the actual scenes themselves, install
of feebly endeavouring to describe them.
The picture of true sympathy defies the power o
the pencil or pen. Its touches are so exquisite the
it is more easily felt than described. But as a paint
loaf will not satisfy an hungry ntan, so kind pit)
idle feeling, and empty praise ate nonsense to th
mind that needs active friendship ; each friendshi.
" firm and true" has long shed lustre on these tat,
Royal Coronets: The as be ye warmed," the as b
ye clothed," and shutting up the bowels of compal
sion, forms no trait in their princely characters.
They did not say as we have many demands, w
have done liberally for your system and cannot affor
or are unable to do any thing for you." But " what
can we do we Will do all you please, and all W
can." Could the nation see them as they were the
seen, as their noble feelings thee ascended as incent
to HEAVEN, when the tear of their generous sou'
descended as dew upon the mind of the man they lx
noured with their goodness! Could the nation te
them as they were then seen, by him that seeth in
cret, they would be flr ever the nation's glory, the;
country's joy and pride.
Every person who knows Joseph Lancaster, know
he has been a devoted enthusiast to the cause of us.
versa' Instruction : that the prime of his life has bee
devoted to the service of his country ; and ;hat se/
aggrandisement bore no part of his siews. Yet
was not known very generally, that sacrifice was sti
being added to sacrifice ; and that in the career
I which things were proceeding, the whole lite
future, like the prime of the days past, must be devi
led to the country without the least benefir to the it
dividual. Fur the public printed reports of his pr•
gress, say the man deserves every thing, when tf
public accounts of his finances prove that liehas lir
nothing. Even detraction and envy may hide the
diminished heads ; let who will envy him, the prate
empty or substantial, of which he has had an me
flowing cornucopia, the pudding, the substaii,i
benetits, are all yet to come. But the friend, of by
manity cannot tail to rejoice, the blessings are nu t.
way, and the bounty of the illustrious Kent and Su
six point out their course, hasten their speed, ar
prepere to dispense an overflowing measure.
Atter spending the prime of youth in promotir
the education of the poor, Joseph Lancaster w.
found with the weight of many domestic duties, at
without the proicr means of fulfilling them. Ws
an aged and pious lather to petform his filia: duty
in old age ; %%idea wife, amiable and accomplishe
lo.t with her miud, duet a victim to mental discs:
and her case comidtied incro-Jl.- by able medical a
thority ; null an infant, the delight of a lathe:
heart, to provide for, and his earl Lions yet omen=
, rated, and no racaus to uttAia the accGinplisluutat,
