PORTUGAL

'Upon the motion of Sir J..MACINTOSH those pot.
tions of his Majesty's Speech relating to the affairs of
Portugal which were delivered at the close of the last
Sessioh, and at the conirnencenae t of the present, were
enteted as read. The 11..00uratile Gentleman then
obterved that he believed it would be scarcely re:essary
for any man who addressed the House from that side.
of it from which he was then speaking to disclaim any
spirit of party feeling, or unnece.sary or troublesome
opposition to the views of the present Government. He
thought it was nut necessary for him to•disclaim any
'uch feeling, or to declare that none such influenced
los conduct with respect to the motion which it was
now his painful duty to bring before the House. From
the commencement of the Session he (Sir J. Macintosh)
and his Honourable Friends who thought with him, and
who occupied seats near him, had felt themselves under
sacred and moral obligations to do nothing which
might, in the slightest degree, rale or distract the views
and measures i.f Government. Upon the contrary,
they bad lent their hearty and powerful co operation--
a co-operation which' experience had proved to be no
more than necessary—towards the carrying into effect
4 f that grand-ehealing measure which had this Session
beefs so triumphantly passed into a law—a measure
which he did not hesitate to say would be found to-be
one of the most beneficial which had been adopted since
the happy settlement.of the constitutional crown upon
the House of 'Brunswick. The feeling which had in-
duced himself and friends to fight on the side of Go-
vernment upon a question of such importance still
existed, although,- in the discharge of what he felt to
be his duty upon the present occasion, he Might per-
haps be ►upposed to be entering into a stronger opposi-
tion than he intended. Whatever the House might
think he should persevere in the discharge of that duty ;
but as he klt no hostility to Ministers he should assume
no acrimony, while on the one hand he felt that be must
keep at an immeasureable distance from luicewartnness,
since the question to be discussed involved in no slight
degree our national honour and integrity ; for surely
it could be no less than dishonourable and unjust to
abandon the ci.use of those injured and defenceless
men who, having a tie upon us, threw themselves
upon us for protection. In bringing forward the pre-
sent measure he was influenced by the regard, by the
wish to keep the councils' of the country =spotted
in the eyes of the people as well as the Cabinets
of Europe. He was anxious that-the condition of our
most ancient ally should be known and investigated,
in order that it might, if possible, be mended. He
was also anxious, he was jealous; that the national
hollow should not receive a taint. He thought it was

equally as mach incumbent upon us as a nation not to
connive at or to abet any act of wrong committed to-
wards any other nation which was connected war us,
as it was to resist any act of wrong committed towards
ourselves. It became more particularly so •when the
connection was so strong as that which existed, and had
for so loog a time existed between Portugal and this
country. It was wise and politic, in his opinion, that
the attention of the House should sometimes be called
to the stare of our foreign relations, in order to assure
the people that pains were taken to secure to them that
peace and tranquillity which they had now for some
time enjoyed. That great nation which had for ages
been considered as an illustrious antagonist, but
which he hoped would be for the future considered
as no other than an illustrious rival, since the adop-
tion of. the Representative Assembly had beers its
the constant habit of discussing tie state of the other
countries by whom she was surrounded, or with
whom she was connected ; and, in spite of the occasional
interference and individual indiscretion which sometimes
arose from those discussions; he could not help thinking
that they led so results which'were highly be .eticid to
eh. nation. If,- indeed, they were productive of no other
good, they at least afforded an early ye it for feelings
and opinions which might otherwise rankle into ani-
mosity. But in his opinion such discussions tended in
no inconsiderable mauler to settle more deeply and
strongly the growing pissinn for peace, which, in spite
of the stubboi ones and impolicy of some Goer, nments,
was still gaiusng ground throughout the whole of
Europe. For his own part he could not sufficiently
rejoice that such a passion was so -strongly developing
itself, since it was evident that it would gradually rescue
the world from those horrors which were si.mt-time;
acted upon it. He owned, if the House would stzuse
' him a momentary digie•sion, that, if his passion for
peace could by any possibility have been strengthened.
it would have been so when he heard the details of a
war describett.by a man, who, for the two thousand
years which had elap-ed since Scipio conquered Han.
nibal, was the only man who had overthrown and con-
quered the greatest commander of the age. When he.
heard that great General, after the description he had
given of the horrors of war, speak in favour of peace,
he confessed that his passion for that peace, for lie could
call it by no other name than passion, became more
firmly feed even than it was before. It was a passion
which he had now the happiness to see was rapidly ex-
tending itself, and he trarsted that it would long con-
tinue to be the ruling passion of Europe—he trusted
that tranquillity would be prolonged fir a petit:id, at
least longer than that to which the whole world had
been doomed to the horrors of war. It was this passion
for peace which•led him to be jealous of any guarantee
entered into by one nation towards ant ther.• He-en-
titely deprecated such a system if proceeding, as it
appeared to him to increase the climax of • war by
creating feelings of distrust and doubt. In making
this observation he did not wish it to t•.e supposed, that
he was making any allusion with respect'•to the mea•
.sores which had been adopted towards the OitrTan
Empire so far as respected the policy of allowing its
existence in Europe. He slid •nr t w islr to. introduce
that subject• into the present debate. It seemed to
him, however, that the guarantee Which had reenen-
tere I into with respect to that State was me which was
the least capable of being carried into Meet. What,
in fact, woad such a guarantee ?It would be a
guarantee to devote the whole of the southern frontier
of Europe to bairenress, and the whole of the people
of those parts to slavery. It seemed to lim that such
a guarantee could not succeed. He thought that all
su h attempts on the part of the great military Powers
in the neighbourhood of Prague would tome to nought.
He thought that when the hour of quarrel arrived they
would be obliged to resort to their old practice of cut..
ring it up. He begged pardon for having detained the
House so long upon a subject which perhaii .'id not
immediately apply to the present qnestion, but ho coold
not refrain from making some allusion to it. The case
of Portugal, however, was of a very different 'native to
that•of Turkey. • Portugal was a country which was
still connected with Great Britain by an alliance forrred
four hundred and fifty years ago. Such a connection
as that which existed between this country and Prom-
gal, he todieved, was Aroparalleled iti the history of the
world. No cause of enmity had existed betsre.:n diens
for a single day, nor had Portugal ever drawn this
country into a war in her behalf. On she cont►ars•; s'se
had been since invaded for no other ca ise than for
steadfast adherence to this country, once •in the y• ar
Ibol, and again in 1807 ; and yet that coon ry ich
had endured so much for this was now s6asssioned to
an usurper, who had made his way to the theme by a
series of falsehoods, perjuries, and frisch, for wit el
any man amenable to the laws' would have subj cted
himself to the most digraisefal;• if not the most ex:reme
sentence which could bb inflicted—a man who laid o: -
der the imputation at private crimes which were tor-
confuted—s•man Who had been guilty of effences un-
equalled in atrocity s nee the days of Caligula and C .
raculla—a man who had attempted parricide, Sind• who
was the parasite of rebellion. That •England should
conform t•' such a man was .discrejitable, Was dis-
honourable to:frer.This. endeed,was not his opinion alone.
. His Majesty had twice told-them from the thr that he
and all the other Power:; of Europe had been obliged
to cut off 'all diplomatic inters-urse with this man
for nearly twelve months—a mark of displeasure
ur-
ezampled in the history of nations, Without'proceed.
ing to the extremity of -war. 'The whole of Europe had
sat in judgment upon thgionduct of vie man who at
present usurped the throtiff Portugal, and •who had
brought all this dishonourApon a once illustrious aind
still respectable country. The whole of Europe had
decided that they could beep up no correspondence
nor maintain any connexion with a country which was
groaning under so vile and so-degrading a yoke. Ana
even while this man was assuming to himself all .else
prerogatives of royalty in Portugal, bis• Majesty and his
Ministers had received the Infanta Donna Marra as the
legitimate heiress soothe throne. She had been received
by Isis Majesty with that dignified courtesy for which
he had ever been distinguished,and which was calculated
to inspire her with feelings of confidence and senility in
the protection of this country. But while a bask/usurper
enjoyed the government of Portugal, the unfortunate
Donna Maria remained in England—a Queen, indeed,
but an exile film her dominions. This was a situation
of affairs which required some explanation.:- It was a
case in which the national honour was involved. and
was therefore a case which required the most wilipirs
attention and consideration of the House, fovii. was
• -

left to them to assert the honour of the nation as re-
spected its conduct to a feeble yet faithful ally. It teas
a case in which the actions and proceedings of Govern.
ment were most likely to be subjected to suspicion and.
imputation, and he was therefore sure that every tndivi
dual in that House would agree with him that it was a
case which required the fullest explanation. In order
to obtain that explanation, he should be under the ne-
cessity* stating to the House his reasons for making
the present address, which was for the production of,
certain papers which would throw a light upon the
transactions which had taken place between Portugal
and this country from the year 1826 to the present
time. In stating his reasons for making this motion he
• should be under the necessity of occupying the atten-
tion of the House for a greater length of time than he
could with ; he should endeavour, however, to be as
short and as concise as possible. It was well known
that in the year 1825 a treaty of reconciliation between
Portugal and Brazil, and for a peaceable separation of
the two countries, was negotiated between Austria and
England, and ratified at Rio Janeiro. in August of that
year. Now, it was remarkable that the person selected
by King John VI. as his Plenipotentiary to conduct the
negotiation between Portugal and Brazil was no other
than that intelligent and excellent person Sir Charles
Stuart, whose knowledge and integrity in such affairs
rendered him the most proper person that could have
been selected tor the conduct of such an important
business. England and Austria, therefore, had not only
interfered and taken an active pint in this separation of
the two countries, but Sir Charles Stuart, a distin-
guished Englishman, acted .as the Plenipotentiary of
the Portuguese State to negociate the peaty. In the,
March following King John the Sixth died, and after
his death, Don Pedro proceeded to execute the treaty
of separation which had been already begun. And it'
should be observed that his intention at that time was
very peculiar, so peculiar that there was no instance in
history which he knew of exactly like it. Having ac-
complished the separation, be renounced all title to the
kingdom of Portugal, but at the same time he held
authority over that country for the purpose of putting
the treaty into execution. Although he was not the
lasting King of Portugal, he was King for that neces-
sary portion tlf time, which was, indeed, imposed upon
him by the terms of the treaty, for, until that treaty
was tarried into effect, he was invested with power over
the two countries. This being the case, Don Pedro in•
troduced three measures to procure a safe separation of
the two countries. These three measures were—first,
the abdication of the Crown to Donna Maria; secondly,

her marriage to Don Miguel. a pleasure which he
thtught would secure tranquillity to the State in the
danger, us moment of separation ; and thirdly. the in-
troduction of the Constitution. without which the se-

cond measure would have been of no use. These were
the three measures which were introduced in the year
1826 as the means of separating the two countries. Then
how was this Constitution received in Portugal? It was
borne back to Lisbon by the same Sir Charles Stuart who
had acted as the Plenipotentiary of the old King. He (Sir
J. M.) would not enter into any discussion upon
the propriety or impropriety of that step on the part of
Sir Charles Stuart. But, whatever might be the opi-
nion of some persons, he was convinced that he bad
acted, in every sense of the word, upon honourable and
upright principles. It was much more easy for persons
at 4 distance to make observations, and to draw conclu-
sions upon the. actions of men, than it was for those to
form a correct judgment, or to adopt a proper deter-
mination in their line of conduct, who were immediately
engaged at the time. But be would seriously call the
au. anon of the House to the effect which the fact of his
being the bearer of the Constitution had upon the pen.
ple of Portugal. When they saw that such an indi-
vidual as he was made the bearer of that Constitution,
she (Sir J. Macintosh) would ask if they had 1101 rea-
son to augur well r f the Opinion of England towards
it?—whether the manifest interpretation tube put upon
it was not that England was favourable to it? But this,
as he had every reason to believe, was not all. It should
be observed, however, that he was now speaking under
correction, and if he were wrong, he begged that he
might be corrected from the proper quarter. But if he
were not deceived, the Government of Portugal, fearful
of taking upon themselves the awful responsibility which
was devolved upon them, did not put the Constitutional
Charter into effect until they had received the advice of
his Majesty and his Ministers upon the propriety of adopt,
ing it. It he were rightly informed, dispatches were
for warded to London upon this point, to which answers
were delayed for at least one mail, during which the
publication of the Charter was delayed, and it was not
until advice had been transmitted from this country
that it was finally promulgated throughout the State.
The changes in the Ministry were so numerous at the
time that this transaction took place, that it was impos-
sible it could long remain secret. It speedily became
known az Lisbon, and be (Sir J. Macintosh) had not the
least doubt that many, if not all the Nobility of Portugal,
were encouraged to manifest their principles, since it
appeared to them that they had a favourable opportunity
of doing so wimh advantage, because they were directly
befriended and favoured by their ancient ally. He did
not mean to reflect upon the conduct of those gallant
men who were now seamed over the face of the world
by the usurpation of the creature who now filled
the throne of Portugal ; be did not mean to say that
their conduct and behaviour had not been zealous arid
patriotic; but he must say it would have been vain and
idle for them to take the step which they had does
unless they had the countenance of this country to sup-
port them. The neat point to which be wished to call
the attention of the House before be proceeded to es-
Plain, was that of what was called our neutrality.,
Neutrality was a word which bid not, in many canes,
a very limited signification. It bad not prevented our
interference. in many inStStlCeSs in the affairs of States
towards which we had declared ourselves neutral. It
was not a point but a line, within the length of which
there was room for the execution of many friendly
offices. It was a line of skit length as would admit
of a change from friendly *takes to those of an adverse
chatacter. But it was not for any breach of neutrality
that be now required an explanation ; his object was to
induce the tiovernment to adopt and to continue a
friendly arid an honourable course of policy towards the
most ancient ally of this kingdom, and it a as his wish
to know whetbee such a course of policy had hitherto
been departed from ? All that had yet been done, he
did not hesitate to-aar, was itself within the line of neu-
trality, so that upon that point at least the count', bad
nothing to complain of. On the 30tisof October, 1826,
Don Miguel entered into espousals with the Infanta
Donna Maria. This ceremony, which MS one of
affiance and not of marriage, was performed by the
Papal Nuncio in the rescue of the Portuguese arid
Brazilian Ministers. It was a ceremony which was not
decided on and consummated trithout anipleeonsiderap
tine on all sides; so that Don Miguel could not plead
we excuse of his subsequent conduct that he bed been
seeread into, or that he bad not had sufficient time tu
&liberal% urn it. At the time that the memo/ was

performed he mote; ip thelteseftee of many witnesses,
that he would observe the articles of the Chatter and
stis'ainttin the Constitation of-Don Pedto. And this Was
one 01 the acts of diception which he had practised
in order to pave his. way to that summit which be
rhad'sinee attained; although it must be admitted
tbat if he were rewarded according to his . merits
he would have arrived at a summit of a very different
kind. At the time that this ceremony took place Don
Miguel had partisans in the north-eastern parts of Por-
tugal. who immediately crossed the borders, and went
into Spain—a movement which ultimately led• to the
landing of a number of British troops in Lisbon—an
act on the part of this Government which he should,
ever continue to regard as one of the most noble acts
of policy which had ever been adopted by any Minister
in this country. It was correct, it was proper, it was
necessary, that such a step. so bold and so decisive,
should be taken when the safety of an ancient ally was
threatened by a host of rebels. The next subject to
which he wished to allude was one ofratherispeculiat
nature. In the autumn of 1827 the. Portuguese km•
bassador at the Couit of Austria presented a note, in
consequence of which a conference was held at Vienna,
the result of which was the formation of what, accords
ing to the modern mode of expression, wa4 called a
protocol. The Ambassador of Don Pedro at this time
produced a letter from that Emperor, in which Don
Miguel was nominated his Lieutenant in Portugal, with
a view that the Constitutional Charter might be the
better carried into effect. In addition to this letter was
another to the King of Great Britain, beseeching him,
as the great ally and natural protector of the kingdom
which he had abdicated, not only to support Miguel in
his regency, but also to see that the Constitutional Char•
ter which he had granted to the people of that country
was properly established as the fundamental law of the
kingdom. He (Sir J. M.) was quoting all this from
memory. but he believed that it would be found that
he had .spoken correctly. Words tq the same effect
were contained in another letter of the same date to the
father-ini-law of Don Pedro. The result of these letters
was. that England and Austria determined not only to
aid and support the Regency of Don Miguel, but also
to support the carrying into effect of the Constitutional
Charter. Under these circumstances, what was more
natural than that that great Minister, Prince Metter-
nich, should think that the first question was to ascer-
tain whether Don Miguel would observe the conditions
under which he was to be vested with the power of Re-
gent, because it was upon that condition, and upon that
alone, that the two nations who had been addressed by
Don Pedro were required to put Don Miguel in such a
'Situation? Prince Metternich consequently made the
inquiries which he felt he was bound to do ; and in the
course of these inquiries he found Don Miguel exceed.
ingly tractable, especially with respect to the course
which he would pursue when he came to be placed in
authority in Portugal. He had forgotten to mention
that at the time the notes of Don Pedro were produced
by his Ambassador two other Portuguese noblemen were
also present. Of these one was the Count Villa Real.
These noblemen had especially pointed out the neces-
sity of some interference on the part of Great Britain,
in order to compel Don Miguel to preserve the con.
ditions of the Charter. He would here call the at-
tention of the House to the consideration of What
inference the Count Villa Real was to infer from this.
What but that the return of Don Miguel to Portugal,
through England, was a guarantee of security to the
Constitution? what but that, by his being sent to Por-
tugal by a free country, he was not to be looked upon
as one who came to destroy a free Constitution ? Was
not this act, he would ask, an encouragement to the
Constitutional party to think yell of the disposition of
England, and to hope Much from the interference of
England? But he would now return for a while to the
point Isom which he set out. When Don Miguel de-
clined to return to Portugal through England, he gave
as his mason for so declining his belief that a strong
prejudice existed against him bete, and that lie
was apprehensive as to his reception in this counir y.—
He (Sir James Macintosh) believed that Don Miguel
had formed a just anticipation as to the views enter-
tained towards him by the virtuous part of the British
nation, but be did not then sufficiently calculate on his
accomplished powers of hypocrisy, which subsequently
stood him in such good stead. He was then informed
by Prince Metternich that he must not return though
Spain, that Austria would not for a moment listen to
such a course—not that Austria feared his heading the
discontented panics in that country, but for other
weighty reasons of State. In the meantime Don Miguel
had an interview with a higher personage than Prince
Metternich, to whom it might have been expected he.
would have told the truth, if the truth had been in him,
and to whom he declared (spontaneously it was believed)
his intention sacredly to fulfil all the directions and
commands that had been issued by Don Pedro, his au-
gust and merciful brother. This declaration, let it be
remenabered,was made to an august personage, to whom
he would have spoken truth, if fat truth he had enter-
wiped the slightest respect. But when Prince Metter-
nich had informed Don Miguel that he could not 'morn
to. Portugal through Spain he left him his choice of two
places, distinctly telling him that he must fix upon one of
them. The first was to pass into Portugal through hog.'
land, the other was to remain at Vienna until the one-
rr views of Don Pedro were communicated to him.
fe was necessary to state that the English Minister at
Vienna was present at the conference when this deter-
mination was made known to Don Miguel, and was
made perfectly aware of what passed in the presence of
the august personage whom he (Sir James Macintosh)
would sot name, and also in the presence of Prince
Metternich, his Minister. All this was known in Eng-
land, for the intelligence was communicated to the Bri-
tish Government by the British Minister is a letter, of
which he (Sir James Macintosh) possessed a copy, ad-
dressed to his Majesty*: Principal Secretary of &ate.
Now, the conclusion to be drawn from this fact was,
that there was no disposition against the proceeding
manifested on the part of his Majesty's Gufernmeet.
How came it, then, that Prince Metternich and
the Allied Powers, for he spoke in their name, bad
a right to dictate to Don Miguel the manner in
which be should return to Portugal, and the precise
path be was to take? How came it, then, that Prince
hlerteroich communicated to him that he was mot to
;care Vitoria, unless his crone lay through England,
uatd he bad been informed as to the ukerior determi-
nation of Doti Pedro? had Prince Metternich a right
so to do? If he had, from whence did he derive that
right ? It might be said he might be justified in to
doing because of the commitment of Don Miguel to
prison by his merciful father, and because of his in-
tended patricide; it might be said that such were the
views Stoop which his father had acted; but it seemed
to him (Sic James Macintosh) that there was an easier
way of 'swinish% the cimosastaace, by supposing that
the, Allied Powers bad agreed with Don Pedro to at-
image fen Pottugal is * way to preserve its safety, and
to maintain its positiess ; and that by that agreement it
was their ditty to Don Pedro to act so as net only to
preserve the peace of Portugal but the ram of Europe

—kbat they conceived it their My to do all that was
necessary for the performance of that contract, and that
open this principle they acted in reference toDonhliguel.
Why bad the Allied Powers a light to put tie question
to him as to how he intended to re.entes Portugal ? Wh)!
betadse he had no tigbt to returittoPortugel until he had
given a satisfotory answer. We perceived, then, that
the Allied Powers had been acting upon the loundation
of decrees and letters from Don P. dro, and that they
required Don Miguel Cu exercise the regency consti
tutionally in administering the affairs of Portugal, and
that if he did not agree so to act they would detain
him at Vienna until the ulterior determination of Don
Pedro. was made known. Could there be a better proof
*thee they acknowledged the right of Don Pedro to exer-
cise his power until his will was communicated to Don
Miguel? In consequence of this arrangenient, Don
Miguel wrote letters to his br..ther, accepting the
regency with gratitude, and stating that lie was going
to Portugal to support the constitution so graciously
and wisely granted by his brother. In the same strain
he wrote a letter to the King of Great Britain; in the
sine strain he addressed his Most Christian Majesty;
and, above all, in the same strain he wrote ta his sister,
the Infanta Mat ia, then Regent of Portugal, desiring
that his I tier might be made public, for the comfort
and satisfaction of the Portuguese people. Thus, then,
we had the obligation imposed upon Don Miguel, his
assurance that he would keep the pledge he had given,
mid we had his letter to his brother, in which he had tke
holiness, the perverted courage—there could be no
word to espiess the quality—the boldness or the
shamelessness to declare to the Empeior of Brazil
his determination to keep the Constitution as it then
existed, in pursuance cf an oath par mai jar?—by
me sworn. This oath he subsequently repeated,
endeavoured to lull the suspicions of his brothel
by the most solcnin assurances, and, on the faith of
those assurances, and by the tricks practised on the
Allied Powers, he was poi misted to return to P. rtugal
by the way of England—the Allied Powers agreeing
to help him by their councils, to assist him with means,
and to secure to him in every country a reception due to
his tank. Thus they enabled him to repair to Pottugal
—thus they put him in a situation which gave him power
to accomplish the usurpation he had since achieved.
Was it not evident, then, that if the Allied Powers bad
been gulled by this fraud--as it was plain they had
been—and were induced to I urnish him with the means
to accomplish the crime of usurpation, and the deg, a-
dation of the subjects of Portugal—and it they had
a tight to impose any condition, when, he would ask,
did the right to enforce it end ? If the Allied Powers had
a right to dictate, they had no right to desist when they
had placed in his hands the power of usurpation, and
the means cf acquiring that which he must have been
contemplating at the very moment he practised on diem
the grossest deceit. He (Sir J. Macintosh) felt loath to
occupy the time of the House, but he desired to have
the slightest speck of suspicion etased from the chat octet
of this country—he dewed it to be shown that nothing
had been left undone that could be done on the part of
Great Britain to preserve an ancient ally from the very
depth disgrace and degradation Thus.then,Don M ire!
was sent back to Portugal, and went there accompanied
by a Bs itish Ambassador. In consequence of the decision
of the Allied Powers no stopicion was entertained by
Don Pedro, who gave the most unequivocal proof that
such was the fact by sending over his daughter to
Europe. Now, although it had been a vet bal engage-
ment, of which no minute was taken by the Allies, it
became unquestionably binding upon individuals of
faith and honour, and that the breach cf it would
justify those Allies in subsequently acting. Upon the
principle that such engagement was binding Don Pedro
had acted—had committed the most important act he
could commit, by sending over his daughter to Europe.
Don Miguel then arrived at Lisbon, on the last day of
February, 1828, attended by Sir Frederick Lamb, as
Ambassador from his Britannic M +jetty; and a loan
was procured from this country, and under'the sanction'
of our Government. Under such circumstances he ar•
rived in Portugal. At this time Count Villa Flor, who
knew Don Miguel better than either Noce Metternich
or the British Ministers, apprehending *the consequences
that would result from his return, procured himself to
be appointed to the Embassy to Paris, with a view to
escape from the wolf, when he again visited his den;
but this it was presumed, at Austria, would give some
cause for suspicion, and letters were sent to the Count
from Vienna, entreating that be would remain at
his post, and assuring him that he had not the slightest
ground for fear, declaring at the same time that no
party in Portugal would be in any way oppressed.—
Count Villa Plor, under this assistance, continued to se-
main ; but, fortunately for himself, subsequently effected
an escape, when the plans of Don Miguel became tee
obvious to be mistaken. He (Sir James Macintosh)
felt it unnecessary to trace the various steps by
which Don Miguel effected his usurpation—they
were well known, and needed no farther explana-
tion; but he would proceed to notice the next find
basest of all his perjuries—the most shocking and
disgusting perjury that had ever, perhaps, been
committed—he meant the oath that Don Miguel had
pretended to take; but had slurred over in the presence
f the Corte,, when he appeared to swear, but muttered
over some words that actually meant nothing—thus
lulling his conscience, and thinking to escape its re-
proaches. Of all perjuries this was the basest—of all
perjuries this was the most infamous; because by it he
offered the grossest indignity to that sacred ordeal which
he pretended to venerate. Nothing was so Shocking,
nothing was so horrible. as that a member of one of the
noisiest families in Europe should, before his people and
in the presence of his Crows, commit a knavish trick of
which the vilest thiet at the bar of the Old Bailey
would be ashamed. He (Sir James Macintosh) could
scarcely find language in which to express his detesta-
tion of the base attempt on the part of the usurper, not
only to cheat his own conscience, but to cheat the
Searcher of all hearts. Yet this was done in the pre.
since of the representative of England, before the
Cortes, and before the leaders of the Constitutional
perty,iito soon felt the effects of the change. In March
he gave such evidence of his intentions, by dismissing
the Cortes, and proclaiming a Government different to
that he had sworn to support, that no doubt whatever
remained among the loyal subjects of Don Pedro as to'
his future acts. They were, therefore, justified in doing
all in their power to counteract his treasonable practices ;
and they might have succeeded but that an insurmouni..
able obstacle was suddenly placed inheir ways When
the British troops arrived in Portugal they had bp; ,one
direction, and that one was to guard the person of the
Regent. Their general direction was nom interference
there was but one exception, and that one was in favour •
of a man who was upon the verge of crime, upon the
track of usurpation. No &min the Constitutional party
could then have sent intelligence to the merciful brother of
Don Miguel, and have preserved the Constitution until'
they received the directions of DonPedro,..and thut hisve
followed up the instructions given by Prince Metternich;
but they learned,tbat the Etitisb army was only to re-
main in Portugal for three months. This was to be

considered In exceedingly unforttihite Citrate:lft"
but it ought to have had its effect upon the Bluish Go.
vernment. end to have made it consider it Its a duty to
we double caution in all its future proceedings with re.
gaid to Don Miguel and the affairs of 'Portugal. Sir
Frederick Lamb, as soon as he perceived the state of
thmrs that existed. retort:A to England, and returned
alone; but, unhappily, time had been afforded to
the usurper to remove all the officers of the gar.
rison of Lisbon, and to appoint deer the troops
the rebel and mercenary soldiers, whom, a awn
time before, the British rushy had driven out of the
country. Thus, then, the Allied Powers had given to
this man the power of usurping the throne of Portugal,
and of that power he had availed himself. To the un-
botulism blockade of Oporto he would not now refer.
But he would refer to some tithe events that followed
the usurpation. In consequence of these events a body of
royalist tramps escaped from Portugal, proceeded to WI
country and landed at Plymouth. It was highly Innente
able to that town that at a public me ming held their a tee
solution was passed declaratory of the gcod conduct of
thosellortugueee. and a petition was presented to his Nlae
jesty.enttratingthey might not re win away from oro,,ns
them. He (Sir James Macintosh) now approached the
consideration of an event on which ha could not reflect
without considerable pain. But he_ would first allude
to some negotiations that had taken place between sue
Government and the Brazdian Minister. At the period
to which. he alluded thee were in this country three'
persons 'cl;esming *to be the ienteeentatives of Beat)
and Portugal--the Marquis 13.rbacena, as guardian
to the daughter of Don Pedio; the Marquis hawk
as representative of Puttugal ; a.d the Vi%cfraor
bayonet, as the Ambassador from Brazil. All of thri•St
attempted to interfere in tetertnice to Donna Koiet
but the Marquis Patmella aas told. " We mega see
you in reterroce to the affairs of. Brae 1;" the Viscount.
baba y ana, " ‘Ve cannot ate you in tete, tore to the affaies
of Pot toga! ;" and the Marquis Barhacena, "We cannot
see you, because yon appear only as the representative
of the head of the house of Braga. za. Don Pedio, en
whom devolves the right of guardianship of his &ugh-
ter, for we deny that Don Pedro has a tight to inter-
fere as the bead of the house of &apnea, or as the
guardian of his daughter l' This, accoriing to a say.
ing used in law, when he (Sir J. M.) acted in the poles.
51 ~,, , was "sharp practice." and no precedent could be
quoted to defend the principle. A minor Queen was
told by a neutral or friendly Government, " We recng.
nice you as Queen, beet we will not acknowledge that
y Minister is entitled to act for you." This waste-
deed. placing a barren sceptre its her hand. Ile
natural dictates of common sense would have been. to
!save permitted any person appo;nred 'by her neutral
guardian to act for her. In a very niemorable case a
Slvereign of England, remarkably. jealous of her an.
Itity, and especially upon the subject to which he .
was about to refer, had, acted in a very different
manner—he alluded to Queen Elisabeth and. Liding.
ton, the Ambassador of the deposed Mary. Queen of
Scots. In this case Elizabeth waived the objection, and
treated with him as Ambassador several years; and it
was not until he engaged in a rebellion agatnst her
that she ceased to treat with him as an Ambassador,
imprisoned him for some time, and subsettuently
dismissed him. Queen Elizabeds took a very cliff:teat
pair from that pursued with reference to the Queen df
Portugal, in 'denying to Don Pedrir, orate lead of the •
house of .Bragat sa. -and the 'neutral guardian of his •
d slighter, the light to nominate her repreientative—
Queen Elizabeth treated with the Minister of a deposed
Queen. ,Its looking over the treaties, and they one
voluminous, indeed, he might, perhaps, be dis'posed.ts
say." It is not in the bond;" that there was tio parse-
tee on the part of our Government to give Milner y sue-
cour to Portugal; but it required only eierylittle par-
tiality to draw a very different conclusion, for we might
very easily suppose that Such a guarantee was meant, tor
it had amounted to an agreerrent withDoisPedrO that ha
ie ws shonld becarried ititoefftct,and it did imply a.right
and a duty on the parcof the Allied Powers to prevent
Don Miguel from accomplishing his ultimate object.—
Buv.he would only ask the Heise, whether these treaties,
so closely hot desing on a guaranteetreaties drat had I
continued between this country and-Portugal for up-
wards of 400 years, from Edward the Third down to
George the Fourth, had not encouraged the people of
Portugal and the friends of the Portuguese Constituting
to expect succour from Great Britain in the hour of
nted ? When be was told that there was no binding ef.
treaty with the people, he would say. that there could
be none; but acts which amounted to a promise, sad
exa ci men to hope for succour. was the only Tseaty
that could be entered into with a. people. He would
now proceed to notice that particular subject Which he
had a few moments since introduced—he referred to The
Pot tuguese troops that, escaping from the vengeance of
Don Miguel, had landed in England,' and remained at
Plymouth. A correspondence on this subject wit opened
between the Government and the Marquis de Pahrella
—an individual to whom be (Sir J. M.) was anxious to
do justice, and to state his belief that he was as excellent
a man as any in Europe, and than whom nu man was
less capable of practising deception., or acting in a
manner that was not petfectly honourable. The sob.
jeer of this correspondence originated in a wish that
those Portuguese troops should be separated from their
cfficers, and scattered through various towns in the
west of' England. New it. most have been acknow-
ledged on all hands that no one for' a moment enter•
rained any dread that those iitiops threatened the tran-
quillity of this souutty or the safety of Portugal. The
piopotal, however, for their dispersion, was made, ha E
which the Marquis Paimekla suited that, in preference
so dividing the Officers (tomtite troops, and thus am
nibilating the last troops of Vonna. Maria, he weak! 1.
wish them to be sent to Brazil.. This statement was I
made on the 20th of November. From that period esti
the 13d of December the Marquis Pahnella framed hie
request in regard to the Portuguese troops so as to poke
out Brasil as the place of their destination. And why
did he do so? Becausein the Island of Terceira, which,
in the month of June, had proclaimed Dun Pedro,
September there had been an insurrection, and Doe
Miguel had beta proclaimed; but on the fourth d
December that insurrection had been suppressed, fader
had been restored, and the legal authorities had pry
Claimed Donna Maria. On the 23d of December*
Marquis Palmella had received the information, and& 4;
now requestecileave to alter his original determinating j
and to send the troops to that island. He (griming
Macintosh) mentioned these dates because they wereLf
importance. The Marquis Palmella then chard 101
destination of the troops, and stated, as his rump for
so doing, an event that' hid recently comma is
the island' of Terceira. He (Sir James Macietoe)
bad a large body of documents relative to this
circumstance, and among them was the Proclamatio
4PDOnnkMariit. Sy these documents it apeeliedtbsi
•
. ihhough the Pilbliciseadt had been for a short 10
disgibed, from December-the authority of Donna 11#0
ria liidbeen recognised. He did not mesa to ttP
[that'll guerilla care two Alight pot .hide insurer./ tit.
[create disturbance; but these was certainly no preen

for mainliioang that the Wand was net tranquil, or that
the authority of Donna Maria was not filly recog-
nised. 'Under and circumstances the Marquis Pal-
*ells supposed that no reasonable objection could be
'Urged against the removal of the Portuguese troops to
Terceira—a territory which acknowledged her Sove-
reignty. The movement was one of a perfectly pacific
nature, and in no way violating that neutrality
Which Great Britain thought right to preserve.
tinder these circumstances to send troops there appeared
so him (Sir James Macintosh) to be no more a breach
of neutrality than for us to send troops from one parish
'to another. The language was certainly used that we
would not suffer any attack to be made upon the Azores ;
but the course to be pursued had ref rence only to Ter-
ceira, then under the dominion of Donna Maria. It
was said the troops possessed a hostile character; but
they went there even without arms—they went to gar.
soon a portion of the territory of Donna Maria.
ear, supposing that the embarkation of these troops
were a breach of neutrality, did it follow that the
thitish Government was justified in pursuing them
beer the world for that imagined breach of neutrality
that we might have been justified in preventing in our
own land? We Might prevent or permit a breach of
neutrality in our own dominions, but we were not justi•
fled in following those troops to within gunshot of their
own dominions. The House will please to consider the
condition in • which the faithful Portuguese subject.
have been placed, the title of Regent bad been rejected
by Don Miguel, nor was the rejection to be wondeted
at. And what would be the advantage of an amnesty
made with him, or what would such an amnesty be,
and where would be the security for its continuance?
What could be expected of the man who commanded
the late executions at Oporto? What security could be i
offered for the man who had scourged Portugal as it had
been by the Ministers of Don Miguel? The only security
that could be given were the rights of the Constitution—
the sole advantage from an amnesty would be to give the
daughter of Don Pedro the worst husband in Europe, and
to join her to one whose hands were imbrued with the
blood of her subjects. An innocent girl, of the most
tender years, would thus be entrusted to the mercy of,
one whom the Powers of Europe had pronounced un-
worthy to reign. lf, under the circumstances, Don
Pedro contented himself with protesting against the
. usurpation of his daughter's sights—if, having no hope
from the Governments of Europe, he was determined to
await the progress of events, as d th it Donna Maria was
to return under his own case, he (Sir J. Macintosh)
should not wonder at his adopting such a course, and
could not but sympathise in his teeth iv; but he had un-
derstood that two great Powers I a t interfered to prevent
Dcos Pedro from being precipitate upon that point; and
he hoped that therwould consider that Portugal could
never bete tored to the condition of an indepens eat coon-
try without an arrangement of its constitutional rights,
and whether Don Pedro's claims night not be adjusted
without the horrible sacrifice of his daughter. He hoped
that these great Powers would take the opportunity of
acting on the principle of their right to require that Don
Miguel. should give up the claim he had obtained by a
fraud practised upon them. It was his intention to re-
Praia from any panieolar observations as tothe inter-
ruptions offered to the Portuguese ships. Upon that
subject he anticipated full and satisfactory informa-
tion horn Government. He referred to it with a view
to obtain an explanation, and if he seceeeded in his
object, he should consider himself amply rewarded.
He could not help aging. however, alit he wished
these soldiers of Donna Maria had not been reduced to
the necessity of showing the Court of France the wodnds
they bad received from the arms of their ancient
allies. He wished that an alliance 'which had existed
for five centuties had not closed. as he feared the
alliance between England and Portugal would now
close, in a scene of misery. With regard to the in
terroprion of The ships, he thought the capture of
the Spanish frigates in 1805 was more justifiable,'
yet there wets few rose Englishmen who would not
wish that eve,* to be effaced from their . hi-tory. The
presets stated' Portugal left this country iu the strange
poaition'of being obliged to guarantee the territory of
a nation unfriendly to it. There were two parties in Poe.'
tegal. the Absolutists and the Constitutionalists. The
first Of these were enemies to Britain, and there was
nothing to disarm them—they hated this land of liberty.
by a native of which the Constitetion was sent to Poe.
tugalooder the administration of Mr. Canning. He
would not mention the insults that had been offered to
•Englishnien at Lisbon and Madeira, for the purpose ri
complaining of the Government. He had a high
. esteem foe the Noble Lord at the head of the Foreign
Affairs, and he was sure there was no man n.ore
anxious to discharge his official duties cm scaly ; but he
must tall upon the Hahne to observe the hatred enter.
tamed by the Absolutists for every Engli.hnian, and
every thing that savoured of English extraction, in con-
sequence of the institutions of this country being op
posed to their system of petty despotism. On the
other hand, the Constitutionalists were, from the *onto e
of their principles, friendly to this country. But while
the Ab °lutists leaked to Spain for assistance, their op-
ponents were obliged to look to the constitutional 1
opposition of France and England, whiCh by its alliance I
was bound to all, bad lost oil. The people of Portugal
were no fiends to Banal°, and yet England was forced
to guarantee the territory of that nation. In hi. opi-
nion the time bed now vine when the defensive system
of Pt:rouge' should be denounced, and the commercial
system founded on she principles of Mr. Cannir g.Thosi
who acquiesced in the gover ti anent of DOnNliguel created
no passing danger, but beacquiescing in and submit ing
to on ewe Wed Govet eicest, they placed this count; y in
a state of continual danger, greater than could have
been contemplated by any treaty of alliance- It this
mom, had lost the hearts of the Portuguese, it had no
right toeneuniber itself with the defecate of their territory.
He *geld now conclude his long address by alluding
to mini connected with hopes too rudely crossed.
, On the 7th of' Mayobean three weeks ago, et Oporto,
1 ten Gentlemen had been murdered with the 'forms
of law, because, on the 16th of May, 1828, they
bad toliowed the example of England and Austria,
t" tatrtothlllig of Prussia and Prance, in treating Don
IffigiM es an today/tut Sovereign. That was their
_ crime, and two, with a pretended pardon, were se-
served for more protracted sufferings. One was sent
.-to the sallies at Goa to undergo a lingering death,
arid another. wee !rat brother to the Portuguese AM-
•hestedor at Brussels, was condemned to hard labour for
life. Before receiving the punishment allotted to them,
they were compelled to witness the murder of their
friends. The citizens of Oisprto were muck with horror
it taeie inhasnan intl. What, on the 16th Say. Mk
had beew the siteation of tbe individual doemetil to Miff?
yotting it in the light most favenrableto Din Migaell
the ace id what:they hod joiaed wee isee * stbettiessooit
war a civil war.:4-c tosaliewos a diimiiid sacsessioss,i on
iilleda a mak* Wei.d Oe/lede Pets* IDA** aficetsvardifiti
a moat), of stillness sod security tisk tett have itecebest
sae ttgEr, lie 'grilled. of their Wood.' 014 originate
in the mere instinct tif -, ee *or s leis& tire airy':
eelpaii, it *a Deana ' oft t*' . .iflinfred ever

t
c

vd
tr
Id

kb-
ist
leis*
the
,w-

[CP
in-

the fee of the mirth? No l It wait deliberate deflate.
of the Powers of lorope, eittillited it potting men to
death for having planned resistance to a thsoluticrn that
had canted the reptesentatives of these Powers to fly
from Lisbon as if it had been a city of the plague. The
xecution in effigy had thus been attempted of all the
Sovereigns of Europe that had disclaimed the authority
from which the sufferers sat Opotto had revolted. It
was virtually declaring that it would lead to the
slaughter of all who recognised the principle of the
great Powers of Europe. The usurper, in fact, an-
nounced that he would force his way with murder, and
hold up bloody hands, telling the Sovereigns who
had refused to acknowledge his claims. that he scorned
their judgment and defied their power—(Hear). The
Right Hon. Gentleman concluded with moving for
copies and extracts of communications concerning the
relation; between this country and the Queen of Portu-
gal, illustrative of the several topics alluded to in his

sly •ch.
The SPEAKER having put the question,
Mr. Secretary PEEL rose and said, the Right Hon.
Gentleman had concluded his able speech by the men-
tion of the sufferings of persons in Oporto, but he was
confident no sympathy with those sufferings, no indig-
nation at those severities, would draw the attention of
the House from the public policy of this country as it
regarded its conduct towards Portugal. Most sincerely
did he unite in the hope of the Right Hon. Gentleman,
that this country might long be able to enjoy the bless-
logs of peace, that the passion of peace might prevail,l
and he hoped the increase of knowledge would tend
to raise the estimation of a state of peace in preference
to a state of war. He hoped he should not be mistaken as
di.trusting the power of this country to equal her former
achievements in war, if war was necessar►. He admitted

the antiquity of our alliAnce with Portogal, with whom
we were often united in the field of bat:. and of victory.

The Treaties with Portugal bound this country to pro-
tect the territory of Portugal from foreign aggression,
but there was nothing in their letter or spirit that
bound us to the guarantee of her political institutions.
Since isgo, many applications had been made by
parties in power in Portugal to have their political
institutions guaranteed by this country, but the
uniform answer of every Administiation was, that
England would not interfere in the internal affairs
of any other country. In the year 1826, it was true
England did send an army to Portugal, but nothing
could be more express than Mr. Canning's declaration
at the time, that the army Was not sent tot internal in=
terference, but to secure Portugal from the danger of
foreign invasion. That being the rule of English policy,
there was nothing in the case of Don Miguel's usurpa-
tion to make her depart from it. Mr. Canning felt that
Si Charles Stuart having brought the Consti union for
Portugal from Brazil, might cause it to be supposed
that we were a p irty to that Coostitution, w!iich was,
in fact, formed without our knowledge, and he A Jdi esse..l
a circular letter, disclaiming any participatoos i i it,. to
all the Courts of Europe; and lest the people of Port u-
eat should suppose that England was a party to it, Sir
Charles Stuart, alter he had delivered it, was recalled
from Lisbon. He would readily admit that England
had, in conjunction with Austria, endeavunred to im-
.press on Don Miguel the necessity of his faithful fulfil-
ment of the obligations he lad undertaken as Regent;
but it dirt not follow that we were bound to use force
to compel his per formance. It was no part of his duty
to vindicate Don Miguel, but the crimes laid to his
charge were for the consideration of the people of Portu-
gal, and not for that of the Government of this country.
The Hon. Gentleman argued that England and Austria
ought to have threatened Don Miguel until he consented
to do justice to Donna Maria; but it would be unworthy
of England to offer a single dims, unless she was pre-
pared to follow up her threats, it necessary, by the con-
quest (if Portugal for Donor Maria. It would be neither'
just nor politic to make war upon Portugal, to place a
Soar' eign upon the throne, whom, according to present
appearances, they were riot very anxious to have. It
was to be regretted that Don Mt. uel should have broken
that faith which he had so sole s nty pledged; but that
was no reason why England si.ould interfere with the
internal affairs of Portugal. He begged to remind the
Right Hon. Gentleman, that Don Miguel was not King
against the inclination of the people. There oas an
insurrection in the North, t ut it filed, which seemed
.to
stow that there was no decided dis nclination to his
Government. Bowyer shamefully he might have
broken his engagements, it would be neither prudent nor
just for England to make war %l .on Portugal on that
account. The Right Hon. Gen leman then alluded to
the transactions at the Island of Terceira. The Por-
tuguese who were defeated in the North, received All
ass lum in Plymouth to the number of about 4,000.—
It was true that, on the 28J 01 D:cember, the Marquis
Barbacena applied for permission to have these troops
embarked for the island of Terceira, but it was inti•
mated to hint that England could not permit troopi to
embark on a hontle expedition from any of her ports..
Terceira was one of the Azores, and at this period i
civil di•sentinn prevailed there. He did not pretend'
to say that any great danger was to he apprehended
from permitting those men to remain in Plymouth;
hut the House must see that it would he at least
highly imprudent to allow them to continue as a
military body, Occupying a most important station.
The only thing desired was, that the Officers and
men might fie separated, and that they would sta-
tion themselves in the adjacent parts of the country.
Was it honourable to let a people with whom we were
not at war see a military force fitting out against them
in an English hat boor? Was it consivent, that when
this country was in a state of peace, they should suffer
five transports to be lying off Plymouth, to be sent out
against a country with whom we wete not at war?—
Notice was given to the Marquis de Palmella that these
emigraps must not rem sin in a military position, and
that they must separate the officers from the men. The
answer was, that rather than alter their military cha•
ratter they would go to Brazil. The Government said
they did not wish them to go to Brazil, but they sh:,uld
throw no obstruction in the way. If they would Kos
the Government would supply them with convoy. The
offer of convoy was declined, and it was then intimated
to the Marquis de Palmella that Plymouth could not
be a port of equipment for hostile foreigners. The Right
Hoo. Gentleman had said an application was made for
a body of unarmed men to go to Terceira. It was true
they were said to be unarmed, but if they had been per.
milted to go to Terceira, every object to be gained by
armed ales would have been accomplished. The Right
Hon. Gentleman was sorry to be under the necessity of
stating tarts, hut it was necessary for the justification of
the Government with which he was connected. At an
'early period. of these saisoactions, viz. on the 15th of
Asigmit,. 1898, which is much earlier than the matters
to which reference has been made in the course of the
!debate, kW they occurred in the October and Decem-
'bet of that yeas', Viscount Itabayana, the Brazilian Mi-
nisters. opisesed.to lord Aberdeen for permission to said
111* beset!, et popowder and 1,100 muskets to Bra-
ila., b t lifailho *igate called the Isabel. Lord
Legge* Nii..dioiltt would be given provided the

ants weft dot to be employed in promoting dissension
in Potlukal. If the•Yimperor if Brazil made war, the
British Government would suppOrthis belligerent rights,
but they would not consent to dismember Portugal.—
Viscount Itabaydna gave a precise assurance that the
arms were not to be used •tor the purpose of civil dis-
sension. The Emperor of Brizil, he said, lamented
the misfortunes of Portugal, and it was his desire to
avoid taking up arms against her. Lord Aberdeen
then gave permission to send the arms and gunpowder,
but notwithstanding the assurance he had received,
the whole was sent to Terceira—(Hear, hear). When
application was made for the Portuguese emigrants
to go to Terceira, the Government said, “You have
deceived us. We have positive information that the
Isabel frigate, with the arms and gunpowder,
instead of going to Brazil, went to Terceira." The
Government felt it to be their duty to refuse permis-
sion to these unarmed men railing from Plymouth
to Terceira. They did subsequently sail from Plymouth
with false clearances. The clearance of the vessels pur-
ported to be for Gibraltar,Virginia. Rio de Janeiro, and
various other places, but the vessels did repair to Ter-
ceira. TheßiglitHon.Gent.calied upon the House to con-
sider and decide with reference to this particular case,
and the whole of the tran.actiun, whether it would have

been conbi%tent for a country like England to permit a
military party to carry arms against Poitugal, with
whom we were not at war ? We had interiupteJ our

diplomatic relati.ns, boesse had at the same tioie our
commercial relations withPortuzal.Brazil also continued

her con►mercial 'dawns with Portugal. It was under
those circumstances the duty of Government to inquire
by whom were these troops s-nt. The made inquiry and
found they were not the troops of Brazil. L Strang•
ford was at this moment at It* de Janeiro to effect an

amicable arrangement •between the Emperor mid Por-
tugal. The st,surence they received from the Emperor
D.in Pedro left no room tor the most dist Ant idea

that he would attack Portugal. It was consequently
clear to the Government that the arnram=•nt MAI

fitted out by a private party hostile to Portugal.—
Treaties were in existence between England and Por-
tugal, which we expected to see observed, and surely
Portugal had a right to look for the same obterv•
ante on the part of England. In addition to the
troops at Plymouth they *received . three hundred Ger-
mans enlisted in the North of Europe, as a reinforce-
went of the body in England. The House would not
admit that the ports of England were to be Made sub-
ject to the hostile views of private individuals. What
was the case when the Portuguese Refugees encamped
on the Spanish frontier ? This country thought it
'was the intention of the Refugees to invade Porto
fal, and insisted upon the separation of the officers
rom the men. That order was enfofced by an
army of five thousand men. Motives of policy
requited that Enaland should not allow her ports
to be the arena fur the quarrels of other countries.—
When the thing was permitted it was a breach
of neutrality. It was a just cause of war if .we
made oor ports an encampment for the enemies of
* country with which we were at peace. When
it was found there was an endeavour to deceive, and
intimation was made that armed vessels would be em
ployrd to prevent the intentions of England being
evaded, it would appear upon the face of the whole
transaction that the honour of England had been ad-
vanced by not allowing her prats to be made favourable
to the hostile efforts of foreigners. The attempt to land
at Terceira had been made in direct epposito-n to the
known intentions of the Government. The officer em-
ployed to prevent the landing at Terceira did not inter fere
until notice had been given to the parties, and that no-
tice had been disregarded by landing of ay.!). A shot
was then fired which w.f.°, innately killed one seaman.
He had no hesitation in stating to the Right Honour.
able Gentleman that he would accede to his motion,
arid consent to give every paper which could be made
public with dui regard' to the interest of Portugal. If
the Right Honourable Gentleman woad (neve tot do-
cuitents actor ding to the notice in the paper, everyinaformation' that could explain the telatians of this coun-
try towards Patugal would be wi,lin4ly given by his
Majesty's Gni ernrnettr.
Mr. BROUGHAM wished,to'prevent the pos,ibility
'of the slightest idea going forth that there was a desire
on the. part of his Right Honourable 'Friend to main-
tain the doctrines imputed to him by the Right lion.
Gentleman. He admitted that a Governmenensigfit'be
plunged in such a state of anarchy that it might be ne-
cessary f-r the British Government to avoid giving en-
couragement to one party more than another. and ob-
serve a strict neutrality; • but he should contend that
the principle of non interference had been departed from
ir, this care. After the' steps taken by the British
Government in the affairs of Portucal, they were
bound to interfr re. He did not mean to say they
were ender the necessity of breakii-g the peace by
military interference; but the question was, whether
we should not have interfered in the way of amity by
their Consuls, in order to effect that object winch they
had b.eu striving for, namely, conciliar nos ? There had
been an interference in the affairs of Portugal. Sir C.
Stuart, our Ambassador at Brazil, had, with our con-
currence, acted as Miaister from Brazil to Portugal.—
That was an interference en the part of this country. It
was not a military interference. -but such a proceeding
as involved this country in the affairs.of Portugal. Sir
C. Stuart so far interfered as to consult Don Pedro on
the formation of a Constitution. The advice of this
country was then sent over to Portugal, .callina ors
them -to accept the proposed Cobstitution. Did it
ro,t then follow that when those who suffered for
taking our advice required assistance,
.that we should
have rendered it, not by sending fleets and armies,
but by amicable interference? What right had
we to go out of our own quarters to attack Terceira 3.
His Right Honourable Friend had hut been understood.
His Right Honourable Friend admitted that it was the
right of the Government to disarm an embattled body
ot.foreigners in an English port, but he was -desirous of
:knowing what right Government had to attack an ex-
pedition on the high sea? What right they had to say
to the emigrants you shall not go to Terceira ? They
had a right to say you shall not remain hem., but no
right to say you shall go to Brazil and no other place.
Portugal was under Donna Maria, whom we ac-
knowledged.. Don Miguel was a Governor there by
some title which it was our duty to examine. He was
not there as King.de facto. If he was King of Portugal
the more the pity. Without any wish, to pars unmerited
censure, he should only say. that the cruelty and
tyranny of Miguel had been inadequately stigmatised.
He was distinguished as much by meanness as.cruelty,
and would be long considered the worst of. monsters.
Whilst Miguel remained in his own country and did
not proceed beyond its bounds; there might be no
further inquiry about him, except holding him a
Usurper, and the acknowledgment of another as Queen ;
but the moment he broke thole bounds, be made it
the duty of every one to investigate his title. The
:Usurper had gone beyond his-bounds in the invasion
et Terceira. In - that transaction be appeared a
false usurper—the miscreant -described by his Right

(lon. Friend. 'He was not King tie feet), nor had he
any tight at Terceira. Queen Dolma Matta rules there.
Why then were the emigrants not allowed to go to Ter.
ceira? It could only be because Dun Miguel did not
wish them to go these. This country had refused to let
the subjects of Donna Maria go there, and it was said
that refusal was necessary to avoid war. He admitted
that writing should drag the country improperly into
war, which for half a century had been the scourge of
the world. He rej iced to find that feelings against
war were mutual in this country and France. Still
he considered that the Government of. this country
had improperly interfered at Terceira. It never be-
longed to Don Miguel. They were Donna Maria's sub.
jects, wanting to go home to their Queen's country,
and England said, No; you shall not go there, because
Don Miguel, who has no fight to Terceira, says you
shall not go. That was not all. We lotion ed them to
the waters of Terceira. and refused to let them land.
There wa. no law to justify the ships of this country
following emigrants on tie high seas, but we had not
only stopped them on the high seas, but fired upon them
in the waters of •Terceira, where they were going as
subjects of the. Queen of -Portugal, acknowledged by
this country. This he considered an improper inter-
ference in favour of Miguel.
Mr. HUSKISSON gave his entire support to Go-
vernment in its ',sten-ion to preserve peace. He knew
that with the desire to maintain peace they were pie-
pared to support the honour of the country by war, if
war should be unavoidable. He considered the que,-
Linn relating to our interference in the affairs of Pot tug al
one of great difficulty. It had been occasioned by tLe
necessity of the Royal Family of Portugal to migrate
in 1807 to Brazil. This country interposed to procure
the independence of Portugel. At the separation of
the Iwo countries no provi.ion was made for the suc-
cession. • Don Pedro made choice of Brazil as his do-
minions, making his (imaginer Queen of Portugal. It
was no wonder, in one of the oldest Monarchies of the
world, as Portugal was, that a new Constitution should
produce agitation. Sir Charles Stuart, without the
orders of Government, was the bearer of the new. Con-
stitution of Portugal • but when the Government of this
country heard the fact, Mr. Canning communicated
to the principal Courts of Europe that E.igland was no
party to it. This country did not give any advice to the
Government of P rtugal respecting the Constitution.
They did not interfere, as the Honourable and L-arneri
Member had stated. They said to Portugal, if you
adopt the Constitution take it on your own discre-
tion, arid England will not corn. lain. If you refute
it, England will still n.aintain her commercial re-
lations with you. The policy tt England was to
reconci.e all possible grounds of dissention between
Portugal and the whir cts of the Queen of that country.
orn, the moment the Consttu lon was amp eclevery
state in. EuroFe rec.rgnised Donna Maria as the legiti-
mate Queen of Portugal. Don Miguel himself solemnly
sub.ciitted to the Constitution, and England proved
that the trusted be would fulfil his promises. Under
the interference of England Dorsi a Maria became the
aIE 'need bride of DonMuguei ; and it was supposed that
when he attained the age of 2.5 he would become the
Constitutional Regent t f Portugal. In such a character
ant Miguel arrived in this country, and was received
with all the honours due to the representative of our
closest and oldest ally. As soon as he had cot rupted
the Pottuguese army, too prone to corruption, he dis-
Missed our troops sent for the inotection of the
new Government, and got rid of out fl et from the
Tagus. Having, succeeded in these, the money of
England was saved; but perfidy and atrocity in-
crea.ed, and a disrespect to the Crown of England
was the result. The Crown s.f E inland. in its cor-
porate capacity, was itrulted. as public' grounds
they were arguing this question, and while the Go.
vernmcnt sit Enel.ind was 'dealing with Miguel on
such. terms, and that the motives' of our G eminent
(Faling with such forbearance towards him were
mistaken, let it be known that it was only •in con.
sequence of his insignificance. Ile slid not say that
in consequence or all these indignities England should
make ear with Portugal, whatever the tyranny might
be which he exercised over the people of that
country. Miguel by an act of areason' usurped the
throne of Portugal, ind it because the duty of England
at least to spark his course with every possible repro-
bation. He feared, nevertheless, that the moral influence
of Europe, by remaining passive, ea, in fariour of
his usurpation, and therefore he deprecated it. And
why ? Because the other countries of Europe un-
fortunately took the tone horn England, arid silent:y
adm.tred the usurped in of that tyrant7-(Hear, heal ).
The interests of humanity—the honour of Thrones—
all the rel.': sans of civil Ltd lite required—that cold
blooded cruelty a. d inlam:ius tyranny dernarsee.l the
expression ref saw utter abhorrence of his indescribable
oppresann with respect to the expedition to Terceira.
The Brazilian Authorities were ignorant of the lan, or
no communication.mold have bean necrss.ry a. to
whether forces or amenuritii n were sent them or not.
This country recognised the legitimacy of the Queen of
Portugal, and said sl her troops fired upon that Island
Miguel should have the roght of blockade, and a sight
to interfere. Deception was practised in sotr.e way
or other; but until all the documents were before
the House, he was inclined to suspend his opinion.
He wished Don Migriel•to be malice.' by the House.
and stigmatised, as be no cli-uht would be by all
posterity. The object of our troops being sent to
Portugal was to prevent aggression on the part of Sdain.
but not interfere as between the Portuguese people. lie
hoped, when the subj ct .came neat under diScussiois.
that some poi:its not sadifaewrily ezplaiiied now, would
be fully accounted tor.
Mr. If. GURNEY deprecated the incestuous marriage of Don
Dliguel and his niece.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said that the British Governm,nt gave an
countenance to any such marriage—neither would they at any
future time do so.
Lord PALMERSTON said be was glad that the
subject had bet n at last brought before the nbtree r
the House, inasmuch as the discussion rit to night would
show to the world the feelings with which the tyrannies
of Miguel—his breaches of faith—his, indiserinsinate
crueltiii—his entire abandonment of every mural and
politiCal duty, had met with the reprobation of every
man who had ri voice to lift in the cause of fair dealing
and humanity.. He admitted-that,. upon •geneeel pen,-
ciple. we were no: bound. to interfere with the internal
regulation of other States; but ay regarded Erglated, the
foice of treaties bbund us to act otherwise with re-pest
to Portugal; -and he only tVatedthit we had ac ed on
the ',Hong side. It wet *Considered to be the privilege' of
England to interfere with theinteenal affairs of *Portie-
gal ; and, in proof of that .fact, be.seoulal
sayorby, had
a Portuguese Sovereign issued a psocbrintarionAll bat NOP
jects from the deck of a British ruisjaast tem? Ant.A.Pos
were to be considered of no avail, What was ta Isiscoase.if
the promises made by Don Miguel atVienna? Why,evelay
'subsequent act of his usurpation mado Oad avo; se. 4:1.1
tyranny still morityrinuous. Whaievse our course hap 7
pened to be, no attention was paid to our remonstiancts.
British subjects were maltreated—England was so far
insulted—Miguel betrayed his duty—ube forfeited his

mk_
