SOUTHWARK ELEC'

"lON-FOURTH DAY.

A 6

5;•3
2&)
245

3?6
311

At the close of Poll at Four o'Clock, the nuialwls
were as follow :

Harris, 1462 I Wilson, 1257 I Calvert, 894.
During the last hour die polling was very brisk, and a numerous
body of persons, styling themselves Druids, came to the poll, and
gave Sir Robert Wilson, who is the Patron of the Druids' Schuol,
plumper:.
It will be seen that Calvert is 568 behind Harris, and it was re.
ported last night that he had, or would resign the contest.
After the numbers had been declared, the standard bearers came
as usual with their boards to the Hustings, when a general amid(
was made on Calvert's boards, which welt quickly demolished be-
fore his face.

The Candidates then addressed the Electors.
Mr. CALVERT, in answer to a suggestion from the successful
Candidate (Mr. Harris) to resign, said there were between three and
four thousand voters in the Borough, of whom only a comparatively
small number had polled. He had been asked to withdraw, but hr
knew the feeling of the people of the Borough, and when the fer-
ment against hint had subsided, he should see whethet success was
hopeless. In case of necessity he should resign, and express his
thanks to the electors for the support they had afforded hint during
SO many years.
Sir R. WILSON, in his address, said he did not fear a &fca•.
His hope was they would come up to the poll and return him as
their palladium to the House of Commons.
The election was then adjourned to this day.
DOVER ELECTION.

A violent clamour has been raised against Sir John Rae Reid,
alleging that he is a slave proprietor, and that he is consequently
hostile to the emancipation of the Negroes. Sir John publ:rhed a
contradiction of the allegation, but to a certain extent the clareour
was successful, and operated partially to his prejudice. Or.c of the
many expedients resorted to for this purpose was a croup repre.
senting a Negro family being led in chains through the man. A
blacksmith, we believe, personated the male slave, and thee.
others to represent his wife and children, with their skins blacks and
with paint and grease, in negro complexion ; and after parading
the town, clanking their chains, and displaying the most abject
signs of bondage, escorted by the opposing party, the mimic Negro..
were placed upon the hustings, and NIL lialcomb sapped
up, provided with a key, with which he opened the padloek. at d
gave liberty to the slaves. belittle spectacle was well got up, me
negroes* supplication and gratitude were well enacted, end the
mimic emancipator was loudly cheered by his friends, and by o:h, tie
he was heartily laughed at. Some violent feelings were manifested
by the mob, some stones were thrown, and the hustings were assaili d
for demolition ' but one or two of the ringleaders were taken, aril
peace was restored
Monday the state of excitement was much increased. Sir Jehn
Reid was hit with a stone on the hustings. but fortunately he re-
ceived no injury. The following was the state of the poll at tic
close :—Sir John Rae Reid, WS ; C.Y. Thou p.on, :VI; J. Hal-
comb, 7114.
WOODSTOCK ELECTION, Au° est. 2.

The Candidates for the apresentation of this Borough were o.e
Marquis of BLANDWOYD, his brother, Lord Curstc tit Lt.. and W.
M. 1 OLLYSR, ell. The latter Gentleman wao brought titivated by
the London Electors, to oppose Lord Cirracuti.t.; but he twill;
unable to arrive at Woodstock until the 'nothing of pol Unit, vie
the 31st ult. the Mecums residetst, despairing of Ms. Tcutsria's
arrival, promised their votes. Mr. Tor.t.wEtt having, thirstily%
received their pledges of support on any future occasion, leg the
place early, and the Marquis and Lord Cuuncutu. were emu.
quently returned.
WENDOVER ELECTION.

The two members elected fur this borough are Samuel SinP!.,
Esq. and A. Smith, Esq. brother and otpliew of land Carring.er,
who has held the exclusive patronage for the lust tear -jeers OA
the present occasion his rositinees were oppascd by \Valiant
Esq. the late Attormy-fieneral of Jamaica, supported the Mar.
gull of Chondoss wbo bar renperty in the l.tanogb, aid rolort.i
Camac. The elee ion ttrminated on Saturday, when the state ei
the poll was as follows :
Samuel Smith, Esq ... norge. ......
A. Smith, Esq
The elected 31entbers are of t.e hanking.hemse hint .1 Srni:l;,
Payne, and Smiths, and advocate the aboiMon of -Lye'''. ta..
perabundance of anti-slavery tracts were circulatal doting ti.e
contest.
