RICH WHEEL FOR THE LAST DAY OF
DRAWING.

SALES BY A UCTION,

CIARROLL, the Contractor, begs to inform the
Public, that the last and only Day of Drawing is
THURSDAY, 20th DECEMBER,
When all the Prizes in the present Rich Wheel must be
Drawn, viz.
ONE of £30,000!

BROMPTON-ROW, KNIGHTSBRIDGE.
ELIGIBLE LEASEHOLD ESTATE.
By Mr. ROBINS,
• (Of Warwick-street, Goldcn-sliare,)
At °areaway's Coffee-house, 'Change-alley, C.orahM, To-moo.
ROW, December 15, 1821, at Twelve &Clod',
AN Eligible LEASEHOLD ESTATE, hdd for
an unexpired term of forty-two years, at a Ground-rent
of is. per Annum ' • comprising a Dwelling-house, situate at the
West end of Bromptoo-row, in the occupation of Mrs. Or.o-
-*lmo, with an inclosed Garden in from to the road, and a
' small Cottage at the back, lit the occupation of Air. R. Harris,
at Rents amounting to £54 per Aein.
To be viewed by applying to the Tenants ; of whom Particu-
lars may be had ; at the Crown and Sceptre, Brampton-row ;
of Messrs. Still, Strong, and Rackham, Solicitors, Lincoln's Inn ;
at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robins, Warwick.atrect, Golden-
square.

2 • . - ,25,000
1 2,000
1 1,000
3 500
a
goo
With a multitude of Inferior Prises of £lOO, £5O, £4O, £3O,

.
£25, &c. &c. nuking less than Two Blanks to a Prize.
Tickets and Shares are selling at CARROLL's truly For-
tonste Ofices, 19, CORN H ILL, and 22, OXFORD-STREET,
where he Sold in Shares, the Second Day of Drawing, (Nov.
20th), N 0.11,486, a Prize of 130,000.

SALES 'BY AUCTION.

NMI T M A N-SQU A RR,
Corner of Upper Berkeley-street. •
DESI RA BLE RESIDENCE,
With Offices, Coach-house, and Stable.
By Mr. ROBINS,
COf Warwick-street, Golden-square),
At Garraway s Coffee-house, 'Change-alley, Cornhill, Taxon-
*ow, December 13, at Twelve o'Clock,
AVERY Desirable LEASEHOLD ESTATE,
comprising a spacious Family Residence, situate in Port-
man-square, at the corner of Upper Berkeley-street ; planned for
the accommodation: of a Gentleman's Family; containing, on the
Upper Floor, four Servants'-rooms. On the Second Story, four
principal Bed-chambers, with Closets, Water-closet, &c. On
the First Floor, two elegant Drawing-rooms, communicating by
folding-doors, handsomely fitted up windows to the floor, open-
ing to Balconies; Bed-chamber, Sec. Ground Floor, a paved
Entrance-hall, with a fireplace and Porter's Sleeping-room, prin-
cipal stone and secondary Staircase, a commodious Dining-par-
lour, Breakfast-room, Water-closet, &c. an open Yard at the
back. The Basement contains a well-arranged suit of Domestic
Offices, Wine, Me, Beer, and Coal-cellars, Areas, and numerous
conveniences; a double Coach-house, Stable, &c.
To be viewed by Ticket. Particulars may be had on the
Premises ; of Messrs. Kaye, Freshfield, and Kaye, Solicitors,
Bank-buildings; at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robins, Warwick..
street, Golden-square, of whom Tickets for viewing may be had.

BROMPTON,
Within a Mile of Hyde PA-corner.
DESIRABLE RESIDENCE,
re-ground, Coach-house, and beible, enclosed by
walls and folding-gates.

By Mr. ItOBI NS,
(Of Warwick-street, Golden-square,)
At Garraway's Coffee-Howie in 'Change-Ailey, Cornhill, To.
stoasow, ti.e 13th of ember, at Twelve o'Clock,
ADESIRABLE LEASEHOLD ESTATE, cont•
prising a very eligible Family Residence, convesdently
planned, and adapted with every convenience for a Gentleman's
Family, situate at Brompton one mile from Hyde Park-corner,
enclosed by a wall, with folding-gates, Pleasure-ground, laid out
in Lawn, Gravel-walks, and planted with Fruit and Forest,.
trees, Shrubs, and Flowers ; containing, on the Upper Floor,
four excellent Bed-chambers and Closet. On the First Floort.a
handsome bowed Drawing-room, Ladies' Morning-room, spa-
cious Bed-chamber, small Bed-chamber, and Store-closet. On
the Ground Floor, a spacious Entrance-hall, with a noble goo.
metrical Staircase, capital Dining-parlour, Breakfast-room, lA.
brary, Study, Water-closet, &c. 'floe Apartments are lofty and
admirably arranged. In the Basement, an excellent set of con.
venient Offices, with Cellar for Wine Ale, Beer, /cc. Om-
offices, Standing for two Carriages, Scabies for three iones, and
Loft over; two large Water-tanks.
To be viewed by Tickets. Particulars may be bad on tb.
Premises; at Garraway's •' and of Mr. Robins, Warwick-suott,
Golden-square; of whom Tickets for viewing may be bad.

CARMARTHENSHIRE.
DESIRABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE,
FELM NEW I DD,
On a fine Stream of Water, the Lied River, with Cottage,
Cjprden, and upwards of TWENI Y-NINE ACRES of
Shadow and Pasture Land.
By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick-street, Golden-square),
At Garraway's Coffee-house, in 'Change-alley, Coral% To-
sow, the 15th of December, 1621, at Twelve o'Clock, in
One Lot,
A
FREEHOLD ESTATE, FELM
NEW I DD, comprising a capital Baking Mill, most sub-
stantially built, and in excellent repair, situate on the Lllcdy
River. a fine stream of water, with a Dwelling-house, Stable,
Ste. Cottage and Garden, and sundry Entlobures of Ideadow
and Pasture Land, containing upwards of
TWENTY-NINE ACRES,
In the occupation of Mr. Wit.i.tam Daum., tenant at will, at a
moderate rent of £6O per Annum, situate in the parish of Llan-
elly adjoining the Carmarthen Rail-road.
To be viewed by applying to Mr. Daniel, of whom Particu-
lars may be had; of W. R. Howell, Esq. Solicitor, Carmarthen ;
and at the Ivy-bush, and Bear, Llandilo ; Angel, Cardiff; Bell,
Brecon; ..t Garraway's; and of Mr. Robins, Warwick-street,
Golden-square.

fIURGESS' NEW SAUCE for general purposes
.1.1 having given such great approbation, and the demand for
it continuing to decrease, JOHN BURGESS and SON beg
most respectfully to oiler this their best acknowledgments to
the Public foe their liberal patronage of the same : its utility
and great convenience in all climates, has recommended it to
the most distinguished foreign cennedous, who have all 'pollee
highly in its recommendation.—lt is prepared by themON LI;
and for preventing disappointment to Families, all possible car*
has been resorted to by each bottle being sealed upon the cork
with their firm and address, as well as each label having their
signature, without which it cannot be genuine.
JOHN BURG F.SS and SON's long established and miss
esteemed ESSENCE of ANCIIOVIRS, continues to
state;
pared by them after the same maruaer that has given the
satisfaction for many years.
Warehouse, 107, STRAND, corner of the Savoy-steps, Londob.
(TNT ORIGINAL resu-sauce weasmouss). •

LIMA.

The private intelligence received &cm Lima speaks
highly of the moderation of General SAN MARTIN,
whose conduct is marked by none of• those cruelties
or ravages by which the march of conquerors may
frequently be traced; and his entrance into Lima
seemed the triumph of the inhabitants, rather than of
the victorious General. When some of his soldiers
were found to commit excesses, which in such a case
it was difficult to check, and impossible entirely to
restrain, he published a severe Proclamation against
those who should be detected in the commission Of
the most trifling robbery. No attempt was made to
dictate a form of Government, or to impose a poli-
tical alliance on the citizens. They were called to-
gether for the expression of their sentiments, and the'
declaration of their independence was their own act,
and not that of their deliverer. If we can credit the
accounts before us, no man ever displayed more pru-
dence in difficulties, or more moderation in success,
than the Conqueror of Maypo, and the Liberator of
Lima.—The following Proclamation, addressed by
SAN MARTIN to the women of Lima, may be re-
garded as a curiosity :
" Ikad-quarters at Iluacho, July 1.
" Womaw or Lots !—ln vain have I endeavoured, by allot of
reason, to terminate a contest, which requires from your sentibt.
lily so many and so dear sacrifices. I cannot contemplate them
without interest, when, in the picture of the public calamities,
they present themselves to me as a double ground of champ
against the pride of their authors. You arc those authors, atia
that it is not the first time they have been the cause of your suf-
ferings. What American woman is there who has not injuries
.HERT& to remember as a mother—who has not had cause as a wife, a
VALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE, daughter, or a sister, to execrate the Spaniards? You who hays
With a Residence, large Barn, Shed, and Cottages, and been born to inspire the sweet emotions of gratitude, and to feel
upwards of the lively excitements of resentment, can determine whether the
TWO HUNDRED AND NINETEEN A•.2RES conduct of the Spaniards has exceeded the limits or kept within
Of Meadow and Arable Lant with Right of Common over the bounds of your endurance? Not content with having co.
Middle Moor and Watford Field, and of Fishery in the River vered you with tears and mourning, during the war of the revo-
Coln, adjoining the Town of Watford. lotion, they endeavour to prolong your sorrows, and to involve
TO BE PEREMPTORILY SOLD BY AUCTION, you in the misery andhorrors which threaten them for their crimes.
By Mr. ROBINS, . " Women of Lima, nature and reason require you to employ
(Of Warwick-street, Golden-square), the influence given you by both to accelerate the termination of
At Garraway's Coffee-house, 'Change-alley, Cornhill, To-noa. this sacrilegious war, in which the Spaniards fight against alt
a , the 13th of December 1821, at Twelve o'Clock, (by that is sacred among men, namely—their universal will, their
Order of the Trustees for ;;idle, being the remainder of that rights, and even the performance of their duties, for by them
Property) in One Lot, • we are called upon to take up arms. Render yourselves as co-
brated by your co-operation in the great work of delivering Peru,
THE 'very valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE,
as you are already by the attractions of your beauty, and deli.
WIGAN HALL, cacy of your minds. Inflame with patriotic ardour all your
countrymen and if any of them still slumber in the lap of slavery,
fifteen Watford, within
fiSifttecuante
minate,he
. invite around them the inspiration of liherty. The glorious ac.'
HOUSE, with rough cast fronts two stories high, four Rooms cents of freedom cannot be heard without enthusiasm if breathed
oPfar:shhe
on a floor, with French glazed sashes, convertible, at a little ex- loom your lips. Exert yourselves to dissipate the obstinacy of
pense, into a comfortable Residence ; large Barn and open Shed, those who labour to prolong the war, while my fellow-soldiers
with Coach-house, &c. tiled roof;; Three Cottages, and sundry convince them in the field of battle that it is vain to fight with
Enclosures of Meadow and Arable Land, and Land in Middle freemen. Thus the desulations of Peru will conic to an end;
Moor and Watford Common Held, containing upwards of you will never have reason to regret your destiny in society ;
TWO HUNDRED AND NINETEEN ACRES, :tad, finally, it will cease te be a misfortune to be united in the
The principal part lying perfectly compact, Intersected only by closest ties with those wholuve their country, and have sworn
good roads, the River Colne partly bounding the Property, to save it. (Signed) N SAN MARTIN."
which is stored with Trout, in which there is a Right of Fishery
An en a ement in which one of our county
the extent of nearly one mile, and many fine situations for 1 g gcountrymen
to
building, with Brick Earth, Chalk, and fine Gravel, on the ' (Colonel Miller) distinguished himself, took place in
Estate; the principal part in hand, the remainder Let on Lease i the latter end of May at Nlirave, near the Cordilleras,
wnich will expire at Lady-day, 1822. • i between a party of Spaniards, consisting of 250 men.
To be viewed by applying to Mr. Cogdale, on the Premiers, v
of whom Part.:ulars may
• be had; at the Essex Arms, M. 0.. d a of Cl i.l s comm• ddby I
an party ia. n , an e tle Officer
ford; the Swan, Rickmansworth ; Wculpack, St. Aiban's ; the alluded to. The Spaniards were completely routed,
Cranes, Edgeware ; King's Head, Harrow; White Horse, Ul-1 and most of them killed or made prisoners; - as wag
bridge • Old Hats, Ealing; of Messrs. Hall and Bromley, Soil- likewise another party, consisting of 180, on the
citors, 'New Boswell-court ;at Garraway s ; and of Mr. Ito- i heights of _.
the Cordillera of Furate.
bins, Warwi.k-street, Golden-squan. .

OXFORDSHIRE, NEAR CHIPPING-NORTON.
Eligible FREEHOLD ESTATE; well-accustomed INN;
TITHE FREE: containing upwards of ONE HUNDRED
and SIXTY-THREE ACRES, on Lease-ta respettablis
Tenants.

By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick-street, Golden-square),
At Garraway's toffee-house, in Exchange-alley, Cornbill, To-
mussel*, December 13, at One o'Clock,
A VERY VALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE,
Tithe-free, and exonerated from Land Tax.
Comprising 1100 K NORTON LODGE, known as the well-
accustomed Inn, the Fox and Hounds, situate in the Parish of
Hook Norton, between Banbury and Chipping-Norton ; con-
sisting of an ancient Stcne-built House, with Offices, Brew-
house, Yaral, Stabling for Sixteen Horses, Barn, Cart Lodges,
and various Outbuildings, and upwards of
ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY-TWO ACRES
Of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, in a high state of cul-
deaden, and plenty of good Water ; in Possession and on Lease
to Mr. John Pricket, Mr. Tustain, and a small part in the oc.
ovation of Mr. Goff, tenant from year to year, at Rents
amounting to nearly Four Hundred Pounds per Annum.
To be viewed by applying to the Tenants, of whom Particu-
lars may be bad ; at the White Hart, and of Mr. Townsend,
Surveyor, Chipping-Norton ; at Chapel House ; White Hart,
Morton in the Marsh ; Hop-pole, Star, and of Mr. Bentley,
Worcester; King's Head, Coventry ; Hen and Chickens, Bir-
mingham); Warwick Arms, Warwick; Red lion, Bunbury ;
at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robins, Warwick-street, Golden-
square, where a Plan of the Estate may be seen.

-

41v.
Alto lo

4fANKRUPTS

•
S.

'so

nil"o44fTliff'S GAZETTE.
BT THi 11210...-A PROCLAMATION.
Chown R.
Whereas our Parliament stands prorogued to Thursday, the
third day at January meat ; we, with the advice of per Privy
Claw. do !lenity publish and declare, that the said Parliament
&A
be further prorogued, an the said third day of January next,
to Tuesday. the fifth day of Februaiy nest; and we have
;Levu order to our Chaoodior of that part of our United Mpg-.
ohm WM Great Britain, to palpate a Commission for proro-
guing the maw accordingly; and we do further hereby,vrith the
advice aforeeald, declare our Royal will and pleasure, that the
acid Parliament shall, on the said fifth day of February Dem, be
held and sir for the dispatch of divers urgent and important
affable sad the Lords Spirit:island Temporal, and the Knights,
Citizens, and Burgesses, sod the conttubsioners for Shires and
Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required and
comusamied to give their attendance ascordiagly, at Watmind
Mei, en the said lifth day of February meat. is
Given as our Court at Brighton, the teat day of .Decets.
. her, OnThoesu.4 'fight Hundred and Tmentreoe, and
law second yew if Sr reign. • • •
' • , Goo %elk ICme.
tilde Gamma she amass the appointment of the Mantels of
Wellesley to be Lieutenent-Gaseral_ mad General Governor of
Ireland; the Duke of Montrose to be Lord Chamberlain, vice
*be Marquis of Hertford/ resigned ; the Marquis of Conyng-
him to be Lord Steward of the Household, vice the Marquis
Cholmondelej, resigned j and the Duke of Dorset to be
Master of the Hone. vice the Duke of Montrose, promoted as
above.—.lt able amine, that the Duke of Dorset, the Marquis
of canynsbans, and Ontibunt, Esq. have been sworn of his
Majesty's Privy CouncU.—lt also cantatas Addresses to the
King on his Accession to the -Munn and reruns n England,
from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of An Snrough
Reeding; of
from this Mayor, Recorder. Town Clerk, Sheriffs,
Common Council, tdsgisuates, Burgesses, and Ltinbitents of
the Town and County d Carmarthen ; and from the Mayor,
Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Berwick...upon-Tweed}

Thomas Evans, Mackynlleth, Montgomeryshire, innkeeper; to
menroder January 2, and 12, at eleven, at the Fog Inn,
Shrewsbury. Attorples, Messrs. Philpot and Stone South-
ampton-atteet, Bloomsbury-square; or Mews. Maddock and
Burley, Shrewsbury.
Joseph Holdall, Bridport, painter, December 18, 19, and Ja-
nuary 22, at eleven, at the Greyhound .Inn, Bridport. At-
Cannes, Mr. Nicbeletts, lkidport ; or Mr. Alleu, Clifford's
Inn, Fleet-street.
James Townsend, .11oniton and George Brook, Whimple,
Devon, bankers, December 26, 27, and January 20, at
eleven, at the Golden lion Inn. Hocken. Attoniles, Mr.
Luamoore, Bed Liver-square; or Messrs. Flood and Mules,

Uoniton.
William Edwards, Chatham, linen-draper, December IS, 2t,
and January 29, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners of
Bankrupts, Rasinghall4trect. Attorney, Mr. Rippon, Great
Surrey-street.
Charles George Kerwood, late of John-street West, Mary-ta-
boos., printer, December IS, 22, and January 22, at twelve,
at the Court of the Commissioners of Bankrupts. Basing-
hall-street. Atturnies, Messrs. Jones and Howard, Mincing-

lane.
Samuel Aydon and WWbnt Elwell, late of Shelf, Halifax,
iron-masters, December 28, at five, 29, at ten, at the Old
Cock, Inn, Halifax, and January 22, at eleven. at the Do.
pliant and Castle inn, York. Attornies, Mr. Eslmunds, Ex.
chequer Once of Pleas, Lincoln's Inn; or Messrs. Alexander,
Halifax.
William and Nathaniel Bakes, Portsea, grocers, January 2 and
7, at tweAve, and 12, at we, at the George Inn, Portsmouth.
.Attornies, Mr. Skelton, Sessions-house, London; or Dlr.

l'oulden, Portsea.
Ilenry Ltneve Holland, late of Birmingham, builder, Decem-
ber 31, January 4 and 42, at eleven, at the Albion Hotel,
Birmitint. Anomie*, Mr. Conte, Birmingham; or Mr.
Alezan Cart7-strect, Chancery-lane.
Robert Willi, Broad-street, Bloomsbury, tobacconist, Decem-
ber IS, SS, and Jamul:yid, at ten, at the Court of Commis-
sioncgsof Bankrupts, Basi'Omit-street. Attorney, Mr. Cobb.
Clermont's Inn-
Basin Tappan and Edward Gethon, Basingbaltntreet, factors.
December IS, 44, and January 22, at one, at the Court of
Commissioners of Bankrupts, Basinghal-street, Attornies,
Messrs. Pullen and Soo, Fore-sum*, and Mr. Brutton, 014

Broad-street.
John Lewis Garrick, Mitcham, merchant, December 15, 291 i
and losuary 22, at eleven. at the Court of Commissioners
of Bankrupts Basinghall-street. Atturnies, Messrs. Grimaldi
and Stables, Bankrupts,
Robert Havil.usti, Cirencester, distiller, January 1,2, and 2C,
at eleven, at the Falcon- Inn, l'ainswick. Gloucestershire.—
Attornies, Mr. Beck., Devi:ashler-street, laueen-square ; or
Mr. Gardner, Gloucester.'
Samuel Todd, Southampton, mercer, December 28 aryl January
4, at twelve and 22, at eleven, at the hlitre Tavern, Port-
Atton;les, Mr. Browne, Furnivars Ina ;or Mr. Caught,
-Pudica.
John Markwick Puller, late of Worthing, linen-draper, Decem-1
ber 16, us, and January en, at twelve, at the Court of Com-
missioners of Bankrupts, llasirighall-stmt. Attorney, Mr.
Jones, Siae-lane.
James leen, late residing at the Taviatock Hotel, Covent-
garden, merchant, December 18, 29, and January 22, at
twelve at the Court of Commisidoners of Bankrupts, Ila-
siaghall-sttect. Anomie', Messrs. Lavie and Olive:son, Fre-
Serick's-place, Old Jewry.

DIVIDENDS to be made in BASINGIIALL-STREET.
Dec. is, W. Nedby, Lamb's Conduit-street, upholsteter, at
eleven. Dec. IS, J. Cary, Itaquet-court, Fleet-ssreet suer-
chant, at one. Dec. IS, Richard Ntrilly, Colchester, dealer,
at tgll.
