PHILADELPHIA, DECEMBER so.

The brig Alisana, arrived at Baltimore in thirteen
days from Laguira, informs that a French brig of war
had arrived there to demand satisfaction for an insult
offe:ed to one of the French vessels of war. The Vene-
zuela, Captain Chitty, a Colombian corvette, while
cruising off Carthagena, fell in with the French brig of
war Gazelle, bound to Martiaiqtie, and not liking her'
appearance, ordered the Captain on board with his
papers, with which he complied without the least re-
sistance, although of equal force; but on his arrival at
Martinique, he was expelled the navy. A French fleet
was expected at Laguira, to inquire into the business.

The French Papers of Thursday and Friday have
reached as, together with the Moniteur of Saturday,
and Doile dated yesterday, by Express. On Thursday,
a deputation of the Chamber of Deputies presented the
KING Kith the law relative to the Civil List, adopted
by the Chamber. This measure was adopted almost by
acclamation. The whole law was carried by a majority
of 217 to 7.

The South American question still occupies the
Ftench Journalists; and the Journal des Debuts makes

it the ground of incessant attacks on the Ministry of
M. de VILLELE• After complaining of the decay of
French influence, and the predominance of English, the
writer observes, " We have seen England acting with
the Holy Alliance, withdrawing herself from it, and
now acting against it. Will she recede from a step she
has taken with firmness ano deliberation? In the per-
son of Mr. CANNING, she has more than another Pm.
'He has shewn what may be gained in a war of opi-
nions, by giving words their full •alue."
The Constilutionnei makes a similar, though less di-
rect attack, by a complaint of the absence of French
diplomatists.—" The destinies of the world are at stake,
" and our Ambassadors have left their posts. M. de
" TALARII, who has returned from Spain, has been
" waiting for his instt actions at Paris for six months,
" M. llvna de NEUVILLE, our Ambassador at Lisbon,
" has come to take his seat in the Chamber of Deputies;
" and while Mr. CANNING IS declaring the emancipa-
" tion of the Spanish colonies, M. de POLIGNAC is on
the road to Calais. The English do not thus travel,
" and yet they make more way."
Accounts from Cm fu of the 25th ult. confirm the
statement as to dissentions among the Greeks. They set
at rest all doubt as to the success of the Greeks in the
naval combats of the 12th and 13th, in the roads of
Candia. It is stated, in letters from Constantinople, that
the plague has broken out, in an alarming degree, in
the Turkish capital, and that the wife of the English
Dragoman had fallen a victim.
Saturday the Renter opened at 102 E 70c. 80c. 75c. At half-
put three o'clock, they were at 102 f. 90c. and after 'Change they
got to 103 f.

The following is from our Private Correspondent:

"PARIS, JANUARY 14.

II M. Villele begins to feel more confident in the suc-
cess of his plan; so that he can devote his attention to
other objects. The subject of the recognition of South
America is to be proposed to the Chambers, in a com-
munication from his Majesty. The Ministry wish to
follow the example of England, but there exist some
pledges to Spain on the subject, which they do not like to
be responsible for, and therefore require the sanction of
the Chambers. There is no doubt that the measure will
pass, grounded on expediency.
_

. _
" Several mutations in the Prefectures and Commind-
ants of Divisions are on the eve of taking place, with a
view to a more easy triumph on the question of indem-
nity to the emigrants."

WnITEHALL, JAN. 11, 1825.—The KING has been
pleased to nominate and appoint the undermentioned Knights
Commanders of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath,
to be Knights Grand Crosses of the said Most Honourable Military
Order :
Admiral Sir EDWARD Tuounstouou, vice Admiral the Earl of
St. Vtocturi, deceased.
Admiral Sir ELIA, Hoovmr, vice Admiral Viscount Karru, dec.

WHITEHALL, JAN. 19, 1825.—The KING has been
pleased to nominate and appoint Rear-Admiral Wiuxasa CeAurs
Rom, Companion of the Most Honourable Military Order of the
Bath, to he a Knight Commander of the said Mott Honourable
Military Order.

The LORD CHANCELLOR had. an audience of his
Manny yesterday.
Saturday, the Duke of CLARENCE, and the Princess
SOPIIIB, visited the Kw°.
Last week, Lord PALMERSTON entertained a large
and distinguished party, at his seat at Broadlands, consisting,
exclusive of his Royal Highness the Duke of Yoax, of the
Right Honourable Roasts Pm and Lady, the Earl of Amax.
war, Sir Joists and Lady Strewn-, the Right Honourable W. Hus.
KISIGN and Lady, Join FUMING, Esq. M.P. Sir G. H. Ron, Bart.
Ste. His Lordship's fine preserves have afforded excellent sport,
"nearly WO head of game having been bagged by the party in the
short space of four days.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL and Mr. Secretary CANNING
an expected in town to-morrow, from Bath.
Lord and Lady FREDERICK Barnum( have arrived
at Cottesmore, Rutlandshire, on a visit to the Earl and Countess of
Lousutut, from the seat of the Duke of Pont.txo, Welbeck, Netts.

DueL.—A duel was fought, in the Phoenix Park,
Dublin, at halfrrtrifsour in the aftetnoon of Wednesday, between
It Mr. •--DS, ter, and Mr. o—i. The parties fired two
shots each, fortunately without injury to either, when the affair
terminated amicably. Surgeon It ---s attended professionally.
erect a splendid new and suitable Palace for the first Soessunon in
tits world.

THE ARMY.

MILITARY PROMOTIONS.
WAR-OFFICE, JANUARY
Stk Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Troop-Serjeant-
Henley, from the 10th Light Dragoons, to have
Cornet (without pay), be being appointed Riding-,
that Corps.
ICth Regiment of Light Dragoims—Paymaster James
been superseded, having absented himself without
16th Ditto--WiWam Vernon Jillard, Gent. to be
chase, vice Stewart, who retires.
Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards—Captain William
Cornwall, from half.pay, to be Lieutenant and
William Serjeantson, who exchanges, receiving the
t h Regiment -of Foot—Lieutenant Thomas
Ist Royal Veteran Battalion, to be Lieutenant,
Pratt Wyatt, Who retires upon half-pay of the
-Regiment; Assistant-Surgeon John Johnston, in
the 9th Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice James
exchanges.
6th Ditto—Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Sullivan, from
Regiment, to be Lieutenant. Colonel, vice John
retires upon half-pay of the Ist Foot.
7th Ditto—Captain John Hastings Mair to be 'Alajor,
vice Wylly, promoted ; Lieutenant James Stirling
Captain, by purchase, vice Mair ; Ensign Lucius
' count Falkland, from the 71st Foot, to be Lieutenant,
chase, vice Gage.
45th Ditto—Edmund Wilson Laseelles, Gent. to be -
out purchase, vice Hope, appointed to the 81st Fo
47th Ditto—Lieutenant William Siborth from half.

Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice l‘lair, appointed to
60th Ditto—Ensign John Archer, from half-pay of
to be Second Lieutenant, vice Brockman, appointed
71st Ditto—Edward Marcus Whyte, Gent. to be
chase vice Lord Falkland, promoted in the 7th .
77th Ditto—Ensign James Elliott to be Lieutenant,
chase, vice Hamilton detested; Arthur Y. Irvine,
Ensign, vice Elliot.
inch Ditto—Second Lieutenant George Brockman, '

Foot, to be Ensign, vice Daniel Stephens, who retires
pay of the 14th Foot.
92d Ditto—Ensign James Deans to be Adjutant,
who resigns the Adjutantcy only.
Ceylon Regiment—Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Frt
from half-pay of the Ist Foot, to be Lieutenant•
Sullivan, appointed to the 6th Foot.
Ist Royal Veteran Battalion--Lieutenant George
half-pay of the 3d West India Regiment, to be
Walsh, appointed to the sth Foot.
WIATTACHIII.
Lieutenant William Henry CornwalL-fritm the
Guards, to be Captain of a Company, by purchase.
Stuart Dalzell, who retires.

The promotion of Lieutenant Hon. W. Thomas
the Coldstream Foot Guards, to be Captain, I))
tached, and his subsequent exchange back as Liens
tain in the Coldstream Foot Guards, as stated in tl
6th November and 18th ultimo, have been cancelled.
Commission in the Royal Sherwood Foresters,
shire Regiment of Militia, signed by the Lord '
County of Nottingham.
John Gilbert Cooper Gardiner, Esq. to be Colonel.
Commission in the Central Regiment of Susses.
signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County
St. Vincent Keene Hawkins. Whitshed, Gent. to
Commissions in the Royal Fifesbire Yeomanry Ca'
the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
The Earl of I.even end 'Melville to be Captain, vice
signed; James Cheape, Esq. to be Captain,
signed; David Maitland, Gent. to be Cornet,
promoted.

NAVAL INTELLIGENC

Friday, the Pnwrox, 46, Captain STURT, sailed
from Portsmout4. No ships of war at Spithead.
BULMIAIII6 WELLESLEY, GANGES, ALBION,
BRAZEN, PANDORA, Rosa, and CALLIOPE.
Commander L Flamm Cnitms.tr, of the Esiircit.r,
firmed in the rank of Captain, and command of the "

Commodore itlooasost, appointed to the ANDROMACNI
LOSS WR ST, in the rank of Commander, and command
Capt. Wat.llosson is appointed to the Femme, 10,
Mr. Grozos Davis, to be Purser of the blainsonte.
The Lords of the Admiralty were pleased, on the/
promote the following Gentlemen to the rank of "
having passed their examination for that rank, ten
Mr. William Walker Oake, Romney ; William
eambridge ' • George Hamilton Smith,Ramillies •
Carrington, Bulwa Joseph William Browne, 'Ramillies
Squire, Semiramis; Charles Goldsmith,Greyhound -
James Trapps, Ramillies; Humphrey Deston, Cann
Howard Turner,Doris ; Henry Kitchen, Ramillies •
son, Industry revenue cutter; George Hinkston,
Poole,Brazen ; W. I lewlett, Ramillies ; Mr. llosenbesg,ta,
DEVONTORT, Jox.l3.—The F.ezats,ll4, Captain ROURTV
Is expected to sail tomorrow, with M.G. WA an,
Commissioner to Mexico, and other official persons, _
negotiate and conclude, with the declared Independent
new Treaty of Commerce. Arrived the SHAMROCK, surveying
weasel, Captain Abilene WHITS, front Salcombe, to be paid A
Sailed the Pima* packet, Lieutenant Jetainnas, for Falmouth, to
take a mail. The experimental squadron, under the command d
Sir JOHN Palau-noes, sailed from Falmouth on Monday, to cruise
i• the westward of Scilly.
Remain in IHamoase--Betessters Wricoses Cunt, Geseat
BOADICEA, TIMMONS, HARLIQUIN, I4rx, Dove, and LYRA' and
Nerruns, Homer, and Hoppe, Revenue cutters. In the Sonnd—
ROMNST, EGRRIA, SHAMROCK.
FALMOUTM, JAN. 15. Wind S.W. -- Arrived the Kingfisher
packet, from Buenos Ayres—sailed the Bth November, and front
Montevideo 12th ditto ; Wolsingham packet,from the Mediums.
nean—sailed from Corfu 21st Nevember, tka, 7th ult. and from
Gibraltar 30th ult. and the Stanmer packet, from Lisbon.
HARWICH, JAN. 15. The Revenue easter Scoter, Lietnetant
Coor, has captured and brought in here a large smuggling Inger,
with a valuable cargo of spirits and bale goods. The smack JoLu
and Elizabeth, hired to take the Mails to Hamburgh,was lost oa
Sandy Island—crew and Maihrsaved. The Comet, Sous, from
Riga to Liverpool, is stranded near Liebau. The Blucher, Porn'
foundered at sea the 20th ult.—crew and passengers saved.
Luntemoor., JAN. 14. Arrived the Aker,
'RICHARDS, from Jamaica—sailed the 7th ult. Reliance, HARRODS,
from Paraiba ; Montrose, Dowse, from Demerara—sailed the list
November; Havannah packet, EA,STON, from Havannalt—saila
do Bth alt. Argo, Brows, from Cuba ; Alexander, 13acewnt,froin
Philadelphia—sailed the 20th ult. Aurora, front Tarragon;
and Hamilton, WILLIAMS, from Petersburgh.
Jain. 15.—Wind W.S. W.—Arrived the Golden Fleece, Esouent
from Bahia--sailed 29th November; Aid, Kszesusw; and Sr
Walter Scott, STEWART, front St. John's, New Brunswick; Larch,
Venue, from Messina; Shark, ROIRRTSON, from Gibraltar; Marl,
—, front the Mediterranean ; Washington, Joust, from Lisbon;
Norval, Pontos, from Newfoundland; and Levant star, Own',
from Palermo.
PLYMOUTH, JAN. 15.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Heart of Gat,
Stoats, from Leghorn in forty-on._ dam
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 16.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Ceres,Ene,
from the Mediterranean ; Renton transport, from Gibraltar ; /be
Hon. Company's ship General Kyd, from the Downs, for limed
and China ; and Hector, Mucous, from ditto, for New York.

A v(
lies in London,
and Anchor
present.
The
on Satni
visit to
James's
by the _
sauce returned
I'he
in his apartments
cold, till - '
Satun
when hi.
celebrated

together
-Scot'.
of Northern,
everythingi
aknahrnts
popular '

cant-Major
ish f
nej it4-tialirBm sj
o2tf
nlidirig La rank
toer
Os[
v
.aes Talon has s 4
4
at leave. r
Cornet, by par.
eke
William Henry sin
id Captain, Islet 00
:he difference.V at C
m the,
nt, vice Charles
34.1 West lodia
from half-pay „f 'about
see Martin, v.:l.
ciesi°
from the Crll,ll d
Gardnier, Chu Write'
page,
jot', by purchase, bum
ling Gage to be
"pit
cius Carey, V.
sutenant, by pa. Nto
if and
be Falsigns with. if che
Foot.
if-pay of the 9th it fur:
the 62d Foot. I gne
of the 14th Noe, As not
ited to 85th Foot„ lor
Ensign, by par. is sus
Foot.
ant, without per. 1°!
rine, Gent. to be 4
rafil
n,, from the 60th
a 4fnd
retires upon bui.
pstic
vice Macdonald, :hat
pecte
Frederick Mulkr, biael
ant-Colonel, vice
wive
! Cochrane, from persc
Lieutenant, vies iain I
the n
Coldstream Fort in a
hase, vice Mega Mate
eath
tnas Graves, (rotethe a
sy purchase, unat. PI
eutenant and C.?► stihji
in the Gasettes t pope
lied,
that
Nottingham. h or .1
cu
Lieutenant of the "do
"act
lea Local MaMilitia," be
sty of Susses.
be Ensign. COIOI
Cavalry, signed by perk
if Fife.
" Litt
vice Gill. spie, re. „
vice Cheape, re. -- of
net, vice Chap, "im
is d.i
Lions7E. ciple
iled for Chatham, ful C
. In the Harbour 1 pet
talus, SAXIASING, by A
Estizet.t, is col. 16 the
the ALUM. vice 41
ascot ; and Litt. 6% ba
imand of Esmou. en
co. at Formwork ; .dea
TON&
thelOth instant,
if Lieutenant, they nth
m years: Lion
3 Cross Simmotah, ,seo,
George Lawrence Y
Ramillies; William best
And revenue cutter, deg
Cambridge ; Jams sary
ies; James Thoms-
on Doris; Robert he s
nberg,lateSwinger. tiga
33 S. Roszers,C.B.
, Esq. his Majesty's Nei
ions, appointed is ben
lependent States, a
tic;
all ROCK, SlaVeying
se, to be paid oft ma
for Falmouth, ts san

rery large Meeting of the English Roman Catho-
London, took place this day, at two o'clock, at the Croon
ichor Tavern. Several eminent Protestant Gentlemen were
:Duke and Duchess of CLARE/ICI came to town
rday morning, from Bushey ; the Duchess of Kw: paid s
their Royal Highnesses, at their residence, Stable-yard,
s; the Royal Duchess returned to Kensington, accompanies
Duchess of Cactuses. The Duke and Duchess of CIA,
returned to Bushey in the afternoon, to dinner.
e Doke of Summit has been confined for some time
partments in the Knee's Palace, Kensington, with a severs
11 within these few days. his Royal Highness being better,
urday was the Duke of GLOUCUTZIeII birth-daft
ale Royal Highness completed his 49th year. The day wei,
iced In Loudon, by the tradesmen of the Royal Duke diame
n• at the Thatched- House Tavern. ,
)TTISH LIBRARY.—Such is the present ascendancy
them, Literature, that Dr. Mitchsts Scannas', jaw" has.
the most successful book of the season. Its assemblage of
ping which constitutes the pride of Scotland. has rendered
only to the Bible among North Britons, while among the
'7U it is sought as a complete Key to the Novels s$ Other
r Scottish Works.
. .

WE ST INDIA SLAVERY.

LETTER XIL-PART VI.
91 CONCLUSION FROM THE STAR OF PRIDAT.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
In examining those points in this controversy, which
iierred to principles connected with the natural and
,I:ket price of wages, I founded my observations
similar principles to those which Mr. Whitmore had
used from the observation of facts in England. Had
Gentleman pursued his investigation of facts in the
;vest Indies, as to the effect of the difference between
,encutral and market price of wages on free and slave.
air,be would probably have arrived at the same con-
ctisions as I have done.
).h,lll still refer to the principles of that intelligent
,titer for the illustration of my mode of reasoning. In
tags 11, of Mr. Whitmore's Letter on the present and
~:are prospects of agriculture, he-says: " We all know
what pertinacity the poor of this country adhere
.0 their custom of consuming only the whitest bread,
..aid how inveterate their prejudices are against those
;cheaper sorts of food which, in times of scarcity, are
ofnnished by the hand of charity, or strongly recom-
mended as an improvement in their domestic eco-
%only. 1 mean not to defend this : their feeling corn.
willf proceeds froth ignorance, and, in some in-
',stances, savours of ingratitude; but it is a strong and
wayincing proof how dcult it is to change the habits'
1. of a people." A person who thus draws his inferences
'rom specific facts, sheaving the connection of cause
Ind effect, though, perhaps, not satisfied with the sta-
nitical researches of Dr. Stobo, will see immediately,
Sat there are causes in operation diminishing the ex-
netted result of the agricultural industry of the free
black and coloured people of Tortola, who labour them-
wives, and o.s n no Slaves: and although two unbiassed
persons may present different causes as producing nes-
umresults, set neither would omit, as being among
tnemnst influential class, those causes already mentioned
13 3 previous quotation from Mr. Whitmore, viz. cli-
mate, state of civilization, and the peculiar habits of
each people, as well as the great difficulty attendant on
the anempt to change the habits of a people.
Perhaps two persons, having different views on this
subject. would also both agree in the deductions of a
popular Lecturer on Political Economy, and admit,
" the principles on which the production and ac-
comularion of wealth, and the progress of civilza-
" tion depend, are not the offspring of legislative en-
., Actments. Man must exert himselt to produce wea!th,
because he cannot exist s4ithout it."

With this principle, the fact of both Slaves and free
coloured people labouring to obtain subsistence, is in
perfect unison. But the Lecturer proceeds to state:
the desire implanted in the breast of every individual
"of rising in the world, and improving his condition,
"impels him to save and accumulate." This principle
is dilly seen in operation in England, and is unques-
tionably true in the triajw-ily of cases ; but in this prin-
ciple, we must also admit the operation of those power-
ful causes of climate, state of civilization, and habits of
a people, combined with those circumstances, noticed
by Adam Smith, 66 which either really, or at least in
the imaginations of men, make up for a small pecu •
niary gain in some" kinds of labour, " and counter-
balance a great one in others." In short, that when
men seek to better their condition, they consult their own
ideas of kappitreas, in their mode of obtaining their object.
To understand all the circumstances clearly which
influence productive industry, arising from the opera-
tins of climate, state of civilization, and habits of the
people, on the ideas which they may entertain as to the
best mode of promoting their own happiness, a great
degree of minute statistical research is absolutely neces-
sary. And when ANGLUS sneers at it, or under-rates it,
he shews himself by so much the less qualified to inves-
:tate this most important problem of political economy.
In the West Indies are found a number of adult free
Negroes owning land, cultivating. it for their own
benefit, and with every motive to increase their exer-
tions for their sole advantage; yet, in point of fact,
many of the Slaves, in the same island, exercising the
same industry, and also for their own benefit, obtain
*early as much in a fragment of time allowed to
" them for this purpose," as the free people accom-
plish when entire masters of all their time, both
parties being under the stimulus of providing for
their subsistence, and a certain scale of comforts. On
the principles of Adam Smith, perhaps some explana-
tion may be afforded, in the kind of employment being
agricultural labour, which has many compensations in
a temperate climate, that are not felt i 5 the burning
regions of the Torrid Zone. The free people, therefore,
owning land, under the stimulus of necessity, are
obliged to provide food, raiment,.&c. but decline far-
ther continuing to encounter the voluntary fatigies of
agricultural labour in the West Indies, for any ade-
quate reward which it may bring, thus acting on the
ordinary prinCiples of forming their own ideas of hap.
Oyu ; and by which they unfortunately are led to act,
as if they thought that the profitable result of greater
esettions would not compensate for the greater pain to,
be undergone by agricultural labour in a climate where
the mere act of repose is a luxury. Whereas the Slaves
are coerced to exercise a certain portion of labour for
the benefit of their masters; whilst necessity acts on
them aim) as a stimulus to voluntary labour, in order
to provide food, &c. for themselves, during the portion
of time allowed to them for that purpose.
But in the case of the free people, it is seen, that al-
though they do labour some small part of their time,
that they are not influenced to labour steadily in agri-
cultural industry, even for their own advantage, and
the ordinary motives which influence persons in Eng-
land. ANGLUS thinks the reasoning people in this
Country cannot, by the utmost exertion of the metaphy-
sical skill of the lieviewer, be convinced of this fact.
The Reader will observe, that instead of resorting
*rely to metaphysics to support the views of the Re
viewer, I dwell more upon facts; at the same time
!hewing the Reader the connection between these facts
14 the inferences which I submit for his consideration.
A NGL us, indeed, assumes the operation of 14 moral
'olives" as influencing the habits of the labourer in the
West Indies; but he assigns no reason whatever ro
prove, that the patties to whom he refers are under the,
influence of such motives: It is, therefore, merely, an
lisertion, without proof, affording no argument against
Reviewer: for the Reviewer had reasoned upon the
lubits of free men and Slaves, as theysreaily are in the
Vest Indies, and under the stimulus of such motives as
.Whitmore, Adam Smith, and others, have assumed
be fully adequ'ate t‘ excite industry in this country,
which appear not to have produced the same effect
tht West Indies.
(Act) therefore, of the industrious Slaves pos-

sessing a par'ty of comforts, by exerifont in
equal portio3 of time, as convared with the labour
of free-col Owed people not owning Slaves, but them-
selves employed in similar cultivation on their own
land, when Fully and fairly examined, clearly proves
that the Reviewer's difficult and perplexing problem has
not been solved, as ANGLUS maintains; and, moreover,
that the circumstances brought forward by Asiorus, in
support of his opinion, furnish the strongest arguments
against the truth of the theory which he has adopted.
It will now remain for the Public to judge, whether,
as ANGLUS says, the statements and admissions of
the Reviewer, supported by those facts upon which I
have already commented, are sufficient to prove the
assertion of AM:4IAM, viz. " not only that the Negroes
" are fit for freedom, but that their freedom will be a
" pecuniary benefit, no less to their masters than to
" themselves."
I have endeavoured to shew, by abstract reasoning,
as well as by reference to fact, that the Negroes are not
at the present moment fit for freedom—that their free-
dom would not be a pecuniary benefit to their Masters,
and that their immediate freedom would be of very
problematical benefit to themselves. I have repeated
and developed the arguments of the Reviewer on
this vital part of the subject, who states—" That no
" precedent exists of free Negroes having performed
" the duties necessarily required in the cultivation
" and manufacture of sugof, in such a manner as
"to .afford a profit to their employers." I concur
with -hint also in the fullest degree, in the following
obseivati.,ni: 44 We are not, however, in any de-
" gree disposed to infer from this fact, the impossi-
" nility of free labour being ever substituted for Slave-
" labour with advantage to the Proprietors; we only
" me in to shew that such a contingency has not yet
." taken place in the production of sugar in the Vest
46 Indies, and that it can only take place under a coon-
" bination of circumstances which has never yet ec-
" coned; and if we do not succeed in bringing about
46 this substitution, it is absolutely impossible to escape
" from the alternative of either affording to our West
"India Colonies a pecuniary compensation from the
" national funds, or of effecting the ruin of the Proprie-
" tors, who wilt be unable to carry on the cultivation, in
" which they have vested their capital under public
66 sanction, and in consequence of public encourage-
" ment."—And above all, I concur with him in the
opinions with which he closes this part of.his argument,
and to the truth of which, circumstances subsequent to
the publication of the Review, appear to have given an
additional force and sanction. "If ;,; can be shewn
" that our opinions are erroneous, we shall most seal-
" lingly abandon them ; but we shall never yield to de-
" clamation, or to arguments that are not directly
" founded upon facts of a clear an 4 unimpeachable
" nature; and in a question of such tskreme delicacy,
" we must beg leave to observe, that those who advance
" facts, of the correctness of which they are not abso-
" lutely certain, allow themselves a latitude very nearly
appinaching to criminality. We Are sometimes
" afraid, that Vice are persons engaged in polemical
" controversy on this subject, so hurried on by their de-
" testation of a state of slavery, so morbidly anxious for
" its extinction, that they are disposed to adopt that
" most dangerous of all human principles of action,
" that the end may us. asionall y sanctify the employment
" of means o hich in themselves, and abstractedly taken°,
" cannot be justified.' I am, Sir, your obedient Servant,
viNDEX,

the mere ac
• are coerced
rr
the benefit
r, them also ;
to provide I
s, of time alle
But in tt
though the
Fs that they a
se
cultural ini
the ordinar
lad. ANi
)- Country ca
Po Ilea' skill
re The Rea
n *rely to z
• viewer, I
• `hewing th
rd vici the infr
'fig ANGLUSI
se %gives" as
re West Indi
Prose, that
• influence o
raw virertion,
• the Revieu
Libits of 1
cy
West Indic
at 111.Whitt
I tt to be full,
the ‘R. *hid)
is the we
