FRAUD PREVENTED.

TO COUNTERACT the many attempts that are
daily made to impose an the unwary a SPEritiOUS COM-
POSITIONinstead of the GENUINE BLACKING prepared
by DAY and MARTIN, they have adopted a new Label, in
which their signature and address,

97, HIGH-HOLBORN,
It so eorimicnously platted in the centre of the Label, that they
trn.t an attention to this, and the difference of the type, which h
unlike all letter-press, will enable purchasers at once to detest
the imposition,

The Real Japan BLACKING,made and soli wholesale by
nAY and hIAR'f IN, 97, Ifigh-ilolborn, and retailed by the
principal Grocers, Druggistay Booksellers, Ironmongers, Perfui
risers, Root-Makers, its in the United Kingdom, in Bottles at
6d. is. and is. 6d. each.

UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE.

Yesterday a Meeting of the non-represented part
of the people of London and Middlesex took place
in Palace-yard, Mr. Fltiwr in the Chair. The object
of this Meeting was, according to the advertisement,
To take into consideration the propriety of making
a public declaration of their rights t to adopt the
Most effectual measures for redressing their wrongs,
and to remonstrate with the Crown to remove th,sc
grievances which are now becoming insupportable."
Preparatory to the Meeting. a temporary hustings
was erected within a few yards of the door of West-
minster Hall. Soon after twelve o'clock a cart ar-
rived, bearing, four inscriptions, exhibited in four
different directions, with the words, " Come to the
Public Meeting' in Palace-yard this day at twelve
o'clock." About half-past twelve Mr. Hunt, th 2
Chairman, arrived in a carriage, accompanied by his
son, brother, and Dr. Watson. They were received
with cheers. Mr. Hunt and his friends immediately
mounted the hustings, and after some consultation
with Dr. Watson and others who were assembled, ad-
dressed the Meeting.
- - •

Mr. HUNT commenced by stating the circumstan-
ces which had led to his taking the chair. He observed,
that their object on this occasion was not to peti-
tion Parliament, but to remonstrate with the t'rince
Regent, and to call upon him to assist them in ob-
taining their right of voting for Members to repre-
sent them in the House of Common;. Alth: ugh he
had nothing to do with calling this Meeting, he by
no means w7.shcs.: to shrink from any responsibility
which might attach to those who had called it, ina6-1
much as he was fully aware of every thing which,
was to be done. Petitions signed by a million and a
half of the subjects of this realm had been sent to
the late House of Commons, but their petitions had
been treated with neglect. In this sta of things it
was their de:!n-inination not to petition the new House
ci to appeal, 1)4)14, raanfur.y, and

in a dignified tout to the Prince Regent himself, to
restore to them those rights which they were entitled
Ito enjoy before they were called upon, to light the
batdes of their country, loamy the taxes, or to sop,
port the Government. To restore to them the right
of voting fiar.those who were to impose their• burdens
upon them.
~Mr. Hunt concluded by calling upon
the Meeting. to conduct themselves peaceably and
with good order, and not to suffer themselves to be
led Ave), by the suggestions of those who might be
inclined to encourage riot and confusion. A Decla-
ration and Resolutions would be read to them, which
they might reject or approve as they thought proper.
If there was any person disposed to offer objections
to the sentiments contained in that Declaration and
those Resoludises, he hoped he would be heard with
patience. Their minds were open to conviction, and
they would not.decide hastily or imprudently.
- WAVION complained that some person who
had pledged himself to come and deliver.his sehtl=
meats upon this occasion, had not been manly enough
to shew his face. He had not himself been in. the
habit, until lately, of addressing a public assem-
blage ; but for more than thirty years he had paid no
little attention to the promises of public men, to the
measures of some of our greatest Orators and States-
men, and he had heard promise after promise, that
the day was not far off, when those liberties, fur
which our forefathers fought and bled, which had
been torn from us, should be restored to us. But,
alas ! faction had joined with the despots of Europe,
not for the purpose, as they pretended, of giving
happiness and liberty to Europe, hut to further en-
slave them. He wished the great body of borough-
mongers were present, that they might hear some
important truths ; and he (Dr. Watson) would fear-
lessly mount any place to deliver those truths to them-
It was not alone the loss of money that had been sus-
tained by the operations of the borough-mongering
faction, nor was it money that would make recom-
pence or retribution, but there were those whc had
lost wives, fathers, mothers, children, and almost
every kindred tie, by the operations of a spendthrift
Ministry—( Cries of -True, and Bravo!)—Every do-
mestic comfort had beef% invaded ; wives had fa-
mished from want; children had died from disease;
and others had been visited by famine ; and a son or
brother had been taken from a death-bed by the ef-
fects of the law ; and an almost general deprivation
of all human happiness had been effected by the ope •
rations of the law ; indeed there seemed to be a con-
spiracy against the happiness of Englishmen—( A p-
plause)—What recompence would those have whom
he had described ?—(Cries of " None.")—The cor-
rupt borough-mongering faction ought to consider
the situation in -which-the people of England stood
—means the most effectual to alleviate the distresses
of their fellow-countrymen ought immediately to be
adopted, else it was probable the people may be
driven to that state which may induce them to seek
that relief which the Government and its corrupt fac
Lions had refused them—( Applause ).—He had heard
a great and learned man say, that their hearts ought
to be strong ; he wondered all the hearts of the I:lc-
diets did not tremble at their conduct, when they
reflected upon the state of misery and distress to
which they had reduced the people of England.-
-He had seen the miseries of his fellow country-
men in their darkest colours. He had seen the mise-
ries of the industrious part of the community. He
had also visited the manufacturing part of the com-
munity, and their miseries were indescribable, all
occasioned by she Borough-mongers. In some of
those places they worked from four in the morning
to eight at night : he had seen sights, the most mi-
serable and loathsome—sights that would appal hu-
man nature—children of the tenderest ages had been
driven from their hovels to their work whimpering
and trembling under the want of food—( Shame,
shame ! )—The people of this country were now, if
ever, to speak the language of men. Too long had
they been trifled with by Ministers and their profli-
gate agents, who delighted in misrepresenting the
sentiments and will of those for whose service they
were politically created. It was now for the people
to say whether they would be minions to a set of
abandoned men, supported by a parcel of Borough-
'mongers, or not. The voice of individuals would
not do ; the prosperity of the country depended upon
the voice of the million—( Loud applause) ;—who
were now to determine whether they were to exer-
cise their liberties, or to abandon them for ever. He
was convinced that there were millions of people in
England and Ireland who were determined to die
'rather than to submit to slavery of any kind—(Loud
applause.)—The page of history said, that never was
there a meeting of despots, whose object was not a
conspiracy against the liberties of mankind. Those
who were now assembling, could not be supposed
to have any other motive in view ; and could the
valiant people of this nation see sixteen millions en-
slaved by half a million !—(No, no, we never shall.)
—lf Persia and Turkey and the East Indies were
looked to, it would be seen how many millions of
slaves attended the beck of almost a single tyrant.—
England was approaching to this extremity, and
would reach it if the most zealous and unanimous
exertions were not made. Were not the people un-
der the controul of the bayonet, and had not Mini-
sters threatened in the public press to use the bayo-
net? Had they not brought forward their cannon
against the liberties of mankind—( Great applause.)
But whom were they setting up against the people,
by calling in the aid of the military ? Father against
son, brother against brother. In fact, they were
doing that against which the feelings of human na-
ture revolted, and which never characte:ized the
most savage state of existence.—( Cries of Bravo!)
Those who should never be employed, except agaidst
a foreign enemy, were thus forced into a bloody
contention with those who were nearest to their
hearts—(Loud applause.)
Dr. Warsou then proceeded to read the Declara-
ticrn, which he said was the result of long and deli-

"
Mr. HUNT said, that as the myrmidons of Govern-
ment were ready to pounce upon any in the Assem-
bly who appeared warm, it would be advisable to
restrain the natural feelings upon such an occasion.
All the Resolutions in the Declaration were then
carried, and Mr. HUNT said they would, no doubt,
appear in the public papers, with the comments of
the hirelings of Ministers.
Mr. liver then said. that a Remonstrance to the
Prince Regent would be proposed, which was
couched in language such as a free people shoeld
use to their Sovereign.
The Remonstrance was then read, several passages
of which were loudly applauded by the crowd.
Mr. Gttesr addressed the Meeting. The chief
object of his speech was to urge the mechanical, the
manufacturing, and the agricultural past of the
community to think respectfully of themselves—to
feel that those who arrogantly called themselves the
higher orders, owed all that they possessed to the in-
dustry of the people whom they affected to despise.
These haughty personages were, in fact, the Inc-e
drones in the hive, where the industrious bees cc`,
lected their produce; and it was the duty of the bees
to drive these drones away, especially if they were•
very troublesome. If men were to be estimated or
respected from their usefulness, it was clear that the
peopleewhose labour was the source of public wealth,
were entitled to the highest consideration. Yet these
were the people least considered in this country; but
why? because those people did not duly regard them-
selves. For those people were not attentive to their
interests. Their highest interest was the examination
of the conduct of the Government of the country,
which took away half the produce of their industry.
Yet they rarely attended to this imprtant object
until tile distresses of the country excited them t 9
think, and compelled them to feel. The change
was fortunate, for the people now considered politics,
upon which icy were quite as competent to judge
:is those 'who presuined to regard themselves as the
highest order. But why, should auy man of any
mind shrink from forming an opinion upon political
questions? For the great Locke had observed, that
political knowledge was nothing but the fruit of
common sense applied to public affairs. This v.as .
the language of a genuine Englishman, who felt that
all rational Englishmen could and should under:
stand their public duties. Mr. Grest concluded with
proposing the establishment of a Committee, to cot-
lect subscriptions for the purpose of promoting the
views of those' who were advocates for a radical Par-
liamentary Reform.
The proposition was seconded by Mr. BLANDFOnD,
and carried unanimously.
It was resolved that Mr. Hunt should present the
Remonstrance to the Prince Regent.
Mr. HUNT stated, that lie should certainly comply
with the wish of the Meeting ; but as he was unwil-
ling to become a puppy at any Levee, he should de-
liver it to Lord Sidmouth. That Minister might lay
it before the Prince Regent or not, just as he thouelit
proper; but whether or not, the sentiments of the
people would be recorded. Ile exhorted the people
to preserve a peaceable orderly demeanour ; for they
must be aware that there were among them some
minions of the Government on the watch for an
apology to depreciate their character, or perhaps to
assault their persons. They should then conduct
themselves with peculiar caution. Let them act like
the Cotton-spinners of Manchester, who maintained
their rights without violating the laws. There had
indeed been no violation of the laws on the part of
these poor persecuted spinners. They sought only
for an equitable proportion of the profits itsulting
from the manufacture which their labour produced.
They sought that to which every industrious labourer
was entitled—namely, that he should be able to
maintain himself and his family, and lay by some.'
thing for a wet day. This was the right of an Eng-
lishman, and he should never cease to struggle until
that right was attained. Here Mr. H. animadverted
in the strongest terms upon the conduct of the Minis-
terial Press towards the journeymen of Manchester.
The malicious activity of these Journals had had in-
deed the effect of producing the effusion of human
blood: for the blood lately spilt.at Manchester was
entirely to be attriguted to the London press. Mr.
Hunt concluded with stating, that he would forth-
with proceed to the Office of Lord Sidmouth, to pre-
sent the Memorial, but he *quested that those who
might think proper to accompany him would behave
with the utmost good temper.
Mr. Hunt then left the Hustings, and followed
by the crowd, proceeded to the Office of .the Seem-
tary of State. Upon entering the ,Office, he was im-
mediately introduced to Lord Mmouth, to whom
he delivered the Remonstrance, and Upon, returning
to the crowd, who waited for him, Mr. Hunt stated,
that Lord Sidmouth had promised to send him an .ni-
, sr. et within a few days.—ihc c:owd then dliperied.
