FRENCH PAPERS.

'PARIS, NOVEMBER SS.
In yesterday's itting in the Chamber of Deputies,
MM. Cornet-Dincourt and Castelbajac were pro-
claimed Deputies. The duties of M. Angles, the
Provisional President, being thus concluded, the
elected President (M. Ravez) and the Secretaries took
their places. A Committbr was then appointed to
prepare the draft of an Address to the King, in an-
swer to his Speech.
Lord Lowther, one of the English Lords of the
Treasury, and Lord Stair, the grandson of the Am-
bassador to France in the time of the Regency, have
arrived in Paris.
The Court of Peers are trying Maxieu, one of the
persons charged as implicated in the conspiracy of
the 19th of August. The trial bas lasted several days.
We are assured that the first Law Project pre-
sented to the Chamber of Deputies will have for its
object the organization of Justices of Peace.
The Spanish Papers state that a dreadful accident
occurred en the S 1 .t of October. A case relative to
the Liberty of the Press was to be tried before the
Tribunal. In order to admit a greater number of
persons, it was thought advisable to hold the Court
in the Convent of the Franciscans. The keeper of the
Convent intimated his apprehensions, but he was not
listened to. The floor soon gave way, and seventy
persons were buried in the ruins.
Accounts from Barcelona, dated the 10th, state
that there had been no improvement in the health of
that city since the 7th. The contagion continues its
ravages. From 80 to 100 persons perish daily, ac-
cording to the Bulletin of the Junta, and you know
what faith is to be placed in its veracity. Thus the
malady has been going on for three months, and
there is as yet no appearance of its termination. In the
most critical days, the number of the sick in the hos-
pitals was only 600, and now that the city has lost
halt its inhabitants, the number is nearly 500. I be-
lieve, that as long as there shall be any population,
the fever will continue its ravages. Tice Authorities'
hope that they will at last succeed in producing the
evacuation of the town ; for this reason they con-
tinue to build huts, the number of which already
*mounts to 600.
A recent letter from Tortosa states the deaths there
to amount to 60 or 70 a day.
FRENCH FUNDS. Nov. 21.—Five per Cent. Consols.
89f 85c. Bank Stock, 1,595 f.
VIENNA, NOVEMBER 10.
We are now acquainted with the Note, in the form
of a Circular, which the Court of St. Petersburgh
has communicated to all the Cabinets of Europe, on
the subject of its differences with the Porte. It is
known that this Note gave occasion to important de-
liberations in the Privy Council of the Emperor
Francis, and that the result was the unexpected jour-
ney of Prince Metternizb to Hanover.
" It cannot escape the sagacity of the Cabinet of,
," says the Circular," that the Russian Cabi-
net was never in a more favourable situation than at
present, for obtaining, by means of a war with the
Ottoman Porte, the conditions proposed to the Divan
by the Russian Ambassador—conditions equally dic-
tated by the interests of the Greek Church as by pub-
lic opinion, which in all Christian countries, and par-
ticularly in Russia, is strongly expressed in favour of
the Greek Nation, so ayrannized over and oppressed
by the Turks. The Emperor of all the ltussias,
having nothing so much at heart as the pacification
of Europe, is disposed to make the greatest sacrifices
for the preservation of peace, and his Majesty is
ready to rerounce every idea of war, if the European
Cabinets should, in their wisdom, find a means of ob-
taining from the Ottoman Porte guarantees capable
of piotecting the Christians of Turkey from the re-
newal of the revolting scenes of which they have been
the victims. Such being the dispositions of his Im-;
peiial Majesty, the Courts of Europe are requested'
to consider immediately of the means proper for ob.'
taining the desired object, and thus to relieve him
from obtaining by force of arms those conditions
which the honour of hi, Crows, the maintenance of
treaties, and the protection which he owes to religion
and humanity, render it, his duty to require from
the Porte."

VIENNA, NOVEM3ER 11.
EITRACT OP A PRIVATE LETTER.

The Government appears to be without any authen-
tic news. The accounts which the Greek merchants
of this city have received are, as usual, quite uncer-
tain ; but the visible exaggerations and ei rors in geo-
graphy and date which they contain are notsufficient
to make us conclude that they are entirely destitute
of foundation. It appears that there is no doubt of
the continuance of the insurrection.
A letter from Sknlaney, a frontier post of Russian
Bessarabia, states that the celebrated Captain Jor-
daki, who was said to have been killed or taken pri-
soner to Constantinople, after the reduction of Secka,
has arrived there, and has been received with trans-
ports of joy by the Russian troops and Authorities.
Phis story, however, stands much in need of con-
firmation. Fresh Turkish troops are daily arriving in
the provinces of Moldavia and Wallachia. A com-
mercial letter estimates the Russian troops on the
Pruth at 120,000 men, and the army of reserve can.
toned in Ukrania at 200,000; but this estimate is ri-
diculously exaggerated. The half of this force would
be sufficient for the conquest of Moldavia and Wal-
lachia. Why assemble 320,000 men, and keep them
in a state of complete inactivity?
The exchange of couriers between the Turkish Ge-
nerals at Jassy and the Russian head-quarters are
frequent. The friends of the Turks at Jassy affirm,
that on the 26th ojOctober, the Porte had consented
to all the demands of Russia, and that the Ottoman
troops would evacuate the principalities, leaving in
them caimacans. But the high tone of the Turkish
Generals appears to announce the contrary. We are
assured that the instructions they have received indi-
cate a war with Russia, if not in the present year, in
the next. A Tartar courier has brought to Jassy the
Manifesto of the Porte, which summonses all Mussul-
mans to arms. A new call has also been made on the
Boyars to return immediately to their hoines.
The Journal des Debats states that authentic letters
have been received from Galaxidi of the 10th of

September, which confirm the above account; and
adds, that more than 1,200 Turks were killed in this
bank.
Letters from Vienna, dated the loth, state that the
Public Funds continue to rise. Yesterday the metal-
liss were quoted at 741.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1621.
• THE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
Whether the protracted calm portends a storm we
know not; but we do not recollect ever having wit-
nessed such a phenomena of dullness, languor, and
inactivity, as that which has prevailed over this
usually animated market far these last ten days past,
and appears likely to continue so till the settling
day. The anxiety with which a 1-16th is regarded
by the Jobbers, as a fluctuation, exhibits in a humor-
ous manner the impatience of these restless spirits,
whose operations are usually as rapid as they are lu-
crative; they, however, console themselves by the
similar situation in which the Balls and Bears of
France are placed, as the Five per Cents. at Paris are
as stationary as those of London : this morning there
were three Mails, bringing accounts of the state of
the French Funds for four days, and they are still
quoted at the same price, 89 f. 80 c. S per Cent.
Consols are 7814 and 78. _ _ _

Bank Stock 239-S per Cent. Reduced 771/4
l per Cent. Cons. 78 1/4-4 per Cent. 9S 7u %
5 per Cent. Navy Annuities 110% 78
Bank Long Annuities 19 9-16 1,/,
India Stock 242—India Bonds 695. pr.
Excheq. Bills £lOOO, 2s. 3s. pre. par, 2s. pre.
Ditto (Small) ss. Is. pre.—Commercial Ss. dis.
Cons. for Acct. 78 1/s.

Four days French Papers, up to Thursday last in-
clusive, have arrived, and bring a variety of intelli-

gence on the principal subjects which at this time oc-
cupy the ?üblic attention. The news from Vienna is
of a decidedly pacific character, so for as relates to
the Tut ks and the Russians. The Cabinet of St. Pe-

tersburgh is stated to have addressed a circular to the
European Courts, expressive of its peaceful intentions,
and calling on those Courts to demand from the Otto-
man Porte guarantees callable of protecting the
Christians of Turkey from the renewal of those re-
' yoking scenes of which they have been the victims.
How farthese Courts4bay interfere we know not, but

an article from Nuremburg states other reasons for
the pacific intentions of Russia at present ; which are,
that the first provinces the Russian army would have
to occupy are totally pillaged and exhausted. That
it would be necessary to pay for everything in specie,
which is by no means abundant in Russia; and,
lastly, that there would be considerable danger, of
the plague.
The Greeks are said to have gained an important
victory over the Turks, by land as well as by sea.
The scene of this new triumph was the celebrated
Thermopylae, which is eundbled by the brave stand
made by LaoNitma and 300 Spartans against the
whole army of Persia. We do not wonder that the
Turks were defeated here, for the recollection of
this event, and that it was on this spot the blind
EUTIVICUS chose rather to fall in fight than return
to Sparta and escape the common danger, must have
fired every bosom. The Greeks might also call to
mind that it was at Thermopylae that the Amphyc-
tiones, the common Council or States of Greece, held
their assembly in the spring and autumn of every
year. Such recollections must have imparted a new
zeal even to those who were already fighting in the
cause of liberty.
One of the most interesting articles of intelligence in
the French Papers is that which relates to the differences
in Spain. Notwithstanding the orders of the Govern-
ment, and the activity of the Police, Rt EGO'S birth-day
was kept at Cadiz as a public festival,both by the Autho-
rities and the People. No sooner was it known in that
city that General VANEGAS had been appointed Capt.-
General of Andalusia, than immense crowds assem-
bled, loud murmurs were heard, and alarming me-
naces uttered. A popular tumult was expected, when
an orator proposed that the Universal, of the 23d of
October, which contained charges against General
RIEGO, should be publicly burnt. The proposal was
immediately carried into effect, and it was decided—
" that General VANEGAS should not be received, his
mission being considered suspicious under existing
circumstances, and that the people were not only
disposed, but ready to repel by force, all kind of
violence on the part of the Government." Other
orators then addressed the multitude, and advised
that the Political Chief should be informed of their
determination. The whole mass then hurried to his
house, with a band of music at its head. His-answer
was favourable. 44 Penetrated with respect for the
general opinion," he said that he was " quite dis-
posed to address an energetic representation to his
MAJESTY, to demand that be should satisfy the gene-
ral opinion of the city against the appointment of
General VANZGAS." He then added, " that he had
called together the Provincial Deputation and the
Municipality to deliberate jointly on the representa-
tion which ought to be sent to his MAJESTY." 'This'
reply delighted the people, who separated, singing
national songs, and the next morning the Provincial
Deputation and Municipality sent off the following
spirited Address to the Kum, signed by all the
Civil and Military Authorities of Cadiz:
" suro—. Let os go forward in good earnest, and with good
faith, and I the dint of ye all, fa the path pointed out by the
Constitution.' Such went the expressions of your Majesty at
the moment of year tartar the oaths tq the Constitution of the

Spanish Mogan6y. The nation did your Majesty the justice to
credit this memorable declaration, and they would not give up
that belief, if your Ministerial Government, by conduct hostile
to the Constitution, did not presene,just motives for injurious
suspicions, and visibly diminish the confidence of the nation.—
Its 0111311SOISS and scandalous infractions of the Law, and of the
Constitution itself, the continual persecutions to which the re-
'toyer of Spanish liberty (General Riego) is subjected, the con-
sequences that have been produced by the removal of General
Lopes Banos from Navarre into Biscay, the nomination of two
incapable men, who have been declared such by public opinion,
as Ministers of the War Department; the extraordinary acti-
vity with which judiciary instructions are carried on against the
Liberals who may have infringed the law, singularly contrasted
with the almost incredible slowness with which those are pur-
sued which have been commenced against the enemies of the
Constitutional System; the continuation in their situations of
all the Ministers of Justice and the Judges who were in place in
the days of despotism; the changes which arc going forward in
the Regiments of the Army, in dismissing the Chiefs known for
their patriotism, to whom succeed individuals who cannot be
friendly to the new system ; the inferiority of those Prelates
who, in place of preaching in favour of the Constitution, de-
claim against it, and propagate doctrines obnoxious to it :
aL
concur in augmenting the distrust inspired by the Ministry on
their own persons, to which must be added the conviction that
is entertained, that all the measures taken by these Ministers are
openly directed against the overthrow of the existing system,
and tend to restore to the nation those chains from which it had
delivered your Majesty at the expense of its blood, when it re-
placed on the head of your Majesty a Crown, which it wrested
from the funds of the Tyrant of Europe.
" And if it required more facts to prove the justice of the dis-
trust of the nation relative to the intentions of the Minister, it
would sullies to cite the destitution of General Empecinado from
the Government of Zamora; and more especially that of the
Commandant-General of our Province,supplanted by the single
General Vanegas, in the manifest intention of preparing a pull-
tkal change, of influencing the Authorities in the affair of the
10th of March, which is' about to be judged, and also in order
to exert the same influence over the Elections of the Deputies,
in causing the choice to fall on such individuals as may be caps-
. ble'of overturning the system. _

" The nation contains in its bosom the most cruel enemies of
the Constitution, and should therefore take the most extraordi-
nary precaution to avert the danger which threatens it, if it does
not wish to see itself again reduced to slavery. To arrive at this
end, it is necessary that all the public employments be entrusted
only to persons known for their attachment to the new system.
The Cortes, who sensible of the absolute necessity of this, de-
creed that it should be so, and your Majesty ordered the execu-
tion of that Decree. General Vanegas does not offer any of
these guarantees; he has, on the contrary, given unequivocal
proofs of his hatred to the existing system, in refusing, when be
commanded in Galicia, to join in and consent to the general wish
of the People, and of the finny, in 1820. He preferred even to
allow himself to be arrested, and carried prisoner to Gibraltar,
as dangerous to the country.
" Your Ministry, who cannot be ignorant of the critical situa-
tion of the nation, nor of the decrees of the Cortex, of which
the object is to prevent all attempts against liberty, nor of the
bad sentiments of General Vanegas, do not hesitate to entrust
him with one of the most interesting points in the Peninsula,
and ought not any longer to compromise the name of your
Majesty, nor the confidence which the Spanish people accord
to the oath that you have taken on the occasion; consequently
the existing Ministry, not meriting the confidence of the nation,
ought not to deserve that of your Majesty. Thus, the dismissal
of the Ministry becomes indispensable.
" Under these circumstances, the Corporations and the Mili-
tary Chiefs of all the undersigned armed corps, moved by the
clamours of the whole people, and determined like that people
not to be a second time the victims of their blind obedience, as
they were in 1814, and to maintain the solemn protestation made
by the people at the epoch of the Ist of May, demand with an
unanimous voice that your Majesty revoke the nomination of

General \reneges as Commandant of the troops of the Pro-
, vitae, and restore the place to the actual Commandant in the
interim, who has given so many proofs of his patriotism; or that
one be chosen who may unite the same advantages and the
same titles to consideration. Be it well understood, that a Snit
resolution is manifested by the People and by ourselves, that
we will receive no one who shall not possess the necessary qua•
tides, as prescribed in the Decrees of the Cortes, and the oath
of your Majesty."

Hamburgh Papers to the 15th inst. arrived this
day, but their contents are unimportant.
A Flanders Mail also arrived.—According to the
latest accounts from Batavia the cholera works con-
tinued to rage in a dreadful manner at Bantam,
Souracarta, Rambang, Sumanap, and Passarouang
18.55 persons had fallen victims to it in the first half
of the month of July.

In the disturbed districts in Ireland, the spirit of
revenge and deeds of outrage, we are sorry to say,
are still prevailing.

Saturday evening, his Excellency Count Ltavrw,
the Russian Ambassador, Lord CLAIIVITLLIAM, Ste.
arrived at Dover from the Continent ; and yesterday
his Excellency and suite set off for the metropolis,
under a salute from the guns of the citadel.
We learn from good authority that thirty Pied-
montese Officers have signed a remonstrance to their
Government, against the occupation of their country
by an Austrian army.—Morn ins; Chronicle.
Wednesday, a nest, containtn; three piing soda I
was taken in the rookery at Harrod-house, Hants..
The Pamphlet written by Count SANTA ROSA9 one
of the Ex-Ministers of Piedmont, entitled De 14 Re
volution Piemontaise, has been translated expressly
for The Pamphleteer, No. 37, which will be pub-1
lished at the end of this week.—The Author well
describes the rise and progress of the late Revolution
in Italy, and states the causes and consequences of
its fall. In the same Number are also eight or nine
other popular Pamphlets.
LITSRART INTELLIGENCIWe may congratulate
the Medical World upon the accession of Dr. GRAN.
VILLE as Editor of the London Medical and "Owl
Journal, lately so ably conducted by Drs. Htrrcurn-
SON, FOTHZROILL, &C. icc. This I lonthly Pablica-
tion not only displays much talent in the various
otennunications written expressly for the Work, and
in the selection of the numerous articles translated

from most of the Foreign Journals, but evinces con-
siderable sff irit and independence in its Critical Re-
•iesas and • r, and comprises a larger body
of interesting Medical Intelligence than any comm.
Iporary Journal.
