ECCLESIASTICAL THOMOTICES.

Rev. C. Richards, Prebendary of Winchester, to the Vicarage of
Wanboruugh, Wilts, vacant by the decease of the Rev. L. Iretitan-
ger ; Rev. J. I)unningham, M. A. of St. Peter's College, Cam-
bridge, master of the endowed grammar school, Cuckfield, SlltateX,
has been elected Second Master of the Hackney church a England
Schoool.

Rev. W. Mauleverer, to the Vicarage of Tynan, in the county of
Armagh ; patron the rimate.
Rev. C. Bardin, to the Rectory of Derryloran, in the county of
Tyrone ; patron, the Primate.
Rev. E. Jackson, to the Deanery of Armagh.
Rev. E. B. Spoke, youngest son of the Bishop of Ely, to hold,
by dispensation, the Vicarage of Littleport, Cambridge, with the
etectory of Barley, Herts.
Rev. J. Warne, M.A. of Trinity College, Cambridge, late Curate
of Clifton, and minor Canon of Bristol Cathedral, has been collated
by the Dean and Chapter of Exeter, to the Priest Vicar's stall in
that ('a:bedral, vacant by the death of the Rev. W. Tanner.

ING, JUNE 7, 1830. PRICE 7D.

GERMAN PAPERS.
From the A llgemeine Zeitung.
Official Letter addressed by the French Ambassador at Madrid to
the Minister at Naples.
Sir—l am authorized by his Majesty's Government to make to
you the following confidential communication :—Ever since France
has opened its communications with Algiers, it has experienced from
that Power a series of violations of treaties and insults which at
length brought on an open breach. The King's Government hoped
that the lley would not delay to give proper satisfaction ; it carried
its forbearance as far as its dignity would allow ; and for more than
two years confined' its hostilities to the blockade of the Algerine
ports. This forbearance only increased the arrogance of the Dcy ;
he considered it as weakness, was deaf to all remonstrances, and,
after having expressed a wish to negotiate with the commander of
our squadron, ordered our ship with the flag of truce to be fired at,
as N. Labretonniere, who was on board, seeing that it was impos.
sible to make an amicable arrangement with such a Government,
was on the point of leaving the harbour. His Majesty had, there.
lore, no remedy lett but to use the power which Providence had
I plated in his hand. to maintain the dignity of his Crown, and the
interests of his people. But on considering the grounds of corn.
plaint which the Barbary States gave to the Christian Powers, his
Majesty has become sensible that the origin of them is to be sought,
not in accidental and temporary circumstances, but in a permanent
cause. which continually tends to the repetition of the same effects,
which must be sought in the very nature of these governments, and
in the principles and habits which arc interwoven in their organiza-
tion, and, as it seems, can no more be separated. There considers.
tions have led his Majesty to conceive that a chastisement such as
Algiers has at different times experienced from the Christian Powers,
by means of a naval expedition only, would lead, as has so often
been the case, to nothing more than an illusory satisfaction, which
might soon be followed by the violation of the engagements entered
Into, and new excesses on the part of the Hey. The King, there.
fore, gave up the idea of confining himself to a private vengeance'
by a temporary chastisement : he resolved finally to destroy
Algiers, the chief seat of piracy, and thus to contribute to tree
Europe from the inconveniences to which it is subjected by
the existence of irregular States, which offer no guarantee to
other nations. Under these circumstances, he received a pro-
posal from the Viceroy of Egypt, which was too conformable to his
own views to be rejected. Mohamed Ali Pacha offered to effect
the destruction of the Barbary States ; to introduce into them a re-
gular organization, adapted to the present state of the world ; to
take upon himself, the government of them under the sovereignty
of the Porte ; and to restore cultivation, civilisation, and com-
merce, in those once rich and flourishing, but now impoverished
and inhospitable countries. The King was the more inclined to
assent to these views of the Viceroy of Egypt, as the Hey of Tri-
poli also, by an unparalleled series of calumnies and insults had
compelled the French Consul to leave his post. But if his Majesty
thought it would be more suitable to reserve to himself the chastise.
ment of Algiers, and to leave to the Egyptian forces only the more
easy conquest of the countries nearer to Egypt, at the same time he
offered to Ali Mohamed all the assistance of his naval force against
the regency of Tripoli. The King has, therefore, approved the
proposal of the Viceroy of Egypt, and authorised his Consul. G-
eneral at Alexandria to arrange with the Pacha the nature of the
support which he would want. Meantime, the King resolved no'
longer to delay acquainting his allies with these circumstances, that
Mohamid Ali might be encouraged in the pursuit of his plan by
the general wish in its favour which would probably manifest itself
in Europe ; all the powers of which would be benefitted by it.
It was thought also that it would be agreeable to the friendly and
confidential relations which happily subsist between all Christian
states to acquaint them with the objects of the armaments to be
made at Toulon, and of the expedition to be fitted out at Alex-
andria. The destruction is to form the basis of the convention
which Is negotiating at Alexandria. The Viceroy engages also to
abolish for ever, in the provinces which he is to govern, tile slavery
of the Christians, and guarantees, in the most solemn manner, the
maintenance of the rights and privileges which foreign nations en.
joy on the African coast ; laying it down, in concert with France,
that with the reservation of fully acquiesced and existing rights, all
nations should be treated there on a footing of perfect equality. In
consequence of the expedition to be undertaken by him, Europe
shall be for ever freed from the tribute, forced presents, and pecu-
niary obligations of every kind to which it is now bound in its in.
tercourse with the Barbary States. The Viceroy has positively declared
that he will take the most energetic measures to prevent the injuries
which the consuls and subjects of Christian powers might be exposed
to, on account of this expedition, and that he will make the states
of Tunis and Tripoli responsible for them. Lastly, he has secured
the rights of the Porte, and engages to replace under the direct so.
vereignty of the Porte those countries which now pay to the Sultan
only a wholly illusory obedience, and to pay him a tribute proper.
tioned to that which he now pays him for Egypt. This tribute,
according to his own calculation, is likely to be considerable enough
to defray a part of the military contributions which the Porte has
to pay Russia. According to this principle, the King has consented
to listen to the proposal of the Viceroy of Egypt. The King con-
gratulates himself on being called upon on this occasion to take on
him the defence of the interests of all civilised nations. He rejoices
at uniting the sense of the offences offered to himself with the idea
of the welfare of all nations. In making to you, Sir, this confiden-
tial communication, I do not doubt of the approbation which the
announcement of such a plan will obtain from all governments, and
especially from yours; for, if DIVINE PROVIDENCE favours this
expedition, piracy and Christian slavery will disappear from all the
coasts of the Mediterranean. It will be superfluous to observe to
you. Sir, that if the expedition devoted to the destruction of piracy
will be advantageous to all Christendom, your Government will be
more particularly benefited by it."

GREECE.

MEMORANDUM OF THE FRENCH PLENIPOTEN.

TIARY,
ANNEXED TO THE PROTOCOL OF MARCH 22,

St May forth the reasons for adopting the first Boundary Line.
" This line of frontier (it is observed,) which, taking its depar.
turn from the Gulph of Volo, follows the summit of the range of
31ount thhryx as far as the Pindus, from whence it descends to the
Gulph of Arta, comprises an extent of only 65 leagues. It scph.
rates two portions of population, of which the one has already sub-
mitted to the Porte for the last four years, while the other has never
ceased to be, and still continues, engaged in insurrection; and be.
tween which, moreover, the difficulty of communication has pre.
vented the establishment of vnuch intercourse. It is intersected by
eight principal defiles, but not one of the roads through these defiles
is passable for carriages.
" It is natural that both these portions of people thus separated
should wish to find in this line of frontier the means of defence ;
but if the Turks have reason to apprehend invasions which the incli-
nations of a people who continue subject to them might possibly en.
courage, the Greeks have even still more to fear. The nature of the
Turkish Government is well known: the Supreme and Central
Power resident at Constantinople is, in ordinary cases, a tolerably
honest and faithful observer of treaties in its general intercourse witb
foreign States; but route of the military chiefs. nevertheless, permit
themselves to make incursions into the neighbouring territories on
their own account, and at their own risk and peril.
" If the frontiers of so powerful a state as Austria have often suf.
Aired from irregulas!ties of the kind, how much more reason is there
to fear it for a weak province, without any natural defence, and but
just withdrawn from under the dominion of the Sultan ; for a pro.
since, too, from which Alussulmans will be banished, after having
been dispossessed of the property which they possessed in it ? It
may he added, that by a natural effect of the inclinations and cus-
toms of the Albanians, the Porte will always have the power, with.
out the necessity of regular armies, by the distribution of a few
millions of piastres, to let loose upon Greece this population always
ready for war tool plunder.
" In this respect, therefore, both parties will find advantages al.
most equally balanced in a mountainous frontier, partially opened
only by some defiles, easy to be defended, by means of small forts
costing little to be built or maintained. _ _

" If the Turks on their side had not such advantageous positions
as those of Coraco, and Nlacrinoros, which would fall to
the lot of the Greeks, they would find compensation for these advau.
,ages on the west in the possession of the upper valley of the As.
polio:as ; while, on the eastern part of their territory, the vast
plains of Themaly, which sirctch from the very mouth of the de-
files, would present to the Greeks fields of battle in which their in.
fa.iiry could not risk themselves against the numerous cavalry of
the Turks.

"The suLantaim prtN:nted by the boundary which extends from

the gulph of Arta to that of Volo, would by no means be found in
the adoption of the plan which would inclose Greece within the li-
mits of the territory pmvisionally guaranteed by the protocol of the
16th of November. By the adoption of so limited a hoLtier, no-
thing would have been done for the safety of the Greeks, for the
tranqu'll;ty of the world, and fur the security of maritime cummtrte.
This is easy of demonstration.
" From the two castles which command the gulph of Lepamo, and
which are separated by a narrow arm of the sca—ftom the two banks
of this narrow gulph, the Greek and Turkish populations would
constantly be in sight of one another.
" The Turks, masters of the best anchorages of most of IllT parts
of the gulph, with the advantage of the winds, which almost run.
sternly blow from the north to the south, would have the power of
attempting at any moment a descent upon the Morea.
" The unwarlike population of that country would with difficol
offer any resistance to the Turks, the Albanians, or even the Rou.
meliots.

" The confnual dread of invasion would force the Greek Gt..
vernment to keep on foot a permanent army, which would exhaust
the country, and would keep alive, together with military halm s,
those barbarous customs, and that spirit of piracy, which has in a
great measure rendered necessary the intervention of the Powers.
" This same dread of invasion would disiecline the population
from employing itself in the pursuits of agriculture and industry.
by the fruits of which they would feel that they were only exciting
the cupidity of the Turks and Albanians. Instead of having secured
peace to a laborious and peaceable people, we should make of the
Alma a scene of perpetual war, and a nursery fur pirates.
" The tranquillity of the country situattd to the north of the
Gulf of Lepanto would be scarcely better guaranteed. The inha-
bitants of it have taken a very active part in the insurrection ,
great number of them are employed among the (;reek troops; others
have sought refuge in the islands. The restriction of Greece to tilt
territory of the Morea would thus force a great number of Rot,-
meliots to abandon their properties. They are too far compromist it
to hope for safety under the Turks ; and the 180.000 Christians
who still occupy the territory which stretches from the Mores to the
Gulfs of Arta and Volo sacrificed to 7 or 11,000 Turks, who alol.e
survived the calamities of the war, would bear with imprience the
yoke imposed upon them, and would constantly renew a struggle
which would call aftesh for the Intervention of the Powers, by carv-
ing disorder and the effusion of human blood."
