COURT INTELLIGENCE.

After the grand dinner party given by the King n. i
Queen to the King of Wurtemberg on Monday evening,
their Majesties had an evening party, the company begin
to arrive at half-past nine o'clock, at the Palace, and con-
tinued setting down almost uninterruptedly till hall-past
ten o'clock. Upwards of two hundred of the Nobility and
Gentry came during that time. The company were ushered
into the state rooms, some of which were opened for the
occasion. About a quarter past nine o'clock, the Queen
ieft the dinner table, and entered the state rooms, accom
panied by the female Members of the Royal Family and
their attendants, when the whole of the party were seve-
rally introduced to his Majesty. The band of the Cold.
stream Regiment of Foot Guards commenced playing 34
soon as the Queen retired. His Majesty and the King of
W iirtemberg entered the rooms soon afterwards, followed
by the party who had had the honour of dining with the
King. Soon after 11 o'clock his Majesty and the King
of Wurtemberg left to join the full-dress ball given by
the Duke of Wellington, at Apsley House, to a very nu-
merous party of the Foreign Ministers and their Ladies,
and the Nobility and Gentry. The King and Queen
gave a grand dinner yesterday evening to the King of
Wurtemberg. The dinner was, as usual, served in the
banquetting-room. Those present to meet the King
were the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland, the
Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Sussex, the Princess Au-
gusta, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, Prince Leo-
pold,Princess Sophia Matilda, Prince Frederick of Prussia,
the Dukes of Grafton and Buckingham, Marquis and Mar-
chioness of Ely, Earls Aboyne and Jersey, Countesses
Aboyne and Munster,Lords Maryborough, Downos,Glen-
lyon, C. Somerset and Clinton,Lady Maryborough, Count
Munster, Sir W. Freemantle, Col. Fitzclarence, Mr. Mrs.
land Miss Poyntz. Despatches have been brought to the
Foreign Office by a King's messenger, on Monday night,
by route of Gottcnburg, from the Right lion. Henry
Wynn, our Minister at the Court of Denmark. Another
King's messenger also arrived on Monday night, with
despatches from Lord Cowley, at Vienna.
GRAND REVIEW AT WOOLWlCll.—Yesterday the .
town of Woolwich presented the gayest appearance we
ever witnessed, in consequence of his Majesty having in-
timated his intention of reviewing the Royal Artillery and
Engineers. The shipping in the river were decorated with
flags, and the joyous appearance of the populace, to wel-
come the Royal Visitor, was visible in every countenance.
At an early hour the surrounding villages were nearly
emptied of their inhabitants, who poured into Wool-
wich from all directions ; and from thence on to the
common, where the whole of the Artillery and Engineers
stationed at Woolwich were drawn out. Precisely at
12 o'clock his Majesty arrived on the ground, accom-
panied by his Royal Consort, Queen Adelaide, her Royal
Highness the Princess Augusta, the King of Wurtem-
berg, the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland, Prince
Leopold, Prince Frederick of Prussia, Lord Combermere,
Lord Fitzroy Somerset, Lord H. W. Clinton, Sir Hussey
Vivian, Sir Andrew Barnard, and several other persons
of distinction. The Royal party were escorted in their
carriages by a troop of Life Guards, and were received
upon the common, opposite the Artillery Barracks, byLord
E. Somerset and asssemblage of General Officers. On
his Majesty alighting from his carriage, he was received by
the most enthusiastic cheers from the assembled popu-
lace, to whom he most graciously bowed in return. The
Queen was also welcomed in a similar manner. His Ma-
jesty, accompanied by his Staff, walked down the ranks
and inspected the line. Several military evolutions were
then performed by the Artillery, and executed in the
most admirable manner. The whole corps then formed
into line, and advanced from their original position
to within 100 paces of his Majesty, and afterwards
in review order, and again formed into line.
Officers of the Artillery then had the honour
of kissing hands as his Majesty passed. The Guard
of Honour in front, the Horse Artillery, and the Bat-
teries at each end, formed the square. After the review.
the Royal party proceeded to the mess-room, and par-
took of a most elegant dejeune a la fourchette, which
had been provided for the occasion. In the course
of the entertainments, his Majesty gave the following
toasts :—" The Royal Artillery ;"—" The Duke of
Wellington, and the Army and Navy combined."—
Lord Hill then proposed " the health of His Ma-
jesty," which was drank with the most deafening
cheers, and which was re-echoed by the populace
front without, the excellent band of the Royal Artil-
lery at the same time striking up " GOD save the King."
His Majesty examined several rooms in the barracks.
and unexpectedly entered into one room where some sol-
diers' wives were looking out of the windows in expec-
tation of having a view of his Majesty when he de-
parted from the barracks. The women on finding they
were in the Royal presence, endeavoured to make a pre
cipitate retreat, when his Majesty, finding their cause
of alarm, called to them in the kindest and most
affable manner to remain at the windows, observing at
the same time, that if there were no women there
could be no good soldiers. On leaving the mess-room.
four young cadets were standing, with whom his Ma-
jesty entered into conversation in the most free and af-
fable manner : the Royal party then crossed the cont-
mon on foot. Her Majesty, escorted by Lord Hill,
viewed the immense pile of ordnance captured at Bhurt-
pore, and presented by his late Majesty to the royal corps
of artillery and engineers. His Majesty expressed
himself highly delighted with the mortar practice.
and was occupied near an hour with this portion
of the Review. His Majesty then entered the Re-
pository, and after half an hour's examination, the Royal
party and suite entered their carriages, and departed
under the fire of a Royal salute, and the cheers of the
multitude, at half put five o'clock. The ground was
kept by a party of the 14th Light Dragoons. We
understand it was the intention of the King to
visit the Arsenal, and proceed from hence to Plum-
stead marshes, and view the Horse Artillery fire 70
rockets, but he was prevented by the lateness of the hour.
An immense number of persons were collected round the
Hospital at Greenwich, a report having been circulated
that Sir Richard Keats would have the honour of en-
tertaining the Royal party at dinner, and many persons
were greatly disappointed. Along the whole line of road
from Woolwich to town, his Majesty was welcomed by
the most tremendous cheering ; the windows of the houses
were crowded at Deptford, New Cross, &c. ; and the
King bowed to the people in the most condescending
manner. Their Majesties and suite arrived at St. James's
about half-past six o'clock.
Yesterday the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, Prin-
cess Sophia, and the Doke of Sussex visited the Princess

At'•
HALL AT Till DUKE OP Wituaorox's.—hfon-
day nirmitigplendid dress ball was given by the Duchess
of W n, which was attended by the King and
Queen and all the Court. The company at St. James's
Palace in the evening left at eleven o'clock, and in half
an hour after the King and Queen proceeded to Apsley
House, and remained there till half-past twelve o'clock,
when the Royal Party retired.

THIS MORNING'S EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

ittronT or THE MINISTER TO THE KING.
" SIRE—Your ministers would be little worthy of the

vnlidence with which your Majesty honours them, if
they longer delayed to place before your eyes a view of.
our internal situation, and to point out to your high wis-

dom the dangers of the periodical press.
" At no time for these fifteen years has this situation
presented itself under a more serious and more afflicting
aspect. Notwithstanding an actual prosperity of which
our annals afford no example, signs of disorganization
and symptoms of anarchy manifest themselves at almost
every point of the kingdom.
" The successive causes which have concurred to weaken
xhe springs of the monarchical Government, tend now to
and to change the nature of it. Stripped of its
maral force, authority, lost in the capital and the pro-
vinces, no longer contends, but at a dkadvantage, with
the factious. Pernicious and subversive doctrines, loudly
professed, are spread and propagated among all claims
of the population. Alarms, too generally credited, agi-
tate people's minds and trouble society. On all sides
the present is called upon for pledges of security for
the future.

" An active, ardent, indefatigable malevolence, la- I
hours to ruin all the foundations of order, and to snatch
from France the happiness it enjoys under the sceptre
of its Kings. Skilful in turning to advantage all dis- '
contents, and to excite all hatreds, it foments among
the people a spirit of distrust and hostility towards '
power, and endeavours to sow every where the seeds
of trouble and civil war ; and already, Sire, recent
•vents have proved that political passions, hitherto con-
fined to the summits of society, begin to penetrate the
tleptlis of it, and to stir up the popular classes. It is
proved also that these masses would never move with-
out danger, even to those who endeavour to rouse them
from repose.
" A multitude of facts collected in the course of the
electoral operations confirm these data, and would offer
us the too certain presage of new commotions, if it was
not in the power of your Majesty to avert the mis-
fortune.
" Every where also, if we observe with attention,l
there exists a necessity of order, of strength, and of
duration ; and the agitations which appear to be the most
contrary to it are in reality only the expression and the
testimony of it.
" It must be acknowledged these agitations, which
cannot be increased without great dangers, are almost
exclusively produced and excited by the liberty of the
press. A law on the elections, no less fruitful of disor-
ders, has doubtless concurred in maintaining them, but
it would be denying what is evident, to refuse seeing in
the journals the principal focus of a corruption, the pro-
gress of which is every day more sensible, and the first
source of the calamities which threaten the kingdom.
" Experince, Sire, speaks more loudly than theories.
Men who are doubtless enlightened, and whose good
faith is not suspected, led away by the ill-understood
example of a neighbouring people, may have believed
that the advantages of the periodical press would ba-
lance its inconveniences, and that its excesses would be
neutralized by contrary excesses. It is not so, the
proof is decisive, and the question is now judged in the
public mind.
" At all times, in fact, the periodical press has been,
and it is in its nature to be, only an instrument of dis-
order and sedition.

" What numerous and irrefragable proofs may be
brought in support of this truth ! It is by the vio-
lent and incessant action of the press that the too sudden
and too frequent variations of our internal policy are to be
explained. It has not permitted a regular and stable sys-
tem of government to be established in France, nor any
constant attention to be devoted to introduce into all the
branches of the Administration the ameliorations of which
they are susceptible. All the Ministries since 1814,
though formed under divers influences, and subject to
opposite directions, have been exposed to the same
attacks, and to the same licence of the passions. Sa-
crifices of every kind, concessions of power, alliances
of party, nothing has been able to save them from this
common destiny.
" This comparison alone, so fertile in reflections, would
suffice to assign to the press its true, its invariable charac-
ter. It endeavours, by constant, persevering, daily-re-
pented efforts to relax all the bonds of obedience and sub-
ordination, to weaken all the springs of public authority,
to degrade and debase it in the opinion of the people, to
create against it every where embarrassment and resist-
ance.
" Its art consists not in substituting to a too easy sub-
mission of mind a prudent liberty of examination, but to
reduce to a problem the most positive truths ; not to ex-
cite upon political questions frank and useful controversy,
but to place them in a false light, and to solve them by
sophisms. _ _ _

."
The press has thus excited confusion in the most up-
right minds, has shaken the most firm convictions, and
produced, in the midst of society, a confusion of principles
which lends itself to the most fatal attempts. It is by
anarchy in doctrines, that it paves the way for anarchy
in the state. It is worthy of remark, Sire, that the pe-
riodical press has not even fulfilled its most essential con-
dition—that of publicity. What is strange, but what may
be said with truth, is, that there is no publicity in France,
taking this word in its just and strict sense. In this state
of things, facts, when they are not entirely fictitious, do
not come to the knowledge of several millions of read-
eis, except mutilated and disfigured in the most odious
manner. A thick cloud raised by the journals conceals
the truth, and in some manner intercepts the light be-
.tween the Government and the people. The kings your
predecessors, Sire, nlways loved to communicate with
their subjects : this is a satisfaction which the press has
not thought fit that your Majesty should enjoy.
" A licentiousness which has passed all bounds has, in
fact, not respected, even on the most solemn occasions,
either the express will of the King or the words pronounced
from the throne. Some have been misunderstood and
misinterpreted ; the others have been the subject of per-
fidious commentaries, or of bitter derision. It is thus
that the last act of the royal power,—the proclamation,—
was discredited by the public even before it was known
by the electors.
" This is not all. The press tends to no less than to
subjugate the Sovereignty, and to invade the powers of
the state. The pretended organ of public opinion, it as•
pires to direct the debates of the two Chambers ; it is
incontestable that it brings into them the weight of an
influence no less fatal than decisive. This domination has
assumed, especially within these two or three years, in
the Chamber of Deputies, a manifest character of oppres-
sion and tyranny. We have seen in this interval of time
thejournals pursue with their insults and their outrages
the members whose votes appeared to them uncertain or
suspected. Too often, Sire, the freedom of debate in
that Chamber has sunk under the reiterated blows of the
press.
" The conduct of the opposition journals in the most
recent circumstances cannot be characterised in terms
less severe. After having themselves called forth an ad-

dress derogatory to the prerogatives of the Throne, they
hove not feared to re-establish as a principle the election
of the 221 deputies whose work it is : and yet your Ma-
jesty repulsed the address as offensive ; you had publicly
planned the refusal of concurrence which was expressed
in it ; you had announced your immutable resolution to
defend the rights of your crown, which was so openly
compromised. The periodical journals have paid no re-
gard to this : on the contrary, they have taken it upon
them to renew, toperpetuate, and to aggravate the offence.
Your Majesty will decide whether this presumptuous
attack shall remain longer unpunished.
" But of all the excesses of the press, the most serious
perhaps remains to be pointed out. From the very be-
ginning of that expedition, the glory of which throws so
pure and so durable a splendour on the noble crown of
France, the press has criticised with unheard-of violence
the causes, the means, the preparations, the chances of
success. Insensible to the national honour, it was not
its fault if our flag did not remain degraded by the in-
sults of a barbarian. Indifferent to the great interests of
humanity, it has not been its fault if Europe has not re-
mained subject to a cruel slavery and a shameful tribute.
." This was not enough. By a treachery which our
laws might have reached, the press has eagerly pub-
lished all the secrets of the armament ; brought to the
knowledge of foreigners the state of our forces, the
number of our troops, and that of our ships; they
pointed out the stations, the means to be employed to
surmount the variableness of the winds, and to approach
the coast. Every thing, even the place of landing, was
divulged, as if to give the enemy more certain means of
defence ; and, a thing unheard-of among civilized peo-
ple, the press has not hesitated, by false alarms on the
dangers to be incurred, to cause discouragement in the
army, and pointing out to its hatred the commander of
the enterprise, it has, as it were, excited the soldiers to
raise against him the standard of revolt, or to desert
their colours. This is what the organs of a party which
pretends to be national have dared to do.
" What it dares to do every day in the interior of the
kingdom tends to no less than to disperse the elements of
public peace, to dissolve the bands of society, and evi-
dently to make the ground tremble under our feet. Let
us not fear to disclose here the whole extent of our evils,
in order the better to appreciate the whole extent of our
resources. A system of defamation, organized on a great
scale, and directed with unequalled perseverance, reaches,
either near at hand or at a distance, the most humble of
the agents of the Government None of your subjects,
Sire, is secure from an insult, if he receives from hie
Sovereign the least mark of confidence or satisfaction. A
vast net thrown over France envelops all the public
functionaries. Placed in a constant state of accusation,
they seem to be in a manner cut from civil society ; only
those are spared whose fidelity wavers,—only those are
praised whose fidelity gives way : the others are marked
by the faction to be in the sequel, without doubt, sacri-
ficed to popular vengeance.
" The periodical press has not displayed less ardour
in pursuing with its poisoned darts religion and its priests.
Its object is, and always will be, to root out of the heart
of the people even the last germ of religious sentiments.
Sire, do not doubt that it will succeed in this, by attack-
ing the foundations of the press, by poisoning the sources
of public morals, and by covering the ministers of the
altars by derision and contempt.
" No strength, it must be confessed, is able to resist a
dissolving power so active; as the press at all times, when
it has been freed from its fetters, has made an irruption
and invasion in the state. One cannot but he singularly
struck with the similitude of its effects during these last
fifteen years, notwithstanding circumstances, and not-
withstanding the changes of the men who have figured
on the political stage. Its destiny, in a word, is to re-
commence the revolution, the principles of which it loudly
proclaims. Placed and replaced at various intervals under
the yoke of the censorship, it has always resumed its
liberty only to recommence its interrupted work. In
order to continue it with the more success, it has found an
active auxiliary in the departmental press, which, engaging
in combat local jealousies and hatreds, striking terror into
the minds of timid men, hamming authority by endless
intrigues, has exercised a decisive influence on the
elections.

" These last effects, Sire, are transitory; but effects
more durable are observed in the manners and in the
character of the nation. An ardent, lying, and pas-
sionate spirit of contention, the schools of scandal and
licentiousness, has produced in it important changes. and
profound alterations : it gives a false direction to people's
minds, it fills them with prejudices—diverts them from
serious studies—retards them in the progress of the
sciences and the arts.—excites among us a fermentation,
which is constantly increasing—maintains, even in the
bosom of our families, fatal dissensions—and might, by
degrees, throw us back into barbarism.
" Against so many evils, engendered by the periodical
press, the law and justice are equally obliged to confess
their want of power. It would be superfluous to inquire
into the causes which have weakened the power of re-
pression, and have insensibly made it an ineffectual wea-
pon in the hands of the authorities. It is sufficient to
appeal to experience, and to show the present state of
things.

"-Judicial forms do not easily lend themselves to an
effectual repression This truth has long since struck
reflecting minds ; it has lately become still more evident.
To satisfy the wants which caused its institution, the re-
pression ought to be prompt and strong ; it has been slow,
weak, and almost null. When it interf:res, the mischief
is already done, and the punishment, far from repairing
it, only adds the scandal of the discussion.
" The judicial prosecution is wearied out, but the
seditious press is never weary. The one stops because
there is too much to prosecute : the other multiplies its
strength by multiplying its transgressions. In these
divers circumstances the prosecutions have had their
appearances of activity or of relaxation. But what does
the press care for zeal or lukewarmness in the public
prosecutor? It seeks in multiplying its successes the
certainty of their impunity.
" The insufficiency, or even the inutility of the insti-
tutions established in the laws now in force, is demon-
strated by facts. It is equally proved by facts that the
public safety is endangered by the licentiousness of the
press. It is time, it is more than time, to arrest its ra-
vages.
" Give ear, Sire, to the prolonged cry of indignation
and of terror which rises from all points of your kingdom.
All peaceable men, the upright, the friends of order,
stretch to your Majesty their suppliant hands. All im-
plore you to preserve them from the return of the cala-
mities by which their fathers or themselves have been so
severely afflicted. These alarms are too real not to be
listened to : these wishes are too legitimate not to be re-
garded.
" There is but one means to satisfy them: it is to re-
turn to the Charter (rentrer dans la Chat te).
" If the terms of the Bth article are ambiguous, its
spirit is manifest. It is certain that the Charter has not
given the liberty of the journals and of periodical writings.
The right of publishing one's personal opinions certainly

does not imply the right of publishing the opinions
of others. The one is the use of a faculty which the law
might leave free or subject to restrictions : the other is
a commercial speculation, which, like others, and more
than others, supposes the superintendence of the public
authority.

" The intentions of the Charter on this subject are
accurately explained in the law of the `2lst of October,
__.. .. .

1814, which is in some measure the appendix to it : this
is the less doubtful, as this law was presented to the
Chambers on the sth of July—that is to say, one month
after the promulgation of the Charter. In 1819, at the
time when a contrary system prevailed in the Chambers,
it was openly proclaimed there that the periodical press
was not governed by the enactments of the Bth article.
This truth is besides attested by the very laws which
have imposed upon the journals the condition of giving
securies.

" Now, Sire, nothing remains but to inquire how this
return to the Charter and to the law of the 21st of Octo-
ber, 1814, is to be effected. The gravity of the present
juncture has solved this question.
" We must not deceive ourselves,—we are no longer
in the ordinary condition of a representative Govern-
ment. The principles on which it has been established
could not remain entire amidst the political vicissi-
tudes. A turbulent democracy, which has penetrated
even into our laws, tends to put itself in the place of legi-
timate power. It disposes of the majority of the elections
by means of the journals and the assistance of numerous
affiliations. It has paralyzed, as far as has depended
on it, the regular exercise of the most essential preroga-
tive of the Crown—that of dissolving the elective cham-
ber. By this very thing the constitution of the state is
shaken. Your Majesty alone retains the power to replace
and consolidate it upon its foundations.
" The right as well as the duty of assuring its main-
tenance, is the inseparable attribute of the sovereignty.
No Government on earth would remain standing if it had
not the right to provide for its own security. This power
exists before the laws, because it is in the nature of
things. These, Sire, are maxims which have in their
favour the sanction of time, and the assent of all the
publicists of Europe.
" But these maxims have another sanction still more
positive, that of the Charter itself. The 14th article has
invested your Majesty with a sufficient power, not un-
doubtedly to change our institutions, but to consolidate
them and render them more stable.

" Circumstances of imperious necessity do not permit
the exercise of this supreme power to be any longer de-
ferred. The moment is come to have recourse to measures
which are in the spirit of the Charter, but which are be-
yond the limits of legal order, the resources of which have
been exhausted in vain.

"These measures, Sire, your Ministers, who are to
secure the success of them, do not hesitate to propose

to you, convinced as they are that justice will remain the

strongest.
" We are, with the most profound respect, Sire, your
Majesty's most humble and most faithful subjects,
(Signed) " Prince de POLIONAC.
" CHANTELAUZE.
" Baron D'HAUSSEZ.
" Count de PEYRONNET.
" Alt )NTBEL.
" Count de GUERNON RANVILLE.
" Baron CAPELLE."

" ORDINANCES OF THE KING.
" CHARLES, &C.
" To all to whom these presents shall come, health.
" On the report of our Council of Ministers, we have ordained and
ordain u follows: _ _

"Art: 1. The liberty of the periodical press Is suspended.
"2. The regulations of the articles Ist, 2nd, and 9th of the Ist
section of the law of the 21st of Oct. 1814, are again put in force,
in consequence of which no journal, or periodical or semi-periodical
writing, established, or about to be established, without distinction
of the matters therein treated, shall appear either in Path or in the
departments, except by virtue of an authority first obtained from us
respectively by the authors and the printer. This authority shall
be renewed every three months. It may also be revoked.
" 3. The authority shall be provisionally granted and provision-
ally withdrawn by the prefects from journals and periodicals,or semi.
periodical works, published, or about to be published in the de.
partments.

"4. Journals and writings published in contravention of article
2, shall be immediated seized. The presses and types used in the
printing of them shall be placed in a public depot under seals, or
tendered unfit for use.

" 5. No writing below twenty printed pages shall appear, except
with the authority of our Minister Secretary of State for the Interior
at Paris, end of the prefects in the departments. Every writing of
more than twenty printed pages, which shall not constitute one single
work, must also equally be published under authority only.
Writings published without authority shall be immediately seized,
the presses and types used in printing of them shall be placed in a
public depot, and under seals, or rendered unfit for use.
"C. Illemoin relating to legal process and memoirs of scientific
and literary societies, must be previously authorized, if they treat in
whole or in pan of political matters, in which case the measures pre.
scribed by act. 5 shall be applicable.
" 7. Every regulation contrary to the present shall be without
effect.

"8. The execution of the present ordinance shall take place in
conformity to article 4 of the ordinance of November 27, 1816, and
of that which is prescribed by the ordinance of the 18th of January,
1817. . _ .. . . .

"9. Our Secretaries of State are charged with the execution of
this ordinance.

" Given at Chateau St. Cloud, the 25th of July, of the year of
Grace 1830, and the 6th of our reign.
(Signed) " CHA RLES."
(Countersigned)
Prince de POLIONAC, President.
CIIANTELAUZE, Keeper of the Seals.
" Baron D'HAUSSEZ, Minister of Marine.
" hIONTBEL, Minister of Finance.
" Count OUERNON RANVILLE, Minister of
Ecclesiastical Affairs.
" Baron CAPELLE, Secretary of State for Public
Works."

" CHARLES
" To all to whom these presents shall come, &c.
" Having considered Art. 50 of the Constitutional Charter, being
informed of the manauvres which have been practised in various
pans of our kingdom, to deceive and mislead the elector's during
the late operations of the electoral colleges; having head our
council; we have ordained and ordain u follows :
" Art. I. ''l be Chamber of Deputies of Departments is dia.
solved.

"2. Our Minister Secretary of State of the Interior is charged
with the execution of the present ordinance.
" Given at St. Cloud, the Mit day of July, the year of grace,
1830, and the sixth of our reign.
" CHARLES."
(Countersigned) " Count de PEYRONNET,
Peer of France, Secretary of State for the Interior."

CaaeLas,
1, To all those who shall see these presents, health.
Having resolved to prevent the return of the rnenreuvres which
have exercised a pernicious influence on the late operations of the
electoral colleges, wishing in consequence to reform according to
the principles of the constitutional charter the rules of election of
which experience has shown the inconvenience, we have recognised
the necessity of using the right which belongs to us, to provide by
acts catenating front ourselves, for the safety of the state, and for
the suppression of every enterprise injurious to the dignity of our
Crown. For these reasons, having beard our council, we have or.
&hied and ordain—

I.Conformably to the articles 15, 36, and 30, of the Con.
atitudoesl Charter, the °belabor of Deputies shall consist only of
Deputies of Departments.
" 2. The electoral rare and the rate of eligibility shall consist
exclusively of the RUES for which the elector and the candidate shall
be inscribed individually, as holden at real or paused property In
the roll of the land-taa or of taus.
" 3. Bach department shalfhave the namber of deputies allotted
to It by the 36th article of ths Canstisadeasl Chimer.
Deputies shall be elected, end she Member renewed,
in die fam sad kr the dos gzsg by Mo With article of the Con-
stitutional Charter.

" 6. The Electoral Colleges shall be divieLd Iran c
arrondissement, and colleges ofdepartments, except the I'AV of ri.•;
tonal colleges of departments to which only one devil, is
" 6. The electoral colleges of arrondissement shall consist cf .1;
the electors whose political domicile is established in the arrendi, • •
ment. The electoral colleges of departments shall consist o
fourth part the highest taxed of the electors of departments.
" 7. The present limits of the electoral colleges of arrondiss:te^•
are retained.
" 8. Every electoral college of arrondissement shall elect a tun,
ben of candidates equal to the number of departmental deputies.
" 9. The college of arrondissement shall be divided into as many
sections as candidates. Each division shall be iu proportion to th;
number of sections. and to the total number of electors, having rr.
gard as much as possible to the convenience of place and neig!•.
bourhood.

n• sy

" IC. The sections of the electoral college of
shall assemble in different places.
" 11. Every section of the electoral college of arrondiss..nieet.
choose a candidate, and proceed separately.
" 12. The Presidents of the sections of the electoral college of a..
mndissement shall be nominated by the pref cos from amoeg th •
electors of the arrondissement.
44 13. The college of department shall choose the deputies; 144:
the deputies of departments shall be chosen front the general list of
candidates proposed by the colleges of arrondissements : ncvcrt!...-
leis, if the number of deputies of the deportment is uneven, the di.
vision shall be made without impeacgment of the right reserved by
the college of department.
" 14. In cases where, by the effect of omissions, of void at datable
nominations, the list of candidates proposed by the colleges of ar-
rondissements shall be incomplete, if the list is reduced below half
the number required, the college of department mall choose avmher
deputy not in the list ; if the hat is 'educed below a fourth, the co:.
lege of department may elect beyond the whole of the deputie. of
department.
" 15. The prefects, the sub-prefects, aed the general officers corn.
mending military divisions and departments, are not to be elected in
the departments where they exercise their functions
" 16. The list of electors shall be settled by the prefect in the
Council of Prefecture. It shall be posted up five days before tt. •
assembling of the colleges.
" 17. Claims regarding the power of voting which have not been
authorized by the prefects, shall be decided by the Chamber or
Deputies; at the same time that it shall decide upon the validity of
the operation of the colleges.
" 113. In the electoral colleges of department, the two oldest elec-
tor and the two electors who pay the most taxes shall execute the
duty of scrutators.
" The same disposition shall be observed in the sections of the
college of arrondissement, composed, at most, of only fifty electors.
In other college sections the functions of actuators shall be executed
by the oldest and the richest of the electors. The secretary shall he
nominated in the college of the section of colleges by the ptesideti:
and the serutators.
" 19. No person shall be admitted into the college, or section of
college, if he is not inscribed in the list of electors who compose part
of it. This list will be delivered to the president, and will remain
pasted up in the place of the sitting of the college, during thv
period of its proceedings.
"20. All discussion and deliberation whatever are forbidden in
the bosom of the electoral colleges.
"21. The police of the college belongs to the President. No
armed force without his order can be placed near the hall of
sittings. The military commandant shall be bound to obey his re-
quisitions.
" 22. The nominations shall be made in the colleges and sections ot
college, by the absolute majority of the votes given. Nevertheless, ii
the nominat ions are not finished after two rounds of Sall tin y, the bureau
shall determine the list of persons who shall have obtained the
greatest number of suffrages at the second round. It shall contain
a number of names double that of the nominations which remain to
be made. At the third round, no suffrages can be given except is
the persona inscribed on that list, and the nominations shall be made
by a relative majority.
" a. The electors shall vote by bulletins: every bulletin shall
contain as many names as there are nominations to be made.
" 24. The electors shall write their vote on the bureau, or cause
it to be written by one of the scrutators.
25. The name, the qualification, and the domicile of each elector
who shall deposit his bulletin, shall be inscribed by the secretary On
a list destined to establish the number of the voters.
"!6. Every scrutiny shall remain open for six hours ; and shall
be declared during the sitting.
"27. There shall be drawn up a proms revba/ for each sitting.
This proem verbal shall be signed by all the members of the bureau.
"28. Conformably to article 46 of the Constitutional Charter, no
amendment can be made upon any law in the Chamber, unless it
has been proposed and consented to by us; and unless it has been
discussed in the bureaus.
" 29. All regulations contrary to the present ordinance shall re.
main without effect.
0.30. Our Ministers, Secretaries of State are charged with the
execution of the present Ordinance.
" Given at St. Cloud, this 25th day of July, in the year of grace
830, and Bth of our reign.

" CHARLES."

(Countersigned by all the Ministers.)
A letter accompanying the express says—"lt is impossible to
describe the astonishment and the terror with which Paris was
seized this morning on the appearance of the Monile vs. The 3 pzr
ICts. have experienced the following variations :-761.25c. 77f.
75f. 60c. Thus since Saturday the decline has been nearly 4 franc's.
" Half-past Three o'Clock-75f. 40c."
FRENCH FUNDS—Pasts. Jazy 26.

Five per Cents. 103 f. 1031. 50c. 103 t. 103 f. 2:c. 1011.75 e 50s:.
Three per Cents. 761.25 e. 50c. 70c. 60c. 50e. 761 110 c.
Rentes de Naples, 861. 851. 50c. 25c. $51.841. 901.
Rente Perpetuellesd'Espagne, 701. _ _ _

Exchange woo London.—LOne month, paper, 95f. 40e. money,
25f. 35c. Three months, paper, 95. 25e. money, 25f. 90c.—
Coursiftabentipse.

THE ARMY.

Yesterday the eight different recruiting parties for the cavalry and
infantry, at present on duty in Westminster, received orders freui
the Horse Guards to hold themselves in readiness to march this
morning for the country, on account of the approaching elections in
the City of London and Westminster, and the Borough of South.
wank. The men expect to be absent about three weeks, and are 10
be billeted in the neighbourhood of Highgate and Hampstead.
