.

of this day. They-shalt be ratified, and the ratifications altall be
etc' auged at the sense time. In faith of which, thr siectiye
) ropotentianes have sig. ed them, and affixed the Searel ot their
Arms.
Done at Paris the Such of Mar. in the year ot Grace, 1814:
(Signed) • The Prince of Bewevert.r.
CAA i'LIRRAHIi.
ARIRDRE%. 4
CATHCART. • •
CHAR L IS STawaeor, LieisteGesimix.
. -
ADDITIONAL ARTICLE OF :I'HE TREATY Wlllll
PRU,sIA.
Although the Treaty of P. ace concluded at-Basle the blot
April, 1795, that of :Tilsit, of th- 9th of July, lab:. the Conven-
tion of t'at is, of the .20th of September, 1808, u well as all the
C ,nventions and Act, whatsoever concluded Weer the Peace of
Bale het Wen Privista a.id Fiance, are already in tact annulled
by the present ireaty, the high clintract fig panics have judgeti
it neverthrkss proper ,o declare again
inssprepily, that the said
Treaties cease tu be obligatory, both the articles that are ex-
preswd and those that are secret ; rml that they mutually re-
nounce every right, snit disengage themselves of every obligation
whtch might Tesalt tram them.
His Most Chris ian Majesty promise's, that the eecreeslettueti
against French or reputed French subjects; being or having beet)
In the service e his Prussian Majesty. shall remain without
effect ; as also the judglbents which may have been given in
exectrion of those decrees.
he present add.:ional article shall lave the same force and
validity as if it had been ittaerted in those words in the 'treaty et
this day. It shall be ratified, and the ratifications shall be rcpt
(bagged at the same time. In fa tit of which the respective Ple-
idpotentiaries have signed tan& seised the-seal their arms.
Done at Paris. 80th May, in the year of our Lord, 1814.
The Prince of Ban 'mewl'. •
Commas A VOLIS7 US B'eros of HARD SHIIOIIOB.
• ramtigs WILLIAM. Baron de' Hurasotei.r.
—••- - -a

THE EVENING STAR.

LON DON.

,

84014 DAY, itYNE 6..1814.
PRICE oir STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK .
Reduced 6486—Cons. thutz-foe sec.B7ll-4 per Ct. 8i 82
• 2k. Long Anna. to—lndia Bends, Ts. 9s. prem.
Oinnluns, nothing dftv.—Exchequer Bilk 2s. ss. pre •
tre have received Paris. Papers to_the 9d inst- in.
elusive; They pre/ rent, as we expected; a copy of the
Treaty of Peace, of which we have given a transla-
tion.. The tonditiuns agree in substance with velar
we hate stated in former Papers. . -
Ttie lit Article establishes Peace between all the
States of Europe. - . •
The nett fonr *store to tranee the limits of Ja-
envy 1, 1792. (prior to which, it'it to be observed,
Site had seized Avignon, and the ,countrtes enclosed
• within her frontier), and make some further additions
ikhich at stations points appear to be merely arrange.
inents of convenience, all in favour of France. ii,deed.
_ bat not atbonoting in the whole to cessi.,n of serious
import to the tranquillity of Euiope. Beyond these
limits France renounces all those.abard pretensions
to sovereignty, seizerainty, of pgrambunt authority
• for the •acquisition of which the mad Corsican shed
faith oceans of French blood. 'the Navigation of the
jthine is to be tree.
By the 6th, Holland receives an accession of tetri-
:tory, with PtinfiSn that the Piing, Sovereign shall
*sever 'wear a • foreign. crown. The States of Ger-
. snarly and Switterland shall respectively form Moto-
' Plindilot contederationk Italy, exclusive of the coin.
'4ltiii to be restored Ko Austria, shall. codsist of inde-
x -,p(D4e at Sovereignties.
. By the ith, that most Important acquisition, Melt.,
.Ii Confirmed to this country.
. The tlth restores to. France a 1 the 'colonist, ifeateele ;
federiat, etc. Which she possessed is 1792, except St.
• Lucie, Tobago, ihd the Isle of France. -
'The 9th add ;10th contain the consent of Sweden
• to the cession of Guadaloupe, and that of Portugal to
• be cession of French Guiana.
'The 11th, I2th, 15th and 14th, relate to the time
and Manner of making the colonial restitutions.
Frage! to erect no fortresses in the East Indies.
The 15th and 16th restore to France two-thirds of
the shipping in the harbours given-up by her hi
sequence of the coneintion of April 23d. This stipu-
lation applies principally to Antwerp and Fleshing,
"of which the former is in future to be only a cannier-
_ trial port.
• The Articles 17 to 31 inclusive contain the usual
stieulations for protection of all interests which may
be affects d by the changes of dominion, whatever Islay
have been the political conduct of the patties interes..
ted. By the 21st and '23d it wi.uld seem that. some
pars of Germany and-Italy will remain chargeable
with the sums originally imposed on them to oleic
-
lain the Grand Dignitaries of Fiance. the Seeniein,
the Legion of Honour, &c. We hope wiinisurider.
stand the purport of these articles,, involved as 'iris
in a technical phriseology, with which we and List
very well acquainted. It would surely be a disgrece-
ful badge-of slavery in the territory of Roeigoilor
instance, to remain charged with a tribute to Saliiiv;
in consequence of the villainous part he took.iss
toying King FERDIItAND to imprisonment.
The 25d Article provides for a Congress to be held
at Vienna by the Plenipotentiaries of • all the Powers,
to regulate the arrangements requisite to carry this
Treaty into full effect.
By the Ist additional article to the treaty with
Great Brilain, both parties agree to use theirjoilit
efforts at the Congress. for a general abolition of the
Slave Trade. France in the mean-while promising to
abolish it within five 'ears.
The following additional articles ate alike honour'-
. able to both countries, by the engagements which they
pinta:42y contract for the discharge of all just debts,
and the annulment of Ell 'unjust confiscations on
either ; and England. with hertharacteristic
gs
• poteisty, vowelising tbAt after full justice has been
Joie tp her sntieets, the balance due to her for the
Witistanante cif Omura of war, which must be ira•
meal*, 44 be freely given up to France. Lastly,
•

. - .

to crown the whole, commercial arrangements tot. the
mutual henefit of hoth conntries are piomised.'
Such are the gearral features of the Treaty. They
are, we think, in every respett, with the exception of
one, honourable to this country: The article td which
we except is that which permits the cOntinuance of,
the uil uman traffic in slaves for five years.--Vs'hat 1
Great Britain a party to *Treaty which by necessity
encourages war, and murder, for the acquisition of
Slaves !—Europe, it is evident, has not profited as
she ought by the inflictions with which she has been
visited. Blood still cries to Heaven for vengeance I
and will be avenged by new judgments it this inter-
nal commerce be persisted in.
The Moniker of the 3d instant is filled with gene-
ral orders to the army and (alter departments of the
Goverriment, rendered 'necessary by the signature'
of the Treaty of Peace. •
The National Guards are to do the Paris duty, in-
stead of the regulars, and all the Royal escorts are
to be furnished from the.former.
The allied troops were to give up their positions
on the Sd instant to. the French, and all the military
authority of the former was to cease on that day.
The King has presented with the Croix de St. Louis
all,the Marshals of France, with the exception of Da-
kroost. Almost all the French Generals are raised
by name to ,the same destitution.

'THE ILLUSTRIOUS VISITORS.
It will be seen from the subjoined Letter, that the
Emperor of Rusin and the King of PRUSSIA were
expected to land at Dover as this morning. Apart-
ments are provided for theft) at that port. Their
Ikkakcies and suites wilt arrive therefore in London
:a we course of this evening..
DOVE.R, JUNE S.
ei Prince VOLOMRY, Qoarter-Master-General of the
Russian Army, and Aide-de-Camp General .of the
Emperor of RUSSIA, landed here yesterday out of the
CHANTICLEER sloop of war, under a salute, and soon
afterwards set-off in his carriage and six for London.
he Emperor of RusstA arrived at Boulogne yester-
day morning; at eleven o'clock, and will be joined by
the King at PRusstA this evening. These Sovereigns,
embaik to-morrow 'morning, and should the wind be
favourable, will reach this town about noon, at which
time the tide will be at its height, and the royal
yachts enabled to get to the Quay to land the Royal
Visitors without any inconvenience.—Count MoNSTER
landed this morning from Calais, and is gone on to

Town.":
The whole of the preparations making at- Ports.
mourn, for the Imperial and Royal Yititors, are or •
detect to be finished by the 25th instant. It is ex-
pected that a fleet of 50 sail will be assembled there,
and moored hi two lines, in thesaine way as nas dose
when the KING ?aid a visit to that port. ' -.-
His Royal Highness the Prince Royal of Skirenta
landed at Portsmouth on Sunday se'nnight, from
Cherburgh, whence be snide the passage in a mans,
poet which brought over released English prisoners
„fweir. He was accoMpanied by several Gentlemen
`rif rank, and attended by a splendid livery. A.'
Yiug's boat brought him on shore, and the utmost
attention was paid him when his arrival was made
known. His Royal Highness is s young man; pose
sessing a good person, and has quite a military airs
Our Readers will recollect that he b.re a considers.
ble share In the affairs which took. place in the a*
vance upon Paris and its subsequent cap. ure. Ho
has visited the Gtin Wharf, throughout which he was
conducted by Colonel SALMON, Royal Anther'', and
the Dock Yard, &c. ice.
To estimate the I) .ck Yard, the Prince observed.
it it must be seen—it is impossible to describe h."—.
hic_R. Bitarrarros's Hag ship at Spithead was also
visited by iiim. He walked about without pomp or
ciTemcny, being extremely easy of access, and aps
pears to possess ?vetch observation. He chose to visit
this country unexpecteily., to witness us as we ate in
ordinary times, rather than to come with the Allied
Sovereigns on the 46 wing of preparation," when
avcry thing around him might be supposed to be
sradied. It is his wish that rvrry person address hint
in English, although be understands the language.,
but indifferently, in order that he may derive prac-
ttee. He landed his equipage on Monday§ which is
splendid ; but the coaches are inelegant, and little
calculated for travelling with expedition. The tra
yelling chariot is very heavy, and the vehicles appear,
tohe of German construction. The Prince arrived
in Lenilim on Wednesday morning—a guard has a
station behind the chariot.
Their Majesties the Emperor of Rtmsta and King
of PitUtCA left Paris on Friday morning. General'
POTZUKIN, Aide-de-camp to the Emperor of Russui,
arrived in town on Saturday, as did Count Rasotr•
*,,sav, the Emperor's first Minister. Yesterday
the Princess Yin: worse' arrived in a coach and six,
end drove to a house in Curzon street, blaytair, pre-
pared for her reception. About two o'clock the Em-
peror's Chari..berlain, two valets and a cook, arrived,
lea several others of the attendants upou the Empe-
ror, arrived in the course of Saturday and yesterday.
The principal apartments of Pulteney Hotel, which
have been given up some time by. the Grand Duchess
for the reception of her Royal and beloved Brother,
was is a complete state, ready for: the reception of
the Emperor last nisht, and itwar thought by some that
be would arrive privately in the course of the night.
The apartments which were fitted up in St. James's
Palace for the Emperor of AVICRIA are to be offered
to the Einferor 01 Rolm.


THE dilt.ifr.

• •
,
LiCPEDITIIit;AMERICA.
'Major-General PACK arrived at Plynsputh, front
Botudeaux, on Thursday last, ard Captains L'Es-
raAeot and Sesame belonging to his Staff, arrived at
Portsmouth yesterday, on board the CLIIKER, Capt.
Tueeteoe, from the same place. The Etp.eliti,m to
America from the Duke of Welleigton's Army is
preparing with great dispatch. On the 2d of "May,
the Ist battalion of the 6th, and the Ist battalion of •
the 81st Regiments, sailed from Bourdeaus to Coik,
thence to proceed for America under convoy. On
Tuesday last, the first division of the Eepedition
were to sail from Bourdeaux; under the orders of
Generals Roetescr, Ross, and KEMP?, consisting of
the following corps: the sth, 27th, 28th, 42d, 44th,
58th,•60th (sth battalion), 76th, 88:h, and a proper
proportion of artillery And stores. The tropps em-
barked on the 28th of May and following days, on
board the line of battle ships and frigates.
Rear-Admiral MALCOLM had the command of the
amid force. The following regiments are also under
• for America, and will sail as soon as possible :
—the 14th Light Dragoons, mounted ; the first bat-
talions of the 3d, 4th, sth, 9th,37th, 48th, 57th, 81st,
82d, and 35th regiments. There will also sail in
company an immense quantity of stores, and an ade-
quate train of artillery. Lientenant.General Lord
tee will command the whole. It ii understood that
this force, when assembled, will attack a most impor-i
tent part of the States, keeping in view the destruction',
of the enemy's naval force, arsenals, Ice. The navy
will cooperate in the most decisive manner.
WARRANT FOR DISEMBODYING OF THE MILITIA.
(cotcuLaa.)
44 In the name and on the behalf of his Majesty.
" Whereas by Warrant under our Royal Sip'
Manual, bearing date this day of March in the',
Forty-third Year •of Our Reign, We did, for the
weighty and lawful causes therein recited, order you
to draw out and embody all the Militia of the County
of under your direction, and to hold the
same in readiness to march to such parts within this
Kingdom as might be judged proper to assign them,
under the command of such General Officer or Offi-
cers as we should be pleased to appoint over them,
and to obey such fuither orders as shouldbe judged
necessary for the Safety and Defence of tleis King-
dom :—And whereas a definitive Treaty of Peace,
between this Country and Franse has been signed
—We being most desirous to take the first oppor-
tunity of relieving our faithful subjects from the
heavy burdens and exßences occasioned by the war's
out_ will and pleasure is, and we do hereby order you
with all convenient speed, to cause the Militia of cur
said County of to be disembodied, and to
'nue all the necessary and proper directions on your
part for returning the said Militia, under the ordei
of their Commanding Officers, to their respective
parishes and places of abode, where they are to
remain subject to the same orders and directions
as they were by law subject and liable to, before they
were dramas out and embodied as aforecaed: and for
so doing, this shall be your warrant.
" Given at our Court, Et Carlton-house, the 9d
day of June, 1814, in the 54th year of our reign.
" By command of his Royal Highness the Prince
Regent, in the name and on the behalf of his M jesty.
Upon reference to the Section of the 42 Geo.
111, cap. will perceive that the lumber of
eon-commissioned officers and drummers allowed to
imam upon permanent pay is. not to exceed- one
serjeant and one corporal for every 30 men, with an
additional corporal for every surplus of 15 men or up-
wards, and one drummer per company, with an extra
drummer for each Rant company. It will therefore
be necessary that the non-commissioned Officers and
Drummers exceeding the proportion allowed to re
main upon permanent pay, should be discharged be-
fore the disembodying shall take place.
will be pleased to enjnin the
--Commanding Officer to take especial care, in the
mention of this part of his duty, that no serjeant,
corporal, or drummer shall be retained. who is not in
-every respect fit and qualified for the duties of hie
situation.
44 It only remains for me to point •
attention to the Sedion of the 42 Geo 3. cap. ,
by which you will perceive that the Adjutants and the.
Whole of the Non-commissioned Officers and Dium-'
.mers so to be retained must be constantly resident
within the place where the arms are kept, unless they
have permission to be absent in the manner and fot
the periods therein specified.
44 I have the honour to be, &c. Ike."
(cincuLAi.) Vl'hitthallo June 3.
14 I have the honour of transmitting to
herewith a Warrant which' his Royal Highness the
Prince Regent, in the name and on the behalf of.hie
Majesty, has been pleased to issue for the -disem-
bodying of the Militia of the county of I. and
lam commanded to signify to - his Royal
Highness's pleasure that it should be carried into exe-
cution on the 24th inst. provided the Regiment shall
be in its own county at that period ; or if not, as soon
alter as the public' service will admit of its being

arra there.
4, It is a very gratifying part of my duty to ac-
quaint that his Royal Highness has, at the
same tins* commanded me to communicate, through
yon, to officers, next-commissioned officers, drum-
mer% and private men, the high sense which he enter,

. , .
taint of theleensidd it, rin4 of the deal anti vphittiitiell
they litre ,nittlifeste4Atgrin set
.ntiiy Occasions since: •., .
t ley liar been embodied:
44 The COrinitinclutp, officer of t'te Re imcet at ill
in eti:Ortte re cede instructions IPOM the tieceeiary it
War np n file subject of the Cl •thirs, and othkr de-
tails connected with the ea cu ion to this ill-Ames
ARRIVAL OF THE ALLiEtil SOVEItEiGgS
Al' DOVER.
FAR OFFICE, ONE o'CLOCk.
The Aihniralty Telegraph has this louts 'll4-
nounced ihe following ititbiligence:
The Emperor of RusilAp tte King or piibsiA.
IsiuLd at Dover this mornll4, and etuy be raper.a4.4
Town to a I. w hour.."
it it nom, under,tobd that the triiperni of Rtstitii.
and King of PKUMIA have both signified their wisfi
to enter London in a private roomer i their Kijestidt
Are therefore expected to reach the Merrii•tlis in citric
travelling carriages in the Cootie of to:oight.
A Bremen Mail arrived this Morning !, it hat
brought ds an account df the embarkation of the
Patsies ItUYAL bf 44vansta, at Travemunde, fbr Nor:.
ways, he carries with him the eau of the Stiredidt
army,. and the subjugation of that new apotnd 'go
to the-Crown of Sweden is therefore e •nsidered as
certain in the North. The Bren4n Paperieontain a
long Proclamation from the It ossian General Bas-
NIGSIN, on restoring Irtunburgh to its original Gti.

irm.....
Lord and Lady Cema
attleLansaw' artieed *hit thete
suite, at half past twelve o'clock yesterday mottling,
at his Lordship's house in Si. James's square. His
Lordship kft Marshal Buxom at Boo'atm'. irbo,
preferred :attaining there to accompany the Kidg of
Petits:a to England.
Kiso's Nail MT.—No. 3940, a Prize of al"
and entitled to air4ooo; as First-drawn Prize above
,61 7, was Sold by Caatio..t. and Co. "at their Fortu-
nate Offices, Ni. if, Coruhill, and 26,. Otford-street--
where Tickets•and Shares continue on Sale, Watrao.
ltd Undiawn. The Lottery fluishes Drawing on •
Friday Next.
Oitiov HALL, Jul 6:—A vacance in the Repre-
s nation of the County of Huntingdon having taken
+lace by an !rent much to be lamented—C/4r Niro.
?aide 1414kman here alluded to departed this lili al. teems
,'clod this inoraing)—the Noblemen, Clergyinen, Gen.
denten, and Freeholders of the County, are re.pect. .
Lolly informed, that lord STRATHAViti intends ,to
offer himself as a Candidata, for their favours at the
.ensuing Election. His. Lordship is now at Gibraltar,
from whence he is expected to return to this country
iin a very short time, when he will take the earliest
opportunity of paying his respects to the Freeholders
•in person; in the mean time, it is earnestly requested -
dfit the Friebds of Lord STRATHATIP N ill keep their
Votes disengaged.
% -ARRIVALS /lOU F*ANCI At PAYNeII H,rfL, D011111L....
Vet Hip hnrhs thr Duchess o Courlaod, the Prince Metberiturf,
mad the Princess pagan, Count MUtti•Crai,d Suite, Sir T. Mr.L r 1 s
Faron Vrinto, Cow,. Blverman, lord and Lady
.Ciatkrragh,
i
Lady Barrty and Mri. °train General Maitland, Lord Items
Lord Nugent, Mr. Pagel, Dared, Ambassador to the Court of
London. Counsellor riawbs:dse and Lady. Laity Crainproa, Sir
W. inglrby, Count butebbmen, Aid•de Camp to Pillt{4 Swart-
set:berg, Sir T. Webb, after t S years ilnynsonment, Huss. F. De
'coos; Out Colonel RV ilontid.
Quebac Gazettes and Montreal Papers have
reached town to the 2d April, and likewi.e Halifas
and American to a late date. .About the middle of
February a detachment of the Britih Army in the
Niagara district, consisting of the 11 .nk c tr,o4iiies
of the several regiments. proceeded towards M alrien,
accompanied ,by a large body of Indians, to Jis.
lodge the Americans from their positions oie Detroit
•Riva. The British fiance consisted of about two
thousand men. By an ACC. unt of the operations
of a small portion of this twee, published by Sir
econoe PitIVOsT, in Gmeral.Oiders, it appears that
Ci
nAgi) taa isr" pSA Irsa tew Acßorn't mo. tt.,:tih e ut di ' Y.
•; 1 LSI ec : tts:a anh t:Gteener bold.
a 1
Dnumsuoso, had, with the Hank companies of his own
regiment, sad the light company ot the 89. h regi.
silent, directed en att ick, on the Ch inst. upon a body
.6f
Americans, commanded by a Captain Holmes, at
:Longwood, near Delaware Town. The (nein were
mush sup -rim- in number, and were very strongly
sted. The attack 'an Made doting the tight, but
after a severe contest of one hour and a half it was.
'abandoned. Our loss in this affair was, Capt..l.itite.
toN, Royal Scots, Lieutenant P. GRAME, 89h, and
12 men killed ; Captain Basnem, 89th ; Lieutenant ,
Mtl)ooat.o, Royal Scots. 5 Serjeants, and 42 rmk
and file wounded. The awn subsequently aban-
cloned his position at Longtve:d.
gied cf Match the American General
the :with about 800 troops, took possession 01 St.
PACOuArmand,n"and distributed his forces ttere and in a
strong position at Philipsburgh. He at the sometime
in4ited the inhabitants to moan, promising them pro.
tetitin nL persons and property. A respectable force
unier Major. General Sir Sint: itY BLeK WI llt had de-
parted from Mooueal, to attack the enemy at Armand
-nd Phillipsburgh. . - •

ante _
Saturday afternoon the following communication
was made public from the B ink al -England
Treasury Chambers, sth June, 1814.
a dentiemen—i beg to inform you, and to inquest you will
make it known in the usual manner, that Lord Ltvas root. and
I 'l.Ol he natty to ee any Gettednen Who may be de Vino of
contracting fur a father Loan tot the ter. ice or the present
year, on Wednesday morning nest, at eleven o'c'ock; In ord.r
to tufting them of 1116 savoust which will be wanted, sod rn 59
the time and manner of bidding ; and I hope it will be contr.
ulent to you, or one of you, to turd those Gentlrmun here et
that.hout. " have the honour to be, Getitirmr.
ne
" Your most obedient on var t,.
• (Signed) " YAItIIT-reeT.°
COP): MARKET. MARK-I.ANE. JUNE 6.
INi Mad a large gawky of Whist left weer from le.t week's
per iguart.r lowers
supply, but very little fresh la this nionaitlo. The sale. v. all
kin 5s is exceedingly heavy, vecept for that at prime wkb
oetyleriedluil
ularatilMatentredlayu'eatieeFrte.es.oatilss
arerlicyfotsassi;
per
qr.
lower. 1
utiret 'Aides no attention.
AVERAUB PRICE of CORN% ENGLAND and WALES,
from the returns ending the Yetis of May, 1814
wheat, stpo. Barley. Oars. Ikons. Pea...
1. 4. s. a. s. 4. Is. d• s. 4. s. 4
71 0149 9 1 se9 125b' 44 148 1
The stets,* Price of Stogy, compurodfroot the returns suede
• in the work lading tbe 'ln it Jens pee cart.

I

-
