Owl

.1

wJ
a.
Ka
is

VOW
abh
ua
avbi

97!

Nab
than

sios
Mfr,
dow
sito*4

: M
,mot

T
imiih.,
..,fra
is b.

!9 sal
art a.
—,_ i

:•
Huwm
tilt
'lli

MI

ten,
ravini

ihi Flight lion. Secretary vent *stunted h 7 some pet.
smsai teg/rd for the interests of his Grace The Duke of
N.-sr-castle ?—( He sr, hear). Rowever. he should in the
mean t me avail himseT of the Right Hon. Gentlem m's
'recommend% ten, and propose to-mot/ow to move for
'amended Returns.

M A ISERLY thought the pre.ent state of the law
In respect to Cerpotations was exceedingly dtfective,
and hoped the Right Hon. Gent. would turn his atten-
tion to ;he suhject in the
.beginning of the neat Session.
Mr. S•ctetary }TU., after some preliminary obser-
•ations, said, I trust, Sit, that in the discharge of my
duties in this House I have never shown a disposition
tike any unnecessary offence with language which
occasionally falls from Hon. Gentlemen in the heat of
debate. The Hon. Gentleman opposite has to-night,
however, made use of one or two expressions which are
so much beyond what the occasion required, or the .or-
dinary f irons of Parliamentary usage will justify, that
he must excuse me'if I call upon him for some explana-
tion of. them. I thilik -11 understood him to use the word
falsely, as it I had made some false charge against him
—(Hear, heal). This expression falsely, he will allow
me to hope that it was not his intention to apply pe►-
sonally to myself, or that if it was so applied, he will
now retract it.

Mr. OTWAY CAVE—Sir, I really understood the
Right Honourable Gentleman to say, that this pro-
ceeding on my part originated in some personal mo-
tives, by which he supposed me to be actuated, re-
lathe to the Corpoilitlori of Leteestet.• I home already,
tin the most di tinct and unqualified manner, stated;'
that this is not only not true, but that it is not
•borne out even by the probabilities of the case.—
The party of whom the Right Hon. Gentleman speaks,
and who have entrusted 'me with their Petitions, in
• cludel the wh,le population of the Borough of Leicester,
withrut distinct on of patty; and the vet,' petition I
hold in my hand 1, signed entirely by fteeholders, who
voted against me at the last election, and who, for
aught I know, will do so at the nest. I can only say,
thetifore, in answer to the Right Hon,,urable"Gentle.
Wan.* appeal, that if this imputation against me was
mmut tl convey a charge of such personal feelings. I
`spin again designate it as a false imputation; and I
*Milk* retract it, because in the first place it was most.
iant4r and unjust, and in the second place, because 'it
was false.
The SPEAKER—Order! Order! If ever there was
ab erasion • upoo which the individual filling the Chair of this
Hosea was called on to interfere between two et the Members of
She Horses ft ceftaioly is the present—(Hear, hear). I can most I
'mita* SWIM the House, as well u the Hon. Gentleman himself,
that if I had thought the Hon. Gentleman meant or intended the
• which be has used, to apply to any individual in this
, I certainly should have interposed at the time. But I did I
am In the remotest manner conceive that this could be the use;
talll must conscientiously declare that I was never more astonishe
the. I now am at the 'interpretation which the Hos. Gentienufn
las jest given--mistakiagly given I am sure—of bin owe word,-
-ither,itear).
IIr.OTWAY CAVE—I had no intention. I beg to
same you, Sir, this evening, or at any other time since I have bad
the humour of &seat In this House, of giving 'untold offence to any
individual in it—('Hear, bear). When I brought forward this mu-
ne I had no intention of making any personal remarks; but when
personal s. nutty' arelimputed to me, as they have been, I submit to
you, Sir, that I hive no other way of replying to them io the first in.
ewe, than by vindicating the grounds on which I have proceeded
is the manner that I have now done. If the Right Hoe. Gentle-
men will only say thatbe direct Meal the language be held to re-
flect spec me is the way thdt encoder it to have dew, 1 shall
have no hesitation in asah)ng a full and ample apology to hint,
*hick shall be satisfactory. 1 trust. to the House, as well as to him.
ea: but I roust. in the trot insane, hear such a statement made. 1
The SPEAKER—I am quite sure that the Honour.
iiila Geothenan has not Made a sulkiest reply to the call of- this
)loose—(Hear). I say again, that I could not have believed it
possible that the Honourable Sendentast could mean to apply any
impreedons like those which have bees referred to. to any Gentle.
Min In this Howe. le; however. be dia, die Hootrocable Member
will pardon me far aging. that not merely to any see
an merely to the Rause even, but to himerilf. he owes it now to
state, that he did not intend to rye them any seek applicatioe. He
is booed, I apprehend, to declare this to be se.
Jilt. arw A Y CAVE (-fter some padre)-1 can MIT
say this, Sir, that I did conceive that the remark which had beat
meth about my motives was fake in fact, and the observation I
made was delivered under that impression.
The SPEAKER—I am quite sore that the House
Will sow feel that the Hon. Gentleman has no choice left hint in
this ounter—( Hear). • He has untreestiostabiy offended against the
Affes. eE this House. He will be good enough to attend to the
Chit while it proceeds to explain itself on this head. The Hots.
Malibu must know, and every Member must know, that the privi-
kjes of this House are not to be trifled with—k will not tokrate
the use of improper or unparliamentaty Impure in say of its
Members, ar in any other lodieideaL lam confident shat he will
am be the that nun to set the rules of the House at deftest, or le
ny that be is prepared to wklaufff that explastatiom which the
Moms Ma a right to demand of WM as a leaner of duty.. I area
miler the correction of the Hewn i het I submit abet she
able Gentleman is out of stew, and he is decidedly boos s. give
Ike sort of taplataties, and to ant that apology awl reg./Wow
which it boos* Ay duty to reline at hie hands—( Uwe. hear),
nr• annuli Commas wag sheet se address the Hews. bet was
trowrsisti.by

The SPEAKER; who proceeded. This is the first
time is Woomera, et many year. detlelf which I [cave had she
bmwer M fill this Chair, that I have been called is so perform •
that which is, in my mind, the most Impermive duty amain( to
the Chair, namely, to call so an His Member to espial ea tie
Horst, and 'wheels k satisfactory toparatida for lasgsagt eospiortsl
by him, so senwarrantable is Waif, that I elit*k he has istrisged es
every privilege of this Haase by employ* And
lon sit down, stating. that it We Hon. Gentleman does not Wet
tech explanation and apology, it will be ‘fm linty or east Mee--
( Hear, hear). The Speaker toscludedityWin ell
Mr. OTWAY CAVE, who rose after the lapse al'
some seconds, and saki--Nsperson, Mr. Speaker, is moss willing
than I am to submit to a toilette from the Chair, whenever sew
lion may subject me to it. 1 do apprehend. however, that
It, sad the House, lOU hardly require of me that I ahsnM de
dews under any imputation upon my bemoan, and be eagmhell ha
"Aging ftif espreseions which were uttered 'fader the fain d
having boss most unwarrantably accused--,(Hear. hear} I Ms*
salt es the Right Rae. Gentleman to say whether be assent the
*potation et personal intidves to apply to me?—(Ne, no, front
several laliabefs by Mr. Peel).
The 14111411 KM.-The Honourable Gentleman still
destiaessudikeiruss the desks be owes certainly to the Chairs sod
KW more tp hierpolle wider an itopresuion that his boomer his barn
card is goestiop. The usages of chit Houseso far from owl**
my individual in it to be unjust to his own honour,will sot slew
it to he seep impeached ; and the Hon. Gentleman esid perceive
that he can in no way more effectosily.vindicate it thus by strictly
gto the hums and privilege's( Parliament.
t. OTWAY CAVE—Nu person, and I repeat it
wailsowdly, cm entertain more respect As the Chair, or for the
beds ks which the duties are discharged by yourself. then I do.
The SPEAKER—I know not how tar the House had
widerweed what has fallen from the Hoe. Member, in the light of
" explanation and apology for the offence he has committed, I have
as be.n„aaia is saying, however, that the Horse has called for as
isPiaaatioa;and it is my. duty to say. ax We asset, that I am hound
to sap apes the Hon. Member not only fir stresptassoon. but Air
all ti)Thly—( load cries of Isar). Ai I before stated. I never
witne;srdh epee any occasion, the feeling elf the House so unequivo-
"gf and unaninnorsly espres•cd as it now Is. I May. Nether
k _1414 that no Honmarable Gentleman need consider kis personal
▪ "wa. Welled is yielding to that feeling. It is the first duty ut a
"•
‘lbber of this llottot, our ten he stand clear on the point of
▪ vvve if be Is, nut make all the concession called for by the
ii"ve • haplaustion and *potion I believe to be the call of the
"coat and Member who consults the dignity and privileges
Iles House dames otherwise than best cornett hie own homier.,
1141 Right Hon. Gentleman having resented kit seat, called
,
•—we spat Mr. Dewar Ca, elrefore be rose.
r/v AY CAVE at length rote and said—lf I
het said shy thing contrary ao the wages of the House, or in any
•'a7 1(14 Ist a manner to convey disrespect to the Chair.for that I
ant witing to spersogive to the House.-- hlr. Cave having thou *po-
i I', moved tuwaido the door, apparently with the lotontion of
I:4'ing the Mouse; t was, however, promptly called beck by
'lke SPEAK , who appealed to the House whether

wse their pleasure that the Hon. Nlenther shootd he permitted
to add further insult to that of which he had already been guilty—
(Chien). The Right lion. Gent, then noseee.led. Tile Iloir. Alen'
her knows, as do all attire )ember, of this !louse, that if any irregu-
larity savouring of personality against the (louse, or against any parti-
cular ilember,he committed.* is not only an offence aeuinst the indi-
vidual Member, but against the House itself; and any apology,.
retractation, or explanation, offered in atonement of that nffence,
must not be partial in its nature; but that it is the duty of the
Hon. Member committing the offence to say. that in all their
applications. in all their bearing, the offensive expressions are
retracted. That I believe to be the feeling of the House—
(Cheers). And toilbs I shall be otherwise isistructed, the Hon.
Member shall be called upon so to meet the feeling of the House.
I know not upon whatitrinciple, or how, in conformance with the
feelings of the House, any Hon. Member who has uttered offensive
expressions, can draw a distinction betweer an individual in the
House and the House at large—(Hear. hear).
Mr. OTWAY CAVE again allowed himtelf to be
twice summoned by the Speaker before be rose. He then said—l
had trusted, Sir, that I had already shown that nothing that has
fallen from me was meant to apply offensively to the House, nor
did I intend to draw arty distinction when I said that I spot*
gised to the House. Should any Hon. Gentleman think himself
aggrieved by my observations, if he will say that be meant no.
thing personally offensive to me in what he said. I will address
myself to him, and declare that nothing personal wet meant in my
reply to his observation's. I appears to me, Sir, Mail cannot, in
justice to my own character, make any further aptilogy than this;
nor do I think the House ought to call upon me to do so. Gene-
rally to the House, and io you' Sir. I apologise for any word of
offence. or any want of older of which I might have been guilty.
I hope, Sir, that after this I shall not be called upon intake scourge
which appears to me derogatory from my own hawse%
The S eEA K 6 It—Tt't retractation of (he Hon. Member
is partial, and big auty to the House requires that it should not be
partial.--(Heark,iseisa. The Hon. Member ougheto know that it is
the duty of the `Chair 'to watch over and press:ear she personal
honour of every Individual Member of this House—(Cheers). And
the Hon. Member !nay rest assured that I should'not suggest any
course, the adoption of which by any Member would involve the
loss of personal honour—(Cheers). I again repeat. tkat the best and
surest made of Sustaining personaPhonour is strictly and cheerfully
to comply wills the commands of the liouse--(Cheets).
Mr. OTW AY CA V F. was again called upon.
Mt. SPRING RICE he e st t rpo e.l, and begged to,
assure his Honourable Friend, the Nlember for Leicester, that he.
as an impartial witness. could perceive nu offence in what had fallen
from the Right Honourable Member for Oxford Ile was quite
sure that, under these circumstances, he would not abstain frus,
explaining the mistaken feeling under which he had made the üb•
servations alluded to. If he had not mistaken the tone and man-
ner of the Right Hon. Secretary, be was sure he would bear hint
out in his impression of what passed---(bear, hear).
Dr. PirkARIORK and Mr. It. Cattleman concurred in this opinion.
Mr. OFWAV CAVE—Sir, aft-r she opinitm yo.i
have expressed, and what has been said by my Hun. Friend, it
would appear aunt impertinent in me to hesitate any longer (Hear),
and I beg to say I ani sorry for any words I have dropped, which
have been deemed ofensive to the House. I did consider that im-
putations were cast upon me, and not for the first time, in this
House, although I hams always forborne reply. which merited the
answer I made. I beg kayo to say, however, that I make the
apology required of me in the sense in which you, St, have de-
manded it—(Hear. bear).
Mr. Secielary PEEL —I am sure, Sir, that the
Hesse will see I could not accept the proposition of the Hon.
Neenher, and consent to receive his concession at the price of my
whin [lid he asked me in the first instance if I meant anything
personally offensive to him. I should have assured hint that I did
wt. bait was utterly impossible I could take that course. when
it was made the stipulation of the Hon. Aletnher to do that which,
in the judgment of the Chair, and the feelings of the whole House,
he was called upon to do—(Hear, bear). lam sure that when an
Honourable klember gets up and makes the declaration just now
made, in Compliance with the call of the House. be means it use.
quivocally and sincerely— (Hear, bear. bear). I have, then, Jo
dandty in now saying, than in any observations I made, I bane
intention whatever of wounding the feelings, or impeaching the
character or honour of the Hon. Member—(Hear, bear. hear).-se
Really, Sir, with the duties which I have to discharge in this
House, obliged as I am to watch everything that pawes, my lass
gone and line of argument ought not to be viewed with too sere.;
palms or captious an eye—(Hear, hear). All that I meant to say
leas, that where !seal feelings here prevailed to a high degree, they
most necessarily engender a desire to extend their operation beyond
their natural sphere. and that it would be wrong in the House to
encourage their indulgence, or interfere, whour,there is another
jurisdiction to try the real merits. After what the Hon. Gentle-
man bas said. I have no difficulty in stating this. I ass sure the
Hon. Gentkmen will see that the only alternative for him was to
take the course suggested by the Chair; and I assure him—as the
general sense of the House has already conveyed to him—that not
one word of what I said could justify on his part the application
or a single angry term—( Hear, hear, hear.)
Mr. OI'WAY CAVE then obtained leave to SiAtlidraw the
nastion, giving notice that be would to. morrow (this day) move that
the eaten de intended.
Meath* Orders dl the Day were then moved.

PitANIL 111 OT 111414.

On the molests fnr going into Committee,
?dr. I.F.ICESTER opposed the motion, saying. that be was of
opinion that the reduction of taxes was a better means of applying
a surplus revenue than creating a Sinking Fund.
Mr. D. GILBERT thought Mr. Pitt's principle of an efficient
Sinking Fund' ought never to have beets departed trom.
The House bating gene into Committee.
The CHA NCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that he was
anginas ma to impose this measure on the House as a permanent
one, and he would therefore move to All up the blank, limiting the
operation of the Bill, by the words sth July, 1829, and followed by
these words—provided Parliament do not in the mean time make
some ether arrangement. By this nseans they would ensure the
consideration of it in July neat year, and the power of re-considera-
tion before that period if they pleased.
The Sugar Bill was rend a second time, and ordered to be CM*
slatted t. nwirrow.

The Irish Butter Bill was read a third time sod passed.
The other Ordeal of the Day were then disposed at atol the
House adywaved as a Quisansa as Tweios *twee.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1828.

•STOCK RXCHANGK, TWELVE O'CLOCIG
rinsillifielpostrd this aserniag at for the Account, sod (or'
neat tinse'S4 to SS; since which. the market is not quite IS pod.
although no speculation of consequence has as yet taken place.
CITY. HALF-PAST ON& O'CLOCK.
Coo9ol{ have been atietuating. during the MOraints 1,191.011 •
and ISI. sea st Freeing may be quoted at skelottilltli Accounti
and SIN for nestTbe Commissioners p
Groat misty is new felt for the delay of the arrival of dig Del:
last eteenser.
In the Foreign market very little is doing. and*Portugliallil IN*
has rather improved. bat that of Mexican is not so goad.
PRICK OF STOCKS AT FOUR (ECU 'CC
Bank Stock i India Bonds 105

2 per Cast. La gni • 71. Oki Annuities
2per CLCasse. 691 11 9242. New Ditto 86j
31 per Cent. 921 /1000 Bache+ RBIs 72 5
21 per Cent. Red. 911 j 1500 Ditto 72 3
4 per Ct. New.tOle I maw. Aim and 1200 Ditto 72 1
4 per Cent. 1826, 1241 Advertised
Long Ann. 19 1346 Bank for Acct.
India Stock Consols for Acct. 881 I
1101tEleiN RINDS, TWO 4ECI.OLK.
Austriss Beads, S p. Ct 95 Porttig.Bds.SpC.
Median Ns. 5 p1:t.62 Do Acct. 561 1 61
DoAcct 6111 1 It Prow. Bonds.s p Ct 1021
oweilifitan Irma., 6 per Ct. Rua...M..18'22,S per Ct. 941 1
Do. Bonds,* 624„ Spanish Lids Sp Ct. 11
Do Acct. 11 31 De $lO, 101 11
Mrs Bds. 5 P1i1291 1 French Rentes, 5 p Ct. 72175 e
Nl ex.lids,lB2S, Ct. 401 Exchange 25130 e
Do. Ace. 401 Do. Acct.
illtiTlbH AND FOREIGN SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK.
MA OM VA M.
100 90 31 321
35 20 72
40 38 171 18

Mesizan
Ikazdian
United itigLicaa

In the Honse of Lords the 801 l for the Regulation of,
C .rporate Funds, and preveniing their misapplication
WAS rejected by a majorsty of thirty-one, on the Amend-
ment proposed by the LORD CRAWCILLOR, end stir
pisorted by the Earl of ELDON. As the law w stands

I Corporation, like la ind.visloal, has a right to apply
its Innis, not destined to.specific purpose•, according
toils nwn pleasure—wltlch pleasure is, a. every one
knows, frequently to spend k in electi ns. Tnete are
great objections' to the least interference with pri•a'e
property, but there is al`.‘o k wide distinctiod between
the money (4' Corporatiops which was Fiven them as a
public trust, anti that of an istlividUal, who is morally
responsible to no.one.
In•the House orCoMniOns Mr. Hums presented his
threatened Petition against Sir JOHN NiCHOLL for al-
leged mal-administration of the Prerogative Court, of
..Ilia he is Judge, and particularly in the matter of
" Peddle v. Evans." Dr. Lusturcatort defended Sir
Joitk NrCHOLL With much ability, and had so far the
sense of the House with him, thst the motion for the
Petition to lie on the table was rejected. Mr. HUNG,
however, intimated his intention of bringing the subject
col again to-night, in the shape of a motion for inquiry
into the Fees of the Prerogative Court.

The Paris Papers of Tuesday inform us that the Law
on the Periodical Press, abolishing the Censorship aad
the other offensive restrictions, has passed the Chamber
of Peers. The nrea.ure will, of course, be extremely
papular tfrioughout France. Under the head of Bucha-
nisi, it appears that Oen. ROTH has passed the Danube
with his 40,000 men. and invested Stlistria. The
Miguelite army entered Oporto on the 4cl of July,
amidst the applause of the people. What is become oi
the Constitutional party that was said to be so strong in
Oporto, does not appear ; they are probably dispersed,
or dare mit show their faces before MIGUEL'S troops.

From the French PAprIS. receieed at the North and
South American CAree House this morning:

BRUSSELS, Juie 13.

Accounts I►ave been received at Utrecht, by the Royal
steamboat Curacoa, from Curacoa, of the Sd •f June,
statikk that disseotions continue to prevail in Colombia;
and Bolivar knows how to take advantage of these
commotions on every occasion, to execute his plans of
tyranny. At Carthagena, the troops which Bolivar
gained over cried out •Long live Bolivar! Down with
the adherents of Santander !" The people, finding these
cries were an attemit again•t their liberty, immediately
cried out "Long live the Constitution! Down with
Bolivar and the agents of slavery !" Alter which they
Came to blows, and blood was shed on both sidesoft-
General Padilla, who is deer tul to the cause of the
people, went with some Officers to Ocana, to offer his
sword to the National Convectin, to maintain the
liberty of the people of Colombia; but he was arrested)
wit) his companions, by Bolivar, and is to be sbr t.
According to ulterior accounts, B has caused
to be shot, near °cams, twelve Officers, implicated in
the insurrection of Pastille, at Carthagena : six other
Officers have been banished. The Gazelle of Colombia)
published at Bogota, has been suppressed, and the
Editor arrested, as well as six other persons Of Noble
•charact•r, who have been banished. These persons
have arrived at Cur4cos.

The German Paper of ui 10th inst. contain no &e-
-ther news from the theatre of war. The following ar-
ticle on the affairs of Russia and Turkey will be read

with some interest:

SMYRNA, MAY £4.

The Convention of the 6th of July was intended to prevent a
entracte/ern Russia and Turkey. The Russians declared war: it
aimed at preventing the 'GI eeks from falling under the supremacy
of way Power: Cape d'istria, a Russian Minister, was placed st
the bead of the State. The destruction of two fleets at Navarin
was advantage only to the Greek, or rather to the Russian Ma.
rine. Moldavia and Wallachia, already half subject to Russia by
the Treaty of Ackermann+, will become wholly so by the right et
sonquest. Two important districts of Persia have also become
Russian prtivinas. Thus fruit falls from all sides into the lap of
Russia, which is precisely What the Treaty was de-signed to pre-
vent. Such are the results whets the hale spun web of calcalaties
is substituted for solid principles and a straight-forward mode of
acting. Prance and England are moat deeply interested that
Russia should not penetrate into the heart of the Ottoman
Empire; bat the round of the Porte to accept the mediation'
binders these States from attoittlinf to davit own interest, nay,
compels them to suppeq egalilliSeif Wills the adverse interest
of Russia. While the ~eve M that preparing dangers fur
these two States, it seems to 'deceive itself with respect to
its own danger. Let us look at this a little more closely. In
former wars the Porte commanded the Black Rea—its marine far
superior to the Russian, not only protected its own coasts, but
threatened those of the enemy. Now the parts are changed, and
the superiority of its fleet gives Russia the inestimable advantage
of easy commultication by sea. With a espect to' the physical and
Atotal force of she Turkish army, the Porte most not conceal from
Waif that It I; at this moment at the critical point which occurs in
worry evolution. The ancient interests are overthrown, and the
new ow not consolidated. It is the moment of weakness. after a
violent fever. If the Russian lea combines its operations with
thin...of she army, it will take possession of Varna. and Burgas
op* Ow way with provisions—and thus relieve it from the neees-
sity'ai kin* ha supplies with it. Thus the enemy may leave behind
It tai 1884111.100 the Danube—nay, even the celebrated position of
Odllo4lll/0114Arnetrale rapidly, almost without obstacle, into the
;H 10.4gegotia. The passes of the Balkan may soon be

iliaU Moved from the troublesome attendance of
provision 'Wont, On take at Varna the small quantity required
for two deye march, la the certainty that they, will meet with a
fresh "apply ea the other side of the Balkan. What danger would
the Porte be in if the &mita army, posted in this manner. at the
distance of only 40 know front the capital, on the main mad lead-
ing to it, with its kft wing supported by Burgas. from Which it
would draw its provisions, and its right by Adrianople, the second
capital of the. empire, in one of the must fertile provinces-,--while
on the other side the peace with Persia opens a new wily into
the heart of the empire : w that the provinces of Asia are
equally threatened with those of Europe. Russia proleeds
according to a twofold object. It announces that its blamer
is attached to the Treaty of London, and thus it calls on the
bonour of its allies, which is interested in the same question. It
advances to a/env personal injuries. and advances as rapidly as
possible, in older to anticipate by its movements all reikellons
upon them. It declares to its allies—" Kitber the three PoOrw,
act in common, or Russia acts alone, but with the approbatiost of
the other two; or lastly, it acts without their support and writ.
kft entirely to its own means, but then it I. led to consult only its
oven interest in the mode of execution." If the Porte accept* the
mediation with respect to Greece, France and England are frac to
act; Austria joins them, and all the dangers that threatened the
existence of the Pure vanish.—easerier le dorm. Ably t 4.
The same Journal contains a letter front Aktar.dria Si May 4,1
which gives a very unfavourable account of the state el the avatry.
—Act-swim Zeiholf. July 10.

WINDSOR, Jct., 17.

Ye.tertioy morning the Doke of CA4amoos tel.! •he
Royal Lodge and proceeded to Frogmore Lodge, where his Royal!
Ilighttesshail die pleasure of iirealifadhg siith his Rom sityr.
Princess Aridtrra, 3yeith'whiiiii be passed dead, twit .letthe whisi
be, topit leave and retme4l.to town..
Yesterday Prince Canine of C.,nwaitatann. aceimuonaled bride
tutor (the Reverend Mr. Jake) and Colopel Trimmest, arrived at
the Royal !tend e. on a vi4it to his' Maasarr, with wit.... they had
the honour of dining and pawing the renting. The Kies. peivate
band were in attendance, and played several select pieces.
This, day, the Roo, accompanied by Prince Qtrescia of Commas
LAND, the Losn &maw Sir ABIDRAW hammer. Ur. Jet', Cei.
Tuosirrox; &c. dined it Vitiginia Water, iiherehis Maar/err cam;
menced, for the first time this *east*. his aquatic excursions on
that F.ke. At half-past Iles dinner was served up in the Royal
' marquee. Ills Majesty's private,hand were 'in attendance, and
played during the time of dinner and the excursion on the lake.
Last night a.-private of the Life Ourds, on duty here, met Ma
death in a very sudden manlier; having an appointment to tote( a..
young woman, who (snowed btu from London, after round being
caned. and the barrack gates tiomeit, be gbt over the wall at ten
o'clock ; when an Met happening to pass by at the moment, he
run across the fields, the °Beer pursuing him; in his Sight he fell
into a pit of wafer foifrteen feet deep. The (Ricer made every
effort to obtain assistance, and after the {epee oflswuly half an hour
the man was extricated, but life was extinct. The usual mesas
were reamed whim without effect.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

MAii.e Animal) Tun DA`r.—Dublin I—Waterford I—Sweden 1.

Holland I—France 1.
The Martha, Forma, from Sunderland to POrtsmnotb, sank of
Hasehro* Sand on the .14th inst, and filled with water: crew savad.
Dear., JULY 17.—Wind S.W. to S.S.W.—Artived. Irma Elm
dal the Regulus, Haas,' for Malta ; and Hasidism', Lowllllllll,
for Demerara. Arrived the Diana, SUOllll*, from New Yorkg
and Cherie*, Borictota, from the So4ih Seas; aim the Tridwite.
Lawamca, frost Santa, Martha.
POSITIMO/11111, JULY itILOPVind W.—Arrived the Radom, Gas.
KICK. from Kin Janeiro. Wiled t'beWilliam Branch,, /Cants, for
Archangel. Arrived the floticast4 NIAIPIIALL Iron% Alirariaighi.
Fatatoura, JOLT 16,a—Wind W: to S.S.W.-s-No arrivals or
sailing'.

INTTIT JULY 17.—Wind W.SW.—Arrived the Charlotte and
Louise, I:aksos, from Buenos .Airei; Florida, TAYLOR, from New
Yolk ; and Dtygd. Sewn, from floiton. •
Cows., JOLT 17.—Arrived the Maria, Wass/tato. from Bahia.
Lieu/Nam, Jima 16.—Arrived the Bermuda, Tunica, from
Barludoest sod Mary Ford. &atom, from Mitandeld Lord
Stanley, from ditto; Oitoekkow, Lusooun. (rum St. Petersbargh ;
James, Peat!, from Pietou ; Neptunus, Ott ako,frum Braekstodt. .
Dumas, dote 15.—Wind N. W.—Arrived the Welcome, /Lai,
from Trinidad; and Stephen Knight, Banos, from Quebec.
GILIMINCIC, JOLT 1.5. Wind R —Arrived the St. Vincent, Law,
from Demerara ; RbOde, Gioatia, from Trinidad; Sophe. Nutt,
trotn Montreal; Isabella,•Mosou, and Retreat, Kumasi, front
Miramichi.

TSOIII TM! PLYIIOIIIiM swamis, JOLT 16.
The Loeb Haar Ananias. is expected te.day or to-morrow.
Mr. WHIMSY, 0( the Breakwater, is gone to Torbay to *meet his
Royal Highness.
The Nightingale *chooser sailed yesterday for Falmouth.
In Hanione—the Britannia, Wiodsoc C4Stk. Anoaispe, Ter-
ror. and Iteynard.

The Doke of CUMBERLAND left town yesterday morn-
ing, on a visit to the Kum, at the Royal Lodge io Windsor Park.
The Duke of WELLINGTON gAer * grand .limner yes.
terday to the Duke of Causation. Prince 11-roevets, and a select
party of the Nobility, at Apiary House, Piccadilly.
The Duke 0f CAMBRIDGE reviewed the two battalions
of the Coldstream Iteettent of Foot Guards, of which his Royal
Highness is Colonel, in Hyde Park, yesterday morning.
Her Royal Highness the Duchess oi CLARIINCE, RC'a
cempanied in bee carriage by Mrs. PALLNItit. the wife of rho.
Member for Surrey,. :rowed and recrossed the neW bridge at Lbw
won, with the customary formalities.
The Duke Of CAMBRIDGE., accompanied her Alle
Hesatar TATLOIII, visited yesterday the works of St. Katharine
'Docks, and appeared mods gratified by their progress. fin Royal
Highness nest risked the Thames Tunnel. _ _ _

The Marquis of BATu entertained a distinguished
party to dinner yesterday. at his house in Grosvenor-41w 8..
V. guunt GILIIIIYILLit arrived in town )e,terdsy after-
noon frost Pang, eta his return from his embassy to the Court et
France. His Lordship left Faison hiday. and travelled to Dieppe.
where Ids Lady and his Lordship's rigiciren were etayinoltp she
benefit of sea•bathing. The Noble VIBCO4IOf, soon after *Aril*
proceeded to the Foreign Office, and bad a conference witirthe Karl
of Ammosm.
A Cabinet C a was held yesterday afternoon at
the Foreign Mice, which was attended by-4i se Lord Chat.
cellar, tlAr Diike of Vl'ellingtob, Serb Bathurst add Ittliterta
Lord Ell,nbornireh, Mr. Secretary Pert, Sr George illiartaiObe
Chantellor of the Exchequer. Mr. Merrier, and Mr. Vest 4 Vita
gerald. The Ministers aseengskti about two o'clock, and sat in
deliberation near two hours.

S.r FRO:MOCK LAMB visited the Duke of Witu.sno-
tox yesterday at the Treasury.
The 12.0001. etpccted to be raked in London for Mr.
Otoaser.t.'s 'lcahn' has dwindled into the paltry sum of 3004
Advice, from siontteal to the middle of Julie hay!
bees received. Sit Janes Keiser bad arrived there, and it was
gromally understood that be had received orders from his Majesty's
Government to titter span the Government of Canada imme-
diately on the departure of Earl DoI.NOUS& His Lordship had
arrived at Moat's& on the 10th June, said a public dinner was to
he given him an the 10the tui his app:Antavat to the chief com-
mand in India.
On the sign of an Inn, bearing the Duke of ATKoet
Arms, upon his Grace's estates in Scotland, are the followitig
words Tbe Duchess leaves the Duke's Arms every morning at
at
&clock for Glamovr."—(meatting a coach called she Duchess.)
His Grace being ioformed of ibis a abort time ago, pleasantly re-
marked," I assure you it is neatly true; although not rot Ghogow,
but to attend is blab concerns as relate to my happiness, and I sin-
cerely wish many other wives weal.* du the mire.' —Btighies Gas.
MILFORD, JULY 13.—A dreadful accident him just
occurred hese. It being Sunday, a poor limeburner,
named Evans, residing at a place called Gelliswick,
went out with three little boys, his sons, to sail accost
the Haven, for the purpose of visiting his mother at
Nangle. when a sudden squall overturned t .e boat, and
the father and his three ,lint peri.hed together. The
still mute unfortunate wife is lett totally destitute of any
means to procure a living. baying still three children
to support, and being pregnant 01 a fourth.
They write from Lisbon that the Captain of the Por-
tuguese brig, Treiae de Mai, which lately arrived from
Itso, was arrested on coming out of the Cabinet of Don
t4iougt, after having delivered his dipatches from Don
PZOKO. Several ladies of the first distinction have also
been arrested, and others exiled to Algae yes. Money
has become so scarce in Lisbon, that. the Priests preach
political sermons, and beg of the faithful subjects to
contribute towards she support of Don Mtollges cause.
A rich Jewess, of Sr. Mary-axe, who died on Friday
last, made a singular will about a fortnight previous to
her death s—She has directed her body to be buried in
Jerusalem, and twelve of her friends (Jews), who are to
accompany the body. are to have four hundred pounds
each for their trouble; two on their departure, and the
other two on their return to England, after executing
their extraordinary commission. This will is to be li-
terally obeyed, and the body is now ready for depar—
ture will all its funeral honours.

CORN:fiXbHANOIL, MARK-LANE, Jere' 18.
The Meeting Trade was rather lively tits morning, owing to the
injury the crops have sustained by the late rains, and partly to the
unsettled state of the weather ; be samples of Wheat mid la per
quarter dearer than on Monday. Barley was alm more sought
after. but not dearer. Beans and Peas fully supported Monday's
csrpeacy. Oats were a trifle higher, the supply being small.
