more than J maks towards ameliorating the
of slaves. He also read a part of a letter from
of Manchester, expressing a similar opinion.
stated that he had made a summary of what
dov by the other islands, from which it resulL
Foinday lahour had been prohibited in oat island,
mtnica; that the Evidence of Slaves.had been

in tiro, Grenada and Tobago ; that Marriages of Slaves
hid been legalised also in tivq, the Bahamas and St.
Vincent's ; that the slave's right to property had been
admitted in•,foni, Grenada, Tobago, Sc. Vincent, and
D .minica, and perhaps Jamaica: that the .power of
purchasing their own manumission had been granted to
slaves in no one of the i lands; that the non-separation
Of families had been acted in two, the Bahamas and St.
Vincent's, but that in none had the abolition of the
driving whip, or of female flogging, been carried into
effect. The Noble Lord. aft -rwaids gave an account
of twenty-four cases of complaints tried at Demerara.
Seventeen of those were from slaves against their
masters, and the result was, that twelve nut of the
seventeen complainants were punished by the Fiscal's
Court; that two were restored to their masters, with
liberty to be flogged; and that two only were redressed,
one by the dismissal of the manager, and the other by
the imposition of a fine which was never paid.—
Six of the other cases were complaints from masters
against their slaves, and all the sit were given in
their favour, f. ur of the slaves being punished by
nagging, and two by imprisonment. The Noble
Lord then lead from the Report on the table a num-
bet of other cases which had taken place at Berbice, and
in other colonies, in which slaves, after having proved
the complaints which they had made, were still ordered
by the Fistal to be flogged, though at the same time he
severely reprimanded the managers. In some of theist-
cases, great cruelty had been displayed. Two women
had miscarried, in consequence of severe and unjust
flogging ; a negro, who had been flogged for resisting
the violation of his daughter, had applied for redress
to the Fiscal's Court; but in none of these cases had
Any decision been given. This sheaved a great partiality
on the part of public functionaries, and a mockery of
tjustice, arising from the corrupting influence of slavery,
which could only be remedied by a motion like that
With which he should conclude. For what else than being parties
to the practices which they were appointed to repress, could make
.public functiouazies act as it was admitted they were in the habit
of doing ? The Noble Baron,after collating several pins of.
the Report .f Commissioner wharris, to she", that he was liable
to the charge or inconsistency, concluded by moving an humble
Address to his Majesty, praying that he be leased to appoint as
Judges, A ttornies-General, Fiscals, Guardians of Slaves, and other
Officers in his Majesty's West India Colonies, such individuals as
shall themselves not be owners of slaves, or have reversionary in-
terests, or any interest in slaves, directly or indirectly.
Earl BA THURST agreed with the Noble Lord op.
posite, that whatever was to be done had better be done
by the Colonists themselves, than forced upon them by
Parliament. lie defended the conduct of the Fiscal,
Mho was just;fied, if slaves made complaints to him that
'seem groundless, in ordering them to be punished. All
that was stated in the complaints of these slaves must
not be taken for granted as true. With respect to the
Comm ssionei Dwharris,he (Lord Bathurst) had not been
aware that he was possessed of slave property when he'
appointed him, or he certainly would not have done so;
because he was on that account not the fittest person for
wadi ars office. Still, however, he contended that there
was no inconsistency or contradictions in his statements.
The cases quoted by the Noble Lord were n a true
criterion to judge of the enhdition of the slaves ; for if
he collected all the complaints of apprentices against
their masters in this country, be would find as many instances of
cruelty and oppression here as be did there. According to the way
in winch the Resolution was drawn up, if it were adomed by the
Mouse, tram eacept one or two of the principal Officers could have
any domestics; for in Slave Colonies, none but slaves could be bad
to fill that situation. After some further observations, his Lordship

expressed s hope that the. House would not accede to the Resolution,
and moved the Order of the Day.
Lord SU FFIELD made a few observations in reply, and his
Lordship withdrew -4k motion.
Lora ELLENITOROUGH would have been better
(leased if the motion had been met by a decided nega-
tive. He ,aw no reason to press upon the Howe a Re-
solution of that kind, which was only calculated to do
mischief. Whatever was to be done, could only be
effected by the silent operation of Government, and
th it :nea ure would have destroyed it. Nothing would
have better effect with the planters than good example,
and the hope of preferment by the Government in con-
sequence of their good treatment of their slaves. Ile wished the
word ',emancipation" had never been used in the discussion of this
subject, tur it only threw obstacles in the way of the melioration of
the slaves. Let them first be made worthy of freedom, and then
give them emancipation. With those views of the question, he re-
peated his regret that tle motion bad not been met by a decided

negative. -
Lord CA LTHOR PE made a few observadous in favour of the
principle of the measure.
Lord DUDLEY and WARD merely rose, in con
sequence of having been personally alluded to by the
Noble Lord (Suffield), to assure him that he had never
made a'sy sarca,sns on what had been said by him.—
His Fr'end (if he would permit him to call him
so). had come forward with a string of cases which had
been mostly before the country for some time : he did not. how-
ever, go so far as one of his co operators; for his Noble Friend only
excluded the proprietors of sL•ves from certain offices in the West
Indies. whilst his co operator, o whom he had alluded, would ea-

chide them from a seat in Parliament.
Lord ST. VINCENT stateJ that every encourage-
ment I,ad been given by the Creoles in Jamaica to the
disbemination of religion ; and every thing width the Bishop and
Clergy had asked for had been granted to them by the Holum of
Assemby.
The motion having been withdrawn, the House adjourned at a
(IMAMS PAST EIGHT O'CLOCK.

e Emmy of corn factors
were to form thensseivei into a body to the perfect exclusion of
individuals who happened not to belong to their Company. The
original cost of the 'premises was 12,0001. and the originators of
the Bill had offered them 60,0001, in addition to the original cost,
by way. of good will. Then bad offered very reasonable proposi-
tions te the proprietors of the Corn Extbange, ail of which had
been refused, and, in fact, such a system of refusal had never been
beard of. This had been done for the purpose of keeping up a
tiJratem of monopoly. The public interest demanded that the
House should interfere, and compel the proprietors of the Corn
Exchange to accede to the advances made by the new Company.
Mr. CALCRAFT opposed the Bill, it was a violent,
infraction upon private property, and such private .pro-
perry was said to support a monopoly. They had not only
sought a new Exchange, but to take away the premises
of the present proprietors. What would be said by the
Bank or East India Company, if new Companies, should
they be appointed, were to say we must have the premises of the
old Companies. There might be a new Cern Exchange, but do
not interfere with the old Exchange , if the public were to be bene-
fitted, there-would be much more chance of that being effected
by two Exchanges. The new Company might proceed, but let
them build elsewhere.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL spoke in tief,oce of the Bill.
It had appeared to the Committee that no other site
was so good as that of the present Exchange. Every
just compensation of course would be made; and the
necessity for an enlarged accommodation was in reality admitted by
the opponents of this measure. Except Parliament would sanction
this measure, another Corn Exchange would be erected alongside
the present one, but without any communication between the two
Corn Exchanges—( Hear.)
Mr. Alderman WOOD said that the supporters of
the present Bill would only be subjected to the incon-
venience of not having a communication between the
two markets sanctioned ; he had been of opinion that
such communication ought to be allowed, but others
thought differently. The present Exchange was termed
a monopoly, but most unjustly ; there was not, in his
judgment, any ground for such •illfying change. Besides, much of
the flour consumed by the bakers, &c. is London, never went into
the market at all. But he should •ote against the Bill, on the
ground that people's private property ought not to be taken away
without their leave.

Mr. Aldermad BRYDGES supported the Bill; more accom-
modation was wanted, to put an end to the limited proctedings of
the Jobbers.

The Gallery was cleared for a division. The numbers were—
For the Bill, 76—For the Amendment,27—Maj. for the Bill, 49.
The Glasgow New and Cross Street Bill was read a third time
and passed.
Mr. Sheriff Caowosa presented a Petition from the Lnrd Mayor
and Corporation of London, in favour of the principles of Free
Trade, and praying for some alterations in the Corn Laws.
Mr. Alderman WOOD supported the prayer of the Petition.—
The House must be conviiiced of its necessity from the Considerable
decrease that had taken place in the year 1826, as compared with
the corresponding quarter in 1825.
Mr. W H ITM ORE said, that iis.consequence of the great anxiety
which existed throughout the country on this question, be should,
instead of postponing its discussion to so late a period as he had pro-
posed on a former evening, bring it before the House to-morrow
(this) night.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON said a few words in support of the
Petitiod, which was ordered to lie on the table.

Mr. CORSET presented a Petition from the Ship-owners of
Sunderland, praying for some protecting duties on foreign shipping,
and in favour of the reciprocity of duties.
Mr. Il EATHCOTE hoped that this subject would soon occupy
the attention of the House. This,country wee far behind all the
continental nations in the carrying trade.
Mr. BARING supported the prayer of the Petition. He thought
it useless to remind Gentlemen that this was not only a question of
national wealth, but one of national honour and importance.

After a few words from Mr. Roasarsox,
Mr. HUME wished the House to remember the prediction of
Mr. Ricardo, that if some law was not passed to relieve the shipping
interest, by repealing all those taxes which bore on iron, timber,
&c. the nation would lose its trade. Ile hoped' the Parlia-
ment would sot separate without making a reduction of those
imposts.—The Petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. Alderman THuSI PSON moved for a Return, showing, in
one sum, the whole amount of spirits distilled in the United King-
clots' for three years preceding the lOth of October, 18'25, and the
amount of duty charged on the same ; with a similar Return for
Scotland and Ireland respectively; and a similar Return fur Eng-
land to the year 826.—Ordered.
COURT OF CHANCEItY.—EXCLUSION OP REPORTERS.

Mr. ABERCROMBY presented a Petition from
George Farquharson, complaining, that on attending to
report proceedings at the New Court of Chancery, on
Friday last, the attendants and officers denied him
admission, observing, that they had orders for the ex-
clusion of all Reporters; the petitioner was, therefore,
deprived of the means by which he got his bread, and
prayed that the House would be pleased to institute au
inquiry. The petitioner attended fr.= the office of the
New limes Jou, nal, for the purpose of furnishing that
Paper with an accurate account of proceedings; it had
been his constant practice to do so for the last 20 years,
and it was bard that he should be excluded, unless upon very
good grounds.
The SOLICITOR-GENERA[. said, no order bad been given
for the exclusion of the Reporters, but there was very little accom-
modation in the New Court for strangers. The size of the building
did not admit of it.
After some observations from Sir M. W. RIDLIT and Mr. H.
Su ass, the Petition was recdnd.
Mr. ABERCROM/3Y was rejoiced to bid that no order had
been thade by the Lord Chancellor, for the exclusion of the Peti-
tioner. It afforded him great pleagure to say tbat the officer had
not received his instructions from that High Personage.

On the Order of the Day for the second reading-of the Usury
Laws' Bill,
The CHANCELLOR of the 'EXCHEQUER suggested the
postponement of the Bill for the present Session.
Serjeant ONSLOW said, he awaited the pleasure of the
Horse' either to proceed or adopt the suggestion of his Right Hon.
Friend. _

_
M r. Secretary PEEL thought the inquiries as to the currency of
Scotland and Ireland affected this question ; the proposed post-
ponement weer therefore, expedient. The Hon. Gentleman might
rely that in the recess the attention of his Majesty's Government
mow be directed to the subject.
Mr. Serjeant ONSLOW then acquiesced in the suggestion, and
the Bill was postponed.

low to the holdeh of .its-hciitser 311 s
thedmtisfactlon to state drat the views
hall bien Onspletely raalisai in the
an&that.the abbstripilont, in so far
ascent:vied from hasty 'survey of the
nearer tn nine than to eighttivilliOns. Con-
siderably more would have been subscribed, he had no
doubt, doting the two next days. The chat-0 ilia(
would be created by this funding would be a capital
stock of 8,569,0004 the interest on which would athount
to 542.4001. The only Sinking Fund which it would
be necessary to provide would be one per cent on the difference,
viz. 560,0001. The charge of management would be 2,568/. and
the total charge 544,968/. The discharge of this SUM would be met
by the saving of interest on the Exchequer Bills ; and the excess of
charge, amounting to 77,0001. would be paid out of the Consolidated
Fund, which would he found fully adequate to that purpose, as he
had formerly stated that there was a surplus of 114,00 a
On the first Resolution, that Subscribers be entitled to 107/.
Capital Stock for iOOl. Exchequer Bills, being put,
Mr. IRVING inquired how it was intended to deal with the
Bank respecting two millions of Exchequer Bills?
The CH A NC EL 10 R of the EX C H EQUER replied, that they
should be paid off at a convenient time, which would be facili-
tated by the arrangement then in progress.

In answer to a question from Mr. 111111ERE.r,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he did not
propose to raise a Sinking Fund on the whole Debt, but on the differ-
ence between the Capital and the amount of Funded Exchequer bills.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY made a few observations, which chiefly
referred to the exped;ency of appointing a time for payment.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER thought it would
be rash to state the precise period. They were under no positive
obligation to pay at any particular time, and he thought it would
be imprudent to fix the payment so early as was suggested.
In reply to a remark from Sir F. 0111XAmnr,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he did not
recollect saying any thing of favouring one class over another.

.
The Resolutions were accordingly agreed to; the House resum.
ed, and the Report of the Committee to be received to-morrow.

-' - •
the size of the Milk& The Bin had beet cAlled an idstislitii_ .eicinfedllailfrte alto
condition Lriv.a,te property. Is .was priests property in as mini as 'be 4nd 6 had now
the Duke =change had been'oecogailed by the Legislature. All the prawn —r` Government
Company wanted, Wu ter establish .a market next door to*, '
He then- e 4ifthe d '
present one, and nisrely to knock downs such of the peetkien course a,
had been wall as leas occupied by fear stalls. He thought the snore parties aft could be asi
sited that there *ere ib the gimpeting with one another the greater benefit books, came nee
land, Do• the publibwas likely to, receive.
• siderably more i
Mr. C RTEIB supported eheitmentiment. • .
'
•
admitted Sir R. WILSON did not understandwhy a body of corn factors doubt, doting 1
_ . . .
