PRESTON ELECTION.

Friday, the Election commenced here, with four
Candidates ; these are—Mr. Stanley, known to the
public by some manly and sensible speeches in the
House of Commons. He comes in on the Derby and
Aristocratic interest, and is expected to be returned tri-
umphantly. He is said to have expended about 30001.
already. He disclaims all coalition with any of the
other Members, and stands on his own principles. The
second, Mr. Wood, is a commercial gentleman, Irons
the neighbourhood of Liverpool; a reforming Whig,
but moderate and mild, respected even by his oppo-
nents, and generally popular.
Captain Barrie is the next—a Gentleman of eostii-
derable reputation in his profession (the Navy), of Tory
principles, and depending for success on the aid of the
respectable manufacturers, most of whom hold his po
laical faith. lie keeps open house, and distributes
eatables and drinkables most abundantly, and on those
A Tounds is confident of success. Though latest_ in the

field, he has accomplished mph already among the
master manufacturers.

Last and greatest is .Mr. Cob Sett, too well known to
require description; he stands on his political writings,
his popular opiniotes of extreme latitude and laxity.
The business of the day was opened by the Mayor,
Thomas Grimshaw, Esq. and the two Bailiffs. Cob.
belt harangued the mob upwards of an hour. His
speech contained nothing new—the old story of popular
wrongs—except some allusions to the nourishing condi-
tion of the American Navy. He was hailed with en-
thusiastic acclamations.

Mr. STAMLIT spoke with his usual good sense, libe-
rality, and moderation. Alluding to the Catholics, he
said, that the arguments put forth on the Catholic
Question, in the address of the British Catholic Asso-
ciation to the electors of Britain, were the best and
strongest he had ever seen in favour of emancipation.
They were irrestible—he recommended the perusal of
them to the attention of the electors. His speech was
very favourably received.
Mr. WOOD'S address was as brief and temperate as
his hospitality, and passed of with. as moderate an ex-
pression of popular applause.
Captain Rattan now attempted to address the Eke-
' tors, but when be came to the front of the hustings, he
was assailed by cries, hooting; and hisses. a Gentle-
men," said be, " I have always understood that the
people of England have ever been generous, even to their
enemies. This is the first time in my life that I have
been attempted to be cried down. I only ask for fair
play I" (Here the uproar became absolutelf stunning
—mud and stones began to fly from the crowd ; and at
last showered so thickly, that the part of the hustings
which had been occupied by Captain Barrie and his
friends was immediately cleared. The Mayor indig-
nantly declared that such proceedings were di.graceful,
and threatened to adjourn the Court. Captain Barrie
retired to the back of the hustings.)
Mr. Coaarrr wished to know if the oath of supre-
macy was to be pot?
The MAYOR, who attempted to get a hearing for
Capt. Barrie, said he could not allow Mr. Cobbett to
interrupt the proceedings in that stage by any questions.
Captain BARRID then came forward, and spoke
amidst comparative silence to this effect :—Gentlemen,
the three candidates who have addressed you have spo-
ken of their proceedings on the canvas. I may be
allowed to address you on the score of being known
to you, and of growing up amongst you for forty
years. It was in the belief that I could do my duty
as your Representative that I ventured to come for-
ward, trustiag that that knowledge of me would
prevent the necessity of an extended canvass. I
am not disappointed in that hope. I concur in
part. I ass neither Wbig nor Tory. lam a man
of honour, independent of every party. I will act
on every occasion as I think right; if I commit
error, it is an error of judgment. lam a free advocate
for the gradual abolition of slavery. lam a Reformer,
not indeed to the extent of Mr. Cobbett, but whenever
there are abuses in the Government, as there must be
abuses in all Governments to a certain extent, I am the
advocate for such improvement as a gradual Reform,
will produce. Gentlemen, I would give to the Catholics
liberty of conscience, but the Constitution has e,ta-
blished an oath, and that oath I bold it to be the duty
of every man, candidate or electei, to take to the full.—
(Hisses).—Gentlemen, this-,b a matter of opinion ; I
have expressed to you mine: if you bad heard me Out,
you would have found me a friend to the people. I
have been so for forty years amongst you ' • my habits,
and principles are known to you all.—(Mr. Woodcock,
"He is a true British tar." A voice, " No, he is a tax-
eater 1")—I w ill not boast of myself; I have served my
country with honour—l may add, with courage. Gen-
tlemen, I solicit your votes; I shall thank you for them.'
I shall oppose what I think is bad—uphold what I think
is good, unshackled by any party."
The Mayor took a show of hands, when there were—
for Mr. Stinky a considerable display ; for Wood, a
few ; still fewer for Captain Barrie; and for Cobbett,
an absolute forest of fingers. They then proceeded to
the polling.—At the close of the poll {four o'clock,
Friday) the numbers were, for

Mr. Sundry .
Captain Harris
Dlr. Cobbett
Mr. Wood

SATURDAY,

. 4$

. 24

. . 22

It is not a storm, but a perfect hurricane, we are in
at this moment. Things would have gone off quietly
enough, but for the unexpected starting of Capt. Barrie.
The Catholics were all to vote, by consent of the three
caudidates; and just as they were enjoying by anticipa-
tion the happy privilege, in comes the candidate, and
knocks them all in the head with the oath of supremacy.
Add to this a host of new candidates--

S:r Thomas Beevor hat been proposed this morn•
ing by Cobbett's friends; Captain J. M. Colquet, R.N.
by Captain Bank's; and John Law, Esq. and Mork
Phillips, Esq. in coalition with Mr. Stanley and Mr.
,Wood. These additional nominations and coalitions
are in reality but nominal, having been effected by the
four first candidates, for the purpose of preventing a
splitting of their votes with their immediate opponents
—the several new Candidates briefly harangued the
multitude in their turns.

Captain CoLoon—A Radical Reformer is Parliament vroil
propose schemes destructive to the country. lam net an enemy
to a benelleial Reform, nor to the gradual emancipation of the
negroes ; but if they are suddenly emancipated, and without due
preparation, %hermit will he, that every white man's neck In the
Colonies will be cot the next sight.
Conavr—lt was not the black slaves I talked about, but the
white—why does not the Honearable Captain come to the white
slaves of England ?—( Huszas).
Mr. Woos—Mr. Cebbett is a friend to the slavery of the ne-
rves. He wrote books against the emancipation of them—he is
a friend to the lash.

Captain COLCWIT (in continuation)—l have beenl
blamed for joining Captain Barrie—but, Gentlemen,
Captain Barrie is my friend. We entered the Navy to-
gether, and served together upwards of thirty years.
Why, then, shodld I not support my old friend ? Which
of you would not do the same for your friend. I have
been said to be a friend to arbitrary power' and bodily
punishment—l deny it—l commanded my last ship two
years, and never punished a man. My ship's company,
if they were here, would prove it, and give me their
Hearty support. Punish l No, I had not even a cat-o'.
nine tails on board. D—n me, if I would not sink my
ship sooner than command my men by punishment—'
(Cheers). I thank you for a hearing, I'll be obliged to
you for your votes. Gentlemen, lam sure of the Ladies,
(turning to a crowd of tradesmen's wives,) I've been al-
ways a favourite with the Ladies, they love a sailor. I
have done now, and may the luckiest man win the battle.
Mr. Comerr—Oendemen, Mr. Wood has told you I am a friend
11 to negro slavery. that I wrote books against the emancipation of
them. Never did a more (elm assertion come out of the month of
man—(Hozza). Though T have lived where dory misted, I
never had a slave to week for me.

The polling then commenced, when some of Mr. Cobbett's men
were rejected on the ground of having received parish relief.
FROM THS IPRJUITON CHRONICLi OF SATURDAY.
ratan /20111011.
State of the poll it the close of this day
Mr.
_Stanley 90
Captain Barrie 49
11r. Wood 45
Mr. Cobbett 59
In Mr. Staaley's tallies the votes were principally plumper., but
a few gave splits for Capt. Barrie. Mr. Wood's splits were mostly
in favour of Mr. Stanley, as were also those in Capt. Barrie 's tallies.
ELECTIONEERING INTELLIGENCE GENERALLY.
Asnsuavou.—Mr. Sturges Bourne and Sir Lawrence Palk will
be returned.
Cuscanatexo.—llumplirey Senhouse, Esq. High Sheriff, has
appointed the Election for the County of Cumberland to take place,
as usual, at the Goat, near Cockermouth, on Friday next, the 16th
There will be no opposition to the present Members,
.2 John Lowther, Bart. and J. C. Curwen, Esq.
Covesrear—The Election for Coventry commenced an Saturday.
Mr. Heatheote and Captain Tyler announced themselves under
the patronage of the Corporation and one or two Attornies, who
'have exerted themselves to dud opponents to the late Members. A
cry has been successfully raised by men against masters, and
Mr. Elliot bas been particularly aimed at, as having promoted the
welfare of the masters, and neglecting their peculiar interests. The
Corporation, availing themselves of this cry, are very active, the
Mayor heading the electioneering mobs, with all the other official
authorities. The poll is, of course, in favour of their candidates,
and Heathcote and Tyler arc 175 each, while Messrs. Moore and
Ellice have only polled 5. But there is a strong feeling among all
the respectable inhabitants in favour of Mr. Ellice, and they are
determined to give all the freemen an opportunity of voting, without
putting him to expense. Opialons vary as to the result. We shall
have a 14 days' poll; and the Corporation Candidates, if they suc-
ceed, will pay the full value of their seats. Public opinion seems
to have changed very much since Mr. Elise has had an opportunity
of addressing the freemen.
Dxvosenitie—Mr. Bastard and Sir Thomas Acland, it is expected,
will be returned without opposition.
Donseesniea—Mr. Portman and Mr. Banks will be returned
for Dorset without opposition. The election takes place at Dor-
chester 01) the 15th instant.
Doves—The candidates are Mr. Wilbraham, who reposes upon
the Lord Warden's interest, and thinks his return securr, Mr.
Holcomb, Mr. Butterworth, and Mr. Thomson, who are also san-
guine of success.
Heotroan—The election is fixed for Friday, the 16th instant
St. Alban's election is fixed for Monday neat ; but Mr. Alderman
Heygate having retired, there will be no contest.
Newroar--The Election of Members for this Borough takes
place to-morrow.
Notrusoncouniaa--Admiral Sotberon and John Savile Lumley,
Esq. will be returned for the county of Nottingham without oppo.
grin, Lord William Bentinck having retired. The day of elettien
is appointed for Thursday next.
Foote—The election for Poole is fixed for Monday next. The
candidates are B. L. Lester, the Hon. N. F. S. Ponsonby, and C. H.
Stun, Esq. who are all equally confident of success.
Soesasennsaz.—Upon its being said that Mr. Gore Langton had
put up for that county, " Poor SirThomas,' said an elector, 44 Is both
Homed and Gored."
Suaawssuar.—Mr. Slimy has offered himself, and be and Mr.
P. Corbett are expected to be returned.
Seamar, Joon 7.-.-The candidates for this borough are, Mr.
Waked, Mr. Botch, Mr. Wilkes, and Mr. Ogilvy. The latter
geotiensan did not enter this place until yesterday, when hie ap-
penises was quite unexpected. It was with some difficulty that
he emit gat rest for his foot in this town; he was rejected at three
of the principal houses, being engaged for the other candidates;
at last he was received at the Bear Ion: Although a perfect
stranger, his gentlemanly manners, and profound reasonings,
have excited a great sensibility in his favour, and he meets with
much encouragement from all parties. Mr! Ogilvy delivered
a most persuasive and eloquent address from the window of
his Inn, shortly after his arrival, which contained matter so
palatable and so irresistible to the worthy free burgesses, that he
bas convinced many of them that his abilities and principles qualify
him to represent their Borough is the great Assembly of the nation.
Walrond and Mr. Ogilvy are actively employed in canvassing
ebe free burgesses. Mr. notch and Mr. Wilkes are expected to-
morrow. The election is fixed for Monday next.
Suaaxv.—ln compliance.vrith a requisition from a uumeresse body
of the Au:holders of Sorer. Marks Nicholas Pamir, 'Esq. of
Oraliegat•n, freedischired- his intention of offering himself es a candi-
date for the representation df the county. Mr. Palmer is a Gen-
tians of large property, and filled the office of High Sheriff of the
musty about three years ago. The election commences on Tuesday.
Wassaista.—John Bennett, Esq. and Sir John Dugdale Astley,
Bart. will be re-elected for Wiltshire.
• IRELAND.
Dusts City.-•-Afourth candidate has started for this city, in
she
_person of George Moore, Esq. The guild of Merchants met
on Friday on this occasion.
Monday sennight Is fixed by the High Sheriff of Roscommon for
the election of that county. We believe there will be no contest.
In Mayo, Lord Bingham and the Browner are determined to try
their adversestrength. The contest in Galway will also be a very
resolute one.
Cowsvv Cavax.—There are five candidates up for Cavan.— Mr.
Maxwell, the present member, and Messrs. Sanderson and Young,
address themselves to the Orange interest. Messrs. Southwell and
Caste are the popular candidates.
STATE OF POLLS.
DMICIILITZIII.
Lord 0. Lennox .
W. S. Poynts • •
Sir G. Webster • ,
Ncerr or\ watoseati
J. N. Faxakertliilsq.
C. D. W. Sib , Esq.T. G. Corbett, .
Low
T. R. Kemp, Esq.
Sir J. Shelley
A. Donovan, Esq. .

. 86
75
67

• 756 '
. 752
. . 544

•
.ass
274
. .
204

Malcolm . . 141
Headmote . . . . les
Willis • • . 115
su awn.
O. WiMann l6s J. P. Williams . . . . 14S
I Morrison . . 9$
LIMN.
Honourable Wind Walpole . 360
Lord William Rendock . . 35$
Sir Wiliam Polkas . 41
isIWAWIL.
H. Willougbby, Nei. • 19$ •
Lieutesam•Generat Clinton • 141
S. E. Bristow', Sag. Mt .

idgMBERS RETURNED.
Aldberoagh—J. Walker, J. W. Croker.
Amenhans.—T. Tyrwhitt Drake, W. T. Drake.
Andover—Sir J. N. Kent, T. A. Smith.
Arundel—Mr. Alderman Atkins, B. Lomb., just.
Besihrd—Lord G. W. Russell, W. H. Whitbread.
Brackley—R. H. Bradshaw' J. Bradshaw.
Bridpert—Mr H. D. C. St. Paul„ ,Hears, Warburton.
Borsseghbridge—Colonel DaWkiiti, Captain Mundy.
Cambridge--Marquis Grahams, Lieutenant-Colonel Trench.
Christchurch—Right Hot. Sir G. H. Rose G. P. Rose.
Colehestes--Sir G. H. Smith (and not Colonel Wildman), D. W.
Harvey.
Clitheree—The Hot. Robert Curzon; the Hon. Peregrine Cat.
Devizes—J. Parse, G. W. Taylor.
Dorchester—R. Williams, Hon. W. Ashley.
Bast Orlosstead—Hon. C. C. C. Jenkinson, Lord /Bradman.
Gloicester—Edward VAN, Bak R. Brumley Cooper, Esq.
Great Bedwin—Mr J. Nichol, Bat J. J. Buxton.
Hadensere—Right Ho.. J. Beckett (Judge Advocate), and G.
L. Thompson, Eq.
Huntingdon—J. Calvert. J. Smart.
Hydse—S. Majoribank, Sir R. T. Farqukg.
Hull—Mr. Stewart, Mr. Batley.
Lancaster—John Fenton Cawthome, Esq. Thos. Green, Esq.
Maidstone—A. W. Roberts, Earl., J. Wells, Esq.
Newcastie-under•Lynse—R. Wilthot-Horton, E.q. and Richard
Borrodaile, Esq.
Newcastle.upen-Tyne-.Sir Matthew White Ridley, Bart. Cuth-
bert Ellison, Esq.
New Ronny—G. H. D. Pennant, O. W. Tapp.
Norwich—J. Peel, W. fimisis.
Petersfield—Colonel Jolkiffe, Mr. Marshall.
Plymouth—Sir Wes. Confrere, Bart. Sir Beam Martin.
Portsmouth—J. Carter, F. Baring, jun.
Pontefract—Mr. &sale, kfr. Hoiddsworth.
I Salisbury—Lord Fulness W. Wyndham.
