BARBADOES, MAY 1.

We were thrown roost unexpectedly into a serious
state of alarms, on the night of the 14th oh. by an in-
surrection of the slaves, which threatened to spread
and lay waste the whole of the plantations in be
Island; and if the military had not succeeded in put.
ting an early check to the mischief, the consequences
which would in all probability have ensued might
have been awful to relate. More was intended than
the conflagration of the canes, and destruction of the
property otherwise upon the estates. Fortunately
the progress of these wretched insurgents was soon
arrested ; but an imprense amount of property has
been destroyed during the short period the devastation
continued, and this perhaps did not exceed 24. or at
most SO hours, though the alarm of renewal did hot
sebside for several days afterwards. We are again
in a state of tranquillity, 'and hope the lesson we
have received will sbe►v the necessity that really exists
'to be more vigilant in our endeavours to prevent a
recurrence. In no Island or Colony where slavery
exists could st.ch an attempt have been made with
less hopes of success than here. In an open country
like this, almost a level, nithout woods or fastnesses
of any description, it is not possible they can make
head for any length of time where there is constantly
a considerable regitlar army, aided by a large white
population, to oppose to them.
The following particulars are given by a passen-
ger who Came by the Barton, which is now at Li-
verpool:—" In the middle of the night of the 14th
of April the inhabitants of Bridgetown were awoke
from their beds by the heating of the dram to guar-
iers, an insurrection having taken place amongst
the negroes at the estates of Bailey and Wiltshire.
The negroes first proceeded to demolish the overseer's
houses ; they then destroyed the sugar-pans, and all
the implements which they could gain possession of,
also all the negro huts. On the appearance of the
military, who almost immediately fired upon them,
they retreated in all directions. Between 8 and 900
negroes were killed and wounded, and a vast number
taken prisoners. We are happy to state, that opt
above two Europeans were kiVed, and but a very
few wounded. The damage done to the above two
estates, including the neighbouring ones, does not
exceed £12,000. On the following morning every
thing was perfectly tranquil, and a number of the
misguided and ill-advised negroes were imploring
mercy, for. six or seven days alter the insurrection.
Numerous executions were taking place amoag the
negroes who.had been tried. General Lat•rn had
arrived at Barbadoes from Guadaloupe, wino part of
an European regiment ; and when the Barton sailed
'from Barbadoes (Ist May) tranquillity was •com-
pletely restored. MI tte negroes upon the different
estateshad returned to their work. Mao tial law had
been proclaimed at Barbadoes, and at, all the neigh-
boa! ing islands."
BARBADOES.

ACCOUNT 01 TOM LOU ,1N IT. PUILLIeh TARIM, mita TIC
OWNCIIIII. WANDS AND /MATZ&
Mr. Scott, Balley's.—Dweding-house, furniture, and clotbes,
all completely destroyed; very many cans fields burnt, and a
number of slaves killed and executed.
Mr. Scott, Wiltshire.—Bulidings all destroyed, and cane Gelds-
burnt.
Mr. Gruen, Golden Grove.—All the furniture, plate, and
clotbes of the faintly, with several cane fields, bursa and de.
strayed.
Lord Harwood, Thickets.—Some furniture, &c. destroyed;
several cane Beds burnt, many negroes kgled and executed, and
g 0 odd now abvent. • •
Mr. John Barron, Suaburit—Dweillerßoute 24.1•4 Blared;

turokors. &e. all dietroyod, aod several cane fields burnt; some '
'doves killed and banged.
Mr. Cronkindall, Rfter.---:Furnitnee, Ate. all destroyed ;* very
many egos fields burin. and many siogro‘s kUled and etecittA.
Mrs. Belgravr, iiranford.—Curing-touse, with 10 hogsheads
rar
of sugar and nially CAM° rlell•kburnt ; Seine bi3Vrl k lied scat
Cited. 'At this estate severol hundred of insurgents assembled,
arid made a stand against the St. Michael's Militia.
Judge Gittens.— the w hale imerior of the dwelling-house,
furaitaireAdate, mid clothes completely destroyed, many fields
of canes burnt, much runt and sugar lost; and several uegrzes
Tailed and executta
Jacob ltelgrsee, Ruby, (free MulattA).—Dwelling-house and
every other building, and a great many iiehls of cane burnt, se-
veral negroes k filed. '1 he fire canintsuced on ads property.
Mr. Brathuralte, Fuwl Bay.—llwelling-house, furniture, plate,
and clothes of the family, all destroyed; loss about 4:i 3,00 u.
N. Weeks (deceased), Mangrove.—The buildings ink.rtd, a
ytuniber of Laves killed and eiecuted, and a great insoy canes

burnt.
John Csitchlow, Kirtons.—The dwelling-huuse injured. s_tre-
ral slaves executed, and many canes burnt.
Bayne and Clarke, MarlemouL—House and offices a wreck;
besides goods on han, a large cargo `flossju iported, b accouot
books, receipts tke. are all destroyed at least 15,000.
John SimmoLls, Harrow.—log acres of canes burnt.
Ditto, Your-square.--67 acres of ditto. ditto.
Mr. Franklin, Contented Berreat.--Buildings all destroyed;
20 tierces of sugar and all the rum on she estate also destroyed;
several negroes executed, one or two killed. •
Lord Harewood, Mount —Every budding demolished, a great
quantity of canes burnt. muck runs and sugar thrown about the
yard, sind a great many slaves (many ringleaders of the plot)
kilted and executed
Mr. J. Boyd'. greens.—Nearly the whole crop burnt ; a few
negroes killed or execute!.
Mr. J. Padm.,re. Etleys.—Many acres of tines burnt, and
many mimes killed and executed.
Mr. 1. Yard, Cottige.—Twenty acres of canes burnt, and
three negroes killed and executed. •
Fisher'. Pond, Locust Hall, and Leers, have not escaped, be-
sides "aux others.
rAnlini•
Mr. Dalrymple, Psigrim.—Dwelliug-house injured, and all
the furniture, plate, and clothes destroyed and takes, Away.
D. it. Hamden. Small Midge.—Canes burnt, and snaky slaves
killed and executed.

Mr. IL Reed, ►tope.—Ditto.
Mr. J. K. iitat has suffered.
Many mote in this parish likewise have suffered materially.
The negro-houses of all Ole estates whose negtoes revolted,
through which the Mditia passed, were set lire to by their Com-
manding Officers from hunters of policy.
What follows is trona the Barbadon lifircury of the
30th of April :
