trial of any of his bumble subjects. (ticar.) tietiteils.'
the malty thought that he had slumbered too long
upon so important a question, and that the sanction
of Parliament was given to the proceedings, because
its censure had been lo long withheld. To such he
offered every apology in his power, because he felt
that if a ease similar in any of its features to that he
had that evening to bring before the House had taken
place in England, not a day, perhaps but a few 'mi-
nutes, would have elapsed before it had been debated,
and that redress which the law denied awarded by
the Commons of England. That men should be
taken and vilified because their conduct did not ac-
cord with the notions of the King's Attorney-General,
and the King's subjects harassed by the same officer,
although acquitted by a Grand Jury of their country,
was a case that would never be allowed to rest long
unnoticed in England. This day has seemed to I
him to be the first on which it could be effectually
brought forward. • lle understood that, in his ab-
sence, it had been imputed to him that he had fixed
his notice for the 15th April, in order to embarrass
the Attorney-General for Ireland in the motion he
had fixed for the 17th. He begged, explicitly to de-
cl ire, that by no such'motive had he been actuated ;
neither could he see the smallest connection that such
a motive could have with the case. (Hear, hear.). It
would be as fair for him tO complain of the Secre-
tary for Ftireign Affairs for having made his motion
of yesterday with a view to embarrass him (Mr.
Brovvnlow.) Having thus attempted to excuse him-
self with the two parties—one who thought him bold
in bringing forward such a question at all, and the
other who thought him lukewarm, because he had
not introduced it before—he would proceed to dis-
charge, as well as he was able, the duty which he
had taken upon himself. It had reached his ears,
and he believed correctly, that when the Hon. Mem-
ber for Cavan made hi; motion for the production of
certain papers, it was imputed to hid; that he brought
it forward under the smart of party disappointment,
and actuated by -party politics. He (Mr. B.) was sure
that the Hon. Member for Cavan did not deserve
such an imputation. For his own part, he declared
that he was actuated by no such motives; he dis-
claimed them altogether. If this. question were of
that negative character, that the public could be in-
different to the issue of it ; if it possessed no intrinsic
merits, no features peculiar to itself calculated to ex-
cite alarm to the friends of political freedom, perhaps
it might be fair to look about for extraneous motives
to assign for agitating it. But he (Mr. Brownlow)
claimed, by the courtesy of the House, to be pro-
tected from the imputation of all motives, save only
those which should be discernible on the course he
should pursue. If he should evince in what he did
an unworthy spirit, he knew he should meet with the
prompt reprobation of the House. The question he
had to lay before them was no less a one than this—
Will the House of Commons allow an Attorney-Ge-
neral to place himself in the stead of the Grand Jury,
and dispense with that which the law has ordained,
viz. that no man shall be questioned by the King
in the matter of any criminal accusation, unless the
Grand Jury of his country have said that it is a mat-
ter probable and true. He begged to impress upon
the House before Whom he spoke, that if that night
the conduct of the Attorney-General for Ireland was
screened from blame, the next day the English At-
torney-General might come down to that House,
armed with the same authority, and prepared to draw
the sword against the liberties of the country (Hear,
hear).—He had read in Tacitus, that when Agricola
meant to subdue England, he•saw the utter imprac-
ticability of such an achievement unless Ireland was
first enslaved.—Lt velui e conspeotu iibertas toileretur.'
—(Cheers).—Such might be the intention of an Eng-
lish Government at the present moment (Hear, hear).
It might be the intention of those who governed
England to commence slavery and subjugation in
Ireland, in order that the stream of tyranny should
flow from the extremity of the empire to the bo-
som of this country—(Hear, kaar).—He would ask
every Gentleman who heard him, how he would like
to be placed ou his trial under the circumstances he
would have to relate ? It would, be apprehended, be
litde satisfaction to him to be discharged by the
Petty Jury, when his name had been branded bytri-
minality, and after being harassed in mind, and op-
pressed by the expenses to which he was put to de-
fend himself from an unwarrantable charge. He
need not go into very minute particulars in describing
to the House the usual rejoicings and ceremonies ob-
served in the dressing of the statue of King William

been taken out of the ordinary course of law—it had
on a certain day in the year. It was known to be a
been taken from the Police Office to the Castle-yard.
practice of some standing in Ireland, and he had even
seen an old proclamation offering a considerable re- If the Right Hon. Gentleman was fond of ex officio
ward for the discovery of " the disaffected villain informations, the proper objects to indulge himself
who stole the truncheon from the hand of the Mo-
with were those witnesses whose false oaths had mis-
narch," when dressed out in full Court dress (a laugh.) led him, and the Lord Lieutenant. It was laid down
Upon this particular question, however, it appeared by Lord Somers, that if witnesses aware falsely
p. against the lives of others, they should be prosecuted
that the Marquis Wellesley did not think fit to su
upon ex officio informations for pretending to protect
port wbarthe Attorney-General (Mr. Plunkett) called
the Crown, but, in fact, endeavouring to urge it to
this " species of millinery," but what he (Mr. B.) wits
ready to designate as a very mischievous practice. acts derogatory from the dignity of the King's
(Hear,hear.) He declared that he had no feeling what- Crown, and subversive of his peace. This was the
ever in this motion but to lay bare this arbitrary and language of Lord Somers, in a tract " For the Se-
unprecedented proceeding, which he wished tohold
crunty of Englishmen's Lives," or what that Noble
out as a warning, to be shunned by every future At- Personage considered the same thing, " the trust,
torney-General ; and that he would have taken the power, and duty of Grand Juries in England"--
same course whether the prisoners had been Roman (Hear, hear).— Thus two bills sent to the Grand Jury
Catholics, or the Attorney-General Grand Master were ignored, ' and the other, alleging riot, was
of an Orange Lodge. The subject in question, found. Finding riot was not acted upon, because
however, had nothing to do with political princi- two men could not create a riot ; but the fault in this
pies or religious persuasion. Those could only be in- case was committed by the Attorney-General,' who
troduced into it to divert attention from that which had notinseried in the indictment the words ours riorkis
was more important and ipteresting—(Hear). It was aids. The Attorney-General for Ireland said, 84 I
the way in which the proceedings had been carried on will not try the bill for riot for you, unless you find
that had provoked him to the present exposition, and the bill for conspitacy for-me." Upon the merits of-
that outraged every friend to the Constitution. On this gaeg, he (Mr. Brownlow) should offer no opi-
the occasion in question (the 14th of December), the nion • but be would say this much :—Suppose the
Lord Lieutenant had met with adisgraceful reception. Right Hon. Gentleman to be removed to a higher
That proceeding was in every respect violent, and station, and suppele him succeeded, as he had been
the produce of ignorant and heated passion, which preceded, by some oneof different political sentiments;
was regretted by him, and also by every well-reeling or suppose he should himself change his political
and respectable man in the kingdom. He regretted bias, for the mind, as well as the both, was liable to
it, because it was without parallel, and because he change—(Hav,hear)—in that case, every man would
thought that Lord Wellesley, from the manner in become one of a gang, who did not happen to agree
which he desired to govern Ireland, and from his in tlic'tashionable doctrines of the GoVernment of the
venerated name and talents, deserved' far different ' day—(Hear, hear).—He saw nothing around him
conduct. These sentiments were not confined to his I but a gang, according to that way of determining
breast, but widely participated by the whole populu- , the question. The Parliamentary Reformers were
Lion of Ireland. It was the general wish to vindicate the most desperate of gangs and conspirators, for
the national-character from such an act, and to lay :they aimed at the amelioration of the State—Weer).
blame where it was due. Had the men been corn- The Attoitky-Gen lurprit:ed ilea the Grain,
mitted upon a probable, or even possible charge, ' Jury should venture to ignore his bills. He hoped,

there would on have been one aenilment Of Word- lie said, they had ,done their duty ; that was a
illy for them -from one .end of the country to 'Or
_between their GOD and their conscience; he
other. The evil genius of Ireland had led• the At-' ever, had his duty to perform ; and as the I
toriley-General to talk of assassination— (C'heers).—! planed him instead of •a Grand Jury, and ma.
From that moment the matter was assailed with ridi- unsworn, equal to -twenty-three men swi,
tole; the proceeding became absurd and alarming. ; would find a bill of himself for conspiracy—(
Absurd, in consideration of the circumstances of the ; The Right lion. Gentleman thought the Gray
parties, and the weapons they used—(Hear, hear)— had shewn themselves very sensitive in talcii
and alarming, because men's lives wcie threatened brage at what' he had thought proper to ad.
upon such absurd charges, and because an Attorney- them. Ile (Mr. Brownlow), however, was of
General, removable at pleasure, and the creature of ' that they had a sight to censider what ha.
the Gbvernment, could be found to enter so fully from him a severe reflection on them. Whl
into the spirit of his emplo)ers, or could take such necessary for him to remind them that the m
alarming strides from the impulse of temper—(//ear, I which they had performed their Ile duty was
hear).—He asked how assassination could have been tion between GOD and their own constiencerr
intended, or how effected ? Was a man to be had already sent doWn the bills which had been
frightened out of his life by expressions of disappro- [Tinted to them, and consequently the words
bation at a public Theatre? It not, he supposed it Right Hon. Gentleman could not be intended
was to be done by same direct means. How, then, silt them in the performance cf their duty.
was it to be effected in this way ? The Lord Lieu- effect could not be produced by them ;
tenant betook himself to a recess in a box on the left served to convey a censure on their conduct ,
hand side of the pit. 'the assassins stationed them- Public. A long period had elapsed since wok-,
selves in the gallery, on the same side of the pit, so injurious, since conduct so arbitrary, had been
as to be directly over the box where the,Lord Lieu- subject of complaint, where a Grand Jury w
tenant was seated. No man had said they could cerned. Since the Revolution his Majesty's
even see him; whilst, on .the contrary, it appeared had never acted such a part. But one instal
that it was the very worst place in the House for the occurred in the reign which had preceded
accomplishment of such an object. He must say, lotion, which appeared to him to resemble
that it required a most dexterous hand to reach the There was, however, one memorable instance
rd Lieutenant from that situation; unless, indeed, he had met with, to which he should present)
they were provided with such guns as were known in In all cases comparisons were odious, and he
'lreland, but he believed very little in this country : to disclaim intending any offensive compari.
the guns to which he alluded had the peculiar talent dividual character, in mentioning the case tt
of shooting round a corner !—(Hear, andlaWghter)— he was about to call the attention of the
and of hitting an object not seen, and possibly not knew the Poles were not more asunder—,
dreamed of. Here then it appeared that this infernal ness was not more opposed to light, than
machine had been erected on the occasion in question character of the Honourable Prosecutor of ,
to murder the King's, Representative. He asked the sent day from that of Sir George Jefferies,
House whether, if they had such an intention to mur- flourished during the reign of James the Second_
der, they would Have betaken themselves to such In the year 1680 a bill had been laid before a Grand
a place, armed with a bottle and a rattle? (A laugh). Jury against Francis Smith, charging him with bassist
For this offence no security was deemed sufficient, but composed a scandalous, libellous, and seditious boa,
that of the bodies of the offenders between the four The Grand Jury, on consideration,would reply nothiat
walls of a prison. Throughout all these proceedings but ignoramus. Again the bill was referred to the..
there was no pause in the feelings of the country on and ignoramus was the return to it. A third time
,this subject. This attempt at assassination, as it must, the bill was sent up ; the Jury continued con
he supposed, be called, was always received with the cious, and their finding was still Ignoramus. So
same distrust and indignation. The outrage occurred George Jefferies, enraged at this, vilified and -
on the 14th, and but a few days afterwards the Mar- proached the Jurors in open Court. 44 Gob
quis Wellesley .sent his Private Secretary to a book- from such Jul ies !" was his exclamation ;
seller of the City of Dublin, with his formal thanks see the face of every one of the Jut y, demand
for his activity in the apprehension of one of the pri- reasons on which he has acted, and thus '
soners. 44 If," said he, " the assassin is not yet dis- party to shame." The Grand Jury on the ,
armed,
.it would be my personal interest that he sion bad been exposed in a similar manner,
should strike now ; nor can the dangers by which my been obliged to come forward in their own t
life is encompaised, which now hang over me, dis- tion. The Honourable Gentleman then read t,
curb the even tenor of my government." Surely it mainder of the case to which he had referred,
was impolitic to have got up addresses from one end narrator of which set forth, that every one of
of the kingdom to the other. At all events the Lord Grand Jury, being seventeen In number, on '
Lieutenant wasahe last man who should have pre- called on to repeat their decision on the bill,
judged the question in sanctioning addresses, which swered ignoramus, upon which Sir Georg:
went on the assumption that the prisoners were tried reminded them that they were on their oath,
and condemned. When the Sessions of Oyer and Ter- that the matter lay between " GOD and their
miner arrived, the Attorney-General intimated his consciences"—(Hear, hcar).—Thus in effect
intention not to proceed, accompanied, however, by (continued the historian) " that they were
a statement that he had sufficient evidence to go to perjury, and blasphemously insinuating that
trial ; but, he observed, the laws never were so nearly impossible for Goo to pardon them r
powerful as when administered in mercy. If lie had Sir George Jefferies was convinced that
such evidence, no state policy could authorize hint Jury was corrupt, because the Jurors
to screen a' nest of assassins, who might hereafter him. After this; it might have been expected
finish whatahey had failed in their first attempt .of Sir George Jefferies would have followed sit
accomplishing. But there was no mercy in this pro-. proceeding by filing an ex•
ceeding at all. Mercy, lie had heard, was twice he had not done so, and h:
blessed—it blessed him that gave, and him that re- with drawn. Had here been
eeivedl But this conduct of the Attorney-General had lately been ventured ,
blessed in neither way—neither in leaving men under' Gentleman, he could hard
the odious charge for life of having attempted to Jefferies, the Court Judge,
commit murder, and dragging to 'the bar of offended would have.hesitated to lib
justice as felons; nor in having intemperately corn- He wished the conseqUences
mitted men on evidence which he was afterwards of which lie complained, to
afraid to produce in a Court of Justice. The infor- course might be pursued,
mation on which the committals were made ought jest all that protection whit
to be before the House. No man could say who tended to afford. 'He did
was right or who was wrong without having that that felony ex4ficio infort
before him. It was easy for the Attorney-General, . wished to GOD he could; bt
who was in possession of all the papers, to come to they were contrary to the spi
a conclusion from them in favour of his proceedings. tution. And he believed there
But in the absence of them, they had a right to assume cedent on record of a trimh.
that they made against the case of the person with- after a bill of indictment had
holding them. It was of no use talking of the Ma- Grand 'Jury. A Play. was
gistrates being endangered by the prOduction of the Theatre, in Queen -Anne's
evidence on which the committals were made—that which there was some praises
House had nothing to do but with the Attorney-Gene- Queen Anne did not like, and
ral from the beginning to the end. This affair had pressed. Mr. Dudley Moore,

had tl
..coaghtded I
an, hist=
was not ind
the same to
of Common
stitution, an
almost love
(Loud cries
suffer any n
step to folk
of the subje
Hon. Alemii
the effect, ti
General for
secutions, WE
the subject,
-dent hereatt
Mr. PLU
occasion as
suppose tha
He had liste
the Honour
tions which
(Mr. Plunkt
help compla
brought f.r
having filed
indictment II
should have
eloquence tc
odium wind

formations it
able Gentler
t h oration power
wCa an su crccatioisesaoniwttfge'Keletirwdliel::ll
England, or
of the exam'
stitutions inci
there were nc
admitted leg
tion. He mt

Plunkett) sho
and that his
ment as wort

was a matte?
.e; he, how.
the law hid
d made him,
n sworn, bt
c y ( Heel.
e Grand J,?
takin.
g
:o address ie
'as cf Opinigt
at had tall%
Why was
he manner
r wits a quei,
ences?"They
tad been sub,
words of the
'tended to a
ty. Such
nt ; but the/
onduct to die
ace worus.4
tad been
ury was ere*
esty's Olken •
instance hat
lej the Jteii.
emble We,
istanoe which
recently refit,
nd he beet
parison of is
case to which
ie House. Ht
dark.
than waa 411.
r of the pre.,
lefferies, vibe
ti STPAn A
