F4SHIONABLE MOVEMENT'S

Lord and Lady Frederick Bentinck hay. arrived at Cottonton.
Rutlandshire, on a visit to the Earl and Countess of Lossibbs
from the Duke of Portland's, Welbeck, Notts.
Countess De Grey has arrived at her house in St. James'aayrarr
from her seat, Putney Heath, Surrey.
Sir George and Lady Pocock and family have arrived at their
house in Charies.street, Berkeley-square, from Lady Rory

Howard's seat, AldingboUrne Sussex.
Arrivals at Kirkham's Hotel, Lower Brook.street;—H. Ash-
ton, Esq. and Mrs. Ashton, from their seat in Lancashire ; and
Capt. Mathew Grey, from limb. Departures:-Charles Moratt,
Esq. for Brighton; end John Moratt, Esq. for Gibraltar.
Arrival at Mivatt's Hotel, lAwer Brook-street: Thous*,
Lister Parker, Esq. from a tour. Mr. G. Money left ditto, for
Hertfordshire.

His Royal Highness the Duke of COMBIRLAND left
Hanover on the day before Christmas Eve, to return to Berlin, by
way of Brunswick. His Royal Highness Intended to be at Berlin
on Christmas Day.
The CHANCELLOR of the EICHEQUIR Came to town
yesterday, from Beckenham! Mr. PLawra,the Under Secretary of
State for the Foreign Department, transacted business with the
Right Honourable Gentleman yesterday.
Yesterday, the Loan CHANCELLOR, the Earl of Mi-
nim:A, and Lord Mammas, sat as Commissionen in the House
of Peers, and farther prorogued the Parliament, in pursuance of
the late Proclamation, from that day, Thursday, the 6th of haven,
to Thursday, the 3d of February neat.
Duct.—A meeting took place on Tnetday, on Ascot
Heath Race-eOurse, between a Mr. MICILEWHIT and Limitation
Yuan., now or late of the 53d Regiment, in consequence of
quarrel at a hunt meeting at Begshot on the preceding day. The
altercation produced an enchant of blows at the time, when the
meeting was appointed. In the first fire, Mr. Yea.aus was woaoded
in the fleshy part of the arm, which was bound up, and be wee
conveyed to Sunning-hill, weak from the less of bloodf bet it is
said there isito danger.
HORRID ATTEMPT AT Mt/RDZar...•FOT some time play
tbeOfficersPople,Handley,andGillmore,have been more then sewn!
active in bringing to justice the associates of several daring geoP
of thieves, the consequence of which was that a determination wee
come to to have revenge on them. Private information was tint
some time since (but it was treated with Indifference by the officers)
of the plan laid. It is, however, now too clear, that the wretches
had determined at least on sacrificing Alfred Pople. Last evening,
about eight o'clock, the attack was made at the house of hlr.Poplep
sen. adjoining the Green Coat Boy,Westminster, near the entrant!
to Tothill Fields Prison, under the idea that Alfred resided with ins
father; and so determined were the villains on making
prey, that no less than three bullets were fired dwough the wiodele
shutters, and one through the door at the same moment. Form-
nately Alfred was not in the parlour, and Mrs. Pople bad but the
sun of their
moment before left it for some trivial purpose. The panne of the
street door was shattered to pieces. A clue has been obtained, by
which we sincerely hope these daring marauders will be brought
to jusuce.The officers new don't leave home without their fire-stms.

WEST

LETTER

ilt bONTIIIVATIVI IRO)

TO THE EDIT
My chief authority for
respecting Cayenne, is thi
entitled "Des Colonies," I
Both Colonel Malenfan
weed in the West Indies
vrith approbation, by the
It is necessary to say,
that he had served both ir
and that he disapproved
preferred the system of
of
itet hoerof
results
the
soil,
oflabr
pbuildi
agricultural labourer.
Mr. Stephen, on the 01
system of the distributior
preferre shad fixed wages.
I l firsnotice the
result in Cayenne/. In t
emAncipated by the Rept
with the least oppositioi
white proprietors forme
inhabitants. The writer
different times, have pri
detail of the circumstanc
rind ; but I am not no
has collected and publisl
Colonel Malenfara's i
vourable, as to the adva
thus contrasts Cayenne i
sated by Slaves p,,,
Malenfant," j'avoue qu'i
ou tout annonce la gr.l
voit la propriete la ph
Cayenne, et en tp:rcel
4, memo sensation, qu'
" lever du Rideau a l'Op

As to food, &c. formi
price of wages, M. Malt
of Cayenne than Haiti ;
posed to hurricanes, wilt
both excellent, and e
wholesome and nutiitir
there, and the soil requi.
in abundance. Humbol
in, perhaps, exaggerated
portions of fond prnduce
raised in Europe from tf
rated in potatoes, or whi
in favour of the plantain
of labour required for ii
as food, his comparison
correct. He says, the sr
cultivated in plantains, y
the same extent of land,
duction of wheat, and 1
crop of potatoes.
Cayenne is inhabited 1
dians. The latter have
many years past, both b
West Indies. Their well
have excited the same

The possession of freed,
have either encreased thi
tends to prove that mer,
able preparation, is not t
backward state of knot
making the free Indians
any reason, the Colonel
" Quout aux Indiens.i&
" travoiller eta culture."
upon by the same passi
whose industry• M. Ma
He says: 66 Je connois
Cayenne, que je suis
" Rivii-es de Mahury,
tray ailler, seas voya
" cultivateurs. Un mist
" politique et philosoi
" comme un berger co:
" y a plus de sonante
" Guyannes." The end
shewn, in believing that
their woods and village
of their own toil, whi
themselves, under a Tel
condition of having thi
elusively to themselves
:ilalenfant, the free In
would require ages th
Respecting these Ma
louet, late Minister for
who had personally se
accountof their industr
Mr. Brougham, in hi
say: 4' M. Malonet,
" from the French Go,
" ter and habits of the
"to determine wisdhel
" come hired labourer
" work one day in the
"sufficient, in the ter
" New World, to sup
" yet learnt to feel.
14 absolute indolence,
l'oisivete soot de
" unique passion.'"
M. Malenfant was
worthy exertions oFtl
these Negroes, and t
wurverted to Christie'
rural labour, even for
M Mulenfant attri
roes not settling in
Lewd on the Slaves t
Period there were no
all emancipated. Inds
and be answers it hit
's et one niche die foi
But as the Negroes
11aPese that task upoi
11; And the result
forced at se cheats
I.auld have been the
"I; whereas, in pa
casomstances than
authority of M. Mal
from the N
into
hthe passage;
at.ERM
e. sayt
4LaPaidloriseetr
„ 7--tw0...0.5 fc
-set. Baskin.

MAP!

•

WEST INDIA SLAVERY.

LETTER MI.-PART IT.

is CONTINUATION IROM tliS STAR OP WPDNESDAY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
My chief authority for the statements I shall give
respecting Cayenne, is the wok of Colonel M alenfant
•
ntitied "Des Colonies, printed at Paris in 1814.
—Both Colonel Malenfant and General De la Croix had
awed in the West Indies, and both have been quoted,
with approbation, by the Abolitionists.
It is necessary to say, respecting Colonel Malenfant,
that he had served both in St. Domingo and in Cayenne;'
led that he disapproved of the system of wages, and
referred the system of St. Domingo, where a division
e` the results of labour took place between the pro.
ural
pqecor of the soil, buildings, and machinery, and the
vricolt labourer.
'Mr. Stephen, on the other hand, disapproved of the
system of the distribution of produce, or its value, and
referred fixed wages.
'shall first notice the plan of giving wages, and its
result in Cayenne. In that Colony the Negroes were
elan ipated by the Republican Government of France,
with the least opposition; the soil was fertile, and the
whit- proprietors formed a very small portion of the
iontants. The writers on the side of abolition, at
different times, have promised to afford the public a
detail ot the circumstances which occurred at that pst-
liptl; but I am not acquainted with any writer who.
bar collected and published them.
Colonel Malenfant's introduction is certainly not fa-
vourable, as to the advantages of tree labour, for he
tlati contrasts Cayenne with Surinam, a Colony culti-,
vat:d by Slaves:—.... Pour parler de Cayenne," says M.
Malenfant," j'avoue quid ne Gut pas venir de Stir ina
won tout annonce la grandeur, l'opulence, en on l'on
• voit la propriete la plus recherche...". En sortant de
Caterme, et V 1 p:rcevant Parimaribo, on eprouve la
• meme sensation, qu' A la vue des Champ. Ely,ers, au
"lever du Rideau a i'opera."
As to food, &c. forming she elements of the natural
price rd wages, M. Maletitant thinks more favourably
of Caye'rne than Haiti ; for, besides its not being ex-
posed to !no Ilene% wild animals and fish, for food, ate
both excellent, and eit,ily procured. The plantain, a
wholesome and nutritious vegetable food, flourishes
there, and the soil requi:es very little labour to yield it
it abundance. Humboldt has desctibed the plantain
ix, perhaps, exaggerated colours, with reference to the
portions of food produced by it, compared with those
wised in Europe from the same space of ground culti-
oted in potatoes, or wheat ; but as he has not noticed,
favnur of the plantain, the comparative small portion
0 labour required for its cultivation, and preparation
as food, his comparison may be considered sufficiently
correct. He says, the same portion of suitable ground,
chltivated in plantains, yields 14 times more food than
the same extent of land, as well adapted for the pro-
duction of wheat, and forty-four times more than a
crop of potatoes.
Cayenne is inhabited by Europeans, Negroes, and In-
dians. The latter have been considered free for these
many years past, both by the French and English in the
West Indies. Their weltare, however, never appears to
have excited the same interest as that of the Negroes.

The possession of freedom, howeser, does not appear to
have other encreased their industry, or numbers ; which
tends to prove that mere emancipation, without a suit-
able preparation, is not the remedyfor evils incident to a
backward state of knowledge and civilization: as to
making the free Indians industrious, without assigning
any reason, the Colonel gives them up at once, saying,
Quota aux Indians, it jaudra, des Siècles pour infant
truvailkr d k culture." Yet they are men, and operated
upon by the same passions as the Negroes; respecting
whose industry M. Malenfant is perfectly enthusiastic.
He says: "Je connois si bien l'esprit des nagres de
"Cayenne, que je suis convaincu que les Matrons del
441tivia•es de Mahury, et de Maroni, demanderaient
travailler, s'ils voyaient qu'on accordit le quart aux
" cultivateurs. Un missionaire varitablement vertueua,
" politique et philosophe, ramenerait tous ces noire,
"comme un berger conduit des moutons. Je crois qu'il
"y a pins de soixante mille nlgres Marrons dans les
"Guyannes," The enthusiasm of M. Malenfant is here
skewn, in believing that 60,000 free Negroes will leave
their oods and villages, to labour for the fourth part
of their own toil, when they have refused to settle
themselves, trader a regular controul, upon the express
condition of having the whole result of their labour ex-
clusively to themselves: yet, in the opinion of Colonel
llalenfant, the free Indians living in the same place,
sonld rcquire ages to induce them to cultivate the soil.
Respecting these Maroon Negroes, however, M. Ma-
kuet, late Minister for Marine and Colonies in France,
who had personally seen them, gives rather a different
ecountof their industry from that of Colonel Malenfant.
11r. Brougham, in his Colonial Policy, vol. 2, p. 415,
taY: " Malonet, who bore a special Commission
"from the French Government to examine the charac-
ter and habits of the Maroons in Dutch Guiana, and
"to determine whether or not they were adapted to be-
"tome hired labourers, informs us, that they will only
"work one day in the week, which they find abundantly
"sufficient, in the fertile soil and genial climate of the
:New World, to supply all the wants that they have
"yet learnt to feel. The rest of their time is spent in
"absolute indolence, and sloth. •Le repos,' says he,
"l'oisivete sont devenu dans leur eat social leur
" anique passion.'"
M. Malenfant was probably ignorant of the praise-
worthy exertions ofthe Moravian Missionaries amongst
these Negroes, and the Indians, some of whom were
tieverted to Christianity, but none to steady agricul-
taral labour, even for their own exclusive benefit.
M Malenfant attributes the cause of these free Ne-
tt*: not settling in Cayenne, to the punishments in-
fitted on the Slaves there, but he forgets that for a long
l!riod there were no Slaves in Cayenne, as they were
lliensancipated. Indeed he asks, what was this freedom ?
lid be answers it himself, thus: id deux cols par jour
let tine ache dix fois trop forte pour un pareil salaire.
!et as the Negroes were entirely free, no person could
?Pie that task upon them, or oblige them to pet for m
LW the result proves, that had labour been en-
ced at se cheap a rate, the Cayenne Proprietors
1.; 14d have been the richest Planters in the West In-
!" whereas, in point of fact, they were not in better
.teirlstances than their former Slaves, even on the
74,.ntity of M. Malenfant, Whose words I quote in ,
4511, from the Ne F 1 or Patois, introduced
sbgro renc
the Passage, "I lie Negroes at Cayenne laughed
.7 rae," says the Colonel, " when I told them, you
for your labour in wages. What wages?
_said
,tneY—two sous for a day!, work from sun-rise to
11141 et. Besides, the Proprietor of the laid doll's Pal

us money : 1 e buys old cod-fish, old herrings, and-
" stinking mackerel. Such wages won't do for us: In
" spite of this the Cayenne Blacks • love their Masters.
" Poor-Cayenne White man r say the Blacks, " he is
" not rich, Ise eats cassava (a coarse kind of bread), fish.
" pimento,—he drinks tafia (the worst kind of rum),
" just like a Negro."
It does not appear that any very unkind or, violent
proceedings took place at Cayenne, between the whites
and blacks, the latter being infinitely more numerous;
and the former quietly submitting to the decree of the
'French Directory, as to emancipation, retained their
land, buildings, and machinery, as formerly ; the only
change being, that instead of having the labour of
Slaves, 'they had now to hire free Negroes. The na-
tural and the market rates of wages for agricultural
labour, according to M. Malenfant, appear to have
settled themselves solely with reference to the value of
food; but if that were insufficient to induce the free
Negro to labour, greater wages would have been given,
and s new principle would have come into action, by
which the Proprietor would have had to look to the
result of the labour, as regulating the amount of wages
which he could afford to give, and this would have de-
pended on the quantum of exertion on the part of the
free Negro, and its effect in yielding a crop having ex-
changeable value. This quantum of exertion, there-
fore, appears to have been valued by the Proprietor at
two s' us a day, which probably corresponds with the
half hour in the day mentioned by President Boyer, as
necessary to obtain subsistence, so that, in all probabi-
lity, the free Negro, let to himself, in both cases used
the same quantum of exertion, through whatever
number of hours he may have distribute) it, and
which was measured by thelabour necessary to obtain
subsistence, and a low scale of comforts. This system
he appears to have preferred to the pain of continued
labour (notwithstanding its ultimate advantages) when
he had the choice in acting as a flee man. I have
strewn that a more arbitrary mode of rule prevailed
among the black Governors in St. Domingo, than in
Cayenne, and the result on productive industry was
correspondent thereto.
In Cayenne, the system of emancipation was not
beneficial either to blacks or to whites, and slavery was
restored almost with as little trouble as emancipation
had been enforced. And it is historically interesting,
to find Victor Hugues, whom Mr. Stephen justly calls
" the popular founder of Negro freedom,' owning a
plantation, cultivated by Slaves, in this, very colony,
and stipulating, in his treaty for the surrender of they,
colony to the British and Portuguese forces, in 1809,
that the French Negroes, whom the Commanders by
sea and land of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent
have engaged for the service during the war,' and to
whom, in virtue of their orders, they have given their
freedom, " shall be sent out of the Colony, as they can
" only remain there in future objects of trouble and
" dissention."
Sach was the opinion, in 1809, of Victor Hugues,
" the popular founder of Negro freedom." Ther cases
of St. Domingo and Cayenne, under circumstances
somewhat different, agree in skewing the powerful in-
fluence of those principles noticed by Mr. Whitmore,
as necessary to be considered in estimating the effect
of wages, with reference to agricultural industry.
In both cases, the labourers were free Negroes in the
West Indies, and under the stimulus of bettering their
condition, by receiving such reward for their voluntary
industry, as the proprietors of the soil, buildings, and
machinery could afford to give.
In both cases it appears the natural price of wages
was low, because, from the climate, and the fertility of
the soil,, as is stated in Mr. Brougharn's work on the
Colonies, the labourer could maintain himself by a
very small portion of exertion, in comparison with
what he would be obliged to use in England, for the
same purpose.
The stimulus of necessity to procure subsistence, at
inducing the labourer in England to work the usual
number of hours in a day, and the usual number of
days in the year, it will be seen, had not the same
effect in St. Domingo and Cayenne. The French
Government, however, hoped that the other powerful
iprinciple in human nature, the desire of improving the
condition of the labourer; and that of his family, by
appropriating to these purposes the results of his own
voluntary industry, would act upon him as efficiently
as the stimulus of necessity, combined with it, is seen
to act in Europe.
Contrary to the expectations of the French -philan-
thropists, their hopes were disappointed. At that
period, the effect of a great difference between the na-
tural and market price of wages, on agricultural in-
dustry, was little understood ; and although it was the
most powerful cause in operation, yet it does not ap-
pear, during the Revolution, to have been discovered
to be the chief cause why the principle of bettering the
condition of the labourer, and that of his family, was
less efficient in Cayenne and St. Domingo, than in
Europe. It is now well understood by political econo-
mists, and President Boyer has perceived its truth.
When this will be the ease with ANGLIN, it is not
worth while enquiring. but, in time, there can be no
doubt of the principle producing a due effect on the
public mind. The natural price of labour, or the value
of subsistence, and a certain scale of comforts, is repre-
sented by the exertion of an hour or two during the
day in the West Indies. The exact amount of exertion,
of course, varies not only in different islands, but during
different years in the same island, from the effect of
seasons, difference of soil, &c.
In Cayenne, it appears, on the authority of M.
Malenfant, that the Proprietor of the land, buildings,
and machinery, could only get from the fr,ee Negro, a
,degree of voluntary exertion during a whole day,
which was valued at two sous ; but with which, and
the mode of payment, the labourer was dissatisfied.
Now the market price of the labourer's wages would
depend on the supply and demand for labour in the
Colony. That, again, would depend on the exchange-
able.value of the results of that labour, which had been
hired to cultivate a rich and fertile soil. These re-
sults, when exhibited in sugar, coffee, cotton, &c. and
in quantities beyond the consumption of the Colony,
must depend, for their exchangeable value, on the
supply and denaand of these articles in markets where
similar articles would enter into competition with them
for sale. The articles thus entering into competition
with those from Cayenne, were raised in other Colo-
nies by Slaves whose labour cost only their mainte-
nance, and the amount of -all the losses and risks inci-
dent to that kind of property. The market price of the
wages of the free Negro labourer in Cayenne, would„
therefore, be chiefly regulated by the natural price of
wages in similar countries, together with the risks inci-
dent to Slave property. The *mai ket pike of wages ap-
pears to-have been only a *malt degree greater than the
natural price of wages in the Colony of Cayenne; but, as

shewn in St. Domingo, thcargument is not altered byl
the market price of wages actually being higher than
Colonel Malenfant " states. For, had the Cayenne free
Negro been in a situation that he must work or starve,
he would have exerted himself for the market price of
wages, regulated as I have explained, whatsoever these
wages may have been; bur, horn the climate, and the
fertility of the soil, he had no fears about subsistence,
and the only inducement which the Piopi ietor of the
land and buildings could afford to give, in wages, was
insufficient to overcome the reluctance which a free
man, whether Indian or Negro, has to encounter agi
cultural labour, in a climate where he has no fear of
want ; and where indolence and repose are felt, and en-
joyed, as sources of pleasure and happiness.
The white Capitalist, or proprie(or of land, building.,
and machinery, being equally unable to c•.eice the ex-
ertion of the free labourer, or to give him such wages
as would induce the necessary degace of eaertion to
cultivate his canes, naturally sank into poverty an,'
ruin, his capital affording him little more than su'ssist
ence, and a scale of comforts proportionate to hi• own
exertions, or that portion of his capital which might
have exchangeable value.
The French Government, therefore, it appears,
was obliged to interfere, and to a certain, but limited
extent, some Proprietors were enabled to.have la-
bourers, but in a manner so unprluitalde to a'l parties,
that S:avery was ultimately restored in the Colony of
Cayenne, wages having failed in accomplishing the ob-
ject expected.
In St. Domingo, for reasons explained, the black plo-
prietors of the soil could afford to give higher wages
to agiicultural labourers than in any British West India
Colony: but yet the market price must there be limited,
as elsewhere, by the principles already mentioned. The
result, therefore, is, that although food will be raised
for subsistence, by the stimulus of necessity, yet the
articles having exchangeable value in a foreign market,
as sugar, coffee, cotton, affording profit to the capi-
talist, will diminish, and in a ratio having reference to
the greater or less portion of labour which may enter
into the elements composing the
,value of the article
produced. Of those colonial productions, perhaps
sugar and ginger require most labour, and these ar-
ticles, consequently, are least cultivated among the
free Negroes, wherethe market rate of wages is high.
Coffee, cocoa, &c. being produced from trees, when
once planted, can be preserved, and continued with little
labour, and the fruits, in like manner, being easily ga-
thered and preserved, labour does not form so great
a proportion in their elements of value; nor is the ex-
ertion of labour, when required, so steady and uni-
form, since, during a short period only is it required,
chiefly to gather the fruits of trees produced by
such natural agents as the sun, the showers, and the
soil. IA this case, short periods of human exertion, pro-
ducing great results, can afford to be better paid, for
that short period, than the same exertion could be re-
warded if engaged for the whole year, when its results
would not be so profitable to the Proprietor.
A species of irregular industry like this, or occa-
sionally felling timber, is found consistent with those
habits of life which distinguish people who are in a
backward state of knowledge and civilization in the
Torrid' Zone. Yet even in these kinds of industry, I
spewed, in any ninth letter, that the President of Haiti
deemed it necessary t', impose certain restraints on the
free and intelligent Negroes who were about to emi-
grate thither from the United States of America. In the
Constitution of Haiti, under Petion, to encourage agri-
cultural labour, and permanent engagements therein,
in preference to service in towns as domestics, a law
was passed siaipending the latter description of persons,
when receiving wages, from exercising the privileges of
free citizens of the Republic, in common with persons
guilty of certain crimes, which are enumerated'. In
short, it has been found necessary to form laws and re-
gtilations relative to labour, which would not be tole-
rated:in England by a free people ; but without these re-
gulations, it must be admitted, that the black Proprie-
tors-of Haiti have found themselves unable to derive
adequate benefit from possessing the lands of the former
white Proprieiors, who had been destroyed or expelled.
• Constitution D'Haiti, page 9.
(To be continued.)

The Brighton Gazette says—" Mrs. and Miss FOOTE
are continuing their stay in Brighton, and' much cu-
riosity has been manifested to obtain i sight of the lat-
ter at the Theatre, where she has occupied a box every
night, we believe, since our last."
The votes for the Presidency of the United States
stood as follows:—Mr. ADAMS, 74; General JACKSON,
44; Mr. CRAW/TODD 32. There remained 107 votes
not given. It was understood that the appointment of
'Chief Magistrate would devolve on the House of
' Representatives.
Among the many new Companies and schemes
lately brought forward in the City, is a Slaughtering
Society ; or as they introduce themselves in a prospec-
tus," The London Improvement Society." The Com-
pany, which takes its idea from the abattoirs, or public
slaughter-houses of Paris, exposes its hopes and pros-
pects in the following paragraphs:—" To effect the re-
moval of the nests of slaughter-houses from. the Me-
tropolis, with all their attendant evils and annoyances
to the Public; to destroy those haunts of vice and in-
humanity in their neighbourhood, which ate the con-
stant resort of the desperadoes in the employ of the
carcase butchers, must be admitted, by every reflecting
person, to be objects of the first importance. It will
pave the way for the removal of Smithfield market, and
for other improvements connected with the health,
comfort, and convenience of the inhabitants of London;
and also afford a fair opportunity to those who are in.
terested in the success of the undertaking, to employ
their capital with advantage; as will appear by the
,fol-
lowing alculation, supposing the prices charged, are for
14 552 beasts, at 51. each - 2e37,7,811
1,264,120 sheep, 2s. - - 126,412
300,000 pigs, 21, 64. - - 37,500
200,000 calves, ts. ed. - . 25,e00

£226,000
With these views an Association will be formed, with a
capiial of 1,000,0001. to be raised in shares of 50/. each,
51. to be paid.at the time of subscribing, and the re-
mainder as the Directors of the Association may le-
quire, for the purpose of erecting public buildings, as
slaughter-houses."

At the Westminster Sessions, yesterday, the noted
ci-devant Captain Patten•ho, otherwise O'Hara, was tried
on a charge of fraudulently passing a note for la
of the Weald of Kent Bank, which stopped payment
in 1814. The prisoner as found Guilty, and sentenced
l to seven )ean' transportation.

MitirP"?'77.‘P.r

. .

,NATAL INTELLIGENCE.

We are without any further accounts of the loss of the ship Dia.
mood, Captain Macey, which sunk in Cardigan Hay oil Saturday
night. It is not known, with any degree of accuracy, boir many
persons were on board the ship at the time she struck; norhow
many were saved from a watery grave. We fear, however, that
the number will be considerable. It is not known how Many
sengers were on board ; but she was advertised in the New York
papers received by the Silas Itichards," for passengers only," and a '
Gentleman who arrived in the Packet states, that wveral passen-
gers It al engaged places tin board the Diamond before he left
New York
The Zama, A t.t.eir, of Sunderland, sunk in Hollesly Bay onWed-
nesday—crLw and materials saved.
The Mont,lue, Nlomto, front Leith to Hull, was on shore on
Holy I.land, on Tuesday. ,
Faimovvri, Jas. 3.—Wind R.S.E.—Arrived his Majesty's ship
REYNA RI), tram a cruize ; and Success, RUSSeLL, from St. John's,
New Brunswick. S died the whole of the outward bound.
Pie MOUTH, JAL s.—Wind E.—Sailed the whole of the outward
bound. Of the port, the Buyard, Itotitzsoe, from New York.
Poevsatouvir, JAN. 6. --. Wind Southerly, with light airs..-7 Ar-
rived the Lord &Acid, Direan, for Bengal, with damage, having
been run foul of in the Downs. Sailed the Maria and Frinsbury
transports, tor Sierra Leone; and the remainder of th outward
bound which did not get away yesterday, except the Louisa,
Dounrev, for Grenada; Elizabeth, WA !SCR, for ditto; and
Her-roles, Vxmarae, for New South Wales, which vessels remain.
Dear., JAN.6.—Wind N.W. light airs.—No arrivals or sailing..
LivErtroot., Jay. 5. Wiod E.— Arrived the Gulnare, Luta,
from N'irginia, and is on shore near the Magazines. Forty-two
sail, all bound to foreign ports, have sailed this day.
