MUNICH, MARCH 4.

The Empress of Russia is expected here en the
12th, and the Paperer on,the 15th. '
DUSSELDORF, mAttcH '1 t;'.
It seems that Sir S. Smith will be charged to re-
duce the Barbary States. tie finds no difficulty in
the execution of his plan, to Which the principal
Powers have already actedeck

MATH POPEA67, WEDNEveirs4ln

-~

PARIS, MARCH I&

(NUM THE MUNITSUR.)
The Duke of Feltre took the oath this evening be.
tween the King's hands, as Minister Sectetary of State
cf War.

The Foreign Ministers accredited to his Majesty,
:laving at their head the Baron de Vincent, their Dean
(doyen), have hastened to express .to the King the
strong interest which they take in the unexpected
event which disturbs the peace of the kingdom. They
have claimed the honour of being hear his person on
all possible occasions I that by surrounding him they
may give an evidence of their deep respect fur a Mo-
narch why has already penetrated Europe with the
same sentiment both from his misfortunes his exalted
•irtues, and that generous exercise of his pOwer so
well recompensed by the love of his people.
Intelligence from Besancon of the 11th mentions,
that the moment the march of Bonaparte was known,
a general movement burst out in Franche Comte.—
The National Guard took arms the inhabitants ri-
valled the authorities civil and military, in the execu-
tion of the rapid and sudden measures which circum-
stances required. The same details are brought from
all the departments of Alsace and Flanders. In all
the great garrisons the spirit is good, order and disci.
pline are steady there. The reports presented this
day to the Chamber of Deputies by the Ministers of
the Interior and of War, give the most assuring in-
formation on those subjects. Paris gives on this occa-
sion a fine example of zeal and devotedness. .Scarcely
were the measures published which called to volun-
tary services the friends of their Kieg and country,
wherrnurnerous lists were filled up with the Generals
Who had this honourable duty : gallant veterans dis.,
tinguished by their services seconded this movement.
The nu,,ber of those volunteers increases every mo-

ment. One company of the household has already
1500 supernumeraries. This sudden spirit has been
in one instant the result of an appe to French ho
flour. This appeal is universally felt ; it is universally
answered ; the salvation of the State will soon be the
reward of those heroes who have devoted there elves
for the defence of their King and all that is dcar to
man.

A party of rebels who have abjured the hohour of
the French soldier, have violated their oath of filelity
to the sing, and have joined themselves to a chief.
who is not a Frenchman. Shall such as they break
down 25 millions of men, of a proud and gallant na-
tion, to submit once more • to the illegitimate, tyran-
aicai, and ferocious domination of that alien, after
returning under the legitiinite, gentle, and paternal
governatent of a French King ? This question, which
now,pcitts the indignation of nay hmoutablc man,

would have no jokiest for at* vim pease faint*
misfortunes from the past; or if the attesaptof this
alien agaiast the liberties and ibdepeadeace of our
country could have a moment's success. We say a
moment of success; for who is there that does not
see that France will never consent to renew the hu.
miliation of receiving the law from an usurper, fol.
lowed by a few regiments that have turned traitor*
to honour, their ceuntit and their King ? Are they
not arming in the South, in the North, in the West,
every where ? Is not the national will on all sides
steady, energetic, untameable ? Bonaparte is in rebel-
lion again the whole of human feeling. He is des-
tined, for the honour of France and the repose of
Europe, to find on that French territory which he has
invaded, the final chastisement of that insult.
Indissoluble union, fidelity to the best of Kings,
confidence in the legislature so worthy of their great
occupation, confidence in the Generals and faithful
soldiers, confidence in the noble•hearted national
guard, and France is saved. Such is a summary ana-
lysis of the ideas of the multitude of addresses which
flow in from all quarters, and which all contain a
new oath of allegiance offered in all ways that a
powerful and united nation can express to the Go-
vernment to which its fate is bound.

Those sentiments are expressed with peculiar
strength by the Constituted Authorities, the Public
Functionaries, the Municipal Body, and the Na-
tional Guard of Chaumont ; the Members of the
Council of Prefecture, of the Department of the
Aise, and the General • Council : the Mayor and
Members of the Municipal Council of the town of
Clermont (Oise) ; the Municipal Body of the town of
Aire; the Prefects of the Departments of Vienna,
the Council of Prefecture, the Sub-Prefect of Poitiers.
the Secretary-General, the Members of the Munici.
pal Council of the same town ; the Municipal Coun-
cil of the town of Maur, the General Staff, the
Royal Gendarmerie, and the 35th regiment in gar.
rison in the town ; the Municipal Body of the town
of Raye, the Mayor, the Municipal Council of Di-
jon ; the Mayor and Municipal Council of the town
of Buzancois ; the Civil, Judicial, and Military Au-
thorities of the town of Fleche ; the Prefect and
Council of Prefecture of the Department of Loir et
Cher ; the Municipal Body of the town of Nantes ;
the Sub-Prefect of the Arrondissement of Pont Au-
demer ; the Municipal Council of the town of Neuf-
thatch the Sub-Prefect, Coadjutors; and Members
of the Municipal Council, and National Guard of
Calais; the General Staff and Commandant of the
place; the Tribunal of Commerce at Blois; the
Prefect, the Council of Prefecture, the Members of
the General Council of the Department of Maine
and Loire ; the National Guard of Angers, the
idunieipel Body of the Tows. •

We are assured, that several foreign Ministers have
said to the Icing, 44 Site; we do not dissimulate with
'your Majesty, that we have transmitted accounts to
our Courts of what is passing in France; and that in
case this state of things should be piolonged, their
reply will be the entrance of the troops of our Sore:
reigns into France."
Such, Frenchmen, is one of the benefits which Bo-
naparte brings to us—a foreign war which may lead
the Cossacks a second time to the gates of Paris.—
Shall we not, then, arm ourselves to repel that man
who is not afraid of plunging us in the horrors of a
civil and foreign war to satisfy his odious ambition ?
What, shall we not balance between a Xing, who,
alone, keeps by his pacific hand 200,000 English,
Russians, and Prussians, from our frontiers, and a
tyrant whose presence will recal them among us I
Within three days, therthave been more than forty
thousand voluntary enrolments, either for the King's
guard, or for the Royal volunteers. Almost all the
officers on half pay at Parts have made it a point of
honour to inscribe themselves among the Ding's
guards. More than 500 peasants in the suburbs and
the precincts have enrolled themselves under the com-
mand of officers of the line.

We are assured that General Dupont, with all the
troops of his division, has set .out from Tours 0 are
rest the march of Bonaparte—his soldiers are ani-
mated with the best spirit.
CHAMBER OF DEI

IVO 07 7 its ISTII MAP CU.

After some preliminary business, the Abbe Mon-
tesquiou appeared in the tribune.
44 Gentlemen," said he, •, the King has ordered
me to communicate to you the situation of our de-

partments—that is to say, their good spit:it, then
courage, and devotedness to his cause, and to that of
liberty. The first moment of that unheard of ag-
gression, we hastened to write to the menaced de-
partments to summon the national guards, and the
whole population, to the defence of the country.
" The Prefect of the Var had already given the
signal, and the city of Marseilles replied to it with
that ardour of liboty and gratitude of which i; has,
given so many proofs; the Drone published its in-
dignation in an Address to the King; the depart-
ments which Bonaparte has traversed may have been
surprised, but not one has been shaken; the Var, the
Upper and Lower Alps, have regarded him on his
passage as a public enemy s being unable to combat
him, they received him with a gloomy silence, which
made him perceive on his entrance into France the
sentiments that awaited him.
The department of the Rhone, without arms,
without defents, saw itself invaded bat could ISo,
imparts doisbt of thelatriotisns of the Lyme,' I--
What city impulse Lyons -in generality. We re.

calved from it nothing buttise most honourable testi-
monies of its devotedness tip to the last moments of
its liberty. This success of the enemy, far from hay.
ing checked the ardour of other provinces, has in-
spired them with new ardour.
• " The departments of the Soane and Loire, of the
Cote d'Or, of the Nievre, the Doubs, the Meurthe,
the Marne, the Aube, the Upper Marne, tha Seine
and Marne, the Lower Seine, Calvados, Ste: In a
word, all those who have had time to send their ad-
dresses, are emulous in admirable testimonies of their
fidelity. The cities rival the departments in zeal;
we are busy in collecting all those addresses, to con-
secrate for ever a monument of courage and of ha-
tred to tyranny ; yes, what Frenchmen would bear
to see the days of oppression and perfidy return ?
They are passed, and horror is the only sentiment
they have left behind them.
gl It is enough that we have to lament the treason
of some warriors France wishes only to possess the
defenders of its liberties ; she disowns And proscribes
for ever those unnatural hearts, who dare to sacrifice
her to vile interest: We speak it with shuddering,
amidst all our calamities a national. glory belonged
to us; we oted it to our armies; we presented them
with pride to foreigners ; we loved to recollect their
triumphs, and that admirable generosity which im-
pelled them to march from pole to pole, whenever
there was danger; why, amongst this race of heroes,
must we now count some whc are faithless, and de-
serters amongst the pillars of the national glory ?I
Let us lament this with those truly French soldiers,
who, at all times, have known only to shed their
blood for their country t who always faithful to her
voice, and strangers to all discords, wished only to
serve and die for her.

46 They will now avenge their country, which it is
wished to enslave, and their glory which some have
dared to obscure : all the chiefs point out to their
brethren in arms the path of honour; each is at his
post, ready to march at the voice of the country.
•• Already the Marshal de Trevise has informed
Ms corps d'armec of the perfidy of our enemies, and
all the troops led astray have returned under the
standards of honour. General Daboville has not
seen one faithless among his men ; all of them repel-
led ?he traitor who dared to tempt their fidelity.
" Marshal Ney is collecting his legions, and dis•
plays in this cause that firmness of character and of
principle, which always distinguished him. Marshal
Macdonald, after having performed prodigies and
attempted impossibilities at Lyons, brings back to
the King his talents, and that character of loyalty
and honour, which renders him equally dear to
France and the army.

Marshal Oudinot is at the head of those grena-
-,liars-of France, of that illustrions-old guard so re-
nowned in Europe, and which has reserved to itself
the glory of being the model and example of all the
armies ; faithful to their King, and to their Chief,
who is equally covered with scars and with glory :
we shall see them march to the aid of their country,
and repress by their renown as well as by their arms,
all who shall wickedly hesitates
44 The Marshal D'Albutera only requires to be
nutted to inspire the same confidence in France, and
in the armies. The whole kingdom, then; sees only
defenders ; the provinces, the cities, the fields ; Ge-
nerals, Officers, soldiers, all reject the enemy who
brings us foreign war, civil war, slavery, and death.
It is for you, Gentlemen, to second this noble ardour;
decree, or rather confirm, that general rising of the
friends of liberty ; all Frenchmen reply to the voice
of the Government, let them hear your's also ; a
zeal so generous cannot be too highly praised ;—let
all the names which distinguish themselves in this
glorious cause, be inscribed in your annals.
" Already the King has diffused his bounty among
the officers and troops who gave the first proofs of
fidelity ; let them know from you, how much they
have deserved of the country. is that man aware of
all the resources of liberty, who has known so well
those of servitude ? Does he know what a nation
can do that is animated by its rights, and comman-
ded by a Prince whom no difficulty alarms, to whom
danger affords only a trial of courage ? It is not un-
der sack a King that France is to be conquered.
Let us leave the enemies of liberty to accuse the
mildness of Government. Mitions are not courage.
ous in proportion to their servitude; there is a gene-
rosity which belongs only to free men, and wheh
produces heroes t France will afford an eternal ex-
ample of this. If, while under tyranny, she could
conquer Europe, how brave will she be in combat-
ing under liberty t Let us be united, Gentlemen,
and in a moment we shall behold the disappearance
Or this senseless enterprize, which will make its parti-
zans blush, and will only be a new proof of the ex-
cellence of our new laws, and, of that paternal Go-
vernment which the King has derived from his own
heart."

M. de MONTESQUIOU then delivered in the follow-
ing Plan of Law :
" Louts, by the grace of GOD, sing of France
and Navarre, &c. :
Wishing to ward off from our people the scourge
of a new foreign war, 'which might break out on the
sews reaching Congress of the appearance of Napo-
leon Bonaparte on the French tet ritory ;
" Wattling to give to the French army a mark of
our satisfaction and confidence, and to our faithful
subjects a new guarantee of all their political and
civil rights foubdc4 ou the constitut'iona'l charter, we

hate ordered; and do order, the following plan of
laW to be submitted to the Chamber of Deputies by
onr Minister of the Interior :

• *Art. 1. The prrisoes of La Fere, i Me, and Cembray, have
deserved well of their King and cou4try ; a n.itiobal recntup.wse
shall be decreed to them.
" 2. The garrison of Antibes has equally deserved well of thole
country, and shall receive a usual:al reconvenes.

" Marshals Mortler, Duke of Treviso, and Maedonald,Duk•
of Taieatunt, have deserved well of the country; a national re-
wird shall be voted to dawn.

4 3. Pensions shall be given to the soldiers wounded, and to
ebb families of those who are killed in combating Napoleon 80.
napane.

" 4. The two Chambers shall, without delay, take into eon.
slderation the means of filling up the •acancies in the Chamber
of Deputies of Departments.
" Given at Paris, in our Castle of the Thuilleries this IStb of
March, 1815, and of our reign the !Oth."

On the proposal of the President, gronnded on the
urgency of the case, the Chamber ordered the plats
of law to be laid before the Committees for instant de.
liberation.

The PRESItIZNT then declared, that the Minister of
State for the War Department had Also COMMURiC4O
tions to make to the ChaMber. and thAt two of its
Members &melded to submit propositions to it.

The Duke of Favraz.;:iiis The Chamber has wish.
ed to hear from my mouth some details ielitive to
my department; but Gentle:hen will readily believe
that, having held the office for only 24 hours, I have
not been enabled to arrange In my behd, all that
would be interesting to communicate ; but if I have
not yet been able to read the mass of papers which
compose the correspondence, there is not °lie of great
impttance which I have not made myself acquaint.
ed with ; and the want of time, which has not per.
mitted me to do more, has also preverized me lions
giving to the Chamber a communication in writing,
reduced to method.

61 It is certain that the loyalty Of General Lions
has caused the failure of one of the fliO3 d.ingerotte
means of him who is the terror of every man who
loves the liberty of his country. This odious machi-
nation, commenced in the South of France, spreads
its threads even to the department of the north.—The
hand of GOD appears to have conducted thither the
Duke of Trevisoi as if by miracle, in order to Lid feat
it. Directed by Lefebvre Desnouettes, a body of
troops was to hare advanced on Nu?on and Paris i
and there to have caused the greatest disorders.
N These troops, however, were iguorant of what
they were doing, even when about possessing them-
selves of the important arsenal of La Fete: but pre-
sently being undeceived th►•y re-entered the path of
duty. Thus, Gentlemen, in the North the soldiets
have generally manifested a rig t spirit, and can
cause no disquietude either to the King or the nation.
44 It is not the same with the troops which were at
Lyons. We ought to have reckoned on the impur-
tont depot of Grenoble, and on the promptitude of the
departure of the Princes. An unexpected defection
rendered insufficient all the means attempted to op.
pose the movement which placed Lyons in the power
of the enemy of the country ; for certainly there Kas
no insufficiency of courage.

K Teo much praik cannot.be given to the Princes
who wished to make a complete resistance : and it
was only on account of fortuitous circumstances that
it became necessary to renounce a perseverance
which could lead to nothing. In fact, there was a
total want of artillery. It was natural to take it
from Grenoble, the nearest depot. There was no.
thing disposable, except a little powder and a wretch-
ed piece of cannon which had been abandoned by
the Austrian army ; it was therefore impossible to re-
sist, especiallY when the garrison of Grenoble had
been guilty of the defection of which I complain.
But the troops who are moving from the north at this
moment chew the best spirit.
64 Measures have been taken to defeat those auda.
dons attempts on French fidelity and 1 ben)? : they
are in execution at this moment, and I hope they will
have the success which the nation has a rioht to tr.-
pect from the vigiLhce of its G verarnent.

u Some news have caused just alarm, anJ gave
notice of the danger in which me capital might have
been placed by the odious treason 01 General Des.
nouettes. The King, incapable of deceiving any
body, learned with grief a proceeding so urexpected.
His Majesty offered to me the portefatilis of the war
office : it would have been cowardly to refuse it tin-
der circumstances so painful. I did not fear to an-
swer this honourable confidence, because I felt as-
sured that I should be faithful to my duties, as during
my whole life I have been faithful to all my engage-
ments."

• At these words of the Miniver the most lively ac.
clamations burst forth from all quarters. . .

The PRESIDENT-44 However pure those sentiments
may be which have just been displayed, I mast ap•
peal to those regulations which forbid all marks of ap.
probation or disapprobation in this assembly. If those
marks are repeated. I must clear the house.'
The Duke of FELTRE.—" I owe it to truth to say,
that in accepting a function so delicate, underezisting
circumstances, I should not have done it, except in
the expectation of being supported by the entire con-
fidence of the King and of :me two Chambers. I yen-

tore to reckon upon them. Arrived at my fiftieth
year, I have never deceived any body ; and if while
I was in Tuscany, the city of Paris wished to give
me a signal testimony of its esteem, it was becaue it
~knew that I was an honest man, and incapable of
failing in my duty. I say this, because I was nadir

4' •

a government different from that so so happily re•estabi.
lished in France by the return of his Majesty. • •
“ I come now to the communications which I hate
to make to the Chamber"—
Here the Minister added, that, the last report just
received, announced that the enemy of France had
obtained no further successes : that although it had
happened that some of the military had been seduced
io betray the King and the nation, yet the zeal and
fidelity of the numerous corps which covered Paris,
and the honourable devotedness tithe brave national
guard, were sufficient to reassure every mind.
The Duke of Feltre was pleased to give proofs of
ihe good spirit which 'nitrated the ancient chautun
of the guards ; he drew ' hii details from a letter of
General Lions to the Duke of Dalmatia. Four °
nM-
oe of this regiment have received from, . King the
cross of St. Louis, la recompense of r fidelity.
Major Lions commands is the room o the traitdr
7)esnotiettes, ancroideri have been issued to arrest, l'
whatever he is, that unworthy Frenchman. The
Minister then, pa5,..41 the highest eulogium on the
hussars of AngOuleme, who, in addresses signed by
the whole corps, have appioached the King with the
expression of their fidelity and upright sentiment. 1
The Minister at last announced, that the tl/0 Gd-
nerals,. LAllemand, and 10 indivialtals, some or
whom arc aidea,de.camp, accomplices with them,
brine, •:gt.: !Judy pursued by the gendarmeries have
h..en ...:: . o. and delivered over to a court-martin
which will pronounce against them the punishmed
due to their crime.
_ .

One of the Deputies asked the Minister if he could
Bgive any information as to the troops at Metz and
esancon ?
The Duke of Feltre declared that he could not
speak too favourably of the attachment and fidelity
of those troops, ;of that old guard which the King
proposed to eropkvc with the more confidence, because
tt had never brought a. stain on French honour.
in fine. the telegraphic dispatches, which bacchant
transmitted are perfectly encouraging.
As to the movements of troops, continued the Mi:
nister, the ClLimber will excuse my entering into le-
-tail, AS it might furnish a•clue.
h .ve nothing to add, Gentlemen, except that
there ate measures which are necessary in the crisis
in wl'ich we stand : but they must emanate from you.
The blinisters cannot do everything. The wishes
of the nati,ar are even more powerful than all which
the King could do, not merely for his own preserva-
tion, but for the happiness of the people.
The Duke. Of Feltre having desiendeci from the
Tribune,' the Preside/Winched one of the Members,
whoa/ none was on the list; to make a proposition to
the C.fiamfafr. • •

. M. Dixoname.—Gentlelisms, the Ministers of the
Xing have presented to the Chamber the project of
law to which I propose to add an amendment, of•
which I regret that I cannot develope the motives:
but without doubt you will find that it justifies itself :
it is this:
The Cluimber•of Deputies declares that the de-1
posit of the national charter and of the public liberty,
is entrusted to the fidelity and courage of the army,
of the national guards, and of aN the catisens.r •
The PRINDIEt4r 110116Ultet whether the Chamber
'mold take into •cousileration the proposition of M.
Dolhornie.
The Abbe Du Morreacanou.—We can declare in
the n:►me of his Majesty, that the Government entirely.
adopts the proposed addition. • - '
The Chamber declared unanimously that it would
take into consideration the amendment proposed by.J
M. Delhorme, and ordered that it should be imme-
diately re•ferrrd to the Committee.
M. LAJ,..eo (of the Seine) submitted to the Cham-
ber a proposition, tending to secure the payment of
pensions to the military Members of the Legion df
Honour.—(We shall give the details of this• propo-
sition.)
It was:taken into consideration, and will be•imme-

diately debated in Committee. • •
One of the Secretaries read the following Petition
addressed to the Chamber r-
-46 Gentlemen—We offer ourselves to the King and
the country. The Students of Law;"iii• a body, asks
kaveto march. We will not abandon either our
Sovereign or our constitutios. Faithful to French
hollow we ask for arms. The feeling of affection
which we bear to Lonis XVIIL wilt answer for the
constancy of our devotedneds. We want no 'More
; we want liberty. We have its .they• Come to
rob Its of it. We will defend it even Warta*. *Pais
k R ii l rive la Ctonditwion " • •
This p.lition was honourablyrecei*ed,and referred
to the GOvcrnment.
The Pres4lent broke up the Sitting, and the De-
puties retired to their respective Committees.. •
'file French Fundi are at 66. • • •
Pitoll TAIL GAZETTE DL mance.
This evening. (March 18) arrived two Aides-. de:
Camp of Monsieur,.and a courier from Marshal Ney,
who have.braught the most satisfactory-intell*nr*
The'bfarshal was advancing from Francheriomte
with 7000 excellent troops of the line, ou who nis be,
could sitpond, and a multhude of the Fran* Porn.'
tese. who wished to March with him.
The Director of G,oeral Police has received news
from Lyons. Bonaparte au there 'with a force of
from 5 to. 6000 men —they were harassed with fa-
tigue, and incompetent to march for two or three
days. The two reginteots which had joined him have
declared, that since they 'found resistance, they would
not fight against Frenchmen, and that they would
not math against a King whom the nation wished
to support--.they then disbande, shameless..
Bgna-
parse has no ammunition ; he hac,ha4.lho coast eocupy
reception at Lyons, which appears, in alarm him.
Marshal Oudinot has set out .frosts • Metz, at the
bead of the Royal Guard. That prialtes have re-
ceived the rank of serjeants, and the setlesots that of,
officers. Their chief answers for them ; they march
post to Melon.
The Duke of I;:littrio is at choices, with a corps
of good and faithful troops.
• ' PARIS, MARCH 14s •
• His Royal Highness Monsieur arrived here this
morning at four o'clock.
We are assured that General Dupont, with all the
troops of his division, has set out from Touts to stop'
on hts side the march of Bonaparte. His troops are
aniisaled with the best spirit.
Tiae.cay_of fkkanii.hav?lastvienaMsa• • .10411 x.

Ittejesty, With mi alreetiensie .sarioyiktelciresi in
the present emergency. triwbielt his Majesty istureed
thelollowing sneerer s—
., * I receive witirpiessere tidi eepremites of tbe oedema* d
die City of Orieeoe—it repreeeeule nee ekes ef dl Frew% Olt
which I tispoed, esti OMR eseeiese to do se wit*. 11i* teamper
confidence."

6 • ••6 .6 • •
FRENCH PAWS TO THURsilir. •

. • • -•• .
aftsmii
CHAMBER OF DZIPUVISI

armies or TUB I 41111.91• 1
The public business beg* * las two o'cloc
to-day.
I•
The Report of the Central Conirpission on the
Project of the Law Fleeted yesterday by the Mi-
nister of the Interior, was.read.

.: .'4

M. FAO= DZII4OII*I-•WC ate now canes UP=
to deliberate upon the prnject of the law by which a
public homage is presented to Marshals Macao's'
Doke of Teresina, Monier, Duke of Treviso:to and
to the garrittons e 4 Liil,, La. Fern, Camkey, sod
Antihes. Circumstances du not admit of long
speeches. A scoundrel, the scourge of Europe who
has po Ivo& opprpard, our country, and ISOM
whom, we, have woniponsly pronounced a soneneo
of exite, io which, Die a sneaking villain, he humbly
submitted, thla stretch wishes once more to
gate France. 1. .
He had no army; he reckoned upon forming one
with the weak and the refuse of society; and such a
his contempt for mankind, that be newer doubted.of
success for an instant. He calumniated our bravo
soldiers when he thought them capable of abandon.
ling the cause of liberty, to serve him who has barn
its vino constant enemy.

Yes, he has calumniated the brave garrisons of
Lille, Cambray, Antibes, and La Fere, who, in spite
of culpable suggestions and perfidious emissaries;
have giver the-first example of a fidelity not to be
shaken. And why should we not proclaim aloud
the names of their brave Commanders ? Corsin,
Aboville, Lions, eternal glory awaits you r—e-your
, King and your grateful country alike strive to load'
you with honours ! And you, Marshals of •Frandk,
Chiefs of the Army, you have cut-the threads of the
conspiracy, and by restricting the flames within nar-
rower limits, you have well nigh exringuibired them/
[After a few more observations, delivered lathe
Most animated and energetic manner, the projet of
the law- was adopted amidst acclamations.]
The Weimer, of the interior sad of the Mooch
were them istoodueed

.THa Mamma or ma Iwnasonwos Geodemen-t-
The, most iIIIVOMPA h which we have• re-
ceived is, that Menial -Ney, who declares himself
highly pleased with his • tarps d'aratet, is rapidly ad.
I, ranging upon Lyons. by the way ot tousle Sauloier..
“ We have letters from Count •Dupont' whim
troops *stead from Toon to Montargis. He praises
the dispositions of his troops, particularly of she regi-
ment which hi at Blois.• The corps at Nevem has
also -given satisfaction to their officer.
Theilispositions of the Departments are excel-
lent. We have received good news • from the troops
which are coating up tons from the vicinity of Lyons.

N Marshal Ouditsot has received orders to advance
with the Old Guard, with which he is well satisfied.
You will perhaps learn every detail, .howeverwinute,
with pleasure—in . this immense corps there has-not
been even a single reprimand given to any officer et
soldier for the last six months.

N Finally, a telegraphic dispatch from the -Duke
of Treviso, is thus conceived
" The order relative to the arrest of General
Count &Ellen was executed on the 11th. All is
perfectly tranquil in ley department. 'The officers
and soldiers are animated with the best spirit for the
service of his Majesty.' "
• The Minister then communicated the projet for a
law intently to pay the arrears due to the Members,
aad to make out immediately all the brevets 'of pm•
motion since the ist of April, 18.14; the officers 101
appointed to . take rank and, pay fmm the dato;nl
their vomioation. This law was instantly adettlid
•••
PARIS, MARCH 1&
(rani Tat MONITZUL)
Prime:en/ brtilkirtririnit I.ons-le•Saulitier oil
_41.4104 dtiettink3iptiy,:ioll ciakpt of troops
i slid "*90.44.54,01 mated rith
rit, in& *Patient to Mifn troayi of BoXipape% •
• A few strasslers.bans,,liis troops. bad: oppoop!cl:il
the eeeixees. of Macen sod -Osoloos. .Bome
waadeting --(Om ritionolgivi imelligasast
of the disposition Pi. she ilifbitaats and the apt
"Plata of the irons • dirac444..figitinst them, gems
smvellers arrivodifrons-ljoallhave axmovneed,,
On the 11 tilt at . Banapalta was still with his
POP in that 47 I that !afXwerrellllre.fnd with le!
Olone ; . ihae tbajjtypeared mare dimisisked . than in,
Creased in numbers—they are not eitiaaated at moo
than 440° 11.1, aid 114.7.40er.6.9141PW:
• Depities arrive in Paris frog out.iSirtkot France.
They bring the spit ofikingr.testiaradas of the ex-
cellent spirit which reigns in the towns eAd villages.
A few mm, deceived or badly diepoied,loaae spread
some absurd reports relating to such and each plates
r—Orld it is PteCistlY fr°Pldre "r 7 Plafkth44llll9l.
beet) eitpresse4 the stFOttgest e;IMPOPPe..er 4Trar
and indignation against the oprogo if kjaace pad
all Europe, - • .
Tbc noble exarnpleoi ;wage easjdnyolOnastgires
Ihf 701061. en >1 ttoolo4lllei

~/1111000.

• ~

!'slate'vOirilly Watt follow/1W a considerable. tiatn-
ber of persons.
The 'lists' multiply exceedingly with the Priam
rand the General Officers, directed to manage • this
movement of national enthusiasm. The Students of i
Law and Medicine have to.clay paraded most quer-
ters of Paris with the white cockade attached to a

flag—they marched to the cries of Yew k Ail, pre-
ceded and followed by a concourse of people who
joined in the acclamations. The windows of the
streets were all crowded. The women applauded by

waving their handkerchiefs, and seemed desirous of
inspiring an additional degree of courage in these vo-
lunteers by repeating their cries. In them were dis-
covered the very same ardour and enthusiasm which
gave so much eclat to the expression of the public
opinion in the first stages of the restoration.
Lieutenant-General Count d'Erlon has been at
crested at Lille, by order of the Minister of War.

A letter addressed to Marshal Moncey, Inspector.
General to the Royal Gens.d'armes, states, that Quar-
ter.blaster Petit, residing at Laferte.Milon, having
learnt that about seven o'clock on the 12th, eight
men, armed and mounted, were in the Commune of
MirolsVise), distant about half a kagne from La:
ferte.blilon, marched thither with a btigade, bat'
they had taken their departure. They were follovresV,
by the route they had taken, and five were secured
No papers were found upon them which could justify
the motives of their journey. They wtre conveyed
to the prison at Ferte-Milon, and are to be transported
to Soissons. These men prove to be Marshal Lalle-
mend ; Captain Moulin, Aide.de-Camp to the pre-
ceding; Lieutenant Marzac, of the King's regiment;
the Marshal of Artillery Lallemani, brother to the
first ; and Rcynal, a servant.
The three who escaped are Lieutenant-General
Lefebvre Desnouettes, Colonel Marin of the Artillery,
and the Chief of the Squadron, Brice, of the Royal
Chasseurs.

His Majesty considering the multiplicity of busi

Reis attending the duties of the IDirector•General of
the Police, has decided upon re-establishing the Office
of Prefect of Police in Paris. M. Bourriene, Charge
d'Affaires at Hamburgh, has been appointed to the
situation.

The. Reports of the Ministers of the Interior and
of War presented yesterday to the Chamber of De-
puties, produced upon all minds that favoittableitn.
pression which -is always attendant on fsanknestrand
truth. The Government bas concealed nbne Of the
public dangers. It has officially made drab knowit.,
It new receives the just reward of this only method
of listing towards Frenchmen. The animating di-
tails which it has published were oit the IMMO* of
their appearance, received with public confidence. •
funaparte, according( to the latest accounts, had
not quitted Lyons. His progress had been rapid,
but be was necessitated to stop. He had not oecti-
pied.the departments between Lyons and Frejus. He
passed through them. Peaceful, indulging ifs the
repose for which they had long been sighing t'ocen.:
pied in retrieving their losses brthe war, and lepos.
ing under the laws protecting equally their persons'
and property, the inhabitants were far from expecting
a fresh storm. It passed in the midst •of them, but
it left no traces behind it.

Bonaparte discovers himself in the midst of France,
armed. against bins, with the recollection of his mis:
fortunes, and the just fears for the future with which
be would threaten us. He calculates on assistance
from places in the North ; but the Genius of:France
was watchful. Our fortresses and garrisons hare re-
mained faithful to us—these troops renew their oaths
through those worthy (nerals who have so fre-
quently led them on to victory. Men who were from
the Monarch led astray have returned totheir duty.
The traitors are either in flight or in irons. The
greatest proportion of those who have assisted in the
rebellion will be frightened at their retirement, and
will hasten to implore the clemency of their King.
POSTSCRIPT TO Till JOURNAL DZS DZBATS OP
*ARCM 15.
As Marshal bfacdonakl descended, last night, from
the King's apartments, the people crowded around
him and exclaimed, " Vive le Mancha! MACOONALD!",
You must. not cry that, (said the Marshal, when
be bad obtained silence) Your cry ought to be Via
/,---Agaitr I say Irrer .I*Rei ! irnthiet every mail
answer me with the same acclamation I" •
Bonaparte, the brigand,' who has neither money
nor provisions, has made large requisitions.of cloth,
linen, wine, ace. at Lyons, for which' he has given'
:Imperial receipts, payable at Paris ! His soldiers are'
4sopaid hs this way. The Commune of Lyeni is in
a state of desolation. All the shops, doors and twin.
'dows aro shut. The whole city
,has dull and sombre
•• • •
appearance. ,
t • SWAN, MAltoif io..
The .Marshal Duke of Belluno, Governhi;of the
id Military Division, has published an Oiler of the
Day to. his. troops, in which ha notices the !loyal
Proclainition of the 6th, annonneing the attempt. pl
aili and eating that troops were on their
'ale .chastise his •perfidy,
appeal so tin soldiers for the fulfilment oi.their`ia.
cited duties to the Sovereign and to the countryil
PRIVATE urrrag:
6 'Vining* MATCH it raid ;hit the Erope -
rift Marauder bas fixed hit departure for the' I3th,.
*ten it is. herd the grand arrangements will fill lcoti.
Those between Aststria and aavasja- were
"minty concluded,. ,l
We learn that the' squadron from Toujon,.4es,
tined foe'CUnstantinsiple, will convey many hundreds
of Fssench bilkers to Sietly, in order to cotnmanod the
tocvs..ia cater of au Week 404 haligalLfr''

r,
