!

!

dresses which had been presented to her ; but, at the
same time, he must say it was not manly, consider-
ing the unfortunate situation in which her Majesty
was placed—the obloquy which the venal part of the
Press was daily pouring upon her—it was, he repeated,
not manly, when so irritated and assailed, to charge
her with a want of coolness in the answers which were
penned in a moment of such irritation—(Hear, hear).
He hoped the Honourable Alderman would excuse
him, when he said, that to charge the Queen with the
expression of indignant feeling which her situation
wrung from her, resembled the conduct of the Inqui-
sitor, who, after putting his victim on the rack, made
the expression of agony his tortures had wrung from
the victim, a proof of his guilt, and an aggravation
of his offence—(llear,hear). He mug say, that this
mode of attack was neither manly nor English—
(llear, hear). He (Lord Nugent) highly disapproved
of some of the Answers to which her Majesty's name,
had been affixed—he disapproved of them as much
as any man could—(Hear, hear)—but he blamed her
Advisers rather than herself: whatever was the cul-
.pability attached to any of these Answers, it, in his
opinion, vanished into a:r, when compared with cer-
tain Answers witich his Majesty had been advised to
Five to other Addresses—(Hear, hear). One Answer,
in particular, could nut have escaped the Honourable
Alderman, for it was generally addressed to the Body
to which he belonged—it was the Answer to the Cor-
poration of London—an Answer that reflected ,dislio-
nour upon hi. Majesty's Advisers, and which was
calculated to produce an extent of mischief, in corn:
parison with which any of the Queen's Answers sunk
into nothing—(hear, hear).
The Petition was then brought up, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
THE ADDRESS.

Mr. G. BANKES brought up the Report on the
Address.
Mr. LAMB was not disposed to trespass on the
time of the House, but he wished to allude to the
state of Naples and the conferences at Laybach. He
was not one of those who thought that in no case
was interference justifiable in the affairs of a foreign
Power ; but he thought un interference was justifiable
unless danger was threatened to neighbouring Na-
tions, or to the principles of society. The Govern-
ment of this country had professed a system of strict
neutrality, and a great regard for the peace of Eu-
• rope, or at least tat this country. But on the same
principle, the Government of that day had refused
to concur with France to prevent the first partition
of Poland, which had they done, the seeds of future
wars would have been choaked in the bud. On this
subject he wished information from the Noble Lord.
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that the subject was
one of great delicacy, and that it was not clear the
welfare of other Powers called for the intervention
of this country. He was inclined to think that the
Hon. Gentleman was not fully apprised of all the
facts of the case. At a proper time he (Lord Castle-
reagh) would explain the policy of the country.
Mr. WARRE observed, that as English ships had
conveyed away the King of Naples from his capital,
he hoped the Noble Lord would communicate to the
House some documents or some information upon
the subject.
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that it was difficult
to make a communication while the circumstances to
which it related were still pen4ing. But he would
state, that the Government of this country was not a
party to the demand of the three Powers for the King
of Naples to leave his capital.
Sir It. WILSON wished to know, whether as Am-
bassador from Naples had not been sent to this coun-
try, and been refused permission to present his cre-
dentials, and had, in fact, not been recognized in the
character with which he had been vested by the King
of Naples? Such conduct on the part of the British
Government must embolden those who were disaf-
fected to the new order of things in that country. On
a former occasion, the Noble Lord had stated that no
Treaties existed, except such as bad been laid before
the House ; and, on the occasion of the Russian Ma-
nifesto, had disclaimed any hostility on the part of
this country to the new Constitution of Spain. The'
Neapolitans had only asked what their King had pro-
mised theirs in 1815. In sending back the Minister
of Naples, an act of hostility had been committed;
though he was aware that there was in the country
an unaccredited Neapolitan Minister, from the re-
luctance of that nation to suspend their relations with
this country.
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, it was impossible to
follow the subject through all its details ; but there
was no act of hostility nor cause of war in not adopt-
ing new forms of connection. He could not look
with much favour on a revolution accomplished by
a particular sect or secret society, whose object was
said to be to change all the Governments of Italy.
Nothing had been done, that by the law of nations,
could be construed into an act of hostility against
Naples; though the Government of this country
looked for further information before a formal re-
cognition should take place.
Sir ROBERT WILSON thought that the non-re-
cognition of a Neapolitan Minister was an act of hos-
tility against the Constitution of Naples.
AUSTRIAN LOAN.

In answer tO a question from Mr. James,
Lord CASTLEREAGH stated, that for a length
of time there had been no payments made upon the
Austrian Loan.
Mr. JAMES then stated, that on a future day he
should move for papers upon the subject.
Sir R. HERON was sure the question of Naples
would ;lot be treated as one of delicacy by Austria.
It that House exhibited so much delicacy upon it,
Naples might be overrun and annihilated before any
beneficial interference could be interposed. Our an-
cestor s would not have shown much delicacy under
such circumstances. They would have sent a Fleet
and an Army to assist their ancient Allies in the esta-
blishment of their liberties. It was well known by
every English Gentleman who had travelled on the
Continent, that the conduct of the Government of
Austria was so execrable in Italy, that anything like
freedom or independence was utterly incompatible
with the continuance of its power. Ministers had, by
their measures, brought the counu y into such a state,
that it was impossible we could enter upon a new
war without immediate destruction to our finances.
Were it Lot fur that, there was no English heart that
would nut anxiously wish that this country should
vivrousay interfere to put down this new system of

TILE EVEN ING STA R.

LONDON. .

THURSDAY, JANUARY. 25, IS2I.
CONVZIUILON or ST. Pam—Holiday at the Bank.

Mr. WirritEar.Les Motion for 'Copies of certain
Extracts relative to the Liturgy, which was negatived
on Tuesday, on the ground, as we stated yesterday,
of its being offered unseasonably, was agreed to last
night without opposition. It was distinctly stated
by Lord CASTLEREAGH, that the Government did
not intend to institute any new proceedings against
the QUEEN, and had, in fact, so resolved, from the
moment that Ministers withdrew the Bill of Pains
and Penalties; but that this determination could have
nothing to do with previous arrangements—meaning,
according to the understanding of the House, that
her MA.ncsiv's name would still continue excluded
from the Liturgy : which, as Mr. BROUGHAM re-
marked, was to continue a previous punishment,
after the charges on which it was inflicted had been
abandoned !

The question respecting the restoration of the
QUEEN'S name to the Liturgy, will come regularly
before the House of Commons to-morrow evening,
on the motion of Lord ARCHIBALD HAMILTON, when
Lord CASTLICREAGH'S logic, that "punishment was
not to be presumed or supposed, because his MAJESTY
was not advised by his Ministers to alter that pro-
ceeding which HE (his MAJESTY) thought fitting to
have carried into effect'," will undergo some kind of
analysis. To us this appears to involve a new, an
unconstitutional, and a dangerous doctrine. It is
neither more nor less than a bold attempt to throw
the responsibility upon the KING—a doctrine which
all the powers and artifices of all the hole-and-corner
men in the Kingdom will never enable Ministers to
graft upon the British Constitution.

It is much to be desired that Ministers would be
somewhat more open and straight-forward in their
politics respecting foreign Powers. On the affairs
of Naples, Lord CASTLEREAGH refused to answer
the questions put to him; but he disclosed enough
to shew that he bore no good will to, or rather that
he had a strong leaning against, Naples. The Nea-
politan Revolution was, forsooth ! brought about by
a secret Society !—This is almost as amu>ing a piece
of assurance as his affirmation, on the preceding even-
ing, that the possession of the confidence of the
House of Commons, was a certain proof of the
possession of the confidence of the Country !
Secret Societies, and secret Meetings!—Did his
Lordship ever hear of any Despotic Government
allowing its measures to be publicly opposed ?
Those who can meet in public will not meet
in secret; and when men dare not meet in public,
they will meet by stealth. Who ever heard of Secret
Societies in England' Tyranny would never fall, if
it knew beforehand, and could be prepared for, the
meditated attack. Gloomy, indeed, would be the'
prospect for mankind, if a Despotism were to be as
secure as a Constitutional Government. But then
the Revolution of Naples was calculated to endanger
the tranquillity of other States, and the Society which
brought about that Revolution, had even been ac-
cused of wishing to unite all Italy under one Govern-
ment! When of two bad Governments the one im-
proves, it is easy to see, that if the other does not also
improve, it will be in danger. As to the accusation
against the Carbonari, of uniting all Italy under one
Government, where is the Italian who does not ar-
dently desire this? In its divided state it must be
for ertzr a prey to foreigners; and the Italian who
can see his beautiful soil one day trod by French,
and the next by Austrian masters, without wishing
to free it from this disgraceful thraldom, must have
a cold and unfeeling heart indeed. But why should
we wish to perpetuate the slavery of the Italians,?
Why should we wish to keep their coulttly in its pre-

'sent miserable state? Have we any ;detest in its
perpetual misgovernment ?

The Meeting of the • Merchants, Bankers, and
Traders, of the City of London, held at the Egyptian
Hall yesterday, was one of the most tumultuoMs and
disorderly we ever witnessed. Talk, indeed, of the
violence and nonsense exhibited at a Meeting of Ra-
dicals !—the most outrageous and unruly conduct
ever exhibited at any of these Meetings, was compla-
cency itself, good humour, and most gentlemanly
behaviour, when compared with the outrageous con-
duct exhibited yesterday at the Mansion House. We
have given in our columns such a Report of the pro-
ceedings as the noise and gentlemanly conduct of the
Meeting would permit. The hole-and-corner men
had made previous arrangements for a strong
.muster, to interrupt, if not to defeat, the oLjects
'of the Meeting. Circular letters had been sent to
their friends, inviting them to take early possession
of the Hall ; but this having transpired, measures
were adopted to prevent it, by ordering the doors
not to be opened till near the hour advertised.—
Being, however, the Qrst assembled, they succeeded
to a certain extent in the general rush when the
doors were thrown open; but, notwithstanding, they
were ultimately defeated, and the Resolutions were
carried in spite of them—col,demning the hole-and-
co,rner Addresses, which calumniated the People as'
beings seditious and blasphemous race—deprecating
the late proceedings against the QUEEN "as dero-
gatory from the dignity of the Crown, and injurious
to the best interests of the country ;" and resolving
that a Pc.ition, founded on the Resolutions, be pre-
sented to the Commons, praying that Mouse to adopt
such means as may be best calculated to allay the
agitation of the public mind, and restore internal
peace and tranquillity.

Halifax Papers arrived this forenoon to the lith
December. The following are extracts:
HALIFAX PROVINCIAL LEGISLATURE.—Yesterday
being the day appointed by Proclamation for the
meeting of the Legislature, at two o'clock his Excel-
lency Sir JANIES KENtrr went in state to the Council
Chamber. The Assembly was then commanded to
proceed to the choice of a Speaker; and S. B. RoaiE,•
Esq. being elected, his Excellency was then pleased
to open the Session with a Speech.

COMMERCIAL.—The Governor of Dominica issued
a Proclamation on the 3d ult. permitting the importa-
tion into that Island, for six months, of lumbar, spars,
pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, fiaz, bread, wheat, and
grain, and authorising the vessels bringing these
articles to take in return rum and molasses, not ex-
ceeding the value of the article.

EXTRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER FROM HAVANNAH,
DATED DECEMBER 10.

" We now write you with a view of doing away
all impressions which may have been caused for the
safety of this city, by any exaggerated reports of an
incident of insubordination among our troops, which
took place a few days ago, and which at the moment
was certainly alarming, as public tranquillity was
threatened, and fear was entertained that some in-
disposed men would endeavour to profit of the occa-
sion to excite tumult. This dread has now entirely
vanished, the troops have returned to their duty, and
we now feel ourselves in a state of safety."

A Mail from Ilamburgh has brought Papers to the
12th instant.

Advices from St. Petersbnrgh mention, that it k in
contemplation to rake the import duty on rum from
nine silver roubles to twenty roubles ; and that on
coffee from two to three roubles. They also state,
that a steam-vessel navigates the Wolga from the
capital of Astrakan ; and that a 'camber of others,
adapted to the inland navigation of that vast Empire,
are in preparation. The import of foreign goods
during the winter has been great beyond precedent;
and scarcely any inconvenience has arisen from the
obstruction to navigation by the ice, as many hun-
dred sledges have been occupied, in all directions, in
conveying the cargoes from the frozen-in vessels to
their destinations.

On account of the depressed state of agriculture in
some of the Prussian provinces, the Government has
resorted to the expedient cf purchasing of the actual 11
cultivators all their superfluous grain, for the pur-
pose of depositing it in warehouses situated in some
centrical part of the respective provinces. This will
operate as a great rcli;f to the husbandman, and
may, in the event of a failure in the crops, prove a
benefit to the community at large. The Government
of Hanover has issued letters patent, determining the
mode of discharging the interest on the Public Debt,
contracted while the country w.ts in the occupation
of the enemy.

His MAJESTY held a Court yesterday for the pur-
pose of itceiving the Address of the I louse of Lords,
which was presented by the Earl of BELmone and
Lord PRUDHOE, in company with the Duke of CLA•
HENCE, the Archbishop of CANTERBURY, the Bishops
of LONDON, EXETER, CLOGHER, LANDAIB, K MLA-
LOE, the Dukes of BEAUFORT and WELLINGTON, the
Marquisses of SALISBURY and ConNwm.tas, and such
of the Cabinet Ministers as belong to the ,Upper
House. The Address was read by the LORD Con N-
CIiLLOR, and was most graciously received, The
KING afterwards gave audiences to the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR, Earl of LlvErreoot., and Viscount SIDSIOUTIL
The Baron de OEYNIIAUSEN, who brought over the
news a the Duke of BRUNSWICK'S death, had a pri-
vate audience of the KING.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

THE ADDRESS.
The House met at a quarter hef
(this day), and the SPEAKER took th(
after. There aa, a large attendance i
those who were in the Military or Naval
in full uniform, to attend the SPEA X Er
Palace with the Address.
ritIVATE BILLS.
The following Orders were made
vate 13ills :

The Horse was moved, that the Stan(Eng
House, of the 18th day of June, 1811, " That
Private Dills be presented within fourteen dai
Friday in the next, and every future Session
might be read : and the same he:ng read—
Resoived, That this House will not receive .
Private Bills, after Friday, the 9th day of February
Resolved, That no Private Bill be read the
Monday, the sth day of March next.
Resolved, That this house will not receive
such Private Bill, after Thursday, the 19th day

THE AhMY.

The following is the report of the.
duction of the Army ;—The whole of
Battalions; in the three Regiments 01
men under five feet eight inches high,
Battalions of the First; those under five
Coldstreams; and five feet nine in the

NAVAL INTELLIGENC

The Ann and Susanmh, Cams master, of Peter
the Needles —crew all saved.
TORRAT,JAAUARY 2:.7.—tiailed the Mi.lgrave
PLuza ice r, JANUARY 241—Several casks of Fr
A% 'ow have been picked up between this and Soil
belong to a French chaiso•maree, that was him
and had foundered. •
FA 1.1101,TU, JAR. 21.—Sailed the Hawk, Mt
DA KTILOUTII, JANUARY .—Sailed- the Lai.l
for New South Wales; and the 3laty transport,
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 24.—Wind N.—Arrived
noun, Davies, front the lbwils tor Jamaica'
NIURLLAND, from Demerara ; Ann,.ltar, from t
Britannia, Kutrr, from the Howns.—Passed
the Genera.' Kyd, Lowther Castle, and Atlas,
Remains the Moffatt, A i.ftlf AIL

DIAL, JAX. 94.-Itrind N.L—Saiied for the
rington, IlEscor, from Demerara.
Ilmtwictr, Jati. 24.—Arrived the Lord Nv
a Mail from nolland.

ARRIVED—At Liverpool, the William, Stewart,
ham ; Iphigenia, Evans, from Demerara; 11•Inat
Savannah; and Stranger, Riley, from Pliladeli
Aurora, Robinson, from Bucktush • and Vruw
from Memel. At Lynn, Ilayle, latt ; and
from*Quehec. At Cape roast, Jonathan, Brassey.
pool. At Pernambuco, Warren, Eeale, from liw
ranham, S. Joat Bella Alliaca, from Viana. At
Cairns, from Liverpool. At Charleston, Leda,
Falmouth. At Bourdeau x, Neptune, Massoit, fr
Cusro*.Hocss, JANUA/LY 24. —Ships Entered
London Packet, from Limerick ; Robert, from Ne
low, from Stangatc Creek ; Vigilant, from Messina
from Havre; Ceres, from Riga; Emma, from (--
from Smyrna; and Ceres, from Jamaica.—Cle
The Sirene, for Calais • Victory, for Limerick ;
Lima ; Rebecca, for Dublin; and Lady Popham,
Vissims iroccw wirm.—The Brilliant, from. Lo
gal, on the 26th of October, St. Vincent's bearing
leagues; and the Albatross, Sinclair,.from the '
Cape of Good Hope, in lat. 4. 55. S. long. 28.
from the Lizard.

Monday se'n night, the Corporation of
mou'ly voted an Address of Congratui
Royal highness the Duke of CLARRNCT
of the Infant Princess ELIZABETH ; ai

unanimously voted, that Lieut. WILk
one of the Common Councilmen of that

present the same; he accordingly Waited upon he
Royal Highness, who appeared to be much gratified
with the attention shewn him,• which be acknow.
ledged in a letter of the most handsome kind, al.
dressed to the Corporation.
YeAerday the Duke of YORK left town on a visit
to the Earl of VERVI:ANI, in Hertfordshire.

Prince LisoroLn called upon the QUEEN at Bran-
denburgh-House on Tuesday, alone, and remained
with her MAJESTY for two hours.

Yesterday a Meeting was held of the Inhabitants
of the United Parishes of St. Andrew, Holborn abort
Bars, and St. George the Martyr, at which, after
considerable discussion and much opposition, an Ad.
dress of Congratulation to the QUEEN was agreed tv;
'also an Address to the KING to dismiss his 31inissus;
and a Petition to the House of Commons for the ra
storation of her MAJESTY'S name to the Liturgy,asi
of all her rights and privileges, and for a Reform is
Parliament.

The Manchester Mercury says—to We understand
that the Earl of LavEnPoor. has stated, in answer to
the enquiry of the Manchester Chamber of Cora-
merce and Manufactures, as to the probable securil
of British property in Naples, that he sees no reasoa
why the state of peace which at present subsists
between this country and the kingdom of Naples
should be interrupted ; and that instructions will, et
con: se, be given to the British Agents and Authori-
ties in that quarter, to afford every practicable pro-
tection to British property, if the circumstances shoal&
appear to require it."
The fog was of such density yesterday and this
morning, that the Bank and Public Offices in genera
in the City were obliged to have recourse to lamps!
tic. before teu o'clock.
At an early hour, yesterday morning, upwards of
thirty men and women were taken, in coffee-shops in
Shire-lane and other places, in pursuance of a war:
rant from the Magistrates at Bow-street. Some 11
them were held to bail, and others discharged upne
their own recognizances.
Lieutenant OWEN started on Tuesday from Pico,
dilly, to do .50 miles a day in twelve hours, fee
twelve successive days, fora wager of 200 fluineac.'
Betting is two to one against him. fle completed
his first day's task at six in the evenings, and slept
sR
a friend's house at Reading.
DUEL—Yesterday a meeting took place on Boon'
slew Heath, between Major Dr—ll and Mr. M—try
a :;entleman of fortune, in consequence of a dispr
the preceding evening. On the tirst fire the Mare
received a wound in the shoulder which terminated
the business. and the patties returned to town.
• _ _

•••••••

'OOP
el,.

1 ° i; Q d rtitgilhed by T.lsrt !kin, Nkett.
Platt, Ter:FIT-Pat

dal
in
ad
ad
Si

Sr
,K 1
,01

•
he C!iair
x 1 Set
:ry to the Xja' ••••
4
respecting pi.
1
• 'OR
Order of tti. Ski
at ail Pethionsk,. Ala
ays after the ft, aye
nof Partiimse: dm
and
e any Pawn iv Jig
beau), um I°2
be first time """'
Der
in any Itiaa d' Par
lay or Apt Nu;
port
gate
to intended 4, did
ad
of the %Teter% em
of Guard; ta inn
11, in the three at I
of .'et ten in she'
e3d Reginki ton
CE. anci
Penrhyn, is Wig
E
c Ca-4k Indian's.
French brandy al
supposed s
lawn off Me nu
• At
Iris, for Lor4
dy Hilllrr, Wm"
art, for Atka.
ell the Lord Pala eon
a; Tobago, Welo.
3 the Bradis; aai , Bitv
Al down autia4, soot
s, Kw Ladino& root
he River, the au ronipro!
inii
nelson packet with asp
a
cart, from Mans fisse
mato, Porto, fry act
delphia. At 114
row Janina, he, hoc
Doldon, Darns,
•assey, from lino at i
Liverpool. At Is and
t Savannah, Dan, Tel
eda, Meade; fro
t, from Virginia,
red Inwards: Tie
New Ross; Sell
Jlessioa ; Cash,
am Cork ; Odom,
leared Oatwardo
Pervevermeair
tam, for Jamaica.
n Losdoa to hes
wring li. by N.
the Clyde to de
IL 66. Oat 6.5 lap s •
hai
of Dover unati•
itulation to lii 11,
CE on the bink
and it was als
',LIAM SHARI%
at town, sboule
