THE TURKS AND THE GREEKS.

The last Turkish Mail brings intelligence from
Smyrus to the sth ult. An inroad had been made
by the Mikis)) troops from Smyrna on the inhabit-
ants of the surrounding district, and more than 600
individuals had been put to the sword. A hostile
movement by the Paella of Bosnia into the vicinity
of Vollo, was marked by all the atrocities which
usually distinguish the incursions of barbarians.—
Twenty-four villages have been laid in ashes by the
fury of his soldiers: Two of the principal villages
tendered their unconditional submission to the Pacha,
but it produced no other effect than an order to put
all the male population to the sword, and sell all the
women to slavery: These atrocities, however, pro-
duced the natural result of inflaming the Greeks in
the highest degree against their cruel enemies, and
animating them to the severest retaliation.
The following details are from the Spectateur
Oriental of Smyrna, of the 4th tilt.
NEGItOPONT, JUNE 24.
The troops which the Captain Pacha landed in this
island, united with those of Caristo and of this town,
farm a corps of 8,000 men. It having been delayed
to revicttial Caristo, all the Greek villages, without
exception, revolted to attack it, and make themselves
masters of it, and had already promised themselves
success, when the arrival of the Graad Admiral gave
a new turn to affairs. Coumi has been invaded, and
set on fire ; and almost all the villages of Eubea
have successively met the same fate. At this moment
we see the smoke arising on all sides of us, in a large
extent of country. Many Greeks have perished, and
many have been inCasbted to flight for their safety,
and have taken refuge in the mountains. The women
and children have been spared, but their situation is
truly deplorable. They wander here and there on
the borders of the shores, with some few trifles saved
from the flames, and looking towards the sea with
countenances 101 l of melancholy, and a vague hope,
constantly disappointed ; for to rill up their evils, the
pirates, the growth of there times, vomited by the
s-r, make descents en the coast, and rob even misery
in its last retreat. Though compatriots, their hearts
are inexorable. They respect neither the feeble-
ness of age nor of sex; nor of misfortunes worthy
o. commiseration.
SMYRNA, JULY 4.
The war takes, in ever y direction, a character of
desperation and extermination. Time seemed to flow
on in silence on the coast of lonia, when suddenly
horrid reports and melancholy tales afflicted every
heart. Now we know the whole truth. The Ipsa.
riots, ts.ith 250 vessels full of warriors, of whom the
;neater number were Albanians, in their service,
made a descent at Sanderli. They attacked all the
places, pillaged them, and then set them on fire.
They have taken several prisoners, and the Ilatern of
Cara Osman Ougln, fur the ransom of which they
dprnand a very considerable sun,. Several pie:es of
cannon, which they landed and planted on' the htights,
favoured their descent and invasion. The Tut ks at-
tacked them, and there was a bloody action; but the
insurgents, superior in force, seem to have beaten the
Turks, pillaged all the neighbourhood, and burnt all,
the chefliks, and carried off in their vessels a consi•
dcrable quantity of corn and cattle, which they con-
veyed to Ipsara. The Greeks say they lost in this
enterprise only thirty killed and seventy wounded,
who were all carried to the same island. The corps
of troops sent by our Pacha has captured three Ipsa-
riots, who have been conducted here, and are guarded
as hostages.
A multitude of Yiouruks have precipitated them-
selves on Pergami, and committed the most odious
excesses, revenging themselves on the innocent
Greeks for the crimes•of the Greeks in rebellion.—
' to June 21st, a number of Greeks were murdered in
t rein own houses ; the carnage lasted several hours
b.:fore the Aga,full of indignation and terrified, could,
at tie hazard of his life, put a stop to these atrocities.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1523.
TIM FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols opened this morning at 82S, and went up to 831,
with a good Market. •

Our Express from Paris this morning has brought the French
Rentes of Monday at 93f. 40c. Spanish 56*.-- Another great
Broker had failed in Paris, to a large amount.
FOREIGN FUNDS.

The Foreign Market has been rather brisk this morning.—
Spanish Bonds opened at 34&, and went up to j, ; Russian 86,
Colombian 61, French Scrip 23, h, pre.
RUSSIAN LOAN NEGOCIATED BY MR. N. M.
ROTHSCHILD IN LONDON.

The Dividend on the above Loan, which becomes due on the
Ist of September next, will be paid by Mr. N. M. liontscumn,
on that and every succeeding day (Sundays excepted), between
the hours of Ten and Two ; and the Holders are desired to
leave their Dividend Warrants, with lists thereof In numerical
order, at Mr. ROTUSCUILIii Counting-house, No. 2, New-court,
one day previously, for examination. •
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 226%
3 per Cent. Reducei 83$ % 1,4
3 per Ct. Cons. 827/8 83 821/2-31/2 per Cts. 961/
4 per Cents. Old 100% 1/1
4 per Cent. New 10178 102 101%
Bank Lg. Anus. 21 5-16 1/4—lmp. S per Cts. 8214
India Bonds 61s. 525. pre.—South Sea Stock 9314
Old Annuities 83%—New Annuities 821/2 .
Exchequer Rills (1:1,000) 30s. 295. pre.
Do. Small 30s. 335. pr.—lndia for Account 26114
Conwls for Account 827/a 83 823/4.

We can assure our Readers,-that the article from
the Quotidienne of Sunday, copied into several of the
Morning Pai•ers, pretending to give an account of
Instructions from the British Cabinet to Sir WILLIAM
A'Covßr, i; an impudent fabrication.

BATTLES BETWEEN BALLASTEROS AND
