ST. DOMINGO.

We select the following luminous article on the
present state of this Island from the last Number of
the Ansbifflu of M. Nu. rm. It displays that extensive
knowledge of the subject and that energy of language
for which this •eteran champion in the cause of huma-
nity, has been so long and so eminently distinguished ;

• " Of all the problems," says this enlightened ad-
vocate for the abolition of slavery and tyranny,
" which the restoration of the Bourbons presented
for solution, that of the reconciliation of France with
her ancient colony of St. Domingo was certainly that
which presented most difficulties, from the nature of
the population of that island, the terrible catastrophes
which have visited it, its pestiferous climate, and its
distance ftom Europe 1 The Allied Sovereigns hav-
ing entered Parts as conquerors, notwithstanding the
assertions to the contrary of humiliated national pride,
'instead of giving themselves up to legitimate reprisals,
may there have dictated laws, enforced tranquillity,
and laid down limits to the divergent interests and
varied pretensions of the conquered people. The
King may have confirmed these primary restorative
bases by the maintenance and confirmation of all in
'the ranks, the honours and possessions which they
then held. The modifications which hitt since been
superinduced upon those fundamental bases have
consolidated, and not shaken the edifice of the Resto-
ration. Thus every thing presages that the opening
year, as it proceeds, will set its seal upon .the cordial

union of all Frenchmen, by those reciprocal sacrifices
which all parties seem disposed'to make.
44 But this cAnnot be the case with the Colony of

St. Domingo. There were no Cossacks and no
Lancers on the Boulevards of the Cape and of Port
au Prince to give an impulse to the cry of Vive Levis'
XVII!. and to the elevation of the white cockade;
and although the old Colonists at home already in
imagination saw Christophe retiring quietly with his;
family to La Tortue and Pttion to Gonaives, it will
not be quite so easy to unrobe those two Chiefs, as it
was to Send the Child of Destiny to ;he Island of Elba.

Tt #rowslid • with - *tory tai. daft: ft Ist**.
and twice the conquerors of the faanci, after baring
successively expelled from it the -Enersh and tht
French, the Haytians were consolidated in the pos.
session of the country : they have fortified all its vul.
nerable points, they have erected citaddirdeaned im.
pregualile, they have firmed constitud,ons for them-
selves, they exist as two separate bodies politic, 111111-
ously organized, but entirely independent of each
other for eleven years they have been accustomed
to see in their harbours a numerous influx of merchants
from all parts of the world, and Great Britain alone
annually exchanging twelve hundred thousand pounds
%co: th of her merchandize for twenty-five millions of

pounds of coffee, four hundred thousand bags of cot-
ton, from five to ay millions of pounds of sugar, and
much precious woods, thus employing from 60 to 80

British vessels ! . '
•, Numerous British men of wer ;have constantly
entered and departed from the Pons of Hayti. cost.
'eying their merchantmen, and their Ceroneoeders
have uniformly received the hossoetzsdee w the flag

obfrientify and protecting Pater. .A .

a •thi tuts given, and still gitabthe Haytians

•an sui 'genesis. •
The. King of France was.scarcely recalled to his
'throne, what the atteient .phlesters,who had survived
. • •.
6ttie fnettal:diaarders of which tiny were themselves
the MllllOll and the victims, crowded around the Pro.

isionat Governmeht, and had formed of their owa
accord, preprio mum, and under the nose of the Mi-
lliner' of the Marine, a Colonial Committee,. acting
(in the name of the chief planters, in order -once mote

to give vent to coMplaistts and menaces for the reco-
very of their cidevard properties, while the fens-Too;
French Noblesse, digested of their possessions, Avera
silent, and did themselves eternal honour by a self.
denial, which evinced that they were still realy, if
they had it in theirpower; to make new sacrifices for
the peace of their Sovereign and the tranquillity of
their country• !
is This Colonial Committee thoeght themselves so
certain of the immediate reduction of St. Domingo,
either by voluntary submission or by conquest; that
they had circumvented the Ministers who were then
ntiociating the peaces and had extorted from them,
by dint of invorturracy; that Article of the Treaty
by which Fiance obtained permission to revive for
five years, the avowedly alsontiaable and inhuman

traffic in slaves, promising that they would become
humane at the end of that period 1
46 In the state of giddiness and illtOZlCati4lll which
the restoratiou'of their monarchy produced, the Co-
lonists had forgotten the apolbgue of the Bear and
his Hunters: they dreamed of applyin the lash to
the of- skin of the blacks St.: Dominr Went they
at
'bad thrown them on the ground, a by this bathe-
fOUS precipitation, they have excited the indignation
of the whole English people.
44 It might nevertheless have been meld in the
first moments of happiness and enthusiasm, to have
sent into the Island men calculated to inspire confi-
dence in the Chiefs of Hayti; eed if there were then
• / Paris some men who from time almost immemorial
served and defended with zeal and devotion the cause
of the Kiug, and who had publicly in the same spirit
maintained amicable relations with the principal per-
sonages of Hayti ; simple good sense, the interest of
France and that cf the King evidently pointed out
such persons as those, who ought to be specially en-
trusted with the Royal instructions, and who should
be entitled to hoist the white flag, and carry, in the
spirit of loyalty and sincerity, the proposals of the
King to the Chiefs of the Country.
K The Ministry of the Marine and the Colonies
was at that time entrusted to an old man, whose
great reputation for integrity did not save him from
the reproach of having been always the most con-
fused and awkward man who ever existed, and who
was besides one of those Colonists who cherished the
most inveterate prejudices against the Blacks, and
who was the most violent opponent of all the conces•
sions which it was necessary to make to them.
" M. Malouetfound that some men, who had served
the King abroad had not served the State; that this
last honour was the exclusive decoration of the varlets
of office, who then swarmed in Pans, in consequence
of the overthrow of Bonaparte's Government ; and
the ci-devant Maritime Prefectof Antwerp dispatched,
in order to seduce of intimidate the Haytans, a depu-
tation, consisting of a man, now accused of having
been a Member of the Committees of public safety,
under Robespierre, and of a Spaniard, also accuses"
of infidelity to his lawful Sovereign.
44 These two men, to whom a Merchant Ras lidded
by way of Secretary, set sail from London for Ja-
maica, charged to speak in the name of the King,
but without any powers from the King t and merely
' lonsished.with secret instructions from X. Malone,
and some Members of the Colonial Committee.
ii, It would have beet: impossible to have qualified
any wretches better for compromising the name of the
King, and at the same time for obtaining the recep-
tion due to impostors, or perhaps even the punishment
of spies.
" The issue of this splendid mission has been such
as might have been expected, and precisely such es
the writer of this article (M. Peltier) told M. Ma
louet that it would be. The Haytians were iridignan
at seeing a man present himself in the ROM 01/1001161
XVIII. and yet not having any powers to dr/, awl
enraged to hear a whole population which bp treate
as revolted :loves, menaced with total annildtatiool a,
he had been advised at Paris in the Pamphlet: pat
fished before he set out. N, '
a As we have now given the wholvail the docu-
ments connected with this singular :pis lion, our
readers will decide for themselves on the impertinen.
conduct of the Agent of M. Istaloue4 and' of the
energy with which he has been answered..- We have
nothing to add, vieept that by the same posh* whicl,
brought us these doctisbeots we received advises ohs:
M. Lavaysse had proceeded on the filst of October
to Port an Prince, %shave he fell ill X few dayi after
his arrital, and *here he.had no hoties of Wog mot
fortunate than at the Capt."
