ADICALS IN FINS-
ET-PLACE.

....... • •• ..../NtaiS%,„ ..,-
( eontintaan froll the Star of yesterday.)
At a quarter past one, the Committee entered the
waggon, into which the flag-bearers had previously
gone; and the bustle of preparation having subsided,
• -., 44e. WALIERR.-1,10 the-Raced try which Meet-
. —ing had been called ; after which he moved that Dr.
• Warsosi do take the Chair... (This was followed by
• - • it liiiist feeble.erpression of applause.)
Dr.Waesow then addressed the Meeting, and ex-
pressed
• upon bim; and he begged to assure them; that when-
- ever the rights of the People—whenever the liberties
of min were at stake, they never should want a per-
.—
eon to preside over their deliberations. They had
already beard the placard read, which invited them
WA:4*p the peace, but be did not think such advice
necessary. Indeed, the People had given so many
evidences of their disposition to do so, that he felt
piesuaded, nothing but the greatest state of irritation,
nething but the most violent attacks, would ever in
fluence their to shew a disposition to the contrary—
( agar.) The present times were far more important
tkan any other of the most eventful character through '
which they.had passed; for it was only very recently'
that a fatal' instance of this kind had occurred at
Manchester, where the people also were assembled
as peiceably as those whom he now addressed—to
consult on their ~eiievances, and consider of the best
means for their alleviatien—to enlargetheir privileges
and protect their rights, without meaning the slightest
offence to the powers that be—were attacked by a
• banditti that trampled under foot, and in the sequel,
massacred and murdered. But he could not con-
template that such an event would happen in London;
for multitudes would be found in the Merropolis,
who, although at the sacrifice of a few lives, would,
if so treated, repair to their homes, there procure
weapons or missiles for defence, and on their return
from thence, exterminate the men who had dared to
attack or break do en their liberties—( Bravo.) The
Doctor here observed, he would refresh his memory,
by looking at a few written observations which he
had put together in the morning, in order to proceed
the more regularly with the business of the day.
First, then, as to the intention of assembling them,
together, he would observe, that as they had often
been charged with merely assembling in detached
parties, some in this quarter, and some in that, he,
together with others, were of opinion, that more no
merous and general assemblies woald he much more
effective towards the realization of theirarislies—to-
wards the recovery of their lost rights. They had
appealed to the Parliament of the Country, to the
Prince Regent of the Country, hut all their Petitions
and Remonorances were unavailing, for they had not
as yet obtained those rights, to which, as Britons,
they justly thought themselves entitled. But their
condition was even worse than this, for they were
gratified with nu argument stating why they did not
long since possess them—(" Vety tree.') Hence it
is, my friends, eontinued the Doctor, that we, and
',eith us every friend to humanity, wish to make a
striking impression upon the Regent's mind by the
assemblies of millions on one day, to express their
desires, and obtain those liberties, which, as Britons,
they are entitled to. It was expected, and, for aught
he knew, it was the case, that the people of Glasgow,
Paisley, Carlisle, Newcastle, Hull, Leeds, a great
part of Yorkshire and Lancashire, of Sheffield, Not-
tingham, Liverpool, Derby, and Norwich, together,
with those of London, would all have congregated'
together to express their desires for liberty, and make
such an appeal to the Prince Regent, as would induce'
him to listen to their Petitions. It was expected that
no less than a million and a half of people woald '
have assembled this day, to invite the Prince to pay'
attention to their appeals. It was thought by .some
persons, that such a course of proceeding would be!
unconstitutional, but he defied any man to point out
to him (I)r. Watson) any Law which aerie to prevent ,
the people of different places from meeting on the,
same day, and for the same avowed purpose. " I stand
here (emphatically continued the Doctor) responsible,
fur what! now say. And if the Attorney-General I
fecle disposed to notice it, Gentlemen, 1 am ready to,
meet him on any occasion. But if the Attorney-
General himself were to commit an illegal act to-day,
or any other parties, lain erne my friends and fellow-
cauntrymen will not fail to support me—(No, we'll
&VW.' to support you.) Gentlemen, I truly assure
you, that if I had an opinion I was acting wrong in
what I have just said or done, I should be the last
person to have done so. But, Gentlemen, I stand
upon the basis of the Law ; I consider myself acting
under the privile;es of a Briton, under the protection
of the Constitution, and I can have no possible fear
110T13 any thing that may result from my conduct on
this day. I look back, Gentlemen, with pleasure, to
that period of our history, when our ancestors en-
joyed the privilege of the Wittengamote, when they
could meet without danger, and proceed without
molestation ; and surely if our ancestors, even then,
could so meet under the sanction of the laws, what
objection can there be to Our meeting, for the purpose
of appealing to the Prince, and in co-operation with
him, endeavour to enfranchise every man of you?
Gentlemen, I am really sorry for the uncomfortable
situation in which I see you placed. And whether
. it arose from accident, or the narrow-mindedness of
certain individuals, I cannot say; but this I know,
that the sludge in which we are now standing, was
rot here the otheteday, when I came for the purpose
of finding a place where we Might conveniently hold
this Meeting. We will, therefore, draw this Meeting
v a close as speedilyas possible. Gentlemen, I truly
feel for you—(" Neve, mind, toe hate stout hearts in
g:e cause."-4g Don't *id, go on r).. But whatasto.
wishes me most is, . objecting to simultaneous
te
I,:eetings, whose prink 1 object a to produce an int-
po:ing effect upon the 'Find of the Prince Regents
end shew hint what are the wishes I his peaceable,
and his loyal although lorffil -suing People. (flear.).
Gentlemen, I am astonished to find the name of Mr.
Wooler opposed to simultaneous Meetings, and am
s'l because he has generally advocated the cause pf
liberty and humanity, and that upon !he very best,
and most L! cc:lent principles." The Doctor now read
a paragraph frere Tiff! Black Dwarf of Wednesday,
last, oe whicll he commented, and addeciNe convic-
tion, that persons wefe 'employed throughout the
Colima- v,.fisit the purpose of destroying that effect lip
tended to be produced on the day they were then as-

sembled. But (continued the Doctor) I should
state to you, %Gentlemen; that while Mr. WoOler op-
posed he
%‘.a
s., called.tirely
agreed dais day's
principleslteeting .soptelc
wifibcialchlYit
He (Mt. Woolei) says, the time of meeting is impro-
per. But I consider no time improper to meet for the
purpose of consulting on our grievances, and consider-
ing of such measures as are likely to effect a beneficial
change for the interest of the People. But, above all,
Gentlemen, when I consider the pathetic Address of
the -Female Reformers at Blackburn, entreating that
the bleak and dreary winter mi;ht not be allowed to
pass over, without consulting on some measures for
the relief of the multiplied miseries which the People
endured, I cannot think that any friend to humanity
would have delayed a single moment without meet-
ing for such an object. With several of Mr. Wooler's
observations I accord completely ; hut when he states
the impropriety of our meeting on this day, I cannot
possibly agree with him. Gentlemen, it is always bet-
ter to negociate for the rights of mankind. than to
fight for them—(Bravo, bravo). A nd, Gentlemen, to
negociate is our,intention ; we wish to consult with
the Prince Regent. and we wish to do so in peace, and
without the loss of a single life." The People, he
,contended 4 should negociate with the Prince Regent,
and that would be the surest way to obtain their
rights. Dr. Watson next proceeded to notice the late
conduct of the Whigs, who had acted nobly, and who-
would never insult the People, and read several pas-
sages from The Morning. Chronicle, the organ of the
Whigs, to shew what the sentiments of those parties
were. There was one passage in the Paper in ques-
tion, from which, however, they could collect what
would be the conduct of the Whigs if ever they got
into power, in a letter addressed to the Editor, and
signed " A Constitutional Whig," in which the writer
said he was a friend to Parliamentary Reform ; but
they should see what sort of a Reform his was ; it was
not to be a Radical, but a moderate Reform, and the
plan was, that all Householders, paying taxes to a
certain amount; should have a right to vote for Mem-
bers of Parliament. This was the Reform that went
to deprive the mass of the People of their birth-right.
Would they submit to such a Reform as this ?(No,
no.) He should be able to prove, that not only every
poor man in the Country, whether he had a house or
not, paid heavy taxes, but that taxes were paid by
every babe and infant in the Kingdom. Could the
People, who were not householders, be satisfied that
the householders, having exclusively vested in them
the right of voting, would do them justice ?—(No, no).
He was sure they would net ; and that they would
resist such a principle of corruption as was laid down
by. the writer in question. It remained, then, for
them to make every possible effort for the recovery
of their rights. For his own part, if his principles
were not more correct than those of the writer he had
quoted, he should not have appeared among them
this day. [Here the Doctor was for some time inter-
rupted by the noise of some of the multitude, who
were shoving each other into a great pool of muddy
water that was in front of the waggon] He said,
he felt for the situation in which the People were
placed, and hoped they would endeavour not to in-
convenience each other.—ln order to prove, that the
very poorest of the Peoples paid taxes, he should read
to them a calculation which he had made that m0rn-

ing. In doing this, he should simply confine himself
to the effects produced by the late infamous Corn
Bill. He supposed there were three milions of indus-
trious families in this Kingdom who got their living
by their labour; that each family consisted of five
persons, and that each family consumed one quar-
ters loaf per day. In consequence of the Corn Bill,
the price of the loaf was now as high as one shilling;
but, forty or fifty years ago, the price was only four-
pence. It followed, then, that every poor tamily
out of these three millions paid a tax of eight-pence
per day, amounting altogether to £lOO,OOO every
day ; and that the total amount of the tax paid by
the poor on bread alone was £36,500,000 a-yeas !
Had not the poor, then, on the ground of paying
taxes, a right to vote, as well as any other People in
the Country ?—( Yes, they have.) It was said, that
poor labourers possessed no property, and, therefore,
that they had no right to the elective franchise; but
was not the circumstance one family being obliged
to pay a tax upon bread to the amount of £l2 2s. Bd.
per annum, a proof that they had property which
was entitled to protection as much as the property
of the rich ? They were charged with being Revo-
lutionists ; he would repel that charge, as a foul libel
upon their characters. If the charge was true, they
could have a Revolution whenever they pleased-
-If at the great Meetings where Mr. Hunt lately
presided, both in London and Manchester, the people
had come armed, and resolved on bringing about a
Revolution, no power-could have withstood them.
The people never attempted any thing of the kind,
although the terms for Reform, which they had
offered were indignantly rejected ; and the perseve-
rance and firmness which they displayed on such oc-
casions, would be recorded in the proudest pages of
their history. An experiment was made upon the
patience of the people at Manchester; and the only
effect of it was to bring down shame and confusionl
on their enemies, as was evident from the spirit of
indignation and resistance, which it already excited
all over the kingdom, against the daring villains
who had attacked the people on the memorable 16th
of August—conduct which the GOD Of HEAVEN
would visit with due vengeance ; and if the Borough
Tyrants would drive the people to despair,- no one
knew how soon the avenging sword of justice would
reach them. Mr. Watson next alluded to the at-
tempts that were threatened to he made against the
Liberty of the Press ; but he maintained, that the re-
sult of Carlile's trial proved that the laws already in
''existence were strong enough to punish any offence
committed by the Press. One of the things intended
to be offered for their consideration that day, was an
Appeal to the Prince Regent; it was one, the most
important in its nature, that had ever been made ;
but it was impossible to say whose hands it might
fall into, or whether the Prince cpuld ever see it,
such was the thavacter of the Ministers by whom he
WAS surrounded. After various other statements, he
expiessed his belief, that the patience of the people
could ,not hold out any longer. After they should
obtain the liberty they sought for, and after he had
done his utmost in enabling them to effect their ob-
ject, the height, of his ambition would be to recite
into the bosom of his family, contented with the
-Teat work that had been effected-.-(Great applause).
• Doctor then said, that they would have a very

lonveries of Resolutions submitted to their conside-
ration, to which, he had no doubt, they would give
a very cordial assent.!
A Mr. WALKER then read twenty-seven Resolu-
tions, which, however, were of so inflammatory a
nature, that we decline giving them insertion, and
we shall therefore merely detail the substance of them.
They commenced by stating, that it is an inherent
principle of justice that power belongs to•the people."
They then went to condemn the present oppressive
system of Government, to point out the necessity of
Reform, and the adoption of Universal Saffrate and
Annual Parliaments; in obtaining which, mechanics,
artisans, and labourers were particularly called upon,
to assert that an armed people, who have courage
to use their arms, cannot be a nation of slaves ; and
that an attempt to disarm the people was a violation
of the laws of nature ; to assert that, since the mas•
nacre at Manclie,ter, it had become the imperative
duty of the British People not to lose an hour in pro-
viding themselves with weapons of defence, as an in-
dubitable evidence had been given of the intention of
a wicked faction to-reduce the people to slavery, by
force of arms. That the people were the proper
judges when their rights are invaded, and ought to
resist tyrannical oppression. That it was cowardly
of the people to suffer tyrants to oppress them ; but
that it would be folly to resist, until a large multi-
tude of people were willing to submit to subordina-
tion, and to supp'y themselves with the means to de-
fend themselves. That the conduct of Government—
the servile echo of Grand Jurymen—the illegal con-
duct of Magistrates—the thanks of the Prince Re-
gent to the Manchester Yeomanry, all tended to
' prove that the social compact was broken ; that the
rich were leagued against the poor, and that a legal
tyranny was preparing to de?rive them of every ves-
tige of freedom ; and that, therefore, it was the duty
,ot every honest friend to his country, at the hazard
'of his life, to resist every attempt to suspend any
laws which guaranteed their liberty. After some
further observations on the state of public abuses,
and the necessity of enforcing redress, the Resolu-
tions proposed a last Appeal to the Prince Regent,
with a view to have his answer, if he should have
the wisdom and judgment to give one, made pub-
licly known through the medium of the Press, and
" That the Prince Regent, in the said Appeal, be
admonished to listen to the advice of the suffering
people, forthwith to issue his Writs to the Sheriffs of
Counties, &c. to call upon the people to assemble,
and to elect out of every 7,000 adult male persons,
one adult male person ot respectable character to re-
present them in the Commons House of Parliament ;
and that every male person of reputable character be
eligible to be elected, except those holding offices
under Government ; and that the said election take
place by ballot." In conclusion, it was resolved—
" That London would meet again on the 15th of No-
vember, to hear the Prince's answer !!!"—Mr. WAL-
KER having finished reading the Reso-lutions,
Dr. WATSON again came forward, and said the
Resolutions just read were as important as any that
wore ever submitted to a people as enlightened as any
on the face of the globe. That they might not be al-
ways presenting Petitions and Addresses without men-
tioning any direct and specific mode of relief, it was
pointed out in a plain Resolution, which he would
' take the liberty of reading again—[Here the Doctor
read the 26th Resolutionj.—lf the Appeal should be
read by the Prince Regent, he would easily see bow
every man in the country might, without danger or
inconvenience, hate his just Tights extended to him.
,If assemblies of people, consisting of 7,000 each,
Were every one to send its Representative to Parlia-
ment, it would produce for the three Kingdoms 600
Members of Parliament altogether. It could not be
supposed, that if. the present Meeting consisted of
70,000, there could not be easily found among them
ten persons worthy of their choice, both able and
willing to support their rights in Parliament. Be.
sides, as the election would be annual, it would be
easy, if they did not perform their duties properly,
not to return them again. They would, in that case,
; be obliged once more to mingle with the common
mass, and return into society, loaded with the con-
; tempt of their fellow-citizens.
Mr. FORRESTER then came forward to second the
Resolutions. His citizens and fellow-countrymen had
heard the Resolutions that were just read in such con-
vincing and strong language. It was proper the lan-
guage should be of such a nature, for this was not a
time to trifle with their -rights. It was necessary to
tell the truth. Truth was a thing that should never
offend; it was the best, the only criterion of all ac-
tions. Every man should now examine how he stood
in political life. They lately witnessed a melancholy
instance of men, women, and children—assembled as
they were now—rode down, and trampled upon by
Yeomanry, not by regular British soldiers. The real
British soldier was a man who never disgraced his
sword by tyranny—never shed blood in domestic con-
cerns. He was happy in having this opportunity of
seconding the Resolutions, and congratulated them
on their peaceable nduct. They should never cease
to meet until they had obtained their rights. If they
were to live at all they should live as freemen—if not,
better to die than live slaves. Let it not be supposed,
that he appeared there as the preacher up of Revolu-
tion, Rebellion, or Conspiracy. The Radical. Re-
formers were charged with this; but if conspiracy,
existed at ail, who were the abettors of it but those,
who conspired to deprive the People of their rights?
If sedition existed, with whom lay the blame, but
with those who advised the Prince Regent to thank
the Yeomanry and Magistrates of Manchester for
cutting down the people? If there were a rebellion.
who were justly to be 'Charged with it,. but-they who
rode down and slaughtered men, women; and chil-
dren ? They supportedalie Resolutions on that day,
and he hoped in future, and for the whole of their
lives, they would continue to support them in princi-.
ple—that they would set to the country and the
world a better example than their opposers. Mier
some further observations, the Resolutions were put
and unanimously agreed to.
Mr. \\TALKER then occupied above an hour in.
the reading of a Petition to the Prince Regent, which,
however; seemed to be very little attended to, as the
Meeting were diverted by the different squabbles of
parties in the mud. Several boxing matches took
place in the course of the day, but none of the cOm-
batants shewed much knowledge of pugilistic science.
To them, however, the attention of the spectators was
more obviously directed than to the orators. •
The Mectiii:y was now, by the advice Of the Doc •

tor, about to disperse, and the horw.
waggon, had begun to draw it a-r 47, wi.4"
the parties surrounding it thought it toos001.4,1"41
it was then nearly dark.) They therefore
e:1
that the waggon should he drawn izo the
a quantity of soft mud, near which it had stoui
the day. Many perse
as, including the
speakers, remained on it, in order to Btt
easily through the crord ; but they sor
.n ,
I.they had made rather a had clic:ice, and tintri,
them began to descend, though ii,cF had
.most knee-deep in the mire e they totbs
ground. The Opportunity of a " vie,„-
the situation of the parties presented,
be lost, and accordingly the kind-!imited
whose edification the leaders had strained
lungs so long, new began to pay them kr #
trouble. A brisk fire of lumps of modond
filthy missiles, was commenced against the
pants of the waggon, most of whom were, inzi
time, almost covered with dirt. This cffins*
the objects of the attack had scrarnFed out cl
reach. The Meeting now dispersed witllcut
fsr
tumult.

GERMAN PAPERS.

MUNICH, OCTOBER '21:1.
The following Proclamation is published this
In our Journals:

" Munich, October
" MAXMILIAIS JOStrlt, by the grace of Goa, King ei
" It having been resolved, by all the Members of tic
Confederation, in the Thirty-fifth Sitting of the Diet, is
in common, measures relative to the Universities, to thr
riot of the Liberty of the Press, and to the infrii:y istt
intrigues discovered in several States of the Corfed,t.6
hereby ;:üblish the same, and order ail our authoriti,,,4
jet-9 to conform to them, having regard to the strertirv,
is guaranteed to us by existing compacts, and toe Act
Confederation, according to the constitution given by ia•
faithful People, and according to the Laws of saki King
(Signed) 6' MAXIMILIAN JOS
" By his Majesty's Commat.d,
(Signed) " EG IL V. KOrirkt"
[Here follow the Provisional Resolutions respecting AO
varsities, the Press, and the Central Corainittee liitatz4

LEITSIC, OCTOBER IP,.

The Fair is now quite at an end, and thou*
complaints were made, it is, however, stated to.
the description that we call good middlicg;
great wholesale business was transacted. Them
of Jews from Poland, Au-Aria, aid Russia, an
small. Silk goods and middling, woollen
particularly in demand. Tlx Eng!iih hare
made very large sale., 14ecau,;z they sell their go
cheapest, and not seldom throw them away. G:
and well-founded complaints are made by then
dealers, whose numbers increase every Fair; it'ai
there were nearly one hundred more retail deain
this Michaelmas Fair than at last Easter Fair. 1
quantity of goods increases in an astonishing=
every Fair, and sales become constantly less. 1
inhabiLmts of the Provinces ceded to Prus,is d
for the most part not visit the Fair, because 011
riff makes the goods too dear for them, diaclhA
bring them -cheaper to their own doors. 'sea
not heard of any considerable bankruptcy thli

FEY'EIt IN *SPAIN.

Intelligence-from Seville, Cadiz, arid Ot^C7
in their vicinity, has been received. The al:—
arising from the fever which hai already ma,!:
extensive ravagesthere; is repotted to be greater
ever. The cite of Seville' itself has hitherto
' free from this severe visitation.; it hay, hu,
broken out in one of the suburbs, where:about
hundred and twenty cases have °courted; but
were* of so malignant a nature, that above Bahl
'them proved fatal, and of the whole number x
any had so completely recovered, as to be nroi
out of danger. The precautions practi,ej zt
to prevent the spreading of the infection. sere
usually rigorous and severe: the persons atilic,di
soon as the symptoms could be ascertained, werel
removed to houses at a short distance in tl,e re

provided for that purpose, and all commu:L.
with them interdicted. To the severity of t
gulations, however, the peculiar malignancy wa
the disease had assumed at Seville was attribl
The physicians there were of the opinion, that u 1
diral assistance were rendered at the first. apr

of the svmptoms, it would scarce], ever ptvei
or even dangerous; and this opinion was stu"
promulgated and made public ; but such vras
terror inspired by the thought of being se
from all friends and relations, that the sufferers
rally withheld complaint until all assistance'. •
unavailing. Next to the suburbs of Seville, the
of St. Mary had comparatively suffered, the
there being twenty daily out of seven humi!ed
persons. In the Isle or Leon the disease hal
been extremely fatal, and both there an.' at
continued to rage with greater violence than be:.
—ln Cadiz itself, probably owing to the su;
medical skill to be found there, the proporto
deaths to the number of sick was much smaller.*
number of sick persons is, however, truly awful,"
said by the letters of the 12th ult. to exceed 11...*
According to a Report published by the Bari
Health, the deaths, from the I st to the 7th Octc.
were 588 ; and on the 12th, 105 persons fell Tic'
to the epidemic. It is a curious circumstance cs
fleeted with this calamity, that without any
variation in the nature of the disorder, the prep;
lof the deaths shetild have so materially vueiv•
appears from our preceding statement, that in I
the cases proving fhtal have been one in 100; g
Mary's, one in 33; but in the suburb of Seville,L
third person died. The mercantile hott•es in C
many of which are of recent establishment,
Itherefoic not protected by their members havini:
the disorder at a former period, appear to have
feredin a peculiar degree.e Two-thirds of their '
her are stated to have shut up cr abaruloari!.!
clerks and servants being all sick or dead. The
cipals had, in many instances, fed into the'
on the firs; breaking out of the infection.. ACc
before rneutionei the effect of this visitauoa,
persing the troops. collected for the Expedition'
crustratingcin fact, by the delay that must tale,
before they'can be again collected, all the objedi
which it was originally planned. This circum
has given rise to a spying among the Spaniards'
racteristic, perhaps (and only in that Case "1,1)%
tioned without prcfanatiod), of a peopli
and assuming taint free tone in speaking of the,
which is often combined with superst:tieus,l"

. .
clr4 " Pica il:su7it4A

.
' . ......
• r •
t /
• , tt • • % •
;1" ~...1 • NI, ~.
.‘ V. % at5`...:411 • • % •.•1 % .
• 1 r ; r.,,t_ _ - -
PIEETIPI(?:111P‘Ir RADICALS IN FL Ifi•-
• - B WRY MA It KET-PLA eE.

Dr, about to disperv, and the h'. r. 1, •
raggon, had begun to draw it a-rit7 yr
he parties surrounding it thought it too arc
t was then nearly dark.) They
Ntref
hat the waggon should be drawn 4;0 theec" •
quantity of soft mild, near which it had st
he day. Many prsons, including the
peckers, remained on it, in order to gat
•asily through the crovd; hut they soon f
esti
hey had made lather a had choke, ar'nd
hem began to descend, though ii,cv had .7:1
lost knee-deep in dirt min_! bcf,,,c the sg.4
round. The opportunity of a ,‘ 6i, to
he situation of the parties presented, v.7a/tuk. .14
)e lost, and accordingly the kind-!leattedl.k.
vhose edification the leaders had strair.L
ungs so long, new began to pay them f
cr
had
dispersed4rn.e h.dcu m t
:rouble. A brisk fire of lumps of mod,
ilthy missiles, was commenced against .the •
Meeting
nowtac
stnts of the waggon, most of whom we in re, ,
.he the at.ime, almost covered with dirt. This cnrataw'
he
eclh r
objects
.umult.
GERMAN PAPERS.
MUNICH, OCTOBER ea.
The following Proclamation is br h d
pu is e this
n our Journals:
" Munich, October
MAXIXILIALV JOSIPII, by the grace of Goa, King e 34-3.
" It having been resolved, by all the Members of tie
Confederation, in the Thirty-bfth Sitting of the Diet to •
n common, measures relative to the Universities, to th;
ions of the Liberty of the Press, and to the yit;
intrigues discovered in several States of the Corled,t4,l
hereby ;:üblish the same, and order ail our authoriti,,,,4'
peets to conform to them, having regard to the smereirvi
is guaranteed to us by existing compacts, and tie Act
Confederation, according to the Constitution given by id.
faithful People, and according to the Laws of ti.ir King-.
Signed) 6' MAXIMILIAN JOS
" By his Majesty's Commat.d,
(Signed) " EG IL V. Korirkt.-
[Here follow the Provisional Resolutions respecting AI.
varsities, the Press, and the Cents-al Cor.unitter
LEITSIC, OCTOBER m
The Fair is now quite at an end, and though
complaints were made, it is, however, stated to
the description that we call good middlitg;
great wholesale business was transacted. Thet „.
of Jews from Poland, Au-Aria, aid Russia, ass
small. Silk goods and middling, woollen emit •
particularly in demand. Tine have
made very large sales, because they sell their
cheapest, and not seldom throw them away.
and well-founded complaints are made by the -
dealers, whose numbers increase every Fair; hit
there were nearly one hundred more retail de
this Michaelmas Fair than at last Easter Fair.
quantity of goods increases in an astonishing
every Fair, and sales become constantly less
inhabitants of the Provinces ceded to Prus,:e
for the most part not visit the Fair, because the
riff makes the goods too dear for them, Whit
bring them -cheaper to their own doors. We
not heard of any considerable bankruptcy this F
FEVER IN SPAIN.
Intelligence-from Seville, Cadiz, end
in their vicinity, has been received. The :11:7
arising from the fever which !Jai already ina,2:
extensive ravages there; is reported to be greats'
ever. The cite of Seville' itself has. hitherto
free from this severe visitation.; it hay, inn •
broken out in one of the suburbs, where:about
hundred and twenty cases have occurred; but
were of 'so malignant a nature, that above firq
'them proved fatal, and of the whole number x •
any had so completely recovered, as to be nevi
out of danger. The precautions practi,e,l at •
to prevent the spreading of, the infection. wet
usually rigorous and severe: the persons afilictel,
soon as the symptoms could be ascertained, were
removed to houses at a short distance in the ce...
provided for that purpose, and all communic.
with them interdicted. To the severity of Ok,e..
gulations, however, the peculiar malignancy •
the disease had assumed at Seville was amib •
The physicians there Were of the opinion, that if
dical assistance were rendered at the first appr

SrFAR

N DON.

OVENIBER 2, 1819.
FUNDS.

Its DAY AT ONZ O'CLOCK :
14 213 k
66f,
s 673 b 7

ties 17 7-16
India Bonds 7 6 pre.
!d.) ls. Ss. dis.
discount

Saturday arrived this forenoon.

ligence is unimportant.

rid states, that the new Queen
the royal residence of Pardo
Cher FiaDINAND was to repair

been opened at Madrid for the
by the Epidemy which deso-
Andalusia. Some idea of its
from the circumstance, that
r, 11,000 persons lay sick in
population of which has been
than 70,000; the deaths from
ber, are stated by the Board of
on the 12th, 105 of the unfor-
a Seville, however, from some
the mortality has been greater,
rriber of infected persons, than
the former City amounting to
the whole, the malady does
he least abated. Its propaga.
irface of the Spanish territory
d by the dispersion of the troops,
strain its ravages; and to this
stay now be ascribed a conse-
rd•far less affecting nature, vii.
al frustration of the lonrinedi-
t the Patriots of South America.
shad BLUCHER having, accord-
itted to the King of PRUSSIA,
,h which her illustrious husband
jest)• has, by a letter in his own
Aron D'A LT ENST EI N, directed,
sink to the latest posterity the
an Hero, all the Orders which
)osited in the Museum of the

mtutato passed through Frank-
e 23d and 24th, on his return
wn dominions.

HOHENZOLLERN, While lately
-Ice of Tous and Texts, was
,oplexy, of which he expired in
trds.
nts, Friday, 70r. 85c.

bis morning Private Letters and
-k and Philadelphia to the 27th,
le 30th of September.
New York state, that the fever
ith such violence, that it had
If of the Inhabitants to quit the
n entire suspension of business.
on appears from the following
be completely restored:—

(.I?L'ICS, 1103 TON, Sur. 27.

of the Town of Boston have now the
the Towa of Boston is, at this time,
anions or malignant disease.
" JAMES ILOBINSON, See."
does not appear to be any abate.
Iluring the forty-eight hours pre•
nits, seventy-one new cases had

rom Officers on board the United
-ess, dated 12th July, state; that
red at Rio Janeiro, after a plea-
lat the Minister, Mr. GRAHAM,
anded. The writers speak rather
apparent disposition of the Peo-
o the Americans:

the Agents to Lloyd's, it Genoa.

Lie this morning in eleven days, limn
, brings a letter front the Hon. Captain
iy's sloop Sess-, reporting the arrival at
the piratical brig William, brought
,xsoN, of his Afajesty's sloop Spay, with
Master, and all the clew in irons, except
tp‘d, the William had been arrested at

brig 'Frederick, coanmanded by Lieu-
athciAA proof is said to be found out to
)ai to be tried at Malta on the 26:11
A that, after the William left Malta, it
ta and a Portuguese vessel, and that a
üb;u,,n3 were found on board of it."
from the British Vice-Consul at Genoa,

.r.ta del Carmine, arrived this day from
of ten day c, toe have the news of the cap•
f Liverpool, in the port of Smyrna, by the
Sexy, with all the crew, except the
re to be put on their td.il at Malta un the
Aleced to ham been committed on the
tar, bound fur this port?'

MBA3SADQII and Suite have arrived
1, Prince's-street, Edinburgh, from
pleased with the magnificent
experienced.

•- • ' • -7-,

LEEDS, OCTOBER 31.

I am sorry to say, that a large number of Pikes,
of a most dangerous and deadly construction, are

now in the possession of those who call themselves
Radical Reformers, in this town and neighbourhood.
I have seen three of those infernal weapons, and have
been assured that they are very generally distributed
throughout the Manufacturing Districts. Still, it is
my firm conviction (and I am not singular in my
opinion), that these mischievous implements have
been manufactured and distributed by the infernal
Agents of the Spy System. I say this without fear of
contradiction ; as, if required, I can make oath that
we have no less than four of these diabolical miscreants
now among us! endeavouring by every artifice to
entrap the unwary and unsuspecting. The courtesy
and respect thee demons experience from a certain
party, sufficiently indicate by whom they are em-
ployed.

The Publicans and Shopkeepers who signed the
so called " Loyal Declaration," have already began
to experience the ill effects of their conduct, by a
falling off in their business to a most ruinous esent
—the Radicals being determined inflexibly to adhere
to the resolution they came to some time ago, not to
deal with any tradesman who is known to be an
enemy of Reft,rm.
Six pieces of artillery, with a proportionate number
of men, and four companies of Infantry, are expected
here on Tuesday.

There is still considerable briskness in the manufac-
ture of coarse Army woollens (supposed for Russia),
as well as in Pelisse Cloths and Shawls ; but•all other
branches are extremely languid, and expected to be-
come much worse as the winter advances.

. -

Friday last, a Common Assembly was holden in
the Guildhall, Dover, when the Corporation unani-
mously voted the Freedom of this ancient and loyal
Town to his Royal Highness the Duke of CLARENCE;
the Right Hon. the Earl of LIVERPOOL, Lord-War-
den of the Cinque Ports; Lieutenant-Cok,neI,GEORGE
JENKINSON, Deputy-Governor of Dover Castle; and
to the Earl of GUILDFORD.
Prince LEOPOLD, accompanied by Baron riARDEN-
BROOKE, arrived in town from Windsor, at half-past
seven o'clock yesterday evening.
The Marquis of ' BUCKINOHAM arrived in town on
Saturday, from his seat, Avington, Hants. Yesterday
his Lordship left town on a visit to Mr. COKE, at his
seat in Norfolk.

• Lord and Lady LANGFORD, and Miss RowLEy,
arrived on Saturday at their house in Berkeley-
square, from France. This day they leave town for
his Lordship's seat Cooper's Hill, Surrey.
Lord MELBOURNE has left town for the Earl Cow-
Pgft's seat, Pansanger, Herts.
The Ambassador from the Netherlands returned
to town on Sunday, from a visit to the Right Hon.
C/MAL/LS LoNo, at his seat Bromley Hill, Kent.

Lord LANCELLES has been appointed to succeed
Earl FlrzwlLt.lAM, as Lord Lieutenant and Custos
Rotulorum of the West Riding of the County of York.
Lieutenant-General the Honourable Sir WILLIAM
LtrmLEY, K.C.B. embarked at Portsmouth, on Thurs-
day, and sailed in the Europa, TALISOT, to assume
the government of the Island of Bermuda.
Captain Sir Mtcptwat SEYNOVR, Bart. and K.C.R.
recently appointed to command the Prince Regent
yacht, building at Portsmouth, has purchased the
Estate of T. W. WILLIAMS, Esq. at Horndean.

The Honourable WILLIAM LAUB is now at
Wrotham Park, the seat of Mr. BYNO, paying his
respects to the Freeholders of Hertfordshire resident
in that neighbourhood. He has met with eminent
success in his canvass of that independent County.
DRURY .LANE THEATRE.—Last night the Comedy
:of Speed the Plough was performed. It would have
been impossible for any one to have given a more
chaste and spirited representation than Mr. ELLISTON
did of Bob Handy. Mrs. Roatusori, who made her
first appearance this season, was an interesting Susan
Ashjeld : the characters throughout were ably filled.
COVENT-GARDEN.--Mr. MACREA DT appeared
again last night as Richard, and with increased effect
ADELPHI THEATRE.—The new Burletta of Mr.
PLANO-IER, entitled, Fancy's Sketch ; or, Look before
you Leap, was acted last night at this Theatre with
encreased success. The Performers have acquired a
degree of unity, and make a display of talent sel-
dom, or perhaps never before met with at a minor
Theatre. Fancy's Sketch was followedby Mr. BRAZE-
Lnit's highly amusing Farce of Where Shall I Dine?
Mr. CowsLi, in the part of Sponge, obtained great
applause. The House was crowded in all parts.

BETTING AT TATTERSALL'S YESTERDAY.
The match between Tin:Alas and Financier.-2 to lon Tiretias.

DERBY.

I
I's to 1 agst Mr. Pierse's colt 151 to 1 apt Sailor.
by Walton (taken). 18 to 1 agst Brother to Whisker
lit to 1 agst Brothertoßlacher 25 to 1 apt Pindaree.
NEWMARKET THIRD OCTOBER OR HOUGHTON
MEETING, 1819.
110NDAV, NOVIIMR 1.

Handicap Sweepstakes of 10r. each, for 3-yr-olds and upwards.
Mr. Forth's Dictator, 4-yrs-old, Sst. - - -
Lord Jersey Leopoldine, 5-yrs-old, Bst. Sib.
Duke of Rutland's Inferior, 4-yrs-old, Set. Sib.
Lord G. H. Cavendish's Zero, 4-yrs-old, Bst. 81b.
Mr. Hunter's Canvas, 5-yrs-old, Bst 41b.
Mr. Jones's December filly, 5-yrs-old, 7st. 61b.
Mr. Lake's Siota, 3-yrs-old, 7st.
Lord Folev's Haruspes, 3-yrs-old, 6st. 121 b.
General Crosveror's Beau Page, 3-yrs-old, Tst.
Mr. Crockford.s Emperor, 3-yrs-old, 63t.
Mr. Batson'- ntonian, 5-yrs-old, Est. 8:b.
iour paid—The Judge placed tv.:t. two.
sto 1 agst Dictator-6 to 1 agst Inferior-3 to 1 art Zero-
-5 to I apt llaruspea.
Sweepstakes of 5145. each, 15gs. ft. for 2-vr-old colts, Bst. 61b
