Bank Stock 949 2421,E-3 per Ct. Red. 80 795

S per Cent. Cons. ex di-v.791h 34
3t4 per Cents. 91 90%-4 per Cent 5.973,4 34
4 per Cent. New Annuities 9141/4
Bank Long Ans. 20 7-16--India Stock 244%
India Bonds 61s.—New Annuities 791/4
Exchequer Hills (1:1 ,000) ss. 4s. 6s. pr.
Do. Small 4s. 7s. pr.—lndia for Account 251
Consols for Account 81 80% 7g.

The proceedings in Parliament last night were in-
teresting. In the House of Lords, that useless mea-
sure, the Cos Importation Bill, was read a second
time, as was the Highgate Chapel Bill in the House
of Commons, by a majority of seven only. We are
astonished that Mr. BING should persevere in carry-
ing this Bill against the opposition it meets with both
in Parliament and out of it. It is not denied that Sir
ROGER CIIOLMELEY bequeathed certain funds for a
Grammar School at Highgate, which funds the Bill
before the House applies to a very different purpose,
namely, the building a Chapel, and paying a Clergy-
'llan. Mr. Breo, the introducer of the Bill, had no
ether reason to urge for it, than that he was bound
to attend to the wishes of four thousand of his Con-
stituents,, who resided in the neighbourhood of High-
gate, and who were anxious for the measure.

Mr. BROUGHAM strongly opposed the Bill, on the
ground that it was contrary to the declared will of,
Sir Boca* CHOLMELSIN and said, 44 to defeat the
will of the fuunder, and misapply these funds, would
be to be guilty of so gross an interference with pro-
perty as Was even unprecedented in the history of
-Private Bill jobbing." The Learned Gentleman spoke
in strong terms against such Acts as tended to inter-
fere with private property, and declared that " if
the whole history of the manufacture of Private Bills,
in that House were unfolded to the public view, he"
.did most conscientiously believe that such a scene of
,practical injustice would be exhibited, as would
frighten even that House, and disgust the moral
sense of these who were disposed to place a confi-
dence in their decisions."

When the Emperor of Russia., by an Imperial
-Ukase, claimed sovereignty over the North-west
Coast and Continent of America, to the extent of about
5,000 miles, and went so far as to prohibit the vessels
of all other countries from coming within one hun-
dred Italian miles of any part of the coast beyond
the 51 degree of latitude, we pointed out the in-
justice and absurdity of the claim. We also :hewed
that it could not be maintained, either on the prin-
ciple of right by priority of discovery, or by that of
possession, since to a considerable extent both rested
with us. We also stated that the British Government
could never recognize such claim, but was bound to op-
pose it. In consequence of a question put last night by
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH to the Marquis of LONDON-
DSRRY, we learn that this has been the case. His
Lordship said that the King's Ministers had lost no
time in acquainting those of Russia that England
could neither accede to the claim.ef Sovereignty nor
to the principle of maritime law laid down in it.
There is something excessively absurd in Russia
urging a claim which she must have known would be
resented by the Governments of Great Britain and
the United Stales, and which she had not the slightest
power to enforce.

The French Papers of Wednesday have reached us.
The new Law on the Customs still continues to oc-
cupy the Chamber of Deputies; and the report of
.the proceedings, with false and exaggerated state-
ments of insurrections in Spain, almost constitute the
whole of the intelligence in these Papers. One thing,
however, appears pretty certain, which is, that when
the Insurgents are dispersed within the Spanish ter-
ritory, they seek refuge by crossing into the territory
*f France, where they rally, previde.themselves with
• arms, and again enter Spain, andraise the standard
of rebellion. Their escape back into Spain is said to
be clandestine; but it can hardly be otherwise than
by connivance that 2,000 armed Spaniards can pass
the frontier, remain as long as they please, and re.
turn only when they think it.
The Colutitutiossei. states) on the authority of a
letter from Sahlt.jtan-de-pied-de-Peet, of the 26th
ult. that the " Army of the Faith," consisting of Bp
Spanish :duper...potters, and other vagabonds, en.
tried Spain between Bourguette and Barecelor, and
National Guar& of

•
only SO moo. h rinclasiflAkWTll/11144-
being joined by someComilalbonao gsa
qpiamo villages—among these Rowena
ea want money. • But General Lorin Balms, min.
famed by thi armed militia of Never* singing.pa.,
triode hymns on their march, After having gaarded
all the passes as tfde rear into France, was prtiaring
to attack the rebels in front. Twenty Monks,
comprised is the We conspiracy, were flying into
France. There, was great alarm on the frontier,
lest the Spaniards should fight upon the line. Their
cannon were pointedint Saint Jean•cle-piedde-port.
If, however, we are to credit letters from Bayonne,
of the 29th ult. it is more that probable that the
insurgent army is by this time rendered harmless, as
it is stated that they were at that time surrounded and
cut off from all retreat into France, by General Lorry
BAN" who was on the point of attackingshern.
In the meantime` French troops are continuing to
march in great numbers towards the ppanish fron-
tier. A master of military strength is also taking
place in the vicinity. of the Alps, and the Quotidienne
states, that Lyons has at this moment a garrison of
5,200 Men.
The French Papers -contain little information ofl
interest respecting Russia and Turkey ; but letters
from Holland report that advices had been received,'
from Constantinople, dated so late as the Stli June,
by which the information had been made known that
the Asiatic ,troops which had arrived there from the
provinces, had been ordered again to occupy Walla-
chia and Moldavia. Should this prove correct, it.
may be considered that the sword, and not the pen,
is the necessary instrument for a negotiation with
the Sublime Porte.
Letters from Odessa, dated the 7th of June, are of
the same tenour. At that time the Turks had not eva-
cuated either Wallachia or Moldavia, nor was there
the slightest hope that they had any intention of doing
so. No part of the Russian army bad retired from the
Pruth ; and notwithstanding the supposed arrange-
ment of all differences between the legitimate. Go-
vernments of Turkey and Russia, the same hatred and
distrust continued. It is totally impossible that, in
their present spirit and feelings, these two Empires
can remain long without coming to hostilities.
Fazticit FUNDS, JULY 3.--Five per Cents. opened
at 91 f. 55 c.—closed at 91 f. 25 c.

This forenoon we received a German Mail, bringing
Frankfort Papers to the 30th ult. The Austrian Go-
vernment has, by a late regulation, removed the dif-
ficulties which existed in the commercial intercourse
between Lombardy and the Venetian territory ; and
t'ie Tariff of duties is now uniform throughout the
whole of the Austrian Empire. These papers contain
accounts of the destructive effects of the weather on
the Continent :—The hailstones which fell in the
neighbourhood of Trent are describe) as weighing
from eight to sixteen ounces each, and of the shape of
an Italian loaf.--Sorne boats on the Rhine were sunk,,
and seven or eight persons lost theft- lives.

We this morning received Philadelphia Papers to
the 11th of June, and New Orleans and New Bruns-
wick Papers of a recent date. One of them states,
that the. King of the NETHERLANDS has ordered that
the charge of Pilotage shall be the same on Ameri-
can as on Dutch ves 'els.

Accounts of the 8;1 of May, from Port-au-Princre
represent the markets there in a deplorable state.—
On the 13th of April considerable damage was done
to the shipping at St. Thomas, by a severe thunder
squall. The St. Thomas and St. Domingo packet
had ber topmasts splintered, and two of her men
much injured.

By a Hairbrush Mail, which brings Papers of a recent date,
we have a confirmation of the defeat of Cucruascrio Pacaa.
Intelligence from Belgrade states, that the troops of the Neva
of Saloaichl, which had advanced as far as Trikala, were driven
back ea the 27th of May by the united Greek corps under Oars-
sacs and DUMAN'S' ; after which Trikala was taken by storm
by Drammen, and all the Turks and Jews in the plate put
to the sword. Another such blow, and the expected expedition
of the Captain Paola to the Mom will prjabably not be very
successfuL This shews also bow important the diversion in
Mitylene is. It seems, however, that 50,000 Asiatics are still
stationed near Larissa, as an army of reserve.

Afflicting as are the details we have already given
of the sweeping massacre at Scio, they fall far short
in detailing either the extent or enormity of this last
instance of Turkish barbarity : we call the lineation
of our Readers to a letter from a Greek merchant at
Leghorn to his friend in London, which is one of the
most heart-rending pictures of massacre and desola-
tion that was ever recorded. Husbands and fathers
murdered in cool blood—wives and daughters vio-
lated and seat into slavery—children mutilated—and
all this amid the burning embers of their habitations
and the total destruction of their country. For seve.
ral days the whole island of Scio was but one coati-
hued scene of murder, plunder, and conflagration.
But the horrible details must be left to those who were
doomed to witness the dreadful scene. They will be
found in the following
COPY 07 A LIT7III 710 W LEGHORN, VIRITTIN BY A
01INTLIMAN IN A OKUIC /110071, r 0 A /RUM IN
LOICOOX.

" Ms rya Tapers—is my hut, :et the 11111 isau, I fa-
heated y et the arrival, beset 's' 4a7,!er sir eili4treees, •
M. M. Illialesemehe ast4 from tide. , Tim bad
obtained thek pomp so Mord a, Atistriee altip*efor, sad
bad performed their jourers io J 7 Azle from Nat sal I#9 dal*
best ilstrae. I know the ash* }w .ac Sid reltudolf
the itplorabltsitaidda of ills ihkettaiale Mewl; at that Ira

hit avid Picture Ot the mislay of Mot doer GOOOtTY t
41 It Mr the lidt APB thpt the Capita Pacha landed
larroaallitoosimd man g but the Turkish lest had scarcely hove
kba tit whit the Commander is the castle began bombarding
die titrits at Ain that time sun the day of one depintosil 11
Wasieratondelted NSW of murder, condagfadoos etl Pleniert
both in toiletry and town; nee were they even saddled with
the ravages the fire Made upon the houses, its progress was too
slew for their fury, and the hands of owe aided and aniseed the
raging elements. They took to the castle about $OO of the gar-
deners of the principal and most respectable finagles, whom, by
dint of threats of instant death,' and maims of liberty, they
forced to confess, as far as they Mew, where any property had
been kid. In almost every garden, at six or eight yards dis-
tance, were seen pits dog, for the purpose of griming the sup-
posed concealed cremate. All the women were sent into sla-
very ; the men, and male children above twelve years of age,
were massacred; the children of the tenderest age, and the most
beautiful from among the young women, they set as beard
the skips. with great pomp and solmsoltp, mast a MIMI of guns;
they performed an operados on the alia Andres le token of
conversion to the Maim . WA, and then sent et the chil-
dren of both sexes by land to Constantinople, by way of Linsyrae,
under an escort of a body of Turkish soldiery. Two regiments
of Turks had assembled and shut, up in a place in the country
about 700 persons, chiefly peasants, whom they meant to divide
among themselves as slaves ; but not being able to agree in the
partition, began disputing : an Imam, or Priest, more humane.
than the rest, expostulated with them upon their dissections,
and exhorted them to concord, when one of those savage brut*
exclaimed, ~that the only way to atold dissection was to Pat
them all to the sword'--and to the lasting shame of the human
rate, in less than half an hoor all those innocent tnen were put
to death. Others of these butchers bad in their possession four
families of distinction, the women and children they sent to the
city, and the men they bled to death as sheep, in a slaughter-
house, near which they were passing at the time. °need these
unfortunate beings, to whom they had not giveh a mortal stab,
was left to linger out kis existence, in sect uclating agony and
pain, fur two days. But what will you my of those innocent
and Tung children who have fallen victims to the meet horribler
death, caused by the brutal conduct of the monsters in whose.
possession they fell I By all we have been able to gather, it ap-
pears that from the very moment the Turkish fleet was destined
for Scio, the total destruction of the Island, and annihilation of
its inhabitants Were resolved upon, without any examination of
their culpability or innocence. On the nth of May, the Pacha
ordered thirty-five respectable men that he had on board to be
hung up to the masts, which served as a signal ur the Governor_
of tke Castle to do the same with the eighty-live hostages, order-"
ins at the same time the $OO gardeners who were still in custody
to be strangled. From the 10th of May, on which day we left
Scio, there has been no cessation to murders, conflagration, and
enslaving, with all their accompanying ferocity. Do not be sur-
prised if you hear that there have been nearly 50,000 Turks on
the island : the report of the numerous and rich spoils of those
who first went over, the sight of gold, silver, jewels, shipped off
by the captors to places of safety, enticed over a horde of these
barbarians thirsting for Christian blood and plunder. The num-
ber of slain amounted on the lath to 25,000—0 f captives to
30,000. Those who have saved themselves by flight are compa-
ratively few ; those who already have reached the Continent, and
those immediately expected, are the only ones saved ; all the
others you may reckon among the dead at the captive. Those
even who have escaped from the Turks, must soon fall a prey to
famine, a they are halting about the mountains, without food
' or raiment. gem we have escaped we hardly bnow, it seems
like a dream, but the Drtuut PIOYIDIDICE assisted vs , having so
many dangers to encounter, and being so well known to the
Turkish inhabitants of Selo, it was ouly changing clothes, and
being accompanied by the Austrian Causal, that saved us. .To-
*ether we traversed the city, or rather bell, for the whole of the
way was strewed with dead bodies of men and carcases of animals.

" The walls of our beautiful houses built with black Trojan
marble alone remained, and in them were seen figures of women
and children, pale, wan, and emaciated, waiting in morbid des-
pair till they should be transported as slaves on board the
Turkish vessels. Methinks their cries, sighs, and lamentations,
are still in our ears, as they implored the Consul, for the love
of Ileavur, to take compassion on them, not to deliver them
into the hands of their worst foes, not to leave them in the
power of those who would force them to embrace the Maho-
metan faith. Oh! how agonising were our feelings then! But,
alas! what could be done to sate them? It was thus through
scenes harrowing to the soul that we at last reached the snip
that was to convey us to Smyrna : yet, as if our cup of afeic-
tion and danger Was not yet full, we unexpectedly found
on board this vessel, thirty-four young women of the heads
of families, on their way to Constantinople, by way of Smyrna,
sent thither by the Packa, as presents to the Grand Seignior.—
Many of them we were personally known to; the least sign of
recognition on their part would have immediately discovered us
to their Turkish guard, and our lives would have been forfeited;
it was with the greatest difficulty we veiled our features from
observation, keeping all the day below decks, and only for a few
hours in the night breathing the fresh air on deck; at last we
reached Smyrna, were immediately transported on board the
Austrian ship, and finally arrived hers. But what tongue can
utter the perils and dangers of every kind we have been exposed
to? 'Tin Goo, and Goa alone that can give aid and consolatiou
to this humiliated, periecuted race of beings; those that are
gone to another life, are the most happy ;. it is the initaved'iur.
'rivers that claim our pity. These are, my dear friend, the
gloomy accounts that the above esteemed friends gave me. I
have heard, and now tell you with a bleeding heart and a tear-
fraught eye, that my poor father and uncle were among the
hostages. Oh ! One, what a blow ! A vessel has just arrived
from Constantinople, giving us the advice Oche execution there
of ten hostages;--will this never have an end !—I really can
write no mote, I feel so sick at heart. Adieu."
A letter in the French Papers from a young Greek
at 'Smyrna, dated May 19, gives some additional
particulars respecting this dire event. The • writer
calculates that 40,000 individuals have either been
murdered or sold to slavery. He says--
Thronglrout the opulent Selo only fifteen houses are stand.
ing, con-tandng our mothers, our sisters, and our• daughters, re.
gutted to the most dreadful slavery. There the monsters profane
eVerything to gratify their rage and their pude= ; and often
the .virgins whom they have sullied by their embraces, receive
from themselves the death which they Irish for: All the diatom
which rendered our island the meet agreeable In the Midterm
win, our .amy, the library, the. superb ediihms of Stift
Amigirese, &int Neer the Apostles, at mad up.
wards et 40 villages, halm been consumed by Abe
...The &Mclean Iskcondtaries than scoured theisemstains sad
the fermis, and 'they ire sow • at the 14th vide of
These tigers, a thoolaad times mere trod Bert those ofthi
hassle have aligned that hatred wen the tisolloaduluthey bar
to the ibis* They opened the tsethe. trod dun* is. the *crests
the bones of oar tethers, 'Ned 'the wpm et &dr uses victims
were flagged by the feet dile* the breeks.--Evay day
women of the brat fossilise In the isknd are imposed to ode in
the pub% when artides peat Vane, mei as the sacred
mese elr. the Greek and Catholiciaturches, and the hebilloonts
the Psieit.) site bf Wee washes fold at a Ile ptist)".

• • .
.... la
..: • • • "TiiiTiam•i• .• . •
wimp
•
The let Royal YeterA6 email., at Fruismt quasteer is
Cork, have subscribed 'sf4l. 16s. 24. Is mid of the Pmd tar
the Relief of the Seer* Irish.
~.. ._ in_ezet .1 Drac4s
as
to met* to Iran.
dart-rob:rah;
t, keit se. the. tmdarismioned
places :-.-Two troops and headollwrora to
.csagarb,„;
one
troop to Hythe; one troop to Mer; re troop to Ipswich;
and too tromp to Norwich.
The 4th lrith Dryer Gerd% have left Glasgow ltarrad
for Ireland. They are to be sorteeded.by the Scots Greys. 8
One Company of the 11th Regiment of Feet, is ordered to
march from Chepstow to Wolverhamptoo, where it is to ar,
dye on the 101 instant.
One Company of the 72d Regiment of Feet is ordered to
march frem Wolverhampton to Weeds.., where it 6 to seem
on the 19th Instant.
On or about the 12th instant, there will embark at Portpa,
trick, for Drogheda., the Ist division of the 4th Drazoost;
the ether divider in successloo.
Two cowponies el the 79d Foot left Plymouth en Moods,
for Woolwich, and rho rest of the Regiusest will follow a, „,,f4
;Le re
as a _relieved .by the Guards, who ere now under 0,4,8
t ) time.
odoesday, theft- Companies of the 7th Royal Putihr„
marched frost Cram Barracks for Windsor, to relieve the rid
Battalion of Coldstreim Guards, ordered to Ireland
the 13th Regiment, ordered to Chatham to embark for
The whole 14 the Barracks in England were, on the •
placed under the Ordnance Department.
Sunday, upwards of 3011 men, belonging to the 10
Company's Artillery and Infantry, marched from C,tath,
racks for Gravesend, to embark on board the Coldstream
man for BengaL
• Tuesday, the troop of the Rest Kent Yeomanry
remanded by Capt. Daum's, were entertained by tl
thy Copia:: in the grounds of Paddock House, near Canter'
Several of the neighbouring gentry and tradeunee of
were invited to enjoy the festivities of the day; Nearly
down to an excellent dinner and wines ins spacious booth
for the occasion.

Pursuant to sisteners of Guns Martial, James Nigh;
Serjsant ♦rmourer of the Ist or East Devon Reginteut of
tin, has been committed to, the County Jail by Colonel
oiswant EZIPIXOTON, to be kept in Coollnement for two r
the first and last fortnight of whisk to be solitary ; and .
Bray, a Drummer in the same Regiment, fur one month,
absenting themselves from parade without leave, &c.

7~

NI•MBER

NOTICE
of contra
"see of the Arm,

To Me Majesty

HA
(one

becor
it

inceolis4 is disanciag a Post of Pa

es tr:4*.1:1144.4;
tiodwitiNti*L.Air .
...i, siorr-.7-*Sroct hriibere
la, = stiossept Olt teems iporiiktot.Odest I i !eft
itel. a ow* this he two dm, dud% Abash dimi.dier pylkule it *ow-

.... tstr 2/2 '• ta.%
Orly tl s
t titans riecil
Ito:.
4:1
r;
it: . • . . v*7l4 RAT. 111
n• India. and Oats, in I
e 2itis ill, Counties:
CORN W A
And Om, HA
`ant In.:it. , tillery Horse
7 Cavalty Quarters in t
their orse., • • ESSEX
7.tinerhart. NowniUl
if the c.le,
uth erects 4
. en; August'
To 1 io
e e°a tbd the
r ee nti doerli
irfet ;Tt
i
iaghtinrat.,
tut of At
tonel IA:1 will be received
wo minel.l, Proposals mi
ad Clra;•i • etch Proposal r
math, to Tender properl,
gaging to becor
stated in the pr
Contract ; and
Ser Un:cr, printed Tendel
21-gn cf ~:, and should it st
6 port, 1:4 tract no Troop
to proceel
amount of the
Channel.;
sae Blea•.s, Instance by the
Particulars •
plain Jaer. these Chamber
trrived to
' butter :or
TII r.
the Gil:lc::, pROSPEi
r ; and .f .-..”.. Establish
hest} 's s:..p the Banks of i
and sources of
ig an:. s.:Fal cent. from a P
—S.•ile.! :a established at
VSNIJN, f..r and Propriet.
proving the re;
The I.c:J the last four I
Ca ; 1... , ~, Leather, thout
, a . time.
The Invents
Palace in • burgh, and I)
•hithop cf they intend to
For Prospec
nip lets.— • licitor, No. 1 1.
at which ---___
.ieutcnag GI
the M.,,:. /TEN CAI
cats were 1. ~f Till&
rhe D:! 'se gained :or the
r the Mat, teer .*:unds
c wits ir• Tickets am,
at his old State
Preside.;: CMOS. Lotitiffil
appCinted Beheines, .....ii
3 his NIA- By the plan
nightl.ood costs .. i. 1114.
1 the Ex'. in proportion.
LtsNises. ' -BISII add
ZGERALD, other
il I beti'l rjP. Toe Pr
s Miti;i4'.. ' Office, iu Curn
ttLi, Le-- •
toll 4i lb. . 4 MARTI
• street
Ay bec,.r.- 1 tinder the sat
etas kaowa , Public
: 2CCOUII3 . Grand Slim
i fisliting 10th of JULI
Curet wi:l ' 2 Prize
•
t sinztre re.
LILGOM llva- TEN' CAI
f 1 at Porto- • Purcha,ers, al
eu sus:dear allow-A to i••
drawn Blank.
se last April I nearly the Mo
s convirtell All who wi
a shawl,the their Tickets
'nation fa will be taken I
se remtinesl
h the laabi Tlii
ed abode cf'
pitalpt.:lh. 4.QTAR T
young ::::.3 11.-7 readily a.
I upon 3hl. , the T...vilight
hint, in the useful T.t'lrs,
tenet of la snany years.
ry upon tie Solar T ible
pas tea re-7 Rising; calcul
'ho had c•:-- second Amick
d an hr. . i:e. the Latitude I
rcunist.:.:,i; termining the
hens to :i.:
!inseive.s ;:i Law Commar
cents of •,•:r• Company, a
he povr .::1 that Service
brook, 5....) Printed for
'led that the : • Uen, Leaden
itted to 0...*
uus woi.:.ir. LECONS
is upon -k: This day we
I the smu-
this ch.i:•;e
life was far "VECONS
r once been -I-4 de :SIM
aiu and r.:1: Beaux 31orcea
Bontbay :•) deux derniers
sheriff, pro- ietabitssemens e
ry a j;•;.5.• l'autre war :
order, tri..l Chevalier de la
e the Mel.
pun the Se-
tents whicli • rrofetseur d
as transmit-
on Decocts " Lectorcn
rktion, and Printed fur
previously be had of all I
NI.) 1. BOSSC.
5. BOSSU'
- I I 3. BOSSU'
. 5 1 4. BOSSILY
' 5. BOSSU'
The Ball s. nosst;'
stoles of the 7. BOSSU
ing prewar. a. BOSSU
•:•-•-•::ara v
r, &alio.
—, - . ...___•L,
