,10P**:-

...•.....m...

. 7114114 rill oase7 7411111TIMILlel
A •Ctlita XOPLE. .4.
We'stbONelias received information that the
fleet is rigorously blockaded ioNavertn by thrtvgnser
squirdrort, and that ICie impossible for it to make any
nifieemeot tabards the seis The Bekaa ii Slid to Love
been both astonished and irritated by this news; the
more so, •s Ibrahim Pacha, in consequence of the ex-
press desire of his father, Mehemet Ali, has been autho-
rised to take every measure to prepare every opeiatisin
that be may think advisable, without being answerable
I.pg to any one besides his father. The Porte therefore fears
that Ibrahim may consent to a Treaty contrary to its'
interests. The Sultan has, however, sent a Plenipoten-
tiary to Ibrahim.
The blockade of Navarin, the appearance of twos
Russian ships of war in the Bosphorus, and the move-
ments if the Russian army in Bessarabia, are welt cal-
culated to indoct the Porte at length t,i hccept the
inteliatien; at least it now shows on every occasion the
ream respect to M. de Ribeaupierre, and its condos!'
its the oegociatioas carried on by that Minister relation'
to the free navigation of Neapolitan and Spanish 'muds
in the Black Sea, is condesceadiogil,the extreme.
Piele has at.° presented its observations on the
of two ships of war, rather in the form of an infinitel,
friendly document, than under that of a remolds,
However satisfied the other European Ministers neo
et this moderate conduct of the Porte, the preparatiode
of Russia by land do not fail to embarrass them greed?:
It is reported, but without guaranteeing the truth of k,
that some sof them having asked of M. de Ribeaupient
paig:
some information respecting the concentration of the
Russian army on the Pruth, he merely answered that
he had nothing official on the subject.
TRIESTE., Ocr. is.

Merchants letters from Constantinople say that the
Sultan is not disinclined• to concluding an armistice
with the Greeks, provided the Allies will assemble a
C•ingress in Germany, in which their future fate shall
be regulated, on •the understood condition, however,
that they shall always revai bjects or the Porte.
Ii
iiMi f
es . . • .
The exhibition of the es of Prussian manufacture
is at:iced. The re.ult is, that the Government, though
Well satisfied with the articles exhibited, finds the ma-
sa:factures.' have manifested too little zeal in the matter.
The reason is presumed to be the discontent of the ma-
nufacturers, founded on the circumstance that foreign
goods may be imported on payment of very moderate
duties, whereas very high ones must be paid in foreign
countries. It is said they will unite to make a repre-
sentation to the Government, on a state of things so
prejudicial to the sale of articles of our manufacture.
PARIS. Oct. SR
Some journals have ann unced that the Viceroy of
Egypt had caused Byllel Aga, Governor of Alexandria,
to be beheaded. This is not true. The must recent
accounts from that city say that this man, who was ex-
tremely corpulent, was carried t,ff by an apoplectic fit.
Since Mehemet Ali has_ held the reins of Goverhment
in Egypt, no act of this kind has occurred.
A letter from 'Torsion, . f the 20th of October, say:—
" Nothing transpires here relative to the war with Al-
giers. I will only tell you, that a month ago one of
his Majesty's ships captured, on the coast of Corsica, a
corsair unJer the Alge:ine flag, with a crew of about
40 men. They have been brought to this place, and
are now upon their trial; for this week past they have
been conducted every day to the military tribunal
which sits in judgment upon them. It seems that they
are pirates, and according to all appearance they will
be condemned to suffer capital punishment."
The llorence Gazette, on authority which it declaresll
to be authentic, confirms the account published by the
Monilestr of what passed at Navarin, front the 24th to
the 27th of September, and adds some interesting par-
ticulars. When the English and French Admirals vi-
sited Ibrahim in his tent, the latter at first answered
with dignity. and much haughtiness. " Dangers and
death," said he, " never enter the calculations of a sol.
dier. My ships are full of balls and powder, and I must
execute the orders of the Sultan." On this Admiral
de Rigny announced " that in case of extremity the
Egyptian ammunition wools' be exchanged for that on
board the European ships." After a long conference,
however, the armistice for 20 days was agreed upon.
FROM ilia COaIITITUTIONNIL.
LISBON, Oct. IS.
PItIVATI COIIaIISPONDINCL
The anniversary of the birth of his Majesty Don
Pedro IV. bora the 12th October, 1798, was celebrated
yesterday with the usual formalities.
At the end of the parade, the General, Governor of
the capital, followed by a numerous staff on horseback,
took his station successively in the centre of the two
squares, and proposed the three folios ing acclama-
tions:--" Live the King Don Pedro the Fourth," " Live
the Queen Donna Marta the Second," " Live the Con-
Eitutional Chatter."

The soldiers and the immense crowd of spectators
repeated these patriotic trim, and particularly the
third, with enthusiasm; the soldiers put their caps on
the ends of their bayonets; the spectators waved their
hats in the air, and the Ladies, dressed elegantly, and
placed in the balconies of the two squares Rocio and
Terrriro da Pace, seconded the transports of the gene-
sal joy by waving their handkerchiefs. The military
music of the different corps played the national Consti-
tutional Hymn, the words and music Of which were
both composed by King Don Pedro himself.
The Infanta Regent and the two Princesses were
present in• the Royal state box, at the extraordinary
representation given at the Italian Opera, which was
illuminated splendidly. The assembly was both nu•
merous and brilliant. 'like house was not large enough
so contain the numbers which pre►ented themselves at
the doors and it great many persons were obliged to
ip way for want of roofs.
• VITTORIA, Ocv. et.
The chiefs of the band of re-els which was ra:sed in
this melee,. have been all arrested. and thrown into
the prison'of *sr thy. • The prinCipal among them is
imarded within view, and his prison is constantly en:
vitoned by a hundred men of the battalion of the pro-
vintiai militia of Montesey, who have been brought
here with the utmost expedition. Seven other indivi-
duals of the same bands, among whom five are Offi.
cers who have been arrested in the environs of Rama,
a d are now in the prisons of that city, are to be con-
duitted.hither, and judged with those in our prison.
They will probably be all condemned to death, for the
Deputy General of the province, bHose taking the field,
had issued the followiag decree, which has been pub

S. irbi

" 4.

the province, shall'
tyttelen
" 3. The subalte
receive Orden."
FROM +NS JOORNAL DU DIDATS.
BUCHAREST, Om 11.
The latest accounts from the Ronson frontiers

irla gTie itio Aar' Mai

the most enterprising expectations, sad many merchants
have already begun to speculate on. them. Several of
the first houses have given large orders for champagne,
rioh harness, and other articles of loamy, for the purpose
of supplying the Russian office.s.
?A A MD, ()novae la.
The rebels Saperes and Congo', having quitted
!Miner's and Vich, proceeded to Llanvaneras and To-
vents, and from thence, on the 9th, they advanced to
attack the bead-quarters of General Monet, who was I
stationed at .Cerbera. The General was obliged to bentl
a retreat in order to j in the lest of his division, which
was oo site road to Lerida and Tarragona; and even
after this junction he was not in a condition to oppose
the rebels, and was obliged total! back on Mattress.
Oa the I nth, a considerable force marchedirom Tatra.'
gotta, and the rebels being obliged to retire to their old
positions in the mountains of Calaf and de Berga,,
General Monet was enabled to resume his station atl
Cerbera. All this proves that the rebels are far froiro
being destroyed ; and one Gate•lie itsitlf is • obliged to,
admit that Saperes slit' commands a force of i,900
men ; and as it does not mention Caragol, mho maen-.
mands a knee equal to that of his colleague, .we ntity,
without hazarding too flinch, estimate that thete_tero
Chiefs have still a force of horn 4,009 so 5.000 men
under their orders.

Wall the rebel officers who presented then.selves at
Tarragona, and who belonged to distant towns, a depot
was formed, which was placed at Villa Seca, a small
town of the country of Tarlagoaa ; bat it appears that
those officers being app-ised of the arrival of some ships
of war at Tarragona, took to flight, fearing they shoulJ
be deported, as a report to th .t effect was In circulation.

rounds of mond polity.

nothing bet d* usconditiooal nibmiuion of

lawless rebels—it argues that it had" become Necessary
to pot an end to the Greek war," and that it was
to be imagined that things could be established on

their former footing." It acknowledges that inter-
position was indispensable; and it declares that the
oni? prawn interposition was that of Goretnaseuts,
and not of individuals. It therefore joins all Christen.
dom in calling upon the Porte to " give itself up to the
evidence of facts, and,e• acknowledge the necessities of

the times by granting a restorative Government to a
country desolated by war and anarchy," It then shows the'
montane advantages which it would derive from having
the Greeks as tributaries insteld of precarious subjects.
It justly states that it would " put to silence for ever, or t
least for a long time to come, the but tidily disguised am-
bitious projects to which the Greek war must infallibly
have presented, sooner or later, an opportunity of fulfil
ment." And then, appealing to the truth of facts, it
candidly owns that " a positive refusal leads to a rep
tare, and a rupture with the three first Powers of
Europe wouild be attended with fatal consequences to
• t he Porte."
' • Such an article, dictated tender the influence of Aus-

Ilia, and. appearing in a Turkish Paper, is in itself a
phenomenon. The determination of the Porte to go to
wa• must have .been most singularly strong to coaspel
even her wat meat ally to adopt such a mode of seeking

to alter and conquer it.
We received German Payers this morning ;—tl.ey
possess nothing of par,ticishisinterest. The following
ate extracts:•

BA NOVIUL

A short time ago there:appealed season to hope that
the differences subsisting between 'Hanove► and Bruns•
wicit were in a fl'► way of being amicably arranged;
but this seems &be ltiss-probablesi.‘ce the publication of
a pampl4l4llt)hj Hanoverian- Minims of State. Coast

Munster, the tendency of which into justify the :acts.,
of tt‘eVoireihntEnt of Ilvatuvrilk during his Royal
Highnoss monsiclitjliiit: which, even from its title
Itefigkitioit yozardeles, per & A. R. Itc.)
doe* tkftt4teet, well. calculated to soften an irritated
teliper.-iisitrewierg C.v./impend/sof, Oct. 24.
FRANKFORT. -oe*. es.
.per Majesty the Queen Dowager of Wurtemberg set.
out this morning. fee Stuttgard, addhis Royal klifibstess
a• Duke of Camblidge for Hanover. - 4 4
• The Aiudvises:Odueseer of the 19th mesh* the peti-
tion addrehed bftha Captains of toe five provinces of
Tricala, Jariijta, Abitinitnia, Lepanto, and Negropont,
tithe GreellPatytarch it Conitantinople. This petition

has very numerous ,signatares, which.aulr-verlie al.!
proof how far :the. pacifioddift of Greece is *ea*,
advanced. There are of AerttEnasist iv* Capita/I,LO/.
Arta three, "of L-Panto sir, ilFitlegropont siis'Am4
Weals fifteen.—Frankfori Papers, Od. 45.
FRISURGH. Ocs. ta.
Yesterday evening the Archbishop of Cologa made
his entry into this city, amidst the ringing of all the bells
and the joyfol acclamations of the iehabitants, who
ctowdeJ tae streets through which he passed.
Baron Von Bertheim; Minister of the Interior of the
Grand Duchy of Baden, is also here, and their •11074
Highnesses the Hargraves William and Iguisiliaa me
expected.

11030, Om. 10.

Letters from Syra and Milo b.tterly complain of the
excesses committed in the most daring manner by the
pirates who swarm in those seas, on English, Austrian,
Sardinian, Genoese, French, and other ships. Among
others, a richly laden English ship, which was already
pillaged, has entirely disappeared, and these is every
season to suppose that it bas been plundered, and the
whole crew murdered.

JASSEY. Orr. 11.

A part of the corps of General Roth, who is said to
be with bis division, his joined the army of Count Witt-
genstein. Eight thousand infantry, and sixteen field
pieces, have been sent to Ismael and Reni. The troops
Reni are commanded by tieneral Woinow. Fresh
troops arrive Also daily at Ikeleny.

The following was posted at the North and South
American Coffee-house this morning:

• JAMAICA, Sarni a= 11.
" By an arrival from Curracoa of a vessel owned at
this Port, we learn that several transports had arrived at
Porto Rico from Spain, the forerunner of an expedition
under Gene ral Morales to invade Colombia.

An expedition under such an tnterprising Officer
As Morales, and consisting of sit to seven thousand
men, with money to carry on the war, there will
be little doubt that in less than six months a great
part of Colombia would again be subjected to the
power of Spain, for nothing but distress aad confusion
feigns at that unhappy spot just now.

A lime of b4ttle ship and a frigate were blockadiag
Porto CavePos, they ate said to be a put of Labours
sqtandron, which bad left Key West some time ago."

Our columns have timely contained renewed corsetu-
nications from our old. valued, and able Correspondent.
" Pnitorarnts;" and we have reason to assure our
Readers that they will be frequently gratified by arti
cles from the same pen.
" PH morArnis" confines himself solely to the attack,
of the absurd 'system of sending English child' en to be
educated at French and Catholic schools. We wish our
Correspondent would, in his fitters communications,
give wider scope Wigs powerful noimadversiou—ahnt
he would take a mete extended field, sad aim his ►lows
rather at the root, than content himself with lopping off,
the brahches. Let him boldly combat that unacsountas,
ble mania of living on Abe Coutise t, aid &eating
Old England, so prevaltit in these days of :144y sad
frivolity, and to which system may be chiefly trace

sins and levities which have grown,exerett Inc
already sufficiently vicious habits, indigenant
to the soil and climate of our country.
know not who Ent set this fashions some ciao
and Aristocrats doubtless, who, like mayoral
-Amslivver wti daistuskflrtis4he tidiness of
their native hot-bed, escaped Ihrtrbnisawse boundaries
of their moths: earth, and wanans44 to wastnaho
riches, and to prove their gratitude, on forgiss
Then the "anew lima'--.the isnifororef-.so ever
ready to ape the follies of their superiors, West Deeds
quit their smiling homes and native land% to lode's,
oak pair.' on fried frogs, expend their Englialsamon, y
air foreign cheats, undergo a second slavery to foreign
thraldom—and this, forsooth, to hate the bonne, ge
sailing foremost in the wake of noble lolly 1 The
inftction soon spread ; and. beginni g sp.ards, k
quickly descended downwards. Coaseynnie
measured by the extent of one's travels, rinii -spy
the duration of tomfoolery. Mr. Clod, the Inlet
would not that Mr. Lockup, the banker, sboriW
be a greater tnan than he; and the Misses 'ragtag
envied the travelled accomplishments of the Mite
Bobtail, till, in fife, the whole medley herd anti wily
germs of Whites, Browns, Greens, Snook's, Srnpkin es,
and Romkinses, became, erns iota alas aniewlihas, in.
fected with the universal virus of foreign perentinatka,
Here, we repeat, is a subject worthy of Psi ILOPATItifi
pen. Let bisti avid his countrymen a patriot lesson-.{es
him warn them in bold and strong terms, in worth of
caution and in words of -swim e, to pause before they
quit their native land to spend where they have ant
reaped, to en, ich another and ajealous power by fruits
plucked, and riches called, from Old England's mill
COUR r CIRCULAR.

The Duke of CLARIVOCI arrived at his resideate in
the Admiralty yesterday aserales. from his lest is Baby Pat.
Sir MOTOONT Haat lsk tows 40 Tuesday aeraiss for
to eater so Ms weld doles as Leas Casa:num al Imam, la
diorama' at Lard Illasamma Mr. Saamerau W bees aprimi
tt succeed lie Amebas, as irleaCitaseeler.
Mr. Hvapases. Mr. Hawn, sad Ma Cassias Gum deal
reteat Gowns yesterday.
I .s •

1001,13/1T .GARDEN THEATRE.
The nil it ibis House last night was A 13•1 J Sink
fora Fiji, one of those few Comedies of England is
which a single -Ow is contrived and executed 14 a
airteflfillev The Colossi higiniell of the eight *as
Mr. CAM IMES the only performer is the star
1 who podessea that variety. or rather ver..atility, of
talent Indispensable to the just personative of the all.
imitating (um* Mr. KIDIBLR sustained this diScslt
character, and 'the several diverse characters flowiag
front it, with his steal discrimination, spirit, and sown.
The polite mad fashionoble Fienchasaa; the solemn
itieStsnetColk.ctor of Curiosities ; the striding, blaster ing
Hollander;; the hoary, tremulous Steward; the canting
Quaker ; sad lastly. the 'plain and good-honoured
Military Geolensaa, were bit off, all mad each, with
that tapPj ease and effect which could result only
from the rare combination of an intimate know-
ledge. of life, and a consummate skill ip wink--
0f his excellence in the mere technical pm of
theatrical imitation, Mr. Krasst.a's raresestake of
the ancient steward was a singular example. The
change of festers., voice, and manner, was so perfttt,
add so closely preserved from the blasting of the
scene to the end, that many, unacquainted with the
play, could scarcely believe the personater to be Mr.
11E21111L2, till at the very close he resumed his award
tones and attitude, to the surprise of the half ititiatal
in theatricals.

The after-piece of Don Giovanni followed, in which
Madame VW? RIS and Mr. KaiLa/ amused the spec•
tators till the witching time of midnight.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

The f3irinod. frost Janis to Loupool, was spas via es
the 1 Silt Irpoilaber, of cab:, }Mite bad to Lass, tie ffew
helots eickly, by the Parker, strioltd st Liverpool
WELL, Ocs. 51...-71 so Wires. of this put, Dsono, h wags
I Dew here, and likely to become s wreck.
Wonsuovot, Oce so.—The Brothers. Hauls from Ardsho
to Beennuris, rpersi a leak et the Calf of Nan an tin Mk oe.
sod fetioderod.
Asivanen, Oct S.—The Lay Juliana, Con which oiled s
few drays sloes for Bristol, was mooted to be agnood in *NU
FALIIO9IIII Oct. 30.—Wind KW. to N. and W.—load dr
Doke of Matiberugh packet; fee Lebow.
Pariscerra, Otis 30.—Wied W.—Arrived the Berm, Vs*
from Torte.
PORISIBOCM, On. 211.—Whid N.—Sailed his 114re1's
Trse, Challeopr, sod Sapphire, ems so ezperismatal mist; lirob
Pus, for Van Dieesses Lod ; sod Doke of York, fir St. Measly.
&um, KW.--Arrived frees Lesion at Mat
Fours, for Demerara; Brigham, for New Yeek ;awl DK
Stubs, foe Juniata. Anhwei' the Yavowite, Comm WI Al'
"mini Waatientr, frees Anemia; sod Antelope, from Sayre&

-
SCRIM! OD.TIEZ ST. LAW /11311CL•Calgaill
es whom has hem estrossed the soney of the river belso
pmas.
Capehbare26....New Yawl Adendlarereesiag •liBad PI"
do
Yesterday a Come of Directors was held at the Eau
Indio Meow, whim Captaio Herat Bas was sworn tots We Ma,
mead of the ship Iblitaborgh, comigited to lisenbsy and Chia.
The Dowager Marchioness of SALisellaT had a ire
lea card party yrsterslaj eves* at her he... ia
Yesterday, the LORD hiATOR. LORD Mona neett
Ramaama, Aldermen, Mamie% sad Comma Coma's" will
the Oil Itemembraocer, ad a nnomoss reties et City Olgin.
proceeded in state to the residence of the Loss Clasamm.in
George-street, Hastrrermisare. wording to maul moos, fa
the purpose of preematkig the new LOS" Maven. toreal" tic
tomtits of the Mate, prepotatory t his Wag Metalled as
Magistrate of the City. At the wan time the Cky Remeowasorr
wed the Master of the Cersomake limited the Leas Owastan
to the Civic Feast, Mt Lord Mayor's Day; the Cabinet Mint"
land other Lacers of &am. were also caged lips. and
The Agents of the Pottsville G versant retnieel
a considerable sum on 'Tuesday to Vienna, to be Pa'
to Don Miguel.
Cakutta Papers to the 11th April have arrived. They
state that the maierobjects of the Ambassadors from the
King of Ava, tcbo had unwed at Rangoon, was to
train from the British Goverament a prolonsatioa 010
period at which the neat instalment under the Dem!
of Melloon becomes due, on the alleged ground of the
'Tt eabury of the kinof Ara bent*. toe much tedeeed
to allow of his waking say disoirressaas for the Vt.

swot. - - .
Anacynt..—The Dols, and therliesi of St. ALIA"'s
occupied their private boa at this Theatre, on Towlsl
evening. and weaned highly interested with the Goads
Life, which nightly rises in attraction.
Captain Clifford hoists his flag this day on board the
74 ran ship which is to carry Lord W. Bentipc,,k
India. Captain 0410 rd-will remain in the Indio °`'-
three years. His Lad/, whew state of health is delical
ressains at home; and will retitle with her father, Lord
John Townshend, at Balls-poed.

. ~
• - -
s • •
• of in:path:l het lie i I astc: idf the sin
---":"-----: lisped, and which, . .•
.. :_ 1
. _ - i - Ls,
rotAi ,i - • press tiAll I -41111 erlt►, like, on the
s. • 1
a'0111.1011" Pr'" 4 :"'" of the Allie-L. • • this illse, is ask fare t Itlit AIM
30. the ilia ••,;1„,, .
. a4r► `444 dir ''lpike •
eaattnaw 0 t opposition Maltby ;hid. it We We knoll
e ear" 1. ii Met dealt. .- reprobated th ' tit feibnegd Chriklbh ilk:. Nobles and
typtian .. S. no reaeb taken In a.. _
.tely shoc,withee: ' •
