MI:CELL A N AOC".

The Report bn the Irish Lachman Regulation
Bill was brought up. and ordered to be considered
on Monday.
The Irish Land &truing Bill was read a second
time, and ordered for a third reeding on Monday.
r. FITZGERALD btu:ter up a Bill to amend
the Irish Custcms and Excuse Acts,whitft was "tad
a first time.
nei.risullsoStean Stamp
Dudes Bill was teed a int Oft
On ti eti of Sir H. Mitamay far the ihird
readi,ig of the blichaelmas Quarter SPAM Ms a

'.

conversation arose, in which Messrs. HOME SUMNER,
CALVERT,. and Serjeant ONsLow participated. The
Btu was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. GIDDY presented a Petition from thq Book-
sellers of London and Westminster, in favour of the
Copy-right Bill, and against the claims of the Uni-
versities.
The Report of the Copy-right Bill was ordered for
further consideration on Tuesday se'nnight.
Thc Irish Loan Bill was read a first time.
DUNDAS obtained leave for a Committee
to re the Acts relative to' the making National
Canals and Aqueducts.
The Irish Fever Hospital Bill was read a third
time, and passed.
• The Committee on the Spirit Intercourse Bill was
postponed till Wednesday.
Tile Parish Apprentices Bill was read a second time
.and committed for Friday next.
The Report of the Overseers of the Poor Bill was
brought up, and the Bill ordered for a third reading
on Monday.
• A Message from the Lords announced their assent
to several private and public Bills, without any
amendment.

The House went into a CoMmittee on the Deeds
Attestation Bill.—Report on Monday.
'The farther consideration of the Private Roads Bill
was postponed till Monday.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT moved for an account of
all sums of money remaining in what is called the
Dead Fund of the Court of Chancery.. He briefly
prefaced his motion by observing on the necessity, in
all cases, of giving the fullest notice of such sums,
with the names of the parties, that individuals might
come forward to claim their rights. Leave given.
The Hon. Baronet then said he intended to move for
the atrindAnce.of the proper Officer of the Court of
Chancery, to account why the orders of the House,
for the production of Papers shewing the increase of
Fees, had not been complied with.
Mr. COUHTZNAY and Mr. WETHERALL said a few
worts in exculpation of these officers ; and urged that
it was only from the complexity of their nature that
the accounts were not all received. Several of them
were afterwards brought up,
The House then adjourned till Monday.

ABOLITION OE7 HE SLAYS TRADE.

Yesterday, in consequence of a public advertise.
mem, a very numerous meeting took place at Free.
masons' Tavern, of the Friends of the Abolition of
the Slave Trade. The meeting was composed of
persons of the highest consequence, among whom
were many Ladies of Fashion.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER was in the 'Chair, sup-
poJed by the Marquis of LANSDOWN, Earls GREY,
SELKIRK, HOSSLYN, and CHARLENIoNTJ• Duke of
C.orsnorr, Lord ERSKINE, Sir JAMES MACINTOSH,
Lord Micros, Mr. WHITBREAD, Mr. WILBERFORCE,
Mr. W. SUI &c.
The Doke if GLOUCESTER felt himself much ho-
-no.ired at being c.:lled to the chair, as it was an assu-
rance to him that the company did justice to his feel.
ings, in considering him as a sincere friend to the
-ab.ilition of this most detestable trade. Many of the
-most distinguished friends cf the Abolition had felt it
to be their duty to convene this public meeting, in
conseydence of an -article in the treaty which had
now been laid before Parliament. They thought that
not a moment should he lost in carrying into effect
whatever measures might be deemed the most effec-
atill to preventing the revival of the trade. He was
cles'irous of tr!,sp:issing on their time as shortly as
possible, and should therefore confine himself to
• stating the purpose for which the present meeting was
convened. He should now call upon some of those
whit friends of the Abolition who were near him, to
state to the company what they had to propose.
Mr. Witonotronoc then came forward, aad was
received with the loudest applause. He was con-
vinced, that all who beard him, as well as the nation
at large, were decided friends to the abolition of the
Slave Trade. It was impossible for them not to be
aware of the very critical circumstances in which that
great cause was now placed. It was impossible for
those who took a comparative view of the situation
of the question now, with its situation and
prospects before the treaty, not to feel the most
serious disappointment and regret. The friends of
the abolition (and who in this country were not its
friends) had flattered themselves, that their cause, as
being the cause of justice and humanity, would have
met the support of all nations ; and now they found
that this country was about to give up to France co-
lonies that were now in our possession, and upon a
direct understanding that the Slave Trade was to be
continued in those colonies for the term of five years.
'By this article in the treaty, he conceived that the
sanction of-this country was in some degree given to
a system which had been so often called a system of
robbery and murder. It had been called so, not in
'the figurative sense which was often given to such
expressions, but it had been called so in the literal
sense of the words : because no other terms could be
selected that more properly described the nature of
:this traffic. was not as yet acquainted with the
circumstances which led to this fatal surrender on the
part of this country. He would-not, therefore, now
blame it in those terms which his feelings would
otherwise call upon him to use ; but he was firmly
• persuaded that no considerations arising from
poli-
tical interests or expediency could be of sufficient
weight, as to justify this country in giving its,sanc-
tion to this odious trade, if trade it could be called.
He should not, lio•wever, take upon himself to judge
of the conduct of any man until he had heard his,
reasons : but it appeared to hire absolutely necessary
that the friends of the abolition should lose no time
in considering what they could do to mitigate, at
lest, the extremity of the evil with which Africa
was now threatened, When he considered the very
gradual progress that the cause had made in this court,
try, fi om the time it was first agitated, to the time that
his Noble Friend who wasthen nearhim, (Lord Grey)
and another noble Friend, not then present, but who
wasa zealous friend to the cause (Lord irenville) suc-
cessfully prpppsed .to Parliament the abolition of the
trade ithis slow and gradual. progress of the cause
in this country gave rise to various and mi;ed consi-
derations. On the one hand, it gave the most severe
disappointment to those uho had been so long snug-
gling with difficulties, and labouring up-the steep as-
cent' and rho had just began to enjoy the glorious

prospect of the complete destruction of this most odip
ous and accursed traffic, to find that those bright pro-
spects were snatched. from heir view, and that they
were perhaps destined to. behold still greater miseries
than they had before contemplated. On the other
hand, however, when we remembered how very gra-
dual the triumph of the cause had been even in this
country, we might, in justice to those who were bat
lately our enemies, hope, that when the same infor-
mation respecting the real nature of the trade should
be diffused amongst them, they too would look upon
it with the same horror that we did. We should re-
collect not only how long this question had been
depending in Parliament, but what difficulties it had
to encounter even in the public opinion, and how
many advocates were found to contend that it might
be politically right although morally wrong.—
Although he could never allow that any thing which
was morally wrong could be politically right, yet
this country had had the good fortune in this instance
to have proved by experience that what was morally
wrong was also politically wrong. France, however,
had not had the opportunity of trying the experiment.
The great object, then, of this Meeting was to con-
sider how every one, in his sphere, could promote
the cause by extending to other nations that informa-
tion on the subject which this country possessed. It
was impossible to remain tranquil and inactive upon
this occasion ; and he, fcr one, most unaffectedly
declared that he alt shame for not having taken the
necessary means'of spreading in foreign nations that
information which was no longer necessary in this
country, that had completely made up its mind upon
this great occasion. It was particularly to France
that this information should be communicated. In
this country, the Slave Trade had lately received a
deadly blow from a Bill brought into Parliament by
an Honourable and Learned Friend near him ( Mr.
Brougham), for placing it on the same footing as
other felonies. This was fixing the scandal of public
opinion upon it ; and since that time men would he
as much ashamed of being advocates of the Slave
Trade, as they would be to be advocates for murder
or houso-breaking. He understood that in conse-
quence of this Act, there were two men now on
board the hulks, who had amassed fortunes in Africa
by the Slave Trade. They had continued their
practices after the passing of the Act, but the law
intercepted them in their career, and sent them to the
hulks, the common receptacle of felons. The French
were a high-minded and generout.people ; and he
hoped that when they were acquainted with the real
character of the trade, they would abandon it.—
There was, however, on consideration which he
thought should have opened the eyes of our negotia-
tors. There was not (he might say it without any
flattery to the people of this country) the same de-
gree of religious and moral feeling in France as it%
this country. It was upon the religious and moral
feeling of this country, as upon a rock, that he had
planted his foot in all the exer6oes that he had made
for the success of the cause. He had argued that it
was contrary to the laws of Goo and the dictates of
humanity ;—and he had felt assured, that in this
country, befoie such argument as that, all arguments
drawn horn political convenience, or political inte-
rests, would be blown away like chaff before the
wind. Such was the case in this country ; but we
could not feel the same atsurance that those conside-
rations would have equal weight in another country.
—He hoped, however, that the cause of justice and
philanthropy must ultimately triumph. It was,
however, a circumstance which gave considerable
satisfaction and hope, that those illustrious Monarchs
with whom we were now allied, with whom 'we had
been joined in arduous struggles, and who had now
arrived to the.pinnacle of *glory, were friends to the
abolition of the Slave Trade.—(Loud amlause.)—
fhe Emperor Alexander, as he understood, was
particularly favourable to their cause. He was in-
formed that the King of Prussia and the Egiperor
.of Austria were also favourable. They owed it to
their own high characters, they owed it toAtmtcarre
Con Who had placed them in situations of such high
influence over human affairs, to give, their best en-
deavours to alleviate.the evils of mankind, and mi-
tigate the sufferings and wretchedness of Africa.—
A Congress was shortly to be held at Vienna for set-
fling the peace of Europe ; and he hoped, that at
that Congress such reprt:sentations would be made as
might be effectual in putting an • immediate stop to
this trade. We had now ceded large colonies to
France, with an express understanding that the trade
was to contintie for five years, and we bad no secu-
rity that it would be discontinued then. Those who
agreed to such a surrender, had certainly taken upon
themselves a most fearful responsibility; and it was
fur them to see that the heavy price which was thus
paid fur peace, should not be extended beyond their
agreement. It was the duty, however, of the friends
of the abolition to endeavour, in every possible way,'
to influence Parliament and the nation to oppose the
continuance of the Slave Trade. For this purpose it
would be necessary to have a petition presented, with
signatures so numerous, as clearly to express the feel-
ing of this country upon this great question. Al-
though we were at Peace with France, we should
maintain
.a deadly enmity to the Slave Trade. We
should make no treaty with it, no parley, no truce
for five years.—(Loud aNdaure).—Althnugh it might
be the intention of the negotiators that the wounds
of Africa should be then closed, he apprehended that
it would be a great aggravation of the miseries and
wretchedness of that Continent. It was precisely
that part of it, where we had replaced this odious
trade by a more useful commerce, that was now to
be surrendered to France.. A brave officer near him
(Captain Irby) had lately, in the execution of his
duty, destroyed the factories on that coast, and rooted
out the nest of vipers that had settled there. He was
afraid that this trade would again return there, and
I nation be set against nation, village against village,
and family against family. Under the banner of
their illustrious Chairman, the friends of the abolition
might feel confident that they could not have a better
leader, as-they were sure that they could not have a
juster cause. After some further observations, he
concluded by moving the resolutions.
Earl GREY rose amidst loud applause, and said
that he felt quite unable to add any thing to the
ekquent statement of the Resolutions which had been
read, or'to the More eloquent address of the mover
of them—the great patron gnd father of the African
cause—(applow). But he could not reconcile it to
liis feelings to sit in silence under the flattering allu-
sion to him which bad been made by his Honourable

Friend (Mr. Wilberforce). He therefore offered
himself to second the Resolutions. It was always
unpleasant to him to speak of himself, nor should he
have trespassed on that unpleasant ground but for
the allusion which bad been made to him. As to
his (Earl Grey's) political endeavours in the course
of a long public life, they had met with na reward,
but that which was the best reward, the reflection
that he had always done his duty. It had been li;s
fortune, for a very short time,
.to hold a place in the
Councils of his Majesty, in conjunction with friends
whom he should ever venerate. In that short time,
so short that it was not possible to have developed
any plans of policy, he had been obstructed with dif-
ficulties, in that time he had met with one of the
greatest misfortunes of his private or public life, the
death of Mr. Fox (applause). In mentioning that
revered name, he did but indulge the feeling which
he should ever cherish ; and he hoped that in this al-
lusion he should be suspected of no political motive,
for he spoke to those who knew that it was the truth,
that there never was a more sincere friend to the
cause of humanity, as directed to the abolition of the
Slave Trade, than Mr. Fox, nor was there a cause
in which more than this that great man had been
with more zeal, more honour, and more complete ul-
timate success, ever employed. While that Admini-
stration had been thus exposed to difficulties and in-
terrupted by loss, the bill for the abolition of the
Slave Trade, on the part of this country, was pre-
sented to the House of Commons, and by the exer-
tions of the Honourable-Gentleman (Mr. Wilber-
force) and his Noble Friend who had been alluded
to, ultimately carried, notwithstanding the inveteracy
of its enemies (loud applause). The Administration
of that time had been much defamed, and its motives
unjustly calumniated ; but in his idea, it was a suffi-
cient praise, that during the short pet iod of its exis-
tence the death-warrant of the traffic of blood had
been signed and sealed (loud applau;e). Of the ar-
ticle of the Treaty which related to this traffic, he
was afraid to speak his sentiments. His Honourable
Friend (Mr. Wilberforce) had expressed those feel-
ings respecting it which all would participate in with
charitable forbearance ; but he would ask for the sig-
nature of this execrable article of the Treaty,- what
ground of policy or expediency could apologize ?-7
(applause). A plea of extenuation might be found,
but the act was incapable of defence. He had heard
of articles which had been condemned because they
were detrimental to a point of our commercial inte-
rest—to our territorial interest, or to our national ho.
nour. Looking at this article even in these narrow
view!, our interests had never been more completely
abandoned (applause). It was an abandonment of
our commercial interest, because the rising trade and
industry of Africa was by it devoted to destruction ;
of our territorial interest, because without equivalents
possessions had been given up to the I reach, by
which they might re-establish this inhuman traffic
there, chiefly where civilization had made the greatest
advances ; of our national honour, because if that ho.
nour consisted, as it was always held to consist, in
the observance of justice, humanity, and religion, all
these principles were violated, and by a bond of
blood, a nation was devoted to barbarism and suffer-
ings, at the bare relation of which human nnture
shuddered. In whatever point of .view, therefore,
this article of the Treaty was beheld, there was not
one which suggested the possibility of justification.
His Honourable Friend (Mr. Wilberforce) had
spoken of the meritorious exertions of the officers of
the navy, and of a gentleman then present (Captain
Irby). Industry had been encouraged and the trade
in slaves repressed ; that very coast, fir a line of
1200 miles trom the Cape of Senegal, was to be
ceded by treaty to the French, and comprehended
those points most convenient for the traffic in human
beings. It had been said that there were in the hulks
two men, who, under the Act for which Mr. Broug-1
ham deserved so many thanks, were suffering for'.
the crime of Slave-trading, and their punishment he
(Lord Grey) hoped would not be ;emitted. But
would not every friend of humanity feel a pang when
lie reflected on the fact, that the very peint
:where
theie men were taken, Senegal, would again be
opened to this inhuman traffic under the sanction of
the British Government. He was afraid of trespass-
ing on the time of the Meeting, but he could not for-
bear expreSsing his conviction that unless the Treaty
received some most important modification at the
Genetal Congress, the traffic in slaves would be re-
newed in all its horrors—aye, even with aggravated
horrors. It was vain to suppose, if France con-
tinued to carry on the slave trade to her colonies, that
it would not be carried on to every colony in which
the system of slavery existed, and, in fact, renewed
throughout the world. There' was a piece of infor.
mation which he had received since he had entered
the room, which confirmed the opinion which he en-
tertained of the Treaty ; it was the intention of per-
sons who had an interest in the British Colonies to
apply to Parliament for the renewal of the Slave
Trade for the same period during which the French
were to be allowed to carry it on ; and there were
arguments in support of their request, which the per-
sons who had signed the Treaty would find it diffi-'
cult to answer. This proposition he should reiist
with all his energies, but he should fairly and at once
declare, that considering the interests of the Africans
alone, independently of future example, and the loss
of national character, that people would be much
relieved by our revival of the traffic; because we
could allay the horrors of the middle passage, which
in all probability other Governments would not be
able to effect, and at the same time obviate the evils
which must inevitably attend the concealment which
would be necessary for the purpose of smuggling
these unfortunate beings into our own colonies. He
trusted that they did not suppose that he gave way
to any arguments which could be adduced for this
renewal, or that he could consent to such a derelic-
tion of national honour—to such an apostacy of the
high path of virtue which we had chosen—to such a
renunciation of the principles of humanity and jus-
tice which he had professed—to such a disqualifiga.
tion of ourselves for the blessings which we invoked
from the ALMIGHTY. (Applause.) His object had
been to thew them the magnitude of the danger, that
their efforts to avert it might be commensurate to it,
and to beseech them that their 'feelings might not end
in a temporary expression, but that they should im-
press them on the minds of their children, on their
friends, on public assemblies, and strive in their fa-
milies, their counties, and in Parliament, to apply a
remedy to this fatal article, by which this great ob-

-

ject of the friends of humanity was, he Would not say
endangered, but completely 10.
t.
The Duke of Gtouces-res wished to know whether
it was the sense of the Meeting, that the Resolutions
should be put separately
Earl Gum( rose merely to suggest two alterations
in the R,elofittipns. In one place it was said, "We
recognize with satisfactiOn the principles pf humanity
expressed in the article of the Treaty respecting the
.Blaye.Trade, though we regret that. these principles
are followed," etc. For his part he couldsee with no
satisfaction the recognition of principles, which in the
concluding, part of the article were so completely de.
feated. He wished, therefore, that they should merely-
state the fact of the recognition, without any com-
ment. He also wished, after the expression of their
opinion, that the consequence of the Treaty would be
the renewal of the Slave Trade on a large scale, Ow
they shoull add, gi And though accompanied' Wit!:
provision that the traffic shall cease in five years, )et
we cannot see that at the end of OA term it is likelse
to cease."

Mr. Winarnronce said lie had E.-Atha slightest obi
jection to the alterations propoced.
The Amendment moved by Earl Grey was then
proposed and agreed to, and the Resolutions were
thereafter -unanimously adopted.
Mr. Willmar/to said he lead been desired to pro,
pose to the Meeting a Petition, in conformity to the
Resolutions which they had jest adopted. Aft." what
had been already said, it would be difficult for any
man to add any thing more to excite the feelings
which were implanted in the ',yeast of every one of
them before they assembled in that roam. For his
part, he should feel himself incompetent to the task
of addressing such an assembly, did he not consider
that it was not himself who spoke to them, but mil.
lions of the inhabitants of Africa who spoke to them
through his month.—(Applauir.)—He hoped the,
would all adopt the Petition which he had the honour
to propose to them, and give their signatures to it.
He wished all of them to t.se their influence in the
diffusion of the sentiments of this Petition, tH ffey
became national beyond all that was recorded in his--
tory, in order that Parliament, speaking the language
for once of a united and universal people, might be
enabled to restore us to the great and proud situation
in which we stood before the siguature of the Treaty.
We were now a degraded nation ; but although we
were a degraded, it was not fitting that we should
be-a despairing nation.— (ANdeese).—They had not
only to appear betote Parliament, and to lay before
the two Houses the general and universal expre.sion
of their indignation at being Again involved in scenes
of blood, misery, and murder ; but, as stated by. the
Honourable Gentleman who had been so truly nam,
ed the patron and defender of the African Slaves,
and his Noble Friend near him, they had also to en.!
deavour to diffuse these sentimen ts equine then nitres
of France.. But to Ire.ableacs convey in urination'to
the people of France, it was neceitarythat the Press
of France should be open to them. They. would' find
it, he believed, a difficult task to convey their senti-
ments to the people of France through the appropri.
ate medium, the public papas ; for it was Lund ann..
possible taintroduce into the Gazettes -of ihae cone,
try the Resolutions which had-been lately idripted
on that subject by the British Legislature. -He had
best often designated as a man at all times Ah earn:
;ate for peace ; but little didhe think that when the
Treaty of Peace arrived; it would contain one article
which would'bive the effect - of destroying Peace
throughout a great part of the world, an, make
him lament that a fence had been obtained on
these terms,(4o/uure.)—He had boo represent-
ed as a man willing to Obtain Peace on any terms ;
but had such terms been proposed to him, 'and he
had been called to decide on them, rather than
have peace on these conditions, he would have
said, let the war be continued.-.(Lured otoleare,)-e
This. was not a question between-one force of
Go-
vernment and another ;. it was not a question of com-
parative strength • it was not a question of competi-
tion iii the race of insolence. Let what wowbil be
the Government, and wboevet might be :thießolat
:This was a question. which, with or without alliance,
be would not be disposed to abandon, and till it was
carried he thought the sword ought not to be
sheathed, They had been told that there were in-
dividuals at present in dais country paying the pe-
nalty of their participation in this abominable
traffic ; but they. might also have, been told, that
on the very spot,:nthere these people had been
condemned, the 'traffic .wits again made legal. He
bad heard of the -satisfaction lately evinced -at Cey-
lon, on the convicticitt of a suet of miscreants who
took advantage of a general famine, to steal a num-
her of those children who had been made orphans by
it, for the purpose of selling them as slaves;—but
when the knowledge of this Treaty came to that
island, with what scoffing and reproaches would not
these roan-stealers say to the people of this country,
we had permitted that very traffic in others which we
had punished in them, and meant to profit by it ;
and that we bad,.as the price of peace, permitted
others to carry on a trade which we blushed to carry
op ourselves. It would be found impossible to carry
the stipulation' for the abolition at the end of five
years into effect, but by the sword, why, then, he
would ask, did they sheathe the sword, when. with-
out shedding one drop of blood they might have
produced an effect, which, at the end of five years
they could not obtain but by the sacrifice 44
hundred thousands 'ef Europeans ? Why did we
wish for peace, but as a cessation of the shedding of
human blood ; but this Treaty was merely a transfer
of the scene of human bloodshed. It was giving our
licence, that millions of Africans should be agsUn con-
signed to all the horrors which this abominable trade
gave rise to. They must again open the bloody vo-
lume which they imagined had been closed for ever ;
for they might be assured that all the horrors .1'
which they had read or heard would be acted over •
stwphhoheowi
vtt
bhor
yrt hecaeodmi
engaged, t
do
again. Would they not, then, do what he-now pr- -
uld
e
ch
y
nthaemmeir nadliospwtasththeePetionlytimmeans""iyh
hopein tbouseet
wiatchcort
4plgisteneriadatlheexipv.rersk.
sion of the sentiments of the people, their wishes /111'
would be ineffectual. The Members of the Legisla-
ture had been more than once compelled to lisuat to
the voice of the people ; and it was well known to
in connseqeedueednnceototto
most of them that a late measure had been abandoned
1 feeling of the pub,i:
thdeesupnaiivrena,
against it. They had but to speak and to act, and es
they
that at the approacniug

:
---V. V
V -
'-V
V -
