,

1114 AIED UWE ASSURANCE COMPANY.
Sir CHRISTOPHER BAYNES. Bart. President.
. • DIRECTORS.
WILLIAM GORDON;-Esq. M. P. Chairman.
BLMONICOCE., Esq. Deputy Chairman.
Colonel J. A. Bannerman Lewis Lloyd, E.
Charles Campbell, Esq. Moses Mocatta, Esq.-
John Carrick, Est. - Emanuel Pacifico, Esq.
John Green, Esq. W . W. Prescott, Esq.
John Higgio, Esq. losepli Pulley, Erg.
J. D. Hume, Esq. C. Smith, Esq. Sheriff & Ald.
William Lafdrest, Esq. 'Sir T. Turton, Bart, M. P.
George Loavnian, Esq. M. P. John Woolley, Esq.
THIS Company offers to the Public the following
• Advantages,-Tie -•-••
To pay Rent, In case of Fire, without any additionarPrensium.
To assure Farming Stock, either generally or specifically. •
To make good Damage by Lightning.
To assure bierchandize in the West India Docks at 2sper Cent.
per Annum. •
No Charge made for Policies, Endorsements, or Surversr.-
Printed Proposals may be had at the Office. .
By Order of the Board,
H. DI- SBOROUGH, Jun. See.
Temporary (Ace, No. 2, Bush-lane, June 24, 1808.
The. Company are appointing Agents in the principal Cities
and Towns in the United Kingdom, with liberal allowances;

and *e rrady to receive applications for Agency, from persons
cif resteetakility.

riFFAIRS OF 'SP.,IIN. • .

• BANDO. • • • •
The &uprose Junta of Government, desirous -be-
yond measure that the public should partaite of the
joy which-shey,feel, informs it,
1. That the City of Valencia, andilie. Kingdom, Bred with the
generous inipulie of their loyalty, have procbimed and sworn al.
I tea= to their Kitig., Don :codas's& VII, without any unable
or disorder whatever essuit g.
• 2. That in consequence diereofithey *used 'a Government, to
superintend the kingddrn is long as the urgeocfof their circum-
stances shook! continue.

• S. That they puhlished a Declaration to that purpose, including
other matters, wh'.c) shall be communicated in due time.
4. That they recognize a sovereignty, and will neither receive
nor obey any orders but those cf Fcreinand VII. and in the into.
rim the Governiner.t he names, or that which represents him. •
. 5. That the paper stamped in the name of the Liesatnant Goo
rel of the Kingdom stall not be used.
6. That his Excellency the Count de Cervellon h. named Ge-
neral of the troops.
7. That the aforesaid Government santeld enfinne sgeneisl
listmerit of inhabitants, from the age of tot&
8. 'that they have 'delved a numb& otChesti ClineWeys which
were destined for Madrid.
.end for the information, and forattexamplewhich
we hope will be followed. by all spain. tte *emit
paper is ordered to be ptiblitibed." • . • .
Royal Palace of the .Alcakar, Mai 32. 1808. • 1 2
(Signed) DON JUAN BAUTISTA PARDO, Sec. .
DON MANUEL DE AGULL-4 R, Sec. /P.,
• CORDOVA—TO ITS INHAMTANTS. • '

Sormeas—The kingdoms of Andalisia,set ens-
selves attacked by the assassins of . the North; -your
your
. .
country is on the point of being oppressed by the yoke
ofa tyrant; you yourselves will be dragged from
your firesides and from your homes: The Wanton'
Murat is fabriCating 40,000 manacles to deduct you,.
like the most contemptible stain:Bl3,7'M :the Korth:
What atrocity ! Who is such a coward,. such On in-
fidel, that his breail does not burn, With courage at
the cries of his country lamenting over itidestrtictiont
Solchers 1 Do you, too, groan over it ? .I>utllee your
groans be the groans of rage and fury at the wretth
who • plunges her in slavery and oppression. Would
you rather die defending the robberies and impieties
of a perfidious traitor; than shedding /our blood in
defence of your church, your nation Land yourselves
Soldiers ! ye that have been the trst in raising the-
standard of the nation, carry into your camps virtue,
religion, and the manners. of your forefathers. With
such qualities they overcame innumerable armies. If
among the Chiefs who lead you to the theatre of glory
and honour, you should perceive any treachery, aban-
eiOn them, and choose others more worthy of your

cause.

Soldier:, ! Twelve millions of inhabitants arc ob-
serving you and envying your glory 3 min even
France herself pants for your triumphs- and success.
DECLARATION 07 WAR, AGAINST THE REVEROIt
• OF FRANCE, NAPOLEON I.

Ferdinand VII: Kin; of Spain anti the ladies, asd la his aute,
the Supreme Junta of both,

France, under the Government of the EMperor Napoleon the
First, has violated towards Spain the most sacred compacts—ben
arrested her Monarchs—obliged them to a forced and manifestly
void abdicatic.i and renunciation—has behaved with the same
violence towards the Spanish Nobles, whom he keeps in his
power—has declared that he will elect a Icing of Spain, the most
horrible attempt that it recorded in histoiy—bas sent his troops
tato Spain, seized her fortretses and her capital, and scattered her
troops throughout the eouptry—bas committed against Spain all
sort; of assassinations, robberies, and unheard of cm( hies; and
this he has done with the most enormous ingratitude to ate set-
vizes which the Spanish nation has rendered France, to the friend.
strip It ha; shewn her, thus treating k.wjth tite•most dreadful
rilitty, fraud, and treachery, such as was neier'etiMpesitted
against any nation or monarch, by, the most herheriniiiii;oo,l,.
tious King or People: He has in five declared that be will
ple down our Monarchy, our fundamental Laws, . andinthii
*boot the .sin of our Huly Catholic Religion.
The only remedy, ti fore, for such grievons illy which
ar' so manifest to ail Europe, is in War—which we .declare •
against him.
In the Lame, therefore, of our Ring, Ferdinand the Seveotb,
and of all the Spanish Nation, we der ;are war by land and. yea:
against the Emperor Napoleon I. and against France—we 'ere
determined fo throw at her doinisatlon and tyranny, and com-
mand all Spanitrds to act hostlkly against hips, to do him all.
possible damage, accopiins to the laws of was, to place an Em-
bargo upon all French ships in our poets and all properly and ef-
fecks, in whatever Fart of Spain they may ►e, whether belongini
to the Government or to the itilviduals of that Nation. ip the
pore manner, we comn:ard, that no embarrassment of
be done to the English ration nor its Government, nor its
ships, property, or arena, nor any irdividual of that nation; we
fFectars that thsre shall be open and free communication with
England, that we sive contracted, and will keep, an armistice
with her, and that we hope to conclude a datable and lasting
Pease.
