RAI.PII BLEGBOROUGI4.

THE SPANISH COL,ONIES.

CORUNNA, DECEMBER 11.

Since, whatever the present successes of Bonaparte
may be, it is not feared that he will succeed in effect.
ing that rapid subjugation which he has threatened ; '
we look towards America with great interest, even
with respect to the immediite profit which the mother-
country may derive from her colonies. A t the very
time tlfat the English papers communicated to us the
subtle and knavish Proclamation of Liniers at Buenos
Ayres, a direct communication from Vera Cruz
brought us more agreeable tidings concerning the
promising appearances, in Mexico.
You will have heard before of the patriotic contri-
butions from New Spain, and will have read in the
Madrid Gazettes, the proclamation and letters of the
Viceroy to Mr, Morla, which avow principles of fide-
, lity to the Sovereign, and attachment to the mother.
country : -yet, according to private letters, there has
been hesitation, if not vascillation, in the Councils of
the Viceroy.
Ihe following are extracts from a letter lying be-
fore me
Mr Dtaa Baornza, Vera Cruz, Sept. 6.
• We have beheld with infinite grief the state of your Penln-
sub, and that in which this kingdom is surrounded by traitors : '
but in spite of them, we have the joy of witnessing the signal lop-
airy of the people. We have already mstained here a popular
commotion, the details of which the inclosed paper will tell you,
occasioned ty the concealment of seditious dispatches brought by
the French cutter the Valliant.
There have arrived here two Commissioners from the So.
preme Junta of Seville, and it appears. according to the reports
in circulation here, that the Viceroy had dismissed them, not
well pleased, owing to discords in the capital, and because his Ex-
cellency openly declared that he should recognize no authority in
Spain ; which scandalous proposition has spread much discontent,
and we expect every moment to behold the mine burst. All that
I know is, that. the views and purposes of this Gentleman, under
•le present circumstances, are inexplictble, after laving taken the
, oath to Ferdinand VII, the more so as he has in his favour but a
small number of partisans; that emit the troops are disgusted
with him, and that all the kingdom are entbutbqtie in behalf of
the cause of ourinnoccnt young Monarch, and regret that they ate
at so great a distance, that they cannot shed their last drop of
blood in his defame, and in that of our laws and religion, from
• the slavery which threatens us.
" The inclosed paper gives an account of an insur-
rection which took place in Vera Cruz, in August,
after the first vague news of the occurrences in Eu-
rope had arrived ; and as we are so little acquainted
' with the Spanish Americans, this document may v..,
- pear to you amusing, if not important:
Vera Cruz, ,August 10.
' At seven o'clock this morning there entered this p art a cutter,
• with French flag and pendant. It was fired upon from the castle,
• and afterwards hoarded from barges sent out by the commander

of Marine, and brought in.
The Governor has since issued an edict, forbidding, upon pain
of death, all persons to go to this vessel, which has on board a
• company of grenadiers. Some sty that it comes front Bayonne.
has touched at Guadaloupe, and brings dispatches and a person of
distinction. This is all that has hitherto transpired; but at all
events, either the measures taken by the Governor are needlessly
violent, or the intelligence the vessel brings is of great importance;
whatever It be, we lament that this place is without defence.
' Three P. M.—The people are in a state of tumult, detnanding
to be informed of the news brought in the cutter. They made
the R-gidores (municipal magistrs. c 4) go to the Ha/1 of Govern-
ment one by one, and required that two of thent, in company
with th,f Military Governor, should fetch the letters from the
cutter. They were brought, and were found to consist of sedi-
tious proclamations and orders to the Chiefs km, which were
burnt. It was insisted that the oaths should be taken to Ferdi-
nand VII. and this took place; and also that no packet should be
permitted to sail, which, therefore, will not set out to-day.
• The populace called for the head of Zeballos (a rich merchant,
supposed to be in the French interest), whose houses went de-
stroyed and effects burnt in the streets. The nuns of the orders
of St. Dominic and St. Francisco left their convents ; but it was
not till the Host was seen under the Pall that the tumult was

appeased.
Auourr 11.—At three this morning the Military Governor
in parson, attended by two guards, carried a couple of boxes, with
dispatches, to the Post-Office, in order that they should be for-
wartied by extraordinary couriers. The populace assembled, and
threatened, if the couriers wile sent off, to pull down the Post-
Office; and a number of persons remained around it. The people
insisted that the place should be put into a state of defence, and
farmed a Committee at eight this morning. At half past eight a
body of persons demandt-d that the dispatches, which were about
to be forwarded, should be delivered to them. The Administrator
of the Post said, he would send for the Military Governor, and
that they should be delivered up. At a quarter past ten about
=0 persons same, the dispatches were delivered to them, anal
were found to consist of papers resembling those which had been
sent to the principal persons of this place. At two in the after-
POOP it was announced that the—weekly packet was about to set
out, and at half pas. three al) was quiet.
" This i, in several respects a very singular.istsurrec-
doh. The moderation of the people is certainly tole ad-
wlfile their demands are oft rare description. It
teems that the most obedient subjects of the most des
pixie N tams have notions peculiar to themselves. Ido
sot recollect chat letters, gazettes, or news have forme
in article in the deelarat:on of rights of any modern I
d •-n rati_ ct e: brat i the Revolutions both of
European and American Spain, they forr2 a princip.i
chapter. The Revolution in Gallicia broke out be—
fore the Corunna Post office ; and the first act of in-
surre.ction was the forcible rescue of a courier who
had been arrested for bringing a false report of 3 re.,
bele; in Leon."
