STATEMENT OA GENERAL CHURCH RE-

LAMPS TO THE GREER BOUNDARY.

It is impossible to describe the despair of the people of this nun.
try, on the intimation that the limits of Greece, according to the
new protocol, would exclude the whole of Aearnania and a great
part of Etolia ; (I will not speak at present of the islands, although
surely they they have every right to be free, and in Candle much of
the beet blood of Greece has been shed.) As I have not seen the
protocol, I cannot believe that the generous interference of the al.
lied powers is to be brought to a conclusion by entailing open Greece
digesters of the most serious nature; that, instead of giving bee a
frontier, they are about to take one from her, and to place Turks
in all those military positions from whence they rends: of bat little
avail the Thermopyle, Missolongiti, and Lepanto; for if the Turks
are masters of Patragik, Carpenisi, and Vrachori, I will leave it to
the decision of any military man who knows the country, and per.
ticulerly to Colonel Lesko, if they cannot with ems tum the position
of the Tbennopyle, and descend from Vrschori or Vlochos to Le.
panto and Balona, without troubling themselves about Missolongbi.
I speak from experience; for, when the Turks held both Missolon.
(Mend Lepanto, my creeps were masters of Vrachori, and drove the
Turks out of the provinces of Cravari and others; we maintained
our communcation with the sea by Mount Zigos and Crio.Nero,
not far from the mouth of the Fidaris. Vrachori was protected by
the strong position of the convent of Vlochos, which, defended by
the patriotic Stem, defied every effort of the Turks to retake ft. h
this post now to bccome a citadel for the Turks, whilst the fertile
plains, covered with forage, will become, °femme, the head.quarters
of their numerous cavalry P Another important position on the
right bank of the Aspeo.Potamos will form another citadel for the
Turks, from wheuee their progressto Anatolie° would be unchecked,
except by the imaginary dificulty of passing that river. I allude to
the position of Lycovina ; ?mil even the little island in the lake of
Lesini, in which thr itotahitznt% of Calocho, Catouno, Neocbori, and
other villages, undo the Um(' l striots Dimo.Chilio and Blakri,
bads defiance at all times to the forces of Resehid Pax::.., must
now be yielded ae4helTurks.
" If this supposed line of frontier is to be given to Greece, she
will be left without a single port beyond the Gulf of Lepanto, as
Missolonghi has no port (it has bat a roadstead), and the ports of
Dion', Drogoaftstre, Alitica, and various others, are on the other

gainr4pmPb:Piam4slowtaisitkiosed4wcatAln.
rouch;orghitutuß•ian dnCeeFrolysiabnelvye..".tf,ron::
a cannon pre
irseifielvoetifriathtt ehtahtAe
at least, eight months in the year ? Greece, in beeon.ing 0,,
independent country, will be supposed to maicntaerlinlyiuitosic:,;ipoinarliaat
frontiers:
a vigilant police, to save her and to save Europe
perhaps, from the plague, should that frightful malady beta..
time any
this wili beini
impossible.
Withimth
entine line of
endeavouringhoo
fro°utndaeft
out the disadvantages of the frontier with which it is said Greece
to content herself..—whilst I confess that the agitation of my feelings,
from the persuasion of the miseries to be entailed upon her, if this
line is persisted in, almost prevents me from holding the pen.
Lulled into a fatal security by the protocol of the 22d of March,
the Greeks were unanimous in their gratitude to the allied
and saw before them a fair prospect of becoming an independent
country, in the supposition that their frontier would be that of
the line from Volo to Arta, or (more properly speaking) the frog.
tier defended on one side by the Thermopylio, and on the other by
the Macrin-Oros. This is the only line, not merely of security
as s military frontier (I speak from experience), but which will
( enable the new state to prevent all prohibited communicadoa
between Greeks and Turks. This line, and far beyond it, the can.
tons of Agrapha and the province of Aspro-Potamos, are to the
peaceable possession of the Greeks ; and before I left the camp of
Maerin.Oros we had fortified its passes on the high roads
leading from Trieste, Arta, Prevesa, and Jeannine, to Vo.
nista, 3lissolonghi, Salons, and Livedia, &c. The left of this
line is washed by the Gulf of Arts, near Coprena, and the
nearest Turkish camp to my advanced posts was Comboti, an
hour's ride from Arta. This line is strengthened by the strong
Castle of Carvassara : the next position along the Gulf is that of
the fortress of Vonissa ; and directly opposite to Prevesa, on the
point called Punta (the promontory of Actium,) the passes are de-
fended by redoubts built fur that purpose by the Greek troops._
Such is the line of frontier which Greece at present holds ; and I
doubt if the Turks themselves wish to come again within that line,
for they were never masters of Acamania de facto, and they hare a
proverb which says, • All Itoumili is for the Turks, but Karlili--
-no.' These that are acquainted with this country know that
Karlili is .Acarnania, and part of Etolia.
" The population of Karlili or Acarnania amounted to about
35,000 souls b: lore the war in Greece; that population has been re.
duped during the war to about 22.000 souls ; but as soon as the pro.
toed of the 22t1 March was known in Greece, numerous familie-
ftem Epirus, the men of which had nobly fought for Greece, have
established themselves there, exclusively of the Soliotes. This is the
country also from which Greece can supply herself best with timber
for building ships of war. • • • • • • •
"To trace aline of frontier upon a map is extremely easy. I re-
member once to have done so through these provinces, but which I
had net then visited in person. Subsequent experience, in contend-
ing with the Turks for this very country, made me acknowledge the
the absurdity of having place I faith in a map, of which the best are
not without errors, and some often place mountains where there are
not even hills, and plains and rivers where there are mountains; and
it so happens, that the line of frontier talked of is full of such mon,
" I must again repeat my conviction of the disastrous come.
quences, to both Turks and Greeks, from the despair of the warlike
inhabitants of these provinces, threatened with slavery or expatria.
lion at the very moment in which they are rejoicing in the centre of
their families for freedom acquired after nine years' labour end blood.
shed—whilst they arc preparing to receive with ethusiasm their new
Sovereign! Must the Allied Powers employ a naval and military
force to subdue them ? for it will not be in the power of the Turks
to doso. Suppose them subdued fora moment ; is it not possible
that wars may again break out in Europe? that discontent for
the loss of territory and of frontier, of a country and of liberty, may
unite all the Greeks, within and without that imaginary line of
frontier, against the new sovereign ? Will not any foreign power,
with views hostile to Turkey, find greater facility than ever to
airy seat plans into execution from this state of things ? A great
'tenneetation is already working on people's minds, since tiss arrival
of the sews respecting the limits ; and even the men most distin.
guished for patriotism, who opposed the despotic measures of the
president, and who heartily desire the arrival of the prince, and the
establishment of the new government which promises to Greece
guarantees for her civil liberties, are looked upon, in some men.
sure (through the intrigues of those opposed to them,) as se.
ceding to the cession of the Etolian and Acamanian pro-
vines. Every military man acquainted with Greece and the events
of the late war, knows that the principal points from whence the
Turks have always operated against Greece, have been Vole and
&honest against Eastern Greece, and Arts and Caravassara spied
Western Greece, and that the Greeks could never hold he Thm
mopyla abets the Turks are masters of Macrin.Oros, to which
Caravassara is the most important entrance and the citadel. If tht
Turks obtain the port and position of Dragomestre also, as well
as the positions already stated, it is useless to suppose that Greece
will have a frontier which she can defend, a line upon which she
eon establish custom-houses or health offices, or that she can ptevent
daily bloody and desperate border-frays."
;Of Count Capodistrias the gallant author of the statement this
writes—

" If I hare mentioned the name of Count Capodistrias.
I disclaim all feelings of private animosity haring been the
motives a feeling of public duty towards Greece, whose armies
I:have had the honour to command, has compelled me to
speak of the baneful effects of his administration, as far as is
relates to the grand and important question of the extent 0'
her territory and of her frontiers. The protocol of the 22d of
March arrived in Greece before the convocation of the fourth Ns.
Soul Assembly of the Greeks, held in Argos last summer. Thi.
amenably, {totally under the influence of Count Capella:in,
granted him unlimited authority and full powers to negotiate with
the Allied Powers on the subject of the protocol. This protocol,
however, contained an article which made it probable that Count
Cape d'lstrias could not remain much loom President of Greece.
and very improbable that he should become her constitutional So.
vereip. It would have bees consistent with the declarations of the
`,reddest, that Ns services In Greece are fibintenewl, and en forth,
to lave overlooked in the protocol that part which was °hoodoo
Massif. It was hie duty towards the nation, which reposed be-
ll* asidllesse hi him, to have sent a deputation to the Allied
Pawn, to elk the fervent thanks of the Greek nation, to point
sat the necessity of keeping the line of frontier from Arts to
Weiss well as the reasons of a political and local nature why this
binder coos the only eligible one, to expose the claims of the dif-
ferent provinces and islands, to obtain emancipation, and te here
that freedom confirmed which they had nobly acquired. Fir It*
this taking place, the protocol was thrown aside as a condemned and
hateful paper, and a most respectable individual, Theoklides Fat.
makidi wan imprisoned for stating his sentiments of it to a friend :
and 'the President, elated with his victory over the civil liberties of
Greece, seemed to consider his own decrees as the only documents
that ought to be attended to in Greece, and probably throughout
Europe."
The whole thus concludes—
" Not only every mountain pass, and every impregnable post.'
but every plain which produces forage for cavalry, and every sea'
poet adapted for war or commerce, is given up to the enemy of.
Greece, no barrier being left between her and the formidable 010"..
tory force which may be easily united in a few days by a Roenth
Valleay, or even by a turbulent and enterpriahig Pasha, who oaf
Is isimpsed by the love of conquest or plunder, and the kilt/ of
Ile operation, to overrun the country as far as Cape Colones: 10,1
all this without the leave or even the knowledge of the Sultsn.--
Unhappy Greece ! if thus left in this unprotected state, she Dia'r
be considered as a bsandfal victim ready for sacrifice o'se ‘ll2
her Sovereign reign eves her, securely, honourably, and lor

• This is on the supposition that the frootiw of the narrow sal
fordable Aver, the Aspropotsoss, is adopted, install et the frontier
which includes Aaron's and part of Lolls.
