RESOLUTIONS.

1. " That by the present state of the representation, the people
arc deprived of a right essential to the maintenance of their fiber.
tics, and the protection of their property, recognized and esta-
blished by ancient laws • a right fully admitted and confirmed
by the statute 1 James I. wherein it is declared, that in Par.
liament ' all the whole body of the nation, and every particular
member thereof, either in person or by representation (upon their
own free elections), are supposed to be personally present.' In
conformity with which Lord Chief Justice Camden bath said,
Whatever is a man's own is absoltrely his own, and no man
has a right to take it from him without his consent, either ex.
pressed by himself or his representative r ' and Mr. Justice Black.
stone hath said, that 'in a free state, a branch at least of the
legislative power should reside in the whole body of the people.' "
" 2. That what has been called and lauded as a virtual, is in re.
silty but a pretended or sham representation of the people, efficient
only in wasting the resources of the nation—giving the colour of au
assumed popular sanction to extravagance, and largely increasing
the number of those who are interested in promoting it."
" 3. That the evils which have long oppressed this country,
manifested in the discontent of the people, and in the frequently
occurring seasons of distress, are, to a conaiderableextent, produced
by unnecessary establishments, profuse expenditure, an over.
whelming debt, and cxhorbitant taxation ; all of which have arisen
and grown to their present ruinous extent, from a want of that
controul which is alone to be secured by a real representation of
the people."
4." That though in 1793, and at subsequent periods, it was offered
to be proved at the bar of the House of Commons, by eminent states-
men, who predicted the ruinous consequences of parliamentary we-
ruption. 'That a decided majority of the members arc returned by
the nomination of 154 patrons,—that 40 peers, in defiance of the
laws, return 81 members by their own authority, and that the free
choice of the electors in a great portion of the remainder is frus-
trated by various corruptions:' yet all inquiry has been unjustly
denied, and all reformation obstinately resisted. That a number of
men, possessing amongst them the power of ruling the Howie of
Commons, by nominating the great majority of its members,
necessarily controul the Government, and approptiate to them.
selves the produce of the taxes • and accordingly we find
from Parliamentary documents, that 100,0001. per annum is
eceived by 174 members of the house, and that 113 Privy
received
receive yearly 600,0001. of the public money."
b. " That the attainment of Parliamentary Reform has been hi.
therto impeded, if not prevented, by two principal causes :—first,
by differences of opinion relative to the details of reform ; and, se-
condly, by the want of some permanent and active body or assn.
elation to expose abuses, suggest remedies, and concentrate public
opinion."
6. " Thut this meeting learns with satisfaction that a union has
been formed for the attainment of a reform in the representation,
and strongly recommends the immediate formation of similar unions
in every county, city, and town in the united kingdom, and that
such unions should be formed on a basis sufficiendy extensive to
comprise all sincere friends of reform. That we recommend such
basis to be a concurrence in one or more of the four following pro.
positions, viz.—
The following resolutions were also passed unanimously, after a
very desultory discussion, in which 51r. Hunt, Mr. Hetherington,
111 r. Mahon, and several other gentlemen, took a part.
"That all plans of reform which do not embrace universal suffrage,
with the protection of the ballot, are unjust in principle, will prove
to be inefficient and delusive in practice, and are calculated hope-
lessly to prolong the slavery and degradation of the intelligent and
industrious workmen of the United Kingdom.
" That the mode of taking the poll at elections should be by
ballot.

" That all elections should begin and close on one and the same
day.
" That the duration of each parliamest should not exceed 3 yearn.
So that any person agreeing in any seed them may be eligible to
become a member of a parliamentary reform 11111106111iOn.

12111•1'HLI I. I
..;
HOUSE OF LOltlki. JOLT

ROYAL ASSENT.
The assent of his Majesty Ring Wllliant was given by comm.:.
sion to several Bills. The Lords Cotnnii•sioners wtrc r—the Ar.b.
bishop of Canterbury, the Earl of Eldon, and tae Earl of tibaf:estury.
The Bills which received the assent were, the Sugar Denier, v...
Assessed Taxes composition, the Rum Dties, the Arms (Irclar.d;
Bill. the Insolvent Debtors (Irelsnd) Bill, the. Isinlvent
the Illusory Appointments, the Real Property Estates Bill, the Of.
fenders Punishment (Scotland) Bill, Treasurer of the Navy (.',.01,..0-lidation
lidation Bill. the Demise of the Crown Fees Bill, the Endowett
Schools Bill, the Seizure of Slave Bour.tiLs Bill, the 131ont:it•bm.‘
Church Bill, and several private bills.
Sir A. CHART, and other members from the Commons, I,roughi
up four bills with the amendment which had been made by the
Lords—Agreed to.
Mr. Danvers, from the East India House, presented the monthly
account of pensions.
The twenty•sixth report of the
canal was also presented.
The Earl of ELDON presented three petitions from a clergyman
residing in Galway, and other persons, against the amendment made
by their Lordships in the Galway franchise bill.
The bill to remove doubts touching the Royal Assent to sCitual
bills passed during the session, went through a committee.
The Court of Session bill was reprated.

of the Caiedotian

FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC RELATIONS.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY moved the third reading of the
appropriation bill.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE took the advantage afforded by
this bill, which might be considered almost the lest pr• cLLOir
Parliament, to advert to a few of the subjects to which it a; plied.
It was not his intention, at the same time, to provoke discessioa.
As this bill might be said to be connected with all the :teas of Par.
liament, it was subject to the consideration of every t:t.mher of that
House. The noble marquis could not avoid ex!wee-ing the deep
regret he felt, in common with both Houses of Parlialeciit and the
country, that those measures adverted to in the Speech at the com-
mencement of the session, and with respect to which there was
special recommendation from the throne, remained in the SAllle
satisfactory state in which they appeared to be at the eomnitneemer.
of the year. He alluded to the affairs of Greece and Portugal. and
considered it unfortunate that his late Majesty's reign, as well as tb'
present session, hed ended, leaving those atE.irs unsettled. With re.
spect to the Peninsular and Portugal, there appeared no hope of a
final settlement. In the cyst of Europe, it was notorious that the
interests of the new state, with respect to the indcpendcnc: of its
Government, remained susp:nded. Questions so closely allied to
the honour and independence of this country, also remained in that
part of the world undecided. He did not allude to the subject with
a view to complain of protraction, but to invite explanation from
his Blajesty's ministers, and fix the attention of Parliament upon the
subject. The noble marquis was also induced to bring it ',avoid
at this time, in consequence of the great change which had recently
taken place in the 3leditcrranean, and a hick was likely to i:
crease the difficulties of the Cabinets of Europe. lie alluded to
' the fall of Algiers. Ile was far font seeing with dissatisfaction
that great object gained for civilization ; on the contrary, he cur.
sidered it a great victory gained fur Christendom ; but wh‘n
he said that, it was joined to the here ti at one of the best
arrangements would be made, that could be made, for it
advantage of England. His hope was, that at: arrargenterte
might be made in that part of the vorld, by whin the at'-
vantage would not be confined to France. btit rice OA over the
whole of the states trading to the M«literranc mot the cat,
There were many circumstances in the stale Gt. 1:111,1:.• no way se-
tisfactory, but which i.e trusted would b:coire s:..is:aciory, to
policy of this country. It was the duty of tarliatticit to fix the i•
attention upon the subject at a future period. So touch for the g:_
neral consideration due to foreign policy, and he should next ad v.:!.
to other matters arising out of the till before the house. It appea•ee
to be contrary to the practice of parliament to have the appropr.—
tion bill printed. He never could tell why an exception should
tale place with respect to that bill, or why the piloting should
interfere with the privileges of the other house. Looking a:
the bill, however, he found one vote for 1,1W,0001. (hear,
hear, hear,) to defray all the charges of mieellaneous services
in Ireland. The Noble Marquis certainly had to complain that the
Report of a Committee upon bish Estimates had not been attended
to. That Report had been in the possession of Parliament since
1829, and but few of the excellent suggestions of that Committee
had been attended to. They had pointed out abuses relating to
Sheriffs' offices, Gland Juries, public works, and other matters.
The delinquencies and abuses in Charter Schools and Hospitals had
been exposed, and suggestions made by which considerable savitigs
might occur to the Revenue. The formation of public roads lien
been also recommended, which the Noble 3larquts was eonvito-,:i
would be of the greatest advantage to Ireland. As this might be
the last opportunity the Session would afford for alluding to the
above points, he was sure their Lordships would not consider the
matters he had thus brought under observation an improper en-
croachment on their time.

The Duke of WELLINGTON said, the noble marquis was
error when be supposed attention had not been made to the sugges-
tion of the Committee upon Irish estimates. The government ,sati
considered those suggestions, and were responsible fur the adovion
of the same. If the estimates of the year had come before Pasha-
ment, It would have been found that those suggestions had been at.
tended to; but so much of the session passed in the discussion 01
other subjects, that there was no time nor opportunity to bring et,
the estimates. Those reasons induced the other house if parlia.
went to allow a vote of credit. The noble marquis had complaineu
that suggestions for public works and abuses had not met with due
attention. Some of those suggestions had been followed. Others
were still under consideration. After giving all the attention he couht
to the suggestions, he found it required more than two years to brine
forward some measures relating to Irtland.--(Flear, hear.)—
His Majesty's government would not bring forward any meastite
until they had ascertained whether it could be practicable. There
were circumstances in Ireland which made it difficult to touet ex.
isting institutions. With respect to the foreign policy of the coon.
try, their Lordships knew as much of the history of the transactitms
of Greece asite did. They had all the documents up to June All
that the noble duke could say on the subject was this. The endea-
vours of his Majesty's government had been unceasing to bring the
transactions to a termination, and there was every hope it would be
speedily terminated, because the three Allied Powers were actu-
ated by a cordial principle of' coincidence, and a desire to bring it t,
a conclusion. With respect to other parts of Europe, he could say.
a clear understanding existed on the subject of Algiers. The gri..t
distance between Portugal and the Brazils made the negocia:io:.%
occupy a length of time, and rendered it more difficult to bring the
same to a conclusion; but there was a sincere desite in all rat tits
bring it to a satisfactory conclusion.
Lord HOLLAND said the noble duke might hare communimted
just as much as he was at liberty to state, but certainly the nt•ele
duke had said no more than he told than thtce years ago. The
duke said, with respect to Oteeee, that they had the documents be.
fore them, but what information had they to account fur the del ar.
tare front the original line of frontier ? The noble duke lied f•to u
out that the distance between Portugal and Rio Janeiro was
and consequently that it was difficult to bring the negotiations to
conclusion. Two years ago it was to be brought to a renelt.si...
without delay, but it was notorious that nothing hut delay
occurred since that period. There was no it:staler of ',mime::
forbearance so strong as that shown by l'arlinient the • .!n!.
pursued by the Government towards P..rtttgul.
The Duke of WELLINGTON explained.
The bill was then read the third time.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition in favour of the
ministration of justice bill.
After a few words from Lord TENTERDEN, the house we: •
into committee on the above bill ; which, after several etri.4,i
amendments, was ordered to be printed, and the report to be re.
eeived on Monday.

LAW or LIBEL
On the motion of the LORD CHANCELLOR the law of libt
bill was read a second time, and tattered to be con mittal on :5161.-
day next.
Counsel were then called in and heard cn Sir J. Baringtor
case.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 16.
The House was summoned to the House of Peers to hear O.;
Royal Assent given to several bills.
The SPEAKER on their return acquainted the House that t!;.
Royal Assent had been given by C 0111111614011 to several bills,
he enumerated. (See House of Lords.)
Mr. HUME moved that certain returns ordered by the Ilea•.
respecting the ordnance department and building new clioreiles t,

Mr. HUME presented a petition bout the Towr, Council o.
Dumbarton, complaining that Committees on private Bills tar I 4,
formed in a manner best calculated to render justice, as Cie num-
bers arc in general the representatives of 'arsons promoting tin
Bills, and that their opinioas are previuusly known; and depreca-
ting the practice of making private communications to members e:
Committees on private Bills; and praying that Committees on pr:-
tate Bill* Otoultl be appointed by ballot. lie perfectly concerted
in the prayer of the petition ; and suggested that on the first day of
each session the names of members should be drawn in Committees
to be numbered, and when a Committee for a private Bill was Er-
emery, one should be drawn for nut of the whole number ; and all
the members should be compelled to attend, by sending the Sergeant
at Arms after them. At present there were a number of gentlemen
who thought it a feather in their caps to be Members of Parliament,
but endeavoured to evade doing any duty.
Sir li. PEEL agreed that any measure calculated to increas.
public confidence in the_ proesedinp of that house was well deserving
corsideration t but be did not conceive that appointing Committees

i

►'
i

i
l

#

I .;

I

V

Ii!

A

~- __.

t• 'lune( .without a right of challenge, would be the best method
of :•ppointing an impartial tribunal.
Alr.W. SMITH said, the great evil of ill private committees
1,45, that by influence a number of gentlemen were brought down
decisl2 on the question who had not heard the evidence.
R GORDON said, the appointment of public corn-
mittets was equally exceptionable. A number of official per-
•ons were always appointed, who attended on the decision, and car-
ried it as they pleased. This was particularly the case in the com-
mittee on the improvements at Windsor Castle, in which he sas left
in a minority of two.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, the hon.
ter.ticman had no right to attribute sinister motives to those who
differed from him in opinion. He was confident that, in general,
justice was done by private Committees ; and he was confident it
would not be found that members taken by chance would be found
'r attend.

)Ir. HODHOUSE thought the mode of forming committees
•ha ild be improved ; but that leaving it to depend on chance was
not the best mode that could be adopted. He did not think the
pablic were satisfied with the decisions of private committees, though
they are not at present made in the barefaced and disgraceful man-
ner as formerly.
Mr. CALCRAFT read the names of the committee on Windsor
t 'astle, and said he thought it could not be said there was any over.
helming preponderance of official influence. He bad the honour'
•n being chairman of the committee, and never saw procceedings con.
angled with greater impartiality.
Mr. HUME requested to know whether a return of the number
at prosecutions for libel laid on the table, signed by George Mauls,
was a correct return p He thought it was very defective.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said he had not seen the return,
but Mr. Maule's character for accuracy was so high that he could
scarcely suppose it to be incorrect ; but if there were any inaccu-
racy it could be speedily rectified.
Mr. HU3IE presented a petition from Thomas Flanagan, Esq.
praying that Corporations in Ireland might be compelled to admit
the inspection of their books by all freemen of the Corporation. On
the motion that the petition be printed,
Sir R. INGLIS opposed it, on the ground that it came from an
individual.

The gallery was cleared for a division, but none took place, and
the petition was ordered to be printed.
A message from the lords brought up the Beer and Cider Bills,
and several other bilk agreed to by their lordships.
