ft

t

mair.....,...__
-- Criminals and debtors were all thrown together. and
issue of Notes wiTCr ere got payable on the spot. He subjected to creel hardships. The gaolers Wee. in ge.
•
- admitted that it oriei.. •be desirable that this clause neral persons who tad other employments, and did not
should, operate insmediately ; but it was impassible that reside in the pi ions, and pe.rsons might die there with..
itshoold.be diS. without the viol ition cf. what might oat reteivingany aseistanee arks tieing Inseams to.:aay persin gator
be tailor' 'a vested aid established right. Having twilit:* the prime. .The Learned Lord moved ear a Meantime to inquire
the yank, of that measure stopped at once the stamping' of alt into the state of the prisons in Scotland.
Cotton", Notes, and allowed three years for the extinction of those Mr. HUM E felt great pleasure in seconding the motion, as hen
in existence, no difference could now be made between those that knew that the present state of the primes in Scotland was worse
•
were payable in town or in the country, as fas as England was con-
than could be conceived.
cert:ed. Hut as nothing had been legislated yet on the subject fur Mr. Secretary PEEL said, it would be impossible to have gond
Ireland sad -Scotland, it was competent for the Committee now and well regulated prism* unless a number of the small jurisdictions
sitting to bring in an Act, which would put an end to the practice would unite together, and erect a prison anffiriendy spacious to ad-
as tar as h regarded those countries. Should no other thing be mit of a classification of prisoners.
legislated, it would be worth consideration whether such an Act The motion was agreed to, and the Committee appointed.
should Dot he passed separately. 11111 ST FRUITS' *MID (tem.arais).
Tie Slarquis of LANSDOWN felt the difficulties Sir J. NEWPORT rose to call the attention of the
mentioned by the Noble Earl as they regarded England. House to the state of the fund called "the First Fruits,"
With re,apect to Scotland and Ireland there surer one: in Iteland. At the period of the Reformation, the First
and he did •not see the necessity of waiting till the Fruits were taken from the Church into the hands of
Committee new sitting should make their Report, as the Crown. as head of the Church. There it rem dried
t e two sobj Cis; had very little connection together; until the Reign of Anne, ss lieu it was made over to the
• lathe practice did not apply to one and two pound Clergy, to be applied in building and repairing
. siotes;only, but to notes of all descriotinns. He did not Churches. The First Fruits were thus made over both
. -wish to hurry the Noble Earl; but be *honk) give notice. that after
to the English and Irish Clergy; but one twentieth was
Eactvr he should call the attention of the House to the subject, and'
would put It to the Noble Earl, whether he would not, indeperid. ;ILO taken front the incomes of the English Clergy for
emir ~(all ober measores, bring In a Bill to prevent any facility the same purpose, but not from the Irish Clergy. Niw
to stamps bring afforded to those Banks who should issue notes pay- he contended, that if it was originally intended that the
able only in London.
The LOltD CHANCELLOR mentioned a question
valuation,
Fruits in Ireland should remain at the insufficient
valuation it should be specially enacted, as it was in
which had occurred in the Session before last, relative
England ; but there was no such enactment as to Ire-
to a ll'llt f Exchange drawn in Ireland and payable in
L land, and d e Iri.h Clergy not being called on for the
London. The majority of the Judges of the court below,
one-twentieth, it-was rational to suppose that it was
and theirLird-hips on heating the a ppral,were of opinion
' that it Was necessary to demand payment of the Bill in London.-.. intended the First Fiona should be fairly valued in that.
An alteration had, however, been since made in the law, by which g ountry. Now, in lieland a large proportion of the
Bill made payable in London is demandable any where unless it benefices, nearly one-fourth, were never valued at all.l
' rations to be payable in London only, and no where, else. —lt appeared by the papers before the House, that in
Tile rarinf LIMERICK remarked that the noses of the Bank
' of Ireland were made payable In Dublin only. seven years, ending in 1824, the Archbishopricks and
Lord 11l LVILLEhad never beard of any other bank in Scot- Bishopricks of Ireland had contributed to the fund of
iii.i making its notes only payable in London,except the one in Aber. First Fruits only 9101. whilst the English Archbishop.
dew. which had-been alluded to. With regard to branch banks, ricks and Bishopricks had contributed in First Fruits
there .perhaps would be some difficulty In making notes pay-
-54191. besides the Is. in the pound, which amounted
- able at the bough, and not at the bank where they were origi• • - •
natty Issued. during this period to 88511. being in all a total sum of
The Earl of FALMOUTH presented a petition from Truro, 14,2701. from the Clergy of England, against 9101.
praying for the abialitien of Slavery. conttibuted by.the Irish Clergy. The House was aware
Lord MELVILLE presented a petition from the county of that the Tithe C..mposition Act had lately come into
. 'triton), ariaiust any alteration in the Scotch Bankiog System.—
effect, and the valuation under this Act developed the
Adjourned.
• HOUSE OF COMMONS. monstrous differences between the amount at which the
. -- A person from the Deattand Chapter of St. Peter's,Weansinster, First Fruits were valued, and the teal value of the be.
brought up an account of fees collected by them at their church, nefices. The First Fruits of ninety-five benefices in
for exhibiting the same. the diocese of- Cloyne were only valued at 2581. 12s.
A person from the Court of Commissioners of Bankrupts, brought and
of .
these nmety-five benefices, twenty-five had com-
up an account of the manner iis which 4crtain Commissions of
' Bankrupt had been executed. pounded for their tithes for no less a sum than 10,5801.
Notions for the Abolition of Slavery were presented by Mr. Between 500,0001. and 600,0001. had been voted by the
Ltrreetoo, from Stanley, Staffordshire ; by Mr. Jetty's, from House for building and repairing churches, the very
Basingstoke; by Mr. IL Twos. from "(overlord West; by Mr,
purpose to which this fund was applicable, but for
t:uawirs, from White-haven; by Mr. Watts, from Sevenoaks ; by
Lord Itlumcite, front 'lepton Bridge, Suwerhy, Tinton Mordaunt, which purpose it had become quite unproductive. But
and several other parishes in the West Riding of Yorkshire ; by besides the bounties granted by Parliament, the poor
Air. Hearucore, front Boston, Lincolnshire; by Mr. W. Sumo, Irish Catholic peasant was taxed for building and re-
- front London, and from Stratton in Cornwall; and by Mr. pairing Gime- ng churches. Attempts had been made at dif-
essoa, front ihafte•hury.
firma periods to render this fund applicable, but these
. ads. F. BUXTON postponed hii modern on the Slave Trade in
the Mauritius to the soh of 'Way next. attempts had failed, and large sums were taken from
• Sir GEottGE MURRAY presented r petition from the Agri. the pbor peasantry,and Parliament constantly applied to
cultural Society of Perthshire against any alteration in the carreocy for grants for what this fund might be made to effect.
of Scotland. •
When he stated that the Glebe lands and Bishops' lands
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. Dooms, from the burgh
of-Stirlitig; by Mr. Alderman Woos, front a Mr. W. H. Inglis, in Ireland amounted to seven hundred thousand acres,
praying to be examined before the Committee; by Mr. A. Came- he thought that the House must agree with him that
sets, from Renfrew ; and by Captain Csonme, from Nairn. such a system ought to go on no longer. The Irish
The Offences at Sea ou was reo4 1 second time, oaths motion
of Nir. Cormaa, and ordered to be committed for to-morrow. Clergy should contribute as the English did. The
'llw Assault and flattery (Scotland) Bill was read a tided tiase. Primate at Ireland was at present valued at only 4001.
and passed, on the motioa of .11r. H. Pavan/otos. .r. .- , whilst the Archbishop of Canterbury was valued at
Mr. Al I L Dll AT n laved for 'returns of_pereons -the
20081. The Bishoprick of Clogher, worth at least
different gaols of thy kinedona for effenciii undet the glen, aud
.0r
all 0.4.00 amittedwitainifinefinipitau. in cuilaquaseu their 10,0001. a year, was valued at 3501. All the Bishopricks
hoparreourided by iptiog-gilitedming the last year.—Ordered. • and Arctibishopricks in Ireland were only valued at
•el to nuals•••••a ((web* following returns iss.Thir antount of 31771. whilst in England the Bishopricks and Arch-
revenue received by the Commissioners of the Northern Light* for.
,bishoprsc• ks were yaluct at 21.3231: besides the tenth,
the last ifive.yostsiTstating ifieonsiount 'received by sack lieht.liousq, . •
the
chwie,ox
abippipu
end.tbe
expense of collecting the. stiults....r
c_wlu.ch itmoilteiktallglii,ll. This was one of the eases in which
act dioight_. toe countries ought to be assimilated. - The Right
Tba*ouiss of the impenditstre of the same comotiseisnan for the
some
period" et4ting.siso the clams of
.tits.commiwiwasen, and -at en.
.k_benUMile.:.•tee,cluded by moving several Resolution!, in
charge el their salaries. The amount of the receipts and .eapeodi- "ldek,
peer.. sou appointment of a Committee.
n0v1_141=4164 nOtantlw had stated were embodied, the last
ture althe trustees of eh* light.bouse on the river Clyde, and like-
wise a-copy of the regulations recently made-by-them with respect Mr. GOULBURN said this was the fourth occasion
to steins-heals OOPS es that rivers An account of the toeotooeoti when be had been Called on officially to repeat the ar-
expenditure of; alt the other :light-bows ,in Scotland, with the guments with which he had combated the-proposition
austarm of duties .charged upon shipping.
they had just heard. On a later occasion the arguments
. t...ptain'WEILISS thought that the Northern Lights were a
model for tbo'vesole.wrield. and infinitely superior to the Eddy. of the Right Hon. Baronet had been examined and an•
stone Light-hover. width, though it occasioned a greaser expense swe ed by the legal acumen and impressive eloquence
than the former, WAS.aleye like a lobster pot than any thing shoo— o 1 r his
Right Hon. Friend the Attorney-General for Ire-
(A laugh.) land, so copiously and satisfactorily, that he might al.
After a few words from Mr. Hume, the Returns were ordered.
• bird FOLKS.f6NR presented a Petition from 'totality, pray. most be excused it he contented himself with resting the
ing for a repeal ofthose Laweprohihiting the Importaden of Foreign merits of the question on a reference to the discussion of
Corn. The Noltfetiitd- made some observations WI the state of that night. It would be found that the first fruits in
the trade' and the pnsbable Manner in which the proposed change . •
of . ..
in the lianking Pesten, would" affect it. ' ' ' the times the ropes, who then possessed this ecclesi-
air. P. 6 IiEN SELL thought the povivik measure. with re asticalisicome, were never taken at any thing like, or
*pen. to -the irsoicef IL notes, would immi fileeffect of rendering dear to their teal value. The point had been settled
forgery more general Since this issue ceased before, few conic- both by the 26th and 28th of Henry VIII. as to the
titans bad taker ritace, because the Country Bankers had adopted a low . c
rase of composition to be taken under the sane-
species of engraving Minch remitted them difficult of imitation. lie
hoped at, krai„int isesue immure. mew be taken au ems., a gman tion of an Act of Parliament, which was enforced
ditbouhy.in Ow present instance. ',-, - • . through the medium of a permission consisting of
Ahem a few. words feast Mr. Wiwi; the then Master of the Rolls and other legal au-
Iri. IRVING said;it was extraordinary that the Bank of Eng- tho *ties subsequently appointed by that King.—
someland N werhe most easily mutated of all others. He hoped "
step would be token to prevent ibis great evil One question he believed it would be comparatively
air. 11. 1)110 \1 MON I) said, the facility was in a great measure easy to settle, namely, whether the expenses of building
occasiostod:be theereat extent at the Bank circulation. a Church, when a Cburch became necessary, were to
~Ailit •11•44rICJie floated the notoriety of the fact, that it was ha- be defrayed at the expense of the Clergy themselves,
tosointomapreveritimitation, weals* toduce the Bank to abandon
particularly as the Church was in many instances liable
*•
.ial hear small tames. . n.O-
Air ImW,,IIIAMXY said, ,tise difficulty of-forging Country in its income to several feudal claims from the head
le
Rank
.'utes was aided by the outoriuty 4 the banker's band-vrtithig landowners. The charge on the English annates was
in itie dirariet, „lie thought-the cermet ofesoiuisig. was signore pm- one-tenth of the value, and the Irish annates were taken
bable consequence of the chatsge intended- at only one-twentieth. Indeed thetre were poli ical tea-
, ..gr.Secretary.PEEL said mat till the issue of Nye
sons ohy the incomes of the Irish Clergy should be
one pound notes a lair trial tad been given to the law
toultla testi.* Within the last four years the nunibei suffered to remain higher than t.ose of other Clergy-
of executions for forgery bore no proportion to those or men of equal rank in this kingdom. The Sees of Sr.
Ataph and of Chester were, it was true, the smallest in
thh preettaipg retied: rFflßktik a ele entitled to every.
value tat the English Bishopricks, yet the equality as to'
ci edit.- 'A 'Duettist, ;Who atria is*Meinba r of the House.
had stated; the othet night, their liability to urinates was so far from being esta-
ettotrat an expense of seventy
bushed, that Chester paid. double its fair proportion.
or eighty thotisatal pounds bad been incurred by the
Bark in Order to prevent the-possibility of forgery. It was indeed He never would admit that Parliament should or ought,
pecnliarly their interest to adopt' every precautioa. To make IC to ptiaitorotte that Cho :cites were built for the benefit
man . completely irdmitOle was of coarse ant at the question; bet of the C ergy : they were built for purposes of general'
be wished obstructions to be thrown in the way or imitatius. instruction au.' public advantage, and should therefore
Mr. 3. ShIITH said that the Bank would most willinely on-
prod the circelation of one petard netts. - ' be supported by the people at large. As well might
Mr. W. SMI'T'H observed, the question was not theAtight Honourable Baronet tell hint that the Public
whether the B ak• could ascertait a genuine note or Officers of the Crown should build the great offices in
not, but how the public might be seemed against ft And. this city, or that the vilifiers should build their owi
A priva e mark might serve the purposes of the Back ; barracks. He should oppose the motion of the Right
but the giund point was, that every common person flon..Bssonet, let it assume what shape- it might, mote
might have some mask whereby to distinguish a Rood particularly as he was conscious that the effect of such
ti OM A bad some. ;Cowes thiewas an object wholly eisastaisable, a string 1.1 inculpatory Resolutions would 'end to lessen,
10 thought iiiat ibe, beataniata ought to be emollient so execute the in Tito public mind), that confidence in the Clergy which
Rink plate. At presto!, any engraver's apprentice bad sufficient was so essentiAi to
the due periormance of their ditty,
.101 l to intiMie Both tautest. and calculated to circurtascrite ;heir
icomlorts, lessen
Mr. A IiERCIIONIBY said, that the system of note
athility,
uaii and impofverivh ecc .la t. l persons, not ca-
ttail/cry Was rittitedi wlth 'the itidiosavein held out by die eircula-
cc their r"P":x
thpiwuct even tins Inc
ntsubrinurlstAio
nthle small brings, a.. 1 the whole
tion of one pound notes; and *hen the targets had their hands
once in.-they prtieeesle4 to imitate .5L notes.
Mr. Secretary PEEL admitted that the imitation of 11. oeiss'' ;
.1,11.. Ali.;. KICE complained of the mode of argutftea
ultimately led to that of the V. mates. • taken uji by the opposers of the motion, and observed, that, in re..
Time Petition WAS thin 'SNOW .to he Frin'e'll* • ' 'wenty tenebat were called the usurpations of the older aloes, s‘
Mr. BA 'RING' al fopst4,l„ns. of the number a. i.e.lse notice was taken of the it•lreparians by the Mtn of those divisitior
titinda truporsed;;Nsa ae.4ol,,i,sed within the iouttanfilie Seot•ine:ie :et the. W 1441040 werstappropriated to the building madsepalrub
C.ntiptifl- Miter. '. ' . . the, 4:4n/clips, 43.1 Ow tactic stuhiscrAusci of the Cteegy: • •
I'h: VlAit 0 AtlttlC AIM i.f . 8 cali ;beg -ia Willie s:ase iAlr. DAW*ON said that the p i °position ao t'-e R ght.
. ~.. .
at).‘o rommaist3cuthtivi was a disairaci. tie tia country; flu;;. Wooer is as equally opposed by law aid iiiattpi•
,• .. 1:i• • - • '

He hadyread the statutes over, .pd he did not presume
upon giving a competer.t opinion, but it appeared to
him that they bore no: construction like that put upOn
'Wens' by the Right lion. Bartiatet. It was never the
intends* of the Legidature to Impose frequent value.
dons of livings upon the Clergy. There had in fact
been no more than four valuations of livings from the
,time of Henry VIII. down to this hour;-and all those
'valua:ions weie,of livings which had never been valued
before. Th- commission in the time of James I. con-
tained positive directions not to touch the living} which
were valued before, and not to go beyond a just valua-
tion of any livings. Time was no quetion but that the
right to the first fruits was the settled possession of the
Crown, and being then so settled, it was equally plain
from those instructions, th .t the King only wished to
have the sums fixed which were to be paid into the
Exchequer, and that those u ere to be the sums to be
paid in from that time for ever after. Moreover, a great
portion of the livings at the time of the valuations taken'
under gieen Elizabeth were under 61. value, and those
were excepted by law Irons valuation. The proposition
was founded on injustice. But if it had justice on its
side, it must be as applicable to the property of the
English as of thy Irish Church. There was nothing in the question
of the fist fruits of one Church which was not as applicabk to the
firot fruits of the other. He could see no 'coon why the first
fruits of Abbles and Monasteries should not be resumed for the
building and repair of Churches, it the remaining Church property
were to be taxed to so considerable an amount tor that purpose.
After few remarks front Mr. LOCINAIt; Mr. MIME. and Sir
It. haus,

'the south side of St. bLitin's Church, arid 'di? 11
would run diagonally into the Strand. But this
would not be all. The means would likewise exist
,uf forming another street from Leicesteriqumei
by Hemmings-row and Chandos-stteet. which would
fall into the Strand by Bedford-street. This would he
the least wide of the three eommunicatious, but still it

Sit JOHN NEWPORT said, he was not to he driven
from his purpose by taunts fr..m Hen. Gentlemen op-
posite. It WAS true he had brought the subject before
the House many times, arid he begged distinctly to say,
that he should con inue again and again to do so, until
he had effected his object.
The question was then pat, and the House divided—Foe the
motion, 21 ; Against it, 45 ; Majority against the motion, 27.

COLONIAL SLAVERY.

Mr. HUME brought forward his 'notion fur copies of the
Minutes of Evidence taken by the Committee appointed by the
Governor sad Council of Trinidad to inquire into the state of the
Free Africans in that Island."'

Mr. W 1 Lkl OT. II 0 wroN was desirous that the House should
have the fullest information regarding the piuestion of Colonial
Slavery. The evidence, however, for whiclithe Hon. Gentleman
had moved, was so mixed up with anothtr mass of evidence rela-
tive to the effect produced by the Order in Council, that he
doubted whether its production would be satisfactory. A Com-
missioa appointed by the Crown was at this time on the point of
returning to Trinidad, for the express purpose of collecting the
materials of such a Report as the Hoe. Gentleman desired. He
pledged himself that that Report should be laid before the House
as soon as possible after it had been received by Government.
Dlr. HUME consented to withdraw his potion, observing that
he relied upon the statement of the Secretary for the Colonial De-
pertinent as to bringing forward the required information almost
immediately.—The motion was then withdrawn.
Hr. HUMS then moved an address to his Majesty, for returns
of the number of liberated Africans in Sierra Leone and Trinidad,
containing accounts of the average and totalespease, &c. &c. of the
Free Negroes in Sierra Leone.
Mr. W. HORTON replied that a Commission was now investi-
gating this subject, who would make a report ioduive of the returns
of the Hon. Member.

Mr. HUM E then withdrew his motion.

Mr. HUNS then moved for Copies of all the Correspondence
that bad taken place between the Governor and Coundi of Trinidad
and bin Majesty's Government, relative to the state of Slavery in
that island, and the effects produced by the Order is CouneiL
Mr. WILMOT-HORTON said, the depsetemeot to whisk be
belonged would have no objection to granting WIT Reeds lamer
don that might be required, but they were edema whaling in
generalities. Too much caution amid eat be showed by these In
this country who, on this subject, have an Mame over leek
opinion, in abstaining from all eiederatekstateeseets. -
Mr. GORDON said. that, at a Meeting of the And Slavery Bo-
dein an Individual of high rank and Wawa= bad said that se time
was to be lost, and that Dodder was mare desirable than that,
during the lifetime of the great Patron of the Abolition, the late
Member for Bramber (Mr. Wilberforce). that important work
should bccompkted. New be wen* ask any man what else did
this mean than an immediate abolition? (a laugh).
Mr. BLAIR complained, that attempts had been made to excite
feelings against slavery by unnecessary exaggerations.
The Resolution was then agreed to.
IMPROVILAISIITII AT CHARING.CIIO3S.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT said, in rising to move for leave
to bring in a Bill, for improving Charing-cross and the
neighbourhood, it might not be unimportant to state to
the House that the plats of the intended improvements,
was sanctioned by a Gentleman, who bad carried on
that magnificent street which extended from the Re-
gent's Park to Pall Mall—he meant Mr. Nash, to-whom
too muck praise could not be given. He was aware
how difficult it would be for any person, without the
assistance of maps and plans, to give an accurate de-
scription of the objects intended to be carried into effect
by the Bill which he intended to submit to the consi-
deration of the House, and he should therefore claim
their indulgence whihit he attempted to detail those
objects. In the first place it was intended to ask po4ter
to purchase all that tract of buildings between the Mews
at Charing-cross, and also all .that tract of buildings
bounded on the west by St. Martin's Church, on the
north by Chandos-street, on the south by the Strand,
and on the east by Bedford-street, for the purpcse
of embellishing the metropolis, and of making a
better commuuication than existed at present from
the west to the east end of the town—(Hear, hear). On
the site thus purchased, k was coutemplased that a large
splendid quadrangle should be erected, she west side of
which would be Earthed by the College of Physicians
and the Union Club House ; the east side would cone-
sprild with that already existing—namely, the grand
portico of St. Martin's Church ; and on the northern
side, a new line of building would be erected ; the
effect of which arrangement would be to throw open to
those in Pall Mall a foil view of the magnificent por-
tico of the Church—(Hear). He could certainly wish
that this quadrangle should contain a National Gallery
for our national paintings and statues, which would thus
'be much more easy ut access than at the Museum,
whilst, at the same time, they might remain *under the
' goardianship• of the. Trustees of the British Museum—
(Hear). k :was also in contemplation that a Royal
Academy should be built in the centre of the qua-
drangle, although some were of opinion that it would
be preferable to leave it an open space. It would, of
course, be open to PM liament-street and -White Hall.
It would be. 500 feet in width (rum east to west, and
equal Intension: from.the statue to the stables. Should
Use project be accomplished, means would exist of
widening the Strand from thirty-five feet, which it is at
present. to nearly sixty-one fret, and the additional
width would continue all the way up to Bedford-street,
and those who know the difficulties in that spot which
must be eucoutreted by 41 persons drawn-there either
uy business or pleasure could best appreciate the ad-
vantage of inipioving this channel of communication.
Any one who hid attended to these difficulties must
have observed, that ali carriages, coming from Picca-
dilly and di ,t disection are obliged to come down to
that narrow gut in the Strand, it he might so term it
the COU Aqu.oce of winch was incessant stoppages.—
His proposal then was, that an additional carriage
May aboutsl be f rased across the upper part of the
istopt.sed Quadrangle. ;mu the weet,t4) be formed * n

would give a great additional convenience,• and ky
taking off part of the throng of carriages that would
otherwise have access to the Strand only by Charing-
cross, u mild very much relieve that part from the
crowd which daily pressed along it. Thus there would
be three carriage entrances from the western parts of
' the metropolis into the S:rand. That from Leicester-
square, by Hemming's-row and Chandos-streete falling
in near Bedford-street—that by the south-west side rd
St. Martin's Chutch—and that along the widened coil
of the Strand itself. These would not only pitiduce
a great benefit to the metropolis in the way of
free communication from one end to the o her, but
would also have the advantage of getting - rid if
a vast number of bad and unsightly houses, which
were at present crowded together in the _vicinity
St. Afartirr's Church, which would add very con-
siderably to the beauty of that part of the metropolis.
He would now say a word as to the exprnse which
would be incurred by those improvements; and no doubt
it would be satisfactory to the House to leash, that inks
the building of a Royal Academy or National G 'Herr
in the site to which he had already alluded should be
determined on (in which case it would be necessary to
come to the House for a grant). he should not have ti.
apply to the House for a shilling, lie would not at
that moment enter into the de:ails of the means by which
it was intended to carry these plans into effect. It
would be sufficient to state generally, that by the ex-
change of Crown lands in some instaixes, and the ;ale
of them in others, the department with whit!) he was
connected would be enabled to meet the greaterl part
of the expense. It would, however, be necessary, should
the House approve of his pl in, that in the Bill
which he would introduce, powers should be, gieeit
to borrow a sum of money on mortgage of a part
of the new street; but this, it should be observed,
would be only a continuation of an Act already passed
for the etection of the buildings in Regent-street
It was, he thought, highly desirable to get 'id, of the
unsightly appearance which would be presented by al-
lowing some of the houses in the neighbourhocd of
Charing-cross to remain as they now stood. If the
House should disapprove of carrying the alterations to
the extent that he had proposed, why then it. would be
necessary to have the intended quadrangle on a much
smaller scale. He thought, however, that such an op-
portunity as the present ought not to be lost, for such
another might never present itself of making those de-
sirable improvements. Looking to the probable result
of this plan, the House, in order to form its judgment,
might be glad to learn what was thesresult, as to ex-
pense, of the building of Regent-street. That, it should
be remembered, was undertaken in a time of v. sr, and
such as it was, he did not believe that it was regretted
by one man in the country. Taking the expense of that,
and the opening to the Regent's Park, in the purcha,e-
of good-will of premises, and in the awards given by
juries, the result was, that while a ;peat part of the
Crown land was improved and an interest created which
did not exist before, the interest :on the whole of the
sum' laid oat produced within a fractions -of 3 per cent.
He did not say that the expense of ;be improvements
now proposed would be as great, but for the space to %e
acquired they Weald be -comparatively . greater; and
making allowance for unproductive space, he did er-
pect that an interest of 21 per cent.- would be returned
on the money expended. • This, cothidering the
great advantage to be derived from the mote. open
communication between the two quarters of the
metropolis, and the splendour of forming such a
magnificent quadrangle, would betlair return. But
the ornament of the
.gpaposee'qtiadrangle would
not be its only advantage.. The leaving such an open
space in a neighbouthood so thickly-'surrounded with
buildings, would be a great benefit in contributing to
the health of the inhabitants of the vicinity. He would
now move that the Bill should be read a first time that
night, and a second time tosmoriow ; and that it should
be priatedi and afterwards referred to a Committee. up
stairs, to examine the plan, and report whether it could
conveniently be carried into effect. The Hon. MeMber
concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bilt as Ti
extend to Charing Cross, and other places adjacent.: the
provisions of an Act for opening a mote convenient ,commamicatien
between the east and west rude of the meteopolis, and eriahllng
the CoM missioaas of Land Revenue to sell and grant kasea of
Crown Lands."
Sir M. W. RIDLEY suggested the 'proptiety of im-
proving the Strand near Exeter Change. It was ab-
solutely necessary that in such a thoroughfare the street
should be .much wider. The Hon. Gentleman then
alluded to a recent occurrence at the itlemtgerie, which
placed in jeopardy the lives of the people in the neigh •
bourhood. Situated as it was at present, it was a
nuisance, and although it might be uorthy, abstiact-
edly, of public encouragement, yet it should be kept in
some place where the possible occurrence of danger
aright be lessened as far as possble. The Right Hon.
Member next alluded to a letter which had appeared hi she Mow
relative to the Regent's Park, which it stated was shut up front
she public. This might be very proper if any mischief could be
apprehended at present to the young trees; bet when that danger
ceased he hoped the pais& would be 'admitted.-
Mr. ARBU THNOT said, Exeter Change way the
private property of Lord Exeter, and hehad heard that
it was the intention of Lord Exeter to improve it t if he
ceuldbe instrumental in inducing him to do so. he Ihoald
feel most happy. The letter to which his Hon. Friend
alluded had misled him with respect to the valueof the
herbage, which it estimated all 001. per annum, whereas
it really returned 1,3001. per annum. It was, he ad-
mitted, the duty of Government to attend to the accom-
modation of the people; but this year the park must
sustain inevitable injury should the public be admitted.
As soon, however, as the additional accommodation
could be afforded to the public without the hazard of
injury, he could assure the Hon. Gentleman it should
be attended to. While upon this subject he would joist
advert to the additional accommodation which had
been afforded to the public in Hyde Park by the express command
of his Majesty.
Mr. HUMR had no objection to all this lithe public were sot to
be called upon to pay the, money. (A. (ash.) Instead of bur-
rowing money upon mortgage, he damage* It ',Aid be much better
to sell the Crown lands. !

Sri C. COLE at the same time that he bore testioloily
to the splendid improvements in Regent-street. could not avoid
agreeing with the' Hes. Baronet is bis reniarks respeiting Exeter
'Change; he duti=ht the removal of this indium* might be eittete4
without much &Acuity. by making an sclerae conmoTata us
those parties whose interests might be stetted brit.
Leave was then gives to Wing be the lb&

.1,6'

IMPORT Of CtibIIIITTV4„4 011,4111 b;..:.
Mr. BROG °RN brought up the ltet.). t ut she,
the I7th of Marc`
