.

•••

Borough Proprietors in the House of
the contrary, he telt himself bound to
kind of opposition to their system.of cr
usurpation ; and he should consider hii
'to the People and to the'Constituticn,
coieirrtit this iiet isrfri4iion against the
mongers of the House of Commons! (Loud
It was true, the Boroughmongers has
length of declaring that the act in question
of high treason; but they went very near it.
pelt him in mind of certain insects, who had feelers,
‘t it!) which they groped their way before they touched
any thing--(Loud laughter). These Boroughmongers
wanted to try how far they could go ; but he hoped
the People of England would frustrate their attempts;
and if these new laws were to pass, to use,all the
means in their power to alter them, and to get their
Constitution back again. But whatever event took
place, he assured them that be should at alltimes use
every effort in his power to recover for the People'
their violated rights, and restore the Constitution to
- its formerlealth and vigour! (Loud cria of Bravo!
• Bravo! Noble Patriot ! 4c.) a •
r 4:
Mr. LAMB said, it was the highest g a 440,14 ini.
..hitp to meet his Constituents on this occasion, al-
tbough he was depressed with the melancholy reflec-
tion that it might' be.the last time he should see them
I,teCted together for the maintainance of their
rights--(Aetses). His feelingi, however, were,
warm in their cause,. and that was„Ai* Only warm
thing to be found there that sley--rrfArtioxperson
rovor
seemed to feel the severe cold wind„• blew
from the Easta—DetestableAO wipe the 'manures
which they then met to oppose, they were not more
detestable than those events which had given rise to
,them. All that was now going forward in Parlia-
ment had proceeded from the late outrages at Man-
,chyster, by which the Ministers, after having refused
tggmake any inquiry, now tried to whitewash them-
itlves for the share they took in sanctioning those
'proceedings. But by their very refusal to enter
.into an inquiry, they stood fuUy convicted in the'
face of the country—(Lend shouts of OplintijO).--.
The reason why they refused an inquiry was obvi-.
ous ; the Ministers knew very well that an inquiry
would not lead to their justification—(" .Vtry tnse.")
The only justification they could make, was that of
their sympathizing with the Magistrates when a Re-
verend Gentleman, one of their body, had come tap
as a courier from anchester, and informed Minis-
ters, that he and all his brother Magistrates were
'frightened ; and that because they were frightened,
they had ordered the military to attack the people.—
. And he asked if Ministers, who could give way to
such an alarm as this, were fit to hold their situa-
tions?—After the eloquent and impressive; speech of
-his Honourable colleague (Sir F. Burdett); he should
oot enter at any length into the Bills that were then
before Parliament. He could not, however, help adr
'terting to' the reasons that were given in defence of
the, Seditious Meetings Bill. It was said, that it
Would limit the number of persons attending at Pub.
lie Meetings, and give rise to a free discusnon,. Yes,
jt would do so in the same manner as if they were te
put a gag in a man's mouth, and then tell, him,
You are at liberty to say what you please r Hussy
Attempted to say, that in large Meeungsthe peace was
in danger of being broken, let them came to the pre-
sent Meeting, and try if it was a place where the peace
was liable to be broken. if in so large and numerous
a Meeting as he then addressed they found the ut"
most order and tranquillity prevail, let them. desist
from stigmatizing such Meetings with the names ,of
seilitious and disorderly. With regard to prosecur
'ions far libels, it was said by Ministers wad their ad.
erents, that they could not prosecute in tlwordinary
way, because Mr. Hone had been acquitted by a
Jury. Was the country come to this, that if *Jury;
pf twelve Englishmen acquitted a man ch. rpd
..libel, it was necessary to:alter the I.lw oft e land?'
ot so). For his own part, if he thought Ma Hone'
d such blasphemous views as those which had been!
j
imputed to him, he (Mr. Lamb) would be the last.
Ain to acquit him; but a mere parody en the Bibbk
was no more an abuse of that book than a parody on
ifibakspeare tended to throw contempt an the genius
pf err immortal Bard. In short, the publication, of
Mr. Hone was no snore than a political squib, which
weir-altogether innocent and justifiable. He assured'
;he Meeting, he did not despair of obtaining redress•
wnetrelief for the People--(Braga! BrovA!) ; Every.
.thing depended on the exertions of the People, I"
swiss in consequence of the People having raised their
aroice against the suspension of the Hat Corpw
:Act, about two years ago. that that Act la
' ,suspended; and if the present Bills passed,
the voice of the People would be raised •
,with equal success—(Applause).
Mr. Hoinousa now came forward
:applauses. Ha expressed satisfaction •
der which prevailed throughout the
which would give the lie to their enemies
.was happy to find this to be the case,
•bably the last time they would ever '
malty of meeting for the purpose of V
'rights. They did not come there L.
• thing new, hut to retain the rights which
possessed. The Solicitor General had
sword was drawn against the Government,
'-Ministers were the parties who had drawn
against the, People. But that Learned
,bad 'a pen which' was sharper than Rays
,with that he hid marked out a shiegodsich
(ever be a monument of disgrace ,g 0 . lire
alie People were not to be, dietatedi
elawyers ; no guards or don eons
4410ci0-guards in longrobes-,(.Aught,' ,
' was sure the time would come wits
assistance of the People would produccits due effect.
jn one of the Resolutions which lin -
,particular wish wasexpeessed,thaLthe
_hail opposed these l3illsobootdiimease'
,passed into laws, with*** tbemsels
cirona Patliament. eensequeeciett
she, that the House of ,cownwins Ansid.cin
• _nothing more than a Chamber, for.
',Fanjets of the King. •It ;was nos hi.
Rarliament into contempt (triootes).
;it from •degradasion. 'Abatis, c
',speech with sanding the following Relointions, wi
he psopose4 for do mlopdoo of du 'o' -
1 Mat it La dr *wise oC€ this Marine,
• *rs .IMaimagPitycizeruete tnLair7 :sate
Mle
otterrences at nuo is highly luijOft
rade, sad evidently awalfeste a design on the -

i

monk Iw.
id mats
by 4ay of hi, al!! egiinst - a
of Eillish subjects. . . • , •
That
frtortals2irdspedannow prOPosedu
In title litiva, sorb
contrary to the free mirk of the Creakitkah 991114011Mr,Cita.
mon Law if the Mod. .!,
x. That theism now proposed to peurrA.prws :op.
lifir la called fogy by no established facts- Ind teitffs
OW general. fettatat aid otiosided alone. • •
L That the demands of the Perak of England for alehouse
the _Commons Manse of Parliament, which have alma, in
theopinion of t/ds Meeting, been the cause of, and die excuse
for, the proposed arbitrary measures, are Oa demands, and that
Without it due Reform in the. Commons Rouse, the proper con-
Aden', between the. governors and the *everted sever can be
restored. • •
9. That. a Petition, founded on the above Fe-,
red; aid that our' Representative, • Sir Francis •
tOPrestiat the SIMS to• the Houle of - • •
10..Tioushe 'thanks isf skis seslial-404ttr,
given, to the Miaorides in both }Josses of Parliament
whichare happy to observe the names of both the =i
we s;
for Westnlisuter), for titir. present opposition to the proposed
arbitrary mesiiree of the:Garszement.
.11. That notwithstasding_thlt Meeting is by no means un-
grateful for, or Insensible of the exertions made by those Mem-
bers of both Mamie whahaw=d the despotic
Bilis tozrzitirenrees, yet it chinks ittet4 y cabal Amon
to rec all those Members, in case the said Bills should
pass, to draw their attendance from Parliament—s measure
'which, in the opinion of this Meeting, will greatly tend to dissi-
pate all rental** deludes respecting the toostruction of the
Hasse of Cemmone, and else respecting any good to be derived
by the Public from any further efforts in that Marbly.
12. That this Meeting consider their Thanks, and these of the
whelesonntry, to be justly due, and their Thanks are hereby
cordially given, to Sir Francis Howlett, for his mealy and
constitutional speech upon the late Address, and that this Meet-
ing do regard the State Prosecution now pending over him as
another evidence of the vindictive and unconstitutional designs
*or Ministers; and consider that it shoUld be an additional motive
fee the attulamins bf the Electors of Westminiter to their wor.
y
th Reprosentadva
13. That the Thanks of this hiqedng be given to Amble'
Morris., En:.Highlailiff, for his readiness in•callhig the pressor
Meeting, and fbr hialtnpartial conduct lathe Chair fhb day. .
The Mon Bilt.itir now put,the Resolutions to the
sense of the 'Meeting.
Mr. Eltiacn said, it .would be pto.lair to put each.
Resolution separately.
This was done accordingly; and the first ten were
unanimously agreed to. On theileventli!Resolution
being read,
Lord !ALtnoarn came forward amidst the cbeera
of the multitude. He first said, that, as one of the
Members of the House of Commons who opposed the
obnoxious_ Bills, lee must express! his acknowledge-
Wients for the approbation given to their conduct.—
Hofelt happy in meeting the Electors of Westmin-
ster in this, because it would be.the last time of their
meeting—(No, too ! will used again). He feared it
would be the last time they could, have a right to
meet. The Resolution that was now. before the
Meeting was one which he could not stiprove
because he thought no Member of the House, bow.
trer unsuccessful his efforts !night be, ought to der
sect his peat.. Although They could alt influence the
House of Commotli,. they ought to stand fuinly to
their duty, because it would be the only place where
they could freely eve their opinions to the Public ;
and, by declaring their sentiments there, they would
declare them to the Public at large through the
Sewspapers—`Tie Palk eapressitiAki approinniOn
Vete Noble Loren antics 'by loidolsoorn). _ .
Mr. Srvacu said; he never would consent to :o
Resolution that went to advise the OppoSition Alem-
bics of Parliament to desert their yott- io. thellonae
a.Conimons. When the tame thing waidonenbont
gig years 'ago by Mi. Fox and his party,
afietive of great mischief. He, therefore, hoped this
Sesolittion would be withdrawn.
• 'The 'Resolution was accordingly withdrawn
ebe iceneral consent and approbation of all persons!
within bearing. ,
Ma DOUGLAS ICIIINAIRD reffWWited to pri)posei
the Vote of Thinks to 'Sic *cis' Buideti-,-(Loii4!
tplause)—a distinguished individual to whoar the'
rights of the People met with a giedfast,champion la?
the worst of times. " This' Honourable Baronet was'
soon to. be , braugbt to. trialfbr 'what was called a'
libel-4 thing undefined by the liii*the coliairys'
y

'AIRY PROOLOINGS.
Damon s.
presentee* Potting& from tie Proprietors
pr; ytmg fdy leave to amend the Act Ist-
Petition was onlartd te be it-
-
Presented a 11111121MitiLlitiOlght th• CAN
014-41elnimmito s atamidilsm
;ILp_ptm mwd a Petition tom the University
""awiad their

presented a Petition' hew the City of GlaS-
' light that City with Gas.—Referred so a
Lord GORE obtained leave to bring in a Bill to light. the
:Town of Wolveitampton with Gat.
Sir ROBERT PEEL brought in a pill to amend an Act et
4sit inks tato. Regulation of Cedar Factoriesr-Read the '
Altst,time•Mliturciered to be read the mead time on Friday.
Sir CHARLES BURRELL brought in a Bill to prevent
'Bribery and Corruption in the Borough of Penrhym—Read
the first time,and ordered to be read the *second time on Friday.
Colonel BARRY presented a,Petitien from the Right Wu.
A. Asnesky, commonly called Viscount Valentia, againgt•the
floury of the Honourable Doggies- , (or the Borough
Eilto
of Bishop's she,
Petition was to be ttken into
consideration -by l'Committee of the- 'on Tuesday, the
likt dap of January, MO. • .• . F'.V. :
A Message from the Lord* brim* illows the. Bill foe Pre-
venting Drillipg and Trainhig—and the Searching for Arrnrßill.
Mr. irwrrl'l,2.llAllVElf OM, that 'in consideration of
the importance of ;be diseusions teldel were to take place on
this side of Christmas; helttoitshtit tvetdd be advbeable to post-
pone his No*. 46, the *abject of the Cameilled Monica till
after the recess.
' ' Mr. CALLAGHAN maid for an Account of the quantity,
and real value, Mail aritisit goods imported Into Ireland, sub-
ject to the ed selorses duty of 10 percent. ender the nth Article
of the Act of Union ; and OA Woollen Manufactures imported ,
into Ireland, and known by the name of old and hew draperies,
together with the amouLt of ditty paid on the sane by virtue of
the said Act, in . each year, up is the sth Junior?, 1119. He
also shoved for the prositictien of similar Accounts of Irish
goods imported Into Sod, and for a Return of the number
of &WS at work is 11117, 1818, and iste,'specifyiat the con-
tents of the same, and the duty paid thereon in each year.
After a few words from the Charms:mom of the Evernbrera,
Mr. W. Passau, Mr. C. idercnusiorr, and Mr.l L. Fovea,
the Motion was agreed to.—Tbe Papers were then brought up
and ordered to be rimed.
MANCHESTER AFFAIR&
Sir.ROBERT WILSON said, he held.in his band'
a Petition from seven individuals who. were residents
of a town near Ashton-under-Line, in the County of
Lancaster, representing that they were present at the
Meeting held on'the 16th of August, at Manchester,
and that they were ready to depose that the Meeting
was dispersed by the Sangiiinary violence of the Yeo-
manry, and that the circumstances of that dispersion
were very materially misrepresented, in various pub-
lic documents. 'They imVmed 'the House that an
inquiry might take place before measures were passed
which would ultimately have the effect of converting
this country into eland of slavery and. blood. They
prayed that the House would. erne .to an Address-
to the Prince 'Regent, beseeching his 'Royal High-
ness that he would be pleased to discharge frszn bit'
tohfidence the present Ministers, and take to his
cowbells men of tried confidence and integrity, who
will be able to restore this unhappy country to its
former state of freedom and prosperity. The Ho-
neurable Member, in moving that the Petition.bo
laid on the table, expressed his concurrence in, the
prayer of the fetition.
Mr. EDWARDS begged to Call.tba attention of
the House to the language anclispirit of this Petition.
He thought it. contained a was", .libel en Tribu-
nalso, of the. country, atid,tiwit oil not to,
sanction such expressions-by. , 7tition to
vemairi on the_s_le. ~, „.,..„ . : „,„„.,.. •
..
The.SPEAKERtippe4 ilse , ~. siarld pardon
1
bit interfelenceinOntiertiW . , .therriding of
6b# Petition he had remark ' .11owipg •Wardi :
a Your Petitioned harp ipeultha )'' Views lend con=
duct :I *the.People have ~?stn gi4y.and owilfully
inisreigesentecl by speeches dehvere&an your Ho-
..tkintrable House.' Al' beionceived these words
would be' found to be an -ohjection to the Pstitkiii.
being received by the noose, be shbuld recomeefe4
thillionourable Member to withdraw it. , ' .'
"Aft& some farther conversation, '
Sir -ROBERT WILSON agreed to, WitharaW dip
Man, Which was accordingly done. • :, .. - •
Inn NW wpm, . , • • .
Lord SEFTON'. iaid he held in hie .., 41.. Taithioe'
from upwards Of 20C4liiersonsi re • .10“;iiiiitia
vicinitt of Liverpool, expreinnt WI" - - -
'the bew measures dow making prgitrisk, 1
meat. . They tonsitined these miliaria ,hi i 'evils'
*Waxier' of the most estimable ptifilelieteCEnglisli
lieb.—They.priyed thitthese destructive Bills sbonld
trot pass into laws. The Noble BIEL said the Fed:-
*oilers were Of a most respectable :red intelligent
• and' he blindly concurred it • - - L--- -

Lions, and against the introduction of the trot
lures. But, assuredly, it would not be said
Address to the Prince Regent, which was sir
privately, spoke the sense of the majority
g at particularly
aptiblic afteri
House would please to observe, that it was not si
by half the number of persons who signed the
thin then in the hands of the Noble Lord. Tile
of its having been- privately sent round the C.
shewed how little confidence the authors of it h
,htils:d refrained
justic f
justice
of
then
ic
owlittceanuse
din,
where they might have freely delivered theiro '
and ascertained how many would have coact..
them. It was remarkable that _those persons
now came forward so actively to oppose ts,,
should never have lfeen heard to oppose it trmi
moment of the meeting of Parliament ; and he
persons who learned with astonishment that
Gentlemen in that House had, since the ni ;
Parliament, objected to All inquiry into the
chester transactions.
Lord LOWTHER said, he was prepared
that the County Petition had been signed by alt
jority of the People. He had been Inforrr.d
was hawked about the County, from house to
to get signature, and that many of the ter,.k
had swelled the catalogue of signatures.
Mr. BROUGHAM said,• that the Noble
seemed to advereto the Cumberland Dec
'which wail not then tinder consideration. But
heard from the Noble Lord the statement int
fair sex hall swelled the Petitioa with n 4..,
assured the House that be should make every •
into the truth of it, observing, that at ps
could not believe it. The Noble Lord had re,
that the Petition was hawked about from it
house. He begged to know in what other way •
persons, anxieut to sign the Petition, obt.in ac..
it? But he should say, that if all the means
fluence used to obtain signatures to what was
the Loyal Address were known, there would
very different feeling from that which now p
as to the number of voluntary signatures. lie
beg to remark, in addition to What he had
stated, that an Ultra-loyal Address was first pr
through a private channel, but it was found to
unpalateable, that even those Gentlemen who
Connected with Government did, much to their
dit, interfere to suppress it, and institute an.
Mr. WALLACE said healt:was one of those s
been accessory to the substitution of an Adai•
that which the Honourable Member alluded to;
he wished it to be understood that he seas
duced so to do from any objection which he .
tamed to any parfof the original Address, but
the belief that there were expressions in it whicn
preclude those from signing it, who, at the same;
substantially concurred in its contents. With
to the modes'of ascertaining the sense of the C
upon a particular topic, he felt, for his pat,
there were cucumstances in which it might be
improper to call a County Meeting ; nor did be
there was arty reason to believe that persons a:
lie Meetings Were likely to give their deliberae
nions, influenced, as they .must be, by warm .•
and the tumultaoui manner is which their .
ings were conducted. He begged to obseire,
that the mode of ascertaining the sense of the(
by Peblio Meetings, was far less practicable dm
other mode, stalesely, by giving every man an
tunity of quietly and, dispassionately dcclann
opinioo ky his signature.
Mr: BROUGHAM was ready to admit, tbat
instances of prpeuting signatures to Petitions, by
vatsleitwats, were more numerous than those ot•
through the medium of Public Meetings: but ;
the Right Hamerable Gentleman must cen..
have meant to inchide those Instances which . ,
Cartivright 'brought about, and these tirder:.
were sufficiently numerous to turn the scale in fi
of the Right Heamsrable Gentleman's assertion.
Mr. J. 1L -G. GRAHAM could testify, t'ul
original-Address was hastily and precipitately -1
'einem, ft haling been found contrary to the se
is. nankeify of the Giptlemen of the County.
• •Tbe•Pedtion vie oretred to lie on the table.
• -'•-•

Lyral
—arter begged to put a question to
_....e Lord opposite, an the absence of the Sec
Ili War.. It appeared from a recent Proclanscia
e 'Prima lieges% that all who were in the
iof Military Pensions, should, before a certain
lhew thenilervos to the Medical
.Officers, or
their Peasions. Now he would put a rase—off
nap ble ease, but one which he feared "
7 ur. If the men who enlisted them
Mr. Wyndham 's Act, might have re,
consequence Tight have been l
to know by what right, 41'1
men were to be derfilld
STLEREAGH referred the Noble'

iar.
observed, that Pensions being a
bounty, the Royal personage vl
right to grant them wild
exercise of that right, his RI
Regent bad been please 4
to the continuance of
veceived them, should appear g

read two of the. Clauses cfl
which he said provided, (1 01,
time of passing it, when 60'
were in any event, not to be g
Pensions.
eRILLING PXZVENTION
&GU moved, thit this Bill

)RTLEY begged the serious mat
very important circuTo't
to his knowledge, which he
would agree with him in think
utmost coasequencg that this
hill expedition. An Honcura
recently declared his incredulity as.
that training and drilling were going
extent; in the County of Lanes
possession of documents which 01'1
• that the practice had spread
:, and that it was increasing the
• upon the subject which 6.,
arrived on Saturday. ()n
communication from a constal
that /* saw is a field, in the
nuwber of persons traini3;

A:

- . . .. ~...
!leff!S esty's.Kkolteees
law
_llokl,ll*.ks' aWagia• , "IlL94WEgrj
kw spollagir s
Cominons ; i..
A- _i,.: .• • • 21C.itTSZ OF CM
to spew eve?), h.ineresse of oiiitandMit ha 4.` 0: . ; CAtVERT present
corruption Fad er fae4 the Wink desigtt• . '-;....' . ttrarg.
lar Amen- ye Theatre* iii 2
)imself a trdier s nit t vunder praitesed for of
thread to a Committee.
if he did not I'llei, is also a Part of the aaille Ifttilt624.. sad 0 te 114 " that Theatre 'T
free. Constitution of these =IMO -. ~. - .-_.......,,
__
': the Borough; 4. That :the law now popoeed loom tor-zoorrty of the Mr. SHAW peammted a
of
giaIgew:VOISCII:B=
_...,-4- of Debtirs with Ows...4tis•
(Loud applause). Press is another pioof of the saved etiet. 001e206:.734- . mr
uniti.t, inintotins and a wombat •
_..., 4.444' • AI:
forFI Na LuitTtou
id not gone the anon- to else principieS and raf..tioss_of ~,thlstimmufrornuria
that the gost"' iagFaged la er=bl gn-4010k= t-.-- , i a Comrilittee.
aestion was, one
rutfavrs.i,ti. The)" 6. That tto low nova propeoedrfof thesnereldroteov
(priers. mr arms by Jac roc by .dightos also Whitt lb& ockttowleals.ll ..c
..
presence!ghti
Committee.

.
vrilig "nail their andif iviili; men could be feund to: toopemmt frmi
G.`• 1 7.
L___-• stoners were, of a most respectable . and ante* gent sup 'w:lic ram' oat (
; /se
' Habe" Cm'?" I-' " ' would be in. intisrhonedronspealtwg _
_i
pi
raanysd:. lelhaltilY concurred intheir sentiments 'likely to occur. If the
under Mr. Wyndham
Act was not now 5..w117 ._ 4. . 'ls._ .
It, class,
what was the ormon of . , 1- me ~ • AA%
passed, he 'Wed • The Ratohitiou as ' - vrithintlkusialtio 'limits
1 ' Mr. BIRCH bore tisti. tuonrto the respectability, wounds, and in consec
ised against them .. . .w . • • , . - • theintelligence, and the Constitutional to alt of the sinned off, he begged i
of applause.
-• ' • Petitioners.-Thi Petition was brought up and read, circuit %
loud Sir Fist tin. jrcer.al., fire
and amidst .
eiS. • ilttM, Affrril•wca. nr"sh-ilausil and ordered tO,D, prima. - their Pensions?
-1 ' knowl _
' . Lord CASTLERE)
d atilt soou or- ' • ' -' • ' ' **Nyack' 1100#121iti, .He 101; als *5117.010112L411411 PZTITION.
use Meetinig, ....,---I,_; AtilVe.m4iiry jeasYso•
very
,eoz wrunia•4ot in" more " Lord LOWTHER
•presented' a Petition from the to the Secretary
rra Wa
of then time. Noblemen,.tlergy, and Freeholders Of the County of Mr. BECK R ohs
le'' as
ic
was
PT°— Mejor CARTwitioNT .84411e4iftke :;.
~,, AN*. it il_, :P 7 ,fi .
rmealhaviese ;analauvp:: • .
.' • * '• ' l'''' .•
t' ' ' Westmoreland, ra in . that theHthoulse wouldctiionrs
ofe-
6efr, short time.. and' theft thentripinks
maintaining .iiii h- ,Bailiff fc.a. his • ess in.6ll4'*' •itiii ~
...--,41., e ,;:telluin'T intus.-ctitil.gust,an atury into
ir . The Noble Lord
ti. trtilnYteda them,
maintain an2i
to -ask for any .1 .thi • - the, hole -issvegiii .' , .. laid, he did ruit.think the Petition spo e the semi=
t s •MOM*I4,
.• is . cHoigndithnieotnss.t.beiliPrielnerecei
bich they already ...ied • • . -
coasts of about • 0 • 0v.7,000-
fir The Oild • the People of Westmoreland That who 'men' lad said, that the the • - •• • -consequence of a nu. es c ascertain, . .
drawn thorcwd. side Mit tan '
into greatest • ~. : , lit '— Ferrous,-nes—. ,; -,, menu of •themajetity of the County; and that, at make it a,con. condition to
the vonstatition was given time.
arossCht WIWI* • - fbarnr• - rushing Violently onityt .iffik teneraur °I. opini9n 'that - 'Lord IiMICENT re
MMUS sant 0 _
'7, ' . 'into the midst of the tin .in da-nger. 'fro!! -11,5• designs of the disaffected, and
wnelham,s
Bill,
whil
21444 Gith'lmulni headed by ii. Mini '• ' - alone pole With S. Ls/ • thft the)! were 411•410 or ,of coerciyholaaaates• Th Y
s apps nisi and onv;hicsi•iio ap_isioiseit. a: "(I...___,,h_ih As d,, and an'rn., oble LOT& no- ' 'ye' d 'at the Petition be brought
,11;p:. wahmoerpenlistedsioremat the. tie
1.141L-Wlacus:Ww'i " tipaiiii, if:pieta•e Of i deterMination to die rather
, • Mr. PROUG HAM the Motion, sad in c
rived
of
their pensioi
it. beleggedtenie toßentradict the statement p
tone helot, hairbiseri distidisedTioni Smithfield. Ai of The 'Roble rd, .
ecl* •11:47'410denirY.-1 t?alibe sieves'
-.lbis
wee.theleeae
flag IFlticil."lnfl 'Mill"'
ea
*to . Va. Airs Petitio- n- didunotespeiedk toretTnal.ettlAnsOTLAlßD PE!
I P44f. I& -4" as
soon as thil vigeSopa diSPlii,e. crArkeuihlent °L-nt the' sense of
the
4aatria.4 the
•Cau
she.r'Petie' begged read the first time.
iter owl 41/0/4".......it wn- in front .of:the buitTnies, thii. ivbigi 11- A leas* to remind ' e ctti:". tb:4.
:...villenilirlhedm...--",ir.et. iifth- voice, reprobated Eig' eiislideat., and innani iigned by about 30i 300boessepersofo;
iiis:rh
jonete.tror
atusro.covon.yrnattys.
efidthrea• 40atOrsomLE:
----'---- -"-- - - . h hi -aid thi. Alta' etith- aV' . 'of ot- c.ollectiull'
shoe toprepe,n.
removing
41'11'12.2g hire sea
anah....
tea.
sad ileitenHiel!by .T.c......, Eric
.. by calling sik-pubbe.meetiox_ tlf.- the which had just ciltne t
:44114inbarivh° the rislS eili6accompinied ite itakkeiler.: • rterirldtti, etc' a* C't)'t..llguliir Y •- '
I and n sure the Home wool
*awed:their Wag The ir Rai BAudtryho4iter; .none .e.te •
.. . tha.augh -the mectiasn bi• what was called the; . made' it of the
wut.uiro. 4
US *CI 1
0ne1114,47.0 411(44. wouiedierd =tied' glcii.ellti.for the 1114 s. titia ti , .n 4., 341 z— - .
thAr.lto......44o.adw.Ft.ail!!"?‘ ditering .!i .
and brousht about Member had recently
Onuldrin fetus* be AY .A4l` the. Meeting t° be 1141'10 a'. . rminthe'it eet;„,,,_- -.- i hatis"""'"--an copßortumt• t'rof'. -2- tes- s. -the facts that trainini
the the moment-atilt tbitbririluanon eras. known.: pi, ..,....,, 7410%;. -,• 4 Of •••-.:-,. -ey 'leaf& to a great este]
I'm' sgistaring 1 'inmedatel disperied in; einOst mg -"'"4 •'' ' • i•i . lin, . asc
. II . Npw he was in possess
44843.
his wish to bring Pe " Y .... ..- ,• - . • which wasot4t... ~ ' 1e... ttr".o4arivi ,upfrr.9. • . .. ye th
aeB). but to maple air -i•-The ruffian% abo* .
~
,„
.. At •. •;iiii, a „„,„„ti,,,,„,,, tre. _... :. fp iittoufactiltalf pro
of thi..trOSta viavreir 4 ipso,* was A • •.. • .
use concluded his ratd mthe — s ' • ••• - •• -- • = aqt gel se attetive ana 'A"' •
..,' •' I
•- • s 1' ' 'hi the COiltity Of fork,*
• a, sturbaoce, but veldteut•' ~ -•i. . • ' • ••the coo siusisul I' tosiiii •'` • * ,The first document
ege'ruittawing 44. w. tuth the lag win at level_ '-.7#4,14 Sias*... '. '.:• ...• : • . t.r.,,,e„.' ".• " , luvr•-'O, Ik' 7 • •le ti into his hand bad
to.' . 1 , hands,, s
40.1136 who • • . . - i,.,1. ' ....- • • , • • L..
I._
TW • ~..•Ti- .1.-.....• •a• 1:41/P •' • day hesonsieed. ice
se. ollettbe Waist to .....1...- a._ ,• , '.. .!;* 'r , t.., ilsi '° • /IT at 'Ramie p snednrel
antrlllo tbi r rizi. ....'...:,.,*„., ',lie -,i;s: ijaa . - A n ea:loot..land& • gibe
fiig y unjust iasi j
the necessity of inquiry into the Manchester traasac. crarty m um wilru, a
• the part of his Ms. • sot benOto to call him a Government spy' the i
••• , ,
• • •
. -
. ,
. .
• . ~
S • • .
• •
_.„• . . - .
___. . . __ _ • • --._ - . . .
