IRELAND.

COUNTY OF CAVAN PROTESTANT MEETING.
111014 Tilt WARDS&
The Protestant demonstrations which have so early,
steadily, and spiritedly taken place in that most excel-
lent Protestant county, Cavan, have all along excited
in us a paramount interest to those of any other part of
Ireland. In these latter struggles which the Constitu-
tion has had to make against the advances of Popery,
the county of Cavan has been distinguished, not only
for the zeal and consistency, but for the success with
which it has supported our venerated establishments in
Church and State. There, too, the light of the Re-
formation first broke forth, a light not yet stayed or
extinguished, despite of all the arts, menaces, and per-
secutions of Popery, but is still progressing, as is proved
by the fact of four men having publicly renounced the
errors of Popery in the Church of Ballinlough, county'
Roscommon, on Sunday last 1!
As connected with, and influencing the rest and
arduous crissis to which we have arrived—a crisis in
volving all that is dear to Freemen and to Chri.tians,
there has not been lately so important a Meeting as
that which took place in Cavan on Wednesday la-t.
There could not have been fewer in number than
twenty thomentul Protestants, of all ranks, present, as
very early in the proceedings the High Sheriff, Andrew
Bel), Esq. was obliged to adjourn from the Court-house
to the open square, where the business of the day was
carried on and concluded under the canopy of that
Heaven, from which, we trust, descended the inspira-
tion to the great national duty for which they were
assembled. It was a glorious sight, and the firm and
determined spirit evinced in "THE GOOD CAM," was
not deteriorated by an expression or act not in unison
with a strictly defensise exercise of their constitutional
rights, or displaying any want of kind and tolerant
(Milos towards their Roman Catholic fellow subjects.
Among the Gentlemen present we were only able
to notice—

The High Sheriff; Alexander Sanuderson, Esq. M.P. Colonel
Clements, J.P. James Saunderson, Esq. J. P. Rev. F. Saunderson,
J.P. John Hassard, Esq. J.P. Francis Haggard. Esq. J.P. Ralph
B. Clarke Esq. J. P. George M. Knipe, Esq. J.P. William Hum-
phreys. Esq. J. P.. John Gumley, Esq. J. P. Thos. Burrowes, Esq.
George Lestrange, Esq. John Mayne, Esq. Robert Saunderson,
Esq. John Dee, Esq. Thos. Finlay, Esq. Rev. Andrew M`Creight,
Rev. Mr. Dalton, Rev. F. Faris, Rev. M. G. Beresford, William
Ggb:sam, Req. J. P. James Berry, Esq. William Erskine, Esq.
Rev. Samuel Roberts, Maxwell Boyle, Esq. J.P. Carley Adams,
Esq. J.P. Charles J. Adams, Esq. J.P. Major Stafford, William
Burrowes, Esq. J.P. Richard Bell, Esq. J.P. Doctor Ley, Lieut.
J. Saunderson, R.N. Rev. Mr. Moore, Mich. Killington, Esq.
William Bell, Esq. Rev. John Hem. Rev. H. Cottingliam,
Francis Thompson, Esq. J. P. Edward Mayne, Esq. Andrew It.
Booth, Esq. George F. Booth, Esq. Walter Hinds, Esq. G. H.
Moore, Esq. John Riker, Esq. James Armstrong, Esq. Henry
Fitzpatrick, Esq. William Faris, Esq John Wilson, F.sq. William
Pollock, F.sq. John Thompson, Esq. Rev. Dlr. Hinds, Robert
Kellett, Esq. Anthony Gilroy, Esq.

. . .
The following Address to the King was unanimously
adopted by the Meeting :

TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.

We, your Majesty's most dutiful subjects; humbly beg leave to
approach your Throne, with every assurance of loyalty to your
person, submission to your Government, and attachment to the
Royal flouts of Brunswick. Firmly attached to those principles
which placed your Majesty's family upon the Throne of these
Realms, under whom Great Britain bat attained the summit of
national prosperity, we view with dismay the attempts made by the
Roman Catholic body to destroy or intrude upon the Protestant
purity of our Constitution. Placed as we are among members of
the Church of Rome, and having a frequent and uninterrupted in-
tercourse with them, we may, without presumption, arrogate to'
ourselves a knowledge of their feelings, opinions; and ultimate views,
and we must solemnly declare that they are hostile to British con-
nection, and that our own experience accords with the testimony of
history, In proving Popery to be a system of degrading slavery,
utterly inconsistent with, and materially hostile to, those principles
of freedom for which our forfathers bled, and which we regard as
our birthright and our glory.
Gratefully feeling as we do the blessings we enjoy under your
Majesty's Government, and convinced that the recorded opinions
of your Majesty's august, wise, and revered Father, are deeply
impressed in your Royal bosom, we feel every confidence that your
Majesty will exercise your Royal prerogative for the preservatiott
of our Constitution in Church and State as established at the glo-
rious Revolution of 1690.

We humbly submit to your Majesty, with the deepest regret,
that the Roman Catholics of Ireland have weakly submitted them-
selves to Me guidance of an illegal body, who disseminate among
them principles of hatred and discord, utterly opposed to the mild
recommendation of your Majesty's most gracious Letter, and highly
injurious to our peaceable intercourse with them, and prejudicial
to the proverity of the nation. We know that their existence is
beneficial to none, but injurious to all—and we trust to the wisdom
of your Majesty's Government far the suppression of this illegal
and seditious Society.

We dumbly beg leave to express our confidence in your Majesty's
attachments to our Protestant Establisbments—our reliance in your

protection—and our fervent wishes that your Majesty may long
sway the sceptre of these dominions, attended by every blessing
that health, peace, and national glory can bestow.

Colonel CLEMENT; being called to the Chair, and
thanks voted to the High Sheriff for his proper and
dignified conduct as President, the Meeting separated
in the most r rderly manner, alter the most tremendous
cheering, which lasted for some minutes.

DUBLIN, JANuAay 24.

The Association is actively employed in devising
plans for agitating with teduubled Vigour. Its re-
organisation is resolved on, and a new designation will
shortly he assumed, that of " The Genetal Association
of Ireland."

Mr. WYSE took occasion to observe, that in the event
of Mr. O'Connell's being sent bAck when attempting to
take his se4t in the House of Commons, they would, as
in the celebrated case of Wilke►, again and again re-
turn him.

Mr. O'CONNELL observed that this was a subject of
great public interest—(Hem): b. compliance with the
command conveyed to Will by his constituents, he was
induceJ to postpone his departure from the Ist to the
13th of February—(Hear).
The CHAIRMAN here begged to interrupt Mr.O'Con-
i.ell—he said it was not a command► but a recommen-
dation to this effect, which he had received from his
constituents.

Ms. OVONNILL replied, that to him their recom-
mendation of course must be equal to a command. He
certainly intended to obey the spirit of their resolution ;
but he should leave Dublin in time to be there before
the fourteen days should have elapsed. Mr. Wyse
laboured under one disadventage, that of not under-
, standing the law, which was involved in obscurity to
every person. He (Mr. O'Connell) was a lawyer of
considerable prat ice, and had been for many years
labouring and delving in his profession; his profes-
sional reputation wa. of impatience to him, and he
pledged himself 'het he was entitled to take the seat to
which the people had elected him. The LeaVned Gen.
tlem .n then went into an•explanation of the law asap •
plicable to the subject, and concluded by saying that
the Gentlemen who intended to accompany the Member
for Clare would leave Ireland so as to be in London on
or before the 15th of Felnua y.

Several- Noblemen and Gentlemen, volunteered to as
company the Learned Gentleman.
Mr. O'ContraLL reid a Report from the Committee,
stating that there had been sent 1,610 copier. of Petitions
to the House of Lords; the same to the House ol Corn
mons; ruled sheets for petitions, 3,502; and printed ctr-
culsrs to the amount of 2,0:X0.
Mr. O'CoNNrLL—The melancholy intelligence of
the appointment of the Duke of Northumberland has
reached town. His Grace affected at one tme to be a
Whig, but he was never found in later years out of the
ranks of those who were opposed to us. This much 1
feel it my duty to say ; it was a most melancholy choice
the Duke of Wellington had made; and amongst the
whole English Nobility who were adverse to them, a
worse selection could not possibly be made than the
Duke of Northumberland. I don't say the Duke of
Northumberland is either a knave or a tool, but I will
tell my country to expect nothing from him, for Ire will
not be here one week till he falls in the hands of the
Orange faction. Full of wealth—proud—haughty,
affecting to be a Percy; he has not the manliness or
the heart to get out of the fangs of the enemy—and
Peel himself could not hit on a man who cculd Le more
injurious to the interests of Ireland.
The Duke of Northumberland's arrival may be ex-
pected ab,rut the 22J or 23J of February. A member
of his Grace's household will arrive in Dublin early in
the next week to c-•nfer with the Commissioners of the
Board of Works, and to make the suitable arrangements
at the Castle and Park for his Grace's reception.
