The following Decree was issued on the 9th:

" Having resolved, by my Decree of the 7th of this month, to
swear to the Constitution published at Cadiz py the General
and Extraordinary Cartes, in 1812, I have resolved to take
this oath provisionally in the hands of a temporary Junta, until
the Cortes, whose convocation I have ordained, ►hall assemble.
" The individuals who thall form this Junta, are,
" The Most Reverend Cardinal de Bourbon Archbishop of
Toledo, President.;
" Lieutenant-General D. Francisco Ballasterns, Vice-Pre-
sident ;

" The Reverend the Risher of Valladolid;
" DD. Manuel Abady Quiero ;
" Manuel Lanlizabal;
" Alatteo Valdemoros;
" Vincent* Sancho, Colonel of Engineers;
" Count de Taboada;
" Francisco Crespo de Tejadi;

" Bernardo Tarrien ;
" Ignacio Pezuela.
" All measures emanating from the Government, until the
Constitutional Installation of the Cortes, sha:l be previously
discussed in this Junta, and published with its concurrence.
" Done at the 'Wail, this 9th of March, 1320.
" I, 71111 Kis*."
The Moniteur publishes also the following notice,
transmitted to it by the Spanish Ambassador :
r "His Catholic Majesty having issued, en the ath of this
month, a Decree, according to which, all Spaniards who may
be absent from the Kingdom on account of political opinions,
may return to their homes. The Duke de Penns Nunez,
Ambassador from his Catholic Majesty to his most Christian
Majesty. has the honour to acquaint all Spaniardi comprehended
in this Decree, who may be now in France, that be has orders
to deliver to them the necessary passports. He invites them,
therefore, to apply at Paris, at the Hotel of the Embassy," &c.
A minor Journal mentions, that in the Madrid
Gazette of the 9th, the imprint 64 National Press,"
has been substituted for " Royal Press."
Letters are quoted from Bayonne, which state,
that General FREYRE has received orders to repair
with the army under his orders, to Madrid.
The following is an extract from a private letter
in the Canstitutionnel, dated the 9th of March :

" The Provisional Government is organized, and
the Constitution is in full vigour. Cardinal Bova-
BON, who has been made President of the Junta,
is dear to the Constitutionalists. He was a Mem-
ber of the Regency in 1814, and of the Deputa-
tion which went to Valencia to receive the oath
of fidelity from the King to the Constitution. Since
that period he has been constantly in disgrace.
" M. BALLASTEROS made himself illustrious by his
opposition to the nomination of the Dake of Wm.-
LINGTON to be Generalissimo, and by his brilliant
military services. He was at Valladolid in a state
of exile. The Bishop of Valladolid is a very en-
lightened man. He was at one time Minister, but
only for a day. The other persons who- compose
the Junta are more known for their liberal ideas
than for their anterior dignities. CRESPO DE TAJADA
belongs to the first class of merchants."

This morning we received New York Papers to
the 26th of February, from which we give some
short extracts. They are of importance, as affecting
a great question of public right. The question of the
admission of Missouri, as a separate State; into the
Union, had occupied the House of Representatives
for nineteen days. One great cause of this discus-
sion occupying so much time was the question of
Sla • ery. The Congress have resolved, that in that part
of Louisiana which was ceded to the United States
by France, excepting that part of it included in the,
new State of Missouri, slavery shall be prohibited.'
We are sorry at the exception, but in this enact-
ment there is an acknowledgment of the evil of
slavery ; and we may hope that through time, the
United States will get entirely rid of a flagrant vio-
lation of the rights of humanity, which is a disgrace
to all the Southern States.

PROCEEDINGS IN CONGRESS.
(From the Papers of February 21 )

The Senate, on Thursday, terminated its debate,
at least for the present, on the celebrated Missouri
question. A motion to add the following clause was
carried:
" And be it further enacted, that in all that territory ceded
by France to the United States under the name of Louisiana,
excepting only such part thereof as is included within the limits
of the State contemplated by this Act, Slavery and involuntary
Servitude, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby,
for ever prohibited."

FROM THE SOUTH SEAS.
Ow YHEE.—The death of the King of the Sandwich
Islands is confirmed. This event has occasioned so
much dissention among his successors and officers,
as to threaten a revolution and civil war. The old
King left upwards of 150,000 dollars in specie.
