Pi k :SN-tillTP,
-.;adepol— •
This rooming hit Majesty's ship Briton, Captain tiai,
w. goaDow, was towed oat of harbour by a stilt; eess/l, and sailed kr Plymouth; her destination it itoi
publicly known, but it is reported that the is to take
um" at Plymouth, for the squadron in the Mediterm.
nears. So great was the anxiety to get her ready for
sel
with the utmost exredition, that the dock yatJ reap',
mere at work upon hir on Saturday till nem midnight;
His Majesty's ship Rattlesnake. arrived .et Spithedd
this morning from Woolwich; she is to proceed
forthwith to ;he Mediterranean. His Royal Highness
the LORD Hrow ADMIRAL, we hear, intends to imnftur
Portsmouth with another visit on Sunday next, and fin
Monday his Royal Highness will present a near pair of
colours to the 58th Regiment. His koyAl ftgh„eu
will dine with the Admiral on Sunday, and witt?
Lieutenant governor on Monday.

COURT CIRCULAR.

The Dnke and Duchess of CLaaaNnt, accompanied
by the Duch. It of Gincicseven, left their seat in flashy P.rk yes.
terday morning. and proceeded to their residence in the Achnink,
The Duchess of GLoccaeraa paid a visit to the Princes, Amens,
et her residence in the King's Palace, St. James's. The Useless
of Cuatore, accompanied by the Princess CA 111LOTli, visited the
Princess &Alia, at bee apartments In the King's Palace, at Kea.
sington ; and afterwards visited the Duchess of Kerr, with edict
her Royal Highness remained the whole of the afternoon. Thi
Duke and Duchess of CIA avec; and the Duchess of Gtoocums,
returned to Busby Park 11.100 after five o'clock in the aftensam,
Vice-Admiral Sir Jetta Goat, EC.I3. was sent olr metier'
aseenaing with dispatches from his Royal Highness the Loss Hee
Annum. to Sir B&WARD Conantesost, Sir Joint left the Ad*.
rally, In a pest-chaise and four, shortly before twelve o'clock, sc.
companied by Captain COONAI4I2OII (son et Sir EDWA ID Comer
roe), foe Dover, from whence It is espected Sir Jour wi l Old
the easintel to Calais, proceed across the Continent to Italy, and
ihillee in Mahe.

' Illessiot Gowadier and the Right Ma. Wst. Hasetuas visited
Ms loyal Highness the Lou than Alabama', yesterday, at the
Admiralty.

The Doehae of Zm bas been imlipened, for tome days pat,
with a cold ; but le now, we are happy to nate, Tau moms&
Dr. Matey be. attended her Royal Highness.
A Depatalon frees the Canada Ceageny welted ea Mr. Hea.
mess yeeterdep, a the *halal OZee, newpiogareet, ad had
awksterview with the Bight Hod eatlease.
Prim igimanaxe6Ne Aseetien Itabeerader ; Nat Lanai
the lonian Ambassador., the limp& de Pasanta, the Pane.
geese Alabaman; sod •Novishave Rau, the Preach Charge d'M.
tranadatod balsas wlthila lawl a Dunn yesterday, at
the Pereira. Olks, Ditmiertresee'

The Marquise( Lammle Asked Viscount Goesucs yesterday,
at ids readeaca in Dowalapatreet.

INTELLIGENCE.

ARRLVALS.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, at Lambeth Palace, from Dom;
Earl Spencer, ac Ms boom in ft. hanos'a.place from Er. Cahn
mat in Norfolk ; Lord liver., from Ms mat, alma Ladle, Mai;
toed from Bright=) Sir Robert Chime, Ban. n
Mount Hotel, Lower Grorressor.street, from his seat, Clifora 54
Notts; Sir Henry Verney, Ramat Bead's Simi, Lowtr.6rontam
aunt. from Yen ; Captain Delancey, at ditto, from
Wells; Col. and Mrs. 1.0490, at Penton's Bats,
street, from Paris; G. flukkhadi Ras. at ditto. from Susses; J.
Tbrockinortoo, Rog. at ilm.llmlipan Hotel, Old Barbosa mai
Cork-streets. from t J. ihiamushms, Em. at ditto, from a
tour; Captain Eldora Bdmraads, at ditto, from Saner; dr Sm.
Mr. Holland and Som, as the Barb Hotel, Arbogroo.irmt, Ina
Devonshire; Mr. Mrs. and Miss Winstell, at do. from Demadin
DEPARTURES.

The Dowager Marchioness of Salisbury, for Hatfield Saw;
Carmel Scott, for the Steyors. Brighton ; Mr. sad Met %S am
Lock, for Bath; lard Colchester, for But Grimed; Major
fcscrygrtairth ; Bert of Limerick, for Brackett to
Berkshire'; tir Wieland. Hut. for 'Duce Park, a Bock.
inghansahlre ; Mr. Warn Bickford, M.P. fur Ayletbery;
He., for Thittriese ; Captain Tborold, for Plymosth ; Captain
' Ftregereld, for the Depot, Chatham ; Major Douglas, for Naas.
arrest, ands; Sir Harbert Taylor, Out. for Latium Howes WO'
air* ; the Couatmo„l6,4arealo. for her seat at Wiabhdos ; Sir
Hearse Weashocull. Mart to Newhouse& Hail, Yorkshire; G.
Aklitim, Bug. Hem •Bours Hotel, Lower Growenorttres, to
Worcestershire; Sir G. and Lady Way, from the Buliutso
Hotel, far Brighten; .1. Ramollottem, Bac M.P. from &co, to
Windeor • Mow IL Edwards.. from ditto; J. French, Fss. hoes
ditto, for Pamela= ; J.llleekherajlec from ditto, to Souk Wain.
HANGS& . _ .

- •
ilao Dodgem of Rombed, at Lei Forretter's meg, Willie Part,
Salop, from WINS nowfaray; Or Roger and Lady Groh'', at
their meat, Drake's% firom tho Bari of Coventry's sear, Crow,
Worcestershire ; Mows, X%U P. and Mrs. Morph
from Weymouth to

PRIVY COUNCIL CHAMBER, WHITEHALL.'

Yesterday the Lords of the Paivy Council assembled
at the Chamber, Whitehall, to hear witnesses in support
of the petition of several proprietors of plantations in
Demerara and Serbice, against the recent orders issued
by the Governments there to compel the manemiss;on
of slaves. The Chamber was crowded with West India
planters, who have formed themselves into a body to
watch over their interests. Their sittings are held weekly
during the sitting of Parliament. Mr. ADAM and Mr:
HUMBERT appeared in support of the petition, and the
Common SERGEANT and Mr. Sergeant BOSANQUEI
tended on behalf of the local authorities of the colonies-
' The Lords of the Council present were, the hoiden
of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Judge Advocate, Sic
Hunts ELLIOTT, Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH (his first AP
' tendance on the Privy Council since he was sworn in
last week). and Mr. WILMOT HORTON. Mr. BELLO
was in attendance as Clerk to the Council.
There were three witnesses examined, Mr. Illstpsage
Mr. Micas*, merchants trading to Demerara, and Mr.
ALES. *DONALD, Secretary to the Committee of West
India merchants, whose testimony was on behalf of
the prayer of the petition. and to the effect that it
would, under the present circeiiistances of the colonies,
be impossible to carry these orders into execution. The!
stated that the slaves would, in the event of obtaining
their freedom, rather starve than work for their main-
tenance. One of these witnesses, in &flaw& to questions
from Mr. Waseca Honeos, acknowledged, that dosing
the last 20 years the slave population bad increased in
civilisation, but not in industry, and gave, as his opiai"
that manumitting the slaves at present would sot ha"
the effect of increasing that spirit. Each of these wit-
nesses was ably cross examined by the Costasonlak
°SANT, Mr. Hon Ton, and Sir JAIL'S MAcatanoses.
Two other witnesses were heard before their Lord-
ships, whosa evidence went to prove that a considerable
depreciation had taken place in the value of West India
property since the determination of the Legislature was
taken to put an end to slavery in the Colonies.
Mr. Wit.mor Hoarox remarked on this, that it was
strange, since Mr. Canning had declared in 1824 the
intention of the Gosernment, not a single remonstiano
ad been made to "Parliament on the subject.
The Contancil adjourned at four o'clock until this day.

Among the Nobiltty who ale on a visit to Mr. Nazi
t Id NI k. are the Earl and Countess of Caaandoet L•6I
nd f.,By Faasonaovon,and the Right Honourable Twa Sriel
as
/is Grace the Doke al WELUIHMI. Mr. Gasnatstaw, and
at l a Woe
r. r. • a etrtelleslot the Pork, up pm* le intsvitin hg

lama, hull, ays.
