THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1827.
ST. Jars s— HOLIDAY At Arlpt RUM
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
To-morrow being settling day in the English market, little or no
speculations are going forward. Consols, which left off yesterday
at nil for the Account. opened this morning at 874 buyers, and
for next time n7l, at which price they remain to the present hour.
Is the Foreign Market, scarcely a bargain has been done.
Current prices: Old Spanish 10j, Mexican E 9 I. Colombian
341 33, Rasalan 94 1, Greek 15116.
CITY. TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols may be gusted at 871 foe the Account, alterhately
bvyen and sellers ; and for August 871 U. No business is doing
eacrpt in making up their Accounts.
Ts the Foreign starlet. the Brazilian Mining Shares have im-
proved, owing to accounts being received that the Brazilian Go-
vernment have permitted the exportation of gold, by the Brazilian
Mining AssAiation, at the rate of two per cent. duty. The accounts
from the mini are also favourable: these Shares have got up three
per cent. this loongag.

FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazilian Hia. 5p EX Mex.ilds.l 825,6 p Ct. 69a
Do Aect.6o I Do. Acct. 69 i i }
Colombian lion. 1•41 p Ct. KUM. 8d5,1829.6pC.
Ditto 8da,1894, 311 33 Do. Acct. liat i
Do. Account 33 a 33 Span. Oh 5 p Ct. 91 10 SI
Dania lids. 3p Ctaill• Ito. Acct. 10*
Do. Acct. Ilea . • - ; • Do. Act.
BRITISH Ala) PORRION SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK.
VIA ILL pa lb.
Anglo Mexican 100 85 33
Basal in 100 OD 37 30
Ilibernian 50 • 6
United Mexican 40 80 111 1! a
Protector Fire , Teo I Al tle
General Steam Nivigation 100 l3 3*

Its ear Falmouth letter in yesterday's Sus, fee " bringing the
mail of the 14th instant." read *the nth testant."

A Brazil Mail arrived this morning, bringing Rio de
Janeiro Papers to the 19th May inclusive. Their con-
tents, which we subjoin, breathe a spirit, which is any
thing but pacific, whilst the private letters, received by
the mail, hold out strong hopes of a speedy pacifica-
tion. One of the letters, that we have seen, states that
an Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
was to set out immediately from Buenos Ayres for
England, but without so much as hinting at the object
of his mission. Tire following are extracts from the
Papers:

RIO DE JANEIRO. MAY G.
MOM TUX MOM YLUMUIPIII.
SIONTE VIDEO.

Sta—From the inclosed Proclamation of the Governor of Cane.
!ones, your Luxlimn will perceive the state of weakness to which
the enemy is reduced. Nobody is exempted from the levy, not a
single man is left to the inhabitants, and in short, the orders are so
positive, that it may be called a Imp es man fi
e ; yet I suppose the re
suit will not be peat, for I haow that all the mountains are full of
the inhabit,* lid deserters. Immense numbers of people have
come within our line, and am informed that many more desire to
come, which they have not yet done, because they have no
means of subsistence. They raise recruits on the one band,
and lose by desertion on the other, so that I am assured that since
the battle of Itusiango, more than 2,000 men have deserted from
the army of Alves, who subsist an the cattle they have stolen or
continue to iteal. The country is in a most distressed stale by being
deprived of all the resources which It derived from this place.

Buenos Ayres is in a dylurable condition, having all the provinces
against it, and having no currency but paper—all the coin having
vanished. A Poetugutsse merchant who has arrived to-day front
Baum legres, gives a most wretched piastre of the country, and
assures me, that the loss of the enemy's squadron on the 7th and
Bth inst. was above 400 men, and those his best people, so that bat
for the number of foreigners and pirates that they had, they would
not have means to man their ships.

This province is ours ; we ought to preserve it and maintain it
for the dignity of the Empire, using all our efforts and employing
all resources, since the Empire is in no want of them, and the enemy
have no means to obtain any ; and, when they are once deprived of
the protection of those who have secretly supplied them, they can-

not, by any means, sub s i sss and must certainly yield. Money, pa-
tience, and men, are the requisites for a long war mom!), they have
none—the people they employ in the war are foreigners, the greater
part of whom they have sacrisced—patience is no part of the cha-
racter of that nation, hut rather pride, which is not kept up with-
out means.

I beg you! Excellency to
be utoy take such measures

communicate this to the Emperor, that
as he in bis wisdom shall sec good.

hIONTE VIDEO, Aram OS.
Moon Da ♦ILLA SELLA TO Nil NICTLLINCT COUNT DI LACE%
The Delegated Governor of the Oriental Province to the
Inhabitants.

Ornzems—The Imperial army reinforced by some battalions of
slaves, is again preparing to measure its strength with the victors of
Ornbu and Ituziango, and the latter boldly expect their to fight with
them for liberty or death. One day will shortly decide the fare of
the country, and the Orientals will seal on that day the eternity Of
their destiny. The tyrants of our soil will expiate in a moment the
crimes of ten years, or we shah pay dearly for the coutagiWith
which we broke our chains and provoked the rage of the Bra.
zillan despot.
Orientals! the country perishes if we do ant hasten in a mass to
reinforce the columns of our illustrious warriors. The moment is
arrived when it is necessary to sacrifice our blood and our fortunes

on the altat if Oar Katy to our country. Which, if you will refuse
to literty the sac*, which she requires— .....
Oriental, I you wane always the models of valour, as los now
are Of °WINK* atli newt for the laws : your Officers, has-
MR to the livid of glory; to slurs In the honours of the /Aisne sol-1
disn of the Republic. TIN country, through me, pardons the
errors of them who abandoned their arms, and again invitee
them to wash out the ignominy of our slavery in the blood
of our tyrants: the Temple of Liberty is open, but ooly heroes
enter it. The Chief who now addresses you is setting out at this
moment to place himself at your head, and, relying en your valour
and patriotism, promises that you shall be the Arst to salute thug
statue of Liberty; F4,ie, meantime, will prepare the fan of
victory, and the world will sap-4 Orientals ! You deserve to being
to the Republic which has delivered you."
Canelones, April 17,1827. JOAQUIM SUARES.
Met 18.—A letter communicated by the Baron ee Villa Bella,
in a note of the 115th April, from Monte Video, annondies that the
Buenos Ayres' Generals were exerting themselves, but 'without
effect, to Meissen fat the army. Alyea demands men and horns,
saying that the Imperial Army is assembling and preparing to
march, and that be is unable to oppose it because the desertion
among his troops is so great...Dierft•Fharsinssue to 19th May kabala&

Tile Paris Papers, which arrived last night, afford a
striking illustration of the effects of the Censorship, as
they are as dull and as sterile as possible. They con-
tain the substance of a letter from Marseilles of the
.14th, announcing the arrival at that port of a vessel
from Algiers, with dispatches for the French Govern-
ment. The blockading squadron bad received a rein-
forcement., some frigates and corvettes. but had not
ventured to make any attack on the place itself. I
was not wholly inactive, however, having seized on a
Sardinian vessel, for attempting to force the blockade.
This vessel, which pleaded ignorance, has been since
released by the orders of the French Government. The
same letter throws some light on the finances of bis
Highness the Pacha'of Rover, which are not in a very
flourishing State to judge from the. suspension of the
building of a frigate of 60 guns, which he had ordered
at Marseilles, and for which he has not been able to
send the regular remittances. As his pecuniary diffi-
culties are the result of his strenuous exertions against,
the Greeks, they will powerfully second such motives,
as prudence may suggest, to induce hiss to abandon a
contest, which, in the event of success, would turn
nearly to the exclusive advantage of the Porte, and
might enable that Power to defeat at last his own
schemes, deeply laid and artfully wrought as they
appear to be. When all these considerations shall
be backed by the naval demonstrations of France,
England, and Russia. they will convert, or we are,
greatly mistaken in his character, the present obse.,
quious vassal into a refractory dependant, if dot a
stubborn rebel. It is our belief, that the large fleet,
which, according to the last accounts from Alexandria,
WAS ready to put to sea with a great body of troops on
board, will sail without this part of its intended cargo,
and return home freighted with the army which, for
the last three years, has starred against the Greeks in
the Morea.

There are accounts in these Papers from Lisbon to
the Bth inst. at which time two British line of battle,
ships were ready to start for the Mediterranean, and it
was tLougbrthe rest of the squadron would receive the
same destination.

Prince Edward Island Papers to the 2d instant, and
Halifax to the 20th ult. were received this morning tt
the North and South American Coffee House, but they
contain nothing worthy of notice.

Prince LEOPOLD left his residence in Pall-mall yes-
serifs, awning, fir his seat at Claremont.
The Duchess of KENT, accompanied by the Prince of
Luszocunt, and the Princess Frowns, honoured the performance
of the Opera of Medea, at the Italian Opera House, whh her pre-
emie yesterday evening. Her Royal Highness honoured the per-
forn3ance of The Omar, at the English Opera House, on the pro.
ceding evening.
The Duke of Suns: gave a grand Dinner yesterday
to a-numerous party of Nobility and
_Gentry, at his apartments in
the King's Palace at Kensington.
The Prince of LELDENGICE visited the Thames Tuned
on
M
Tn Duke of Sussex honoured Count Lunor.v, the
Neapolitan Minister, with his company to dinner on Monday, at
his residence in Gloocester-place. There was a select party to meet
his Royal Highness.
Pt ince POLIONAC, the French Ambassador, transacted
business yesterday at the office of the Scatter/ of State for Foreign
Affairs. _ _ _

Viscount GODZRICEI, Mr. STUNCIES BOURN!, and
Mr. Hawks, left town together soon after tea o'clock yesterday
morning, for Windsor. The Noble Viscount and his two com-
panions (who are also Commissioners appointed to superintend the
hying out of the grant appropriated to the extensive alterations in
Windsor Castle) went over the whole of that extensive edifice,
which occupied them about two hours. Viscount GODZSICK re-
turned to town in the evening.
Mr. and Mrs. Pasts arrived at their residence in Privy
Gardens yesterday afternoon, front the seat of the Djike of War,
usturcw, at Stratbfirldsay, where they had been staying on a visit to
his Grace and the Duchess of Wiu.ntoion since Thnrsday last—
The Duke and Duchess have been entertaining a numerous party
of their friends at their seat at &ratbfieldsay. The Judges of that
circuit dined with their Graces on Sunday. Earl and Countess
BATHURST took their leave of their Noble Host and Hostess yester-
day morning, for their seat near Cirencester, Gloucestershire.
Countess COWPiR entertained all elegant Party cf the
Hasa Tow on Monday evening, at her house in Little Maddox-
street, Hanover-square.
Lord MaLBOVNNE entertained a distinguished Party
to dinner, yesterday, at his house, Whitehall.
Tit Gazette of last night contains a notice from the
SPFAZIS of the I louse of Commons, that in fourteen days a new
writ will be made out for the Election of a Member for the City
of Carlisle, in the room of Sir POW, Musoaava, Bart. deceased.

We team from our City Correpiindent. that N. M.
ROTIISCISILD hasmade the following purchase this morning front the
funded property of Mono Lynn. sbo,ooo New 4 per CeDM at 101,
and 150,L00 French mites.
1; is confidently alfii tiled, that his Grace the Doke
of WILLINOTON is to spend some time at Ormeau with the Marquis
of Douroar.. Probably he may visit Belfast about the time of the
Maze itaces.—Southerva Replier.
Two d nations of £4OO and, £284 have lately been
sent anonymously to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, for the
use of that excellent Ingitution,

The Doke and Duchess of Non•rtiosiaant.amo and
suite arrived at Warrington. his Grace's seat, near Launceston,
Cornwall, on Saturday week.
The E4ll of ELDON remains in Loidon at present;
his Lordship was walking *sHgide Patk Monday evening. The
Countess of Euvosi is indist;,too
SWAN•HOPPING.— Ye tes4ay the Loan MATuR, She.
riffs, and several Alderman, went, agreeably to annual custom, up
the Thames to Richmond, in their state barges, and performed
the usual ceremonies.

THE LORD HIGH ADMIIIbAL.
• MILFORD, lox 21.
SATURDAY, TWILYZ AT Noov.—C AiM.—Atehrod the
Lightning and Comet Admiralty steam•eeyek, for
supply of coals, which hating been procured from thr

Tortoise, Post•o®ce Depot Ship, at 6 P.M. they departed
for 'Macomb, to meet her Royal Highness the Duchess
of CLARgNet and suite.

MONDAY, JULY 230 8 1.31.—We had some fertilizing
showers here yesterday morning; alter which a fog.
very dense. was blown in trom seaward, and continued
until 8 A.M. this morning, when it cleared away.—
' Passed up from the King's Yard, Pembroke Dock, his
Majesty's slonp•of-war Prowl's, Captain WA LDZGRAVII.
0111 P.M.—Expectation is on the tip-toe; equestrians
and pedestrians are hourly pouring in, in such numbers
that the place will be crowded to excess before night.
THRES eat.—The Lightning steamer is now abreast
of the town, passing up to Pembroke Dock; and it
should seem, from the quantity of smoke issuing, she is
steamed with the greatest velocity.—Quarter past 3 P.M.
TheCheerful,revenue cutter,Lieut.DAat Na,is now under
sail off the Quarantine Ground, firing a salute of 19 guns.
HAL, PAST 4 P.M.—The Comet steamer is abreast
olthe town, passing up with great rapidity, having her
Royal Highness the Duchess of CLAttancit and suite on
board ; and the Haven, from the Dock-yard Point to
the Quarantine Ground, is literally covered with gun-
powder smoke, from the continuance of firing the
Royal salute of 19 guns each by the several vessels in
the harbour and batteries on shore—amongst which the
following were not the least conspicuous, viz. the
Vixen, Post-office steam-packet, and the battery erected
by Lieut. BOWLS R. Iloszarsow,R.N. Haken Point.
It is a melt beautiful evening, and the promenaders
in the Front-street are most respectable and numerous.
On the ships in the harbour and flag-staffs on shore
colours are hoisted, and a tense anxiety exists for the
arrival of his Royal Highness the LOAD Ilion ADMIRAL.
FALMOUTH, Jest 13.

" TO WU TOTAL WIOHNISS ISINCI WILLIAM WIMAT DOTI OF

CLARZIOOI4 LORD DNS ♦DMILL OF THE MORD ZINGOOII OF

GMAT BRITAIN AND 111111.111/1.
" The Humble Address of the Mayor. Aldermen, Bergamo. add

Inhabitants. of die Town of Falnsouth and its Vicinity.

I. MAY 17 !LIAM TOOL ROYAL MUMMt

a We, the Mayor, Aideimen, Burgesses, and inhabitants of the
town of Falmouth and its vicinity. konahly leg base to offer our
sincere convatulatiens to your Royal Highness.= your recent
appointment to the ancient sad important dice of Lord High
Admiral of the United Kingdom, which his Most Gradate Majesty
has been pleased to re-establish ha the perms of your Royal Highness,
mid which has diffused general indefeedes ameopt all ranks of hie
Majesty's subjects, and +minas sambas proof of Ms Majesty's soli-
citude for the welfare and glory of the nation; and we look for-
ward with confidence to every improvement in the naval service
of which it may be susceptible, and which year Royal Highness's
professional knowledge and talents enable you so properly to direct.

" We avail ourselves of the present occasion, which affords us
'the opportunity of approaching your Royal Highness, to express,
ear unfeigned satisfaction and delight at your Royal Highness's
Mrival at this pert, tn the exercise of the importsmindes of your
embed ogee; and we beg leave to menste*Waiirli of
our cordial attachment to kis Majesty, sor jil.seses pur-
-1 son, and awry branch of the Elnetrisma /1111114111biniriek ; and
we trust that, *iris* pommy; yew Iluggillsbines asay long
enjoy the blessings of health and happiness. . •

" Given under tb. COMJIIOII Beal of die Carpoelainsolla flit day
of July, in?. .4 By are: al tie Mayer,
XStngd) " PaNDOR, Tovro.Clerk."
ea nove4 osormes wow.

" Osnemneau-1 thank Ton for youremogratulatka ou thy re-
cent appointment, by the gracious goods= of Ms Majertr„ to the
ancient and important office aimed HO Admiral; and Una that
my conduct in this situation, bum my professional knowledis% will
be productive of advantage and improvement to the naval service
of this country.

" I feel sensibly your attention in expressing to me your satisfac-
tion at my arrival in the port of Falmouth, to attend to the duties
imposed on me by examining the packet establishment, so wisely
placed in this harbour.
" Your expressions of loyalty and *Section towards our most
gracious and exceUent Sovereign give me the sincerest pleasure
and I return you my unfeigned acknowledgments for your personal
good wishes towards myself and all theistic!. ►ranches of the Nome
of Brur.swick, who are, like myself, most anxiously attacked tole,
welfare and prosperity of this truly happy Empire.
(Signed) " WILLIAM H."

Sunday as Captain MAUDOSAI, of the Ceylon Regi-
ment, was marching the men off the Chatham Barracks,
he was seized with a dizziness in his head, instantly fell
on the ground, whence he was conveyed to his quarters,
and expired in two hours afterwards.
The tea sale announced for Monday last, in the City,
took place, and was nasnerossly attended. About three thousand
chats and boxes were sold, Rata of It of course unclet the upset
price, by the Company's Agents; end some of the cheapest sorts,
at an advance of no less than four pence per lb.
A GYPSRY PARTY, Oa Pie Nic.—A party of tWis
description baring been proposed at the Opera on Saturday night,
by a young and beautiful Duchess, the Idea was considered a happy
one, and instantly adopted. The Party is chosen, and the arrange-
ments completed, i. e. the Ladies will provide the eatables, and
the Gentlemen the wines. The spot Axed upon Is the Patney
Cedars, a most romantic situation. 'flie coappany will go up the
river in beautiful 4-oared cutters, and the rowers will be amateurs.

COMMISSION DC LUNATIBO INSUIRCNDO.—Yesterday
a Commission was held at the Gray's foes Coffee-house, to inquire
whether RICIIMID PAUL JODDILICLL, Esq. of PortiandplAce, in the
county of Middlesex, and of Luton, in Oxfordshire, aced of Derby-
shire, was of sound mind, and whether any and what pteperty bad
been alienated by him,and at what time, Stc. The Curnmiesioners
were Mr. Peatxusoat, Mr. CARS, and Mr. W/AIT)ILMIS/1. After
hearing a variety of evidence, the Jury gave their verdict, that Mr.
JOIbbiELL was of unsound mind from October,lB22, but what that
unsoundneu proceeded from they could not tell.
Dr. HUGH Pettey, the new Bishop of Roche ter, is in
Ibis 44th year, and is the third son of the Earl of BE-
I vaat.ar. He its 'flied the eldest dabghter of the Arch.
bishop r f CANTERBURY, and was preferred to be hector
f Riahopsboorne and Ivychurch in 1809; then Chan-
cellor and Canon of Exeter; Chancellor and Prebeniary '
'of Salisbury in 1811; Prebendary of Cantetbury.and
St. Paul's isi 1816; Archdeacon of Crinterbtlfy in 1522;
and Dzan in 1825.

&mane Moos or EXECUTING PaiNcsa.—Spilling
the binod of a Member of the Royal Family is contrary
to the lavr., of Ara ; and the mode of execution resorted
to is, tying the sielivcrient in a red sack between two
ii4fS, and throwing him into the firawatiJdy f %hen the
kits filling, s,,on sulk their freight.

THE VAL Rt.

WINDSOR, JULY 24.—Yesterday aft,rnoors his
JESTY drove to Frogmore Lodge. and pad a visit
the Queen of WURTIGIIIRRO, the Duchess of Gtotic
TER, and the Princess AUGUSTA. His AJESTY
mained nearly two hours at Frogmo:e, and rely
through the Great Park, accompanied by the Duc
of GLOUOSIITZR, to Virginia Water, where they
and piteird the evening.—Lord PA RSII- It( •SYGH
S. Huts. arrived at the Royal L.,tige )e-terda
joined his MAJESTY'S party at Virginia W vet.
MAIMIT and visitors are expected at the Cs.rie
day.—The Queen of Wuartrasenu and the Pi
AUGUSTA took an airing last evening, and visited
Countess HARCOURT, at St. Leonard's. L',rd RA,
worm( paid a morning's visit to her MAJASTY this
- FASHIONABLE INTELUGENCE.

ARRIVALS.
•
Admiral SR Havldge and Lady Gould at the Brumes iek Hwt4
Jermyn—streee, from their seat in Herts; the Mai qui, of Dana!,
at Mivart's Hotel, Lower Brook-street, from Ireland; Mr. and
Mrs. Rkbard Walker and Family, at ditto, from their seat, Midi;
Grove, Sum: ; Major Vandelevr, at Kirk him's Hotel, bum
Brook-street, from the Ide of Wight.
