ANGLO-INDIANS.

Mr. W. IVYNN presented a petition from Indo.Britains, per-
sons born in India of British and native parents, praying to be ad.
mined to all the privileges of British born subjects in India.
Whatever might be the result of the inquiry now going on, this
country must admit the petitioners and the natives generally to
office.

AIL J. S. WORTLEY thought the question involved in the
prayer of the petition wits of such impurtance that it must of neces-
sity be taken into consideration by the committee on the East India
Company's charter. The class to which the petitioners belonged
were about two thousand in number and one thousand of them were
In the employment of government in India, notwithstanding their
disqualification.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH could conscientiously declare his opin-
ion that there was no class of his Alajesty's subjects—not in actual
slavery—who were made the victims of so much needless hardships
as the class to which the petitioners belonged. (Hear, hear.) He
spoke his sir.cere opinion when he said that there was a greater ge-
neroeity--a higher point of honour, amongst the British commu-
nity of India, than was ortlinatily to be found in the same class in
this country. He read that morning of a report of a public meet-
ing at Calcutta last December. at which two li indoos delivered
speeches in the English language, which would have done honour to
any member of any assembly in this country. (Hear.)
Mr. C. FERGUSON said it would be the best policy of this
country, to draw more largely than it had yet done, on the talents
and acquirements of the natives of India. Many of the Indo-Bri.
tons were in office at Calcutta, and proved that they possessed full
as much ability as Europeans.
Mr. W. WHITAIORE supported the prayer of the petition.
Sir CHARLES FORBES said, after twenty.two years' residence
in India, the more he saw of his own country, the better he liked the
natives of India.—(A laugh.)

FOICit AIN
Mr. F. BUXTON presented petitions from certain bankers, mer-
chants, and others in Kirby Lonsdale, and in Darlington, and from
Knightsbridge, praying for the abolition of the punishment of death
for torgery.--Ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. BUXTON moved fora return of the number of persons
executed for forgery during each of the last ten years.

STAMP DUTIES.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from certain persons,
reporters to the newspapers in Dublin, against the proposed
alteration of the stamp duties on Irish newspapers. The
honourable and learned gentleman stated that many of the pe-
titioners were known to blm, and that he had the honour of inclu-
ding them amongst his most intimate friends. Ordered to be printed.
Also for an account of the number of persons put to death in Ire.
land by the armed police appointed by the 2d and 3d Geo. IV. In
England resistance to the police was a misdemeanour, but under
this act, if the people resisted the constabulary force they were put
to death.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER objected to such
a motion without nodce.

Mr. DOHERTY rose, not only to object to the motion, but to
protest against the comments by which it had been accompanied.
The hon. and learned member had asserted that in Ireland whenever
the people chewed resistance to the police they were put to death.
This he denied ; but if it were true, it was on that account the
more the duty of the hon. and learned member to bring forward those
charges, in which he (Mr. Doherty) was involved, rather than con.
tenting himself with placing his petitions in the hands of his
noble friend. It was true that in the case to which those petitions
referred lives had been lost in the conflict between the peasantry
and the polies. But if the case were investigated, he knew it would
be found that the conduct of the police was free from blame. There
had undoubtedly been much bitter feeling between the peasantry
and police ; and no man in the creation knew better than the hon.
and Warned gentleman what and who it was had caused that bit.
terness of feeling to exist. The hon. and learned gentleman had sent
forth all sorts of misrepresentations of his conduct in Ireland. Would
to GOD he would stand up in the face of the house and of the coun.
try, and give him an opportunity of showing, as be could show by
statement, and by proof if necessary, that chase misrepresentations
weretutterly false. If lives had been lost in these unhappy conflicts,
on the Lads of those be their blood who had instigated the peasantry
to fruitless resistance.
Mr. O'CONNELL did not know to what statements of his the
hon. and learned gent. alluded. He had not btought forward the pc.
tition because he found that the only error committed by the hon. and
learned gent. wee favourable to the prisoner. Another reason was
that a book had recently been published, giving a different account
of the transactions.

Mr. 0. CAVE pre nodoe that on this day week he should move
a declaratory Resolution, that all children born of Negro parents
in the British possessions, after the lst of Jan. 1831. shall be free.

POOR LAWS.
Mr. S %DLER presented a petition from Tullamore, praying for
a vision of poor laws in Ireland. As the subject would soon be
brought forward, he should not now enter into It. The honourable
member gave notice, that on Monday, the lit of June, he should
move for leave to bring in a bill for bettering the condition of the
working classes of the British empire. His attention had never
been withdrawn from the subject since last &trim The honoura-
ble member was proceeding, when he was called to order by the
Brsazza.

The Petition vu ordered to lie on the table, and the notice Axed
for the lit of June.
