NATIONAL TASTES AND ANTIPATHIES.

Mr. Murray, in a recent work, observes, that almost every thing that
moves on earth, in the sea, or air, has been devoured by man. In South
America, nothing in the shape of life comes wrong to them they eat
serpents, lizards, and ounces; and Humboldt bas seen children drag
enormous centipedes out of their holes, and Branch them up. At Eme-
midi, their delicate moreesu is a roasted monkey. Puppies on the'
Missouri and Mississippians choke food. Horse flesh in Arabia;
plants' flesh in India; came s' flesh in Egypt. The Parkhs of His.
eaten contend for putrid GUAM with dogs, vultures, and kites. The
Chinese devour cats, dogs, rats, and serpents; bears' paws, birds' nests,
and sea-shy, are dainty bits. The inhabitants of Cochin China prefer
rotten eggs to fresh. The Tonquineze and inhabitants of Madsgasas
prefer locusts to the finest Ash. In Australia, a good fat gull would
be preferred to every thing else; and in the West Indies, a large
caterpillar, found on the palm, is esteemed a ham ; while
the edible nests of the Java swallow are so rich a dainty that the ingre-
dients of the dish will cost fifteen pounds. The quantity of frogs seen
in thknorkets of the Continent is immense. At Terreeiss the bast
sake his guest whether he prefers the eel of the hedge or that of the
river. The Astronomer De Is lands was roolookoldy food of Folders..
Ureat Britain even transcends her continental neighbours. The brae',
of Ssedied is putrid matron, the sheep bowing died of the rot; game
and venison are seldom relished till it ie AFpk, se, in honest il •
till it is a masa of putrefaction, disengaging in abundance one of

We hasten to redeem our promise of giving some parts of this extra.
ordinary production, which our spice compelled us to exclude Slum
publication on Thursday. We then gave such parts of the Mossfiesto
as were most calculated to explain the objects of the Conadtutiouslists.
We now add those passages of a purely argumentative character, which
refer to the ancient Lan and History of Spain, with some portion of
the eloquent appeal to the patriotism of Spaniards, which we trinowly
gave in an abeedd form t
We do not use the right which the law gives, however strong may be
the reasons foe exercising it. Neither shell we sales our voice against
the King, nor the legitimate amine/ay of the dons, which we respect
and will always continue to respell, H k beensedesd eels ding to the
laws, and within the limits which they smd mesa pesseribe; but if
otherwise, its WS become essentially null, senhennble to the law
which declares that "royal decrees issued spinet tight. arises law, or
prescribed usage, are of no value or authodty." (Law 2, tit. 4, lib. 3,
of the None Rec.) We revolt only against these most pernicious ems.
miss el the King, Mho have divest:ad him in the face of the world,
fatally estranged him from his people, and made him lead a life
of hat and insecurity in the midst et his own family. We
revolt against those " traitors," fee suck our laws exproody ste
them, bares " they have troubled the kingdom to do it In.
jury. (Law 3, *AR peed& IL); because "they have endeavoured
and are endeavouring to deprive the Meg of his hewer sod dignity,"
(Law. 1, tit. 7. lib. 12. of the Weis. Rec.); because "they leave
to go astray from prudence, is yammer his revenue, and to res.
der himself the msf leaulthe (Law. 11. tit. xlii. red& 2.) ;
and not only t him, but Wedmore Ym M de those things ;—traitors,
who after "having concerted with oasis es attack and Injure the
kingdom," (the same Law 1, tit. 8. lib. 111. Nov. RL.) solely to pro.
cure support to themselves, besides keep it rte subject to foreign sendersand sunsitions.
To revolt against such criminal men is not only a right but a sacred
duty Imposed upon us, and commanded by our laws, which direct us
" to guard the from himeel4 and not to allow him wittingly to do
se his soul might be lost, nor remit him to act wrongfully,
to &skew his person, or to do great damage to the kingdom," (the
same Law. Si, lib. 13. peed& 2) and ceder us " to peed him as well
by ceased as by service, main for him pledges whereby we may make
him abhor and retain from such deeds, so that they may not be stead,
and that those who counsel their commission may be arrested." (The
same Law of the Parddas.) Any other course being now vain, it is
indispensable to oppose and arrest those who damage the nation and
the King. By not doing so, we should place ourselves in the class of
traitors, for the same law declares that " these who tan guard d
do not endeavour so to do, 'are guilty of public treason.* Under an
equal penalty another law commands us all " to arm and hasten to
resist those internal enemies who disturb the kingdom in order to injure
it; and in such case directs that all men who are above 14 and under
70 years of age should mumble, to give assistance with their bands,
their dependents, and their property ; and that all this failing, the
women shall come to assist In suppressing so great an evil." (Law 3,
tit. 19, peed& 2.)
Nevertheless, our rising is not directed against the faction, but has
for its objects solely the restoration of the Ling to his people, and the
recovery of the nation's independence and liberty, in order that the
country, resented in Cartes, may establish that good government
which is sopmuch wanted, and which will secure those legitimate liber.
tics and.,privileges which always belonged to us, and without which men
cannot live in a social state .—these rights .1f to pro* which our
oppressors themselves confeamd in the decree smiths 4th of Nay, 1814,
see as inviolable as those of the threes.
We do not propose to re-establish the constitution of 1812, because,
being as yet uncertain, whether it be that which the nation considers
most suitable to it, we do not consider ourselves authorised to anticipate
its determination, nor to hesitate to submit to that which It may judge
better. But what we in the name of justice desire is, that the nation
may freely assemble to deliberate on the question, and we have most
Indisputably a right to promote that object, when the despotism of the
government opposes it, not less to the injury of the public interest than
in violation of solemn engagements, and in contravention of the existing
laws, to the observance of which the King becomes bound on amending
the throne. In these laws it is stated to be " necessary that the Cartes
are to meet for the grand and arduous transactionsof the kingdom, and
that the said transactions should be Acted under their counsel, as has
before been dime by fanner lei " (Law 1, tit. 8, lib. 3, of the New
Ree.) And surely no can be more arduous or greater than
that of taking into consideration and remedying the unfortunate state
to which the nation finds itself reduced.

The constitadon of 1812 was overthrown. Who then has dispensed
tbe from maintaining the indent constitution, and the franchises
eon to us by the laws which favour that constitution—laws, never
annulled or abrogated, and still therefore existing? The open and con.
dotted violation of the law by the King, in the face et' his numerous
promises, renders truly despotic a power whieb " loves to seek its own
good, though it should disadvantage the country, rather than pursue the
common good of all" (Char. veer of Tyranny, according to Law 10, tit
1, partida 9):—a power which subverted the fundamental principles of
the mote, converting into the •most absolute despotilmn a Govanment
esseatially moderate and tithe, which that of Spain always has
by law been since the estrablishmsot of her monarchy, which the King
himself recognised in his beforementioned decree of the 4th of Nay,l
1814.

Not only are the people oftlipain deprived of their right, in virtue of
which nothing great sad arduous can be done even in the &mermen
without their counsel in Dotes, but by a still more signal aggression
they are also despoiled of their participation in the legislative power, the
Government daring to give us law, or what it calls such, on its own au-
thority, though the ancient consdtudon of the kingdom expressly re.
quires that all the laws by which we are governed shall be established
with consent of the Corks as they have constantly heretofore been, and
as the King in the aforesaid dame acknowledged that they ought to be,
and promised that they should be.
It is also our ritht and the stipulustion of one of our most ancient
and often confirmed laws, that " there shall not be imposed or levied
any taxes, exacted benevoleneessnontriantinnor or unusual iributol ape.
.cal or general, unless the Cortes representing tbe nation be first called,
and they be granted by them." The right is also solemnly recognised
in the decree of the dth of May, wherein the King seism* declares
and promises that " the revenues for the maintenance of the state shall
be imposed and and assessed with the consent of -the kingdom" Bet is
breach of this promise, NM of these lens, the Otwernment has op-:
pressed the country with taxes decreed by its own eaprice,—taxes au
less illegal and null in theleautherky than vexadatealy.lesied and Ale.

gracefully wasted. With regard to Other laws for the security of per.
son and property, we possess also such oonsdtutional privileges, that
neither the King nor say other authority cab order " any person or
persons to be punished, put to death, or their property to be confiscated,
amuse them to be calW, disinherited, or make any abet act of op.
pent* to be done unto them " Neither can they "he disposed of
theirgesds without having been heard in defence, and convicted ;
end Royal letters which may be issued for such purposes shall nut
ho executa. (Laws 306, tit. 4, lib. 3, New Rec.) But the
vernmcne. considering itself lord of our lives and fortune*, as little
hesitates to confiscate or sequestrate property without hearing oriudg.
ment, as In decreeing by its own act imprisonments and banishments
without number, and every kind of corporeal penalty. and in AWN,.
rising its satellites openly to commit equal or greater aggressions.
These customs and these laws. and others contained in our code in
favour of the liberty of the people, which have been violated by the got.
'eminent, are what we ask for, and a juster title fur our demand ctstt!.l
not exist. than the right to have the promises made to us kept and tel.
filled. These, and no more than these, so justly due to us, are what
our necessi ix, our love for our country, and even our loyalty to the
throne, require. Let Spain be freed from a despotism which the King
declared lie "abhorred and detested," confessing d.at " the progress of
knowledge and the advance of civilisation among the nations of Europe,
no longer tolerated its existence, and that it never was established by
the wise laws and constitution of the kingdom." Let us be governed by
those laws, in justice and peace, so that the nation may be prosperous
and happy, as the King likewise promises in his decree, and as the first
duty of monarchs, and the only purpose of all a a .tituted governments,
require. Let the crown preserve its dignity and rights, public tran-
quillity and order be secured, and every Spaniard enjoy liberte.snd twee-
rity for individual and public right; that salutary liberty which, as the
King said in his decree, "distinguishes a moderate from an arbi-
trary and despotic Government, every citizen ought securely I,b
possess !"
We call GoD, who knowp all our iotenlines, to witness that we sun
at nothing further. We desire a monarchical government, and that too,
inn, strong, sod powerhil g to preserve which there is no surer m...ins
than by founding it is justice, in wise institutions, and in the affection
and good of the people. We desire peace and amity with all ostimits
and their governments, respecting their rights as we wish they shoal
mapeet ours. We desire independence, so necessary for the nation. aid
which was regained with the loss of so much blood. We desire politi-
d and civil liberty; but only that liberty which is founded in the
laws circumscribed by the limits fixed by them, and identified with
public order. We desire tranquillity, prosperity, and glory for the
satire and the King; security, concord, happiness, and a country for
lipsuisrds, including our very enemies,.
Its we only consider our enemies those who me the enemies of the
who All besides, whatever may hate been, or may be. their opi.
Mess and political conduct, we regard as brothers. If we should be
ibeesil by Mrceselty to take up lams, it is only for the purpose of protect-
ing yes. Doi of
= doingwrong to any ones but of preventing others doing Far from wishing for vengeance, we only desire to deliver th •
limn it. Oar personal
to injuries we are resolved to forget, in
ends tea allineleseVielly up in endeavours relieve the public in.
r against justice and order.
Ndes kihremed by a desire of re-establishing the laws, we caw
have anytwirn
Holdas a 'IWO* that the laseitutions by which the country is
to be governed might in be hosed me by individuals but by the whole
lodes freely united, we de set sus & the lies of sliming
dose now:mixing, or ofdonging im at the pains ar
ras.
wales the system which bee been by them. Every editing
right, every legitimate Ode. b mend in ear eyes. Let the nodes but
enjoy liberty and nein. and cart 'blast being then accomplidmi, we
will retire to the mak elpeessial &bum and *tally submit Is what.
ever it obeli detennine.
Spoils* wholly/epee country, whatever may have been, or may
be, year modern tend demenineden, join unanionnely Is effecting that
greet shim* Oda Is eir so such rope ranee se ail of us. The religion
which worst= mennands as to be bradros, and such the same coun-
try which Ms ohm as Medi. sad nes mend insersees, persuade ss to
be. Let es mike our dlll.lllose sad esemonents to the general
V, zed SO me our eutaifty lot us be mornmess Om anion is of the
asswelty ; sad do came of ear misfortunes bi dis.
esedi—thes dleemd, made us yield se despotism in 1514r—
shish caused the thimble ell ne be uses end on_ by foreign tamps In
111113,—and which hers valmed Menages to the d_ Vole state In which
it new stands. The sassed call of NATIONAL INDZIPINDIDDIt, *tog:.
PIM LIIEITY, and noon nor carman. which should excite An
all bat one sentiment, directs us to ender the same standud,
—There is not one real Spaniard but ewe Ides's* '
died with his own boom # and which of youtelttoissetdrit humiliated
at recollecting bow your country was treated by fereignens—is seeing
how, without say attempt at coneodment, it was governed by them P..
There cannot be any one indiforent to that conedtutional
of libertriatte,
first right man, without which society toceesse sziat,—to that
which le charecte;imed by our laws to be the dearest thing that can be
;Mil in the weld. (Preinible to tit. Si erne second
et
yea does not feel himself weighed down by slam* P Than
Is none of you who does not look upon the evils of the nation as s die.
Lace—who doss not feel that the present Government is a scourge to
. Our sentiments wed am wishes all agree on these points.
Wec:lll2 wretchedly degraded by the yoke we beer t and the sum
obltlate, the an memos necemity, fendhly excite us so threw
it

Heroes at patriotism end of loyalty in the war of independence, be.
bold for what your blood hem been spilt; behold the reward which hes
been bootee's& upon pus, sad we who k is that have gathered the fruit
of your sesefilter. Fetters sod eastan been your share,
and the higentinede has blasted your . But you will not
allow the modem= of Pother and lacy, t stout®
who exalted In
torturing the death of the unfortunate kmpecinedo, to outrage you any
coven of liberty, unanimously endeavour to recover it, rotenone(
all extremes, and every ides at an ineeeibk perfection. Those who
enslave you are the assassins of Riese—the tramplers upon the rights
of the nation in the person of one Oita represented's., and thus expose
themselves to universal ignominy. The best wwasyy of avenging him is by
making that sacred anise for which he was eacrlAosd triumph
Royalists, we also are Royalists. For our King we have spilt our
blood, and for his good, and that at the nation, we are ready again to
spill it. Those who call oi enemies of the throes only wish to deceive
you, and only understand riiheie throw their own particular interest.—
We, like you, wirh far a possessed dell the power neceseasy for
the proper administration of &ate ; but we wish, as you co doubt
also wish, that be should govern us well—that he should preserve our
laws and rights—that he should frill Melamine to us, as probity sad
honour between man and men terjuirelena.
sad
public faith and the dig.
sky el a monereh still more foualy
You men, whew religious seal the malignant abuse, to make you be.
Hews that these who wish the good et the public are impious, judge by
their conduct the calumniators and the cainmaiated. From the fury
and depravity you have witnessed, and the abominates widish you bast
seal profane the sanctuary, learn now where the real impiety exists ; and
contribute to drive from our country those who even in the name of re.
ligion disgrace it.
Spaniards ! We leave to the decision of the nation freely assembled,
the questions which have hitherto divided us t and bencsforth, as is the
duty of all, we submit our opinions and private interests to the general
interest, and to those by whom that paid interest shall be determined.
la order to effect this, and to put an end to our evils, let us all unite
against the despotism which Mica and depresses us. Per the sake of
your honour, for the sake of your own misty, rally round tae banners of
your country, for by so doing you can again save it, and again, as hap.
pared ten yews ago, make tyranny fall from its own weakness, and that
abominable faction, welch has only existed through the excess of your
loyalty and sufferings, shrink into lea own litdenen. Again will pro.
*peaty smile upon Spain, again will foreigners respect us, and again
shall we take our station among nations, with oar ancient
What ! shall we always live cheated and oppressed—treated as slaves
and barbarians in the 19th century—unhappy in the heart of a moat
beautiful country—pour, though possessing a most fertile soil—without
ennenern, without trade, while our coasts extend a vast length along
the ocean—restraineo in the weer of nations, though gifted with great
intellectual vivacity—cast down and depreciated, though poseessed of
virtues and valour ? When the force of improvement Is now freeing the
whole of Europe from arbitrary power—when even those who exercised
it yield spontaneously to the spirit of the age and acknowledge that a
constitution securing the legitimate siOts of the people is the moot
solid of all thrones—wbat, even in Mao, the bashaws begin to per.
give this truth, and bestow freedom en their subjects, shall nothing
but slavery, degradation, and darkness, await t4sein Spain, nbo sa-
crificed a million of bar sons in defence of her who, in support.
ing legitimacy, suffered universal devastation, and whose heroic ford.
tude contributed so powerfully to induce the oedema sad princes of Be.
rope to recognise her independence ? WW it be unlawful, if, after
having been treated with such ingratitude, dew being threatened with
death, and aka all hope of better anon has fur foe so long past been
extinguished, we shah endeavour to nape from this wrestled and ig.
mullions sate ? Will It be unlawful if we sodosesse Wrenn, what
all civilised nation of the present day oajoy,--o Sereommast tonsil.
tuted oo fundamental laws, which, imparcleggeomm to it, shall
secure to us rational liberty, and a good adminisnoln Greece,
who had no ancient customs, Jews, se righisos be overturned, tbinks
herself justified, in constquence of opplessien, in having taking up
arms against her old sovereign, and has depend hew her obedience.
and constituted herself an independent and Rim eenatay, will it be un-
lawful, if we, no less oppressed Spaniards, seek also ier be free with-
out detracting even from the just authority of the thresse,—we
whom rights been recognised, whose lestitudens and liberties bad
i
been consecrated for many ages, by special oaths, sad solemn promises,
to which the whets wend was witness P No, Spankrds, no. If by Is.
gidasacy is undoemood that only which is asehemahle to laws, and the
rights which emanate front them, there could sot be a mote legitimate
or just sagas than can. We appeal he the justice of our maw to the
Summit Bassar, and at all honest men. Self reservation is a law
of nature, aml we less masa are the laws which give us en inviolable
sight us be le/hired. at and hoe I which prescribe as the rule for all
dovemenellas the of the Beyond. Ibe most unjust power tl:at
Goad exist IS 'bid force, perjury, and unbridled parka, are now
ezesoking ova ROL
