- . . .
. . -
• ,
•
it • • , .
. . .
• - . ' . , .
. .
• ,
it
cje,i) • teat.
. . 4 . •
~,00t.
. • .
(I).,pit7 •'- • C oo
. ' 4 - 00.
_,
- NJ! -- .. ,i • .... NM
." 7- .• ''... : • `----10.....-- •-••-. - : .-
or ova
? o: ss •. , ..,
.....11.• , • . . VIP %I f. . a' •. . , .',4,71-,. •.' • -...... ..• - ...
,:. - ----- 4-, .... • . ‘ •-4111
's • •:; ' - ' -= . -- -•- . - .:'-'-. 77 - I. 1 -t, if
. it• , . ••.! .c. ( • , „
' • -
( lc
S• •
IVI/4Lii' -- -
.e.
i
.• q.... . • •r•sa i.. -
"1.• .11r- . • •• ' • . . en/P•I i air: a• :. 4.. .
,• .
...
\‘: a; k -. 4: • .....„ ~.-. •. , ... .... ~,, - ,
~, , i • I ' • • • . • . .
..., . . .._
. , . •„... ..
.Jul. -.`:" ' • . ' '
" • . ". • o• to s : ol' . . A : • .....
../.."..""'__----------7, Ly%au . - , 7' . • 1eare...Lea............,
--, • - . .
• a
SUM BEn• PineetTel.J TUESDAY,
DECEMBER 4;• 185.
•-: • •• •- • tPRICE SEVER PENCE.
.. ...o •
9 . - -" ..........................4 . .
. ' ** I now laid.befnee you. The epitome is, that o the treaty
a()EINTY FIRE • OFFICE,_ AND .PROVIDENT PRIVATE PUPIL. •
AMERICAN.' PAPERS.
1, LIM OFFICE, Regent-street, and Royal F.xchaneo,. Lon- A .
MARRIED CLERGYMAN, formerly Tutor io
~ ties. ['has Seems to satisfy
not also at Falintaireli, Dublin, Paris, and all the Principal --ammo.-- . , i was as Mitaihted with fiend as most other 'lndian erect- .
a Nobleman, and subsequently receiving a few Pupils int,i
hi i Ico
rr
us
el loe i fs
engaged°i an:nththstienissai:a:teje. subject.
t. L. 7,,'1, it, Great Britain, Established in 1806.- • Capful a Million NEW YORK, Decrune V.
If the Creeks'
of Gmirg
his House a moderate distance from London, has now a Vacancy. -
.• riwg aed upmirds. He can offer the most satisfactory references to Gentlemen whose There is obviously a dispositiol. in various Piro °I than other tribes have been anrewnhoenw'•• • • . ' *
sons have been under his care.
gthOectiaretiaotnis,utphoenretohuegmh.t traifbedenforahneasietdatoiofnoalibioruletenos land
• roattoos a Premiums -First Class 15.641. per Cent. Fanning
the Union, to break down the Supreme Court of the
I. ,ck, iti certain CA/tell, Is. ed. per Cent.
Letters addressed to the R. D. E. Mr. Anderson's, Book. United States, or at least ta destroy its influence anti
-. 0 wscred share profits equally. •
lands, they are drives from 'their bowies ;et° the wilder-
,....• • have been paid immediately, and in rialto 1,700 set- sellers %Waterloo-place, Pallanall, Loudon, will be duly forwarded respectability. It is well known that a good deal of
Loot to him. -
excitement was produced in Kentucky two or. three ness, and reduce,' back to a Statoof savage life and.man-
j...7‘.
nets, other Indians have been as badly. heated before,and
f 251. and Raper Cent. have been paid invariably. v . ---1.------A--m•
year,* stnee, by a decision of that Court, which declared
. •
woos°
. f uO/, returned in duellist eleven years.
ASCENSION ISLAND. their o -occupant laws, as they are called, uncoasti-
.
therefore we ought to hold on, regardless oftheir corn-
: root, or LII• as. and 261. 12s. per Cent. have been paid on
tutional. This decision is mentioned by Governor plaints; and notwithstanding the charge of fraud against
-or
! . Policies. , .
st
thehi , el e
tit
aae
nas tgr :In
saMgatens tot
rfi itself.
kln gis seemsssatTmathp,.!ilseoaopef
r 0;
Desha, in his late message to the Legislature of that • • etitmtmhoeuras import
c4oncitol-f
•
• His Majesty's ship Tees, ow her voyage hemeward,
. •
State, as having been followed
.by very mischievous
wILDP:S SUPPLF.IIENT TO BARTON. - touched at Ascension, which island is rapidly rising
into usefulness and importance. Through the zeal and consequ-nces. Itand
ioticba
This day was published, Volume One a
ability of Colonel /*coils and his indefatigable party It is becoming very fashionable with Governors to
k sIi;'PLEMEN Ito Mr. BARTON'S PRECE- of .public justice-one that cannot easily be matched in
arraign vilely, and threaten the N stional Government
silty marines, this heretofore almost barren spot has , •
.1 'tool's I. ar CONVEYANCING • containing all thethe annals of modero times, and par Ocularly in the his.
Ilaneous Assurances there referred to; and also a great variety been made to produce abundance and variety of vege- in coarse and opprobrious lento age. If this c arse of tory of virtuous Republics.
• • oa
minor Assurances not comprised in that Work; with tables, consisting of French beans, sweet potatoes, leeks, conduct• on the part of these Magiorates is calculated
tioatniWe entertain no doubt, • . •
from the evidence that has
Enid-floury and Practical Notes. parsley, carrots, turnips, mange! wurzel, cabbage, to produce any effects upon the public mind, it must
si"'appeared, as well as from this negative concession.by
By S. F. T. WILDE, Esq. pumpkins, green peas, lettuce, spinach, cress, mustard, be an abhorrence of the Court, and contempt for, and ()over .
nor-Troup, that this treaty seas feaudulently ob.
Of the Inner Temple, Harriaterat Law. beans, chilies, water melons, musk melnns, bananas, opposition to, the National Government. • . . , ~
cameo-anat. it was not executed by persons properly*
The Third Edition. _ : and Cape r, ooseherrie3. . Already the whole African If the Federal Government is to, be held up. to a State • authorised ow the part Of the Indians-that it was Foci-
' 'ea which are added a great variety of Mercantile and Cearamer• s -ii
ti acit on refit Ind water there. During the last sigh- by its Chief Magistrate, in a ..batirial• address to the fied•• h • aid. •
in haste; without the necessary ipformation.....
.
, N.l Precedents, and also Farms of bsiZ, and other Promeasy
teen months, 56781bs of vegetables hive been supplied Legislature of- the community over which he presides,
-'•: Nora:not, suited to .Pliratitial eked . County purposes. Fly • • that s' f- • •
and
~ to esi area its on our art.p would be
th.riel Eaton, of Lincoln's Inn, Keil. • to various merchant ships' which bate put in there. ii • - •
as an oppressor and an tfithape.; and atencrsiailiing on cinet and intjuit ;' andhenee we confitiliitfr
y expect that'
London : Printed for flinty Eutterworth, Liw Bookseller the rights of thepeople of the State and the highest '
and The Admiralty have afforded every means of improving -
P.ltadier, 7, Fleet-street, near Temple Bar. the island. There is no custom•house, port, or an- judicial tribunal under the Constitotion- as the instro. •--
•
-••.- • • • - THE ENTERPRISE STEAM:VD/SW
HOWARD'S BEAUTIES OF SHERIDAN. ships in distress are ordered to be supplied at the same sions and usurpations, and practices its encroachments,
-ona- s S i s 7.1 •...•
-pock were published, in One Vol. royal 32m0. price 2s. Ed.bds rate at which Government lay in their provisions for and that it is the right, and may become the duty of The foltowiOg.4 an millet asf.* koer asertektor fo.
the Navy, so that no imposition of any kind is suffered ; the Governments
State
to defend themselves against passenger in the Enterprise 'steam-vessel, her
on way to
rIIIIE BEAUTIES of SHERIDAN, consisting of • • . such encroachments, mid their citizens against such 1
one pricers only asked or taken for every article, 3d. ndia, and dated Cape Towa, Oct. 14 :•
o soections from his Poems, Dramas, and Speeches.
By ALFRED HOWARD. per pound dead weight (excepting fowls, which are oppressions, by refusing obedience to the decisions of ~ We have at last reached ..the Cape in. i 'illy, and •
three for a duller), pigs, oats sheep, oxen, &c which the Coon, the state of things becpmes in the highest de- rh
. ough•we hate Made a loopiroyage, she practicability
" Tali work will afford to the Reader a complete picture orate 0
••.'.I mind of Sheridan, in all its varied forms. It contains the is never suffered to be exceeded: a very curious eel is gree interesting and important. Dees Governer Desha of the thing is established, and Ih ho the experience
iiceinsens of his Poetry (in fact, all his best Poems); of his taken in great plenty, which is called the Ascension intend to la the foundatian for a trial of strength, as that his hems gained will in future obvi rte ;h.! many •
Drixatic Writings, and also of his Orations. As a Supplement lamprey, it takes and pent: with salt equally well, so his language would seem to indicate,• between ICen• inconveniences and cl. • d ' ISA vantages -we have laboured
rhl Companion to the late excellent Life of Sheridan, by Mr. that a rich and wholesome dish can be had at the ex- tucky and the Nation? Or ,is he disposed to make under d •
this • during voyage of experiment. In the firs
bore, it will be found to be without a rival common cause with another haitobrained Magistrate at
Dense of 3d. per pound, to last all the way home ; it is place, the engines are not large enough for so h.•avO a
London: l'rinted by T. Davison, for Thomas Tem Cheapside ; • . . .. . that South, and see-who shielgovern the Union, them- • ' • •
used either boiled for breakfast, or boiled or fried for.•
~:il ill, Gritfiu and Cu. Glasgow; and Westley and Tyrrell,Dublin.
dinner. A rapid improiement is every day taking selves, or the National Gavernment? In either case to get more than eight knots from her. Another mistake
- • msy be assured, he will find himself engaged in an up- place in agriculture and horticulture, as well as road seems to have been, the little regard paid to the im- .
TOSEPII COOPER and SON, 93, Bishopsgate- making, building, &c. A turtle-pond of larger dimen- Profitable controversy. portance of the sailing department, and, certainly. not
1 street Within, beg most respectfully to return their thanks to sions is almost ready, and turtle are to be had all the . The Delegation of Creek Indians were introduced to .he least, the • ffi • me ctency of the creek.' We were*parti-
•:eir Friends and the Public, for the very liberal and-unprecedentedthe Pres.dent by the Secretary of War,.on Saturday, at i 1
yeaoround, but the season for turning them is from cu ar y unfortunate in our winds: in fact, nobody could '
ilonage they have experienced, and to assure them no exertion one
.o'clock, and were much gratified by the visit. Pre-
all be wanting on their part to merit a ceiatioUition of such sup- December to June; ships are supplied with them for have anticipated such uniform bad -luck ; we halve '
irt in the following various branchei connected with the Es
vious to this, they stated that they- felt much pain and ta. the value of about 3d. per pound of meat, withoutgenerally had to steam against heavy seas and bead
.isitnent.-J. Cooper and Son, think it necerry to state, that bone or shell, and anything taken in exchange they anxiety ; but since they have taken their Great Father winds, but even that could haye been combated with,
_fir workmen are of the first class; that, time materials may be by the hand, they are satisfied, and will wait with patience if we had had fuel •
may have to spare, such ascoffee, rice, tea, sugar,
~enough. We ran short of it ; were
1,,. i,..d1111 for durability and appearance, and the prices offering inn t .e result of their mission.-lealional Journal.
tant reductions for the advantage of immediate payment. grain of any kind, or plank, spars, itc. for boat and 'obliged to steer westerly to get winds, and it Was genie=
''
UPHOLSTERY.-In Upholstery. they 'study to combine house-building or mending. About forty tons of water PHILADELPHIA, Novnrsea SC rally agreed that this circumstance lost us teh days at
e and elegance, their style for Drawing-rooms. Boudoirs, and are kept constantly in readiness for ships in want of this Coecteso-The meeting of the Legislative Body of
least. From what I have seen,. I am •as ;sanguine es •
• dons, has been approved by the most distinguished families in the
roonn•-Carpeting and Floor Cloths of the Rawest patterns. necessary article, the Nation is now at hand ; and it must sty ike the most
LOOKNG-G LASSES of all desonainations-and from the - .i t aa_
Casual observer that it will be a busy Sessian ; subjects tinted that the voyage may almost be rendered.* cer•
oast to the most magnificert Mutations
SPAIN. - minty. The slavery ofshipping
of great moment, and those which cannot fail to find .
coals, and the memo
CARVING AND GILDING in alt its Branches. Frames • • ience to all on board, can only be conceived'
Pier and Chimney Glasses, and Paintings, in every variety, -miniso.- strenuous opponents and warm advocates, will be dis• een . sby
. . those who have suffered from it ; the- dust was ititoleo •
cussed. We referred a few days since to the probabo. t
the simplest to the most superb. PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. table..-.you Might have mistaken us Ili fir Africans...-.
PAPER-HANGING in the most Chaste and Decorative style. lity that the question of a Bankrupt Law- would be
CABINET WO R K.-New-fashions suggested, with a brilliant . NAN", Dm- 12. early presented to Congress-recent events in the nrer- I understand this nuisance will be removed nest voyage, 1
tabltion of .Superior Workrainship, and Wood of the most The price of wheat is at present from 48t. to .565. per • .. and that they intend to .establish •several depots, and
cants!, community are not likely to lessen the call
_utile, qualities. quarter; barley 185.0 d. to
es. per quarter. The former • only fill the coal boxes forward, which %ill be sufficient
' FUN ER ALS furnished, arid conducted with the greatest re- has
experienced,
within these few days past, a rise 'of which the people will make for its passage.
for about fifteen day:' consuat tion • such aplan
-ability and attention.Tne Georgia claim will give rise to much discussion, P r would
'SALES BY AUCTION, APPRAISIYO, AND HOUSE something less than 6d. in consequence of which, on and it will be surptioug if the warmth or 'debate does enable. . . them to carry agood deal of cargo, The •
rat a•
aIENCY.-They Register Estates and Houses for 'Sale, or to Saturday last, the loaf of two pounds weight, excellent not chinery is excellent, and has not bean' out of (weer
somewhat exceed the propriety of a national comm-
on every part of the United Kingdom. Their very extensive household bread, was sold at a halfpenny higher than • . during the voyage • the engines did all that was es.*
ell. Where so much has been said at the Government,
~ ons afford peculiar facilities to their clients, for disposing before. This trifling augmentation raised considerable ec;ed from them; We have
.
psteamed fix.. tea days
`crery species of Property designed for Sale. Household Fur- it will. be a wonder if a little is not said to it, and as a
momentary clamours at the public stanch, and other together, without Popping for more thin teu minutes
:ae purchased at liberal prices; or removed to a convenient sl- nucleus is particularly d.:sirable at the present time,
lianafor disposal, where sales on the premises ate objected to. places where bread is soid for as the rains continue to
uoa which to wind an opposition, little delicacywill . a-day to oil the different parts o net which 4, I believe,
ESTATES SURVEYED AND VALUED. fall in great abundance, and are most seasonable for an P • •
RECEIPT OF RENTS, Securities and all descriptions of Pro- excellent future crop, the people, whose national motto be observed in the selection of a subject to form its basis.
!rave done. The flues of the 'bailer were covered with
y managed with promptitude anti dispatch, whether under -
is " Bread and Bull•fights" (Pan g Toros), never take The Georgia question is wholly irrelevant to the feel.,
thick incrustation after having steamed fur any time,
lg, or ode:miser-and ample Security given where required. usgs and political views of Mr. Adams; the dispute be- a -
95, Bishopsgate-street Within. into consideration, that however promising the prospectwhich was always chipped off, whenever they..stoppe••,
• tween the individual State and the General Clover&
may be for hereafier, when there is a scarcity of wheat, to clear the engine thoroughly. F. om hating obliged to
ta• Families waited upon in any Part or the United Kingdom. . • nt was engendered among, the events of a • preeedine
. as is really the case here at present, and very distress- mAde •• ' • • • "'. • deviate from our course, we put into Sr. Thomas's, as
tration •it will nevertheless he suited to the mints , . . . .
ingly in the Mancha, the bakers must necessarily raise we required water. The Governer is a Portuguese '
11 R. BOERHA AVE'S RED PILL (No. 2), a eels. the price of bread; but the moment that takes place, uses of the embryoparty.
purp .
•
General ; he dined on board, and we paid• him the '
From the exertions of one paper at the eastward and
`w heated anti-venereal and purifier of the hhiod. These Pills however inconsiderable the augmentation,, nothing is respect of appearing in our uniforms. We drank the
be inferred that soa it may .e op-
!peculiarly useful tri those who are obliged to travel, or rola* 11.- beard but the cry of go To the gallows with the bakers another at the south, King of Portugal's health in three times three: he re-
am without interruption of business. By mild and safe operation,position will be made in the Senate, to the confirmation
they are all a set of rogues, thieves, and d-d rob. turned thanks, and proposed the health of Goarge the
'Lry strike at thearoot of disease, and quickly eradicate it; thereby
:mining the fatal effects to which thousands ire vitriol.: co. ben." There is abundance of corn ip Old Caste; but t, En land. . rousth. By a private signal, he fired a myal salute
.
"):,directions are given with each box, by which the patient can for want of inland conveyance by canals. the expense of ".• g from the fort at the same instant : it had its effect, and
thee Synod of New Jersey have recommended the
:sitter to himielf With Safety and secrecy. A single trial will prove carriage by other means must necessarily enhance the 6 the Eing's health was never more loyally toaifed: 4--
Interior efficacy and power to Subdue and expel disease, even • - • . • first Fridayof December next to be observed by the .
price here m Madrid. Little more than half a century ago, no man •in his
leather remedies have failed. churches under their care, as a day of humiliation, fast.
•
Sold by Mr. it. Johnston, No. 68, CornhiU ; Mr. Sanger, 1.50. The Spaniards, With scarcely any exception; know,
ing, and prayer. senses would have hazarded the conjecture, that a vessel
,durd-itreer ; Mr. "Ward, Holborn; bk. Stradliug. Royal Ea,. practically, no substitute for bread, nor are they ever .
/she Weehawk Bank has stood a hard siege,ill conse- so propelled should ever appear in these.seao Captain
baits; and all Medlcitie Venders. Price ad. per box. willing. to admit the use of vegetables, or esculent roots,Jonerrow, and the spirited voyagers who accompanied
queues of the suspicions created by the failure of the .
' to supply the place of what, with them, is most em- • • lam, deserve all the claims of public respect and grata-'
Protection and Lombard. A run was made upon the
. .
phatically called the staff of life. As PROVIDENCR has tude which are due to them for this first experiment,
• THE MUTINY; . so ordained it that there is no evil but what eventually '
bank and out" of 72,000 dollars afloat, the bank
which is one of the most interestin ever made by
promptly re seemed 45,000 dollars, and is prepared to .. . . 11
OR, SAFETY. IN SUPERSTITION. produces some good or other, however great a calamity, • civilization.
redeem the whole if necessary. Banks with capital and
both moral and physical, the invasion of the Peninsula f " Next to the period when Vasco de Genie daub' ed the
A SHIP homeward bound, by Lascars chiefly mann'd, character can always he sustained.-Noah's New York
• by Napoleon was, the long permanence of the French Cape-when Europe lay benighted in ignorance, and
Li• A scheme of revolt on the'passage they planed ;Advertiser. ,
led r!-iits , u mast, the-Europeans attack'd, troops in the country, but still more, the great dearth, . TRENTON, NOWISILR 28. sunk in the grossed barbarism-when its commerce eas
• native and fanciful ditties back'd! nay, famine, particularly in 1812, introduced, and . . , confined to a few unwieldy vessels that coasted alt•ng
From present prospects it is supposed the Legism- . . . • .. .
different cast,, yet their idols agreed pretty much generalized, the use of potatoes, so much its shores, freighted with mendicant friars and credu-
cure will rise about the Bth proximo. .
na all the Lascars should united proceed 60, that the person now writing has known a sack of loos pilgrims, that of Thursday last was one of the most
°Mauer the vessel, and spare not in strife Un the 234 inst. both houses of the Legislature .
potatoes sold at three. four, and five dollars, whilst, interesting consideration. We seem to feel that we
tyrannic Christian dog's infidel life ! closed their doors on confidential business. The object
• before the distress, the same quantity would have are living nearer home, and that the interminable ocean
Captain -appris'd of the mutiny, knew was to secure the interests of the State in the Lombard
!art the impendirg result to subdue • scarcely sold-fora shilling ; at present the consumption
and Protection Bank, which lately failed at Jersey may be eventually brought into a closer uniodwith our
• courage gave way to the mutinous 'horde of potatoes is confined to the very lowest classes a City. country and kindred;
They passed an act repealing the charter of the
o terror now reign'tl the stout vessel aboard. seCiety, but never as a succedaneum or substitute for -
Bank, and appointed Commissioners to take possession
Resign not all hope!" a brave passenger said, bread, but rather according to an expression not un-property of t e.. an , and investigate its con
of the hB k ' • • - A letter from Hayti, dated November 74h. an-
At bast Superstition shall lend us her aid."-1 flounces that the island was perfectly tranquil, and that
ccimmon in some parts of the British Empire, as some-
cerns, consisting of Messrs. Caleb, S. Riggs, and Wi -
Boots then of matchless resplendency gene d, thing uhetewith to kitchen the bread. Here they never Mr. MALLZR, the French Consul-General, and two
which the fine forms of reflection wese erne d, liam Pennington of Neetark, and Peter Kean of Eli-
tooteroi the mutinous Lascars on deck. boil the potatoes !We and entire-Othey' cut them into
z ibetb town. We are informed the Commissioners other Consuls, had just arrived.
o tlireateti'd on each ample vengeance to wreck : slices put the:Uinta a 'pith, and fry them with oil, lard,
P . found some specie" in the Bank. By the American ship Pactolns, Captain Beesom,-
. • .
Ye •which is arrived at Cowes; 105 days from Batavia, we
, bdurate race, who thus cherish your evilness or half a pound. or a quarter of a pound of stock-fish : -
the half dozen Bank-Bills that were before the Le.
iiisl,.?! that even follow'd from far distant chutes ' ' 1
if at any 'tune 'they boil the potatoes, it is by first peel- . . • learn that an insurrection has taken place between, the
alr idols appear, to disclaim your pursuits . gisiature, have either been negatited or postponed to .
if
and slicing them, and then -throwing them into a • natives and Europeans (Dutch), in the eastern part of
al chute their abode in a Briton's bright Boots." next Session. :This, we think, the pat isle will hear with •
`pot cloves of garlick, large onions, cabbage, tor- the island, in the vicinity of Samarang. A number ol•
1 Latcars the creed transmigrttion ham"- some satisfaction, smarting as they do under the griev- .
rc p4ftnger's words the revolters receive nips, parsnips, ate. Allthose ingrediehts form a sort
antes of institutions of this kind incorporated by former Chinese have been killed, and a number of the villa
-
inuof of their faith, and to duty adhere, • of olio with .theezelitsiori of meat •; for if, upon' any .. • burnt; the coffee and rice plantations hiclbeen destroyed
Legislatures.-Fit •
omore if their Idols with Christians' appear I *partiatar oceat .n, or marked Solemnity, a small pot- . . by the natives. Several. actions have also takeh place
I wish was complied with,
and during-the voyage lion of animal food be added, the • banquet is then a ' NEW YORK. NOTIBUZZ W. between the natives and the Gdvernmeet troops, •with
or Lascars no longer in duty were lacklog ; .
idols that awed them were ken' in lgfeewettrap, • 'MPSna luptuoili sone; but bread there must be, and Monday next Congress will commence their Sessioo, equal success; that all the male population of Eu•
. •
itild lava was the vessel by Warmers ,411117. BiACIET.S6. . plenty of it, and of a good vitality. No -people, not As we have a new Lxecutive, and a new Legislature, ropeans at Batavia were compelled to turn out four
Easy Shining arid Brilliant BLACKING Prepared by
bi{ e'en the French excepted, ate hillier tote pleased than the country will' look with considerable solicitude to the days in the week, to do military duty. Government had
the Spaniards in point of bread ; .
if it 'be not good they President's Message, and the proceedings of the Houses: supplied them with atilt 'h it sipprehended-that drams '
/ ze
erumble, growl, curse, apd swear Most confoundedly, Case subject which will engage the attention of thee,. a reiaforeemeet of ijoreotriftent Droops should ipeetlity •
*ad sooner than eat hard or stale bread, they will almost yerameps will be, the treaty which, in form at !least, was aniveotheozotives Triad get opolemMiOn of the Wand. ;
a),7le,d lk-ietin. fast-it must be quite fresh, of the day's • baking. o. entered into last winter with some of the Chiefs of the CtifFeeetid rice Itylt and seatvie... Troops, were sent
Furnish them with this lulufy, and at their ownrree.
price,
30, STRAND, Bunton; • ono other
.privation is nortMered of reiltild at ; butif
, speaking of this treaty, his gicellency GOVertkOt Troupe-stalled Brantham Bay. -It ri•
also I rebended did 4.
.1' •
.. . .t. it
And sold in every Town in the Ki in this cardinal point theTsbe mat Moat saliSfattorilO in his message •to the Legislature of, (Titer is sayi-so kollorfetrioriorill break' dot 'there. 11 eeminthiketiou
LIQUID in Bottle
Bottles, 6d. 104. 12d. and 18d. each. • • I '
4 ;?.°„IIASTE BLACKING, r atified,.then, indeed, the characteristical apitiii is The-history of the treaty of 1825,,and the ihatrieter of by laid bits Wein 'out Of brthetiatifteir betook ammo '
in Ptst 6d. 124 and tad each ..1..
- "linni Pin of l' . • s' ' '• • shaken off, and the whole of their irascible . faculties the treats which folloved, will be leaved by, the ,rang spa -lace--Dm 4'. Arrived at 1,,i,d. e C
is.v 13 Lipial to Four Is. Bottles of Liquid. 9
i 47 .Ilk for AV A I tREN'a Wading, . burst forth. in
documents and evidence heretofore Piiblisbed; sued those- packet ship, James Cropper, Marshall, fro! ,
. - - .. • . • •- . ' . . .
• . • t •. orioso. u• a:
. . . . •.. . .
. • • • • • • • • . ss
. .
a
• •
• - - ' •
•• • •
. •
