4tnounoN OF. Ting SLAVE litAbli.

TE Friends of HnuAnityireacquaited that a
COmtnittee, formed in pursuance of the Fifteenth luso-.
lution entered lariat the numerous and respectable fvleeting of
the FRIENDS orthe A.ROLITION of the SLAVE TRADE,
at the Preentaille's Tavern, en the l'ith June, 'meet daily at the
New London Tavern, dieapside, from Ten o'Clock in the
Matting till Ten in tbe Evening, and who will be *glad to re-
ceive and communicate information on the 'subject. The Com-
mittee cannot refrain from eipresdng their hope, that in aiding
this great elitist of Humanity and Justice, all Party Spirit will
be entirely suppressed; 'timing the sole object of the Committee
to obtain the Abolition of a Traffic abborredsby all Pardee.
It is reguested that all Communications be addressed to Teo-
WAS C 1.442402, Esg. Chairman of the Commktee, New Lon-
don Tavern, Cheapside, London.—June 24, 1814.

ABOLITIQS OP THE SLAVE TRADE.
LEst the Friends of the Alpolition of the Slave
Trade skield habitue that It will be moireceosary ,or onkel
`Sliflonseesd witb the Petitkins Dow in contemplation, the Coin-
NitiONNlNitk their &sty te mein:send an wave perseverance in
tide •tedliedisal and pesteattlentede of pcoteeding till the sense
ofthe wbeleeeentry be expressed on this horrible Trade.
New LosidoSTavern, Cheepside, London,

~ 27th of

1614.

• ,;0.T.,844tRY.'141040i0Ni hiss 17, 1814.
AT a MEETING of. the INHABITANTS in
Vestry assembled pursuant to a liequ !Atop for that
PurPoses

" To take into consideration the propriety of adopting.the
Petition of the Meeting, lately held at the Freemason's
Tavern, to both Hessen of Parliament, respecting the
Clause in the late Minty of Peace on the subject of the
Stem 'Trade;' •
Mr. THOMAS GRIPIPITH, Churchwarden, in the Chair.
The Requisition for convening this Meeting having been read,
the following Resolutions wrre unanimously agreed to;
That no State or Community can furnish to another means
for perpetrating acts of injustice and murder, knowing that the
means so afforded are to be so employed without becoming ac-
cessary to these Acts.

That no plea of policy, or state necessity can justify any com-
pact between two States which has for its object to entail misery
end slavery 011 the inhabitants of another country.
That the restoratioa to France by this country of Colonies in
which the *reported= of Slaves had been prohibited, and of her
African Feels sod Notifies, not only without a stipulation -that
the Slave 'Tirade should not be revived, but with a provision fur
Its revival, Is furnishing France with means which are avowedly
to be employed is perpetrating' cts of injustice and murder.
I _ _

That. deeply impressed with the conviction that in every such
compact both parties become equally guilty, and that it is impe-
' rative on every member of the community to exert every legal
means in his power to prevent the perpetration of such flagrant
acts of wickedness, ft becomes the duty of this Meeting to pre-
, sent Petitions to both Houses of Parliament, praying thq to
take this important bulimia into their moat serious consideration,
albel to adept such messime as Ns their wisdom shall sewn maw,
far preventing the revival of the Slave Trade in any of the Colo-

sip or Conntrks which ha►e been freed from so great a curse
by the valour and justice of this country.
That the Petitions now read, be approved.
That the Right Hon. Gamma Lord CA unman be requested
to present the Petition to the House of Lords, and WILLIAM
MELL:su, Esq. one of the Members for this County, the Peti-
tion to the Home of COMMODS.

That the cordial Thanks of thh Meeting .14 even to the
Chairman for his polite and impartial conduct in the Clair.
Tiot theist Resolutions be published in the Times, Morning
Chronicle, Morning Post, STA a and Courier Newspapers.
R. OLDERSHAW, Vestry Clerk.

FARLMMENTARr PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE 29.
THE DUKE OF WELLINGTON.

Shortly after three o'clock, the LORDCHANCELLOR
having taken his seat on the Woolsack, a numerous
assemblage of Peers being present, the above men-
tioned Illustrious Nobleman was introduced into the
House with every possible splendour and formality
which the occasion admitted, and which the noble
and excellent subject of it so justly merited. The
Duke of NORFOLK, acting as E:srl Marshal, led the
procession into the House. Sir ISAAC Heattn, Knight,
Garter King at Arms, appeared in his tabard and
state habiliments, and Sir Thomas TeRWHI IT,
Knight, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, on the
occasion. The illustrious Duke of WELLINGTON en-
tered the House, supported by their Graces the Duke
of RICHMOND and the Duke of DF.AUFORT, all in mi.
litary uniform, and in their ducal robes of state.—
Being arrived in the body of the House, and near the
Woolsack, the Dote of WELLINGTON made the usual
obeisance to the LORD CHANCELLOR, and shewed his
patent and Writ of summons : the illustrious perso.
nages then epproached the table, where his Grace of
WELLINGTON': various patents and peerage, as Vis-
r count, Earl, Marquis, and lastly as Duke, were each
read by the Clerks. The Oaths were then admini-
stered to his Grace, and the Test Rolls were signet,'
by him. He then, accompanied by his Noble Sup-
porters, cook his seat on the Duke's Bench, and sa•
luted the House in the usual manner, by rising, tak-
ing off his hat, and bowing respectfully.
The LORD CHANCELLOR then rose,. and
pursuant to their Lordships' order of yesterday, ad-
dressed his Grace to the knowing general purport :
" MY LOAD DUKE OF WELLINGTON..-In obedience
to the commands of their Lordships, I have on this,
occasion to communicate to your Grace the `,''hanks,
of this Honse, and the cordial congratulations of
their Lordships on your return from your Continental
service, and on your introduction to a seat of the
very highest rank and dignity in this House. Tbose
high and distinguished honours have been well and
eminently merited by your Grace, by a long series
of splendid and signal services, performed in various
places and situations, but more especially on the
C.ontinent of Europe. - The cordial and applauding
Thanks of this House—thehighest honorary distinc-
Lion in the power of their Lordships to bestow—have
not' only been most frequently and repeatedly voted
to 'no, with the most perfect unanimity, but your

Grace has had the additional satisfaction of being,
the medium and channel through which the like ho-
nours have been conveyed at various periods to other
gallant and meritorious Officers, who commensu-
rately distinguished themselves under your Grace's
directions and command. In the instance of your
Grace also, is to be seen, the first and most honour-
table distinction of a Member of this Hduse, being at
his first introduction placed in the veir,y#thest and
most distinguished rank among their cps, and
in the Peerage. No language, no expre 6n of mine,
however fully I feel impressed with their magnitude
and importance, can do justice to your great and un-
paralleled services and merits, their nature and cha-
racter is such as will render the name of Wellington
immortal, and will constitute one of the most brilli-
ant epochs in the history of this country. They have
een frequently and justly felt by this House, and
repeatedly made the subject of its thinks and its
'applause. In the sentiments so often and so justly
• .reseed by the House, 1 haves for my own humble
part, most fully and cordially participated. The"
wisdom, gallantry, and exertions so frequently dis-
played by your Grace, in a long series of services in
the kingdoms of Portugal and Spain, is beyond any
language I can use, to characterise or express. Your
freeing the kingdom of Portugal from the arm and
power of France—your glorious career of victory, in
subduing on various occasions, and pursuing the
enemy through the territory of Spain, more espe-
cially on the signal occasions of the victories of Sala-
manca and Vittoria, the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo,
and other mighty fortresses, will be luminously in-
scribed in the page of British history, as well as your
subsequent successes, by which you led on the Allied
forces, until you had established them in occupation
far within the territories of France. Great and int-
pertant as these services are in themselves, their con-
sequences are incalculable, with reference not only to
their so greatly contributing to secure the proipperity
and tranquillity of your own country, but to the
peace, the happiness; and the independence of Eur Ope
at large, by infusing the spirit of resistance, and en-
abling other countries to place themselves in that
state, which enabled them successfully to resist the
influence and the power of the common enemy.—
You will have the heartfelt, the glorious satisfaction
of considering yourself asprincipally instrumental in
the achievement of this great work, and for all which
I feel a conscious pride and satisfaction in beidg the
organ of communicating in person, and on this au-
spicious occasion, the recent Vote of Thanks of this
House, which lam thus directed to pronounce—
That the Thanks and Congratulations of this House
be given to Field Marshal the Duke ofWellington,
on his return from his command on the Continent of
Europe, and for the great, signal, and eminent ser-
vices which he has so repeatedly rendered therein to
his Majesty and to the public." `
The LORD CHANCELLOR hivint expresned himself
generally to the foregoing effect, in a must feeling
and impressive manner—
His Grace the DUKE of WELLINGTON, evi.
dently under strong and laudable tech, gs of embar-
rassment, proceeded to answer the Address from the
Woolsack, in terms as we could hear them to the
following effect : —He assured his Lordship and the,
House, he felt himself overwhelmed by the strength'
of his feelings, as occasioned by what he must con-',
skier as the very flattering language far beyond his
personal merits, in which the expressions of their.
Lordships favour and approbation, as conveyed to
him that day, and for which he had to tender his
most sincere and grateful thanks. The successes
which had attended his humble but zealous efforts in
the service of his country, he had principally to attri-
bute to the ample supp art which he had received
from his Prince, his Gbvernment, and that country;
and also to the zealous cooperation and assistance
which he had received from his gallant and merito-
rious companions in arms, and the valour and exer-
tions of that army which be had the honour to com-
mand. The support which he had thus received, en-
couraged and excited him, and gave rise to that con-
duct, in which, by the favour of Parliament, its
inanimous approbation and applause had been pro.
nounced. Fur those honours, to that of the other
House of Parliament, he felt most gratefully indebt-
ed. These, together with the very kir.d and flatter-
ing manner in Which the Noble Lord was pleased to
express himself, he repeated, were sufficient to over-
whelm-one who felt unconscious of deserving such a
degree of panegyric and eulogium. He could assure
their Lordships he had endeavoured to serve his
country aad his Prince to the very best of his power
and ability, and that be would always endeavour so
to do whenever occasion may require it, in the best
manner in which his limited capacity would allow
bins.—(Load and repealed cheers).—His Grace then
retired to unrobe. He wore a Field-Marshal's uni-
form, with his blue ribband and other insignia of the
Order of the Garter, and looked remarkably well.—
On his return into the House, he sat for a few mi-
nutes on the extremity of one of the benches, and then
retired fir the evening.
Their Graces the Duchesses of RICHMOND and
WkLLINOTON were present on this auspicious occasion,
as were the Countess Dowager of Mousier; ros (the
Duke of WELLINVION'S Mother) and Lady CHAR-
LOTTE LEIINOX.
The Royal Assent was declared, by Commission,
to the Loan Bill, the Wool Removal, the Cape
Wines, and to a few other Acts, chiefly of a private
or local nature.

The Lords Commissioners were the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR, and the Earls Of CHOLUONDELRY and LI-
VERPOOL.
Their Lordships then adjourned for some time
during pleasure.
About &•e o'clock the House resumed. .
On the Motion of the Duke of NORFOLK, the
order respecting the Pantheon Theatre Bill was post-
poned till to-morrow, when his Grace said he should
move the second reading of the bill.
The One Millioa and a Halt Exchequer hills
