-~ -t-~--------.R-,

~!

:7

- --w-.-.-

~lca.+ter j sue. •r•.. "~- .a;--~-- . +~

MACHINERY AND THRASHING MACHINES.

PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.

We observe the provincial papers filled with extracts cir-
culated, and, perhaps, paid for, taken from a trite sugar-
and-water production, about the advantages, or pretended
results of machinery. Now, it was a good theme for a
school-boy's exercise, to prove what no one disputed, ?rat it
is a base and wilful sophism, to pretend that any opposition

Paco', Opinion*, and Public Exertions connected with this great Na.
dons' Question.
( To be continued until et Plan be brought before Parliament.)
P LT4 TANCE.—On Tuesday last, a public meeting of the
inhabitants aas convened by the Mayor, in compliance with
a requisition signed by one hundred and ten of the most res-
pectable residents, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament
for a reform in the representation of the pile, and
retrenchment in the public expenditure. Robert Richards,
Esq. the Mayor, presided. Mr. W. Harvey addressed
the assembly, r-id proposed a Resolution, declaring the ne-
cessity of Reform, which was seconded by Mr. Thos. Coul-
son, who also delivered his sentiments on the subject with
much ability. On a show of hands being demanded, Mr.
W. Coulson proposed an amendment in favour of the vote
by ballot, which was ultimately adoptc I by a large majority.
Tau tto.—A meeting of the inhabitants of this town was
held on Tuesday in the Town Hall, at which petitions to
blth Houses of Parliament were agreed to, with only two
dissentient voices, playing them " to agree to the only ade
grate means of obtaining a remedy for the evils that of
the country—namely, an efficient reform in the represen-
; such a reform as shall wholly and for ever deliver
our country from the baneful influence and reproach of bo-
rough patronage ; extend the elective franchise, so as to
include inhabitant householders generally; make snob
changes in the mode of taking the poll at contested elec-
tions, as shall diminish most materially the expenses there-
of; shorten the duration of Parliaments, and provide for the
free and unbiassed exercise of the Elective Franchise, in
the only way which can effectually secure the object—
namely, by adopting the mode of Voting by Ballot.

,

Learned Lord amid sot tell. He thought the beat .
was amid ponds. s resit upon those who rejected
fore, as the oust imospedises answer be could '
aired, he ebould ores be lime to withdraw the
The 811 l was ssessithmly withdrawn.—The House
HO SE OF COMMONS
Mr. CALVERT preanted a petition from the
Southwark, spinet the Landon.bridge Approaches
the committee es the bill.

to machinery has arisen from any doubt in regard to its Sir J. NEWPORT retpessed till March 7,
general advantages. The only question at issue, which the First Fruits Fend, Ireland.
question this jejune production evades, is the indemnity Alderman WOOD moved for a retina of the inhabited
due to those who are temporarily injured, and rendered Geosvenor, Belgtme, and Euston.squues.—Ordered.
Alderman 'WOOD presented a petition from Co
destitute by the first introduction of some new machi- foe the repeal of the assessed taxes; and a petitions
nery. If the author of the Pamphlet in question had foe a repeal of the duty on coals.
with honesty met this question, and treated of the mode Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition
general fast.
and extent of relief in such cases, he would have merited Mr. HUNT wished to ask, as one hon. member
the thanks of the country. A poor man who gets 12s. or and this manlier toady to second, en application for
150. a week, finds even this employment taken from him by then they were aware that a general fast was taking
some clever new machine. Ought he then to be required about a third part of the population.
Mr. PERCEVAL observed that he thought
to lose his means of subsistence for a public advantage ? I justifiable, to acknowledge the blessings received
All maxims of justice, and all the usages of society—say Good.
No! If the machine is a public benefit, it ought to be Mr. HUNT was as reedy as the lion. Member
worth the while of the public to make reasonable compensa- besides of the Giver of all Goodness ; but if man
Iten of that House would resign that foe which
Son for it. A tract on this all-important subject would be Illitifinte people would be somewhat benefitted.
truly worthy of general circulation. . Ms PRECEVAL disregarded this personality I
But, after all, superficial book makers and theorists are not Amnia the motion, he should endeavour to support
, Lord MORPETH observed that this was m
the men to decide questions of this nature. Let us hear the into the merits of the general question, at the
observationeof Mr. F. K. EAGLE, of Mildenhall, Suffolk, on were mein it must be exported that they would '
the worthlessness of THRESHING MACHINES, and we shall Mr. HUME thought the hoe. member for P,
then be able to estimate the cruel mistakes of many late son- ' his remarks, and he should be prepared to express
this preposterous motion when the subject was is-
tences ou machine breakers. don ordered to lie on the table.
" Si it, —Nothwithstanding all that has been said, I feel Mr. HUNT said he meant nothing personal, ,
myself bound to declare, that after the most deliberate at- know the hon. member's (Mr. Perceval's) name.
tension that I have been able to give to the subject, I am of the subject. and not to Mdividuals.
Mr. GUEST presented a petition from a parish in
opinion that the increase of the acknowledged great evils of 'he duty on coal; and from four plaets in tilamorgan,
the country—pauperism, poor-rates, and what is called " a 111IPERIAL PARLIAMENT. Parliament : and save notice that on the 13th of F- •
redundant population," is owing to " an over issue" of ma- for a Select Committee to inquire into the pensions
chinery. Having used this expression I trust I shall have HOUSE OF LORDS, Fes. 7. List, with a view to confine them to services pert. r:.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented a petition
cleared my way of a chew of collision with those who Lord RADNOR presented a petition from Folkestone, and other a repeal of the duty on coal, and a petition from
think that they have an answer to the possible supposition plays, praying foe Parliamentary Reform. The noble rd also pre- other places complaining of distress.
thei coal duty. _
that a thrashing machine may be injurious, by asking in a elTidteartaeliodnlfrAnFTPielgr againc"Ipetitions to the saute effect a general
iv fast
Mr. BRISCOE presented a petition from
triumphant tone, whether hoes and spades are not machines, from Melcombe Regis— and Honiton.esent
JOAN JOH ' NOON presented petitions
and whether I would propose to dig the earth with ourhands ? . Lord DUNCAN presented a petition from Dundee, signed by 6,014 Yorkshire against slavery.
"The question of what would be the case if nothing wore persons, for parliamentary reform. The noble lord oanskleted this the Mr. HARVEY said he had a petition to
done by the machinery, is best answered by asking what most important petition presented from S.cotiand. on that subject. It man of the name of Walker, which lova
was agreed to at a mating of persons of different political opinions, but House and the eministrstion of justice.
would be the case if thing were done by machinery. all agreed in the necessity of reform. The petitioners stated that they a petition in the name of Peddles, which
"Itis a question of degree, and Ido not mean to contend had heard with .horror and indignation an assertion that the people of that House, complaining of the admioisf
with those who think that the proper remedy for an over Scotland were not desirous of reform. If the People of Scotland had Court of Canterbury, might be produced 1,
issue of any kind is no issue at all. been silent on the subject of reform, it was not from apathy, but the Bench to tr: given in evidence on a trial
difficulty of obtaining redress. The noble lord also presented a petition to take place on WednesdaineXl. On the present
" Having guarded myself, I hope, against misconstruction to the same effect from the United Trades of Dundee, and one, signed •
petition to the house, Dr. ushington who was
on this head, I shall proceed to a consideration of the em- by 6,000, from Diairgowrie Perthshire. Route, gave such a character of the present petitioner.
ployment of thrashing machines, as the most immediate sub- Lord DURHAM ' two petitions foe reform presented
ject of attention. THE etagere AND TITS& been published in the Mirror of Parliament, cot
" I confess that I have looked with &considerable degree of Lord KING rose.to give notice of his intention, this day fortnight, to rar'skusid°llngton :eneld;d:ld tltlnPie.titoir jirehi''l brought
anxiety for a statement on which reliance can be placed, as move their lordships do order a copy of the Report of the Archbishop and was advised by Cs counsel that tire pro:luction
to the relative nominal cost of thrashing by means of a ma- of Dublin to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland respecting the the trial would be necessary.— He was aware that
chine or by a flail in point of fact. One would have unioe of Wicklow to be laid before the house. He thought it necessary Properly Protected foe what they said in House the
thought after all that has passed npou die subject of those to move for that document, in order that some noble person might be brouglx,
.147,1 git Dr;fLp.avfor. theew ptt.ibl,ircialteion the, '
machines, that the point had been long ago well ascertained, prepared to demand explanation upon the conduct of the Archbishop of Mr. iIARVEY moved that the properpetition
and was now undisputed. Some of the Learned Judges Dublin. It was but fair to state what course be meant to pursue. It was King's Bench with said don.
have stated in their late charges to grand juries, as mat- understood that the Archbishop of Dublin had represented the union of .bAr,... HUME ER
Ida tee
hmaodti been on.
written
ter of course, that Ow use of them makes corn cheaper. Wicklow to be worth 9,9001. a year and the privy council on that se. the su sad bed marred them to the
and all the theoretical reasoning upon the subject has Presentation had agreed to the union. The noble lord said he could that the seniefog des any act tending
been founded on such a basis. A variety of intelligent Peeve it was near 19,0001. a year The statement the* appeared lo be "ember of tbe nme into question in a Court
farmers have informed me that, considering the straw, &c. so false, that it would justify him (Lord K.) in addressing the mown to
andthus
MiorHUME said be had presented the
it costs as much to thrash by a machine as by a flail ; on dissolve the said union. The noble lord moved that the lords be summoned d les,. build, id, Mgt=
e. amaidalli;t4 dilloot it '
the other hand, another has said, that the saving amounted for this day fortnight. Ordered. Seeing several of the Reverend Bench tory *dawn Ws was published in ~
in some instances to as much as eightpence in a coomb of Present.. He took the opportunity of presenting a number of petitions and was node the sediset of an anion b!
for
wheat in favour of the machine ! which he should be sorry to introduce in the absence of those Reverend was sot bought aping Da
cleat Hems, and be tbeagla zzarbs sot
" But however important it may be to ascertain the fact Prelates. The first was signed by several thousands of inhabitants '_, Mr. Peddles's, bet dee predeedee of the
correctly, it is for my present purpose immaterial, and I will the county of Somerset, against what they called the pernicious thh• not say
itethe peddle pesesseld was lir.
assume that the quantity of wheat which would be thrashed sYstents which they described to be the cause of their distress. They him wr.
in a week by a labourer with his tail for ten shillings, would added that tithe**, originally Olen for the eePleet of the Poor t bat refusing lIIL fi'letiettio,
said,,ashettwour
etitateidwurl
be thrashed by a machine for six ; and will then, however at the present day they not only paid tithe, but supported the poor. secondary evidence, so that justice would 1
paradoxical it may at first appear, proceed to state why I Tithe was a barrier against agricultural improvement. It was said to *ferment of privfte.
think, that although, to a certain portion, machine thrashing be the property of the church, and the church establishment, but it was W. LYTTLETON thought the application
is the cheapest, yet that to the great majority it is in reality public property, and should be dealt with for the benefit of the state•
atirullowlse should refuse the pedtion, then
the dearest. The line of distinction will be between those on It prevented the employment of labourers, and beams a heavy tax on Sir. HARVEY said, he was not aware tr..
the one hand connected with the land, and bearing the great tiros Produce- The time had gone by for composition of tithe. No. would be sufficient; be should, however, press
burden of the poor-rates—and those, on the other hand, thing would now do but commutation for tithe' gadve might appear on the journals.
whose property is altogether exempt from those rates, or af- The Bishop of LINCOLN was surprised to how the Noble Lord as. .The motion was then put and negatived.
Mr. SYKES said, the motions for Reform
fected in so slight a proportion as to render the contribution sat that tithe Wall not private property. The Noble Ladwouldana Abolition of Slarmy, were both fixed for ."
that tithes were established by persons who erected places of worship,
comparatively of no consequence. and wished to raise the means of paying for religious asevlcp. He could Mr.se arrangement,,, should be made.
he would mention
"I do not of course attempt to deny the naked proposition not see how tithe could be public property. Wishout going into the 1,;:ie707:1,k-hchitZend
that a quantity of corn thrashed for six shillings by the ma- question on that occasion, he differed from the Noble Lord who thought ""`"'
Mr. KEN1?0; mootewdasan address to his .
chine may be sold for less money than the same quantity It ,r,"' wm.,__late for tithe compositions. ing the number of acres in England and Was.
thrashed for ten by the flail, as far as the thrashing goes, int,,7h,—'7,,i,
p ofisBATH
ba;xltheWprEiliiLS. said,
the had made inquirt/. tinguisbing whether they were public or private
but I think I can show, and it is my present object to make dons, and he found there was nothing peculiar in their use. Nothing there 'wBas. Dolcolfirceeplittodviatb thwebliciforrtcould
ion we
the attempt, that inch corn may be, and in fact is, dearer to to justify strong objection to the tithe taken by the Church, No one Mr. KENYON withdrewg the motion.
the rate-paying class, and consequently to the farmer him- was more disposed then himself to "summation of tithe. Mr. HUME wished to know with
self, who actually uses the machine. Lord KING was glad to hear the Right Reverend Bench talk of con. mentioned, (the action brought seinsrter
"If indeed the result of the use of this machine were, that amutadon,nother. tawshtitheuhtebteinderstood Clergy uquttlesdetakin
taking
one
composition, or :I;eoarflpr°duc'eonfoars as might be nil:A himther be should
regarding what rook
the labour superseded would be thrown into some other a satisfaction for tithes in kind, with the opportunityof sheet; the modes salted by him hem Mr. Pedbles ?
channel in which it could be more beneficially employed, every twenty years. The Rev. Prelate who spoke last h said there The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said
then, I will readily admit, the same benefit would accrue wasl "thin/Brio air :Lithe else was the
utiomersiettire petitioners.— fa
itsi(Dr. Lushington), sad all matters
which has up to that point always been the result of ma- mem(plaint again-it denim twas made alluover Eal;lcalliar. 'lle COOrtaletigatiMb•fe Waldbb. Hielialt Once theE
said, la's tans sterel:rtehim
chinery generally. But when, as the case is at present, the Bailment be should always muskier the creature of Abe State, and the Inequity.
labour superseded cannot be and is not beneficially em- tabu belonging to that establishment constituted public pro. lbw= replied, that the general ,
P in some other way, then I contend the point is lo're7;arage, ice
Ade:l:sena
vs, or
otlfte
vrivight of presentation to typsvieltitele wasitbrberh riiilispilviihntiritittahat tootitegire
passed and we have an over-issue, and consequently a " re- He might ask the vs,
tench whether there were pot pluralities in Bedfordshire against slavery, and one
dundant population," and its concomitant evils. .and non-residence ? Half the parishes of England were without resi. rote by'bellot.
" Now to the point directly in question, and assuming that dent incumbents. The receivers of tithes would not ieskle upon their Mr. IIUXTON sassed, that he hail postponed
the six-shilling machine has superseded the ten-shilling la- cArieurs:htiort was oziowf
wthaygg airasanothlu?htit)ps, irch
cook
bEnglandew ,prevent
Reform
try to
vtheudteoflblvva:hiltougv.e
bourer, what is at the present day " the result" in point of pluralities and non-residence, and why could not that evil be avoided in 1 Mr. J. CAMPBELL said he was anxious
fact ! Why the labourer is thrown upon the parish, and as England with Bishops. Tithe was a gross tax on property, and he
`notion of which he had given notice respecting
he can no longer be employed in beneficial labour, h
e be- aught the°e'rernm
batent woulddo well to alter the present sytem. It 4th of' March, and could not consent to postpone it.
Mr. ASTELL presented a petition from
comes a pauper, and either receives relief in money, or is set coalsh."t exist long, must gin way.
of LONDON wished to say one word on nommidence of the Assessed Taxes.
to what is called parish work, which, as it is well known, which the Noble Lord had mentioned. If ate historical tart was more' Mr. SANDFORI) presented a petition
produces nothing, or something worse than nothing, namely notorious than another, it was that noo-rtsidenoe had been teressioned by the repeal of the Hems and Window Tax.
mischief. It is true that if from the farmer (the rate payer) the abstraction of church propengievalvichwas occasioned by lay hopes. Mr. ADEAN pimento. a petition hem
the pauper received three shillings a week, still one shilling [ldeates- It was
soiling " the y that any measures had slew Ely for the abolition of tithes, the repeal'
Paillamentary Reform.
would be saved, but the consequences of the inhumanity and t'ThnewEral of wrINCHIISEA agreed with the Rev. Prelate, that the Sir.nce CURTIS presented a petition nom
injustice of such a system require no remark, and cone- church proPeriy in the possession of lay imropriators was the' cause of Sussex for the repeal of the malt duty ; and
quently I have to ask what is the result of the use of the ma- non.residenee. If the lay imprepriators bad done with respect to tithes Parishes
serration in Surhxv. Thlrral of the duty '
chine in the present state of things, when to the six shil- that his hope
H which the Cletrogryol;tlnon,e,anthdere would
wnout btiitutsoamuch
wee: platigt. Fe. a v4etesid. he onlyte7aatied the'
Zings for the machine, ten shillings must be added for the He
Wag
6131notPor;arliameat to give that to the Church which belonged by repealing the corn-laws, which would
pay of the superseded labourer! to die areb.—The Noble Earl was of opinion that it sheeld never any dihsg the landed tautest had yet propels&
Mr. PORTMAN said he was disowning
" The answer is obvious, and if it were not intelligible to the havemnbeellA take° fret° ftheectArh•Torm the Noble Goveretneet en tide subject, said se In A
understanding through the mind, I would endeavour to con- ---(thi ) thato
ito was his intentionEUßtoY roe
bring itnoaillill for Compost- (Hem.) Me wished is mow whether the
vey it through the eyes, by sending the unemployed labourer limit Tithes. It was his wish to impress upon the Noble Lord the tell their pines) would anew their asseetwes
(to be seen by the employer) looking at the machine doing his ieconvenience of pressing arguments against tidies before the subject mitter, sad wittier die amnia of plias a
bold, waste be oseeMoreal by is Cammisser.
work for him, and take my word for it the looker on would be aim fait
Lord keiNunGdessid.r disentaitenihrh might consider it Incas. Lord ALTHORN& emend dist, ebe adatelen
perfectly quiet, and happy to receive the same sum for dying vastest to -lii- tee Cissis aneusionts,- buty Palate might
be under the • detect the salthres. bet=oshed an waned f
necessity
nothing but look on,which he would have received for the use of renewing the an a tie in diem. A Right Nev. Prelate had should The• hod bees ea
of his flail from Monday morning to Saturday night." said the lay i were to blame, but formerly the Clergy had life, end he ebought it wield be unwind"
holding tithes, became the Clergy hag Ist country to %eke advanageetsemheiselity u
This strikes us as one of the most sensible views of an no erne *at
Y support of their own tithes. Nubby The snit, would mobs weeds savang,
spivlmportant subject which we ever beheld, and puts to flight led bin guns abostiaMee prevent phimid„ and aohresiggen. It diet wait be diva As to durealanse
a thousand quacks and quackeries. Of course threshing- soy Nelda Land mead bang fit wish a Bill he would support it. The seaddeeal that day weal* Ably nate
machines cannot make wheat a farthing per quarter cheaper! ,Wids Usti ewe interatei are acherleddles• Iliimullien, end be ebsedit: williagly attend
The Marquis et LONDONDERRY prometed petition from has tire amnissio or this subject.
wmemennereseeineMr. 1J2124A1D wee rzge hear
The Tallow monopolists, it would seem, have formed a thlasbaws° ma aataah for
repeal
of
the
Ma
on
sea
ease.
ready **dm" is 11" of the k
LANDLORDS IN SCOTLAND.
fund out of their ill-gotten gains to prosecute all who have that tbsi pussies hot was perverted so the sop,
The LORD CHANCELLOR wishadte take she opportunity of irsie obsuds, to the posies
the courage to throw any light on dui sebjest. lordship's by retsina in Poribment. He wo
Mr. Knight, the President of the Horeleoltural Society, saybil a few words respect a bill hill"' plans spa beg ai:ierge Ea, sod
has lately gives it as his opinion, that were the potato more tabis' ke "law" tba ode "f Coe la "d". s"":'`'Y ika a rairems. don is kelp mat
generally used as food for cattle, quantity of animal food I'4 IN d" 11"" it °Pr'?" that s flamer !s limilla "a". seen as a den punka die. . of
• Ii eases without the consent othislandlovd, and the ndbk and homed Nois„,ids. et the Dachas.' %wotPI
would be saaterisily increased. .
Ind brought in a bill to put com.deallag la &edged era dm *On 46 aide keens dise eke possenedJk Me segnesed
On To deists last, at 20 minutes before 10 o'clock, . received lessesibenbaMerds FardP Andlemeedue woe Ilea se be Wee'
misibargains in
an extraordinary WI sterns occurred at West Grinated Park, „. ___,____, E'dis"' ile 1.1/1""di , ~... • Heine r diseigh be ligiesbeede would ''
Sussex, the seat of We/ter Burrell, Faq. M.P.; it kited ''' ""'''' "Iliad lb" d". "6 ""a et el' esenelrf ". l'itil'ftY Whigs sole win Gs die Civil
'fa Beedesid, If the bill was spapth.
~ Tberadded that they were owl. fgeoppetsieg aloes
only 10 minutes, in thee sheet period, 93.5 fuse of gum _
______,.... "' wntase a
the por.. 11/. RUTEIVEM said he desaght the
in M. Bunion, garden were destroyed. The hell-atones
__,___•."---21_111 the Pudimila.9llNal * liddaillaares IL at die niallent of Rae Cita Ullt 1
, measured in diameter from hilt to three-quarters of basin& 1"""" ""'"56.41.11681111.4511111111111 wie all attar ' wilit.—.. ar
gar W. RIDIaIIY end hol:fht d
I each. Sew this was to epwitit tetarsis•aosso Ned mar. .i du Noble sad woo and dm* maul dal be ma,
777
• - 1 , ~

-,ti.W. ttor4rwz.-"s--
• . ..
,
. . .
I
°
I
eat mode of pro:echo;
rejected it, ane, that-
give to the letters re.
:Bill.
louse then arijoirt.cd.
NS. .
the parish of Sr. ()lave, #
chez Bill.—Refared to
r, his motion regarding
inhabited house duty it
Ordered. .
Colenian.street Ward,
ion front tl:c acme piece,
.ition front Oxford, for a
nber was ready to move,
n for a general fast, wit.
Ling place' every day with i
ht the motion would be
ed front the Giver of all i, it •
;
bet to acknowled,;e tn! /
many hmourable mem-
which they dhl little cr
. 1 .
teed.
tidily : when he breugV.'t
Ippon it on its grentods.
not the time for ring
the same il•ne, t•` rein:irks
ld be replied to.
it Preston was justtlei in
;press his opir tons ug.i..st
is brought for want.—Pets- •
al, indee.l he did not even , . •
ame. He had refe.ted to
1 ' '
. .
pariah in Devon. against
filamorgan, for Reform in
Ith of Feb: Ihe woul I move
%%ions granted on the Civil
pert rin-d.
tetition tram Folkstone for ' f
rom Sidingbourne and two ,
Richmond on Thames for
ens ftstn six parishes in
to present from a gentle-
deed the privilege of the .
The petition prayed that 1
had been promoted to
nation of the Prerogative
in the Court of King's t
rial which was appointed
resentatton of Mr. Peddles'a i
was then a member of the
petitioner, whose petition he I
us to hint, and which had
t, corrected for the press by
ought an adieu. te,;ainst Dr. ,I.
of Parliament, ler the libel, i
eduction of the petition on '1
ire that members were very •
House ; bt.t the action sus
of the libel, nutter his .dhee-
••
tidal being read, .1
officer attend the Ceutt of
•
Wen to by the solicitors on
House. He was not aware
to bring the speech of any .
:tinned Lew. (Hear.) .
e petition signed " Peddles ; . ...•.-
„,
was not the petition of Ped-
honi be applied way dense ~
..
' The Mirror of Parliament,'
ty Mr. Walker. The action 1
Rote any dedaehe halntnign
16° " in.
be had
nil:
rcou,:eldn
oukl be no denial of justice In
al would be at liberty to offer
be obtained without any in- - •
kation was neer sexy, but if
a secondary evidence would be
e that the secondary evidence
press the motion, that the ne.
I. 1,
him in Parliament and for the
the same day. He thought
in the subject when a certain 1.1
I t '
.is Majesty fcr returns respect.
Wales uncultivated, and din- •F
Private Property. I l
don would be interesting ; but iI.
could be obtained. • •
•
peer to the subject previously
Dr. Ltialtington,) as he wee
i• ed to answer all such questions
ook place on the petition pre-
is
l he was counsel for the <te-
eters would be admitted that 1 i
;aim to issue.
him where he was, re to hie ' 1 t•
1 rule undoubtedly was, that It
sole place in that house. •
toted four pets ions front places ,4
for reform in Parliament, and
postponed hie motion for the.
to give way to the motion en
larch. .: 1
anzious to bring forward the:
respecting real property on the': . •
postpone it.
on Bridgewater for the repeal.
ion front Shepton Mallet, fee .
ex.
tom St. Giles's in the Isle of ~. 1
, .
tal of the Assessed Tss%4,- and
tom lye hushed labourers of
and sulfite poking hal lye
. I
my he theight setesteey for the , I
t Laid karma to- act honestly,
i de mere toe the Marren than i
W/11
Oat the ethetwee• se the
dr* the Tulreold hs
he Oovegsseset ha..
sags to be Awed by dte Cau.
Mk *thighs, end of tbe Hosea -'
datert. s .
neinioMoi kad delligestely sank
met is ibises whit the beide 4/ t
• aseidisted as rested to li
ashy et the Perksisest and the'
y to pat ea end tartars s (bulk, u
as sesepred with tie bye imilr 'I
~
I eel hosohelielleers, he • .
*lids the essehheeiles et the • - .
uesd to say reuteasstodittiose. - •
le the Noble Lodger that he ' t
is Hens The psb& bed SSW •
me eeppert */ eenerpelsca mod be.
man Net wash, bievever, be tti
He woad lather fieviluesset l
t
brought k Rieder the esesiders•
rp erriety.bre thoolend puede
tett :weepnefes who: it the
ri
r earetud that the malign of •
emit* betas the
Il
ligtosea the did** thee
Al Lie. Ida he ea pemely '''''
e ewe eareideraWs. .
he mato veal bb sash die.
hi
4 thlsrhem% et theasbe;' 't
et be Masi by op sessiums.-
• I
J
i ..1 •
I•!
,•1
e t
1 •
