Writ!? AND POREldle BIBLE SOCTEIT.

•
The British and Voreign Bible Society dined yes-
terday at the Freemasons' Tavern. 'the Matquis of
LarqsnowNe was in the Chair, supported on the right
' and-left by the hikes ot Smart( and 'Cr .:V. Lord
DARNLET• Mr. WHITBREAb, and ieveral persons of
;cltstinction, were present. The usual toasts were
given.--;." The Females, Mpmbers of the Society,"
Was drank 'with applause, ana a Poetical Tribute from
gist Martino was sung with effect.-744 Thanks to li
I Miss Milford" was also drank with
.much applause.
After which Mr. WHITBREAD rose to propose a toast,
which he desired the company would honour with a
bumper. The toast he should give, was, the Cause
of Education throoghmit the World —(A
The amiable Poetess whose effusions the company
had heard with pleasure, had entitled it the March
of Mind. Since the 1-ist year, the collected mind of
the Society had matched-;-it bad extended its pur-
pose to the whole universe—(aMilatise). The pro-
gress of the Society he had foreseen front its birth ;
for it had the free use of its strength, and had not
been impeded by absurd swaddling bands—(applause)
unlike another institution, which was never to ex-
tend its benefits beyond this Island, because it could
nut draw the Church of England after it —(a laugh
and aftplause)—the British Society could, on the con.:
trary,extend its blessings to all countries, because they
(aught according to the Bible, as It had been deli.
vered to us without note or comment. What was the
cause-of Education ? The cause of our national lode-'
pendeoce—the cause ot peace—the cause of eversl
tasting happiness What -was ignorance but weakness
—but degradation Ruder the oppregsion of knowledge
misapplied ? For knowledge when monop lined was
always misapplied by crafty men—(applause). la
that room appeal had been made to Bi itish feeling,
in favour of the oppressed Natives of Africa
knowledge had been universal,-.4 it had extended to
that unhappy quarter of the gl, be, those Africans
whom we now, for five years, delivered over to the
-•
oppression of the French (applause), would never.have
'been thus subjected to oppression ; for it was by the
ktirtwledge—the misguided knowedge .ot Europe,
operating on the
.ignorance•of Africa, that slavery
and its train ot evils originated. The time, he hoped,
would soon arrive, when the benevolent wish of our
beloved Monarch would be accompli-lied—when
every child in this kingdom'wnrifd be able to read his
Bible. • Then would the glorious. ditasson of know-
ledge extend to the rest of the globe ; and when that
diffusion became
,univers4l, the .friendi of mankind•
might.rend, with one great shout," Heaven's con-
cave"—for then, indeed,would be destroyed fur ever
" the reign of ChaDs and t;ld t.". (Loud aft-
plause.)—The Honourable Gentleman then proposed
his toast, which was received pith rapturous Applause,
The meeting was, very tonvtvial, and the company
did not separate till a late hour.

Upwards of 400 of the Liverymen of London, the
Friends of Parli.mki.tary Reform, dined together, on
Thursday, at the London Tayern-f-Mr. WAithmao
in the Chair.

A female vagrant-was last week lodged in Cork
gaol, tor picking out with a long needle, the eyes of a
three-month child, which it is supposed she had stolcn,
for the purpose of making her an object :if charity.
An outrage of a serious nature occurred on the
9th inst. near Ballycah me, in the county of Limerick.
A. Nix, a Sub-constable, went with assistants, and
under the warrant of VERB HUNT, Esq. of Clorane,
a Magistrate of the count), to app-ehend some per-
suns against whom informations %, ere lodged, when
the constable and his party were attacked by a num-
ber f fellAvs, armed with different weapons, who
nturdered J. Shearia, a• 1 Ballint I,*and wounded others
de-pet ately that v. ere assisting to execute the warrant.
Thursday se'unight that part olCork near the Lei-
trim Dcck, was considerably agitated and :thorned
by the brutal and °um:get ous c• nduct of the crews.
of several manure Lig/ tors. One of these men
having, in consequence of a previms di-pute, ob-
tained a warrant against three others, a Consta-
-1 ble anJ guard proceeded to the quay to enforce
it ; the hghtermen being nearly drunk, and in
their boats, offered a stubborn resistance, but
were in the end induced to submit, principally!
tlirc ugh die calm and steady conduct of the Con,
' stable, Mr. YOUNG. This was but the prelude,
for abut tour two of these lighters pro-
ceeding down the River, came in contact immedi-
ately above Patrick's-Bridge. The men in charge
Of one were in liquor, and some difference occur-
ring between them in consequence of the boats
clashing, a most disgraceful scene ensued : one ,
seized a shovel, and with it prostrated another,
and whilst the onfortimate man lay apparently
lifeless, the ruffian with the utmost fury, in despite
of the entreaties of the astonished spectators, conti-
nued his blows. Sir A. Penmen and Alderman
PosTett, aided by some *toldiers, and Mr. lizoritut„,
got boats, hastened on board the lighter, and secured
the fellow and his associates, and lodged them in safe
custody. We'are happy to understand that the un-
fortunate man is npt in a dangerous way, • .

NE.WC;A rE AND LEADENHALL
(By the C'arcass.) ~ '
Beet,-ser stone 4s 44 to Ss • 4d Veal as bd to 7s ad
Mutton - tss 4d to 6s 4d Pork es ad to 8s Oil
Lamb Oa ad to as eal.
