ar~n,aiESEx ~r.~~^t~v~"

• . _
In consequence of a requisition, signed by teferel
Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, a Meeting
was yesterday held at the Mermaid, at Hickney,
when only 46 of the Freeholders attended.

Soon alter one o'clock, Major Cartwright rose'and
stated the object of the Meeting, namely, to address
his Majesty on the present important crisis, and to
thank him for the prompt assistance rendered to the
Spanish Patriots, in their opposition to the diabolical
views of the Continental Tyrant, which may operate
as an example to other nations, to throw off the
iron yoke ; and he had no doubt, if the Patriots
persevered, the deliverance of Europe was near at
hand, and the hopes of Bonaparte and his mushroom
family would be completely annihilated. The Em-
perors of Austria and Russia had nothing to fear
from Bonaparte.; they governed 60 millions of peo-
ple—let them only emancipate their subjects from
slavery, who would then feel as men, an 3 would pvo-
teet their different countries from the yoke of any
foreign foe ; but as long as men are kept in slavery
they will, remain indifferent to their fate, and careless
of what may become of either their King or Country.
In Spain, the people en mane had resolved to be free,
and In less than two months they had done wmders;
but they were commanded by proper Generals whom
they esteemed, and were capable of guiding them in
the time of danger. This was a thing that ought to
be 'attended to in all countries. He had one Kopp:.
sition to offer on this subject, which could not give
the least offence to any one present. He then took a
view of the present state of Spain, and the grand ef-
forts- they were making to establish their ancient
CORTEZ, which was originally the bulwark of their
liberties, before they were subdued by the Romans,
and contrasted it with the Representative system of
this cOuntil • and Certainly it could not be doubted,
that we stood in need cf the very same reform they
ate now preparing to establish : he therefore would
read a petition, which he would submit to the Meet-
ing, on that subject, and was intended to he presented
to his Majesty, along with a sepatate Address. He
then concluded by moving the following Resolutions

Ist, That Mr aiding the Spanish' Patriots the King is entitled
to the gratitude of mankind.
2dly, That a People who will fight for their liberies axe alone
worthy of the friendship Ufa free Nation: • •

• :idly, Thu to have found such Allies is an event peculiarly
gratifying.
4thly, That we ardently desire to see re-established in ftain the
anchnt Government of a King, and an independent Cortez, so
laJtanced a., to secure their national liberties.

sthly, That in the grand example of Spain is seen how a nation
Is to he defend i, and how Europe is to be delivered.
Stilly, That %% hat has been lest to the sacred cause of human
liberty, by the levity, the Vices, and recesses of Prance, since
from that she de, arted, we trust may be regained by the gravity,
the virtues, and •he made ration of Spain.
These Resolutions passed unanimously.
Mr. Mzuasu, one of the Members for the County, i
complained that the Meeting was not sufficiently ad-'I
verused, which accounted for the non-attendance of
the Freeholders. As fur himself, it was by mere ac-
cident he saw the Advertisment, in an obscure corner,
of a Newspaper; he was then 150 miles off, and he
instantly took a seat in the mail coach, and arrived
that morning. He therefore thought the Meetini
Should be adjourned.
The 7th Resolution was then read, viz.—
That Spain bring separated from France merely by a line of
hills, and England merely by a channel, neither nation, can hope
for safety or repose, unless by means of national liberty and na-
tional arms bearing, the sole preservatives of which are the
ality of representation in the Legislature, and a permanent or-
ganization of the mica who us able to bear arms.'
Mr. MELLIsii objected to. this Resolution, as it in-
•volved an extraneous subject, totally unconnected
with the purport of the Meetin;. •
Mr. PEERY thought the business might be, accom-
modated, and the Resolution qualified, so that the
friends of Liberty would agree. to it. He did not see
the necessity of dietating.to the Spanish Nation what
form of Government they might to adopt.
Mr. Sheriff SMITH observed, that the Meeting was
advertised in ten • different Newspapers, so that it
could not be from want of knowing it that the Free-
holders did not attend.

Mr. PowEft spoke a few words in favour of the Re-
solution, and observed, that the Hon. Member (Mr.
'Me1141?) would recollect that the most important
business of the Nation was hurried over in another
place when fewer Members attended.

Mr. WAITHMAN also supported the Resolution with
considerable energy; but he concluded by moving
an adjournment, which was seconded by Mr. Met-
Lim, and the seventh Resolution was negatived by a
majority of seven.
After Much altercation between several of the
Speakers, the Meeting was adjourned till Tuesday,
the 6th of September
Mr. C. PULLER (seconded by Mr. W. ADAxs)
moved the Thanks of the Meeting to the Sheriffs,
for their impartial conduct, which was agreed to.

MILITARY BALL AND SUPPER.—On Monday the
officers of the King's own Staffordshire Militia gave
a ball axd supper at their barracks to the nobility and
gentry of Windsor and its neighbouring towns and
Tillagel. A platform was laid down 90 feet long by
.125 broad, which was covered over and well inclosed
with canvas fpr dancing, and lighted up with varie-
gated lamps and branches. Three large marquees
were pitched. adjoining, and opened into the ball-
, room, for the company.who did not dance, to retire
'for refreshments of tea, coffee, wine, &c. Three
large rooms were prepared, and two long tables, for
114 U persons were spread in each room, with a very
elegant cold collation. The whole was under the
direction and management of Mr. HILL, their Mess
Master. The -dancing began at ten, and they sat
down to supper at two ; at three the dancing re-com-
menced, and the company broke up at six.
At the entrance of the barracks, over the door
where the company was admitted, was G. R. lighted
up with lamps, ; and in the barrack-yard, opposite
the ball-room, was a CI cwn, ueautifully illuminated
with variegated lamps. Five hundred cards were
' issued, and upwards of 400 sat down to supper.
Among a numerous ass-mblage of genteel corn-
pany,the.following were•the most distinguished dha-
'peters present :—....-
*Tbadtkike of Cumberland, Lord and Lady Boston and family,
tied and Lady Motratnorris Lady Catbetine Annesley, Lord
Carrington and. froMly, Mareideiness Cornwallis, Hon. Gen. and
Mrs. firmeourt, Ken. Miss Wallegrave, Hon. George Villiers and
Mrs. Wilkie, Lord' and Lady Walaingbarn Count Munster,
"Lerrd' Ashbrzok. Lady A. and Miss Cumberbuid,:Lody.and
Miss Metcalfe, Mr. Fremantle and family, Mine Vandilan.
I,:c. • ' 4"'
