LITERARY NOTICES.

I. The Hermit in Edinbargh ; or, Sketches of Manner:,
and red Characters and Scenes in the Drama of Lift.
In three volumes, Ns.
This work far exceeds the other Hermits of the day,
inasmuch as real characters and actual scenes io the
Scottish capital fill its pages. It is a common opinion
that it is a continuation of former celebrated publica-
tions by the Modern Spectator, whilst it is positively as-
serted by some that the witty satirist starts here for the
first time in the field of Criticism. Whoever he be, the
work is a most amusing publication • its satire gliding
on the swift wings of light wit and good humour, lashing
without personality, and exciting mirth without malice.
What adds greatly to the interest of the work, is its em-
bracing a lapse of 20 years up to the present day, and
depicting all the diverting characters and scenes during.
that period, the dramatis persons being not only the
fixtures of the city, but the lighter and gayer birds of
passage, who have visited the Scottish metropolis during
that space of time. The King's visit to Scotland is a
prominent and very capital feature in it.
11. Thi Beauties of Modern Literature, in Verse end
Prose. To which uprefsced, a preliminary View of the
Literature of the Age, by M. M,Danstor, Esq. Author
Ta Critical Dissertation on Task. In onivolAvo. 14s.
is work comprehends the spirit of English Litera-
ture throughout the year 1823 ; its contents, comprising
a variety of interesting and very diversified subjects,
g, from grave to gay, from lively to severe," accom-
panied with critical remarks by the Editor. As a par-
lour window and post-chaise companion, calculated to
improve and expand the mind, it will be found most
excellently well adapted. The preliminary essay, which
extends through a hundred pages, is evidently the pro-
duction of a mind of very considerable talent and ac-
qtrirements, and fully illustrative of the writer's props
sition, that there is no subject which a writer of genius
takes up, on which he cannot exercise all the genius of
which he is master. The remarks on composition, as
well as on the literature of the age, are very pertinent
and judicious.
111. Walley the Cardinal, and his Times, Courtly, Poli-
tical, and Ecclesiastical. By Grottot HOWARD, Esq.
Author of Lady Jane Grey and her Times. Illustrated
with a Portrait an¢ Autograph of Me Cardinal, and
numerous Cuts, 16s.
The subject of this volume is a memorable instance
of the instability of human grandeur. Mr. Howard's
object has been to comtrils such a life of Wolsey as
should refer principally to personal biography, and to
the_ peculiar customs and manners of the times.
Under this -view of the'subject, the pomp and splen-
slour 1)1 the Cal dinars establishment; his insolence in
prosperity, and his pusillanimity in adversity, as matters
of historical interest, are well detailed, and furnish much
curious information. Works of the kind before us (it is
well observed in the last number of the Gentleman's
Magazine) are excellently fined to supply the defects in
history, where a leading personage may not have his
proper share of distinction, and the result be much the
same as spoiling a drama by curtailing the acts and
speeches of the principal character. Another contem-
porary (the Critical Gazette) says, " Mr. Howard has
depicted Wolsey exactly as we think he was. In the
several stages of his progress, and onward to his decline,
fall, and Jeath, the heart and mind of this singular man
are figured to us in perhaps the best of all possible
ways—in his demeanour and his actions." There is
another particular also, in which this work has an essen-
tial value; namely, in reconciling some chronological
discrepancies, arising from the different modes of nota-
tion used by the earlier annalists.
Of the splendour of Wolsey's establishment, some
idea will be formed, as well as of the state of the times,
by the fact that his 4 cheine roll' comprised upwards of
eight hundred persons, of all ranks, including nine or
ten Peers, or sons of Peers, fifteen Knights, and forty
Esquires ; but then it must be stated that these latter
were not considered as domestics, but as friends who
resided in his family, either for education and know-
ledge of the world, or for state purposes, merely adding
to the shew on days of ceremony. Three boards were
daily. spread in his hall, wherever he might be resident:
at the head of the first sate a Priest, in the office of a
Steward ; at the head of the second, a Knight, as Trea-
surer; and at the third, an Esquire, who was always
Comptroller of the Household.
The volume, altogether, possesses much interest.

The autograph of EDWARD the Black Prince, which
antiquaries have been in search of for many years, has
at length been found on the Roll of the Artillery Com-
pany, where the names and hand-writing of some of
the most illustrious patriots and heroes of early times
are inscribed.

Mr. Muss, the late celebrated enamel painter, left a
large and beautiful copy of a Holy Family by Parme-
giano, which the Kum, through the kind agency, we
believe, of Sir WILLIAM KNIGHTON, purchased of the
artist's widow, at the price of 1,500 guineas. This
money, we are informed, she placed in the house of
MARSH and Co. fix the purpose of purchasing an Ex-
chequer Bill ; and as it is her principal property, and she
has a young family, the failure of the firm must tutu-
rally give her great uneasiness.
Dr. Mounsey lived so long in the office of physician
to Chelsea Hospital,. that, during many changes of
Administration, the reversion of the place had been
promised to several medical friends of tl:e different
Paymasters of the Forces. One day, the Doctor, look-
ing out of his window, saw a Gentleman attentively
examining the house and gardens, who he knew had
just got the reversion of the place; and coming out to
him, he thus a:costed him : " Well, Sir, I see you are
examining your house and gardens that are to be, and
I assure you they are bath very pleasant and conve-
Irian ; but I must tell you one circumstance—you are
theft th man that-isas got the reversion of the place ; I
have buried the other four ; and what is more," said
the Doctor, looking archly at him, "there is something
in your face that tells me I shall bury you too." How-
ever extraordinary, the fact turned out to be so; and
at the time of the Doctor's death, there was no person
• who had the promise of the place.
The following epitaph is copied verbatim d literatim
from a head-stone in Ulverston Church-yards to the
Memory of Thomas and Margaret Tyson;
Greats not fee bus wlen we is
Gon ewer that is mkt ewer sks
13 Mk when Como death aim
We holm is rise and Ile that 116 that
WIC dies

. ,

• - •
WEST,- INDIA SLAVERY.
azimut It.
TO MR EDITOR OF THE STAR.
Sr a—ln my last letter, I offered to the Public a brief
analysis of the criticisms of Anot.us upon the Trinidad
,Order in Council, and I think conclusively demon-
strated that ANGLIA hid very little accurate informa-
tion with respect to the facts of the case upon which he
is giving a judgment.. Leaving, however, to Anomie
the task of reconciling to himself this endeavour to in-
fluence public opinion upon a question, concerning the
real nature of which be was himself ignorant, I now
propose to redeem the pledge which I hadgiven of ad-
verting to those other points which Arrows appears to
have stated or reasoned upon erroneously.
The article in the Quarterly Review has the appear-
ance.of being a defence of the measures which Govern-
ment have adopted upon this most delicate subject of
West India Slavery, and containing a commentary upon
the Order in Council and the probable effect of-its ope-
'ration.: the article also examines, at some length, the
tiuestion of the relative value of free and slave labour in
the West Indies, and enforces the necessity of that part
~.f.the.ittbject being completely understood before any
additional or more decisive measures than those already
"adopted should be carried into effect by the Govern.
ment. A writer in the British aid Colonial Weekly Re-
gister, adopting the same line of argument as AnoLus,
observes—," We agree with the Reresver in considering
that the question, whether free labour is more pi ofitable
than that of Slaves? is the true debateable ground
upon which the arguments of both parties, if we
must so speak, the Abolitionists and the Planters,
should encounter;" and ANOLUS does not appear ma-
terially to dissent from this proposition, though it is not
perhaps stated with equal distinctness. This material
point, then, being established, I must beg to refer my
Readers to the remarks in that part of the article in
the Quartetly Review, which relate to this compara-
tively new and untried question, and it w ill be time
enough to enter upon the consideration of the remarks
of ANGLIN upon the free labour question, in subse-
quent letters ; but, in the meanwhile, it is ienportant to
observe, that the reasoners upon West India Slavery
questions may be divided into three classes—the Ultra
Abolitionists, who complain that Government have
done little or nothing—the Ultra Colonists, who accuse
Government of having done infinitely too much—and a
third party, which may be said to comprise both the Go-
vernment and the House of Commons, who have steered
a middle course. The Government having acted in obe.
dience to the unanimous resolutions of the House of
Commons, and the House of Commons, in passing those
resolutions, having acted in obedience to the declared
wishes of the country. ANGLIN; takes the field as an
Ultra Abolitionist; and having thus detailed the nature
of the parties, and of the contest between them, I now
proceed in the examination of the reasonings and obser-
vations of ANGLUIL
ANGLUS states, that the Reviewer has "given the
sanction of his authority to the delusive statement that
the Island of St. Vincerit had discontinued the practice
of flogging women, and driving the negroes in the
field." It is singular enough, that ANGLUS should have
quarrelled at once with an argument on his own side.
The Review states, that in some Colonies the discon-
tinuance of the stimulus of the whip in the field, and Of
the punishment of the female Slaves under any circuma
stances, by flogging, were protested against as mea-
sures incompatible with a state of slavery, and the
necessary authority of the Masters over their Slaves
--that in other Colonies those innovations did not
appear to create any alarm, and then adds, that " in
the Address of the Island of St. Vincent it is ob-
served that those practices had been virtually disconti-
nued, and the Government are reproached with their
,ignorance of the fact." Where, then, is the sanction
given by the Reviewer of this statement, whether de-
[wive or not delusive? With respect to the fact itself,
Dot one word of confirmation is stated. It was evidently
introduced in the Review, to shew that there were per-
sons in the %Vest Indies possessing Slaves, in whose opi-
nion the abandonment of the practices referred to was
compatible with a state of Slavery, and with the autho.
rity of the masters. ANGLUS does not perceive that thd
argument was against those who protested against the
measures of Government, which measures had directed'
the omission of those practices; and Axotus does not
perceive that whether the fact of the discontinuance of
the whip in St. Vincent be confirmed or not, the argu-
ment of those who advanced it, was valid as to their
own opinion, that the whip was not necessary.
ANGLUS, in his Second Letter, says he agrees with
the Reviewer, that the resistance of many of the West
Indians to the measures now pursuing for the mitigation
and extinction of Slavery, is produced more by a dread
Aftheir loss of property, than by their abstract love of
.blavery." Soon atterwards, however, he states: " tke
4pethesis of the Reviewer is, that the resistance of the
West Indians to the proposed reforms of their system
irises sokly from a dread of the loss of property :" and
be then asks, " But is this borne out by facts r - If so,"
continues AtcoLus, 84 how happens it, that, as far as we
knout, all the great West India Proprietors resident in
this country, possessing, probably, seven-eighths of
the Sugar Estates, should have concurred in Mr. Can-
rung's Resolutions?" The obvious answer to this ques-
tion is to be found in the Sd Resolution, proposed by
Mr. Canning, and passed by the House of Commons,
which promises and guarantees " a fair and equitable
consideration of the interests of all parties concerned
therein." Does it afford any reasonable ground of sur-
prise that the Colonists residing in England, whatever
may be their proportion as Proprietors of Sugar Estates,'
should rely on the good faith of the House of Corn-
mons, to afford them a fair and equitable compensation,
should they really sustain loss by the measures taken to
improve the condition of the Slaves?
" But," continues A NOLUS, "the clamour raised against
them (the Resolutions) has proceeded chiefly from mew
of little or no property, many of whom are the salaried
servants of these very proprietors ;' and he concludes by!
observing, " it is evident, therefore, that in attributing'
the resistance to reform to a dread of the loss of pris.
Petty as its cause, the Reviewer takes but a very partial
and inadequate view of the subject," &c. •
If Amours means by men of no property persons
who have no interest in the question, then it may be
admitted that the interference of such persons is mis-
placed. But what is meant by the clamours of persons
of small property ? If these are clamorous, it is because
`hey fear injury ; dis the extent of a man's property
constitute th easure of his claims to justice or pro.
-•n? and not, why is the small proprietor less en-

• It is particabriy Wind to refer t 4 reader to the view taken
of Ms branch of the subject, by the of QC the article in the
iiicitth Mid* acArk

titled than those more largely endowed, ills state fairly
land temperately his claims? Bet let me ask, are these
clamorous individuals, who are Slays Proprietors, really
of such .low relative importance, when compared with
the proprietors of the soil resident in England ?—The
question is, do they or do they not possess slaves to any
considerable amount? We should infer, certainly not,
from the manner in which MMus treats their cla-
mours. Let us then examine, as an instance, the pro-
portions in one of the principal West India Islands.
In a Report of a Committee of the Council of Bar-
badoes, dated the 22d of July, 1823, it is stated, on the
credit of an official Return from the Treasurer's Office,
where every slave and every acre of land are annually
given in, for the purpose of being taxed, that there are
.5206 Owners of Slaves in that Island, that of this num-
ber 1535 are Owners of land, as well as of slaves, that
the remaining 3671 Owners of Slaves have no land at
all! Is ANcLus surprised that this latter class, these
Owners of Slaves only, should feel something like an
interest in a question which concerns their right of pro-
perty in Slaves being abridged ? Does he not think it
possible that if those persons could be satisfied that the
value of their property should not be in any degree de-
teriorated, or, if such deterioration did take place, that
they should receive fall compensation, that they might
not be so clamorous as they have been, or bate shewn
their fears and .apprehensions in so infamous and un-
justifiable a manner as the demolition of the Methodist
Chapel in that Colony ? lam not to be understood as
' arguing that the consideration of this peculiar class of
persons should interfere with those general measures
which affect the Proprietors of land as well as the
Slaves—the case of that peculiar class may be made a
special one: but I am endeavouring to sheer, in contradic-
tion to A NGLUS, that the dread of the loss of property
may be considered as the most active cause of their re-
sistance, and their insubordination.
Neither did the Reviewer ever assign this alarm as
the sole cause of the resistance of the West Indians; he
merely stated that which must he'obvions to the most
superficial observer, that it is not the love of slavery,
replete as it is with dangers to themselves, which cha-
racterises the proceedings or the sentiments of the West
Indian) Colonists; but that it is the dread of the loss of
property—an instinctive anxiety for the preservation of
life—the fear of an experiment involving a radical
change, which may lead to results not contemplated by
its promoters, whose habitual modes of thinking, and
means of information, however benevolent their interw-
tions, may not have rendered them competent to antici-
pate. The Colonists do not deny that Slavery is an
evil.—No; but they assert that it is an evil, created not
by themselves nor for their separate interests, but by
the mother country; and for national purposes; and
therefore, before they co-operate with this country in re-
tracing its steps, they would stipulate that they should
not be made to pay the penalty of ruin for errors in which
they had no participation, and foriwhich they ought not
to be held responsible.
This is the tone of feeling which the Reviewer has
pourtrayed t and can it be doubted but that feelings of
this description must act as a powesful exciting cause
of resistance on the part of the planters to those reforms
which are the objects of their alarm ? Let not this, how-
ever, be interpreted as any attempt at apology for their
misconduct. I. ant disposed to regret, not less than
ANGLE'S, that acts of violence have been committed,
for which there can be no apology ; and above all, it is
to be deplored, that in the Colony to which I have par-
ticularly referred, so unanimous a sentiment has • pre-
vailed, that a highly flagrant act of unlicensed outrage
has been committed with impunity, instead of entail-
ing upon the offenders most condign and summary
punishment.
A NGLUB has thought proper to refer incidentally to
what he considers the dangers of the course which Parlia-
ment and Government have followed, in trusting to the
Colonial Legislatures to effect the necessary reforms ;
and, of course, by implication, he would also censure
the Government and Parliament for not setting aside
the powers of the Colonial Assemblies, and imposing at
once, by legislative interference, the provisions of the
Order in Council, or rather it is to be supposed, provi-
sions of much greater extent—for
,he bitterly inveighs
against the moderation of the Order in Council. This
part of the subject is fully discussed in the Review;
and I am induced to notice the observations of ANGLUS
more for the purpose of keeping in view his principles,
than with any intention of here entering epon the
merits of a question which he only ventures to deal
with by insinuation, and on which Parliament have
hitherto tacitly, though unanimously, come to so wise
a conclusion. The Parliament of this country will
never have the insanity, to look merely at the end, with-
out any consideration of the means or consequences;
and I feel a most satisfactory confidence, that however
.deliberately, firmly, and permanently, Parliament may
contemplate the ultimate extinction of Slavery as their
end, they will only do so with a cautious reference to its
accomplishment, 4,4 with a fair and equitable considera-
tion of the interests of all parties concerned therein."—
I am, Sir, your obedient and humble servant,
, VINDEX.

--...

Saturday, two sailors, named Hugh Hastings and
Alexander Moharg, charged with piracy and mutiny,
were removed from Portsmouth jail, in the custody of
the Marshal of the Admiralty, to be lodged in Newgate,
until the Admiralty Sessions. The account the young
men gave at Portsmouth of the circumstances of the
charge made against them, is as follows :—They were
seamen on board the merchant-ship Havannah packet,
bound to Cuba ; the greater part of the crew were fo-
teigners ; the whole were much dissatisfied at the treat-
ment which they received from the Captain, whose name
was Easton : his conduct towards them was extremely
violent, and the provisions of the vessel were not good.
—After repeated disputes between•the Captain and the
crew, who were thirteen in number, the latter cam* to
the unanimous resolution of remaining forwards, and
refusing to perform the labour necessary for navigating
the vessel, unless certain conditions were complied with
on the part of the Captain. In thecourse, however, of
a short time, subordination was restored; but soon
after flesh discord arbse, and the foreigners, taking_part
with the Captain, three of the seamen, who were Eng-
lishmen, were seized while asleep in their hamMocics,
and carried as prisoners to the Havaunah, wheie they
were committed to the common jail ; here they describe
their sufferings as most severe—the Spaniards were ex-
tremely cruel in their treatment of the prisoners gene-
rally, and they remained for nine weeks, their daily al-
lowance of food being only about two ounces of bread,
and three gills of rice ; at length they were put on board'
his Majesty's ship Valorous, and brought to England,
where they arrived about ten weeks back, and have been
since that time in confinement on board the Victory, and
in Portsmouth jail.

POLICE INTELLIGENO -

11042rUIET.
Yesterday fr. Mks, the yoing man charged
vritikors :rd.
oersted steallsig a gohL sneff-box, the property of Senor Rodri.
goes, an Es-Captain in the Spanish Constitutional Army of Au.
daluda, was re.exasnined and committed for trial.
• QUEEN.SQUA RE.
nandegh Sasiek, sties a Lady with many names, was charged
with despoiling Peter Evans, a country bumpkin,
earned property. Peter paid a visit to Lineman, and, having sacra.
Seed freely to the jolly god, fell in with this modern Venus, whom
he accompanied to ber lodging, and in the morning found himself
minus Ws. On discovering his look, he liberally offered to be labs-
lied, if she Would return half, bat thin she refused. lie then gave
her in charge of a **tetanal; and -his Worship committed krr
for trial.
MARY-LA.BONNE.
Oninfoni, a fellow hi easy circumstances, wasient for three -
Months' amusement at the treed-int% for having deserted his svue
sad four children these four yearipast.
H ATTQN-0 A RD RN.
Jane Maedonald and Mews &WA' , were fully comntittesti
charged with robbing W. _Humphries, driver of a Birmingham
stage-coach. The prosecutor was coming down Goswell street ee
Monday night, when the prisoners seised him round the waist, an
drew his purse from kb pocket, containing bei*een 21. and 31.
UNION-HALL
In the castle of yesterday, a woman of respectable appearance,
named Pizobete Chloe*, applied to the sitting Magistrate, IL L
Coasts:as, Esq. for his advice and assistance it recovering the body
of her husband, who died a few days since.
The appals*. stated, that she was the lawful wife of James
Minch, a lightermsn, who died on Thursday last, and whose body
ems detained by the landlord of the hossse in which he expired.
Afar her husband's death, she made application for the corpse, is
seder in have it interred, but to her toestprendble surprise, the
owner of the house refused either to give it ap, or to bury it him.
silL Under these circumrtances, eke now begged thaj the Magi'.
twig would send an officer with her, to compel the landlord to give
up
that which, lthough now deadobo still considered berpropeny,
as well as when living,
The Magistrate asked her whit reason the landlord had for de:
tainhig the body'
She replied, that she belie/other poor diorama owed him a little
money ; but, added she, it ii a hard case, your Worship, that I
should be deprived of the pleasure of putting him under ground.
The Magistrate observed, that he was pretty certain, if'ibe told
the landlorekthat she had beep before a Magistrate herself, and cosy
plained of the affair, he. would then resign up that which abe, no
doubt, had more right to than anyone else.
The applicant said, that she was convinced no entreaties nor per.
suasion, upon her part, would Ineire any effect upon that person, fir
he declared, that until ad was settled, even if it should be six months
hence, he would not part with the corpse.
The Magistrate then diretted a warrant to be made out against
the landlord, who shortly afterwards appeared at the oMce, accom-
panied by the deceased's son.
Grassmith, the Aim whe executed the warrant, stated, that he
had considerable dillicalty in approaching the defendant's house,
the whole neighbourhood being in a terrible state of agitation, in
consequence of the circumstance.
The Magistrate now called upon the landlord to state why he did
not allow the dead man to be interred?

The landlord stated, that he bad on band whatever in keeping or
detaining the body at his house; although Mr. Church owed hint a
little motley, be did not mind; and the sooner the corpse was re-
moved the better, for ever since his death the house bad been beset
by a motrof persons, and among them he observed not a few body-
snatchers, whom he expected would smitegle away " a subject" be-
fore long. The dispute respecting Mr. Church's corpse, be added,
was between the wife and his son by a former once: ge.
The son now stepped forward and said, hit father bad been under
the necessity of leaving the widow in consequence of the gross treat.
ment he rec,ived from her when living, and for the last three years
his parent never saw his unnatural wife, who, notwiths.unding she
was aware of his long illness, bad never called to ask after him ; but
the moment the breath was out of his body, she came down to the
house, shed a few crocodile tears, and insibted that she should haire
the body taken to her house, and conveyed from thence to the grave.
" But what was all till; for?" said the son ;" why, your Worship, my
father was a member of a benefit-club, and at his death the sum of
201. was to be allowed for the funeral expentes, ke. This money
she now wants to pt bold of, and pretends to all this distress of
mind about a person for whom, when living, she did nut care three
straws." He (the son) has had all the tremble, and attended his
father late end early during his last illness, and be thought he was
entitled to bury him, and certainly had directed the landlord not to
allow the body to be carded out of the house..
Tbe wife, in a flood of tears, declared, that it was oat of pure love
for herhusband that she wished to bury hint ; the mnney.sbe was
entitled to never having once entered her head, until then it was
mentioned ; and she would now convince those presint that she was
the sole executrix to all his property.
The son.—You know you have been Hebei with another man ;
ard you are not worthy of the appellation of wife?
A noisy squabble here took place between the mother and her
step-son, as to which was most entitled to the club-money ; when
the Magistrate, perceiving seinedis aiiinet44. both parties was, ob-
served that it was evident while! the manor the wife cared a far-
thing about the poor man—it was tie 201. they wanted; and under
the circumstances, as the wife held the will and testament of her
husband, latched a right to have the body delivered up to her.
The son here stated, that be was determined on being at the ex-
pense of the funeral himself.
The Magistrate said, that if he would undertake to bury the
deceased, be might do it at his own expense, if be pleased ; but the
wife was entitled to the money allowed by the club.
The parties then left the °dice, each deviating that they would
perform the last ceremonies to the deceased.

A PRESENT.—Monday night, as the watchman in Free-
school-street, St. John's, Horsleydown, was telling
eleven o'clock, a woman fell down at the door of the
watch-house, opposite him, in great apparent agony,
who was immediately taken in, and medical aid was
sent for, which arrived just in time to usher into this
bustling world a bouncing little gill. The good
woman's name is Catharine Skeine ; she had removed
from the parish of St. Giles's, with three other children,
to thus honour the inhabitants of St. John's.
DISCOVERY OT A RICH COPPER MINX IN THE
COUNTY ow Wassentn.—A copper mine, mixed with gut.
phur, has just been discovered at Parkbawn, near Gorey:
An engineer, sent down for the purpose, has reported
very favourably of it to the Irish Mining. Company.
It is a matter of astonishment that the vast internal re-
sources of the country have not been turned to account
long before this. Everywhere it abounds in mines•and
quarries, from lead to gold—from slate to marble, in
the midst of an industrious but half famishing popula-
tion. Employment for the population is chiefly want-
ing to make that country prosperous and happy.
A heart-rending occurrence took place at Pallas Green,
Ireland, on Tuesday se'nnight; the particulars are as
follow : A man of the name of Phelan having to
view a steeple-chase in that neighbourho4 cehis
'wife and two children in-his cabin behind him, and in
some time afterwards his-vrife had occasion to proceed
to a Meld quite convenient, in order to dig potatoes for
dinner. The unhappy woman left her children (the
eldest of whom was not four years old) alone in the
house ; and it is supposed that they contrived to set fire
to some straw or fax in it, for, on her return, she be-
held her cabin in flames, and one of her infants burned
to a cinder, and the other was so dreadfully injured,
that death terminated its sufferings on Thursday evening.

MIS DAL
nes. snis:
Franca . 0 0
Handset* 0 2
Flanders 0
arses 0 0
Leeward blob 1 0
America 0

xf{a

.43 le • et
0---—v - .% - - --%._1 _ 1_ ' -
,- . ~ ' •
+l3 4:i& I 09
4•00
..., I
_ ~.: IS. • 7_ „.....t- -, 4

MAILS—THIS tiki—r.
Am am ass. vas:
006Ns 1 s Frames 0 0
Waterford 1 0 lialaborgll 0 2
Gummy and Jam, 0 0 Flaolass 2 0
lAaboo 0 0 Drub 0 0
Hollaod • 0 2 Leeward lamb 1 0
'make 0 0 Awarlea 0 1
Eil 6 H• W ATER at LO NDON-HAMOZ TO•111 It 0.
Meru og • - • 58 imbue= Apr 12
Afteragese • • r , , - 4 Wastes after 1
~..
IG, - - amoweepaemoneememom alweamommowa
i . 14)aomi : 'rinsed and Pasidaied by J. ItlLacacyt at the has *Vast
_ _ _
No 1, rickeit-Ilegt, therie-Dar.
