EAST INDILS.

A private kite/ from Madras, dated the 29th of
Match, Rives us the following important account of
the causes that led to the capture of Hatrass :
•t An authentic account of the fall of the very woes and ime
portant fortress of Hamar. having just reached us, l shall endea-
vour to esp'alis to you the causes of the rupture which led toils
capture. Hatrass hi one of the strongest forts in India. It be.
lunged to a Chief of the name of Dom, a Prince of very an-
cleat family. I his Rajah was at the head of the huts, one of
thli most warlike tribes in India. He is related to the Rajah of
Bbuttpore, and secretly in alliance rib many itate► that are
Looses t be hostile to our power. Previous to the MaLtatta
war, iharant entered into a 'treaty ede►isive and defensive with
us, which he brae, and joined liolkar.. After the submission
of the latter, a itesh treaty was made. Diarant agreed to pay
us 90,000 rupees yearly, to dishatid his troops, not to corn, and
to adnitt our police freely into his disuic:s. This treaty was no
owner made than broken.
The Irajs:• has eutestantlyaeted as anindependent power,and
h shar.a.uily broke thloa lib every article sot his treaty. tie
l.a. beta irri giilar iii the payntesit of his tribute, and has coined;
1-e !.as made hi. fort a reccitrave for all the tehhere of the coun-
t' y ; be has leagued with our enemies; be has permitted four of
o.c pollee officers to be murdered in cold blood, and when tie.
si:e•l by our Goverrnient to give an explanation, he has eottatanlY
(closed to give any answer to their cos:via:tits. lord Mona be•
Lig prawi,h.d by lhar.un's fait:deo., lawless, diabolical career,
was it,oll/ril 10 punish hi. gent. His Lortiship knew well that
the old Chief was brave, that his people were valiant, and that i
Ins fortress wa. enii.idered by them impregnable. He knew
too the• this Nance has tornteh strong alliances, that as attack
upon Mtn might provoke half Indostan to arms—but he did not
forget that Ist. cause was jua, that our power rested upon the
justice as our rule, anti the supposed invincibility of our arms,
Vur military hone had been touch tarnished at illsur'pote.—
l.o►d Lake bad attached ilia. place four times, and had belga
fist tines ref ul.•ed tu•d to ally defeated. '1 hi► l;appened too
under Marquis Wellesley's ,ktlntianstration, who was consi-
dered a great Conqueror. Leer since this pero,d the natives
In.re been impressed with a belief that they are luviiectlile in thew
forts, the cutioeqw nee bas been, that since that time they have
deLaded thew fortresses with heroic valour, and have scarcely
ever been fairly beat out of them. At Calluses. we were obliged
to bribe them to submission, and poor Gillespie lost his life. '1 he
place, even after lots death, and a:ter a practicable breach had
been made, and the shuts swept the defences, still made a most
hkrst•us and successful resistance. These fadures, and the sue-
satu: 'nvas-nos of the Plndaries, began to shake the opinion the
Latin. had of our tower. l.ptd M•'s towtight pcetl:cted theismr
evil eves. on ins fire atfiVa in lads, and strove and battled with
ti:e isnot:no .lid ptrver.e to tome these Pindaries to habits of
icduat: y. I his as only to lie done by assuming a commanding
I:l„vuev tAier throe l'ainea that suffered, and even encouraged,
t:.'nr lawless awl bintrly march. but to ►•tarn from Ibis dives-
stcat. Lord Mott a eetei mined by a scieotihc and vigorous attack
upon liatra•►tat r. t nose t.i.r great nane, and to make it at once
tviii ed and rut re cis d. To this end he viii.eita a large army, and
made great pi eye:attar% for twanging Hairass—pteparaison.
(Led that would have secured success.

" On the 2d d..y of Math la.t, the ha,terics opened a trerder.-
douo fire upon li.mant- stn th. evening, at outs t. I. the great
tnagaz.:o: blew up, which occasioned g, :at havoc and confusion ;
and at alcveo o'clock at night, the itajah, suing Los b"Prig66
L'IWIL/100, fled with 1,1.0') c.malry. be tide tit men that fizti
.t..ew. the fort pryer-sued the gates t. ins shot ; the Britisb, taking
edvantage of the opportuntiy,lll44ltii into the fur, and captured
Majur-(haeial lirewnr pirr-ned !Natant with hi* covalry. it
ihtagwed-tha, the Prcce C... 1 to Mooroant, a tortruw about
1 u miles Avan Iliuntos, and wind. 111 suit to In, ittrack,d. I ant
I.appy to itotatn you, Mat ILO. y;rt at acietvoinent, o sznportao:
Ws ha ceoaoquentso, Lao out coot too one 144."

.I.II,PirItLCK.

(Fi-ca: Lakuita GJIPAte4

By letters of the gels ci FebtuAry horn Beneco,cn,
we learn. that the tidlow.rg accounts had just been
received at alai settlement t
.4 Fore at through, lan. 30,1517.
" Three nits have recently arrivid at run Marlbrotigh; who
give the 'olio/wing account I hey day that they were sailors ye
healed the Union, l argil basses, is Weil sailed from Calcutta
about tonight/ ago, boun,i tor 'Atwell' and England. 1 bat
after they bad been about a month et wet, they found diens-
Deka. easly one nionsits, at a distance of seven nodes front an
Wand, an .at seven o'clock the skip stuck on rocks. She could
Dot be gut tif again, and was beginning to go to pieces, when the
boats were go, eat, and the Captain, the e Olheer.„(une named
Davies, and our since deed), an kuropeau passenger, a gunner
and Lb mate, both Europ, au., with about io hsocri a. peon-rded
to the islacti• he l slots ti and 040400 meant 10 coots back to
bring away the rest t.t the crew ; bar: as soon as they reached tile
*bore, the nativracanie down in a, hazy, h.uk.i up the boats at el
broke them in 1.4Ca11, so that ti r whole of ihtue uneutiauted wore
n:rde prissmieri. The natives sit irposi them of a 1 their clothes,
separated them into punts of dare.; anal tour, aid us the mom rig
drove them to the plataattuns, which they were ulp!ogeJ to weed
and dent; in the eveouis they were music to cut but wood and
Carry it borne. heir Cady allowance of Mod was shier plenum.
to each retson, set the !'cur peens had souse pork gayest to them.
There was DO rice ever seen on thei.latiel. The men vier. raked,
C.lttlett spears. 10J cut the r hair short. l he women wet. lair, WOOD
leaves round thar watrs, atd had loft hair If any ut Ihr ;
fortunate captives were too ill to work, ilk: natives tied their
hands toeether, and threw diem into the yea: several Lasear.
but pert/bed us this matinee. Capt:,in Harker was once very ill,
and they threatened to clot Win into the Sea One art them who
have ..taped says, that be was very id fta some days, and one
ridet brad the Datlllo6 se2y they would tbruw him into the sea
eget toothier; he resolved to otempt to escape, and contiived
to orcmtno ideate ith Intention to Gars a:11 barker, who desire hint,
k' be mien eded, to steer fur the rts,ng sun, when he would soon
reach lased He ran es while his master. were sleeping. got to
the beach at nildnicht, and writ to a hut where he knew two of
• the Lasears werekept; be woke them, ana together contrived to
hind two very long but very narrow canoed us each o her; they
procured a few cocoa snits, and making a tort of tall as well as
trey ctudd, they put out to eta. In five Jaya the current and
wind drove them aabore at Bello/Man /lay, near the scutigrn
extreme ut Sumatra. I hence they waist to Croce, and the Cen.
tiomen stationed there torwarded t—hrin us a boat to Dilarlbree.
As the people all wean wgican cgrhea, they called the island
roolts,l elatigang, which sigtofies naked; the maw' inteiligent of
the three who have escaped a% a JaV3lOlO, and %rake English; he
save he was main-top, boy, aed that he has s. awed on Loud the
Lust: ions, the Psyche, and others of Ali/jetty's ships.
'liter. can be little donut Ow the i-1:1:•.1 it I::ngano, and it
so, it is now clearly proved that h. mat cannibals.
"lOe aging•resident Is about to seed 3 aril r,rvani, with a ear-
sear. and a party art troop., to Itia,4suo, in tbs. ship Good Hope,
the :.o .r a.;,:oreplicieti.e the 1.b.. ta:lon of our %ft...celled tel.
low-Cfj.a:t::•• r, hl us :1,7:4 t1.,..5i:441 In savage slavery, by preval.
ire on the nathes to gist: them cp lie tschanhe for a variety of
er..C.lt S. whi.:ll hue beets CJllte.cd lur .Sts the tale of
settgy is gust,: bulk:town oar the island. it 1. lot tustAce that any
vessel h4peitcd to be fit pert at the time when this intelligence
was recessed, as the mmetc:de attire/I-I% arts staled to be seduced,
by dt.pair and gckness, in such a condition as to render it Likely
t curs Out the NOV prua tus :wee essubi have been In time
ii .as :Lenz:

S..turday se'nnight, about half past 12 (noon) the
red ot a small house in the ad tvursa of Whitehiven
suddenly fell in. A woman and a child were within
it, both of whom wcre got out of the ruins without
receiving any injury.. It has for several- years been
the only shadian..evt remaining in Whitehaven, and
is &aid to be the house that was built in it, 260
years since. It is further added, that it was built by
a pets ,n aimed Inks, Irom whom the town derived
its present Huse. It is certain, that at a very early
period of its elditellCe RI torn, it Was called White,.
TO Haven, and arterVards iiiitofthaven, long before
it was cootracted into Whitehouse. There are several
sathenut documents which prove so much; what-
ever may be thought of its being the identical dwell-
ing first erectedp.the ghee.

• ,

THUNDER.

The following rules for the pm:l:Aims to be ob-
served during thunder-storms, appear in the weekly
paper, the Litnary Gazette. They are founded oo
the general notions concerning substances and bodies
most capable of serving as conductors to the electric
fluid, and the circumstances most likely to occasion id
attraction :
ist. In walking In the open air, It Is recommended to 409
on perceiving the lightning, and not• to resume the motion sotd
the thunder Is heard.

ad. The shelter of tree•, particularly of very high ores, Is
to be avoided.

" If within doors, the wlwltsys and doers of the rootwabonld
be clo.td, to prevent any current of air.
" Ihe ptrsons in the room should avnhl the fire-place, win.
dotes, doors, and all things ornamented with meta/lir substan-
ces, and place themselves in the middle of the room.

" Flame Anti stui.ke bring conductors, the fire should be ex-
tinguished. For greater security, pt.r.otis may sear themselves
in out chair, with their feet on 'Antler, and thusretuain insu
turd from all conductors. 1)r. Frark!iit advises diu sitting on
feather beds or mattress,. in the middle of tht room

" 'I hr mc.t cerecti way, howes-r, would be to have a ham-
mock or bed su.pettil.e. by sirt curds, at an equal distance from
the four walls, the ceiling anJlLtor; for, as these i.bjecte are not
such powerful conductors as the walls, the lit:sating would not
prefer au iestOrtinated hoarse across the air ea the roam and the
beds, whilst It might cot:•iuue to run along the walls, which are
the best conductors.

" In this manner the datigernos fluid may he avoided„ if his
possible to avoid it, till, situation brims the mon secure that can
be takes in sale of lightning, in a liuu.Nt: utivrovalol with potect •
lug conductors eaternally."
