DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIPS.

Ambrose Welchnian and Johnson Masters, Foster lane, sew.
bat manufacturers—Nancy and John Brockman, Chepstow,
rope-makers—William Waters slid W. E. Pritchard, Chepsow,,
'timber-merchants—Jeffreys Wilkins andOWlikam Little, Great
St. Helen's, inturance-brokers—John Densham and William
Hancock, jun. Exeter, leather-dressers—Thorns" Bishop and
William bmitb, Yarmouth, fishing-merchants—John and Charles
Reynolds, Staines, calico-printers—George Hooker and John
Hiles, Bexley, mailmen—Benjamin JeffOrd and John Eddison,
1 Mansfield, woolstapiers—Michael Duke and George Steward,
York, comb•manutacturers—Venjamiu King snd WilliaM Cooke,
Kingsland-road, pattern drawers—John, and John Soper, jun. and
Robert Bruce, hat-manufacturers—WiUlam Punnett and Henry
Sindrey, Rodierhi he, ship-breakers—keuNz Magor,
Davey, and John Michel, Redruth, brewerw-.-Josepa and Sa.
riniiel Jiart, Plymouth, merchants

SICILr.

PALERMO, JUNE 17.

The Thames, Captain Napier, has destroyed a
fort of some consequence on the coast of Calabria.
Captain Napier so boldly anchored his ship within
pistol-shot, that it surrendered without loss, as the
men deserted, leaving only the officer to make the
capitulation, who wished it should not be de.troyed,
lest he might thereby incur the displeasure of Murat.
The flag of truce which Admiral Freemintle sent
to Naples was not suffered to have the least commu-
nication with the shore. Murat had previously gone
to the frontiers of France with his quota of troops.
The prospect of harvest in Sicily it so abundant, that,
corn is reduced ene fifth. Every thing here is quiet
as to politics, though there is a desire to send the,
old Queen out of the way. The Sicilian Parliament
has met : it is stid a proposition will soon come un-
der discussion to mould the Sicilian Const‘totion
the foundation of the British, so far as the existing
circumstances of the country will, admit of it.
' Ana 20.—The Milford lately sa.led from hence
for the Adriatic, having on board several field-
pieces, a corps of engineers, and entrenching tools.,
The Menelaus got so near to the French Ajax, .74k
during one of the late excursions of the Toulon fleet.
as to exchange broadsides, when the Menelaus' main-
mast was badly wounded,' and her hull and rigging
experienced damage.
JUNE 23.—The British Government has proposed.,
with the permission of the Sicilian, to raise a loan in
Sicily, for one year certain, or to be renewed for the
next with the consent of the lender, at an interest of
seven per cent. Re-payment to be made in Sicily,
IMaltat or England, at the option of the leader.—
Whoever wishes to receive his money at the end of
the first year is to give notice of that intention at the
expiration of the first eight months, and in like man-
ner four months before the end of the second year ;
and if such notice be not given, the loan is to be con-
sidered as-renewed. The interest to be paid twice
a-year, the first payment to be made on the 30th De-
cember nest, Those who wish to csuitribute to this
loan are to apply to the Commissary-General, Berg-
man, whO will furnish them withreeeipts, which will
be trAusfersibl.e.

. •,•
%:%. • 4. • .

, • •

. -
I PRiNCUPAPERS.

PARJB, JULY sl.

The Sans Pear privateer has taken, between Ce,
noa and Naples, a vessel bmind to Palermn, lades
with wool and paper, and carried her into Naples sa
the 6th instant. The Mnmus and Rose italliau car.
tied into Corsica, on the 22d of June, a three.masted
vessel, of 250 tons, armed with four guns, "hick
they captured on the 14th of that month. On Os
20th they burnt a vessel, of 3(10 tons, laden with aim
on English account. The cargo valued at 400,001
francs,

-------
Her Majesty the Empress rode on horseback tbe
29th of this month, at half-past twelve e'clock,
lowed by an open carriage, in the retired part of the
Park of St. Cloud I she went out by the gate tit
Marne, and returned at seven o'clock by that of
Twirto
and of the Horse-shoe. All the deer that were in us
Park were taken in snares and sent elsewhere.

KOWNO, JULY so.
Before his departure from Wilna, his Majesty the
Emperor Napoleon confided the Government of the
place to General Durosnel, and that of Kowa° to Ge.
'sera' Tariere.
It is impossible to conceive the vast confusion into
which the French have thrown the Russian army, by
having passd the Niemen with such rapidity 36 they
have done. Prince Constantine, whose heatt.i
ua
were at Caterklisko, Dear Swiziani, on learnt thee
the French were only three leagues from haa, aide
all his rage at first fall upon Messrs. Wiahmefi„
Plater, Rochiski, and Lubaki, who comiataija
COmmittee of Sseiziatti they fell under his sospitiott
he caused them to be arrested, and substituted fee
them Messrs. Pizirdriscki, Borthiewiki, and adult
But these latter, not very ambitious of profiting by'a
mark of confidence, which might be followed by ua.
just suspicions, availed themselves of the passports
which the Prince directed to be given to them for Wt.
tepsk, and came over to join the French.
Before his departute, Prince Constantine audio&
Led the most barbarous excesses, his troops net only
destroyed the magazines and military establishmsos
but even the private houses in which they had bent
quartered. A very great personage forgot himself
so far as to break the glasses and the furniture of dal
castle in which he resided, and that in the presence
of many ladies, to whom he was heard to say, "I
prefer breaking them to leaving to the enemy the
gratification of taking them V'
From all parts of Poland, which are still subject
to Russian despotism, brave Poles are coming in bete
and to Wilna, to join the confederation. Toy am
I all absolutely resolved to die, if it shone! be nem,
,t serf, to obtain the triumph of the great cause which
Iwe defend. Those who come from the frontiers of
Courland inform us, that the nobles, as well as iLs
peasants refuse taking the arms which have been dis.
tributed to them in the name of the Emperor Ales.
ander ; rather than arm themselves all the peasants
take to flight. They will soon augment the number
of the brave men who are triumphantly advancing
under the orders of the august Regenerator of Poland.

GOTIENBURGII M 414

••••1•••••

1

ADDRESS TO Tee OERHANS TO ASETKIILS Inn= sea
STANDARDS OE THEIR NATIVE COUNTRY ACID 0/
' )IIANOVER. .
"4,'Gerrnanst—Why do you make we; on Roil.
Ifoite
yourself over its borders, and treat in a haat&
mapper the people which has for many ages been in-
a .friendly relation with you—which has intorno-
raied in its bosom thousands of your coerarymen,
fostered their talents, and gave employment to their
industry? What can delude you to make this an.
just attack, which cannot prove otherwise than de.
striittive to yourselves, and which cannot end but
With the death of hundreds of thousands, L.r with
your total subjugation ? But this attack is not the
consequence of your own free and resolved deterne.
nation : this your good sense, your feelings of pa
bity sufficiently assure you; but you are the untot-
titmice tools of foreign ambition, which inceuande,
woks the subjugation of unlortußate Europe. g
" Germans! Unhappy and despised tools, fir rcl
eomplithing ambitious views, man and exalt your.
likes ; remember that you have for centuries been
renowned in history, as a great and tnaiNguiued
people in the arts (.f peace and war ; learn term the
example of the Spaniards and Pottriguese, (hit the
earnest and principal will of a nation Is Clitticie of
resisting successfully the attack. and the it of
a foreign power. You are depressed, Lim not yet be,
come debased or sunk. Although that numbers
among your higher ranks forgot the duty they owed
the country, yet the greater number of your Itatia
' are open, valiant, weary of the tc,re.gn yoke, and
true to God and their country. You, wha the
Conqueror Las driven to the Russian borders, oil
' the standard of slavery, and gather your selves roost.
t that of your native country, of liberty, of named
honour, which will be united under the protective t
' his Majesty the Emperor, my most gracious Lid.
He promises you the aid of all the valiant Rued'
men, out of a p-pulation of 50 miLions of his ill
tril who. are determined to carry on the war tali-
ndence and national honour till tire last deallio
Of reath.- His Majesty the Emperor Alexander. 1!"
pleased to appoint u.e to the *Ake of oirgres4
;brave emigrating Germon utficeis and widen la
place them in the German Legion. They will Is
Commanded by one of the Princes of Germany, she
has proved his attachment to the. cause of tie aat"
country by deeds and sacrifice.; and the rategmig.
of the German liberty is their first desualst
Should this great end be attained, your grat,_
_tfulat".
tire country will bestow glorious rewards oa doom
her loyal and heroic sons who have saved her feel
destruction. Should the consequ.nces not prove qv*
successful, our most gracious Emperor herewith',
sures to those brave men, habitauon and a retie"
' the line climate of the southern part of itussia.
" Germans I—Chuse, follow
country and of honour, and enjoy
your courage and of your sacrihces
selves still lower under the yoke w-
and you will sink in shame, misery,
the scorn of toreign commies, and
terity.—BT his imperial Majesty
Russia's high command. -
" The General in Chief of the
(Signed) 48 #ARCLAY

•

_.

A

hem part of Kuwa•
How the call of your
id enjoy
.the rewards of
sacrifices; or bend your-
yoke which is laid OD YOU.
misery, and debasement, .
les. and the tutee of pal'
Majesty tl.e Emperord
of the Russian Army ,
•
IiArReAY Dt TOLLY.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

Motibmt, Atrcutr 16.
plies OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
s prat Rad. 571—Cons. 56 /I —fbr opg.
A. 0.17 44-5 per Ct. 68ff —Bank Stock
Imo. sit pre.—Bonds 6s. dis.—Long Anne. Zi•
Nu 001 par is. dis.—Do. (Sisk) 4s. Si. pre:

frh, yam of the Wind still retards the arrival of
tar' vintisoTores dispatches ca the subject of his
gate glorious victory; they will, in all probability,
onieby do Duke of Kent packet, which is hourly
itpectea at Falmouth. We are far from partici-
however, in any fears as to the correctness of
thesearal outline of the details as we have already
sive thew. in the absence of any further particu-
lars, we think it our duty to lay before our readers
the following letter from Plymouth, as containing
the accounts communicated by the Officers of the
lasoLaNr, which brought Sir Houtz PoPuAM's dis.
patches. Their statemeht vaties in some slight par.
tinders from those received by,Government, but we
put still regard it as a corroboration:
PLYMOUTH, AUGUST e.
The teenswr gun-brig came in—this afternoon
three days from St. Andero, hating landed Capt.
*Ann yesterday at Torquay, who set off imme-
diately for London, With despatches of a most bril.
tent Victory obtained by Lord WELLING-To' over
MARNONT on the 22d ult. near Tom ; the result of
which is stated to be as follows t-12,000 of the ene-
my killed, wounded and prisoners, 8,000 troop, batt,
and artillery horses and mules, killed and taken, 25
pieces of cannon taken, 6 crack Regiments of the ene,
say annihilated, 8 Eagles and Standards taken, and
Generals BONNET and CARRIERE wounded and pri-
soners.

“ The loss of the Allies in killed, wounded, and
missing, is stated at 2,700 men. It is stated, that
Lord Watmarou bad made a feint of marching to-
wards Madrid ; upon which MARMONT, who had been
reinforced from Madrid, ice. crossed the Douro with
the intention of falling upon his Hank and rear $ but
that Lord WELLINGTON, who had also been reinforced
by a strong Spanish corps, unknown to MARMONT,
manceuvred so admirably as to cut off his return
over the Douro. The battle lasted the *hole
of the 22d, and was most sanguinary. The Spa-
niards and Portuguese are said to have fought with
admirable spirit and firmness, and to have suffered
the most. The British were invincible. Such are
the accounts I have received from the Officers of the
ISOLENT. They may not prove altogether correct
Ina the details ; but you may depend upon it, the
Pktrey is a most brilliant and decisive one.”

%SILICA, AVOUST 9. Yestetday the Prineess
Cwasr.otTs and the Pmxtzssas were accompanied
in their tides on horseback by the Bishop of SALTS- 'I
MY, Lord WALSINGIIAM, &c. &c. This morning
Princess CHARLOTTE attended divine service at St.
George's Chapel, and heard a sermon by the Rev.
Mr. CHAMPIONS. Her Royal Highness was attended
by Lady DE CLIFFORD.
The Pitack RRGENT'S Birth-day will be Celebrated
kt Frogmore ; great preparations are snaking for the
*mum

Saturday the Parties RZGENT went to Kew, dined
'with the Duke of CUMRERLAND, and remained there
all night►

Friday the Princess CHARLOTTE of WALES dined
irlth the Princess of WALES at Xensingtoti Palace)
end in the evening returned to Windsor.

Saturday morning the Earls of LivitaPoor, and
tATUURST, had audiences of the PRINCE RECANT at
Carlton House.

Yesterday Lord Mai mix gave a grind dinner
to the Lords of the Admiralty, and a large patty,
et his house at Wimbledqn.

Yesterday the Earl of HARROWBY gave a grand
dinner to several of the Cabinet Ministers, at his
house in Grosvenor-square.
Saturday next the LORD CHANCELLOR Will give a
grand dinner at his house in Bedford-square.
Gams it. HULBERT, Esq. is appointed Secretary
to Mound Sir Jon:sr WARREN.

Friday the French KING gave a grand entertain.
tnent to kis Royal Highness the Duke of Cummins,
all the French Princes and their families, the Spanish
Ambassador, and all the Foreign Nobility in Town,
St his house at Wimbleslon.
LYCEUM TIIIIATRE.—The Comic Opera of Rich
end Pow', was repeated at this Theatre, on Saturday
evesung, and the House was filled, in all its parts,
with some of the most fashionable company in Town.
The acting of Mr. FAWCETT in this Opera, was as
great and effectual as on any previous evening.
HAYMARKET TIIRATRE.-Lat Saturday night
14XL CENTLIVRES2S bustling, lively, but extravagant
Comedy of A bold Stroke for a Wife, was repeated,
and attracted, at its commencement, an audience
thronged in every part of the house. Mariam, who
Sods m Coload Feivlvell abundant scope for the di:-
Play of his imitative skill, was eminently happy in
the assumption of the various personal changes inci.,
dent to his part, and wts no less clamorously than
deservedly applauded; MUNDEN was incomparably
whimsical in Perriquinik, and BENNETT gave an able,
judicious, and faithful representation. of Obeufia Prim.
4 Day qfier the Iretlertrg, and The Sleets Wailer follow-
ed, and went off with the usual eclat.
The Parks were yesterday visited by a numerous
body of pedestrians, and considerable hustle prevailed
6210ng the groups of handsome women. All the
LItY Beller and Beaux mede their appearance 4. neat,
!rutli9 dressed," and the display upon the whole was
Interesting. The splendour and attraction of the
thistnr/a4 lost by the unsettled threateaing state of
r.

tarlAT br tut Yawn IV
RUSSIANS.
The accounts received by GoVeturnent &en the
Baltic, (to which we alluded on Saturday) were in
the form of despatches from Admiral Meaux, dated
off Riga, on the 17th ultimo. They states that the
three successful actions in which the French were re-
pulsed, were fought on the 11th; 12th, and 13th ult.
The French attacks were said to have been shade upon
the Russian tetu-duliont, which defend the passage of ‘,
the Dwina, and the assailants are said to have lost
1100 men. If the report of the same evetits which
reached Gottenburgh, were received through a chan-1
nel different from that which conveyed Admiral
MAarnes despatc h, we are strongly inclined to be- It
lieve the original account to be correct. From the t
subjoined Russian Bulletin, It appears that it is at
their entrenched camp at Drissa, or rather Driema,
a town situated at the confluence of the Dwina and
the Driesna, that the Russians intend to Make their
great stand.
Dunaburg Where the? have another entrenched
camp, is farther down the Dwina. We are unable
to state precisely, the situation of Prince BAGRATION'S
army—the French boast of having driven him across
the Beryathenes, bat yob have no dottbt, that be will
again make his appearance to the. 'Mow, as he has
been ordered to attack the enemy. The French have
entered Mittati, where they found some cannon : the
nextenterprite of that division of their army, which
is commanded, we believe, by MACDONALD, will be
Riga. Some of the letters mention that an action had
been fought at Mittau ; but we are inclined to think.
that the Russians had, as usual, evacuated it on the
approach of the enemy. In the letters from Peters-
burgh, the Russian force is estimated at 495,000.
We fear that this is an exaggeration.

RUSSIAN BULLETIN.

." Head-Quarters, Janitschy, June VI, 0. S. (July 9.)

" AU the corps cf the first army have already
joined, and retire tomorrow to the fortified camp at
Drissa, on the Dwina. Our troops have borne the
difficulties attendent on marching with the patience
peculiar to them. The enemy has been disappointed
in his endeavours to cut off any of the corps which
form the first army, as well as in his attempt to sur-
round our right wing. The principal force of the
enemy is at present directed against our left, in order
to place themselves between the first and second
army. Prince Bagration has received orders to at-
tack the enemy's corps opposed to him. Move-
ments have been made in the first. army to this ef-
fect.—Since the trifling skirmishes at the passage of
the Disna, our rear-guard has not had any serious at-
tack to repel."

Admiral Sir Jonti BORLAIER WARREN, K. B. who
has been appointed Commander-in Chief at Halifax,
and of the Windward and Leeward-Island stations.
is daily expected at Portsmouth, to hoist his lag on
board the ST. DOMINGO. The PO/CTIERE, 74, Capt.
BERESPORD ; FAWN, 420, Capt. FELLOW'S ; MAGNET,
Capt. MAURICE ; MUTINE, Capt. DE COURCY ; and
the SOPHIE, Capt. LOCKYER, ate fitting for foreign
service, to form part of Sit. JOHN'S squadron.
By the GRAMPUS, arrived at Portsmouth, which
left Cadiz on the 18th ult. we learn that an unsuc-
cessful attempt has been made by the boats of the
TUSCAN and ENCOUNTER to CUt out some vessels from
St. Lucar, when, from insuperable obstacles, which
no degree of bravery could overcome, only one ves-
sel (a boat without 4uns) was captured, whilst the
ENCOUNTER, Lieut. '1 AL.BOT, was taken by the enemy,
first Lieutenant of the TUSCAN badly wounded, and
about 55 men killed and wounded. Lieut. Taimyr,
and his surviving officers and crew, had been ex-
changed. The ALFRED, 74 guns, Captain Howrou,
sailed from Cadiz on the 11th ultimo, and has since
arrived in the Downs, with two Spanish vessels under
convoy. _

A letter, dated the 50th tilt. from an Officer be-
longing to the squadron under Sir H. Popham, gives
the following account of the result of an attack upon
Santander :•••11 On the 22d and 24th they got some
guns upon a rock, without musket-shot of a four-gun
battery. The ships then went against it. The Rhin
got one man killed, one severely wounded, and two
slightly.' The Insolent had two killed and two
wounded. The Venerable had her maintop-mast shot
through. A party of men from the Rhin succeeded,
in planting two 24-pounders upon the rock, and play-
ed upon the batteries. By the 27th, two of the ene-
my's glans were disabled; and General Porlier having
sent forward his advanced guard, it was With
80 men from the Medusa and Venerable. With this
force the General was to attack the town in the rear,
while the Rhin in the front, with two other frigates
and three brigs, passed the battery, and kept up a
heavy fire, without a single shot received on our part.
The enemy ran, and Sir G. Collier, thinking that
General Porlier was attacking the town, led into its
front, but was beat back. The French had received
reinforcements ; they were stated at 800, but they
proved to be in fact 4000. We are sorry to state,
that Sir G. Collier, and Captains Lake and Malcolm
were wounded in this affair."

Mr. MONTAGUR BUROOTRR has signified. his inten
tion of again standing forth a Candidate to represent
the County of Essex. •
COURTS MARTlALow4ridlly, a Court Martial was
.held at Portsmouth on Lieutenant J. T. Leaver, of
his Majesty's ship Quay for having, on the 213th of
July, treated Captain Wooweame with contempt be-
fore the ship's-company, and for having behaved in
a manner tending.to subvert the good order and dis-
cipline of the service. The charges were not prored.
I and Lieutenant Lemoyne was acquitted.--Joins Mop-
sax, private marine, of the Cute; for drunkenness,
for treating Lieutenant UNIACCR with insolence and
contempt, and for using mutinous expressions, was
sentenced to receive 150 lashes, forfeit all pay due to
him, and to be imprisoned twelve months in the Mar-
shaLea.---./das Fearaoth, leantan of the LATONA for
desertion, was sentenced to receive 150 lobes....itser
Admiral Miaow fraidem.
