GUILDHALL.

Mr. Hendricks Myers, who stated himself to be a ship agent in a
considerable way of business, was summoned for having fraudu-
lently demanded and received the sum of ,e 1 15s.
Mr. Windle, a ship and general agent, residing in New London-
street, said, on the 10th August the defendant came to their house
with a Captain Vogt, Commander of a Danish vessel named the
Johanna, Alinde, and said be had paid the pilot of the Juhannas
Minds .82 10s. as distance money from Lowestoft* to Orfortiness,
and other trifling sums on account of the vessel, amounting to
Is. 3d. He drew up an account of these charges, and requested
to be repaid.
Jas. Palmer, the pilot, said, that on the 10th August the defendant
paid him 15s. and 2s. 6d. thinking money, for piloting the vessel.
Mr. Myers, in his defence, said that the charge originated in
malice, as he was in considerable practice, and was ship-agent to at
least sixty vessels. If he had done wrong it was through a mistake,
and he had offered to refund the money.
Mr. Alderman CROWSIR was of opinion, that a sufficient case for
commitment bad been made out, but consented to take bail for de-
fendant's appearance at the Sessions.
Dimness.—A poor African was brought in by Mr. Rogers, the
chemist, at the corner of King-street, Cheapside, at whose shop he
had been endeavouring to buy a halfpennyworth of arsenic, for the
purpose, as he frankly admitted to the Alderman, of putting a period
to his existence. He stated, that he should have been a Geutlentan
in his native country, but when be was seven years old be was
seized and carried off by the slave hunters, and, until seven years
ago, he had been enduring the miseries of slavery in Rio Janeiro.
He was then brought to England, got employment as a sailor, was
at the siege of Algiers, but latterly could obtain employ neither at
sea nor ott shore ; he had been twice thrown Into prison for begging
—the last time for three months, and he had just regained his li-
berty. Afraid to beg, without a home, and with the proßpent of
starvation before him, he sought to terminate his miseries at once.
Mr. Alderman CROWDZIR endeavoured to sooth the poor fellow's
mind, and convince hint of the wickedness of his intention, and di-
rected him to be taken care of until some arangement could be
made for him.
