FOREIGN' TiIAD

Just published, in ;lisle Volume, Octavo, price al. n s. ed.
APRACTICAL ABRIDGEMENT of the CUB-
TOM and EXCISE LAWS relative to the Import, Ex-
port, and Coasting Trade of Great Britain and her Dependencies;
including Tables of the Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, and Pre-
miums. Interspersed with the Treaties with Foreign Powers ;
Regulations of Trading Companies; Proclamations; Orders in
Council; Repokts of Adjudged Cases ; Opinions of Law Officers ;
and other matters. Third Edition. Brought down to August
the IBM, 1817.

By CIIA R LES POPE,
Centrollint Surveyor of the Warehouses in Bristol; and late of
the Custom-House, London. _ _

London : Pubßah--"Wity Baldwin, Cradoek, and Joy, No. 47,

-
The Acts of Parliament, and other Regulations dated
. since November Ist, 1816, may be had separately, price 5c 6d.
••• Ship Owners and Merchants, it is submitted, would find
it to their interest to supply their Captains and Foreign Agents
with this Book.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY, JANUARY 24, 1818.
THE FUNDS. .•
PRICE OF STOCKS TUTS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK :
Reduced 80}-.-Cons. 80f.-Cons. for Feb. 8O
•4 per Cent. 99 _Navy Annuities 105;
' India Bonds 107'108 pr.—Exch. Bills 18 28 pr.

On the 7th instant we laid before our Readers a
Proclamation by the King of SPAtls, issued on the
18th ult. in consequence of a Treaty concluded be-
tween the Courts of Lonslon and Madrid, prohibiting
all the subjects of the Spanish Monarchy from pro-
ceeding to any place north of the Line on the Coast
of Africa, from the date of the Proclamation, for the
purpose of buying slaves ; and from proceeding to
any part on the said coast south of the Line after the
tOth of May, 1820, when the Slave Trade is to be
entirely abolished.

Our Readers will recollect—indeed their trouble
in turning up their file of the Paper to read the Pro.
clamation will be well repaid, if they will compare
the reasoning and motives therein assigned for this
measure with the real fact.

Among other reasons therein set forth for abolish-
ing the Slave Trade, it was stated that in America
" the number of indigenous Negroes had increased
prodigiously ; and even that of free Negroes, under
the fostering care of a mild Government and the
Christian humanity of the Spanish proprietors ; the
number of white inhabitants had likewise been much
augmented, and the soil, being cleared of wood, had
become less prejuditial."—That is, there was no want
of fresh supplies of labourers.—Other reasons were
also assigned, and the whole was summed up with a
declaration, that having weighed all the circum-
stances the KING, in his wisdom, had " determined
that the time for the abolition had arrived."

Who would presume to question the sincerity and
frankness of the motives assigned by his Most Fea-
t-id Majesty for any act? Who would believe that
the receipt of a sum of money from another, Power
had any place among the inducements which pro-
cured the publication of this Proclamation? We are
not among the number who would presume to ques-
tion the sincerity, the candour, and humanity of the
beloved FERDINAND : but we should like to know
how it should happen, if the real reasons for the abo-
lition were, that there was no farther want of hands
in South America ; that Africa had now a prospect
of speedy civilization, and that of course the humanity
of purchasing her war prisoners, to prevent their being
murdered, ceased to operate as a motive; and that the
time for abolishing the Slave Trade had arrived !
We should like, we say, to know, these being the real
reasons of the• abolition, on what ground this Mo-
narch, whom we so much revere and respect, should
have demanded and obtained from this country the
sum of Four Hundred Thousand Pounds sterling, as
a price for the abolition ?

Our reason for putting this question will he seen
from the following copy of the Third and Fourth Ar-
ticles of the Treaty to which we have alluded:

" ARTICLE Britannic :Majesty engages to pay in
London, en the 20th of February, 1819, the sum of four hun-
dred thousand pounds sterling, to such person as his Catholic
141.4,-sty *ball appoint to receive the same.

AAISCLIC IV.—The said turn of four hundred thousand
pounds sterling is to be considered as a full compensation for all
tosses sustained by the subjects of his Catholic Majesty engaged
In this traffic, on account of vessels captured previously to the
etchange of the ratifications of the present Treaty ; as also for
the losses which arc a necessary consequence of the abolition of
the said Traffic."

•We are aware that we may be referred to the ar-
ticles themselves for an answer to our query—the
money is to reimburse losses sustained by Spanish
sub]cts by the capture of vessels engaged in this un-
traffic. But do we not know that Spain
has engaged to pay to Russia a certain sum of money
for ships of war I,itely furnished to her; that she is
now preparing an armament for the resubjitgation
of South America ; and that her 'Treasury has for
some time been, and at this present moment is empty?
Can we have any security then 'that the money will
be employad in reimbursing property lost by capture?
Or r‘.'ner, is there not an absolute certainty that not
a shilling of the money will be so applied ; and that
the whole will be expended in the new Expedition
destined for South America ?

But no matter. The Slave Trade is to be entirely
abolished by the 30th of May. 1820! We hope apd
believe it will—by INDEPENDENT South Ame-
rica, loag before that period ; but if the accomplish-
ment of that,objcct w►as any part Qf the motive for

making so large a present of money, the gift must
have a tended,' to procrastinate the day of abolitionl
—by enabling Spain to prolong the war. If prevent-
ing a further waste of human lives was any part of
the motive, the gift will, on the contrary, increase
the waste in South America, if not in Africa, by
maintaining the extirpating armies sent against the
inhabitants.

We have another objection against the bargain ;
rising out of the ofd adage—" There are two bad
paymasters : those Who pay before-hand, and those
who never pay at all." When ready money is produced
the equivalent should instantly be given—not at a
future day. The Slave-trade is to be abolished on
the 30th of May, 1820—the price should not have
been paid till the 91st day of that month. In our
Ifnind the money is thrown away. Had Spain not
got this money, our object, the abolition of slavery,
would soon have been obtained, by the emancipation
of South America ; but should Spain, by the acqui-
sition of this money, succeed in reducing her former
colonies to subjection, she will abolish the Slave-trade
—when she has obtained another four hundred thou-
sand pounds—should it be then quite convenient !

The Paris Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday
have arrived. The question respecting the Recruit-
ment of the Army is still the principal subject which
occupies their columns. The Chamber of Deputies
have had two farther Sittings upon it, and the deter-
mination of it has been yet farther adjourned. An
abstract of the leading speeches we subjoin :

CHAMBER OF PEERS.
BULLETIN OE THE i9TII JANUARY.

The PRESIDENT communicated to the Chamber a
letter from the Master of the Ceremonies, purporting
that his Majesty would feel pleasure in seeing a De-
putation of the Chamber of Peers joining in tise cele-
bration of the anniversary service which will be cele-
brated at St. Denis on the 21st, in honour of the late
King, Louis XVI.
A Deputatipn was accordingly nominated, consist-
ing of M. le Marquis de LAVRISTON and several
other Members.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
sirnwo OF THE 19Th[.

The Sitting opened at one o'clock. The discussion
on the Recruiting of the Army being resumed,
BONALD ascended the tribune, and spoke to the
following effect:—Hr began by observing, that the
present measure differed only in name from the Con-
scription, and was therefore contrary to the Charter,
which had abolished the Conscription. He inveighed
against the Conscription, not only on account of its
oppressive consequences, but as calculated to destroy,
instead of nourishing, the military spirit in a nation,
as was shew•n when, in spite of its most energetic ap-
plication, France saw her territory and capital sub-
dued. He insisted, that compulsory service was little
better than the slave trade, and contrary to the genius
of Frenchmen ; and that soldiers would never be want-
ing to defend the country, if they had reason to love
the Government. He reminded them of the time
when the crook of a shepherdess was sufficient to
restore Charles the Seventh to his throne. He then•
addressed himself to those who argued that national
armies must be formed for the support of public liberty,
lie asked whether the armies of Cesar and Pompey
were not national ? Were they not composed of
Roman chi: ens. educated in the love of liberty, and
full of the recollections of a long-established Repub-
lic? And yet did not these very armies, though
fighting against each other, yet conspire for one com-
mon purpose of overthrowing public liberty? And
did not the conqueror make this Republic bow under
his splendid Dictatorship? lie asked whether the
armies of Fairfax and Cromwell were not national?

Were they not composed of English citizens, all born,
educated, nourished in the ideas of Parliamentary
liberty, and of resistance to Royal prerogative? And
yet did not the fortunate Cromwell employ these very•
men to stifle all public liberty under his pernicious
Protectorate ? Were not the armies of Bonaparte
national armies ? Were they not composed of men
born in the cradle of the Revolution, nursed with its
milk, and all hot with the fanaticism of liberty ?
And yet did not Bonaparte nse these very men to
extirminate all liberty ? Ah ! (he exclaished) ye r.-.en,
of tittle memory,•pn whom the lessons of history and
the inferences of reason are equally lost :*what ! are

yon not afraid that out of the ranks of this very army,
of which we are now disputing, some enterprising,
audacious spirit may start forth, and putting his
sword in the place of the President's bell, terminate
all our harangues with one word, and iascrihe on the
door of this Assembly—This Clamber to let?

[llere the French I'apers exhibit a curious specimen of party
spirit. The Royalist Paper, La Qnseidiennt, mthich supports the
Party to which M. Donald belongs, says, that this observation was
recvived with the most Battering marks of applauvs. The Ato-
nal de Paris, (the paper of the Liberal Party) slates, that it ex-
cited violent murmurs; and the Jnintal des Moires, a Moister/al
Paper, said to be under the direction of de Cazea, essert, boldly
that the ()Nervation was followed by Continual bursts of laughter.;
M. MORISET spoke in favour of the Ministerial
oject. He refuted the arguments of the opponents
of the meawre nearly in the same terms as former
speakers on the same side. He proposed, as an amend-
ment, to extend the exception of the ballot to all only
sons. Such a measure, in his opinion, could not in-
terrupt the operations of Government.

M. CAUSEL de COUSSERGUES thought, that the
adoption of the proposed mode of recruiting would
be equivalent to a change of the monarchical repre-
sentative Government into a democratic, the Royal
prerogative would be so much reduced by it. He
would, therefore, combat with all h,is force to prevetil

such a reduction of the Royal prerogative, and to
I repel such attacks made by despotism on national
liberty. The military force that the Ministry was
raising inspired him with the most lively fears.—
" Unhappy," cried he, " the ambitious Sovereign
who wishes to preserve a military force which would
annihilate his power."
M. de SOLILHAC concluded a long speech by de-
claring his opinion in favour of the project cf law.--
" If," said he, " France is to continue a great and
powerful nation, she must have an army to secure
her independence. Whatever may be the moderation
of Europe, France without an army would still be
an humbled nation ; and the remembrance of glory
would only be for her a subject of affliction and de-
spair. The King has well appreciated the wishes of
his people, and will not be allowed in vain to de-
mand soldiers from a generous nation. Our army
is in the last state of reduction ; our legions are
unfilled; our country in tears looks about in vain
for those defenders, who constituted her glory and
her security. She sees nothing in her fortresses but
the bayonets of foreigners. France has nevertheless
sten her population increase, though her colours
float over a very small number of her children.—
She therefore addresses her complaints to you, and
you will answer to her solicitude. The nations of Eu-
rope have been instructed in our school, and cruel
necessity has forced them to adopt our military prin-
ciples. Conquered by the conscription, they have
called the conscription to their aid, and the conscrip-
tion has saved them. Let us beware of renouncing
that which has bad so much influence on their desti-
nies, and let us dread to become what foreign na-
tions were before the commencement of the struggle.
But the present conscription differs essentially from
the former one, as there is a great difference between
the situation of a legitimate King and a Usurper.—
This latter circumstance should calm the minds of
Frenchmen. Our destinies are no longer attached to
a man who precipitated whole generations into the
tomb, and the universe proclaims now the modera-
tion of our Sovereign. Forced services have always
existed in monarchies, and to say that the charter
proscribes all forced services, is the same as saying,
that it proscribes the defence ofour territory. The new
law is just, it contains no humiliating exception. Vo-
luntary enrolments are nothing, they ofFerno security.
Adverting to the annual vote for the army, proposed
by some Members, the orator contended that it was
an innovation that would every year expose the ex-
istence of the Throne to danger. The enemies of
legitimacy might then attack it successfully, not with
cannon, but with black balls—(A laugh ).—lle op-
posed the 28th Article about promotion ; and, with
that exception, would vote for the Ministerial Project.
Trie Marquis de DoRIA terminated the Sitting
by a speech, in which he combated the opponents of
the Project.--Adjourned at five o'clock.
