We have received Paris Papers to the Bth inst.

party.

They are filled with rumours of disagreements sub.
twisting, in various parts of the Continent, which they
eagerly seize upon for the purpose of magnifying.—
Thus we hear of jealousies prevailing among the three
great powers, Austria, Russia, and Prussia, respecting
their several exertions in .the contest which humbled
Prance ; and we are also told that dissatisfaction pre-
vails among the Saxons, Bavarians, and Swiss, at the
Measures about to be adopted respecting them. We
believe that all these rumours are creations of a dis-
tempered brain. Had they been published under the
regime of BONAPARTE, we should have regarded them
as Official intimations that new wars were in contem-
plation :—under the mild and pacific sway of Lout;
XVIII. th 7 are perfectly harmless.
. The Chamber of Commerce of Nantes have pub-
lished a nvist wicked article in support of the Slave
Trade—co.iveying, at the sitire time, some scurrilous
reflections against Great Britain. The suppression of
ruch a publication would have done honour to any
censor of the

Marshal DAVOLLT comes again before the public
in the Paris Journals, where .he is treated with little
ceremony. His justification, or memorial to the King
seems to have come from the same pen with the al-
tick. in favour of slavery.—.He admits, for instance,
that he shot twelve citizens of Hamburgh ; but
tben he reminds us that BONAPARTE, by a so-
lemn Deuce, had declared all the Inhabitants
of Hamburgh to be.Frcnch subjects : ergo they were
rebels and traitors !
.Really this Monsieur DAVOUST
is a most acute logician ; and we doubt not, was a
most zealous partiz•tn to BJSAPARTE. He ought
to follow him to Elba.

A Hamburgh Mail arrived yesterday, but with
tl;e exception of a report that the Norwegians have
gain broken out in nbellion, it brings little news of
importance. The report is to the following effect :
An English cutter brig is said to have arrived at El.
sineur, on the Ist instant, with intelligence that ano-
ther revolution had broken out in Norway, and that
an action had taken place between the Swedes and
Norwegiart, in which 1500 on both sides were killed.
We apprehend this to be a magnified account of the
disturbances at Christiana which we have already
-tioticed, and in which the inhabitants only were the
disturbers of the peace, the Norwegian soldiery hav-
ing interfered to preserve order in concert with the
Swedes.

Tn 4RM!".

The Dote of WattaNtsTmes regiment (the Blues)
is to continue upon its present establishmmt of
dificers.

Lieutenant-General HOUSTOUN, by his proinotion
from the rank of Major:General, vacates his com-
mands of Lieutenant Governor of Portsmouth Gar-
rison and Commander in Chief in the South West
District ; in which he will be succeeded, on the 2kb
instant, by Major-General HOWARD. The Staff of
the district will, at the same time, be reduced to the
peace establishment, by which LieWellain..COlOnel
FOSTRII, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Major
RAITT, Assistant Quarter-Master-General, retire.
The 10th Hussars, owing to existing circumstance:,
certainly afford a better prospect of promotion than
any corps in the service. There is at present but one
Cornet in the regiment. _

Saturday an order was received at the Cavalry
Barracks in Brighton for the 10th Hussars to march
for Brentford. The 18th are expected to take their
duty at Brighton. Lieutenant-Colonel Qum's is at
present in London.
The 14th Regiment of Light Dragoons, and the
93d and 95th Regiments, embarked at Plymouth
on Wednesday and Thursday hst, for Bermuda.
They will sail with the NORGE, 74, Captain DASH-
WOOD, on board which ship General KEANE takes
his passage. He embarked at Portsmouth, previously
to her sailing for Plymouth on Monday last. A bri-
gade •f artillery, Captain LAwe's Rocket Brigade,
and a company of Sappers and Miners, go out with
this force.

Part of the last division of the British Army from
the South of France is arrived at Cork, in 17 trans-
ports, protected by the LIGHTNING and GOLDFINCH.

Friday two Officers met near Cari.brook Castle :o.
decide an affair of honour; but by the vigilance of
the Constables it was prevented, and one of the p tr-
ties taken into custody.
Yesterday Hyde Park afforded a greater display of
fashionables than usual at this season of the year.—
The fineness of the day attracted all the remaining
beau monde in the west end of the town—the carriage
road from Hyde. Park. Corner to Cumberland G.tte,

was thronged with carriages and horsemen.

The Princess of SALMS, now mirried to the Duke
of CUMBERLAND, was born Princess of M6cKLEN-
STRELITZ ; she is widow of the Prince of
SALMS, niece to her mews-, and sister to the late

Queen of PRUSSIA. She is about forty years of age,
and the Duke, her husband, is forty•three.
Yesterday the Earl and Countess CATHCART, gave
their farewell dinner, at their house ia Grosvenor-

square; there were present the Marquis and Mir-
chioness of WORCESTZR, the Earl of FIFE/ and a large

Yesterday, Mrs. Denwe, the wife of Mr. G A.
Cf the General Post-oMce, was s.dcly deli•

vered of a son.

A good deal of public curiosity was excited on
Saturday afternoon by the passage of a balloon over
the metropolis. Whence it came nobody knew.

Madime LUCIEN BONAPARTE arrived on the 3lst
ultimo at Bruges, on her way from England. She
set out belt day for Italy. .

-The regular ships for the service of the East India
Company for the season 1814-.15, it is expected, will
be taken up on Wednesday next.- Several of the

1200 ton ships which have performed eight voyages,
will be engaged for a ninth. The number,
will be augmented as occasion may require, will con-
siv, at first, of 28 ships.
The Rosman), Captain PEAKE, sailed last week
from Portsmouth for the Elbe, having in cl-i4rge tl:e
small handsome vessel which was presented to tl:e
King of PRUiSIA by the PRINCE REGENT, in the R
visit to that port. She is very tastefully and elegantly
gilded and fitted up.
The CONQUESTADOR has been kept under quaran•
tine at the Motherbank since her arrival, hut there is
no case of fever remaining in the ship. Her Officers
and crew have been mustered by the Guardian of
Health, and her sick list contained only eight cases—
all accidents. The following are the names of those
who died on board, between the 15th of July and the
9th of August ;
Lord Wiliam Stuart, Captain ; JamesDufr, Captilo Royal Ma
fines; J. H. Davis, H. F. Oieden, John M'Cleflan, Thoma,
Byrne, Midshipmen; Michael Cummings, Thrs.ln,:elp, Jarn:s
Kilburne' Michael Cling, Zacharialt Migsat, Charles Warren,
stamen; George Edwards, Enoch Balton, Henry Hughes, Wm.
Roberts, William Luz, and John Lovell, marines. •
In answer to some observations in the Morning
Chronicle, we are authorised to state, that the dra-
matic sketch of the Witness, was eight months ago
ascribed by the Editor of The Chamtion to Mr. COLE-
'time ; and that, in consequence, the Author took
ui opvrtunity immediately after of avowing himself,
in another Sunday paper, The Observer; but as such
avowals cost money he thought ten shillings quite
enough to pay on account of so trifling a matter,
although he does not think it any honour to have his
productions ascribed to Mr. Comnocs. The Comedy
of A search after Perfection, published along with the
Sorceress, was many years ago, before the Author of
the Witness had probably written a single verse, read
and commented upon by Mr. Cuuntioor, and to this
circumstance pLrhaps may be ascribed the repetition
of an unfounded and contradicted allegation.
It will be. seen by a letter from Mr. P. BotrahnO,
inserted in a preceding page, that every means has
been used to deter the public from visiting the port of.
Newhaven, to take their departure for France, how-
ever this cannot be of long duration if the letter is
correct—a circumstance that we have no reason to
doubt, the same having been presented through a
respectable channel.—The Port of Newhaven is nine
miles east of Brighthelmston, seven south of Lewes,
nine miles N.W. of Beachy Head, 57 miles from Lon-
don through Lewes, and 65 miles from Dieppe ; the
harbour is particularly good, safe and commodious ;
passengers are embarked from a wharf. From the
situation with Dieppe there can be no doubt but the
Port must be a desirable circumstance for those who
wish to embark with comfort, which can but seldom be
accomplished from an open shore in boats. The pub-
lic must be coniinced that every means would be used
to prevent Newhaven from being known, as it must,
no doubt, ultimately be a great rival to Dtighton in
pocketing, and`from which port there is reason to
believe Packets will regularly sail, the neat venom
:•

iiratt.

EAST INDIA SHIPPING.
The SAMARANO country ship from Bombay, passed
Portsmouth, on her way to the Downs on the 10th
instant : she sailed from Bombay the Bth May, and
from St. Helena, in company with the hAriaLLA, the
latter end of July; left at St. Helena the extra ships
MINERVA and LORD FORBES (which sailed from Bom-
bay 19th April), waiting for convoy. The BATAVIA
extra ship and the CASTLEREAOH country ship sailed
from Bombay in April, and the LONGILE FAMILY from
St. Helena 6th May.
The Company's outward bound ships Wtxcitetsza,
ASTELL, EUROPE, CASTLE HUNTLEY, ASIA and MAR-
QUIS Or HUNTLY, were all well the 10th May, in lat.
35. 88. S. long. 15. 39. E. The SURAT CASTLE and
ROYAL CHARLOTTE were found to have separated
from the fleet on the morning of the 7th.
Upon the 28th May, in lat. 32. S. long. 30. E. the
Ranger whaler fell in with his Majesty's brig BAR-
RACOOTA and three Indi.tmen (the LADY LUSHING•
TON, Exvrea, and another), bound to the Cape.—
On the 30th May these ships were joined by another
Iscliaman.

The SCALISE CASTLE, outward bound, arrived at
the Cape the 26th May.
The EARL SPENCEI arrived at Bombay the Ist
May, from Port Jackson.

The Samarang is arrived at Portsmouth from Born-
bay, whence she sailed about the middle of May—
touched‘ at St. Helena, and sailed thence 20th July,
leaving at that island the Company's ships Minerva
and' ord Forbes, which were to wait the arrival of
,:onvo, home.
