DRURY-LANE THEATRE.

The new opera of Mabum was repeated last night
with increased success and general applause. The acting
of Mr. WALLACK and Miss KELLY was in every instance
highly interesting and impressive; the songs (all adapted
to Scotch and Irish tunes) were given with great effect,
particurarly those allotted to Miu STKPII ENS, Miss Po-
vizir, and Mr. Hoax; and the finely picturesque and
beautiful scenery excited most justly the universal ad
miration of a crowded and elegant audience. The last
scene of the Mountain Torrent presented one of the
most effective objects of the kind we have ever witnessed
on any stage. The piece altogether is alike interesting
and amusing,and promises to be of permanent attraction.

CATHULLIN—Mr. Hoax.
Of woman's smile, and woman's charms,
A thousand rail., number—
She lights the peaceful world to arms,
And bids the battle slumber.
Such nectar bangs upon her lips;
Such suo-beams dance about her;
Man dreams of Heaven, wheneer he sips,
And fancies none without her !
Though cued in mail, that spurns the lance,
And armed with martial boldness;
She mends, with one bewitching glance,
That melts his icy coldness.
Yet, while he owns her soft controul,
And bends in silken slavery ;
Her cheering voice can wake his soul,
To deeds of matchless bravery

ADMIRALTY COURT, JANUARY 50.

RIPRISENTATIVES or SIR R. KALL, DRC: V. OMURA

HOSPITAL.

This was a suit claiming 1,2001. now lying in the
coffers of Chelsea Hospital, which was alleged to be
due to Sir Robert Hall, as prize money.
It appeared, that in 1798, Genoa and its depen-
dencies were captured by a combined force of British
men-of war, and a hod, of Sicilian trnops. One of the
•
vessels was commanded by Sir R bert Hall, who at
the time of the capture was acting as Illigadier-Ge-
nei al of the 4icilian troops, the command of his vessel
being entrusted to the First Lieutenant. In the distri-
bution of the prize-money, however, the Naval Com-
missioners allotted Sir Robert Hall his full share of 7001.
as Commander of a King's ship, and the Sicilian Com-
missioners awarded him a further sum of 1,2001. This
latter sum Sir Robert never claimed, and it was, after
some time, paid into Chelsea Hospital.
Lord SrowELL expressed his decided opinion, that S r
Robert was only entitled to receive in the higher capa-
city. The payment of 7001. to him by direction of the'
Naval Commissioners was made in error, and that that
sum ought to have been distributed among the Officers,
who had his duties to perform in addition to their own..
With respect to the 1,2001. now claimed, the Court could
only act upon the Order of Council issued at the time,
which directed that the share allotted to the Sicilian
army should be paid into the hands of the Minister for
that country, resident here. The Court, therefore, or-
dered the money to be paid into that Minister's hands,
and advised the representatives of the deceased to me
morialiae the King of Sicily on the subject.

The Committee at Quebec for the Relief of the Mira-
michi Sufferers, presented an address to the Earl of
DALHOUSIC on the 28th of December, in which they
stated, that through the genero,ity and humanity of
the neighbouring towns and provinces, they had been
enabled to place those unfortunate persems in a situa-
tion of comparative comfort, and provided against the
inclemencies of winter. The severity of that season in
Canada, may be estimated, when it is stated that at
IMontreal, on the 14th of December, the thermometer
stood at 22 deg. below zero.
A project is in hand, to make a canal from Lewes to
Brighton, for the double purpose of carrying goods,
and supplying both places with pure running spring
water from the excellent and abundant springs near
Southover, called the Coch-hut and Spring Ditch.
The House in which the Representatives of Kentucky
was sitting took fire about the middle of December,
'and was entirely consumed. The House was in Session
when the fire was discovered ; every effort to arrest the,
progress of the flames proved ineffectual.—The Metho-1
dist Church was immediately tendered and accepted by
the Members for their use during the rest of the Session.
A letter from our Consul at Tripoli, dated Decem-
ber 7th, states, that letters and journals had been re-
ceived from Major LAIN% dated from Gadamas, in
November, stating that he calculated on being at Tim-
buctoo about the 10th December.

It is proposed to erect a breakwater in the Delaware
Bay. During the last twenty-three months, fitty-one
wrecks, or partial wrecks, have occurred in the Dela-
ware.within a few miles of the point where it is proposed
to erect a breakwater; and it as said the United States
have, within a few years, lost in the diminution of
duties alone, a sum that would have been sufficient to
build it.—Savannah •
The house of a decent-fsrmer, named Michael Car-
roll, at Bridgetown, county of Clare, was entered on
Thursday night, by a number of persons armed with
pitchforks and sticks, who viole. tly assaulted and
wounded Michael. Carroll and.his wife, and &a ft); suc-
ceeded in taking of by force their daughter Margaiet.

• .0 .

"""'"
