LOU TW AMAR/Cer,

CP.RI it UIF.NA, ITNISE*4
The inivcrunt Pie.::!.talAtiGa bat been
:

PROCLAMATION, TO Till?: IN!! %Atli %:.1 Pr. ,vi -*au of
CONFaL E:4 Tl' .74 4).;I 21; ottaNaos.
Granadians, for your z7:lory, but I. the coalus'ion
and shame r: your (mealier. as welt AS for the admi;
ration of the wink:, the Goverir,r of C trthavena has
considered, it at tue wteatest import.ince to lay b-lorat
pot a plain detail t.l the twroic var.:ar, the y,:-..tr.tts
sacrit;cer, artd invincible constancy, vrth whico the
inhabitants of this seciiiin Lave rivalied each other 111
t Fist dei.n.ce a.;;:tia.t the incasiodetrat
ni.h army under the eon-a:putt rf C...nera! M wok).
The towns a:id villages c s Santa Tut.wac
ternera, l'ruaria, and :',ante Ana, have been burnt
down by the ittotaitwats iesallit!ons if their itth
tants. I)Dti Antanio Vliantiera, lo:itating ii:e c.at.
ditct of a great lit:L.:l:lace en the Api.;r.o.:cli t.(
antApitite Most..W. t%itli ,
velnblz estates situate in C .co tholes,
in rn :IA- that the Span:Ards en r, ‘,.. t'.- ;he; ein.
All the in!:abitaiiis r.r th:i city
up t:..:ir plate and jee:e!: tc the thience
of Cle country.
•rn, f fir the
:it!: attitci.i of t!.e aid r.recipi-
ia:egy rette.o The tuw:. f
werilla pa: tits, sahich harass and do consid.:t ....bit, in.
j:ti :o the e:emy. Those of sod Si..
iedai, in one day, presented tn C.l.,re:in.7 Z(tU
Innen, war, were iminedia:viy ertre:!. ',Mos? of ILA
ratioat and tlsiapa have ;.11'capa!sle of bear.
rn inz.ars, as.'aceriti.,lnen.s Those et S
banas are pttreared and til:e.l v.oth
the Inspector-General el the WinJw..ist
There, as w..li as i t the mountars, a t.si,”ctall!e
I force i: I:rtning with aztivitr, the the
letiv'tty's army may efl p•.;int 13.. secure.
nese heruic acts ;:ay..! already F.11.d inentlcrf.
with terror, and cannot fail to usete a.ltnit.tt:(;:t
the breasts cf civil one seiisiY.e of the p:ize for
wit:ch we are conten.!ing. We 1,4.1 rvht: met ek-
striletioa under every s:1.11e, than :•47,,tir be au...1.:c.v./
t., rerdivand.

' .13s G qernorent hxs nor, r., bstween
Je struction and liberty, land ail tlic.towns of ifir Arne.
icrin liidependoce have bwom the same. 1; fsink.
don we will rather hurl t'.!o4e tole. now itek to
enslave us. Those Ir:tine Clii:ls who aim at,desptil-
ing us of our native land, and who come Ilona di,.
tan: shores to subject to a horria slavery, 47 their
nwn fall shall expiate the injurtice of their entervize.
They shall meet witli•the;r merited reward, not only
trim our h Inds, but also Ircm cer climate, so fatal
to Chase not born ;alder it.

From thorn we have nothinr; tc eruct but desola-
tion, death, ;•ild ignominy. l'iherever the; tread the
Ametic in will, w find nothing bet re:;berie::,
arL.:ssinations, and an kinds of outrages. Ge.
neral gorillo, whom we knew hero in l!Ol ai a Ser.
jeant of &I.:tines in the Sabina frigate, comminder;
by Ciptain Giitoo, now appears on our .hones in:
vested with the whole authority of F,Tain.:na VII.
t.) rivet the chants of all Columbia, *e;ereise therein
the in ist cruel despotism, to buy its inhabitants i 4
etert;al ignorance and misery, to weigh them down
with all kinds of evils, and to renew in every section
the !tor:Pilo scenes of injustice acid cruelty iitit whic:c
from the discovery and usuipation of this conn:ty the
throne Or Spain has been stained', to the disgrace of
both humanity and religion.
These our eterh.il enemies, already sensible their
weakness, when opposed to the invincible defenders
of A'lerican liberty, endeavour to circulatt, in Ja-
maica and the other islands the grossest falsehbo'ds,
fabricated in Morillo's head-Oarters. ich among
others are—that the Castles of Poca Chic.: and LA
Popa had surrendered, and that he. was under a good
understanding with the greatest parr. of
tants bl C4rthitgula.
Ban:faced impost7res„: They art not ignoi-mit :hat
the'Said fortresses are gait isonod and cemmandeil by
troops and chiefs, reprblicans from principle; •::ati
already used to war. They well know that the Cdr tle
of La 'rein is lefended by the famous Venectelati,
Bermiiilvz, who Lo often routed the Spaniardi en his
native plains, and that his watlike countrymen 'how
with ltim seek no greater glory than to come in con-
tact with the troops of Morino, and aspire to- no
greater glory than to save the country and sustain
their independence. .Finally they cannot doubt tna;
fidelity, valour, and patriotism, form the character
of every inhabitant of Carthagena, and that they -will
sooner bury themselves under the ruins of their city,
than again receive laws from Spaniards.
(Signed) MARIANO MONTILLA.
. • COVlSlandet la Chili.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1815.

SENTENCE AND EXECUTION
OF MARSHA L NEY.

FRENCH PAPERS.

ol
