MANISTSTO i
OF NS COITIIII GINERAL AND lITRADIMIVART TO Till
SPANISH NATION.

Seanuans--If the Cortes Extraordinary, assem-
bled by your free and deliberate choice, and which
has been installed solemnly in the Royal Isle of Leon,
has not before this day regularly addressed you, it
was from the conviction it felt that its character and
objects should manifest themselves to you by its pro-
vident, just, and necessary decrees and regulations,
rather than hy studied professions and declarations.
To act and not to profess was its sacred duty, ap.
plying itself with undivided heart and hand to the
regeneration and well-being of the State. The
Congress, declaring and acknowledging the Sove-
reignty of the nation, solemnly swearing ia the name
of all the people to preserve the same for Ferdinand
VII. King of Spim and the Indies ; sanctioning the
constitutional division of the three estates—abolishing
arbitrary and unjust rule.-re-establishing the free-
dom of thought in its original purity—restoring to
the chicon one of the most sacred rights of political
liberty, that of e free press—forming a new Govern-
ment on a compact and vigorous system—and endea-
vouring to strengthen the edifice of the state by con•
stitutional laws, which they are engaged in framing. 1
" In these urgent and laudable occupations the
Cortes were diligently engaged, when a novel and
most extraordinary rumour, vague and hardly credi-
ted in its commencement, but soon, perhaps through
the machinations of the common enemy, obtaining
ettensive credit, resounded in all parts of Spain, as
well as in many other quarters, and imperiously call-
ed for the most serious attention on the part of the ,1
s.
National Congres
" eßware, 0 Spaniards I that the Tyrant of Eu-
rope, panting to subjugate us, now adds treachery 1.
and artifice to the unheard-of violence by which he '
has goaded you into this defensive war ; and consi.
dering the ardent force of your love and loyalty for I
your adored Sovereign, he endeavours to contravene
these sentiments, by Insidiously pretending to make
restitution to the outraged Spaniards, and to compas-
sionate the state to which he has reduced them.
" But think not, Spaniards, that tyrants ever are
beneficent without some insidious motive ! Ferdi-
nand may be sent to Spain, but he will be surrounded
by armed Frenchmen, and by Spaniards who suffer
themselves to be seduced by the artifices, or intimi-
dated by the menaces of Bonaparte. He would
come as one of the family of this monster, either by
means of an union with a foreign Princess, or as an
adopted son of Napoleon ; he would come to admi-
nister to the will of his execrable protector, by en-
aieavouring to obtain a peace of his dictation, or in
other words, to effectuate the ruin and subjugation
of the Peninsula.
o Such is the substance of these rumours ; consi-
derations in which are at once compromised the ho-
nour and decorum of your King—the independence
and sovereignty of the nation—and the dignity and
salvation of the monarchy. The extravagant request
of adoption, which is already said to have been made
in the name of Ferdinand, and which is inserted in
those public papers in the pay of Bonaparte, leaves ,
to room to doubt of the design of the usurper to de.;
grade and vilify their lawful Sovereign in the eyes of
Spaniards, for the purpose of forwarding his iniqui.
tons designs. Thus you see the moment is arrived,
or perhaps is not far distant, when the nation may be
placed in a situation as perilous and complicated as
that which gave birth to its heroic insurrection, and
in which it would have to display a similar grandeur
and nobleness of character.
" The Cortes, in considering this most important
subject, are fully aware of the grand character of the
people whom they represent—of the worthy and noble'
example which they held forth to the rest. of Europe,
and of the splendid hopes, opposed to the gloomy
horrors which are involved in this terrible contest.
They feel that Spaniards must be aware that the
war into which the outrageous tyranny of the Gallic
despot has goaded them, must be carried on without
compromise or relation, and with accelerated force !
" What can be the object of such a species of con-
ciliation ? It will not, Spaniards, be for that of your
happiness and repose, or to make reparation for these
various insults and accumulated injuries inflicted up-
on you I—No, the souls of tyrants are never actuated
by the impulses of virtue—Napoleon is instinctively
malignant. This has been terribly exemplified with
respect to us, already—He again seeks to enslave us,
to render us the unhappy influence of his insatiable
ambition I Your admirable patriotism, courage and
constancy, have hitherto disconcerted his iniquitous
projects. Spain has successfully resisted him to whose'
triumphal car all the Kings of Europe succumb !
The subtle Tyrant has self-censulted a project for
sabjugating Spain ; he feels the ruling virtue of ge-
nuine Spaniards is that of loyalty to their Sovereigns.
He beholds the unpractised Ferdinand in •his power:
he conceives the expedient of sending him to Spain in
the insidious character of an adopted son ; but in ef-
fect as a degraded instrument. He knows his influ-
ence, and hopes to bring about a tranquil submission
by his means. He sees that America already ac-'
knowledges his sway. But should this illustrious and
devoted Missionary be unsuccessful, he sees at least ;
that the Spaniards will be divided, and the seeds sown
of dissention and distrust ; and thinks that the wa-
vering and unprincipled among us will excuse their
desertion, under the pretext of adhering to the for-
tunes of Ferdinand.
" But, Spaniards, all these insidious machinations
will vanish, like the mists before the sun of your reel
titude and true interests. Let us continue loyal onl
Ferdinand. What nation has ever given such proorwl
of loyalty to its Sovereign ? [Here a variety of signal
instances are cited.] But suppose Bonaparte should
prevail on the captive Prince to enter Spain ; will he
be the same, the adored Monarch of our choice ? No,
Ferdinand Napoleon can never be Ferdinand de Bour-
bon. No ! he would be the servile instrument of the
Corsican Attila, encircled by atrocious Gauls and
degraded Spaniards, instead of free aid generous
subjects ! His identity would no longer exist. You
ould never become the deceived victims of suck an
illusion, and the Crown which the tyrant would ap-
parently restore, would form a new emblem of mock-
- and insult ! .

ery and inst._
" Political independence, and social felicity v..
our objects when, at Aranjuez, we tried to seat on
the Spanish Throne, a Prince idolized by us for his
amiable and benevolent disposition. Such are still the
objects of the Spaoirill People, for wilsb they have

.


already Sustained a tirs• feats' atagutaaly warfate.
and have latterly coricssiod -thoreitraordinary Cortes
of the Spanish Monarchy. To de&nd the Country
against iti actual enrolls% ar.d to secure its future in-
dependence, is the universal wish of the people, and
the sworn duty of their Representatives—they wish
for a monarchical constitution, but one free and equit-
able, as now contemplated by those Representatives !
" Napoleon is deceived as to our real objects.—
Spaniards combat not for vain glory, or for undefin-
ed or unjust objects—our political independence, do-
mestic tranquillity and freedom, and the integrity of
Lour territories, are our real and only objects.
I 66 Let us announce to all Europe, that Spaniards
Contemplate, with astonishment and admiration, the
spirited and generous exertions of our Allies ! Let
us express our gratitude to our brethren in America,
who have with such enthusiastic loyalty asserted the
cause of the Mother Country, and present such a
striking contrast to the vile assassins of the crafty
tyrant. Let us evince to the world that the immense
power of our common enemy will not avail against
the impregnable barrier of your heroic virtue, though
I he should take advantage of the helpless situation of a
young and unpractised Prince, and convert him perso-
trolly into the blind instrument of his atrocious projects.
The Cortes, the legitimate interpreters of your
wills in this terrible crisis, swear solemnly, in your
name, before the Supreme Being, in presence of all
the nations of the earth, and of the august and benefi-
cent Ally in particular, not to lay down their arms,
nor afford the enemy a moment of repose, nor to en-
ter into any concert or agreement with him, until he
shall have previously evacuated the territories of
Spain and those of our neighbouring and illustrious
Ally, Portugal ! Unite with us in this solemn oaths
all you respectable clergy who wish to maintain the
cause of our altars and our holy religion ; all you
ennobled Spaniards, if you pretend in imitation of
I your illustrious ancestors to defend the throne and the
country ; and all you industrious and commercial
-citizens, and proprietors of every description, repine
not at any sacrifices you may make for objects so justly
dear to you ; recollect and consider the barbarous and
profane atrocities of your relentless enemy. If any
amongst you prefer wearing the mark of inglorious
slavery in your unmanly foreheads, let him fly the
land of heroic freedom, and on him be the indignant
curses of the Nation.
" Given at the Royal lie of Lose, the Bth January, 1811.
(Signed) 64 MANSE CANED°, President.
66 JOSE MARTINEZ,' Dep. Secretaries."
44 JOSS AZNASEZ,

.NIYEIt 1L4714.

LITTER /EOM THE GOVERNOR OF MONTE VIDEO TO
ADMIRAL DE COURCY.
46 Most Excellent Seignor—After felicitating your
Excellency upon your arrival upon these coasts; I am
anxious to do myself the honour of sending to your
Excellency herewith, copies of the two official letters
which I had previously addressed to you.
i 44 That of the earliest date was intended, by a
'simple and ingenuous statement, such as belongs to a
Soldier who knows neither disguise nor passion, to ap-
prise your Excellency, at the moment of your arrival
lin these countries, of the lamentable situation of
'affairs at Buenos Ayres, in consequence of the absurd
prbject of a small number of criminals, who havej
seized the reins of Government, with the intention of
making themselves independent of the mother coun-
try. From the said letter your Excellency will per-
ceive, not only that Monte Video, which acknowledges
the National Government, should separate itself froal
a party, who, under the sacred name of their Sove-j
reign, conspire against the ends of that union which
both your nation and mine have proposed to them-
selves ; but you will also perceive the determination
with whick I am come, as the provisional chief in
this country, to discharge all the just duties for which
I am responsible, and which my patriotism requires
of me, by imposing all the restrictions which my situ-
ation allows me to exercise upon the rebel flag, and
also by applying to your Excellency to co-operate
with your influence in sustaining my determination,
by compelling the English merchant vessels entirely
to withdraw from the harbour of Buenos Ayres, to
prevent that encouragement and those excesses which
would render my measures
44 The letter of the latest day, is the answer to that
which your Excellency was pleased to direct to me
from Maldonado a, and I entertain no doubt that the
plain reasons by which I have pointed out to your
Excellency, that the differences between the two Go-
vernments are not differences between Spaniard and
Spaniard, but originate in that just indignation with
which a man of honour should regard delinquents,
will induce you to protect the cause which I defend,
as being the cause of my country—that unfortunate
country which generous England is at this moment
protecting at the expence of her blood.
44 In both official letters, the grounds en which I
feel myself authorised to claim the interposition of
your justice are sufficiently stated. Being intimately
persuaded that persons of your Excellency's rank,
from their sense of the principles of equity, cannot
decide in favour of any other cause than that which I
support, I deem it improper to trouble your attention
with additional proofs, which are as numerous as the
heinous offences of Buenos
I have only time to your Excellesenthat
I am told there has been admitted on board the Eng-
lish schooner, a 'member of the seditious Junta of
Buenos Ayres, commissioned by them to prejudice I
the mind of your Excellency. Should this be true, I
have nothing to fear from his representation ; but I
have to complain that on board-the said vessel an act
of hostility has been agreed upon against this place
and. Government ; whilst nobody can bek ignorant,
that its conduct has corresponded more than that of
Buenos Ayres with the sentiments of the nation
46 Upon this ground I should be authorited to de-
mand of your. Excellency to deliver up to ette the said
member of the Junta, as a criminal and traitor ; but
I shall be satisfied with your Excellency's giving him
a hearing in order that, weighing in the balance of
your equity my arguments and those of the delin-
quent Emissary, you may perceive that Monte Video
and its Government act with that zeal which springs
from the attachment they owe to their King and
country. May GOD, &c. (Signed)
44 GASPAR VIGODITZ.
" Monte Vide*, October SO, 1510."
• A letter from the Admiral of the Wk of Ostelkegamsesteclog
ids arrival to the Government, widt the 400 eiviewadag, sad
twinkle' the mei* Ode blockade.

the


FROM SATURDAY' NIGHT'S GAZETTE.
CROWN-OFFICE, FEBRUARY O.
11111d1BIL RETURNED TO !RATS IN THIS PRISENT
• PARLIAMENT.
County of Gloucester.
Sir Berkeley 'William Guise, Barymet, is the room of Lord Vis-
count Dursley, now Earl of Berkeley.
DOWNING-STREET, FEB. 6.
A dispatch, of which tbe,following is as extract, has been receiv-
ed at the 011ce.of sae Esti of Liverpool, addressed to his
Lordsh p by Lieutenant-General Viseouut Well .1 I
Cartaxo, Xeds of hull:l.y, 1611.

Since the enemy obtained possession of the bridge
over the Guadiana at Merida, the accounts of their
progress have been so various and contradictory, that
I am not enabled to form an opinion of their designs
or numbers.
When General Mendizabel retired across the Gua-
diana, he threw a small corps of about three thou-
sand infantry into Olivenza, which place was but ill
supplied with provisions and stores. A body of in-
fantry, which at times have been stated to be four
thousand, and at others seven thousand, with about
one thousand five hundred cavalry, have blockaded
Olivenza.
There has been no alteration in the position of the
enemy's troops in front of this army.
I imagine that General Claparede has not receiv-
ed the orders from General Drouet to take up his
position upon Guarda, of which I reported to your
Lordihip in my last dispatch, that we had intercepted
the duplicate.
He attacked General Silveira with the advanced
guard of his division near Trancoso, at the Ponte
d'Albade, on the 30th ult. and obliged him to retire
with some loss. Lieutenant-Colonel M'Bean, of the
24th regiment, was wounded in this affair.
General Claperede attacked General Silveira again
with the advanced guard of his division, at Villa du
Ponte, on the 11th instant, and obliged him to retire,
but without material loss, excepting that of Major
Cooksey,of the24th Portuguese regiment; who was un-
fortunately killed, and the officer commanding the
Ist brigade of Portuguese militia wounded.
General Bacellar who commands in the North has
moved the divisions commanded by General Miller,
and Colonel Wilson upon the flank and -rear of the
enemy, which it is expected will check this move-
ment, and oblige him to fall back again towards the
frontier. A part of Claparede's division was still at
Pinhell.

DOWNING-STREET, FEB. 9. •
A dispatch, of which the following Is a copy, has been this day
received at the Earl of Liverpool's Office, addreued to his
Lordship by Lieutenant-General Viscount Wellington, dated
Caruso, 26th January, 1811.

. . _
MY Loin—The enemy has continued the block-
ade of Olivenza, and obtained possession of that place
either on the 22d or 23d inst. Notwithstanding the
positive assertions that a large body had crossed the
bridge of Merida on the 9th, it does not appear that
the French have yet had any large body on the right
of the Guadiana. They have a train of siz 24-poun-
ders, and other ordnance of large calibre, and a large
quantity of stores and carriages, on the left of the
Guadiana ; but it is not yet considered decided that
they propose to attack Ba joz.
lam concerned to ha report to your Lordship,
that the Mqrquis de la Ana died in this town on
the:Ord instant, after a short illuiss. His talents, his
virties, and his iiatlicAitit;'*re well known to his
Majesty's Government:.'lii' Sins the Spanish army
have lost their brightest ornament; their country their
most upright patriot ; and the world their most stre-
nuous and zealous defender of the cause in which we
are engaged; and I shallialways acknowledge with
gratitude the assistance which I received from him, as
well by his operations as by his counsel, since he bad
been joined with this army.

Upon receiving accounts of the movements of the
French troops in Estremadura, of the difficulties
experienced in the relief of Olivenza, and of the pos-
sibility that Badajoz might be attacked, he ordered
the Spanish troops which had been joined to us, to
march towards the frontier, and they commenced
their march on the 20th instant.
General Menditabel has since ordered them to halt
on the road.

Since I addressed your Lordship on _ 1 inst.
I have received the detailed accounts of General Sil-
veira's affairs with the enemy in Upper Beira. In the
affair at the Ponte d'Albade on the 30th December,.
which was the most serious, and in which the greatest
loss was sustained, the General attacked the French
and was repulsed.
In the last, affair of the 11th instant, the French
attacked General Silveira at Ville du Pont. and he
was obliged to retire upon Lamego. He was fol-
lowed by the French division, and was obliged to
evacuate Lamego, and to retire across the Douro on
the 13th instant.
General Bacellar then took up a position on the
Pavia, on the enemy's left sank, while Colonel Wil-
-1 son was upon their rear at Castro Dairo, and General
•
Silveira prevented them from crossing the Douro.
These positions appear to have induced General
Claparede to retire again, as I have heard, from an-
other channel, of his arrival at Trancoso.
The enemy have made no material alteration in
their position in front of this army since I last ad-
dressed your Lordship. They appear still to enter-
tain a great jealousy of all our movements on the left
of the Tagus, and they have recently removed some
of the boats which vere in the Zezerp. They de-
tached a body of two thousand men from the rear of
their army into Lower Beira, on the 22d inst. appa-
rently to escort a courier towards the frontier.
They drove our picquets through the town of Rio
Mayor on the 19th instant, with a strong body of
cavalry and infantry ; but retired again immediately.
llt is reported. that General Junot was wounded on
11tis occasion.
. Our light detachments, under the Hotiontable Cap-
tain Cocks of the 16th Light Dragoons, and ethers,
still continue their operations with success, and send
in many prisoners.
My last accounts from Cadiz are of the.lstli inst.
I have the honour to be,. Ste. (Signed)
WILLINGTON.

9th

ADMIRALTY OFFICE, FIB. 9.
Copy of a Letter flints Captain Rogers, of his Majesty's Ship the
Kent, addressed to Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, Bart. Com-
mander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships an Vessels in the Me-
iliterranzap, and transmitted by the Admiral to John Wilson
Crokar, Esq. 2
Kent, off Palarnos, Dec. Id.
Sze.-.Just as shad closed my .letter to you of the
