of taxation. week!, probably, however, lead to blows I but
the contest would not be long, with all the might and the
richt on one side, and a house of self. w illed nervous peen ow
the other. The wisdom of our ancestors leniently** theft
of admiration. We may refer to it for example two hundred
years ago, in the noble sacrifices which wesemmle of meow
and personal liberty for the resistance of smowtheehled taw
lion. whence the spirit of martyrdom wwamicratea. and
out of it the spirit of liberty universally The rela-
tions of hostility are altered. Our diwatlees.farefaihees had
to cope with the usurpations of the noon; we have to deal
with the usurpations of Parliament. When straggling
against the Stuart tyranny, the ay was against •• bi-
shops and retina-hearted lords." The quaint has sot
yet ended. It is not manifestly the dispodticm of the
Peers to resist all measures having fog object theprometion
of justice, and the rights or benefit of the people ? • Is rot
every wise and benevolent project certain to be thinned and
defeated in the House of Lords ? The principle of asilthaale
is consecratedein the Irresponsible Chamber. Its osombors
an melt who, in their proud isolations, are ignorant of the
state and temper of the world, and Oared up with' sow-
arming confidencein their own influence and powers. Shedd
they he rash enough to throw out the Reform Bill, eso.lne'
scant they learn their true position by the awful cons
they will take fright and retract; but by that time nib.
chief will be done, and then a claim. beyond any now made
en their justice, must be .et up. The people wal demand
that the men who, by by their wicked obstinacy have die.
orclered society, shall pay largely for the damage. If men
are temrird by the powers of large fortunes to throw their
country into commotion, those large fortunes should be
looked to fur such compensation as they can render for the
mischief. Nothing but fear will act upon these infatuated
persor.s, and for fear they should be made to have selfish
reason. Their fortunes make them least sensible of public
disorders, and their fortunes should be answerable for the
vicious obstinacy by which such disorders may be caused.
Our own persuasion is, that the reform bill will either be
thrown out,or thrown down to the commonsamilated In every
good feature, the franchise raised, and places struck out of
the Schedules A and B. The Ministers will probably be
inclined to accept it in this state, but the people will not.
When the alarm is taken. It is not impossible that
mingham, Leeds, Marchester, rte. may be diapered to come
up to Westminster, to reason with the Lards; but we think
that the adoption of a national declaration, respectfully ad-
dressed to the Crown and House of Commons, throughout
Vie country, would be preferable to any movement which
would place the Government in a difficult position. Such a
declaration should be of three pithy parts: Ist. Statement
or chief grievances ; 2d. Hopelessness of remedy, by reason
of the obstinacy of the House of Peers; 3d. Resolution.,
Political Unions should instantly be everywhere esta-1
hlished, and their delegates should confer as to the terms
of a manifesto, which may be nationally adopted."
COBBErrs REGISTER.—Now for Sir Jemmy, the'
humane softener of the Criminal Code. Sir Jemmy, when
he began the humane work, distinctly stated, that be did
not mean to extend his softening. to that pan of the code
which related to political off aces. Not he, indeed; his
humanity was of tco sublime and refined a sort to *spin
between libellers and destruction: his tender beast yearned
only for pick-pockets, thieves, house-breakers, bone.
stealers robbers, and the like unfortunate fellow.crestares.
Whether he included those guilty of not-to-be-named
offences, I do not recollect; but I know that he particu-
larly disavowed all ince, tion to soften the new treason laws,
the soldier-seducing death laws, and all those offences and
laws relating to those offences classed tinder the names of
sedition, blasphemy, and libelling. Sir Jemmy, rte
do him justice, did cause the laws which autho-
rized the hanging ow a burning of witches and
wizards to be repealed 1 Humane Scotclkman ! and
so, for the future, no poor woman will be burned as a
witch, and no man hanged as a wizard. During the time
that Sir Jemmy has been at work in softening the code, it
has been made transportation for seven years, by the justices
of the peace, for being out poachingin the night ;
magii-
mrates have been authorised by thenew trespass law to com-
mit men to jail and to bodily punishment, for trespass even
so great as the stepping out of a footpath. I: has been made
felony to take an apple offs tree • and he, good Sir Jammy,
hard at work softening the code all the while ; but Ellen-
borough's act has been lassoed, which act, improved by Sir
Jemmy's fast friend, the Marquis of Lansdale% has made
it death barely to strike any matt who causcause a bill of
indictment to be preferred against the party sulking, charg-
ing that party with intent to murder, though the party
stricken has received no wound and no Aurtuthalsoetter • and
on this law it was Mat Judge Vaughan condemned to 'death
and sent to the gallows, Hen. Cook, a ploughman of Michel-
dryer, who struck Bingham Baring in a fray, the said
Bingham Bering being actively engaged at a meeting of
magistrates at Alresford the verj next day, and being, three
days after that, engaged in the renowned adventure at Har-
well, in the apprehending and handcuffing of Mr. and Mrs.
Dente. This law should now be called the Ellenborough-
Lansdown Law ; but, I allow that this law is necessary as
lung as the present system of taxing and of tithing shall
remain. During the time that Sir'Jammy has had his soul
of humanity riveted to the object of stiffening the Criminal
Code, it has been made, in the first place, heavily penal in
the way of fine. In the next place, banishment for life ;in
the next place, it has been made necessary for writers, pub-
lishers, and minters,. to be held in bonds beforehand;
lastly, and only last year, the time of pleading has been
shortened, and the term between conviction and punish.
ment bee been taken away ; and there are now Mr.
Carlisle, sent at once to two years' jail, and ten
years bonds afterwards,' by the Recorder of London ;
and Mr. Taylor, stmt to two years felons' jail,
heavy fine, and bonds that I have forgotten, by the
JIJAiIeCI of the Peace of the county of Surrey 1 These
two fur libel. And there is William Sutton, condemned to
death in Hampshire, and transported for life, he being 18
years of age, and joining with other lads in a sort of half
drunken frolic, for taking four copper pennies from a man
in open day; and there is Robert Mason, condemned to
death and -transported for life for being in a mob who had
pressed him to go with them, and who took 3 shillings from
a parson (which the parson gave them,) he, Robert 3lzson,
never having touched or seen the money ; but, and to this
I always return, there is Harty Cook, lying its the church-
yard at Mitcheldeter, with neck stretched for having struck
Bingham Baring, who came to interrupt a mob of which
Cook made a part; for having struck him without doing
him bodily .Wm of any description ; there is the
whole group, Sir Jemmy ? Look at them, pining out their
lives in jails, sent into slavery for life, or rotting in
their graves. snatched oat of life at the age of nineteen :
look at them, Sir Jemmy ; look at all the slaves that are
now toiling in Botany Bay, in virtue of sentences of joss
noes of the peace. for being in pursuit of wild animals ;
look at the hundreds and thousands of husbandless wives
and fatherless children who have been made such by the
criminal cola, which code has actually been made ; been
enacted in the assembly to which you belong; been enacted
by your consnet t while you have been pouring out your
tender reel in the soft accents of humanity, and have been
cubing. upon congenial hearts to come to your aid with
petitions fur softening the criminal code; but still I say,
that all this is necessary is long as one hundred and thir-
teen prittransissellors shall receive as much public money

in a year as is paid hr the aggregate poor.iates of nine
of the counties of England.
TI 111 ES.—We, ott this week, thought it our duty to
sound an slam we told our countrymen that THE Dim.
was in danger. and.that the danger arose from a strong con-
viction among the Peers that the nation had ceased to feel
any interest in the cause of reform. We knew how unfounded
was dm suppdsiticn ; hut we did not presume to put for-
ward our own mere assertion instead of argument—we called
for or idemeaorawe appealed to the universal people to come
forwent...ad refute the falsehood. Promptly and energy.
firefly, hive they answered our appeal. Every hour acquaints
us with the summoning or meeting of some huportanti
body for the purpose at urging that reform, which
all but boroughmangets consider as the only chance of na-
tams* salvation. We cannot incorporate in this short
article a twentieth part of the appeals for reform pouring in
from every quarter; bat we must find room for the intptes-
sive and powerful appeal of the Bankers and Merchants of
Landon, a body slow to be moved, but whose energy and
determination are worthy of the deliberate reason which
governs their decision. The House of Lords will, we trust,
see and understand the import of the following plain and
straightforward language :•••04 We request that your
Lordship will summon a ;Meeting of the
Bankers, and Traders of the City of London,
the House of Lords in £'tvoor of the Reform Bill—‘
press upon their Lordships the anxious and undimit
solicitude with sehien the Mercantile Classes of London na._
watched the progress of the Bill through the Commons—and
to declaim anew .their heartfelt conviction that the t
lity and happiness of the country in general, and du
of cornsnerciakiss well as of all ether property, t
and fearfully interested in the speedy roiling of
rationatratessur•P Such is the nneldaaluoli
of the appersl..efithe great wormy - body, the
instruments( SNOW% wealth, .
ter. •••
11,11iatt 4/ Aware a- - •
. Adj.. , 04 .• . . • ia.crt

, self from tho debating thtaWona of ignorance ,
'redlo7;o:4llteat" ' thilrfsc
limits ; ha sells . 7 , as his
nerne imptiosilmiltfatindling.-`1 -,
" He was bred bremmailsk-by whims, as nine pen Of
‘,7le iirw buy,_ having WIMP
Wastaffi:s toady thine:U.lllnd sitikhk
metalas4 in Ibis and skate dm.
1' be le*" tirelvelawi bt apt what he use
_-.... a Audio ante tar'eseM years, and, mite
.4 ha b IMO' to ir Matti- " HMV that day to the
-Ant I have maiamieed waif ,by theemat of my
.rod, or the ton Of mind, sod my *OP Wool de
titer the Mlle ' I posseMr
. Detroside mind ' stands bW
_Me was monied
'boo Tery.yonag, sedans a hainketanirmito wbotts be
is giving the best.etdassdna- his Amiteseidall will
He was ittasiy iblealaiiat in you . .id apt. . the
izzat.
New ModbmWs geglogon, .4 aireeher, hao In
di
depaitlnenta beim lulamin4 tit MON a . Nitwit
man brZtHeyo Mr. Denuder des leanly me/Ilion:es
q° un . • Nitund Phdosoldifi Aaillalenty. ad Metals,
Whilst fella ins. MC occupation of Manager 111 a Inallofoo•
way.- Oblong to to.. new arrangenienia in the business be
*part abducted, be Warne a short this lisne s public
teacher, by means of lectures delivered fa the ematry around
Mancbester ; and la this way he is nidisailibitto extend
his sphere or usefulness.
• Without farther comment we will proceed at once
tothe address itself, and show, by an extract from
the opening of it, whet the 'lecturer's objects ire,
is devdloped in his own language : .
*' To Erste the attention Oman to the attainment of nee-
ralexcellenoe, cannot be caraidasid as ha Mt of supermen.
. don; and as knowledge is vehmhbi JAI laglapation es h
tondo to Increase the sum of human, beggiesos, time bud-
-rations most be imperfeet in whlc ae is _mode
fur thesommunisatlea of metal Mr iiJ knowledge.--
Is is, howover, a lamemahie feet, thei *le pit of hdeolitiod ,
not only OCCepies Individual attention she keg bat is also ,
most imperfortly.taught. Man is neither ,kop_wise not
geed ; I**lsdows And goodness art the Midis of educe&
tins i and the ditetuniessf iisractoo Width silk In the a-
ttunes of society, insist @retailed cleilised innstrier; site
not from natural incapacity cm the sue *d, :et inheilent
superiority on the other, but from contra il% eireamstines
in both. Man is the creature of education and Aram.
stances; sod the generatiebnewledgment of ddsidtportant
truth, would do mere for as adamants's( isderidlual
happiness, than can ppoesaiibly be elected by acting en &ap-
position of an oppaefte It ip in the circumstances
by which he la eurretkutlee.-it is in thentitious dilation
of which he is the victim—that originate his misery and
ilf.degradation. If, however, we would judge correctly of the
elects of education and the influence ofcircumstance, we most
ampere the entrams of society; and In order to firm a cot.
ten estimate of the progress of moral culture, we must sea-
rate the results of scientific education from those of moral kn.
proventent. In taking this view of the subject, it will not be
diMadt to discover, that the*ciiilized nations of the present
day we more lideiNed for their vast-superiority to the W-
m.,* of scientific knowledge, than to the Individual extent
of their moral cultivation. However *militia. it may be
to our pride, it is nevertheless true, that our physical know-
ledge is far in advance of our moral attainments. The de.
velopement of human powers in society la est ph steal,
then mental ; and that this condition of OUT MOM NM re.
mains with us is suikingly manifest, though.** attended ..
to in present state of our boasted civilisation. We come
lea the world at a period of time when the raids of the
plist..and the development if present discoveries, confer on
us an incalculable advantage over our Freda:emote; yet we'
stop not to Inquire to, what it is that we owe our lupe*.
rity.-' Daudet with the splendid discoveries of science—
dof the almost imineasureable distance at which we
have left. the men of former ages, in the spoliation of
Inethanies to the purposes of lif•--atill prouder of
the discovery of that Leviathan of *modern times,
the power of steam—and elevated beyond measure
at. the rapid citation of ' wealth whirls has resulted
bat . this union of individual talon and madodal
Wintry, we forget, in our delirium of joy, to ask the ins-
patent question, whet*/ morality, io the most extended
flification of that weed, bee ptogresied -in the ratio of act-
5. acquirement p--whether the great ma of au pegii.
• is made be ter and kaipplet7=-whasisse gamma are
and more. honest ? . To lee past- moiety we their
*Waal*. greater Iblellelle ibis IA she waking demise
history. beam testimony se = this important truth, pail.
Woo is the regliiiitiag dansilisatose of Meal pia
'What is. the eikalawi for isholog ann.
einceoloo of • _
• . dal deem is the
• body of the p
word degradation.
dannot but Lel*y
bet seinnieh r-
isme ...•
Mks
dasetien
ftsit. • in
Widen et
id* shwa.
ilea foethe ,
;and ',kid
'll3.hospes•wilialhaenbilt \
tibestilios,
$t fate,

Ia iiitvirai
*Oh,"

an atildingss
ektiliration, human exists in
litstallous grades of Imerlt4e ltd of Ignaraach tramp
indeed, that of misidte conniWkim bit not a fat that
thousands of her inhabitants -are still shunefolly igranine.
uod unted,..satill to a very conaldwahle talent ttothilised,
degraded, and inhuman P Yes, I repeat it,—repeat it whh
regret, thousands of both sexes exist In this country, whose
claims to the characterof civilised beings are Of the raft
lowest kind ! They are human Machines for dm creation "
•
wealth, whose physical edocatiors in tbs 'treaded of the
hands, des. to mechanical imposes is all ihrals thought
We conclude with Mt extriat, tettdit Itt,9lsCe,
to place the.autbor in a high geigtptsing..ttaphe•
loaopher Anti pb4atbropist tr.')
1, If the working *classes of thfieraintry Would rehab
their children from the political, 44111,11 trMuY they are
thenralves oppressed, they mast aid, by twirl meson in
their power. Me noontime oft character arhicirakan win*:
pared to obt4n • relief. .Truth, honesty, badness, and no-
bitty. mast be the neversfailing examPlos. Proclaim so
the wotkisg dosses, from morn to night-fall, that nylon&
cal dump can irjrmf the studiorafion.ofMe 001441411..Whe
is lAr slave of iincialiatizas: and add this Intssepostirtra. th.
that political melioration is the mulditg •
mast progression. With what consistoncy can t 'Min,
reprobate the bad gosernmene of his country, who practicer
not, good goventment rabome ? Or barbing Mat titbit
reprove his child for immmdity, who is himself an habifiesf
drunkard' TL. vin Ilronkranoss is that which sib
.esPectlalf MOW. du.
country. We atfeetnot=os
lift; yet, whilst exulting
Menu. weer we to instituw
state of savage existence
firmed drunkard, our
In the conviction th
odious than drankemas..
Murder, tottute, treat
virtues, not the crimes,
istence. . Shame. in
mil-tale hue over the •
seance, the offspring
With no good principle
what but the most despotic
cloy of individuals such
the brutal and conf
enough to eontroul
cannibal ? Is he checked by
moral feeling, or restrained
when, daily sittit,g dow
lows, at each repeated
slaughtered .for.,-
of his wife ;and
-Mich consigns them
shall such beings prate
A The liberty they &Sire
stray ; and to awned to irsillfty
is a degradation to bonnet
'log with society in
veining
most reckless—every t
gradation of the man
- the horrid speculate _
foot is the sleplAffilF• •-
std protect, Is .eoniine e
Jags to hs tremblrag'intither lii"

fat atriamorivetsFeet4sion betweensher and brut;
Ilhig mom • sod tmoblier
einanse,p - „ , hes agreed:
OIL "Tile Oilier • • • lacks but
newlip 2%.84a" tha cop ofcaremestiel"le
ono lei hi the ' •s'
_peaty, discus, and
.tengems 44 the* ' bemomity is shocked re the
iiphisellisiseseee
es termaeh metchedaset, whot must be the
stets if heir•Momerphtft tbe realit
Neva the at Ude otiosey ?
vice coolimed to
the dams* chyle t t influence tbe bspritress and pros-
perity et the oath* Wealth. not t•-•m.. ruption,
not *toms co bar hitherto boo the highway to
a stein Mr Assembly, the mink* of wbith
have sought is themselves from the labour of all
for that which they hare spent in the *murder of a bent
of whammed freemen. The conupted voter his
own and his neighbour's labour, and drbdts pro-
dem without shame or remorse r and kiosks sod morality
am outraged through the land, whilst t-& Paid Pardialla
rem& passim spectates. The lambi peruladoe
this country moot regain their domed ptespettp—conieet
taw themselves in the scale of politieil' reams. veil they
ham mind themselves is moral emillorit, and have leented
the habits of prudence and sobriety."

•
PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH
3 .. . -. .
EMPIRE.
• --0161.---
DUBLIN. TIMIS, Saturday.
Yestadoy, a vary numerous and highly respectable meet.
lag was convened 1:y the Lewd Mayor, In consequence of a
telohdtiampiesoMi m MI lankhlp, for the purpose of pc-'
ti deideg the
.Hasse of Looks In favour of the meanie cf
Rigida. width ill Ant he hi submitted to the coosideres
' • of their ,Li illicedy before one o'clock, tie
hour appointed for the meetkw, a great number of per.
sons were assembled in end' about the Royal Exchange,
which tends to prove that inmost satiety still exists amongst
the people regarding the Reform Sill. Ally alter one
o'clock D. C. Lacombe, Req.,' late cm ate for the
City, Aldermen Smith, sad Mr. Welke, K. C. en-
tered the meeting, and were respeuhrely dheared ; the
Lord Mayor followed, end took the Chair sable nubs-
elastic applause, when It was moved by Alderman BMA,
and seconded, that J. D. Mellen, Req. do act as &mum.
The rele)sitiois being then read, Sir Robert Harty mitl
said—Vellow-citisens. I am again moat happy to ,
you on this important oecosies, which I am ems yo-nrii.
treat with that respect which it deeenes, I/ let imam.
silencing or crowding ea en soother. ad lill= think,
maintain that order pod regaimity wirkehalue weight
and Importance to this seectiog. Under- ,
~ ehoosestames,
I place myself seder the pessectioa of Sri , , which, I
vimigive
am sure, there Is nets moo Imp who Mil got ' er4ht
and dignity to, by the obiervimee of those ra., which I
have suggested he the esenienletwe ea. (dims )
The following resolutions were unanimously agreed to
Moved by Alderman Smith; seconded by Bawd Mal-
lias, Req. .
Resolved—That Joseph Denis Mullen, Esq. be requested
to act as Storetary to this meeting.
Moved by D. Chutes Lambe, Req. seconded by Sir
Charles Morgan s
theßesolved—Thu rumour spread abroad, of the public
having abated in their anxiety for the enactment of the se-
form bill, is well known to be an invention of the enemies
of that measure, and is totally unfounded.
Moved by Alderman Smyth; amended by Thomas Fits.
iferannsob_Fans Valley, County Louth :
That That although the public have been die.
I Mans,nd fatigool at the unprecedeated obstruction op.
• 'hi its pelisses by its opponents in the Rouse 91
yet mash dole, bas but increased and confirmed
do moviedis et the smithy of Refsit DU
arroZyritr.7.lfifilieot De Bathe,' Batt. secooded by
Resolved—That this nesting do forthwith Podtion the
House of Lords, praying this inunahle and early con-
sideratieto of the reform. bill, se. used by the Rouse of
Commons, and respectfully ripteeentiro; to their loidehips
the urgency of that ossosemreehrimger of delay, the in-
tense heel whit' dept all classes of his
Modesty II bjecti its_ and the awful reopen-
ability tibial' might az - &appall? dug the .htfe•
boodle! iloyal aid •
Moved by, Mr)** . ; seconded by Willissi
Willais. Req.
Rceo... 1-,.././it ctiatieet'7"naentem'dl • plus kitboat diossa"-";
the In diction* of "Ardent'-
. •
aseedices7t tread' to the people of
these countries, that Einiend the Coe:mons unite
in emendlogirobliflllseety, the Aristocracy elom au the
eorisin if . alitt.._. • • ' • ' .' -
Moved br=ati.oennais, Rat seconded by Alderman
FlOtothis •-.. _
_."; .1 ,• t.s.'i s i .
Monidvol4+lheittid risseiread the Mends of
kali Meetingski pe
' Reform, borterioemi
onwilis sh
ptt. Illtroasbourteliuil to
hle theopopise ef.,
favour of tbie Refilen BEL I ,l's "; - .",
Dtrotaw.Coon-Ruslroban, Sara 111.—There ...
....„4
a large ;apply of Rfinktat-soarixt so-day; obi*.
•so the same terms as last market day; bat • woe And
were in demand, and afiNtleisfilid per befiel. Wheat, red.
' from Als to Sap per l:seri a : white ditto, les to Ws; oats
!Witt° Ilh t ben 'IS iol3s 3d..
i ' CALEDONLIA MERCURY, Slept. 17.
TUX CA)101ATIOIWe WO now ilitCoolltl of the eels::
beatkln et this event, from" Maidenkirk to John o'Cirediter
--and from every piece between the two seas which
OAT native country IPA the-east and west : and from •
apron that the Cf!r°ll6°F 1:1111 was one of fieltentskialetl
log hi every city, town, lilige, hasnle:: and about ere;
fann-stilling over." a' WiNfeetiard.
BALL AT couptic.—Thp heppg MIAs of the corendes
of their Majesties Usts been no white celebrated with mom
loyalty end deight than I. the tioartty of Sutherland. 'Tlia
arriv of *e Marehiopess of Stalbrd at DetrebilWasile,t
and the &comas:lees under WRchsliemide her toot thopodt
her entriteired pawky (enlarged es it has been by meet* eV'
quisitlons), diffusing hie :yams among the people wheleur
the went, by bcr entitle' s and unwearied desire to promote
their maniott.iiilbriled inexpiminele Oeuvre to tiery hull-
Widual in the county. like Ladish*, atioiou to testily and
mirk h* own IMMO and theta M het-faintly to the tenantry,
les cards4lstahattleo, ferto..hall .at -GAO* an the lith
• "t, hi celelwation of dia ectronatioo. , •
z : Imiart/nilloiliOltetiont management the habour is
-receiving the 11/9111111 Wilda Rem witatatovealsinysibeen its
*num &La, the mud. grad, Tibet* We itm, red
gmasielkt .in;•the Ummicilan of Chi lief Ana other
; a pat many rocks have been dig of •thicaurn,chi
the opposite sicle. erne of th sog/ip.anel
'as to tirlysirel `she itifetaitat 'di - the
thek rrni` I,oe/Nals 4alled•MAnCOismiet•iii tite..
isieskwat . f present the operations are gointta chisel.
M MR. piarywhow veiny, teas thitlre•ibi&dy
brealkwalgrZgareifitt .. T. 111.4 iIS44 in
IT farther' tic ire season Au '
- 1 Illtolliiisi" the -

OLD 84ILBY.
-....40.,...,_.

OLD 'COUNT.
Tbe Coast was wally! so Saturday in Wale of no pub:i:
J'esester. aged 17, and William Th0m;,,,,,
It
4571. 14, wear indicted for picks the pocket of 11r. J.Lai,,
of a silk It appeared that on the
dm penetrate, mal his orillt were looking at 1
nosii-apiseasheit in High-ameet, Islington when a se.
noes raw be psis's= dose behind them. Thompson k.,.
then men to like a handkerchief Assn the prosecutor's eo.t
imb* and hand It to Jeweler ; after which they ran all .3) ,
but were followed and sakes into custody. The prisons,
was found guilty.
It appeared that the peissner Thompson was some years
ago convicted of Moor* Scotland. and sentenced to trie.,.
portation. He was now sentenced to be transported for I;fe.
—Jeweler was sentenced to be transported for 14 years.
Now COURT.
William Jackson, a Chelsea pensioner stood indicted
for steeling from the poem of William Bouchere, on the
7th of September last, asemeigns and omen to the amount
of 1101.—It appeared dist on the day in question the pro-
secutor (being also a pensiouer) went to Mime to recd.,
his pension in company with the prisoner. After receiving
his pension 'they went to get some drink, where the pink.
cuter got a little the worse for liquor, and All asleep. When
he awoke he found the prisoner was gone, and all his money
taken away. The prisoner was found two days after very
drunk, and the pocket.book, with the notes, found on him,
but the gold, in amount 101 was all gone. In leis defence
tahneoroner sold, that they went from one public house to
till the prosecutor was very drunk, when his pocket.
book fell out, and he took it only for safety. He was found
guilty, but was strongly recommended to mercy by the pro-
secutor, en the ground of their having been comrades fur
24 years, and he knew that he had been a brave soldier....
Si: months' imprisonment.

POLICE REPORTS.
HATTON GARDEN.
Excessive Caesar -re • Bor.—Saturday James Neyits
and Edward Goulding, were charged with having adminis-
tered a quandtrof oil of vitriol to Thomas Wood, about
eight years of age, whose life is placed in imminent danger.
It appeared in evidence that the prisoner Goulding is in the
ctuof kir. Carter, jeweller, of William-street, Bruns.
w and was noticed as being a very bad boy. On
Friday afternoon, about four o'clock, he was sent by his
maser to purchase some oil of vitriol, wlech is and in the
trade. On his way through the street he met with the
prisoner Negus, whom he asked to taste it, on which the
latter put his tongue to the cork, and said It was very nice.
The injured boy was standing by, and they told him it was
peppermint-water, and urged him to taste it which he was
doing, when Goulding touched the bottle, toned the vitriol
down his throat, and burnt him dreadfully. The boy ran
hems iersesdag, and was taken to Mr. White' a surgeon,
who rendered every assistance, but the lad has since kept
his bed in a dangerous state. Mr. Lame malted Mr. Carter
whether the prisoner Gadding was aware of the dtstruc-
tive quality of vitriol? Mr. Caner replied in the affirms.
tive. He had been frequently cautioned not to let it touch
his flesh or clothes. Witness had no doubt but the priest's
enticed the unfortunate boy to take the vitriol with a mis.
chievous motive. Mr. White, a surgeon, bad eta-
mined the Injured bay. • He could cot say how much of
the vitriol had entered the stomaeb,4mt hie treonagg and
paste were completely.destroyed. He was dsddedly in a
dangeroas °saki's, and it would be impassible to
what the consequences would be until all the
leek was cleared away. Thy boy could not eat or
,lad was in pelt pals • Duke, the Aker, stated that
wen a wicked, indolent boy, always playing about
the streets. He was only ten years of age, sod Goulding
gio.
~„,„. .114.14.15 ts said it arm a wanton and cruel act,
would remand both the prisoners until the fate of the
!Wised boy is made knbwn. • •
QUEEN-SQUARE.
Saturday.
:Elisabeth Beady, alias Esinphries, alias
Prat*, alas Wallace, and several other aliases, a fins-
worvuoibmg:as,ert of age. was charged
.green, ter former hasband, Richard all, being at
•lims. alive......isnee Fell, of No. 20, Tyree-street
atuder:d, stand that he was present at dile maniag
fi:
Rith'ird with the prisoner about nine year
filailitihintfosd Chunk His brother was still alive
iho pekoes was married in tho nante.of Ellathalt•
. upineter. Wm. Frenchstaid, that ails w few
marled thi prliondei oft the dth of Au-
Fd.
w 14nyton by the mime alliEialittli Hum-
' ' n"lfe understood . berUt the time that
sips lee had leit Ms, inStsid been
with n po•- man. William visay, is polies *Seer
0 stablitilts4littated Mk' lie ijipreheoded tile pre
in bilognsomses Thsiamess tar: used
that
the neaten of both maselogee. Tlut 0.. . if
Hum-
:
,St wine enximarry deittal•othtli df the primmer'' marriages
costkl bit Noe* late Omer, in tepti to the charge,
' adinfttertbi irtit ma t_te _ and said that her husband left
bee%aluldt en Wit% . -rs,thi, and she bad heard nothing
Of lin omits sheet time ago, when abs belied Iswas dead.
Obi tuxterstood sibsequendy, that at the time lee Serried
had!ng. "Tlie jetsetter was
fully committed foe tag
111ARY.144-BONIOE.
Saturday, Soneltiteins; ti Wasiak looking stature, in the
culprit's garb of the New Prima, was brought befell Mr.
Hopkins, on a charge of devoariog two dim% ti)e one 103.
=Wisely after the other, without Paying fit either. On
Friday evening the peissoar.viint kw the 'shot, at Mrs.
Goodyear, victualler, Oeford-street, and called for dinner,
vrbh slitc6 Ise was served; 'but • 'flit he ate it; &clued his
liability to pay. Mr. Irlodeen, the furentan, unwilling to
be drawn from his business, thoujight it better to put up.gui-
etly with the losU mid cyanosed Mandl' with turning the
priests out Has swam bent . prompted him •to UV* he
would not be equally fortunate at another bpuae in a
similar way, and averdingir he steered his course finite.
thinly to Janses.etteet entered des kiaos.of )t& White,
and called for a second diluter, which he greedily de-
votion% and them as befit* announced that hilted no
MOW* . Mr. White gave hint into setady. Brows, in his
deft:bet, saldheWas one of &squad of about 260 wiap had been
diaskubstionlyikat meriting hoin the New prfsbd. He bad
no moos, to get a dinner, apt a friend to glee him one;
and, alittliaugh ft woUldliffurd him great pluseure to get a
Lurie ithnently if bscooM, Yee, as he could trot starve, get
.one he must, honestly or otherwise. Having ,occseded so
well at Mrs. Goodyear's-ooz, only knowing when hp
abpuld !matt with it .illtstertpalfts--be was 1/admitted to
'fellow up his.lock. sod Oa it w is ecepedbahr:* Hr.
W Mee; bat tiat Ilalksekllt. he uttittrtunate creature de.
lii!lriell 4hicdefami :anthills& crab recilkiantht iitliiii Marks
amen ',different to what may bail hips; Iv bold with
1 eldal'indelifebeiC the Stier of 'Mi. 'llaJilas to send him
itsck male 1 privies. a•tisal4 pirteepisliteilisdir fortunate
ktrildm, es thaw he will obtain at, least food audasiser.
'i • , ''.. • ' tatifftwrii=sruter
112501141 TaKairlimetiir Pitorratt.•4betsien, the
adiet who had is-- 1 mato-
tit. ' ;ter.
rat-
bad

bills
11:s
sum_ .
.F.— Mama
—.KM, was diariged under
.thilimatsace/in. Celt,
ltdo

p.kcr.
comccukd,

body of the people nMw rdl I
degradation. As lite• veceking.man, I '
but impliwe that, in 'it Inman*, Thee is
Soso& troth in the lathesiiitaittkii, and thee the
a 'NUM rithaded application. tt,in ,
these, hockey's, ebb die Instumentil. to the MM. '
lea'' et that ignorance ' ditinidadass, to
.in ha Willow an apology f the pair:-
,
otlaijusdolobosepoly, and opercsslon. It fl =te
meat Mame which medics, tisi body, 'm
tribe dibeeminatien et knowledge, to permit:4oml
>Nod 'snobbism to exist to OD degrading an Watt:—
adios am fellable only in prapstdon as the,. lehd to :'
Is dm read *Were t when they caste to do thin. '
Ink in tile pabile eathestion s mid the propose qf Asir, ,
shoo, Mews* dor is sore. Is it mot' a ;aft. 'MO.
s the vow dllVaii an &oh whom psdel btanite
• chaos moral ignorance foot the lad, and to kite bbt,
ding.
ONO do vibe; that even in plows', notwfib.
as ha boasted civilisation, human natant exists in all
~

..sew as unariammass ea Mai wuicsi ma ' -.7.: 1----:-.-77--Tf_.-;Kr-,!-Tann-77;TT." rat- --, ,-f•-•-% -- -, -- „,6-,-- -.- , -7r- %--;---- ,-- , -
4 du, .. :
.akfri„,,,,_ , aimed. talkie. td, son furtherezumatea HA Me MGM AD Wenn= oqicer, who OW been tor some tune etrd about in eNttil
irshr.ana, of the aims hesediga hails° SAM. plockaillim des Illteltitiol • tie pier, Vin the lire ilurglaiffeithlch lead hien 'Conan at the Torrington
t sultan, la tae au a Oar =Mo. advisee !t• the easef modstchlekartliewmdag.. 9)10 INK* llittnip )1041F,04Porbaoo Smunle4,nientioood to Alr.Wat
io institute a men between tho WM* dgi,add nee thin rethliely. ass, that on that morning, I,lr. ltilubell, the landlord, ha
aninsans and that a tha bona and tin.? , la& MOO( half pantheon eche/cos Saturday night, mealvod ls•triyopest taw?' to which' was inclovd air
L, our pride might leech,e a salutary cheek-' en eletnanil ate broke pat to thehery,teareltousepo oelin for Amok is the f.werf Ueda. Consols, and two bill
n that even cannibalism la awed, tweet 15se. W. IPergusioania Co. CtWe ..Int..lllegyll:eireet,
iolfo'gange for NHL a pert ot the property stolen from lil
skennes, . ::. -•:, - : . . •4 ' .I'' 's 0 w, Vet/ eeneitleaublelainge. him bee &owl .1..). wit A •••••••-blv: . 1 .•'
ate, treachery, and &weft. me small the' • I' in
estery was a day, !eio.e g ni.,lhi on, of Hlkeirlis '
_,• . , ~.,,- - .., UN/QIN- HALL. .
crimes, of the lowest stages Of hernia ex, to_..cylh____Taelhe W? 4 "ll'lmlllnd 'Dm w ibo noble ficiiie La 1.7611•11 LI DISCI:OI,2NY 4N • TNIXF . MOW
.. in such a state, his hot net spread its,: eriahrr-e'el4ll.
~., 't 7 !) •-
',1.?: t '-"7. ": ... '' ' . Wright,. Irwellierewsa Yedriefelloar, was chased unir
r the countenance of matt ;ma a good too. ADDINGTON coast Aisles*, *SU— it'heat still Orb
,fitilewiog rathet• **guise theurnmartatio-Stri Celt,
fsprine of Arlon' education,. is "known. amdostesto tell heavily—theyrtees*fte deribly higher
.moo. St 'liiioft-plaii, Beemonilaey, stated, that on nib:
emelt& to &peal to--no la, to eontroul-- thin le" "Y•
bill.t(l2l44oltboill:m':u(iiich IlWiltermiert-16811141ritgand,pticet.."Its 'ltediaabiliabeitiorglir er'ele.eilitliwtelyallindit"46*.wlstneti'datqualtnin4tlyieoliasrlia‘tietrtincag,::,
lost riespotic authority could • govern a so- I ha* a ready taie°ell,
current prates, lesteblibi
las such as these? And what principle has 1 Bee hark? 37s Si : &gloms th nib the c.iling, sod continued to trickle down, so ;h.:
onfitmcd drunkard ? What law is strong i 33:f1,011rtest El urn,. Tswitaroels skiremeut 31(snall tb were obliged to move away. 3lrs. Coleman, sty
nil him ? What i 4 his superiority over the , Itilthl."l4 from 32s to 4.4 • • • Ai alone iw h* the Woe, then snood benc cub the poker
: checked by considerations of humanity 1 .110"1. Alai IN /Milani, edb; tided, Jas: Narley, in hbr sneighbotie taking the candle, they proceeded si
✓ restrained by alsense of right or vamp, Bret,F ne 844.v.,./019,&;_ Ri"..,:
_Plat, 404 Vgle; lack stairs: as the begaiimi 41.0 h, they fo„„a the room de.
t,g down to the feast of his sups, he 'oaf.. (10.,,.. Itia.!,;lnudsF4.,r• P'l' '‘. 21111.elt.iateff, 4) 08,1• rd with a stream .these Mesoded item umiemeath tbi
epeattd draught, sot indeed the body of a, "" rwe""er'?'"' 9'9 `)F l'-'/I 'i `. .-- • 1 • bit; On looking there: ml, Vkinan saw the legs of ,
~.... but the happiness- and well-being I ARRIED...-At , AlamiyonoklagostilAlonro, mall. no wiaish sin lows* leantii thump with tie poke,
rid children, nee. blushes at the deed to Eltribeth, yea ' yenta df the Lag Colonel Arai the prisoner, wilt* turned out+ to be the Man COliCelikji
1 than to wretchedness and want ?-ii IKe *Ake. I' C•
. 7 • - 7.4 r'; 'r''''-'r Airt" •••• roarid 'on t moor hlsfilY.- '3lr a. -Coles.torn inintedi I. :Iles
h beings prate about filarty,and tl al. irk
be they deitlie is the 1 ibigrgy go do.. ' k*lgliVs*rtfilthillik: J..-.'''aeg;ll4l.th , :114! gni oil 71;7. "thPe4tionlPie,dngletwlliniottallisdcusseill'a:PulkTvehe bolinx' e:ltano and ckas v.:•.nr. NI t:':•1
attend to efailfty with -truck Mdtillldalti; • . ' SLAW .411d90t. bishatillatro-sAtleddhilLiON A &en, been opened, and'ieeentl liticlesof . n 3.1.- ~r.i uo,
Itedti ti , .
~.
go Whith DO honest Man will litooti Hebb. , " „lit, bits
.11111 . Nit* 4eik node tioSosobatublisosrody •to be carried off. tot. ntt.r
iil;
in which unreouansed will is illicitly 1•411 k) .-wami
ettt. 001.
CL11111,1154.114 jit trieteiroYelfrjartimallottiexrisiptirrsa, when pi 0, ,
c..
e—io Which he is lama Feenerlekt t‘ill 0 'V ..___ . ...1196. y, eXCepi VI t
..:4.
!VinallierlialtUditilithel•fitikneiginel"ijcirertiaTcegii :i Is. e; le '
.7111111141 , e-4.:_ iif . . '.l
3°9
.I°ll. ,of the late Ilee'.lll**` .104: eletlaftmeatied• way sitim.beete.” Hr oas cot. 1, . 4
'Prelatic of the dolmas seam 1 .elfin' 4 '
liffilOat *ars Milk*? ~. *lib dam ,t 14 NIP ***. . 1.. •lE.F. 4.11.1' • .y. t : .
.. •
• ._.,. , ~ , ,
,ettif ~ '
~,e'
lialkell fro dinati Iflat,. bell
„,, 4 found in the itoilm: awl 11.%.4
is .6onilng
_burne to . ; . eh ' *" . • - ail
, sig. '
. - , -"- - - --- - - , .. ..... _ ..
nbiffigffteir it'll A./!Lt. •
.. Sarb ova' Ilco uor.. To elm* to. • ,• '.. 1. ~ '. enipigkintl by JOllll hietlgEPl".
If 1; Pleketl.plice, ?imp
..' a ovetossile JaisTa.ti a law".
.%tipt., ‘,„„„
.0.4.,,„ Ins bat /latest/Mat evil •,:rtsft gait lcurti
.shol faadhi,,
....
.14Hca
