(ERMANY.

LITRACT Or A LETTER FROM DATED
DECEMBER 27, 1816.
44 The Diet bas Adjourned to the 15th of January,
and several Members have leis Frankfort for the pUr-
pose of procuring ulterior instructions.
" The Minister Montgel.4 has been dangemnsly
ill at Munk!), and Physicians have been sent for from
all parts. His death would produce a total change in
the system of Bavaria. it is said that he is better,
and out of danger.
RtIll;i1 has n,,t dita►urcd, as was hnped, The Turks
are not without apprehension. At Vienna there eirr
ciliate the most disquieting rumours relative to the
movements of troops. A regiment, which was sta-
tioned in the Tyrol, has received orders to proceed
to the frontiers of the &moat r this has male the
palm' me ney fill several degrees. •
.4 Tie Constitution of Prussia is adjourned to an
in.feStiite time. The same may be said with respect
to the Constitution of Austria. The competence of
the Diet relative to the differences between Sove-
reigns and their subjects, is not yet recognized, net
it be vion.
" The King and Queen of Wurtemberg are et-
pectea at Frankfort. AU travellers agree in extolling
the prudence and circumspection of the King in every
act and measure of his government."

FRANCS. •

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIF.S.
urriNu uP THZ 6TH NY JANUARY.

The PRESIDENT called the attention of "the Cham•
ber to the Order of the Day for continuing the tie.
bate of the Law of Elections. The first and second
Articles having been adopted, the Chamber was then
to deliberate on the third. which he should read.—
The Article sets forth, that the political domicile of ,
every Frenchman is in that Department in which he
_dwells. Nevertheless he may remove to any other
Department, where he shall pay direct contributions,
making a declaration to that effect six months pre-
viously, to the Prefect of the Department he is about
to quit; and to the Prefect of that in which he is
about to reside. In this article the Commission made
an amendment, by substituting Lod Tax instead of
Direct Tames, and also added a provision to the fol.,
lowing effect :—Toat the transferring of the domicile
shall not give a man the power to exercise any poli-
tical or civil right, which. during/&K years before,
he could not have exercised in the other Depart-
ment. This exception, holuever. was not to take
place in case of a dissolution of the Chamber, be-
cause then all the Electors of the kingdom would be
called on to vote at once.

M. Jouvar opposed both these Amendments ;
which were supputted by M.M...—RnVIIDEAUandLIZET.
The Amendments were at last adopted, with the
*lteration of four years in the room of five.
Ait. 4, Relative to voting in two Departments,
was adopted without opposition.
An. 5, which is purely of a regulative natdte„
wit adopted in the form drawn up by the Ministry ;
netv form proposed by the Committee was rejected.
The same took place with 'respect to the 6th Ar.,
gide ; the idioistiVial form was adopted.
Art. 7, was to the knowing effect t—u There
shalt be bee one Electoral College is each Depart-
ing*. thi.rJeetors of
the Chamber

Law
Vac-

-inittats I
Ileums by
isdicated
antics

snide,
of tbe
and
Deputies. It
• Cbamber

_ happy compositioo.
tiaras-L*Bam= conceived that s direct
election made by a single. College would be dauge.
'sous under the existing circumstances of the country,
and would be dithcalr of execution. pro
instead of the article, that there should,beio eve*
Arrondissement au Electoral College. composed*,
all *Wasps SO years old, and paying. SOalranet is
dirtier testlflt and that these Colleges should present
611.4Z*Pairlstel, from whom the Deputies should be
Aosta hi the. Department, and that in every Depart,
went there be
an Electoral College, composed of
ma who contributed most in taxes, the number of
members to be proportioned to the population; and
thesii-Colleger should elect the Deputies from dui
Candidates presented to them by tbe'diurict Colleges.
M..PAUSAJUD said;. these amendments would des-
troy the article altogether ; and used many titgusuents
to sbew the good effects of the single degree.
M. Maaceu.us said, his duty and his love to his
King obli him to say, that article 7 was in direct.
cop to the Charter. If the*Members,
=at Rased the proposed law, they
Open the way to • new mists of •
for **country. They would act like that mad
gisgosophor who, wishing to strip the thunder of the
cloud that encompassed it, became the victim of his
rash experiment.
M. ROYSI-COLLARD thought there could wit be a
greater Monstrosity than two degrees of election.—
To choose those who were to choose, was no election
at all. Such a thing could not be conceived in
England in Americo.
When

or •
he bad done speaking, several voices tiled
out Pat the article to the vote."
M. DE BONAS.D opposed the
)4. as Berens way for the singld degree.
It. COUPIT IYINCOUAT was for the rejection of
the snicks.
Several Members called out for the termination of-
the debate. The question was put to the voter ed the
pied** declared that tbe discussion should cuntillelh'
M. BM= defended the system of two degrees.
The Speakers for and against the article merely
repeated or *Mended the arguments already urged,
when the whole of the Project was discussed.
At the close, of the debate. it eras proposed that
the question be pus thee.... 6, -Shall there he aistioas
by one or two suggest
The revisits questionpropOll
#
tiara. It eraeOnt so the vote.. On the first col—

tics it appeared &sinful, and another was made.--. 1
The Bureaux then declared, that the previous ques-
tion was adopted ; but in consequence of the objec-
tions made by the right side, the Chanber prate:dad
to a ballot.
The PRIONDrer told the Deputies, that those who
meant to vote for the previous quesctoo should de-
I posit a white ball—the black balis were to denote the
admission of the article.

A Member—'• There are -persons who think that
they should put the two balls in the same urn 1"
(Lattgbier.)
The following was the result. the number of voters
being 224 :—For the adoption of the previous ques-
tion, 118—Against its adoption, 106—Majority, 12.
The Chamber then declared, that there was no
ground for deliberating on the question.
When the names of the Deputies were called over,
it was observed that ail the Anti-Ministerialists were
present, and that about 12 Ministerialists were absent.
Article 7 was put to the vote and adop%d. The
Ministers have thus completely gained their point.
Previoes to the commencement of the Debate, the
Reporter of the Committee of Petitions was heard :
he gave the analysis-of several Petitions.
An individual requested that the old coin should
resume its former value. The Order of the Day was
adopted. Another Petitioner requested that the Cer-
tificates of Nobility, which had been lost dating the
Revolution, should be re-issued.. The Chamber
passed to the Order of the Day, upon the ground
that the measure in question belonged to thevreroga.
tires of the King. These two were the only Peti-
tions possessing any interest.

PARIS, JANUARY 7.
His Majesty had a family party yesterday to din-1
net, consi.ting of Monsieur (Count d'Artois), the
Duke and Duchess d'Angouleme. the Duke and'
Ducifess de' Berry, the Duchess Dowager of Orleans,
the Duchess of Bourbon, and the Prince de Conde.
His Majesty, though in possession of perfect health,
has not received comp may this evening, according to
his custom.

General Boron de Vincent, the Austrian Minister
Plenipotentiary, had a private audience of the King
yesterday, Itt which he delivered to his Majesty a
letter, notifying the marriage of the Emperor his
master, with the Princess of Bavaria. _ _

Committees of the two Chambers have bad several
conferences on the projet for regulating the mode of
proceeding of the Chamber of Peers, as a Court 'of
Justice.

The King and Queen of Wurteraberg left Frank-
fort on the Ist inst. They were about to pay a visit
to the Grand Duke and Duchess of Hesse, at Darm-
stadt ; they would then proceed to Heidelberg, and
from thence to Stuttgard.
The Princess Frederica Alesandrina of Prussia,
youngest daughter of the King, born 23d February,
1602, is, it is said, to be married to Prince Oscar.
son of the Prince Royal of Sweden, born 4th July,
1799. The King of Prussia's eldest daughter is be-
trothed to the Grand Duke Nicholas of Russia.
Last night, a Commissioner named Ford, aged
60, having retired to bed without estinguishing the
candle, the curtains took. fire. The neighbons,
alarmed by the smoke which issued from the chain-
' her, broke open the door, and found the unfortunate
man half consumed and without any signs of life.
We have already made known the benefit coafer-
md by the King upon the Philandir4i; Society.-1
His &Nasty has new declared himself their chief and
protector. A Prince, who inherits the dignicy and
virtues of Henry the Fourth, the Duke of Berri; has
given 6000 francs to the Society .of which he has
condescended' to be President. An extra gift of
3000 francs has been received from the Duchess of
Berri. The Prince, in addition to these acts of
bounty, bat taken 20 dispensatory tickets, for which
he paid 600 francs.
The Grand Vicars of Strasbourg have sent 14
Deacons, and 16 Sub-Deacons, to Offeriburg, iu
Germany, to native the orders of the Prince Bishop
of Basle, who resides provisionally at Offenbourg.—
His Highness was desirous last year of proceeding to
Strasbourg (or the purpose of ordination, and some
danger being now apprehended from the ice in the
Rhine, the Clergy of pirasbourg bave considered it
-their duty to inform the Prelate of the difficulitei of
the passage.
he French division which set sail in the month of
May last for the East Indies, arrived safe at Port
Louis, in the Isle of France, on the 15th of August
following. Count Dupuy, Peer of trance, formerly
Intendant of all the French Establishments east of
the Cape, and still possessing there the title of Civil
Governor, received, daring Lis sty in the Colony,
the most kind reception. The En.itati Governor
'hewed hinta thousand civilities. inhabitants
came from different canons of the island to see and
compliment him—the jnst recompense of modest
merit, and of an administration of which he bore all
the weight during the nine jean of difficulty. It is
added, that the Expedition quitted Port Louis in the
beginning of Septemberknod set sail for Pondicherry,
the destination of the Governor General..
'The Prevotal Court 9f the Upper Rhine, sitting
at Colmar, condemned: on the 40th Decembtr, a
person named Joseph Wissang, to perpetual hard
libour and infamy. This individual was emplojed
as a workman at the manufactory of Wesserliog.—
About the sth of October last, the master workman
(Mara) proceeded to Urbes with 2300 francs, in
order to make a payment. Upon the high road near
a forest he was nabbed by Wissaog of-his minty._
The depredator Bed, bat was stopped by several per-
sons who heard Mura cry for assistance. In his de-
fence be declared that his mother predicted in his
youth that he would commit a crime, and he pre-
Needed that some demon bad urged him on to
mailimplish the prediction. He has left a wife and
Sid children in the greatest misery.
ALOHIERI, DECEMBER. iT. •

LITTER FROM TILLEY/14ND TO LORD
CASTLEREAGH.
•
' PARIS,.DECEMBER a Ism
Mr, Loan—An article inserted in the Cerrier
of the nth of November, represents me as hold-
ing, et the house of Sir Charles Stuart. in his pre-
sence and at his table, such language as I never held,
and never could hold at the house of the English Am-
bassador. without forgetting two things which it is not
in niy power to forget, and a third which I shall endea-
vour never to forget. The first is the respect which
I owe and which I leel towards the Ling ; the second,
the respect which is due to the public and private
character of Sir Charles Stuart ; and the third, the
respect which I owe to myself.
48 If the anthots of this article had put their names
to it, the antidote would have been found at the side
of the poison. But, on the one hand they have,
by writing anonymously, given to the calumny the
credit which their names would have taken from it ;
on the other hand, they have, like practised slanderers,
coonected their falsehoods with some circumstances
which are true ; and, to increase the delusion, they
have circulated their story at a distance, and in foreign
journals.
44 Such, my Lord, is the cause which makes me
think it proper to put in their true light those facts
which they have disguised ; and to answer, by a pe-
remptory negative, both their assertions and their in-
sinuations, which are equally false. I have also
another motive : it is the value which I set upon the
()Onion of such a man as yourself, and upon the opi-
nion of the people of England.
4' If it had ever occurred to me to speak of the
losses which the Kevolution inflicted on one of the
Ministers of the King, I should not have spoken of
them otherwise than as of a calamity which most of
the members of my family had experienced as well
as him ,• and I should probablylihave added, what I
really think, that this calamity, though irreparable,
is not less grievous to the State itself than to those
individuals who endured it.
14 It is very true, that I was intrusted with that
`commission of which the 'article speaks; it is very
true, this I was proud of it ; it is very true that I
consider it as one of the finest titles which I could be-
queath to my family. But I never made a boastful
parade of it ; I never made the public my confident;
I never displayed it but to a very few persons, and
those Frenchmen, with the exception of M. Pono di-
Borgo. The making this a pretest to insinuate that
I wish to take away from the Allied Sovereigns, and
especially from the French people, the glory which
belongs to them for the share which they respectively
had in the work of the restoration, and to appropriate
this glory to myself, shews doubtless great mischie-
vousness of intention, but at the same time great
Want of address. When it is wished to calumniate
a man, acts of misconduct which are credible ought
alone to be ascribed to him. I take a pride in think-
ing, however, that it will appear credible to nobody,
that I .am capable of a vanity so foolish. With all
their insinuations as to my pretended ambition, they
only betray their own. When I wished for power,
it was fur an object which was attained in 1814 and
1813. Since then, there remained nothing else for
inyself to desire but repose. "l'hat is a benefit which
I think I have merited. Mty these Gentlemen
merit it in their turn I have just enjoyed it for
seven months in the country, whither l shall hasten
to return to enjoy it again.
44 Alter dinner at Sir Chat ;es Stuart's, the greater
part of the persons who were present having gone,
the Ambassador being in a room adjoining the draw-
ing-room, his Lady it: the billiard-roont with the
Lady of the Neapolitan Ambassador, there remained
only six persons who had called for their carriages.
We were waiting for them in a recess by the side of
the dour ; it was there that a conversation took place
which lasted four minutes at the most, and in she
course at which I was naturally led to remark, that
difference of functions produced a similar difference
of rank among the Ministers ; that ere order accor-
ding to which each of them was more or less fit for
te;rming a principal and habitual centre of relations
between the Ministers, collectively taken, and the
Members of the two Chambers, taken individually,
was by no means arbitrary; that it was fixed by their
ifespective functions ; and that, for the sake of utility
.as well as decorum, it was greatly to be wished that
the natural order should never be broken in upon. I
expressed this idea in different ways ; only speaking
of the Ministries, not Ministers ; the name of no one
, was mentioned.
64 This was precisely the whole of my share in a
conversation, which would have been forgotten the
next moment, like so many others, had the tunctioes
which my interlocutor previously filled been as far
from his memory as they were from mine at the mo-
ment when I was speaking. Out of the five persons
who were present with us, there are four who are
sat-
ached to me by the ties of blued and old friendship,
'and whose testimony I will not therefore appeal to.
I appeal to that of Mr. Tierney ; it must be suffi-
cient : his personal character, and his return to Eng-
land, induce Ise to do so. lam certain hr will tes-
tify, that in this conversation of a few muumuus li
said nothing more, and nothing that could bear o 1
.meaning different from what I have now stated. He
will only add, that all this passed in the lone of .the
most ordinal,' conversation, and, at least on my
part, with the indifference of a man who is waiting
for his carriage.
o Such, my Lord, is the truth, which it is of im-
portance to we to communicate to you.
4, Accept, my Lord, the new assurance of my
high Consideration.
(Signed) "The Prince de TALLEYRAND."
The German Papers would have increased the in-
terest of the following curious story, if they had' told
us what was the mind or disposition of a person of
i such perverted organisation :
The remaining Sardinian Slaves in the Regency of " Auuouuau, Dec. 30.—Last month there hap-.
Tunis have arrived, in estate which hasexcited coin- pened here also such a remarkable occurrence as
passion, and increased the hatred of the Barlikrians. that in Paris. A young man, a printer's composer,
Little doubt is entertained as to the future audacity from Saxony, died of an ulceration of the brain, in
of the pirates, is the event of uts, coasts being left no. consequence of a ehymical inflatnmation of that or-
protected.—Death is preferable to slavery. Assist,. gen. On dissection, Dr. Wrrzt.te, physician of this
ante has been afforded in different cities to these city. found all the entrails of the breast and belly,
uefoensease naen. whose houses have been destroyed except the spleen, in a reversed position—the heart
:during their captivity.-.4asterani Bellini was carried on the right, the larger lobe of the lungs on the left
''
off with his wife and children, and detained in side, the liver on the left, the stomach on the right
slavery seveasmin years. He has lest 411 his family, side, &c. The Physicians had drawings made of the
,and soffesed soadscb, that it is predicted= odd will principal organs, and propose to publish an acioupt
soon be pat to his asisfortoses. of this remarkable phoooftedoo."
•

'MO. Imes; be composed of ail tbi.l.Jactoi
the Depadnient; by whoa; Deputies to this Char
are to be *ten."
ft leis on this article that the opposers ot the 1
rested all their arguments, to ended, from the
does all persons except great Leaded Proptiet
they contended for the choice of threes Electos
El#ctors of right, and that a) the Electors iodic
in Art.'l, ihoold not firstly poi m& ii she dm
of rieptidei. • ,
IL VtAusa. as Couasza9uas oPPOsed the ati
sad recommended two kinds of Calle a
Ainaidissement, for presenting the undiden's,
sea M of Departments, for electing the Deputies.
was to the two degrees of Elections that the Cbar
of 1610 was indebted for its happy composition..
