NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

•

-

The East India
.Company's ship Thnmas Glints was Witt.
2. 6. long. 20. 6. W. on the tOth February, all well.
Yesterday the dispatches for adras- and Bengal, try the
ship Coromandel, were closed at the East-India House, and
delivered to the -Master of that ship.
Passengers per Coromandel.—For Madras—Mrs. Boddam,
Misses C. M. and Ft. 13oddam, Lieutenant Morgan, Mr. Bay-
ley, Cadet.—For Bengal—Messrs. Davidson; h:acleod, and
Steuart, assistant-surgeons; hlesars. Duff and. Thrie, free
mariners; Mr. J. S. Clarke; Mrs. Smith and chihken ; Mr.
Hopper, Cadet; Messrs. Wall and Campbell, voluoteers, yilot
service.
The East India Depot is immediately to be removed again to
the Isle of Wight and the regular East India ships will in future
call at Portsmouth for passengers and their final dispatches.—
This alteration takes place in consequence of the inconvenience
and insecurity of the anchorage in the Downs.
The Itinchania, Klein, from Marseilles to Cette, foundered
off Sardinia early last month. Crew saved.
The Peggy and Ann, from St. Übe's to Sligo, has arrived at
Vigo, leaky, and rudder damaged.
The Phcenis, from Caracoa to Marseilles, has arrived at Cag-
liari, with bowsprit damaged.
FALMOIIIII, Aram N.N.W.—Sailed the Lady.
' Arabella packet, with a Mail for Lisbon.
Porrsmourn, Aram 17.—Passed by fer London, the Brissett,
Rows, from Dominica, out forty-two days: she has landed her
passengers here. Sailed the Friends, Hoswis, for London.—
Wind West.

•
The friends arid admirers-of Sir WALTER SCOTT,
of Abbitsfoid, Bart. in 'this town and neighbour-
hood, met here yesterday; to celebrate his accession .
to his new dignity. GEORGE CRAIG, Esq. was in the
Chair. The company, to the number of fifty-, sat
down to a most excellent dinner, in Mr. Scarfs
new Intl, Upon Sir WALTER'S health being drank
with enthusiasm, the following song, composed by
a Gentleman of the company, was sung •in great
style by Mr. A. 1.-ItsLor, to an enraptured audience,
highly delighted that their feelings should have been
embodied in verse on such an interesting occasion.
Under the mighty Minstrel's shac.!e, harmony hal-
lowed the evening's enjoyments.
The Thames, lung of Britain the glory and pride,
Must now yield to Scotland and lovely Tweedside;
For the harp lies unstrung in fair Twickenham's bow*,
And the ruses of Windsor have shed their last !bower !
The Muses, disgusted with bustle ar.d noise,
Have fled to fair Scotland's sweet pastoral joys; •
On the banks of the Yarrow their gambols are seen,
Where Hone leads the dance in the Wake of the Queer 1
But chiefly, 0 Tweed, on thy green grassy vale,
They love thy sweet breezes of health to inhale,
Where the Abbey of Mei; ose raises its head,
And Abbotsford rises the grace of th: Tweed !
All hail then, sweet hlinst:el, the pride of our cliane,
Whose song lifts the soul to fair Virtue sublime !
•
May the Muses, evraptur'd, long lighten this e hours,
• And en the mild ev'nirg of life shed their flowers !
To thee has the power and the blessing been given,
To lighten the Earth with the halo of Heaves !
To burst through the clouds of detnstion that rise,
And shine through the shades of the deepest disguise!
While Tweed shall roll on in her sylvan career,
Thy name shall be hunoar'd, and hallow'd thy bier ;
While the peasant shall point to thy turrets sc fair,
And say the great Minstrel, Sir WALT'S, dwelt there !'

DEAL, MAIL 17.—Wind E.—Came down from the River
and sailed, the David Scott, Waaniscrox, for Madras and Ben-
gal ; the Brilliant, Yoga, for the Cape of Good Hope; Or!
Sylvia, Pint; for Rio Janeiro; the Pursuit, JAMISON, for
Havre; the Arno, Cnow, for Naples; the Hope, Baroas; Bless-
ing, Cuatirsa; arid the IFrinsburg, CLAYISOLN, for Quebec.—
Five e'Clucl—Quite calm.

Hamlett, Arau. I 7.—Wind S. W.—Arrived the Beaufoy
packet, from Cuxhaven, and Prince of Orange ditto, front
land, each with a Mail.
SCARROROVOII, APRIL 16.—The Commerce, Rem, of Sher-
ringhatn, was ran on board of by the Aboyne, of Aberdeen, near
Robin Hood Bay, last night, and has put in here to repair,
having received considerable darnagP.

Livearoor., APRIL 16.—Arrived the Thomas Wilson, How-
LAND, from New Orleans; Edward, Lowny, from Maranham;
Arab, Doasos, from Trieste; Hope, M‘KENZIE, from Terceira;
Charles, SMITH, front Oporto; Picton, MoLtasko, from Cadiz;
Lancaster, BullialAßT, from Philadelphia; Johann}, --, front
Bremen; Wilhelmina, REFCH' from Dantzic ; and Union,
CLARK. from Savannah. The Grand Turk, from Wilmington
for this port, was spoken with on the 7th of April, in lat. 50. 1.
long. 21. 24. out 27/ days. She had spoken the Prince Regent,
from this port for North America, out 27 days, with loss ui fore-
topmast and bowsprit.
ARRIVED.—At Tobago, the John, Buschman ; London, Dun-
can ; Vittoria, Montgomery ; and Jane, Keith, from London.
At Barbadoes, Dorothy Foster, —, from London ; and je-
mima, Batters, from Dublin. At Havre, Jeune Henri, from
Liverpool. At Rouen, Jcune Henri, from Lo:idon. At Cux-
haven, Perseverance, Maughan ; and Atalanta, King, from
London. In the Clyde, Isabella; from Jamaica. At Constan-
tinople, Mary and Eliza, Phillips; and Sultan, Yeoman, front
London.

L.4IV.4RK ELECTION.

THE LORD PROVOST OF GLASGOW, AND MR.
OWEN OF NEW LANARK.
Friday, March 31.
The whole of the inhabitants of this town having
unequivacally declared themselves in favour of Mr.
Owes:, and their Town Council having (by a majo-
rity of 13 against seven) chosen Mr. MoNTErrit as
their Delegate, all looked with anxious expecta-
tion to the events of to-day. Although the morning
was rainy, a considerable body of men, from Old
Lanark, went down with banners
,and music to Mr.
OwEN'S residence (Brasfield), and drew him and the
Linlithgow Delegate, and his friend, in a carriage,
up to the town. Lyon their reaching the Council-
room, which can contain but few persons, a general
exclamation of " Open Court"—" Freedom of Elec-
tion"--and " Adjourn to the Church !" came from
all parts of the crowd. In order that the business of
the day might proceed peaceably, the Delegates re-
moved to the Elder's seat, and the test of the Church
was filled by the inhabitants. Mr. OwEa's entrance
was greeted with loud applause, but Provost MON-
TEITH was received amidst groans and hisses.
When Mr. MONTEITH was declared duly elected,
the loudest disapprobation was testified. He at-
tempted to speak, but could not be heardb until Mr.
OWEN had obtained silence for him.
Mr. MiINTEITH then proceeded to thank the Gen-
tlemen who had supported him, for the high honour
which they had just conferred upon him—(Lt • ri
hissing)--an honour which any individual, whatever
be his rank, might justly feel proud of obtaining.
He assured them he should go into Parliament quite
free and independent—(Laughter and loud disappro-
MELANCHOLY OCCCRlMM—Yesterday, a man named Law- bation). He was not bound to any patty. There Kas
mice Bill, was charged, at Guildhall, with having occasioned the only one thing he was a slave to (and he gloried iu
death of W. Kilby. It appeared from the evidence adduced, b
that slavery), e was a slave to his conscience—V.ond
that the prisoner, the deceased, and several other men, belong-
ing to some barges of Mrs. Keats, of Brook's wharf, which lau:hing). He expressed his admiration of the ex-
were mooted off Queenhithe, had been on shore during the cellence of the British Constitution, under which
morning of Sunday last for a frolic, or as they team it, skylark- every man (he himself was an bumble instance of
bag. On their return to their several barges, Kilby, the de- • i tns) might hope to rise by a course of industry,
ceased, got into his own, which was moored alongside that to
which the prisbner belonged, and he soon after came on board And the fair exertion of his talents, to the hi&hest
the prisoner's, and asked him for a light. The latter said he honours in the State.—(Severel voices here exclaimed,
had none, and bade him, in a jocular manner, begone to his C 4
.Its too late—thals all over nott.") He concluded
own barge, threatening to force him if he did not comply. The Is I
y t tan k' -mg the Meeting for their indulgence in listen-
deceased defied hint to do so. saying, it was out of his power,
on which the prisoner advanced to put his threat in execution, ing to what he had to say—(Loud and Ion: conti-
and in the silly struggle for mastery, both fell overboard between hued hissing).
the two barges, and sunk. The prisoner, Hill, rose again, and Mr. OWEN then rose, and when the applause with
was saved, but Kilby rose no more. 'Every exertion was made,
which he was greeted, allowed hint to proceed, be
by dragging, &c. to find the body, but without effect. No
malicious intentions were imputed to the prisoner, who expres... spoke in substance as follows :—" 1 beg leave, in the
sed his sorrow for the accident, and was remanded to prison first place, to thank the Gentlemen who have voted
until the body should be found, to await the decision of the for me on the present occasion, and in the next, to
Coroner's Jury. return my acknowledgments to the inhabitants of
An alarming fire broke out yesterday at Mansel-house, near
Earshot; the residence of Captain BAGST. The mansion, which this town and neighbourhood, for the kindness and
was of antient wooden structure, was entirely destroyed. attention I have experienced from them, during the
FIRE AND ACClDENT.—Yesterday morning, about late canvass, and up to the present moment. With
one o'clock, an alarm of fire was raised, in conse- reference to the business of the day, I rejoice that it
quence of the flames issuing from the second floor of has terminated as it bas done. Many of you, no
the house of Mr. Johnson, No. 5, Ogle-cottrt, Fitz- doubt, will be surprised at this declaration ; but after
roy-square ; shortly afterwards, several engines ar- a calm and deliberate consideration of the subject,
rived on the spot, and through the activity of the I am led to conclude it.wiii be more beneficial to the
fit enien the flames were soon extinguished, but not cause which I advocate, that before I submit my
before the upper part of the house, together with the plans to Parliament, the new Members should have
furniture, were completely destroyed. During the a fair opportunity of trying, in' the fit st Session,
interval of the fire, a report was in circulation, that what they can effect • towards the relief of the na-
aa elderly woman, named Matthews, had perished in tional distresses. So little do I value popularity or
the flames, and, on searching, she was found in the fame of any kind, that I would much rather Mat
second floor apartment, nearly burnt to a cinder in relief were brought about by others than by myself
various parts of the body; but symptoms of life still —(Applause).-1 care not who accomplishes the
remaining, she was conveyed to Middlesex Hospital, .good, so that the good 6e2accomplished—(Ckeers).
where she died soon after. The above unfortunate And I wish to give every opportunity to those who
woman was addicted to drinking, and on Sunday support the presei.t arrangements of society, to re-
evening returned home in a state of inebriation,- and medy the evils under which the count y is now.suf-
her clothes caught, while sitting at the fire, which fering, although my conviction certain') is, that from
occasioned the burning of the house. The body lies ' the erroneous principles upon which they act, they
for a Coroner's Inquest. • I must fail in the attempt. After the long detention
EYTONA Stock Broker, 2, Cornhill, begs leave to l you have already experienced, I am unwilling to ties-
remind his Friends the Public, the Drawing of the .pass further on your time, although much remains
Lottery commences the 27ih instant, when Two to be said. I conclude, Gentlemen, by thanking you
Prizes of i.:20,000 Consols will be decided in the first !for the very marked attention with which you have
five minutes : there are also 100 other Capitals, in- listened to me, and for .the good order which has
eluding Four of 1:30,000 Consols, which EYTON I been observed during these proceedings. Permit rue
hopes he shall have the pleasure of distributing Ito request that peace, order, and food will may con-
among his Friends. All Business in the Public Funds tinue to distinguish your conduct.' (The speech was
transacted with fidelity and dispatch. I frequently interrupted by ]cud, long, and rapturous
THE HERMITINLONDON.—The admirable Sketches applause, evincing the most deep-telt interest for the
on English Manners, which first appeared under this sentiments, as they were delivered).
title in the Literary Gazette, and were lately published i Mr. Qwpr then shook bands with Mr. Morality;
in three volumes, have just been translated into and the-Delegates. The Meetiitgthen
havingiet d
brokee.
. French. From the severe and sarcastic nature. of up. Mr. Owxt went honehone privately,
these papers, they. will nodoubt become very popular ekined the honours which the people of Lanark swop
lanng our rival neighbours. (desirous of paying him on his return.

VEMELS SPOTILW WITH: John, Smith, from Berbice to
London, on the 14th ult. in lat: 27. 52. long. 65. I'rince Leopold,
from Belfast to Charleston, on the nth, off Cape Romain ;
Hunter, from Liverpool to Boston, in lat. 49. long. 14. Mar-
tha, bf Poole, bound to Newfoundland, on the 6th inst. in lat.
49. and the Thomas Coutts. bound to China, on the Bth of Fe-
bruary, in lat. 2. N. long. 21.
Crsrox-Horm, Avitu.l7.—Ships Entered Inwards: Saxony,
Johnson, from Hamburgh ; Lisely, Mitchell, from New Pro-
vidence ; Speedwell, from Stangate Creek ; Twee Gebroeders
from Tonningen ; Jane, Avery, from Rotterdani Vissery,
from Worcum ; Vier Gebroeders, from Amsterdam; Earnest,
Beatson, from Hamburgh ; London, Rembeet, from ditto ;
Clyde, Greg, from Dublin; Aurora, Kemme, from Bremen;
Aimwell, Tate, from Hamburghi Commo, Mayes, from Cal-
cutta ; Cosmopolite, from Leghorn.—Entered Outwards:
Waterloo, Warren, for Amsterdam; Britannia, Jackson, for
Hamburgh ; Mary, Harvey, for St Thomas's; Nimble, for
St. Petersburgh ; Anne, Bailly, for Jersey; Coldstrmni,
Downer, for Bengal ; City of Genoa, Coates, for Labrador.—
Cleared Outwards: Coromandel, Hunter, for India; Mary,
Morgan, for the Isle of France; Ariadne, —, fur Madeira;
Preston, Fergus, for Antigua; Rambler, Slater, for Fiume;
Hunter, Swann, for Quebt.c ; Regent, Park, for Montreal;
iit.re, Hatfield, for Hamburgh ; Princess Amelia, Jones, for
China ; Tenderton. Russell, for Liibon ; Earl Moira, Harrison,
fur Quebec. ,
