DERBY BETTING.

4 to 1 apt Forester ; otOlagst 11lUittier ; 16 to 1 apt Colwick ;
20 to 1 apt Caleb.

BPltl NO ASIZES.

YOatK, APRIL 4.
(Before Mr. Justice Lurscanacs and s Special Jury.)
ROE, Dna. NUNGATI, V. CLAPHAM AND GASCOICINE.

This action was brought by the plaintiff' to recover possession of the
estate of Sherburn, near Ferrybridge, in this county. The defendant
was Oliver Gascoigne, Esq. son of the locum :enema for the present
Sheriff. The cause has excited much attention, and the Court was
crowded.
Mr. Serjeant Jones, Mr. Courtenay, and Mr. Alexander, con.
ducted the Plaintiff's case ; and Mr. Pollock, Mr. Williams, Mr.
Starkie, and Mr. Wightman, appeared for the defendants.
Mr. Serjeant JONES stated the case to the jury. The plaintiff in this
cause was descended from a family which in former tittles held consi-
derable possessions in Yorkshire. The estate now in dispute was
granted to an ancestor of the plaintiff, in the 15th year of the reign
of Charles I. This was Sir Philip Hungate, Batt. The family of the
Gascoignes was highly respectable, but (lid not belong to Yorkshire.
and was not connected with the family of Hungate. The defendant
in this cause, Oliver Gascoigne, was son by a former husband of the
wife of Sir Thomas Gascoigne, who succeeded his brother, Sir
Edward, who had obtained possession of the estate in question by
marriage with the daughter of a descendant of Sir Philip Hungate.
—Sir Philip Hungate had two sons,—Francis anti William,
Francis succeeded his father in the title and estates ; and in the latter
part of Charles's reign fell in the battle which WAS fought near Chester
between the Royal and Parliamentary armies. lie left two sons,
Francis and William. The first (succeeded to his estates, and in 1662
made a deed of settlement, creating an estate tail male, in the event or
issue on his part, and of failure, limited the remainder to his brother
William. Sir Francis had issue a son, called Philip. who in 1682 suc-
ceeded him and married. He also executed a settlement creating an
estate tail and male, and limiting the succession, in the same manner
his father had done, to his uncle William. It was filen this William
the plaintiff claimed his title to this estate. Sir Philip was succeeded
by his son, Sir Francis, who in 1715 or 1716 married Miss Weld, of
Lulworth Castle, by whom he had one child only, a daughter, named
Mary. Issue thus failing with hhn, the estate devolved to his brother
Charles, who was a lunatic, and died in 1749. Daring his life
his affairs were in the care of the Court of Chancery, which ap-
pointed Mary, the daughter of Sir Francis, and then the wife
of Sir Thomas Gascoigne, trustee of the estate, and to have cus-
tody of the lunatic anel his possessions. In the year 1810, on
the death of Sir Thomas Gascoigne, the present defendant, then Mr.
Oliver, who had married a Mi.s Turner, daughter of Lady Gascoigne
by a former husband, assumed the name of Gascoigne, and took pos-
session of the estates. The plaintiff's claim to the estates was founded
upon the deeds of 1662 and 1682, by which, in failure of male issue of
Sir Francis, they devolved, upon the death of Charles, to ‘Villiarn.
The present claim bad not been prosecuted at an earlier period, in con-
sequence of some mistake into which the plaintiff's father had fallen,
when in 1810 he did institute some proceedings, that his ancestor,
William, had died in 1677 without Issue. This was a palpable mis-
take, as the deed of 1682 proved, which described him to be then
living. This person married a bliss Oliver, and had Issue Ralph
and Thomas. Ralph, in 1717, petitioned the Lord Chancellor
for the custody of the estate and Sir Charles, the lunatic, as his
right, not because he was next remainder man in tail, but
because he was the next in the Protestant line, both families
being originally of the Catholic faith, and Sir Thomas, the
husband of Mary, not having then conformed. Ralph did not succeed
in his suit. Thomas, the brother of Ralph, had a son, Thomas, who
became sheriff of the city of York. He was a man of peculiar habits,
and did not assume the title which had devolved upon him. He was,
however, generally called tair Thomas Hungate, as would be proved by
living witnesses. This Thomas had a brother named John, who had
a son, who was the grandfather of the plaintiff. He went early in life
to reside in Essex, having obtained a situation in the excise. He had
several children, but his only surviving son went to sea, married, and
had a son, who was the plaintiff. The chief witness in support of the
plaintiff's claim to this descent was an aunt, an old lady upwards ofl
841 years of age, who had been brought from Chelmsford in Essex to'
York, at the commencement of the assizes, to give her evidence. In
consequence of the fatigues of the journey, although performed with
the utmost care, she died in a few days after her arrival. Fortunately,
her examination had been taken previously, and from it the jury
would find that her father, John Hungate, the grandfather of the
plaintiff, bad bequeathed to her a pedigree of' their family, which
he had received from his father, and had completed by additions
of his own. This pedigree would put the jury in possession of
proof, which would be indisputable of the justice of the plaintiff's claim.
The pedigree was produced, and registers of births, marriages, fee.
brought forward to confirm it. A considerable number of witnesses
were also examined.

Mr. Williams addressed the jury for the defendants, contending
that the plaintiff had failed to prove that the William Ilungate from
whom he deduced his descent, was the William Hungate named in the
deed of 1682.

The first witness for the defendant was under examination when this
account left York.

ENSUING SESSIONS AT THE OLD BAILEY.

A summary statement, descriptive of the various offences with which
the prisoners at the ensuing Sessions at the Old Bailey, severally stand
charged viz :
. Burglary - - . . . 3
Househteaking - - . . - 4
Highway robbery - - - - 7
Horse stealing - • . - - • 1
Stealing in dwelling houses - - - - 16

_
Emberilement - - - - - - 3
Stealing from persons - - - - - 44
Receiving stolen goods - - . - 10
Assault with intent to rob - - - 2
Sending a threatening letter in order to extort money - 1
Larceny - - - . - 202
.... .. . - - .

Taking away a child with intent to steal the clothes - 1
Uttering counterfeit coin - - - - 1
Stealing a dead body - - - 2
Uttering a forged order for the delivery of goods - 2
Bigamy . . - - - 4
Fraud . - . - 5

London prisoners - . - -44 1
309
Middlesex ditto . - - - 2G5
STATE OF HIS MAJESTY'S 01101. OP NEWGATI, *NHL 5.
Prisoners under sentence of death . - 27
Transportation for life . . - - - 10
------- 14 years - - - - 12
7 years - . . 43
Imprisoned for felony and misdemeanour . - 3
------- for trial at the ensuing sessions . - 309
--- whose judgments are respited . - 6
-.-- acquitted on the ground of insanity, and re-
main during Royal pleasure - - - 6
-,....• remanded from last sessions - - 1

Males
Total . 423
Females - - . - 113

A little raw silk, and the cheese which is found so much
better every where than in the district whence it takes its
name, form the whole exports of the Parmesan States ;
while the only visible symptoms of internal trade in the
city of Parma itself are festoons of macaroni, and the
swinging pewter basin which vibrates over the door of the
barber's shop.

PANORAMA OF THE RRIT,SH
EMPIRE.
HALIFAX EXPRESS, APRIL 2.
A most contemptible use of alleged perjury in the answers to a bill
in Chancery, was trumped up at the last York Assizes, against me of
the moat respectable men in Yorkshire, Michael Stock; Esq. resident
near Halifax. The plaintiff in the bill, James Vi'oodhead, was the
evidence to prove the case, which the judge and jury considered as
frivolous, that it was not heard to the end, and a verdict of Not Guilq,
satisfied all who heard the accusation. But it is an extraordinary dr.
cumstanee, that since the trial, the following testimony has been pub-
lished, proving a conspiracy the most criminal that ever disgraced the
country. It appears in the Halifax Express, and the original, it is
stated, is shewn to the public at the printlrgoffice, and is to the fol.
lowing effect :
The voluntary statement of James Woodhead, of Binn's Hill, in
Worley, in the parish of Halifax, and county of York, taken this 26th
day of March, 1831, who stated that he was induced to prefer the bill
of indictment, by persona residing at and near Halifax, contrary to the
dictates of his own conscience. These parties being hostile to Michael
Stocks, Esq. and being. from motive's of revenge, determined, as they
said, to break hl. Stocks, Fsq. as a magistrate, and that a subscription
has been raised for the purpose of enabling the parties to effect this base
transaction. James Woodhead. Witness to the signature—John
Welburn.
With reference to the miscreants concerned in this atrocious affair, we
lament that the law imposes no higher punishment than transportation.
Mr. Stocks has been a public spirited and very liberal Magistrate, and
probably some low attorney is at the bottom of the affair. As a public
spirited, useful, and urbane man, 111 r. Stocks is considered through the
country as " a man of ten thousand." We hope, therefore, that he and
the neighbourhood will spare no pains or expense to expel such a nest of
vipers from a society which they contaminate. Nor ought this duty to
be left by others to be performed by Mr. Stocks.
At the Chancels' Court of the diocese of York, a very important parish
case was tried, Greenwood against (heaves.
The promoters in this case are two of the churchwardens of the parish
of Dewsbury, and the defendants twelve of the inhabitants of the town-
ships of Soothill and Osseo, within that parish, two of them being also
churchwardens. By this action the promoters called upon the defen-
dants to show cause why they should not be duly corrected and punished
for refusing to lay a sufficient rate for the necessary repairs of the pa-
rish church, for furnishing bread and wine for the communion, and for
other moderate incidental expenses. It appeared, that at a vestry meet-
inn,' regularly corvened, in August last, a rate of 1101. was applied for,
to defray the expenses for the above purposes: when the commissioners
granted only 501. 17a. 6d. This was deemed by the promoters inade-
quate, and the present proceedings were instituted.
Mr. Evans, as counsel for the defetitlants, made elaborate citations of
the law on the subject, and argued against the unreasonableness of the
supposition that the act of the two churchwardens was to bind the ma-
jority. He also contended that the proceeding was irregular, and
must fail, in consequence of " the necessary articles" not having been
specified.
The Judge had a doubt on his mind, whether the proceedings, as at
present framed, could decide the real question at issue. He was of
opinion that, as there were four churchwardens, and as two was not a
majority, the promoters could nor, of themselves, lay a rate. The pas
rishioners, he thought, ought not to have been made parties in this pro-
ceeding. He should, howevet, defer pronouncing judgment until the
first day of term ; and intimated that, in the meantime, the parties
might make such arrangements as would bring the real question to an
issue.
The Freeholders of Nottingham subscribed 5,0001. in two hours, to
oppose the return of Admiral Sotheron, (who voted against the Reform
13,11), and to secure that of John Smith Wright, Esq. at the next elec-
tion for that county.
At the Bradford Market on Thursday there was very little business
transacted, and no perceptible variation in the prices of wool. The
markets have also been extremely dull both at Iluddersfield and Hali.
fax this week.
The able Petition of the Inhabitants of Crigglestone, and others,
within the Parish of Sandal Magna. in the West Riding.—Your
petitioners beg leave to submit to your honourable house, that It is with
pain and grief, in the aixteenth year of peace, which his most gracious
Majesty's speeches from the Throne, Section after Session, read in your
Honourable House, have uniformly assured us, was not likely to be in.
terrupted, we witness a, great majority of his Majesty's subjects, whe-
ther engaged in agriculture, in commerce, or in manufacture, whether
employed in labour..,or bound by their station in life to remunerate Ja-
bot:l. ; all sharing in degree and according to their lot, one common fate
in poverty, difficulty, or distress.
" That while we look back to the national expenditure in the period
of the late war, when we find that his Majesty's subjects, during its
prosecution, raised and paid in parliamentary taxes, the amount of ele-
ven hundred millions sterling ; besides seven hundred millions raised
by loans and added to the national debt; we stay not to inquire whe
diet that war in its origin was just or necessary, because it cannot now
be recalled: but when we consider the amount of taxes imposed upon
us and paid into the treasury since its termination, not leis than nine
hundred million; a sum exceeding by upwards of one hundred millions
the whole amount of the national debt, we cannot but pause to ask how
much of that debt has been discharged.
" That it appears to your petitioners, not much more than fifty mil-
lions have been paid off' by legitimate means—and that above one bun.
died have been cancelled or expunged.
" That but a few years since, a late member of your honorable house,
and of the then executive Government, stated in his place, in a tone of
exultation and triumph, that this country, in agriculture, in commerce,
in manufacture, and in all branches of profitable industry, was never be-
fore known to have been in such a condition of prosperity and greatness.'
But. alas ! in a period somewhat less than six months after that memo-
rable declaration, your petitioners saw their country in a state bordering'.
on bankruptcy—public credit shaken to its very base—thousands upon
thousands engaged in agriculture, banking establishment; manufacture,
and tnechanitan ruined and undone.
" That a dtmmunity of people thus possessing resources to meet
and to survive such a state of things—possessing a capability of raising
in taxes and Loans Twenty-seven Hundred Millions sterling, in a
period short of thirty-eight years, should, after the longest period of
peace England has known for two centuries, experience a state of die.
tress and complaint, is a paradox cf modern times, and the real exist-
ence of the fact in one and the same land is, as your Petitioners believe,
a solitary instance in the history of Europe.
" That it proves the truth of the position, t That to pronounce upon
the merits or demerits of a Government, we need only look at the con.
dition of the people.'
" That your petitioners can trace the causes of these results to no
other source, than the inadequacy and defect of the people's repre-
sentation in your Honourable house.
Mr. Hobhouse'e Bill to regulate the hours of working children in fan
tories, is daily and deservedly engrossing an increased share of public
attention, the result of which we may hope, will be a general
expression of opinion in its favour, tbr the more the subject is
considered, the more obvious will appear the necessity of adopting
its principle, however we may differ ae to its details. if the
old custom in woollen factories had been adhered to, that is,
working from six in the morning to seven in the evening, allowing two
hours for meals (so that the machinery ran eleven hours per day, and
only nine hours end a half on Saturdays), we should have heard no this.
cussion on the subject of slavery in Yorkshire. But so long as this
time of 11 hours per day is exceeded by any mills as a rule, we hope the
friends of morals—of' humanity—and of fair trade, will not relax their
efforts to procure a legislative regulation not confined to the working of
esildien, but including the machinery itself.
At a public meeting held at York Tavern yesterday week. Lord
Duntlas in the chair, it was resolved to enter immediately into a sub-
scription for restoring the city walls, the expence of which is expected
not to exceed 40001. Above 14501. was subscribed in the room.
Amongst the subscribers were his Grace the Archbishop 5001. the
Right Hon. F.tal Fitzuilliam 3001. and the Lord Mayor 2001. Martin
Stapylten 1001. and several other munificent donors.
Two notorious blasphemers, one styling himself" Eton, the anointed
of the Loan," and the other professing to be " the son of Joanna
Southcote," have been " practising" at Huddersfield during the week.
After the recent exposure of the infamy of " John Wroe, the prophet
of the Loots," we did not expect to hear of any other rascally fellows
of this description.
MARRIED.—At Leeds, George, eldest son of Mr William Crab-
tree, to Ann, daughter of the late Mr. Ilichaed Thompson.—Mr. G.
Bailey, of Leeds, to Miss Esther Adamson, of Dutton.
DIED.—At Wetherby, E. Richardson, Esq. 37.—1 n Monkgate,
York. 77, J. Harrison. esq.—Ann, wife of .1. Shaw esq. of Dale, in
Saddlewetth, 63--At Thorn, 77, Elizabeth, relict of the late It Maw.
hood, eq. of Wakefield.— Mr. W. W. White, 44, of Wakefield.—Mr.
C. Hindle, 34, wine merchant, Dewsbury.—ln Park.place, Leeds, Mrs.
Fawcett, widow of the late J. Fawcett, esq. of Leeds.—Ann, wife of Mr.
W. Cox, 48, of Huddersfield.—At East Field House, near Haxby Mrs.
Bardeen, 72, relict of the late Mr. R. Burdsall, of York.—At Green.
house, near Doncaster, 7l, E. Chorley. esq. M.D.
THE NEW HUNGERFORD MAREET.—On Saturday a
Court of Compensation was held at Guildhall, Westminster,
before Mr. Smedley, the High Bailiff's assessor, for the pur-
pose of assessing the value of Villiers-street wharf, which
the Hungerford Market Company require to effect their im-
provements in restoring the market. The case occupied the
whole day. Mr. Adam and Mr. Pollock conducted the case
for the proprietor of the premises, Mr. James Rickman.—
The claim made by Mr. Rickman amounted to about 11,0001.
for lease, fixtures, and loss of removal, and 3,0001. for loss
sustained on two years' profits. A great number of respecta-
ble witnesses were examined, and the Jury, after an- hour's
consideration, awarded the sum of 9,6001. to Mr. Rickman
in satisfaction of all claims.

POLICE REPORTS.
Manseow-Hoosx.—A well-dressed female, about 35 years of age,
was charged with having disturbed and annoyed a merchant of opulence
and respectability in his counting-house.
It appeared that some years ago the merchant (now about 64 years of
age) saw the defendant, a person of some attractions, and took her
away from the protection of the public into his own. They Reel
together, alternately pleasant and miserable, for some time. The
complainant fancied that by giving the defendant an education he
should correct her propensity to talk, and he made the experiment,
but the weapons of knowledge were turned against himself. She
got together all the hard words she could find, and upon the
slightest occasion pelted them at hint with a violence against which
his only security was in filet. A separation took place. and
he gave her his bond for the payment of forty pounds a- year, and me.
fortably fixed her in the neighbourhood of Dover. The complainant,
finding that a roving life bad its disadvantages, resolved to get settled
with a wife, hut no sooner was be married than offthe defendant walked
to his house, and contested the right of priority of her claim to him,
and to demand an increase of allowance. A magistrate was appealed
to, and a promise was made that there should be no repetition of offence.
After various disputes and compromises, the complainant came to the
resolution to refuse to pay his toementor a farthing, unless she consented
to live at 40 miles' distance from the metropolis. Having violated her
engagement to observe the condition, she now found herself in the pre-
dicament of most people who have no money, without a friend, and be.
sieged the complainant in his counting-house, relying upon the efficacy
of her tongue.
The complainant assured the Alderman that the interruptions he ex.
perienced in his business were of the most injurious kind. His perse.
tutor had no claim upon him, for their acquaintance took place in no
more romantic place than Cheapside, on the pavement, and he had sup.
plied her with money to a very large extent.
The Alderman regretted to witness such a seene,and asked the won:an
why she acted with such ingratitude to a person who had treated her
with so much liberality.
She replied, that she had made a solemn vow to herself, not to leave
him in peace except he consented to give her 501. a.year, u it was im-
Possible thin she could live on less, and she could not think of going
loose upon society again.
There was no possibility of stopping the woman's eloquence, and
after she had belaboured the complainant for twenty minutes with
threats, and solicitations and promises, the Alderman told her that she
must procure bail if the complainant persevered.
The complainant at last said, that he should once more try het : he
should pay her the full amount of the bond, and supply her with mo-
ney to go into the country.
BOW.STREM—Yetiterday, Mr. Thomas, the superintendent of po-
lice appeared at this office with a very fine lad, apparently about 16
years of age, who had been found wandering about the streets a week
ago, and brought to the station-house from motives of humanity, where
he has since remained.
it appeared from the lad's statement, that his father was a privet:
soldier in the 42d regiment of Foot, and was killed at the farm of Hou.
gomont, the taking and re-taking of which, it will be remembered, formed
a principal incident in the battle of Waterloo. On the very night pm.
ceding that eventful battle, the lad was born within view of the scene
of action, and amidst the danger and confusion attendant on such an
event. The remnant of the gallant 42d was some time after ordered
to Gibraltar. and thither the lad's mother went with her infant son,
who was fostered by the Regiment. The mother, some years
after contracted a second marriage at Gibraltar, where she died, four
years ago, and about a year after that event the lad left Gibraltar, and
joined the depot of the regiment at Stirling. Here he remained, still
protected by his father's comrades, until the 25th of last June, when he
was tut ned out of the barracks at Stirling Castle, it having been disco-
%creel that he had been in the habit of bringing in liquor to the men.
Deprived of the protection of his military friends, he wandered into
Statherlandshire, in the hope of meeting with some of' his father's rela-
tives ; but in this be was disappointed, and failing to procure any em.
ployment, he subsisted during the autumn and part of the winter of
last year on the casual charity of those who felt compassion for his or-
phan state, and an interest in his peculiar story. Having wandered in
this way through the Western Highlands, he proceeded to Edinburgh
on foot, and remained there between two and three months, and then
proceeded to Leith, where be purchased the jacket which he wore for
Gd. lie then embarked on board the Stately smack, anti landing at
Woolwich about a fortnight ago, he came up to London, and was
found wandering about Covent-garden by a policeman.
In answer to a question by the Magistrate, he stated that his name
was David Sutherland ; and he produced a piece of paper, on which
was writs n, Thomas Campbell, Esq. author of the Pleasures of Hope,
Literary Union Society, or at No. 9, Stockbridge-terrace, Knights-
bridge." This address, he stated, had been furnished to him by Air.
Campbell, who had taken a great interest in his story, and offered
to provide him with a situation in his own establishment, if he could
procure any respectable person to verify the truth of his statement.
Mr. Thomas Raid, that the circumstance of the wife of a soldier of
the 42d regiment having been delivered of a child on the field of battle,
was mentioned as a remarkable circumstance in several of the published
accounts of the Battle of Waterloo.

Mr. HALLS thought that if the case was made known at the
War-office, something would be done for the lad ; but he thought
that the offer of Mr. Campbell ought first to be attended
to. The Magistrate added, that he had no doubt of the
truth of the lad's statement, but at the same time he thought
it would be advisable that it should be, in some degree, corrubeeated.
Mr. Thomas said he would write to Woolwich for that purpose.
Ustox IlAut.—Yesterday, Mr. William Burton Neweuham was
charged with threatening to shoot a gentleman named Pinar.
The complainant stated, that the defendant, who is a young
man of very considerable property, married his daughter some time
ago, and that owing to his brutal conduct towards her, she had sought
the protection of her parents. Although she had been confined only a
fortnight ago, yet such was the dread and terror Inspired in her mind,
in consequence of the treatment she had experienced at the hands of her
husband, that she determined on quitting his house for ever. She was
now lying in a condition that thete woe but alight hopes of her recovery,
and site solemnly conjured both her father and mmher not to permit
her husband to see her. cln the preceding evening, however, the de.
fendant called at Mr. Pittar's house, and an interview with his wife
having been refused, he declared his fixed determination to see her, let
what might be the consequence; and in order to effect his object, he
endeavoured to get over the garden wall, threatening to shoot the com-
plainant if he threw any impediment in his way.
The defendant denied that he had ever ill-treated his wife.
The complainant said that the defendant constantly carried loaded
pistol+, and he was persuaded that if an opportunity pawned i ?elf,
the defendant would shoot him.

The Magistrates adjudgcl the defendant to find heavy bail.
THAMES POLICE•OFFICE--Yesterday, Janes Walton, the man
who stands charged with robbing various pulite houses, taverns, coffer-
houses, and eating-houses, where be had obtained a bed, was again
brought before Mr. BALL...STINE, and in consequence of the publicity
given to the last examinations, more than 200 licensed victuallers, their
servants, and others, attended to prefer charges against him. Various
pawnbrokers produced bundles of property of every description pledged
wiai them, but no portion of it could be identified. The prisoner's waist-
coat was, however, owned by one of the publicans, and the Magistrate
said he should commit him for trial upon that charge. He was then re-
manded for further examination upon some of the other charges.

BIRTHS.

The sth inst. in Arlington-street, the Lady M. Stephenson, of a son
—The sth inst. in Guilford-street, the lady of George Faith, Esq. of a
daughter—The sth inst. in Pallarall East, Mrs. R. Gruff, of a son—The
sth inst. in Upper Woburn-place, the lady of Charles G. Webber, Esq.
of a son.

MARRIED.
The sth inst. at St. James's, R. E. H. Repton, Esq. of the Bengal
civil service, to M. Henrietta, daughter of H. Thompson, Esq. of Bed-
ford.square.

DIED.

The sth inst. at her house in Curson.►treet, Maria Anne, wife of J.
H. Penruddocke, Esq. 51. P. for Wilton—At Hampstead, the bill Inst.
Margaret Anne, eldest daughter of 11. F. Jameson, Esq.—The let hut.
at Kennington, after a long and painful Illness, J. Warner, Esq. aged
60—The 3d inst. at his house, King-street, Bloomsbury, Mr. David
Edwards, in the 52d year of his age—At Wallington, the 21 instant,
J. Turner, Esq. late of Wardour-street, Suho, aged 66.

CORN-EXCHAN

E-THIS DAY.

Wheat,new,Kent, Essex 741 801, Peas, Grey . 36, 40.
Old . —s —5, Beans, Small . . 40s 421
Suffolk, (White) . 74s 781: Tick . 32s 36s
Norfolk & buff. (Red), 66s rls Oats, Potatoe . 261 31.
Rye • . 30s 34s Poland . 2b 28s
Barley, 341 38s —Fine 42, 48s Feed . . 221 24s
Peas, 'White . 40s 425 . Flour, per sack, . . 60, Ms
Boilers . . 45. 481 Rapeseed . 1836 £3B per last
MIIIVALII.

Wheat, English (qrs.) - 1,650 Batley, Foreign . . 3,810
Irish . . Oats, English . 2,720
Foreign - - 8,010 Irish . . 910
Barley, English - 820 Foreign - 3,140
Irish - - English Flour (sacks) IMO

COAL-EXCHANGE—THIS DAY.
Ships arrived during the month
During the week
BestWallsend, Newcastle, & Sunderland Coals.. 26s B.i a 29s Od
Janice sorts
Ships at Market. 1901.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE T0:-MORROW.
Morning 9H. Mtn. I Afternoon

LONDON : hinted and rubliahed by JOllll MAYNE, at the STAa
OFFICE, No. I, Pickett-place, Tempi( Bar.
