• .

• .
• .71,N1$ p4P, 4p UL et.
matestimmto
=MAC? a A 10104'111 TETTink. •
OMNI C 041901 rlf this letter ton Vective
lipleg rellSOn why the Beet has not returned
to ngland ere this! as *as generally expected. We
all rendezvous at -Mahon, consisting of as folio*:
Scent 99, Sig ship of the Comminder.in-Chief, Captale
haw Bridal • Bombay, 74, gear... Admiral Sir C. V. Penrose,
Captain alsoleis Berwick, 74, Captain Brace; Meet. 74, Capt.
Mandy g Leviathan, 74, Captain Briggs; Montague, 74, Captain
p. Haywood; 'riots, Caytaia Deans Dundee; Cloriude, Captain
Piobell; Erne, Captain Ri Spencer; Pilot, Ccnaht 'Nicholas ;.
Banterer, Captain Ward; eparrowlsawk, Captain Hingoyne ;
Calypso. Captain Simon ; four transports, with snekat•hoata., &le
4. Whilst. making the necessary preparations fir
sailing, Lord Exmoor': issued an order to the fleet,
coached In very strong and animated terms, describ-
ing the service upon which we were about to proceed,
and tug to each .ship the particular duty that
Me be expected to perform, in order to effect
It. We arrived at Algiers on the Slst of March,
having been preceded by the Tagus, Captain Dos-
DAS, which ship had been appointed by the Corn-
manderlin-Chief to convey a notification to the DEY
of his approach, and with what design, and what
wereahe only terms he had to propose to him. The
Due nut only Tel used to listen to the overture, but
would not open the dispatches, assigning, however,
as his reason (curious as it may appear) because his
uncle had died the day before, having shot himself ;
and that, at any time, he must call a Divan, to con-

eider e.f the dispatches.
‘4 Lord Exmothrm replied in effect, that it was of
no sort of use to think uf. offering excuses, or of tem-
porizing with the demands—they must be complied
with; and as so the Divan, be (the Dey) could cut
off their heads at . any moment that he pleased ;
r therefore, -their counsel could not have much to do
with the matter. Whilst this reply was under consi-
deration, the fleet was ordered to prepare for actions
and be ready the next morning to anchor within a
cable's length of the Mole and batteries. But as it
came on to plow very hard, and the wind right out
of the harbour, the fleet was prevented from moving;
therefore, Lord EXMOUTH instantly determined to go
on shore. In a few hours afterwards he came off
again to :he fleet, having, by his firai and resolute
conduct, obtained all the principal terms that he re-
quired, to the following effect s--e That all Sardinian
and Genoese slaves should be emancipated at 500
dollars a head, and all Neapolitans at 1,000 dollars a
bead. One-third of the Neapolitans to be seat home
immediately.-the remainder when paid for. That
the Dey should never go to war with Sardinia (that
Power having placed itself undf-r onr naval 'protec-
tion), while peace remained between the Dey and
England ; and that should war be made with either
of the other Powers, it should be carried on, with
respect to prisoaess taken, in the same manner as is
observed by Christian nations.
46 We here do not pretend to judge of the State
policy that dictated the Admiral's instructions, which
should prefer making term; with such cruel, despotic
wretches, rather than to seek to destroy ail the means
they poisoned of effecting. their wanton and hard-
hearted crimes; but this we all know, that Algiers is
a very strong Mace, defended by 286 guns, from 68
to 18-pounders; and, had not the object been attain.:
ed in the way it has, it must have cost us a peat
loss of lives, and this, too, before we could have eve&
taken up our position, from the heavy flanking bat-
teries they have. The Molt is the principal fort,
upon which there are 97 pieces of ordnance, in three
tiers,- some of which are at a height of $5 feet above
the level of the sea. They had besides, 7000 infantry,,
and five frigates and four corvettes in the herbour.
" The Admiral had directed, that a proportion of
seamen and marines from each ship was to storm the
lower batteries, and spike the guns ; whilst another
division, with the rocket-boats,,, should encleavnisr to
destroy the place. The crewsjof our ships entered I,
into a view of the combat with quite an enthusiastic
feeling; they all appeared to have .an abhorred de-
testation of the unfeeling cruelties committed by the
iiirbary States; many of them had, unfortunately,
been their captives. Ido assure you, it was troly in-
teresting to witness the offers that were cheerfully
made by the men to undergo fatigues, or even sacri.
fice life, in this cause of humanity. However, the
promptitude and decision of: our Chief intimidated
r:the Dar, and he was prevailed upun.to agree to the
'terms 1 nave mentioned.
.44 Fiom Algiers we sailed on the ;'eh of April, and
'.arrived at Tunis on the llth, on a similar cause.
Here Lord .*ZiIJU TR obtained all the terms that he
demanded, to their toll extent--cite Sardinian slaves
ID ba# freely liberated; the Neapolitans-at 300 dollars
a.head. At both places,,the number of slaves re-
teased is about 3,000, But what is even of more im-
portance, a foundation has been laid tor the termina-
tion id Christian slavery..-
" The fleet is now (21st of April) .under weigh to
proceed to Tripoli (except the SpaLiowhawk, which
goes to England with dispatches): and when we
,shall have effected our negociations there, shall ren-
dezvous at Cali, in Sarditui ; go from thence to Al-
Alen, to obtain a recision of a Treaty made by the
Dey with Almeria, by 'which an Undue advantage has
been granted to that nation, as it respects the disposal
of their prizes in the Dey's ports; and then we shall
proceedltihEngland, to be pliideff. The following ships,
intended for the peace Xereioe, will proceed-to Malta
Bombay, 74, Rear-Admiral Sir C V. PaNanSE (until
'relieved by the Queen, 74, from England); T.-gus,
Myrmidon, Satellite, Erne, and Wasp. Some of these
ships have just joined us from England. The Tagus.
is to return to Algiers from Leghorn, for the puipose
of conveying presents from the now reigning I)ge to,
the GRAND SRIONOR, consisting of liens, tiger., Btc.,
His petty Sovetegnty would not be acknowledged if
he did not make these. tributary.prelents ; and he has
oo ship in a lit.state to proceed to sea immediately..
The Clorinde has sailed for Civita Vecchia, and some
of the released slaves are gone to Genoa in over Min*
ifkintio 'The Falmouth, Captain Ft:salvo, which ar-
rived with dispatches from England, sailed the 18th
inst. for Gibrakar and St. Helena. Captain Maim,
his Officers, aad crew of the Phenix, lately lost near
*tyros; hive arriied, Etre in transpoets. The Spar-
rowhaark pans front the fleet this aftertioon.n.
-000-teiser- ;.

•' . CUSTOM4OUSI4IIAT'S‘ '
c #
'SNIPS UnitY9.JBllllls Ts-,
Assilfs; Apo and Eliza Jolts fliqraosrly4 for °pits; :51esi-
Daiid lestoo.'for .Msatierfot;' Priiletss Wars,. Joseph
'icasit, for Caleb; Windsor 0401 WlnAlinaftlll* Us. 'WI
Gone sod Fort WWlsso ; sad tits lzb Job* Simla, for New
York, pussaprs tall.
