ASSIZE IA FELLIGENCE.

SOMERSET ASSIZES, WELLS, SEPTEMBER 2.
CRiM. CON.-PORTER V. JONES, ESQ.

Mr. Serjeant PELL stated the plaintiff's case to the
Jury, and observed, that the case they had that day to
try, was one of a most disgusting description, and
would require all their attention to enable them duly to
appreciate the conduct of the defendant on the record.
The plaintiff was a young man of the age of 94, carry-
ing on the business of a land surveyor and clothier at
Frome, in this county, and the defendant was a Gentle.
man of fortune; he would say of considerable fortune,
for his property, if he were rightly informed, amounted
fo between 40 and 50,0001. His age was 27. Mr. Porter
married in the year 1822, in the month Of June. There
had been a courtship between Mr. and Mrs. Porter of a
year and a half. When the acquaintance commenced,
Ali s. Porter was between 18 and 19, and was the daugh-
ter of a most respectable farmer named German, who,
with Mrs. Porter, had six or seven children; all brought
Lp well ins every moral and domestic duty, and cal-
culated to be an ornament to society, and a comfort to
those with whom they were connected. Up to the
period of this unhappy transaction, the conduct of the
plaintiff's wife had been free from blame—indeed, it
had been 'exemplary ; it was truly without reproach.
Pinter, soon after his marriage, connected himself with
the defendant, by inking a house of him, in which be
(Jones) was to have apartments. After he was married,
tor the first six Went% he lived with his wife's father,
Mr. German. He afterwards removed to a house near
Prof)* at Kaford Terrace, the defendant having a house
to let at Lower Kaford. The plaintiff ultimately took
it, and Jones himself lived at itutford, about fifteen or
sixteen miles from Frome; but considering it necessary
(having large property there) to live occasionally near
home, it was agreed that he should have apartments in
his own house that had been taken by the plaintiff at
Lower Kaford, for which he was to pay 201. per annum.
Alterations were accordingly made to keep Jones's
a-Ailments separate from Porter's. The house had a
ground floor, a bed.rikns floor, and one room crier it.
There was one general door to enter at; on the left on the
ground floor was the defendant's parlour, and too
the room above, where he slept, he passed by a separat&
staircase to the one used by the plaintiff's family. There
was a passage to the right on the defendant's staircase
that led to the plaintiff's kitchen. Porter's parlour was
63 the right of the passage leading from the out door,
and on the left was plaintiff's kitchen, and there the
saircace was leading to the defendant's bed-room. The
door at the top 'of this staircase was locked in conse-
Twice of Mr. Jones's lodging at Potter's, and a person
wishing to come from Jones's bed-room to Potter's bed
morn must tome down stairs through the door 'of corn-
munication, which, As he had stated, was at the time to
which he referred, kept•locked. Over the bed-room
tar, as he had stated, there was a servants room, in
which, on one occasion, two 0 Jones's servants slept.
Porter's servants consisted of geniis named Slade and
his wife, who would be called that day before them ;
they Slept in an outhouse, to which the house did not
communicate. A factory was at the back of this out-
"uses and on that account it was necessary to have a
it! sun sleet. tlict e for its protection. Porter took posse!.

~...

mos=

sian of 'this house about Michaelmas, 182$. Junes only
slept one bight in the house between Michaelmas and
the 19th of October.' 'Oil the 19th of Otober, Porter
was obliged to go to . London on business. When he
went to town the defendant was not at Lower Kaford.
Poster thought his wife -would go to her father's during
his absence, or have a Miss Smith, who would becalled
before them to-day, to stay with her. In point of fact,
she aid go to her father's for three or four days, but
she returned, and met Jones at Lower Kaford. The
Jury will perceive that dining Porter's absence, Jones
came, and found that he was from home. He then
brought his two servants; and in this part of the case
he wished to state, that he did not feel justified in
making observations that might naturally serve his case;
but, if his friend did not ask the questions to which he
alluded, his Lordship would allow any of them to ask
stsch questions as might tend to elucidate evillence.—
Jones, on the 27th October, came to Lower Kaford, and
found that Porter was gone to London. On the 2d of
November he came again, and brought two servants,
one of Whom he sent away on the 6th, and the other on
the 7th. He was observed looking at the house, and
keys of the doors that were kept locked, on the Bth of
November. On the Morning of the 9th, Mrs. Slade
came into the house to light the fire, and prepare break-
fast, from the house where she and her husband slept,
and went first into the defendant's sitting-room. H
ought to have stated, that on the preceding night the
defendant seemed anxious to get Mrs. Slade to bed.
When she got to the house the next morning, and was
in the defendant's sitting-room, she heard a noise in
passage, like a person walking without shoes; and im-
mediately after 'kw Jones, with only his shirt on, in
Porter's part of the house. He then said to Mrs. Slade
—" Pray don't mention you have seen this." When she
next saw him he was dressed. He again asked her not
to mention the circumstance. He spoke this slightly,
that he might not injure Jones's case. He did not men-
tion it with that view, and he only glanced at it, lest it
.should not be proved. Mrs. Slade afterwards went into
Mrs. Porter's bed-room, who was in bed, and on seeing
Mrs. Slade, she hid her bead under the bed-clothes,
and seemed confused. Mrs. Slade afterwards examined
the door, and founcl the staple forced. Mrs. Slade and
her husband afterwards had a communication, and it
would appear that Mr. Jones had offered them both
money. After Porter knew the fact, what could he do?
itHe must either allow jealousy to blast all his comfort or
part from his wife. Rumour was always afloat is a
country like this. He had heard rtgrrs4atthar his
Learned Friend might endeavour to em o proof ;
but be thought it would be a disadvantageous course for
him to pursue without he could beyond all doubt shew
Mrs. Porter a woman of abandoned habits, and plain-
tiff's conduct unbecoming in a married man. He might
attempt that course, but he warned his friend that it
would be a dangerous one. The damages were laid high.
They were as high as 5,0001. and it was for the Jury to
say, whether they would give the whole or what part
of the damages to the plaintiff ; but in adverting to the
damages, he would not avoid again reminding them of
the property of the defendant. The case was in their
hands, and he had no doubt they would act justly by
both parties.
Susan Slade sworn.—l am a married woman ;my
husband and myself went to live with Mr. Porter last
Michaelmas ; there was an apprentice boy beside; Mr.
Poster's house was divided, and there was no comma.
nication between Mr. Jones's and Mr. Porter's sleeping-
rooms; my husband and I slept in an out-house; I know
Mr. Jones; I first saw him en the 9th of October;
I waited on him; be stayed then one nigbtt he came
again on the 27th, and stayed till the MK ; he returned
the Ist or 2al of November, and brought a footman and
a boy ; Mr. Porter went to London on the 19th of Oc-
tober ; Mrs. Porter did not go; she went to her father's
for two or three days; I first saw Miss Smith on the
16th.of January; Mr. Jones returned to the house on
the Ist or 2d of November ; when Mr. Jones returned,
on the Ist or 2d of November, Mrs. Porter was at home;
she had then returned from herfather's; on the 27th
October she was not at home; Mr. Jones then asked me
where Porter's people were? I said he was.in London,
and his wife at her father's; one of Mr. Jones's servants
went away on the 6th of November, and the odier•on
the day following. The man went away first, on the
6th, and the boy on the 7th. 1 know the door that
leads from the passage to the kitchen; it is kept locked.
The other door, that leads to Mr. Porter's stair-case, is
also kept locked. When they are locked all commu-
nications are cut off between the two parts of the house.
On the 7th of November, Mrs. Porter stayed up after
me. I went to bed at ten. She was in the parlour.
I went to bed through the kitchen. I saw Mr. Jones
in his parlour just before I went to bed. The next
morning I came down at half-past five. I let myself
is by the back-door, the key of which I had. I first
went into Mr. Jones's parlour, the door of which was
open. I lighted the fire there, and then I beard some
person coming without shoes from Mrs. Porter's room,
along the passage to her staircase. It was then quite
light. Mr. Jones came down Mr. Porter's stairs and
opened the passage door. He then had only his shirt
on, without stockings or night-cap, He ran by me up
his own staircase. When he got up stairsb he called me.
He said, " Slade, Slade, Slade, come up." He was thee
in his shirt. He got me by the arm, and said, a Don't say
a word—keep your own counsel." I told him I should
not. He then said, "It is done, and cannot be helpedl
—lt was hot the woman's fault, it was all my own."
The boy went in the afternoon of the 7th. Japes said,
" I broke open her room door and took the keys yes-
terday on purpose, and I sent away my boy George, on
purpose that he might not know" Mr. Jones's servants
had slept in a room over their master's. My husband
was then in the stable. Defendant said again, "If you
will keep your counsel ni make your fortune—lll
make your fortune, by I cur down stairs, and
then went into Mrs. Porter's room. She was in bed;
my attention was directed to the lock of the door. The
catch where the lock went was broken out, and the
wood in the screw. The door was ill locked, and I un-
lotked it. The bed appeared very much tumbled; Mrs.
P.'s appearance was vet y sorry. I went into her room
a second time, she called me. When I left Mrs. Por
minter's the first time, 1 went into defendant's parlour ;
he was dressing ' his bed had not beds slept in. I was
going to get his breakfast, but he said, " I shall take
no breakfast to-day." He then went into her bed.
room. He then came to my room doors and mid, 44 Now,
Slade, you must keep yorir counsel, it is not her fault ; her.
husband was away, and the did not know-where he was.".
I said, " Not know where he was? I am certain the
does. it is no reason for her to be great with smother:
man whilst het husband is away for a week or two."
He said, " No, I don't know that these was ; but it War
my fault ; I broke open her-door upon her, and took the
keys from the kitchen door on purpose." I said, "

• • • 4101•11111,-.4-r-,:- ••••••••14-••••!•••-•

4 '"

~.r".~

Otitis+ knew it, he *mild kill hit wire, an ruin fte4:4
• He said 44 Pooh! all. about that; that I don't mind a.
straw: I have more mOmry thin laiin, t Plenty of
Motley." Then he Seemed adisry with me, and turned
himself, and went into the stable. Neither of the keys
of the comrnunlcpting doors were in on the 9th of
November. Mr. Jones welt away about seven, and did
not4;rrn for. three weeks. When I found 'the doors
opemil, I called my husband, before I lighted Jones's
fire; for I thought the house had been robbed. My
husband wend with Jones, to carry something for him
to the Wheataleilf. I called my husband before I heard
the noise over bead. I remember my master returning
from London on the 13th November.
By the Covar.—l did not tell my master anything that had
passed during ais'absanev; I did not communicate it to him till the
ath issuer,.
Other witnesses were examined, who deposed to similar facts.
John Krewse sworn.--I live at Procne; lam a clerk
to Mr. Wickham, the attorney. I have often heard Por-
ter use very low, obscene, and beastly expressions, with
regard to his connexions with other women, in London
and elsewhere, in the presence of his wife. Mrs. Porter
has remained in the room, and has not seemed dis-
pleased. I have heard him sing songs of a particular
description before his wife ; I have heard him sing these
songs on a Sabbath day, when I was in the street. loud
enough for me to hear. Oil Tuesday, the 29th April, I
saw John Miles, of Mr. Wickham's office, forter, his,
wife, and my wife together; Miles's was not there, she,
was ill. Miles and I went to Porter's to leave a c•at.
I lived on Kaford Terrace, seven doors above Porter's.
Porter was not at home. Miles .then went with me to
my house till nine o'clock ; we th . went out and met
plaintiff. Porter asked as to ge h me with him and
eillt
take some cider? Miles refused, says g his wife was ill,
He then asked us to go to the Unicorn ? where he said
he had been playing at skittles all the evening. We at,
last went to Porter's and supped; after supper my wife
came in, just as pipes and cider were introduced. Por-
ter then asked me how many children my brother Harry
had, and asked me how many children I had got ? He.
then turned to Miles, and said—" Here is Miles, who
has been married so many years, and has got none, and
lam in the same predicament." Miles said to Porter,
" You have sot been married long enough, there is no
time lost for you yet." Porter said, " Suppose you and
I change wives, Miles?" I then related a story of two
brothers in Dorsetshire marrying two sisters, and nei-
ther of them having children they agreed to change
'wives. At the end of the twelve months they each had
issue, and the women would not go back to their
lawful husbands. Porter then took up his hat, and
said he would go to Miles's wife ; but he turned
round, and said—" Oh ! let us have it in writing"—
and he went into his office, and brought the paper.
Miles said there was no occasion for writing. Porter said, " Dame
it, are you jealous ; can't you take a joke r Miles said be could
take a joke ; and if it was so meant he would write something.
Miles wrote something that Porter did not like, and which he tore.
He then put a piece of paper before Mlles, and mid *ale 'write
to his wife " admit the bearer to year ba ;" to which Miles, of
his own accord, added, "if agreeable." Porter then took Me
bat, and said, "I am now of Ile wear away, but rowraalled
said to meaad my wife, " Yoe had better go biome, and &so Awe
itling to his .
In of
wife) and Mr. Muss pto maybed rimes"
then i
between Mlles end myself, I went se leek ler rosier mar :ad
door areppodoi he was only carrying ms a Jae to phase his ale, bet
Imposes at use door. In aka \Wan hour Poneressie bed rub-
bly op ills bait, sad out of bresthosylog he beg bees to bed ee Mrs.
ft:Oa sty saying it was sit aaanaose, be said, .1 rn be 411—d if
me," and pointed to his mat, which was covered with Sot.
We eel/ bins it was all lies, and in a few minutes we pasted. Miles
esineto me Next morning, sad made a complelot to me. As soon'
as Miles left use, I seat for the plight mid ached him how he
mold sent Miles's wife as be bad done ? she was IS, and be had
dew a very serious injury to her. He said, " damn it. I always
like to have my larks out, and I would serve any other man's wife
the same," and that he had Miles's authority far so defog. I told
him it was only intended for a joke, and It was shameful misdeal ;
and added. suppose Miles had served your wife so? He said
" Miles was a damned fool for not doing so, as he went away on
purpose." I asked to see the paper, but be said he would keep it
to produce against Miles, if he should do anything ahem* *hat
passed the night before. Mrs. Miles was very ill at the time.
Mrs. Sarah Miles sworn—l know Porter. I remember, in April,
11143, late at night, he nose to our house. I was la bed in • state
of illness. It was between nine and ten. He opened the frost door,
and said, " Halloo! Mrs. Miles." He said, " Yoe don't know who
lam r I said, "It is Porter." He came through the house, up
stairs, and opened my bed-room door. He said, be was sent there
to go to bed to me, and be endeavoured to form himself into bed
to me; I screamed out, and be said," 1:3-4 d—n your great mouth,
wkat do yon cry in that way for r I screamed as loud is I could,
and be attempted to go oat. I had a light in the nee, waiting for
my husband; but when I beard it was not my lhodies4, I put the
light out. When he got to the door, to go dews, he asked me to
strike a light, for be would nut be able to bad ble way down stairs.
I said, I did not care, and I hoped be would Walt his Deck down
stairs. He was forcing his way Into bed to me for twenty minutes.
I was much worse afterwards; and I have ryes: been well since.

Crom-eramined.—l am 2$ y-
ea rof age. I had seen Porter once
before. My husband bas net prosecuted this man for the injury I
have suffered. My husband is 25 years old.
John Nieolls sworn.—l am bailiff to Mr. Jones. Some time in
May, 1121, Porter applied for the workshop and house at Kaford.
He said he could net pay the rem without he could get a lodger ;
such a lodger as the " Squire," to make the rent come easy. H.
said be thought if he bad the Squire he would suckeld him. Porter
offered his wife as servant, but Mr. Jones on going to the house de-
dined that offer.
• John Miles recalled.—By the Comm—My wife did not go to
bed before I came home. I never had the door left open for me
but that night. There was no light in my wife's room when I get
home. I have not prosecuted Porter for what occurred that even-
ins. I consulted an attorney. and the result it I refused to pto-
*mute. Porter's wife saw the paper I wrote to my wife.
William Stiles AUwood.—l know Porter, and remember Bias's
wife being unwelL Mrs. ass is Poster's sister. He was told hit
sister was ill.—(The witness here related an obscene eapressien of
the plaintiff, on hearing this fact, in presence of his wife).
Cross-exansined.—l have .had a quarrel with Porter last May.
He threatened to put me into the dark house, but that was all no.
thing. I thought he interfered in a matter improperly.
Mr. Setjesnt Pau. replied for the plaintiff, at peat builds, mid
Mr. Baron Gassow having summed up,
The .7ory retired from their boa. They were absent opitrards of
In hour; when they came into Court, they returned a verdict fee the
plaintiff—Damages, Ow Partial*
This ease excited Lawless interest in the County of Smassist.
The trial lasted from eight in the morning till seven in the eyeing,
and the Court was crowded to suffocation the whole of the time.

MOLD, SEPTEMBER i.
ken/ Maass, widow, a tespectable-loolting woman was plated
at the bar, charged with having felooiewly stolen a black gelding,
valued at £lO. and upwards, on the 13th of July last, the property
of Edward Sheens, in the parish of Mold.
Mr. Hitt., stated the facts of the case, and alter Sawa ealasawsb
upon the singularity of a woman being, perhaps Sir the Grit demi,
indicted for borse.stealinr, proceeded to cell witnesses.
The prisoner made no defence.
The Cuter Jams summed up, add the Tory returned a terdlct
of Guilty.
On bearing this verdict, the unfortunate woman fel isms Wawa
hysterics, loudly imdainsing that she was hutment, and bombe
holm. She soca stivooned.away in the arms of the gaoler, feebly
uttering •' My children, my children." On her recovery, ihe was
informed by the Court that her life Would be opered,.sod Oat the
would be recommended to the Crwsna for the. menden of soda
mercy is the circumstance, of thesase.would admit. This agree-
able intelligence calmed her considerably, but on the Clerk of the
Coon asking her "what she bid to say why judgment of death
abookinet be passed Upon her?" thinking that the Omit had changed
its *Won, the same tragic stew was repeated. Both the Court
and the audience were sensibly Acted by this 'Cent.
In a Tillage eattentrda:Brlghton, the chnrchwardee
is a pat roma tumble to read or write !

• -.6"."at •
p•••••A: ••••••••••

~,...~'w.►,,

EVOLISk OPERA HOUSE.

Altai ism* had a new Monica! Drama were pt
dm*" active Theatre tot night, and bulb sot-
carded. The Itrc. *at= ionithen hnikit
and.the incidents**. to display the ski tassel;
int
jciiitas of n thorniikh-bresi Ytkgninin:
it lode Livetplool witli a negro wrist, wtoSi is
tilers to es intetains from his Agent there 6 letter at kw&
duties to an Akkareapnic sett qt citizen, tuittarmitbsollesu
Me in Slit.liaais.o. While at U •
wick lib negro, sad, according to American noels. belt
ears mandly. The isadMiti al the inn, beefed el the cesetablo tee-
ing *bet amuse& wallommelowl. forms WS a sown opinissn,el
jusathave aid his ma, nod turns them both oat of his home.—
Isomfaun, wbQ, like al snoilot a travellers, carries s noteSook shim
him—enters'dorn a drat* aping the &gib\ Conellitstion, which
could not he one td liberty, slime it woold not perish hint us beet
his negro after his amid habit. He then and. limbo is rusher
hotel. of rather an inferiorigreat, as be would" call it ; whets as
lodged a certain Natty str, who hippo& its have a letter
bins as a pestiNinn to the same worthy drisett en
whom dionetams's bust is dittoed. His room is sisnated beet she
larder, and Astir meditating an smack epic a round of beet, in the
middle of the night eaters Jonedien's room, is discovered, aid in
the confusion exchanges his letter for that of its American. Both
arrive in town, and the esieivoqee arising Arm Me deliwity of the
letters afar& Ssotho* many oppormakies flu renting Ye fiery
spirit. This negro, meanwhile, is issfetmed that by pita* his
foot on oar shores, he is free, aid being asked whit Irreales eking ?
be says, " that he only beard the muse in Miseries. bit dolt he
round its practice here." At ibis Xis INN wm dellgistodonasinagi
be did applaud somewhat obstreperously, yet be wait perhaps not
akogetber wrong, for the slavery of a man in America wady be-
cause the sun has tinged the Colour ol kis compkilim, is a strange
atimialy in any Ounuy itself a Re¢ igkediews was
himself the Jessethess, and a more perfect pokes* of dist isibstivo,
shep-bbsplas, pfdoisonceir, is would be Mope&
sibie to Osseo. Jest es the sinus that the antis eke shoot she let-
ters is discovered, heOrdy lights his seer in is friend's drawing-
room, when an eitplo 'takes 'pike, and is bin Is Mims 'et his
head into the de.
The -character of Akamougnos, the Negro, was ad-
mirably played by SwiltAts ; and these was some good
singing by Miu HotnEwontn and Mr. gROMMURST.
The Piece went 'off in a lively Manner, and was com-
pletely successful,
The second novelty was The Rote* Lake. The afar;
is short-

The datribter df the Grath! Doke of Alibis Elam 'her had
secretly to a yaws( Came of Wm fedier's Qom- While is her
chatiber, woe Wight, the lake !trickd is trews over, and the las&
scape mantled with stsew. HIVI ire his thews* is gang sway en
be •cettcealed? A ceedidente prorates a dodge, In /Molt\ Ilbe Cant
Is drawn off by the Prieweee 'add I.llocialld. Met • ;bet are siim •
covered, and her father, after a most pathetic teener tertian the
bride and the audience by Announcing. list the omit le hie sea,
" Your sea !" exclaims the t 'Amen With berm 1.14:‘ Yes: &remissly,
my son, beausche is your busbedd I" Al teen 14 dried sway,
and the happiness of the yohng people is eenspkth

There-ire some Well-;viosight scenes in this piece,
which was highly successful. the okavacter of De
Nembottri is exceedingly well drawn and etnally well
performed by WICINCM. Miss Nolo. aad MIN PIRAIMAX
sang some very charming songs, and the whole amok
reflects great credit on the 'composers, iambus !logy'
and Worsen.
.The Musical #arce or 1,111-ir Miss followed, with
MATNIWZ as Dick Ceer in which heisteedeoed MOW
new prigs. fie was: life ind soul at the piece, and
kept It up with great visit. MrAlsswita was an ex-
cellent J:rry Blossom.

SPORTING I4V ELLIGENCE.

BASlNcethis BACHS.-41terwrien. 3.
me Rockwood Staked ofdss each, with W. added, for ail ages,
was *oak in two Math, by Hr. Psirsairs Below beading Lora Dai-
ses's Opepherd, th
Jiesg Doke Hichasosers b. 1. Spree, and Mr. Fle-
aabOb: f. Miss .
ne Haodicap Stilt& or tailb toe. each, add eitta, to which VI
were added by the tolra or ilinsiTuade beaks, twice reload the
Cuero l was won by Mr. Haightv ivoryßody. is three Motu,
beating the Duke of Hichtholbtrs I. t Sri' * anti Mr. V. Craven 'a
Naito, which got the lira beat, audit' vitamins the third, broke tits
pastern Mot in the Int roust—idle the favourite.
ASHDOWN ItACH/S-B*v. 2.
The Park Stakes of 10 sow. each, for hones not thorough-bred.
A two-odk heat.

Mr. Fergasaa's Brief
Mr. &des&les Juniper
Mr. Garth's Elora

started--tbe Maser the fasrourke.
Plate of Xso, Handiesp, for horses beaten as the preceding day
113 the Stakes.
Mr. Ws named Jezebel, iCtst. hlb. 1 I't
•
Capt. WUloisghb'f'S Jew, is*. elb.
Mr. Howard's Mirth, loSs. $
Mr. Meredith's Jasper boat Mr. Husermetes iiitily, S miles, 50 rev.
IRUNN 1 146 MATCH-1-FIRTIAN MILS&
Hulk a ctlebroad maser, jut lamported fears afie lkttirdeWe
Potteries, and Jetskiosaa, a acashire paissetias, seaweed at day-
break yesterday Over a three-stile piece d shawl, at Merest eash,
at Hookah on the Rapala all Cambridge rood, lor SOO we*.
ragas, and they perforated as follows s
Huss. ft s., Jolembross. as. r.
First three miles Is 1 hest dare Inks 17 89
Second . . 17 Se Snead . 18 4
. . IS 0 TI MM . IS I
Ronk . . is *4 Paoli . 15 2
Fifth ► . 11 16 VIM it 6
610=MMIP O.IM/IMMINM
00 39 111 19
GAME IP

'TING.

After the mach at !ipso% bums& the Ashman, the New Haas,
sod time Mideast Cobs ea Slooday, it has bees almwsly seemed,
that a sus& was made bermes /he Clob• that thretuicitad meres•
berm, er one froth ea& Mb, alwold, fur 400 sosetelgWesolaild ea
the Ist of &peaches, who Acid beg she gluons Warriber a tar.
whirrs and hares. The sessbers were:./.. open this occatims, Mean.
Moak (Hideous), Hawthorne- (Aibses), sad Nash, et Ott New
lime Club. Rich of these naanhers killed all tiseirpipeos (secs)
in the Club matches. It was agreed the the spans Audi tooled
twelve tedoelt, sod to dhow Mich a dugle barrelled 11111, call II:
companied by two ..spires bus the adverse partite' chock. 'farad,.
eotnnisonsseot of operates, testi epee at Doeumee, thew smiles.
fres Embus, Song, each taking differeot !arctic@ with lie
brace of dogs only. The result was as follows :
Bagged. P. sat ages. Hares. Ne. of Shies.
Meters. Maui* 51 star 0 is
...... Hamblen. es Ho / ss-
Nadi $4 IS 2 tie,,
By'
cadet
his Mr. Nash was met bi the MC
stir
with his cp and no streeves proof cam do
of birds. (Made Smith, the Haw& Umpire, who was Wilk .ilim
Mole, elates that the birds Lined wets one-third old eon, alhd:
I
r which the tired dogs, from the heat of the weather, could not sadly
get out of the standing cont.
THE RING.

The retorts of Gone Grow ham the Moth, mid hat suierinest
showing at the Castle, Holborn, have gigot' rim to hash spreads,
In the Fumy, and as the light betimes Selma and Lapps is sow
supposed to be out of the question, by slither the atter, nor
his [randy, appearing to tsiake the stipulated depodt, Caopir,
it is said, will declare himself a eandidale for the gamut
Championship. though vanquished by the rice powerful 03
the beast of Erin, Donelly, and the almost invincible Gas. inn
conquests over the three sable homes, Holiness, Robinson, and
Kendrick, sad his defeats ot Jay, Lenester, and Shelton, rank him
high in the mils& lot, while his strength, science, and well-pre.
served oidadadidn, reader him to any one a formid;bie antagonist.
Moroi.' amiantus have arrived in the Kaat of the in Welds sod
comities of Jan Ward, who had promised to turn over s sew leaf.
Two fresh bottles are spoken of in the arm of " Savage Brothers,"
iw of the successful attempt of the junior Partner ea
W+dlusa rat hi Hampstead-fields; and the friends of Canon
have arrived bt town with the situ t, declaring, that whatever report
may be made so the, tsak side, in regard to their bets, they feel so
inclinadno to be Set
I'HDF.STBIANIS
Lloyd, the pedestrian, closed his match of 44 miles per day, for
an successive days, beehgasetls. on Thursday even*, at hue
misuses to eleven, much iatigued. The pedestrian was allowed bs
IS hoses to each day, and seldom started before sir in the moreddif.
This sapectedented match kb performed one hour and live shmifoo
wields his ti• ote.—b Lloyd a imp-maker ? r
•
• • •

~~~

• .• Att.) p i
•

elm aphis s or, the Printer's ra:trudors ineinding an
disennt of ths Origin 41:Printing, with r sograpkita
- 'Notion ofihe Printers of i from Caxton to
dose of the Sixteenth Ceaterrl a Series of Ancient
lidern diplakti Wornerday Characters :
~2res ip:Alliadge4l' if ever! Subject ammeded
. Me. Art: By J.JoHstsott, Meter. 2 vols. 18mo.
'it 1388. •
74.40:p1e, as the foreigng tan' Uppears to be, it conveys
hot a eary faint idea of • the variety presented id these
sing :dilly curious volumes, and a still more imperfect
ol4Ofthe fulness of the information which the work
pr*e ntied the various subjects which it embraces. The
ts may Woes many. to imagine that it is more calcu-
lated to interest the profession exclusively than the pub-
lic genetelly, but those who have examined the work
have rime to a 'different conclusion. Even. those
pirticulars whick may time considered as of a profes-
sional character present much interesting information;
and *e'en' such' as are more particularly attached to
•sinrk:pf,intiquitY and the, products of ancient lore they
walohere /inert will* a rich repast.
•The work aboandein .woodcuts, some of them ex-
tremely furious, and 'others highly valuable as works
(Tart : and the. finer- copies' in Twelves and Octavo—
for it is minted-or; three kinds of paper—with borders
round the page% of which the impressions are very,
li-
mitedt may be ceesidered one.of the most singular pro-
dnctionsthat bas issued from the press in this or any
country, The fine copies in particular will soon be
great rarities, as but few collectors of Typography will
allow such curiosity to escape them.
We present the following extract, taken without any
patticular selection, as a specimen of the author's style
and the minutenessof research which pervades his pages.
CELTIC I#ANGUAGES.
AVIC4IIO...The descendants of the ancient Celts were
tho..aboriginai inhabitants' of Gaul and Britain; but
th'e name more properly belonged to certain of the
(lanks,'wito resided in a district situate between the
§clut tbit tstaraeg and the Garonne, which was deno.
rdiHated Gallia Celtic*. The Celts and Scythian: were
both' descended from Gamer, the eldest son of Japhet,
seiro, its some have assumed, was the eldest son of Noah ;
and' of their early settlement in Europe we have
alresedy given some notice at page 448, ante. The ge-
nerations of Gamer, • were soon divided into several
nationV, bearing peculiar names; as the Gomro Or
Cymro, the issue of Gotner ; the Galatians-or Gaols,sso
called from *hi redness of their hair ; and the Cokes,
which inatoiels supposed to have been taken from.
()reek word Keletai, osed by: Homer and Pinder
signify Horsemen. Clitverios makes the Celtic

to comprise the regions of Illyria, Germany, Gallia,
Spain, and the Britannic and other Northern Isles; and
he states that they all spake the same language. A
host of historians might be quoted tp prove that this
was the Gomeraeg, or Language of Gomer, which is
almost the same as that still preserved by the Welsh ;
but which, front its extent, became parted into a great
variety of dialects. each earing the indubitable marks
of its descent. That the Goreemeg still retains the
Hebrew tongue in very astonishing purity, may be seen
in Charles Edwards' very learned publication, entitledi
Hebraisnaormm Cantoro•Britannicaruis Specimen. Osf.
1675. 4to. where may be seen a considerable number
of phrase* taken out of the Old Testament Hebrew,
opposed to those in the Welsh tongue,. and the likeness
is so strong, that it is evident they were once the same,
varied only by the accidents of time and place. These
and other particulars, however, the Reader will find
discussed more extensively in Paralkiliensus d cone&
Penile duodecins linguarern ex metrics Serho-Celtica
Europa. VVittemb. 1697. 4to. Antiquities de la Nation
d deta Longue des belies, by P. Perron. Par. 1703. Bvo.
Araliseokigie Britanniea, by Edw. Lhuyd. Oaf. 1707.
Fol. An &soy toward, a British Etrnologicon' by Dr.
Parry. 'Oaf. 1707. Folio. Literator Celia, by V. E.
Loescterus. Leips. 1726. Bvo. Mentoire sur In. Langue
Catique,, by M. .Bullet. Besancon. 1754.60. Ful. 3
Vols. See also the authorities cited in The Universal
History, tincient part; vol. vi. pp. 6,7, 30 : and for ini-
tiatory works for the different branches of the Celtic
tongue, ride that article its Marsden's Catalogue of
Grammars, lye. already eeferred to. The primitive
letters of the Welsh, says Dr. Fry, Pant, p. 305, formed
an alphabet of sixteen radical characters and powers„
and twenty-four secondary ones: and it was anciently
known tinder the name of Coelbreu y Beira, the Billet
of Signs of the Bards, or the Bardic Alphabet. Their
original mannei of writing was by cutting the letters
with a *Rife upon sticks, which were most commonly
squared,and sometimes formed into three sides ; conse-
quently, a single stick contained either four or three
lines. Thus in Ezek. excel 16. 44 Moreover, thou son
of man, take thee one stick, and write upon it, For
Judahivand for the children of Israel his companions:
then take another -stick, aid write upon it, For Joseph,
the stick of Ephraim, and for all the house of Israel his
compactions."
'The squares were used for general sub-
jects, and for stanzas of four lines in poetry; the trila-
teral ones were adapted to triades, and for a peculiar
kind of ancient metre, called Triban and Englyn Mil-
eir. or triplet, and the Warrior's Verse. Several sticks,
with writing *pen them, were put together, forming
a kind of frame, which was called Pe:thy:en, or Elu-
cidator ; and was so constructed, that each stick might
be turned fur the facility of reading ' • the end of each
ruining out alternately on both sides of the frame. See
also the introductory chapters to A Dictionary of the
Welsh Language eaplained in English, by W. Owen,l
F.A.S. Lon d. 1803. Bvo. 2 Vols.
GAEL/C.—The Gaelic, or Erse tongue, is the name of
that dialect of the ancient Celtic which is spoken in
the Scottish Highlands ; and of the derivation of the
word Gaelic, Gealic, Gallic, or Gaulic, we bare already
spoken. As a language, it possesses but two genders ;
and its nouns are like those of the Hebrew, varied by
their prefixes, and not by their terminations. Of the
old alphabet no trams remain, but Mr. Astle has en-
graven specimens from several Gaelic manuscripts,
from the ninth or tenth century down to the fifteenth,
which are written in the Anglo-Sazon characters of the
various periods. Notwithstanding the acknowledged
antiquity of the Gaelic, the translation of the Scrip.
tares into it is but a recent work; yet the language is
far from being on the decline, as it is regularly taught
and frequently spoken even in the metropolis of Eng-
land. Two excellent works on this dialect of the Celtic,
are An Analysis of the Galic language. &lin. 1718. Bvo.
and A Galic and English Dictionary. Loud. 4780. 2
Volt. 4to. both by W. Shaw.

7 t' -
, „

taisn.74 'natal Valiancy, In his grahisikVeilie
Irish toxghe. Dublin. 1782. Bto. considers thli tpet..*ea
have been a Psinic•Celtie coMpouna ;.and that tablad
was once inhabited by a colony of Scythian!, *filth ha+
originally emigrated from the borders
and Caspian Seas to Spain • that they were litterncticl
i 3 the letters and arts of the Phtenlcians, difd' drat
finally. they settled in Ireland, about 1000, oiPlihips
only 600 years B.C. carrying with them 'their Othr.ele•
mentary characters. As the ancient Irish atilfribet,
however, differs from that of any other nation, Bak 6e-
neral farther supposes, that it might have been dived'
from a colony of the Carthageniats, which also leilled!
is their country, *Out six hundred years:previoni to
the Birth of Calm. Some of the native Irish histo.
rians have adopted hypotheses concerning the evipin
Hof their nation, language, and letters; which ate earns.
vagant in the extreme. Thus the antiquity of 'the
former has been endeavoured to be magnified by a jab.'
cation from a volume, entitled Let/Muir Drootottsnoehlit,
or the Book with the &kite Cover; which states, that t'

three daughters of Cain took possession of Ireland, and
that the eldest, who was called Bamba, gave her name
to it. Dr. Parsons, in his Remains of Japhet. Lond.
4767. 4to. relates that Leland was inhabited about three
hundred years after the Flood ; and Dr. Keating, in his
General History of Ireland. Lond. 1738. Folic'', makes
ate Partholanus, a Giant, who had descended in a right
line from Japhet, to have first landed on the coast of
Munster, on May the 14th, in the year of the world
1978. Concerning the language, equally improbable
legends have been brought forward ; for some have
written that Fenius Farsaidh, or Finiusa Farsa, a great '
11
grandson of Japhet, established a schoOl on the plainH
of Shiner, where he invented the Hebrew, Greek, Latin,
and Irish characters. More of these wild traditions will
be found in the authors already referred and in
Ogygia : sear Rerun: Hibernicarunr Chroturlogia, by R.
anaherty. Lond. 1685. Fol. and A History of Ire-
land, by S. O'Halloran. Dublin. 1803. Bvo, 3 Vols.
In speaking of Irish manuscripts, Dr. Keating states,
that the Psalter of Tara was written about 972 years
before the Birth of CHRIST; and there is an ancient al-
phabet, called an Irish one, now mina, which is said
to have derived its title of Babeloth, from the names of
certain persons who assisted in forming the Japhetian
language. Mr. Astle, however, following Dr. Whit-
taker, asserts that 101 the Irish characters were of Roman
origin, derived either from Britain, or from the Nor.
them nations ; and he also states, that he never met
with an Irish manuscript of a greater age than the tenth
century. To prove that the inhabitants of Ireland in
this manner received their letters, he adduces their stone
monuments, their coins, their manuscripts, and the
works of their historians ; and all these arrive at the
same conclusion. Such monuments as bore inscrip.
tions, even the most ancient, were marked with letters
which-were evidently of !totem, and Roman. British
formation; added to which, there were none of suck
great antiquity, as to have been engraven before the in.l
tercourse of the jrish with the British. They prove,,,
however, the use of letters previous to the arrival of St.
Patrick in Hibernia, A.D. 430; but the Caledonians,
who also used the Roman letters, had probably im-
parted them by that easy intercourse which they could
carry on with Ireland, between Port Patrick and Car-
rickfergus. Sir James Ware, in his Works concerning
Ireland. Dublin. 1714.2 Vols. Fol. remarks, that there
were not any coins struck in that country, excepting those
by the Saxon and Danish Kings, until the twelfth cen-
tury ; previous to which, he proves, from the Annals of
Ulster, that gold and silver were paid and reckoned by
weight. The forms of the native Irish letters, however,
as used at the present time, may be seen in the follow.
ing specimen*, and they bear evidence in themselves of
anis. British original; but, says Mr. Innes, in his Essay
on the Antiquities of Scotland and Ireland, the Beth-
Leuis-Nion, or Alphabet of the Irish, is nothing but an
invention of the Seanachies ; who, since they received
the use of letters, put the Latin Alphabet into a new
arbitrary order, and assigned to each character the
name of some tree.
• The specimen referred to we have not the means of laying be-
fore our Readers.

The small-pox has lately made considerable ravages
in H4mburgh, in consequence of which, and to encou-
rage as much as possible the practice of vaccination,the
Council of Health, and other Authorities, have put forth
the followingOrdonnances--1 st,That every orphan who
has not received the cow-pox be immediately vaccinated.
2d, That no individual shall receive alms at the Estab-
lishment for the Poor, unless he can prove that not only
he, but his family, has been vaccinated. 3d, That no
child shall be admitted into any of the free schools, un-
less he or she has been vaccinated. 4th, That no one be
permitted to form part of the garrison, or act as watch-
man, unless he can produce acertificate to the same effect.

The works of the new church at Brighton are pro-
reeding very rapidly, and the building begins to assume
an'appearance that warrants us in saying it will he one
of the noblest edifices in the kingdom. The walls are
now upwards of 20 feet high, and the arcade is com-
menced, the plinth and surbace being already set. Se-
veral of the doors and windows are in a forward state,
and the Gothic tracery work has a beautiful and ma-
jestic appearance; the tower is also in progress.
At Magdeburg a very strange report is in circulation,
that a young Duke had had a duel, and run the son of
it Prince, at Naples, through the body, and then disap-
peared ; others say he has embarked for Greece ; and
according to others, he has been seized by banditti, who
demand 300,000 scudi for his ransom.
Two young Greeks, one 17, the other 18 years old,
have been taken prisoners by au independent Pacha of
the Barbary coast, es they were proceeding to the Le-
vant to their family. They were instantly ordered to
change their religion, or prepare for death ;• but they
were not long in making the latter alternative their
choice. The Pacha, however, spared their lives, on con-
dition that in a space of time,which has now nearly ex-
pired, they would pay a ransom of 20,000 piastres.—
Subscriptions are making for these young martyrs at
Rome and Paris.
In consequence of the numerous arrivals of vessels at
Milford, with foul bills of health, principally with cot-
ton wool from Alexandria, in the course of a few days
not less than 10,000 tens of shipping, chiefly from Wa-
terford, will be employed in airing their cargoes.
A child, belonging to James Cain, cotton-spinner,
Calton, who was stolen some time ago, as formerly mentioned, was
on Thursday last found lying on the publie road, against the lletanie
Garden wall. It wen carried to the Town's Hospital, and soon after
recognised by the afflicted parents. A Correspondent suggests, as
a mean of detecting the perpetrator of this unfeeling deed, that the
child should, on two Wednesdays and tww&turdays, be exposed at
the Bazaar, exactly in the dress he were when stolen, by which
means there is a probability, that the unnatural master might be
found out, as, no doubt, she would be strolling about the town and
country as a• begpr„,with• the child in her arms.,.-Gfmgett, Courier.

t. v

~.;.~

bßZ4btpt.AcC/DEATT-
The following is Mr. Galloway's accOunt if a dread-
kfol accident which happened yesterday, at his engine
manufactory, West-street
TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
Saw—To prevent any misrepresentation of a eetioni accident that
deserved /his afternoon, about six o'clock, in a new building erect.
be adjoining to mg, manufactory, I will thank you to commenicate
foibwing statement to the public :—lt appears that one of the
timber, brans which tied the south and north walls together above
the Ant floor, preparatory to the Sling of the roof, was, by the
thoughtless conduct of we of the men employed on the buildings
either broken or dhpbeed, is isonsequence of which a portion at
the walls fell inward; and carried down lye of the girders, which,
in their fall, have done considerable dealer bt the shape of property,
but which I consider of bib hipentbse esimpared with the loss of
the lives of two of the workmen, and sib the wounding of six
others, who were, by the motive mortises or the workmen in the
manufactory, promptly esseicsted from their perilous situations, and
immediately conveyed to at. Bartheismew's Hospital, where, I am
happy in saying, the sufferers received the most humane attention.
I am, Sir, your's respectfully, - ALEX. GALLOWAY.

THE THEATRES IN THE LAST CENTURY.

About the year 1730, Covent-Garden and its neigh-
bourhood was the scene of much dissipation. It was
surrounded by Taverns and Night-houses, which were
much frequented by the Theatrical Wits of the day.
At most of the taverns there was an Ordinary, varying
in price from 6d. to Is. per head. Those at the latter
price consisted of two courses, and were frequented by
much good company. For Noblemen and Gentlemen
of rank there were private rooms, where much drink..
ing was occasionally indulged in. The butchers of
Clare-market, then a very numerous body, were staunch
friends to the Players, and the appearance of these for-
midable critics in the house, never failed to make *
serious impression on the rest of the audience. Macklin
belonged to a society called " The Walking Club,"
which used to hold a weekly dinner at St.. Alban's.
It consisted chiefly of the Members of both Theatres,
and one of the rules was, that they should never ride,
but walk the 20 miles to dinner, and the 20 miles back
again afterwards. Their meetings commenced in
Passion Week, and generally continued to the end of
the season. At this time the City and West-end of the
town kept at equal distances. No merchant scarcely
lived out of the former. His residence was attached to
his countinghouse, and his credit in a great rneasuto
depended upon that circumstance. Macklin used to say,
in the latter part of his life, that. he recollected the first
emigration of the Citizens. It occurred about-50 years
before the commencement of the present century, and at
first did not extend to a greater distance than Hatton-
garden ; and even this innovation was confined to men
who had secured large fortuoes, and whose credit was
established beyond the possibility of a doubt. The Law-
yers lived principally in the Inns of Court, or about West-
minster Hall ; and the Players all in the neighbotuhood
of the two Theatres. Quin, Booth, and Wilkes, lived
almost constantly in Bow-street; Colley Cibber in
Charles-street; Mrs. Pritchard and Billy Howard in
Henrietta-street; Garrick, a great part of his life, in
Southampton•street ; and the interior Players lodged in
Little Russell-street, Vinegar-yard, and the little courts
and streets about the Garden: So that all might be
mustered to rehearsal by beat of drum, as might be
said, and the expense of coach-hire be saved ; but now,
said the veteran, we are strangely altered, we are all
looking forward to squares and great streets, high
ground, and genteel neighbourhoods, no matter how
far distant from the Theatre, which should always
be the great Scene of business. The audience then had:
also their different situations, a vulgar person was
tcarcely ever seen in the pit, and very few females fre-
quented that part of the house. It was filled by young
Merchants of rising eminence; Banisters and Students
of the Inns of Court, who were generally well read in
Plays, and whose judgment was worth attending to.
There were very few disturbances in the house ; the
gravity and good sense of the pit not only kept the au-
dience in order, but the players also. Leak at the Pro-
logues since those days, and in times long before them ;
they all deprecate the judgment of the pit, where the Cr-
itics lay in knots, and whose favour was constantly
courted. None but people of independent fortune and
avowed rank ever presumed to go into the boxes; all
the lcwer part of the house was sacred to virtue and
decorum ; no man sat covered in a box, nor stood up
during the performance. The women of the town, who
frequented the Theatre, were then few in number, ex-
cept in the galleries ; and those few occupied two or
three upper boxes on each side of the house. Their sta.
tion was assigned to them, and the men who chose to
go and bedimage with them, did it at the peril of their
chaiacter. No boots admitted in the days of Mr.-Mack-
lin ? No box-lobby loungers ?—" No, Sir," exclaimed
the veteran, " neither boots, spurs, nor horses." We
were too attentive to the cunning of the scene to be in-
terrupted, and no intrusion of this kind would be tole-
rated. But to.do those days common justice, the evil
did not exist. Rakes and puppies found another stage,
on which to exhibit their vices and follies, than a pub-
lic Theatre.

POLICE INI'ELLIGENCE.
MANSION-HOUSE.
Yesterday, a lad.absut 19-years of age, named Arde's, was
brought before the Loan Maros, charged with haying robbed his
employers, Messrs. Kemal-thy and Soh, of Ironmonger-lane, of
bills and ther seeuritivt, to the amount of above 5001.
Mr. Kenworthy's "Solicit* statsd, that the prosecutor was not
now in town,-aud the wispier pas remanded.

An old seaman, who liairbsen a very bard fighter, but is now
*belted, and is subject to clumsiest fits of passion in consequence
of a severe wound in the head, applied to the LORD MAYO& for a
pair of breeches and shoes. He has been annually in the habit of
asking the favour and receiving it ' • but this visit was quite unez-
pectedt as hthad called at the Mansion-bottee six months before.
The. chjef clerk asked, kiss why be did not divide his visite as be
used, betweed the West-end and the East?
" Because," addle, " Lord Castlereagh, who used to supply me,
dead,
is md thePince Regent is turned Zing, and I ant now afraid
to break Ms windows; but when bewail Regent, I knew him too
well to think anything about his anger."
The Loma Moyoa—What have you been doing since I saw you?
Sailor—l have been amusing myself at York.
The LORD Maws.-In what manner.
Sailor—Begglng,.my Lord—begging.
The Loss MATORI am sorry to hear a man who hat fought so
hard for his cusuatry say that be is content to turn beggar.
Sailor—What would you have me do?--I can't get work—l moat
beg. What brings me here now but to big ?
MIS LORD Awes.- Wall, you shall succeed for once. You shall
have a pair of shoes and a shilling.
Sailor—And a pair of breeches too?
The Loma Alavoa--No, no; I can't give breeches. Go to the
West-and of the town for them.
Sailor (looking at his breeches)lfou wouldn't have me go to
vita at the other end in such a shabby state ?
The Loss Mateo-T.Yon meat net beg in the City.
Seiler—l'll tell yoo what do, my Lord. It was formerk the
.ease that the Lord Mayor seed to have his fool as well as the irg ;
ettw Fft nvverbeg aide Ryes take me as your fool.
. The Loa* Mi.seep.-My poor fellow, the Lord Mayors of these
days don't want fools. They perform all the duties of that character
themselves; at loft as far as my observatior z.q-.?

• 7.
I Sailor—God knows that ilrikibe testi* t haves Sprsed 'it it new
I for the situation.
Mr. nobler mentioned that the seaman had been a very vivito
fellow, and never was known to have committed a dishonest action.
He *mowed but seldom at the Mansion House, and seldom rt.
gushed anything but a pail of shoes, which the Chief Magierat
always gave to him. Ilk was known, upon being refused e
•
treatment at Carlos House, to break the windows, and to pay she
hheis c7n,plPairnt.:
unle sort of compliment to Lord Castiereaghl house in Se..
James's-square.
The Loeb Marok, in consideration of his services end stanch or.
tiered that he should have the breeches as well as the *hoes.
BOW-STREET.
The person named Neut.*, the proprietor of an office for hider
servante, was brought up fetinethe watt:biome, and charged wadiforcibly entering Is OWII MOM, and carrying off acme furniture that
Thisenhotargienqoufiareminatno:natenrid entering
mwasises,undtheer eMsenagistitracmte. could
was dismissed.
Shortly afterwards, Mr. Newton entered the office, and con...
plained that he bad been turned into the street. Mr. [lett,
".
posed that they had got possession, and did not wish to give it up -
Newton wished to know if he might not use force to obtain an..Z.
trance?—Mr. Hates said, on that point be should not advise him or
any other person ; but if the persons holdhig possession had drye
wrong, the better way would be to apply to an Attorney..—s„.
ton then inquired if he could not have a warrant and on being re.
fused, he walked away.
HATTON-GA RDElts
Yesterday Ames &vacant (whose chin was bo disgrace to Fos
name) was brought up by John Halt, erstdbliouse-keeper on the
Foundling Rotate, charged with a premature display of his talents
on Thursday night, in the neighbourhood of Brunswick-square.
Several watchmen deposed that at a late hour on Thursday night
the defendant took by sorprise the inhabitants (who were not pre-
pared for the appearaace of Rithord), aSd la a inc tone of voice.
delie.ately attenuated by those experienced modulators, Hodges and
Co. vociferated," I know T yeas drunk, but ' Richard's himself
again.'" Though he delivered this expression with great emph tsis
and truth, the inhabitants nee the more alarmed at hearing that
he was recovering inighsal character, and accordingly besonglit
die anathema to gleastikeiraid in keeping him in kis disguised stue.
Their efforts west, howeter, totally unavailing for more than three
quarters of an beets. they, however, triumphed ultimately, but nut
without receivingnsimpatfitirreserved marks of his powers.
The prisoner, who rater) novelly represented the crook-backed
tyrant, as he was nearly eaten feet high and of athletic appearance,
stated in his defence that be was a fishmonger by trade ; /that that
was no interference to his profession of a play-actor ; he was en-
gaged to exhibit at Bartholomew Fair, and he was just preparing a
few recantatiou according to his agreement:
The Magistrate skewed on tittle respect and encouragement for
his dramatic talents, that he discharged the prisoner, advising him
to depend entirely on main; and as be was Wren feet high exhibit
himself as a giant.
MA IILBOR,OU G 11. STII CRT.
Mr. Hathaway, a hutches, residing in Southampton-terrace, wit
brought to the Office, upon a warrant, by Wales, the officer, charged
{with a desperate outrage sad mode. The warrant also included
a Mrs. White, who, by the bellowing statement, appeared to he the
principal in the transaction, bat the officer did not succeed in a'.7
Iprehending her.
Mrs. Haynes, a female sr extraordinary personal attractions, and
genteel manners, stated. that she resides at N 0.7, Southampton-
tertace and that iffir. Hathaway
.has but lately come to re,ide in
'that neigidionthaod, and on his doing so, solicited her custotr.';
which he ever *ince enjoyed. Some mtintbs ago a Gentleman,
whonkshe understood to be of great respectability, succeeded in
whining her affectiocts, and became a favoured visitor at her limve,
but whether he was a married or a single pan, she :fever knew, or
'rtook the trouble to inquire. On Saturday last, as she and her
friend were sitting in her parlour, between eight and nine o'clock,
taking their wine after dinner, a knock came to the street-door, and
it was no sooner opened than a Lady entered, and first taking the
precaution to lock the street-door inside, and put the key in her
pocket, she rushed into the parlour, and commenced smashing every
article of furniture—tables, chairs, looking-glasses, decanters, &c. at
the same time exclaiming that before she bopped she would )w,e
Witness's life' and that of beer own husband also, who, Mrs. Haynes
now, for the first time, learned bad been for so many months her
companion. The Lady announced her name to be White, and cor:
sequently the Gentleman most be Mr. White. The husband, as
soon as he could recover from his surprise (if anything could cur-
prise bins), laid hold on the wife and flowed her. Mrs. White
called" Murder !"—.a mob of.about one hundred persons collected
about the house' burst open the doomed windows, entered the
house, and ou bearing from Mrs. White her statement of griev-
ances, joined with her and proceeding over the Whole howl-,
=d every article in it, broke a valuable pfattoforte and
ieful guitar to pieces, carried away almost all her wearing ap-
parel, stole her reticule and some sovereigns in it, and no doutt
would, as they expressed a determination to do, have torn Mrs.
Haynes herself to pieces, bad she not, with great difficulty, clam-
bered over an adjoining well and taken shelter in a neighbour's
house, and Mr. White escaped from their fury in an equally mime-
lons way, with almost every stitch of clothes tomb from Ma back.
The charge against Mr. Hathaway was, that be was the ring-
leader of this outrageous attack upon the house, and vowed the de;
inaction of Mrs. Haynes herself.
Mr. Hathaway listened very coolly to this recital, and corrobo-
rated Mrs. Haynes's statement, but denied having taken a leading
part in the affray.
Several persons, neighbours, who entered the house at the same
time, confirmed the statement of Mr. Hathaway. '
Mr. Rot, the Magistrate, said, that under all the alessenstantes,
he did not consider Mr. Hathaway liable to be held to hail, and dis-
charged the warrant.

A few days ago the gaoler of Copar, Fife, found con-
cealed between the soles of a pair of shoes, which had
been brongnt for a man named Abraham Meharg or
Mliargitwo spring saws,with which he might in a short
time have effected his liberty by cutting the iron grating
of his cell.

The recent Works of THOW*2 LITTLE, Esq. on Love
and Beauty, Marring* and Ceklbsinss, are better cakelated for
bane and foreign trade then say whj have ever appeared. Their
light and elegant style, 4•4l4lllaines anecdotes of real life;
and illustrative plates, eosunind enylr popularity as has never hi-
therto been obtained. The Mentaits of that celebrated Toast,
Harriette Wilson, Lady Bertrkk's sister, written by herself, are in
the press, to thoosootourain of the lint circles of fashion. They
are published by Iltooloklo, No. Ey, Opera Colonnade.

•IL t_ • „MOM 01. 8
-go P ,‘' 15' I.‘
•_1 .
