. •
•

IMPORTANT SPANLcz DOCUMENTS.

ADDRESS FROM THE -OUNCIL OF LEON TO TAR
SPAT SH NATION.
BRAVE AND rAITHPUL SPANIARDS !
When are behold the great and noble resistance,
Nelda 4 at this moment opposed by the provinces of
Gallicia and Asturias, to the projects of the basest
and meet execrable of tyrants, it is impossible to be-
lieve Mit-that they must be seconded by all who, like
themselves, have a Sovereign to avenge, sacred rights
and a country to defend-
~Still, should any be re-
strained by fear ; should fail to concur in the
sentiment which calls them to arms against an un-
principled oppressor, it will sufficiently determine
them, ir we recall to their memory what Spain owes
to the virtnes, to the courage, to the heroism of Pe-
lage, to the valour and to the patriotism of Rodrign e
Diare de Bivar. These two great men, one from the
province of Asturias, the other from that of Castile,
were called forth at different epochas, but bath equally
difficult, each to preserve our country from a foreign
yoke.—To their characters, and to the, sentiments of
enthusiasm which they excited in every breast, does
Spain owe the glory and the happiness which she has
so long enjoyed.
Should the Government of Asturias discover that
any part of the inhabitants take up arms coldly or in-
differently in defence of the country, let it address to ,
them those sentiments which the immortal Pelage ad-
dressed to the citizens, to his brave companions in
arms, when a formidable and cruel enemy wished to
subjugate them to his power :
.. It is no longer time to deliberate," said this virtuous and cou-
rageous Spaniard, under circumstances nearly resembling the pre-
sent : " the nature of our cause, the situation of our affairs, and
those of the enemy, require promptitude and activity, and that
we should not waste our time in useless deliberation. We arm to
re-establish our altars, our religion, our glories, the liberty of our
children, of our friends, of our country ! to place in safety the ho-
nour and chastity of our wises—to rid ourselves of the yoke of a
conqueror, base as he is cruel, who has covered himself with our
spoils, and under vehoie dread dominion our lives could not boast
the secuilty of artnoment% Never opportunity occurred to tentpc
a most glorious caw-vise, this is the momfilt—this moment in
which we are assembled united, bound together by a chain 9f in-
terest, •tvbfch equally concerns all ! ltiAabifants of the mountains,
anti ye of the Tallies ! Hear our determination to arm, and join
yourselves to us. Those even, whom the love of tranquillity
bath hitherto deceived, and still retained among the Moors, 1
now behold ready to break their fetters, and join those who Is-
ten to accomplish the great purpose of their struggle. The Moors,
in short,nre occupied with great projects—but for us, necessity
should put an end to indecision, we have taken the first step, there
• is no longer time to retract : already they march against us—
while we hesitate to place ourselves in a disposition to drive the
enemy from our mountains, we ]]tall be surrounded, we shall
have no escape, and we are too gem in ntus'aei to subsist upon
the stinted produce of bare and sterile rocks.. Come on then—
GOD, whose cause we support against the enemies of his name
will fight for as while we fight for him, and the hand which has
punished us because we have forgotten him, will fortify our arms
in a war undertaken for the honour of his glory ! Let us put our
confidence in the invincible strength of the Ax.ationfv ; I will
lead you to battle—l will ever be the first, and will require of you
nothing but that of Thhich I will set yOu an example."
This harangue, so suitable to the occasion, pro-
duced then the same effect as it will produce to-day.'
At the voice of Pelage, all the Asturians took up
arms, each of them performed prodigies of valour—
Cantabria and GalEcia severally sent Deputies, pray-
ing to be admitted into the Confederation of Asturias
-=they' were received, their means united, and the
Moors were conquered.
Three hundred and thirty-nine years afterwards,
Spain had another defender—this was Rodrigue
Diare de Bivar, a fierce and noble Castilian 'of the
i city of Burgos. This virtuous citizen and gallant
warrior, burning with desire to secure the liberty of
his country, 'did-not hesitateto remonstrate with ani-
mation, in a Council where the King of Castile him-
/
, self presided. He said he was ashamed to deliberate
upon the pretentions of the Emperor Henry ll.—that
the independence of Spain was established above all
titles ! that base Spaniards alone could admit of its
being compromised • that it should be upheld even
at the expence of life, and that he would declare him-
self the enemy of that man who should advise the
King to tarnish its lustre I
It the Prince of the Pe**, instead of betraying NI
Sovereign and his Country, had had the foresight..the
loyalty, or the energy of the two great men we have,
just cited, the pretensions of Bonaparte, like those of
Henry, would have been received with indignation:
As the Moors were, under Philip, so the French would
have been expelled,and Spain would have been saved.
What has not hitherto been done, may yetbeatchieved ;
but for that purpose there must be unanimity among
principals, and a re-union, Wisely cpithined, of all our
forces and of all our means.
Without this concurrence to retain our country's
welfare, without the most resolute courage to drive
from her bosom a cruel and-perfidious enemy, like an
enslaved people, we shall lose our fleet, our arsenals
our army will be disbanded or sent into Germany, oust.
militia disarmed, our clergy despoiled and destroyed,
our churches pillaged, our altars profaned, the lands
of our grandees confiscated, our commerce ruined, our 1
possessions beyond sea no longer belonging to one
. capital ; the kingdom drained by enormous contribu-
. butions ; Spain, in short, happy and free under her
i Kings, will be reduced to the most frightful slavery.
To avoid calamities so dreadful, one only resource
' remains to us. It is to rally round the standard
1
which the provinces of Gallicia and'of Asturia have
raised, in defence of religion,
we of justice, and of honour
,our-
Children a our country ! will be worthy of
selves ; let us perpetuate the glory with which our
ancestors are coyered : great, like them, let us think
no sacrifice too inueli, when we have our liberties to
preserve, the massacre of our parents, or our friends,
to revenge, our wives and our children to defend. If,
to the shame of the Spanish Nation, there have been
found mend such enemies to themselves and to their
country, as to hasten to the- feet of the tyrant, and
prostitute before him their existence and their rights,
let us nevertheless hope, that the Chiefs of the Spanish
League will not, like Pelage, have to guard against
designs uch as those of the Archbishop of Seville,
who was base enough to betray his faith, his Gon,
his King, and his Country. . Let us endeavour to be-
tic. jieve, drat the great and laudable example which the
Bishops of Oviedo and of Compostella have afforded,
shall he followed, not only by all those in king-
i. dom,but likewise by every member of our respectable
I: Clergy, secular and regular, who are alike interested '
as the Ministers of Religion, and as good citizens, to
punish crime, to accelerate the triumph of virtue, and
to preserve Spain from the disgrace and oppression of
a foreige yoke I
, migneu by the Members of the Council at Leon May 17,1900.
a

PARLIAMENTARY Ps
HOUSE OF LORDS,
In the Committee of Privileges en the
Or Romburgb, Mi. Brougham was heaidt
Ker, and the Lotd Advocate of Scotland
nerd for the Crown. Further proceeduu
The Royal Assent was given by eons'
Exchequer Bills Bill, the Lottery Bill,
to, the American Trade Bill, the Brazil Yob,
Distillation Prevention 818, the Coffee Coition
Es ere Bill, the Westminster Improvements
'aid BM, Massey', Divorce Bill, and
public =drives, 41.
311401wimilliPaer• were, the Lord Chaneeßor, Earl Batluirst,
and TMs_
Vtaufeeliien.
Aral Private Ms, with the amendment tgreed to, were
brought up by Mr. Mellish, and other Members. '1
STAMP DUITIII3--4;PAIN—SWEDEI4.
On the Order of the Day being read, for the 61/41
;reading of the Stamp Duties Bill,
• The Earl of SUFFOLK instanced the cases of to
,-,
;mints upon his own estate, to whom he hail granted
leases for lives, and where the Stamp Duties, upon a
ltne of 101. paid by• a cottager for such a lease,
amounted to 41. although-no greater duties were paid
where the amounts of the fine was higher, to shew the
inequality of this tax.
The Earl of-LAUDERDALE incimpe4 his
tention of protesting against the Bill.
The Duke of NORFOLK considered the passing
of a Money Bill as a fit opportunity for saying a few
words with respect to the general state of the country.
With this view he wished to touch upon two points,
upon which, of course, be could not expect that Mi-
nisters would give any information that it was nil.
proper to give, but upon which it might be satisfac. I
tory to hear what they did state. With respect to
Spain, a great effort was now making by the people
of that country, to resist the tyranny attempted to be
imposed upon them, and he Was convinced it was the
wish acid feeling. of every Noble Lord ie that Howe,
and of every person in the conntry,,ihat every assist-
ance should be afforded them.. At the same time,
however, he thought it vintild be better to wait until
some government or ruling power was established in
that country Our failures in LR Vendee and other
parts of France were still fresh in oor recollection ;
and noon this occasion he thought it better to wait.
He did not mean for the establishment of a monarchy ,
or any particular form of government, but for the ,
establishment of some ruling or governing power.—
the success of the Spanish nation in • this great
effort against the greatest tyranny that had ever ex-•
isted in Europe, every one must anxiodilY wish. With
respect to Sweden also, he had every wish for the 1
success of a Sovereign, who was doing his duty is en-
deavouring to stem the overwhelming tyranny with
which he was threatened. On this subject lie would not
require any distinct explanation from his Majesty's
Ministers, although he did attribute a considerable
degree of responsibility to them for the result of their.
conduct. IA his opinion, the kingdom of Sweden
must in the end fall a prey to the overbearing power,
of the Ruler of France, and in the event of inevitable
necessity, it might be prudent to estimate the expe.+
diency of participating with the great northern power
in the enjoyment of that nation, rather than permit it;
to fall into the hands of the common enemy.
Lord HAWKESBURY admitted the regularity
of the:Neble Duke's alluding to the general state of
the country upon a Bill for the supply of the year.—
With respect to Spain, it could not, of course, be ex-
,pected that be should give any information, but he
was convinced there was but one opinion in that,
House, and in the country, upon the propriety of
ing.every assistance to that nation, now struggling for.
,its independence, against the greatest tyranny that
bad ever existed in the world, which was consistent
with the circumstances that actually existed, and he
trusted that credit would be given to Ministers for
being actuated by a similar feeling, and for being
ready to. do eatery thing that prudence, reason, and
the circumstances. of such a case required. With
respect to what the Noble Dike had said upon that
subject, he thought that a: large view ought to be
taken in this case, including in the consideration, alit
.the circurnstancesateending this struggle on the part
of'the Spanishnation, and when the prOper time:for
explanation came, his Majesty's Ministers would be
perfectly ready to explain every part of their conduct
respecting this subject. • With respect to Sweden also
when the time came for explanation, Ministers would
be enables to give a satisfactory account of their con-
duct.' He didnot exactly see this subject in the point
of view stated by the Noble Duke, but all he could
say was, that at a proper time Ministers, upon both
these topics, would render a faithful account to, Par-
liament.
Lord HOLLAND; with respect to the Bill im-
mediately before the House, maintained his former
arguments as to its injustice. Upon the subject
of Spain he could not agree with his Noble Friend,
that it was necessary to wait for the establishment
of a regular Government ; he thought it imma-
terial whether they established a republic or a mo-
narchy, or called this or that family to the throne.—
It could not be supposed that fie could have confi-
dence in the present Ministers, or think that the ma-
nagement of a subject of such delicacy and impor-
tance was placed in proper hands, and there were
circumstances in their conduct which could not but
give him some degree of apprehension, as a consi-
derable period had elapsed since the revohition had
taken place in Spain; and he had not yet heard of any
assistance being sent to that country. The efforts of
that nation were rendered highly interesting by the
circumstances in which they were placed, by the cause
in which they were embarked, and, above all, by the
consideration that they were now struggling forli-
berty, and he thought that no time ought to have
been lost in rendering them assistance. He thought,
also; that it was not enough to speak in general terms
of assistance tp be rendered to Spain, but it should
be declared explicitly what were our objects, or ra-
ther, what were not our objects, namely, that we were
not actuated by any selfish feelings, or by any little
mercantile, policy, though he diJ not mean to accuse
Ministers cf this ; that we should guarantee the inte-
grity of the Spanish dominions in South America;
that we should declare in a manly and decided man-
ner our object to assist the Spanish nation in the true
spirit of generosity and liberality, and that the pro-
mises of assistance should not remain enveloped ,n
general terms, which had no precise meaning.
The Duke of NORFOLK thought, that the hold-
jug Out the necessity of some government in Spain,
*cold probably induce that nation the more speedily
to establish some ruling power. He differed from

- .

-~~--.-

Abe 11101. Ow._ __,. _ _ _ , _v_l _ _
;but sestedown again th the o,sisraainarin consequence of a
. „. ,
ilathant having diseoveren a error, the words I_4,
imss" Iselogiiwerted hi Pass Of " litter," in Cert..
thus making the Dill perfectly =gamy. •!• • . ...
• t •
int Air PARK.. - 4.• A- -, .-r' . •
s Earl GRASVENOR wished to know U there was trir toralta?
oaks rumour, that it was intended to erect a nuiuher..ef, •
iss Hyde Park, as the rumen had created cony*lldek ansbog*"
va
'I ht
ill
ofLAood UDERDALE thought it uliipartiwnentary to.
ask a question upon a mere rumour, If Ministers wrongly advised
' the Crows with respect to the disposal of the property of ta•
i Cresien, they might be afterwards censured.
r - The IiaORD CHANCELLOR illio thought it itnpasilinsentary;
he might upon the same principle have asked in Parliarnent, why
the Duke of Bedford boilt bed the house in Bedford-square, in
which he (the Lord Chancellor) reds:lo I '
Karl GROSV E NO it. thought he was j wit ified in asking the dues-
don, if, as he believed tq be the case, the place to which he allu-
ded was public property. If that were se, it was quite slitferent
from the case of the propeity of ati individual, and might regu-
larly become the subject of the motion, if an inconvenience arose
to the public from erecting buildings on this spot, or if there ar-
peared =intention of carrying such a Plan into &Sect.
. .
STIPENDIARY CURATES' BILL.. . .
The third reading of gig Stipendiary Curates' till was nega-
tived without a divislini, after a discussion of some length, in
which it was opposed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Buckingham-
shire, and the Bishops of Carlisle, Rochester, and Hereford ; and
supported by the Archbishop of Canterhury, the Bishop of Lon-
don, and Lords Harrowby and Hawkeshory.
' The question was then put, 4 that the Bill be rejected," wch
~hi
was also carried without a division.
APPROPRIATION BTU. ...
The Appropriation Bill was rend arhird.time and passefi kiki
.
• upon the Grant to Maynooth*College tieing reade;-; ' ' -• .
k..ord HOLLAND moved that
.£3090, instei4 or
' fels4l4.
granted.
Ihe Duke of BEDPORD supported thelarger Grant, and con-
larg
tended that Government stood pledged to it by their former votes 1
on behalf of the Catholics.'
• After a few words from Lord' HAWKESBURY against the
motion, and from Lord. LAUDERDALE in favour of it, Lord
Holland's motion was put, and netattoed.
Adjourned at ten o'clock.

•_
HOUSE OF COMMONS. „ •
The House was summoned into the Home ,of PFers, to bear
the Royal Assent glvenby Commission to *feral public and pri-
vate Bills.
The SPEAKER, at their return, informedthe House that the
Royal Assent had been given by commission to the Lottery. Bill,
the Exchequer Bills Bill, the Treasury Bills Sill, the Distifiery
Bill, the Bill for Reducing the Duties on Coffee, the Local yin-
tla Bill, and a variety of other public and trivate
EXPORTATION OE C 04104 Reim LIVERPCH,,
Mr. MADDOCKS movodfor an Account of the Quantity of
Coal Exported from the Port of Livetpool to the efferent ports
a. the coast of Wales. The object of his motion was, to rectify
kinisunderstanding which be contrived to lase caused the fai-
lure of the Bill. He was., convinced it would appear that :he
quantity of coal 'so iniver!.cd was nothing near so great as had
been represented.v-Ile Account was ordered accordingly.
CORPORAL PUNisIIMENT 1N THE ARMY.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT rose, and shortly ob-
served, that the object of his motion was, for the
purpose of bringing regularly before the discussion of
the H suse, in the course of the next Session, a mat-
ter which he conceived to be of the first,rate import-
ance, and which had already been discussed-inciden,
tally. He concluded by moving,
That Returns should be laid before the House early in the next
Session, of all Corporal Punishments sentenced and inflicted In
the different Regiments -of Infantry, Cavalry, Artillery, &c. for
the last ten years, together with the causes assigned for such sen-
tences or punishments.
The SECRETARY at .WAR rose to give the
motion his decided negative, andhe trusted that the
House would coincide with hint in the vote he should '
give. He would not enter into much argument on
the subject, as the Honourable Baronet had not pre-,
faced his motion with many observations, but he
' would appeal to the House and to the Honourable
Baronet himself, whether any good consequences
were likely to result from such a motion at this par-
ticular time ? For his part, he was convinced that it
could produce no good, and might reduce great evil.
On this ground he would have opposed the motion,
even if the return moved for had been a simple pa-
per, which was already in the hands of all the mem-
bers. Although he had already given his opinion on
the subject when it was discussed, ,iucidentally, yet
he should now repeat, that there was nothing which
history made more evident, than that a body of men,
subjected to military discipline,.and governed by a
particular law, were much more to be depended on
in the field than those who were not so disci 'fled.
If this then were to be considered as a truth,
he saw no reason why at the pieseiat moment, and
with such an enemy as we have now to contend, that
the discipline which had long subsisted in the British
army should now be shaken. It appeared' to him,
that great evil might be produced from this question
being agitated among the common soldiers. He was
perfectly aware of the competence of the House to dis-
cuss this or any other subject which should bebrought
before them relative to the army, as it was competent
to them to address his Majesty on all such subjects;
but at the same time, it would be for the discretion of
the House, and also for the discretion of the indivi-
dual Member who brought forward such motions, to
consider' whether they could be productive of any
good, and whether, on the other hand, they were not
likely to produce much mischief.
No one rising to speak,
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT rose, in reply to
what had fallen from the Right Hon. the Secretary
at War. He was extremely surprised at the manner
in which his motionhad been received by that Right
Honourable Gentleman, as it appeared to him, that
a matter of greater importance, or more peculiarly
important in the present tames, could not possibly be
submitted to the consideration of the Horse. He
thought they would do ill. by the country, and that
they would do ill by its gallant army, if they were to
leave out of their consideration entirely the sufferings
to whichtliat army, and.the individuals that composd,
it, were daily expose/ thissonsideration was at
all times due to the army, it-was more peculiarly due
to it at a time when it comprised so considerable sCi
portion of our population, and when, by the institu-
tion of the Local Militia, every man in England was
affected by the military code of the country. He did
not think that consideratiotis of that nature could be
answered by old trite observations, of thilitary
pline being a necessary thing, and of disciplined troops

.r than those that were undisciplined. Suva
observations were not of weight enough to be
stop to all discussion on the subject. •
:tion of the great difficulty of ohtaie-
, he could not but oonc ive that those
easily procured from every regime:a
\s to the great danger that there wis
A Parliament meddling at all wio
the army, he was enabled, in sup..
'ion opinion, to cite the authority of Sir W.
speaking' of the Mutiny Act, said.
.ny Act was an Act hastily penned,
that it should be some time or another
submitted to the deliberate consideration of Parlia.
siesse." It was not therefore extraordinary that he
aliitithi view the subject in the same light that Black..
stone viewed it, or that he should think that this was
a tittle pectliarly proper. for such a consideraticn,
When the whole population of the country are be-
cpming military, anal perhaps ought to become milli-
tary; at such a time it was pecolsarly necessary that
the military code should be made as congenial to the
feelings of the nation as was consistent with the nro.
per endsof military discipline. He could not see
what objection there was to prodascing information on
the subject, as the House would have afterwards the
power of determining! according to their discretion,
upon the information so received. If the informa.
tion was laid before the House, and the House upon
deliberate cc:midi:l-taiga found that the system of
corporal punishment cpuld net be got rid of, itwould
at least be satisfactory to the public to know that the
subject had occupied the serious attention of the Le.
gislature. lt might, perhaps, be fpund that the sys.
tern was at least capable of receiving a good deal of
modification ; and that it should not be left to the ca-
price, folly, or accidental disposition and character ot
mind of particular commander% what punishment
those under their command were to be subject to. It
was well kriown in the army, that under cue officer
corporal punishments were seldom or never known
in a regiment, but that when the same regiment pass-
ed under the command of another officer, they be-
came frequent. It was in rain to say that the cha-
racter of the English soldiers made the frequency of
those punishments necessary ; for it was well ' known
that some officers, much to their credit, preserved the
crileVufeorsheir :cements; increased their repu.
tation, without oftenxecurring to this mode of punish.
ment ; whereas there were other officers under whom
it was much practised, and it was not remarked that
their regiments were muck improved by it. He should
not hesitate to name a particular regiment in illus.
tration of his argument—The 15th Light Dragoons
had formerly gained reputation for discipline at home,
and for good conduct when abroad. It had, as he
understood, been for near eight years under the corn•
manci of an officer who was not fond of inflicting cor.
poral punishments, and in the space of eight years
there had been,"as he understood, but six corporal
punishments in the regiment, which was at that time
remarkable for its discipline and good.conduct that
regiment had, however, now got another Commander
(the Duke of Cumberland), and while it was under
his command, he was informed there had been no
less than 80 punishments in less than half that period;
and he was told that the regiment was likely to be
spoiled. He thought h was most evident that sol-
diers should not be left in this respect to the caprice
or accidental character of the different individuals
who should happen to command it. The Right Ho.
nourable Secretary said discipline must be kept up in
an army : this was a thing which every body knew;
but other armies kept up their discipline without hav-
ing recourse to the punishment of the lash. The ene-
my with whom we were contending had also disci-
plined armies, although there were no such disgrace-
ful punishments in his armies. He would not believe
that there was any thing is} the character of English
soldiers which required a much greater severity of
treatment than any other army, perhaps with the ex-
ception of the Russian army,
Lord CASTLEREAGII thought the motion of
the Honourable Baronet, connected with the observa-
tions he had formerly made, did look like a settled
and systematic intention to bring the military code of
the country into disrepute. In the French code, to
which he appeared to give so great a preference, the
Officers could, without any trial, inflict the punish-
ment of death, upon diepsoldienwhom he should coat
ceive to have committed an offence that deserved it.
When they had such a power, corporal punishment
might not be sotnecessary. If corporal punishment
existed in our army, it was because by the English
code no man's life or person could be touched or •
shaken without the decision of a competent tribunal.
The Honourable Baronet had, however, found an
opportunity to insinuate that punishments in the arm,'
depended on the caprice, folly, or passion of Comp
manding Officers, and to mention the name of art
illustrious Commander. He must have known, how•
ever, that no man can be punished in the army, but
by the sentence of a Court-martial, the members of
which were upon their oaths, and upon the evidence
also given upon oath.
Sir G. WARRENDER disapproved entirely of
all the opinions he had hearcrexpressed by the Han,
Baronet (Sir F. Burdett), on military matters.
Lord FOLKESTONE supported the motion of
the Honourable Baronet. He agreed entirely in the
eulogium which was bestowed by a Noble Lord
(Lord Castlereagh) on the character Of English sol.
deers ; but he thought that very eulogium was an ar-
gument in favour of the motion, as it skewed that such
men did not deserve to be subjected to more disgrace-
ful or severe punishments, than were those in the
ether armies of the world.
Mr. WINDHAM did not oopceive that such return
would enable the House to form a judgment on the
subject. It appeared to him that the principal thing
which was to protect the soldier from capricious pit•
nishment, was effected in this country, by making a
'Court-Martial necessary before a punishment could be
inflicted. He thought that by the French code, the
soldier was more exposed to capricious punishment, as
he had not the benefit of a trial. He hoped that the
evil would be corrected in a gradual manner, and he
thought that it would be best effected by countenanc-
ingthose officers who kept up the discipline of their
regiments without making those punishments often
Necessary, and by discountenancing those who only
preserved the discipline of their regiments by the fret•
quency and severity of corporal punishments. He
thought the feelings of the officers, and the fashion of
the.service' Vona do more to diminish these punish.,
amps theN Mid safely be done by the Legislature.

: .

•
PROCE.EDItIOX - - his Islable Friend with respect to guaranteeing Spa- being better than tb
'•' 1 • uish Anstr&its he thought the -Spanish provinces general observation
DS, JUNE SO.
j. 4 ift aeotts .Ca were for ever severed front Europe. entitled to put a sui
:honeaidtiandthemCiaimsliZitiril.tiailtorney G ..
'' .ill was read a third time and pasaed. As to the objection
• 'l:ybelOyster Fishery Bin was read a third dm, and used. ing such returns, hl
returns could be ea
964te motion of the LORD CHANCELLOR, as Address
in the service. As
xeedlng
t°"411.11 4W.
was -oved to his Majesty for the purpose of increasiwitku.remu-
commission twist XS oeo —in
r Dill, tbe kkh Treasery' Das' •boo,
tnbeeraliwearani"),tEdZlEe. trougrogY‘Estei slaw ??3°151 to
t44.' larinan
4 34114)(4" efil'e ii
ie Brazil postage kw, the Corn The ,Swish lu Pension Bill, and the Coast if. Session the discipline of tt
Coffee Cuatemas Bin, the Coffee Stock MA, were sevrally
_read a third time and poised, after rt of ha own opii
""manu'iadieyearul'oshatilswipublw, inPaZ ......-- wileatalag*-11141i10"42434 tLAI7I)YIRDALEv - .a i stone, iv ho, s
orpositise. • _11) •
_--• :. —__. ......____. The Sugar Distill was read a third. time and passed, “That the Mnt:in:
._ __ ..._ eu........._ in conacoutoca of Lord aim, he wished that
