the
...awl

ling
iLfs !
coat

,• • • , ,•
• •
tangurge. In the peiTunnaticeof shilflis
Alit Me. Vilutso
has added greatly to his fame., 'lt lan dbe TsCoh.to
conceive a mine perfect performance.. n his Scenes *ith
the people he %as persuasive as *to as. -passionate
—.with the nobles, haughty and authoritative—with his
daughter, ge- le and afictiOnate. *Ws steers! .was
complete., The new actress, MIAS Puititts,..to whom
the part of Claudia was int.usied. will, we think. be-
come a public f.sourite. She is young, rallielegantli
formed, sod hi r fertures decidedly handsome. Her
voice is ;lona, and het enunciation perfect. Every wend
she mord was nasal iu the roost remote parts of the
theatre. Her first scene :rith Aftgeloi which is all ten-
derness, was acted with great abirtty, and we rink tivt
in every scene where a fine sensitiveness was to be
expressed, this • young Lady acquitted herself better
thin a het e mote violent feelings were called into,
action ; but even in these scenes the evinced great
ability. Her: (kW was eminently successful. She
has but sedulously, to pursue the study of • hpr pro•
lesion to become a bright ornament of it. Mr.
Cottenh's Angelo Colonna was a piece of acting
which did credit coins %elite and disci intimation. The
character of barelli, one of the nobles .opposed to Ri-
enzi, Was supplied with very cantideribleitalent by Mr.
AITKIN. He appeared here to very great odium*.
Hi• first scene, in which he ridicubi itteases summons
to the citizens, was distinguished by a cutting and cans*
tic humour, perfectly in accordance with the character.
Mrs. Fauctv appeared as Lady Celoana. • The tragedy
was loudly, bin isditiously applauded, In every scene;
and Oct, ihs curtain fell. the delight of the audience
%a; very t. in, Jy espressed.
In cooclud ng this article, we would briefly sum
, the merits. of Miss MITFORD's ;raged,. TI
ICS as .rttully conducted, the characters arc
.well de-
fined and well contrasted, many of the situations ate
full of deep dramatic inteiest, and the language is
throughout beautiful. vigorous, and poetic. To decide
in the mine of a new tours on the earacter of a work
which douStless it has taken s ime months to produce,
is difficult, perhaps presumptuous; but we• ate much
mistaken if this Ira;edy will not lung continue AO be
admired and applauded. .
COVENT. GARDEN.
The Comedy to 1 he. Woader wail played at this Heats
last night, when -Mr ~ (inns MAe his first appenliite.
in the character of Volaielßritori.*There is not only mote
acting in this chatActei;but a is of *much higher comic
rank that that ut Fives°, in which he Milt appeared.
Mr.tikten ILlly supper:red the favourable noises which
his -fittt appearance had created. His person is ex-
tremeiy %eh' adaptell, ft.e. the stage, his' mannas fs, e,
and tte-isi evidently enterigneed. The. ptinhpal Limit
we obsessed-is &tepidity of uttessace,whith occasionally
impairs Me effect of thespeecheshe bas-to deliver, and
takes born the' ease: which ought toile the first cha-
racteiistic rsucb pans achis taleat seems to he in..
Mr. Ketaate. as Den Fetes, watexceilest. He gave
admirable Kea to:the fitful pvssiow by which the cha-
racter is mut ked ; and the gracemlness.with which he
depicted the lighter parts of the picture, made it a most,
agree tblc piece of acting. Mist JARMAN pl_ayed
Janie in an agreeabte and natural manner. Mrs. thalli
filled her old• pan of the chambermaid not only like a
good actress, ma all the world- knows she ii, but as if
(barring a certain, roundness of *suck which apitefol
years will bring with them) she *was only 18. The
Comedy was,. upon the whole, very well acted, and fur-
nished a .very agseeable emettainessent. •
The Fate of Mate 13/riders thin thse was repeated.
and Powea's Woad humour io the impudent Irish valet'
kept the si.dieace in a roars The House was respect- i
ably attended.

' The proud's' word in English,: to judge by hs way
of carrying h'elt. is I. It is **Use of ataaosistisidas, if k.. be,
indeed, a syllable; and yet who, k good wide, ever saw Alit*
one? i
. Yesterday an Inquest:ors s held at the CastleuKeno,
sington Cifavel Pits, befote.T. fietaitua,SE.q.. on the
body cf. Mrs. Letitia Cottony, a widow, only 19 leafs
of age, IP ho was run own by one of the Shrewsbury
stages.--The deceased was sister to,the 414ated bliss
Feron,who was killed at thefailiag ofthelate Si unsoick
Theatre, and w.as, with het Mother and Astir, On the
st age in question. on their. road,P3.llintin. grain. They
bad left the. Swan with Two Region, tadelarit, about'
Cur o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, nod on arriving it
Notting-hill, just through KensingtOnsillre.lerein'stil.
denly missed the deceased from her.siflo.andom Inokipg
round. saw her lying on the road, stonlidessillil, hebind
the coach, which stopped directly.. The•unfortunate
deceased was removed into the Castle Tavern,. and
Mr. Kin,* surgeon, sent for. He found her quite'deed,
with the skull and jaw fractured, and dreadfully cut'
and bruised about the neck and chest. the deceased
and her sister a e e on their way to• fulfil a theatrical
engagimant. Verdict—Accidental VeAth.
DuIIATLOII Oi VIZ PZAR Tats.—ln the garden .rf
Paiscaroen, the property of the Earl of Flit, there is'O.
pear treessoilbeasing fruit, which is said to .hivelresn
planted by the hand of a Monk upwards of 800 years
ago, at which time the Abbey was the babitettoo of an
order of Friars. .
Eat rad r f a letter, dared •Falatuoth, Jiiimitim-',ll:eptsl
9,1929; toe Geuthrman in Cilassowe troma j.joonelaft...
Irons that plaCe, soon alter. his awls!: Jile says :...._llit
am ion quite accustomed to tts phis. of',Lei , 'lw*
gei.try ; and 1 certainfy.never.saw a mote -thoughtishit.
happy, and contented set of beings in my life. f tlit:
wistfl saw the poor labburipg ask ifs.B64l4nd. arewial
off. They have evet:thing they wish suid; sijirsi.pilis, 7
ii.
' dance cf whOIZSOZAIr food and clothing, aid sildril
to attend them when sick; their wink it not-ani:iii
.1: .ao batd as a labdurer's, at home; and Ido not illi
e.ie to say, that an-Irish W
labourer would.do as SPRCRIIII
'half a doses of them, provided he anted starld the c**-,
emote, Ttiey ate allowed each a pieces,' gtound, 'and'
pkaty of time to cultivate it.. They rear pains, . p 141,.
*phis, cocoas, &c. and dispose of theao iii the niarke,'
. . ,
. . with the proceeds of which they purciliseloter iimoch
as gay dresses. rings, Ike. There. ate no beggars..l*pol
• Go lowa well behaved slave's house, lie sr extoemely
polite. :.ird happy to see you. Yea will. sea .of, hoe
oitieb:olo : ask for something to chilli". hawed *Weyer:
torah, bunts, rum, and even wine. H's Nils-and chil;
igen Wear ..the faces et happiness and itotttenstamit.'-ki,
'shalts our war king classes aro not.atleseced ggialii.,4 bq,
as at home. Out of curiosity, I went with Ms, 0,01 v)%
nephew to witness one of their merry making*. ILLsi
sorpsised I was to see about SO or 40 people. (.1 bards
sines, and s ell dressed tau, conducting themselves iit ids
. the greases row iety and deco:um It was a ball and
sipper. The dancing was at its height when 1 went
in, but I did not mach like the odour of the ball rook,
and adjourned to the supper room. These was a table
laid out wi h a degree .of elegance, in the turns tf. 0
horse shoe, groaning with every luxury, pastry, jellies,
and fruits ut all kinci,, spirits of all kinds. and wines,
with sdver plate bog rowed from their masters and mis.
tresses fur the occasion. Instead of Di itish Anti-colonists
sending canting Methodists and Anabaptists lime. they
ought to send a Missionary Irons one of the Anti-slavery
Societies ; I chink the sight of all this happiness would
shut the mouths of these fanatics:

MR. PEE1:11 VISIT TO LIVERPOOL

• •••ellaw..-..

' • Lontaroos, Wednesday Night.
Mr. Peel has paid. a short viii to this tows, where he
is for the pleent.. the. guest of Mr. Porter, the, Mayor.
He airived here sestet day evening, accompanied by his ,
Lady.Thil mol niegs: IN. Right Hon. Gentleman's ar.,;
rivgl was iresserally,,known. and in cohipliment is him
the bells of the chtrilieevklittie "iinging.r- and nearly
ill•the.tessels in the dodos hoisted their Ilsgs. , In the
early past of the day the R;ght Hon. Gentleman and
his Lady, accottipaided by the Mayor and Mayoress;
the &cos dertand soene.of.,the Aldermen, Visited most
.of tbt objects wott)S:the audition i f a stranger in be.
town. Amongst others—the new cemeset y, tne market.
(St.. John%). the docks, some oldie King's ivarehosYses?
the Royal Institution. Sta.
At a little sifter too o'clOck the party returned *2 the
Tows. Hall. round wh4b . a considerable number th
pes mos bad 'assembled, liy.;WhaMihißight Hon. Gen-
tleman was. cheered' eel his entrance.' After a short
time spent in iieilni.:the interior of this huilding—
which, in the sista ot.its 4.4 state apartments; the mil.
nilicence of the fornicate, and the taste and 'splendoto
of the decorations. resembles a palace mote than an
other huilding Sa.agited to the same purpose that we
base seeSiu Euglands trot tecepting the Mansitin-liOusit
in Lon fort—het promealetl to the' draivingsrotini. where
a numerous bet select party of *Ladies and Gentlemen
hid assembled by ikiyitation fiom Ilia Mayors •
' 17 At .Kilt: past twoAlte Mayor, accompanied by ear
Recetders Aldermen, and Common Council, entered,in
their offpcial robes, and the Recorder (d. Lista% Esq.)
advanced to the table, at whit% 4r. Peel stood, and dead
~•
the following Address's.'.
1
" tba-..We the -Niles : Recorder, %Marmon; . Whirs, • and
Common Coo:ileit of die worn* Uverisool, Are maims in testify
the warm feelings of satbiactisa. :whittle we eiperisece ill amine
voice of your visit to this pilet•Of your native miaow in caw
awn wish the rest of his Majesty'. &objects. we are impressed with
gratitude fur the various and usefei services which lave Alain.
witaheil Ivor tollicialate,. and, shove all, for the wise and iodides*
measures by which you have fsr ever associated year isism amity
with the amelioratioo of the laws and instketions of your cosintry.
a• We are, therefore, anxious to have the homer of entelling
.year maw in tbe list of the freemen of this Ms Majesty's most
*mimic 'and loyal Borough of Liverpool. And we beg to present
the freedom in this bee. as a dorabit memorial of Our unfeigned
reyeet and esteem."
To this address hie. Peet, replied—
' o Mr. Mayor and G. ntliaten—No distinction could.
lie conferted upon ale mete gratifying to my feelings
than` the freedom of Liverpool, pre.ented to me on 14
:gtoands which you have o..sigit..d fir site presentation
, of. that honour. Th,ose who preside over tne adminis-
tration oldie law in this populous and most important
'ijittiidiction must be pre-entioently crialified to judge of
e effects of the' measures. which I have proposed fir
'the simolificat on cf the•crialinal cod , nod the 'Maims.
'don of its seeedritt. Your Ipprovai of them is a bootee
of grittificatiOii to me ; but I ran,,cit rece. re the valuable
token of it xibiith yoti hate t'sis day offesed. uithifit
punicly acitnov4edginir how .ileet_ly.indelited I have
'beers, glsmitihsiiiethe Whole tours& of my
.labolus. In'
the zeal, abiltty, and professional eapeiiencc of others.
and to that genet ous concurrence and suppOrt'ivhs`ch,.
in the promotion of an object a high public coniern,
disregarded the differesces sit political opinionhasitobli•
icemen-los the time all patty distinctions. =I am prood
of the enrolment of my mimesis ug the freemen of this
ancient and loyal borough ; and I return you 'My col-
dial ackpoieledgmkiti for having suposadded to the
many motives which ahead,. led mew take a deep in,
teiest in its welfare, the ties• and obligations of local
connelion. If any thing could have enhanced the valite.
of this token, it is die consideration that I have received
it fie she beads of a Gentleman who is so highly and
so justly esteemed" (Thislast sentence was addiesseo
to the Mayor). : . - .. . •
~
At the coachisiist of this cerejnorty. dee. Eight Hon.
Gentleman,- ass ompaitied by. the Mayor, Recorder. ilic.
proceeded/ache Council-room. where he toot the oaths
ate, a burgess oLdte town, and bad his name carolled in
dip list °Fits ft °omen. .
The company then pastook of a cold collision; after
!tibial. Mr.rPeeke accompanied by the Maple. proceeded
Itfethergaebangetto view Nelson's Monument. • A large
`concourse of person.' were here assembled, in expectation
'of the High; Hon.
,Gentlensaa's arrival. and loudly
,cheered hint a...he approached. He then proceeded to
:the Exchisege Newsvioqm, Wheie he Was severed with
continsied chiding. The '.loght Hon. Gentleman ap-
peared much purified:skit no reCeption and ackoow-
Edited it .by bovong : repeatedly.. but.in;de no speech.
rollick seemed. to tads *been ezpected, and some hide
disappointsnent was experienced, though not etreressed!
'The Right llow.Gentieunan thin accompanied the Mayor.
.to trout the-botanic gardens and part of the tunnel of the
Liverpool and Manchester railway. which was bsiiliantiy.
illuminated on the Occasion. ••
' hi the evening ite dined with the Mayor and Commits
Coclea-arida :select nu nber.‘f friends.. Oss tomorrow'
(if:not called of to town on business) he dines at Man-
i:l).4er with the Comniercial Clerks Society—Mr. Hul-
ton of Holton iisohcchair. ' -
lis thrciomis et the day an address was forwarded to
Mr. Peel; by. itr. John Smith. President of the Goo-
dies Society ibe the better Protection
.of -Trade.. thank-
ing the. Right frinn.-,Qeetlisnisin foe the support he give
to the:lll.itor.thelirm recovery of small' debts. and
• i'vleestieg hieseppepkokkeiMilar measure on a Noire
occeitutr. ' 4. ~- ' •--
. A:itimpled rose leaf lal,i.o.'my path—them wee/me
Osticstahtest holiest k Was Still very* sweet. Why was it to bit
irrier Fie; it looked upon as food for swine.? . .
LthOlViill -Ti. uosfortunate, lady who was iso
tifiadOly initifid. by .the" overturning of that'! ifft
.essity; )14seked till' friday': afternoon, when she di**
nee hISOpt.4/As. 64 Lloyd, a. before snrq hitt Miss
Eve;Sylteap. of rieepion, Devon. She had :bon .co
Isinsdia.to fictive bit dividends, and bad' hem ,staying.
ei;... her tares at Rev.Mr..Whitta's, at Cbalford.
•00 Ilir* weedlike* at W4too-Unnor. edge on cantos);
ANL akee,bealiotenriSbnes rigardsng ate Wiliest, kc.
illosdap, toobsiits testimony front the pas- ,
. .
tenets on the coach at the time of die asecidWat. After,
eery 41111114611, Pecteelig ieeestigatien: a verdict "vitgir
'ta.ngoed, ',psi! .tiwt OW of Miss Emily Reap via.'
brae aiddenesiomettieniegef the Dart stage,
eeseli,. mrsienal .thenecideeewas.-Pertiretteasioned by
anolletroctiOn
,in
:the mad, horn a sra*tenleftstassdiag
Sere and also by disfweaatiott of thO'Void; andihst;
a det>tland of la be edited ors the•co:cle andshorsiet-.1
Yesterday an Inqs•A was held at vhf blue 1.1.41.. le
the Chathare Road, before the Mayor of Grayaseade q
the body Of Ca;wii. H. biretta, of the brig Mail•
Alto.. It appeared that the deceased, mho was forty.
1 five lease of age. left Gravesend about half past three
u!dock on Tuesday afternoon. in a gig draw.n by. a
'CI- high spasieed hots t He bad got about. a mile
and.* half fimmGravesead. when the wheel if his gin
locked is the Sheol of a fruit cart, in consequence of
the hors* iv the carLhaving mined onto the centre of
the road at the bent the deceased came up. The des
tembed waksheewo Net of his gig,: and incurred such
•
k that.hodfed soonsefter.A verdict el Accidental
'sae laeOffleff, with a deafend of rh. on the

PUBLIC BIiE.tkFAST TO MR: PEEL
, AT 110t.TuN.
The inhabitors of till; two!, asst ems. dorine its
interval of the 41-i, of the itsplititsitenii able the fin ...
Secretary in their neighbout oe, t • ivlitre they At 4.
ment I.4.itim•and his -grit eeptit.iii at. cf*.
tilst Pbg,"l- the liorouglateves and Ciiivtibles of the.e.
and Little I`loltint,t6.*in't 'on.and invite Inin break
fa,t ciatthis dal (Monday).. to hi Itiven in the
cial Inne.Mt.fiell accepted the iniitation, endwise'
in the town. Krum Hutton, the seat of Wtt. fluLtoN,
.Esq. •and wasjec's.hved *it'i a bahtee of 'fifteen gee-.
There. was an immithecrowd assembled in fro t of the
squire before the Intl, who hailed the arrival of the
Honntriahlrartta man wi.h acelismatiod. 'Soon)
alter his arrival in the nowt) he appeared at one of tin
windows, and shindy addressed the multitude in front.
wishing them and th.4r wives and eh.l.lren all 'health'
Mod blpiness. This elic'ted a senetved chewing,' in
which the company joined. .
The room la which the entertaliuneut 'nasty., was very taste
(ally attest up .for• the occasion. It was hints round with. festoons
of laurel, and at one end was erected for the occasion. a ;gallery to
accommodate several respects:4e ladles, who were soaves to by
pretent•at the meeting. • 4.bs this:gallery was laptribed; tu gold lets
ten. •" Goa aave•tbe• Ilse;" and at the opposite eud of the room.
•troviedivlelY abase Ate 'light loosurabla Gentleman, "Church
and King."..antl. :4.Stotestant Ascoodancy."
The Chair.
.Wat takid'by bar: 111.141111 STOWCROIPT
BOrtnighTtelte. Val..llolltm. and up*ards of 180
Gentlettifit let' do.•
**
filet the ddewne.
:The fallo*letii Wits we e given after the ressiovel of
the clothi • . .
" The Xing; Cue does four.
" The Mayst Malay." '
• Attlay Navy."

R The Ai- sad -
The Cwateitan then re-* and said, he hors Ufa/
Would do jot ire t o the sea toast, in-eirdei to, sab:ch be
,ermild five t'iem time to charge. The toast 'he wit.-
.atiOat propose to them was the t Hon. Robe t
peeles4Lood &teas for.. s, MO time) lie had done them
the honour 'to" accept thi it on.. They were all
aware of the4steat books which, their di linguisticd
guest bad conlet red on the country at lar,te—(Ch-ers).
lie-was aware that most of them looked epui the Righ
flow. Gentleman a, t•ie mainstay of the Kenn .and C
stitution of the coontry=(Loud cheers), .u.l he knew
and trusted teat sufficient 'listed. Isom the espeiience
of the past; eir convince them. all that he wenilJ urea
desett theml-(rt ems moms cheering). lie shotild now
proptis
Tbeatait Abe Wit Hon. Robert Peel."
This toast ...epos melees' nob.treinriidous Ater,.
which were repeated for smite tube ; and at the tontine,
sion the cheers stele renewed w Moine tithes nine. and
most Of the e4.iiipany • rose on th. it chairs, and continued
the ...cclarqations.. •
. Pam. rose to return thanks, evidently win" af:
tected with these Lteinonstrations of esteem.' He spoke
as follow. I.—Gentlemen—No experience *filch 1 have
had its Adi,e•sing pub.il assemblies .is of the slightes,
advantage to n.e os. the piesent eccaano. My heart it
much too full to enable me to do j•istice to the tuitions
and!ieftectiont; sao,ed by this •my tv ambit), visit
your cans. t. !numerate the
'many ;sonnet of gratification which it. has lapis spif
*Se with.. I .can almost. consider myself in my flay
tip place--(Cheits).and I defy ant man wbu the-
sillies OA, nigital affections of a hie heart, ant tn
.tea gratored at returning to his native Place, but about
Xll, to be kindly and irffectioaat• ly welcomed to
(Loud applause). I rejoice too at this visit as a pries*
and a public man, übeu I parch** the marked inditasi
lions of importunes* around me. The very toad whichl
I travelled je4-rdity--aeetytinnit around am, brans
.narks of progressive. civilisation a.d refinement—
(Hear. hear). 1 rejiiie. • too to s. e, with ihe npansion
or wealth; the elponiion .t progressive improvemeat.l
too. whin I. behold the honest countenances of
these classes *hose kinJ reception of me has made the
deepest impression on my imam y. Gentlemen, you are
all aware Alit I am not one lithos, who court what is
Called popular applitasr—(Loud applause)—budant not
theiesa seeable on that ac,ount to these marks of attach-
mem which I have received from that elm of society to
whose laboors land is y ian.4l7 '.we the deepest
übliga-
tions-a(Lotid cheers). melt, these is soothes source
of satihtattion to me, but it i. a iKep, a very deep one ;
it is that I have had the opp 4112 I:, of confiiming my
friendship with him whose guest I have at present the
honour to. be—Mr. Holton, 4.f Holton Patk s I kilo*
that I am with a man by wit. se ces•age, in tittles of
std danger. this dist, ict is as protected—
(Cheera)—l kaow 1 am with.the man by whose active
benevolence in times of famine and afilicrioo this district
was relieireal.6.(C.beer,)—with the man who, in the time
of tranquillity and, prosperity, is now cbtieting and ani
mating his Otighbouts by his cram* as a Gentleman,
a Magistrate, and•a father of a funnily-4•as fulfilitng the
duties and obligations of every relation in Iffe. There
is another sous :e of the most siocese gratification to met
which b have eapetienced dating this visit to yogi. 41
have been presented to that portion of his Majestysi
subjects which I do bait,. I might cite as a special,.
and exaMnle •of the Most loyal
sdevoted clap
subjects of which his Majesty can boast—(Cheers);
well -know.- that in this district, in times of
whether arising• irons foreign aggression. or, what Goy
forbid, civil disaffection. hem are to be founds— •
moinpm..... Hearts resolved, and haods prepared,
The blessings they enjoy to seard."—( Lund applause.) •
Geadtiisenl am plushd txt your confide. cc, and gra!
tilied at the, asstirance that my public conduct •his met
with our approbation, and secured your good opinion
~—(Ceis). Ido t•os4 that it is the !canard of tho.past,
is ignite eXertions; and I do possessta
'*lng,toitfideitiv. that I never cnoraf.
willlicrleit that rewarcb—(Latud chairing). •Tha
'l4 be Honeut,able Geutlemancoriciudedby drink log—,
it 7.19 "
lha.Cmionicasi then gave-.
" 'Ns
_el Vritain, sod the Admirals'd3ha
OloseeniCiandnieina"-.(l.lrwit with load plaudits).
• TbetCtilliatroll slikkiiid.thirlife and wit
•
0f4•14 i..st West was the Protestant Ascendancy, .eith-
-oOk ,which ;their gl,rious Voitoitation."coolst sot be
maintained. He i.bould..thei dote 'rite • . •
al Tike rietsseenfatesenilanii." • '
' • It is impossible to seta She the reception 'Nth, this
wait f: rte cheering was renewed thus di • nest isniis
after it had 41114 away:

o't

The. Cwatillllll.4llSaill rose, sad willed for a bumper.
IPen PAM whieit Is 4,4 to propose was tbs health
,ot thole who. he was sure, would wryer be backward
e cooping forward in support if the last test. He
.11104016..

The bale et Lis Ifajestfe likormir.r.(lAbed eaeatO
Ur. riteitAgala rose, and split Caine.. I
am sure that Ushould tweet with the 611111eItit Gisappru!
,iiatios h. my colleagues en-the Nisilily if l omitted
this oppottaiiity cif returning you their acknowletlge-
inentsband absiwiog you that they are deeply ,elll.l bl°
of
the valet of your good opinion.' 1 wish most measly
that 1 could yield the duty of retorninit ouracknowd
iedgmCnts to lime wf my eolles_goe,. I wish that sr
illUbliioui Oland the- Duke -of 'Welli ng oft (Chelii)z—
were present, * order that be may peitotui.die proper
fuectioa of ate bard of the Germ meat, and, in paws,
