HOUSE OF COMMONS, Nov. 17.

. -
Mr, C. GRANT moved that a new writ be issued for Liverpool, in
the room of Mr. Huskiseoe, deceased.
Sir R. WILSON moved for a new writ for Southwark, in the roots
of Mr. Harris, deceased.
Lord RBRINGTON moved for a new writ for Tavistoek, in the
room of his Lordship, he having selected to sit for Devonahire.
The writs were severally ordered.
Petitions against Negro Slavery were promoted from Buckingham by
Lard Nugent ; from Brecon by Sir C. Morgan; from Beverley by Mr.
Sykew ; from Newcastle-upon Tyne and South Shields by Mr. M. A.
Taylor; from Spalding, Ltoashire, by Mr. Chaplin • from several
places in Yor ire by Mr. Duncombe ; from Pontefract by Mr. S.
Jerninghan: : from Chichester and Bognor by Mr. J. Smith; from Rut.
landshire by Sir G. Heathrow ; firom Little Hampton by Mr. Smith ;
and many other places.
Mr. H. DAVIS presented a petition from Bristol, against the win.
dow tax.

Lord EBRINGTON presented a petition from Topsham, against
the duty on seaborne coals.
Mr. ORATTAN moved for accounts of all the sums collected in tita
several parishes In Ireland on account of the poor for the last five
years ; and of all bequests for charitable purposes.
Sir H. HARDINUE opposed the motion, on the ground of no no-
tice of it having been given.
Mr. GRATTAN accordingly withdrew his motion.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from a bankrupt named
Michael Sellers, in Ireland, complaining of the bankrupt laws, that
after he had given up all his property to his creditors he had been
obliged to pay 201. for his certificate, for fees of office.
Sir J. GRAHAM presented a petition signed by the Marquis of
Londonderry, Lord Durham, and several coal mine owners, for the
repeal of the duty on sea-borne coals.—Ordered to be printed.
The Hon. Baronet then presented eleven petitions front places in
Cumberland against negro slavery.
Mr. WII.KS presented similar petitions from Plymouth, Shame.
bank, Devonshire, Re.

Lord ➢WRPETH presented six similar petitions from places in
Yorkshire.

The Marquis of TAVISTOCIE presented similar petitions from
Bedford, Carlton, and other places.
Mr. Alderman WOOD gave notice that after the Christmas recess
he should move for the reduction of all salaries of all public olfscvrs
advanced during the war, commensurate to the reduction in the prigs
of provisions.
Mr. GEO. DAWSON said, under the existing circumstances of the
Adoriniettation, be did not intend to persevere in his motion regarding
the growth of tobacco; but whoever might possess °Mee, if the subject
were persevered in, he should give his support.
Mr. PORTMAN obtained leave to bring in a bill to consolidate and
amend the laws relating to highways In England.
Sir R. PEEL withdrew the notice of motion which stood for this
day, respecting the East India Company.

ALIICT/ON PATITIONS.
Sir 11. W. RIDLEY moved the postpooement of the election piti.
dons till after the Christmas recess. As the Oovernmint was udergo.
log a change, and as, after the new appointamots, some time must
elapse before business could be commenced, be thought it would be
most just to the parties concerned to postpone all the elections. Their
were about bS of them. He moved a resisludon that the boom would
sot, previously to the Christmas mei., mks into consideration any tier:-
don petitions, except those fixed for the Mut and 30th instant.
Mr. C. WYNN said, it would be right time neither Members nor
parries should be subjected to any inconveniences that could be avoided ;
but, hem what be beard, he expected that the recess would not be
very early, and could not be long--he expected very little more than
Christmas-day. Timm were sixty.six peddling. and fifty-Ive ballots
would be required. As he imagined, as, indeed, was most likely to
be the are, that there would he a very shoot RUSS, why was thaw
Ito be any postpeneosent ?
_ _

Mr. BROUGHAM was mach surprised at this modes. As to the
change of Ministers, what had that to de whit the first and most he-
pertaat duty at the heels P With all mends regret for the futon
Ministers (wissith), he spokes, them ..sawing that they would Weed
se govern the egebtry en ritanitriple• j farther than That it was wry
well knew. he weld have es dewride•doe rums
these asatiers wield MOM as well with.* *Miami' se with them g
the civil list ialsk be ispertaat to the mew, .11iracetztlep.
Sty, bat this ewilest wool, primary hapertaisia rwas
right to issmailie whore there wariespesse, vb to Ih
ii wee den apit

A
T

2
