LONDON.

THURSDAY, JULY 16.
FMCS OT STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock, 115 Indirentidi 58
3 per Cent. Red. 851 a South Sea Stock
5 per Ct. Cons, 571 8 71 ex div Old Annuities 881
st per Cent. 1818. 961 New ditto 871
S 1 percent. Red. gel 1 41000 Reck,. *Bills 72 5 2
4 per Ct. New, 1021 j a ex die 45150 Dine 72 5
4 per Cent. 1826. 1051 105 •4108 and 4200 Ditto
Lone Ann.l9/ 15-16 Conamevelal 69
India Stock 2261 7 Consols for Acet 1191
roußinw FUNDS, 'IWO O'CLOCK
Brazilian Bds.s pCt. 571 Mex. fids,lll2s, 6pet. 201
Du Acct. 5711 Rau. 8d5.1922, 5p Ct. 991
t lid., 6 per Ct. Spanish Bds 5p
Dn. Bonds,lBe4, 16} 16 Fr.Rentes, lipC.lo9f 755
Do Acct.l6l lij Exchange 25150 c
Danish tide. 3 pCt. 681 91 Fr. Rentes,3 p Ct.
Mee Bds. Sp Ct. Exchange, 25f Ms
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK.
IMAM rain.
55 20 64
Is a 61
400 400 90
100 10 5111

Duo National
Real del Monte
Guardian Fire Ass.

The more we consider the argumentative paper on the
subject of " Whigs and Tories," to which we gave inser-
tion yesterday, the more we are convinced that a hasty
acquiescence in its grand positions—namely, the extinc-
tion and inutility of party—would be detrimental in a high
degree to the popular form of our House of Commons. We
are quite ready to admit, that the purest patriot is he who
will make any and every sacrifice—no matter how personal

or painful--for the welfare of the community ; and that a
finer spectacle cannot be presented than the " self-immo-
lation," whenever some great exigency requires it, of
commanding intellect and commanding influence at the
shrine of coy NIR Y. But the dispersion of all those inte-
rests and energies to which the necessity for some consti-
tuted check upon ministerial power, and a sound jealousy
of its corruptibility, gave hitherto a separate and combined
existence ; the fusion of all that collective virtue and vi-
gilance—the conservative essences of public purity—into
the great ,ocean of our legislative assembly, would mate-
rially change its character. The most beneficial effect of
party, is its operation upon the shame of individuals. It acts
like an invisible tie, which is constantly drawing back the
defaulter to the post which he is inclined to betray. But this
bond of inter-coherence removed, what impediment is left
in the path of defalcation ? what barrier opposed to the cor-
rupt inclinations, which human nature—under almost
every circumstance—is so prone to gratify ? None.

The bare assertion, that such or such a measure meets his
conscientious concurrence—such or such a Minister de-

nes to be upheld by the country—is all the shield that
venality requires.
We do not stipulate for the conservation of those pre-
cise distinctions, which are implied in the terms " Whig
and Tory:" indeed, they have been for a long time only
conventionally retained, and might even be exploded
with advantage. But over the defeasance of party—

convinced, as we are, that it is the best safeguard of
political honour—we should unaffectedly mourn. On
the existing state of parties, we are not inclined just
now to expatiate. It has not our sympathy, nor• even
our approval. The present Administration is, perhaps,
peculiarly placed ; and ought not—immediately after
the passing of that great measure, which all other
Ministries have been unable to carry—to be deserted
without a cause. But we have beard it said—" Get
rid of the Noble Duke and his colleagues, and whom
will you put in their places ?" GOD forbid that the
day should arrive, when it would be difficult to supply
these We do not say this in any disrespect to the
Noble Duke and Mr. Peel., but from the sincere convic-
tion that there are plenty of master spirits in the country,
quite adequate to the functions which they discharge :
and let them not feel affronted at us, if we reply in future
to all such queries es this—
We,trest there are within this resift
AIM ifIDOOLID au SOO, as TUT.

We are 'glad to see, in an article from Berlin, that the
Emperor of Russia has expressed, or is said to have ex-
pressed, his determination not to permit his subjects to
be taken and sold to slavery by the Turks. We trust
that this resolution proceeds from a feeling of aversion

to the system of slavery in general, and that the Em-
veror will take immediate measures for the abolition of
slavery in Russia, as was proposed in the former period
of the Emperor ALEX AN DER'S reign—to whose credit
it must be said, that during his life he never made a
alive. This conquest over barbarism and boyardism
would be more glorious to the Emperor NICHOLAS, and
useful to his empire, than any exploits his arms could
achieve, or any territorial cessions his negotiations could
obtain from Turkey.
Russia must not advance her Asiatic .or European
boundaries one inch beyond the Bathos or the Prnth ; but
if any arrangement could be made, and it.might be made,
in the interest of Russia, Turkey, and Austria, for a
more stable administration of the Moldavian and Wal-
lachian prOvinces, we should hail it as an additional secu-
rity for the maintenance of peace, and as a treaty of
benevolence towards the hitherto most ill-fated pro-
vinces in Europe.

The runes of this morning, in noticing the arrest and
imprisonment of another British subject—Mr. SA ao zwz
—by Don MiGuEL, follows up the minouncement of

this new act of violence with some remarks, which we
cannot paws over in silenoe,.withsat neglecting** duty,
we have determined to perform on the Portuguese ques-
tion pnerelly.
Nothing," he offs, " is done, or attempted Eo h• 40.0,
Oittlef by Dolt PEuno, or the European Portman, torei
ra.7 MIGUEL from his usurped throne." 10166 nothinge"
we.will ask, to have convinced Wary man in. Europe pre-
tending to the lunatic regard for justice, that after having

_

THE EVENING STAR.
sw.--
,41 j ' • S :I ;,41:2 •t()))j)
