NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

MAlLS•—*llt. one. ova
PAD - - - 1 0 France • - 1 0
wasiont .. 2 0 Hamhurgh - 0 0
.iirfallri snit Jersey 0 0 Ouncisburgh -. O 1
bon - • - U 3 Hinders - 0 - 0
rlepaad • - t 0 Malta - - - 0 0

FALMOUTH, APRIL 19.
Sailed the Labelle. for Newcastle; and the Pyres,
vet, fur Lundon.—Wind N.

HARWICH, APRIL 21.
Arrived the Una Nelson packet, with a Mail from
Cuhaven.

PORTSMOU FM APRIL 2!.
Arrived the Ann, runctiAss, from the Downs.—
Lind and Lady Comminute and suite, who pro.
ceeds to Barbadoes in this ship, arrived here today ;
they are gone to Ride to embark from thence on
Wednesday motning.—Sailed the Asia, Gnaw, for
limnbay.—The Lord Eldon, for New•Southe Wales,
sailed last night, but put back again this morning.

DEAL, APRIL 111.
Came down from the River and sailed, the Har•
ucun,'lisoa for Montreal; tom, Peem'for
Antigua ; and Providence, 'CAMPBELL, for Quebec.
Arrived and sailed for the River, the Old Brunswick,
born Jamaica.

GRAVESEND, APRIL 11.
Arrived the Clio, Richardson, front Demerara ; Kirk EU,
Difteskfrom Bengal; Mary and Bevy, Richards, Irons Twinge':
Vary, Hahne ; and Four Brothers, Barnes, front V. atertord ;
ftuiet Lerwick, Ledienon ;Two trailers, Jackson; Undaunted,
shaken; and Neva, Jackson. from Norway ; Ann, Dorm, from.
Strahand; Agesiorla, Day, from and Mary Ann, Grays
from Cake—Salted the Castlereagh, itswieigh„ for St. Jobe*,
New Brunswick; Holland.. roppiewell; Friends, Maw; sod
l'iliadiorn, Pathan, for Bilinear; Masoning, Martin,
la at. Chris opiser's •' Ann, Mayer, for Hanthurgb ; Data Suers,
Solidi, for Havre; and miters, Dyer, for Rotterdam.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, APRII. ISt.
suwt itsersasiilXWAlLDS.--.1 he Undaunted, Demment, Ifoll2
Hine; Enterprise, Pain, from Han:mush ;. Simeon, Reynolds,
bas Headlong; /imam, Arre ; Industry, Andirnmser; and
Ameba liedriettl. Lames, front Norway*. Vestal, Barekley,
irse Mond; Foret, flusher, frum Dams's; aad Eleanor, Dr
doe. Irons Antwerp
therwases.—l he Constance, Sealer for Pine*. Konigsberg.
and Elbing ; Ewe. Gunmen Vyleer; and Jubilee, Eyre, for
Hamburg; Gipsey, Turner; aaLl Emperor Ale:ander, Lotrunan,
for Bahia; Twig, Hain, for Antwerp; game, Rosgate, for Ehintur;
Rot ofal Sovereign Lining, for Rot ; York Union, Mitchel,
let
Ebiliellf and Stettin. Macey, Flint, lat Yucatan ; Governor
Human, Winton, fur bemerara ; and Magma, limchelur, for
Quebec.
APRIL 21..4)1w...i05 fbe Chaster, Reid, and Elisabeth and
Sank, Simmons, from St. Michael's; Prise Regent, Phillips;
Margate, Randall; and Betsy, Evans' from Waterford; Gold
Hamer, Baker; and the Lively, Grey, from Lisbon; Himmel,
Weeds'', groin Demerara; Anna Carolina, Ore, from Norway;
Ciro, Raw, iron Dublin; Arab, Barclay, from the South Seas;
aid the Adonis, Longnmack, from
Orrwaans The Wane Hamje, Onweband ; the MIND of
Ckelr. ; sad Joseph, Willson, for Rotterdam ; the Fatal.
Imikr, for the Cape of Good Hope; Perseverance, Maugban;
lintancla, Jackson I Leeds, Standering ; Packet, Rimeli;. and
hoe, Fenwick, for Hamburgh ; the Fame, Heath, for Liskom.;
Agetioria, Postgare, for Lansaiotii; Chance, Minter for An
wnp
Po, Cullen, for Calais; Mary, Jebson, for Elalsisur and St.
reteribu.gb; Nile, Park, for Jamaica; Erbaering, Gramma,
isrLubec; and Active, Hovington, for Newfoundland.

Yesterday the dispatches were finally closed at the
East-India House, and delivered to the pursers of
fife following ships, viz. Lord Castlereagh, Captain
YOUROHUSBAND • and Thomas Grenville, Captain
Amos*, fur Bengal direct.
Paseiogen per Thomss Grenville.—Mr. G. T. Fraser writer;
Lisetivant-Coleoel IL Houston, Mr. Faithful, Mrs. Sauer, for
Lieutenant and Mrs. Taylor, for Madras.
Passeogers per Lord Castlereagb.—Messrs. Dyer and Adam,
raigeens; Mrs. Ricketts cod family, Messrs. Murray, Toth, and
glition, Mr. Stacey, Mistresses Dyer, Armstrong, add Bell, for
Bengal.
We are happy to insert the following information
respecting the ship William, of Hull, received from
the Agent for LLovrts, at Stromness:
" I am bany to hoe it in my power to contradict the state-
Mut which has appeared in some of the Edinburgh papers as to
dot*, of the adtety of the ship William, of Hull, having been
Wormed.___ by lbe.Captain of the Venerable, after he put bath to
woolen to repair his damage, that the William bad sustained
As swims. blur), when she canted away the bowsprit of the
If,reablas balms seen her stand on her direct course When he
wara P. "l he Venerable bad not four (get water to bar bola
when she pat back, as represented, but oo the sonar? was quite
tight.. The ship Grenville Bay (erhiler), put bask warmness,.
Iltar,, Wog them 800 miles to the Westward, having kerb Struck
sat, which dirtied away three of the boats bulwarks, stall-
rheas, &c. and washed- two men evertor& Cm was to pro- .
reed to Greenland nitearelitted,itelpg too its for Davielltralti
They saw nothing of ticesloo ships.", - • i

LAN'

• - •
Yesterday the Loan CIIMINCELaa+R did tat at ;Elio
Coort,.3u consequence of kis Lordship beist:rod
:o attend at an e tele hour in the HOUSE Of Sp to
hear some appe .1 causes.
The VICE Cil,ordELLoß waif in his Coon sionft in
',our and a 11411 ; Init sintase of ir•terest attuned.
COURT uF KINO4 BENCR, 'APAR. In.

TOR RRGINT's CANAL COMPANY v. LoRDDONDAL .
This 4,41, 44IUi n of indekettuus ernmosit, tinder
the Act for ine,mpfirating the Reont's Canal Com•
piny, to recover the toiM of ICS" being the Arrest
tit certain instAlments claimed to be defended, in

respect to 2,0 hundreJ-pointd Shares in the mid
Mr. WARIMN, Mr. HARMON. and Mr. F. POL.

LocK, appeared as Couorel for the plaintiffs, And the
case appeared to be this. The defendant, as a sub-

scriber for shares to the amount of d2OOO in the Re-

gent's Canal, hid paid itloo on account, and now
paid into Court £3OO, with respect to which be ad-
mitted he had regular notice to pay, pursuant to a
Res:Audi:it of the Committee for managing the Com-
luesp's affairs. It appeared that the practice adopted
`by the Committee, under the Act, was to form cer
tain Resolutions, as the affairs of the Company re-
quired advances from the shareholders on account of
their respective shares, for carrying on the works of
the Canal. Those Resolutions Reed a certain time,
on or before-which the money should be paid, and
also the place it•which the payments were to be de-
posited, and dolt the deposits should be Id per
cent. upon each share? which were to be carded to
the account of George Ward, Esq. The Act of
Parliament prcscsibed no particular form of notice,
but it was the practice of the Committee to send
found a circular notice to all the shareholders, ap-
prising them of such Resolutions as had been formed
by the Committee, and requiting them to make de-
posits in the manner thereby prescribed.
The defence suggested to the present action, upon
the merits of the case, was, that the Noble lie-
kndant had already paid more money on account of
his shares than he was legally bound to do, to a Mr.
Homer, who had acted as agent Tor the Company,,
for certain purposes; and, amongst others, fur the
purpose, as was said, of raising money ; but that
that person, (who had been recently convicted of a
tread upon the Co 'spiny.' and sentenced to trans.,
portation for his offence) had not entered tie sum to
the credit.of the defendant in the Company's bookssi
In answer to this, it was stated on the part ails*,
plaintiffs, that Mr. Homer was not their agent for
the purpose of receiving money, and was only their
agent for certain purposes ; and consequently that the
defendant ought not to have paid his money to their
unauthorised Agent. But, litiweottr, heti:sic the me-
tits of the case were gone into,
Mr. SCARLET?, for the defendant, submitted that
tbe.plaintiffs had r,ot done what was necessary to en-
title themselves to bring the present action. The
46th Section of the /kit passed for regulating the SIZA.
nagenient of this Company, provided, that calla.'
should be made on the su'isciibers for payment
of dividends by the General Committee, who
were to fie the amount of such payments, the
time, place, and meaner of the same being made ;
and if, alter such coil, any subscriber should neglect
to pay, he should be liatile to be sued for the amount
Oaf h's dividend by Committee.the General Solar,
the provisione of the 46th Section went; but the 4Stai
Section reqUired something more to be done. By
the 48th Section it was provided, to entitle them-
selves to bring their action against a defaulter, it
was necessary they , should give to such defaulter a
notice of sues: call paving been made by the General
Committee. The plaintiffs had not proved, nor had,
they indeed given any such notice to Lord Dundos;
and therefore he sub:Oates:l they were not in a shun.
tion to support the present action.
Mr. Minna:: contended, that the call of the Com-
mittee was all the notice which the Act required. •
Lord EtteenAtoutot held the objection fatal, and
the plaintiffs were nunsuited.
Tile same V. LORD 3T. JOHN.
This was an actian brought by the same plaintiffs
against Lord St. John, under similar circumstances.
The same objection arose is in the let mer case, and
the plaintiffs were nontuited.
THg SANK V. BROOKSBANK.
The circumstances of this case bring the same as'
in the former ones, the plaintiffs consented to be noto
•suited.—Lord Et.eatisonoeou finished his Sittings,
having disposed of every cause, in the paper.
OLD DAILEV.
Yesterday morning Mwhard Gatliorne Butt, whose
ease is alluded to in-our repot tof the proceedings at
the Old Bailey on Saturday, was again put to the
bar, for the purpose of a farther appeal being made
to the Court on the subject of his being detained till
the first day of Term.—Mr. RICHARDSON was about
to addicts the Court, when
Mr. Baron Woon addressed the prisoner, and ask-
ed him it he had got any Counsel
The Prisoner.—No, my Lord, I have not : I -infj
tend to plead my own cause. Am Ito be tried to.daA
Mr. Baron WOOD.—Nu, you are not to be.tried
to-day; but a motion is about to be made to the
Court, in which you are interested, and to which I
wish you lo attend.
The Prisoner.—Sir Nathaniel Conant was kind
enough to offer to admit me to bail, but I refused,
preferring rather to remain in gaol till I am tried.
Mr. Itrataneses now addressed the Court as fol-i
lows:—My Lord, a motion was made on Saturday
for the detention of Mr. Butt till the first day of need
Term, and a precedent was cited by the Solicitor of
dHim Treaser, in suppoerof that. motion. Since So-
eeday, other precedents have been discovered,
toe
which I shall call your Lordship's attention. Mr.
'Butt was committed to the gaol of Newgate by Sir
Nathaniel Conant, on a charge of publishing a cer-
WA scandalous and malicious libel of and concerning
Lord Ellenborough and Lord Oesdereagh. This
commitment took.place subsequent to the conclusion
of the last Term, and• the object of the motion -ufj
Saturday, in support-of which lam now farther. to,
address you, was to have the prisoner detained or
held to sufficient bail till the first day of nest Easter
Term. Misapplication is made on the authority of
as affidavit, smile by Mr. Hobhouse, the Solicitor
for the pthsecotion, 'is which it is stated, chat an in-
formation has; been prepared against the prisoner,
and is ready for the signature of the Attorney. Gene•
Tat, I may rtovraddi that Otte inters:atlas hat.ben
signed by the Attorney-General, and will be reprerec,

* the ikb dew ColiWei.Kisis bench on the des'
deg of Term. The fartheeseeeedenti which I have
refits is support of the mu are, fits, tbe.care of
of dutuansz of Tins,. who was committed in
to
Newgate. by the Set Salary of State, fof pubs,
lishipe a libel. 1u then case, the Sessions for gaol
,delisery bering.bi between the time of commit
and the ensuing Term, -1111 Th replication- was '1.114,
the Judges a this Chart. i! at be might be
in ceitody ell the first day i f the succeeding Tens,
sad he was ordered to be di toned aecoodiaplP' "7.5.
Mr. Bison Woos.-..1t des eat that asIP
thing was said in that case of an i • hat
'bout to be filed. AU that was revised was a tier,
eueity for the appearance of the prisoner in the Clam
of King's Bench on she kit-day of Term, amlehat
was the amonated the order made.
' sr. Ricomtriom—The second case, my Lord. to
which I have to draw yore attention is that of Robert
Nixon, who was committed to Newgate on the Stit
of,January, 1737, for publishing a libel. A u,flhlar
application to the present was made. to the Coon of
Cool Delivery, on the 14th of the same month, and
the Court ordered his to be continued in custody till
delivered by the due count of law. He. wart after-
wards, on the first day of Term, removedby Habeas
Corpus to the Court of King's Beach, where an inn.
fin oration was tiled against him ; to whxh he plead- .
ed, and lie was dealr with snscording to the forms of
that Court. There is another case on the records of
the Crown Office, in which it appears, that on the
Sd of November, in the Bth of George I. a writ of
Habeas Corpus was issued,, returnable to the Court
`ef King's Bench,. for the removal of a womaa of the
:name of Mary-Dorton. It teppettied, on reference to
.111 e particulars of the case, that on the Sib of October,
1721, Mary Dbrfon was committed to the custody
of the Gaoler of Newgate, by a warrant from air
William Thompson, then Recorder of London, for
publishing a libel containing sediticeis and treason•
able matter. By this warrant she was directed to be
detained till discharged by due course of law. It
farther appeared, that on the gaol delivery of New-
gate, on the llth of October, the said Mary Dorton
was ordered to be detained, or held to bail, to appear
in the Court of King's Bench en the first day of the
ensuing Term.
Mr. Justice • DALLAS.—Does it appear vahether
these motion, were resitted by the parties?
Mr. Rienartmott.--eNo, my Lord, these are merely'
precedents, to shew that persons have been, from
time to time, ordered to be detained, or to find sure-
ties for their appearanie in the Court of King's
Bench, on the first day of the e:ituing Term. Unless
motions had been made for these orders, the priso-
ners would. as a matter of course, have been dis-
charged from custody on the last day of the Sessions
by proclamation.
Mr. Baron Wooo.—No reason is disclosed to us
for those orders having beets made : they might have
been made by consent of the parties.
Mr. RICHAROSON.—There certainly does not ap.
pear in those cases to have been any proceedings in-
stituted in the Court of King's Bench previous to
'the order made; but in the case of Mr. Butt an in.
formation has actually been signed by the Attorney.
General. He committed the offence with which he
Stands charged since the last Term, and therefore no
.other course could be taken towards him titan that
, :ism before the Court. :There is,another case, how-
beit, 'which I coulkfer siistibileeiaticlusive, and which
is analagous to the present : it is that of sc the King
v. Richardson ;!' and it will be found in Leach's
Crown Reports, 560. It was an indictmerit for per.
jury, on which a warrant had been issued in the
county. and the prisoner had been comnsittvil to
'Newgate. The prosecutor afterwards removed the
indictment, by certiorari. to the King's Bench. At
the Commisitins of Gaol Delivery 4or Newgate, Mr.
Knowles, as Counsel for the piisoner, moved that
he be discharged,. on the ground that there was no 1
record before the Court on which he could be de.
tamed. Mr. Justice Buller on that occasion said,
that when an individual was in custody, charged
with an offence, he must find bail before he can be
discharged, unless by consent of the prosecutor, or
by cite due course of law. Upon the authority of all
these cases, I trust your Lordship will see the pro-
priety of calling on the prisoner to be detained until,
lie can find bail for his appearance in the Court of
King's Bench on the first day of Easter Term.
''. The Affidavit of Henry Hobhouse, Esq. Solici,
tor for the prosecution, was then again read by Mr.
Shelton. .

Mr. RICHARNION.—My Lnrd, the application in
the present case might not, perhaps, have been ne-
ceuary. because there is every probability that the
Sessions will last beyond the first day of Term ;
but as the prisoner might have applied to the Court
alter the Grand Jury bad been discharged, for his
liberation, it was deemed proper to make it.
Mr. Baron Woos —Prisoner, you have heard the
motion which has been made, have you any thing
to say on it
Mr. Butt.—l would wish to say a few words, my
When you will allow me sore do.
Mr. Baron Woos.—Yeis may offer what you think
proper to the Court now.
Mr. Butt.—My. Lord, I have applied to Lord
Holland *and to Mr. Benoet, to present Petitions from
me to both Houses of Parliament, praying. that my
trial might be brought to issue as soon as possible.—
I have stated in those Petitions that it is my inten-
tion to remain in custody till I am hied aith regard
to the libel which I am charged as having published.
I admit that I printed, set my own name to, and
posted it. It is my deterinination not to recant one,
word of what I have stated. I maintain that every
word, which the posting-bill alleded to is clue. Wbe-
trier I shall be able to prove my words, I shall leave
to the Jury before whom lam tried, and the people.
As I am, not acquainted much with the forms of
law, may I. ask your Llrdbhip whether qr not the
ensuing Terns, as it is called, will commence on
,WedneulaY ? and whether I shall then hear any thing
of my trial I
Mr. Baron Wnon.—The ensuing Term' begins on
Wednesday, and as an reformation is to be filed
against you, you'wW,
no doubt; hear something of it.
Mr. Butt.—l than your Lordships' as I intend
to have no Counsel. I wish to be, apprised of the day
en wL;Ch. my trial is to take place. in order that I
101/vObtain the attendance of all my witnesses, sixty-
,tilfs_tfu Winker.
• Mr. Baron Woov.—You will receive due notice of
441: with respect 'satin motion below the Court, 1
.

die*. it. rather preata'a e. it will be gniti ti. I
eipough for the Court toasake an order when the psi-
sdner is brought op fo be discharged by ;nor launder.
Mr. D0r.....C10 my going to the Wes, Indies a
year, ago, I gave notice Maiesiv'. Office,'
of; Patti intent of my instading to de "Phut I have
triune • • I sent-`notice to his Majesty's Milli:ten of
what I intended.
I%e prisoner then widschew. —b is ii I.!cely. the
Judges will be called *pan se Ow their Opinion in
•this case,. u the Proclamation fur the Gaol Delivery
will ant take place until the last day of the Old Ilai-
fer Sessions, which is at least a fortnight distant, and
Term will cornatence on Wednesday nett.
The following were Convicted of te:otties, iris. J.
rJohesoa,f or stealing a jacket, a hat, and ...her articles;
Jordaw, (or stealing•a quantity of beef; R. Swinton
and J. Day, tnr stealing a quantity of woollen elo.1: ;
C. Norman. fur stealing two bridles; • and R. Sill I at.
for stealing nine shins Ed other articles, •

SPORT7kG INTRI.LIGRATCR.

11101611411110 ET MST SPRING MEETIIIO, 11117•
giniaLgr, APRIL. 21.
•
'rho Doke of Oraftotes lily Coquette, by pick /Whew., e.t•
beat Vs L. Shelley's cheroot ally, by Walton, Sat. tab. It M.
100 p.—/ to t so Cot/vette:
Tim CoCkboat Stakes of soap. each, h. ft Me roles, Aze. nut
giged is the Derby or Chdrs4 sof s, ttu lib •; Sines, Su. tem.
lord items choilut colt Fiecloarnr, by So•eeter -
Lord Oooovenur"s bay colt Huiricane. by her:Equal&
• Two psld-3 to 1 on Fax:tutor. r
Sweepstakes of tongs. each, b. tt..for cols and Milts wit out
the bread's bands at tt.e dose of ihntiog (4,11 May, Idt t;.„.
144; Slit..., 84. tbs. U.III. ' 7 lufse got by unrtlr I
siallissis, or out of untried ntarrrisdowed 31b. it Nita 3dr.
Mr. Wyndliku.'s grey cols, by Cau..pus 1
Crockfortrs bay.filly Nora err ha, by Dlek Andrews •

Three pall-4 to 1 sin Mr. Wyndbans's cok.

• 2",
3
4

Handicap Sweepstakes of lunge. each, h. ft. for i.yr•olds. A.e
' Duke of Rutland's Fandango. 7st •
Lord Darlington's Tigris, est. 91h.
Mr. Rush's Discord, 76t. Sib.
Mr. Dundais Original. 76t. ulb. , .
Oue paid—Even on lautlaego--2 to 1 agst

Mr. Wyndhiint's Skim, est. beat Mr. Lake's Prince I.eopold,
est. 41b. R.M. logs. h. ft.-6 so Son Skim.
• Lord P. Hemlock's ch. filly Miniature beat Mr. Cussans's
filly, by Waxy, est. each. .I.Y.C. 100 g& It. It.-6 to 4 apt Lurd
E. bentinck's filly.
I.ord Sandwich's colt, by Ditk Andrews, est. Ob. beat Mr.
Neville's lily Maid of Corinth, 13. t. Sib. 100gs.-6 to S
ou Lord bandwiebt colt.

Sweepstakes of longs. each, b. ft. 411.41 b.
Lord MawrWs tthy The Anibiusadriss, by Dick Androris
Lord Suffield% filly, by Sorcerer 2
WLsoo's filly, by Juniper . .
sto 4 n Ibe Ambassadrett.
Handicap Sweepstakes of tot:gli each, tuft. R.C.
I.ord Darington's Briv:lle, est. S:b.
Wage Wholey's Robinson Cruioe, lit. Mb. g
Duke of Portland's .9tifjack, 7i. sib . •
Um: paid-1 to I *gat Belville—S•o 4en Robinson Craw.
• mErrING AT TATTERSALL'S, APRIL 21.
DEA 11.
S to 1 agit Student
7 to 1 apt Sellto
7i to I sign Crispin
• to 1 apt Moineatilla
OA

13 to 1 agst Pytestot
13 to 1 sot (1.4.41/
IS to 1 NI Smasms!.
111 to i agat Ycimg ‘1 surd
,s.

S to 1 agst Nom
6 cot apt IHa Trac
9 to 1 agst Selma

Mfrs I apt Slyer to Sir lobbus
to I apt Ztlenttai/

tOIJO
7 to 4 Opt Saint I 6 to I apt Young Wizard
4 to I. apt Crispin 7 to lagit biLlown Ad •
1000 OVINEAS'irAKIS:-
5 to S not Cervantes.

The Berkeley Hounds fini.lud their hunting rtols
son last week. This crick pack Iles aicirdcd much
sport during the season, and much bold riding has
taken phicr.

The Ptineess Cnattorrr, as we learn frcrn good
authority, is in a situation which must gratify the 114.
tion at large, and give an additional security to the.
House of llitt;NswlClC.

The nuptials between Colonel Harmer and M'ss
CA ton MC to be s demnized.on ThorsdAy' next. His
Grace the Duke of %Vitus:twos will give thy lovely
bride away.
We understand that the Marqui. of Flusyri.cx is
to be appointed Governor of the Cape.ot Good Hope,
in the room of Lord Calaimes Soltsatsur. who Aces
Ito India.
Mr. Tuolisi-roN, who has been recalled from Stock..
holm, is going out as Minister to the Claud of Rh,
Janeiro,
ViscountExuount is arrived in town from Paris.
His Lordship is said to have had several conferences
with Sir Si DSLY SMITH and the other Knights at Paris
engaged in the abolition of •w: ite slavery in Attica.
In another column we have given the proceedings
on an application of the Academical Society of Chan-
cery-Line to the Quarter Sessions for a license. to dis-
cuss, as heretofore, Phikirophkal, Literary, Historkal,
and Pe/irked Sad:dr. It will be seen that two of the
Magistrates delivered their opinion, that the object of
the Seditious Meeting Bill is, h put Joan all peitical
dirrairien whitsorwer."liiis Society, to ,whictr none
arenli*iile but Members of the liiiiversitirs or of
Inus of Court, and many of whose -Members Rave
been, and are Members of Parliament, i, thus, by
the opinion of two Magistrates, In oppositio.i to that' .
of other two, debarred Iron a priviieAe enjoyed at
every tavern dinner, and condemned to the can*:
silence as the Spa-fields Orators. It remains to be
seen, whether these Magistrates have rightly inter:
()Feted the law ?
Tne last day of receiving designs for. the National
Monument, is the 30th of Tins MONTH : this hap- •
pens also to be the first day of Drawing the present
Lottery. the Scheme of which.will remain on. record
Affinannwan are perennixr," to the fame of Mr. Slv.r-
WRIGHT, the Contractor, fur the Prizes so outnumb.,
the Blanks, that!if a person buys B Ti:ketsor Share,
the odds ate in his favour that litaewillgl notl:4iayveeamdiercet: •
than one Blank, and the eniah
them be Prizes of re2o,ooo..wbilst in the Lire Low- .
ties you had no right to expect more tb.in use Prize. •
out of 5 Numbers. This,' with other unparalleled
advantages in the Scheme, would 1)1%4 caused a •
brisk Sale, it the Price of Tickets Itid not been
dined t but Mr. Stvawniata seems determined they
shall.all be disposed of; by selling tti-rn £3. cheaper; • ,
althoigh in value the' are £5. better.
It was reported on -
Saturday, but wi:'l v.hal truth
we do not pretend to say, that Gus :meat had de
termined ti make an issue Cf Exe:leiluer Nits .
at the low rat of 4J. per day. Tirc4i,sue.rat `2.d
best at reins u high premium. •

~. ..

