EVE? INQ sTAIC

ot
WEDNESDAY, APRIL ".4
THE FUNDS.: ..._:_..•.._:
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWEINE CFCLAIX.;
Consols spared Ws assaying at 74f, sod SpassiahrAnsi*
271, k, 4, 2114, at which price they remain stall! 22t:0.911$ hour%
with little doing.
FOREIGN FUNPIB;" 'qi`
Carrent Prices: Milian 67, New SIPAA16118; (Watt 110
Prussian 79, Old 70', Russian 711, Cabsallalhg.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE o'cLocx.,.
•
Bank. Stork, ,rs. div. g 04.14.
$ per Cent. Reduced, ex. dii. 73% %.
S per Cent. Consols 74 74 3/11
SIA per Cents. ex. div. 85N.
4 per Cents. Old, ex. div. 921/8-
4 per Cents. New, 911,1 s/s.
Bank Long Annuities, ex. div. 18% 13.18,
Itlipt•rial 3 per Cents 74.—codia Rotids 29x.501.
Exchequer bills of 1:1,0(Y), 12s. 15s. pin ;.
• Consols for Account 741 74-74%.

~:~~

* ' LONDON.

~ 1

'''a~

•• ,

•
, We now lay before our Readers the French Dectt.
ration or Manifesto, which, in a Second Edition of
our Monday's Paper, we mentioned had arrived is
town. It is signed " Louis Awroma" (the Duke of
ANGOULEME), and countersigned by " Matertovscct
the ambulatory diplomatist alluded to by I.
DONNA'S,. A more reasonless, vapouring,'and• -
sembling document we have seldom reed. •
The French Government, we are-told, se hag er.
dured, for two whole years, with -Ipledr
the most unmerited pi ovocr
Now it is not one year sii
.proclaimed to the world
.this as north is to south.
:ion of the Chambers; on the
thus he expressed himself
te announce to you thats.
Powers continue to be of the
And referring more
with respect to which there I
very hostile nature, he added.
cautions which have kept'
contagion which has rave)
The. present. season does nr
relax these precautions, and
them as long as the safety
it. Malevolence alone can ,
e motive foreign to my real
we have Louts, the King, di
thing that is now asserted
ANTOINE. Which statemem
The Kixo's, of course; and
because it is from an authorik
second, because it is the oldest,
Suspicion which is fairly el-
having. been invested for ,
tifyingtheinfasion of Spail
ceed,:---dg The resolution
stroyed Royal authority in yr
your KING captive—whici
and which threatens the lift
of mere assumptions, of not
least probable evidence befr
volutionary faction, it is
" its culpable efforts " beyond
Another mere assumptions
French Ministry can hay,
they must have been able
impression on our Premier
publicly avowed.—" It has
Army of his Most Christi'
troubles in France." Ver;
Spaniards have done so; but
Can anything of the kind
before the organization' of
French soil, the opening of
Loan in the French capital,
a Spanish Revolutionary Regency,
tection? Did they attempt
his MOST CHRISTIAN MASSATT,
presented itself on' their
bayonet them into is.benev,
We firmly believe, that till
guilty of the conduct which
Spaniards, the latter stood
of the kind ; and for recent
le.: talionis furnishes ample
But it is not to France
Spanish faction has extended
it " has disseminated the f'
trines and of its examples
So, then, the Spaniards are
cause the Neapolitans and
of their example, made soi
for themselies the blessings
Is it not enough that th,
defeated ? But were the c:
Spaniards be to blame for
• which they have no controul
nr

~.~ : ~

.iot said, it• Will be observed,
more than its doctrines and
3Pietiment; and these are-,,
to all the world alike,
-%%-hich• it was •not in any he
(*he Neapolitans and Fedmantese
nations
.which have caugi
and if the Spaniards are
the Grand Turk ought will
an• army against them, be(
Grceks. •
• " It is Lime," continu,

•signea by '• flittyrtmlan;* drl
it alluded to by al. Bona. svc
rnless, vapouring, and dh. ;.' e
ve seldom read. •
mt, we are told, i 4 has er. •
ib
with unexampled patience,
cations."
since the KING or Fiance
something as opposite to •
At the opening of the Ser. tb,
the 4th of June last, it was
I have the satisfaction
•my relations with foreign ► roe
the moat amicable slentrai of
ore particularly to *is, sae
re had been rumours.44
ded, a I have adopted.'").
a from our frontiert-dil b
waged a part of
not permit that we 'bona
d I shall therefore continue. :
of the country may require
t discover in these mantes
al intentions." Here, ;ben, • mg
directly contradicting every
by his beloved son, Luau iti
lent ought we to believe? d
.nd for two reasons; fa%
sthority, the very •
oldest, and free from ,-•
chargeable on the other" 41
the present purposed* St
laid: The declarntiolliel‘ 714
wry faction whirl
the:.
your couotry....wilkii hot the;
ch demands his abd. • op
'fe of his famili".--A - 4 iil
tot one of which Luber'.
pefore the svntld. This
s farther said, has c,. • bot
yond the Spanish
1, of the truth of which* is q
ve no evidence; other*
le to make a very difeseet
er from that which beim
as attempted to corrupt* , •
ian Majesty, and to excite •
ry recently, we beliertf;tlr • 1
ut who first set theexamitill foH
I be proved against tbsp
the Bands of the Fslthos "•.
Ola
of a Spanish Revoltstialralf
d, and the establishilii "
Regency, under French` slt•
ipt to corrupt the Wit; 11.111.
ASUTy, before thatilitey
• frontiers, th `0 "ag,
aevolence and
[ the French themielvestea 1110
ich they noWisipalif:ilkie
id blameless of `
t occurrences, • —'• •' •
le apology... • :
. .
*lle,..4.lce!ngt
ded its 14 calpabiedi*;
fatal
to Napes it •
•
re to be punish
„0 •
d Piedmontese,
some endeavossis'
gs of constitithad '
hese encfeo4.4l4
case otherwisc,Ain
T what . other,- •
-AM
oul, may chuseasestit
c), that Spit`
rsdeaampleNitirs 4„„0
presents
and the- slime • .
• .
human tiower4a -
dmar.tese ti•C:
ght the.rebejliOS, - 1411
it:iau•t)otisedt.suufrayl.trtorreotison.. 5,
5a1c0t41...: *spit
•
• ofifil
1041
des the ALI-jean, " to
•

. . . a
an en
_t....u0-81.1Pe!..-704g1i-"sti4 3r!r.ettilte. ii
. a i . . . .
Pots thepo,.(rci:ss.rsair,
rends-ei4114 bei. ICOto Cu•
... her Dimino -1441:1-serocatkes •,
Peace " •
, ..
rope, oa.
we hare here a slightglirpse offshore prospects;
and we. are free to confess that !hal is, in thh allu.
spun to .010iics,
something which affects us as Eng-
lishmen more nearly than anything that has been
yet started on the subject of the pending war.
We had yesterday some strange information about
a French fleet hoveting about Cuba; and we
.can
only sal, that if the possession of Cuba is one of
those measures which the French Government con-
ceives to be necessat y for 4, giving peace to the Colonies"
of Spain, that the attempt to obtain it will alter en-
tirely the relation in which England at present stands
as to the question of war.
The Manifesto concludes, after all, with assuiing
the Spaniards that " France is not at war with them !"
So used the French to talk in the days of their Re-
publican fraternization.—Are those days returning,
that we have the same sort of cant repeated to us?
PROCLAMATION. •
THE DUKE D'ANGOULEME, GENERAL IN CIII Er Or THE
ARNIE OF TItE PYRENNEEs, TO THE SPANIARDS.
The King of France, by recalling lila Ambassador from Ma-
d: id, hoped that the Spanish Government, warned of its dangers,
~c,uki return to more moderate sentiments, and would cease to
be deaf to the Counsels of benevolence and reason. Two month
and a half have passed away, and his Majesty has in vain ex-
pected the establishment in Spain of an order of things compa-
oic with the safety of neighbouring States.
The French Government has for two entire years endured,
via a forbearance without example, the most unmerited pro.
I.;c:aiut.; the revolutionary faction which has destroyed the
royal authority in you: country-swhich holds your King captive
—which calls fur his dethronement—which menaces his life and
tatuf his family, has carried beyond your frontiers its guilty
eZsts. It has tried all means to corrupt the army of his Most
Ch4tion Majesty, and to excite troubles in France, in the same
roamer as it had succeeded by the contagion of its doctrines and
of its exampk to produce the insurrections of Naples and Pied-
mont. Deceived in its expectations, it has invited traitors, con-
&mud by oar tribunals, to consummate, under the protection
of triumphant rebellion, the plots which they had fanned
egaimt their country. It is time to put a stop to the anarchy
which tears Spain in pieces, which takes from it the power of
uuliog its colonial disputes, which separates it from Europe,
which has broken all its relations with the august Sovereigns
ohm the same intentions and the same views unite with his
Not Christian Majesty, and which compromises the repose and
wants of France.

Spaniards! France is not at war with your country. Sprung
frees the same blood as your Kings, I 'can have no wish but for
you independence, your happiness, your glOry. lam going to
cross the Pyrennees at the head of 100,000 Frenchmen ; but it
is in nada to unite myself to the Spaniards, friends of order and
of the laws, to assist them in setting free their captive King, in
raising again the altar sad the throne, in rescuing Priests from
proscriptions, men of property from spoliation, and the whole
people from the domination of an ambitious few, who, while
they proclaim lalerty, are preparing only the slavery and ruin
of Spain.
Spaniards! Everything will be done for you and with you.
'lle French are not, and wish not to be, anything but your
asillbrin. Your standard atone shall float over your cities:
the provinces traversed by our soldiers shall be administered in
the name of Ferdinand by Spanish authorities; the severest dis-
cipline shall be observed; everything necessary for the service
et the way shall be paid for with scrupulous punctuality; we
dim pretend either to impose laws on you, or to occupy your
awry; we wish nothing but your deliverance; as soon as we
shall have obtained it, we will return to our country, happy to
lave preserved a generous people from the miseries produced
br revolution, and which experience has taught us but too well
to appreciate.
Head-quarters at Bayonne. April 2, 1823.

The rest of the provisions of this Bill are to regu-
late the bonds to be given at the time of registry; to
proscribe painting the names of all vessels on the
stern ; to provide for the certificate of registry being
lost, or detained ; to cause vessels altered to be regis-
tered anew ; to allow of vessels condemned as prizes
to be registered ; and sundry other things, which it
is not necessary to repeat.

cc-
It.,
be-
.ioe

.a in
iv !
ten

It .01
ill!

LOUIS ANTOINE.
By his !loyal Highness the Prince Gencral-in-Chief, the Coun-
sellor of State, Civil Commissioner of his Most Christian

Dutch Papers came to hand late yesterday. The
following are extracts:

STOCKHOLM, MARCH 18.
Two persons have been arrested by the Police, and
examined respecting the scandalous letters to the
Governors of the Provinces, with the forged signature
of General Hoist, but this has not afforded any clue
towards the discovery of the crime.

The motion fot making the sittings public was yes-
terday discussed in the Chamber of Nobles ; and,
after a long and animated debate, rejected by a ma-
jority of 127 votes. The motion has likewise been
'ejected by the Clergy and the peasants, and only
die Chamber of Citizens has declared in favour of
the publicity of the debates.
Pratenoses, Ddarch 111—Estrange en London, 9. 5-16.
Amsterdam, O.—Hamburg'', 8. 23.52.—Paris, 100/.
Hard SO.—Exchange on London, 9.17-s2.—Ham-
s 8.15,16.
• bus, Hach 29.—Exchange on London, 3 M. 7. 51.
Vann, March t2.—Exchange on London, 3 M. 10.23.
Ilaaraotem, April I.—A Holiday—no Exchange noted.—
him done on Lend= st 37. 1.

Yesterday, the Duke of YORK, as Commander-in-
(lief. held a Levee at his Office in the Horse Guards,
which was attended by upwards of fifty Officers, &c.
The Duke and Duchess of GLOUCESTER have been
imposed with a slight cold.
Mr. Baron GARROW hat been some days confined
21. Massone. It may be recollected theirs was much
;11feeposed at the commencement of his Circuit, the
Mown Di which were unusually severe.
Lord FITZROY &MUSE; whose arrival in Paris
Trek Madrid we announced a few days ago, reached
titint last night.
Il.e Rev. Dr. MACFARLANE, of Drymen bas
been k I.! I
n appointed by ussImAJZSIT Principal of Glasgow
College.
We understand that Mr. Heuse's new Tragedy
Stailed Durum, and that the scene of it is laid in
pairu

~A.SetenclEdkion of the interesting Memoirs of
D 1 Antoinette, AntoineUe, by Madame CAMPAII, will appear
to•rr‘c: rcw, in Dna wad English.

Although we think some of the liberal provisions of
this Bill ought to have been extended—for example,
that ships the. property of British subjects residing.
in his Majesty's dominions, and not employed in any
traffic contrary to law, should be entitled, wherever
built, to the privileges of British ships—yet we are
well pleased to acknowledge, that the Bill, as it at
present stands, will confer a great benefit on our
shipping. Like the other measures recently brought
forward on the subject of trade, it has *tendency to
simplify and consolidate the laws, to lessen their,
number, and make them snore comprehensive. It
is another proof, also, of the mode in which his Ma-
jesty's Government know how to adopt measures re-
commended brsound knowledge, while they lend
'no countenance to the wild innovations of hot-headed
enthusiasts.

Yesterday, a Ballot was taken at the East India
House, for the determination of the following question :
is That the Court of Directors be requested and enjoined to
present Pethione, in the name and on behalf of the East India
Company, to both Houses of Parliament, praying for an eqsali-
zealots of the Duties an East and West India Sugars, and for
permission to be heard by Counsel before the two Humes of
Parliament respectively, in support at their claims."
At six o'clock the Glasses were closed and delivered
to the Scrutineers, who reported the numbers to be—
For the Question - - 479
Against It 189
Majority - —.290
Accounts from Cape Coast state, that the na.
tives are suffering front a misunderstanding with. the
Asbantee country, which has preyed very detriawn-
tal to their trade. and it is feared nothing bat arniiis
tary force will bring the King of Asbantee to terms.,
negociation /taring as )et proved unsuccessful. A
small force would et.tle this business. and the natives
of Cape Coast have some• reliance in Sie,C/eArtaisn
MAcotarsiv*s friendly interference. : • '•
Property to the amount of 00,000 has been em-
barked by battlers in Van Diernen's Land, and ibis
only including sums above 41110.

;IMPORTANT .sourarc.SHIPPING AVTEREST. riff nr.• • I
•Fp* Rile isTimuNG „i• The tinJermentionethetitleiVaueiumbeplliarcb;win be
Ali > ilk at.pteirnt before Parliament,- led kbe fit course of payment iso the ledi inst. to those ber,•to.
fore borne on the Irish Ratabllshmeut, alf-pay to Re-
read in the House of Commons a second time to- !duced Officers of hi, Majesty's Lind Pores; Unattached' Pay
morrow, is likely to gave a ver cofisiderable in- of Gne ral Offiser% Full and Heil-pay of Retired (Geer:, Pap
y ofAedjutonts of. Local Milita, Royal Bounty, Foreign Half-Payt
Suence on the shipping of this country: It has just I and Foreign Quarterly Pension s.
beers printed,' and we shall point out the clauses Commissions in the Ist (or Highland) Regiment of Local Mill-
ed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Mid-.
which we think of importance. The practice of re- °a' signed
gistering vessels is by no means a novelty, and, in Colonedi Alexander Murray MacGregor to be Colonel-Com-
m Commua,ionsat. in the Chepstow truth, it is the registry which establishes the na- Troop of Yeomanry, signed by
tionality. Acts of Parliament have been frequently the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Monmouth.
John Buckle, Gent. to be Lieutenant, vice Weds, aceigned-
made, confining this, with all its privileges to vessels • James Proctor, Gent. to be Cornet, vie* Baklwys, resigned.
built in his Majesty's dominions; but as these Acts
were passed at different times, and have different,
and, in
.some senses, contradictory provisions, this
law repeals them all and supplies their place. Its
first clause of impoitanee, therefore, is one of repeal.
It then goes on to enact, that no vessel shall enjoy
the privileges of a British ship unless registered; and
to point out who are the persons to grant thy register,
and the conditions on which it is to be obtained; only
British-built ships, or ships built in some of the colo-
nies or plantations,- &c. can obtain a register. Ships
repaired is a foreign country, if the repairs cost.more
than a certain sum, lose the privileges of a Di itish
ship. Ships are to be registered at the port to which
they belong, and this is deemed to be that port near
which the subscribing owner lives. •Even his Ma-
jesty's subjects (and of course foreigners) residing in
foreign countries, unless pat users in or agents to some
house carrying on trade at home, cannot be owners.,
But what we consider the most important clause'
and improvement in the present Bill, is an alteration
in the mode of measuring ships, to determine their
tonnage. At present the real depth of the vessel i.
not ascertained, but is assumed to be a certain space,
in proportion to her length and breadth. As the
tonnage duty is levied according to this admeasure-
ment, these has always been a strong motive for
building ships of a greater depth than that assumed
to be the proper proportion to the length and breadth.
The consequence has been, that our merchant-ships
have been in general constructed much too deep in
proportion to their 'length and breadth. They are
built to carry snore than they measure.
They are, in general, neither such fine sea boats,
such swift sailers, nor such handsome vessels, as those
of the Ames icans, French, Greeks, or Spaniards, who
have ne motive arising from an ill-judged law to de-
part from the just rules of naval as chitectus e. From
the construction of our vessels, being too deep, it
makes them labour and strain much more than they
ought, and has frequently occasio,ned the loss of both
ships and cargoes. This method of measuring ships
was, therefore, an encouragement to build badly
formed ships; and by the present Bill this encourage-
ment is done away. It enacts, very rationally, that
the depth of the ship shall be actually measured at
three points, and the breadth at five; and with these
data and the length, it gives a concise rule for ascer-
taining pretty correctly the real tonnage of every
vessel. Whatever form, therefore, our ships may be
built of, their real and nominal tonnage, will hence-
forth be neatly the same, and there will be no longer
any motive for building ships in any other farm than
what is suitable to the trade in which they are em-
ployed and the seas they have to navigate.

NA VAL INTELLIGENCE.

Yesterday, a Court of Directors was held at the East India
House, when the following Commanders took leave of the
Court, previous to departing for their respective destinations,
viz.—Captain THOMAS BAKER, Lowther Castle; Captain June
Hies, Bombay.; Captain Ricuitan RAMC!, Warren Hastings;
and apt. W. H. C. Datairwer.e, Vansittart, for China direct.
The Andate, Young, from Montrose to Shields, was lost on
the Fern Islands, on Friday; crew and part of the stores saved.
The Maria, LAILCSIZ, from Aberdeen to London, was lost yes-
terday morning on the Shipwash Sand ; crew saved.
Pour° limo, Jaw. 10.—There are nine privateers out from
this island ; and more are fitting out. Two English ve.sels have
been taken on their passage from St. Domingo to Spain, and
condemned without trial.

F %talcm!, Aram 7. Wind N. F..— Arrived the General
Brock, HA lINIOND, ftomTrepani, In seventy-three days, for Jersey.
PLYMOUTH, Arras. 7.—Wand !C.F..-- Arrived the Dwastr,-
man.of-war cutter, from Jersey,and Thorns: frigate, from Putts-
mouth. A schooner is now coming in under quarantine. Sailed
the &ale, PRATT, for St. John's, New Bninswick • Vigilant,
F.-t, for St. John's, Newfoundland; Essex, Wise, for Havre;
and Spartan, Bocg, for St. Mary's.
Arati. B.—Wind N.E.—Passed by, down Chan-
nel, the Charles Forbes, BaIIOEN, fur Bombiy. Arrived the
Flora, Mooaa, for Smyrna ; Heroine, Scott, for Cadiz, having
sprung her mainmast ; Mary Ellen, Geier. fur St. Mich-it:l's and
Quebec. The Richard, WILLIAMSON, from the Downs fur Dv-
maraca, came in for passengers, took them on hoard, and sailed.
Dim, APRIL B.—Wind E. by N.—Came down from the River
yesterday the Surry, GA anurt, for Honduras; Hiopewell, Paws,
for New Brunswick; and sailed in the course of last night, with
the whole of the outward-bound, for their different destinations,

with a fine breeze at Fast, except the William bides Indianian,
which vessel did not sail till after post this morning.
Auarvro.—At Cadiz, the Arid, Allen ; and Willing blind,
Fowlew, from London. At I3oordeaux, Itoxalane, —, from
the Mauritius; and the Manchester Packet, —, from Z:ew
York. At Marseilles, Severn, Field, from Gibraltar. At Leg-,
horn, Betsy, Miller, from the Clyde.
PACICZTIL—Orders have been received at Plymouth Dock-
yard, to fit the Fnottc, 10-gun brig, as a packet, with reduced
masts and yards : she is to carry a complement of 25 men. The
&moos and Became, of the same class, are also to be fitted for
service. Seamen enter very slowly for the guard-ships, either
at Portsmouth or Plymouth.
