--lIMIFIREFO7"77

PIPP7PTeRIi--

Ta' E

EN IN G STA it.

LONDON.

TUESDAY...I-75TE .24, MS•
auswaimuis tur—mounAT AT MS

STOCK EX(7IIANGE, TWELVE U'CI.O(K.
We have a grert number of arrivals this morning from North
and South America, and from the North of Europe.
Consols opened this morning at 99X; bat soon after it was re-
ported that Ministers bad proposed to the Finance Committee to do
away with the Sinking Fund, when Consols receded to 6111.
CITY. HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.
We can state, on good authority, that a Tartar has arrived at
Corfu from Constantinople, with an invitation from the Porte for
the English and French Ambassadors immediately to proceed to
Constantinople to treat for peace ; but as the Russian Ambassador
was nut also invited, it was expected they would not go ; but there
is no doubt, on the return of the Tartar, the Russian Ambassador
I will also be invited, when negisciations will be entered into ins-
, mediasely. Consols are at 111111 for the Account.
FOltEi U PS, TWO art7LOCK
Brazilian Ras. Sp('t. 6471 1
l)o Acct.6Sl 41 5 41 1 Portug. lido. 5p(7.601
Elmo,. A,. r• a Mir,. 6p C. Do Acct 61 601 1
DoAcct 45 Russ. Rds.lll2Z, 5 per Ct. 921
Chilbn Bonds, 6 per Ct. 61 . 130 Ac‘ t. 9SI
',Nosh lids. 3 pCt. 61 Fr. Itentes. 6 p .C. 1051
Mez.13dx,11125,6 pC:. 40 391 Exchange. esf Soc
B&ITISH AND lostlittlN SHAKES, TWO O'CLOCK.

' CNA Illt. PAID.
11..g10 Mexican 100 90
Brazilian 3$ 20
United Mexican 40 %d
Guardian Fire As. 100 10
General Steam Navigation 100 15
Provincial Bank of Ireland lOO 25
____.

at
SS lei
14
to'

A Cabinet Council inetiiiisifternoon at the Foreign
OSee, in Downing-street, and was numerously attended.

The Duke of WELLINGTON'S reply to the questions
put by Lord Gaosvasoa last night, on presenting a
Petition ' against West India Slavery, will be highly
satisfactory to those who entertained doubts—with as

little ground as many other doubts have been raised—
of the sincerity of the desire of the Government to
put down the Slave Trade. The principles of the re-
solutions of Parliament for the mitigation and gradual
Abolition of slavery, and the Order in Council rs+ued
thereon, are to be strictly carried into effect. Some
delay seems to have arisen in putting them into prac•
tice, but it will soots vanish before the power of a wit-
ling Premier.

The French Papers mention the commencement of
the bombardment of Brailow, by tie Grand Duke
MICHAEL, ssd that the besieged had entreated an ar-

mistice for three days.which had not bees gralited them.
A surrender of the garrison will most probably follow.

The private correspondence from Portugal continues
to present a melancholy picture of the anarchy and
cbnfusion reigning in that disturbed country. That
'some serious event is on the eve of taking plate cannot
be doubted, but the total want of communication be-
tween the different Provinces, enable the partisans of
the Constitutional cause to be very little aware of the
real motions of Don Mtouet.'s forces. The meeting of
the Cones was to take place on the 17th instant, at the
Hall of the Palace of AjuJa, prescribed by the Charier
as the place of Meeting, and the result will, az all
events, be to inspire confidence into the respect able part
of the Portuguese, on whom fear now operate, to pre.
vent the r boldly joining the Constitutional side. Great
anxiety seems to be felt for England to take some part
in the contest—..an anxiety which, unfortunately for
Portugal, cannot, consistently with the policy of Great
&haul, or of national law, be at present relieved.
Whether the necessity for our interference will oc•
cur, is a matter entirely of speculation ; but to do
so merely to uphold the charter is contrary to the
principles so often la;d down by our Government.'
absurd report of the resignation of the Duke
of CLartszcce had reached Oporto, and bad con-
tributed not a little to increase the fears which
were prevalent on the change of our Ministry. The
citizens of Oporto will leaf a the continuance of the
Lord Hints ADMIRAL at the post he tills with so much
satisfaction to this country, with as much plea.ure as
they must have read the late declarations of the Duke
of WALLINGTON and Mr. Pm, upon their intentions
with regard to Don Micauxes conduct.

By the Dutch Mail this morning we have received
the Berlin State Gazette to the 18th lust, It contains,
the important information of the crossing of the Da-
nube by the Russian army, at three different points, on
the 7th or June, after some resistance on the part of
Ithe Turks ; but the Chief, and 1,000 of the Zaporoga
Cossacks, in which the Turks had principally relied,
having joined the standard of the invader', they were
ultimitely routed with great loss of men and 12 pieces
of cannon ;• the loss of the Russians on this occasion is
'stated to amount to 50 men.

The fullowiug ale extracts:—
Jima 16. •
According to the latest accounts, the Russians actually crooned
the .Danube on the 7th inst. at three points.. The Turks offered
some resistance, but when 1,000 Zaporoga Cossacks,on whom they
principally relied, went over with their Iletman to the Russians,
they were completely routed, after a short contest. The loss of
the Russians amoucted to 50 men ; 12 cannons and one mortar
were taken from the Tarks.—Prussion Stark Gazette, Jane 17.
Joni 18.—The Stets Gazette has the following articles
FRONTIERS OF TURXEY.

" The Seraskier is said to have received orders to march with
part of the troops assembled at Adrianople, and to defend the pas-
sage of the Danube. The Solt an himself intended to go to Adria-
nople. It is said that there are only 2,000 men at Sebumla."
1- The following is given as a list of the Sultan'. troops:
blassouri or Regular Infantry . • . 40,000
Spahis (regular Cavalry) . . • 10,000
Topachi, &c. (Cannoneer., &c.) • . 20,000
Artillery la the fortresses on the Bosphorus
and the Dardanelles . . . . 10,000
In all, organised in the European manner . 80,000
Albanians . • • • • . 20,000
Bosalaks . • . . . • . 10,000
Rumellots and Bulgarians . . . 20,000
Asiatics . • • • . spoo
is all, founded on the old system, and m-
aembied by the Paehas . . . 15,000
Deducting front them 145,000 men, 55,000 required for the pr-
risme of the capital and the Castle. and fur the batteries of the
Kosphoraukand the Dardanelles, and 10,000 to keep the Greeks in
check, there remain only 80,000 men to opi on the Russian army
on the Danube.

-Myceliahose are Rae lachuled the troop. of Kedsdaid and Ibra.
b ambit of Oba Paatai litctroual auti the eddies of the
