r• • I
Il' i
.
i :
'
- • , . .
. . s .. •
low the paltry artifices of the other side to gull you e
/1',4 VAL INTELLIGENCE. •' 7 '.*
`IVET3IINSTE•Ii ELECTION. -'..:s atid4;..lfohhOuse. is not..—(Groctits.)--I wish yOu a
out of your independence, and force you to eat the • I. t • ......--
good night. I hope to see you all on Monday."-
-........
rAtmonmpea.lB.--WindW.—eAnieed the Duke . SEVENTH DAY. • (Much uproar.) bread of slaves—(Cries of No, no, and cheers).—
Those who have done so, no doubt have scarcely
in 14 day& Saturday,Sir FRANCIS BURDETT now stepped forward, and i) ,
cheers).—
t; r- Packet, with a mail from Lisbon,
the state of the Poll was declared at
i F.,. Ha—Arrived the Prince Ernest Packet, with the
usual hour, when the numbers were-as follow: whether it was that the immense multitude assembled swallowed the contemptible meal, when they have 1
e .1 from Lisbon, in eight days ; and the Nocton Mr. LAMS - - 1824 bad at length grown hoarse from the incessant exer- been exposed to the reproaches of their own minds,
for having allowed an opportunity to slip, of assert- i 4
;sal
acket, with a mail from Ito Janeiro, in 60 days. Mr. Homeocse -
- -
- - 1131 cise of their lungs, or whether from the more likely
ing that first principle of Englishmen—the liberty : 1. I
• . Major CART meter - .. - 57 influence of his personal popularity, the Honourable ;I (
piesiourie FEBRUARY 20.—Wind W.--i-Put back
The crowd was immense, and exceedingly tumul- Baronet delivered the following sjech, which was of a free vote•—(Applause).-1 now take my leave of ; . I
'. ; t
Stockton, --, for Calcutta.
Fen. el,—Wind W.—Arrived the tuous. The poll board having been hung up in the heard with some attention:—", Gentlemen, you are You; but before I
peetsmouT", ' •go, let me implore you, when
next we meet to recollect, that it is but fiiir and just 1 ,
i
• tilda, Cuarmiss, from Opotaci. It has blown a usual place in front of the Hustings, and the time not now to learn, for the first time, notwithstanding . •
Is e all day, hut is now more moderate. The having arrived' when the Candidates are in the habit the hissing within the booth, and I am rather sorry
..niers!' the outward-
to give every man s fair hearing who shall address
nrY g• ' bountimpear to ride in safety. of making their Addresses, it was expected that silence to hear income from the quarter from whence it does himself to you."—(fleiterated dicers). • ,
•
Nu.. r„,. ei.-.Wind W.—Came down front would have been in some degree obtaiped, but this come, that a very few persons in a large assemblage The I knowable Baronet and Mr. Nom:mu then
withdrew. Mr. LAMS and his friends left the bust- • i
et River last evening, tug Spanish Patriot, Dumf., expectation was not realized. b
may succeed in creating confusion, and preventing
. Cadiz ; Vestal, —, for Yucatan ; the latter lost Mr. Hontio,use in vain made several efforts to ob- those from hearing who may wish to hear (Apolausc.) ings at the same time. ..,
~ 07
yanc
hor and cable, and has been supplied with tam a hearing. But the histant the word " Gentle- I have only to lament once more—and if I have
:my Mr. WOOLER then came forward amidst loud up-
.her. Arrived, and remain in the ' Demos, the men" escaped his lips, all was roar. lie said he came there to asce:fain who was chaos. The cry then influence, I hope it may not occur when we meet on
Madras,. &c. Wooten, was, ". They are Lamb's hired party!" This cry was a future occasion—that you have not•given a patient the popular favourite, and if he had not been able to r .
4, Suoitr, from Bengal,
,another of '6 If one party can cause inter- hearing to every person who may wish to have ad-
- met with ascertain who was; upon looking to the state of the \ .
;aeon, from Africa and Madeira.
Give poll, lie certainly discerned who was not.—(Hisses, - , • ?(
DoVER, FEBRUARY 20.—Shiled this day the Prin- region, you see, " can anGibiy." In vain did Mr. dressed you. It is an old and good maxim—' . • ; 1
Charlotte packet, Captain . , use make his bow and smile, and claim a every man a clear stage.' Let there be no favour;
Wm./tens with a Hobho and loud cries of " Off, off!")—If the Electors did not ' i
y offer precedence to but lef every man make his way in the besj way he wish to hear him, he would retire. (Cries '‘ We don't • li
land passengers for Ostend, ernithe King George, hearing—in vain did he polite] s, il • ss
ea e with a mail and passengers fin Calais. Mr. Lamb, who as politely declined the favour.— is able (Applause.) Gentlemen, I shall be vet), short —be off. —Mr. Wooler finally retired without deli- f t'
flit, fee 9
. lye ! ties afternoon the Chichesterpacket, Captain About this period of the day the flooring of one of in my address to you this day ; and the more so, be- vering any speech.
er -
Freer., and a French packet, from Calais, with the booths tu front of the Hustings gave way, but cause Ido not think it fair that all the speaking Mr. WALKER, in defiance of all opposition, and E is
the immense crowd which pressed upon it, brought should be on one side (Applause.) But, Gentlemen, amidst universal confusion, then addressed the mul- ' 'r
ieseegcrs. .
fottv.,,t Rs( 21,—Wind West, and blows hard with it so evenly to the bottom, that we did not hear of I cannot but congratulate the electors of Westminster titude. He knew, he said, that the Rump were his
,11,1, eerain,Arrivel this morning the Lord Dun- the occurrence of any accident. Several ladies were at seeing how weak and languid the poll is kept up enemies; but he cared not ; he was an independent
3 packet, Captain PASCOE, from Ostend, with a in the booth, and' the confusion of their situation ap- by our enemies, notwithstanding every means which man, and as far as his voice went, at least he would , ' •
i•
peered to be the only circumstance which tickled the corruption and terror could suggest (AT/ ) Car- protect Westminster from the dictation of a base and 'I
Lei and passengers. . awe.
soes, Fxsaenar 20.—Nit Ind S. W.—The Vrow fancy of the crowd, and gave a momentary pause to rinse with coronets have been pressed] into the ser- contemptible oligarchy. Ile passed high encomiums
(e':irina, from Amsterdam to Batavia ; and Lord the uproar which prevailed. vice, and Ladies of title and rank, have condescended upon the virtuous and venerable Major Cartwright,
la:'l:ngton, WASPS, from London to Bengal, put in Mr. iiamansa was at length prevailed upon by on this occasion to make dupes and ideots of those and lamented that there was neither spirit nor honour 'I r 1
I i
,:,, st evening.-21st, heavy gales ant squally his friends to make another effort—again he was who have bartered their independence for the sake of enough among the Electors to return that father of i i
obliged to stop with the word " Gentlemen"—and being brought in a
,fine coach to the poll.—(Cheers, 1 , .
( 4 :::::.; Westward. Reform to Parliament. •
Dec. s.—Arrived the Lord Sid- he then said—" I wish you a good day, lam sorry and cries al, Shame!') Mr. Lamb has told you that The business was thus concluded, with the steep- i; se
Rio JeNsisso,
for Botany Bay-fith, his Ma- I can't be licara.".(Ceiesfrom these min were ;war there is more solid satisfaction in a breakfast than in lion of a deternained attack upon Mr. Hunt, who re- convict ship, . , •
'- pis ship Omer, .and sailed on the 15th—i lth, enough to hear him—" 0 ! don't go yet ; dash at them, following our banners and a band of music. Some mained on the hustings till the I:tst, and who, upon
' 71 ize &pie.. convict ship, for Botany Bay--I4th, the they hear
.yott.")—At length Ms. Hobbouse being may be found who may think in this way; but I have getting,into a hackney-coach which waited for him, )1 , 1
'-i
Grace pacs.e-17th, his Majesty's ship ICA nu& tired of waiting in the vain expectation of obtaining no hesitation in believing that the greater part of this was assailed with dreadful outcries, and only escaped ) 1 ..
~.:,711.,,e, Feireuear 16.—Came in yesterday, his a general hearing, said (looking at the Reporters who Electors of Westminster are not so contemptible as a rougher handling by the quick driving of the coach- ? !
were near him)—" Well then,bedupes of these
I must speak to those to the artifices; or, are not in a man, who left
31..riest;•:, ship *ART AN, on a cruise.a crewd of assailants behind, vetting
la vtamot, FEBLUARY 19.—Arrived the Alexan- Gentlemen who are, near me." He then proceeded situation so unfortunate as to be unable to exercise their displeasure in angry words. The carriage was, . i
der, scums, (rem the Isle of France; sailed 10th as follovias—" Gentlemen, the extraordinary exer- their free andindependent votes.—(Loud and repeated however, followed by many to Mr. Hunt's house in
l)a..r.iber. The ,tereury, and Triton, were loading tions of the friends of my antagonist have placed him _ors,)--Coiavioced am I that the' Electors of West- Norfolk-street, where a sort of opposition shout r,f 11 1,11
for Live:Tint on Ist January. The Cossack sailed for again at•the head of the poll. I call them extraor. monster will not be intimidated by the threats of friends and foes was kept up, until both sides were
lainc ..16th December. The Pelmets sailed for Cal• denary, not because they have been very great, but power, or by the base tricks of corruption ; that they fatigued, and mutually agreed upon a retreat. I.
cva ed December. Ilis Majesty's ships TRISSCOs because they have been of a novel and very unusual will not sell their independence for a mess of pottage ! (ale Alderman Wool) has published a letter, stating, tiu.t so
far front having canvassed for Mr. Lams, he has rot, tither i
gAur, and 'rove,/ sailed for the Cape of Good Hope kind. There has been another public breakfast to- (Cheering, and cries ef, Neoer!)—ln following our previous to, or since the commencement of the contest soli- •
ei: December; ea the lit January, in lat. 23. 26. S. day, and besides this, the beadles,_ watchmen, and banners, there is a satisfaction of the mind—a senti- cited a single vote for either of the Candidates.—A Nulsehas
j. .. 11. 7. E. spoke the Cossack, all well, and was other gentlemen of the parish of St. James, have been went which shews an attachment to freedom, and an aao been issued front Mr. ifosuousE's coneeittee, intimating,
0 een.ii at St. Helena for the mail; on 9th January, brqught up, under the immediate superintendence of utter contempt for the wretched slave, who is obliged that they presume, in consequence of the worthy Alderman's
) staement, that the Gentlemkanenwinhohreported the fart to Sir
sit ert l telsrna, waS hoarded by his Majesty's brig a select vestryman. I could tell you of other great to eat his pudding and hold his tongue. (Loud lauakter. Fa.ticts liant,m, wa_s in, Ist. - t e identity of his personi
ikri,:!t.:LL; en the sth February, in lat. 29..50. N. exertions—exertions which 'would at once explain to But, Gentlemen.; the misfortune on this occasion •
is, In the course of Saturday, a party of Mr. LAMB 9
kiii:z. '.: .. aa. W. passed a convoy of seven sail, under yoii why my opponent stands as he does, and, indeed, such is the system to which slavery has been reduced, friends, who were parading the streets with a banner • I I
pet . ~,::eye colours, standing to the N. B. Also ar- without which, it would be impossible for him to ob- that the poor. wretch cannot eat his pudding and hold parties of . r. oil-
:nal a band of mu ac, met two • • hi' H , Os., tie Elizabeth, Burt li ere from Batavia. His taro any fair support. He told you yesterday, that his tongue, but is compelled to do that which his Housv s supporters, ~. .
pporters. a ..<4 were engaged in a similar , . .
i
11. ii:, e;'s ship Tit:Buse was spoke 17th instant, off he saw no very great harm in giving the voters a heart abhors, and is brought up here under pretence pursuit. A skirmish" ensued between them, which
Ea ;.'. The Sally, from Newbury Port for Liver- breakfast—and that he saw a more solid satisfaction of carrying on a free election ; when, in fact, inMr. L ' •
ended
- in the defeat of . r. ASIB s partisans, who not
Tel. is reported to have' foundered off Kinsale— in a breakfast, than in following a flag or a drum.— coming up, he commits a perjury in the thee of his ,
merely sutiered the loss of their drum, but were also •
tT:x saved. Perhaps, he would also think there was more solid country—(Applause).—i consider that every man obliged to submit to the loss and destruction of
fl,.s-nese, lessee, IrEfal'Alir eta— Drown Ti.wastres. satisfaction in giving a-voter five pounds, and when who comes here to vote under the influence of car- 0
their colours. The skirmish took place in the vicinity
;lc L.: :pri;.; Paton, from Constantinople; Matilda. Whitey, all• other means of giving solid satisfaction faded, ruption and of terror, and who does not act accord- '
. •
sa a,:aaa ; Freendschaft, Peterson, front Tonningen.—
perhaps he would see no harm in resorting altoge- ing to the honest bias of his own opinion, is tom- of Piccadilly.
9:IWAILfk : Lord Ca-t:trenh, Yourstinsband, for China ; Argo, EICIITH DAY.
!a:iy, :.)7 Bergen; Cmnthatin, Word, and Castor, Soinersan, Cher to the practices of the borough-mongering else- pellet to commit treason in the face of his country, State of the Poll this day at One o'Clock : .
•
kr Dan :nra ; Tribe% and Margaret, Heater, far Elsinore; tions. I feel, however, the most confident expect::- and perjury in the face of his Goe!—(Enthusiastic Mr. Lens - - - - - 1986 •
r.t.l Arr. Jackson, for (Ittelf.'Cr-CiTARTIO OITIWARISI: Salty, :
tion, that these means will fail in obtaining the ulti eh
- eers ).—Gentlemen, I have no doubt the bulk of Mr. fluenot sr - -' '-
- 134;9 '
frtin ..y f,n. SHlVrra;, NILIWT Triglear, foe Serra Leone.;
Major CARTWRIGHT - "• ... :;,1;
tit object to which they are directed ; I know they the Electors of Westminster will not permit such a -
'ti." ,sch'ar, liav'erbult, for Amsterdam;'
Pirfafte; Union, ma•
stakes tot Dunkirk; taaware caew,,e, for Dubea ; chutes, will have no ultimate-effect. I assure you that all stigma to be cast upon their character—(Nree )).-- DEATH OF TII E ESQUISI A U,S.—On the 14th instant
Amass, :::.d Riga, Forster, for the Havannah ; Mary, Durant, the arts formerly resorted to only by the Court, are Gentlemen, a most portentous monster exhibits itself died, at Edinburgh, John S. ekehoute, aged 29., a native of the
!7/I.Plia; Peace, I.l:rker. ard Earl bf Clancarty, Liming', for now used by the Whig& Ladies are now busy in before yen on.the present occasion. An animal com- West Coast of Greenland. This Esimintaux has occupied a con.. 1 li.
?'•:tnlicn ; Scipio, Dram:mend, for Virginia; Generous
canvassing in their carriages, ornamented with co- pined of the most discordant parts, actuated by no siderable share of public attentive, and his loss will be petterany 1.
-ifilds, Baldry, for Ilr:rner. ; &illy, J es, for St. Michael's; felt. He had already retideleti important services to the emmtry
?.olutioa, Wed, for Davis's Straits; Newe.eitle, Benson, for ronets. bervants are every where seen about flying principle; It is not merely a Court and a Whig Can- in the late Expedition of Discovery,lind great exneetatiuns were
*ssa. with letters, and in short every thing which could didate, but it hugs to its bosom infamy of every de- naturally formed of the utility which he would prove out the .
voyage about to sail for Baffuheds
dilay. The Admiralty, with
degrade the 'bestiof causes Las been brought into play scription ; it enlists all in its service, however base,
great liberality an. d ju gnicntt wetted
ben rcatest pains to ,
The Johanna, Jefixert, from Batavia to Amster- for my opponent. This is the mariner in which the and hails with welcome the filth and scum of the be taken in his farther edranoo, and behad een several mouths
,
7.3 s Passed at the back of the Goodwin Sands on Whigs put in their claim for public approbation— town—(Loud plaudits).—lt is willing to make an in Edinburgh with this view, when he was seized with a violent
arurday—all well-110 days passage.
.this is the manner in which they pretend to charge alliance with that which is so base and contemptible, inflammation in the sliest, which carded hint off in a few days :
De was extremely docile, and through rather slow in the attain. The Amatia, PaAiim from Stockholm, is arrived for thobetter—this is the manner in which they en- that an honest man would disdain to mention it— ;I
IneM ta; kitowleke,he was
.induariaus, zealous, and cheerful, • .
i:Wqmouth, leaky, and: with loss of sails, bound deavour to shew their fondness for the people, and (Cl:ccri; and cries of Hunt).—You have seen the and always grateful for the kindness and attention sbewn to him. ' 11 :
a Galway. wish to be considered, according to the Whig mini- strange anomaly which exists; you have seen the Ilis amiable disposition and .impie mariners had interested those
A number of outward-bound merchantmen have festoeas their natural Leaders. I repeat that I feel attempts which have been made to delude you, and who had opportunities of knowing him personally in a way tad
Fa ists Portsmouth during the week with the foul the utmost confidence this contest will end to the lam sure you will agree with me in thinking that will nut soon be forgotten. To the public las loss, we fear, is
triads. Amon them are, the Waterloo, Atlas, Born- utter confusion of the Whig and Tory Candidate, and seth a coalition can have no common end, no good irreparable—to hi; friends it is doubly severe. Just before bit 1
death, the out &quit:nat( .:*
ad be Itcew he was golfs., to die;
hy, General Kyd, Herefordshire, and Streatham, for that this unnatural coalition will meet the fate it de- in view whatever—(Loud 'ad ',iterated applause).— that his father and mother thol died in the unit way ; an' &dia '
/11
the East Indies and China. The Marchioness of HAS- serves, as being the most base and arrogant that ever This strange monster, which presents itself thus k -e. his sister, who
Was the L:4. uf all his relations, had just appeared
t 4
to hitn and called him away !
runs is a pastenger for Calcutta by the Waterloo. attempted to delude and intimidate the people of fore you, has more heads than a hydra. In the cen-
Ile number of vessels detained as Portsmouth wait- Westnrinster."—(Applause.) trot is a simple Lamb's head, which indeed has been Friday an Alien, of the name of SEHINGY, was ar- -
' • ' izg fur a fair wind amounts to about eighty sail, ea- Mr. IsAme came forward, but the noise continuing shaved so close by the Westminster barber, that it resteci,. by, virtue of asvarr.irtfromt the Home Depart-
to be
nusive of transports with the sth and 9th Regiments as great as ever, he was only audible to those who requires a wig to cover it, (Loud lauohter.) Added 'lnn ti ti • immediately conveyed Gravesend,
b
1
a board. were immediately near him. Ile said, " Gentlemen, to which, it has two faces, black on one side and embarked.
At Christiana, in Norway, a man named Niels Olsen, S. The Carron, 26, Captain Fultstaaul, with specie you again find me considerably at the head of the white cn the other. Thee there is that other. fienta ,
convicted of having beaten his mother, has been sen- N. ,
r.sr Calcutta, arrived at Sc. Helena on the Bth of De- poll, where I have no doubt I shall remain until the to this anomalous monster—a front of brass: " whose
tenced to death by the Supreme Courts. The Lower
"lobos The Hyaena and Hardy arrived at the Cape end of this contest. It is not my wish to trespass tongue, though venomous as the asp"—(Here Mr.
couit had sentenced him to three years imprisonment
1 the 7th December to take on board live stock for upon your attention, nor do I claim any greater de- Hunt stood forward at the opposite end of . the
i
1. Helena. The Cesar, TAYLOR, is arrived in the grec of indulgence than you were disposed to drew hustings, in an appealing posture, as if wishing to be in a fortress.
Sunday se'enight, a giantess lately exhibited in a
I/a...as—left St. Helena on the 25d December. towards the speech of my opponent. If either my heard. The outcry and groans were so loud that he
caravax upon the Castle Ditches at Norwich, eloped 1.
IL' Queensberry packet, from Jamaica, brought character, or that of my supporters, were deserving could not be heard.)—" A front of brass," continued i ,
from that place with
i the beef'-eater employed as ee ,
+freight of 170,000 dollars for merchants. a the description you have heard of it, I would not the Honourable Baronet, " whose tongue, although'
The Bellisle, 74 (new), will be launched from Pent- have such a state of the poll as that to, which I now venomous as the asp, has* not faculty to sting any t . •
The fine open weaeire is peculiarly advantageous
bawler to the show .
ahe yard in April; and the Fisgard (new), from triumphantly refer." thing but himself—V.o:4d ckeers. Down with Hun:.)
to the lambing WAS(.II. The hir•ck masters on the Sus-
-s same yard in May. The Mutine, 18, and Brito- Mr. Hues. attempted to speak, but was assailed On the other side there is the Vhjg head, whose
lin, 14, have been sold out of the service. 1
with groans, hisses, shoat& mud and dirt, all of which tongue is full of falsehood and eeception—full of sex-downs never remembered a more early and fa-
by a i - •
letter dated Carlisle Bay (Barbadoes,) Jan. he bore with a smiling countenance. He at length, promise% which none can believe--(App!ause.) This vourable time their folds of sheep.
As
wean additional proof of the mildness of the sea- . 1.
ii, i4l9,we learn that the London. of London, with by the-strength of lungs, hushed the storm for a few strange Cimmerian monster has also a ministerial
) •
son, may mention, that on Sunday sehmight, a
had the 2d, or Queen's regiment, on board, which seconds. This, he observed, was called the freedom head, in whose sunken eye dwells cruelty and oppres-
aileiwild duck, with a brood of ducklings.follow•ing her,
' from Spithead on the 9th of December, ar- of election; it was rather the mockery of election. sion, and in whose mouth corruption also dwells;
31st there on the 12th of January last, all well.— He had no personal hostility to Sir Francis Burdett (C;:eers)—but, Gentlemen, I am sorry to add another was seen on the River Ness, near Ness Castle.
A Correspondent, on whose information we can
ilif)c.Euryalus, Captain Husaisson; Fly, Captain or Mr. Hobliouse : it was to their equivocating poli- feature to this portentous monster, already so disgust-
rely, assures us an idea. has become very prevalent in •
aI.(INSON ; and Raleigh, Captain BAIIMDAEDYI tics that he was hostile.—( Oliver t Oliver! Hunt, ing. There is one more head, however, called false
the Country, that it is the intention of Government
red Joined the Antelope, Admiral HARVEY, 011• that you are a Spy ! )—" I ant called a Spy," said Hunt. patriotism ; it is, indeed, an empty head; and what
:alion 1 to propose a fax on Inland Coals, and in consequence i
• are squadron was particularly healthy. e True, lam a spy, and- a troublesome one to the is very marvellous, it has a most striking resemblance
else . thereof; Public Meetings have been convened, and ral CAMPBELL, in the Salisbury, was daily ea- Rump. Mreflace, of Charing-cross, called Sir-Francis to Alderman Wood, who, it has been told me, was
are to .be held throughout the Manufacturing Dis-
h ted to arrive, to relieve Admiral HARNEY. Burdett a * * * • * • because he left the Tower, met this morning canvassing for Mr. Lamb, (Hisses.)
tricts, which are too much alive to a recollection of l• ' '.
The
'Haus sloop of war has been paid off at Ply- and the Rump called Mr. Place a spy ; and yet he is Here is an union of all interests against the indepens
fi S
%soli their past sufferings to submit without remonstrating
1 and re-commissioned by Captain HANKER. now Chairman of their Committee. Mr. Cobbett, dente of Westminster. But I will tell you, and I
sure which would operate so much to the
sir."). hivi •is • d
i • sz appante Purser.--The 11•MIGENIA when he attacked the Baronet, was also called a spy ; will tell that portentous monster, if its heads were still
injury of Trade and Agriculture, and produce misery si
rees •A . •
C Captain H. PAiterat,' arrived at Jamaica the and now, because I expose his delinquencies, I am a more hideous than they are, notwithstanding the
. f'
611)ecet b * and want of employment to thousands.
toa mea
ner hoin England, and directly went on spy !--(Groans.)--I was-not such a spy as the Baronet multiplied variety of its efforts, that the Electors of , ,
uORN-EXCHANGE, MARK-LANE, FEBRUARY 2E.
L rr•• . ,
silt off lube.—The HANN. Captain Mireueee •
s was whet: he went to Ireland. I went down to Derby Westminster will lay 'them all low, and cast the
Although the ports ale now shut against the irn-
l•:: I•AkT I . Hine, Captain litoestise, also arrived at to oppose the cruel measures of Government ; the monster itself sprawling at our feet—(Loud cheers.)
portation of Foreign Wheat, and the supply ei Eng- ~.. . :ILL •a , . •
. •it Christmas-Day, to relieve the ships whose Han. Baronet was then spying the Irish girls. Where I trust and hope the spirit of Westminster is roused; .
i
'1,.. on the station was expired.---The EDE MA, Galt- ?was the Hon. Baronet when the worthy Dr. Watson and if the spirit of Westminster be roused, and if the 101 l was small this morning, yet the sales were nut
so brisk as on Friday, but fine samples from Essex
La il.e? • • is fitting •
tqhre. los
ts+.ll-
ge lower,
aani :old vi
ne r
thy
eh e
Malte y a
tt
rat 1:1 aet, ;
~ aka, - was tried for High Treason ? Was I a spy then ? Electors do their duty on this occasion, they will ins- Suffolk, obtained the same prices as on Monday 0
i.e,:::.tial.
Did I not give ovidence of the cruel conduct of the vitably succeed, and achieve a triumph greater than
Ail- "•,11, the American Minister, lives a grand Government; and slid I not prove the spy, Castles, a theave ever hitherto obtained Applause.) Gen-
ha enu„ . 1 •
bringfor- will of •
last.iy Barleyis 4.s.toa
ee...sa ,st at leis house this day, in, honour of the perjured villain' (Groans.)—Let them clement, 1 take up no more your time at this
which article is full 6s. pet qr. cheaper. Beans, ,
" 1 y 0; ii .a- I, , . .
a„
~
~- • first a iti.sibENT, General WASH- ward the slightest proof that lam a spy, OT any one moment—(Cries oil go on.) • Tin-e is precious ; this
Peas, and Oats, are full 2s. per qr. lower. and scarcely ' • .
fad ...i -' -nate party dine at the New England good reason tor thinking me a spy, and I will never is the time for action, and not for words. I hope all
any demand for either at that decline.
ful, i 'fiss.i, an.: all the Americans in London have again appear before you. I am a spy upon the Rump, you Electors, who now stand before me, willgo home SMITHFIELD MARKEI; FEU. 2 •
•te las:nisei vv.. into • .Ms itti
~.. .) parties to celebrate the samea and I will continue to be scr.—(Great interroption.)— and exert every influence you can, to avert• the con- Beef 4s od. to if *.i I Vera Si ed to 7s od . .
Minton .. -Ss 04 tow 44 I Port
Nat,.
im:,•,[l:. I raft—On Friday the Court of King's you will be in better humour on alionday. temptible asticks of' a puny and paltry aristocracy,
Beasts9S3o—Calves 190-4heep and Lambs 17640—Pip Eto
" order •vi , . A 31//f/dIHNOS should issue against the Let u • see if Brookes will bring up his thousand votes. who have at this crisis raised themselves against
I hope
HAY AND STRAW PER LOAD -. A i etuaistioata sat at. •Pier,
;.: e.eix.,,,, . Arlene ordering them to pay lam us
party-man. I wish to see fair_play. All the, the voice of; the people of England—(Applause.)— Hay £s os to A. 7 7s I straw •
...e2-10.• sc. 4:3
os
1 ',..., sowerdi the Poor-rates of the Paribh.. difference that I see is, that Mr. Lamb is intelligible, I trust that none of you will be dupes enough to al- arm gosto V Os Rowe •.. OS es to .to ige i
45,,
,
• •
0
. .
, , .
~. ...
.. ...
. • -
. .
' . . .
