FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

ADMIRALTY OkFICE, OCTOBER S.
Rear-Admiral FOLEY has transmitted to JOHN Wit-
C SOW ROXER, Esq. a letter he has received from Cap-
tain CLARK, of his Majesty's sloop Rolla, giving an
account of his having, on the 6th instant, captured off
Fecbamp, l'Espoir French lugger privateer, of 16
guns and 50 men, which sailed the preceding even-
ing from St. Vallery en Caux, without making any
capture.
• WHITEHALL, OCTOBER a.

His Royal Highness the PRINCE REGENT has been
pleated, in the name and on the behalf of his Ma-
jesty, to constitute and appoint BURNET BRUCE, Esq.
to be one of the Four Commissioners of Edinburgh,
in.the room of Sir THOMAS KIRKPATRICK, Bart. re-
signed.

MILITARY PROMOTIONS.
WAR-OFFICE, OCTOBER 8.
sth Dragoon Guards—Cornet Braithwaite Christie to be Lieu-
tenant, without purchase.
9th Regiment of Light.Dragoons—Philip Tuite Dalton, Gent.
to be Cornet, without purchase, vice Darras, promoted.
lath Ditto—George Wombwell, Gent. to be Cornet, by pur-
chase, vice Gordon, promoted.
i ~,i 15th Ditto—Cornet Bon. Richard Pepp Arden to be Lieute-
nant, by purchase, vice Whitetord, p oted.
Ist Regiment of Foot Guards—James ivert.atour, Geist. to
he Ensign, by purchase, vice Grose, promoted.
Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards—Captain Gear ge.Collier
to be Captain, by purchase, vice Smyth, who retires; Ensign
Paulett Mildmay to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Collier.
9th Ditto—Lieutenant W. F. St. Clair to be Captain of a Com-
-1 pany, without purchase, vice Travers, deceased ; Ensign E.
Ross Lewip to be Lieutenant, vice St. Clair.
24th Ditto—Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Hicks to be
Lieutenaty-Colonel, without purchase, vice.Drummend, de-
ceased; Captain William Robison to be Major, vice Hicks;
Lieutenant J. A: Ingram to be Captain of a Company, vice
Robison ; Ensign Alexander Cameron to be Lieutenant, vice
Ingram ; Ronald Campbell, Gent to be Ensign, vice Cameron.
tith Ditto—Ensign Alexander Buchan to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Nepean, who resigns; Robert Young, Geo,. to
be Ensign, vice Buchan; Ensign Robert Small, from the Kir-

cudbright IVlilitia, to be ditto,without purchase.
26th Ditto—Ensign 'Robert Robson to be Lieutenant, without
purcLae, vice Robertson, supersedes'.
28th Ditto—Lieutenant H. Moriarti, from the Gth Dragoon
Guards, to be C aptain of a Company, by purchase, vice Cid-
, ford, promoted.
81st Ditto—Lieutenant Henry Simmons to be Adjutant, vice
Bailey, who resigns the Aujutantcy only.
33d Ditto—Arthur Go re, tent. to be Enign,Without purchase,

vice Vette, ptornoted,
34th I,:ttu—Lieutenant Richard Daly to be Adjutant, vice

Green, who resigns the Adjutan:cy only.
37th Ditto—Ensign John A. Wilkinson to be Lieutenant, with-
out pin chase, vice Nugent, who resigns.
4:4lDitto—hnsign John Orr, from the Edinburgh Militia, to be
Ensign, without purchase.
53d DlL:o—Lieutenant M'ni.Russell to be Captain of a Coln.

pany, viihnot purchase, Vice Fit:lly, promoted ; Lieutenant
Juba ki.reandrz, from he 74th Foot, to be Captain of a Com-
pany, without fat-chase, vice Harvey, promoted.
57th Ditto—Captain Gregory Paul, from the 'Royal African
Corps, to be Captain of a Company, vice Appletcn, who et/L-
-elia:l'gs.

60th Regiment of Foot.
To be Majors, without purchase—brevet Majors C. de bilious-

saye Beuverte and Gustavus Brown.
61st Ditto—Ensign and Adjutant W. Eace to have the rank of
Lieutenant; Ensign John Royal to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Bear, who retires; Serjeant-Major Andrew
Connell to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Butler, whose
appomtnient has no: take place.
-68th Ditto—Vt'm. Lckson, 'Gent. iOS" Ensign; without pur-
• chase, vine lenkin, superseded.
68th Ditto—Lnsign David .1 Nicene, from the Durham Militia,
• •to be Ensign, withlut purchase.
70th Ditto--Entign George Goldtrap to be Lieutenant, without
purchase; vice Smyth, deceased.
70th Ditto—Ewen Kennedy, Gent. to be Ensign, without pur-
Chase, vice Votbes, whose appointment be; not taken place•.
B Bth Mitt—Thomas Taylor, brut. to Ensign, without pur-

chase. •
91st Ditto—John Andrew Ormiston, Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase, vier Shinkwin, who retires ,
9Cob Ditto-4.lentenant Thomas Lamb to he Captain of a Cons-
pony, vice Diann, deceased; Ensign A. W. Ford to be Lieute-
nant, vice Lamb.
Hindi Ditto—Lieutenant Lewis Ritter, from the 60th Foot, to
be Captain of a Company, vice Andrews, deceased.
103 d Ditto—Lieutenant B. Price, nom the 43d Foot, to be Cap-
tain of a Company, without purchase, .vice Minn.; appointed
to the itti" Royal Veteran Battaron.
104th Ditto—Ensign Richard Irwin Ireland, from the Half-pay
of the 7th Garrison Battalion, Co be Ensign, vice Rainslord,
who exchanges.
Sd West India Retiment—Serji•ant-Major Wm. Eke to be
Quarter-Masivr, vice Nl•Milin cashiered.
• Reqal African On-pi—Captain Wm. Appleton, from the 57th
Foot, to be Captain of a Company, vice Paul, who exchanges.
Royal York Rangers--:EnsignW 4)vens eo be Lieutenant, vice
Langhorne, deceased; L.Van•Baitenburg, Gent, to be Ensign,
vide Ovens. •
Royal West India Ranger's—Mark Michael Quin, Gent. to bZ
k.nsign, without purchase, vice Ilyrite, ouperseckil.
RoyalWaggon't Si6nitel Johnson to be Captain
el a Tiov, avielont purchase.
•

*lnto, sithdat pnrcb3se,
eti, 1 boron, Baldock, and Robert

To be 1,
Cornets William John,
LT-strange, vice Johnsa4
I`. To be Caintlls, without purchase. .
tlairtea-Master Charles Canis, vice Johnson; Henry Green;
Gent. rife Baldock; and Jahn Witton,Gent. eke I:Estrange.
edWeylon Regiment—Lientetant John Ritson to be Captaia of
• a Company, witheucpurelieso, vice White, superseded.
Cape Regiment—Lieutenznt Mtcliatl I.yncb to be Captain of a
Compaq, without purchase, vice M'Kenzie. deceased.
4th Royal Veteran Battalion—Captain William Moore, from tl:e
102 d Foot, to be Captain of a Company, vice Stepbeas, placed
on the Retired List.

BREVBT..

To he Lleutenant-Coloneli is the Army'
Majors Thomas N. Hill, John Campbell, Haviland 1.43 Meru-
Tier, and Michael M'Creugh—all serving with the Portuguese
Army.

GAItRISOWs
Lieutenant Angus Fraser, on Retired Lig, to be lon-Major
;t Plymouth, vice Jones, d,4kased. •
HOSPITAI.‘II/4:TAFF.
To be Deputy-Porveyovs to the Forces.
Purveyor's Clerks Richard Build,Xiatu Vitalise, David Roche,
and Thomas Hardy.
• • The King's German Legion.
• Ist Regiment of Dragoon,.
To be Cfireetv—Frederick Baron I.oen, vice Cruise, deceased ;
and Charles Trederlck• Baron Lovetzow, vice Ptak's, pro- '
stinted.
Ist Regiment of Light Dragoons—Ensign Frederiek Blunien-1
bagel), Wont the 24 Battalion of the Line, to be Clone.
lid Ditto— —Trefurt, Gent, to be Cornet, vice L.:rchers,
promoted.• ' -
!d Ditto—Cadet Serjeant George Cremer to be Cornet, vice
Schaefer, appointed to the Depot Company.
sth Battalion of the Line—Lieutenant Lewis Backmelster to be
Captain of a Company (with temporary rank), rico Diepen-
broick, deceased; sad Einigarmsorge lifiekvo. be Lieutenant,
eke Backrneister, .
'Depot Company—Ensign Thee. Callenburg to be I:ieutena:rt,
vice Eaurmeister; who retires; and Cornet It Schieter,
the 34 Light Dray,oorio, to be Ensign, vice (iallenbarg.
MEMORANDUM.
rnsign Flinter, of the 7th ‘Vest-lndia Regiment, w)io was vv-
..
' ultimo, •

perseded, as stated in the Gazette of the 17th ~ is rein-
mated in his rznk.
The appointment of Lieutenant Yciunghusband to be Captain
In the 53d Foot, vice Pierccy, as stated in the Gazette of !nth
June last, has not taken place.
Ensign Parker, of the 25th Foot, and Lieutenant Hart., of the',
Goth Regiment, are superseded, being absery without leave.
The appointments of Lieutenant Poole and Ensign Hewatt are
in the 6241 Regiment of Foot, and not in the tillith ►tegimect, as
stated in the Gazette of the 24th ult.
ERRATA in the Gazette of the 19th March and S'Sd

September, 1811.
62. d Foot—For Ensign Bolton to be Adjutant, vice robon.
moted, read Ensign Bolton to be At:jut:Ala, vice Ilodzkinsen,

promoted.
•
16th Light Dragoons—For Rickard Beauchamp Proctor, Gent.
to be Cornet, read Richard Beauchamp, Gent. to be Cornet.
Commissions signed by hit Royal Highness the Prince
Regent, in tile name and on the behalf of his Majesty.
Edward Stirling, Gent. to be adjutant to the Pastern Glatuorgan
Regiment of Local Militia, vice Williams, resigned. Dated
August 30, 1811.
Edmund Buford, Gent. to be Adjutant to the 3d Wiltshire Rail.
menu of Local Militia. Dated Sept. 5, 1811.
Cottimissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the
County of Esser.
Eastern Regiment of Essex Militia.
Charles Thorley, Gent. to be Lieutenant, vice Whaley, resigned.
Dated September 16, 1811.
Lieutenant !coypu 11) grave to be Captain, vice Thorle y, appointed
Paymaster. Dated Srpt. Al, 1811.
Ensign George Daudridge Bridge to be Lieutenant, v:ce Bygrave,
promoted. Dated Sept. 12, 1811.
Western Regiment of Essex Militia'.
Alfred Ftfx, Gent. to be Ensign, vice Fielding, appointed to the
Buffs. Dated September 12, 1811.
Vd...Troop of Epping Forest Yeomanry Cavalry!
Thomas Hart, Gent. to be Lieutenant, and John Payne, Gal.'
to Ise Cornet. Dared Sept. It, sell.
BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
Nov. 5. Manila del Campo, late of Tokenhoute-yard, Loadlen,
but now a prisoner in the King's Bench, merchant;teaker snit
chapman, at ten, at Guildbll.l.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
Thomas Brett, late of Puddle-Deck. London, sugar•refiner.
Richard Southall, Samuel Southall; and Benjamin Southall, of
Dudley, Worcestershire, nail-itoommigers.
BANKRUPTS.
Richard Southall, Samuel Southall, and Benjamin Southall, late
of Dudley, Worcestershire, nail ironmongers dealers chap-
men, and copartners, to surrender October 18; 22, and Nov.
19, at ten, at Guildhall, London. Anomie', Messrs. Palmer.'
.I'otnlinsons, and *lbonison, Copthall-court, Throgmortue-
street; London'
•
John Smith, of Tabernacle-Walk, Middlesex, merchant, tin-
pi:ln--manufacturer, dealer and chapman, October IS, at slx,
October 19, and November 19, at ten. at Guildhall. Anomie*,
Messrs. Wilde and Knight, Castle-street, Falcon-square.
Giles Waller, late of the btrand, Middlesex, baker. October 22„
22, at ten, and November 19, at one, at Guildhall. AMON%
Mr. Blacklow, No. 44, Frith-street, Soho. '
Joseph Alibutt, late of Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, victuals!,
dealer and chapman, October 14, 15, and Nov 19, at elev.*,
as the Jerningham Arms Inn, Shiffnall, Salop. Anomie', Mr.
Bodneld, Hind-court, Fleet-street, London ; or Mr. E. T.
Meredith, Birmingham. •••
James Brierley, of Lees, near Oldham, Lancashire, cotton-gin-
ner, dealer and chapman, Ocioher 21, 22, and Nov. 10, at
three, at the Mosley Arms Inn, Manchester. Anomie", Messrs.
Hewitt and Kirk, Manchester; or Mr. Ralph Ella, Chancery
lane, London.
&bud= Rodberd, late of Salford, Lancashire, builder, draper,
dealer and chapluan, October IS, 23, at ten, and N0v.19, at
two, at the Star Inn, Deansgate' Manchester. Auornics, Mr..
Ralph Ellis. Chancery-lane, Lendon or Mr. George Nabb,
Manchester.
rem Davjt Jonei, 'of Philpot-lane, London , merchant, dealer
and chapman, October 18, at six, October 19, and November
19, at one, at Guildhall. Attornies, Messrs. Wilde and
Castle-street, Falcon-square.

Thomas Williams, of WOrcester,opholder, dealer and chapmin,
October 25, 26, at twelve, and Nov. 19, at ante, at Guildhall..
London. Attorney, M:. Hunt, Surrey-street, Strand.
William Goodman Bull, of the Crooked Billet, Wych-street(
pariah of St. Clement Danes Middlesex,. publican, dealt.; and;
eliaptgan, Octol 12, 19, and Nov. 19, at ten, at Guildhall.—,
Attorney,
.Mr. Edward Irsorde, serle-street,Lincultes-lno.
Robert l'humsoneof Berwick-upon-Tweed, grocer, dealer and'
Chapman, October 112., 29, and Nov. 19, at one, at Guildhall,
London. Attoruies, Messrs Lawless and Crosse, St. Mildred's.
• court, Poultry.
Saiamun Trew, now or late of the parish of W. are, Somerset-
shire, *.
brick-maker, dealer and eliapnian, October 22, 23, and
Nov. 19, at eleven, at the White Lion, 111.°ml:street, Bristol...*
Attornits, Mr. Whitley, Wrington, near lirt.wl ; or Messrs..
Blake, Cook's-caurt, Carey-street, London.
Joseph Dickenson, late ot Liverpool, merchant, dealer and chap.'
malt, Nov. 1,2, and 19, at one, at the Globe Tavern, Jelaw
stmet, Liverpool. *Attornies, Mr. *1 huhu% Windle, John.
street, Bedford-row, London; or Messrs. Griffith and Hindi,
I.iverpsol.
John Reddish, of Manchester, stationer, dealer and dietitian,
October 21, 24, and Nov. 19, at eleven, at the Mosley Arms-
Inn, Manchester. Attornies, Mr. Ellis, Chancery-lane, London,
or Mr. Cardwell, Manchester.
Levi Samuel Linging, of Bread-street-h1:1, London, merchant,
_dealer and chaptitan, October 11, at six, October 29, and Noir:
19, at eleven, at GuildlialL Attorney, Mr. 1.1.)yd, No. 69,
Broad-street, l.ondon.
James Mallalieu, of Hulme, parish of Manchester, and William
Malialieu, late of Heligoland, toe rehantta dealers, chapmen end
copartners, October 4:6, 99, at Mo. and Nov. 19, at ten, at the
Manley Arms, Manchester. Attornies' Messrs. Hewitt and
Kirk, Manchester; or Mr. Philip Hurd, Temple, ondon.,
Henry Ulla, late of Fore-itreet, Limeltuuse, butcher, but now
ot Edward-street, Commercial-road, Middlesex, •cow-keeper,
deaier and Chapman, October 19, 22, aid November 19, at
ten, at "Unildbalt, London. Attorney, Me. Hail, Cotentin-
stmt. .

Frisch Mae!, of Stalloa, Suffurdillre. j.v rid eta*
maker, October SO. at five, October St, awl November 53, at
ten, at the Swan Inn, Sm2ord. Attain:es. Mew.. Pr.ceaA
Witt m., 1 iucultea lan, I.oadas; (.4 Masara. Go:Lhas ass!
Keens, S:ailerd.
_

John Stead, of Foster-lane, Cheerio:Se, London, warehousetuaL,
dealer and eh:Altman, Getnber I IS. at six, October 11.„ at ern,
and November 19, at ten, at Guildhall. Aitortsies, :dew..
Colitis and Waller, Spitalloquare.
Robsrt.Storry, now or late of New Mahon. Yorkshire, resew,
dealer and thymus, Oucl.er 14, at the White "Lose, at New
Melton, November IS And 19, at the White Sem Inn, m the
Pavement in the City of York, at eleven. Au wow% Mr.
Wray, Neer Maltvo ; or Mt. itobinsoo. 1.... Ca. Linea-wort „
Strand, I.ondon.
William Henry King, of Fleet-lace, LonJois. mitne•-inetn,
dealer Sind dopiness October I it. 19, and November 19, St
twelve, at Geildhal. Adores?, Mr. T. T. laylor, tore-
sure, Cripplegate.
William WPAdant, of Eidaopegate Within. London, aserd.set.
October 1111, all, at ten, sad November to. at one, at t:t.n.
hall. Attornirs, Messrs. Kearney and Spurr, No. 1 te, istsSeps.
gatootreet Within. '
DIVIDENDS.
Oct. SO. T. Ilordern, of llitoacter, Stafford, grocer-oc-
lit. G. Osbore, et tottenhans-eourt, uplaibletirer —Oa. Th. o.
Holland, sot Newnsan-strart, coal-merelsant.—Nov. I. U. $14,..
dells, of Stockport, latter.—Nov. 111. IL Sector, al *Mel, de
ILler.—Not S. A. Cl. Ermine, or Portsmetstk, abopieer —Nee.
S. C. PerkTns,pf Swansea, shopkeeper... Nov. S. G. Lasksoa, d
roundp's-court-reed, ed and odoetesao.—Nov. S. 1. Gorier,
of Manchester, merchant.—Oct. 29. R. Reeve and W. D. Jonas.
. of Vere-street; St. Mary la Bonne, stationerm—Oct. IL U. l
of Hampsteed, shop-keeper.—Not. S. A. Atbothoott aed L
gracken, orPhilpor-lane reercbants.—Oct. 10. A. Kee Moos,
end T: Bigot. of liffeppf:M. merthants.--Ock '42. IL Webb, of
!infield, cornfactor.--Oct. so. A. Boyer and IL Kiser., o'4 Le
verpool, merehants.—Nwr..2. T. oteevenson, of Snow's.ll:l.l.•
Ilerinortilsey, woolotapkr.—etitnr, ...t. 'l. And's. litit. of Kasinghde
."11"4. liLachwell-hall-factor.7—Nov. IL J. ?age, of Lebl/41,44,,„
It eet, babordaleilh-Notr. 1 1. 11. Haddam., el Polaag.
street, viceeillet.-.440ve e. 1. and L. Gardner and A. Gat:ducts
r4tUnsum-stmet, eserebants.—Nov. 2. I. farlow, of Cheat S ot-
. keti•yeed,-. Strand, coal-ruerehaot.—Nov. 5. 1. Patterson, of
Woolwich, greleo&-a-Nov. 6. J. Fleet, of Mlll•stteet, Lain`...e,l.,
miller--Oct 96.111.1.Ederd and 1. Lae, of i:zr-1a.,.., pukes.—
' Nov. 1. 1. Grifkbe, of HIM, Mame, slmer Ind MAO.: _r—Nor. 11.
A. Young and J. klacoo, of bt. Mary-at-Hall, merahant.—Aso. to
I. Wail:won and 1. Gerrard, ot Swao-suest, hi:noises, corn:
fectuts-Ncita. 2. It. Davies, of Poses Gateway, /towel-61(w.
kermond.e),,, leather dresser—Nov. S. .1. Turner. of Moms,-
IqUars-, Llaripplegate, vietualler—hot. S. P. Hunsley. of he% en
ley, Yorkshire, minuet-maker—Om ..M. J. Woodward, to Du bri
Leo-manufacturer—Nov. S. G. Magas, of Bristol, !lute-dr.p.t.
• CERTIFICATES, OCT. 29.
T. Johnson, of Ostord-street, sr.dth—J. Evilmek, of White
lion-court,l Mossertrion-streee,mtrebant--LKay,of Ciwetban..
L.SECAShire, Cettlns -5triau1......••—.1. iirsiswowe r/i/litti. ...a.m._
C. P. Wyatt and r. Keys,, of the Laugbourn-Ward Chambers,
merchants—J.l'4l4er, of Duke-street. Portland-piece, nterehart
—J. Grew, of limulpb-lace, broker—J. Eiss, of h rico*, wo ,ii..,.
draper—R. Elagg, of Great Grimsby, Lincolnshire, c st --e.,:.
bant—S.Beekuell, of Great Grimsby, Lincolnshire, merch. ..
V. Talockon, of Old Bond-street, druggist—J. M. Gaitski• t, .4
Wapping, mathematical instrument-maker—S. Shaw, of Eru.i.-
wick-square, underwriter—W. Jackson, of IKnottingley, 1 .rk.-
shire, lussehurutr—J. and P. Fenteb, and H. Beaver, oi Mao.
ehester, merchants.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY Ax ONE O*CLOCIt.
. 3 per Ct. Cons. for looney .3a—Ditto far secouut
S per Ct. Reduced shut—Navy Spar Cent. 93,11
' 4 per Cent. shut—Bonds nis.llls. pro.—Onttuunt
, Etch. bills (34.) par is is, dig.—Ditto (*l.) Is. to sa. pre.
11•1 M
THE KING.

=t:

ociaw 0.

rot Wit 11440/841 contieweer ;such tbee ass*
'(Signed)
. .
« M. I.IILI.JR. W. if nalit.,kis. K. IClLLts.r►
•
ng is a correct Copy of what has beet
allOWed to transpire on the subject of the Report of
die 0/11LN's Council, as to his Mmrart's Health.—
Ouereaders will perceive that there is a material
deviation from the Report which we gave yesterday:
The Report states, that " His MAJESTY'. health is DOt MICA
SS to enable his MAJ errs' to Ilbsume the curds. of his Royal
Authority : That his Mayarres bodily health does not spat
to be essentially altered dace the due of the last revert . l'hat
Ms MAJESTY'. meatal health appears to be wisteria") IV,MI
than it was at that period: That from the protraction cal
order, its present state, the duration of its accessions, and cs
peculiar character which it now assumes, one of his MAiesT is
Pbysiciani thinks his MAJESTY', recovery improbable, azi Las
other Physicians think his recovery very inntrobabk ; and that,
on tha. otht r hand, front the state of his MAJESTY'S fanatics
and powers of mind—from his memory and perception--sad
front the remaining vigour' of his conritutioo—and from his
bodily health, some of the Medical Persons in attendance caw not
enkely despair of his MAJESTY'S recov.ty.'

We have juLt received the lollovring letter from
Staff Officer in Lord WILLINGTOJeti ATM! I

" Hcad-quArters. Gain Ids, Septextu

" Ciudad Rodrigo is now invested ; twenty guns
arrived for bombarding the town, and many are de-
cidedly, of opinion that we shall continue to cut of
their supplies. In a few days a large convoy of pro-
visions, &c. is expected for the succour of the Gar-
rison, and which surely we shall be fortunate enough
tointercept, unless Sow.? and MARAIONT should make
• a movement at the same time, and threaten the Alen-
tejo—in my opinion the most vulnerable and accet•
sable post of Portugal ; is this event we shalt be coal-
pelted to-make a retrograde movement to secure our
rear.- This convoy, it is said, will be accompanLnl
by 12000 men from Salamanca.
" The troops suffer much flout bad ague ; and,
betwixt fatigue and their duty, there are more Doc-
•••"" tors sick than of any other description."

This morning arrived two Anholt Mails, brought
to Harwich by the Lady Francis packet. Might we
credit the report of the passengers by this packet and
the Berlin letter subjoined, we should say that war
will soon be renewed between Russia and France, and
that Prussia will take part with the former. But V.T
are so fully aware of the deliberate system pursued by
the enemy to mislead the good people of England by
false rumours, that we are very sceptical as to a.l
such .reports7—indeed we never give implicit credit
to any statement whatever communicated thron:i:
,the medium of the foreign journals ; nor need we
suggest to our readers that the: grea. ter part of the
rumours sent to this country in printt letters al'

neithts more nor leas than note .and 'triad versions • 'Mg ARMY.
• •
of printed statements. It is our duty however to place
such reports before our readers, guarding them at the , A fleet has arrived at PortattOuth and another at
same time to exercise their judgement in the perusal. Plymouth, with a number of our brave fellows who
A Gentleman has just Arrived in Town, who left were wounded in Portugal. The remains of the 28th
Stettin on the 24th ult. That fortress was then gar-
Regiment, commanded by Colonel Beeson, has ar.
risoned with 15,000 French troops. He confirms
rived at Plymouth ;and many wounded Officers and
what has been before stated, that the forces which soldiers, under the command of Dr. BROWN ; and a
Prussia would be capable of bringing into action,in the large MtedicAl Staff in the Roatueus man of war, and
event of having sufficient supplies of money for that several transports, have arrived at Portsmouth.
purpose, amount to 150,000 men ; and he gives the Lord MUSKERRY has arrived from Ireland, and set
matter this easy explanation—According to the treaty off for Portsmouth, to take the command of his fine
with France, FREDER /CI( WILLIAM is not allowed regiment, the Limerick Militia.
to retain under arms more than 40,000 troops, That very fine regiment the Leitrim Militia, from
and the mode be has adopted is, to exercise for a i the excellence of its appearance, its great steadiness,
stated period, this number, and then to dismiss them, and the pitch of discipline it has attained, has become
drawing forth others pro tozoore, so as to preserve a great favourite during the short time it has been at
trained and disciplined, but not under arms at the Canterbury, and called out the praises of General
same time, 150,000 soldiers. Snch an arrangement Nimes, the Commander in Chief of the District.
presupposes a redundant and indolent population, Four transports, having on board the Mayo mili.
which is precisely the situation of Prussia, since the tia, from Ireland, arrived at Harwich on Monday.
annihilation of her commerce. 0 We understand that it is the intention of Ministers
The fortress of Colberg is amply provisioned, and further to reinforce Lord WELLINGTON by a number of
strongly garrisoned by native troops, and it is entrust- men that have lately volunteered into the line from the
ed, not to General BLUCHER, but to a young Prussian Irish regimcntsof militia,besides others from Scotland.
General of acknowledged merit. But we fear it is By a Gentleman who arrived in the last packet
vain to expect any great exertion from Prussia. That from Lisbon, we have been favoured with the follow.
kingdom shews the little dependence , that is to be ing statement of the strength of the respective armies
placed oil mere military force, without giving a on the frontiers of Spain and Portigal :—British troops,
country to the people,
including about 2000 sick, and all the late reinforce-
PANSCOWA, AUGUST 12. ! ments, 47,000. Portuguese troops, comprehending
3000 sick, at present with Lord WeeiasoreN, 17,000.
The last intelligence from Belgrade informs us,
With Marshal lizttessono, in the neighbourhood of
that the Bosnian corps assembled near Trawnuck and
the Drina, have suddenly and entirely disappeared. o Cintra, about 15,000.—Under MARMONT and D'On-
The corps of three thousand men, which made an wanes, nearly 70,000 ; but the accounts upon this
subject were not at all precise or satisfactory.—lt is
irruption into Servia, have also retired, dragging ,
with them into slavery the inhabitants of the villages stated further, that General ABADIA has not more
they had pillaged. We in reality know nothing of than a detachment of 5000 Gallicians in the neigh-
the direction this corps has taken. All Servia is in a bourhood of Astorga. The rest, composing a force
(eight, fur if the Russians lose a battle the fate of this of about 20,000 men, are at Benavente, and other
province will be dreadful. situations in the Northern District of Leon. •
They write from Orsowa that all communication" By the same opportunity we' have received a va.
between Widdia and New Orsowa has been inter. riety of military documents, consisting of Orders of
the Day and official regulations. We are sorry to find
rupted for three weeks. 'The corps of General Sass
has been forced to quit Temok, and is now encamped among them a direction, under the high authority of
before Cladova. Ten thousand Russians are on the Commander in Chief to prevent an inteYcourse toe
Mount Aleon, upon the other side of the chain of familiar between the Officers and Privates attached to
mountaits, and several thousands of Russians have al. the native army ; such familiarity is represented as being
ready arrived at Crajoeva. utterly inconsistent with the discipline and subordi.
A report has been general for some days that many !Station necessary to be preserved, on which the credit
rorange Turks had arrived at Widdin. Yesterday of the forces, and the security of the country, equally
sim;lar intelligence, of good authority, WAS melted depend.
from Belgrade: It is therefore confirmed that Ismail
Bey of Seres, has arrived at Widdin with a corps of
• fi.om 25 to 30,000 Men.
VIENNA, St?TEMBEit
Letters from Constantinople, dated the beginning
of August, give fresh details respecting the affairs of
Rodschutit, the results o whisk w. -have already
stated. General Golewitcheff Kutosow,having learned
that the Grand Vizier marched in mass against him, i
detached at first a corps of 12,000 men, which yoga.
get! the Turkish advanced guard at Kradekewo,
three leagues from Rudschuck ; this corps was obli-
ged to fall back upon the entrenchments of Saro
flairis, two days after the Turks forced these entrench-
ments, pursued the Russians under the cannon of the
fortress, and on the 9th July attempted the assault,
brit welt repulsed by the Russians, who bad the ho-
nour of victory. Nevertheless, the General in Chief,
seeing that ih the end his efforts would be unavailing,
determined to evacuate the place, in order to save his
baggage and artillery ; the Turks perceived his in-
tention, and advanced with such impetuosity that a
great part of the enemy's train fell into their hands.,
The passage of the Danube alone cost the Russians ;
200 men, and many cannon, which the conquerors •I
every day continue to drag out of that river. The
Grand Vizier has since advanced towards Giurgewo.
BERLIN, SEPTEMBER 21.
The progress of the Emperor Napoleon towards
the North lead, us to fear that the period of our tran-
quility is on the eve of Moreover, the French
troops which occupy our unfortunate cuuu are!
kept in continual movement, marching and counter.
marching, by which means it is equally impossible
to ascertain their numbers or the point at which
their main force is to he concentrated. Report es-
timates the former, inslading the Saxon and Confe-
derate troops,. at 130,000 men. On our part the
desire is still for Peace, and efforts will yet be made
to preserve it. Should we, however, be compelled
to enter the held, it will be with the determination
to recover the independence of our country, or to
perish in the conflict.
11ELst2413URGH, SEPT. e?. •
According to the report of travellers from the
opposite shore, liii Danish Majesty, accompanied by
the Royal Guards, has kft the Capital for the pur.
pelvic of proceeding to Hamburgli, where his Majesty
a ill have an interview with the Emperor Napoleon.
ALBORG, SEPTEMBER 19.
An e;iensy's fleet is in sight from Hayland, steer.
lag southerly, towards the Great Belt. It consists of
three ships of the line, 2 frigates, 4 brigs, and 57
merchant vessels.
PRESBIIRGH, SEPTEMBER a.
Travellers arrived from Widdin pos;tively state
that Ismael Bey bad seised upon that place and de.
eapitated, by order of the Grand Seignior, Pacha
oltaAga. It is said that there have been numerous
and bloody executions in Widdia, and that Pacha
Molla Ap was put to death because h: ~cished to ale-
-17..er that ruitress to the enemy.

MILITIA RECONCILIATION.

s .

• •

•
NAPAL INTILLIGENOL
CAPTURE OP A PAMPA LUGGER. -

RAMSGATE, OCTOBER s.
Yesterday aflitnoon the French lugger privateer
•
la Praise, pierced for 14 guns, and carrying 5O men,
a prize to his Mjesty's sloop of war, the
Captain WILLIAM CLAnar., was brought into knits:.
•, . •
gate harbour. The circumstances connectesOvith
this capture are detailed in the following letter from
on board the ROLLA, now in the Downs :
" Sunday, sthi October, six o'clock, P. M. w
covered a lugger to leeward of us, off Dieppe ; but
she was so close in with the land, that we had no
other method of taking her than by hoisting French
colours over the English. Having our plain side to
her she took us for a captured West Indiaman ; and
we, having a press of sail, were under close -reef top-
sails, and main-top-gallant sail set, with a fore-top.
gallant mast down in merchant-man fashion, keeping
• six men only on deck, the marines and the rest of the
ship's company lying down to leeward, with their
small arms, out of sight. When within half a mile
of the lugger, we hauled down the French colours,•
hoisted English, let down our ports, and fired into her
with musquetry, grape and cannister, the effects of I
which are visible in her masts and rigging. The big-
ger then endeavoured to hoist her main-lug to get
away from us, we going at the rate of nine knots, but
he fell under our lee, we becalmed him, and hooked I
his main-rigging with our sheet anchor. At this
instant, Lieutenant 13HADBY, Mr. THOMAS ACKEItS,
Master's-mate, Mr. it °nut SLAYTON, and ten men,.
boarded the lugger in a gallant style, driving about
40 of the enemy from the deck. She proves to be la
Praise, out of Dieppe, had made no capture, and is
pierced for 14 guns. She is one of two privateers to
which the NAIAD and ROLLA gave chace on Situr-
day, too close for us to de any thing against a ten
gun battery and four mortars, and the privateer being
in two fathoms and a half of water, as the prizemaster
has since informed us."

PLYMOU I'H, OCTOBER 7.
No arrivals nor sailings this day.—Wind West.
PORTSMOUTH, OCTOBER 8.
Arrived the ROVER and Itostutus, with about 40
sail of transports, from Lisbon, last from Falmouth.
Sailed the ROYAL Out and PARTRIDGE on a cruize,
and the Fox frigate wiih a convoy for thr Downs.—
Arrived thesV.estal frigate, from the MAliterranean,

:and ib put under dose quarantine.—Wind W.
DEAL, OCTOBER 3.

.0

We are rejoiced to find that a perfect reconciliation I Sailed the ROYALIST and SKI LARK on a min off
has taken place between the Nottingham and Lime- . the French coast. The privateer brought in yesterday
rick Regiinetits of Militia, between whom a quarrel .
by the Roues, proves to be l'Aspiar, of 16 guns and
took place last week in Dublin Barracks. The grati.
'
50 lying particulars will be found in the following letter: men, from St. Valens, and had made no capture.
" DUBLIN, IYCI'OBER 2.
: Sailed the Pennine and the 'I hefts transport for
.. •
it Oa Wednesday last we were gratified with the HclifPland.'Wina S.W. • • . ;,41
most pleasing sight that could possibly fill the heart ' HARWICH, OCTOBER 8.
.•.. . , A
of every lover of hisling and country. We allude to • Arrived the Lady Francis packet, with twoent4,
the reconciliation (mentioned in our paper of Thurs. from Anholt. Sir JANIES Sete.tettex and his fleet
day) that took place between the Limerick city and
still continue in Wingo Sound.—Wind West.
the Nottingham regiments of Militia. We are happy
in being enabled to state the following particulars, YARMOUTH, OCTOBER 8.
from an officer of one of the above regiments, alto' This morning sailed the OSPREY on a -ruize ; and
was on the ground :---The two regiments assembled the ships which parted convoy from Gottenbnrgh
in Stephen's-green at half past ten o'clock, and were
(and which arrived here yesterday) for London, under
drawn up in line, fronting each other, at the distance
of about one.bundred paces. About eleven o'clock, convoy. The DESIREE frigate, Cdr.. FARQUHAR, has
Major General Coontax (to whose brigade they be. detained and sent in the Vigilant, Capt. Comas% an,
longed) arrived on the Green ; the Field Officers of American cartel, from the Texel to Boston, with up-,
both regiments then assembled round the General•
and his Stair ; and, after some few observations deli- war
s
CORK, OC 10BDIt 2. •
vered to the Colonels of each regiment (VEREKER and i
On the night of TueSday selmight, a very violent
Gotta)), a letter from the Commander of the Forces, !
expressing the regret he felt at the unhappy differences gale of wind, from the Nurth-West, was experienced
in Tralee. We have received an imperfect, but most
that occasioned their meeting there on that day, and
hoping that both regiments would conic forwards and deplorable account, of the loss of a man of war the'
shake hende like Britons and brother soldiers. After same night, in the Bay of Dingle, within about a
this letter had been read by the Commander and ofti- league of that town. Owing to the fury of the tem-
cers of each regiment to the soldiers, they were pest, and the mountainous height of the waves, no
thrown into open columns of companies, piled their assistance could possibly be afforded, and, we under-
arms, and filed off to their right and left ; the band stand, but few hands have escaped.
of both regiments, during this interesting moment, ' The following is an extract of a letter, dated Caer-
playing .. God save the King." The grenadier con. narvon, October 6 :—" A ship of about 500 tons
piny of each regiment then halted, and fronted each burthen has been off this bar for three days, bottom
other, at the head of wit' th the Field Officers were tip. Eighteen dead bodies, supposed to be part of
stationed ; they then received the word from their re- the crew, have been driven on shore."
spective commanders, to move forward, the bands of Axetveri—At Liverpool, the Hannah, Best, sad Diana, Smith,
each tegiment playing the favourite tune of the other; f rnrn Barikaclors; and Wilson, —, from May Brunswick.—la
the River, thedOt
ldichamptonf, —, from Villa Ncuera; and Phos.
the Limerick playieg" The British Grenadiers," and , .
from eit
Newt, .the
.Hopss„
the Nottingham, " Gaeryowen." On their meeting, Tvz;rett, from. Afric,a; St'affrurldn,Q aol
the request of the Commander of the Forees was Hardyaist, —, front Bath (America).—At Waterford, die
fully complied with ; for; in the annals of military Laura, from Viand.—At Belfast, the Hornet, from Bath.At
affairs, such a cordial reconciliation, perhaps, never Dublin, the William Leer, —, troni St. Übes.
took place ; they met like Britons and brother sol- The French privateers in the Channel have become
diers, and each man shook his fellow by the hand.— uncommonly active. We have several letters from
They then returned to their arms, and made the air Dover, of the 7th inst. which notice their vigilance
resound with three times three hearty cheers, the bands in the following manner:—" Three French privateers
playing " God save the King."- Whatever sonic ma- endeavoured last night, at nine o'clock, to capture
lignaet persons may assert to the contrary, the most with small arms, a large ship, called the Somerset-
perfect and friendly understanding has existed between shire, Captain HALT, bound from Jamaica to Lon-
the officers of both regiments since their arrival in don ; but they were gallantly repulsed by our brave
this garrison." • tars, who opened a very heavy and destructive fire on
I
the enemy, assisted by the batteries at this places" .
.--.
One of the Officers of the French lugger privateer, We have been so long without any account of the
seven missing East Indiamen, that all hope of their
just brought into Ramsgate, a prize to his Majesty's safety, or even of the escape of any person belonging
sloop of war ROLLA, says, that it is generally report- to them, must now, perhaps, be given up. It is,
ed and believed in France, that the invasion of Gueni- howeier, extraordinary that no part even of their
sey and Jersey will be immediately otternpted. In wrecks has been discovered. The Bourbon Gazette, of
the sth of January last, contains a letter, mentioning
order to man the ships of war and trAsports for this
e • that a planter of that Island, together with his family
expedition, the trews of merchantmen and privateer* and negroes, on the 31st of December, 1810, " ob-
are impressed and marched off in irons, without any served out at sea, a body which corresponded in size
d stiuction. with a vessel of 1,000, or 1,200 tons, and which both
he and his slaves were positive was a ship with her
Mr.PritcavAL came to town yesterday from Ealing,
bottom upwards." It disappeared in the evening of
a d transacted business at the Treasury.
that day ; and. unfortunately, information was not
Admiral APODACA is expected at Portsmouth on given in.titali to enable any ships in Bourbon Roads
Friday, to take his passage in the Swiftsure, for Cadiz.
toga in quest of the wreck, if such it was, and obtain
The Hon. and Rev. GERALD WELLESLEY, brother the melancholy satisfaction of at lost aseertaiaing
to the Marquis, is mentioned as likely to succeed tl.e
what ship it bad been.
late Dr. &E r, in the Bishopric of Dronore.
. .
0
,fi,„...4.,,,
