COLONIAL TRADE BILL.

The order of the hay having been read for the second reading of the
Colonial Trade Bill,
Mr. P. THOMPSON said it was not the intention of his Majesty's
government to press this bill in its present shape.
Mr. HERRIES said he should offer no obstacle to the postpone-
ment.

Mr. ROBINSON lamented that the bill was to be delayed. The
interest of our colonies had been sacrificed to concessions to the United
Sores. The Americans had presumed to tell us, what were our in-
terests, and what ought to be our principles of navigation. As to the
threatened reprisals of Americt,what more could it do than it had done.
lie wished to know whether Mr. lll`Lane had not re.opened,
the negotiation regarding Colonial Intercourse, and daring to dictate
before the Board of Trade as to ►he duties we ought to impose. From
what he had this night heard from the Vice-President of the Board
of Trade, he feared that Mr. IPLane had been but too
successful in inducing our ministers to re-open the negociation.—
If this were true, he would not hesitate to say that
it was a gross breach of faith. He wished also to ask the right hon.
rent. before him (Mr. Herries) whether he had not allowed a repre-
sentation to be sent out to the colonies, that at least for a tins* the
proposed scale would be acted upon ?

Sir H. PARNELL trusted that the Government would not now give
any answer to the question asked. As to the bill, he contended it was
a violation of existing treaties, and that it ought not to pass in its pre.
sent shape. Mr. AP Lane had shown that fact. The principle of the
member for Harwich's (Mr. Herries) bill, was the old, and almost ex-
ult:tied one, of " protection." (Hear.) He trusted that the Vice-
President of the Board of Trade would, after the recess, show that he
Mal not forgotten the principles he had formerly professed. (Hear.)
Mr. DERBIES complained of the course pursued by the hors. mem-
bers (Mr. Robinson and Sir H. Parnell.) The measure was to be post-
paned, and yet those members thought It right to attack and misrepre-
sent the late government. As to the question put to him, no official
notice had been given of the character mentioned • but the views of go.
eminent had been imparted to deputations, and Others having commu-
nication with the government departments. Further than that nothing
had been done; In fact, the government could not have pledged itself as
to what Parliament would do.
Mr. HUME complained of the language used by an hon. member
(Nlr. Robinson) in calling the conduct of America " presuming" and
" daring." Was that proper language to be adopted towards an inde-
pendent State ? He disapproved of the Bill; it was, in fact, protecting
one colony at the expense of another; and it was contrary to what
America had the right to expect, pursuant to existing treaties ; and it
was contrary to the interests of this country. He trusted the Bill would
be considerably modified, and he was therefore glad of the postponement.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS hoped the question would be fully considered;
it was most important to the colonies.
Mr. P. THOMSON said he could not answer the question that
had been put to him now : • moment's reflation would show that it
could not be expected of him to answer, whether any negociation was
pending with the American Minister.
The second reading of the bill was then postponed till February 11.
Lord NUGENT postponed the second reeding of the lAbourers'
Hiring Bill. He would tic a day after the mess in which he hoped to
have a discussion on it.

Mr. SADLER observed that the bill was highly important—hut ap-
proved of the proposed postponement.
Mr. SLANEY approved of the postponements—it would give time
for further consideration; be felt assured that the more the bill was con-
sidered, the greater would the difficulties of carrying It into edict
appear.
Second reading postponed till February 10.
The Judgment in Execution bill went through a committee.—Report
to morrow.

FORGERIES TO ♦N ELECTION PETITION.

_ _
Sir R. INGLIS moved that the petition which bad been presented,
complaining of forged signatures having been attached to the petition
complaining of an undue election for CArrickfergus, be referred to a
select committee to examine into the matter thereof. _ _

Sir A. CHICHESTER said, that the parties had entered into the re-
gular recognizances, and trusted that no slur would be thrown on the
proceedings.
Lord PALMERSTON acquiesced in the motion.
Mr. HUME recommended that the motion should not be pressed—
and that the hon. hart. should enquire into the allegations of the peti-
tion, and communicate the result to the house.
. .

Sir J. GRAHAM was favourable to the motion, because then, if
any special proceedings were required, the House would have rep.
lar grounds to proceed upon in possessing the committee's report.
Motion agreed to, and the committee appointed.
This concluded the public business. The presentation of petitions
was resumed at a quarter to seven o'clock.
Mr. CURTER, in presenting a petition, said, that to attempt a
free trade in can, would be perfect insanity. He hoped the govern.
nient would not listen to the political economists. The petition was
from a parish in Sussex, complaining of agricultural distress, and
praying for reduction of taxation.
Mr. L. WELLESLEY supported the prayer of the petition, and de-
signated the question as one of the most important that mould claim
attention.

Sir J. SRBRIOHT was of opinion that small gardens to cottages
were beneficial, highs thought that no cottager could, with advantage,
occupy more land than he could easily oddest. as a idtchen garden.
He had tried the experiment on hie own estate.
Lewd NUGENT approved of spade husbandry and allotments of
land to labourers, under prsper restrictions.
Mr. BRISCOE explained, that he thought no allotment of land to
the labourer should exceed an we, and was of opinion that half an acre
was sufficient,
Mr. Ald. WAITHMAN was favourable to allotments of land to the
labourer, but was convinced that the cause of the distress was not to be
removed by that measure. Taxation must be reduced, and great pen-
sions and sinecure* must be abolished, or it would soon be with this
oeuntry as it was with other countries in Europe. The hon. Alderman
gave notice, that he would lay upon the table a string of resolutions,
relating to the state of the country, to be taken into consideration after
the holidays.
A lengthy conversation followed, and the petitions were laid on the
table.

Mr. LENNARD moved for a town of the number of persons who
have been convicted of forgery :--and In the absence of the member for
Ayr, foe a return of the emoluments of keeper of the signet in Scotland,
within the last ten years.—The motions were avoid to.
The bill for intending the turnpike.road act in Scotland was read a
second time.

Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN moved for a number of returns re-
lating to the funded property paid and received by the commissioners
tor the national debt; and for the amount of manufactured goods ea.
ported between 1798 and 1829.
Mr. ELLICE offered some opposition, and urangers were ordered to
withdraw for the purpose of dividing the House, but the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HUME had three petitions to present from Sussex, which re-
quired him to nodes them at some length. The hon. member read a
portion of one of the petitions from Horsham, which set forth that the
labourers had suffered as much as they could, and being driven to drape.
ration could endure no more. Another of the petitions prayed for reduc-
tion of taxation, and Parliamentary Reform.
Mr. L LUMLEY made a few observations on the Corn Lows. He
said that they did not benefit the agriculturist, but a knot of corn.
therms and jobbers,who job with corn as stock.jobbere job with the funds.
Colonel SIBTHORPR expressed his disapprobation of five trade in
cern. as it would render the agriculturists incapable to meet their pro.
portions of the burdens of the country.
Mr. C URTE IS, in an explanation, said that the lowest rate of wages
in one parish of Sussex, for labourers, was le.9d. per day.—.Petidon
laid on the table.
Mr. HUME presented thirteen peados@ from Scotland, praying for
the abolition of colonial slavery. Laid on the table.
Mr. HUME moved for anew= of the items (upended on Royal Re.
sidemen at Kensington sad Elam Court, for deepest year, and to
vete by whom elegy woe sod of the Royal parks. The bob
member hod been binned that the . met el des bendier had been,
ler the lest tee yews, IMI,OOOI.
Mr. HUMS inbred Am the mailing boiniment, width OMellorrei
Mr. J. Sullivan 7,8001. per ennase.botbe slenatien et King's y,
rite. at Debora' e the mane to wee* his Mk and how many rim as
slice hod bees done by deputy ; the amount that had been poi* to bin
as sii, with the imemot feed csmpe.ad interest. Tbe bon member bad

been informed that Mr. Sullivan had held the situation since he was
one year old.
Mr. HUME moved for an account of houses in each county that
pay, and such as are exempted from the window tax ; and a similar
return for house taxes.— Motions agreed to.
Mr. HUMS presented a petition from Arbroath, praying to be
relieved from the expense of quarantine duce.
Mr. C. P. THOMPSON explained the purposes to which the qua.
rantike funds were appropriated.
The petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLANEY presented three petitions from Shrewsbury against
neurfavery.
NUGENT moved a return of the number and description of
oaths taken in the Custom-house during one year, and a similar return
from the Excise.—Agreed to.
