FROM THE EDINBURGH STAR OF FRIDAY.

The following is given as a Programme of the in-
tx.ded Royal Procession to the Castle; it may, how-
ever, be subject to future modification :
kis understood that one of the earliest objects which
may be expected to attract his MAJESTY'S attention, is
a visit to the Castle. This is to be paid with all the
pomp and circumstance of Royalty ; and as it may
be thought that the arrangements of this day will, in
ieir general outline, serve as a Model for all the after
proceedings of the same splendid description, we shall
describe them fully :

The Kum will proceed from his Palace of Holyrood-house In
an open carriage, drawn at the slowest possible pace; the Scot-
tish Regalia carried before him—those venerable symbols of
long-cherished national independence ; and attended by a nume-
rous and noble train, consisting of his great Officers, and other
personages, distinguished for rank or official station.
His MAJESTY will pass up the Canongate, High-street, and
Lawnmarket, between two lines of his subjects, disposed, under
certain arrangements and classifications, on each side of the
streets leading to the Castle, and who are to remain firm on their
post, in order again to enjoy a sight of their Sovereign, as he
returns from the Castle to the Abbey.
These arrangements appear to he made with admirable taste,
and to be calculated to produce the most splendid and impres-
sive effect.

From the Palace, up to the commencement of the High
street, the Canongate is be lined by its own inhabitants, mid
those of its ancient ally, Leith.
Along the High-street, as far as the Lawnmarket, the incor-
porated Crafts are to be drawn up on both sides, displaying, as
in ancient times, their banners, and disposed under their seve-
ral Deacons ; the whole under the command of the Deacon
Convener, with the blue blanket, which is said to have seen the
Holy Wars.

At the Cross a platform is to be erected for the whole body
of the Magistracy, in their robes, headed by the Right lion. the
Loan PROVOST, and attended by their Officers.
Upon the balcony of the Royal Exchange, opposite, another
platform is to be raised, which is to contain what may be re-
garded as the representative of Scottish beauty—in the persons
of several hundreds of the finest women in Scotland; these are
to be admitted by tickets from the LORD PROVOST. Other gal-
leries, for the same purpose, will he erected elsewhere.
The Clergy are to occupy an erection infrpnt of St.Giles'sCharch.

The open space before the County Rooms, properly levelled
for the occasion, is to have a stage for the accommodation of die
Judges of the four High Courts of Session, Justiciary, Exche-
quer, and Jury, attended by the members of the Faculty of Ad-
vocates, and other legal bodies.

From the Lawnmarket, as high as the Castle-hill, the street is
to be lined, on one side, by Gentlemen of the neighbouring
Counties, with their Lord Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants;
and, on the other, by the Professors of the College, the Rector
and Masters of the High School, and other Academies of the
City ; the boys wearing silk sashes and Scottish bonnets ; as well
as by die other classes of inhabitants, ranged under their legal or
conventional leaders.

Tke Castle-hill is to be guarded by a large body of Highlanders
in complete national costume, through whom the Royal Process
Sion is to pass Into the Castle.

It is understood that his blAJzrre will return to the Abbey
In the same order.

It is not yet finally determined whether his MA•
jury will land at Leith or Trinity Pier. Should his
MAJESTY disembark at Leith, a Triumphal Arch
will be erected at Garfield-square, the bounds of the
extended Royalty, where his MAJESTY will receive
the keys of the City. It is understood that his MA-
JESTY will proceed to the Palace by the new road
through St. Ann's Yards, and guns are to be placed
at stances along the summits of the surrounding
bills to fire salutes, which, with the cheers of the int-
imate multtude that will be collected on the hills,

will welcome bis
of his ancestors.
A huge bonfire is to be 'lighted on
the night which succeeds the '
It is nbt proposed to tuur

than on that of the Banquet.
We understand that the Celtic Society are to form
four companies, in the complete Highland costume,
for discharging the duty of Guards on the Lord
High Constable and Knight Marischal. In the latter
capacity they will mount a constant Guard on the
Regalia till these honours of Scotland are returned
to the Castle.
Sir JOHN Hose, Bart. of Pinkie, Lieutenant-Colo-
nel of the Royal Mid-Lothian Yeomanry Cavalry,
has issued a Regimental Order to the members of the
Corps, intimating that the Regiment is put under the
orders of Major-General Sir THOMAS BRADFORD,
K.C.B. Commander of the Forces in North Britain,
preparatory to the arrival of his MAJESTY, and to
continue during his stay in Edinburgh ; and the mem-
bers are to be in readiness to turn out on a moment's
notice, in the best possible order.

The Right Hon. Lord MONTAGU has arrived at
Dalkeith. His Lordship, no doubt, wishes to super-
intend personally the extensive preparations now
making at the Palace for his MAJESTY'S reception.-
His Grace the Duke of ATHOLL is to occupy Lary
SNAFORTH's house in Charlotte-square.

An elegant mansion has been taken in Queen-street
for the Right Hon. the LORD PROVOST and Magis-
trates of Glasgow, during his MAJESTY'S visit to this
city; and a state coach, with the arms of the city of
Glasgow on it, is in preparation for that occasion.
Tuesday, the Town Council of Aberdeen resolved,
that a Deputation of their number shall proceed to
Edinburgh, in order to present an Address of Con-
gratulation to his MAJESTY, on his arrival in his an-
cient Kingdom of Scotland.

We have received the French Papers of Thursday
and Friday. Those a the former day possess little
interest, except some speculations as to the approach-
ing Ccngress in Italy. Those of Friday are of con-
siderable importance, so far as relates to the state
of parties in France. The Monifeur, of Thursday,
publishes at length what in France is called the Act
of Accusation, or, as we should term it, the Indict-
ment against General Berrrori and his accomplices
in the conspiracy at Saumur.

The number of persons accused k 56, of whom
18 have fled. General BERTON, and 37 others, are
in custody. The object of the conspiracy is stated to
have been to destroy the Kixes Government, and to
excite civil war. The indictment then details the pro-
ceedings of the conspirators up to the time of their
detection. It states General BERTON announced that
the rising was general throughout all France ; that a
Provisional Government was established, and that
the Ma. cpis de la FAYETTE was declared Generalis-
simo of the Armies.

But the most important part of this document is
that in which four of the most distinguished Nlorn-
hers of the Opposition in the Chamber of Deputies
are implicated in the plot of General Bearom. The
Act of Accusation states, that there existed a secret
Society, the object of which was to overthrow the
Government. This Society was directed by a Com-
mittee sitting at Paris, and BERTON was the principal
agent in the Departments of the West. He confesses,
in his interrogatory, that it was GRANDSIENILLE who
came to seek him at Rennes in the month of February,
to conduct him to Saumur. This GRANDNIENILLE
made frequent journies to Paris. He has stated that
he had intercourse Kith the Generals FOY and LA
FAYETTE, and with the Deputies LAFITTE and BEN-
JAMIN CONSTANT. It is under the tricoloured flag,
with cries of " Five la Liberte ! Five Napoleon II."
and with the title of the General-in• Chief of the Army
of the West, that BERTON marched, with a band
which he had raised, upon Saumur, with the inten-
tint► of taking it.
Such charges against the Deputies were not likely
to pass unnoticed, and accordingly, on Thursday,
when the item in the Budget for defraying the charges
of the Chamber of Peers was introduced in the Cham.
ber of Deputies, M. B. CONSTANT adroitly took oc-
casion to mention the situation in which this Assem-
bly stood with regard to the administration of cri-
minal justice. He accused the Members of the Upper
Chamber of being what we could call placemen, and
therefore incapable of giving an impartial judgment
in cases between the Government and the Public.—
These paid Peers," said he, " are anti-constitutional
and dangerous ; they destroy the independence of the
Chamber, both as a legislative power and as a Court
' of Justice. Such an abuse (continued the speaker),
at all times injurious, must be mole so at present,
when the Government is favouring informers, or at
least is receiving all the inventions of pretended con-
spiracies—conspiracies of which the Chamber of
Peers may ultimately become the judges—conspi-
racies in which the Government eagerly accepts all
denunciations—in which the agents of power, as in
the Arabian Nights, call for the invention of the most
strange tales—the evidence of witnesses who are dead
—the evidence of fugitives---the hearsay: of every
person who can make up a tale of no credit, and
which only excites pity."
The speaker was here interrupted by M. Ravin.-
ram, who cried out from his place, " Hare we not
proofs of the charge from the Tribune itself, and what
need is there of more! M. B. CONSTANT, in conti.

and the conspiracy to
a party. He alluded with great propriety to the plots
of Charles reign, in which the witnesses were not
only paid by the Treasury, but lodged in Whitehall
for their testimony. After some further observations,
M. B. CONSTANT concluded, and M. Revecciasta,
who had interrupted him, proceeded to the Tribune,
but the first words which he uttered being,“ That the
Members implicated should have an opportunity of
shewing their connexion or want of connexion with
the conspiracy," were followed by the PaastnaNes
declaration that they were irrelevant. A warm al-
tercation then took place•between the PRESIDENT and
several Members of the left side, who demanded an
opportunity for M. Retrzumuta to make good his
charges, or to confess himelf a calumniator.
M. LAYITTI, one of the Deputies whose name is
mentioned, said, that when he saw himself mentioned
in an official document in the Moniteur, as being an
accomplice of sedition and treason, he could not sit
-silent under the calumny, which he repelled with in-
dignation. He asked if himself and his brother De-
puties, who were enumerated in the same list, were
to be considered as under the hands of the execu-
tioner ? The calumny he denounced as founded n
the hired evidence of the vile agents of P.,lice—of
-the wretches who acted as purveyors for the scaffold,
who began their vocation in the days of anarchy in
1793 ; and he demanded an inquiry from the Cham-
ber into the conduct of the Royal Procureur in giving
currency to such a charge.

The KEEPER of the SEALS defended the conduct
of the Royal Procureur in drawing up the indict-
ment which embodied the statements sworn to in the
first examination.

General For followed the Keeper of the Seals, and
inveighed in strong terms against the conduct of the
public prosecutor, which he spoke of with indigna-
tion, " even with execration." " To put such calum-
nies," said he, ".in the mouth of absent persons, ac-
cused on purpose to create an impression against
others which cannot be publicly removed, is an atr•-
cious a.nd infamous perversion of the rights of a pub-
lic prosecutor." He likewise caled for inquiry.
M. de la BOURDONSAY4 a Royalist Deputy, sup-
ported the demand for inquiry, though he saw no rea-
son for condemning die conduct of the Procureur•
General.

M. Taman, the celebrated Barrister, and one of
the new Members for Paris, condemned in strong
terms the part of the indictment IA hich implicated on
the evidence of an absent party fun. Members of the
Chamber of Deputies.
General LA FATETTZ mounted the tribune, and
spoke as follows:—" Whatever be my habitual in-
difference to the accusations and malevolence of
parties, I think it my duty to add a few words to
what my honourable colleagues have said. During
the course of a career dedicated entirely to the cause
of liberty, I have constantly desired the honour of
being exposed to the malevolence of the enemies of
that cause, under whatever form, despotic, aristocra-
tic, or anarchical, they opposed it. Ido not, there-
fore, complain, whatever I might object to the word
proved, in the indictment; but I join my honourable
friends in demanding the greatest publicity to the
proof in the bosom of the Chamber, and in the face
of the Nation. In such a case only shall we be able
(my accusers and I, in whatever rank of life they are)
to state without compliment, what for thirty years
we have mutually to reproach ourselves with."

M. de VILIALIt resisted the motion for inquiry on
the ground that justice should be allowed to take
its course.

This stormy discussion was protracted till nearly
seven o'clock, and then concluded in a violent and
tumultuous manner. The PRESIDENT attempted to
close the debate, which was opposed by M. CASIIIIR
PERIER, who, addressing himself alternately to the
right and to the PRESIDENT, exclaimed—cc It is an
assassination! it is an atrocity !"
M. LAFITTE.—YOU are cowards! yon wish to
murder us, and you dare not listen to us I

The PRESIDENT.—It is not your turn to speak.
M. CASIMIR Realm—Thanks to you! it is an
abominable treason!

The PRESIDENT put the ankle of the Budget to
the vote amidst the most violent tumult.

The vow for the Chamber of Peers w•as agreed to.
FRENCH FUNDS, Atm. 2.—Five per Cent. Consols
opened at 92f. 10c. highest 92f. 10c. closed at 92f.--
Bank Stock 1600 f.

We have received, by a Spanish Mail, Madrid
Papers to the 23d ult. and intelligence of the same
date through the medium of the French Journals.—
They completely refute the false and infamous asset-
dons of the French Ultra Journalists, that a counter-
revolution had taken place in Madrid. On the con-
trary, the capital preserved the utmost tranquillity,
up to the evening of the 22d ult. On the 19th, the
KING, Qualm, and Palma, appeared in public, for
the first time since the revolt of the Guards, driving
through the streets of Madrid to the palace of the
Retiro, and guarded by a detachment of horse mi-
litia. One account says, that the Royal Party was
received by the people i 4 respectful and sipiiicsat

while iknother'entelme Mae that ttsey
by cries atm Long live the Constitutional
, the Coustitudat t" both agreeing, that at
of is tie Son," a fellow, described to beast
ecclesiastic, called out twice or thrice, 4d Death to the
r but that he was instantly token prisoner
Police. The Ministry have been assailed by a
multitude of accusations, both in the public Journals
and in petitions to the nab for their dismissal. one
of their alleged crimes was the appointment of Ge.
neral Moatino to the two incompatible posts of Midi
litary and Political Chief of Madrid. Another charge
was that of having formed a plan for Incorporating
the Constitutional Officers and soldiers of the Old
Guard, viz. those who had remained faithful to their
duty, with the remnants of the two battalions which
capitulated on the 7th—a measure which it was ev:.,
dent would not merely disgrace, but imminently en.
danger that small patriotic band, who had declared,
one and all, that they would quit the service if called
upon to submit to :Itch a degradation. The result
was that the Ministers resigned.
The investigation into the mutiny of the Royal
Guard is carried on, and it is said that some particu-
lars have transpired which involve the Km; himself,
but that these have been set aside, on account of the
inviolability of the KlNds person. This .. right di-
vine to govern wrong," which protects the KING, does
not, however, extend to his brother, the Infant Don
Casinos, who has always been hostile to the Consti-
ttstion. It is said, that in the judicial proceeding re.
lative to the affair of Aranjuez, May 30th, two wiz-
aesses deposed, that Don CARLOS was implicated in
the conspiracy; and that the Prince was required by
the Judge to answer certain interrogatories on oath.
The Prince refused, and, it was supposed, would be
sentenced for contempt of public justice. We do not
presume to dictate to the Spanish Government what
course it shall adopt towards a rebellious Prince, but
we conceive that an Act of exclusion, like that which
was so long meditated, and so nearly successful,
against the Duke of long (JANISS H.) in this coun-
try, would be a remedy or a preventive quite within
the pale of precedent from regular Governments and
from Maffei times. The Princes appear to be con-
fleeted with the proceedings iu Madrid also.

The accounts from the Spanish Provinces are ~:c-nerally
nerally favourable; the result of the Madrid mwtiiv
appears to have prohned the best effects; and, i.;
some conflicts, the Constitutionalists hale had the
advantage. The mischiefs brewing on the sise ci
France are kept steadily in view by the Spani,h
Lion, who seem not at all disposed, at present, to 1 e
either intimidated or deluded. The resolute, nni,!,2-
' rate, and almost unanimous People of Simi:),
nothing to fear beyond the momentary trout le arising
from some local, transient, and fruitless efforr (%.
mer-
cenary treachery, or factious despair. The Si,ani,h
Papers are filled with Addresses, congratulating the
Militia for their conduct on the memorable day of the
7th. Since that time the Militia perform all the military
service of the capital, and form the guard of the Palace.

This forenoon we received a Dutch Mail, bringing
Papers to the Ist inst. An article from Vienna states
that at the approaching Congress at Verona, in Septem-
ber. the Emperors of AUSTRIA and RUSSIA will at.
tend in person, but that the Courts of London, Paris,
and Berlin, will send Ministers. The Porte declines
having anything to do with the Congress, on the
ground that it has no political relation with the
Christian Powers which can make it necessary to
conclude new treaties.

It is said that the. Emperor of Russtt will extend
his journey beyond Verona, and visit Rome. The
following are some further particulars relative to
Scio, from private letters from that Island:

" The Greek population of the Island, which was
formerly estimated at 110,000 persons, was now rc•
duced to 20,000, so that 90,000 have vanished trona
the Island ; 45,000 of these are women and children,
who have been carried into slavery : 41,000 persons
were already carried away, exclusive of those which
the Turks have clandestinely taken with them :-
25,000 persons had lost their lives, of whom many
were burnt in their houses, or carried off by the con-
tagious diseases caused by pestilential exhalations cf
the unburied corpses. The harbour was so full of
dead bodies, that vessels were impeded in their
course by them.

,e Among those who have escaped are 5,000 w1:0
were absent at the time of the catastrophe, and 15,000
have fled, to avoid death or slavery, to Ipsara,Smyrni,
and other places, where they are in the most deplo•
rable state of distress. The city, and 44 of the 66
villages that existed on the island, are plundered and
destroyed—the booty made by the Turks is immense•
Behid, Pacha of three tails, the Governor of the island,
is deposed or banished, and Apti, Pacha of two tails,
appo►nted in his stead. It is reported that all the
Asiatic troops are to be sent away from the Man!,
and only 4,000 Arnauts remain as a garrison."
•

Yesterday, Mr. Secretary Pam., attended by Mr.
STRATHFLELD, his Private Secretary, and Mr. Han .ER,
the King's Messenger, left town to be in readiness to
attend his MAJESTY at Edinburgh.
The ICING'S yacht, the ROYAL GEORGE, is arrived
off Greenwich Hospital, and the stores, &c. for 1114
MAJESTY'S voyage to Leith are putting on board.—
The ROYAL SOVEREIGN yacht, Captain ADAM, And the
PRINCE REGENT, yacht, Captain Sir Mictimst.
)101/R, with the PHAETON and Eozari friptes, and
CAINSLION sloop of war, are already at the Nore, and
there await the arrival of his MAJESTY.
Viscount MILVILLX left town on Thursday for
Edinburgh.


. . t, . . t . • .
-
• - -,' , -
,
bfArosres opened to the imationt 'q.t." P 4. Rennie', alll*alrraft 11Sillacet whiff
charge, "Or bilk the. sane of a coluitiakator, WOO I room sainted
1 is to be .lighted on Arthur's Seat give him, if he cannot pananthe 'conspiracy.' The 'ling, and th
weeds the Royal arrival. Member thus accused of calumny remained saute, ; the gate of '
ed to illuminate on any other night and the speaker in possession of the Tribune cootinued ; ecclesiastic, e
le Banquet. his observations respecting the article of the Budget, I perjured r b
.1.....w_ r A.:. ct'...:.... ~, c„,.,, and the conspiracy to which he was accused of being' by the Police

;IA will at..
idon, Paris,
to declines
ass, on the •
with the
ecessary to '
will extend
ome. The
relative to
which was
'as now rc• "
iished from
,d children,
100 persons
hose which
h them :
horn many
ry the con-
talations el
so full of
d in their
5,000 who
and 15,000
ra,Smyrna,
iost deplo•
of the 66
ndered :tad
is immen'e•
Fthe
f two tails,
rat all the
the island,
son."
ed by Mr.
Ir.
eadiness to
is arri~•c.t
cc. for lii+
a board.—
igatel, and
Nore, and
ursday for
