House, that anxious as the lion. Member professed to
have bed to prevent the odious traffic, not one Culprit
had been convicted. Re tvpeated that when the props
time arrived, he should be fully ready to support the
view he had taken respecting the Mauritius.
Mr. BROUGHAM expressed his satisfaction at the
tone of mildness, considering the conflicting interests
engaged, in which the debate of the evening had been
carried on. He was impressed with the impottance of
the rulsject ; and whilst he admitted the degree of relief
to be expected, he could not think of advising the
Honourable Gentleman to persevere in pressing. his
motion, after the .candid manner in which the Right
Honourable President of the Boatel of Trade stated
his willingness to take the question into his most se-
rious consideration. lie would not trouble the House
with any lengthy rema-k'. but allusion having been
made by an Honourable Gentleman (Sir R. Farquhar)
as to the non-existence of slavery in the Mauritius, when
the subject came t'. be diiebssed he should be fully pre-
pared to meet it, but in the interim he begged to say
that his opinions on the question were unchanged Irons
the first night he delivered them in that House--(Hear..)
With regard to the question more immediately before
the House, he stilithought that an extension of trade to
the East Indies would lead to the most advantageous
commercial results.
Mr. W. HORTON reminded the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman (Mr. Brougham), that when we took pos-
session of the Mauritius, it was expressly stipulated
thae the sugar trade of the island should be secured to
it. No question had arisen, or been thought cf, as to
slavery or free labour. With respect to his lion. Friend
(Sir It. Farquhar), he would put it to the House, if it
was not natural for a man who had labouredstrenu-
ously in his country's service, to feel indignant when
he•was charged with worse than negligence. It would
be his (Mr. Horton's) duty to lay before the House some
information with respect to the witnesses heard before
the .Committee, and if one half of what those docu-
ments contained was true, it would be impossible to
doubt that some parties, not his Hon. Friend, had been
guilty of most discreditable practices.
Mt. C. W. WYNN said, that from the feeling which
eviiently pervaded the House, be should not have said
one syllable upon the occasion, were he not anxious to
express his satisfaction at the question having been
brought forward. He agreed entirely with what had
fallen from his Right Honourable Friend the President
of the Board of Trade ; and he was of opinion that the
East India Company ought not to possess more advan-
tages than their capital entitled them to. The Honour-
able Gentleman who seconded the motion had said that
nothing had been done to improve the condition of the
inhabitants of the interior provinces, but he (Mr. W.)
begged to reply to that, by refetting to the Act which
was passed some few Sessions since, f r promoting the
education of the inhabitants of India. The local Go-
veinment was so desirous of effecting good, that it had
gone beyond the provisions of the law, and he hoped
soon to lay before the House full information upon the
subject. As a further reason why the consideration of
the subject brim& forward in the motion should be,
postponed, he would refer the House to the state of our 1
new tastern possessions. About one year and a ball
ago certain instructions had been sent out, but no ad-
vices had yet been received respecting their operation.
It would therefore be more advantageous to defer in-
quiry, until information should have been received.
Mr. WHITMORE said that he should willingly
withdraw his motion, and leave the question in the
bands of the Right Hon. President of the Board of
Trade. He did so, however, with the expectation that
the five ye.irs would not be allowed to elapse before
the question was considered, for if such should be likely
to be the case, he should feel it his duty again to bring
the subject under the consideration of the House.—
Motion withdrawn.
