_ „~„~..

.......1.m.7,,,


z~

_ ~,..5

11,1117",
"V • ' • •

. • • 1111' 1-es••1
. . • - • - ..
. . .
' •
‘04::" -951i:1;,\• :::,N\i .
,
ie..- eg_e ( b'O‘'• :a•5).1.,14 r
• .
• • ' • C• Si ri • • •''ll : • " ...
• •.. . - i
. . .
• • _ • • -
. . . . , . . . --.7,.......„ • tic,: i.. 1:- . .• '• • - •
. .. _
_.....
..,.
_.
' .
.e,
~. . . s , . i ,G-
.., A.,, ; , 4;:t- ~ .. '..'• . ~ ..." S ,' ''
- ' ' •.' - ; • •
....: . , . .
- OP' • ''
. . . i . : • \ . -
. -
• f(0 . f
• •
V-14 011C-Aii- 'w . 141 • s*
,Fe ;7"*.fto .
• ~ • I`..‘, 1 ‘0... :s . .
~. t iv(
'. i .",,tr-• • • • .1. , .
, . .
. `.... . ~....
. ~,,, 146‘.,4e)
- , .... . . ‘..
• • .).• .., .
- - " > . eal'''/._ s• - -44•00---
_4p....r...._._....... •
s.--..............,....
..k , .._ . .... , .
NUMBER 10,287. TUESDAY; rEltitlrthlr .151.
.. 18g9- ,_-. • .
RICE OZVEN "PENCE. •
.. . .
........-.......-......-..„........,..-. Ai IWO., 0.11111...•111111.M... /NW- l• MM. N1N0W1T••■••,........-tion,
in....1....81,91176
the
::•==...11=1•141•••••=111111.1.111•••••••••••••rr..,....................
...........
remember W.t.lll:fratl'oryofoeurwitheerusleay.4inneric
co,°ltal 4°livar :
This day was published, price 3s. WEST SIDE OF BOLTON-STREET, *tcoAniar, GENERAL ELECTION. AN ESSAY on the USES of SAIeT for AGRI- Looking int* flavn.Howes-GanamM. •
CULTURAL PURPOSES, and in lIORTICUL. DESIRABLE. FAMILY RESIDENCE, ~„ -,--.
:innigne, knd disunion. The gooccolmwehslicahves
nai4.•
141F°rCsinmsinrertnernie7itit::itaphathas ahead
By cost you much to be free
TUnE; with Instructions for its employment as a Manure, With immediate possession. 'IL-1,9 011itis,
stow
neadOly.DthEl:Steets
thirteen .tats
eatsea
rsCsiOnUct.:TthYeortruis77o"
.
and in feeding Cattle, Sheep, &c. with Experiments and Illus. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, • • Dusahreck's Metal; Edinburgh, •- • innsldBete,waosf
trations from the latest-Authorities. By Mr. ROBINS, GlaulmilOr• ThuradaY aguiridag' 10th
February,
182(k
.I)..sti.t it I.r.Clit.ld-Co.et yon more to be you e ijoy
By CUTHBRRT W. JOHNSON. At Garraway's Coffee-House, Exchange. Alley, Cornhill, on ;
Printed for Longman and Co. and sold by J. Harding, Pall- Tinraseer, the 25d of March, law, at Twelve e/Cliesch,
"Posed" tugs awns Toor RePreoents the in Parliahenb " Yellow. Countrymen ! Fate, arid the extreme
Mau ;P. Youngman, Witham, Essex; and all other liooluollors. SUBSTANTIAL PLEASANT FAMILY'
A HOUSE, situate on the West side of Boltop-street, Pic- was pet en end to by a hasty Dissolution ; and certainly the chief goodness of the Chief of the Nation, have conferred
This day was published, in Two large vole. /Ivo. rice ael 4s. in cadilly, held fora term of which upwards of eightl years are "Wet shat event Moe mo, ass ifs depriving me of an opportunity on me the high destiny of governing you. I cannot
boards, the Third Edition of unexpired, at a low ground-rent of £2,0 per amen, late the , al/shelf/bp, bp an unweadid stbention to my duties, how hiedY offer you more than an ardent desire to preserve
A N HISTORICAL VIEW of the RISE aild Residence of Roam Boaeowits, Esq. deceased. I Os" 0" Prood homer You had bestowed on me• I bo% 'lnce your native country, and my co-operation with the
11l PROGRESS of INFIDELITY, with a Refutation of ' The House contain, a spacious trance-hall, handsome
7tuaiinnflilebe::l:cctldthogliset from
its Principles and Reasonings ;in a Series of Sermons, Preached Buting_mrkor, Library. Dreauerfeen, and wneweinni that period, lived much in the country ; and I can with truth MI-. liberators in defending •
it. I solemnly declare, that
for the Lecture founded by the Hon. Robert Boyle, in the First Story, two handsome Drawings-rooms communicating, Pam you, that the more I have saes of she CountY, the more
tt rileter:fnfireod2 taithininseirs
Parish Church of St. Mary-le.Bow, from the Year 1802 to lsos. finished in the present style, and a' seat Ram adjoining; on heartily and sincerely have Lbeemanattached to its People, and
By the Right Rev. WILLIAM VAN MILDERT, D.D. the Second Story are twelarge Bed-chambers.teritenaller ditto, interested i. ire .4... m. *unwell, et the mu tune, had *mob before ____.__ ...
Lord Bishop of Landaff. and Water-closet, and four geed Chambers ever; a room _ r' r rraucda it to slavery.
Printed. for F. C. and J. Rivington, 62, St. Paul's Church- lighestone Staircase to the second story; Basement, 'are good tor years so little occupied with politics, that I felt no in- is your exertions, Qranadans, are necessary-air
yard, and 3, Waterloo-place, Pall-Mall; and sold by the Book- Offices, Butler, Room, Housekeeper's Refitoilinvants' Hall, clinatiou so disturb the mdet of the County, and far less to en- indispensable. Without them she Government is G
sellers of Oxford, Cambridge, &c. Ste. excellent Kitchen, Pantries, Larders, fite. dip Oilers for Wine, crocci mimsthe repose of the increasing years ofthe worthy Gene- ,deleneeless body. Ministers of I* •soldiers,
Beer, Ect. The whole in imodtorder. • ' ' religion, igloo,
This day was published, ' 'The Neat and Fashimable FURNITURE wig be had at a ral, year present Begissatative, by offeriag myself as a Candidate. merchants, aricu.lturists, every Granadianl if each
.
Beautifully printed, in Three vols. post Bvo. price XI. 10s. Ws. valuation. * .
That lain still averse to engage in the contest is apparent from pf you contribute not to sustain the country in such
The Second Edition of May •
be viewed by Tickets only. Pardaihrs en the Premises; Iny tardiness in coming fol•ward ler so long a period after Captain manner as your condition and your faculties exact
IvANHOE. A Romance. -By the 'Author of at the Subscription4ouses in Pen-Mall and St. Jamees-Mieetiteeires's Address; but so very lassie Ind respectable a body of of yet, ill rigorous obligation, reckon azai th
4' Waverley." ace. of Meath. Weston and Teesdale. Solicitors, Fecchurebootrese,; Freeholders hive urged in to it, that it is hardly now a repetit/014 in your native -n en
e
Printed for Archibald Constable and Cs. Edinburgh; and at °areaway's Coffee-house; and of Mr., Robins, 'Warwick- country, of horrors and, of
Hurst, Robinson, and Co. Cheapside, London. street, Golden-square; of whom 'Delete for viewing may be matter of choke. Permit sat, therefore* Wl* to offer myself to scenes of blood• more frightful
than those which you
By whom will be published, in a few days, had. -- you as a Candidate to &vent you in the ensuing Parliament. have seen exhibited ;an eternal stain will fall upon
Illustrations of Ivanhoe, engraved by Chattel Heath, • from
, Tithose wbo knew .me; I Vast it is unnecessary for me to your memory ; and the
Designs by It Westall, ILA. FOR PRESERVING WO BEAUTIFYING nut TEETH. malediction of posterity,
THE VEGETABLE TOOTH-POWDER has sci the any pledge of my public conduct. To those to whom I because in that case you will not have made the
COMPLETION OF THE FRANKLIN MSS. long been an appendage of every toilet of funk and fishion, have not the good fortune to be known, I shall only say, that a sacrifices which you owe to INDEPENDENCE and to
This day were published, price Us. boards, that it is unnecessary to offer any further recommendation of it. veneration for the liberties of England was impressed upon me LIBERTY. (Signed) F. P. SANTANDER. •
' VRANKLIN'S MEMOIRS, the Fifth aad Sixth Being composed of Vegetables, and without the admixture "'any 'from my earliest days, and is indelible. As to the local interests " Santaffe de &tutu. SePtember 21, 1819."
1' Volumes, in Octavo, comprising his POSTHUMOUS mineral or pernicious ingredient whatever, it is free frem the
WRITINGS, published from the Originals, by his Grandson. sasual objections against the use of other Denof the County, I will venturetothe most zealous and EXTRACT OP A
Dentifrices. its debt-
WILLIAM TEMPLE FRANKLIN, Esq. Dire power is just sufficient to annihilate those destructive anxious Sneetion OS them VENEZUELAN GOVERNMENT.
The Memoirs of Dr. Franklin are now complete in three 'articles which adhere to the Giants and in the interstices of the I hope to be *able, in a few days, to de myself the honour of . " ngostura, itith Nov. 1819.
volumes, 4to. or in six volumes Bvo. price £3 12s. Each Part Teed; healing injuries in the former, and promoting a new •
wa upon you personally . . "MY DEM AND VENERABLE Farzran,-1 wait
is sold separately ; and the Public are advised to complete their enamel (Where it has been injured or corroded) on the latter. It
I have the honour to remain, most respectfully, with impatience the arrival of the packet for Octo-
- without delay. likewise imparts a firmness and healthy redness to the germs;
leaden: Printed for Henry Colin= and Co, Conduit-street, and if used regularly, will preserve the Teeth is a woad State . Gendeithint rut most obedient and very humble Servant, boa, in which I trust will be confirmed intelligence
ROBERT FERGUSON.
- even to old age.of the occupation of Lima, of the liberation of Peru,
Just published, •
Sold in Boxes at: as. lid. by BUTLERs', Chemists, No. .
T. um FREEHOLDERS pr am COUNTY or FIFE and of the march of General San Martin upon Quito.
In Fear Volumes, 245. ditto is French, Three Volumes, les. 4, atea_side, -
London • and by the prineipal Perfumers and North Charlette•etreet, Edinburgh, Feb. 10, 1520. These events are highly probable, and may even be
JULIEN DELMOUR; or, THE NEW /ERA; a Beeksjera throughout 'tha
United Kingdom.
• Cr Novel, actually founded on the Events that have occurred in N. B. The name end eikirea g 66 Butler, 4, ~,,,„,,,,„.. -we GM121431131, • considered as certain ; but as upon theta depends
the
France during the last thirty years, and containing many curious owdmed it tie, enn anti tom onorked to
each bas
_4. ,_
'WHEN I ventured to address you as a Candidate fate of all America, I cannot feel tranquil until I
and original Anecdotes connected with the French Revolution. i.iee, to artiniat it frenanattanana
wider siZZl.ater„ . .
receive their official confirmation. Perhaps before
By Madame DE GENLIS. for the demur of representing you in Parliament, I did .
thAt time.we shall be informed through N
Printed for Henry Colbura and Co. Conduit...tree. Of 914 HEALTH. ' se in the fear that you might otherwise be deprived of an op. aew Gra-
whom may be had, by the same Author, TINDER the denomination of Nervous Disorders; pommity of aseirdng the Independence of the County, "and of nada,of the effort of General Santander to place
1. Petrarch and Laura. Two vols. les. 6d. 4...) in its full extent, are included several diseases of the most -------••- assoweltbe ?oar attachment to Live true principles of himself in connexion with Lord Cochrane, who will
• E. Jane of France. Two vols. 12s. dangerous kind. The most common symptoms are weakness, -t=sy
dos;
andoc
that
I _
withdraw unquestionably desire this whenever he is informed
assured you, at would 3. Zama, and other Tales. . Two vols. 6s. flatulence, palpitation watchfulness, drowsiness after eating,.,,___
visits that we are masters of the ports of Choco. That of
4. Henri le Grand. Three vols. 12s. timidity, flushes of In:at and cold, Cumbness, rigors of different from the contest as so" as say Candid's", actuated °Y San Buena-Ventura n resents to him a nasal station of
parts, giddiness, pain (especially of the head, back, and lone), similar to these which bad induced me to come forward, should' the
utmost . = This day was published,
hiccup, difficulty of respiration and deglutition, anidet7, drY offer himself to your choice. -' advantage for his operations, by means
The Third Edition, in Two Voh, svo. embellished with
cough, &c. &c. For these complaints, the Cordial Balm of which we may treat with the Government of •
bled to fulfil that Mr. F of
promise,
as Fier- • .
several coloured Plates, rice Us. boards,l am now happily ena
Gilead is an eilkacioui remedy, as may be seen by the pamphlet Chili much more directly and operate in connection; :••
T ETTERS from the COURT of TRIPOLY, delivered gratis by the Venders. gam, Of Rai* a Gentleman every way entitled to the honour and that still m ad '
oreadvantageously if Peru be al-
Published 4 written during a Ten Years' Residence in that Country. Sold by '4r. S. Leigh, No. 18, Strand ; Bates and Co. 150, of reprinentioutru, yielding to the solicitations et his numerous
ready free. . • •
Published from the Originals, in the possession of • the Family Geeord_etreet,onponte New Bontuatreet; Ward, Holum;
fiiends,
has
forward
as a
Candidate.
of the late RICHARD TULLY, Esq. the British Consul. and Seedling, 'loyal Exchange. Price Ile. per betels and I • " Then will be verified what I said to the Presi.• ;. Like Lady Wortley Montagu's, these pages have the merit four in one for 335. whereby lls. are saved. lembrace the feel it uupardestable, were not to pre- dent when he entered New Granada:-, There are
of bringing every thing immediately before the eye ; but they far sent opportunity of expressing the satisfaction I shall ever have .
i .
evolutions in politics
as in war; and I am of opinion,•
exceed her's in the importance of their statements, and at the A NEW YEAR'S GIFT. 1
' lair emembering the proofs of indepostkat and unsolicited sup- . t.
stsgelcat
same time, never awaken in the mind of the reader a suspicion ripHE opening of a New Year naurally excite stn- that Ave ought to ch ,by turning our atten-
that the author has been more anxious to say a good thing than 1 ammo of progoved gradtwie from mum Roviump pen ithiala have been sheet Me by teeny mat ruWodade Wit to the. south se,. *mare •
- bang expelled
-e true one."-Eclectic Review.whom I bed nos omit•the honour of from ,
and SON, ale Proprietors or the GENUINE lIIACA.SSAStaraf le ale. 111! of• those coasts; our triumph is infallible. Want-
Printed for Henry Colburn and Co. Conduit-street. OIL, for 'the unparalleled patronage with which a liberal end seems• ing formidable squadrons to maintain themselves in
discerning Public has honoured that admired snick. Its ;irons I have the honour to be, most respectfully,
NAPOLEON'S MEMOIRS OF HIMSELF.
Goademen, year most faithfuirkumble Servs*, that sea, and without a
trim of support, all our d-
in promoting the growth of Hair, beautifying and preen-vim( it
The FRENCH Edition, Ilk. boards.
from Infancy to Old Age, are now known throughout the habit- JAMES STUART. forts may be turned to e 4 shores of the Atlantic;
The ENGLISH BilitiOS, lOC 1111.1eards.
able globe. To Parents and Gdardians a more acceptable pre- - •
THIS NINTH BOOK of the great WORK of sent to those under their care cannot be granted, than a misty YENEZUSLA AND NEW GRANADA. lily : all their population will be patrioti • they .11
c , will
NAPOLEON is published the first, on account of its of ROWLAND's MACASSAR OIL. It eradicates the scurf, suppl to us e assistance
temporary interest, as relating to the Return from 'Elba, the oitc. extremely easy, and renders the hair firm-increases its Amon the last Correspondence from the Capital of y • rvY , and they will act in
Battle of Waterloo, aid the subsequent events. growth-renders it soft, curly, and glosay ;in short, produces a New Grahada, the Vice President of the Congress re- ison with us
un DI every operation. We might have
The Emu= and SETINTH Books are in course of translation, beautiful head of Hair. Price 35.1141.-lox, ed. and one guinea . . momentary reverses; but the Andes would serve as a ••
and will appear in French and English, in corresponding size, per bottle, with a Treatise enclosed. ceived from General Santander a Dispatch, of wimp
barrier, in which we should defend ourselies against
type, &c. with the NINTH Boon. Also, ROWLAND's ESSENCE of TYRE, changes Red or the contents are at follows :
To the Ninth Book has bees added numerous Proof!! die- Grey Heir to Brown or Black, imitating .the _enact natural
• " Head-quarters, fientaffie, 18th of September, 1819. -the Tartan of Europe, 'better than. the Chinese by tated at Longwood to Mr. O'Meara, proving " the Manuscript colour.-Also, ROWLAND's ALSANA EXTRACT, cures ts S S I have the ho honour to inf our their
no . y wall, against those of Asia.'-I always insisted
from St. Helena" to be a forgery, and highly serious, as ;or. the TOOTH-ACHE, cleanses, preserves, and beautifies the "ENS SIR- on those views, and ciecuanstances now favour their
resting falsehoods relative to the chief events of the Life of this Teeth and Gums,and keeps them free front pain. Serene Highness, that by the election of the Chief of . .
execution. ..
' distinguished Personage. Sold by the e Proprietors, A; Romeo, and Soo, corner of the Nation, lam charged with the Vice Presidency .
The MS. of the Ninth Book, with Vbribrations, may be seen Kirby-street, the first turning oa the right, those Oardse,./let-. of the free Provinces of Granada. This destiny The Preside*, h • had his '
eying shill, his valour, •
at the Office of the Publishers, Bates-tortes, Bitmoz-rramer. born ; and by all Perfumers aid Medicine Venders.to e te the . imposes on me the strict obligationseen and his perseversece, rewarded by the liberation of
FOR SCHOOLS. Ask for Rowland's • and observe the signature in red ink- laws and decrees which Serene H' h di c- - the immense and rich kingdom of New Granada,tas
" A. Rowland and Son."returned toward Venesuda to crush the last remains
Just published, price 4s. bound,
fates for the welfare of the People whom I represttnt.
vXERC I S E S inLATIN PROSODY TO COUNTERACT the many attempts that are - ' Mis the whole'tributewhich I
6 y obedience e
of the Royalists, in a battle which, as a last struggle, • ti
.1'.4 and VERSIFICATION, with Exercises and Questions, daily made to impose ea the =wary a SPURIOUS sincerely offer the of Venezuela ; and
to Congress will perhaps be as terrible as triumphant. General
designed as an Introduction to the scanning and making Lens COMPOSITION, insteed of the GENUINE BLACKING
vcoss.s. The Third Edition. prepared by DAY and MAR-TIN, they ham adopted a new your g
Serene Hi Highness may be assured, that the Pao-
By the Rev. C. BRADLEY. Label in which their address,. le of New Granada, liberated by the exertions of nth, and seeing. the good state of the Province of
" The perusal of this book has afforded us much satisfaction; 97, ' HIGH HOLBORN, . PPopayan has been called to command that of the • their fellow-Countrymen of Venezuela, will execute '
' and we can confidently say, that, of its kind, it is of a very fn- ... North, and has already arrived with considerable re-
fs so conspicuously placed in the centre, that they trust an anon. with pleasure the mandates of the august body of inf re-
pleased description. With the arrangement we are particularly
orcemeats. - • ,
Lion to this, and the difference of she type, which is unlike all lento
and
; the rules are developed with all possible perspicuity, the Republic. '
press, will enable purchanrsot once to Anon the " The van-guard of this army, commanded by. •
and the examples are highly appropriate. We recommend these The Bad
.ya • BLAcKING.
made
and
sad c=
by aln my own name, and in that of the Granadan General
~_ ,
was in chase of La Tone, when
• Exercises to the patronage of all persons engaged in clinical DAY and MARTIN, 97 ; Provinces, , High and retailed by the I offer to the Congress-of Venezuela the uu '
education.'-Grit. Rev. Aug. 1815. it received orders to march by the mountain of San •
prineipal Grocers, Druggists • Ironmongers, Per- most sincere expression of adauration, gratitude, con- - A KILT may be had, pr. 2s. 6d.
c il unite with General P.-• 1 :
am osoo itself ......z, leaving
lumen, lloot.otakers, Ste. -11: the Mind
Printed by A. J. Valpy, and sold by Longman and CO.; la we", sideration, and res•pect.
at 6d. ls. and ls. 6d.• mob. " F.. P. SANTANDER." behind a corps of observation. La Tone fell back
. Whittakers ; and all other Booksellers. . • (SiPea)
Of whom may also be had, by the same Author : •
THE LIFE OF A SAILOR PRESERVED. • REPLY or ME CONGRESS. - upon Merida, but not being followed, and having re-
• served some reinforcement, he turned upon Cucuta,
column N is VITA; with English Notes, and QUeriollll
" EXCELLENT Sia-The Sovereign Congress, in
for Examination, pr. 53.6 d. bound. Second Edition. rilWO flailors,half groggy, one evening cracking . • •da tb • • distant two days march from Pamplona. This being k
its Session of this y, has seen e communication
Euraorn Hwroina, with English Notes and Questions, Bs. id.
,A. Their jokes, as along they were walking,• thaeursition of the two armies, it is certain that the 1.
• bound. Second Edition.
__ , Of the beaus, of Wanes:es Apes- liquid illootiote, eft your Excellency of the 16th September last, In- ,
has been already fought! If La Torre has
OTIDII hISTANWITHOW SHLUCTAL With English Notes IWO And its deep glossy jet, began talking. forming it of your being charged with the Vice " • .
Questions. Second Ed. 43.6 d. not received t reinforcements, I consider him as
Says '°h+ "As we sailed the last voyage but we, Presidency of the free Provinces.of New Granada, by Tea
"... It has been. the design of the Editor to expunge from .s,._ . . _,.._ utterly lost • tat there can be no doubt that Moral°
due ILO enemy s 1 atowasseg, the election of his Excellency the President of the '
the above Editions every objectionable expression, and to add
M tom! to old Davy I'd gone, himself must have marched hastily on
'State as Chief of the Nation; and I have now to corn- that Paint--
to a correctly printed text. Questions for the examination of . Mr.bees for mime* jet •
it not so, at least, he ought to have done • for it being im-
, the pupil, and short notes in English, explanatory of the 43e6-municate to your Excellency, that the Congress was ,
graphy, Mythology, History, and Customs, of the Ancients. " As yard arm to.yard arm our vessels were buh'd, •
penetrated with the sentiments therein expressed; La T
possible for him to conceal himself, if the division of
In a few days will be published, No. IX. of The guns roar'd in dreadful commotion,one is- destroyed, he would be exposed to the -TM s' Gann Thasuaus, in which the means adopted Our Captain's heart's blood from its current was dasb'd, „ and that it neither did hope, nor can desire any other
dangers. and shutting himself up in Puerto
• to accelerate the future progress of the Work will be introduced. And suited the, blue waves of the ocean.' from the Government and the Granadans, than those
cello, would have to abandon the whole of the
CATON ON VENEREAL DISEASE AND ITS CON. 0 Cold and pale was his cone.; but hisbrilliant beets humid have ever animated, and do
which are the same that
country. If he himself is beaten at Cucuta, ofwhich
SEQUENCES, &c. All lovelily ;ne lustre was lacking, now animate them, for the general liberty and hap-
This day published, a New Edisicio, price ss. illustrated To my fancy the work of enchantment they seemed,
piness, with tbe greatest ardour and diligence, in the
pi .
I have no doubt, the triumph of Venezuela is corm
with Cases, They were polish'd with Warren's &Bleat*.
fulfilment and execution of the sovereign laws and ete, and its entire freedom is no longer even re-
l. A PRACTICAL TREATISE on the PREVEN- "As I silently geed, in their bright glossy glare,
decrees for the prosperity of the State. I have ac- carded. The Spaniards are, no doubt, hthouring ac- •
TION and CURE of the VENEREAL DISEASE Methought I a foe amid discover;
tively in the re-equipment of the expeditionfrorn
and its CONSEQUENCES ;in which a mild and successful Pitied above, I could me him his whine prepare- cordiagly the honour of expressing this to your Ex- . .
Cadiz. The time, however, is past, when it could A
and all bad been over! cellency for your information.
, mode of treatment it pointed out, including Observations on • One moment,
Strictures, Cutaneous Eruption, Imaginary Diseases, &c. In- " I grasp'd my charg'd piece-laid my enemy low, 4 Palace et die Sovereign Caogress in Angostura, 2d of No'. have caused us any anxiety."
, tended as a Guide agelnet the dangerous effects of this baesful His fall too was shewn by the Blackleg: ember, 1819. • (Mined) IRTRACT 01 • LETT= PROM TRINIDAD DA
Malady.-By T. M. CATON, Sullgeon 20, Staehope-street, Had the boots been less bright, I had not seen my foes 4 , T=
DIEGO DE Y(ALLENILLA, Dep. Sec." OCTOSER 21. • . Newcastle-street, Strand; and late of the United Hospitals of But /se'd soon put a stop to my clacking."
Funeseco in Poor & SAIITAHDHILD of the Order of the liberates al More. than 2500 men of the 'Legion sent out
St. Thomas's and Guy's. Then he twisted his quid, and exclairel, a Messmate Jack, of Venezuela and New GranadOweentedowith the Cross of
2. A Treatise an Indigestion, being an Inquiry into the Dis- Since he dun su'd the life of a brother, Boyne, General of Division of the Armies of the. Repablic, from Ireland, had arrived' at Margarita, when the
- easy; arising and connected with the Furled-Dos of the &mask, We'll tip off a bumper to Warrnes Jet BloCk, • and Vice President of the Free Provinces of New Granada,&c. brigantine 'lngle: sailed. That vessel anived here ,•. . . with Remarks on the Liver, and its influence on the Gastric Sys And to ramie, „odd health drink another r .
. " PROCLAMATION. • . eight days ago, bringing a Colonel Meade, six other
tom. To which are prefixed, some general Observations on-
This . • _ h .
" Granadans I Libqty, which, four months ago, I Officers of infeticir rank, ,and soldiers to the amount ).
easy Shining and brilliant &ammo, p y
• Scrophulous and Cutaneous Diseases, price- 3s.
... 4. Practical Observations on tie Debilities, natant and we- offered to you from Casattares, is now restored to of twenty-one persons. It would appear that the "
' (rimed, of the Generative Organ, including the Theory of Gss7 . • you. The tyrants have disappeared; the blood of Government and Admiral'Brion found it necessary ra
•
ner.a,on, stc. price 3s. 6d. our countrymen has been in patravenged and you send them away, on account of their discontent, ito
5. A Practical Tre.stise on Female Diseues, including Ober- kd ,:evez&n.. are id possession °flour most sacred•rights. la the such illrhumour was the Colonel, that they teared i
vatioos on Parturiticia, Lactation, and the" Disorders Incident to '
those important changes, price 3s. Gal. 30, STRAND, London; ' space of forty days, A.G.-army of heroes, and a. Chief some unfortunate result might ensue, and you know ,
6. Popular Remarks, Medical and Literary, on Ilypechen- And sold in ever/ Townof Venezuela has in the Kingdom, Liquid, In Batt** accustomed to conqiier, to triumph otter difficulties, that the Government great regard • : dri.tc, Hysteric, and Nervous Diseases, with Observations ea acrd. lad. ltd. and led. each. and to burst the chains of enslaved nations, have for the life of its English friends.' ..Siee of these re-' ••• •
Suicide, Mind, /t.c. &c. 3s. 6d. Also Paste Blacking, in Pets 611. 11d. and ISA. each. • •
acuieved all this for. your welfare. • turned men comPlain.loudly. that they hive been de- ''' '
K..
. Primed for Sherwood and Co. Paternoster-row ; and W. A liiiiWng Pot of Paste is equal to Four Shilling Bottlesof Livid " _ . _
' Necley, 78, Lombard-street; and all other Booksellers. str Ask for WA RREN's ilb eking. 44 tirranadaßs I • Record fir ever; that your regenesa- ceived ; and all throw the blame on D'Eperetka.7 • f
•.-• • • .
•tr .
• .
. •
. • . - ..

i

~R~
