SCINTILLZ.

THE RuYAL WONDERS.
Two miracles at once ! Compell'd by fate,
His tarnlsh'd throne the Bourbon doth vacate ;
While English William—a diviner thing—
Of his free pleasure bath put off the king.
The forms of distant old respect lets pass,
And melts his crown into the common mass.
Health to fair France, and fine regeneration,
But England's is the nobler abdication.
CHARLES LAMB.

Hie late Majesty's " cellar of snuff" was sold la,.
week to a well-known purveyor for 4001. The stock is said to hay,
exceeded 16cwt. The wardrobe, will, it is calculated, realise 15001.
The bronze cast of old Father Thames and his attri-
butes, within the quadrangle of Somerset-house, was erected in
April, 1789, the month in which his late Majesty George re-
turned thanks at St. Paul's for recovery from illness The statue
above it of that sovereign in the Roman habit, was elevated a month

afterwards.
CHESS.—Boi, of Syracuse, was an excellent clic,:
player, and on that account patronised by Philip 11. Pope Urba':
VIII. so admired his skill, that he offered him a bishoprick. Ile
was taken byCorsairs, and reduced to slavery ; but he fascinated the
Turks with his ability at chess,:and ransomed himself by giving;
them lessons in the " noble game."
A ROYAL MISNOMER.---King James, in a speed,
to Parliament, said, the Devil spared neither labour nor pains, and
called him a "busy Bishop." The bishop of London told one of
the courtiers, "be thought his Majesty might have chosen another
name."
LORD PROVOST.—The chief magistrates of Edin-
burgh. Glasgow, and Perth, are designated by the title of " the
right honourable." The two latter have it, we believe, only In
courtesy. As this point has been occasionally misunderstood, is
may be mentioned that Fountainhall, in his Diary, alludes to the
circumstance, in these words :—" Sir Alexander Ramsay got
letter from the King (Charles 11.) in 1667, that he, as Provost of
Edinburgh, should have the same precedence that the Mayor of
London had, and that no other Provost should be called Lord Pro-
vost but he."
SILK MANUFACTURE.—In 1734, Sir Thos. Lambe
erected in an island of the Dement, near Derby, a curious mill for
the manufacture of silk. He brought the model, the only one of
the kind in the kingdom, from Italy, at the hazard of his life. This
machine was deemed so important, that at the expiration of Sir
Thomas's patent, Parliament voted him 14,0001. for the risk he had
incurred, and the expense attending its completion.
CHARACTERISTIC TRAlTS.—livery nation has it.:
traits; the Spaniard sleeps on every affair of importance; the In-
liansfiddle upon every thine; the Germans smoke upon everything ;
the French promise every thing and do nothing; the Britisl:
islanders eat upon every thing ; and the windy subjects of Ameri-
can colocracy talk upon every thing !
THE THREE EMISLESIS OP UNCERTAINTY. ill
some dull and ill-written letters by one Wickford, a singular passage
occurs. Speaking of English politics, and the approach of the
Princess from England to Holland to espouse William the Stadt-
holder, he observes "but this depends on three things most uncet.
tain.2.viz. the wind, a woman's mind, and a British Parliament !"
THE STREETS OF PARIS.- Paris has been from the
earliest ages the battle-field of contending factions. It is peculiarly
susceptible of internal defence—the streets are narrow—the house;
are high and built of stone—it is almost impossible to set them on
fire—few of the windows are turned towards the street, and serve
well as embrasures for musketry. There arc, besides, a thousand
alleys intersecting every thoroughfare, so that the means of opposi.
tion are infinite, and the ultimate success in the assault precarious.
for each house is a military position. It must be added, too, that
there is no population in the world so readily excited to antis as the
inhabitants of Paris. Them was formerly a huge chain at the end
of each street, to be stretched across as a barricade against cavalry.
The remains of such chains may be yet seen in the Rue Trous k.
Vaches, and others of the old streets of Paris. The late struggle
was carried on within a small compass. It lay in the immediate
neighbourhood of the Tuileries. The Rue St. Honore, one of the
greatest commercial thoroughfares in the city, the quays, and the
small streets in the neighbourhood of the Hotel de Ville, and the
Louvre, witnessed the most sanguinary contests. The same spots
were deluged with blood in the progress of the first revolution. Many
gallant men fell in the attack upon the Louvre ; they were buried
in a common grave, dug in the green plat before the Church of St.
Germain l'Auxerrois. The Louvre will be their monument.
CURIOUS WI LL.—The French Journals announce the
death, at Chambery, on the 21st ult. of a very eccentric but benevo-
lent officer, General Boigne. From the following account of his
will, he appears to have been enormously rich. To his servants he
left from 1,500 to 10,000 francs each ; to his brother and nephew
30,000 ; to each grandchild 200,000 francs; to physicians, and
others of his acquaintance, legacies to the amount of 100,000 francs;
to his widow 60,000 francs per annum ; to his son, estates, &c.
valued at from 15 to 18 millions of francs • to the town of Cham-
bery, for public improvements, an estate Which is expected to fetch
from 4 500,000 francs ; to every poor person in the hospitals, asy-
lums, poor houses, &c. 5 francs per annum. During his life, Gen.
Boigne made the following donations at Chambery :—For the con-
struction of a theatre, 400,000 francs; to the lunatic asylum
500,000 ; mendicity depot, 300,000 ; hospital for aged persons,
1,200,000 ; to the college, 300,000 ; for the enlargement of the
public library, bO,OOO ; facade of the Hotel de Ville, 60,000 ; the
construction of a street, 500,000 ; founding thirty beds in the hos.
pital, 200,000; for the purchase of linen, &c. for the prisoners in
the gaol, 24,000 ; to the Chevaliers Tireurs, 20,000 ; to an estab-
lishment ;for teaching trades to young girls, 100,000—total.
3,618,00* francs.
BoLt v aa.—He is a native of Caraccas, where he had
extensive property in the hands of the Spaniards. His height is
about five feet eight, and he is well proportioned. Though a full
white, his face was bronzed or weather-beaten, but very intelligent.
full and round, with a natural smile, that rendered it pleasing with.
out hurting that air of superiority which lurked in a dark and inte!.
ligent eye, the angry glance of which was benumbing. This eye
enlivened a studious cast of countenance, whether natural or ac-
quired 1 cannot say. He appeared the accomplished gentleman in
all his actions. He waltzed beautifully. He was of sober and ab-
stemious habits, and spoke well to the point; his proclamations
were numerous, and well adapted to their purpose. He spoke
little in company, and had a great dislike to tipplers, babblen„
idlers, gamesters, and duellists. He allowed the English to fight
duels, but any American who fought was shot for the offence. He
took a great deal of exercise, often walking and riding. He was very
fond of the English, often talked about England, and placed much
confidence in the British, holding out liberal encouragement to all
adventurers ; but giving at the same time a general order, that
foreigner was to be kept against his will, and that every one was t,
have his passport to return to his country when he chose.—Life of
Alexander Alexander.
PAEZ.—Pacz is a stout, active-looking little man, u it';
a pleasing and very expressive countenance; he is a good musician.
and dancer, fearless and brave to excess, but rash to a fault, rushing
into battle pell-mell, with no idea but that of overturning all opposed
to him by mere animal force. Yet his feelings were very acute, and
he grieved much after a great slaughter, even of his enemies, and be-
came subject to severe epileptic fin. He had fought many success-
ful battles, but he could not calculate the effect of evolutions like
Bolivar. He was no politician, only a plain, fighting man, whore
talent lay in rushing on to battle. He was quite void of learning,
being able neither to read nor write. With much care he could just
manage to scrawl P-a-e-z on the official papers that were presented
to him; but his heart and soul were in the cause he had espoused.
—lbid.

BIRTH.
On the 9th init. in Eaton-square, Lady ilowatd de Walden, of a
son and heir. _

EAST INDIEh.—MARRIED.
At the Cathedral, Calcutta, Feb. 18, W. Foley, Esq. of his ,la.
jetty's 16th Regiment, to Charlotte Savage, only child of Major A.
O. Campbell, of the same regiment.—At Fort William, on the 23d,
Serjeant S. Hornby, Head Constable of Allipore, to Jane, eldest
daughter of Serjeant Drew, of the Town Guard.—At the Ca-
thedral, Calcutta, Feb. 24, Lieut. W. Whitaker, of his Majesty's
16th Regt. to Miss O. A. M. Wheatley.—At the Cathedral, Cal-
cutta, Feb. 25, Lieut. John Robertson, 70th Regt. Native Infantry,
to Miss Fanny B. Rogers.--At the Chinsun Roman Catholic
Church, Feb. 22, Mr. John G. De Rosario, to Mist Mary Ana
Mendes.—At Trichinopoly, Feb. 0, Lieut. Charles E. Ether, of
the Engineers, to Georgians, eldest daughter of J. Bird, Esq.
Madras Civil Sul/in.—At Calcutta, March 2, at the Catheral, En-
sign Wm. H. E. Colebrooke, 14th Regiment, N. I. eldest son of the
late Col. Holmes Colebrooke, C.B. Madras Army, to Miss Louisa,
second daughter of the late Capt. Moulton, of the 11th Regt. N.l.
Calcutta, March 3, Lieut. James Remington. H. C. 12th Regiment
Native Infantry, to Louisa Jessie, daughter of Col. Archibald Wat.
son, of the Light Infantry—At Madura, Feb. s, Mr. T. Brunton,
4th Native Veteran Battalion, and commanding Madura, to
Elisabeth, youngest daughter of the late Sub-Conductor John
Brown, of the Ordnance Deparment.—At Poonamallee, Feb. 8.
Assist-Apothecary H. E. Hall, to Alias Charlotte Kelly.—At Ma-
dras, Feb. 6, at St. Mary's Church, Assistant-Apothecary James
Shell, to Miss Charlotte A. Hogg, daughter of Mr. J. R. Bono-.
At Madras, Feb. 11, at St. Mary's Church, G. Prendergast, Esq.
of the Madras Civil Service, to Catherine Jane, daughter of James
lAnnesley, Esq. of the Madras Medical Establishment.

Lennon I Printed and Published by Joint Wyse. at lb* $?&1
01110$ No. I, Pieliett-piseesTelwth au•
