MARTIAL LAW IN DUBLIN.

•••••••--
CAsTLI Dimon Poues.—••• Tuesday, as the great bell of the Post
Office clock had just concluded chiming four quarters, and as
" one" was tolled out, a little man, whose atter contempt for
dandyism, or even cleanliness, was strongly marked on his clothes
and on his face, which was " begrimed and black—strode into the
board room, and with a half military, and half abashed air, accost-
ing the sitting Magistrates, said, Gentlemen, I beg your pardon,
and I beg the Police's pardon. I have a complaint to make against
Mr. Thomas Burke, an extinguisher of fire—he keeps a sweeping
establishment on Redmond'a.hill. My name, your Ilomm.-s, is
Andy Beggan; I am a cleaner of chimneys, my Lord. Mr. Burke
is a Gentleman Officer in the Line, as a body may say. lam only
a subaltern sweeper."
Mr. Burke, whose appearance was as unlike that of a sweep as
any tradesman in Dublin, even when full dressed for a Sunday,
came to meet the charge; be stood meekly forward, and appealed
to the recollection of the Magistrates—he had never, be said, swept
a chimney in his life; and he glanced first at Andy's dingy apparel,
' and next at his own sleek and gentlemanlike costume. Ile worked
in the best places, and like other great men, worked by deputy. He
attended thus to the fire-side and culinary comforts of the great
officers of Government—yea, even of the highest man in the land,
and was long known and celebrated for " sweeping in general, and
general chimney cleansing."
Andy heeded net his claims to general gentility, ard proceeded
to inform the Magistrates thus—On last Friday night, Mr. Burke
came to my house, your Worship: —" Give me back my premier,"
says he," No, says I."—" Get up says he."—" No, says I, I won't." -
Andy here pulled up his unmentionables with a jerk.—" YJU
won't," says he.—" No, says I, an' I won't."—" Get up, your soul,
says he."—" Troth, not I, says am under Martial Law-1
fought for my country—l was a soldier, your Worship—carved in
South America, and elsewhere, moreover, and look at that—(h (d-
-ing up his hand, whence three fingers had been carried away)—l
bled for my country—l regulates my time by Martial Law, and I
always pops into my bed at nine o'clock." " Well," as I was a
saying, " You won't give up my prentice ?" says he.
" The devil a bit," says I.
" Upon my honour, you will," says he—and he up with a pistol,
and he says, " by the holy contents of this book, if ye's doesn't
give me de boy, I'll be after yapping these two bullet. into your
ugly sconce, and I'll make two brace of holes under your Atilt cap."
" You will," says I; " be—, (I won't repeat it your honour).
but I surely will," says he ; and now, your' worship, by martial
law sure none but an old spidier has a right to carry aims, and I
takes my pinc.hin s you know, your honour, I'm swore facture you
once a quarter ; and I want satisfaction of Mister Burke, sefea i;
not entitled to carry arms.
Master Burke entered on his defence/with the cadence of an
admirer of and reciter of poetry, pleaded the existence of a com-
bination against him in " the profession," and told a tale very ill
according with Andy's.
The Magistrates, who did not seem well satisfied that the charge
of a breach of the peace had been clearly established, recommended
unanimity and concord for the future between the soot-besmeared
Andy Beggan and his superior officer.—The parties then retired
is usual in such cases, one claiming and the other denying a victory.

Fifteen years ago, land at Leamington Spa might
have been purchased at 4001. per acre; ten years since it
rose to 1,0001. and last week 4,8401. per acre were given !
POPULATION OF IRILLAND.—Summary from returns of

1821, not yet printed :—ln Leinster, there are 1,785,763
inhabitants. In Munster, 2,005,363—U15ter, 2,001,095,
and Connaught, 1,053,918, making in Ireland a total
of 0,846 949.
A packet, containing seeds, collected by one of the
Society of Friends during a long residence in America,
has been transmitted to the Botanic Garden in Hui y,
some of which are of the pulse kind, and likely to prove
beneficial to society. On one of the labels is the fol-
lowing:—" The seed from which the enclosed were
raised, were found in the stomach of a wild goose,
that was shot 330 miles from land about two years since."
The Midshipman to whom the following bill wa,
charged, is now a Post-Captain and a Peer. The man-
ner in which the cost was incurred, is very characteristic
of a sailor's jockeyship :
Midshipman of H.M.S. —, Dr.
Tu P. A. Tuduri.

To a horse, I day . .
IXtto, 2 days tat . .
40400 Aura, SIN days, to loafer at load me
The man, and food for the same .
Boat hire, twice • .

pis.doh
9 0
2 0
9 0
2 0
0 6

Cobs (dollars) .
Mahon, 12tb May, 1824.

.

• I

WEST TNIWxt SLAVNRY. •

J.l TER IV.
TO TIIE EDITOR OF TILE STAR.

Sr n—l.. m y tlrir d Letter, I teter red to a charge brought
by ANG1.173 against the glarterlr Reviewer, that heliasi
.pervertedwilfully the sense of Mr. Stephen as a writer,
by mutilating a passage cited from his work,
inculcate
as to-
make him seem to contradict himself, and to
the opinions which it was his main endeavour to refute.
This charge, which is of a clear substantive nature,_and
which must be eidier true or false, I proved
.to be false
and unfdtintled, in a manner which I think will defy
contradktiOn. I chewed that the sense of Mt. Stephen
had not been perverted, s' ilfully or accidentally, and
tuat that passage did not inculcate opinions different
I: om those which Mr. Stephen had inculcated through-
'mit the whole range of his work : and I cited many
passages from Oat work, which could have been
selected with //the:// more advantage, to suit the argument
of the Reviewer, which tended to prove, by a reference
to the state of St. D:rtningo, that a Slave suddenly
emancipated, witlioUt the probation of • industry or the
improvement of moral and velig' s cultivation, Wai
not likely to become an iadustriOus free labourer, ready
'and willing to wor k for hire. I say suddenly ; for with
respect to the future, the following passage from the
Quarterly Review. page 570, will shew the opinion of
the writer :-L'e We have lineally stave J, that no Frece-
" dent exists of free .-Negroes having performed the
84 duties necessarily requited in the cultivation and ma-
" nufacture of sugar„ia such a manner as to afford a
41 linigt to their. employers.' 'We are not, however, in
any degree disposed to infer from this fact, the int-
" possibility of free labour being ever substituted for
" Slave-labour with adiantage to the Proprietors ; we
ag only mean to strew that such a contingency has not
ag yet talon place in the production of sugar in the West'
" Indies, and that it can only take place under a corr-
" bination of circumstances which has never yet oc-
" cursed." And again, page 576, 44 If such an alter-
" native cau,lie found," (that is, In alternative between
the two extremes of the present Slave-system and an
unprofitable system of free labour), " it is in the gra-
" dual operation cf those changes and regulations which
" the Government, under the sanction of Parliament,
" have directed. But we are decidedly of opinion that
" this intermediate Alternative can never be accom-'
" plished, unless the Abolitionists as a body, are con-
" tented to leave the subject in the hands of the Govern-
" meat, and to leave to time and circumstances to effect
44 that change which the ingenuity of man would be
" Utterly incompetent to bring about by any efforts of
64 legislation"—that is, of immediate legislation.
In the seventh Letter of ANGLIA, however, he has
made Mt attack against the Reviewer, so daring, ands!
the same time so ridiculous, that I shall limit the pre-
sent Letter to an exposition of its compound absurdity.
ANGLUS thus addresses the Editor of the NewTirnes;
--" I now come, in the progress of my review of the
" gnarterly Review, to that part of the article on the
46 West Indian Colonies which respects the Anti-slavery
" Society ; and here we meet with the same ill-disguised'
" hostility, and the same wantonness of assertion, on
" which I have alleady Tema, ked so largely. The Re-
" viewer's first observation is a gross rnisrepi esentation
64 of the fact. The Report-of the. Committee, which':
" was lead at the Anniversary Meeting of the Society,
"on the 25th of June, stated tbat.the imurrection at
" ,Den.eraza was proved to have originated solely in
" r the concealment of the Governor of the instructions,'
" r sent from the Government at home' (p. 583). Now
." I do not here mean to lest on the word solely ; for
" even if that word had been excluded from the sen-
" tense, the statement would still have been the very re
-
H verse of truth."

The charge then is, that a paragraph appeared in the
Revictu, to the effect that the Report of the Committee
bad stated that the insurrection at Demerara was proved
to have originated solely in the concealment by the
Governor, of the instructions sent by the Government
at home ; and that such statement, on the part of the
Reviewer, was both false and malicious.

The passage in the quirkily Review, of which As-
GIUS has only selected a icw words favourable to his
own argument, is as follows (p. 583). " The Report
of this Meeting is given at length in the Morning
a, Chronicle of the 26th of June, trhere it is said that Mr.
" Wiiberfor cc, jun. read the Report of the Committee,
" which stated that the insurrection at Demerara was
" proved to have miginmed solely in the concealment
“1,), the Governor, of the instructions sent from the
" GovernMent at home."

Now, in the first place, 1 would remark, that Artchus
has not the common Gentleman-like candour to state,
th.tt the Review introduced thi.. passage, ON TILE FAITH
OF.THE REPoItT OF TUE MORNING i_7IIiIONICLE, a Papa
notoriously favourable to the cause of the Anti-Slavery
Society, and in whose pages, therefoie, every person
had a right to expect a correct Report of any transac-
tions, of a public nature, that belonged to its proceed-
ings; and that the Review cautiously employed the
vrorcts " it is said," the only meaning of which is, " We
state this on the authority of the Morning Chronide."
Now, the extract from the Morning Chronicle, of the
26:h of June, 1624, to which I particularly call the
attention of evet y person who is intele,ted on West'
India affairs, is as follows. " Mr. Wilberforce, jun.'
'6 read the Report of the Committee, which was very
" voluminous. It entered into details, both as to the
44 present state of the question of Slavery, and the pro-
" press which it made. It defended the conduct and
" motives of the Society ; and stated, that the sole cause
" of the insurrection at Demerara had been clearly
66 proved to have originated in the concealment, by the
16 Governor of the Colony, of the instructions from the
ig Government at home." 1 would then leave it to the
common sense of justice inherent in every man to cha-
racterize the sfitrt which must have influenced AN-
G LOS its making the following observation, with which,
alter long extracts-from the'Report of the Society, he
concludes his seventh Letter. " Let any one, after
.4 having read the *tante extract; from the Report of the
Anti-Slavery -Society, 'ricur to the sentence pro.
nouneed upon it•by the Reviewer, as having stated
" that The insurreitionlii.-Denterara N as proved to have
" originated solely in the cOncealtrient, by the Goverrer,
" of t3le ins! tic tions Cent from the Government at home,
" and lily vittilier I have used too 'strung language in
" describing it as a gloss inisiitrintsentaltiou of the fact,
6' and the ievtiVe dt 'the tfutlfr

Upon this 1 havetitt 'to iemark, that it is a direct
falsehood to say that socli a sentence was pinnounced
trpolv it by the•lte-vieuer. AU ,that the Itevierser
"'As to mate a iact—an ottiffiqitted faet—that ';n the
_ll.l4tjn? Chionide of a 'given day, it aprea!-ed that
1011.Wirbelloace, jun. rota, at a certain Metling, t 11::

Report of the Anti-Slavery Society, which stated that
the insurrection in Demerara was proved to have origini
aced solely in the-concealment, icc.
A NGLUS, miet have Said that the Quarterly Review-
Might not to have betnssatisfied with the rep,,rt of the
Morni►►g Chronicle; and that would have been just, if
the Quarterly. Review had stated the fact without stating
its authority. No correction Of the inaccuracy of the
statement ever appeared in the Morning Chronicle, and
if.it be so heinous in the Reviewer to have given pub-
licity to it at second hand, why was it to be passed over
in silence, when, in the fir►t instance, it appeared in the
columns of a friendly Newspaper ? It is also singular
enough, that the.Repott now published, which uses the
term " proxi►uate cause," instead of " sole cause," should
have been kept back until public attention bad been
called to the passage in the Morning Chronick by the
article in the Quarterly Review.
If the Abolitionists are really desirous to be held in-
terested in the cause of truth, I would call on them to
consider what must be the effect of the system of inde-
cent misrepresentation resorted to by their Champion
A Nucus ?—I remain, Sir,

Your obedient humble servant,
vINDEX.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

Stn—ln the STAR of Saturday, a writer who signs
himself VINDEX, in the course of his animadversions
upon the able answer of ANGLUS to the misrepresen-
• tations of the Quarterly Review, has thought fit to make
a very serious charge againt the Editor of the British
• and Colonial Weekly Register. As that Paper is now dis-
L continued, I beg the favour of being allowed to correct
I VINDEX through the medium of your's.
Your Correspondent charges me with conspiring,
with others, to deceive the public as to the trade of
Hayti, by adopting an erroneous statement of that
• trade, which appeared in the Morning Chronicle, whilst
the original document was in my possession.
This charge is false. I recommend your Correspon-
dent, for his own sake, to be more candid in his remarks..
The writer who with so little scruple imputes to another,
upon such slender grounds, an act like Ibis, is probably
capable of it himself.
My explanation is this : When the statement of the
Haytian trade appeared in the Chronicle, I had not
seen the original document, and I am not "very inti,
mate" with M. Inginac's correspondent. I transferred
it to my paper without examination, having no distrust
of its accuracy. My attention being some time after-
wards more particularly called to this statement, I in-
stantly perceived its errors, and set on foot a diligent
inquiry respecting it. I thereby learned the name of the
person who received it from M. Inginac, and was sub-
sequently favoured by him with a sight of it, and per-
mission to make it public. Accordingly I inserted a
correct copy of it in my Paper.
It should be observed, in justice to the Editor of the
Chronicle, that the original document is in manuscript,
and that the denominations of the figures are repre-
sented by symbols, which a person not familiar with
Haytian commerce would be apt to misunderstand.
VINDEX, in disputing my assertion that the Haytian
gourde of account c6rresponds to the dollar, makes a far
less excusable mistake.

I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH AND COLONIAL

WEEKLY REGISTER.

ANECDOTES OF THE KING OF FRANCE.

Two or three years since as the King, then only.
Monsieur, was walking in the environs of St. Cloud,
accompanied by the Duke de Guiche, he met in a lane,
near the manufactory of Sevre, a woman with a child
in her arms weeping bitterly. What is the matter,
my good woman ?'asked the Prince.—" Alas, Sir, this
little girl was to be baptised to-day; I have promised
the mother to be godmother, and a neighbour was to
be godfather ; but he has just broken his word, and I
am in great distress."—" Is that all ?" said the Prince
in an affable manner, " your grief is easily relieved ; if
you will permit me I will be the godfather."—" Oh,
Sir, you are joking."—" Not at all, I assure you."—
" Will you really be so good? how delighted I am."
The woman, who did not know the Prince, and took
him to be merely some Gentleman of the city, with
warm and repeated expressions of her satisfaction, con-
ducted him to the Church, where the family of the child
were already assembled. She there presented the new
godfather. The Minister took up the pen—" What is
your name?"--" Monsieur."—" Monsieur what ?"
" Only Monsieur."—" What do you mean by only
Monsieur?"—" Write then, if you please, Monsieur,
the King's brother." The pleasure and astonishment
of the little party may be imagined; the Prince had
great difficulty in restraining their transports of grati-
tude and repressing their shouts of five Monsieur!
which would have betrayed his incognito. His Royal
Highness presented 25 Louis to the godmother, and as
the mother of the child was poor, he has since allowed
her a pension, s hich will hereafter descend to the daugh-
ter, and foam her marriage portion.—Paris Paper.
By the accession of Monsieur to the Throne of France,
the company of Gardes du Corps of the Prince has be-
come the sth company of Gardes du Corps to the King.
All the Officers have been retained, though they are
not all of the high Nobility, and there are even some
parvenus among them. The Officers of the first four
companies complained, and deputed the Duke of Gram-
mont to represent to the King that the Officers of the
King's Gardes du Corps had been at all times taken
from the high French Nobility, and that it was not
fitting to introduce or to retain in that privileged corps
new men, whose names were not illustrated by the
splendour of ancestral honours. " Monsieur le Duc,"
answered the King, " I thought your military duties
did not hinder you from reading the Charter. All the
French are equally admissible to civil and military em-
ploy ments.—See Article 2."

According to accounts recently printed by Order of
the House of Commons, there have been imported
into England and Scotland the following quantities of
grain and flour in the years specified :
Corn and Grain. Meal and Flour.
Year ending Oct. 10, 1819 . . 1,005,020 qrs. . . 156,145 cwt.
1820 . . 1,254,488 . . . . 196,854
1821 . . 1,822,419 . . . . 355,322
1822 . . 1,089,270 545,598
1823 . . 1,242,095 . . . , 510,382
And in the halliear ending the sth of April, 18%--
665.7b7 quaff tern ond 1521868 cwt.
There have been -exported from England and Scot-
land into Ireland:— Cern aid Grain. Meal and Flour.
Mr ending Oct. 10,1819 . 141,554Ars 3,333 cwt.
.1833 . . 4,976 .
1821 . . 8450
1822 . . 36,3419 82,945
1823 . . 17;553
And in the half year ending the sth April, 18%-
31,398 (primers And -642 mu.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

--. 1111111..-

.
, .
MR Perez, an old Spaniard„was charged with deserting 1114
wife. lie was a decorator, of rooms* some talent, and in 820
he' nd his wife, tin Etiglishwontan. separated, he unclertiking to
allow 101. a year for her support to the parish of St. Olave, Silver-
street. Ile had discontinued his payments since October, 1823, and
there was an arrears ale/. due. The prisoner pleaded want of work.
Mr. Hancock, the Churchwarden, replied, he could earn three
or four guineas a week, and was at very littleezpense, inasmuch 24
he *as living with another,woman, and that her friends, supposing
her to be married, contributed to their support, and paid their rent.
"Ah !" said Perez, " you lookey me in de face. Vat you say
about dat young woman. Did you no try to seduce her?"
Mr. Hancock, who is a very corpulent Gentleman, on the wrong
side of fifty, laughed heartily at this accusation. He said he had
called about the arrears, and being told Perez would return in a few
Iminutes, conversed with the female, and learnt what he had stated.
Perez shook his head, but entered into no particulars, saying he
would pay when he was able.
• Mr. Hancock—When you are able ! You are able to do any
thing, after the charge you have brought against me.
Perez replied—Ask your consience.
The Churchwarden, however, returned to the charge of arrears,
and as he insisted on 3/. a month and security, and Perez 'untested
be could only pay 21. be was remanded. •
110 W.STHE

William Parte, a middle-aged man of decent appearance was
brought up by •Vicholls, charged under the statute with having, by
a false character, attempted to hire himself into the service of Mr.
' Wilmot-Horton, the Under Secretary of State for the Colonial
Department.
The examination was private, and we could only learn that Mr.
Wilmot-Horton having occasion for a butler, caused an advertise-
ment to be published, referring those who might wish to answer it
to a Club-House, near Pall-mall. The defendant applied for the
situation, and referred to Sir Robert Arnold, whose service he said
he had just quitted, for a character. A written application was
sent to Sir Robert Arnold, and an answer supposed to come from
him was received, but some suspicion arising, Inquiry was made,
and the answer, together with the prisoner's whole account of him-
self, was discovered to be a fabrication.

He had made similar attempts at imposition upon the Duke of
Somerset, and other distinguished persons.
He was sentenced to three months imprisonment in the House
of Correction.

A young man—tall, thin, well-dressed, and half seas over, was
brought in by some of the patrol, late on Thursday nigbt,and charged
with having stabbed one of the Charing-crow porters in the hand
with a bayonet. The prisoner was accompanied by a very pretty
.girl, who was said to be his sister, and they were followed by such a
crowd of witnesses, and non-witnesses, that the examination was
somewhat confused,
It appeared that, in the early part of the day, the young man had
applied to the complainant, who is one of the coach-porters at the
Golden-Cross, to know the readiest and cheapest method of getting
to Northampton ? and, having received an answer to his question,
he said he should consider of it. Presently, a hackney-coach drove
up to the gateway, and there emerged therefrom a very fashionably
dressed and beautiful young Lady, who, upon seeing the young
man, began to weep piteously ; and throwing her arms about his
neck, she said—" and are you really going, my dear?" To which
the young man very soberly replied, " Even so, my duck."—
" But," continued she, " you will not go without me—will you ?"
" Indeed, but I will!" replied the young man, and then, as
if relenting a little, he added, more tenderly—" I will pay your
coach-hire back to the place from whence you came—but with
me you shall never go I" Some luggage which she had brought
with her was banded into the coach-office, and the young man im-
mediately claimed it as his own. The young Lady did not appear
to notice this, but, leaving hint to squabble with the clerks about the
luggage, she secured a place for herself by the Northampton coach.
Meanwhile the young man and the Clerks were at high words about
his claim to the luggage ; and at length the young Lady departed for
Northampton without it. When she was gone, the young man ad-
journed to a neighbouring public-house to moisten his clay with
Reid and Co.'s intire ; and by so doing he became rather so so. Still
he kept lingering about; and several worthy porters, and others,
who had witnessed the distress of the young Lady, began at last to
upbraid him with his hard-heartedness; to all which upbraiding' he
answered, " Confound you! mind your own business." At last,
whilst in the tap-room of the Mews-gate Tap, as the complainant
was gently telling him that " his heart ached for the poor young
Lady what wall gune off without a bade.. In ner pu•-let may be,
be suddenly meshed a bayonet from the hip of a corporal of the
Coldstream, who was sittkpg there, and made a desperate lunge at
complainant ; but luckily be caught it in the palm of his hand.
While this story was telling by half a dozen witnesses at once, the
young man kept his eyes upon the Magistrate, and hiccuped now
and then, and when his Worship called upon bim for his defence,
he said (as well as he could), that he was the son of very respecta-
ble parents at Northampton—that a fortnight ago he married the
Lady in question, at that place, believing her to be a pattern of vir-
tue. But, upon coming to London, be found her to be quite the
contrary—quite infamous, in a manner, and therefore he determined
to part with her. As to the stabbing, be declared he bad no in-
tention of harm, but the complainant and his fellows teazed him,
and called him names, and at last threatened to beat him, and then
he took the bayonet to defend himself, and that was the whole of.
the matter.

Davis, a patrol, who had witnessed part of the squabble, before,
the young Lady took her departure for Northampton ;phi that she
declared the young man had married her not more thau a fortnight
ago, and that he had% hundred pounds fortune with her, and that,
having spent almost the whole of it, be was about to desert her.
The Magistrate said be had nothing to do with the dispute be-',
tween the young man and the person said to be his wife. As to the k
assault complained of, he was of opinion that the complainint bad.
brought it upon himself by his impertinent interference in matters:
which did not concern him, and he should therefore dismiss the,
affair altogether, which be did accordingly.
