THE KING'S COURT.

BRIGHTON. Psi 11.
The KING, accompanied by the Marchioness of ELY iu
his carriage, went westward as far as Shoreham ; returning,
passed the southern road along the entire front of the town,
eastward, to Kemptown, went through and round it, and then,
without having alighted any where, came back to the Palace.
The QUEEN, with Prince GEORGE of CA MBRIM, r.,
Lord ERROL, and others of the Court, were on horseback,
visiting, I believe, or extending their ride, nearly to ltot-
tingdean. The weather was mild and brilliant, and showy
was the display of tonish equipages on the drive.
The Duke of Sussex is considerably recovered, and en-
joyed a carriage airing.
The dinner visitors at the Palace yesterday were—
The Prince and Princess Linen, the Marchioness of Wellesley.
Lord Wm. Harvey, Majoe-General and Mies Upton, Mr. Bedingficid
Lord Templeton, and Cobs.' Pratt. The latter, just tram the Court
of Hanover, has apartments at the Royal York. The Russian Ant-
hem:odor, Prince Lieven, has joined the Princess at the Albion.
The Prince and Princess Levert left the Albion Hotel to
return to London this morning.
THREE, p.m.—The weather is damp and hazy, but their
MAJESTIES are enjoying an airing in a close carriage.
The Duke of Sussex has walked out to-day and also
en-
joyed a carriage airing. His Royal Highness, therefore,
may be regarded as in re-established health.
The Marquis of CAMDEN left the Palace to return to
town as early as nine this morning.
The following persons left their names at the Palace :
Major-Gen. Sir C. Pratt, Lieut.. Col. O'Reilly and the Duchess of
Roxburgh. Mr. Goring, of Wiston, Capt. Sir G. Weetphall, Lade
Westphall, Mr. and Mrs. Gibson, Capt. Sir F. Collier, Sir G. and
Lady Pococke, Alderman and BITS. Garrett, Mrs. and Miss Griffinhoofe,
Rev. E. Army, Capt. Lockyer, R.N. Lieut.-Gen. Riall, Mrs. Mall,
Miss Scarlett, Viscountess Templeton, Mies Upton, Major-General
Upton, Marquis of Carmarthen, Marquis of Bristol. Colonel and Mrs.
Gate Langton, the Duchess of Roxburgh and Lieut.-Col. O'Reilly,
Lord W. Hervey, Mrs. Halliard Stacpoole, the Slarchionems of Welles-
ky, Rev. P. Aloneyptnny, Lord and Lady James O'liryen. Captain
and Lady L. Bonham, Sir 0. and Lady Gibber, Mr. and Sirs. lane,
Major-Gen. Sewell4ard Mr. T. H. Musfrave. Their Majesties enter-
tained a party of SS persons of rank and distinction at dinner.
The visit of their Diu EST I Es to this town is fast approach.
ing, as their MAJESTIES have expressed their intention of
leaving Brighton on the 21st instant. It gives us real plea-
sure to state, that their MAJESTIES have throughout their
lengthened stayenjoyed uninterrupted good health, acircum-
stance which, doubtless, will ensure their MAJESTIES. return
in the course of the ensuing summer.

THE CHURCH.
OXFORD, Fasavanr 12.
Thursday, the following Degrees were conferred :
NAITELS Or ASTI.
Rev. Henry Burton, Christ Church.
Rev. Thomas Dudley, Trinity College.
11ACHZLORS OF AsTs. •
John F. Newbery, Christ Church.
Richard Townsend, Bement= College.
Arthur False, Exeter College.
Arthur Rainey Ludlow, Oriel College.
A vacancy has taken place in one of the Vinerian Scholarships, by
the resignation of Mr. Giles, of Corpus Christi College. The Vice-
Chancellor has fixed Wednesday, the 2d of March, for the election.
Arthur Roberts Mama, Scholar of St. John's College, is admitted
to a Law Fellowship in that Society, vacant by the resignation of Dr.
Casberd.
The Rev. Wm. Rees, M.A. of PembrokeTallege, is presented to the
Rectory of Talbenny, Pembrokeshire—Patrol, Sir J.Owee, Dart. M.P.
Thursday se'nnight the Rev. George Davenport Whiteheed. BLA.
of Queen's College, was presented to the Vtrage of Hainan, Lin-
colnehire.—Patrons, Dean and Chapter of Lincoln. On the same day,
Mr. Whitehead was admitted Senior Vicar of the Cathedral of Lincoln.
The Bishop of Meath has collated the Rev. Robert Noble from the
Perpetual Curacy of Kinnestad to the valuable Benefice of Athbm,
County Meath. The Rev. Charles Gayer succeeds Mr. Noble at Kin.
ecL Rev. Mr. Sampson,of Walweeth.house, Londonderry, has been
appointed Chaplain to the Lieutesant.
Rev. Charlie Seranel Wood, to the Rectory of Drayton Beauchamp,
Bucks, void by the resignation of the Rev- Wood.
Rev. Evan Price Thomas, to the Incumbency of Abtnbore, Glamor-
pushily.
Rev. J. Lowe, M. A. to the Canonry and Prebend of Riecall, in
York Cathedral.
Rev. Mr. Lowry, of Greystoke, to the Curacy of Brougham, near
Penrith.

NA PAL INTELLIGENCE.
WY& ASSIVID Tan Dat.--liamburgla, I.

• :

Dui., P 11.—Wied W.B. W.—Arrived from the Rim yester-
day, and sailed to-day, the Palambsee, Willis. foe New South Wales;
Argyle, &avers, for ditto; Jo dda, for Grenada; Robert, for Mont-
serrat ; and Champion for Sierra Leone, and remain.
Pouvaitoorn. Fan. 11.—Wind LW.
Fauttnara, Pea. 10.—Wind LLW. moderate.—Sailed the Pigeon
packet, for Jamaica. and Columbia steam packet, for the Mediterranean.
Sat, r.u.—A packet is in sight, supposed to be the &anmer,froln
Lisbon.
Manama, Fn. 11.—Arrived elf the port, the Egyptian, Moro,
from Mauritius.
Ct.roz, Feta n.—. Arrived the Robt. Her, Boyd, from Chartroom
lavaeroor., Fea.9.—Arrived the Grecian, hem Monte Video, and
Lord of the Isles. from Sc. John's, New Brunswick.
Pea. lo.—Arrived the Amnia, Ridley, from Demerara t Active,
Rees, from St. Michael's; Perilous, Kenned *am Faro • and the
Ivanhoe, from Messina. Off the port, the Francis, Grlltha, from
New York.
The Singapore, Tate, from Mauritius to Glasgow. ran on shore lit
December, at the entrance of Table Bay. aid it was feared would net
be got of Most of the cargo expected to be saved.
The Antanthea, Gamble, from London, has arrived at Penance.
leaky. pumps chocked, windlass capsized. end both cables slipped,
bound to Balboa.

The Duke, Duchess, and Prince George of Cumberland.
attended by their suite, arrived in town yesterday, from a
I visit totheir Majesties, at Brighton.
Prince Leopold gives this day at his residence at Clare-
mont a grand entertainment to a numerous party of the
nobility and gentry. His Royal Highness left town yes-
terday, for Claremont.
The Earl and Countess Grey had a very numerous even-
ing party, at their residence in Downing-street, butt evening.
Despatches were sent off last evening from the Foreign
Office, for Viscount Granville, our Ambassador at Paris.
Major-General Charles Palmer, the Member for Bath,
has retired from the army by the sale of his commission.—
The gallant General, however, will be allowed to retain his
rank without receiving pay, or any other emolument.
Within the last tea days carriages have been rolling into
town in all directions ; and it is supposed that previously to
the Queen's Drawing-room London will be fuller than it has
been for man/ years.
COV TGAILDEW Tazaraz.—Lest night, a new two-
act drama, entitled Comrades and Friends, or Life fur
Life, was produced at this theatre. Mr. Pocock is the au-
dios or adapter, and the music is arranged by G. Stansbury.
The construction of the piece is simple, and the incidents are
of the Damon and Pythias order, but the excellent acting of
Mies Taylor, and some very pretty scenery, rendered it at-
tractive, and it was given out for repetition amidst much
approbatioa.
TIIOII3IITON has given notice, that be shall sub-
Elk the following motions on the next Court-day of the
Mae= Semicas, vie.—" That measures be taken, with-
out further delay, to add machinery to the tread-wheels at
the House of Correction, in crier to apply them to some
vestal purpose." And " That a represeatation be made to
the Swoortory of State for the Home Department, as the
peas 11.11• pass at present occasioned by comma beggars,
astwillimeimieg the proprissoydetterieral with which the
duty of the new police is ." These motions, bow-
ever, he thinks it neoemery to postpone, in consequence of
the day appointed being that on which theme is to be a draw-
ing-room to celebrate the Queen's Birth-day.

~..~

elt

~R~!1

.':

4.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OF LORDS, FEE. 11.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a petition from Renfrew for ex-
rsion of the elective franchise, and one from Wargrave, in the county
a Hats, for reduction of tithes.
lEPORM IN PARLIAMENT.
Lord FARNHAM presented a petition from two pasha in the
county of Aleath praying for parliamentary reform and the adop-
tion of the vote by ballot, triennial Parliaments, and that all house-
holders be allowed to vote at elections. The noble lord said be
sus one who lamented extremely that an opinion should have gone
out, that all the distresses of the country arose front misrepresen-
tation. A noble Earl (Grey) bad stated that it was in the con-
templation of his Majesty's Government to bring forward a ape.
citic measure on that subject, which would not occasion any alarm
imongst those who were attached to the institutions of the country.
He could not wish for any premature information from his Majesty's
tiovernment, but he considered it a subject of so much importance
that they ought not to be called to legislate without information re.
fretting the present state of representation in Parliament. They bad
no It:formation, and therefore he thought something was neweitary to
rut them in possession of the subject, and which would enable them,
it the intended measure ever reached that house from the other branch
of the legislature, to go regularly into the question. One course
might be enquiry in a Committee, or a document might be laid on the
:31,.e which at one view would enable them to compare the present repre-
,entation, with that which was to be brought in for the gratification of the
public wish. The Noble Lord was desirous with that view of the
subject of asking the Noble Earl whether any such information as that
to which he had alluded would be laid on the table before the measure
came up from the other House ? If it was not the intention of his'
.Majesty's Government to furnish information, he should certainly move
for such documents as he considered necessary ; but, at the same time,
he bad not the least desire to interfere with the plan to be brought for-
ward. They had frequently read statements and plans of Reform in
Ilick books, red books, and newspapers, but all were without authority.
lie should like to see some document upon the table on which they
could rely, for a correct account of the present state of representation.
Earl GREY—The Noble Lord is desirous of further information
respecting the important question of Reform, before it shall come to this
house. I had thought any information necessary beyond that which
has been brought forward during the discussions of forty years, I should
have placed It on the table ; but as there have been various opinions
(sprouted as to the right of voting, the mode in which such voting takes
Flue sum be generally knoan. It has not been usual to lay informa-
tion on the table on such occasions ; but if the Noble Lord should
;hink proper to call for any information, and will communicate
to me the nature of that information, I will not throw any ob-
struction in the way, provided it shall appear to be necessary, and
have no tendency to delay a measure which has made great impression
upon the public mind, and which it is necessary so bring on without
the least delay, and thereby put an end to agitation. (Hear, hear.) As
to reference to a committee, I should have considerable objection.—
Such committees have been moved for in the other house, and the argu-
ments against them have been, that they were going into a loose in-
quiry, the result of which could not be satisfactory. (Hear, hear.)
It has been the object of his Majesty's Government, enabled as they
are by long experience, to form a solid judgment on the whole
question. They have thought it best to adopt a measure in the
shape of a bill, which must shortly be brought before Parliament,
and discussed on its merits, and with a view to those defects on
the representation which are acknowledged and felt by the great
mass of the public. To regain the confidence of the people in the
i:gislature of the country, it is necessary to remove these defects,
'fiat noble lord has alluded to what I said at the commencement of the
present session. My opinion is the same now, as then. It is in favour
e: the manure, which as I said before is introduced with the unanimous
voice of the government, and formed on such principles as will make it
effective for the intended purpose. It is restrained within the just
hounds of moderation, and void of danger to the state. The noble
sense of propriety would not allow him to call on me for ream.
sure disclosure on the subject. I could not consistently with a sense of
say mote than I have said, and I shall not trespass on your lord.
soil/3 again on this subject, but wait until the whole measure comes for
Me deliberation of this house. I will only add, that thinking further
Information unnecessary, 1 have no intention to move for any."
The petition was then read and laid on the table.
Lord FARNHAM also presented a petition from the cork-cutters of
Dublin, for a repeal of the Union. Also one front Nasagh, for a tax
on absentees.

Lord GOWER presented several petitions for the abolition of slavery.
The house then adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
At a quarter put three o'clock, the SPEAKER took the chair. There
were about a hundred members present.
Mr. STANLEY (Secretary for Ireland), and another member, were
sworn, and took their seats.
Mr. BRISCOE moved an address to his Majesty for a return of the
number of public and private lunatic asylums in each county in the
kingdom, specifying whether the proprietors were members of the me-
dical profession.--Agreed to.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the parish of St.
Giles without Cripplegate, stating that when their Vicar came to the pa-
riah the tithes amounted to 4001. a year, but be raised the rate so much
that they came to parliament for a bill, at which the amount of his in-
come was tired at 1,8001. a year : they now found it impossible to
pay that sum, and hoped the parliament would grant them relief. He
knew himself that the parish was so poor that 200 summonses were is-
sued for the payment of the Church-rate last year.
Sir R. INGLIS opposed the prayer of the petition.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented petitions from the same parish for
the repeal of the assessed taxes, for the repeal of the duty on coals, and
for the abolition of Select Vestries, and a petition from the burgesses
of Malmsbury, which was signed by the deputy steward, praying for
radical reform in Parliament. He was not acquainted with the petition.
es, and was as much surprised as the house could be at such a petition,
coming from such a place; but he supposed at last their eyes were
opened to the evils of the system which they had so long contributed to
support.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the farmers and
graziers, who met at the Smithfield cattle show at Christmas, against
tubes.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Leicester against the truck
system, and a petition from Tavistock for the abolition of capital pr.
nishment.
Mr. H. HUGHES presented a petition from the Rev. Timms
Spencer, of Somerset, praying the house to present an address to Me
:majesty to convoke a national synod of clergy and laymen, in equal
number,, to
be found
deliberateto
theot: theu meanst of providing remedies for the
Sir N. SHAW STEWART presented a petition from Dumfer-
line for a reform in Parliament, and similar petitions from Paisley,
Eastwood, and Greenock, and a petition from a congregation in Gree-
nock, fur a general fast.
Sir W. ING LEVY presented a petition from Gainsbury and Spa.
bury, for a repeal of the duty on coal.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented petitions from Tronshan &e. against
the grant to the Kildare-street Society. He then presented a petition
for the Repeal of the Union, which, if carried, he believed would be the
destruction of Ireland, and ultimately the downfall of Great Britain.—
That was his deliberate opinion, and he had never disguised it. (Hese,
hear.) He then presented one from the Corporation of Waterford, for
the Repeal of the Coal Duties, and one for Reform, from the same
Place.--Ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES F.-emoted a petition from coal owners in Durham, for
the repeal of the coal duty, and similar petitions from Cardiffand Aber-
tstwith, and petitions from 14 congregations of Methodists in Wales,
for the abolition of slavery.
ItIr.WALROND presented a petition from Sudbury for the abolition
of slavery.
Lord VALENTIA presented a similar petition from Newtownbury,
.ind a petition from a congregation in Long.acre, for a general fast.
Lord BERNARD presented a petition ftomßandon for a general fut.
Mr. GREEN promoted a petition from manufacturers near Derby,
to: the repeal of the duty on printed calicoes.
Mr. CARTER presented a petition front Portsmouth for the repeal
of the duty on coals, and two petitions from congregations for the
Abolition of slavery.
Mr. PORTMAN brought in a bill for the consolidation of the
Highway Acts of England. Read a first time, and ordered to be read a
second time on Monday.
Mr. R. GRANT presented a petition from Norwich, for the repeal
of the coal duty.
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from Staffordshire, for the
abolition of tithes.
Mr. LEADER presented a petition from the inhabitants of the
Western part of the County_Mayo, complaining of distress.
O'GORMAN MAHON wished government to state whether they
had received any information of a murder committed is the Comm of
Mayo by the police, and that a magistrate of that county bad inbred
that he would shoot a bloody rebel of the name of Hughes, vassehig the
pariah priest; and another magistrate had declared he would ism say
bloody rebel that assembled for the repeal of the Union : after the bloody
declaration that was made in that house by ministers the other
there would be no doubt that blood would flow in Ireland.
re proceeding to prosecute Mr. O'Connell on a bad and
We
Ciotft law.—(Hear, bear, bear.) That cheer shewed what tbs
of Ireland had to expect from that house.—(Cries of ordes.riti
they found Mr. O'Connell guilty, and threw him into a dim
ND, the hearts of seven millions of people would go with him, and V
O'Connell was acquitted, the government would not have the thanks,
but there would be no more such prosecutions avdnot men for mem-
"lg the peace of the country. (A laugh.) He would sazatfalicpresav-
the peace of the country, for Mr. 0' Connell and the
liaed had done mere to preserve the peace of the country than allistlt
England had ever done. The people of Ireland were determined to have
repeal of the Union, and would have it.
Me. STANLEY said he should confine himself to a reply to the
Honourable Gentleman's question; a person had been killed in a to.

-

,

multuous assembly by tho police; a Coroner's Inquest had been held.
and the result left it doubtful whether the pollee were to blame ; but
the fullest investigation should take place.
Mr. D. BROWNE said he had never beard of such language,
used by an In
maglstrateos bad been mentioned b the bon. gentleman.
O'OORMAN MA ON said, it was stated the Mayo paper. that
a Magistrate named Bt. George, had said at a public meeting, that he
would shoot the bloody rebel Hughes, like a mad dog.
Lord EBRINGTON said be lamented that the measures resorted to

in Ireland should be necessary ; but be was willing to take his share of
the responsibility, and he preferred civil war to the dismemberment of
the empire. (Hear, hear.) He was not ashamed of the opinion, and'
would avow it in Ireland, with which he was connected by property. I
(Hear, hear.)
Sir JOHN BURKE raid, he had a personal respect for Mr. St.
George, and he believed him a worthy magistrate.

TR! nuance STATIEMENT.
On the motion of Lord ALTHORP the house resolved itself into s
Committees of byplay, Sir Alexander Grant in the Chair.
Lord ALTHORP rose and said, I the, Sir, on the pre-
sent occasion, with feelings of diffidence. I cannot but feel
that I am undertaking a task which, to those most accus-
tomed to details, might feel difficult ; but which to me, who
have not been accustomed to enter at any length into finan-
cial details, is a subject of peculiar difficulty. I am quite
certain the committee will give me credit for saying I shall
not be inclined to detain them longer than is absolutely ne-
cessary. At the same time lam afraid honourable members
are aware I shall not be able, during the time I may detain
them, to relieve the dryness of the financial details. It is
my intention to state to the committee, on the present occa
sion, the financial plans which are to be submitted to the
consideration of Parliament. I have taken a very early op-
portunity of doing this, knowing the anxiety of the house
and of the country to be informed upon the subject. I have
taken the opportunity so early, that on taking what is the
statement of the expenditure of the present year, I find the
estimates of the whole are not yet before the house ; but,
nevertheless, I shall be able to state the rough totals we in•
tend to name as composing the financial statement. Before,
however, I go into the statement, and detail the alteration in
the financial state of the country, which it is my intention
to submit to the house, I shall take the liberty of stating
what the Government have been about with respect to reduc-
tions since they have been in office. We have not been in
office long enough yet to be able to propose to the house all
, the reductions which we hope to have it in our power to
• make ; but nlready have we ascertained that there are many
reductions we should be able to effect more immediately, but

the greater part undnubtedly required legislative measures to
enable us to carry them into execution. I shall state to the
house some of the names of the offices we think we can reduce

without detriment to the public service. I shall state, Sir, and

wish to be understood not as stating them in the way of pro-
ducing any general immediate saving to the public—still as
producing something—not, however, so great a something
as might be expected : for, undoubtedly it will be necessary
to provide for the persons thrown out of office, by making
them an allowance. 1 mean to state them, and submit them
to the House, principally as affects the patronage of the
Crown. The Vice-Treasurership of Ireland is reduced : the
Lieutenant-Generalship and Clerk of Delivery at the Ord-
nance ; the Auditor of the Civil List ; the Treasurer of the
Military College and Ayslum •• the Postmaster-General of
Ireland ; two Commissioners of the Navy Board ; Surveyor-
General and Surgeon of Ireland ; two Commissioners of the
Victualling Board ; one Commissioner of the Navy in Ja-
maica and his clerk ; the President of the Paymaster's
_ _

Office ; seventy-one officers reduced in the dock-yards,
rated at from sixty pounds to six hundred pounds a year ;
an Inspector of Stamps at Manchester—a vacancy having
occurred—a Distributor of Stamps in Cumberland ; a Re-
ceiver-General in Scotland; and forty-six Receivers-Gene-
rals in England—in all amounting to two hundred and ten
places, which we conceive we can reduce, by the assistance
of the Legislature, during the present Session, if the Home
will agree to the proposition we intend to make. My Noble
Friend at the head of the Colonial Department considers
that he can adopt all the recommendations we can suggest
as to inquiring into the Colonial establishment of the coun-
try ; and be is also sure that in going through the other
offices similar reductions can be made. The Lord Chancellor
is likewise of opinion that very considerable reductions can
be made in his department. Thus far as regards the pa-
tronage of the Crown • and when I love been taunted with
saying I thought the dovernment ought not to be carried on
any longer on the principle of patronage, this is the answer
I make to that statement. Having said so much, I now ap-
ply myself to the Financial statement. The mode in which
I estimate the supplies is the usual mode—that is, I shall com-
pare the supplies with the revenues of the last year, and then
make such proposal as seems to me.right. The amount of
charges for the present year are 46,866,0001. I mean with
the interest of the debt, Exchequer Bills, and the whole of the
charges. The revenue of 1830 amounted to fifty millions
and sixty thousand pounds ; but from this there was to be de-
ducted the amount received for taxes on beer, cider, and a
part of sugar during the last year, which will not be received
this year, which would reduce it to 47,150,0001. Then de-
ducting from that 47,150,0001. the charge which I have
stated of 46,856,0001. the surplus which remains is
300,0001. Sir )I have never been an advocate for a large
sinking fund, or a large surplus revenue, but I do admit that
300,0001. is coming rather too near the mark. I know that
I am about toaddress the house under an expectation on the
part of the country that great reductions of taxes are to be
made, an expectation which, though not founded upon the
state of the revenue, is, nevertheless, well founded upon the
necessities of the country ; and as much as possible a consi-
derable reduction of those taxes must be made which press
on the country. Ido not know that there ever was a period
within my memory in which a reduction of taxes might be
made with much greater effect, and with greater relief, than
at the present moment. It is when the manufacturing in-
dustry of the country is going on in a steady progressive
state of improvement, that a reduction of taxes affecting
that class of people must be productive of great stimulus
and encouragement. Now the object 1 have in view is,
of much I csi-

. course, to relieve as as I can the poor labouring
classes. How then, is this to be done? Is it possible to
do this by taking off taxes that press directly on them ? I
am sorry to say it is not, for 1 regret to state that their
situation is such that they consume but few taxable commo-
dities. I believe the best mode of relieving the labouring
classes of this community, or of any community, is by
giving them employment— (Hear, bear, hear)—and the
only reduction of taxes there can be made is to reduce those
that can be conducive of affording them that employment.
It is with this view I have considered attentively the
whole of the taxation of the country ; and though it is impos-
sible for me, in the present state of the finances, to reduce
to any large extent taxation, yet I hope I shall be able to
propose such an alteration of the mode in which taxation is
levied, as will give great relief to the industry of the coun-
try, and promote the prosperity of all our industrious classes.
Looking at the taxes this way, I have classed them under
three heads. The first class that requires the attention of
Government, are those taxes which by their largeness in
amount diminish the receipt of the revenue ; that is to say,
where they are so large as to diminish the consumptios of
the article. These We the first that ought to be attended to.
The second class is that which is composed of those which
press unequally on the population—taxes which press on one ,
part of the community and not on the whole. The third
class of taxes importantly requiring to be attended to. we
taxes interfering with the manufactures, and taking Muth
more from the people than they bring to the revenue. It is
