SPAIN

MADRID, SEPTF.3IIIER
Their Majesties returned to the capital this even-
ing from San Ildefonso. The troops of the garrison
and the National Militia were drawn out to line the

streets from the gate of St. Vincent. The immense
crowd which had assembled to witness his Majesty's
entrance, and the loud demonstrations of the joy of
the citizens, at seeing their Sovereign among them,
rendered this event most interesting and brilliant.
His Majesty has been pleased to confer on Briga-
dier General Joseph Martinez de Sin NlArt in, the office
of Superior Political Chief of the Province of Math id,
which he hid held ad bile; in..

NEST HISPARATORY SITTING OF THE CORTES,
SEPTEIIsea 22. •
The Sitting' being opened at eleven o'clock, senor
Cabtrava, President of the. Permanent Deputation,
pronounced the following discourse:
ort •
irmnnstan I—The permanent Deputation par-
ticipates in the 'highest degree in the joy which this
•day animates till good Spaniards, at seeing the illus..
tt ions Representatives of the Nation again assemble in
this august place, to gather new law els in the career
of liberty and glory.
" The paternal solicitude of the King, conformably
to his generous sentiments, has promoted the convo-
cation of the Extraordinary Cortes, for the affairs of
which you are already informed, which are so inte-
resting to the public welfare; and in proportion as
his Majesty:has acquired new claims to the love and
gratitude of the heroic peaplowhom he governs, the
most sacred duty is imposed upon us not to avoid
any sacrifice or exertion to correspond with such
honourable confidence.

" The enemies of the liberty of nations will be again
undeceived by the sincere union of a monarch with his
subjects, and by the order and tranquillity with which
we meet for the third time..

• "In the three months that have intervened, the
Constitutional System has proceeded in its majestic
march, and all the artifices of the favoureriof despo-
tism, within and without the kiakdom, have been
unable to turn it aside: if there have been some par-
tial oscillations,' they are either such as are only a
sign of health in a free people, or they have served,
as they have always done, while the machinations of
a few were disappointed, to thew with greater splen-
dour the rectitude, the wisdom, and the love of pub-
lic order, which characterise true Spaniards.

"Let us congratulate ourselves, Gentlemen, and
give thanks to DIVINE Paovrorttne, which confers
on us so many blessings, and let us proceed to dis-
charge our functions to the advantage of this coun-
try, which is so worthy of being happy, in spite
of those who would wish to see it torn by civil war
and anarchy.
"To the services which you have done the King
and the country in the two last Sessions, you are
going to add others in the present, which opens an
ample field to your talents and your virtues. You
have performed much, but much still remains;
Europe has its eye on you ; the Spanish nation, which
has confided its destinies to you, hopes everything
from you, and this hope must not be disappointed.
No, it will not be disappointed ; you have in your
hands the only means capable of releasing it, and no
difficulty nor labour will be able to check you.
" Complete your work, then, respectable Legisla-
tors; and also bear in mind, that besides the fate of
our fellow-citizens, the credit of liberal Institutions,
and the cause of humanity, in a great measure depend
upon you."
After this speech was ended, the usual formalities
were entered upon, as prescribed by the Constitution,
the list of the Members read, &c. Senors Geraldo,
Zapata, Cristo, fiasco, and Murti, weir appointed by
ballot to form the Committee of Powers.
Messrs. Sancho and Ezpeleta presented the follow-
ing proposition:
" It being provided by the Decree of 22d March,
1820, that the substitutes of the Transmarine pro-
vinces shall exercise the function of Deputies till the
Deputies themselves arrive, we 'request that the Pre-
paratory Junta may declare from what Provinces the
Deputies had been able to come."—Referred to the
ComMittee of Powers above mentioned. •
The President signified that as the last prepara-
tory sitting was to be on the 24th, it was absolutely
necessary to hold a second to-morrow, the 23d. •
SECOND PREPARATORY SITTING, SEPT. 23.
The opinion of the Committee of Powers, tespect,.
ing the proposition of Messrs. Sancho, Nloscosa, and
Ezpeleta was read, which was in substance, that con-
sidering the length of time which has elapsed since
notice was sent to the provinces of America that they
should send Deputies to the Cortes, they might have
arrived from all of them-except the Philippines, on
account of their greater distance; and the Committee
concluded by observing that there was no ofllcial no.
tice in the Office of the Secretary of the Colonies that
the Constitution had been sworn to in Lima or in
Chili, much less of an election of Deputies having
taken place in those provinces.
A long debate ensued, and Senor Sancho having
moved that no substitutes should continue to act as
Deputies, except those of the Philippines, Peru, and
Cuba, his motion was agreed to for the Philippines
and l'eru, but rejected with respect to Cuba.
MADRID, SEPTEIIIIF.II
The accounts from Barcelona to the 14th, shew
that the conta,Tion was increasing in the Barcelo-
netta. In the Lazaretto there had been two deaths
on the 11th, 12:h, and 13th, and no new cases. The
other patients, only four in number, had left the La-
za: etto, which was quite empty on:the 12th, in tl:e
morning. la the house of the Vice-Q.ic.2;l, the num-
her of sick had increased from ten to twciay-two.
There had been five deaths, two cured, and aiLeteen

new cases in the .three days. The following is the
official statement:

Sept. 11
&pt. 19
Sept. 13
Sept. 14

BA RCELONETT A.

Ilemuin. New Cases. Deaths
62 23 32
TO 41 21
89 33 38
104
Only four have been cured.

The bands of 1104 and Zaldivar still continue their
depredations. There has been a severe action with
the latter, which is said to have consisted of above
seventy men, who kept up a brisk fire on the troops.
Six were taken priloners, with some horses, and the
rest dispersed. •

PORTUGAL.

LISBON, SEPTEMBER 15.

There are in the course of our lives happy salsas
tions, in which the heart of man seems to groan
der the weight of the satisfaction a hich he feels, un-
til a delicious delirium at the same time leaves the
mind without the faculty of expressing the felicity
which it enjoys. Such was our situation in the share
we took on this happy day, in the general satisfacT
tion; such, w atria doubt, was that of all the heroic
inhabitants of chit capital ; such the impression on
all men, of whrtever nation they may be, who. felt
the dignity of their rights, and who were witnesses of
the enthusiasm with which this auspicious day was
solemnized. Auspicious and happy day, in which
patriotism, and reason, and honour, moved the wor-
thy military of this city to followtheexamule of their
brave comrades in the immni cal city of Oporto, the
deserving charm ions of our liberty, to associate them-
selves with the first authors of our politic t] regene-
' ration. Happy day, on which such noble sentiments
consolidated the great walk, driving away frightful
despotism, and planting the majestic tree Of liberty,
which was watered only by the tears of pleasure,
and which nn drop of blood has defiled—a day on
which the noblest revolution recorded in history was
accomplished. and which a year ago excited the ad-
miration of all Europe. Ilere follow very long ac-
counts of the various demonqr ations of the public
joy, and the ceremonies observed on the occasion.—
The crowds of Tectatois were immense, in %slime
presence the King, surrounded by the Clergy and by
the Senate, which took on itself the direction and ex-
pense of the festival, laid the fi st tone of the monu-
ment which is to he erected in the Huseio, to give t
grand-lesson to p osier it y , and to announce to it the
epoch when the Portuguese nation rose from 1.1 me-
rited slavery to liberty, and to the legtitimate exer-
cise of its imprescriptible rights. Ine numerous
troops assembled on the occasion, under General Se-
' pttiveda, made a most splendid appearance. After
the ceremony of laying the stone was over, and the
King was retiring, the troops fired a general salute,
accompanied by the acclamations of the people, and
three distinct Vivas to the Constitutional King, to the
Cortes, and to the Constitution. The troops after-
wards passed in parade before the veranda of the Pa-
lace, where his Majesty stood. The troops amounted
to 8,000 men. General Sepulveda and his Staffthen
went to the Palace to pay their respects to the King.
A splendid entertainment, at which above 400 per-
sons were present, was celebrated by the citizens, at
which the following toasts were given:

I. The Sovereignty of the Nation, established on the memo-
rable 15th of September.
IL The Sovereign National Congress.
3. The Constitutional King.
4. Our Transmarine Brethren.
5. The always loyal Armies of the Portuguese l'c..sion.
fi. The Portuguese, who prefer death to slavery.
.7. All the Founders cf this great day, and the patriotic So-
cieties which are to create imitators of their valour.

All these toasts, especially the sixth, were received
with loud applause. On this toast being given, pa-
triotism seemed to animate every countenance. Only
on one of. the company the effects of so grateful an
impression manifested themselves in a singular man:
ner, he remaining immovable until the rest of the
company, though preserving. the strictest decorum,
gave a loose to their transports. It is pretended that
the singular attitude and ininwhility of the illustrious
' guest wsis the effect of the violent impression made
on him by the testimonies of these heroic sentiments,
and we take pleasure is believing it, because it would
be a calamity if, in such a•\i~'eting, there was an in-
dividual who did not entertain the noble sentimelts
with which all were animated. The whole city was
illuminated, and the streets were crowded through
the night.
The Cortes have been engaged in discussing various
particulars relative to the government of the trans-
marine dominions:

Halti-gradtrally assumes a station-which entitles it
to the notice of 'civilized communities. The United
States, who have their eyes about them, begin to talk
about the importance of eqablithed settled relation:
with the Bei Alit: of the blacks and mulattoes. To
the philanthropist, however, the pi ogressive advance:
in cultivation of intellect, in virtue, and in happi-
ness, of this once hopeless people, present grounds
or sari .faction r;-..r0 pure and generous than those
hich are conremi la.ted by the 4. Southei n planter,"
or by the busy mercantile speculator." The •
'eduction of that portion of that island, with all
its inhabitants, uncle i• the dominion of Boyer, s hich
lately langui.hed under the tyranny of ChtiJophe,
.i.rt!.ities the etpectation th::t.in the room'' blind ig-
nurat te and tnibulent ferocity, we shall ere lohg be-
hold it thc scat of sober Government and Chiritian
mot A system of public instruction has been
inititi.ted and • encouraged by It ler. A Chamber
nreminincrcn is also on the point of: being organized
isithe -Cape, which will sensibly contribute to foster
and improve the intercourse between- liayti• and fo.
reign countries, in itselfat grand source of eiviliza-
,tion. We recommend the g: owing'capacities of this
Reiitiblic to our countrymen. .

FRANCE.

PARIS, OCTOBER 4.

Yesterday the King held a Council of Ministers.
Yesterday evening the Prince Esterhazy, the Count
Esterhazy, his son, the son of the Prince de Metter-
nich, the, King's Ministers, and the Foreign Ambas-
sadors, dined with_the Duke d'Escars.

STATE OF THE ELECTIONS.
COLLTOES or AIIIIONDTSSEMENT.—DICIARTIMrr or SKINT rr
Oise.—The College of Pontoise has elected as Deputy M. Bou-
chard Deseameaux, who had 163 votes; M. Lebeau, President
of the College, 102. The number of voters were 273.
The College of Versailles haw elected M. de Jouvencel, for-
merly Mayor of that town.
M. de Iliancour, the Deputy vacated, and President of the
College of Montfort PAntaury, has been re-elected in that Ar-

101147.1511C111CM.
The-Baron Delaitre, the Deputy vacated, has obtained the
majority of votes at the College of Arpajon.
Daraanwcv or t'Yontia.—The Marquis de Villefranche has
been re-elected by the College of Villeneuve-le-Rol, of which
lie was President. He had 195 votes.
At Auxerre, M. Hay, the President of the College, and the
Deputy vacated, has obtained 143 votes, and has been proclaimed
Deputy.
It is stated that the Baron Louis bas been elected Deputy
at Nand.
The Journal de Tordoitse publishes the following
extract of a letter from a Member of the Principal
Commission of Health at Perpignan, dated the 22d,
nit.--" Barcelona is in a state of the greatest misery
and desolation ; the mortality is continually in-
creasing, though it is less than at Tortosa, where
600 persons have died in five days. The yellow fever
has penetrated to the fort of Mont Jou y, and attacked
the garrison. Malaga is also attacked by it."
A letter frowi illadrid, dated the 25th ult. states
that the King returned to that capital on the evening
of the 22d, amidst the acclamations of the people,
and that the first Preparatory Junta of the Extraor-
dinary Session of the Cortes, which took place on the
22d, was very calm.
It is stated, that the opening of the Session of the
Chambers will not take place before the 25th of
November.
Travellers-from Turin state, that the King, Chides
Felix, was expected to make his entry into that city
on the 28th ult. .

Letters from Marseilles of the 27th uk. affirm that
the state of health in that city was very satisfactory.
An actor, named Ruelle, was seized with apoplexy
whilst playing in La Jenne Ifotesse, at the Theatre
of Bagneres. He was conveyed to his residence, and
expired a few minutes afterwards.
It is stated that a ship of the line and two frigates
are about to be fitted out at Toulon.

Five per Cents.—Tuesday, 89f. 20c.—Wednesday,
89f. 30c.

VIENNA, SEPTEMBER U.

The Russian Minister, the Count de Golownin, has
received a courier from Petersburgh. The contents
of the dispatches are kept secret, but it appears cer-
tain that the Russian troops have hitherto remained
immovable, and that there is little probability of war.
The bead-quarters of the Russian Guards are at
Minsk, where the Emperor is expected to review them.
We learn from the frontiers of Russia, that the
camp of the third corps &armee in Volhynia has been
broken up, and the corps gone into cantonments.
Some Deputies of the ci-devant Parliament of Na-
ples, namely, Petinelli, Poerio, and Gabriel Pepe,
passed through this capital the day before yesterday,
on their way to Prague, the place of their exile. The
rest of the Deputies in custody have been conveyed
to the fortress of Spielberg, near Brunn, with the
exception of M. de Conciliis, who has been sent to the
fortress of Munhasth.
The Emperor has authorised the establishment of
a Noviciate of Jesuits at Vienna.
Letters from Cronstadt state that the Guerilla Chief
Jordaki, who had been joined by Captain Pharmani,
descended from the mountains of Wallachia, with a
corps, increased by desperate fugitives to the amount
of 4,000 men, and that they met a Turkish corps
near Foczani, on the 7th September, which they at-
tacked and defeated. The Turks lost 440 men and
130 prisoners. Jordaki and his corps afterwards re-
treated, and appear to have had no other object than
to open a way towards the Pruth.
The Turks have confided the administrative affairs
of Moldavia to a Greek, named Wagorides. It is
stated that the Moldavian Boyars have sent a depu-
tation to Constantinople, to offer to the Sultan to
return to Jassy and maintain tranquillity, on condi-
tion that the Porte would give them a Prince of their
own nation'
