FRANKFORT, JUNE V.

We hell. that the contract with the hazard players
in Abe village of Bockenheira, -about half a league
Vora tliii place, which is on the point of expiring, is
not to be renewed, and the Electoral Hessian Go-
vernment deserves the same praise as the Austrian,
which lately prohibited 01 gait** of hated at Offen-
bach. For us, it is indeed a negative, but a very
girefitt gain, for the corruption ef morals is incalcula-
ue which such tempting opportunities cause in a
commercial city, where there are so many people who
ere necessarily entrusted with the money of others.
A tevt days since, there passed by this city several
more waggons with emigrants from the other bank
of site *bine, on thew way to Poland. The mimes.
WHIZ rains begin at last to injure the earn, so that it is
in some places beginning to rot; the early fruit is
watery; insipid, and unwholesome. We must con-
ask comeloes for the bad weather, in company with
tie Coat eeentfy in Europe, Italy. We have letters
heel Salnena of a very kW date ; it is so cold there,
that people wear doable shirts, cloaks, and warm
ew Ia vibe Gerwaa astral Advertiser is a proposal to
prohibit the distillation of brandy from corn, till
there shall be no reason to fear any want of bread
mid seed corn for the next year. The author affirms,
that In the- greater part of Upper and Lower Sammy,
the Merck. and Silesia, that is; from the Baltic to
'Medan, the greater part of the land sown with winter
sambas been obdigrai to be plonshed up, aptfiba.
of the corn that remains standing, scarcely that third
part of a crop is tow be expected ; a truly unpleasant
ciapect, the superfteiat taunt of these provinces
ng nearly 6UO German (or 12,000 Engliab)square
STRALSUND, JUNE IL
Tolay is the epoch of a great victory ovet the'
hydra of feudal aristocraoy in our new Pometania.
It is well known that the King of Sweden,_ Gustavus
Adolphus the 11Vtlr, bad abolished the vassalage of
the peasants, and effaced every trace of it. After
- the dissolution of thetierman Empire, and the trea-
ties and extension of the altenialt Confederation, thg,
King of Sweden introduced the Swedish Constitution'
kilo Pomerania and Rugen. Thus the peasant, re-
leased from an unjust slavery, became a free Swede,
and a component part of the Rate of the kingdom.
'g constitution soon had t 1 benefitia) influence.
tut hateful patrimonial jurisdiction vanished, and
sh vassal languished in the detrgeon. The country
*name prosperous. and resnaichd so even amidst the
distresses of war, in spite of the quatteringof troops,
reasiatioas, occupations, and cohttibutions. In the
tivaty of "Kid, between Dennwaklind Sweden, the
eoattatution of Pomerania, similar to that of Sweden,
war. ceofsrescd sad solemnly guarantrol by England,
Russia, Austria, and Prussia. A year afterwards,
viola ritibila sad Dpunark aegocittad the emhangt

of Swedish Potiseraigai the maintenance of th
stittrion wits au essential cobdition. At the jpeilarti
,oaate of the stet of lximag+, Frederick Wilfieth .t*
hit caused this to be sok** announced to tot by
the Minister of Stete, Ingirsleben. Yet an
tamale (midst his salami which makes the subitex
travagant pretensions, and thinks to obtain by its in-
solence unconatitntional privileges. .Thii union of
the Nobles has presume& among other things, to
require the re.iniroductiun of the vassalage of the
peasants, abd Of the patrimonial jurisdictions. 'They
have, howestr, been aismissed, once for *ll, vith
such periposils, by i Royal Cabinet ordet, which the
Chancellor, Prince Har4eoburg, has accompanied
by a severe reprithand. We are happy in belonlinp
to a State where such principles are sanctioned loom,
the throne.

THE `.EVEN

k; STALL

LONDON.

SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1816.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT WE LITE =LOC&
Reduced 114 if —Com 6311 —for August 64q.
4 per Cent. 7 91110—S per Cam 9fii-.D006 41. pr.
&arguer RUINS*. Os. pre.
We have received the Paris Papers of Wednesday.
Perhaps not the least interesting pan of their con-
tents is an article from Sardinia, detailing a silents-
ful resistance allele by the Peasantry against an in•
vasion of Banditti friar Algiers at Tneit. The ImmA
hooters were, on this occasion, captured ; and this
is, perhaps, the only ease on record in which the
inhabitants have manfully resisted them. The rea-
son for the tacit manner in which they have suffered
themselves to be kidnapped is obvious : the system
of slavery which prevails on the Moorish coast is en-
forced with tenfold rigour on such as have made any
upon:kir* to their capture.
The example of the Bologna Prophet was followed
by a mad Catholic Priest at Naples ; but the latter
confined his awful visitation to the city of
Naples.; A shower of fire was to tall during four
hours on that devoted city, on the 27th of June, and
all who tscaped were afterwards to be devoured by ter.
pents ! The old women and children of Naples be-
lieved him; but the Police were a little incredulous,
and humanely sent the soothsayer to prison, to save
him, if possible, from sharing in the calamity.

C'lolliEnE EXTRAORDINARY or WEDNESDAY MOttlfille.

An Ortionnance of the King hears as follows s

" Wishing to give the Prince* of our Family ittestr mart of
our aittction, and At the same time a list reconipence for their
devotion to our person and Scar, we have ordained, and do or-
dain, as follows:

•' Oar dear brattier Monsieur, Our nephews the Dukes of A.
totemic ane Berri, our cousins the Dukes of Origins, the Prince
of Cosit:e, sud the Luke of Bourbon, are appolated Grand
Crosses of the Royal Military Order of St Louis."

Yesterd.iy before Naos, the King received in Lis
Great Cabinet, and in public audidnce, Mr. Gana*,
Envoy Eztraordinart and Minister Plenipotentiary
front the United States of Acnelids, ste-presentat
his credentials.

It is said thit the son of Regnault de St. halt&
Angely has landed at Havre.
The Duchess of Frigid, widow* of General Dune,
passed through Stutgard on the fib, on her way to
Vienna.
