. _
- . • • - ult. ' ',`R-.. A. 5,
- ,
. .
. _
• 1..-- .. .
. •
Pt, tezd• .
. ‘-', t -•%--e---0-4--14_ . ' ....
. . r
'• • •
• )1‘0•0 . :1 ..
.• * • . 4‘i
. 2'o •,k 7 (
t ( ,i
"%AIM Pr-F
Cl;-ir 1s ii) --- 10 41, ~
e.. .4 .4.::. ...,
. • „pi. g...,
... ..' • %IP `"'"-
lio. •
o, i .
4:,
..,, . .
..
...
..7.00- ....,V\-- •• -
.1 ',.'
. ._. . ..
". . „.
.
n. •- . - I‘;
tl t i
I t
)
_ .
. . .
i g..
1 0
• ,
1
, ,
.
,
..4'
, 1.,,
r ,!)
1 V
I f l'
1
4 • •;
I
. *

[PRICE SEVEN C F..

. _
together. k was within the whole tauge of human proba-
bility that such an extent of country, which had -main-
tained its entire independence of the parent State for four-
teen years, could ever be recovered by her exe, tions?—
In making these remarks, and submitting these conside-
rations, he thought that he had stated quire enough to
convince their Lordships that it was 'beyond the range
not only of human probability, but even of hunian pos-
sibility, that Old Spkin could reconquer her dismem.
beredStates ; and haviug stated. tkis, he would put it
seriously to their Lordships how._ far. it became this
'country to delay the acknowledgmeat of :independent
South America? 'This view of the relative situation of
the EA.° countries, and the conviction of their recipro-

city of interests, now brought their Lordships .to:the
qUestion--,.thether the independent Colonies of South
America were Competent in themselves, and de facto, to
maintain those great relations of amity and commerce
s,i interesting and so important to the Earopean•States?.
When he (the Marquis of Lansdow,n) refetied to the
papers now upon the table of the House, he discovered,
not without some sensation of astonishment, that the in-
dependent Colonies in South America ha.l been' .de-
scribed by the Frenth Ambassador to the Court of Lon-
don (the Piinc'e de Pulignac), in his conference with M.
Secretary Canning, as distracted by civil war% having
no. Government which could offer to us any one appear-
ance of solidity, as distant and scarcely civilised legions,
yet blinded by party spirit; and to.comple:e the picture,.
a people among Whom absurd' and "dangerous
_i theories
were keeping up agitation!N
and dissension. ow their
Lordships must see, if this representation was correct,
that a State so distracted—i country in which, it the
French Ambassador's account was to be relied on, all

the elements of discord were prepared to explode—such
a State itiust be doomed to inevitable ruin, if indeed
it had not in itself some principle of conserva-
tion. But how easy was it, setting aside analogy; to
talk of even the restored Government of France as anar-
chical in its progress ; for how easy was it for the Grand
Seignior, for example; when contrasting his own Govern-
ment with the French, to describe'the Charter as• origi-
nating mutations In the State, and wonder at the tor=
hulence of the Chamber of Deputies at Paf.s. But their
Lordships would not, he was persuaded, be led away by
this fallacy; and when they looked to the Colombian
Constitution, it would be found, amidst all their anar- -
dry, that property and ,edJcation were the bases of r.
11e lean,' ill the pi ovisions cf that Constitiation the ut-
most care, an almost aristocratical anxiety to exclude
all improper persons from the very approacbes to au-
thority ; he found also, due provision for an universal
parochial education ; and, since the exclusion of the
Spanish fee ces, it appeared that not a single soldier had
hen wanted to enforce the interior police of that State.
It provided, and the Noble Earl opposite could !toffee'
indifferent to this appeal, the Colombian Constitution
had provided for the gradual extinction of slavery. This
their Lordships must know was no easy task ; yet,
areilst all difficulties, a special tax had been raised with
consent, for the manumission of slaves, while the chil-
dren hereafter to be born were esteemed free. No com-
plaints, no murmurs had followed these measures; but
on the contrary, the effects bad induced the masters in
many instances to emancipate their slaves; and these mea-
sures eeie, he conceived, such as to indicate a very high
state of civilisation in the manners of the people, and
must, at all events, be most satisfactory to their Lord-
ships. lie was told, notwithstanding all these encou-
ragements, that there was a want of solidity in the in-
.dependent States of South America ; but; when twitted
with this sapient hint, he would only ask their Lord.
ships to estimate the solidity of these rising States by
the great barometer of all—thebarometer of public cre-
dit, built upon public confidence. And, fortunately for
the cause of independence, the South American cause
had been long before a Landon Jury, composed of men
not likely•to be soon betrayed by theories, men who
were swayed neither by aristocracy nor by monarchy, nor
even by democracy, men most unapt to be entrapped
in shifting schemes; and, looking to the main chance,
it would be foolish to 'attribute to those Gentlemen such
a bias as tended to injure themselves for the sake of no
given rod. But let their Lot dships look to the condi.
Lion of the Colombian Loan, contrasted with the Stock
of Old. Spain. Wlsile the latter was from 18 to 20 in
the City on Saturday last, the former was from 75 to
; and as to the Old Slianish legitim*te debt, he .was
obliged to cat: y his inquiries to the Amsterdam Mar-
ket, when he discovered that the S, apish Has at 52, and
tl,e Colonibian at 8?. Under such circumstances, and
backed by such marked facts, let their Lordships atk
thermelves •if they really could believe that the South
American States were in that condition to be dictated
to by the Spanish Government? We had been invited
to co-operate, as it appeared from the papers still %well
the table Cf the flousv, in bringing back tire Colotses
to some principle of union, whether it were monarchi-
cal or aristocratical ; and he believe.} that this was
very first tittle that this country ha I received such an
unconstitutional invitation from.- a fo.eib-rn Power. He
could only say, for himself, that as herhad .been bcrn,
so he esteemed it his hapeinesi to have lived; where he
had 'ratted to appreciate and to-ttiretate a mixed form
of Government, which was conipessed of the • tle ee di
tinctive*forms e but he never would4netend, on that
'account. tlert thereauig.ht not be eouitties sslr.re C:e
separate principle, as to either - forrni•lnie
suited to their political wants. -•11,'"- however

tined to inte:hn-c on this cccasion, let their

just recollect that t!ie!e existed one great a,
Republic, and he was glad it did extst, • in
States of America, u kich might possibly ice.
assert and defend the present tranquil indcpei
South America, agaiUst th,)se Powers, if any,
dictating forms of Government On distant shores.
were cases in which it was not proper, cnv
tice, of policy, or of humanity, to inteffere.
States defect,,itshould bt :emember'Ci that
knowledged-the 'independence of the linked
and rnade.Treaties with them for sixty years,
were not acknowledged by the oltiCiovernmenl
When, moreover, in the year 1644, the. How
ganza set up for itself in Portugal, the ensuin,
did not elapse without our acknowledging ar
with it. I hiving said thus much upon the
our tight to ACC, he came,. consecutively, to

•• •: • •::(:„bt - i
. •

if

.• .

aioLIA

un.ne
,ht be be,t
T, we vee-
r Lordships
tnd mi:4l.ty
the Unriel
e; called to
pendence
who were
)res. There
,
;ount of jus-
But as to
t we.hatrac- t,
i Pfoirimcs,
, wLile they
!Ist of Spoin.
use of Bta-
usuing year
tnd treating
~question or
0 ihe easier
;
• •
t r $
46 V
.fir
•
