BASLE, AUGUST 17.

The siege of Huninguen will probably draw many
foreigners to Basle and the environs. The place is
very strong, surrounded with wide and deep ditches,
which the height of the Rhine has allowed to be filled
with water, and the approaches are unJermined. Not-
withstanding the smallness of the place, this will cer-
tainly be a memorable siege. A company of miners
has just arrived at the Austrian camp.
Last night a considerable quantity of very heavy
artillery was brought up before Huninguen.
General Barbenegre yesterday solicited an inter-
view with the Hungarian General Mariassi, who at
present commands the blockade. It took place the
same day between General Barbenegre and the Com-
mandant of Bourg Libre; we know not what has
been the result.

This eveninvat six o'clock. the siege of Huningen
will be commenced by a general bombardment on all
sides. By order of the Diet 5000 Swiss troops will
assist in the siege. These troops are destined to attack
the fortress from the right bank of the Rhine.

RATISSON, AUGUST ie.
The Austrian regiment of light horse. which. lie
iti route frnm Ulm to Echingen, received orders to
return to the hereditary dominions, came hem yes-
terday. It will depart to-morrow for Austria.

VIENNA, AUGUST It
After accounts received to day from the Imperial
head-quarters, the numerous suite that is to aural
her Majesty the Empress to the coronation at Milan,
has received orders to-be ready to depart at a nie•
ment's notice, whence it is presumed that her Majesty%
departure is at hand. The festivals on the marriages
of the Archdukes Charles and Joseph will take Pk"
after their Majesties return.
Captain Jetter, of the Staff, who left Paris on the
Si," with dtipatches from Prince Schwartzenberg,
brought orders to the Anlic Council of War to stop
the recruiting in the whole Mon Archy, to discharge
all the Landwelir, and to disband the reserves. He
had likewise orders with him to all the regiments upcu
their march to return to their cantonments. To this
eod he shewed to all the regiments marching by the
military road through Bavaria, an open order fon!
Prince Schwartzeitberg, upon which all these regi-
ments immediately began their march home. On tae
other hand, all the heavy artillery to be employ ed In
sieges must proceed 6y forced marches to the Rhine.
This news, which promises a speedy conclusion of
peace, bad a very favourable effect on the Exchange•
which in the evening was at SI& The Emperor was
expected to set out for Milan on the 26th.

ioirs-11ftik

IS ngs OF poI.JAPARTE FROM, Rd. In. Oil His
PORTEFEUILLE.
La." To TIM Potoloa4lenta4t..
11 Ave,nee, June Is.
Cirr weer for the et! :ipages of the Pon. oohs to repair this
ou the road to. Beaumoitt..
rel'w • 1L...." I'*) Tut Swats—Sams DATI,
re tleyermV+u,iammr i 4 arrived at Beaumont, Ido not
i. prorte to make him return to Phillippeville, which
A Lia,;t, 1,10 ,riwo. I Pr, frt. letting thie Geaeral encamp In
I ague And a half from Beaumont ; 1 shall review
rn;r4tu.,llorl.)w, l'he 6th corps Will then be placed a guar.
!ciOit
1514 cave ter army ..f the Nioselle will iciln
.to-morrow
rhoppcville; the detachment of Cuirassien coming froin
mate tlte: change In the general order.
GINZIAL
1. Ave.nee, June lg. •

Go, (warn for the sion rampaged 0
the Chamseurs end
i Law, to repair this evening in advance of Sobri. Let sil
&Noes sl Chavieur. likewise repair to Sabre.
,11 the Gs nuJiers at Accuse.; the Grenadiers on horse.
ar.dtlr br.ll;,,ons in advance of Ave.nes; each corps v.?* 4
ih atogtry with st. '1 he reserve artillery in adeaneo of

ono
It-66 To PRINCIL JOSIPX. •
" Meows, June 14.
Been:re—l remove my head-quarters this evening to
0-morrow, the t Ath, I shall advance to Charleroi,
which will occasion a battle or•tbe
Tow the pro.,isn army is,
eer. of the enemy the army is fine and the weather pretty
the ceurtry perfectly well disposed. I shall write this even-
:Ohs communications are to be made, on the 164 h. Mean.
tie must pr,pare. Adieu.
fo 1 VI MINIIITti AT WAR.
/hope to pass the :...mbre to-morrow, the 16th. If the
an t'ot evacuate we shall have a battle. • Swint Maw
giuterillsti, at Ai fortify himself there. Recommend that
be inotio mu,ke.s at Lyons, to arm the National Guards.
$OO cannon of the marine must be placed hi batteries at
kt them be there before the V.Sth. Lastly, let the tom-
,of ca.n.6:.tra • • • • • • • march. Let them go m
-to VII- 'runes on Thursday. not be too prodigal of
to the federes; we are in great want of them evety
-%,7e. I direct • • • • • • • • from Maubeuge to Pans."
• blanks are for two woids 'bat we cannot decypber.] The
:et the later is quite unintelligible except a few weeds. We
thu mention is mule of the Rhone—of the Saone —Ol Rapp,
toJefend Alsace to the utmost—of Be fort—of Marne, &c.
In.perial Majesty seems very uneasy about an this; he had
business en his hands at this moment, and never wrote
more precipi:ation.
Vl.—" To Paisca Josses.

" Beaumont, lath Jane.
DROTRER —The enemy briny in motion in attack us, I
,tb to lute: hint: boltslnies wfil then begin to-day. Thus I
• [bat the cminuniications which have been prepared may
:.I.le. " Your affectionate Brothet.
Beaumont, 15th June, three in the morales."
l'o TN: MINISTIR At %VAR.
M? COVSIN—Send me all the Generals I have demanded,
73z/in:ally General Mouton Duvernet : send me also Ge.
ot the Guards—he understaqds the use of the sabre
we 1111 salireur I, and will do Well to the grenadiers.
Ch.rierai,l6:4 Julie, 1813."
To PRINCIL Jost'''. •
• 1110ruik-liu Bet/lean will intorm you what is passed. I.
iltzer my heatiquarters to Sombrot ; we are all in motion.—
ea regret the lose of General Letort. Ihe lo.s yebterJay
..nnwelerable, and tell chiefly on the four squadrons ot tlse
don duty. file confiscation of the ; roperty of the traitors
hold meetings at Ghent A nece-aary.
" Your affeetionSte Brother. •
azr:sroi, lath June."
/..T MADE TO SoNAPARTZ BY MR. DE LANNOT, OBS
HIS HHDEHLY OFFICLII/4, DATED
" Maio:dies, June 9, lel&
Stn.—The Report I had the honour of sending
,ou yesterday containing only a part of what' it is itt).
%Tula you should be intormed ot, I hasten to lay be.
you what my new proceedings have 'smeared floe s
:outnumber of the Soldiers recalled to their Standareld sins
Diglurged .. ... . . 9".7

Rtau:n to marcb
Really wade!
fethooming

. .

2354
137

.1•=•••••
2;19

Whole rumba of Soldiers reealisd

1013
162

Accia to marc►
'gal; marched

. ..

LSI
46

fortheamirg

..........
1144

&surly as on the 19th of May lists of those not
tertl,coming were given to the gene d'armes. The
litary Authorities zealously seconded the search
. has been made after them, and for these ten days
past, weak detachments, under the form of move.
Ale columns, traverse the Communes, ani quarter
soldiers upon the relations of the deserters ;—but
hitherto the only effect of these measures (which (or
rest are not very active, on account of' the small
limber of troops which Lieutenant General Count
ether has at his disposal) has been to put to Right
- soldiers whom it is the object of this search to
ironer,

The Department has been required, by the Mi.
Aver, to furnish forty horses for the 14th regiment of ,
Ch'i'eurs : all endeavours to procure them in the
I):partment have been fruitless : it has been neces-
ay to purchase them at Lyons ; they will arrive at
Slaoeilks to-morrow, June 10.
Besides these forty horses, Marshal Brune has
required one hundred horses or mules for the artil.
ier. I train ; the arrondissements of Aix and Marseilles
oast already furnished their quota; that of Tams.'
Atria all be here in a few days.
The departure of the Cith Regiment of Light b.
avy, taking from Lieutenant-General Count Vee.l
the !nuns of continuing a service which he is
able to supply with the '4d battalion of the 13th
the line which he has left, has thought fit, for the
"menance of tranquillity, to order that 350 officers
a nmaetivity should be armed with muskets, put
!'his measure
and be always ready to receive orders.
ibis measure will be proceeded with till the arrival
the 8000 National Guards, who (as Marshal
Brae announces by his letter of this day) are to be
Ala from the department of the Isere, by an order
tss Minister of War to the Duke of,Albufera, con-
formably to my instructions. I shall depart to-mot-
'orr for Toulon, from which city I shall send a report
:0 your Majesty.--I have the honour, dtc. &c.
(Signed) 66 Ds 'ANNOY."
Slall..Genend

" Toulouse, June 7
Minister
Decaen has just received orders
at War to send a regiment of in-
Bourdeaux, to be hoot then directed to
• but he sears that their departure will
many bad elects; this *Assure would make
lieve that the troubles in La Vendee have
serious character; it would stop the levies
?hid are not effected but by force ; lastly,
lannage rebellion if the commune of St.
Cerda has joist set the 'sample.
these reasons General Decaen think it ins-
to obey this order, the execution of

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
WEDRESDAY, AUGUST 90, 3815.

PRICE OF STOCKS MIS DAY A r TWELVE OVLOCK:

Reduced 5414 —Cons. mosey 5441—f0r sec. SW
4 pet Cent 711e-5 per Cern. iitt—Bands Se. MI dls.
°undue% 64 pre.—De.pay. Exchequer Bills Ss. Ss. db.

Oar Correspondent at Paris after allud;ng to
FOOCHIN Report respecting the state of. France, as
an authentic document which conveys a pretty cor-
rect view of the feelings of the itdiabitants,
adds—
•• This state of things has not improved since s on
the contrary the complaints increase, nor is it sur.
prising when the necessary consequences of the pre-
sence of invading armies ate duly considered. I
have travelled through that part of France which is
the least oppressed, being occupied by the English
and the Russians, yet I have myself witnessed and
experienced some of the calainicies.Snd humiliations
of oppression. You will be surprised to be informed
that, while travelling in the vicinity of Paris, in the
public Diligence, a column of Prussians several
times spit into the carriage, as they passed, by way
of derision and contempt, and that none of their
Officers attempted to prevent it 3—perhaps they durst
not. The best of the joke was that there was but one
Frenchman in the carriage: the 'rest were one Spa-
niard, one Prussian, and three Englishmen.
N Such conduct raises in the breast of man an un-
extinguishable volcano. What, however, chiefly
frightens and enrages the French is, that the Allied
Powers, as they assert, while they pursue such a line
of conduct as they might be expected to adopt, were
it their intention to convert the country into a vast
desart, avoid giving the leasi hint of their ulterior
plans and intentions. I am well assured that up to
last Thursday night, the King's Ministers were in
absolute ignorance of 'what the Allies meant to do.
• it is t iis uncertainty (say the French) that appals
• us all, and which concentrates in our bream such
I sentiments of indignation and despair as may produce
4 fatal consequences, if we are reduced
,to the last
• extremity.?
0? 1 can assure you (and mark my words) that the

lira tat •1 . : fir!. . • •• • •
reach are as fast at possitle: Sion, /try
incia, if YOU ex6iit a few of the very Worst cliaract
Ws, there Will be but our parsi; and that will be for
the K kng.-7.asdfir the e. eon. try.
The Press is here in atiVolute slavery, but the
Parisians, and probably with good reason, acquit the
kuaG of all blame, and ascribe the restraint to the
Allies, particularly the Continental.
44 The Birth-chiy of the KING, considering the de-
presied state Gf the public mind, was kept in a way
that would have pleased the mist loyal B. atm.—
There were, it is true, no public fire-works—no public
illuminations, the KING, from a consideration of the
burdens of his people, having forbid them ; but the
popular joy and loyalty, down to the lowest shop.
keeper, were really enchanting. The Fauxbourg St.
Antoine, in particular, distinguished itself on the oc-
casios."

By Gentlemen of hc 'tour, character, and rank in
society, just returned from Paris, we have been in-
formed and assured of the truth of what follows :
Though the Paris Journals, for obvious reasons, say
very little, or rather are silent respecting the manner
its which the Parisians, and the French in general are
amazed by the Germans, especially the Prussians and
Bavarians, the reports we have heard through the
channel of private correspondence, on that subjects
are far from being exaggerated. Not only do the
Prussians take victuals and drink, but whatever else
they have a mind to, without the smallest idea of
paying for them, but very frequently give vent to
their hatred and vengeance against the whole Gallic
race by insulting the Ktrao and otherwise maltreating
individuals, who. it would seem, dare not to make
any complaints, and whose complaints, if they were
made, as they seem to think, would belittle regarded.
The insolence and outrages of the French in Ger.
many are severely retaliated. Never was a people
more humbled that deserved so well to be humbled.
We say that deserved so well to be humbled ; for the
Christians are. or were formerly, perhaps. still more
humbled by the Turks and other Mahomedin powers,
but then they did not so well deserve it.

It is to be regretted that this vengeance should All
on innocent and unoffending individuals: but national
vengeance is not, and cannot, be discriminative; and
to say the truth, there is such an intolerable degree
of presumption and arrogance ih the. character of
Frenchmen of all contist;ons, that if this vice could
be corrected, this distemper cured, by a little chastise-
nient, the remtdy, perhaps, should not be aknether
neglected.

It is well known to the Whole people, that in ail
things.—war, literature, science, taste, and refinement
in the modes of life, &c. Ste. the French have hitherto
affected to be the first of nations. In opinions, semi
menu, pursuits. and modes of life, it is. or was, the:t
great passion to give the tone to al dick neighbours.
was the avowed plan of the French, even before
the reins of Government were committed into the
hands of Boxetran'ra, to settle all the States and
Kingdoms of Europe in a kind of system under the
sway, the preponderating influence, and presidency
of France. Other Powers were to be subordinate
parts of one Empire. We have aß:en printed Plans
or sketches of such a system, prepared for the consi-
deration of the ruling 'Powers, if we recollect rightly,
HAUTKRI%* published certainly not against
the will of Government. In different French publi.
cations we have met with the position, that the
FreilCil were the Aristocracy( of Nations."
One of the persons from whom we have received
recent intelligence, was travelling, a few days ago,
in a coach from Paris, on the road to Calais. The
coach had to p4sss by a detachment of Prussian foot
artillery, on the same route. Two or three of the
artillery-drivers gave lashes with their whips to the
postilions, who drove cat without saying a word, 'or
so much at looking about them.

Louts XVIII. is considered by all aka mere pup-
pet in thedrama—a mere nullity, for the present:—
Tomes and TALLiTRAND are the 'Administrators,
the party with whom the Allies aegociate,• and to
whom the Allies dictate, or certainly may dictate.
A venerable Bishop, who has resided for many
years in England, had occasion to be lately in France
uncertain affairs relating to his family : he declined
attendance at Court, or, in oilier words, the Levies
of the Ministers, but went privately to pay his ho-.
:stage to the good King, whom he •had been in the
habit of vi►iting, as was natural, when in England.
The King asked him when he was to come back to
reside in France ••••66 I will come to France (replied
the Bishop) when your Majesty is on the Throne.
This is not France."

Intercourse must necessarily be kept up between
the English Ministers Lord CatATLICKIAGII and the
Duke of WaLLlNotrost, and the French Ministers
Fouctalt and TALMUD AND. But Lord CASTLE/16AM!
avoids social or convivial intercourse with them.

A Lady of high quality invited Lord CAITLERRAOH
to an entertainment at her house, where he would
meet, among others, with th• Duke of OTRANTO.
His Lordship politely declined the invitation, but
made no s.cruple to tell her the reason. The Duke
of WRIAINGTON lives' with the French Minister in
social habits. We neither censure Lord CASTIARZAOII
nor condemn the Duke of WELLINQTON.

• It is a maxim, derived from all political history,
ancient and modern, that illegal violence, whatever
its pretences and whatever its object, must inevitably
end in an arbitrary and despotic government. Titer:
is a constant circle from tyranny and oppression,

- .
*

. •

Nilo,* .1. 411 PP

-thtoo...gh iiiiitocraiy, detssecra—"P— cy, and anirely , round
again to absolute monarchy. BONAPARTIN reign
was despotic—the reign of the Allies, is, of Invin-
cible necessity, despotic. •
The object pursued at present, it is said) is a mo-
derate or limited monarchy, such as mai b st con-
sult the stability of government and the liherty etc
governed. But this is an arduous task—to r:sti.re.
the Monarchy without many altcr.ui ens; to new-
model the gimertiment ; to retain the authority. the
majesty of the crown ; and yet to pull d 'Wu s., much
of its feudal sup irt, and to .Iccontniod ite it to the
enlightened views, and the present spirit of the age!!
Flow long must the Allies remain in Frat:ce hetore
such an order of affairs be tc,est:thlis!wd ? • Ant! how
is it to be Maint,iineJ with rut the tever..nr7e
antiquity and es.ablished custi.m ? itiTz
achieved great things, but never arty ruing so ard.i.
cais as th is. Is it a thing possib.e ? The French mast
be melted thivn into quite another mass, before a
moderate and limited monarchy can be permanently
established amongst them. At ;resent they arc to be
governed only by terror. They are not to be gained
by goodness.
The historian Huratt, after the death of CUM:a.
sent., says—,, When that potent hand wai removed
which conducted the Government, ever,- one
petted a sudden dis%ohitinn of the unwieldy aid dis-
jointed fabric. RICUAItD, a rung rn:•.n of no ;!Ipe-
rience, educated in the country, acmtome.l ti. a re•
tired life, unacquainted with the officers ank! unknown
to them, recommended by no military trail, its, en•
deared by no familiarities, could nut long, it was
'thought, maintain that authrTity which his hitter
,had acquired by so many valorous achievements and
signal succes.res. And when it was observed treat he
possessed only the virtues of private life, which i
situation were so many vices,—that indoisn.tv,
pacity, and irresolution, attended his facility and good
nature, the various hopes of men were excited, by Hid
expectation of some great event or revoitati,aa."

To-day we received New York and other Amer;..
can Papers to the Ist in:•:ant. Their con:ents
relate to the commercial relations between South
America and the rest of the civi:hied world.

The RIfrOINT sets oil on his tour cn
Tursday.
The Duke and 'Duchess of (4--VMECILAND remain
in England a few days.
Mrs. Coottsuau 11.1 i received a letter from her hus-
band, the Admiral, in which he nrewions that IioNA.
PARTE. oa the stc biba day alwr setting sail from the
English coast, fell very sea tick. _

The nussian armies are pliigress;vely augmenung
in France. We 1,::on that orders hay.: tri.en teceierct
lurnish them hum Eni;land ssith 90,000 asislitionat
muskets.

The expected contributions from the Frcutri: for !he
use of the Adks ate stated as high, in one of the irttos
from Paris; as eis'it hu.teired millions of francs.
Count ItgusiAtm Svr..ickm Ex-Matigret
of State tu'IiONAPARIE, &C. has set off I:,r Je
;race, accompanied by his son, to 'litho k I v the
thiited States of America. He had been contiit.n_
itilormed th..t wUdom and prudence iendeted
such a V.lyAge r.eitSsAry.
DIAL, Auuusr —Airived and sailed for the
River the Marchionets of Ely and Plicenix, front Ilen-
gal ; his Majesty's ships An-UKtit •41.1 DELLEii• 1.11,1 N,
from Plymouth, and sailed for the River to be paid off.
PowrArourn, iluot'sr 214.--Art wed yestereay ;:is •
Majesty's ship Cricsayeasta, from the Cape (.1 Gt::3l
Hope ; Marchioness of Exeter and P. te.,ix Ist
Istdiamen from India, and have gone tot the Di-vens;.
and' his Majesty's ship ProToN front Guernsey.--
Sailed his Majesiy% ships ABM...Mt.:Mg S. 'PIMA for
the Eastward, to be paid off; and his Majesty's ship
CLINKER. for the I...'.istw:lrd.

FALMOUTH. AVGUz,T 27.—Arrived the Duke of •
Kent packet from Llubrin, in eig!it days, with 4 nhail. .
Arrived this evening Captain MtiltPliEW, the. N, c-
ton packet, with a Mail from the Leeward islands,
having landed it in Mount's Bay this apt:lnns, atter
a passage of 42 days from St. Thomas's. On the
13th inst. in a heavy gale, the Nocion carried away
her main mast, and lust three men overboard, and
otherwise damaged.

Wednesday. se'nnight a Captain way-laid his wifi,
near Dublin. from whom be had been serciratva lour
years, and carried her 1)1. He took her out of the
carriage of her father, Colonel S---, which hr net
between that city and Cicntarf.
The new farce, A Cleift of the Old Bloci, now per-
forming at thf Haymarket, is the production of Mr.
Lwionr, of the Lyceum and Drury Jane Theatres.
Agleam Races con‘menced yesterday ; the Course
was but thinly attended, and the betting ,uuusually
Bat. The spits were as follows:
The Geld Cup of 100 g. value, fur horses OM ages;
eat. Sib.; 4-yr-olds, 7st.; 5-yr-olds, Sat. lib.; lit-olds, Sou
slats.; and aged, 9st. Two odes ands half.
Mr. Batsen's Idle Boy, 3-yrs•old
H. It. H. the Duke of York's e.. by Zodiac; 4-yrs-014
Mr. Prick's Rose, 5-yrtold -

si ti 1 iad 5 to it on the Zodiac colt.
The Noblemen and Geptiemens' Plate of X.;(1, for all ages.— •
Heats. '1 wo miles end a quarter.
General L. Gower's br. f. by Rubel's, 3-yrs-old, est. nib. r
Mr. Turner's Rostopchin, S-yrs-ohl, Oat. w
Mr. Farrell's Dictator, 4-yrs-old, B.t. 21b. 4 3
Mr. Starling's T.y, sat. 31b. - to o.r
5 tor. on General Gower's filly.
CORN EICHANOR, Auousr Sth—We have no fresh
arrivals of any Grain to-day, but the wlicat trade wds
dull, at Monday's prices. Fine Oats sell pretty freely,
but inferior Corn goes off slowly. In Peas, Beaus,
and other articles, there is no alteration.
CANTERBURY--At an Adjourned Session of the •
Peace, held on Monday, Nicholas Nola,, and Michas?
Bari, soldiers in the 86th Regiment, rt, r.•
guilty of robbing a poor French fisherman ..f A 9 in sil-
ver, being the price of a cargo of walnuts witch he
had sold in Canterbury in January last. The pr iso-
ner Nolan had volunteered his services as interi),v;et
to the poor Frenchman, which made his clime ruor
heinous. He and five other soldiers perpetrated !}e
rubbery a short' distanCe from Canterbury, by si.t.
!bonding the prosecutor and Brae in their bay one. s.
The prisoners were sentenced to be executed on the
Y.sth of September neat.

•
1111
G
col'A
$i
r* fir'
t? try(
ro
Allge
3
SPI
dalr
1 1
14k al
t,le it
40:161
r Hi
wunli
tkre I
eel!'
tvi
to
• !!
PPM
*se b
Tl/4 SO
prs ;
r of
err.
at bt
;gait
et thli
wt, is I
c.a b 1
MI nu
DR
I,:e
a Bc
MI
rd
rezlL
A's.: ue
cb,
"
dunce
ml
La
kir4 a
tou ye
3ortat
:.ort jl
Taal n
Rtan
Rug/
Not fa
Whole
lire.ku
)k for
I.
tot; Lc
that ti
Putt
able
soldir
the re
iemb
Verdil
the 14
&km
44
Cluu
nister,
D:pai
cry t
Slaw
w
fetal
Oyu
:lave,
•AM.4
e
lair]
lief
Jaabl
"(the
trait
a not
•nto

"
iar°rn the M
natty to I
Li Vendee
Produce ioj
"Ple belie
aimed
?I Meng WI
11 might eni
4aurent de
For thi
bible for
