,

Ministers wail be dianided, ate consideratieffs
cnndary interest. The iispautant-point is,
King does not atteespt to himself
Cbrtes, and does sot endeavour trio Amon
fiefs in opposition to the wishes of the Ileople.
this point every one appears satisliWand
doubt that a part at least of the Ministry

be dismissed. -
The business will be decided at farthest within two
days ; but the best proof that no apprehension prevails
on this score is, that we. are in a state of perfect tran-
quillity. Not the slightest symptom of agitation is
observable. You may judge from this what credit is
due to the alarming pews circulated at Paris. -
The letters from Andalusia are highly satisfactory.
Those from Seville state, that the decision of the Cortes
is waited for in that city, and that it will be obeyed,
whatever it may be.
The accounts from Cordova announce the most pera
fact tranquillity, which completely contradicts all the
-tumours circulated respecting that city.

THE EVENING STAR.

who wish to dissolve the connection with the another
country.
PORT O. Quesac.—The schooner Sword Fish is
tuturne3, having sprung her fore-mast sad bowsprit.
Total number of vessels arrived this season, 420
sattlers, 8050•

EXTRACT OR A LETTER FROM BATAVIA, DATED
AUGUST 12.
_ _

" The great and astonishing mortality whir* has,
until these few days, attended the inhabitants of this
Island, natives as well as foreigners, and which
raged more violently at the eastern ports than at
Batavia, is calculated to have carried off 400,000
persons, and in such numbers daily, thatthey were
obliged to tumble the bodies by cart loads into large
holes, and cover them •up indiscriminately ; but it
has now entirely subsided."

In the last Number of the Monthly Magazine there
is an article entitled " Manuscript Remains of the
Emperor Napoleon, brought from St. Helena and
published by Santini, his •alet," in which we find
the following remarks respecting Russia and Turkey,
which strongly confirm our observations of yesterday
on the subject
" The slavery of Europe will commence with Turkey. I
now understand the words which the Emperor Alexander ad-
dressed to me at one of our secret interviews : As soon as
the affairs of Europe will permit, I wish to put it out of the
power of the Turks to alarm my dominions.' The Czar will
seize the first occasion to humble the Crescent. I have had
proofs in my possession that the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh is
upon the watch for everything likely to create embarrassment to
the Grand Seignior. The struggle between the two Powers
will not be lung doubtful; for such is the defects of the Turkish
Government, that should one battle be lost, Constantinople will
became a Chapel of Ease for the Empire of the Czars.
“ There is only one Power which may yet save Europe from
the inevitable consequences of the success of the Russians be-
yond the Bosphorus, and that Power is England.

0 Should this latter Power hesitate in opposing the Czar in
e dismemberment of the heritage of the Sultans, she triU one

day run the risk of losing a great part of her maritime superiority."
It is the more remarkable, that these observations
are dated the 27th November, 1817.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL presided, on the first day
of this year, at Kingston-upon-Thames, at the first
Meeting of a Charity instituted and provided for by
his Lordship, giving a handsome annual reward to
each of five poor families who should bring proofs of
a course of the best conduct and character, with a pre-
ference to those who had not received parochial relief.
His Lordship, surrounded by all the principal Ladies
and Gentlemen of the neighbourhood, distributed the
rewards with his own hand, and addressed the suc-
cessful and unsuccessful candidates for his bounty, in
a speech short, but extremely impressive, and well
adapted to their situations and capacities.
Tuesday being the first in the-month, one of the
Magistrates from each of the Nice Offices attended,
as usual, at the Home DepArtment, with their Re-
ports on the State of the Nice in their respective
Districts, and of the number Of,persons apprehended,
&c. during the last month ; when Lord Strostouns
took his leave of them, in a most friendly manner, sig-
nifying to them that it was the last time that he should
meet them together on the like occasion.

The Marquis of HUNTLT is among the distin-
guished visitors at the Duke of BEDFORD'S seat,
Woburn Abbey.
The Marquis of TITCHFIELD has MI town for
'lnwood Palk, Wilts, on a visit to the Marquis and
Marchioness of LANSDOWN.

The Earl of LIMERICK is at his seat, Sontb-hill
Park, Buckinghamshire.
The Earl of WICKLOW arrived yesterday at his town
residence, in Ilarley-street, from Ireland.

Tuesday evening Lady DUNDAS gave a most bril-
liant Quadrille Ball, at the Mansion-honse,York, to a
numerous party, comprising the members of almost
eery family of rank in the neighbourhood.
The Earl and Countess of Cwastus and family
are expected in town in a few days, from their seat
in Scotland.

Lord MARYBOROGOII is entertaining a party at his
seat, Abington, near Cambridge.
Lord WALSINCISAM has arrived in Wimpole-street.
I Lord CARRINGTON, who has been indisposed at his
seat,Wycombe Abbey, Bucks, is much better.
Lord TMONAI CECIL left the Royal Hotel, St.
James's-street, on Tuesday, for Brighton.
Lord GRANTHAM arrived on Monday at his house
in St. James's-square' from his seat, Newby Hall,
Boroughbridge, Yorkshire.
Lady CHARLOTTE DENYS entertained a large party
yesterday, at the Pavilion, in Hans-place.
Viscount BULLELEY is expected at his house in Stan-
hope-street, the latter end of the month ; his Lordship
is at 'present entertaining a large party at his sear,
Enlefield-green, Berks.
The Right Hon. ROBERT PaaL, M.P. is spending
his Christmas at Luiworth Castle, Dorset ; he is not
expected in town before the latter end of the month.
A letter received yesterday by the regular Mail
from Constantinople, of the 96th of November,
states, that the only remaining point of difference bo-
tween Turkey and Russia relates to the surrender of
Prince Suzzo and other persons who took refuge in
Russia in the early part of the insurrection in Walla-
chia and Moldavia. The Turkish Government con-
tend, that, having on their part fulfilled the former
treaties, and acquiesced in the new stipulations pro-
posed by Russia, they have a right to demand of
Russia herself the observance-of former treaties; re-
ferring pirticularly to an article in the Treaty of
Kainardgi, by which it is stipulated that offenders
against the Government of either country shall be
given up. On this point the Sultan is said to be in-
flexible. The letter, we believe, might have added,
with greater confidence, that the Emperor of Russia
is as inflexible as the Sultan.

lir
ion or sit. _rived from Rio Janeiro yesterdart IRO ere Ar., in-
r Pa' tt loesild by a' eassetiger that "everything-was traisqu ,
'his mit7i's. at.tbat"placer bet ttfo Proamstions, ilinid 011 the 'imilt
*pie. On &tot Occnisit, state, that it is expected the iambi..
d there k 'taxis will continue their alleginom to the King and 1
24trY will COastitation, and not listen' to disaffected persons, Loin A
_. .....:.L. .1.. ...thaw Sheikh
