CONVICTION OF NOTORIOUS UTTERERS OF

BASE COIN.

Elisabeth Russell, about twenty years of age, was in.
dieted for feloniously uttering, on the 24th of June, to
Francis Spring, shopman to Mr. Hawkcs, of Glasshouse-
stem, Regent-street, a piece of coin purporting to a ge-
nuine shilling of the current coin of these realms and, also
on the same day, with uttering to Mrs. Sarah Webster, of
Tylcvstreet, another piece of base coin, purporting to be of
the same value. The prisoner was observed in company with
another woman, well known as anurteter, who has repeatedly
escaped justice, and watched until detected in the fact. The
prosecution was conducted at the instance of his Majesty's
Mint. The prisoner was found guilty, and secoenced to one
year's imprisonment, and to find sureties for two years for
her good behaviour.
Ann Ryan and Mary llechc were convicted of a like
'ltem, on the 26th of July, the former having tendered a
base piece of coin to Mr. Robert Traniield, *hit the latter
in her company, on whom was found a had half crown, a
shilling, and a good half crown, at the Sawyer: Arms, in
Mary-la-bonne-lane. The two latter are well known ut.
terers also.

The public cannot be top tuuc'. on their guard against
the numerous gangs of utt‘rers at present infest not
only the town, but the country around. Some of the coun-
terf..its are well executed, but by copinion caution may be
detected by their slipperiness and liability to yield to pres-
sure. The uverers arc generally females, and the only
sure mode of bringing them to conviction is to give them
change, and then watch them until they column a second
uttering, which is invariably doncin the same neigi.bourhood.

We have just heard the lamented circanustince
of the death of Mr. Calcraft

The Overseers of St. Giles, Camberwell, %vow
not behind their brethren of other parishes en the day of the
Corsoition. On that day the inmates of their poor.licuse
were plentifully regaled with roast beef, plum pudding, and
strong beer.

It is natural for the army and navy, Ltcause
their anticipations are borne out by the practice, to calculate
on • promotion in both these services on the occasion of •
ceremonial of a coronation ; to such expectations the prevent
event does not form an exception, for they have been warmly
entertained. The ministers, acting on that:system of eco-
nomy to which they are pledged, and affirm they will adhere
to, on this occasion either discountenance any promotion, or
consent only to a very confined one. It is stated un good
report, that, at all events, only four Colonels will be pro.
motel to the rank of 31ajor.Oeneral, the promotion in the
lower ranks being proportionate. In the Navy, seven
Captains will reach the rank of Rear-Admiral the four
Naval Colonelcies of Marines then vacant will be abo-
lished, u well as the situation of Lieutenant-Governor of
the Naval College, the duties of which will in future be
discharged by the Commissioner of Portsmouth Dock-yard.
Bartholomew fair has been this year ahuost
hthe Coronation and had weather.
Tho Middlesex Grand Jury, at the present Ses-
sions, will have bad to decide upon upwards of 700 Bills.
The Middlesex Magistrates, at a Meeting- held
on Friday, agreed to request Mr. Const to continue to 1401,1
the Chair for the present; and appointed Messrs. pal's,
Rotch, Marriott, and Swabey, to assist hint.
NEW ENTRANCE TO ST. JAMES'S-PARK AT
CARLTON.TRILZACE. —The steps of this splendid entrance,
which was opened on the coronation day, are made of granite
from the Wand of Henn, near Guernsey. This granite is
of such autperior quality, that we find, faom the upon of
an eminent architect who tried a small cube of four inches,
in Bramah's hydraulic press, that it required a pressure of
116 tons to crush it.

Parliamentary commissioners are at present en-
gaged Suing the boundaries of the towns and burghs in the
west of Scotland which are to. return members under
the refotm bill They were engaged with the Ayishire
burghs during the early part of last week ; with Glasgow
during the latter part of that week and on Monday ; and on
Tuesday with Paisley. The greatest praise is due to Go-
vernment for having selected the gentlemen employed on
this occasion; for, should the principles of the bill be made
as liberal as the views of these gentlemen are, It will give
satisfaction to the keenest reformers in the country.
A Report of " the Committee of the Naval and
Military Library and Museum," dated the Ist August, has
been put into oor hands. The institution boasts of 1,100
members. Donations of books, and natural and artihcial
curiosities, will be gladly received; several hundred of the
former and a good collection of the latter have already been
sent in.

The reason assigned for the Duchess of Kent's
absence is, that Lord A. Fitzclarence, who bad the marshal.
ling of the procession, assigned a place to the Princess Vic-
toria after the other members of the Royal Family—whereas
her illustrious parent thought that, as heir presumptive to
the Throne, hre Royal Highness should have come filmic-
(Rattly after the Bing.
A few sensible and benevolent inhabitants of
Cripplegate parish have formed a society fur the present.
don of health. Each member allots a portion of lus leisure
hours to visiting the habitations of the poor in his district.
Where sickness exists in such a degree as to require medical
aid, the sufferer is provided with it, or recommended to some
hospital, if necessary ; where it does not, the rooms are pu-
rified and whitewashed.

GREAT AGE.—In noticing a celebration of the
4th instant, near Raleigh, North Carolina, the Register
states, that Mr. Arthur Wall, now in his 109th year, was
particularly invited ; brat he excused himself on account of
being " busy with his crop;" and said he would send one of
his boys, a lad of about 82.—.deserieou Paper.
Died lately, at his seat, Ards-house, county of
Donegal, Alexander Stewart, Esq. in the 85th year of his
age; brother to the Stu Marquis of Londonderry, and uncle
to the late Marquis. He is succeeded in his estates by A.
R. Stewart, Esq. who married the tiiira diught.r el' the
Marquis Camden.
On the 21st of July died Baroness Caroline de
la Motte Foque, one of the most popular of the female
writer of Germany. Several of her novels, e. g. Roderick,
die Prow des Falkenstein, Feodore, her Tates, and her
Letters on Female Education, do her peat credit.
The Thunderer, of 84 guns, will be launched at
Woolwich on Thursday, the 224 inst. The new basin just
completed by Messrs. Joliffe and Bankes will be opened on
that day for the first time, when the Thunderer will be taken
into it. Their Majesties hays expressed their determine-
d= to be present at the ceremony.
We heartily coucur in opinion with the writer
of the able pamphlet, " What will the Lords do that
" a vast majority of the House of Lords" entertain
" a general though partially concocted hatred to the
present Reform Bill, indeed to ill Parliamentary Re-
form." If the Reform Bill answer the object for
which it is intended, it will give to the people the
power of enforcing economy and retrenchment. But a great
majority of the House of Peers ate necessarily cutout.s of
economy and retrenchment, for their dignity is maintained by
the pillage of the people. Do not let the people delude
themselves with hopes that a majority of the Peers can be
friendly to Reform in their hearts. They any, notwith.
rianding, be brought to see the wisdom of voting for the Bill,
as &damn, in spite of his desire for the riches And honours
of Balak, was obliged to bleu those whom he wished to
curse.—Ca rookie.

An immense block of freestone was last week
detached by the workmen in Cragleith Quarry, the dimen-
sions of which are u follow :—Length 44 feet. breadth 20
fat, thickness six feet, and will weigh about 400 tour !
The block was spli: off by 172 wedges, and moved about 2
feet from its bed. This is the largest stone ever cut in the
quarry, except one for the Nation.' Monument, • hicis
somewhat exceeded even these 'ample dimensions.-- Cale.
doniaa Mercury.

ALARMING FIRE.-FORTVNATE PRESERVA-
TIoN or LlTL—About two o'clock this morning, the
neighbourhood of Berwick street, Soho, was thrown into
consternation by the alarm of fire. In a few minu.es it was
discovered that the shop of Mr. Lawrence, hair dresser, was
in flames. The ne.ghbuun instantly rendered assistance
and, fortunately, some firemen being on the spot, a I•leatiful
supply of water was obtained, and by great exertion the Me
was confined to the premises of Mr. Lawr‘nce, and overcome
eventually, but not until very consultrable damage had been
done to the furniture and the buildin t, which are insurtd in
the Sun Office, Thee was a number of inmates in the
boniest the unreal the discovery, who would, in all human
probability, lave fallen a medley but fur the timely alarm
given, as a few momenta moat have cut off all means of
escape.

P.'

.ATILTIZr.

THE EAST INDIA MAGAZINE.

We earnestly direct attention to the first paper
in this spirited periodical, entitled, " Indian and
Colonial
.Parliamentary Representation." We
begin to suspect that it is too late to mend the
Ether condition of our colonies; but " better late
that: never." We would readily transfer the whole
to our columns • but our limited space
leads us to select another equally talented sum-
mers, on " the passing events in Europe." It
nppe:irs to us to convey, in three score of lines, the
Most correct idea of " things as they are" that we
have perused of late. It is as follows:
Since the discovery of a maritime passage to the Ariau
hemisphere, the politica of the West have had a rwerful
it.flaence on the happiness of the East; we are, therefore,
jus:ified in casting a hasty glance at the moral chat,' now
pervading the old world. The foreign polity of our owe,
end o'' the Gallic Government, which should have been fore-
most in the race of frecOoto--in the struglie of iesprtism
ag :ies. liberty—continues to excite the most unqualified
surprise and indignation. France, while yet reeking under
the intoxication of her dear-bought internal emancipation
from slavery, hesitates—nay refwes, to intervene with pow-
( rful Russia, against her almost curer-humanly heroic arta-
gi.ni,t ; 'he incited the priest-ridden, chained.clown. We-
mitate Italian, to rise against her haughty oppressor; and
when the blood of her Borellis and M:rottla was Leinf, sa-
crificed cn the altar of justice and patriotism, France basely,
infamously shrank from the contest she had provoked.
Put she could retain an trmy in the Mores, to overawe
the degenerate Greek—and contend on the brow of Mount
Atlas, with the demi-barbarian of the desert. She could

cowardly capture the whole fleet of a third or fourth rate
European state, b. •nd down as it was in the shackles of
.uper.tition and tyras..y ; and she could dare to march an
army 14 50,000 men, in conjunction with England, Russia,
Austria, and Prussia, against an impoverished and overawed
Dutch Monarch! Awl Great Britain has joined her it. !his
ignoble career, to interfere with t'.e weak, frighten the
ti-Lid. and truckle to the mighty—and

'• Proud o'er Ler conduct for ever be hurltd.
The laughter—the triumph—the jeers of the World !"

Spain still groans under the yoke of a Ferdinand—hut
the convulsive throes that are now and then perceptible In
her society, indicate an approaching earthquake. Miguel,
immured with 3,000 pretorian guards in his Palace at
Queluz, continues to lassie his unearthly edicts. crimsoning
the Taus and the Douro with the blood of the eicscendants
of Dila and De Hama. Austria pursues her t.eacherous
course towards Poland. while Hungary threatens a com-
plete separation from the crud vindictive policy of Met.
ternich, and hastens to relieve her immortal cempatrio on.
the l'istula. Russia staggers under the combined ffect4
of cholera morbus, internal discontent, and repeated dis-
comfiture, from her pigmy antagonist. Italy lies bleed-
ing at the feet of her jesuitical rulers, awaiting the mo-
ment, when with Tenor-red strength she m'y invoke and
cherish the spirit which made her " Capitol e. the dlistresa of
Nations. P:ussia, like a tiger verily watches th: passing
conflict, ready to spring on the leer opposing power. Bd.
glum, after nearly twelve months turmoil c't ;nen z So-
vereign, whom she o' liged to swear to preservo L,r terri.o.
ries, intact, and yet, when invaded Ly the Dutc:l, '•cr suL.
jccts fied ignominiously from the Gad, when the Monarch
had earned himself for their protection. Holland still lays
claim to the possessions guaranteed to her by the 12th ar-
ticle of the 'tractile: Fiance on the cot nary, seeks the an-
nexatic n or Belgium an.l claims the Rhine as her natural
ho•rdary ; and, in finc,"all the rower, of Europe, midmost)
bating and distrustful of each other—are etch afraid to
strike the first blow—too poor to stand upon the broad lassie
of indeperdence, and too inefficient to know that so Ion; as
l'ohand and Italy remain un-emancipated, the peace of Eta-
pe i 4 uncertain, while a moderato portion of foreeisht
would demonstrate, that it is only by securing the general
tranq.tillity of the world, that the commercial embarrass.
tort and taxation, now oppressing every nation, can be re-
moved, and the civilization of man advance in a ratio corres-
port' i:.g to the quickening rpirit of the age.

count
e 4%
r 467
' hr" . 01.114 w
oc lute
..tik
. •
L rE R
aa
Vgl
