SATURDAY EVENING, OCT. 16, 1499. Pittcr. 7n.

PROM THE LONDON GALRI"Pit, Ck 4. 15.

ADMIRALTY OFFICE, Om 15.

This day, in pursuance of his Majesty's pleasure, Geo. Manley,
Esq. was promoted to the rank of Rear-Admiral of the Bine, taking
rank next after Rear Admiral Sir Tristram Robert Ricketts, Bart.

WHITEHALL, Oct. 13.

The King has beet pleased to present the Rev. Robert Finlayson to
the Church and Parish of Lochs, in the Presbytery of Long lobed
and County of Ross, vacant by the death of the Reverend Aleaandet
Stinson.

BRIGHTON, Sin. 6.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge has been pleased to
appoint Captain Cuthbert. Equerry to his Royal Highness.

;DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.

Soanut. Swamp, Clarendon-square, engraver.
TULLZIT, TION*II, Birmingham, hatter.
Rya:Turmas, Star and darter-yard, Ratcliffe-highway, colonr.maker.
Moircuer, Joux, Peckham. master mariner.
Evans, THOMAS, Welchpool, Montgomeryshiee, grocer.

BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
ALLINSON. Taoaua, and Witztims, Jou, Manchester, coal merchants.
&nem, hlscnott. Homey, St. James's-place, Prince's-roAti, Lam-
both, dealer.

CIRCULAR SENT BY OEN. MINA TO THE GENERAL

OFFICERS ON THR FRONTIERS.

(FRO* 0111. CORIZIWONDIENT.)
From the moment that a chink of hope of liberating our country from
slavery presented itself to my sight, I put myself in motion, and am
now labouring at this object as much as my strength admits. The mo-
ment for operations has arrived; my greatest wish is to assemble as
many elements of attack as possible, that we may ant by any manner of
means miss a happy resale. I sacrifice all my being to the welfare of
my country, as well as all my powers and means; and whether it be
commanding as a General, or obeying as a soldier, I shall march with
pleasure to contribute to her liberty. In my opinion the union of us
all is absolutely necessary to attain that object. I desire that union—l
believe that the same idea will be entertained by your patriotism, and ;
that the collective co-operation of all will contribute to its most speedy
realisation. I consider a centre of action, and the sele direction being
placed in one hand, as indispensable. To operate in an isolated man-
nor would be only weakening our power, and exposing ourselves to par.
tial reverses, which we ought to avoid, as well as causing our coonprn-
raised brethren many persecutions and misfortunes, for all this would
infinitely delay the triumph of a just cause, and possibly ruin it entirely.
All this will be set right if we operate with one common accord. I
therefore request you to give me a categorical and speedy answer, that
I may accordingly go on with my labours.--Gon preserve you, &c.

(Signed)
To Senor Don Francisco Valdes.
Bayonnc, Oct. 1.

F. ESPOZ 1 MINA.

%!!B 7 UHF

LPSOM OCTOBFR M ;4: r NG.

The assemblage on the ground yesterday was neither more nume-
rous bor fashionable than the preceding day. ahe list, however, win
snore prolific of sport, and the weather, if possible, finer. It cannot
be denied that the failure of tie present meeting as • anurce of prolt
to the town of Epson* is entirely attributed to the want of spirit
evinced its inhalihmita, whiq have only to be more liberal in their
contributions to ensure racing of a superior kind. Bat for the pa-
tent/Age and support of Mr. Maberly, the meeting would have beat
.finitely worse. We are informed that it is Wailed to continue the
races annually, and that measures are already in contemplation for
tlmjr improvement. Several of the neighbouring 'entry have promised
their suppers, if better management be evinced by the committee ; it is
elm stated that the proprietors of Orand Stand ir.tend to give a cup.
If the success of this undertaking (She Stand) depend on the October
meetings, we should augur unfavolurahlr for the shareholders ; it was
almost empty, owing as much to the general alacknees of the meAtig
as the exorbitant sum (As.) demanded for admission. The sport yes-
terday was increased by the untimely appearance of a hereon the rue-
ground ; the poor animal was hotly pursued by a numerous pack of
pipeds, and only escaped by a strenuous exmtion of those qualities that
have so often belled four-legged anemic,.
We subjoin a statement of the day's sport :
The Wellington States of tweity-five sovereigns each, and tea added.
Derby Course.
Mr. hlaberly's e. by Meildkten, out of Nanine, 3 yrs
(rept her) - e
Mr. Theobalcre Bobadilla, 5 yes, 80. 41b. .
Dlr. Shacken Watchman, 4 yrs, 7e. Mb. - 3
Captain Bulkeley's Busde. 3 yrs. Est. l2lb. . - 4
;I.:Betling-1 to 4 against 80/Willa, and Sto l against Nanine. Tho
rater made the running, was never heeded, and won by a length easy.
Nile by a little boy (the son of Mr. Scott. Sir M. Wood's new trainer),
whose weight was 4at. 41b. being 58Ib has. than the weight eariied by
liobetilla, 30lb less than Watchman, sad 361 b. less than Bustle. Ile
rode with great patience, and reeeirgst a liberal pfescnt from Mr. Ma-
bmly. Bobadilla was rode by Macdonald, Watchman by F. Buckle,
and Bustle by Chapple.
Two-year old Stakes of 25 soya each ; colts, Bst. 7Th. fillies, 4/h.
