DUTCH ..P,iPERS.

BATAVIA, 'dawn 51.
The laws Ceoranr.4 still without any accost of engagements
with the insurgents, which is considered, nut without reason. as a
eign.that the negotiations which are supposed to hien hetes opened
with them go on favourably. .Private accounts to the ith APIA
which we communicated some days ago, also state that hostilities
were supended.

AUGUSREIRG, Jima' p.
. The reports respiqing, the negotiations for peace. Oil! hi, 19.
It is again positively anted that the Russian Commander in.Chisf
has ere tared that the Emperor desires the termination of the war;
and that tlse Porte appeared disposed to enter into negoeistioos.
Some accounts say that the Dragoman of the porte,wlll go •41y
nt
to Shunt's ; after which, Turkish Commissioners suilliaersppelOod
to proceed to tbe,,!linilinn ;wad quarters. Other
.arAntnts state'
tow the megociatinni.will be carried on at Sluing& kalif ; Nerd loss .
the President &Reuben, Count Pahito, and Mr. Negri, CWancillor.
of sum, will be %be. frPTerlt4tiTtl 1
°' ItPsia and
.that
3,9;41,45qm gliSPMIds Yragor _
1"_illbe.011)!taf,
dialers. The defeat of the Grand Visisr.: the fall of Wtlsula, ISPP '
the fruitless rapedidon sktlso Capita° Paths to the filch lAN atte
said to have Inspired the Porte with more concillateer sentbirclusli•
.ie Odd& rat bc 04.14 the *dvallre,4l.be. flu rdtht wadi)*
9f mops 11'011104P% t .SizetPli• VoMed st Vefl4.o,lF
Rudsctsuck bad capitulated. and that s.coosbler4ble,l4Wian corps
had advanced from Racbova towards Sophia.

PRUSAR4S, AUGUST 2.
,Hit pajcsty.tbe icing of Priseia, it asyeetaitl here by the lOtb
Jtint. Tbere wilkbe great fctes dnrl4 kis
the pewee of :be Prince of Ortni!aßiltal Ppics 4r,gflirir44
111c.4•35°,.-"! .19411!".
liatempoo,. August. snorts? 12 12 5.111,41,11,0
menthe. II OS.—balek Papers, ArgasS'3. • • • "1;

STATE OF .MADAGASCAR
EXTRACT OF A LETTER, DATED PORT LOUIS, MAURI•

TIUS, APRIL 24, 1829. •
I gave you fanned), some particulars touching the death at
Kadin's, Kin of Madagascar : that event would have prepared
7°V for maul of the change! which have since agitated that unhappy
country. From the period sof the King's death matters hare ion-
gresdvely gone on from bad to worse; so that the coontty'haa Web,
sod continues to be, tons by the contendons of the different parties,
and toe Queen had some time singe refused our annual subsidy,
or is any way to acknowledge the Treaty entered Into whit as-
thma for the Abolition of the Slave Vide. By the airiest Of
the Vittoria' from TIMMS% we haw/ • just bees appelsed ' that
dint the middle of hat month, the reddest gent of Abe linglisk
Wit
ofadod ot Ito ovilolot Tananarive, had been
taps Order the powers dint be at Madagascar ; that
been tried according to the of die country, on a
do* of sorcery, divination, and aides against the decree/
of
the.gods of the natives ; that be was adored to quit the omustry,
was actually making the best of kis way towards dig mu%
Odd) be expected to resell in the course of the resent men& It
ar, as far as I have been able to ju e, that ever 'stool
IllirelitetT:f the King, the presence of the •
t agent at the
Dart of Madagascar has merely been endured ; but from the time
An Queen signified her refusal to acknowledge the treaty, and .to
map of an equivalent, I fancy it has been made pretty aarent
to the resident on the spot, that his presence was not only Mt
agreeable, but very likely would be dispensed with altogether. • •
" The nuance have not, I believe, been seriously disturbed
is their labours. The schools which were shut during the periss
of the mourning, were in progress of being InduslY el-opened,*
their former footing, and it wooki appear that during siren the
worst periods of the anarchy which followed the death of the KW
peach forbearance was exercised in their favour, sod that they
were never looked open with a jealous or an evil eye.
" _ Such has been the termination of our treaty with Redman
That it was religiously observed On his part down"to the day of
his death, no one here entertains the smallest doubt. • That It has
asks donation powerfully contributed to the advancement of Ma-
Veer, as well as to the tranquillity of this island, there can be
IS kiground for doubt.
tit is quite appalling to contemplate the misery which may be
in reserve for that country, should the native Chiefs of Iladagastar,
returniog to their ancient habits, not ooly sanction but encourage
Ome oils et slaves for exportation. That such have been the motleys
erldel have enabled them to prevail over the • of the
there'

weakness
'Queen, ... .. is but too much reason to apprehend:. Ili the' prase*
state of the country, I fear it would be hopeless to nftentpt to do
any thing. The Queen is a mere puppet, who.. maims am di-
rected at the will of those who surround her; and it would per.,
baps be impossible, by the exercise of any skill or management, to
obtain from her any thing like a public recognition of the engage-
mute of her predecessor. She is now unfettered by any *Onto
or stipidadon; free, and perhaps not unwilling, to runts to that
state of things which it was the object of the treaty to put down
and extirpate ; and although we have nothing to apprehend ham
she establishment of a slave-mart In our vicinity, the mere feet el
such a mart being re-opened, after having bses•osee hermetically
dosed, would be considered as one retrograding step in the rte•
gems of the abolition.
This colony Roes on increasing is wealth and riches ; oar re.
tresses are now very nearly, If not Mtge, equal to meet the dell
Aid celesta! Military expenditure ; sid u. oar means if esper 'in-
mates (it is calculated that the crops of canes en the ground will at
host produce 050,000,00 h.), we have every prospect of soon hay.
'(f& dispOilble surplus: is the mean dere, In Ininueleenee et 'the
ittension bragriestinfre, the bringing into cultivation largetrads
of waste land, the eugagensents which have been entered him
consequent diercoo..and the disappointments which were ape.
deuced from the failure of the last crop, a very Considerable goo
Was for the last eew Months been. and oddities to be felt,'stid to
such an extent, that a committee of Government ollicereis now-
sitting to inquire into the causes of *present crisis, and to ascer..
tain whether there are good did ttadedt Pounds for the inter-
position of the Government, whoseild the Chamber of Commerce
has Invoked. It is at all doses difilcok for she Government tooter
a mfe coarse under such circumstances.. but if ever Government
toes- ninipd in stepping in to relieve tise linanclardilliculties a* air
sikalavair Is the din wit4l4ii ii...atilooe'binefielally." ‘. ,
THE NEW GENERAL POST OFFICE. i
—ins-- 1
It being understood the New General Post Office is as
be opened for business on the 12th inst. the inhabitant'
of the 'numerous parishes of the environs, called " off till
stones," addressed a Memorial to his GraCe the Poet.
master General, by which will be perceived the posh
trouble the Memorialists have taken, during several'yeam
,pept, to endeaiour to remove the disadvantages undei
which they labour. It is earnestly hoped the allegatie
therein contained, in which the public are so deeply in II
tereted, will be complied with, as information has bee
recently received from C. N. Pullmei . .; (Member fo '
BUrrey), who was kind enough to U it.;
to presen
the above Memorial, that he had had a conference with
Sir 'Francis Freeing on the subject, who was happy in
stating that he dm:night the regulations prayed for might
be expected to take place from the date of the occupation
of the New General Post Office.
" TO HIS GRACE THE DUKE OF MANCHESTER,
his Majesty's Postmaster-Generaf. •
" The Memorial of the Freeholders and Housekeepers of
certain Parishes Oirroundhig the City of Undo.,
" Showeib--That your bleatorldists most respectfully beg leave
to state to yoir Grace, that It is with the utmost reluctance they
tatlrrts. yes • and make known a grievance under which titer kr",
so long laboured
ured ; and In order to endeavour to remove the satinm
much time Ind trouble hat been expended during the list fled
years, and they Sand themeilvis, from the ;ust and'realioria
cause of their applieatiOrt. die prayer of their • etitine woad h •
been acceded to, but rot certain eventsthat occurred having area j 4
slotted great changes in the State, and in the. different dienartinenti
wherein your Memorialists were seeking *dress. the •Itteetitive
Government being transferred to otheri—ydir•Mesitoriallets 'tang
delve may have been the Cause of their no having oaks fhuared
with some Meld reply to three Petition ?relented by them us
the subject within these 'last three pus, which 'were Moat re
sputfully worded, and highly, respectably, sad notavreerif steed
by the ?rind* Freeholders and Housekeepers, Inhabitant:vet thy
environs of London. •
" Under these circumstances, your Memorialists beg lesve
state to your Grace that the 'abject to which they alb do is the
I
sent conamd and unequally extruded limits of the Ooseral •
tke'Twopenny Poste to the eneirons,•being only suited re
when Its forret, dinknsion. • and population, were not tiff sol
eiiensive as at present, which subjects your Memorlalbo W 4
only to extra postage upon all letters, but to' sense' delimit
and losses in business, front letters of appointment. deals;
Mitten-en of mosey, being . hoptently delivered tee late,
eirtouiother causes too numerous for cintplaint, the resent
liveif gr4itly Gvosiring some pun beyond ?Molting ire •
`PopolOul: vishkit year Illemodalista'tnut your Orate *lit
&hr.' For Instate, theparisk of St. Slaty. •Newlegtes, Storey
alio part' of Ile.'. George. Southwark, Hernsoadiey, Lambeth
St.i.eonard, Shoredttels, site: Std. are 'titbits the *on dislike
a mile, or a mile and a quarter, from the •Gealwal Pest-01114,
Loinhstd!street' while keen are delivered at the greater dio
tante df betwoellioarited dye miles acid upwards, lb thliediwat4
Poplir, Bliebevall; • the Outward-bound' Dicks,towrildr944.
fords' 11. Ith. where every aecounntodatioo of general reptiehtt
pia Iftta-beil, fie, is allowed . the emir is
Inrigi eirlisterikbe Cliyi:lifillotit. the 'extra 'dap of tstopeoisp
on- b'enivii -*ten, tad 'one pearextra OS Tirephearflig
letters • for,' bWough. the prayer at the ratline. may
.1
• teeing 'import, yet it ip daily a 114tter of tilt fist
cesoti
t;nitttgl ournbers partiedarly ulibWe in business. . Yost 4
Mot tstheiefor'e addressed a blemorl.l itc-troveineer. 1W:
ko ' ' ' kilif if letstdiiiter; as PIM- flarter-Ornerifidrikeirwis
sled bNivrien i',oob and S, patens—usoogdsrtiewiesree
keitit immix, it she atlbliiils. ,IPet!""( the big "fidiucti_usn'
Pulitl4lll)t A timber grad e . eztenaboil I e die,q, ,, , ,
.. . . ~
44...
Lordsh p,lt Is 'suppbeed, lire 6844114 rery 4 tldr.

PRICE VEIIPEPICE.

sneusolfalisi neat p4sunted to address the liseiiis/ Commons en
the subject by petition, at the 9th of April,' 1017, which was pre-
sented by WOllant Denison, Esq. M.P. and was also most respec-
tably 464 by upwards of 5,000 wows; at which time the
*pecker of the Housed Camau retaimuanded the petitioners
to edam* a Diomede! m the Lords of ha ilsjEser. Timmy, there
being a Commission tbett'sitdug de the Weirs of the Post Office,
Which wails° dgned by fekeheldets awl hosnekeepeve et the sir.
rounding parlibes, and was presellted die* Mr.-Maim. •
Your Memorialists therefore respectfully veldt your Grace to
sake the prayer of their Memorial into consideratimi, when they
trust it will be perceived the regektion prayed for to be a claim
of justice due to your Memorialists, anti which is gmerully.coon-
dered will, in a skeet line, cam an increase of mum by a
greater number of letters circulated through that madleut. aad by
a tree delivery of Newsmen to the sevlrmis.
Your Memorialists hiellig given your Grace a faint desert-
dots of the disadvantages under whidc they,labour,.autthe steps
taken to endeavour to remote the mike. they trust your
Grace Will-be pleased to give some satisfactory assurance of
the till consplained of being ;removed, that will prevent farther
delay or application, by the limits lithe General and of the Two-
penny Post being flinbei and equally extended in every direction
eat of Loudon. where there is a eontintretion of neighbourhood and
population.
" And. your Memotialists, as in duty bound, will pray.-

SUPPLY of WATER to the METROPOLIS.

-...1MM..- •

GRAND JUNCTION WATER COMPANY.
A very numerous meeting of the proprietors in thii
undertaking was held yesterday, at the Company'. offices
in Brook-street, Grosvenor-square. The meeting won;
specially convened, for the purpose of taking into con-
sideration the necessity for an alteration being made in
the Company's source of supply, and alto the important
communications which had taken place upon the subject
between the Right Honourable Sectetary of State for the
Home Department and the Board of Management.—
LtA 31 CLA v, Esq. in the Chair.
The Cousteau stated the objects of the meeting, as narrated
i above, end requested Mr. Cos, the Secretary co read the Report.
It was in substance as follows
' Adverting to the Report of the Select Committee of the House
et Ottemsous,ia which k was stated " that many of the complaints
respeodng the quality of the water are well-founded, and that
thew ought to be defines/Ito* other sources than these now
to." the Drama sum, wt so smog had been the
feeling recited by the Report of ON Select Committee against
ite Thence water within the Loudon district, they conceived
*el. should be lodity of a dereiktloo of duty did they not
Monty recomemod a change to be made in the source of supply,
tionfinced, that whilst the Cempaty continued to draw
Ode supplies front the present warm it would be almost im •
possible to satisfy the public as to the purity of the water.—
After ninefretts surveys bad bled made siting the line of the
rivee Thames, facilities foe the procuring of wager from Richmond,
by means of the boundary-cut of Kew and Richmond Gardens,
ph themselves. This arrangement requiring the assistance
toed sanction of Government, the plan was Immediately communi-
cated to Mr. Peel ; that ammonnication, among other things, stated
that near Kew-bridge, tat the Surrey shore, a deep and wide cut
commenced, which served as a boundary to Kow-garden, rousing
parallel to the Thames to within 400 yards of Richmond-bridge.
At this place the Conepony respeettuUy•soncitesi permission of the
crown to lay a pipe ; this, it sue conceived, would not at all injure
the Crown lands. The application expressed the firm belief of the
Board of*Manageneent that this mum of supply wooed satisfy
the public, and condmied by disdlehniog the wish or intention
of obtslaing frost Government any unction, either as riarded the
enterprise or any cesteqsient UMW advance of rates. 'Pe this ep-
Pad* a letter was received front Mr; Mu se, of she Woods add
Forests, appolothag an Interview between the engineer of the Com
'piety and Mr. Akeel, eoperintendant of Kew (ludas. Them*
'of this interview was an assurance from Mr. Akan that the plan was
ricticable. Immediately after a letter was received frost the Under
of State, informing the Olospeoy that it was apprehended
;be adoption of the plea would reader works nzeessary which might
interfere with the enjeysient and privacy of the gutless turd plea-
ders onsoods at Kew. To this letter the 'Board of alisostement
stated, that they did not cootemplate ionising my works what-
leaver on the spot, per would the arriogement require the en-
testae Me Nagle individual to the •gardmit. This was Mowed
by_another letter from the: Woods and Forests, requesting the
transmission of a plan and section of the intended operations
dine were sem ecdoniingly. The Chaining of thO'Coserpowt ( lir.
Clay) bad an interview with ?Jr. Peel, who suggested the pro-
prietf of the different Companies coalescing, and of employing
Mr. Telford to Outdo, aid • report's hrther arty and what im-
provements could be effected in their supplies. Mr. Clay ex-
pressed his willingiess to this, so far as regards the Grand Junction
Company. Pending these proceedingt, Mt. Peel himself wrote
the following letter to the Board of Management :
Gunsante--On the termination of Parliamentary business,
my attention has been recalled to those 'deponent questions son-
nected with the supply of water to the Metropolis, which have re.
lastly undergone consideriden in the House of linneans; which
have been the subjects of the Bepotta of a Conuninion appoints;
by the Crown and a Committer of the House of Commons • and
`width I hire no- daubs WM-again form a topk of iissious din:anion
so soon as Par/lamest shall resume its labours in mother Session.
" A reterence to what has already passed on this subject, and a
deep centrittien of ha hipeetance toabelnakhmtd etionfort-of the
inhabkants of the Mettopcils, have Wetted nee an nuke the fol-
lowing communication to each of the three Companies which are
imuterned In the supply of that distinct of the Motrepolis which lies
to the north of the names, and west of Touenhans-court-road.
" The first at these districts derives Its supply from the three
Companies to which the present communication addressed ; and
l'apptthind that each of these Companies would batinided, by an
arrangement made among thimaseives, to deliver tattle inhabitants
of each portion of the district which they respectively supply at
pteseot, the water that might be' derived 'how nay new sourer,
supposing suck to be diecoverablei sad to be available within en-
Double limits of expense.
• 'For the purrose of determining whether an unreserved rip-
ply ofnater can be furbished et • modetato charge, I propos. sit
a competent engineer Auld be selected by the Government to
make the nee ssary surtry4lnd to repast whether ■ milli:lent
vanity of water for the um in the Nenhewestorn port et she
Mandrills can be takes, either Iran the Thames above Richest ad
er frelsi'the Rita Cohn, lad what wool. Mort' prohibit test et
salting k from althorn those sources ; and. that the entimelle of
making such surveys and estimates, should be horse by Ihe Com-
01Wm which now leopply* the district of the Metropolis above re-
feltuito, Able by equal coutributioss towardribe• elpiase, or
b seek peoretitued contributions as may be !weed ups by the
" • •
" of this letter has bees addressed by as to the Mail-
man and ors 'of the West Middlesex, sad Of the Chelan
Wieei Woflcs' Cornpatiles ; and Vile, to suggenthe eripiriey
'of an duty conference on the pert of the has Wan •Ositspanirs
upon the subject.
• " I have the honour to be, Ste.
(Signed) " ROBERT PEEL.
" Whitehall, July 22.11121."
POMO' to the suggestion of Mr. Peel, the Directors sought a
ettahtmieistrith the Ditecton of the Cheese% sad West Middlesex
0111pesies. M which they declined the •proptisiden' of the Ilan.
Secretary for the Dome Department. •
All Vita on the pan of the Companies obtaining leave to. lay a
pip on the Crow. Lands* Ifiehmond hiving heels negatived by
Msjeety's Government, the Company procured a. ant a short
`aishence from Richmond, sod so many miles above. the reach
of the Leaden dminsge, as, in dteirudolon, would vet at rest the
parity of their site. 'I he coot of such a peso was estimated at *out
WOOL •To meet this, 10,0001. wee proposed to belakesi from
the reserve fund—other available- ameis would fans a fund I,l*
o,oool.—and a crestion• of shares would** the below. By
"thiw entureing the source of supply tea Wife Meter op 'die
Thames, Ind also Altering the water be be dOlNeoleka email ul •
Crean et rate might fairly be levied. • •
Several Proplielott lamented the non-cmscurreoce of the Go-
' ierdasent In. the Ohre linniosedj add, aft* thanks * the Chair-
inflcfbe 11)biev6011. ''•• • • ' • 1, •

~~

,
5

~~\..

• - A

THE EVENING STAR.

-

FRIDAY, AUGUST 7.
PRICE OT STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 214 India Bonds 59 56
3 per Cent. Red. 891 1 1 South Sea Stock
3 per Ct. Cons. sal 4 Old Annuities
34 per Cent. 18111, 984 1 New ditto
31 per Cent. Red. 9S 1 1 3 per Cent. 1751,
4 per Ct. New.lo2/ 4 .11000 Exckeq.Bills 7S 74
4 per Cent. 1826, 1051 4 1 .1500 Ditto
Long Ann. i 1100 and .1200 Ditto 7S 76
India Stock 1 Consols for Acet. 884 1 1
FOIIRION PIINDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Milian Bonds, 6 per Ct. 161 ituss.lils,lB2ll, 5 pC. 1091
D knish lids. 3 p Ct. 694 Do. Acct.
Mex.Bds, 5 p Ct. Fr. Rents, 5 p Ct. 109 f 75e she
Do. Mk. 1825, 6 p Ct. 181 Exchange, 25f 554
BRITISH AND FORICION SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.

tkazillan

Ditto ?Jadeite!
Hibernian
!teal del Monte

SNARE. PAID.
35 20 70
23 74 104
50 9 14
400 400 62i

Negotiations are still talked of, between the Porte and
Russia; and it is affirmed, in a letter from Augsburg,
that the Porte—growing wiser from the experience of its
late revolts—is not so indisposed to listen to conditions,
now that some of its strongest places have fallen, and
the key to the Balkan is in the hands of Russia. Ge-
neral DIERITSCII is said to be advancing across it with
40,000 men, and Adrianople is expecting the in-
vaders. If such, indeed, be the relative position of
the belligerents—and the probabilities are greatly for it—
there is good cause for the language of Turkey to
change; since it can be only through the interposition of
the Mediators, that her political existence will be saved.
Nor have we any objection, as we said yesterday, to
become parties to her temporary rescue; seeing that it
will be convenient—in the actual circumstances of Eu-

rope to uphold her yet against the ambition of the Czars.
But after a season, when the independence of Greece
shall have acquired stability, and other influences and
modifications shall begin to tell upon the political Go-
vernments around her, the sufferance of Turkey in Europe
will be dealt with more decidedly. In the meantime,
we have remarked with great pleasure an argument
in the Times this morning, which is quite coincidental
with our own views and insistences yesterday, concerning
the enlargement of Greece. How, indeed, could it
escape our enlightened contemporary, that the more soli-
dity and territorial extension we give to her, the greater
must be her consideration and consequence among the
many surrounding States, into whose interests and policy
she must become otherwise—by her locality—so veneered
and dovetailed, as would render her rather an auxiliary,
than a stumbling block to eastern despotism.
Adverting evidently to what fell from us yesterday,
the Times observes : " It would not be consistent with
the general policy of Europe • it would be contrary to
the declaration of the Duke of WELLINGTON—to
suffer Turkey to' be extinguished as an independent
State: and yet if Greece is to have all the
southern part of Turkey in Europe, and Russia
all the northern, we do not see what will remain."
Let us not be misunderstood. We are not the advocates

of any present partition of Turkey, any more than
the Times. We feel, also, with him, that it is not con-
sistent with the policy of Europe now. It is, therefore,'
that we call out only for the curtailment of Turkish
dominion at present, and the maintenance of MA
ei Mott n--
in sincere amity and alliance with emancipated Greece
—in such an attitude of strength, as will present an im-
passable frontier line to the encroachments of Russia.
As to the Duke of WELLINGTON'S declaration—any
further than it happens to comport with the policy most
advantageous for the great interests at issue—we should
never even think of quoting it.

The second series of the letters of LUSITANCS on the
Portuguese question is concluded in our Paper of to-day.
We shall offer our own views upon this interesting sub-
ject on Monday next : in the meanwhile we rest satisfied
that the powerful appeal, as well as arguments, of our
distinguished Correspondent will not be without their
. weight in the bosoms of Ministers, nor be lost upon the
judgment of the country.

We insert elsewhere the first of a series of accounts, re-
lating to the extent and value of the hos TRADE in
Great Britain. We are indebted for them to the same
Correspondent, by whom we were favoured three
weeks ago with a statement concerning the growth,
culture, and .price of Hors, which appeared in our
Paper of the 17th ultimo, and attracted great atten-
tion. We regard the whole as the most interesting series
of statistical documents that ever came before us ; and
when we add, that they are from the same ce-
lebrated pen which has produced the STATISTICS
OF THE BRITISH EM PIKE -of which such ho-
nourable mention is made in our Common Council
report to-day—we feel that any commendation
from us would be superfluous. The second insertion of
• this 'Aeries will appear on Monday ; and due notice will
be given, progressively, of the appearance of each suc-
ceeding paper.

The Austrian Observer of the 27th July has a very
interesting letter from F4rina, on the present condition of

Greece. Here we have set down the strength and posi-
tion of the forces of the poor Greeks ; and the wonder is,
that with such limited resources, scattered here and
there, they have not been long since totally annihilated.
•-'Befure proceeding to quote the Egina letter, we have
to reprint, from a Morning Paper, the following notice;
purporting to be the " Powers given by the Corinthiani
to their Representatives." It is to this effect :
" After a slavery of 400 years. and after eight years attiknzhx
and confusion, which leave reduced the country in general. and owl
?mice is particular, to the brink of destructive, his Excellency,

tor President, case to &este, and baa beasts ore caisson

father and benefactor—and we are happy.
The 'beton of the chief towns, and the other electors of the
province have met together, in pursuance of the order of his Ex-
cellency, io order to select Representatives for the Fourth Na-
timbal Assembly, and we have chosen by a majority, and appointed
Messrs. G. Zogrupolon, George Xyleri, Tsolacoptdoo. and Pane -
glottis, who will proceed to the Assembly ; Aod-
1. They will agree with the other Members in all that may fur.
thee the comma advantages of our country, and the private in-
terests of our province.

2. They must agree with an that the President of Greece pro-
poses, both in what concerns foreign affairs and domestic concerns.
3. They have no authority to give an opinion contrary to the
wW of the President—and, if they do so, their powers become in-
validated.

4. They must not dare to displease his Excellency by taking
part in factions, or in the renewal of old projects."
VIENNA, Jutor 46.
EXTRACT OF ♦ tarns ►LOX soma, JUNI W.

M. Achille de Rouen, French resident accredited to the Govern-
ment here, arrived this morning on board La Vistorieuse from
Toulon, where be embarked on the in. The Marquis of Valney,
who has acted for a time as resident, remains as secretary to the
mission to which M. Mertrude (formerly in Patras) is to be inter-
preter. Mr. Dawkins, the English resident, who went to Smyrna
to wait on Mr. Gordon, and accompanied him to the Dardanelles,
has just returned to this place. The Albanian Chief Silihdar Pods
has just been appointed by the Porte Doreen Aga; and also. as
we bear, Commander of a new expedition against the Greeks
on the Continent. Twenty of his companies, amounting to
about three thousand men, have taken the place of the Turks 1
hitherto stationed at Zeitouni, who are gone to Macedo-
nia, probably to reinforce the army of the Grand Visier.H
These new troops have not yet passed the Sperchino. In the defiles
of Mount Oeta there are few Greeks, and some apprehensions are
therefore felt in Livadia of a new invasion by the enemy. 'There
are frequent skirmishes about Thebes. which the Turks still hold.
—Grimiest' was vigorously attacked in his entrenchments at
Aniforiti by the Turks, to whose assistance Omer Puha of
Negropoot had detached s small body of cavalry to the rear
of the position of the Greeks. The Wm, however. defended
themselves bravely. and compelled the Turks to retreat, who are
said to have lost 250 men on this occasion. Vasso (the Monte-
negrin) is still in his entrenchments before Kettle, on the border
of the plain of Athens. t All these Greek corps are not strong.
Vasso may have 1,100 or 1,400 men ; Ypsilanti, before Thebes,,
1,200 or 1,500; and Grisslotti, 700 men. In the positions to the
south of the Sperchius, there may be about 2,000 men. The
cavalry and some corps of infantry have hitherto been posted about
Lepanto; the former is said lately to have set out for the western
provinces. The troops are in want of every thing, and their pay
is several months In arrear ; they are therefore very discontented,
and particularly discontented with Augustin Cape d'lstrias, who
was sent by his brother, the President, as Commissioner to the
Provinces of the Greek Continent, and met with no very good re-
ception from the first—especially from Ypsilanti. who has the
chief command in Eastern Greece. The troops in Western Greece
are wider the command of General Deane!, during the absence of
General Church, who is gone to Rgina. Colonel Heideuer ap
pears now resolved to leave Greece. It is said that a French Co.
load, named blaugin, who came with the French expedition to
the Mores, is to have the command of the Greek regular troops.
The President is still at Napoli, and seems to wait for the termi-
nation of the election of Deputies to the National Assembly, which
Is soon to meet at Argos. In mat places the elections are over,
and in penal. particularly in the Peloponnesus, they are said to
have tamed out to the satisfaction of the President.

VlOlll.ll. JULY 27.—MetaSipes, 99 5.16; Beak Shares,l,ls9 ;
is due evening, 1.137 e.

t The Mamma Cesare of Grace of ISth June, says, that the
Turkish garrison of Athens, 3,000 strong, bad made a sally on the
ildt, and attac►ed Vauo's troops in the monastery of St. John
(upon a mountain to the north-east of Athens), but that they were
repulsed with the loss of 80 men killed and wounded, and two
cannon.

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE
PARIS, AtIOUST 5.

A report has got about that the Bniperor Nicholas has fallen
dangerously sick in a little tillage in Bessarabia. The appointment
of Prince Polignac to the Ministry is announced as certain. '
A llyemeine Zeituny.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jute 10.

Since the return of the Grand Vizier to Shumla, nothing (unbar
has transpired of the military movements, occasioned by the disas-
ters of the 1 ith. This silence, which otherwise would be counted
an IS own, was considered less suspicious, as reposing upon the
negotiations commenced between the Russian commander and the
Grand Vizier. The hopes which people began to build upon these
segociatlons, were raised by the speedy dispatch of the Porte Dra-
gomen, !shah Effendi to the furbish camp, as also by the
circumstance of the recal from exile, and the arrival in the
Capital of the former Plenipotentiary of the Porte, at Acker.
Hedy Effendi. But it is now known from a good
source that this attempt at a friendly approximation has failed, and
that the negotiations are broken off. We learn also that all the
disposable forces in Rumella and Asia Minor are ordered to join
the army at the Balkan, and that the urgent commands have been
issued to the Governors of the Province., to hasten as much as
possible the raising of the recruits for the regular militia. At the
sante time there is a brisk outfitting of artillery, munition
and arms from the depots here; in short, every effort is mad. to
supply the losses of men and materiel, suffered by the grand arm y
in the late defeats. Upon the side of the Ituaans, they seem to
have taken advantage of their victory near Madera, to posies
themselves of several important positions about Shars, such as
Estkistantbol, upon the high toad to Constantinople.
On the 6th the new English Ambassador had his formal opening
audience of the Kairnakan, acting as proxy for the Grand Vizier,
and the day after a private conference with the Reis Effendi.—
Yesterday the first formal conference of this Minister with the
English and French Ambassadors took p 1 .ce at a country house
near Skutari. The Porte is generally understood to show little
disposition to accede to the propositions made by the Ambassadors
in the name of their Courts, touching the settlement of the Greek
question. On the 13th the itoglith Ambassador is to have his so-
lemn audience of the Grand &isnot at the camp on the plains of
Bujukdere.
On the Bth a new frigate of 68 guns was turned off at the arsena
'here. From the provinces, as also front the seat of war in Asia,
there is uo intelligence, for a long time, passing, of any consequence
Gazetta de Milano-o-Gazetta de Firenze.

On the evenings of the 13th and lath inst. his Excellency Bur-
gerock gave, with his usual splendour, two per, at each of which
was executed a mass in music, lately composed by his Excellency.
It is surprising how wonderfully the noble author, already illus-
trious for his dramatic productions. has succeeded at the very first
essay, in a style so totally different as is sacred music. Eloquent
as be has shown himseit before in the tender and energetic expres-
sion suited to scenic effect, he is no less admirable in giving a due
utterance in a majestic and severe style to the grave and profound
sentiments which religion inspires • preserving himself in this from
the error of so many of our modern composers, who confound
both styles.
The pens fagged were particularly admired for their superb
effect; one at the end of Gioia it Eccelsis, and two in the Clyde.
The canons also are extremely beautiful. The singers were the
same that performed the other pieces at his Lordship--all, both
Ladies and Gentlemen, foreigners and natives, deleitauti, with a few
professors—they sustained with a laudable emulation the task they
courteously assumed, amidst the continued applause of a highly
tespectable and numerous, though select, company.
Accounts from Lisbon, via France, of the 15th July,
state, that the discontent of the above Capital daily in-1
creases, caused by the extreme misery. Latterly Don
Migisel was walking on the Quay of Belem, where he
was surrounded by a mob, calling out to Don Miguel,
" You are destroying Portugal, and we shall soon perish
with hunger." The wretched state of the prisoners is
beyond description. The unfortunate Colonel Pinto and
Don Joseph de Sauzu, sent a Petition to Don Miguel,
soliciting him to have them put to death, as their torture
and bitter confinement surpassed every cruelty. Orders
have been sent to Oporto to judge 16 Portuguese.

CITY. Twarms o'CLoca.

Comb opened tbis morning at Sul to 119 foe the Account; but
Soso after the market receded to sti 4, supposed to be owing to
the Express from Paris. staring that the negodadews between the
Russians and the Turks were bribes. of
IProcrastlnatioa is generally the order of the day with the Thrits,
which the Russians are aware ef, and will sot grant an armistice
bat en solid grounds, which no doubt the Turks have demanded.
We may, therefore, soon expect to bear of another desperate battle.
In the Foreign Market nothing b doing at present, sod prices
are nominal.

CITY, HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.

Camels have been fluctuating daring the incasing between of
and U fer the Acemot, and at present may be quoted 11114 4,
with very little doing.
lc la said that after the express left Paris the Freocb 3 per cents.
fell 90 mots.

In die Foreign !dukes little doing. Portuguese stock has
Improved.

THE KING.

WINDSOR, AUG. 6.—His MAJESTY, accompanied by
the LORD STEWARD, and followed by others of the Royal
suite, drove to Virginia Water yesterday afternoon. His
MAJESTY, on his arrival, went on board the pleasure-
boat, and took an exclusion on the lake ; after which the
KING dined in the marquees, and returned to the Royal
Lodge soon after eight o'clock.
The Duke of WELuxo.rox arrived at the Royal
Lodge yesterday, and had an audience of his MAJESTY;
and, after partaking of refreshments, he returned to
London.

_______
The following distinguished company is expected to
dine and pass this evening with his MAJESTY at the
Royal Lodge :—Earl and Countess HARCOURT, Lord
and Lady MARYBOROUGII, and the Hon. Miss BAGOT.
The Private Band have orders to be in attendance.

lINIMINIMiim

*.,- - " aik -7-)•.11' ,''
tIS f , •••=-: '(,,))) -71 M - S')V.; --‘ekti.)`'
'
?,
ztk' 2 4-TGAS 0:47!).:0-04
6-(' \ 1 ':''' • 'A%
LONDON.
