or, at least, have publicly committed themselves to senti-
ments in direct opposition to each other, could only
originate in what deserves no other word, in the English
language, but faction, or unprincipled opposition ; and we
repeat that we have too high an opinion of Lord GREY and
the party probable to coincide and act with him, or even of
the party likely to be found acting with Lord ELDow,
as to suspect them of ever approximating to such an un-
worthy compact. Were the public characters alluded to,
so abandoned as this conduct would necessarily, in our
opinion, infer, they would at once destroy all their in-
fluence with the people, and all hopes of obtaining or
retaining power ; for the period has come, we sincerely
believe, when no dominant set of men can obtain perma-
nence to their influence in the State, unless they govern
their acts, an great points of principle, in conformity
with the popular voice.
But, critically examined, does not this intelligence from
Brighton involve something like a degrading absurdity ?
We have heard of resolutions to differ on certain sub-
jects, and believe, as in the anecdote of ROUSSEAV,
narrated by MARMONTEL, such agreements, in matter
of mere school-wrangling, have been formed with-
out real moral depravity—but agreements to agree on
matters of serious business, when the parties are
already coincident in opinion, appears to us some-
thing very like nonsense ; and if the paragraph
means agreement to vote together, on questions on which
the parties agree, it can in other words only mean,
agreeing to do their duty, which we can hardly suspect
our Tory Contemporary at Brighton would wish to insi-
nuate, at least his friends are ever deficient in—farlees that,
they would form an agreement to vote with others without
reference to the question—and contrary to their sentiments
As to " watching with a wary eye, the proceedings of
Government, and checking them whenever their mea-
sures may appear wrong," we can have no objections
whatever. We only think it is insulting the parties in
question to report it as a new resolution. In itself it is
certainly a very pious, good resolution ; but has nothing
in it, we hope, very original : and why it is singled out
from among the other devout aspirations and resolves,
which we have no doubt find a place in the morning and
evening prayers of the Honourable Gentlemen alluded to,
we really cannot conceive.
We are apprehensive we have detained the attention
of our readers too long on a paragraph of no authority
and we think no importance, except what it has obtained
by having attracted the notice of the Times.

Among the variety of little points of discussion which
occurred in the course of the Parliamentary proceedings
of last night, had we room, we should be inclined to re-
mark a little upon the Petition from the parishioners of
St. Luke's, against the conduct of the Commission for
Building New Churches. We certainly think that
every friend to the Establishment, must regret any
erroneous selection made by the Commissioners in
the location of new Churches, as such errors must be
productive of discontent ; and we caanot help thinking,
that the numerous hard working population of St. Luke's
parish, have in their petition made out a case meriting the
serious attention of the House. The interest of the
Church of England requires great caution not to alienate
the attachment of its friends ; and we are sorry to say,
that the conduct of the Clergy has often become before
the public in a disputable form. The late transactions
at Hendon, which, have occupied so much room in
the public prints, we think not to the credit of the
party who has been the most noisy. The conduct of the
Bishop of Lox DON in that case, we think has been im-
properly viewed ; and we shall probably take another
opportunity of explaining our opinions on the subject.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened this morning at the same prico they
left off yesterday, 921 for the Account ; and soon after
were done at 92i buyers. This was owing to the Rentes
coming higher from Paris.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing as yet.
Most of the prices are much the same as yesterday.
The estafette from Paris brings the French 3 per cents.
near one per cent. higher, 77-80, owing to a report at
Paris that the expedition had made good their landing on
the coast of Africa.

The following is a passage taken from the electoral
mandement of the Archbishop of Avignon :—" The King
has dissolved the Chambers ! The fate of the monarchy
depends on the choice of the electors : if they select men
acceptable to Gon, France will be saved ; if, on the other
hand, they give their votes to the favourers of new ideas,
hostile to the Bourbons, sighing after a liberty which
would reduce us to a pitiless slavery, such as we have
before experienced, our noble country will soon resemble
that of Algiers."
A Paris Paper says, that the sentiments expressed in
the royal proclamation to the electors, are calculated to
assuage the constitutional alarm which it has been sought,
with so much perseverance, to excite in the minds of the
people; but in their present temper, we question whe-
ther the eloquence of St. Paul himself would ensure the
return of what is called a Royalist Chamber. We un-
derstand, however, from authority, that the Ultra can-
didates, of whatever shade or colour, are likely to be
defeated ; and that the new Chamber will be composed of
Deputies who, seeing the danger of pushing matters too
far, will consent to such a compromise as may ensure the
permanency of the real benefits enjoyed by the country.
CITY, HALF-PAST ONE.

The private letters received this morning from Paris,
state that the rise in the French Funds is owing to an
article in the Atoniteur pf Wednesday, stating that every
elector is free to vote for whom he thinks proper, by
which it will be ascertained the will and true senti-
ments of the nation, as well as their choice in regard
to the Ministry. This liberality on the part of the King
is regarded in Paris by the well-informed, that his Ma-
jesty will conform according to the wishes of his subjects,
by adopting every conciliating measure consistent with
the honour of his Crown.

The Consol market appears to be looking up, and they
have improved to 92f 93 for the Account.
According to the information from Paris, the state of
affairs are becoming more calm, and every thing will go
off more quietly than previously expected.
In the Foreign Market, business is nearly at a stand
still, and the prices are nearly the same as yesterday. In
Shares, little or nothing doing.
