NAVAL IN ELLWENCE.

Famous, Mar S.—Wind S. to S.B.—Of the pott, the Wil-
liam, Ca aroma, from London for Seville. Sailed the Heroine
transport, for Sierra Leone; Kahle do. for Jamaica; Henrietta,
Lam, for Tarragona; and several coasters, bound round land.
POILTSMOTT/L, MAT 6.—Wind S.—Arrived the Cuba, WATSON)
front the Havana', In 59 days • and Britannia. Bonnets, from
London for Bombay. The Royal George, Rginsotas, for India,
has brought up again at Sr. Helen's.
DAM., Mar 6.—Wind S.S.W.—Arrived the Repress, Mawr%
from Gibraltar; Lycurgus, RALIK, from Havre; and the Anne
Nicholais, Tnoasow, from St. Übe's. Passed through from the
River, the Hudson, Ctianrcnt, for New York; Alliance, GRIT•
nuts, for Richebucto I and Salus, Nunn, for Cadiz.
LITZATOOI, MAT &—Wind S.S.W.—Arrived the Frances,
Gir.r.eser, from Barbadoes ; Ann, CLusawis from Bahia—sailed
oth March ; Douro, BELT, from ()orto; Caroline, Loaraa, from
Dantzic ; Douglas, Davies, from Bourdeaux ; and Mary, MAIN
front Guernsey.

BRIGH*TON, MA Y 6.

The good people here seem to have been seized all at once with
a mania for Church and Chapel budding. Independently of the
Parish Church and two Chapels of Rase, there has recently been
opened another (St. Margaret's), and there are actually at this
moment, in course of erection, St. Peter's Church. St. George's
Chapel, and another on the lawn in front of the Earl of Egreniont's
house t besides all which, another is talked of, at the western ex-
tremity of the town.
- Inns. Frranzaszse and Miss Sansone are still here. The Lon-
don Papers have lately announced that the beautiful villa of the
former Lady, on the banks of the Thames, is about to be sold by
ancdon. You may rely spots it this is not true.
Among the recent arrivals is Sir THOMAS Hawse, who has taken
a house in Regency-square. The Duke and Duchess of Elaisu.ses
(*copy a large mansion on the West Cliff; and her Grace is daily
seen riding in the "streets, attended by her two Swiss- eervants ; the
peculiarity of the equipage attracts much observation.
The late rains have had a most wonderful effect upon agricultdre
throughout the County of Sussex.

France, Spain, Portugal, Holland, and Brazil, all
have been, and are apparently to this hour, disgraced
by the stibserviency of their national colours to the
avarice of dealers in Negro blood, and by the atrocious Lted BEXLEY entertained a distinguished Party to
diligence of their subjects in the work of desolation dinner, yesterday, at his house in Great George-st. Westminster.
throughout Africa. The evidence before ns is not to The Earl of ANNEBLIY is seriously indisposed, at his
seat, Castle Wellan in the county of Down. The loss be haslately
be in the death' of his father and brother,.
has tended
be questioned, that wars are perpetually instigated forgreatly
the supply of slaves, who are furnished in such abun. to impair bis health. .
The Countess bee= gave the grandest ball of the season Thars-
dance, that the price to the slave-merchant varies only da
y evening, at Ashburn ham-house. The six drawing-moms were
from half a dollar to between two•and three dollars most brilliantly illuminated, and were decorated with numerous
pots of the choicest lowers. The supper and dessert embraced every
a piece. delicacy, and the whole was upon the most splendid scale.
What, then, becomes of the beings thus wrested The Duke of Mummer gave his first assembly for' the season,
almost out of the keeping of their MAKER? They are yesterday evenhsg. at Devonshire-house.
toZeforDthetikeseamuand Dachas of Rename and family have arrived in
crammed—we might say potted—into the hold of a
vessel, where space is assigned to them, and for a voy- %twat TATUM, E.q. Proprietor of the Opera House, died
age, be it rembmbered, across the Atlantic, in the fol- on Sunday, at his apartments in Lambeth : be was burled roar.
lowing proportions: day in a vault in St. Ann's, Soho; be was attended to Ms grave
by Mr. D'Eovu.ca (whom he had appointed one of his executors),
The ship Minerva, of 270 tons, had a passport from the Emperor
of Beam for, 673 slaves, a little inure than one-third of a ton for each ! Capt. TAILOR, his nephew, Mr. SANDELL, and Mr. HAMMON
The brig Cerqueira, of 304 tons, was licensed for 761 slaves ! The his Seeman'. 9
schooner Arols, 106 hien, 270 slaves! Such is the art of potting The Kentish Goedte, aftei giving an account of the
Negroes for use. Upon this subject we quote the following letter honours paid to his Grace the Duke of Noarnomesauuniat Dover,
from that vigilant and able Officer, Commodore BULL/14 C.B. to says-0 We regret to add, that the reception of the representative
J. W. Omega, Esq. dated on board his Majesty's ship Maidstone, of our revered Sovereign, on the other side of the water, was very
flan-of-war Bay, Island of St. Thomas, 234 of September, 1824. different from that described above. Oa the arrival of the vessels
(With one enclosure). at the port of Calais, not a Rag waved (except on board British
1 as I beg lease to enclose an extract of a letter from Captain Weal- ships), not a gun was fired (except by the British convoy), to eel,-
i aembe. stating his baying been so fortunate as to capture the Diana, brace the arrival of him, at the mast of whose yacht the Royal
with 143 slaves on board ; since which,(oo the 13th instant) be sue. Standard of England unfurled its heraldic honours ; three half.
needed in detaining Chdoes Amigos Brasnianos (one of the vessels ragged soldiers formed a miserable mockery of compliment, and
boarded by me off &dairy, and reported to their Lordships in my the representative of the Monarch of Great Britain was escorted
Met of the 22d of July) with 260 slaves, making in all 740 that to his Hotel (where princely preparations had been made at his
this active and valuable (Nicer has been instrumental in liberating expense) by his own domestics, and not a shout announced his
front the worst and most distressing species of slavery. In this welcome. Notwithstanding the coldness of his reception, the Noble
litter be had detailed the extent of human misery experienced by Duke ordered a play, and the representation was attended by a
these unfortunate beings during their passage across the Atlantic; crowded audience, principally composed of English residents."
and on my visiting his last prise, on the 21st, the filthy and horrid From the 15th September, 1823, to the 7th March,
state I foutsd her in beggars all description : many females were far 1824, 182,904 quartets of Wheat, and 594,590 nits. of Flour
advanced in pregllancyt and several had infants of from four to were brought coastways to London ; and from the 15th September,
twelve meths of age; all were crowded together in one mass of 1824, to the 7th March, 1825, the quantity thus brought was—of
living corruption. and yet this vessel had not her prescribed coin- Wheat 241,115 quarters, and 792,397 cwts. of Flour.
plenum by nearly one hundred." The Wellington has arrived from Bombay. She
ENCLOSURE. - ' sailed from Bombay on the 26th December, and from
" Extract of a Letter from Captain Vfoolleombe to -Comntodoreerts is alsoßonen, dated on board his Majesty's sloop Victor, at anchor, Tellichetry on the 15th January. The Hibb
Man-of-war Bay, Island of St. Thontas,2oth August,l324. arrived from Bombay, which settlement she left on the
"In obedience to your otder of the 29th July last, I yesterday Bth January; The Fairlie likewise arrived yesterday
arrived at this anchorage, and immediately commenced -watering, morning : she left Bengal on the 25.1 December, Madras
which I shall have completed by noon, and shall proceed again to
on the 11th January, and St. Helena in March.By
my cruising ground, as seen as the boat returns from the town, the
my
takes this up and lands some Portuguese I have been so for-
innate
received through these vessels, it appears that up
mate as to seize in a Brazilian brigantine,with 143 slaves ou board to the 26th of December there had b-en no further mi- ,
at the time of seizure.
•• Of all vessels I was ever en board of. this was in the most de. Mary operations in the neighbourhood of Rangoon._
vr.r... condition: the stench, from the accumulation of dirt, S-
'2oth Regiment from Cananore and another Ki s
venal reinforcements had joined the espedition.—The
to that of so many human beings packed together in a small g
epee (the men an ironed in pairs), was intolerable ; and to add to Regiment from Ceylon, were also daily expected. o
, l
this scene ot misery, the small-pox had broken out among
them; advice. had been received of the advance of the troops
sine had died before we took possession, and one almost imme- At-Chittagong. . • lock, the
diately after our first boat get alongside." Ti is morning, between one and two o'c
Well may they calculate, that one cargo in four escaping, consti-
tutes a profitable trade, when the prime cost of what, accost:in to Metropolis.
was visited with several loud peals of than-
the odious jargon of the villains who engage in it, is termed der And vivili Rashes of lightning, which continued at
" ebony," averages little more than a dollar each " log" (human
body), and brings at the Hay amtah between two and three hundred.
Well, also, may the slave-dealer speculate on the log of one-half'.f n tery al, for
the tortured creatures by death before they reach the market, when A •
ofnea_rly half an hour. The thunder storm
extended in some directions fifty miles from London,
and was followed by a great fall 4 rair .
we have at such authority as that of Captain Woinmeoinnt, a ac. A verdict manslaughter nits yesterday returned against a
«r It of their coat eyanee thither. young woman named Matilda Hawasom. of Botwkk-street Soho,
It appears, from a Lunde t Captain Owen, to the Admiralty,. whose Weeniest* child was footed in the privy. She had mingled
that in two ports only, under/ the dominion of Portugal the child's birthond positively declared drat dm was not pressam.
.
