TO HIS FOLLOW-COUNTRYkIEN.

41 FELLOW-COUNTRYMEN—The flag of the Republic
floats on the Castle of ILJIIna. I announce to you with
indescribable pleasure, that at the end of 304 years the
standards cf Castile have disappeared from our shores.
" It was my first case, on succeeding to the seat of
pooer by your free election; to declare, with an absolute
confiJence founded ran your valour, that the obstinate
Iberian would reduce his dominions within their ancient
limits. The day of so much glory and so much hap-
• country has now arrived.
Na--By the path ot biood,traced in the town
mu marched to obtain a decisive triumph. It
the life of your heroes, the sacrifice of
victims, the ruin and the conflagration of
Despotisokhas been extinguished in a sea
tears
;rim, the illustitous Vera Cruz, supporting
' cause, has brought t.ris glorious wink to a
There a halidtul of brave men, sour.
•clyna•e, and with death in all its aspects,
do the ash. s ul that heroic city. A page
horrorof Kill eternally pre•erve the me•
moo, of the invincible people who braved by their own
Ince, and deprived of all the tesouices of w.,r, the ex-

tremities which the hopes of tyranny dared to threaten.
Vera Cruz has acquired an immortal renown, which
will extend its glory to the remotest corners of the
earth. It deserves the national gratitude. 1 have.beren
a witness of its unlimited sufferings : the highest autho-
dries of the nation are acquainted with it. Vera Crux
may hope for everything from theif justice and esteem.
46 FULLOW COVNTRIMIN—The providence of the
ETIMNAL has produced an order of things entirely new.
All wounds are closed—all distrust and jealousy have
disappeared. Wherever we direct our eyes, we see only
brothers and friends. All opinions, all sects, all parties
group themselves around the national flag ungrounded
feats and hopeless sedition will never return to disturb
the repose of the great family: Passions have died;
union founds its r iglus on common interests, on generous
principle:, and on your noble dispositions.. Unhappy
he be who will sow discord; more unhappy still
would he be who would break your fratet nal bonds : the
country will avenge its wrongs.
" My friends, the pass belongs to the domain of his-
`tory ;'to you it beloats to secure a futurity of happiness
And prosperity. Time is short ; and Mexico by pour
hands, will be raised to the summit of its destinie-...
Who does not now begip to.see the endless pi egression
of our power, of our trade, and our felicity ?
" Mexico, presenting one aspect to Europe, and
anotl.er to Asia, offers the riches of her virgin bosom
for the reciprocal commerce, relations, and utility of
mankind. Mexico, rising from the degradation of
slavery with the majesty of free nations, ancient and
modern, displaysa sublime and august character, which
policy has subjected to its calculations, and Cabinets to
their views. The Spanish Colossus, pressed by its own
weight, has fallen; great nations have arisen from its
ruins—Mexico raises its head : the feeling of .its dig-
nity occupies the world. This, fellow-citizens, is the
work of your hands.
" My friends, in communicating to you this intelli-
gence of unspeakable importance, I furnish to the na-
tion an account of my cares and my era:ions. Now
that the issue corresponds to my wishes, I feel a pride
in what I have done; and I may be permitted to con-
gratulate myself, that the year 1825 approaches: a ter.
minstion as happy and prosperous as its commencer
merit. Still, the nation may yet gather laurels in a
wide field, if the Cabinets of Europe co form to the
light of the age, and accommodate their policy to in-
tereAs so *solemnly sanctioned on this continent. We
shall cultivate the free relaiions of peace and friendship
with all the world. This great Republic will be not
less esteemed and applauded for the richness of its soil,
than for the equity Afid benevolence of the citizens
who compose it. Mesicans! an epoch approaches of
boundless felicity.
" Glory, fellow-citizens, to the brave General who
has terminated the labour of four years by the conquest
of this hostile fortress. Glory and honour to the brave
who there have purchased this day of national joy with
their fatigues, their blood, and their heroic sufferings.
A grateful counfsy. duly estimating their services, will
know how to reward them.

•

" Fellow-citizens! Long live the Mexican RepoliTic!
(Signed) " GUADALUPE VICTORIA.
" Mexico, No ember x 3, Las." -

icontestibly proved the superior
pines for our c
iof Cosies, Cocoas, and ASTI*. - ..
gentle expectoration, it very 66 riIaXICA We
ight or recent Cold, and ato of Dolores, you
ere those whkli Deg hae has cost you th
e, and which are iftlllluserable vi
I other serionleyniplcalialrllr
el softness, and &Barak • flint limn's- •
; and in AubtaatiCuireafani ai blood and to
• •
ads. • " Vora Cruz
1. 9d. by Boasts, Cheinlits;'' •
lid 54, Sackilhe-ureic. Di the wational ca
street, And no, Regent-sir A oustelotion• T
riders throughout the Unit ciiiietwitli the '1
I, BUTLERS' BALS4,III 4,4l,,gilumplted
~, lloarsene,4,&c. anlfidorr - of sorrow And •
and protecting iu organs from
.;,,w
of the inn
