MEN OF ENGLAND-A SONG.
By T. CAII/112114.

Yen of England! willb Ink&

Rights that cow your Sires their blood!
Men whose unditenerate spirit
Has been proved on land and flood !
By the foe► ye've fought uncounted,
By the glorious deeds ye've done,
Trophies eaptured—.breaches mounted—*
Navies cooqueed--hingdonts won !
Yet, remember, England gathers
Hence but fruitless wreaths of fame,
If the patriotism of your Fathers
Glows not In your hearts the same !
What are monuments of bravery,
Where us public virtues bloom ?
What avail in lands of slavery,
Trophied temples, arch, and tomb?
iPagerdlla ! let the world revere us

For our people's rights and laws ;
And the breasts of civic heroes

Bared in Freedom's holy cause
tours are Hampden's, Russell's &rye—
Sydney's matchless abide is yours;
Martyrs in heroic story,
Worth a hundred Agineourts !.
We're the Sons of Sires that bated

Ctown'd and mitred tyranny :
They defied tie field and scaffold
for their birthrights—so wall we !

PARLIA MEN I'ARY PAPER.

The Seventh Report of the Committee of the Society for the Im-
provement of Prism Discipline, and for the Reformation of
Jolkolle Cleceden. •

DURHAM.
DURUARI COUNTY GAOL AND DOM tor coaaacrtote.
JANUARY, 1826.
But little alteration has taken place in the construc-
tion of this prison since the la 4 Report. Divisions have
been made in the Courts for two addi:ional classes.
The prisoners continue to be employed at the tread-
mill, also in weaving and breaking flax, and making
coarse sacking. The females are employed in washing
and repairing the clothes for the prison service. The
number of prisoners employed at the present time is 128.
There are two separate tread-wheels, which are divi-
ded into four classes. Twenty-four prisoners work on
the wheel at one time, and eight are off as relays, but
in very hot weather twenty work on the wheel, and
twelve are off as relays. The hours of labour are eight
in summer; and in winter from nine oclock until
twelve in the forenoon, and from one o'clock for a pe-
tiod as long as daylight wilt allow: the relays rest ten
minutes. The diameter of the wheels is 7 feet 7} inches,
and the distance between the steps is 7 inches.
The dietary remains as before ; the cost is 25. lOJ. per
head weekly, The chaplain and schoolmaster attend
daily at the prison to give instruction. The Chaplain
teports that fifty-eight prisoners are in the school, of
whom twenty-six bare been taught to read and write.
The number of prisoners in confinement at Michael
mos 1824 was 128: at Michaelmas 1825 the number
was 178.

The greatest number in confinement at one time in
the last year was 183, and the whole number commit-
ted during the year was 690. The •number of re tom-
:pitta's during the same period WAS 39.
Several prisoners have produced the necessary certi-
'Scare alluded to in the fo'imer llei.orts, and eleven have
in consequence received the donati..n allowed by the
Dean and Chapter of Durham.
_ .

Crime is supposed to be on the increase in this dis-
tiler, from ;he great increase of population in the sea-
port twain and colLeties.

NATUR;iL CURIOSITY.

A short time since the workmen employed in im-
proving the navigation of the river Ouse. under the
direction of that able engineer, Mr. Elman, discovered
in the blue silt that forms the alluvial plain through
which the river flows, the bones and antlers of a deer of
a very large size. This discovery was made at a place
called the Pool•bar, the skeleton bang imbedded in a
sandy clay two or three feet below the bed of the river.
The antlers ate remarkably perfect and elegunt,
swing three feet two inches at their greatest width;
and most of the bones are in the possession of Mr. Ell-
man, of North-street, Brighton. Hitherto but few
reinains have been discovered in the immense bed
of silt that fills up the valley of the chalk, and
forms Lewes Levels. Many years since a rude oaken
coffin, containing a human skeleton (the bones and
teeth of which were tinged of a dark bluish colour) was
found in it; and trunks of trees are said to have been
occasionally met with. The skull of a large porpoise
was found in the silt near the mouth of the Quckmere;
the rib of a whale in the mud near Shoreham Bridge;
and a fragment of a large bone found in Lewes Levels
is in the possession of Mr. Ellonan; the latter Mr. Man•
te.l has azcertained to be that part of the skull of the;
Sea Unicorn (51onodou monoceres) which is situated
immediately above the beautiful horn wi h which that
arimal is furnished. These, we believe, are the only
remarkable remains that have hitherto been found in
the alluvial depositions of that part of Sussex.
