• , . .•
Attacks ' us the career cif ilte.EXecu tive
•
PARLIAMENTAR r PROCEEDINGS. *en th&in
trovernment ; on the contrary, every, thing had been
—.,... ..
voted in a manner by acclamation ;it *ould then bg
HOUSE .OF LORDS, DECEMBER 20.
The Royal Assent was given by Comm n ildle- issio to the tho more unseemly for Ministers to say, a Now Yoh'
hive given us all we wanted, wa ill ill do withodi
quer Bills, the French Wine Duty, Home-made Spir:ts, Inter- f , .
change, the Frame Breaking, Ports:nouth Works, and io four YOU, There were tinny, thiogs in the .cOtirse of
other Bills of a private or focal na'ure. The Lords Commis- i Parliamentary business to which the attention of Go.
sinners were the I erd Chancellsr, the Earl of Chatham, Ina vernment was necessary to be called. He *misted
Lord Walsingham i
they did not fix their eves so intensely tikon the blaze
The I louse then adjourned for some time Suring pleasure, and ! of
resumed shortly befere five o'clock. 1 glory fromthe I! .tat os to suspend or darkest their
1 eisioo with respott to every thing else. There were
DECLARATION OF THE ALLIES. !many points, cars n in - a belligerent vie*, in which
Lord HOLLAND, seeing a Noble Earl (of Li- !the conduct of tio, Government required consi4etits
verpool) in his place, said, he rose to put an itri;;or. • tion. Upon a former occasion, he felt it his duty. to
tint question, which possibly he sbonld not have ono.. call the attention of the House to tile conduct of the
theropportunity for sonoe time. What he wished to I war. with respect tti America I that point scented'
be informed was, Whether a paper, lately published, istiil to merit their st rious considerationui-stpecially_
entitled a if Declaration of the Allied Powers," was when it was probablo that no pert of liie It4esty's
authentic or nor ? It contairicd antong other imp!, I domihions on that Continent were safe, but, perhaps-,1,
taut points, the following allegation : "The first use I the fortress of Qtiebec.. By what .be then tad,. be-
which their Imperial and Royal .tvlajesties have made meant not tp pledgelii mielf specifically tehrioging4
1
of victory, has b .-.31 to veer peace to his-Majesty the Comma' the subject; bet, if their. LoAdship should
Emperor.sg Oa, r.4iaciS,!':--ta it. einsitired for theptlr. not Meet •agaiiroititil the 'hoed iffaiii‘ Tie opir*Ortu-'4
pose of hnowing, first, whether the Government of Inities for stleJt discussions a-oulii be much dirisitikshej
this country was a party to that proceeding, or agreed land curtailed. The reititiae of official business; he
to it ; or whether the House and the. public were to repeated, was not the only duty or call which 'Par-
understand that the offer hadibison rejectedonod it an
'i liameut had to attend to: ,Varioits occasions' would •
overture had been made for the Lwriiote of leading ' present themselvs.. Such questions, fur ilistauce, as
1 to the establishment of race t !his Noble Friend bad put theft evening, the subject
rhe Earl of LIVERPOOL stated, that with re- int. our Continental relations and the concerns of Ha--
spect to the Noble Baron% first question, whether the 110Ver. Might call for Parliamentary' observations
document re;orred to was Atlielitic or not, he had no within the proposed interval. The circumstance of
diffiEuity in saying that it was an authentic paper.--j the conteniaat or pia:ticable attendance of the Irish
With regardao the next point, he had no hesitation Members of Parliament. was also a subject of no light
importance. It was well known that the interval be-
anyin saying, that the document had been issued without
previous communication reTsctiog the circum- tween Christmas and the Assizes was that in. which
,they could most cofiveniently attend. 'rliz..re was
stance to this country ; at the same time, lie thought
it incumbent on him to say, that the Allied Powers ',pother point of great importance, to which he could
were in full i.:,ssession of the sootiments of his Ma- not help being surprised the attention of their Lord-
jesty'sships bad not been called, 'viz. the consequences of
Government on all the points to which that
paper referred.. With respect, however, to the •ither the,unportatiose of foreign corn ; under _the present
. abundant harvest, it is natural the price of that "great
questions. of the Noble Lord, he must, from a sense
and important article should be low. But the sub-
of public duty, and which their Lordships generally I
'stantial interests of the - British firmer was .a point
must, he thought, feel the propriety of, abstain from
giving au answer. he thought well worthy the attention of Parliament;
The Earl of DARNLEY wished to enq'iire ohe. ,and the Noble Etrl seemed to express hit capioion,
circumstance of the price of corn was one
Cher in point of fact the offer had h.:eli nook, and ;that the
was rejected ? which had no null effect with. regard to the .capabi-
The Earl of LIVERPOOL conceivei that, under
lities of the empire to meet those great difficuhies it
I
Iliad to strtiggle with. The state of Ireland ulsO,
the ciicurastances of the case, the qusstice was one
that he was no: bound to answer.- . i with tespeco to its agricultural interest;, and as likely
Lord HOLLAND expressed his understanding of :ii be affected by the circumstance to w::ich he had
alluded, was, he thought, -worthy of the serious at-
the Noble Earl Opposite to be, that the- Paper was
his Ma. tection of the Legishure. He thought the House
authentic, but that to that particular paper,
he wished did not Con istently agree to so very long on
jesty's Government were not parties: 'But adjourn-
to know whether they were to understand, that the ment, in favour of which he heard no coe argument,
declaration contained the sentiments of his Majesty's th save that of convenience, aileged. He should ere-
'lore move to amend the Noble E LA's menson,4 sub.
Gernovuedrn.mizit,;
uiniicthihaert
.cinaset
I,l.:driteinoethwerasq
made,
pt-
antil d f stituting, for the Ist of March; f; the Ist day of Feb-
. - .
rejected or suit ? ruary 'nest."
The Earl of LIVERPOOL thought that part of I On the-question being regullily put. . • s
the consideration amounted to the point, whether his ! Lord HOLLAND said, in every view he could
Majesty's Government were tot), direct parties to ti.e take of the question, he certainly should vote for the
document : reosecting that, the fact .tas, that it had i mei:daunt proposed 'by his Noble Friend. It was
,nor, lie observed. in what had been dune atone, that
been prepared at Vrankto: t, and issued previous to
their• being apprised of it. the St:fiSe and feeling of Parliament,- with respect to
Here the conversation closed. i the present auspicious and eveaftal period, was niani-
•THE ADJOURNMENT. • - ,fested.; they spewed themselves fully as ranch in
? what sits /14 done. By what their Lordships were
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, he then rose to I
now called upon to agree to, the responsibility would
propose that the House should adjourn over until the be taken from the* Executive Government; And Theta
first day of March, and on milk!) occasion he begged i pen Parliament. He felt it his duty to. oppose an
leave to state, generally, the grounds upon which 1 adjournment of suds Uljtlttlal and unnecessary a
such a proceeding was adopted. Their Lordships Ileagth: Ai the same time, when he should adv.rt Ao
well knew that Parliament in its present Session bad the immense sacrifices which bad been Mode by Par-.
assembled at a much earlierprriod than was usual, lianieta pending its present Session, and the measures
and since that time a much greater. portion of busi• so cordially voted by. both House:, lie wished nut
ness was transacted than was generally transacted to be understood as conveying the slightest censure.
previous to the Ist *of blare!), and mote days of sit- on these measures. The concurrent which lie had
ting for such business had taken place than was afforded to them, was founded on the general state of
usual in that interval. This anion other reasons, Earope, and in saute Measure also, h was strengthehed
was adapted to enable Porliattient to class its labours by the conduct of his Majesty's Government. lic
for the year at a period correspondently early.--s declared from the bOttcim of his heart, that no man
Though a great portion ti the giner.ll public bust- could feel more rejoiced thin himself, at those great
ness for the Session had been transacted, yet his Ma- ; and cheering events, which were' s() deservedly the
jesty'sGovetument were not bound by so doing, froth ! theme of .general j 7 and exultetionea.:(Hear, hear.)
their making.such subsequent arrangements, or pros I—He hod been brought up isi.a school of politic',
posing further measures fur the consideration and I wherein he was taught to look with indignation and
adoption of Parliament, should circumstances render horror on any great encroachment, proceeding from
advisable or necessary, And in this pdint of view, what side itniay, against the natural liberty of na-
no very material difference may. take place with re-
jtions. On this ground and principle, Wile had re-
spect to the duration of the Session. " But under die] oiced iii the retreat from France of the Dult-b of
circumstances which had taken place, the great nuns-' Bfunswick, and of the brilliant viOoty of Jemappe,
her of days Parliament • bad already sat—the great fhe still fek a Is-eller, a more sincere joy at the eff:cts
quantity of public business that had been transacted; lof those victories, which, accompanied by the assist-
„and the nature of 'that business which must preclude . ance of Gteat ritain, had taken plate on the
any public inconvenience from arising, he thought no Continent. The changes which had taken place in
solidor reasonable objection could be offered to a ' the
_course of the war, were principally In be attri-
motion—" That this House do adjourn until Tues- buted to tLe essential change which had of late taken
•(Lay, the Ist of March." place in the character of the war, which led to the
The Earl of DARNLEY expressed his opinion, 'glorious and important result of whole nation rising
that nothing
either the necessity or expediency of so
which had fallen from the Noble Earl in their own defence, against an insupinsupportablevainly
had evince
and oppression. It was at this consideration that he
unusually long an adjournment as he had proposed. 'principally rejoiced. Some part of this change he
He appeared to him to think, that becaUse Podia- was ready to attribute to the conduct of his Majesty's
ment had gone through so much of whirwas usually ' Government. Of these he always thought their po-
termed the business of the country with so much feel. lice wise and judicious in so_ strenuously and unre-
lay and so little trouble, it was a seffi:ieat reason fur : wittingly maintaining the contest in Spain. They
such a very protracted recess. Did the Noble Earl `were much to be applauded for not abandoning the
think, that the only business which it fas the duty cause of Spain, even while at its lowest ebb. Va''..es
of Parliament to transact was that of the Executive ' ther. this perseverance was to be attributed' to the
Government—making financial airangemeats,- tie Noble Lads opposite, or to a Noble Marquis some
granting the supplies ? Tor his
part, he felt in corn.; time in office, he could not. precisely say, but what
mon with every usdividual in the toiletry and in the ;lad been done in Spain, improved as it was by the
world, who preferred the return of order and legiti- : uncommon exertions and gentus of Lord Wellington,.
mate goliernment .to the slavery of tyranny and op- had been productive of advantages great and Meal-
pressiun, and hailed with joy and rapture the auspi- culable to the general cause of Europe.. The occur-
cious events which had recently taken place on the rences in Spain held out a brilliant example to the
Continent of Europe. How far these were to be at- Continent, and were the leading cause of the auspi.
tributed to any exertions on the par of his Majesty's cious change in the character of the war—changing
Ministers, was very questionable. They may more it from a war of Governments to a war of the people:
properly be attributed to the course of events, and By some unaccountable circumstance, a very absurd.
the exertions of the Allies.
.They should not, how. calumny seemed to have gone abroad against this
ever, in the contemplation of such primary successes, country : what he particularly referred to was the
withhold their attention from every thing else. No policy of Subsidies. He never could believe that
