NAVAL INT.ELLIGENCE.

PA.I.MOU l'H. MAY Is.
Arrived the Dwitttv cutter from a cruise.—Wind
North.

MAY 19.—Sailed the Hind Revenue cutter on a
cruize.—Wind N. to E.
PORTSMOUTH, MAY 20.
Arrived the Neptune, BAkLEY ; And Mary, CeCSC
!NOS, from the Downs, Ins Newfoundland—the
for-
mer has sailed again. Also sailed his Majesty's ship
FLoStiDA. for Sheerness; and the Abeona transport,
for the Ruyan—Wind Easterly.
MAY 21.—Sailed Isis Majesty's ship CAMEL ; and
the Admiral Cockburn transport, for Chatham ; and
the Emerald. Las. for London.—Wind N. W.

• • DEAL, MAY 40.
Arrived and sailed for Leith the Birbara, RIDLEY,
from Oporto. Caine down from the River and sailed
the Sir George Prevost, for Quebec. The GANY-
AISDA frigate is not yet returned.—Wind S.
MAY 21,...The GANYMICDE frigate has returned to
the Dawns. Arrived and sailed for the River the
Hanover. Ab4uson ; Ida, PASSMORE ; and Argo,
BARCLAY, from Jamaica t and the Ann, Wilma,
from Fayal, the latter remains. Came down from
the River and retrains the Sorry, for Madras and
Bengal.—Wind S. W.
HARWICH, MAY sr.
Sailed the Lark packet for Holland ; and Henry
Freeling packet ;or Cuxhaven, both with Mails.
SHEERNESS, MAY DO.
The brig Lion, with coals, from Shields for Lon.
Jon, was lost la►t i•.ight on the Heaps. The Master
and crew arrived here to•dap in the long-bog.
GRAVESEND, MAY at.

Arrived the Wilberforce, Conk, from Dantsig; Watson,
Watson, from Husum; Heart of Oak, Nicholson, from Me-
mel; aledooia, Primrose, from Hulbeek; Frederick William,
—, from Hamhurgis. Sailed the Gipsy, 'fun er, for Bahia;
Margaret, hoinas, for Malta; Valador, De Arena, for Si. Nl-
bastian's ; Fos Brand, for Newfoundland; Mary, Jubsen, for
Elsineur; Goode Hoop, Klok, ior kotttrdani.
CIJSTOM-HOUSE, MAY 21.

Sutra trrtat, iNwAips.—The Nal4a, Tozer, from Cadiz;
Aurea, lieskion; Boyne, Parkin ; Hannah, Torons ; and Benja•
alio and Mary, Coates, from Memel; Orange Boren, Atkinson,
from iarlingen ; Coma, Proudfoot, Iron% Cttte; Hester, Sd.
'era, from Hamburgh; Ma►ius and Ann, rhompson, from Riga;
Good Intent, Calder, from Rotterdam; Lo►d Ezmouth, Mdls,
from Wererfletb.

Onset." aris --The Britannia, Stannack, and Esther, 1011t1,
for Ostend; Mary..Atin, Salmon, for Calais and Boulogne; Fans,.
Masson, (or Malts, Smyrna, and Constantinople; Frederick,
O'Hara, for Gibraltar; Vrienslichap, Bolaonil, tar Rotterdam.

The Botanique, from Haire to New York, put
into Fayal on the `'2sth ult. leaky; she would be
obliged to discharge her cargo. awl it was supposed
would be condemned.

Extracts of letters from the Agents to Lloyd's at
Faysl. dated 18th and 19:h April. 1817 :

" Asian 18.—We have intelligence of three Insurgent Priva.
teen having been in the latitude of Flores—they consisted of
twb schooners and a brig, and were occasionally in company.—
Mr. WILLIAM WILKIA, master of the Ann, from London, asl
qualets me he fell in with three vessels on the let instatlf, which'
answered the description of the above privateers—he hoisted hit
colours, but it being near dusk and blowing fresh, they did Dot
molest him. They were steering Eastward."
Aran. 19.—Yesterday evening an American brig, front
New-York, bound to Gibraltar, came into our Bay and landed
the Master and crew of the Portuguese ship Marques de Pom-
ba', Capt. GOISSALVES DA COSTA, from PAIDAMbUCO to Oporto,
captured on the 20th ult. in lit. SS. 50. lon. 56. The Captain
and crew of the privateer were nearly all Americans, and the
Master of the vessel bound to Gibraltar Las given the Portuguese
Capain a certificate that the Commander of the privateer
is losers STAtIOAD, an American, and native of Baltimore.—
'lin privateer captured the Portuguese brig St. Joao Protector,
Carduza Master, from Bahia to Lisbon ; and a Spanish ship,
tram Havannah to Cadia. She manned her three prises, and''
sent them, it is supposed, either for Carthagena or St. Domingo.'
The privateer is caked the Patriots de Buenos Ayres, and it does
not appear that she has been in concert with two schooners."

Late accounts from Leghorn, and different ports
in Italy, state, that several British vessels have been
obliged to return with their cargoes, the new import,
duties being so heavy as to render them equal to a
prohibition of English goods.
The ESK sloop.of war has been at Port•stu•Prince,
with a demand, couched in strong terms, from the
Governor and Admiral of Jamaica, for the Pilot Ne-
groes who had Red from Kingston, and taken refuge
in Hayti, to be free from slavery. President Prrtos,
we understand, declared it to be out of his power to
give them up, as they had touched a land of liberty,
but made the owner, who was on board the Esx, a
present of a sum of money as acompensation for his loss.
Monday, Maass Edgar, accused of administering
unlawful oaths, was brought before the High Court
of Justiciary, at Edinburgh, on a new indictment.
When our letters came away, Mr. Cultic was die.
puting the right of the public prosecutor to try the
prisoner on a new libel, before the question of rele•
luau on Use former indictment had, been fully triad.

SCOTTISH CHRISTIRIV ..r,yowl,rnGß
soCI

Yesterday the Anniversary rf tie " Society in
Scotland, for propagating Christian Enr,....-leet.;;r in the
Highlands and Istamis," was celebrated at Preersia•
SO/IS' Hall, Ins Royal Highness the Duke of fivssex
en the Chair, supported on one side by WATiON
Tanoon, Eati. M. P. and J. W. An.ssrs on the other.
Hos Royal Highness was preceded by his piper, who
paraded the Hall in the Highland costume, and con-
tinued till he was seated in the Chair. Alter the
singing of Non Nair, and the usual toasts 0,--ee The
King," " The Prince Regent," and Ti e Queen
and the other branches of the Royal Family," winch
were followed by the usual tunes and glees. the Doti,'
Susx.rt gave the 4, Healths of the Princess Char-
lotte and Prince Leopold."
Song—litheve me, it all those endearing yming charms.
A ter this toe Royal Chairman gave the" Health
of his Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, one of the
Presidents of the Institution."
The Duke of Sussex then rose, and after some le-
marks on the origin and excellence of the Institution,
gave as a toast—

Success to the Society fort ropagaiing Chrl!tian Knowledge
the Highlands avd Islands of Scurho
The health of the It. yal Chairman was now drank,
when his Royal Highness took occasion to enlarge on
the superior claims of the Institution ro public pa.
ti onage. He observed, at the same time, that the
cause oi the Institution was connected with that of
the female sex, for it was the cause of education, of
public and social life—nor could he help, wt the
present occasion. when he had the pleasure to ob-
serve the attendance of so many of that most endear.
ing and estimable sex, (the Gallery of the Halt was
ccupied by Ladies) reminding them of the truly
pr-ud pre eminence, which they enjoyed ov.r the
women of all other countries. Here and here only,
they could run the race of chalky isilt man; here
asid only here, were/they beloved and respected for
those imperishable charms, the virtues of the heat
which formed their truest pride. His Royal High-
ness now .proposed the " Health of the Ladies,"
*lnch was followed by the glee of—liere's a health to
all good Lana.
JASAXS Tnotasoie, Esq. one of the Honorary Se-
cretaries of the Institetion, was called upon to make
a cetuniunic ition to the company. It would. he said,
have been his ditty in the first instance to have la-
mented .be absence of their last President, the Duke
of Kent, had they not now been 'cheered with the
presence of a Prince not less allied to their former
President by the ties of consanguinity, than by the
attachments of beneficence. He was instructed to
thank the Vice Presidents, who were all unfortunately
absent; the Treasurer, who was never absent ; and
the Rev. Gentleman (Rev. Daniel WiLon, A. M.)
who this year advocated their cause. This charty.
tottered by their ancestors, it would be heresy to
abandon, arid sacrilege to' disc egard.
Toast—. Vice Presidents."

Perxit LaUhte, Ebq. congratulated his Royal
Highness on the situation he held, but lamenteJ it
was not possible to present to him those ch;idri:n
vino were the objects of their paternal case. Every
one, perhaps, knew the gratification of seeing IMO
ctulstren its St. PaisPo'Cathedral ; *ben', however, be
asserted that there were V 2,000 under their care, he
should leave them to imagine the result. They had
Scottish pride, it was true, but it was mixed with
Ocottibb integrity dud principle. They had certainly
no idea of an irreligious education, which was power
without principle, and force without conscience. It
the effects of education were to be sought for in Scot-
land, he could only say of Highlanders, that they
were bons in the field, and lambs in their cottages.
The Rev. HENRY WHITE proposed the " Church
of Scotland and its Clergy."
The Rev. Dr. CHALStints, in an animated and mrst
eloquent speech, returned thanks on behalf of the
Scottish Church. He described the system of educa-
tion in Scotland as its " cheap defence." Its objects
were most productive, for it regarded, not only utility;
here, but also an immortality to come. The true po-
litical edifice was composed of all that is sound in the
poor, with all that is beautiful and durable in social
life. In common with the Reverend Gentleman who
lately sat down, he admired those symptoms of ap-
proximation between the Churches of England and
Scotland. He gave the health of " the Rev. Sir
Robert Peat, and the Church of England."
" The Navy and Army" were drank with three
times three; and the •' Lord Mayor and City of
London!" followed.

Dr. Nicol. said, he was called on by his Royal
Highness to give a favourite, a partial toast, The
Land of Cakes ;" that land which gave them birth.
the land of their fathers. If any land had a right to
be proud of the enjoyment of liberty and religion,
that land was Scotland ; but he rejoiced to .behold
the period when the Douglas and Percy could meet
on the borders without fighting. The educatinn of
the people was the salvation of Scotland • and the,
readiest way to lower the poor-rate in England, was'
to advance the people in habits of industry and intel-1
ligeace. He loved his country on many accounts.
but fur nothing more than its being united with Eng- ,
land; and the man who sowed dissension between,
them, was alike the enemy of both. United as we'
were—England with Scotland and Ireland, and aided
by Christian principles, we might defy the combined
world. He should most cordially give the land of
independence and kindness, and might they long
prove worthy of their mother. He concluded by
giving—" The Land of Cakes."
Sang —4 Scots, wha ba'e we Wallace Weil
Dr. LINIItiAY, in a speech as luminous as philoso-
phical, said, that the speech of his worthy friend
(Dr. Nicol) just reminded him of the sentiment of a
predecessor of his, who thanked GOD that he had
been born in Scotland, but lived in England. He
was happy to find, however, from what had passed
this night, that the Churches of England and Scot-
land, which were, a century past, like two rival beau-
ties, scratching one another's faces, and rioting like
were now meeting on friendly terms.
It had been said, however, that
“ A littte learning Is a dangerous thing."
Great names sanctioned great nonsense; for know.
ledge iii all its gradations was itself a good. It we
were not perfect, let us be as perfect as we progressively
can. That Scotchman was not a man, who did not
honour his country as the parent of parochial schools.
Dr. MASON, from New Yogic. went into the sub-
ject at considerable length. That man, he observed,

must posse.ls but a feeble vision, who did not per-
ceive the finger of Parivinatice is what was going
on. Every where t.e element. of char cter were
purifyimg. It was to the honour I ill .t - %lorry—.
the mountain land of his v.ao•rAte.l s • • at she
had taken the lead in the education of .a.l
It was eviient that England wa. designed by f )-
s-tuissa: for souse great work, to digits, the light of
that knowledge uhich, when once seen, spread bril-
liancy on our hearth,, and se I.
pillar of fire. America pariartl: M similar sa.wiinews.
She mourned in her differs aces with England, and
exalted when they were lei minated.
Subscriptions to the amount of a63ao were now l'•
nounced, amonz which wc•e the Duke of Sus rr,
ten glt:neaz ; ninon, Esq. thirty guineas ;-
Atdertn4o liEvavre. ten guineas; alsa, £2O from
4 Gentleman in a Highland dress, the only one its
the roam, and whose a:scrums had remained true to
their Sovereigns throng's upwards of lOW years of
vicissiiti.le. His fte.-.ldi was given from the Chair.
About eleven o'clock the company broke up in high
cotdiali.y. Amongst the company, besides thous
who spal;e, we noticed Colansl 1) .wsur. K.C.S. Si:
Be:.,An B art. Sir Rmsr. PRAT, D.D. and the Rev.
Mr. M.smit.t.—Toe gallery was fitlnf with Ladies.
Since the 2d of IClarJa7ilast, a period of little
more than three months, no less than rthretyfitcr Di-
plomas have been wanted by the Iloy al College°. Sur.
genus of Edinburgh, to Siiidents of that University.
Yesterday a Ctiti:t of Directors was hid at the
East India 1-1 'use, when Titomoss STA lOI.oltD
Esq. late Lten:.ll.int-Governor of .1 r.V.t, w..s tisrro-
dined to the Court and sworn Mta Isis i:ew office as
Lieutenant-Governor of Fort
The Bombay Courier of Vie of Jane t, y contains
Maj Ir LusialsovoN's acctaint to the fte,ident at
Putman, (.1 his successful pur,utt of the Pctidar, es •.n
the `4sth and 2t 1.1 of December. Only tile British
Otlicer was killed, Captain DAHKE, of the 4th keg..
went of Light Cavalry; no Officers were sar:und.o.
Bornbay Other says, that the corrimunicatian
between Sero tr• and Poonali, and the latter i'laCe and
Panwell, had for a fortnight been 'small. without a
guard. " Numerous Mahratta families hove
these few days sought for refuge in the Islands of
Caranja and Salsette. The priacipal 0' j-ct of the
Pend trees in entering the Concan was to seize a large
qnatitity of kincob (silks) which was exported from
Bombay to Chowal for the interior. This they suc-
ceeded in. It is their intention to sweep the coast
as far as Surat."

lOfficial intelligence from the Wad quarters of Ge-
neral Bouvka, at Barcelona, down to sth of March,
has been brought by a vessel from Hayti. These
accounts, which were carried to liquemel by a Dr.
F—, a person high in the confidence of the Gene.
ral, who was sent there n a special mission, give
the particulars of the late action b:-tureen 13^.LIVAtt
and the Royalists under MORALES,
which appears to
have been so destructive to the Royalists as to give
every hope that their opponents would have posses-
ii,in of all the Provinces of Venezuela early in April.
It appeals BohtvAtt, soon after arriving at Barcelona,
was attacked by the Royalist Griieral. REAL, who
had marcbed from Caraccas with 30J0 men. The
latter attempted to storm the town twice, amid once
was in temporary possession of the main square, trona
whence he was driven wjii great loss. Rent. then
retreated about a league, to wait the arrival of the
Commander in Chief, MORALES, who arrived rdr Bar-
celona on the Ist of March, with one corvette, four
brigs, some schooners, in all eighteen sail. ront
schooners belonging t) the Indepsnid-iits were rim on
store, and dismantled by ihtir crews, but were not'
burnt. MORALES' anchored his squadron under the
Morro, a large fortified hill at the entrance of the
harbour, of which he took possession, at'sl debarked
not only the military, but als'i great part of the crews,
in all about 2000 men. Ile sent orders to Rest, to
commence the attack on Larcelona, situat..4l twelve
miles op the River, on the 341, in the mottling, and
himself marched to assault it in front, leaving one •
hundred men in the Morro to protect his vessels. On
his approach, the discharges sit artillery and mos.
I. etry led him to suppose that Itr,at, was already en.
gaged, as in fact he Was, but not in the attack o; the
town. On the first approach of REAL, BOLIVAR had
sent orders to Generals Nlstilso aid AItILMENDI to
come to his aid ; and the latter, at the head • t 1500
cavalry, reached the position of ReAL just as he w::s
preparing to take his share in the attack pr:coi.certed
with NloitaLis, and crippled him so much, that he
was compelled to retreat hastily towards CArACCaS,
atter much hard fighting. LotavAtt, finding himself
disengaged tom REAL by t-:ie tonely arrival of Aim-
MEND:, dispatched 304) men, who to,.it possession of
the Morro, and turned the guns un the Spanish squa.
dron, who instantly cut their cables and pat to sea ;
and with the remainder of his forces (121) men) •
met MonAuoi, whom 11-.1 defeated, Wing 440, ;rod
dispersing the rest, most of whom joined him the day
after. MonALes, woundA, with much didiamy
escaped in a canoe on board his squadron, which im-
mediately made sail for La Goira.
General MARINO, from CUM4II.I, joined 1.1,-imitrt
on the 4th with 2500 men, and they were to is:arch
to join Antswzmut, in pursuit or .&r.at., on the iglu .
The Patriot force, with the de.,irtets who ilia n•Med
with them, amounted to 7(hA)111,....1, orrepeodent of
the divisions of PIAR and LiIItNICULZ, Wilt) were also
marching on the Capita: bum another quai ter. Toe
Royalist force in CAIACC:I% according to accounts
from Curacoa of 20th March, consisted of 70a Spa-
nish regulars, recently arrived :ruin Puerto Rico, and
about 2000 Creoles, all sifthivtbaoirinthwenitul:yl4j:iisints
were
countrymen on their approach, as they had sent to
inform them. So desperate were the affairs of King
flying tAosCD uinratch,:it quarter,afitli City of Sant: Domingo.
In the latter place, the Ilid:op of CA RACCAS had :tr.
rivede
dowf
tiobt liibatert: ewh
,iCt
al Ilitilundr csnel loveiin oplate.ui eiAnt..Aul
ca'she s
(e)nilticeart4trraiiiiiinct
cseAdv.soC.iitlehtirli::-
being in complete possession at all the Provinces of
Venezuela by the Ist of April.
MAY 21, 1817.—Yestt•rdAy the Lottery fini-hed
Drawing, when the following Capital Pit:-..: mere
Sold by brut, s iz.—

14,129 .C 2,000 2,795 L5Ol
4,491 !1 ,000 3,7:3 di2oo
2,N74 £1 ,000 9,,03
1,544 £5OO &c.
—Tickets and Snares for a new L t,

Tickets, contain; ig Two Prizes of arlso
be drawn 4th of JUNE, are Sching by
broker, 4, Cornhill, and 9, Chatiorezoss

Az.*
&e.
tiely of 8,000
,out, 3c:. to
Stock.
OSS

i
