ANECDOTES.

Bonaparte said some months ago, "I do not know
how I shall finish this drama ; but if I sink, people
slirdl learn what the death pangs of a great man cost ;
I reserve for history a page of blood, such as its re-
cords do not yet contain." We expect, in fact, dis-
coveries that inspire horror.
When he had carried the position at Montereau, he
believed the Allied Armies destroyed, and said, with
his usual arrogance, " I am nearer to Vienna than
they are to Paris." He often declared, that in less
than three months he would burn Munich, and plant
his Eagles on the ruins of Vienna. 11e has kept his
word w ith respect to Vienna, as he did v:ith respect
to Lisbon. He used to say, that Henry IV. was the
King el the ((millet We may judge from this of his
idea of the virtues of a Sovereign. This Anti-French
expression, this unnatural blasphemy, would suffice
:o prove him who could titttr it unworthy of the
Throne. FRENCH YCNDS.
April 9, 62 francs—llai.k action., 900.
The Provisional Government, informed that since
the close of 1811, more than 800 Spanish peasan.,..,,
made prisoners in the Fort of Figueras, have been
detained in the hulks at Brest and Rochefort, where
different colours alone di,tinguish them from con.
',lets, whose irons they wear, and in whose labours
they participate :
Considering that the violence committed upon
these men, whose only crime was that of having
fought in defence of their country, outrages at once
humanity and all the laws consecrated by the nations
of Europe—order the said Spanish peasant, to be
immediately set at liberty, and conducted to the fi:st
Spanish post.
Among the numerous addlesse.s to the Provisional
Goverumete, the following metit particular atten-
tion;

FROM THE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL OF THE CITY orzyntux.

‘6 The city ni Evrtux has learnt with transports of
joy the happy events which have delivered us for
ever from t:►e harribl, tyranny which oppressed the
E►edch. Ile who male a muck, ry of oaths and of
human 11..—he a.hn dissipated the public ptoperty,
who b:uktg,:t fire and swo►d into our fine country—
rttn,t clue' of tyr.ants—in one word. the assassin
•f d►e Duke D'Lnghien hau ce.tsed to reign 4nd the
bourbons, invited by the %risk.* of the hooch flAtion,

are about to resume their ancient sceptre, d'stin•
guished by so many ages of glory and prosperity.
" Immortal thanks to the generous monarchs who
broke the iron yoke under which we groaned The
day of Bonaparte's fall is a day of happiness for an
France, 'bat especially for the Department of the
Eure, which was the victim of the most horrible
vexations. Tyrinny was at its height; and the town
of Evreux would have, perhaps, taken counsel only
from despair, had it not been from the consolations
which it received from the paternal administration of
the Mayor.
" The Municipal Council, anxious to manifest the
general wish, uttered with as Hindi freed .m as en-
thusiasm by the inhabitants of Evreux, hastens to
express its formal wish for the establishment of the
Monarchical Government in the person of Louis Sta-
nislaus Xavier of France," &c.
M. Barthel"my, President Of the Senate, has sent
the following Letter to the Members of ,he Provisional
Government :
,s I have th,; honont to inform yon, that in the Sit-
tings of thii day the Senate has just decreed, that the
Provisional Government shall be invited to testify t
the national guard of Paris the satisfaction of the Se-
nate with the conduct it has observed in the critical
circumstances in which this city has been placed. By
immediately transmitting to you this invitation, I
fulfil, Gentlen:en, the int: minus of the Senate."
M. .Regnier, ci-devant Grand Judge, Minister of
Justice, on arriving at Pat is, put up at the hotel des-
tined for the residence of the Presidents of the Legis-
lative Body.
THE ADVOCATES ATTACHED TO THE ROYAL COURT SIT-
TING AT AMIENS TO THE PRoVisloNA I GOVERN NI EN T.
Heavenly justice ! Memorable day—day immor-
tal ! Magnanimous Alexander Country I Bourbons!
Honour ! Senate ! Into wh it intoxication do you
plunge us ! Is It a dream from which we mast die Id
being awaked ? No, no ! our happiness is certain. In
thought, in heart, with voice, gesture, :l,(1 all the
signs of a delirium which cannot be described, we
adhere to the re-establishment of the ancient dynasty.
Vive Louie Stanislaw Xavier!"

The King of FRANCE, it is said, is to make a Grand
afire into the metropolis, and the Puma: REGENT has
expressed an intention to mei., him, and grace the
ceremony attending his arrival.
Although every preparation has been mace for the
reception of Louis XVIII. hi, MAJESTY does not
mean to come to Town until the arrival of the State
Deputation from France, with which be is to return
to fill the throne of his ancestors.

The decorations of the JASON frigate, which k fit-
ting at Sheerness to receive the flag of the Duke of
CLARENCE, are of the most splendid kind. All the
cabins are to be lined with crimson velvet, ialged with
deep gold lace. The Officers have received orders
to appear in full dress, dress 'fords, gold tassels to
their half boots, fee. His Royal Highness is expec-
ted to hoist his fltg +bout Slinday next. It is under-.
stoisd that the JASON will be joined at the Nore by
one of the royal yachts from Deptford, which she'
will convoy to the opposite coast. His m ,st Chris.
tian Majesty will, it is supposed, be Lorded at Bon-
Logue. The JASON, still hearing his Royal High-
ness's flag, it is expected, will then proceed down the
coast with the Royal Yacht to Helvoetsluys, far the
purpose of bringing the Queen of Wearestatito to
England. Report adds, that shortly after his return
to England, the Duke of CLARLNCC will again hoist
his flag on board the JASON, to bring over the Ein-
peror of Res:4A and the King of PIiUSSIA. Lord
Livenpool., it is said, will accompany the King of
FRANCE to his dominions.
Private accounts from Paris announce the arrival
of the Crown Prince in that capital, with his Staff.
We do not know whether the proverb, " Better late
than never," may be applied in this instance ; it may
be better for himselt, perhaps ; but having delayed
his advance till the war was decided, we cannot see
what possible good his presence can now do to the
Allied Sovereigns or the general cause. The fol-
lowing particui irs of the causes of his long stay at
Liege, and of his subsequent turning elf lly Cologni
and Coblentz to a still greater distance from the scene
of action, have been furnished to its from a source,.
the authenticity of which may be fully relied upon ;
indeed, ee are assured that they are derived from his
Royal Highness's own representations to the Allied
Sovereigns. The Crown Prince, on his cr ‘ssing the
Rhine, found the conferences at Chatillon in pro-
gress, And was greatly offended that no communica-
tion had been made to him respecting the bases on
which it was proposed to negeciate, nor of the dis-
cussions as they pr ,ceeded. He found also, that
without awaiting his coming up with his Swedes, the
Russian corps and the Germans in British pay, that
had been attached to his army, and, by special agree.
ment and treaty, placed under his immediate com-
mand, had been drawn away as they came near the
scene of action, and placed in conjunction or co-ope-
ration with Blucher. Upon this his Highness of
Sweden felt highly iniignant ; he stopped long in
dudgeon at Liege, and then made the tour to Co-
logne and Cobleutz, which we have already noticed.
In the mean time, circumstances brought out a kind
of explanation, in the course of which t I e Emperor of
Russia, who, by consent, acts as a kind of Chairman
of the Select Committee of Allied Monarchs, ez-
pr...ssed his sorrow that he was not aware of the
Crown Prince's desire to have a special concern in the
negociations at Chatillon,.as he would have had great
pleasure 'in gratifying his Highness's wish on that
head : but as no intimation of such a partie. I o di -
sire had been expressed, he did not see :ti;)
why Sweden should in the first instance he called
upon to send a Plenipotentiary any mote rens Spain,
or Bavaria, or any other of the subordinate Powers--
nor any ground for offence in the omission. With
respect to the employment of the Russian and Ger-
man corps belonging to the Crown Prince's army on
active service, the exigencies of the common intere t
and the benefits which had resulted to the vanmun
'cause ,from that measure would furnish the best an-
swer. The Crown Prince, we hear, was by no means
mollified by these explanations; but, probably, find.
ing that eie Allied Sovereigns could do so well with-
out him, and that they were in possession of Paris,
with the means of making peace on terms suggesteu
by their strew of the general rights and interests of na-
tions, he thought he might as well come to head-
quarters to take care of his own possessions, as well
AS ut his ChtilAS awl emeabioas,

THE EVENING STAR.

LON DON.

FRIDAY. APRIL lii, 1814.

The intercourse between the French and Engitob
coasts is now most briskly carried or, as Api:Jla fror
the following communication :
VOVEA, APRIL is.

" The channel between here and riance is nor
become like a ferry : boats arc continuilly pessii.t
and repassing. The rumber of persons belonging
this town who have already visited CANs is inzre•
Bible : all are received with the greate,t
and friendship, and every attention is shewn then:.

" A lugger arrived in the Roads this evening, and
a galley from her landed the Collector of she Custon..
and';:: family, also a Merchant belonging to Calaii
—Yesterday evening the Lady Frances Poo Office
Packet, Captain RerrEn, came rolnd (tom Ho.
with—two others are hourly expected, and it is cm.
lectured that the F.rst Mail for France will be d;s
patched from hence on S tturd ty next."

What has pasced, and h paining in Fntnce,
mutt contpictions proof and example of the extreme
intricacy of human, and partiettlarly of what at•
called great or national affairs. The most pullout:Li
political philosophers see but a very short way i 2,40
futurity. Action produces re-action : every revulu.
tion contains in itself the seeds of another.

The reduction of the provincial parliaments was
considered to be, and perhaps was, a substantial im-
provement in the general administration of justice.
But the abolition of the parlioments left in Boar.
deaux, Toulouse, and other Cities, a degree of dis.
content and chagrin that c-ntributed very much to
the dethronement of the Tyrant.
When Bonaparte in his ferocious career trampled
on every Continental State of Europe, and moved
onward, even to Moscow, every thng seemed to go
on swimmingly. He thought himself the king of
kings: invested with irresistible power, and strength,
and glory. And all this he ascribed to the fertility
of his own .genius, and the unexampled activity of
his own exertions. But he never calculated or made
any account of what might probably or yo.sibly be
the re-action of all this activity—he blindly laboured
for his own destruction.

The personal history of this man, henceforth, mutt
become as great an object of curiosity to philosophi-
cal observers on human nature, at 11;s public career
was to politicians.ind statesmen. lato What will the
agitation of his mind ultimately settle; Will be,
like the unfortunate Prince Pretender, Charles Swart,
after his discomfiture in Scotland, in 1746, endba.
your to drown thought in intoxication ? Will he, like
the flagitious Earl of Both Well, after the fall and .
captivity of Mary Queen of Scots, grow mad ? or
will he kill himself r The probability is, that he
will lose his judgment, become furious, and commit
such acts of insanity and outrage, as will subject hill
at last to coercion and strict confinement.

To moct men, reduced irons such a hoiebt of
power and fame, to an anxious dependence on the
mercy of conquerors, a. ROMAN DEATH would hare
occurred as the only asylum. But Bonaparte, by
running away three times from his army, for his own
safety, has completely satiblled the world, that he
has nothing in his character of Roman heroism—but
all the suppleness of a modern Italian.
It may, perhaps, he thought that if Bonaparte
can escape from the We of Elba, he will go about
from one Court t,) another, trying to excite a confe-
deracy against England, as Hannibal, after the ruin
of the Carthagenian Republic, did against the Ro-
mans. We cannot recollect any Court where he
would be likely to meet with a favourable reception
at present, crcept that of James Madison, in Ame-
rica ; for though he embraced Mahomedanism in
Egypt, he could scarcely reckon on the protection of
the Sultan of Constantinople.

The great change passing on the Continent pro'
mises a long repose to the weary nations of Europe.
Both the rulers and the ruled have obtained much
useful knowledge, though' at a great expense ; but :9
fact nations never acquire sound political wisdom
but by dear bought experience. On this subject vie
cannot avoid calling to the recollection of State•
men one .of the earliest and most fatal blunders
of those whose bond of union during :he late
long struggle was professedly anti.revoltitionary.—
In the face of their own principles, thefobliterated a
large and independent kingdom from the map tat
Europe : nor need we add, that the partition of Po-
land was the fatal examplo on which the French anar-
chists founded all their sophisms respecting the ame•
liora:ion of nations by incorporating them with Franc..
Let not then the work of re.generatioo be done bi
halves. Let the same sense of probity, the same sp'-
rit of justice and sound policy, the same magnaiii
mity which has emancipated tho other Kingdoms and
Stales of Europe, be experienced by the peoplc (it
Poland. Let :he mighty Monarchs whiff have b... r.
the happy instruments lit raising tile prc.stitate
from a state of degradation iv' slavery, and alto haw.'
so well merited those ettlogiums, which, eta i•ig own
the grateful hearts of the people, cannot but rot te
their own hvirtiwith I, expressible tens 411.1115 ; let":;•111,
we say, give this one evidence to the worial at laigt.,
that the spirit of dictatium and lawless ambitioii „foci'
they have so happily combated in Prance i I,:iriT4Pra

STAR.

li, 1814.
French and English
I or, as aepcars fro=
