ROUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair at four o'clock, and there being
only thirty-five Members present, an adjournment of course
Cook place.

THE EvgfoNG STAR.

LONDON

- .
FRINLY; MAReti 1,14

#RICE Or STOCKS tHIS DAY-At 0 O'CLOCK
•
S per Cetit. Cons. money, 650—for adopt` eff. .
P.educed shut--4 per Cent. shut-4 jpit Utmteratet 33t.
Ezetzeq. A7U 9s. to I Is. prem.—Booth, 254. pint.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
per Cent. Red. shut India Bonds 255. 941.
S per Cent. Cons. 6.5 ii Imp. Ann.--
41'per Cam. shot Etc. Bills, se. 11a. preni.
per Cent. Navy 97f OmniuM 511
India Stock Cons. for ace. esti

the Partin of yesterday announces his MAJWTY
to be in the same state in which he has been during
the last few daft, which our Readers will recollect,
was of a most favourable and gratifying description.
His MAJESTY walked out yesterday both before and
after dinner. In his latter walk his Miursrr was
accompanied by General GARTH, with whom he con-
versed mpst cheerfully. General MANNERs, who had
been in attendance upon the KING for several days,
returned to town yesterday, and gives the most fa-
vourable account of his MAJESTY'S state, in every
• iespect.

Cadit Papets to the 17th ult. have tome to hand,
but their contents are of little importance. They
rnenticn some petty skirmishes, in all of which the
guerillas seem to have had the advantage.

The followiug is an extract from a Private Letter
brought by the Anholt bags of yesterday :

" GOTTENBURGH, MARCH 4.

" Here is tui ethbargo or sequestration laid upon
any ships whatever, nor do I apprehend any thing of
the kind will take place, excepting at one port.

Rumour says; that Konigsburgh is occupied by
the Douaniers, and that these vagabonds are sending ;
all the goods that arrived by the last fleet to Magde-
turgh, as the Prussian Government cannot pay the
Contributions levied by France."
It is said in some of the letters by these bags, that
some parties of the Dcmaniers had entered b'weden.
There cannot be the smallest foundation for this as-
sertion, as we are assured by a Gentleman who has
lately arrived from that country► The idea we be-
lieve, could not be entertained for a moment by any
person at all acquainted with the temper of the Swe.
dish people, or by any one possessing lode' knowledge
of the peculiar character of the shores of that country,
which must render these inspectors wholly inefficient,
'l'lle Konigsburgh Letters, as well as those from
Sr.. Petersburgh, are silent as to any probability of
War between Russia and France. Whether this re-
Serve should be attributed to the vigilande of the
Police, to the indifference of the natives, or to the
ignorance of the fact, we cannot determine.
We have a few letters by the same opportunity
from Norway, which kingdom, notwithstanding what
has been alledged, is as near to a condition of tran-
quillity as wretchedness and penury will allow. The
paper of the Danish Government was in so little
credit, that to the value of £3OO in that form was
given for £lOO in a negotiable shape on this country.
A letter from Metnel, dated February 1, says, " Tn
regard to tra:' the Russian Government has rather
hecom. more lenient, and the vessels with Swedish
nnd American papers have been declared free.—
Hemp has got up, in expectation of orders from Eng.
land. Should your Government, however, refuse
granting licences for the importation of Russian
articles, the consequences will prove vory fatal to Rug--
sia, and might produce a change in the politics of
that country in favour of England. The price of
hemp in Riga, is 21 silver roubles per 8 lb. The Al
berts dollars have been called in, and the silver rou-
bles have been issued all over Russia."

the eamir.ittee of Lords to whom it has been re-
ferred to consider in what way the business of the
Court of ChAncery may be expedited, sat on Tuesday
last. Ws understand they are unanimously of opinion,
that the LORD CIIANCRLLOR should continue to be the
Speakerof the House of Lords; as it is of the last jib-
portance that Appeals from the Courtsbelow should be
laid before the highest authority in the taw. It is not
in this viay, therefore, that the LORD CRANCRLLOR £3lll
be assisted---but the Idea, which we alluded to some
time ago, is entertained favourably, namely, that he
should have the aid of two Masters ,if-the Rolls—one I
of whom will have the tide of Vice-Chancellor, with
higher functions than the other, who will still have
the name of Master of the Rolls; but, between them,
the Loan CHANCELLOR would be eased of a considera-
ble part of his most fatiguing duty.

-

- - >_

^

btlll.lY. .
*HOWE& T'AMC 01 THE caramel hit tittaten,
/lUD AT THE PRIVATE THEATHEIFISHAMBLEATREBT,
OW FRIDAY) HAMS 8.
Sir EbWARD BELLEW, Bart. in the Chair.
The Secretary read the Resolution entered into at
the last Meeting of the General Committee, for the
purpose of calling an Aggregate Meeting.
. Mr. O'CONNELL then stated that he intended to
move a dutiful and loyal Address to his Royal High-
ness the Prince of Wales !—,e I shall not consume
the time of this Meeting, by entering into an expla-
nation of our motives for presenting the Address--
and I feel it would be a reproach to induce any argu-
ment to justify a measure so anxiously wished for by
the Catholics of Ireland. We owe it to his Royal
Highness, to express, with heartfelt gratitude, our
unfeigned thanks for the many favours and benefits
conferred on us by his revered Father, to whom we
are perhaps indebted for the privilege of meeting here
:this day.—[Here Mt. O'Connell took a summary
view of the political state and incapacities of the Ca.
tholics at the Accession of his Majesty to the Throve.]
When, he said, they were excluded from every situa-
tion of trust, honour, and emolument—when the then
existing laws sanctioned the breach of every hewer-
able principle— when there was hardly a grievance of
degradation that man could be subject to, that the
laws did not inflict on the Catholics of keland. Thus
ood the abominable code at the period of his Majes-
ty's accession, and such hardships and, slavery did it
Impose, that the mind cannot contemplate on it with-
r out recoiling with horror and disgust. By adverting
to this period of our history, he did not wish to excite
religious distinctions—he did not wish to rekindle
hatred and animosity among his countrymen. His
motives were widely different—they were to lay be-
fore the Meeting the obligations we owed to his Ma-
jesty for the many privileges which the Catholics at
present enjoy. Though we continue a degraded race,
lin our native land—though we still suffer as we do the
exclusion from every situation of honour and of emo-
lument, yet to the kind interposition of his Royal
Highness the Prince bf Wales be looked forward for
the full and speedy extinction of our slavery. The
past conduct of his Royal Highness assures us, that
those disabilities which distinguishes the Catholics
from the Protestant can no longer continue. Through
life, on every constitutional question, he has given the
nation a convincing proof of the liberality of his enlight-
timed mind. He has selected the friends and companions
of his private life from among the most able statesmen
that England ever produced. Who can forget, that
Charles James Fox was the bosom friend of the Prince
of Wales ? (Hear, hear.)Who can forget it, that the P.
of Wales expressed his anxious desire, that the constitu-
tional principles of thatimmortal patriot, should be im-
pressed on the mind of his infant daughter? Among the
confidential friends of the Prince, let it be recollected,
that the Mitchinson familyhold a distinguished place.
And here permit me to remind you, that if there be
any class of people, that owe that great and good
family a special debt, it is the Catholics of Ireland.
He had almost omitted to mention the name of his
illustrious countryman, Mr. Sheridan, who has long
participated in the friendship of his Royal Highness ;
but he was ashamed for trespassing so long on an
occasion like the present, where he found himself
incapable of describing the grateful feelings of the
Catholic people to his Royal Highness, to whom
they were attached by every princip of loyalty and
'of gratitude. He lamented that Zough the mis.
guided folly of our rulers, the country had already
suffered too much. It had been involved in deep
calamity ever since the baneful measure of Union had
been forced upon distracted Ireland—(Herr, hear.)
At that calamitous period the argument made use of
by the Parliament of England for withholding from
the Prince his undoubted right, was, that by ap-
pointing him Regent, they preferred him to William
Pitt. The offence given to the Ministry of the present
times, seems to be, that the people prefer his Royal
Highness to the usurper Perceval. It is observable
that the moment the Regent wasappointed, W.W.Pole
set off for Ireland, to misrepresent the Catholics, and
excite discord. He (Mr. P.) seemed to fear, that in
the liberal mind of the Prince, something would be
found that would drive faction out of its fastness.
--He took the most decisive measures that his little
mind could suggest.. Although a General Commit-
tee of the Catholics of Ireland had been established
for almost eighty years, he had the audacity to issue
his proclamation declaring that it was an illegal as-
sembly, and that the meeting was guilty of a high
misdemeanour. He thus thought proper to pronounce
sentence without going to trial—without the interpo-
sition of any Judge. He said he acted under the
advice of a Judge who is not a native of this country,
and who is therefore ignorant of the Irish character.
—He admitted that the Judge was an accomplished
Gentleman and an able Lawyer; but Irishmen would
not submit to be ruled by special pleadings and Eng-
lish technicality. But to return to the subject of the
letter, it appears that it was the first act of his Royal
Highness's Government in Ireland. It was the ill ad-1
vised measure of William Wellesley Pole, the Se-
cretary of all ages. We know it could not have'
emanated from his Royal Highness. Here Mr.
O'Connell animadverted on the =policy of the Go-
vernment of this country in suffering such an insult
'to five millions of Catholics to be the first act of his
Royal Highness's Government in Ireland. —He
would how call the attention of the Meeting to the
Address. It had been laid before the Committee,
and received its concurrence. It has received the ap:
probation of a highly respectable character, Mr. John
'Keogh, whose state of health prevents his personal
attendance on this occasion. It is plain and simples
The obligations which are owing from the Catholics
of Ireland to the Prince's fevered Father, our gracious
Sovereign, constitute the first part of it. It offers as
far as we can do to bring forward the hearts and
flAands of the country in support of his Royal High.
tress, and through whom we have been saved from
having the torch of discord rekindling-the flames of
disunion and anarchy from one part of Ireland to the
other. He trusted there would not be a difference of
opinion as to the Address, which he then read.
Mr. Keogh seconded the Atldreu in a short speech.
Mr. SHIQL complimented the meeting on the una-
nitnity - which prevailed, from which he drew an
auspicious omen of Ireland's destiny. He congratu-
lated them oh the glorious example which was then
set to them of surrounding the Throne with their at.
fections—of approaching a most racial. Prince, not'

1-

e

..

/dfl slaVeiAtig to thole 11!ttatet, bet al itslitlfett
I ap-
pearitft 44 the presence, of an iffectionite Parent.—
(Hear, heor!) He approved of that part of the ad-
dress which condoles} Wtth the Regent on the melan-
choly indisposition of his Royal Father; because it
would chew to the 'world, to the utter confusion of
their calumniating enemies, that they were grateful
for the past—for the many acts of his benevolence.
Can you doubt for a moment his peculiar regard for
this People-400k to his household ? Irishmen are the
confidential friends of his Royal Highness. Doubt not
then with such a certain pledge ofhis regard. He looks
for their address. By the restraints which have been
placed on him, the constitution has been violated. Go,
then, where a breach has been made in the fortification.
Your homage will be a proof of your devotion to his
service, flattering to his hopes, and auspicious to his
reign. See the state he has been reduced to—he is
obliged to retain Ministers who are obnoxious to him—
even Wellesley Pole has compelled him to retain them
.in his service. His Royal Highness is compelled to
retain the man who ranks under the standard, where
the motto is "No Popery." Let us tell the Prince
that we behold with indignation the little Lilliputian
threats that have been wound round him ; that wren
resolved to protect his Royal Highness with our loyalty—
with our everlasting support. ( Hear, hear, hear.) It
will disabuse the People of England=it will chew
them that, although their dominion has been steeped
in our blood, that we can press it with cordial lave to
our hearts. It will refute the base calumny that there
is a French faction in Ireland. What—is it to be sup&
posed that the man who once apostatised—who de
nied the cross—who hurled the successor of St. Peter
into a dungeon, would have abettors in this country?
—Do you hear me, CatiKlics ?—Mr. SHEIL concluded
by an eloquent and pathetic call for unanimity.
ME. BOYLE supported the Address, the motion for
which was then put and carried unanimously.
Major GEORGE BRYAN—After a few animadver-
sions on the conduct of the Lord Lieutenant and Mr.
Pole, moved as a Resolution.—" That a Petition be
forthwith presented from the Meeting to his Royal
Highness the Prince of Wales, praying that his Royal
Hrghness would be graciously pleased to remove from
the Government of Ireland his Grace Charles Duke
of Richmond, and the Right Hon. W. W. Pole, who,
by their recent conduct, have endeavoured, as far as
in them lay, to impede the right of his Majesty's Ca-
tholic Irish subjects to Petition the Legislature for a
redress of grievances."
Mr. HUSSEY seconded the Resolution in a speech of
some length.
Sir PATRICK O'CoNNon gave hit decided dissent to
the resolution. He panegyrzed the measures of the
Duke of Richmond's administration, and spoke highly
of his Grace's liberality to the Cato lics of Ireland
He declared that he spoke the s,.ltinunts of the peo-
ple of Cork. He was frequently interrupted, and his
voice was so inaudible that we cc. uld net collect what
he said.
Sir EDWARD BELLEW, after expressing his deter-
mination to maintain order, said—lt strikes me, Gen-
tlemen, as a matter worthy of serious consideration,
whether we be competent to entertain this question.
We here, according to this resolution, accuse the
Duke of Richmond of having impeded the subject in
the exercise of his right to Petition. I think it objec-
tionable, because it is a sentence of guilt passed upon
him. I would submit to you, Gentlemen, to consi-
der whether this meeting be competent to arraign
him, or to hear his defence. I think we should not
hastily commit ourselves. Hitherto we have con-
ducted ourselves with great moderation, and have felt
the beneficial effects of temperate firmness.
Counsellor Finninterrupted the Chairman and stated,
that it was the practice in England for the people to
address the Throne for the removal of the whole Ad-
ministration—and then asked how it could be argued
that the Catholics of Ireland were incompetent to pe-
tition for the dismissal of two men, whose conduct had
rendered them obnoxious to the people. He instanced
the case that occurred, when Lord Fitzwilliam had
been recalled frnm the Irish Government, when the
Youth of the College expressed their abhorrence of the
secret machinations of the enemies of that revered
Nobleman. He maintained that the Duke of Rich-
mond was particularly obnoxious to the Irish people,
as forming a part of that Administration, which came
into power on a pledge to exclude the Catholics from
the Constitution. He inveighed against the undecided
conduct of the Secretary on the late occasion.
Sir E. Bettew said, that he supposed Mr. Finn
had intended to speak to a point cf order, for other-
wise that he would not have suffered Sir Patrick O'-
Connor to be interrupted.
Lord SOUTISWELL deprecated the measure. It had
been said that the Lord Lieutenant had appointed an
obnoxious character to a seat in the Privy Council,
but it was not proved. His Lordship spoke of the
spirit of conciliation which had been discernible in
Administration, and of the great reluctance which
his Grace felt to place several districts under martial
law. He alluded particularly to the state of the
county of Limerick in 1808, when the- Magistrates
had applied to Government to have it proclaimed—
and that the answer of the Duke of Richmond was,
that he would not issue a proclamation till the law
had taken Its course.
Mr. KEOGH opposed the whole Resolutions in
an eloquent speech. He said that all the country gen-
tlemen were of a different opinion—all the most po-
pular men, who have merited and .obtained the con-
fidence of the people—all the popular men, in whom
the people confide, were against the measure. But
suppose you present this Address, what an answer
can he make? If he should not dismiss the obnoxious
persons, he mast either acknowledge his inability to
protect you, or his disinclination to remove the per-
sons who have excited your resentment. Here are the
horns of a dilemma. You force him to take a deci-
sive part, or perhaps the power which placed him in
authority may dismiss him also. In what situation
will you place his Royal Highness? You want no pro-
fessions of regard, for we know alr‘.-ady that he is our
his friend. His Chief Secretary is an Irishman ; his
household is filled with our countrymen, and we are
sure of his intention whenever he shall obtain power
to fulfil them. At present he does all the good he
can for us. What good purpose can an address effect?
We petition for the removal of the Lord Lieutenant
—will Perceval appoint a better ? (Hear, hear.) If we
make an appliiatton to the Prince, why do we stop
here ?-...why not attack the whole Government ?"
Here Major BRYWN said, " That the reason wby
he did nit include the whole of the Ministers, was,

that tite superior part of the Corernment bad disc.
vowed the act."
Mr. K. concluded by hoping that all argument
would be heard, and by declaring he would give his
most decided opposition to the Resolutions.
After some further discussion, the resolutions were
tidally voted.

Yesterday his Royal Highness the Patna Regan
held a Court at Carlton House. About half past one
his Royal Highness, attended by Colonel Isi'Manost
and General TURNER, his State Secretaries, General
KEPPRI., his Equerry, and Colonel GRANT, his Aid-
de-Camp, left his apartments and proceeded to his
audience-room, where his Royal Highness gave au.
diences to Earl cA.MDiN, the LORD CHANCELLOR, •
blir
Mr. PIERCEVAL, an d ELLENBOROUCIL His Royal '
Highness after eld a Privy Council, which was
attended by ( 'the above)--
The Lord Privy Seal, the First Lord of the Admiralty, the
Mister-Oeneral of the Ordnance, the three Secretaries of Sute,
the President of the Board of Contrast, the Commander-in.
Chief, the Judge Advocate, the Judge of the Admiralty, the
Lord Steward of his Majeuty's Huustliokl, and the Master of the
Horse to the King.
Viscount Chetwynd attended as Clerk of the Council.
The Judge of the Admiralty made his report to his
Royal Highness the PRINCE REGENT, of the trial of
the English sailor convicted some time since at the
Admiralty Sessions, lot being found on board a
French ship.
His Royal Highness held another Council, which
was attended as above, with the exception of Mr.
PRIMEVAL, and at which the Recorder of London
made his report of the convicts capitally convicted at
the last Old Bailey Sessions, vie.—
T 404,4
T. ift.lh.linumbrukilincbcll. Leffee,ingifeelit;ltamearyailaddateriz.
ihmese,; T.agf.3oFweisoanonhvir;angSd: Edwards,
.
air stealing in dindlinvisunes; W. Oldham, for
giltser
. OltsPer : W. PTltatineffar a highway robbery ; and
, for privately wain k a shop ; when his
1411 was Pleated to raafloa *ma during his pleasure.
5. war, Ci.jossme, ma J. Oar, foe issfOry ; 1.. lotta, and J. P.
Csiidosa, eiallay essidosisor mallidowitting and stabbing,
were not repeal. j, Mason. alias Mlus,. - maritally convicted
at tie last sswisa,lhe privately steeling in a shop, previous to duo
Intreceived a ennditional pardon.
. ADAIR was introduced to a private audience of
his Royal Highness, by the Marquis Wrizman',
upon his return from his Embassy to Constantinople;
as was Mr. JiticioN, upon his return from America.
Sit DAVID Dtmoas, the Commandet-in-Chief, had
an audience of his Royal Highness upon military
business. -
Mr. blamtas Sorrow, the Judge Advocate, had
an audience with his Royal Highness, and laid before
him the proceedings of iome Courts Martial.
Tuesday se'nnight, in the Court of King's Bench,
Dublin, Miss KENNY, of Mountmellick, obtained a
verdict of F2OOO, against Mr. PATRICE DILLON, of
Mullicash, near Naas, for a breach of promise of mar-
riage, and seduction.
Among the last arrivals at Bath are—
Countess of Westmorland, Dowager Countess of Roches, Lady
Coghill, Lady James, Lady Vaughan, Lady Smith,
'Junket, Hon. Mr. Hare, Sir Wm. Fitord. Sir Stapleton Cotton,
Admiral and Mrs. bertie, Colonel White, kieutehant Ciinnel
Turban Rev. Mr. Mnanill, Rev. S. Howe, Rev. K. Collins,
Rev. Mr. Laston, Captain and Mrs. Mite, Captain Saunders,
Captairi Lye, Mrs. Davidson, Miss Reid, Mr. and Mrs. Parker.
Several pedestrian matches are to take place in a
few (Pays. A person is to be produced to go 6S miles
in 12 successive hours, to start from the first milestone
on the Deal road, and to tarn every mile-.--bets are 5
to 4 against the person. Another, between Mr. J.
Ellis and Mr. W. Pierce, h to take place on Thurs.
day the 21st inst. The parties are to go from the
Artichoke, at Chatham, to Faversham, and return in
the shortest spate of time, Ellis giving Pierce half an
hour at starting.
MELANCHOLY Acarimt.—As some of the Cadets
were playing at the back of the Cadet Barracks, at
Woolwich, on Tuesday evening last, one of them
struck a bull that had the day before been driven
from Smithfield Market, on its way to Chatham, and
was possibly rendered furious by the cruel treatment
which these poor animals are obliged to endure is
being conveyed from one place to another. The
blow so enraged him that he ran after one of the. ca.
dets some distance, who finding the animal gain upon
him, threw himself flat upon the ground, which com-
pletely prevented the bull from goring him. Disap-
pointed of his revenge, he immediately ran after mica
ther cadet, of the name of ROGERS, and coming up
to him before he was aware of the animal, he pred
the poor youth in the lower part of the haelt, and
drove his horn nearly through the body, tossing h:m
at the same time some height above the grotind. The
animal after this laid himself down close by p,-,or
Rogers, and the other cadet immediately ran trr a.
sistance. A gun was soon procured, and the attic: ..1
killed by firing twice at him. Rogers was then c in.
veyed to the Cadet Hospital with very little In p: s of
life.. He continu 'cl in great agony for some time,
whet a mortification came on, and he died the next
day.—What readers the circumstance more afflicting
Is, that hp was a youth of great Promise, of most
amiable disposition, extremely well-beloved by his
brother-cadets and all who knew him, and would is
a very short time have had his commission in the
Royal Artillery. He was nephew to the banker and
the poet of that name.
CORN MARKET, MARK-LANE, MARCH 15.—There
are several further arrivals of Wheat to-day, partly
from Scotland, and sales rather give way in price--
The arrivals of ,Barley are again large, this week
about 30,000 quarters, and sales at a further reduction
in price—Malt heavy sale—White and Grey Pe-i,.
and Beans of each sort, nearly at late prices—New
Ticks 325. to 375.—01 d as per currency—Oats like-
wise arrived again in abundance ; second and interior
qualities are cheaper—Flour continues at our late
quotation.
Norwich Cattle Market on Saturday was well sup-
plied with fat beef anJ fat mutton, and sales were
heavy at a late hour. Beef of prime quality fetched
9s. 6d. per stone, and mutton 7td. per l'-". There
was a good show of lean beasts, and sales were el-
fenced at about 6s. per stone. Hogs were plentiful
and cheaper. There was a good :hew of cart-horst:Ft
and for one 65gs. were asked. At the Corn Market
on Saturday, Wheat was sold at 425. Barley 14s. to
15s. Oats 15s. and Beans 18s. per coomb.
At Winnold Fair, Norfolk, on Monday se'nnight,
cart colts were sold at higher prices than ever reinem-
bered. One London dealer, we hear, gave 41500
for 14 horses. Malay purchasers of young prime horses
were obliged to return home with their money in their
pot kets, owing to the short supply, and the avidity
with which they were bought.
