FRENCH PAPERS.

CHAMBER 01? DEPU CIES.

PROJET OF TIIE LAW RELATIVE TO TILE CUSTOXIS.

Louts, by the Grace of Goo, &c.
Convinced of the necessity of reconciling the Laws
relative to the Customs with the (rue interests of the
commerce and industry of our kingdom, we have
commanded our Minister of Finances to proceed with
all possihle.celerity in a general revision of the T;:riff
of said Customs ; but this 4/Toil:lnt and complicated
work acquires time and consideratiim. •
We Are, however, sensible, that among the r?gvil
Cons now in force, or which have merely been inoe.i-
fiAl by provisional regulations, there are soul:: wl;icli
call fir oar immediate attention, tix actual in-

tervention of the Legislative authority.
For these causes, with the advice of our Counc:; cal
State, we hav ordained, and Ilerphy ordain as follows

TITLE FIRST.-IMPORTATIONS AND EXPORTATiONS•

Art. Ist. Duties shall h.re.tfter b: levied on the
entrance into our kingdom of F,Dods and merchan,lik:es
from abroad, conf am to the following I'm tr, viz. :
Coffee of the French Colonies, imported is French ship,, Fri.
per metrical qnitifil - - - 60
Raw Sugar, of the French Colonies, imported in French
ships, per do. - - - - -
•-.--- For.:igti, per do. - .
Clayed Sugar, and Sucre Toste of the Frestch Colonies,
imported in Fr.:ncli ships, per do. - -
Foreign cloyed Sugar, and Sucre Tt3te, per do.
Refined Sugar, per do. -
Cocoa, per do.
Chocolate, per do. - -
Teas of all sorts, per kilogramme -
Pepper and Pimento, per do. •
Clove', icr metrical quintal
Cinnamon, per do. - -
Nutmeg, per do. • •
Vanilla, per do. -
Re.! Bark, per do. .
Yellow Blrk, per do.
Other liArl,,, per do. - . - • •
Dye W.mds, in billets and chips of Brazil or Pernam-
buco, per do. - -
All other Dye Wcculs in billets, per do.
Dye Wood, ground, per do.
Gall Nut,, per do. -
Rucou, per do. -
Cechineal, per killogramme .
Indigo, ter du. .
Needles, per do. -
Fire-arms, per metrical quintal
COMMON II A RDWAR E.S.
Scythes and Sickles' per metrical quintal
Other Agricultural Instruments, per do. - -
Files packed from one to six in the packet, Pincers, Ham-
mers, foot Vices, Anvils, and other Inrruments of
pure Iron, per do. - - . -
Saws, ambit ts, Planes, Carpenter,' and Smiths' Chissels,
Hand VIM, and other Iron Tools, steeled, per do.
VINE HARDWARE:A.

- - - - 130
- - . - 100
- - 150
. - - 3
• 1 .
9
6

.
. . .

5
2

15
10

15
• VO

6
1:10

100
CU

Files for Goldsmiths and Watchmakers, Awls, Pep,
Punches, Graven, and other Tools of pure Steel, per
me7rical <pinta! -
N. 13. All other Tools can only be received in packets of
fifty killograrnmes and upwards, without mixture of
the sort; subject to different
Iron Ancres, per c.o.
Tier Plate, per do.
Old Iron prohibited.
Linen and Hempen Cloth, unbleached, per do.
.--- bleached, per do.
Damask and Fable Linen, per d..
Wrought Linen, per do. -
Ticking and Mattrass Cloth -
Packing Cloth, per do.
Glazed Cloths, per do.
Wax Cloths, per do. -
Painted Cloths of one texture, per do.
N.B. Cloths of different descriptions most lie presented
In packages of a hundred killogramines and upwards,
and without mixture of the sorts designated in the
Tariff.

.
.

100

150

15
. 68

• 100
- 120
. • - 200
• - . 250

- - . 150
- - - . 60
- - - - 60
- - 100
300

India Nankeen, per metre, SO cents.
Lace, ad valorem, IS per cent,
Coarse Earthen Ware, per metrical quintal
Dried untanned Hides, either Ox or Horse, per do. -
Cotton Wool of every kind, per do. weighing duty.
Ivory or Elephants' Teeth, per do. -
Zinc, per do. - -
Sodas, per do. - - - . •
Dried Pitch and Tar, and all sorts of Rosin of pine and
fir, per do.
Potashes, per do. - -
Salt Meat imported by sea, per do.' -
---- land, per do. -
Sea Fish, foreign caught, either fre,b, dried, salted, or
impaled, including Stockfish, Cud, *fhunny, and An-
chovies, per do. - - , - -
Fossil, or Gem Salt, per do. - • •
Wine of Benicarlo and Alicant, (of the growth of the last
Harvest only), imported in pipes at the ports of Cette
and Agde, and exclusively destined for the port of
Baurdeaux, per bectoi.te - - - - 10
Art. 2d. Duties shall be hereafter levied on cxrr-
tation from the territories of our kingion: on guAls,
conform to the following Tariff :
Salt Meat, weighing duty.
Pleasure Armes (Armes de Luxe), per rtes. 0,11:r.t.11 - 5
Cotton Wool of all sorts, per ditto
Geldings, Mares and Foals, each - - - - - 1$
Goats, ditto 1
Gold and Silver in ingots, or coined in a foreign nii:it, excepted.
-- ---- coined in French mints, .Ict•pted, bus on condi- 1
tion of obtaining a certificate from the aunt, cetufying that
matter of equivalent value has been g.ven In.
Art. 3J. All t'. e customs on importation and ex-
portation, except clime indicated in the preceding ar-
ticles, shall continue to be levied conform to the laws
and decrees tendered prior to the lit Apia 1..5t.
The additional tenth on the customs iniposesl by the
I iw of the 6 Ptairial year 7, shall continue to be he-
vicd tilt it shall be otherwise ordained.
TITLE ll.—Taansi.r.
4th. The foreign goods nettled at the close of the
present article, shall be adhiittcd iu Transit into the
Kingdom, exempt from all duty, except that of the
commercial weighing, on bg,iag expedited from tip

• 6
15

• 100
10
15

- 20
8
1 I

ports which enjoy the right of real adroit conform to
the law of the Bth Floreal, year 11, and from those of
Calais and Dieppe, undo/ the conditions and forma.
lilies undomentioned,
Raw Sugar, Clayed Sugar and Sucre Tee, COCOS, Coif', or
Caulice, Rocou, Cotton Woul, Dry Untanned Or Hides,
Pepper and Pimento, Tea, Cinnamon, Cleves, Bark, liki.barb.
All Mediciintl Drugs and Articles used in P:rfultery aid
Dyeing, anti ranged in the class of Drugs and Spices in the Tariff
of 1651, ca.:ludic.; I sv ever from the Transit Ods and Essences,
and ctsjects of the Spice commerce Dot denominated In the re-
cant s:atement.
Acii'lou Wood in logs or planks, Dye-woods In Wets, Whale.
I ot,e, Islephants' Teeth, Tortoise Shell, Ordinary A's is. Are-
lancdo, Azure in stones or smalt. Acute Dust, Dry Pitch, Far,
White or Black litcb, Su. Unwrought Yelhow or White Wax,
Fish Glue, Brii..ler, Horn for Lanterns and Combs, Block I in,
• Uthid Fruits, Oranges, Citrons and Lemons, Woad,
Woal On! Umpun 1-I:ir, Cork in planks, Orseille onprrpared,
Star, 'Jeer, Ki 4, and Gott Skins unprepared. Hue and Rabbit
• unprepared, Po:ashes and tartar 0* Bark, ilia,
S.ida, Raw Sulphur and Brimstone, Sumac.
Those who wish to have the benefit of this
transit must declare at the Custom house the quanti•
ties, kinds, qualities, &c. and have them properly ve-
rified, and permits given.
6 h. F. 1142 declarations, with a view orohtaining
the Transit irregularly, will subject the offender to
the penalties o! the law cf the `ii Al August, 1791.
7th. The head Officers at Customhouses will take
care that goof i be so packed and arranged as to pre-
vent subtr,tet Ti;ey arc to have the power of as-
cer:ai:;ilig the weight to prevent discussion at the
ports of cri)ortation, respecting the real quantities of
goods.
Bth. The Transit to be wholly at the risk of the
t: adcrs, who are not to plead exemption of duty from
vial or partial loss of the goods, excepting in casts
• I.)ssas justified by prva verbal of a Judge.
9th. Goois sent in Transit must be reported cf a
healthy si;tr.
W:on the Transit shall be granted for a par.
,ague of morn than ten tlynametres, the permits to
point out an Interior Bureau, where examination muse
take slave.
1 ail. Drugs, Perfumeries, and Dyes, shat only
enjoy the light of transit on entering by one of the
ports of Dunkirk, Havre, Rouen, Nantes, Bourd. aux,
and Marseilles, and on condition that each kind a11..1i
be separate and form a bale, chest, &c.
12th. The Heads of Custom houses, when the ex-
portation takes pine, not to grant certificates of dis-
charge cf the permit till afteran exact verifisadon.—
They must also exact before the discharge that the
goods be conveyed into other countries, under the
guidance of custom-house officers.
13th. Goods exempted from the-importation duties
of the tariff, not to be subjected to the formality of
permits for transit. _

14th. The dispositions of the Articles 5,6, 7,8,
9, 10, 12, and 13, of this law, to be applied to the
different local or special transits already authorised its
the Custom-house ft egulations, and to those which
may hereafter be permitted.
TITLE 111.-PENAL ENACTMENTS.

15th. All prohibited merchandize, if attempted
be introduced, either by sea or land, shall be confis-
cated, as well as the ships, horses, carriages, &c. era•
played in transporting them. The proprietors of the
said good;, masters orvessels, drivers of carriages.
kc. so employed,- to be fined 500 francs, when the
vain* of the contraband goods does not exceed that
sum ; but, when exceeding it, they shall be 'fined irk
a sum equal to the value of the goods.
16th. Justices of the peace, in the districts where
prohibited goods may b.:. found, shall alone be ecru-
petent to determine their illerality, except in the cases
provided in the following articles. -
17th. Where snore than three persons are concern-
ed in introdacing prohibited goods, independeetly of
confiscation and pecuniary tine, they shall be con-
demned to an imprisonment of not less than three
months, nor exceeding one year.
18th. When an iddiv;dual is brought before a PISA
tice of the peace, conformably to the 16th Article,
and it shall appear dist he is en recidime, he shall then
be rernandei before the correctional tribunal, who
shall pronounce the vntence as enacted in the pre-
ceding article, only mitigating the duration of the
imprisonment to fifteen days at the least, or three
months at the most.

19th. Individu ils who are not pat en arratation,
pursuant to articles 17 and 18, shall be cited to ap-
pear personally before a correctional tribunal, the ci-
tation to be delivered at his place of residence, if he
live within the jurisdiction of the tribunal, but if not.
it shall be served at the house of the prontreur die Rd,
near the said tribunal.

There must be three days at least between the
citation and the time fur appearing.
20;11. If on the day appointed the person do not
appear, sentence shall be given.
21g. If the party appears, and prays for a delay.
not more than three days shall be granted, at the ex-
piration of which, sentence shall be given, whether
the party be present or not.
‘2.11. Offences committed towards, or by the over-
seers of the customs, such as prevarication. contts-
inacy, &c. ; and those relating to contrabankt goods.
committed by riotous bodies, force of arts, &c. shall
be prosecuted and punished cenlormably to the 6th
title of the ads d'lnieructios Crieimile, articles 177
and 178, sect. 2, of the Penal Code, and 2J9 a
sect. 4, of the same code.

23J. The preceding; articles, from 15 to 21 (both
inclusive), arm applicable, except in what rel.ttes tab
the confiszation ot veziris, carriages, &c. to all temp-
tations or incitements I.:r the introduction ot
chanclise, rated at a duty not exceeding '2O francs the
quintal wririgme; but this applies only to the case
where the goods seized shall be ot the weight of 50
kilogrammes and upwards ; the penalties relative to
importations tef smaller quantitie. :commit.% the sant"
as are decreed by the general laws.
24th. slite laws ot the tsoth August, 1791, 4th
Germinal au. 2, 14th Fructsdor, an. S, 9th Flertal,
an. 7, and other laws anti regulations relative to cus-
toms, shall continue in force, except where they hare
been repealed by other laws, or are contrary to the
prescut enactments.

TITLE I v.—SA LT.
25th. The tax on S•ilt bit Levied until th! lat
of LaturY. 1815, at the uste of tour dechnts Inc:
killogrAmtne.•

From tue date e of the Is:. Isobar,' clis tax shah be
reduced to titter decitne per. icullogramine.
264 h. The deduction cf five per cent. enacted by
art. 12 of the Decree of the 11th June, 1806, for all
salt procurcd from silt marshes, is raised to tat per

cent. for that which h sent to its desination ale 11:
:roe-, conformably to the enactment of the 14. th ar-
ticle of the same regulation.
tath. There shall be granted, as a deduction in
the fabrication of salt made in salt-houses, where the
salt is produced by the action of firt:, ten per cent, in
the profit of the salt-maker ; and this is to be inde-
pendently a the deduction of five per cent. enjoyed
by the purchaser at the time of carrying it away,
pursuant to the nth art. of the llth June 1806
'2Bth. The mode Of superintending the salOmises
relative to the fabrication of s dt, &c. shall be fixed'
by a settled rule of the public administration. •
29th. Contraventions of Cie law of the 244..% April
1806, shall be cognizable by the Justices of the Peace
is whose districts the offences are committed.
The fine of 100 francs decreed by the 57th article
of the said law is individual

30th. If the fraud be committed by three persons
or more conspiring together, they shall be, indepen-
dently of the confiscation of the silt, vehicles of con-
*cyance, and the separate tine of not less tniin 200,
and not more than 500 francs, condemned to an im-
prisonment of not less than 1.5 days, and not more
than two months.

21st• the penalties decreed by the preceding ar-
ticle shall be inflicted upon every individual, except
is cases where vie 4/ender is to be remanded before
the correctional tribunal.

82ii. The Overseers of Customs may, conformably
to the Bth article of the regulation of the 11th June,
1806, search the salt depots within their respective
districts. Seizures cannot be made, unless there be
at least fifty kilogrammes of salt, tor which the duty
shall not be paid. These visits cannot he made in
inhabited houses until after sun-rise and before sun-
set, nor without a municipal officer. In all cases,
they are interdicted is Communes containing above
2000 persons.
33d. The enactments of the laws of the 24th of
April, 1806, and all regulations relative to salt, con-
tinue in force, wherever they are not contradictory to
the present rules._

M. LE BARON Louts also proposed the projet of a
law on the subject of liquors, which establishes the
system of permits, which documents are made neces-
sary on the transportation of all liquors from place
to place—as wine, cider, or perry; transported from
the dwelling of the farmer no duty is to be levied,
except twenty.five centimes, the cost of the permit.
The-sante exemption is granted to dealers, distillers,
and others who wish to transport liquors from one to
another. In other cases, a transport duty, conform-
ably to the tariff annexed, is to be exacted. The ne-1
cessary arrangements follow to prevent fraud on the
revenue and loss to the proprietors. Contraventions
of this law are punished by confiscations of the li-
quors seined, and a fine of from 200 to 600 francs.
Duties are to be levied on the entry of liquors into
towns, as well as on the sale by the dealers, and full
regulations, which can be only interesting to the in-
habitants of France. The tariffs containing the
amount of the duties to be paid have not arrived : in
the city of Paris, the duty imposed; instead of the
existing one, is on the hectolitre—of bottled wine ten
francs, of wine in casks ten francs, of cider or perry
four francs, of plain brandy (22 degrees and under)
fifteen francs, of bottled brandy, cordials, &c. thirty
francs., A duty of two francs per hectolitre is also
Imposed on the brewing of strong beer, and one franc
per hectolitre. on small beer. B ,th for breweries and
distilleries licenses are necessary, for which ten francs
must be paid ; they must be renewed yearly. Per-
sons who brew for the csnsumption of their families',
are subject to the same taxes as professional brewers,
except the expense of licenses.
A battle of any spirits is taken at a litre, 100 of
which make an hectolitre.
MADSLID, SEPT. ts.
We receive very favourable accounts from various
parts of our colonies : we are assured that the insur-
gint
army of Santa Fe, commanded by Islsveno, has
been obliged to capitulate.
The Icif.g continues to visit, wikhout previous no-
tice, and incerriie, the barracks auld public establish-
ments.

A long decree of his Majesty restores to the Coun-
cil of Castile the inspection of the magazines of grain
in the kingdom, one of its old functions. This tri-
bunal is now placed on exactly the same footing as at
the commencement of the 17th century.
There have been some military executions at Cadiz ;
and it appears that these severities have produced the
effect which the Captain-General expected : the public
mind is now calm.
They write from Barcelona, that that city is seri-
ously employed in restoring its rnanufactures, which
had suffered severely from the war.
PARISI SU' !TABER 26.
The by a Decree of the 23d, had conferred
the decorations of the Royal and Military Order of
St. Louis on 213 Officers of the Marine. Several
zealotis and eminent Surgeons have been honoured
with similar distinctions—of these, many are in the
Russian and Prussian services, individuals of that
important profession who have attended French sick
and wounded with diligence and fidelity.
The statue of General Desseix is removing from
the Place des Victoires. Its taste and execution were
both so bad as long to have disgusted the public eye.
The Duke of Angoulerne yesterday visited the Po-
lytechnic Schoch, and inspected the whole t f that
establishment. Ile was received by the Cadets with
that frankness, vivacity, and attachment which cha-
racterise their age.
The King has granted the. decoration of the I.e.
Rion of Honour to Doctors Wylie and Crichton, first
Physicians of the Russian army, and to several miters
of the principal medical men of the allied armies, in
consideration of the services rendered by them to sick
and wounded French soldiers. •

The Kinl has permitted Mr. Philip Dormer Stan-
hope, a native of London, and resident at Paris, to
establish his domicile in France, and there to enjoy
all civil rights.
It is thought that the Congress of Vienna will esta-
blish a uniformity of weights and measures in Ger-
many.
Tt is now looked upon as certain that Augsburg
usill again become a flee and independent city, and
that st will be in future the seat of the supreme tribu-
nal of the Germanic empire. NureMberg also hopes
to see its independence restored.
It is not merely at Rome that the monastic orders
are reviving in all their 'glory. The Capuchins of
Florence have also resumed their holy habit and long
beard, aad re-altered auk MOM of Mvatughi.

rr -

N ING S rAlt.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1814..
PRICE OF 1 OCKS THIS DAY Al TWELVE O'CLOCK
Consols 66f 65 fif—Comols for account 66f 67 66a 6ti
5 per Cent. Navy niiii—Oinnium, Iffl4st lf dis.
Bonds Si. to 7s. pre —Exchequer Bills Is, dia. to par.

The account of the celebration of the Eleventh
.Anniversary of Ilaytian Independence, given in the
Preceding p:sge, is far from being void of interest.
The heart sickens at the prospect of the storm which
'threatens again to enslave them. May the GOD of
Battles protect them, and break the chains of slavery
throughout the earth !

Since yesterday, we have received Paris Papers of
Monday and Tuesday last. The contents of Mon.
day's Papers are in preceding columns—those of
Tuesday's are subjoined. The proceedings of the
Chamber of Deputies on Monday alone present any
thing like interest with respect to the internal affairs
of France. M. DUFOUftGERAIS proposed a law for en.
couraging the iron and steel manufactories of France.
In substance, it amounts to a prohibition of the im-
portation of manufactured iron from any. other coun-
try. The projet was ordered to he printed.—The
debate on the law of `Naturalization was postponed
to another sitting. A Petition was presented from a
great number of Emji/oyes in the Revenue under
BONAPARTE, who, since the restoration of several
Departments to the rightful owners, had been
taut of employment, and were literally starving.—
The Reporter indeed stated, that many of them
had committed suicide from desperation. The peti-
tion was remitted to the Minister of Finance, but
Baron Louts, who was present, lamented that al.
though the recommendation of the Chamber of De-
puties would doubtless strengthen the claims of the
supplicants, he did not know where to find a fund
out of which to afford them relief.

We select a few articles of intelligence from vari-
ous parts of Europe : our Readers will of course take.
the Angsburgh article with due caution : it is of
French manufacture as usual.

Great exertions are making by King JoActin! of
Naples to secure his seat on the Throne : the Neapo-
litan Journal attempts to impress a belief that he pos-
sesses the affections of the soldiers and the people.
We would doubt this assertion were it for no other
reason than from its being so repeatedly served up to
as by the same cooks, tape ad nauseam.
