IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS. Maim 11.
The Duke of WELLINGTON resented a petlt►on from Bristol
against slavery. Also a petition from Manchester against the beer laws.
Lord OOSFORD presented petitions from Newry, and the County
of Suffolk, for Parliamentary Reform.
Peak's' to the same effect were presented by Lord KING from Can.
terkury, and the Duke of RICHMOND from Peterhead.
On the modooof Lord AUCKLAND the Colonial Trade Mamboed
through a Committee.
The Marquis of BUTE presented a petition from the merchants
and ship-owners of Greenock against the East India monopoly.
Viscount GODERICH moved an address to his Majesty foe a re-
port of the Commissioners appointed under the act of 1820, to inquire
into the receipts and expenditure of the Colonial department.—Ordered.

Lad BIND presented a petition from a parish near Raster for an
alteration in the tithe system. The petitioners complained that tithes
were collected from them to the amount of 000). a year. That sum
was paid into the Cling And of the Cathedral of Exeter, whilst the
Curate of the perish olds _ossoloodllol. a year.
The Bishop of EXIT= nil this was ono of the cases over which
the Bishops had no corm&
Lord WYNFORD mY astrangant arrangements, such as the pe.
titloners stated, called for legislative interferoaos.
The Archbishop of CANTIBRBURT expressed regret that corpo-
rations had no power to name the stipends of curates. It was his
intention after the recess, to brims in a bill, which would give ecclesi-
astical corporations authority to ism* misapplication of tithe, and
remedy disgraceful scenes, which amused in the collection of tithes.
The most reverend prelate also expected to be able to lay on the table
after the recess, two other bills which he had long contemplated, but
had been prevented from Winging the same forward by causes it was
not necessary then to explain. There was another bill to be brought in
after the meeting of the house, for the restriction of pluralities, which
would place them under such a regulation as would prevent abuses.—
(Hear, bear.) There was also aMU which had been mentioned to the
house, namely, the bill for composition of tithes, and his hope was that
it would be ready for the consideration of their lordships soon after
the recess.

WEST INDIAN IXTEIIST.
ThrMarquis of BUTE presented a petition from the Merchants of
Oresoock, praying that their claims to compensation for loss of West
Indian property, might receive the of Parliament. The yeti.
tioners complained of the pr of the Anti• Slavery Society,
which had excited a ay against them, highly dettimeotal to their
interest.

Lord CARBERY presented a petition from the Merchants of Cork,
complaining of distress, arising from the present state of West India
property, and praying for protection.

POOl LAWS.
Lord GLENCIALL presental a petition from the county of Tipper-
ary, against the introduction of Poor Laws to Ireland, and praying for
AA asseannent.

ADJOURNMENT.

Earl GREY communicated to their Lordships, that the Adjournment
would take place to.morrow, until Tuesday. the 12th of April, but
with respect to judicial proceedings, there would be no adjournmunt be.
fore next week.

Lord lELNYON expressed a wish to know why the house, contrary
to its practice, met on Easter Monday.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, he was anxious to get rid of
the urea: of appeals. It would be desirable to say at the end of the
Session, that be had disposed of all the appeals standing for argument
up to Easter. As to Easter Monday, he had no objection to mailer
his holidays, and, instead of going out of town, he should prefer taking
causes for the benefit of tile suitors. It was not uncommon to hi
Judges sitting in the Easter week, and it would be a great relief to
the judicial business of that house, if he could dispose of two oe three
Scotch appeals.
The house then adjourned at six o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMON& Blanca 29.

_ ------ --
The Lambeth Water Works Bill was read a second time, sad ordered
to be committed.

Mr. H. DAVIS presented a petition from merchants and others of
Bristol, for compensation In the event of the colonial slavery being
abolished.

♦NTI-IE7OIY PZTITIONS.

Col. LUSHINOTON presented three petitions from Carlialt
the Ministerial plan of Reform. He trusted that when the Bill went
into Committee there would be such alteration in it as would secure the
interests of all classes.

The Marquis of CH ANDOS declared that he should give his
most decided opposition to the bill in its present state. He was not
opposed to all '&6em—and he hoped is the Committee it would
be made such a bill as would make it a constitutional measure of
Rafael's.

Mr. H. DAVIS was not against all Reform, but it ought not to
be one Waisted to Injure-the interests of any elms of the comma.
silty. The bill, in its present shape, would have his most decided
opposition.
Pedtions ordered to be printed.
Lord C. TOWNSEND presented 28 petitions from various places,
foe the abolition of Negro Slavery.
