BRUSSELS Ala) FRANKFORT PAPERS.

EitUSEI.S, SEPTEMBER 29.
Six o'Clock, p. m.—His Majesty the Emperor of
Russia, whose arrival has been announced for some
days, has this moment entered our walls. The dis-
charge of 101 cannon announces this agreeable news.
—llis Mijesty alighted at the Palace in the Park,
where he was received by the King.
In the yesterday's sitting of the Second Chamber,
a message was received from the First Chamber,
stating, that it adopted the proposals of the Second
Chamber. . .
I. For thp cieation of the Order of the Belgic Lion; and 2d,
for a dotation for the Prince of Waterloo, Duke of Wallington;
and that*. it has communlvted these two proposals to his Majesty,
requesting hint to confirm them by his Royal sanction.
The President announced to the Chamber, that
his Majesty, in conformity with the 58th Art. of the
Constitution, lays before the Chambers—
tat. The Treaty of Accession to Great Britain, concluded at
Vienna, March 23,181.5,
2d. The Convention between Rtissla' Great Britain, and the
Netherlands, to regulate definitively the Russian Debt in Hot-
land, concluded at London, 39th May, ICU.
Sti. The Boundary Treaty with Prussia, concluded at Vieniia,
Slst May, 1813.
4th. 'l he Beundary Treaty with Ens'and, concluded at Vi-
enna, Slat M.ty, 181.3.
T.--day at one o'clock the Members of tho First
Chamber, who sit in the flue Hall of the former
States of Brabant, repaired t.- the Second Chamber,
which sits also in a Hall of the Hotel de Ville. In
this extraordinary Sitting the Session will be closed.
The Members of the First Chamber were dressed in '
black, and wore swords.
The triumphal arch at the WillianfGate is rebuild-
ing, anti scaffolding erecting on the ancient battery
of the rampart fur an illumination. The bridge
!made on the occasion of the trance of the King of
the Netherlands will be re-establis'ied.
par'ations are made fur the arrival of the august St:.
verrigns.
The Emperor of Russia slept last night at Feaonne.
Some Cossacks of the gum.d arrived hst night at
Halle, where, with the Belgian cavalry, they remain-
ed till the arrival of the Russian Emperors to .:cccm-
pany -him into this city. The Ntrrison is under arms,
sad the chosen companies of the Burgher Guard, on
foot and on horseback, are called together to go and
meet our powerful Ally.

F.RI CIACT CF A POl VATZ LETTER FROM FARIS OF TUE
r-- OF SEPTEMBER.
68 It is difficult to give an exact account of the
state cf the public mind : there are many parties, but
the presence ot the foreign troops represses opinion.
The liberty of the press no longer exists; an ordi-
nance suppressed all the Journals; some of them
have since obtained permission to appear, but doubt-
less upon conditions which rerider them destitute of
all interest.
64 If I may judge by what I see, and by what I
hear, the very great majority of the French desire the
Bourbons; they feel that there is no salvation for
France, except in a dynastf.which ages have conse-
crated ; but this great majority is divided into many
classes. Some desire the Bourbons out of attach-
ment to them ; others, upon deliberation and cake-
lation ; some will have them at any price, and be
whatever they may. There are some, who, while
they honour and esteem the King, fear that he or his
successors may return to a system which is no loriger
in harmony with the ideas ot the times.
66 If the King does not.shock people's opinions, if
be forgets the past, if he will make to the French
some trifling concessions, he will be adored by them.
The diversity of opinions, however, requires that an
irr;:iosing force remain ter some time in France to
consolidate the power of the King ; but, as I ob-
'erved, if the King cunducts himself with goodness,
time will at last confirm his power; people will se-
esaw:ow themselves to the new order of things, and
the King will at last draw round him those who may
have tilt sons.: aversion towards him ; it is then that
France wiil be saved ; and tl.is is what I think will
happen.
A minority had declared for the Duke of Or.
leans, but it does not seem that this par; is at all
formidable."

SWITZERLAND, SEPTENtrIER 22.
Wit} in dies, few Ogys tkre have passed by Buie
and Rheinweiler 25,000 Austriin troops of all arms,
amti.g others the fine regiment of Szedrier hussars,
which returns to its usual garrison in Transylvan'a.
Tne greater part of these troop- game from the con
fines of burgundy And Fr4nche Compte.

FRANKFORT, SEPTKMBER U.
Whitley/CT the kao is journals may ssy, La Vendee
is not o.barmcd ; or the other Fideres have taken up
arms ; the Royalists nail the Constitutromaists are in
prest:nee 01 each other ; almost as mach is feared as
hoped from the two Chambers; in short, France still
contains all the elements of a revolution, and only
the lops btay of the foreign troops Can preserve her
Iron it. •
'1 he police lately bAffled a movement, the object
of which,waS to regime the Kies to remuee.the
Princes, and to appoint the Duke of Orleans Iris
s"c"s°f° 'NShas B.l* jise ;6*PFOll$ Wester

. ,

IOMN 4KER10.4

Na V.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
The Provinces called Venezuela, of which the town
of Caraccas is the capital, are Barinas, Guayana?
Maracaybo, Cumana, and CAraccas. The rivers
Tachira and Arauca divide Venezuela from New
Grenada. The Municipality of Caraccas, in con-
, junctinn with the Deputies nominated by the people,
assumed the reins of Government the 19th of April,

1810, taking the appellation of Junta Suprema.—
One of their first decrees was to arrest the Captain-
General, and the members of the Audience, whom
they immediately sent to the United States of Ame-
rica ; treating them at the same time with every
mark of distinction.

Before I proceed in my narrative, it may be well
to enumerate those remarkable occurrences which
have most strongly marked the nvolotion of Vene-
zuela :—first, the establishment of the Junta Su-
prema ; secondly, that of the Congress General,
which succeeded it ; thirdly, the Dictatorship of
General MIRANDA; fourthly, Caraccas being taken
possession of by MONTLVERDE; fifthly, the Congress
of New Grenada sending General BOLIVAR to in-
vade the country, in which he succeeded ; sixthly,
the battle of La Puerta, which gave to the Royalists,
under the command of BOVEi, possession of Caraccas.
The Junta Suprema was not acknowledged by the
Governor of Guayana, nor by the Military Com-
mandant of Coro, one of the Departments of the
Province of Caraccas ; nor by Don N. MIGARRS.
Governor of Maracaybo. From Coro and Mira-
caybo, all the forces have issued which have nearly
destroyed Venezuela. Conan* and Baines sent
their Deputies to the Junta Suprema, but without
obeying its decrees ; and by this conduct they left
roo►n for the forming a plan of a Confederation,
similar to that of the United States of North Ame-
rica, which few understood, and the greater number
had not even heard of.

The Patriotic Government immediately turned its
attention to the Court of St. IMO% and asked the
protection of England, sending Deputies to London
for this purpose; but the only answer they received
was, an assurance that the English would preserve a
perfect neutrality with respect to the differences that
existed between Spain and its Colonies, provided-
the Colonies continued to acknowledge Feunixop
the Seventh.

The Members themselves of the Junta Suprema

informed the Regency of Spain and of the Indies, of '
the changes that had taken place at Caraccas ; openly
declaring the fears of the pcuple, awl their reasons
for establishing a Government, which should at the
same time protect their own rights, and acknowledge
those of FERDINAND the Seventh ; generously offer-
ing every assistance which Venezuela could give ro
Spain for the support of the war against the Preach. -
This conduct appeared only to irritate the Regency,
who proclaimed all innovators of the old Government
r rebels, and ail the Ports under the dominion of the
Patriots in a state of blockade. Don N. CORTA•
BARRIA was deputed to Puerto Rico, with directions
to recall Venezuela to its former subjection. This
representative of the Regency, first addressed him-
self to the Patriotic Chiefs, exhorting them to dissolve
the Government, and promising that then the com-
plaints of the people should meet with redress. In
consecpience of the negative given to his proposals,
Don N. CORTABARRIA had recourse to other methods;

spies, and emissaries of every description, were sent
to all parts of Venezuela, with the intent of effecting
a counter-revoltition. Threats, promises, and even
deceptions of every kind were tried for this purpose.
While the attention of the Regency WAS thus en-
gaged, the Junta Suprema published a regulation
for ebusing the Members, who were to form the Con-
gress General, by the voice of the people ; and com.
mantled that an attack should be immediately made
on the Department of Coro, where the Royalists had
fortified themselves under the command of Don N.
CZBALLO, assisted by the Governors of MAracaybo
and Puerto Rico, and their number increased by the.
Spanish emigrants from Caraccas.
The Marquis of Tono, at the bead of nearly $OOO
armed men, invaded the enemy's territory in the
month of November, 1810. All gave way before
him, even to the suburbs of the city of Caro, where
the enemy made the strongest resistance. An extent
of more than forty leagues of wild and sandy coun-
try divide the cities of Coro and Carora, from whence
the Venezuelan army had marched. Genera) 'Mao
neglected to station his forces so as to preserve inter-
course with the city of Capra. By this neglect all
communication was cut off ; and provisions for his
army failing, he was under the necessity.of making
~ retreat, which he did not effect without many diffi-
culties, which were only tO be conqUered by force of
arms. General Tono's expedition failed ; but it
served at least to prove, for the first time, that Ca-
raccas could furnish an army that could fight or fall
with valoir, and was neither deficient in discipline or
courage.

The General Congress, composed of nearly fifty

Deputies, assembled at Carucci's the 2d of March,
11811, and opened its Sessions by nominating three
persons who were conj.,nctively to enforce the laws;
the next step they took was to declare Venezuela in.
depencNot of every foreign Power. The hostile mea-
sures of the Regency of Spain, the despotism of the
CiTil Stagiatcatm; which the Court of. Madrid made

THE EVENING STAR..

LONDON

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1815.

Last night we received a letter from Cornnna,
which ought to have reached us by the last Mail, but
owing to an obliteration in the address was miscar.
ried. In theabsence of later accounts it cannot fail
to prove interesting to every friend Gf justice—to
every enemy of oppression, in as far as it shews that
up to the latest moment before the sailing of the
packet, no certain accounts had reached Corucoa of
any personal calamity having befallen the brave man
who has so patriotically devoted himself for the de-
liverance of his country.
It is true that /the Captain-Genet-11 Sr. MARCO
spread a report, on the m rnir of the 24th Septem-
ber, that Fortuna had been taken g but it is equally
true, that this report was by no means generally cre-
dited: on the contrary, it was conceived to be a rase
desaerre Oil the part of the Ferdinaadists to intimi-
date the people, and to induce them to support the
servile& The conclOding period of ourCorrespondent!s
Letter deserves particular notice. The few military
who had lent their assistance to Sr. Masco, who bad
expected (probably on assurances of that hind given
to them by the lying friars) that they would be joined
by reinforcements of troops from other parts, had nut
on the morning of Sunday the 21th, seen a single
soldier come to their support. This looks well ; and
our apprehensions, though not quite dissipated, have
been lessened by the receipt of the subjoined letter.
' We have very great satisfaction in being able ou
this occasion to state, that, respecting the atrocious
acts of the restored Government which have at length
roused the victims of its oppression and cruelty to
acts of resistance, the conduct of the PRINCE RRORNT
Of BRITAIN and his Ministers has been precisely that
which a generous, tree, and high-tninded people
would have wished—exactly that which, they will,
approve. Ever since the commencement of thew
lawless acts; that is, ever since the restoration o.
FRRDINAND, Sir Hoene WILLA:URIC, our Minister at
Madridt has never ceased to reolonstrate against the
cruelty exercised towards the Patriots who had so
nobly exerted themselves arias& the tyrant who had
usurped the throne of NAL n i and the roost marked
displeasure of Of gallium* wig intimated to

those British °Seers who at first lent
execute the arrests ordered by the ill.adv,
NAND. Indeed we have every reason to
Sir Homes present visit to this country is
with Ministers those measures which they
best calculated to put an end to the present
system.

We cannot think that the•revolt of Poi
entered into their contemplation; but we
suaded that hi: is Me belt, the only radical plan
be devised to put the Spanish people in
security against future oppression. It is
ever, in which they cannot take a direct
at all events they are under no necessity t(
the insurgents.

PRIVATE LE rTER.
CORUDINA, ISXPT. 23, EIGHT OT!GC:
I wrote you from hence on the 19th,
which sailed for England on the same da:
ago arrived the Frederic packet from En;
I find is ordered to sail again to•morrow
mean, by this conveyance, to put you i
of the intelligence which has since real
the movements in other parts of this
well as those which have passed ender
ar.! such as may transpire up tr the p^r•
putture. On Tuesd :y the 19.14
my letter., a proclamation WAS read, in

Me King and Constitution, ordering an illu
that and the u.vo following nights, wlicl
t•.O. place. On Wednesday was public
clantation, of which I eaclose a cop,
STAR of the 30th ultimo,] and the

Ferrol marched into the town, havinj

insurrection ; the regiment of Mondonedo

at four o'clock on Thursday morning, there beini
previously in the place, the regiments of Lugo arc
Santiago, and the artillery, all of whom, except :.co:
twenty Officers of the artillery, joined the system o
Po 'ier ;it is pretty certain that these latter fr;
equally disgusted with the tyranny which he•
given rise to this movement, and are r!:ady to 'pia i
submission to a better constitution ; but one c f thy!

little piques which frequently mar the best concaw
flans, has operated to induce theist to witlilie.
their support from the present me.; ure ;it
pencil that in the arrangements wL:ch led to the R
volution, they were nut consulted ; and to this.ir
cumstaace, and this only, is attributed ciesa-
wardness.

Yesterday morning, at two o'clock, 800 men a%
seven pieces of artillery, marched for Sai,ti !t.
telligence having been received that the tror,
were wavering in their determinations; doubt' sb
hosts of Monks and Friars in that city (the Mcu
of Spain) have ii,fluenced the troops in some met.
sure ; of the result of this expedition nothing is ya
being forty English miles from hence; btu

is rumoured this evening, the force which vis
at Santiago has met them on tn, road, and that Pr•
lier has been taken prisoner. This m ruing w 4
ushered in with all the appearances of a cl.ty of um:
as early as sis o'clock, the imp, remaining in e?
town were in movement, and shortly after most a
them left it; but whether tf4 carry into effect the de.

termination expressed in the manifesto, or with :

view to retire from the scene, is not yet mown; thit
was immediately followed by loud Viva:, and the
old Captain-General, St. Marcy, whu had been ins.
prisoned by Porlier in the castle of San Anton, was
released, and brought in triumph through the tow 3
by his friAnds ; then succeeded a scene of confosio:
which I shall not soon forget—eari sui panics of VI
' and market women parading the streets in one part;
some with flags in another part, headed by a small
party of troops with drums and trumpets; others
Again preceded by some person bearing a relizioul

emblem, all loudly crying; Long five the King rul ti
.Religion—( Viva el Rey y
la Religion)—and by el
most violent language and gestures, compelling eval
on.. to take off their hats and join in the cry: unt
continued till about noon, when the town gt4Litulif
became tranquil, and has continued so diming the
remainder of the day; in the course of the Arnie
I have seen various officers conducted by small to
ties of soldiers to prison, being or the insurrection!
party, who have not been able to escape 'rem the
royal party. Another illumination has been OP
Jared through the town. The preparatory
crowds of people walking in the streets, pill°
dancing the tasdango with castanets, the intend°
ringing of bells, and discharge of fire.works, is 211
that is interesting; 'tor is 'Bete Any reason to Ore'
hensl any kine at tumult. I have walked this evelog
sound the Alitoseyda or ramparts, %inch are tweed
by the, troops who rem lined behind this mnrningi
being is number about 500, of Ali arms, ens Fit
,Mamended by the artillery offices Se"
mentioned; the gates are all shut, bridges up, id
no Person is permitted to leave the town on
pry
account.
All the vessels in the harbour have been cldrif
examined arid sv itched, it is supposed in the 1309 e °f
finding p 'flier concealed ; but it is pretty remind:it
he m itched yesterday morning at the head Of il.e
tronkbi for Santiago. Flom the windows of 01
room, which command a view of toe harbour, I have
.
seen the boats. plying from one ship to
occasionally going to me castle of San Auto (tvi."ll
status on an isoLted rock at the entrance of the
.
boor) apparently to place there some prison's,. Toffs
day, to= the first time, toe mars have ,Betas then'
selves ip the streets, Posher having placed glaPij

their aid ts,
vised rrtt ;c
believe ti
is to ars4r,,
may t!,
ent
Ponttert ever
we are p,r
'pen that cr
4 situation 0i
is oi,e, 4.7
ect part—E:;
to act az4ir%
nt,
b, by a vete.
ty: two hoer!
ngland, able;
r ; 1 therefvt,
in posr,essin!
ached me, 0.
kingdom, a,
my own er;
r:osl of its de
I 1)31 closTd
its dr ? name
fne
:h accor.licz:l
ished t!!e pm.
py, [See ti
marines free
ng joined tilt
sued° came it
g. there heini
s of Lugo arc
a, except :.bol•
1 the system o
ese latter
iy which he
::itdy to pia
ut one c f the!.
best tamale(
to witlihs..

lab; • thei • •
ver the nionalreeies, and forbidden r &Online
, piblie.
What is to be the result of Mae MOireih ents it is
itficult to conjecture—to-morrow something will be
earl of the Santiago expeditiott 1-6-anct on Monday
Awl front Madrid will shew Whet has been the len-
Ation there, on the receipt of the first intelligence
t the insurrection. If the former should be. unsuc-
,siful, and there should not be any movement in
ther parts of the empire, calculated to support
hose in this quarter, I think it may be considered
hat the proceedings of this day amount to a coutt-
er.reolution, and that, for Ma prerent, matters will
c,,t as they ore's on the contrary, if Potlier should
he seconded by the troops of the other parts of the
ingdom of Galicia, the flame will rapidly spread,
and a short time wiU laid to the final accomplish-
ment of the avowed object of the insurrectionary
,aety; an object so just and so necessary, that no-
!ling bat the most inveterate determination to submit
°every kind of degradation and slavery, can make
yr people of the country blind or indifferent to it.
The wanner in which the revolution was brought
tisoot by Pontaa and his friends is not a little en-
join—he belonged to the liberal party, (fibers/es) 10
;Awed in contradistinction to the servile or despotic
(saviles); and like must of the leading men
,r;.O had scored the country, he was imprisoned as
recornpence :if his services—he had obtained per-
mission to go to Ferrol, eightor ten days ago, in.
1:04,1 rif trh;cn he remained in this 'town to arrange
plen of the insurrection. On Monday evening
ibt intim:de:l to him, by one of his Officers,
.iii bpre the next day their intentions were not
urried into cf•ct, tt woull then be too late; he ac-
:or.i.nsiy took !Its measures at midnight, and before
ii'encic in the morning of Tuesday, Captain
of ate c..y Wore' or ligat company of the regi.
me it of 6.intiago, with ague tWelltl ur thirty men,
, t 4:rested the z.:aptaia-General; Governor, Corte-
der cr %%6704 and all the other authorities and
.‘Daosioa. pascins, .13.1 lodged them in the Castle and
•i::er plates of security.
Poulin', or as he is called, the little Marquis, (el
ateptaiia), from his small stature, not being 5 feet
; nowever he may be deficient in size, has, at
ihewn himself possessed of a tolerable spirit,
Ind tyranny of the support of all good men of every
canal y.

Sunday Moulin. Sept. 24, 11 o'Cittek. A N.

I have been w.lising round the town, aitsl find the
gates open, ail the communication with the country
free as usual. The Captain-General, Sr. MAMA,
positively asserts that POULIER is taken, but most
pople here doubt it i and from general circumstances
I AM of that way of thinking—they are very busy at
t!iis moment singing aTe Drums in the great church, for
ti.e:r escape from the" iteridiOtil attempts which have
I:.isa I. have also ban reading two or three
PrAlailations, calling on all those who have any arms
t. present themselves to the Government forthwith.
An officer of artillery, who has had the cowhand
cf cle of the batteries during the night, has just told
me that tliiy are exceedingly sfisiwted to find that no
troops liitvs arrived in the town from other parts to
their ass:atance !

is-c!ay we received the Paris PaPets of Mond.y.
The only article of importance which they contain
is that wherein they state the adj„urnment of the
Ciamigra h.ts ben occasioned by tie delay on the
p trt of the British Government in acceding to the
re/ Treaty. 'fins deliberation on the part of our
negnciaturs augurs favourably for the future repose
of Europe: let the Treaty appear when it may, let
h.Jpe, that it will not be one of the numerous acts
c, imbecile diplomacy which have disgraced our lot-
in.:r annals and induced the remark of a great his-
twin, that England had uniformly thrown away
tith the pea what she had gained by the sword. We
Om p:etend to know rlie precise grounds on wl.ich
te:r Statf!.nr.en have widi:eld their assent to the tura-
tures ag,rted to by the three other Powers, but the
"apes: how the Netherlands afford some intelligible
LiLts ori England has it seems demanded
rbccupiti..n. fur s:ven years, of one of the sea ports
'.l France, and the total demolition of others. This
I.f o utc.. the Jacnbios of all count' ies will describe
aa ifl b ral bu:nilistion on a oivilized na7,
tiou ;bey 1%4-get that in civilization France has ae.
1344 vie back mart' ever since tile fatal Revolution.
Where are the philosophers, the poets, the historians,
and the stgtewitin whom she loss sent forth during
eitt atcully convulsed period. • What benefits has
dance eoufared up in Europe dining this eventful
eta 1 Even in science, with all the boasted pitron•
age of her histiiate and its honotary decorations,
where is the discovery worth a farthing which has
smanatzd from her ? Can our amateurs chew us
even a good pi:tunt or a good statue of the mdelern-
rreilb:a ? Have they published any book
which can be fairly regarded tis an authority upon
•I'Ay 'abject within the -wide range of literature ?
'We Put these questions to the consideration of our

tountryinent because we know that there is a noble
And generous feeling. :a gerseris, in the breast of an
itglis:iittan, which induces him to raise a prostrate
enemy. But it is our duty to tell our Statesmen, that
resptct and charity ought to begin and end at hotne,
and that justice will not be done to the genius of the
age, and the progress of the human mind, if France
and Frrnchn►en ate not humbled and degraded, and
knillathl and Englishmen naked, in the eyes of the'

gsisiration.. bops &refers It is true titai
die line of sea:coati left to France is to be curtailed
and weakened, and that-abe is to be Compelled, for a
century to come, to take from us her cOloilial pro 7
duce, if she will net adopt our morals, our laws, and
our religion, and thereby, like us, obtain a character
among 11.16011$ fur good faith and honourable policy.
—ln the mean time let the "great axe" fall where. it
ought : raze her fortifications, demolish her arsenals,
And fill up her harbours, that her sons and their chil-
dren may be made fully sensible that a nation of
perjured and worthless men, who could permit such
an iniquitous monster as BONAPARTZ to be their So-
vereign for a single hour, had brought a permanent
cAlamity on their country, and inflicted an indelible,
stain en the French name !

PARIS. OCTOBER 1.
After Mass yesterday the King received Prince
Talleyrand and the Ministers of State.
A body of between 5 and 6000 Russians, infantry
and cavalry, arrived at Rennes on the 25th ult.
About 10,000 Austrians passed through Chalons
sur•Saone on the 24. th, giring to Dijon. They were
lodged and fed by the inhabitants.
All the Prussian troops from Bretagne are march-
ing for Paris.

The Russian head-quarters were at Riney on the
nth. About 15,000 Ruuiana remain there.

The equipages of the Emperor Alexander passed
through Meaux on the 29th.
There are no more Prussian troops at (Means.
The inhabitants of Baton are not permitted by the
garrison to leave the city.
The Bavarians have quitted Langres and Bar-sur-
Aube, and have formed a camp in the environs of
Chaumont.

The French garrison of Montreuil-sur-Mer have
been disbanded ; the soldiers have retired peaceably
to their homes.

Some Dutch troops are at Va!enciennes, to serve as
an escort to the Emperor Alexander.
The Emperor Alexander arsived at Permute on
the 28th, at nine o'clock at night; the city was im-
mediately illuminated. In his passage through (lour-
nay he dined Witt• tl.e Master of the Posts.
. The Russian troops pass in great numbers through
Verdun; many columns are obliged to halt till the
roads are mere open. The last Russian column re-
ceived an order to remain at Chaloni-stsr-M.irne, ti:l
those who had pa.sseJ had got some leagues in advance.
M. Stalin de VAUX is named Secretary-General
adjoila of the Police.

The new Director-General of the Posts is the Mar.
quis of Villeneuve7Villeneuvc.

A grand Mass will be celebrated en the day of the
opening of the Royal Court in the Palace of Justice.

It was said that M. Talleyrand continues to treat
with Ministers of the other Allied Powers ; it ,was a
mistake—the Duke de Richelieu alone confers with
them.

General Hastrel, chief of the 241 military division,
Baron Marchand, and General Evain, of the artillery.
have given in their resignation.
A vast number of Russians have passed through
N .ncy. A strung body of Austrian troops are now
at Jutgny and its environs.
Lisieux has only a small Prussian garrison.
The English soldiers at Rouen have acquired the

favour of the inhabitants by their teal in endeavor.

ing to arrest the progress of a fire which brake out
at a grocer's shbp .ifi that city.. and which. bOt for
their exertions, win: Id bace done consi Jerable damage.
They write Irom Trtves, cf the 24)sh September.
as follows For several days we have heard the
reports of cannon continually. cccasioned by the
bombardment of the fortress of Thionville."

"The artillery taken at Auxonne and Haningneti
says a Frankfurt born:'l, amounts to more than 300
pieces, a thousani 'bushels of powder, and a conside-i
table quantity of valn.tble provisions. All the
articles of war will be sent to the Ilervditary States.
The roads from Charenton to Melun are covered

toit
CI
`II
.C 1
:11
1.1
h
0
;U
12
;It
P.
7.1
;I
aJ
h:
as
Pa
En
1'
t.
A
t:
►
b
rM
II
I.
of
Tyy
Il
11
it
le
'1
re
Id
is
is
