-
cowry, and where victory itself is robbed of half its
glory. Would that the deeds which we now comme-
rhotate were confined to the songs sly triumph over a
foreign enemy ! With what unmixed pleasure should we
Nit tne cup to our lips, and raise the shout of t iumph
in commemoration of our noble defenders! Would to
GoD that we were called upon alone to record the defeat,
the disgrace, and rout of the execrable De Rosen and
his French squadrons; but what person bearing the
name of Irishman will say, no matter whether a fol-
lower of King William or supporter of King James—
but what man, bearing the common name of Irishman,
will say. that he peruses the narration of those scenes,
where the glory and the misery of his country are
blended together, without mixed feelings of triumph
and disappointment? Let us give our utmost meed of,
'raise to the valour, the foitit ide, and skill of Walker
—(Cheers). But what man in the exultation arising
from the display of national virtue can refuse the same
praise to his gallant adversary, Sarsfield—(Loud hisses).
If I thought any Gentleman could intend to put me
down by clamour, no person should ever see me
at a meeting of this kind again. It is right that
at a meeting such as this, I should express my
opinions openly and fearlessly, and I shall do so
despite of every attempt to interrupt me. I am here,
Sir, as a servant of the Crown, and no one can blame
me for expressing the honest conviction of my mind. I
say. Sir, that no Irishman can blame me for bestowing
upon the adversary of' Walker that praise to which his
valour so justly entitled him—(Cries of " No, no, no").
It it be the opinion of the per-on that we are to with-
hold our rio-ed of approbation floral Sarsfield, what a
pitiful. clinging creature he must he! Both were Irish-
men—b' th were brave—both skilful—and both have
conferred immuital honour on the character of the Irish
solder ; but their prowess was proved in the shedding
of each other's blood—and though both were heroes,
whose personal qualities were calculated to shed a lustre
on our national annals, the misfortunes of the times
have compelled our historians to paint them according
to the biz, of their political feelings, either as martyrs
or as traitors. In the struggle between King William
and James the Second, the citizens of Derry were
the first to show their attachment to the principles of
liberty, and to set the example of a devoted sacri-
fice in defence of the freedom of conscience, and
the support of the Constitution against a tyrannical
and cruel King. But let it be recollected, amidst
all the triumphant feelings of those glorious days,
that the enemies with whom our ancestors had to con-
tend were natives of the same soil—that they adhered
to the religion of their forefathers—that they fought
in defence of a King to whom they had sworn alle-
giance—from whom that allegiance had never been
withdrawn, and under whose sway they were content
to live. Happily in the struggle, the cause of justice
and of liberty was triumphant. The whole kingdom
has felt the benefit of that glorious trial, and the de-
scendants of men who contributed so largely to the sal-
vation of the empire have a right to feel a just pride io
the exploits of their ancestors, and to commemorate,
ith becoming gratitude, their deliverance from danger.
As one of the descendants of the warriors of that day,
•not indeed of those who endured the siege in the City
of Derry, but of those who volunteered their services
to King William, I attend this anniversary. I attend
here to mark my approval of the principles of the Re-
volution of 1688; and since it has pleased the descend.
ants of these brave men, even at this late period, to
raise up a trophy in commemoration of their exploits,
I most willingly contribute the aid both of my purse
-and presence to establish what I hope will be a never-
fading memorial of our respect and gratitude. But,
Gentlemen, I wish it to be particularly understood that
I do not attend here to mark any ti iumph over my Ro-
man Catholic brethren; I wish to blot out for ever the
recollection that the triumph of those days was achieved
'over natives of the same soil. I cling only to the bless-.
ing which we have gained, namely, the enjoyment of a
freeConstionion; and I will not diminish the value of such
a legacy by a heart-burning reference to national strife,
and by teasing open afresh the wounds of civil warfare.
I. is a source of the most gratifying pleasure to me to
be' able to state most unequivocally, that I see a mark al
Improvement in the condition of the people; it is visible
in every class—it is corroborated. by a reference to those
•tests in which there can be no deceit. If we were to
• lielieve the rumours of the day—if we were to be
guided by the reports of the public newspapers, we
'might fancy ourselves in a state of insurrection, and
in a country where there was no security for life or pro-
perty. from whence industry had fled, where commerce
was extinct, and allele poverty and starvation had
• almost completed their work of degradation and des-
• truction. It is astonishing to see with what avidity the
public mind is ready to receive even the most incredible
fabrications with respect to Ireland, and how little the
real condition of this country is understood. But what
are the facts? The English Newspapers teem with
reports that, Ireland is in a state of insurrection, be-
cause a couple of regiments have received orders to
• march from England; to replace other regiments
that are about to leave this country—they land at
Belfast, and the whole North of Ireland is supposed to
be in a state of alarm ; but what is the fact ? I will
*venture to assert that so perfect is the state of tran-
quillity in this province, there is hardly to be found
a single family which would think it necessary to
fasten the latch of their door. But let us refer to more
convincing evidence than mere assertion. The Assists
areijust finished; there, at least, are to be found the
testanf crime and outrage, if they exist in the country :
bat when, within the memory of man, have the gaols
been emptied with so few evidences of the demo, aliza-
tion of society—when can we recollect so few instances
• of sanguinary outrage, of midnight robbery, or party
violence? I heard the Judges declare their perfect
• astonishment at the tranquillity of the country, and we
heard their congratulations in this city, that they found
no crimes on the Circuit but such as must exist in every
mixed state of society. is trade extinct? Has commerce
fled, and is stariratiott staling us in the face? Look at
the quays of Belfast and Derry—look at the numerous
steam vessels departing sleety day for pasgow, Liver-
pool, and London, aad tan any man say that trade is
extinct ?—(Cries of " Oh ! oh !")—Look at our fairs
and market-, and let us ask ourselves it industry has
fled ? More animated scenes of business and activity
cannot be found, and no complaint is heard, save the
never failing one of the lowness of prices. Where are
to he found the proo s of general povert/ and starve-
. tion ? Fu d is so cheap that it is within the reach of
every individual of even the least industry; potatoes
vary float four pence to sixpence a bushel, a price which
will enable a man to maintain himself for little more
than a halfpenny a day, and provisions of all kinds ate
so abundant, that the markets cf Liverpool, Glasgow,
'and Bristol are actually overloaded with Irish produce.
Such is the condition of this part of Ireland. 1 speak
may of this province, with which I am best acquainted,
and I will defy any man to contradict, the statement
• which I haws made. It may be said that I have exalt-
gerened.diet picture of our prosperity, and that such

a state o things is incompatible with the gerera
conies,ion of toe distracted state of 'lreland. lint the
elements of prosperity are to be found in the never-
failing resources of a rich soil, a hardy and indlas•
trimis people, and a neighbouring market, ready to
receive all our produce. But nub such resources,
there is one ingredient which poisons all our blessings,
and which, it is in vain to deny it, meets us in ever)
station, in every society, and every under taking—l mean
the state f our religious and political dissensions, or in
other words, the Catholic Question. I have not staid
here for a trifling object, such as to drink the " Glorious
Memory," or cheer the "'Prentice Boys." It is my duty.
as I am here, to state to the Meeting my opinions with
respect to that great question, and I beg the attention
of this company t s the description of the condition to
which, in my opinion, this subject has reduced the coun-
try. In place of an exclusive devotion to the business
f life, and an industrious pursuit of professional occu-
pations, the only certain road to wealth and Vtninence,l
this question has made every man, from the peer to the
peasant, a polit;cian—it is the absorbing topic of every
man's discourse, and it is in consequence the fruit-
ful parent of exaggerated fears, of unmeasured pre-
tensions, of personal hatred, of religious fury, of
political strife, of calumny, of abuse, and persecu-
tion, such as is not to be found in any other part of
the civilized world. no matter what your pursuits—no
matter what your disposition may be, the subject pursues
you in every part of the country. It is the prevailing
topic of your breakfast table, of your dinner table, of
your supper table—it is the subject of debate among
men ; it is the cause of alarm among women ; it meets
you at the Castle of Dublin ; it meets you at the house
of the Country Gentleman ; it creeps into our Courts of
Justice; it is to be found at the Grand Jury; it is to be
round at the Petty Sessions; it is to be seen in the
Vestry-room; it is to be seen at the markets and fairs;
it is to be found even at our places of amusement; It
meets you wherever you go. Would that the whole
evil ended here ; but we may see what the mischief of
such a state of things must be in the convulsed state of
society, and the annihilation of all those ties upon which
the well-being of society depends. The state of Ireland
is an anomaly in the history of civilized nations—
it has no parallel in ancient or modern history, and
being contrary to the character of all civil institu-
tions, it must terminate in general anarchy and confu-
sion. It is true that we have a Government to which an
outward obedience is shown, which is responsible to
Parliament, and answerable to GOD for the manner of
administering its functions, but it is equally true that
an immense majority of the people look up, not to the
legitimate Government, but to An irresponsible and to
a sell to istitined Association, for the administration of
'the affairs of the country. The peace of Ireland de-
pends not upon the Government of the King, but upon
the dictation of the Catholic Association—(Cries of
44 More's the shame! shame! why not put it down ?")
It has defied the Government, and trampled upon the
law of the land—and it is beyond contradiction, that
the same power which banished a Cabinet Minister'
from the representation of his county, because be
was a Minister of the King, can maintain or disturb
the peace of the country just as it suits their
caprice or ambition. The same danger impends over
every institution established by law. The Church
enjoys its dignity, and the Clesgy enjoy their revenues,
by the law of the land ; and we know not how soon it
may please the Catholic Association to issue its anathe-
mas against the payment of tithes; and what man is
hardy enough to say that the Catholic people will dis-
obey its mandates. It depends upon the Catholic Asso-
ciation— no man can deny it—whether the Clergy are to
receive their incomes or not. The condition of the land-
lords is not inure consoling—already they have been
robbed of their influence over the tenantry—already
they are become but mere ciphers on their estates ; nay,
in many places they are worse than ciphers—they have
been forced to become the tools of their domineering
masters—the Catholic Priesthood ; and it depends upon

a single breath, a single resolution of the Catholic Asso-
ciation, whether the landlords are to be robbed of their
resit or not. So perfect a system of organization was
never yet achieved by any body not possessing the legi-
timate powers of Government—it is powerful—it is
arrogant—it derides, and it has triumphed over the
enactments of the Legislature, and in filling its coffers
from the voluntary contributions of the people—(Up-
roar—cries of " No, no," they are not voluntary).
The Osataarmr here interfered and said—You are bound to hear
every observation that falls from a Speaker. When the next Gen-
tleman rises to speak to the succeeding toast, he will, on his legs,
have WI opportunity of controverting the statements of my Hon.
Friend. But, surely, in an assemblage like the present, common
courtesy demands that every Gentleman should be heard to the end.
Mr. DAWSON resumed and said—As far as I knew
this County, 1 did net think I should have required the
interference of my Friend (Sir G. Hill), to procure me a
hearing of what my viers were of the present state of
the country. What f say is, that the Catholic Association,
by securing the voluntary contributions of the people,
consolidates to itself a power from which it may
supply the sinews of war, or undermine by endless
litigation rod persecution the established institutions of
the country. And now, Gentlemen, it is time to ask
ourselves the ,que.Aion, what must be the result of
such a disordered state of thing 4 and such a com-
plete overthrow of all the relations of society ? Some
Gentlemen will say rebellion—and the sooner it comes,
the sooner we shall be able to crush it—(Loud cheers,
which lasted for several minutes). Now, I entertain a
very different opinion—it is not the interest, and I firmly
believe it is not the wish, of the Roman Cathol c Lead-
ers to deism the people into rebellion. We have the
best security of the purity of their intentions in that
respect, in the stake which they hold in the country.
and in the moral conviction that they would be the,
first victims of a rebellion—(Loud cries from several
voices, " No, no, we should be the first'). If a rebellion
should tate place, it will not be from the orders or ex-
ample of the Roman Catholic Leaders, but from the'
readiness of the two contending parties to come into
conflict with each other, and from the total impossibi-
lity of checking the ebullition of popular phrenzy, if
the two parties be goaded and exasperated against
each other by inflammatory speeches or exaggerated
misrepresenotions. But the result will be a state of
society far worse than rebellion; it will be a revolu-
tion... 4 revolution not effected by the sword, but by
undermining the institutions of the country, and in-
tiolving every establishment, civil, political, and re-
ligious. There never was a time when the whole
Catholic body—(and it signifies very little whether their
numbers be two millions or six millions)—there never
was a time when the whole body was so completely'
roused and engrossed by political passions as at present.
They halve found out the value of union ; they have put,
in prat tice the secret of combination—they feel a con-
, fidence in the force of numbers—they bave laid prostrate
the pomp and power of wealth—they have contended
against the influence of authority, and the decrees of
the Legislature, and they have enjoyed an easy triumph
over both. At present there is an union of the Clergy,
the Laity, and the Pet)* Noe, Gentlemen, with
such a state of things stating us is the face Iliad

I do ndt think that I have overcharged the picture
there comes the lag question, what is to be done ? Tile
country confessedly cOntains great advantages; it has
made a wonderful progtess notwithstanding all these
drawbacks; it has confessedly the elements of wealth
and prOsperity within itself, but all is checked and
counterbalanced by these dishaptiy disco sions, and the
invariable conclusion of every speculation on the state
of Ireland is, what is to be done? Cos we go back
to the penal laws? Goo forbid that such an expert•
ment should be made ; it is revolting to common sense
—it is revolting to the dignity of man. Can we perse-
vere in out present system ? The statement which I
have made, and the firm impression made upon my
mind by an anxious attention to passing events, is, that
we cannot remain in our .present situation; something
must be done; there is but one alternative,either to crush
the Catholic Association—(Cheers for several minutes)
there is but one alternative, either to crush the Catholic
Association, or to look at the question with an in-
tention to settle it. Let us eseicise all our inii,enuity—
let us argue with all our subtlety .---there is no other
alternative; and with such a conviction upon thy
mind, I feel myself called upon to exhort my coun-
trymen—men whom 1 have tie honout of represent-
ing, to abstain from irritating harangues, to pause. and
to weigh well the dangers of the country—to dismiss
all personal bitterness from the contemplation Of a
whole nation's welfare, and to devise some means
with satisfaction to all patties for restoring the pre-
dominance of established authority, and giving secu-
rity to the recognised, the legal, the constitutional
institutions of society. I speak here as a Member of
Parliament, as a Member of the Government, and as a
citizen of the world. Is it possible that I can look with
apathy upon the state of my Catholic countrymen?--
(Hisses)-1 cannot express too strongly the contempt I
feel for the persons who thus attempt to put me down.
if the representation of the county depended upon the
votes of those who interrupt me. I would not condescend
to ask them, though their suffrages would secure my
return. I must know, mixing as I do in the world,.
and holding the high situation I do, half the interests
of Great Britain are wrapped up in the safety of Ire-
land. There is but one topic more, before I conclude
an address already too long. A threat has been held out
that the North of Ireland, and this county in particular,
is to be visited by some itinerant .demagogues, to stir
up the elements of discord. Let.them undertake this
task at their own peril. There never was a time when
the Protestant proprietary were mere determined to
rise as one man to repel such an invasion. The at-
tempt will be hopeless, utterly hopeless ; but let them
pause well on the consequences. They will meet here a
sturdy, a bold, a determined, and if driven to retaliation,
a fierce yeomanry—they will be answerable to GOD und
man for the floods of blood that may flow from such an
attempt; no power can controtd it, and upon them be
the responsibility. Let their deluded victims also reflect
upon the fate which will attend them. If once the kindly
tie which binds them to the landlord be broken, the
-result

tt will be, not a quiet submission of the landlords,
but a transfer of their lands to Protestant tenants ; thou-
sands a 4 to be found in the county who want such lauds,
and the force of numbers will no longer protect them,
as it has hitherto done their deluded brethren in the
South. I speak these words in kindness and in advice
to them. With respect to myself, I shall be found at
my post, and ready to make every sacrifice in defence
4" the rights of my country, the character of her gentry,
and the support of the Constitution—(The Honourable
Gentleman then resumed his seat).
The Bee. Mr. GRAHAM rose to put a few questions to
Mr. Dawson,but he was interrupted by the CHAIRMAN,
who said he would not permit any person to interrupt
the regular course of the proceedings. I will, said Sir
GEORGE, give you a toast, which I anticipate will call
upon his legs a Gentleman who will, I am sure, refer to
the speech which you have just heard from my Hon.
friend the Member for the County—l will give you,
"The Yeomanry of Ireland," and I will couple with the toast,
" Health and prosperity to John Schoalts."
The toast bating been drank with loud cheers,
Mr. SCHOALER rose. and made an animated appeal
to the feelings of the Meeting, and concluded by giving,
as they had drank the Memory of Walker, and the
'Prentice Boys of his time, the "'Prentice Boys of the
present day."—(Drank with the greatest enthusiasm).
Mr. GREGG called upon the Meeting to rally roun.l
the Constitution and the Throne; to transmit to their
children's children their. dear•bolight inheritance, pur-
chased with the blood of their forefathers; and let the
patrint'c cry of one and all be—No Surrender.—(Loud
cheers, which lasted for several minutes).
Other appropriate toasts, and among them the healths
of the Earl of ELDON and Mr. PEEL followed, and the
conviviality of the Meeting was maintained till a very
late hour.
17"

IINNER TO MR..viOußr„ M.P. FOR DUBLIN

ISOM TIII DUILIN lIIIRMAN'II JOURNAL.

The admirers of this Gentleman's principles enter.
tained him at dinner onThursday evening, at Morrison's
Great Room. The company began to arrive at half-
past six, and the Chair was taken at balfpast seven by
the Earl of RATHDOWN.
Mr. Moos. est at the sight of the CU%Men, and the Right
Honourable Wituast Seem to his left. Leith Lonaroan CAD-
fLEMAINI, GLANDIIIII, and FARNIIIAII oceepied seatsnear the Chair.
A great number of the Board of Aldermen were present, and the
medal and ribbon of the Royal York Club were perceptible in every
direction. The City of Dublin band was stationed in the gallery:
and played during the entertainment.
After the usual loyal toasts,
The CUAIIMAS proposed the health of a Nobleness, who had
born but a short time in this country, but who in that abort time
had mainly contributed to raise the trade and prosperity of the City
of Dublin,
" The health of the Marquis of Anglesey." (Three times three).
Tune—Downfall of Paris.

" The health of the Duke of Wellington and his Majesty's Minis-
ters."—(Loud cheering).—" See, the Conqueting Hero contes."--
(Nine times nine).
" Genrio Ogle Moore, their Protestant Representative."
The announcement of this toast was received with deafening
cheers, waving of handkerchiefs, sod every demonstration of regard
for the Gentleman whose health was proposed.
Mr. Moons then rose and addressed the Chairman
and the assembled Meeting. When he saw around him
such an array of Irish rank, wealth, talent, intelligence,
private *worth, and public •irtue ; men whose heads
were sound, and hearts warm to the truest interests of

their countiypasseinbled together on an occcasion so
flattering to himself, he felt that no strength of language
on his part could give adequate expression to bis feel-
ings. When he looked at the present political state of,
Ireland—at the occurrences which were passing daily,
nay hourly, under his observation, the extraordinary
character of some public proceedings, the political',,
organization on the one hand, and the social
dis-
organisation on the other, he could not shut his'
eyes to the fact, that there ikaa in Ireland a system'
of machinery calculated to produce effects avbich it was
frightful to contemplate. Catholic Emancipation was
put• forward as the ostensible object; the ulterior
one was of a most dangerous nature—the destruction of
the Pr• testant Constitution aid its establiartinent, and
displacing from their natural influence the aristocracy
of Ireland, bath Protestent and Catholic—(Hear). They
food aaptem iu active operation, *llia bad to effect

to leave the constituency of the cotintrr "ride •L.,
itinton of the Irish Priekthr ori, tnr the strov,,rt
visionary objects of several Pailiimei tar! Reformer,,
In the Protestants of Leland, Far k, property, and edit.
cation will be found foiemost ; they have been alwayi
found at their post in the lines ef the Constitution, and
that Constitution I know they will never abandon—:.
(Never, 'levet). They should therefore esercise the pi.
vitege with which they were invested as British Citizens,
and fi, mly and unitedly resist the devastating poste':
which was opposed to them.

" The health of Lord RatbdoWn"—(foci and continued cheers.)
His LORDSHIP rose and said, that he felt the deepest
gratitude for the kind and affectionate manner in which
his health had been drunk, in en assembly composed of
Oe rank, wealth, and respectability of Protestant Ire.
land, and to be thought worthy of presiding over them
was an honour for which he was incapable of returning
thanks in adequate expressions. His Lordship gave—,
" The Exports of Ireland...4os* Who Would subvert the Coo.
stitution"—( Nine times nitro.)
The following toasts were then given and drank bith
loud applause:
" The Earl of Longford"...46 Lord Farnham"—" Lord Castles
maine"—" The Hon. General King"—" Mr. Santin"—" Mr. Ser.
gent ILaforey"—" Alderman Beresford"—" Sir Abraham King"
—" Mt. Enis"..—" Colonel Rochfort"—" Sir Harcourt Lees"..,
" Colonel Irwin," &c. &c.
All the above made able speeches in defence of Pro.
testana Ascendancy, and were universally cheered.
" The Right Hon. Robert Peel, the Leader of the House of
CbMinoris bf their constant advocates and ablest supporters."
—(Nine times nine).—'Tremendous cheering. Tune, " Protestant
Boys."-1, Lord Manners" and several other absent Noblemen and
Gentlemen.—(Great applause).

- - -
The CHAIRMAN then called on the company to fill
high to a toast; which he wac certain would meet are.
sponse in the bosom of every Gentleman precent—
" The glorious, pious, and Immortal memory of the great and
good King William 111. who freed us from Popery, slavery, and
arbitrary power, and left the best legacy behind—the Illustrifus
House of Brunswick. whom Goa long preserve "—(Cheering).
The enthusiasm with which this toast Was drunk defies descrip.
tion—it was given with twice nine times nine, amidst waving id
handkerchiefs, and the most ardent, demonstrations of feeling oar
the part of the company—Tone, " Bayne Water."
Several other speeches were made, sod the healths of distin-
guished individuals were proposed, and the day closed in the most
perfect harmony. There were upwards of three !Handrail and fifty
persons present.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1828.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We are very dull in the City this morning, owing to there being
no rrrivals of the least importance : it is the sante in the Cowl
market, and scarcely a bargain has been done to the present hour
Comes opened at /37i, and continue at that price, alternately
buyers and sellers.
The Foreign market is almost deserted for want of business.

The Date► steam boat bas arrived, and brings letters and papers
to the Hith instant; but they de not contain any information.
CITY, HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK,
The Camel market remains in the same torpid state as in the
early part of the morning, at ffif to h for the Account.

Some Mete of own men•ofwar have arrived front Lisbon Ind
Oporto, but they do not bring any news.
More credit is given this morning on Change to the report cf
Peace being signed with Beenos Ayres, as letters are in town
stating that the Exchange had got up on the afternoon of the 18th
Jane, Oaf agd a Half per Cent.
PRIOR OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 213 India Bonds 113 13
3 per Cent. Red. Bei 71 Snuth Sea Stock
Epee Ct. Cons. 874 1 1 Old Annuitle,
51 per Cent. 961 New Ditto 861
31 per Cent. Red.96l 1 £lOOO Exclseq. T3ills 71 2
' 4 per Ct. New,lol 1 3 1 .1500 Ditto 71 2
4 per Cent. 1828, 10Sk 1100 and £2OO Ditto 71 3
I.mm Ann. 20 148 Bank for Acct.
India Stock 2421 Consols for Acct. 871
FOIIRION FUNDS. TWO o'Cl-itt K.
Brazilian Bds. Spec. DnAcct 521 1
Do Acct. 801 1 1 Pruss. Bonds. 5 p Cc 103
Mex.8d5,1825,6p Ct. 383 Russ.fids.lB22, 5 per Ct.
Do Acct. 39 8; Do. Acct 95
Neapolitan Bonds, 5 p C. 77 Spanish Bds Sp Ct. NI
Portng.Bds.spC. 521 Span. Bds. 1823, 5 p. C. 71
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARRS, TWO O'Cl.toett.
amine. ►sin.
Anglo Mexican 300 9S 271
Bolanos 300 290 2N 290
Brazilian 35 20 64
United Mexican 40 sit 201
Alliance British and Foreign 100 10 °I
Provincial Bank of Ireland 100 25 ss

The Doke of CLARENCE has not been in town since
Saturday, but is still at Bushy, where, we are sorry to say, bis Rsyg
Highness is slightly indisposed.

Friday Lord STUART tie RcerusaY, the Britsh Ant
bassadnr at the Court of France. had an au.lience of
the French Monarch, for the first time since his arrival)
to deliver his credentials. The Ambassador was re•
ceived with peculiar marks of favour: the KING alluded
to the satisfaction that had been given to the French
Court during Lord STUART'S former embassy, in
Lows reign, and said he derived great pleasure
on that account from his return to Paris. The KING
then, turning the conversation to the posture of affairs
in Europe, expressed in the strongest terms his desire
of preserving the friendship and confidence of Great
Britain, and his sense of the peculiar necessity of that
friendship at the present moment. His MaJesrs's
concluding wordelwhich we have from the best possible
authority) were—" .1 ansfresly persuaded that nothing
but the most intimate concord bettveen the KING of EN6*
LAND and myself can preserve the tranquillity of Lurope.
In these sentiments the British Government canna but
concur; and it is to be earnestly hoped that no untoward
accident may occur to interrupt the good understanding
which now happily prevails between the Rulers of the
twp countries.

We received last night the Gazette de France dated
Sunday, published on Saturday evening. No Morning.
Papers were published on Saturday. The only part ct
its contents which is at all interesting relates to the pro'
jected Expedition to the Morea, which, in consequence
of the considerable augmentation it has received, ran'
not sail for some days after the period originally fired
4or its departure. However, all the Generals, including
the Commander-in-Chiet; have been at their posts e'ec
'-.ince the 9th iLst. As st Teri! artisans accompany
ElPeeitiort it is evidei t the Fiends meditate sou e
u Greece.
The Gazette contsadic s, i th • t poifted of or'
.he statement th ',Pea rl u. t• e Cons i utiorliteit fat
i warm discussi .n had en . e between • vs R9r

1
i
i

'iIVAL and tke English sad Austtiao Ambassadors, on
the subject of the French especlitio .

We received this n orning German Papers to cite 13 h
instant. The following ate the pr nc pie contents:
lONIAN ISLANDS, Jot.e 30.
What could not fail to happen if the Porte did not agree to the
stipulations of the Treaty of 6th July, was easily to be foreseen by
those who considered the political situation of Europe, and the
circumstances which made it the duty of the three Great Powers
to 'put an end to the bloodshed between the contending parties.
floc what will happen if the chief condition of the Treaty of the
6th July should be fulfilled, and the Morea voluntarily evacuated
by the Egyptians and Turks, at a 4noment when the Porte seems
on the whole to have forfeited the benefits of the Treaty, and is
not in a condition to recognise it without reserve, is another goes-
tire, which will require much consideration in the conferences a,
Corfu. According to the Treaty of London, Greece is to remain
&pendant on the Porte; and in the situation of a vassal, it is to
roioy only a municipal freedom, and to pay a tribute to the Porte,
which is to be fixed by an agreement. The Porte, hindered, as
it affirms, by its religions institutions, cannot take any part in such
negotiations ; it can only show by the measures which it takes, that
It desires to be on good terms with,the Powers, and to give them
sati-faction. The evacuation of the Morn, for which orders are
said to have been sent to Ibrahim, is a favourable indication of the
good intentions of the Divan, and gives it an implied right to the
advantages of the Treaty of Loudon. Is Greece now to expect
entire freedom, or only an improvement of its situation according
to the sense of the Treaty ? And in case the Porte should content
Itself with evacuating the Morn, and the fortified places in the Arch-
ipelago, and thus effecting an actual state of peace, without taking
part in the conferences at Corfu, would the Greeks be bound to
pay the tribute to the Porte, and to allow it a right of nomination
in the appointment of the members of the Government? Or can
the parties concerned believe that they have a right to another
application of the Treaty, and to deprive the Porte of a right
which was guaranteed to it by the Powers, upon certain con-
ditions, it is true, hut which religion prevents it from fulfill-
ing? Meantime, is the latter no obstacle to the attainment of
the end proposed, and the happy arrangement of the existing dif-
ferences? It is clear, that without being accused of intolerance, it
might be difficult to recognise the entire liberty of Greece as soon
as the Porte does any thing to restore tranquillity and order; but
it is also evident, that it may be very difficult to induce the Greeks,
after se many sacrifices, voluntarily to replace themselves under the
Ottoman dominion. Amidst these questions,owhich will afford
many difficulties in the negotiations at Corfu, besides that deter-
mining the boundaries of Greece, it must appear singular to see
Count Capo ellstria negotiate with Ibrahim l'acha at Navarin
about the evacuation of the Mom. The projected French expe-
dition to the Mures also gives scope to many reflections.

VIiNNA, Amuse 7.—Meralliques 92L—Bank Shares 1,060.
AlgesteitteZitung, August 12.
FROM THE DANUBE, Aucusr 4.

Letters from Constantinople express fears for the life of the
Sultan. The belief of the approaching dissolution of the Turkish
Empire prevails, like a kind of fatality, among his principal States.
men, the inhabitants of Constantinople, and of those the Urinal
are the most cowardly of all Musselmen. The latter would pro-
bably be the first to give the signal of flight to Scutari.—..Viarivis-
burgh Currespowituti, August 10.

Dispatches were this morning received at the Colonial
Office, firm Sierra Leone; they confirm the reported death at
that colony of Colonel DUIHAM.
Dispatches were also received from the Governor of
Se Mauritius.
The Austrian and. French Ambassadors had inter-
views with the Earl of Ass.nrarr yesterday. at the Foreign Office,
Downing-street. Mr. Owes* had also a conference with the
Noble Earl yesterday.
The Danish Minister had a conf-rence with Sir
Getman Minim yesterday at the Colonial Office, and also trans-
acted business at the Office of the Secretary of State fur Foreign
Affairs.

Ts.e Marquis de PALMELLA transacted business yes-
terday at the Foreign (Ace, Downing-street.
Sunday was the birth-day of the Duchess of KENT,
',beaker Royal Highness completed her forty-second year.
LOld CARRINCNON is entertaining a distinguished
party of visitors &Chia seat, Wycombe Abbey, Bucks.
The Dowager Nlarchioness of EXETER IS recoverjfig
'from her late severe indispositido.
There are three persons in one family, now living at
Kingston, Isle of Wight, whose united ages make 277 years—the
father 99, mother 100, and son77g.
The true name of the great .bulwark of European
Turkey, Tzchuvradiewi is, upon the French map, Ciumla ; In the
French papirs, Chumla; in the Berlin papers, Cboumla; and fre-
quently, in the English papers, Shansi,.
D.spatches were yesterday received at the Foreign
'olBce, from our bllnister at 'Brasil,' aind froth Lord STUAaT DS
ROTRIAT' our Ambassador at Parts.
The Kidderminster weavers dismissed their Conn-
entree last week, and are returning to work at the manufacturers'
Naw LONDON Butuos.-The Lords of the Treasury
have, it is said,-resolved to adopt Mr. Itssurs's plan, No. 4, with-
out an arch for the approach to the City.
By accounts from all parts of the country, we learn
that the weather during the present mono bas become more
favourable for the harvest, andlhat, as there is every probability,
strum the appearance of the sky, of its continuance, the utmost
activity prevails, and the farmer's hopes are revived. A consider.
able portion art wheat has been carried during the past week in
tolerable condition.

A letter from Terceira, August 4th, says—,4 With
the greatest satisfaction it is announced to the Island of Terceira,
'where is quartered the Cacadores No. 5, which has distinguished
itself in the most noble manner is the Portuguese dominions, that
in the midst of the greatest dangers they base again proclaimed
the legitimate Kivu, the magnanimous Don PEDRO, Emperor of
Brasil."
The firheGreenland ship of this season has arrived in
the LundonDocks. She has a full cargo on board, but it does not
. _

consist of whale oil. It is confined to an article of Northern pro-
. %lute, called Ice. Whether the Custom.house will con,ider Green-
lanil ice to be an article of foreign manufacture, will be esublisbed
by the duties charged on this cargo.

UG. 11.7—During the thunder storm on
Notiday night, a shoal of fi.h, which our Correspondent calls young
whale, of the Grampus kind, which had entered the Darnoch
Friths Ins pursuit of herrings, made a hideous noise in the water,
terrified it is supposed.by the vivid flashes of lightuing. About 30
of them came on shore during the night at a place tailed Ardjachay
Point, near Tarlegie, and about as many more farther up the Frith,
alto on the Ross-shire side ; and next morning a considerable num-
ber came on shore about q mile farther down. near Morangic.
We have received 4,;i6r.iiiar Chi °bides to the 29th
ultimo. Those of the 28th contain a g srris'in order, dated the 27th,
announcing that the remains of Captain MOUTH, of the United
States sloop of war Lexington. would be Wetted with military
houuurs in the afternoon of the eada. A detachmtut of 200 men
of the garrison, from the different regiments, the band of the 5.3 d
Royal Welsh FUSiltef 6, the whole under the command of Major
Tit es& of the 94th Regiment. The whole of the Officers in the
garrison off duty are required to attend, and meet at half-past five,
to march at six o'clock precisely.
The following is an estract of a letter received from
an Officer of one of his Majesty's ships stati,,ned at
Rio JaneiriA:

" Rio J4neiro, June 18, 1828.

The newspapers will give ytm an account of a mutiny which
broke out among the limperor's German and Irish troops a few
days ago, and which the marines of the squadron were landed so
assist in quelling; and I believe their presence, and several bun-
dreds of the crews of the French men of war lying here, was the
means of bringing the mutineers to subjection, and saving the town
from pillage. Ali is now restored to order, and the disaffected
embarked on board the Brazilian men of war. Altogether they
amounted to about three thoushid, hut, being detached at different
posts, were broods in two days to lay iler.vri their arms; but up-
wards of two hundred live; have been lost in the • skirmishing
which took place b..t viers, them and the Brazilian militia ; and that
Was the °lily force the Government had to oppose to the rebels.
The alleged eerie of the defection was, being badly paid, and worse
hd, owing to the cupidity of bOnIC of than own offers, two of
whom they inurdsred.".
