SOUTH AMERICA.

We have, in another column, given same extracts
f-•,ti American Papers, which place the affairs of
il,e Patriots in a more favourable point of view than
:AI,- late accounts. We have just receised Journals
0! a still later date, in one of which, (the Ara, Tod
Conosurci sl 3,lvcriiser of the BOth ult.) we find the
following article. It is very important so far as
re,pects Sir G. DM'GaEcwtt's Expedition. By late
accounts it was thought that St. Augustine would
be put in security by a Royalist squadr.in from the
Havanna!). It now appears that the ships destined,
as was ruppord, for the protection or relief of St. Au-
g3stiiie, were bound to Africa for cargoes of slaves

" NEW YORK, JULY 30.

Dy the arrival at this port, on Sunday last, of
ti.e schooner Fair American, six days from the Ha.
vannah, we learn, that the armament reported as
having sailed from that place, to the relief of St.
Annstine, was nothing more nor less than a large
number of Guineamen, which sailed on the 11th alt.
tinder convoy, for the Coast of Africa. The news
of the capture of Amelia Island had not reached the
Havanna!) •m the 6rh instant."
We have also this morning received some accounts
respecting affairs in Mexico, in Madrid Gaselier to
the 14th instant. They are distinguished, as usual,
by great affectation of confidence in the ultimate suc-
cess of the Royal cause. Mbra, they state, embarked
near Tampico, in the little Gulf of Soto de la Ma-
rina, with only 4410 men—a number, we believe, not
far from the truth, though certainly much increased
afterwards by new recruits. In order to protect the
anchorage, he is said then. to have built a small fort,
which he left about fifty men to protect, and to have
directed his course towards the river Panuco ; but in
consequence of the vigilance of the chiefs of the
district, who had taken the precaution to withdraw
all the boats oa tlw river to the opposite bank, he was
obliged, it seems, to eff.ct a sudden retreat, in which
he was much harassed by the fire of a body of
Royalist tirailleur s.

A battalion (er .imerips) was then dispatched in
pursuit 01 him, and to ensure the greater expedition,
he infantry were mounted on horseback, while ano.
dux battalion, with a body of cavalry, were so placed
as to cut off his retreat from the lost. Such is the
tution in which MINA is left by this Royalist re
on ; And, if it be correct, we are afraid that the vx-
ctAtion with which it concludes, of his speedy de-
eat, is not without some reasonable foundation.
It is remarked, and not unwisely, by this Spanish

;atetteer, that MINA, though a Chief. neither want-

ng in boldness nor in a certain force of character, is
vet young and without experience—and that an as.
emblage of adventurers of all nations, such as he has
antler his orders, must be 'idle capable of the disci.
!line necessary to conquest, or of the fortitude able
o bear up against any curly or sudden reverse. The

L. -viers too of this part of Spanish Ants rata have Out.
appears pretty certain, come forward with Any
.ing of that unanimity anti zeal, which those of
ttlnr pats have manifested, fof the cam of lode-
?tadence ; and without the cooperation of the peo
ale themselves, it were quite idle to hope even for
silica ate success.

la opposition to this statement of the Madrid Ga-
,
ette, however, it most be Observed, that, by the latest
eurieun advices, the affairs of MINA are presented
a very different aspect. lsityii:p.ence is said to
ave reached New Orleans from MINA'S follower*
own to the 27th of May, stating tnat he had marched
vr New St. Andero, and established his head quar-
ts there with a force of 2000 rank and 6k ; tha;
e inhabitants received him with acclamations ataf
inging of bells ; that 6000 horses had been brought
; that he mounted the whoie of his force, and on the
4th and 26th May, marched in two divisi.ms to at.
ad a body of Royalists posted in the vicinity of St.
kndiro—that a battle was expected to take place
the 28th, arid victory was confidently anticipated.
These American advices, however, are only down
vac 27th of May—while those of the Madrid Ga.
tle extend to the 1 lth of June—so that both ac-
wits may still be reconcileable, and the report of
NA's ill fortune not less authentic.

Lard CociirtaNE has had several hints, that if be
to South America. he ought to carry a grant
e C4i:tern Hundreds in his pocket and he will
"Tctll,, deny, that an advocate for a more perfect re-
'"thilkion of the Englihh people, ought not to trans-
'. 1.4 services to U otlitt midst ol t4e Atlantic.

• - NAVAL INTELLIGENCL.
MAILS•-aa a. DIM
Milk 7 • . 1 0 Fnnet •- • 1 0
;

Waterloi d - . I 0 I iiiiit tot rgh .- 0 0
f;urrusey and Jersey i 0 .:u tenburgh •• 0 0
I.isbon - - . 0 0 Ha den - - - 0 0
Holland - - . 0 1 Ma. - - - - I 0
lirazils . - . Q 0 Jamaica - -• o 0
Extract of a letter horn the AgcLt to LLorp's, at
Christiansand, dated 18th instant :
" By accounts licit Fahrsund, of the i sth instant, a three-
masted scbosnere surprised to be a Turk, cavilled a boy oil the
coast on the 11th, in the tftcrnoon—she was coining from the
westward, steering east. The cru'aer Bred a gun, and shortly
after took possession of the utetchasitm in, and steered we►t.
" 41 great many vessels are lying wind-bound hi various har-
bours un tois coast. the weather having been tenmesmous this
last fortnight, from this west and south."

Extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at
Dartmouth. dattd the 28th smtant :
'• Arrived this day the tit. Jowl+ French bigger from Pecamp.
Wu was captured sad sent tu bb the Vigilant Admirelry cutter,
Lieutenant bllcata, having on board 644 tubs of spirits.*

FALMOU rH, AUGUS r
Arrilvd the Countess of Chichester packet, with d
Mail from Malta and Gibraltar, in 18 days from the
latter; and the American schooner Telegraph, from
Richmond (America) in 24 Al sys riled the Shan-
non for Cape Coast, btA ift for Malaga, Union packet
far Rochetort, and Cornelius 1.4 Leght,rn.

PLYMOUTH, AUGUiT 28.
Arrived the Fanny, from Leith for Malaga; Con•
cordial, from Cilmir fi r Marbtilles; and Patientia,
PALM, from Priderickthall for Seville. Sailed the
Nimble, LAING, tcr Atric4.

P.ItTSMOUTH, AUGUST 29.

Arrived the Itorat. Geottog yacht from the West-
ward.—Wind S.W.
DEAL, AUGUST e 9.

Arrived and sailed for the River,the Marsh, Rico-
; George 111. WEIR ; and the Britannia, SMITH,
Isom Javasca.—Wind
RAMSGATE, AUGUST 21P.

Arrived thi Gnrle►tnn, H Itillanal, from Eastbonrs,
with loss of anchor and cable, and otherwise damag
ed.—A brig, said to be a Dutchman, was on shore
on the Goodwin this morning, but she has got of,
and in charge of a Deal boat.

HARWICH, AUGUST 29.

Arrived the Henry Freeling packet, with a Mail
from Cualiaven.
DOVER, AUGUST s 9.

Arrived the Quest, Good Statesman, and Benevo-
lent, uansports, from Chatham.

HAMBURGH, AUGUST IS.

A recent letter of the brave Captain Schaumann,
of the Russian ship the Industry, dated Lisbon,
July 17, contains the following interesting details of
the capture and ro-capture of his ship :
" The AI seine privateer, a brig of '32 guns, had
hoisted English colours, invited the Captain to come'
on board, on the 3d 01 July, off Cape Ftnisterre, a.
dressing him in English—the latter not sus, ecting
that a brig could be an Alge:ine privateer, shoved
off in his boat toward the vessel, and it was not til.
he had approached very near, that he perceived the
crew stretched upon the deck to conceal themselves.
Upon going on board and presenting his papers, no
regard was shewn to them as not being accorepanied
with a Turkish passport. The vi el and cargo were
declared a lawful prize, and eleven men, armed with
guns, pistols, and swords, took possession of the ves-
sel, whilst live men of its crew, the pilot, two Ras-
signs, and a boy, taken out by the Captain, were
put on board the privateer, and are now in slavery.
As soon as the pirates had occupied the ship and con-
fined the Captain, with the remaining five seamen,
in the cabin, the door of which was guarded by one
man armed with a sword, they steered their course
towards Algiers, and passed Porto on the 4th of
July. However, Captain Schaumann, having en-
gaged his men to attempt, at the peril of their lives,
their own deliverance and that of the vessel, they
extricated themselves on the 6th of July, and at-
tacked the Mussulman crew with the greatest intre-
pidity. Atter fighting for nearly an hour, they suc-
ceeded in killing the %hole of the crew, and threw.
their bodies into the sea. In this unequal conflict
Captain Schaumann was wounded, but not dange-
rously, in the head, side, and hand. His five sailors
escaped sale and sound. The vessel thus re-taken
perceived another Algrrine privateer, but happily
escaped this new.danger. The vessel was steered by
a Lisbon pilot into this port, on the 7th of July."

GRAVESEND, AUGUST 29.
Arrived the lane and Margaret, Harrison, from Danitic; the
Cambrian, Brownrig, from Oporto; t bra. Friends, Witty, from
Kowinpberg ; Prince Regent, Barren, from Vantztc ; the Mot,
Overeston, from ditto; Convert, Bidoo, from Riga; Isabella,
Draining% from ditto; Active, Cross, from ditto; Nottingham,
Maw, from Stettin —Sailed the Paragon, I bompson, for Peters.
burgh; Frau Anna Maria, Stetionson, foe Gibraltar ; Prince Re-
gent, Clifford, for Bengal.

- -
CUSTOM-HOUSE, AUGUST
SIIMPII Rama, manilas—TM Britannia. Ruble, frog We.
taford; Duke of Krw, Pound, from Rotterdam; Catherine
Cliariutia, &hale, from Gotteuburgb ; Barwick Mercian, Oa.
anon, from Charente; Mary, Muller. from Jamaica ; and Active,
Dania, Irons Calais.
UOTWAIDS....IIIII Alonzo, Creaser, for Elsineur and Rip;
Beaune Henrietta, Pontiff, fur Rouen ; Fame, &Umlaute, and the
Mini, Scotland. fur Hamburg's; Kelso, Patting's, for Meow
and Pciariburga ; Hope, Page, for Bilbao; Margaret, Nakao,
kir Genoa and Leeman ; and Maria, Brown, for Boulogne.

Ti=e Frederick Herman, BAKKIR, from Konigs
Wig to the plus ; Goede Hoop, MVVENBROOK, from
Riga to Schideni ; Jong Wilhelm, WITMOTE, from
Memel to Rotterdam ; and the Eggo, HaasLoP, from
Lsebau to Antwerp, were stranded on Ausland, the
22d instant. _ _

Catharine, JOHNSON. from Stockholm bound
to Amsterdam $ sad the Die Saone, Bzazr, from
Riga for Schidam, arrived at Harlingen, with much
damage.
By an arrival from Trinidad we have received let-
ters dated Port of Spain. July 13, of which the fol-
lowing is an extract :•••••44 The Royalists are running
away tram Augustura, the capital of Guayana, and
they say it cannot now hold out any longer, as the
garrison, and the few inhabitants left.were convened
to live on Wales, which was actually their food at the
very time these people came away. sad they are com-
pletely blockided both by.sea and land. In a word,
the Spaniards ate dished in Venezuela and New
Granalls.".

THP ARstr.

Wedoesdit upwards of 500 tr.!” marched from
'he Inv,lid D pot, Fort Pitt, Chatham, for Chelsea
Hospital.

Monday a trOnp of the .sth Dragoon Guards
marchrd into the King's BA racks. in Ipswich.
Estract of a letter from St. Christopher's, dated.
July 10 :
" On the 12th ult. we disembarked at Guinea Day, render
Brlmirone Hill. 'there are five companies of our Reenter.,
here—four others are at Awigua, and the remaining one at
Monserrat. Two compaoles uf the Ist West [wile Regiment,
and a detachment or Artillery, couiptise the whole garri.on of
the Hill and Islaol. Lord Coinhermere arrived at 13:1-hadoes on'
the 3J of June. The 15th Regiment Las ettae to ilsbrax wine
time sauce. The eith are returning to Europe, and the bat-
tal on of the 6oth Regiment will go fo Canada as sown as the
Hydra itigate, which nosh the 150 to fishtail, al.:11 return to
Barbadoes, so that the 6551 Regimen.. will he the os:ly one of
those that were here during nearly the whole of the war tinte•
tiered Last year the lalands wet, dreadfully unhealthy, and at
liarbadoes the mortality among the natives. as %sell as the troops.
was :dwiost beyond ezample. Ike 66th suffered in a 1-ss protn•
don than most others; but this station is custaidered one of the
most braithy in the et:mimetic!, and it is in this that the difference
consisted, for at Antigua the men were very sickly, and the
drachs numerous. At this time we art very bud*.

Wednesday, the Doke and Duchess of Manutl-
notlon give their first public fete at Blenheim. All
the apartments of that superb Mansion wete thrown
pen for the reception of visitors, who began to
.4ssemble at halt-past tour, and at biz o'clock nearly
till persons sat down in the grand saloon to a most
sumptuous repast. adorned. with all that taste could
&vise and liberal4y esecute. liis Orifice's military
band, stationed ill the porch, welcomed the company
and added considerably to the gaiety of the assembly.
About nine o'clock the Gentlemen passing through
the handsome suite of drawing-rooms, joined the
Ladies in the library, which was splendidly illumi-
nated for the occasion, and now became a brilliant
promenade, *here conversation and music prolonged
the entertainment to a late hour.

The Marquis of Axot.asay and family are now at
Beau.destri. where his Lordship will entertain a large
number of lashionable visitants, during the Litchfield
Races.

Lord GWEDIR and Lady WH.Lotronair are enter-
taining a numerous party of distinguished fashion-
able:, at their beautiful seat, Gtimsthorpe Castle,
Lincolnshire. Among them are the Marquis and
Marchioness of CHOLLIONDELRY. and Lady CHAR-
LOTTE CHOLMONDELET.

Lord Canurtasuu left town yesterday for his seat,
North Cray, Kent.
Sir CHARLES BURRELL and WALTER BURRELL,
Esq. have, by their active exertions, at length broken
up the desperate gang of robbers, who have so long
infested the lower part of the county hf Sussex.
The Marquis and Marchioness CORNWALLIS left
town a few days since on a tour.
The Earl of HARDWICKE and Lady POLLINGToN
are arrived at fits Lordship's house in St. James's-
square, from Bath.
Mr. WaTsom Timm has taken Sion House, one
A the seats of the Duke of MARLBaROUGH, until the
title to Houghton 11411 is made goad by the Mar-
quis of CHOLUONDELEY. • •
We never recollect the fashionable bathing town of
Al3hro' to have been more numerously attended than
during the present season.
Pondicherry continues to be the gayest city, in
India. B.lvirral splendid entertainments have lately

taken phice there. •
• The affair of Lord &mantic and his opponents k
shortly expected to be brought to issue. Mr. SMITH,
Under•Sh.riff for the Western District, had gone in
pursuit of his Lordship, with proper authority to am
rest him.

It is reported, says the Washirigiox Cap MA. Ga-
adios that an important negociation is about In be
undertaken by our Government, and that the Hon.
cosier A. Rodney, and John Graham, and Walter
Jones, Esqrs. have been named by the President for
its execution. It is conjectured their mission will be
to some part of the Spanish Colonies. This is given
as the rumour of the dal. -
Two Gi.vernment ships arrived at Quebec, July Si
from London and Cork, with 90 settlers, and 384
troops of the 37th Regiment of Foot. On the same
day a ship from Greenock arrived with 133 settlers.
There is at this time at least one hundred and fifty
persons employed in the novel and tasteful additions
making in the interior of Drury-lane Theatre, who
all u work double tides."
Mr. Yourro, Mr. Rng, and Mrs. YATIVI, the tragic
heroine of the Dublin Theatre, have been performing
at Cork dining the Assize week, but the Theatre was
but-very indifferently attended.
' Va.vxmar.z.—This charming place of summer re.
sort closed fir the season last night, with the following'
farewell Address, delivered from the Orchestra, alter
the Concert, by Mr. C. TAYLoa, of Covent-Garden
Theatre :
Laois: AND Gerrteasau—Our Motors for this season
having now tennisated, I am directed by the Proprietor of these
Garkus, to thank you for the support with which be has bees
favoured. Unsettled as the weather has been throughout, it has
bersetrely gratifying to bins to witness the Wives' which his en-
deavours have tacked. If unremitting attention to your amuse-
ment and accommodation, can secure bins the continuance of
your prinvinge„ be trusts that VAVIIIALL will never forfeit the
ascendancy which it has for so many years mamtained over every
other Owe of *agar entertainment. In the name et the Per
formes and wayself, we beg Tow to accept our warmest thank 4
for the kindness you have uniformly skews us, and fur this
W 29011 we repeat sty take our leave."
—Until use late showery evenings, the Gardens were
numtrously and fashionably attended.—The fire-
walks, last night. were uncommonly brilliant. and
went off with ides. Fine weather, and a beautiful
moon. largely contributed to the pleasures of the
night. About 7000 persons were present.
gE aim) ON THE DONCASTER ST. LEGER AT YORK.
▪ and 7 to 4 apt Mr. Watt's b. c. by Whitebait.
▪ tot apt Duke of Hamilton's b. e. Restless.
sad 9 to I apt Mr I. thauk7's b. c.
10 to l age Lord Milton's b. e. tiniabeaugh. . •
IS to I ept.Mr. Fletcbeesb. e. Cusnolon.
100 to S apt Mr. Wilsen's b. c. by Rossombraneer.
Mr. mites colt audßaisibrougb asst the gad.

Randal and Belasco are matched for fifty guineas
a-side w fight on the Ist of October. Even betting.
A Gentleman, who resides ip the vicinity ut Col-
chester, has undertaken to stalk trona London tonna
place, a distance of fiftrone miles, in sixteen hours
and a half, for a bet 01 £5O. He starts Irom London
next Wednesday morning.
A Melon was ent last week in the gardens of An-
cram-horse, near Kelso, which weighed luilb. It was
pet fectly ripe and iountl,andMCASlSled %/inches by,.
