PLYMOUTH, April 1.

We are sorry to acquaint our readers, that our unfor-
tunate Portuguese visitors are many of them suffering, et this mo-
ment, the most severe privations for their attachment to their legi-
timate sovereign, and their devotion to the cause of constitutional
liberty, and that their privations are likely to increase rather than
diminish, unless they are relieved by the generosity of the
humane and affluent portion of the inhabitants of these towns.
The funds from which they have hitherto been maintained
are totally exhausted, while none have been provided
by Dan Pedro to supply their place; and from the separation
of Portttgal from Brazil, the representatives of the latter are indis-
posed to relieve them. When oppression reigned in France, a$
terror drove the supporters of the throne in thousands to our shone,
no stinted measure of benevolence was offered to cheer and ems&
them, no frigid dental of hospitality frowned upon their amid, sea/
awavatod their sufferings. Victims of a perfidy worse Iblitinit
which brought Louis to the block—of a tyranny tolerabb dna
that of thellarata,the Demons, and the Holmqpienes of revolutionary
France, what have the exiles-from Portugal done to merit a dilkeent
treatment—a less cordial welcome, thew the fugitives from France?
Is it that the spirit which animated the Brit A nation in 1792 no
lance exits P-As it that the generous feelings of Britons slumber in
tbesarne tombs which'enshrine the ashes of a Pitt and *Canning
It that the soda policy which meditates the recognition ofa
mouser paralyses the teetings and chills thegenerosity of the nation.
Poled ft•Ussoen that she -from atmosphere of OW Cabinet should
estod its baleful hindmost° the hearts of the Donmonlans=er
the sononf thrWest should forfeit their long-matatalned
for losspoudityard bssevolstate.—.Plresowthiourtud.
• • •

-

LNIPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OP Lq.RDS--TnußsDAy.
Thl Earl of IMARBY p petition from the licensed sic-
tuallel of Great era Little against my alterition in the
lica:ning oYpublia
The noble earl presented a number of petitions from the con.
gregations of dffibient chapels in Liverpool against the practice of
Suttees in India, and the cruel and obscene rites of Jagernaut.
General GASCOYNE, Lord STatrtgir, Sir T. ACLAYD, and Mr.
BASTARD, with other members of the House of Commons, brought
up various private bills ; among which was the Liverpool Docks
and harbour Improvement Bill.--These bills, at a subsequent pe-
riod of the evening, were severally read a first time.
Mr. Joyce, from the Board of Trade, presented at the bar an ac-
count of the number of British ships which passed the Sound in
1829; also an account of the quantity of grain transmitted from Li.
verpool to the Manchester market.—To be printed.
Lord KING presented a petition, very numerously stgned, pray-
ing for an alteration and improvement of the laws. The petition,
the noble lord said, was drawn up by some person well skilled in ju-
risprudence rand, from its style and matter. he was inclined to believe
that it was produced 'from the pen of the able writer who had given
to the world " The gook of Fallacies," " The Defence of Usury,"
and other valuable productions. The petition was too long to
trouble the house with having it read at length. The statute law
it described as being contaied in so 'many hooka that it was
with difficulty any particular statute could be referred to. And,
as to the common law, it was a mere fiction, no where to be
found. The noble lord said that, when the improvements were
completed, which were now'in progress with respect to the law of
the country, be hoped the division of labour among, the judges
would not be forgotten. In the science of political economy the
proper division of labour was considered as the most likely to pro-
duce beneficial effects. The manufacturer of pins had different
workmen engaged in the manufacture of that little, though use-
ful article—some being employed on one part and sonic on ano-
ther. He did not know whether the division of labour in the
administration of the law might not be managed In a similar
manner.

The noble lord then presented a petition from Kidderminster
for the abolition of all monopolies.
Lord HOLLAND wished to know whether the noble marquis
(the Marquis of Salisbury,) who had given notice of his inten.
tion to move that day the third reading of the bill for indemnifying
the witnesses to be examined at their lordships' bar on the East Het.
ford Disfranchisement bill, had any objection to postpone it to to.

morrow—(this day.)
The Marquis of SALISBURY had no objection to accede to
the desire of the noble baron; but in doing so it was on the un-
derstanding that the third reading should then come on.—Lords
summoned.
The Bishop of WINCHESTER presented three petitions from
parishes in his diocese, against the practice of burning widows in
India.

COAL DUTIES—IRELAND.
The Marquis of ANGLESEA said that he held in his hand a
petition to.which he requested the attention of his majesty's minis-
ters. The object of the petition was the removal of the duty on
coals imported into Irelaad. The petition came from the inhabit.
ants of the parish of St. Catherine's, Dublin, and was signed by
113 merchants, tradesmen, and manufacturers of that parish. Their
lordships, no doubt, were well aware that Ireland had not the
advantage of the rich, the extensive, the inexhaustible collieries
that were found in Great Britain. The ablest engineers believed
that coal mines were not of any very great extent in Ire-
land, at all events, the coals were of a bad quality. It was obvi-
ous that every possible encouragement should be given to the
introduction of coals into Ireland : this would be an advantage
to both countries. (Hear.) If manufactures were more intro-
duced into Ireland, employment would be thus given to the idle
population—idle from necessity ; for the people of that country were
as anxious to obtain bread " by the sweat of their brow," as the peo-
ple of any nation under the sun—(hear, hear.) He sincerely hoped
that the boon now asked would be granted. It would be received
with great satisfaction by the people of Ireland. ffe trusted that
his majesty's government would take the case into their serious con-
sideration, and accede to the prayer of the petitioners. He was not
aware, indeed, that any objection could possibly exist against grant-
ing the boon, except the reduction of the revenue which would 're-
sult thereform. That was of too trifling a consideration he con.
ceived to weigh with his majesty's ministers. The tax itself
only amounted to about 50,0001. annually; and there would be no
difficulty whatever in finding a substitute for it. Nothing could be
done that would be more gratefully rewired. it occurred to him
that this tax might be remitted in this way; that the constabulary
force of Ireland, instead of being paid as now, by government,
aright be paid by the respective counties where that force was
employed. The expense of that force 'nearly equalled the
sum which was raised by the tax on coals. In consequence
of the great boon which during the last session received the
sanction of parliament, the counties would not have to pay that
constabulary force—supposing the mode he had taken the liberty of
suggesting were adopted, for it would not be required. lie must
b :trmitted to say It had struck him that, in the arrangement
made
in another place by one of his majesty's ministers, the
interests of Ireland did not appear to have been very much taken into
account. There had bees 50,0001 taken off the taxes by the reduc-
tion of the duty on leather ; but at the same time there was imposed
upon that country, by an increase of the duty on spirits, from
100,0001. to 120,0001. In addition to this, a Inge sum would be
imposed by an additional duty on stamps. Titus, then, while Greet
Britain had 3,500,0001. taken from her taxes, Ireland had added to
her burdens 150,0001. This was the first petition of the kind, he
believed, which had been presented to their Lordships that Seidl%
but he knew there were many others relating to the subject in pee.
'aeration. The petition was but short, and he would therefore bag
leave to have it read at length.
it was read at length, and laid on the table.
The Noble Marquis presented a petition from several parishes in
Wexford, against the tithe system.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS, when presenting a petition
from Shepton Mallet, Somersetah ire, complaining of distress and
stating that the parish rates were higher than at any former period,
said that their Lordships were called upon, on principles of humanity
and justice, to inquire into the cause of the distress which now pressed
on the population of the country. It was the duty of the legislature
to endeavour to redress the sufferings of the people. The House was
not only called upon on the principles of humanity and justice to
grant an inquiry into that distress of which their Lordships had had
so many convincing proofs, but on the principle of policy also. It
was a satire on the house to suppose that no good could result
from an inquiry. It was a great gratification to know that, not-
withstanding the distress under which the population laboured, they
bore it with patience and heroism.
The petition was then read and laid on the table.
Some Road Bills were read a third time, and sent to the
Commons.
Earl BATHURST presented a petition against the truck sys-
tem, but the place from whence it came was not heard below the bar.
The Earl of MALMESBURY moved :a humble address to
his majesty, that his majesty would be pleased to direct to be
laid before the house a return of the persons committed for trial
for criminal offences' at the assizes and sessions in Ireland, for
the last seven years, distinguishing the number committed each
year, with an account of the convictions, sentences, and acquit-
cals. (Hear, hear, hear.) The noble earl said that there was
already on their lordship's table a similar return for England
and Wales, and his object was to have the statement, made
complete.
The Earl of ROSEBERY suggested that the return should ex.
tend to Scotland.
The Earl of MALMESBURY had no objection whatever to
adopt the suggestion. He begged to add, that if returns of a si-
milar nature were annually made of the preceding year, it would be
attended with considerable convenience.
Earl BEAUCHAMP presented a petition signed by 3,600
persons, from Worcester, complaining of distress, and suggesting
an alteration of the currency.—The petition having been read at
length,
Earl STANHOPE rose, and after adverting to the distress,
which he contended was universal, referred to a letter which he had
recently, received, conveying an account of the distress of Glasgow,
Leeds and Birmingham. In Scotland, the writer described, that
one-third of the land not entailed, was in the market for sale. The
noble earl said he had been stated to have ascribed the distress to
free trade. This was not the fact. For he never attributed the dis-
tress to one cause, but to several causes, which acted simulta-
neously; among them, however, he was ready to admit, free trade
stood classed. The effect felt clearly pointed out the causes. The
noble earl then entered into a statement of the currency question,
referring to the banking system carried on in France' Austria, and
Prussia, as confirmatory of his views. In each of these countries
there were small notes in circulation. In France the private banks
issued 204•ranc notes ; and the bank of France had "bO-franc
notes. In Austria there were notes as low as 10s. each, and
in Prussia as low as a dollar. It had been asserted that the

ateraTton". in the inglishcurreney, when that measure was
proposed, would not affect pries beyond four or tire per
cent. but it was now admitted that the depreciation of prices Was
much greater. He believed, in some cases, the difference was 30,
40—nay, even 50 per cent. Mr. Ricardo admitted that, if the price
should be reduced 26 per cent. it would be an act of insanity to
adopt such a measure. The noble earl said, in conclusion, that be
should, very shortly after the Easter recess, bring forward a motion
on the subject before their lordships; at present he would not tree:
pass further.
The Marquis of BUTE could not forbear advancing a few ob.
servatlons, in consequence of what the noble cud, who had just sat
dam, had stated. He contended that the distress was not universals

but partial ; and in Scotland he denied that it existed, especially
among the lower classes, to the extent• his noble Mena kid de-
scribed. Was the letter from which the nahle earl, had read ex-
tracts the sort of evidence which the house acquired on the &abject?
In the weaving districts, he (the Xatlplif of Bute) was fully aware
that distress of a severe nature existad but the cause of that was
obvious enough—the introduction ofoteam-looms.
Earl STANHOPE said, he Itnelakat in tjte county from whence
the petition came, great irritation „ptevailed among the mid&
classes, and in the lower elegies a hostile feeling was manifest.
He would again call upon his Majesty's ministers to listen to the
complaints of the suffering population, with a view of affording
relief.

The petition was then laid upon the table.
Lord NAPIER brought in a bill for the better regulation of the
pont laws, which was read a first time. The noble lord said tfiat
the bill was the same which he had the honour of introducing, with
two others, in the course of the last session of parliament. At the
close of the session he withdrew them, in order that during the re-
cess the principles they embraced might be inquired into. Ile
begged to say the bill which he now proposed did not contain a
single clause in opposition to the fundamental principles of the
poor laws of Scotland.
Lord GOWER presented a petition from Newcastle-under-I.pm,
Lane-end Potteries, and another place in Staffordshire, in favour of
throwing open the Staffordshire trade to India and China. The
noble lord also presented petitions from Burslem and another
place in the Staffordshire potteries, praying the abolition of
slavery.
Lord HOLLAND presented petitions from two protestant con..
gregations in Lancashire, against burning widows in India.—Re-
ferret' to the select committee.

The proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts in D'Oyley's divorce
case, were presented at the bar, and laid on the table.
Several witnesses were sworn preparatory to their giving evidence
at the bar.
The divorce bill was then read a first time.
Adjourned at a Quarter to Seven.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—Mune])Ay.
VESTRY ACTS.
Lind J. RUSSELL brought up the report of the St. George's
and St. Olies's Vestry Acts, and on the motion that it be now
agreed
Mr. HUME said he understood that this bill contained a provi-
*ion by which many of the houses would be deprived of the right of
voting, inasmuch as 1,856 being rated under 301. a year, would be
improperly and unfairly dealt with. He would move as an amend-
ment that all persons paving upon a rental of 151. should have the
right of voting in the Vestry.
Mr. HOBHOUSE said he felt great pleasure in setonding the
amendment. According to the bill of Mr. Sturges Bourne every
rate-payer has the right of voting, whereas in this bill property
would have much more than its fair share of influence in voting at
Vestries. He hoped his noble friend would accede to the amend-
ment.

Sir T. FREBIANTLE said he felt it his duty to support the
bill, because fixing the tate for voting at less than
,301. a year,
would merely give a proper degree of influence to property in the
different parishes.
Sir H. WILSON objected to this bill, as it went to destroy the
right of voting in 1856 housekeepers in this parish. If the amend.
went be lost, he would move that it be read a third time this day
six months.

Mr. WARD considered that a. bill like the present was abso-
lutely necessary for the due regulation of this parish.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that the bill was a great improve-
ment upon the existing system, inasmuch as one of the principles
of the bill was rather to increase the elective franchise than dimi-
nish It. The committee had carefully examined this subject, and
they had recommended that the rate to qualify for voting should be
301. Under such circumstances he opposed the amendment.
After a few observations from Mr. JEPITSON, strangers were or-
dered to withdraw, when a division took place.
For the motion 57
For the amendment

Majority • —34
On our return to the gallery, we found Mr. HuME on his legs,
moving, as we understood, that the bill be read a third time this day
six months.

After a few words from Mr. R. Cor.nostrm and Mr. HOBROUSE
Mr. HUME said, that in order to meet the provisions of the
bill, he would withdraw his motion, if that part of it were struck
cut which gave six or more votes to a particular class of house-
holders. He considered that no one should have so many votes,
while others had none.

Strangers were again ordered to withdraw, and while we were ex.
cluded (nearly three quarters of an hour) we understood there were
three divisions, upon the last of which, for further considering the
Report tomorrow, the numbers were for 86 against 30.

LORD ELLEXIOROUGH'S DIVORCE DILL.
On the Motion of Sir 0. CLEatt, the house resolved itself into a
committeeof the whole house on the Elleohorough Divorce
Counsel were called in, and Miss Steele was examined byMr. Adam.
Sir G. CLERK—The committee can Leitlicr hear the counsel
nor the witness.

Miss Steele deposed that she was acquainted with Lord and Lady
Ellenborough, imd had passed some time with theta in 1828. They
lived very happily together. Heard her say that Prince Schwan-
zenberg passed the night with her, and part of the next day at Brigh.
ton. She said the child was Prince Sehwartzenberg's. She was
always very modest in her conversation to witness.
Examined by .Ir. G.LA ill BE—She told her she wished to make
a disclosure of her guilt; that her situation would soon become
known, and that the child was Prince Schwartzenberg's. I was not
aware of her pregnancy. I was requested not to mention the
circumstance to any of her family, or Lord Ellenborough, and 1
fully acted up wher request. I first mentioned it to one of her
aunts in the month of July, leave having been given me to de so.
Examined by Mr. CARTER—She never stated to me that Lord
Ellenborough had not slept with her, although she added that the
child could not be Lord Ellenborough's. I hard stated that they
had not slept together since the discovery of her last pregnancy.
(Here &chair was ordered for the witness.)
Examined by Mr. TENNYSON—I understood that she had not
slept with Lot Ellenborough since Feb. or Miach, 1828.
Re-examined by Mr. CARTER—The first visit I paid to
Lord and Lady Ellenborough was about three months after
their marriage, I visited them frequently, and they appeared to live
happily together. Lady Ellenborough never made any communi-
cation to her to a different effect.

By Sir H. HARDINGE —I considered Lord Elknborough a
very kind and attentive husband. I never saw him treat her harshly
in word or manner at any time; he was kind to her brothers; be
would not consent to Lady Ellenborough going abroad after the
separation.
Examined by Mr. HU ME.--I cannot remember when I first
heard the rumour of her ladyship's indiscretion ; I wrote to her on
the subject, and she denied her guilt ; this was particularly in
1820 g I had heard before that she was giddy and regardless of con-
sequences; the prince never dined with them in my presence. The
last time I dined there was in the autumn of 1828, when I spoke to
her on the subject ; she used to ride alone, accompanied by a sa-
vant ; 1 cannot recollect other indiscretions, for the charges against
her were very vague; 1 'wrote and spoke to Lady Ellenborough
upon the subject, but I cannot state particular acts; I had conver-
sations with Lad Ellenborough about her Ladyship in 1828 rela-
tive to certain of her associates.
Who were theme associates?—(Cries of " Oh, oh.")—Were they
gentlemen oe ladies ?--Both.
Were they Lord or Lady Ellenborough's associates ?—I cannot
tell.

Were the Ladies such as were received In genteel society 7—They
were.
And the Gentlemen 7—Yes.
What caution did you give Lord Ellenborough 7—l told him of
several ladles introduced to her by Lord Ellenborough. I cautioned
him against the gentlemen, as they were called profligate ; but Lord
Ellenborough laughed at it. Ile had unbounded confidence hi Lady
Ellenborough, and did not mind it. I visited at Lord Ellenborougles
after the caution.

Examined by Sir H. HARDINGE--The persons I here
spoken of were admitted into the highest houses and amongst
families who were called respectable. I called the associates bad.—
Did Lady Ellenborough visit in the best families ?-10 the most
fashionable, not in the best The only fault witness ever hemd
attributed to Lord Ellenborough was the society into which he in-
troduced his wife. This dissatisfaction was expressed after the re-
ports of Lady Ellenborough's indiscretions came to the knowledge
of the family.—The witness was allowed to withdraw.
Mr. Freshiielt, the solicitor in the ease, was then called in and
examined. He stated that when Lord Ellenborough first applied
to him with instructions to proceed in an inquiry, he advised his
laidship not even to take that step upon the facts of which he was
then in possession t and on the 12th of July, having discovered
that Prince Schwartsenberg had lived in a house in Harley street,
and other facts, he then advised Lord Ellenborough to proceed, and
received his lordship's instructions so to do.
By a Alzmazi t The witness used every effort in his power,
as a professional man, to prosecute Prince Schwarteenberg.
By Sir C. WETHERELL.—Did not undetittand that Lord El.
leoborough knew Prince Seliwarteenberg. The first period at which,
proof was obtained of the adulterous intercourse was in the autumn
of lON. It was then discovered where Prince. Schwartsenbergi
lived, and tbe discovery was 'received by LortlEllenborough with
dieveateet surprise.
By Sir H. HARDINGE—.Lord Ellenborough knew that Prince.
Schwa:M:on had a hoes, in lipredet, but not that he heed.
in Hoelty.antetet previously. Carpentar to be an
extremely unwilling What'll as had ever seen. 'l4le instruc.

tions given to witness were drawn up in the hand.writing of Mr.
William law, cousin to Lord Ellenborough. Lord Ellenborough
had consulted family and Mr. Wm. Law before he instructed
witness to proceed. From the first communication witnesi hat,
from Lord Ellenborough upon the subject, hie Lordship newt-
swerved from his purpose of proceeding legally but stated to di,:
witness that he considered it due to his own honour, and to the
honour of lady Ellenborough, as he had her assertion of her inno.
cence, to have the reports investigated, and said the matter meld
not be allowed to stand still.

By Lord NUGENT—Does not believe that Lord Ellenhcrough
had any knowledge of an acquaintance between lady Ellenboremet
and Prince Schwartsenberg until the public reports reached him.
By Lord F. OSBORNE—Knows that Lord Ellenborough fed:.
it as a duty on his put to provide that Lady Ellenborough shall net
want the comforts and conveniences proper to her rank in life.
The witness then withdrew.
Sir H. HARDINGE said that as the hon. member for Montros
had thrown out some observations upon the evidence of the servants,
and intimated a wish that the coachman should be 'seminal, he had
ordered the attendance of every servant of the establishment, and
they were now ready.
At Mr. lIUME's request, the coachman was called in and es.
emitted by that hon. member.
Carpenter was a groom boy in Lord Ellenborough's service, at.d
usually rode out with Lady Ellenborough. At one time his Lord.
ship's groom went with him. Cannot say where they rode. Never
had any conversation with either of the grooms as to where he:
ladyship went or who with. Had seen Prince Schwartunberg at.
tend lady Ellenborough to het carriage from the opera, balls, and
other places. Knows Prince Sehwartreaberg's boy. Never had any
conversation with him about his muter and Lady Elleaborough.
By Lord NUGENT—Never saw Prince Schwartaenberg with
Lord and Lady Ellenborough together.
Witness withdrew.

.....
Thomas Cave examined by Mr. RUlllE—Witness is butler to
Lord Ellenborough. Prince Schwartsenberg never attended Lord
Ellenborough's dinner or evening parties. Never heard any reports
respecting Lady Ellenborough in the family until he saw them in
the papers.
By Sir IL HARDINGE—During the four years while witness
lived with Lord and Lady Ellenborough, they lived upon terms or
the most affectionate kindness. Lord Ellenborough was a moat af-
fectionate husband. Never heard him speak harshly to Lady El-
lenborough, but was invariably kind to her; a more Indulgent hus-
band he had never seen. The terms by which they addressed each
other at table were generally " Edward" and " Emily." Her
Ladyship's manner to Lord Ellenborough was also kind and affec-
tionate.

By Mr. TENNYSON—Had heard that there were two beds in
Lord and Lady Ellenborough's room, but how far they slept apart
witness cannot say.
By Sir C. WETHERELL—Never heard any conversation among
the servants as to the separate beds. Did hear of it, but does not
know from whom in particular.
14 Sir R. WlLSON—ltilien he heard the separate beds men.
tioned, it was not spoken of as a proof of any misunderstanding.
By a MEMBER—No Gentlemen ever dined at Lotd EUenbo.
rough's table whose names witness did not know.
The witness was then ordered to withdraw, and the evidence being
concluded, Sir G. CLERK moved for leave to report the Rill to the
house without amendment.

HUME said that after evidence so contradictory, If any
gentlevran should not be satisfied that the clause giving Lord Ellen-
borough the relief he sought ought to be granted, he wished to know
how such parties would stand after reporting the bill without amend-
ment ? He thought it much better that the evidence should he
printed before any thing further was done.
Sir H. HARDING}, was astonished that any one could wish to
delay the case after the sifting which it had undergone. He did not
complain that ft had been so examined, because he was satisfied
that the more the conduct of Lord Ellenborough was examined into,
the better it would appear.
Mr. HUME disclaimed any wish to cause delay, or to give pain
to any of the patties, and said that the part he had taken was an
involuntary one, upon hearing the nature of the evidence.
Mr. TENNYSON said, that he had taken part in the proceed-
ings from the same motives as his hon. friend. As the granting a
divorce where there had been no previous verdict of a jury wan un-
precedented, he thought the house ought to exercise a more than
ordinary care in granting a divorce, and that the evidence, therefore,
ought to be printed.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that the
case was not unprecedented, for a similar one had occurred only it,
the last year.
Sir C. WETHEItELL said that the case was not unprecedented,
but that as it came before them without having first passed that
ordeal which searched into all the facts, it was the duty of the house
to examine it with extraordinary care, and that every gentleman
should consider himself acting as a person called upon to try its
merits.

Lord NUGENT said that be had come into the house ignorant
.of the circumstances, and having attended to the evidence and taken
a part In its examination, he was perfectly satisfied in his clan
mind that not a shadow of any misconduct whatever was to be im-
puted to Lord Ellenborough, and he was prepared at once to vote
for the clause which gave him the relief he sought.
The house having resumed, and the evidence being laid on the
table, Mr. Hums moved that it be printed.
Sir H. lIARDINIIE said that he wished the question to be left
to the feeling of the house. As a matter of form he believed it WM
neTa usual to print such evidence.
After a short conversation upon this point, the evidence was or.
dered to be printed.
