BAYONNE, NOV. 45.

More than 100,000 men are now on their m,
from Germany to Spain. They are all to
through this place and Perpignan, besides the
of the reserve of 1806, 1807, 1808, and 1809,
veral hundreds of whom are daily marching throw
this town.

INSPRUCK, NOV. 22.
On the 20th inst. 200 insurgents attacked the p,..
of the bridge of Trehoupbuch, but were repulsed
with loss. It would seem that Granau and Nauderz
now form the central point of their assemblies ; but
the measures adopted by the inhabitants of the sur.
rounding villages will certainly prevent them from
making any successful attempt to stir up fresh cott•
motion. Proclamation, addressed by A. Pofer to
the inhabitants of Wintuhgan, and dated Passeyer,
15th Nov. 1809, is at present circulated through the
Upper Inthal ; it is as follows :
" I felt inclined to lay down my arms, prevailed upon by men
whom I considered as friends of My country, but who, as I
find, are its enemies and traitors ; I therefore think it right to in-
form you, that all the Passeyer is again in open insurrection,; all
the Inhabitants, both old and young, have taken up arms zixin,
and that the enemy was yesterday defeated with great loss.
therefore call on you, brethren, to rejoin us in arms. Were we
to surreinder to the enemy, we should won see all the youths of
the Tyrol dragged away from their homes, our churches and
convents destroyed, divine worship anuihdated is; our country.
&odour beads overwhelmed by eternal woe. Fight, therefort., as
loyal men with us, in defence of our native land. I shall fight with
and for you, as a father for his children. I feel obliged thus briefly
to communicate my sentiments to you, lest I shoolsi fall a sacri-
fice of the destruction and hatred of my own people. You would
incur the same fate, were ye to remelts indifferent spectators, and
sot to take up arms again for your GAD and your Country. .1 hey
who obstruct the march of our troops, or dq not furnish ties*
with the necessary supplies, shall be severely punished."

THE LV ENING S FAIL

LQNDQN.

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK,
S per C. Cons. for opgi 703—Red.
2 69.1-omnium s rr.
Exchequer ills 6s. 14s. prem.
PRICE OF STOCKS YEN I'ERDAY.
I per Cent. Red. 69113 I India. Bonds, 21s. P.4c. r.:1;
S per Cent. Cons. shut Excheq. Bills, 6s. IC,. pr:.
4 per Cent. 8411 Omnium,
5 per Cent. Navy shut State Lottery Tickets
Long Ann. 18t 9-16 Consols for acc. 70E-

Two Gottgnburgh Mails arrived this morning, but
their contents are totally deficient in interest. Tile
Lord Nelson packet had arrived at Gottenburgh from
this country, after encountering a severe g. 11,?,
which a pair of fine horses were washed overbo,;;Li

We have received journals and private letters flora
Gibraltar to the 4th inst. but their contents have b.:ea
mostly anticipated by the late arrivals from Cadiz.
Respecting the late disaster sustained by the Spa-
niards in La Mancha, our Gibraltar correspondent,
who3e information comes from the hest sources, spe.L:s
in the following terms
" The loss of the Spanish army in the battle of
Ocana amounted to about 5,000 killed and wounded,
and 8,000 taken prisoners. The French had ab)L.t
1500 killed and wounded, and were twice repulsed
with great loss in their attacks on the Spanish liLllt
wing.—The cowardice of the Spanish cavalry cau.,td
the defeat of their army.
" The Spaniards are beginning to make great ex-
ertions, and the conquest of Spain will still be a very
difficult and tedious business ; for the most valiant
provinces are still untouched."

The following letters from Cadiz contain some far.
ther particulars respecting Spanish affairs, and explain
pretty clearly how it happens that we so frequently
hear of the Spaniards being in want of arms notw•ith•
standing the immense supplies that have been se:lt
from this country. _ .

Another letter from Cadiz, states the loss of the
Spaniards at 8000 killed, 15,000 wounded and pi.
sorters, with 67 pieces of cannon. The part of the
Spanish army which retreated had to march thirty
leagues without a regular halt.
Letters from Elvas of the Stfth November state :,he

Ay among the British troops at *bent iee
carried off bribe epidemical fever !
" CADIZ, tic:oi% 29.
'he new government is extremely active. The
iastical President, (the Bishop in frartibus of
:ea), Opears to be a than exactly fit to govern
luring the present state of affairs-.
.adiz has a new Commandant.
:eneral Venegas was sent purposely by the
:o put these people upon their mettle. Before
ived here, this place was full of officers, who
!ft their regiinents, and were displaying their
ig uniforms in the public walks: His first care
co order these gentlemen immediately to join
!spective corps ; his next was, to establish a
td send from hence, to the artny,
idle inhabitants iiho could give no rational

it of themselves; and last Slight he issued an
stet for every Spahiata in Cadiz, *hether merchant
Or tradesman, or of whatever description, if between
and 60 years of age, to enrol themselves as vo-
!unteet s."
CADIZ, NOVEMBER no.
If the affairs iti the North bear so unfavourable
an aspect, they are no less melancholy on this side.
We hare teceivcd the most distressing accounts from
our army in La hiancha, tinder the command of
AeruzaoA, by which it appears, that ott the 19th in-
stant they sustained a general attack in the neighbour-,
hood of Ocana, and the consequences have been very
fatal to our army. Oul loss has been very consider-
able both in officers add men, artillery, ammunition,
Prov'sions, &c. all appear to have been abandoned by
our troops, Such wes the -panic, that whole batta-
lions threw away their arms, to avoid by a precipitate
flight the destruction which. evidently was suspended
on their heads. It is impossible, at this moment of
general consternation, to say exactly what our loss
may be ; but of the rapid flight wt have a most dis-
tressing proof, several parties having already arrived
in the vicinity of Cordova and Jaen. In consequence
of this unpleasant intelligence, the most severe mea-
sures are about to take plate in the rising of the people
est mane. All persons from. 16 to 60, capable of
bearing arms, will immediately be called into action,
and this measure will extend to the convents without
distinction. In fine, our situation becomes daily
more critical, and we must piepare ourselves for great
sacrifices; but, alas what will become of us, now
that the Usurpet has humbled the Emperor of Aus-
Tata ?"

The Gazette of last night contains dispatches from
thnhing, to which we refer our Readers; announc
ing that all the troops have been embarked, and all
the enemy's works destroyed.

Much speculaiion, and many grohnctled *ports
have been circulated respecting the dispatches brought
by M. MatNrz, the Austrian Courier, and the sit-
tings of the Cabinet that have taken place since his
arrival. We have already stated that so far as his
dispatches concerned this cotintry, they related only
to an exchange rf prisoners. We must again repeat
this, and add, that they did not contain any pacift
otortnres—whatever they may lead to.
The French prisoners hi this tomitry are little more
than 40,000—the British prisoners in France are about
+,-e)! but the French we understand, in a debtor
cr:!ditor account of prisoners of different descrip-
Veils released on parole, contrive to make a balance
it,:e to them, when all the above shall be liberated,
cf 1,900 men. Whether. they include as pri=
er t!le Hanoverian troops, as we know was at-1
• on a former occasion, we have not learnt :
:1. r we yet know whether those British residents
t}.c, v-..re detained in France at the breaking out of
:ea: are to receive release from the present negos.
'1.1.1:.r case is eicessively severe and afflict-
and ou:4;it certainly to receive the attention Of
Governmtnt. If the question of recognising the
of such detention did not affect the liberty and

Teliare of free brim Britons, plausible arguments
ht be adduced for resisting it ; but as well
we cvntend that no State should redeem
I.;;;ects from slavery when cgptured on the
• ❑ seas by Algerine pirate, as .pretend to jus.
• the state of cruel neglect in Which our coiratry-
•. have been suffered to languish for years in .Fresch
• ,
because, fOrsooth, they were not taken with
aryls in their' hands with Mich cold-blooded
-9,phistiy! If your enemy has acted contrail to the
•'.f ;to acknowledged maxims of warfare, do nut
. for that reason, stifle the dictate‘d, humanity,
.I.crifice the just claims of your countrymen to
piinctilies, at which NA POI. MN laughs,- *Mk
Lre.thren continue to be the innocent victims' Of
attachment to forms which he has

201-7,gatf:J.

1.7 1::le lite election for Chancellor of iite 'University
cf Oxf,:rd. the Bishop of CARLISLE voted for the
L of BEAuronr ; the Archbishop of 'Yam(' and
tne bi.:inps of LONDQN and Sr, AsAi'u, for Lord
Not one Bishop voted for Lord &Dos.
Lrnoog Lord GRENVILLE'S voters was one from the
iy of Down, and one from Aberdeen,

C I!'

1 here was a great fall of snow on the mountains
Lublin, last week, though there WAS none in the
'A'y, or within two miles.

Saturday the Reading coach ran over the Maiden-
!:t Ld waggoner, ocismallberry-green, and broke his
in m) shocking a,manner, that it is thought am-
.....tation must take place.

~.";.;,!: -1, •;..

THE ARMt.

The 94 ahei Kinedelitiati
ipectcd last week by Brigadier-General BOLTON, am,
it is expected that pail of both will be seat abroad,
the Sat of these corps Still has a great many sick
and reconvalescents.

Th.c sick in Ipswich and Wobdbridge barracks,
who were sent from Walcheren, are recovering very
fast, but generally there remains a weakness after the
fever, which is difficult to overcome it lasts some-
times five or six months.
Saturday last the Ballot for the Local Militia, for
the division of Bearsted, Kent, took place, when the
number wanted for the town of Maidstone appeared
to be 230 there were only 20 Volunteers offered and
accepted, and the remainder 210 were ballotted for
to make up the 230.

The 23d Regiment was still at Lisbon when the
last accounts came away, not having then embarked.
The alterations which Government are now making
in the barracks at Ashford, are expected to prove very
conducive to the health and comfort of the soldiery.
The plan of the barracks in their old state must be
allowed to haVe had an opposite tendency, on account
of the great numbers apportioned to each room,
which, though only four in number, had yet accom-
modations for 2000 men. By the alterations now in
progress, it is intended by partition walls quite through
the building, to make different sized rooms to contain
from 24 to 48 men, with fire places in each, with a
gallery extending along the front, for a communica-
tion to each room on the upper storey. The whole to
be completed by January, and the barracks will
then contain 1500 men.

NAYAL INTELLIGENCE.

TORBAY, DEC. 18.

Sailed his Majesty's ship DAPHNE, Captain PIPON,
for Plymouth, being the third attempt since he cam(
here, but was obliged to put back again by contrary
wind ; also his Majesty's ship DRUID, Sir WILLIAM
Bovrox, to the westward ; and his Majesty's shit
THAMES, Hon. Captain WALDEGRAVE, for Falmouth.
—Remains his Majesty's sloop PERSIAN, with tlu
transports bound to Lisbon, but the wind being now
inclined to the North, it is expected they will get un
der way this evening......lt has blown quite a hurricane
from the South and West the whole of the last week,
but no accident whatever has happened to the ship
ping, except a brig laden with timber got on sham
between Torquay and Torabbey in working into the
Bay on Friday night last, and I understand will g',
to pieces.

weekly!
T 1
Ecclesu
thcin di
Ge
:anta t 1
• he arriv
had lef
dazzlinj
was, to
• their re!
• Ngular
r,ll the i
account
