much exaggerated. The Pacha of Ghitogevo, however, will not
give up that place to the Russian Commissioners; and it is known
that he is a man who will risk his life to defend a town which is
the principal bulwark of the Danuhs. The camp at Shumla is
still occupied by the Turks, who seem resolved to remain there till
the Russians have retired beyond the Pruth. This will postpone
for several years one of the most important questions arisiog from
the Treaty of Adrianople. The Ambassadors have again taken up
their stations at Pera, where there is nothing but visits of cere-
mony, messages of Dragomen, and other political trifling. and will
be-nothing else till the balls open In December."

From the Journotdes Dcbats of Illonday.

A private letter Mtn Modon states that the general opinion
there is, that the English wiU disembark in the Morea, and take
possession of the points which the French have fortified. The
writer remarks, that the French have thus put the Mores into a
state of defenee,without any other effect than making it one lonian
Island more. The Greeks ate In deepcip at seeing thous*, His
betrayed. We have thus fortified Navarino far England, who will
never surrailer a port of such importance.
FRENCH FUNDS—Pans, Nov. 33

Five per Cents. 108 f. 90e.
Four per Cents. I 04f. 50c.
Three per Cents. .04f. 40c.
Rink Actions, 1,890 f.
FOREIGN FUNDS.

Items de Naples. 95f. 50c.
Royal Spanish Loan, ON.
Perpetual Spanish Annuities. 57j.
Haytian Loan, 365 E

DENMARK.

OFF MOEN, OCT. 1829.
How k it that we, a wandering and sight-seeking-people, du not
more frequently visit the islands of the Danish Archipelago? Here
we are in a small steam-boat (the Caledonia) threading the channels
among these green spots. The wind is fresh—the sun is shining—
the spray is dancing, forming light and beautiful rainbows, through
which we steer oar way: In the shallow waters the polypi or loco-
motive vegetables, are swimming, putting forth their lace-like mem-
branes, and opening their golden mouths. The birch-woods touch
the waves, sad the rich and verdant fields come down to the shores.
—As we land or embark our passengers we are greeted by new
faces—all speaking quiet enjoyment, and all comfortably clad.
The sailors wear coarse garments, but I see neither filtholit,.., t:4
rags, and all around looks like the empire of courtesy and g
will. The mariners doff their hats as they pass along, and we all
return their friendly greeting. Many are the vessels which s
by us—from the little canoe, hewn out of a huge a Hid tr;ilk
solid
to the large Baltic traders, now hurrying homewards, itiitar
of being overtaken by the northern frosts. As we pass he towns
and forts we thunder forth the news of our coming front ierr little
establishment of artillery, and sometimes bear the realhoing
of them. The most striking characteristic of these island-
ers is their quiet self-possession and singleness of purpose.
It seems as if the elements of pain and pleasure were not
easily wrought up to forcible outward expression. 'They
have their love, no doubt, and their hatred, and perhaps
their enthusiasm in both. I have been listening to their conversa-
tion ',vetting • iron criminal—a vile Incestuous fellow, and I
suppose their indignation is about as strong as any of their passions
could easily be. They were talking of *hat punishment should be
inflicted on him ; yet I beard none propose his death—slavery for
life seemed the dictate of the general opinion. Denmark, in truth,
seldom witnesses an execution—not one, I hear. in many years ;
and when it does the effect is terrible, and probably salutary. It
were very vain, I fear, to repeat the so-often, the so useleisly-re-
peated fact, that our barbarous blood-sheddings only make crimes
more rife and more ferocious—that the nations which have the fewest
executions witness the fewest capital offences—that to look upon life
and property as too sacred to be lightly trifled with, is the most ef-
ficient means of providing for their security. If Government think
so carelessly of the boon of existence as to send convicts to the
gallows as we send them in England—if they take away life as
every day an almost indifferent matter, society, and especially the
worst parts of society, will catch the infection of their indiffe-
rence, and the deeds of Williams and Thurtell—tigers while
living, and heroes when dying—still continue to stain our an-
nals. In Spain, where despotism commits its legal butcheries
by wholesale, I have seen a murdered man lying in the
street, and the passengers scarcely stopped to regard him. In the
better parts of Germany, Holland and Denmark, where the judi-
cial violent death of an individual is of very rare occurrence, such
an event agitates society like an earthquake. If there be any thing
in us which is allied to the Divinity it is life, with all its mysteri-
ous machinery of thouAt and action ; to put out this light,
except on the most grave and momentous occasions appeats to me
of all presumptions the most presuming, of aU defiance' the most
daring.
Yet the system of exposure to which criminals are condemned in
Denmark is a very bad one. You constantly meet with groups of
convicts in the streets, roads, or public building. some; with fetters
on one leg, others on both, others with an iron collar round their
necks, with bars protruding from it before and behind. On these
classes of men ignominy has impressed its deepest stamp. Reckless
and hardened, they look, for the most part, personification. of
dating iniquity. They are, as it were, doomed to depravity, placed
beyond the reach of retormation, all the chances of life thrown into
the scale of guilt. And the effect on others of such exhibitions is
exceedingly bad. I never heard a word of regret, still less of sym-
pathy, expressed by those to whom the sight of their coarse and
party-coloured garments, and the clank of their gyves, are habitual.
The bad 'fleets of bad legislation do nor stop with its authors or its
objects, but ru.t into the whole frame-work of society.
The appearance of these islands immediately suggest to the mini
the fact, that if Denmark, instead of wasting her resources in
keeping up an inordinately large army, which is useless now, and
would be perfectly unavailing in case of war—if Denmark were
seriously to attend to her naval resources, she might become a very
respectable maritime power, and arrive at a great commercial pros-
perity. }ler inbabi:ants make awkward ttoops, and her army cuts
as shabby a figure as can be fancied, while her sailors are second to
none in every valuable quality. Rut the army is unfortunately the
hubby-horse, or plaything, a: Court, though it could not stand the
shock of a month's contest with any of the great powers in the neigh-
bourhood; and for this display of dirty red-coats and firelocks the
great and obvious interests of the country are neglected. I believe this
is far more from habit than design ; for the King—armec, as he is
with uncontrolled authority, authority without the shadow of a
check, the beau-ideal of un incited monarchy—appears disposed to
exercise an influence truly paternal. If he reduced his army
front 60,000 to 6,000 men (which 6,000 are six times more than
he needs),—if he made his sountry out great free port, and spent
on his fleets half of that which lie spends on his regiments,
Denmark. whose geographical position is wonderfully
As it is, her absurd restrictive regulative. seduce
advan-
tageous, would soon become a kingdom respectable, potent,
Pesertrooowurntsg minimum—the corruption of her custom-house
out of the some regulations, cheats bet of half
tahh, tfine:rrc ept trra, :Irevenues; her exports and imports are incredibly small, with
a reference either to her population or her Senility, and the only
matter of wonder is, how such a land should have stagnated
into the commercial nuthinguess to which she has. been
doomed. She mighl become the great depot for the Baltic
—the convs.rient warehouse between the South and 'the
North ; but he must clo away with her vexatious fiscal regulation*,
apply no more of the public money to produce what she can' buy
cheaper elsewhere—she must facilitate the settlement of (amigo
capitalists—give no longer those privileges and monopolies to the
few by which the interests of the many are sacrificed—in a word.
she must allow her natural advantages " to work together foi.the
good" of her people. without interference, or "let or hiderance."
He who writes this bas, as )ou well know, no selfish efid. to
serve, and certainly no b.:stile purpose either tonged. the Danish
monarch or the Danish 'people. Quire the contrary. He highly
estimates Loth; butise cannot +hut has eyes on what he sees, . nor re-
frain from soggpstions which be deems greatly important to the
w ell being of the country in which he is a sojourner.
