Ntr nr.

awe /HS LONDON GAZETFP. "of 1111th MAY, 11114. •
PRIZE-MONEY. •
(*AO to the ARMY which served under thetommand of
raid.hbrshal his Grace the Duke of.'WEJAINGTON, in
tys Kingdom of Portugal, Spain, and Trance; from the
gay, I b/J9, to the loth April, 1814.
ivaricE IS HERIBY GiVENjorllle purpose
11 o preventing trouble, disappointment; and expense to alb.
god interested in this Grant, that purstiant to the phvisions
.of *diet of Parliament, the Distributigin of the Money, Whic
._tweed on the Ist day of • Februaryslast, will close oo the
stet Instant, alter which date no further Payment can be made
by die Distributing Agent, as all the Sharewseltih may then te-
nable bid hands as unelnimel, must, (according to Act of Par-
moot) be paid over to Chelsea Hospital, where all future pay.
pogo will be made by the Deputy 'Treasurer of that Establish-
t; but it is thought right to apprise all persons concerned,
ow from the extraordinary and unprecedented extent and coin.
'Video of the distributions, a period of at least two menths from
est instant, mutt necessarily elapse before the Books, &c. can
ti matt: up and arranged so as"to enable the said Deputy Trea.
grer to mower letters, or to commence pay ing any 'part of the
oguitued'Shares, and to which the persons they belong to, and
the Kid eeptesentatives of those who are dead, have a right to
wise, at any time nut exceeding six years from the date of
dictr icings° paid over to Chelsea.
ARCH'S:II.D CAMPBELL.
Suffolk-street, 28th May, 1816.

OFFICE OP ORDNANCE,. May 20 181 S. 1
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS of ti:
;ntSTrt ORDNANCE, do kereiy give irotiee, '
That piopteab will be received at their Ofiite in Poll-Mall, on
ev before MONDAY, the sd day of JUNE, from such Pei-bons
as may be willing to undertake the Performance of the PLUM-
s WS' WORK, at SHEERNESS, for service of this Depart-
s meat for a Period of three Years, determinable after the expira-
tion of the Src Year, upon .notice of three Months, at the option
,
I of either party.
a farther particulars. together with the Terms and Conditions of
it the Contract, may be known at the Secretary's Office in Pall-
e me aforesaid, any day between the houis of ten and four o'clock,
▪ sibiretbe Proposals must be delivered, staled up and endorsed
d *Proposals for the Plumb-re Work at Sheerness ;" but no Pro-
pmal an be admitted after the said sd day of Jdtw, at twelve
o'clock at noon of the same day, neither will any Tender be
• Mired unless the party making it, or an Agent in his .behalf,
l• dill attend,.
By Order of the Bard, R. H. CREW, Samar,.

keel
It
oar
,en

CON fRACTS FOR COALS AND CANDLES.
Cormr4itary in Chief's Office, London; May 27, 1816.
WANTED for the Barracks in the under-men.
tino•Al Counties in South Britain, for the Bartacks In
Fcrih Britain, and in t'?e Icands of titeantey, Jersey, and Alder-
ney, such Qaantities of Coal; and Candles as may from time to
net be required ey the respective 13.ttrackMastzi.a for the rime
beg.
The Eit.liv?riAs to commence as ~oats a!%er the 25th June rent,
tithe respective Immek-Masters shall require, and to continue
WI the 24th of June following.
•Proposals for supplying Coals, made separately for each County
it South rritain, die whole of the Bar:acks in North Britain,
;hose no the Three Isl.tuds of Guernsey, Jersey,
end Alderne , :•I ind marked, " 'Fender for Coals." will
be received at this Office until Twtive o'Clock on Wednesday,
the 12th June; the Parties tendering observinrt, that in these
Counties Where both Sea and Inland Coals arc used, the Proposal
must particabrli ex, resit the Price of each Ve.,criptbli.
for ~.,:lying CanAllcs, sealed up, and marked—
, Fecler for Candle,," will be received until Twelve o'Cbck
en Friday, the 14th of June ; but no Proposal, either for Coals.or
Cradles will be noticed, unless made on or annexed to a Printe.
panics! ir, and the Prices inserted in Words at !testis ; Ina unless
aleter be buhjolued to such Proposal from two Persons ot
boon pniperry, engaging to become bound with the party ten
doing in the sum expressed in the particulars, for the due per-
hirmasce (4 thte Contract.
li relit Nitre sesit by Post, the Postage must be paid.
Panical..r., or the Contracts may be had upon application .at
this Mee, awe en the hoar. of Eleven and Five ; at the
Me 01 Verity Commissary General Young, tditiburgh ; at
the Office of 11 tine y Commissary General Coore,tittenney ; and
si the (ace puty Contnitssiry-Gent ral Weght, Jersey.
COU N II ES.
Bats, • Isle of W:glit, SuCo:k,
Chester, laic of Man, Surrey,
Cornwall, Ken!,
Cumberiaud, Lancaster, Warwick,
Devon, Middlesex, York,
Dorset, Norfolk, Noah Britain,
bedlam, • Ishathampton, Wand of Gut tneey,
Foes, Nottingham, Jersey, & Alderney.
kbas

THE ARMY.
lint published, 3 Vols. Sao. pr. ISt. 4d.THE ROYAL MILITARY CA-I
I.EN Alt ; dedicated, by permission, to his Royal High-
out tie Commander in Chief.. Containing (without comment).
is Services or the Generals, Colonels, and Lieutenant-Colo.
*from cm, ranee into the Army; with complete Indexes
and other Miscellaneous Mat er. In the Appendix
*impartial Account of the Operations in the East of Spain
in lilt 13.
SW by Mr. Eyrton, Military Library. Whitehall; Sher-
-I'B°4 asid Co London ; and all other Booksellers.
The Percliasers of the two first Vols. may have Vol. 111.
"Paralely, price 1
Ceenownealiors to the Editor are requested to be sent tbrouils
post-paid.

PRIVATE CON MAC
1.10 11 AND GREEN-HOUSES, N E.AR •11-1 E PADDINGTON
CANAL.
rPO be SOLD, five HO rand GREEN-HOUSE§
of dtifientl,ngths, from 24 to SS feet, greater pat recently
The Glass and Wood-work will be Sold separately
Lost the Brick-work if required.
For Particulars and to view, apply to Mr. Ashby, Builder,
ui Ikr
p Lk-ware-road,' Paddington; Commissions, &c.
leedsruao, No. 7, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square

tet
Pt.
eeee

-
..
ktECII HILL, NEAR USK,ONMOUTHSHIRE
FOR SALE BY PRINATE

CON CRAC
THIS most desirable and complete ESTATE,
sreU calcuttted, by its great conveniences and delightful
tilatien, for the residence of a genteel family, consists of a
anIT erected MANSION-HOUSE, upon a moderate scale,
with suitable Outbuildingsi , a walled Garden, and about Fifty
"te of Arable, Meadow Pasture, and Wood Land. The spot
I,r ,_ulaeds an eats usive andbeiutifulview of the Yak
and River
and of the surrounding Mountains, and is distant about
g'r ladle from time market town of Usk, 10 miles from Aber-
gletaYs IS from Monmouth, and about 26 from Bristol. The
tufty abounds its field sports, and several packs of hounds are
le the neighbourhood.
"I"edon may tie had at Christmas nest; and further Parti-
ci*,
s . lsbwa, on application to Messrs. Jones and Mathews,
_°rasa, Ilea, (if by letter, postage paid).l
,?"' a. The Purr %aser may be aecumiliodated with an addi-
tpuntity of 116sadow Land, tf desired.

4c

O.

TMLLIXPIENTARr PROCEEDINGS.
HO(3 OF LORDS, MAit so.
The. Farniiag Stock Bill, and two Local Bills, were brought
isteirfrom the House of Commons Ey Sir JAMBS GRAHAM Mr.
La Wt Loa a naht. and other Members, and reatra firs:time.
The Farming Stock Bill was ordered to be printed.
, The Soap Bill, and the Local Militia Pay and Clothing Bill,
were read a third timcand passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from .the Once of Chief Secretary for. Ireland,
presented accounts of Loans for the service of Ireland an I other
papers; and Mr. MIMI,' from the Ordnance, Supplementary
accounts respecting Martell° Towers.—Ordered to lie on the
table.—The former accounts were, on the motion of the Marquis
of Lasitiowni subsequently ordered to be priteed.
The Earl of LIMERICK moved the second reading of the
Irish Landlords Bill, -taring it to be a measure of considerable
importance in the present situation of Ireland. Ito chief object
being to ere the La!,dtord,. by a proceeding at the t:essimur,
possession of land deserted by the Tenant, instead of his being
compiled to reiort to the tedious and expensive process of
ejectment. •
Earl S I'ANHOPE made several objections to the Bill, and
wished the commitment tp be postponed till sett.wask.'to give
time for collecting the opinions of eminent Lawyers upon the
subject.
Lord littiesowte. and the LOAD CHANCELLOR thought the'
Bill, by means of some aherations,tnigist be rendered a beneficial
measure.
After a few words from the Earl of Lisamtica in reply, the
Bill vex" read a second time, and committed for to-morrow
se'nnight. •
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a Petition from
Reading, complaining that all the Alehouses in that town were
,in the possession Brewers' in cousegrience of which there was
no good beer to he procured. His Lordship observed, that this
was en evil which prevatkd also in other places, and though it
might n it be possible to remedy what.now existed, be thought a
short bill might be passed to prevent it in future by enacting
that no Publ!c Hou.e should be licensed •which belonged to a
Brewer.—The Petition was ordered to lie on the table.

'The Earl of SHAI. rENBURY reported the C.oroneve Bill,
with the amendinewii, which were agreed to; and the Bill, on
the motion of the MArquis of BUCKINGHAM' ordered to be read
a third time tomorrow.

REGISTRATIQN 01? SLAVES.
Lord GRENVILLE adverted to a motion he had
some time since made, for returns respecting the
situation of the West India Islinds, which returns
had not yet been presented, though he had reason to
believe they were nearly ready. When he made the
motion, -he had in view ,a measure which he then•
thought was likely to be brought before the House
in the courie of the present Session, for the Registra-
tion of Slaves. Upon this subject he had formerly
obstreed to their Lordships, that they ought to pro-
ceed with mature consideration, as it involved impor-
tant questions of right, and alsa at the same time
questions of duty, which forbad them to leave such
a subject unattended to. He noai gave notice, that
it was his intention, early in the nest Session, to sub-
mit a motion or resolution upon the subject, with a
view to the discussion of the questions involved in the
measure for the Registration of Slaves.
Lord HOLLAND deprecated an interference on
Cit.! part (t the Legislature, in the internal concerns
of the West India Islands, which he considered a
vet), hazardous experiment, without there was an
actual necessity for such a measure. He bzlieved,
from all the information lie had been enabled to ob-
tain, that in none of our Islands (with the except ion
perhaps of Trinidad) was there any illicit importation
of Slaves ; and with regard to the care and manage-
ment of that unfortunate description of persons, he
believed every measure bad been adopted by the
Colonial Legislatures to make their situation as com-
fortable as circumstances would permit. It would
be sorely a much better course to adopt with regard
to the proposed Registration of Slaves, for his Ma-
jesty's Govetnment to recommend to the. Colonial
Legislatures the adopt;on if that measure, or some
measure equivalent to it. It was at least only in the
last resort as a measure • f urgent necessity, that he
could consent to the interference of the Legislature in

their internal concerns.
Earl BATHURST stated, that it was the deter-
mination of his Majesty's Government to instruct the
Governors of our West India Islands to recommend
in the strongest manner to the Colonial Legislature:
the adoption of a measure for the Registration of
Slaves, or some measure equivalent to it ; and that it
should not be merely formal and illusory, but real
and effective. He wished that the effect of these
steps should be tried before resorting to an Act of
Parliament. He was, however 4, convinced that some
such measure as that of Registration would be neces-
sary, as, though the importation of Slaves, in deo-
- of the Abolition Act, could be prevented in time
of war (only two or three cases of the kind having
occurred), it .could not be so easily prevented in time
of peace.
Lord GRENVILLE expressed his satisfaction et
this declaration of the determination of Government.
He wished the Colonial Legislatures to be first re-
sorted to, as he agreed that it should be only in -the
last resort as a measure of absolute duty, that the
Registration of Slaves should be enacted by an Act.
of Parliament. He• was perfectly convinced, how-
ever, that such a measure was absolutely necessary,
not only with a vie* to bettering the Condition of
one million of human twins retained in our Islands'
in a state of slavery ; but also for, the purpose of
constantly laying before Parliament that information'
which it was essential Parliament should have,in order
'to have before them proper data on which to legislate,
whenever the necessity arose..
• Earl STANHOPE proposed to tax heavily those
Islands whose Legislatures refuied to concur in this
benevolent plan.
,
Lord HOLLAND observed, that the Islands were
ahead heavily enough taxed.

ScLVER COINAOa.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL laid on the. Table, by
command of the PaINCK Roomy, the Report of the
Committee of Council, regarding the Silver Coin,
which was ordered to be printed. .
The Order of the Day having been read, and the
Message of the Prince Regent read at the Table,.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL rose to move an Ad-
dress of Concurrence to his Royals Highness. His
Lordship referred to the work upon Coins, by his
father, she late Earl of Liverpool, which, he was of
opinion, contained the best ptiaciples upon this tab-

ject ; and also to the Report of the Bullica Cont.
mime, which, though be did not :igen with its opt,
nions, contained in the Appendix some valuable in-
formation. The first principle 14 wiAhed to lay
down upon this subject Was, that Gold ought to be
considered as. the measure of* property; and this not.,
only becaqst Gold was`the least figure to fluttuate in'
value, but bee:stile it had been lontionsidered in this
country as the standard and measure of prOpeety-
-130 so grown up, its it were, with the property of
the Country ; and the principle had been interwoven
with all the 'contracts and transactions, between in.
dividnals. It was, therefore, Upon 'this'll/found not
proposed in the least to interfere with the Gold
Coinage, but to keep it exactly at its present standard.
There was every reason now to believe, that, Icom
the favourable state of the exchange, the Gold would.
flow back to this country ; and. as Soon as it was
practic,ible, it was intended to issue a new GOld
Coinage, upon precisely the same Principles, and at
the same rate, as the present Coinage: Geld was
the legal tender, and had heat' so recognisPd by.the
Legislature, at least by implication, by enactinz, that
Silver s:timid not be a legal tender above five pounds;
and therefore it would be ifighly prejudicial to alter
the value of the Gold Coinage, whifla must necessa.
rily interfere with all contracts,.and operate great in-
justice tow. Ads individuals. Silver Coin,• on the con.
trary, were merely money Of exchange used fn's' mu.
kW convenience, and therefore an alteration in tht
value to a certain extent, could heave no prejaditial
effect whatever. He proirosed that in the Ow
coinage of Silver, the expenses of the manufacture
Should be deducted, and a seigniorage, whith.loottld
go a great way to pay the expense Of the establish-
ment and other incidental expences. In the reign" of
William 111. it was enacted that 'every pound 'of
Troy of Silver should be coined into in 62 thillings,
being at the rate of ss. 2d. per oz. The present price
of Silver was about ss. Id. per oz. ' 'The average
price during the List 100 years (excluding of course
these latter years, when from circuthstances
known, the price had greatly risen) had been 5,.414.
ter oz. What lie now proposed was, that the pound
Troy of Silver should' ite coined into 66 shillings,
which would be at the rate of ss. Gd. per off.
thus m 'king the Mint pi ice in 614 proportion above
the market price a security would be ()Grained against
;he Silver Coin being melted down, in consequence
of any trifling fluctuation in the value of Silver, at it
would not be. worth any one's while to melt down
these Coins, unless the market price of Silver rose to
ss. Dd. per oz. There was another evil, however, I
which they had to guard agaiiist, which watt, that
the protection of the Mint price should not be made,
too wide, as in that case it might lead to the exporta• ,
,Ition of our Gold Coin, (tom its being; of
..so Much
sleater value, compared with the giver. Come. 'This
coon not be the case, at the ratillow.prOposed tithe
fiieti ; and to those who thought that the Mint price
now proposed vs be fixed, was not a sufficient motec-
lion, he would observe, that it was the. generalopi• I
nion tif scientific men, that the price of silver would
fall still lower ; and, at any rate, it would be always
in the power of the UoTernmeut to secure a faiths:
protecti,n by coining the pound Tiny of Silver into
68 or 70 shillings, if necessary. With respect to the
Silver now itl circulation, tokens of 55..61 3s. aodi
14.6 d. to the amount of £3,700,000 had been issued
isithe Bank, and those which had been issned,; at
the rate of 6s. 64. per oz. would, of course, remain
in circulation, and, they might so remain until-re-
placed by Coins of a similar denomination, which it
was proposed to issue from the Mint. Of this amount,
so far as informatioo could be procured, he believed
about one million had disappeared from circulation,
the remaining 4'2,700,000, however, uould be suffi.
;lent for the purpose uniirequivalent new Coins should
be issued. With regard to shillings and sixpences, it
was quite evident that those now entreat could not be
suffered to remain in circulation after the issue of The
new coinage, otherwise the new Coins would very
shortly disappear, to make way for base metal. The
only plan, he conceived, would be, as soon as a s.uffi.
Giro& quantity of newly coined shillings and sixpences.
were ready to be issued, to put an immediate stop
to the circuLttion of those at prisent current.--
It was proposed,to issue first 582,500,000 in shillings
and sixpences, 'and 'these would be coined,• through
the improvements in the machinery at the Mint.
made under the superintendancenf Mr: Bolton, of
Birmingham, in ,about six or seven months, (the,
other coins might follow after*alds), a process which
occupied foUr years in the reign of- William JIL
He was cware that considerable public incOtivenienoe'
would be caused by such a measure, but it was a
Measure' to Which they must resort at some time or
other. With regard to the allowance to be made on,
calling in the old silver coins, it hid been
,the prac-
tice on fanner occasions to take the old silver coins at
,merely
the value of the slyer they contained in their
defective state. This was productive of great loss
to individuals, and he proposed, on the preseqt oc-
casion, to adopt a more liberal plan. He proposed
that those shillings and sixpences which had been is:
.wed froM the Mint, should, however defective their
state, be taken by tale at their full nominal value.—
With regard to those. pieces of Metal 'which passed
current as shillings and six pees, but•which never
bad been issued from the Mint, ii was impossible to,
leaks them at their nominal value, without opening a
door to the'grcissest frauds. All that could be done,
therefore, with rifgard to these, was to take them by
weight, according to Whatever prOportion of silver
they contained. according
was assured the House and
she public would feel to be a just and liberal prove-
lion. It had been observed that it would be difficult
to distinguish between the Sneer coined at tbe Mint
and other silver in circulation, but having consulted
the. most intelligent persons upon this subject, he
`could asstirglhe House, that the difference could be
kascertained
.with the greatest 'facility;, that out of
' 10,000 shillings not one perhapsiould be imposed ,
upon those acquainted with the coinage of the Mint.
Thuliure there could be no doubt as to the practice.

rf~~

• ;

f-:•_N
.4•.:..16.; •
•-• •

Rtb

. . ,
bility of: no accurate.,discrinunation. l'hr Noble
Lord illustrated -Chi coMniercial and general dditan-
tages.wbich Must result front the speedy adoption of
the measure to which Kit referrod, while no inconVe.
nience was likely to arise out of_ it from the time At
which it was proposed. .:'tiat so much delay had
ready occurred i.t providing a proper silver coinage fot
the country, was indeed a serious matter of regret, and
the more :he measure wis delayed, the more she evil
creatid by oar present tlefectise Cunene, must be sip '
gravated. He apnrehencled that in discussion,. a11u.6
sion would be made to the present s:ate of our paper
currency, but he _lid not t'sink that this question had,
any necessary connection with that currency. For,
the propriety of ,L W silver coinageteste • upon the
same gr mu:: as that of tbe cew copper coinage some
years. age. hut with respect to the paper currency*
he hithself sincerely wished that the Bank Might re
flume ...payments in cash a: soon as possible, and he
most sincerely wished also that
.the Ike Act might be
the _last ,to restrain the Bank from such {garments:
But belUbmitted,that in ru:d..r that it migut ~e more
,site and practicable for Ilse r%ank to rett.to to cash
payments, it Inn: desirable to have a metallic cur.
rency in readiness to supply the place of paper. Thus
then the presentiipcame 4 measure of essential 2olicy*
with a view to a gradual.prvaration ii.r the rtiump.
tion of tifoll payments, for returnin to the old and
wholesome cukrancy of the clumsy. 'Hie Noble
Lord
.cipclei44ki: with moving an Address t the Re-
genti Assuring lajs Royal Highness that in com,diance
with his gracious Mets ige, the House would • take
into consideration the propriety of adopting measures
to supply the preient defective silver coinage of the

country. .
Lord LAUDERDALE said, that as several opJ.
tiortu nities would occur in . the progress of the pro-
posed measure for delivering his sentiments upon this
subject, he should not think it necessary at present
long to occupy their Lordships' time, but yet he felt
it impossible to let this occasion pass over without
offering a word or two in explanation of the grounds
upon Ohich he thought it his duty to have his decided
dissent from ilia Noble Lord's proposition inserted
upon the journals of the House. He expressed the
fullest concurrence with many of the Noble Lord's
conclusions, founded as they were upon the able book
of his reipectable father, but he could by no means
agree with the Noble Lord on the high authority he
had quoted, that gold was the fittest metal for the
'standard of value in any country. Hi:b.►pinion was,
indeed decidedly different. For he.thought silver *
much more appropriate standard in this country: ess
pecially where silver was al xays accepted as a matter,
of convenience at its notuinal v.due. Such, itu;leed,
was notoriously the case white the current 6d. was
really worth not more titan Si. and toe shilling not
more than
.91 Bet the Silver Coinage ought to be
as near as possible to the•value it represents, which,
however, it was impossible to arrange; while the re•
strictirm upon cash payments at the Bank was conti-
nued.. Therefore the present was extremell. unsuited
for such an arrangement. That arrangement could
not be . adopted • under existing circunistances,
without a very considerable loss to the public.—
The Noble Mover had said, that it was intended to
take the silver coined at the Bank in tale, while other
iilver.in circulation was to be taken by *eight, and
lions this arrangement it was calculated by Ministers
that iloss would accrue to the Poblic of about five
hundrea thousand pounds ; but he. would ask, what
proportion of the silver in circulation, of the six.
pences for instance, which at present passed front
hand to ham!, had beets coined at the Mint ?—He
really believed that no one %elm heard him had for
the last six or eight months seen a single mint six;
peace._ 'Chen, as to shillings, he would also ask what
psoportion of those in circulation were of the coinage.
of the Mint ? But it was stated by the Noble Mover
that the difference between Mint and other Silver
Coinage could be distingivslied with facility. This,
however, was an allegation which he (Lord Lau.
derdale) very much questioned. For he remembered
the note of a case at the York Assizes, in which a
man prosecuted for selling guineas, grounded his
defence upon the statement, that he slid not pay so
many shillings of the coinage of the realm, as was
alledged in the indictment, and to meet the defence,
a person was taken down from the Mint to' swear to
the silver. This, however, the witness, he recol-
lected, declared himself unable to do, because he
could not distinguish the coinage of the kint. There.'
fore•the Noble mover must have been misinformed
as to the facility of ;distinguishing ;the Mint from
other silver in circulation. For in the case alluded
to, an officer swore to the difficulty of such dieted'.
mination. But could the Noble Mover, or any ob-
servant person, really suppose, that one out of • 30,
or at most one out of twenty of the shillings at pre-
sent in circulation were of the coinage of the Mint,
and therefore, instead of estimating the cost of the
new silver coinage at £500,000, the estimate should
be taken at nineteen times that sum, which would pro-
duce a lose to the public of no less than £9,6J0,000.
Then he would appeal to the consideration of the
House, whether, under the pressure of the financial,
and those other difficUlties of the country, the mea-
sure brought forward by the Noble Lord was such
as ought at present to be entertained ? Now, as to •
the details of this measure, it was proposed that 66
shillings should • be coined out of a riund of silver,
that metal being now at ss. 14J. an ounce, and, by
the way, that the new coinage olould go forth in
company with the Bank Tokens, which were issued
when silver was at 6s. Bd. an ounce. But the House
bad witnessed of late years many instances of the rise
and fall of silver, and was not a rapid rise to. be ap-
prehended, when an increased issue of Bank Notes
was to be looked for from the extension of the Bank
Restriction ; and when it was recollected chat we bad
no less than 642 other &inking Establishments is
the country at liberty to issue notes without limit ?--•
He would ask whether, anther such circumstances,
there was not good • reaw to. Wail:
months, sad mend
Nonevent of silver witbia a very
