Reval
-clerh

'Mb
Vesou

at

..-*-
!~

Ins DI
Ise 11
or st
ai =in
tl
iota
8

Rol

011bei
re'oll.e

SeCI
Ci;hal
so=

•••••••••=•••

;•

-Csa

2Cori
Nib ]
trim 1
Greek

31
si

-41
14
In
In
'EI

,E]

Diu

BR

MO
Anil
ARO
Mk

Gam
Pass

SIN
• 410,
Ade
Avg

Con

)44

THE EVENING STAR

LONDON.

MONDAY. APRIL 18, 1825.

. 3TOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
. . .
Controls opened this morning at, 92/
.for the Account, and an
Defia.64 i!`101101,91..dr41' : •
• tbe,FOreigir Market
.4Curreet Price.: New Spanish 181, Old Spanish 231 I, Russian
1156 Mexican 78g 1, Chilian 751, Colombian New 891 90, Aus-
trian *ski, Brazil Scrip 21 1 prem.: Mexican Scrip 1 1 prem.
Greek Scrip 411 disc. Danish Scrip zb 3 discount.
• - ICE OR STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 232%
3 per Cent. Red. ex die; 91%
$ per Cent. Cons. 92.% %
per Conn. Red. 99% 54
•
-4 per Cent. 10614 3/a'
Long Ann. ex die. 22 3-16 %
•
• India Stock 281
•
lndi4 Bonds b 3 84
£l,OOO • xcheq. Bills 59 61
1...500 ditto 59 61 .
£lOO and £2OO ditto 60 62
Coos. for Acct. 925/% %
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds 5 per Ct.. Mez.Boods, 5p Ct. 781 1
Brannan Bonds Ditto Arc- 781
Ditto Scrip, 5 per Cent. Ditto Scrip 1825, 011 1 pr
Ditto Arc. Ditto Acct. 01 1 pr
Dkto Scrip 1825, 21 pr , Neapolitan Bonds, 1824,
•Dkto Ace. 21 pr Perm,. Bonds, 6 per Ct.
Buenos Ayres Bonds, 911 901 Portuguese Bonds
Chinon Bonds, 6 p Ct. Ditto Ace. 901
Colombian Bonds, 6 p Ct. 91 ?mein BondslBl2, 5p Ct.
Ditto Bonds, 1824, 90 lbws. 80nd5,16211, 5p Ct. 95/
Ditto Acct. 891 9u Ditto Acct. 951
Danish Bonds, 5 per Ct. Spanish sp. Ct. C. 231 1
.Ditto Scrip, 31 die Ditto Acct. 231
Greek Bonds 52/ : Span. sp.Ct C. 1825,
Ditto Acc. Ditto for Acc.
,Hltio Scrip 1824.41 dis French Recta, S per Ct. 102 f.
Thins Acct. 4/ dis Exchange 25f. 10e.
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
1111123.
ADAM PAID. PVC' PEA =AWL
£lOO -.120. ass. .15 pm. 4105
-* 100- 5. .91111
;Am 100 1 Oi prem.
- 100 5 . . 35 131
Colombian - 100. S - -31
Cernwull and Devonshire 50 1101 j prem.
Mihail and Peruvian Company 5 10
Graerai *Ding Ass*. 100 - 5 -11
Paseo N 11114116 • 100 - s - -20 1
Tlalpnaahua • 400 • - - 230
United Alexicas • 20 •
Ditto New . S -
AllllOll.lllllllO 00/4PANIZB4
111.Brit.For. Fire &Life 100 • 10 .
Guardian - 100 - 10 -
aIizCZLLA ?MOM
MARL PAID. FMCS #IOII MARL
Atlantic and Pacific ,8100 - 410 4111 141
Australian 100 1 27
British Iron Company - 100 . 5 - 871
British Rock and Patent Salt 100 5 91 9 19
Hiberniun Joint Stock Banking . - 431
Headman Company 100 5 61 71 61
Impena. Plate Glass 100 2 41 51 4 3 1,
Imperial Distillery - 50 b 41
Mexican CumpAny 100 10 13 121
lletropnl.tan Alderney Dahl 25 4 - 41 6
Metropolftan Fish Company 25 1 31
Patent Bricks so 2 -
Peal and Coral Fishery 40 4
Peruvian 100 - 5 .
Rio de la Plata Alvaro!. Com. 100

Anglo Meikai
Ansi° Cbitiaa.
Aaslo Avow Mir
Milan

.29 s 0

•111 1
21

II
9* 91 9%

This forenoon we rece.ved Frankfort and other Ger-
man Pape,s to the 12. h iiht T,Je AI gemeine Zeitung
ensktaitts accounts from Leghorn, whic. state, that la-
'an. LiIIIIALTAIt, the Admiral of the Egyptian fleet,

is
dead. He had the character of * Tolland amiable'
man. The follow,* elicit/sets 12.4
• fl”ri,11,1112/11113410,--APRII.
the knowing .is trout the.Senth of France, March
31 New instactions have been sent from Madrid
to the Spanish Ambassador at the Court of Lisbon, to
make, it is affirmed, urgent remonstrances to the Porto-
goese Government, respecting.the proposed recognition
of the independence of Brazil, and to intimate that such
recognition would be directly at variance, as well with
the interest of Portugal as that of Spa'n, and sof all
other Powers who have colonies in America ; and that
a formal protest against it will be made, in case it
should take place.
It is farther said that the Portuguese Ministry has
bean warned against entering into more intimate rela-
tions with England, as this would lead to circumstances
very disagreeable to the Portuguese Government, and
put a stop to the friendly relations which have hitherto
subsisted between the Courts of Lisbon and Madrid.
On this occasion, and some others, the Spanish Go.
vernment too clearly manifests the kind of hostile dis-
position which animates it towards Great Britain. It,
is not believed, however, that these representations will'
have any remarkable influence on the Portuguese Go-
vernment, so as to make it depart from its system. It
is, however, positively affirmed at Madrid, that no
resolution had yet been made at Lisbon, relative to the
recognition of Brazil as an independent State.

This forenoon we received the lidoik of ye.terday by
Express. It contains an article from Semlin, stating
that 0111111 VRIONI, who had been for some time sus-
pected, has taken possession of the Pirchalik of Salonica,
at the head of 8000 men; but the news is doubted.

Accounts from Madrid announce the arrival there of
the Portuguese Ambassador Count SußsenßA (Pam.'
plona). The Marquis de CanAt.no, the Duc d'ABRAN-
Tll3, and Comte de NOBLEJAS. are banished ten leagues
from Madrid. The Political Chief, SAINT MARTIN, has,
been acquitted.

It is said that Prince Da Mrryzarocu, who had an
audience of the King of FRANCE on Saturday, will
leave Paris today.
The law of Sacrilege passed the Chamber of Deputies
on Friday, by a majority of 115 votes. The numbers
being 210 for it, and 95 against it.

PAM, Aran. 16.-.-Rents for Money, lOU. 110 C. At three
o'clock, 102 f. Sc.
'Tire French Papers of F. iday and Saturday, re.
ceived last night, are chiefly filled with debates in the
Chambers—in the Peers, on the Law of Indemnity ;
in the Deputies, on that of Sacrilege. M. BULTIN Da-
vao: delivered a forcible speech against the atrocious
principle on which the latter Project is founded.
The Etoile says, 44 There is a report that Lord
STEAM:WORD, late British 'Ambassador at Convanti-
nople, will go to Milan, where he will a pear on the
character of Ambassador Extraordinary from the King
of ENGLAND, to take part in the conferences which are
to be held on the affairs of Turkey and Greece. It is
also said that the Duke DE L'INTANTADO will go to the
Milanese capital, as Ambassador Extraordinary from
the King of SPAIN."

The Countess Nassataons,, Lady of the Russian
Minister of Foreign Affairs, arrived at Milan on the
31st of March.

An Aggregate Meeting of the Roman Catholics of
Ireland, was held in Clarendon-street Chapel, Dalin,
on Friday last. Lord Viscount GORMANSTOWN in the
Chair. After thanks were voted to Mr. O'Goassmr, die
Secretary to the late Catholic Association,

Mr. KIRWAN rose to move a vote or thanks is Mr,
ENEAS M.Dorsum.L, for his services as Agent in Lon-
don. Amongst other services rendered by Mr. M.Don
NELL, Mr. KIRWAN said he had endeavoured to coml.
teract the Bible-mania, at a time when fanaticism de-
luged the land !
An Address to his MaaarrtY was moved by Mr.
WouLes, and seconded by Mr. Howl O'Connor', who,
in the course of his speech, said, "He felt assured that
in thus raising his humble voice, he was but echoing
'the feeling that universally prevailed, when he gave
a solemn assurance of undiminished affection to that
gracious Monarch, under whose benignant sway they
had received so many benefits ; and when, in this coun-
try, under the administration of that Nobleman who
was so justly styled his Lieutenant, they had ceased to
feel the lash of tyranny ; and by whose wise and patri-
otic government, despotic sway on the one hand, and
daring outrage on the other, had been suppressed."
The names of the several Noblemen and Gentlemen.
who were to compose a Deputation was read, and their
appointment was moved by Mr. N. MAHON, when,
says the Irish Times, a mean looking individual in the
crowd moved, that the name of Mr. LAW LESS be added.
Mr. &Comma. asked if the motion was seconded ? and
it being announced that it was not, the original motion
was put and carried unanimously.
Lord KILLEEN was then called to the Chair, and
voted the thanks of the Meeting to LordGOßMANarows.
As the Meeting was about to reparate, Mr. (MON.
NELL was loudly called for. He came forward some
what reluctantly." took off his stock, loosed the c.llar
of his shirt, mounted the rostrum, and placed himself
in forensic attitude amidst cheers, waving of hats,
handkerchiefs, &c. &c. During the temporary con-
fusion excited by this scene, Lady BURIES found
herself placed in the Chairman's seat, and excited a
good deal of laughter and cheering ; this amiable Lady

;on her awkward situation with perfect good humour
and self-possession until she was able to withdraw to a
less conspicuous place."
Mr. Inorormis speech is not given in the 1 rish
7 limes, but it is stated to have been calculated to do
, much good in restoring harmony and promoting con-

'ciliation. It was much cheered. Mr. Q'Cowsar.kem....l,
bltt annit imiondiataly aftertiviritibt
•
:Thi Girdle of Saturday cmitains the longest list off'
fromotion/s Perhaps User jet published at the
a ..
same time. It occupies nearly fourteen pages. and con
sists chiefly of the names of the Captains and Subalterns
appointed to the additional companies of almost the
whole of the Regiments of the Line, beginning with the
Ist, and ending with the 99th.

TIM KING.

41110.-

WINDSOR, APRIL 1.5.--. Yesterday afteknonn, his MA-
JESTY took Ms usual airing in his pony' phaeton to Vir-
ginia Water, accompanied by the Marquis CONYNGRAK.
This morning his MAJESTY attended Divine Service
at his new Private Chapel, after which be took a drive
in the Great Park.

535
I 5 NO

7061

ZIIYAL INTELLIciENO

Car. Bdwi ePOOPpothites been appisintaioleperintend the .
Ordinary at Plytnouth; Art Capt.. ,loing Cl,Arni.t. to the Ordinary
at Portsmouth; Captain Salmis tb be the CommAnder.
PAttinmnr, Ara5t.45...-sWitsd W... Arrived off thi pm., the
IMF Hood. WKlntlask frint.ai. Domingo, in. 44 day. so, d the
Dyke of Kent sod. Sandw* miters, for Lisbon ; ilar4sionewr of
lasieensberri do. fit 'Altietice; and Mary Ellen, Donal rinie; cur
Cartbagina.
Ptinootn' 16.—Wind W.... Arrived off the port ies..
terday, the Ketswell, Azassizosta, from the Cape of Good tiotse..—
sailed 48th January.
Posesnoarn, Arm 17..--Wind N.N.E.—Arrived the E,Ans
transport, from Chatham. Sailed the Minstrel, Ancott., 'ao d Nee_
folk, Gass, for New South Wales; Asia, Earrwscz, for Harn-
burgh ; and Borodino transport, for Chatham. ,
Diva., Aiwa. 17.—Siz, P.ll. Wind E.—Arrived the Albina,
SUADIORTH, from Demerara; and Georgians, Waltman, from B. r-
bit& In the course of tut night, and early this morning, tile
whole of the outward bbund sailed. Several vessels have collie
down from the River, and passed through, names unknown, and no
signals exhibited. •
Lavatroot, Aran. 14.—Whid W.—Arrived the Adventure,
Homua an, from Monte Video; Hippocampi, Tesstaa. and Prince
Leopold, 5A01.114. from Pernambuco. Kireftefl. troth
St. Vincent's; Dominica, Jonsson. and Amity, lava°, from Sierra
Leone--sailed 13th February ; Atlas, ADAM; and Hero, Forrza.
from Charleston; Eliza, %%Timmer ; Mount Vernon, —; and
Juno. Mesas% from Savannah; Lady Gallatin —, from New
York—wiled 19th March; Jaws, Mon, and Gallatin,
MARSHALL,
from New Orleans.

LITERATURE.
--4111!-of
Narrative of a Second Visit to Greece,
connected

log Facts

ingot
toith the Last Days of Lori Byron. t's-
tracts frons• Correspondence, tyjfeal Documents, 4a.
By EDWARD Bt.AQUIRRR, 8"o. pp. 34.9..
Mr. Blaquiere has espoused the cause of Greece with
an ardour which doe, him infinite honour. Twice has
he visited this land, so interesting from its classical
association, and remains of ancient art, as well as
from the struggle it is now making to throw' off the
yoke of tyranny. Ably has he advocated her cause in
the appeal he has made in her behalf, and if the British
Public has not manifested that deep interest which such
a struggle is calcula'ed to excite, it is not for want of
its attention being called to the subject.
But zealous as Mr. Blaquiere is tor the success of the
Greeks, he does not let his ardour run away with his
judgment; and while he (Ines full justice to their
bravery and patriotism, he does not conceal the diffi-
tulties that remain to be surmounted ere the indepen-
dence of Greece can be consolidated; these difficulties
are not merely the disparity between the belligerents,
but the internal factions in Greece, and the feelings of
the European Powers.
Mr. Blaquiere, who accrmpanied the first in talmewt
of the Greek Loan to the Mores, gives a faithful nails-
live of the more recent events and present state of the
revolution in Greece. In this narrative, many traits of
daring heroism, nut only by men, but even by women.
are related. The Apr ndts contai'is a variety of
official documents and letters, including the Correspond-
ence of Mr. Blaquiere and ethers, with Prince Mivro-
cordato and other Greek Chiefs; the last days of L .rd
Byron also forms an interesting portion of the Appendix,
Mr. Blaquiere most earnestly c Us on the European
Powers to interpose their with rity or mediation in
putting an end to the struggle in Greece.
" The policy," he says, 4, dictated by the new posi-
tion of England, with regard to the Continental Powers,
is so obvious, that it might well be considried super-
fluous, wete I to attempt offering an opinion on the
subject in this place; yet !.ow is it possible to avoid
(some allusion to that state of things so new in Europe,
which has changed her from the Aly of despotism twthe •
protectress of free tom and constitutional rights? :Ws
this happy change which his rendered her m•'re ;use.
cially the friend of regenerated Greece, hy far sal
greatest honour that ever felt to the lot of any natridn•
Thus it is, that while it bezoo:es the bushes. of 'the
future historian of the present day, to condemn the
conduct of the Christian world towards the struggling
Greeks, he will be bound to confess, that wiihout the
possession of the lonian Islands by England, they might
have remained much longer in bondage ; and that
whatever may have been the apathy displayed •by the
wealthier portion of the community with regard to the
cause, the loan so happily contracted in this country
must secure the ttiumph of Greece if she be tiue
to herself."
The Greek legislative and executive bodies, he says,

are most anxious of cultivating a good understanding
with this country. He says the Greeks would prefer
a federative Government like that or Switzerland, Tel
they would not object to a limited monarchy, and be
,hints that the giving them a Foreign Prince for a King
might be dote, as in the case of Sweden.
He says,“ although it is true, the jarring interests which
embarrass the Greek question on every side may render
an arrangement difficult, yet I am convincet with the
most enlightened men of Greece, that if the Cabinets
enter into the discussion with sincerity, an understand-
ing may be established much in ire easily t-an 'most
persons, who have only viewed the matter super fichaly
and at a distance, imagine. As a return to theTu.ltish
yoke is impossible, let the gland criestion of indepen-
dence be necided at once. This done, everything el e
will follow as a matter of course ; and however beight
'the hopes of the friends of Greece were; when 'rhoy
first beheld the dawn of her regeneration, I feel satisfied
they would rather see a monarchy established Then,
than witness the destruction of the people • foe whom
their sympathy .has been called' forth.
“From a varietyolcircumst.inces which have (warm',
it is evident that our own Ministers are not only a:ti .
aced by a more liberal spirit towards Greece; •hut-ihr,
feel the necessity of putting an end to a conflict which
tends to the mutual destruction :both of Greece 'anti
Turkey, while it is .opposed to every sentimencht reli-
%ion and humanity. It is needless to add, 'that Stitt is
the tide of popular opinion in favour of an ariatigeorkitt,
if they insist, their efforts
.will be crowned with. ?acacia:.
Without this, all the succours we could send will; it* is
feared, be insufficient to attain the grand object iii.vie4r."
Happy. indeed' should we be to see the European
Powers interpose between the Greeks and tre Task-,
and thus put an end to a war of ext. rrnination. • * I sitt.e
meantime, we strongly recommend Mr. Blaquiete's
admirable work to the public. We ought to. midi that
the volume contains a good view of Nthens.' Bom an
original sketch, and a. fac•simile of alptter, adJriesed
by the Ephors of the Phi:a-Alum ti.octety vf;4theus,
to Mr. 71314quiere. •

.• - • •
THE qCOTCII RING. •.
In the same ring. after Crosbie and Robinson (nth Jae). J. .
Hunter, the Scotch Hercules, is to fight Pat hl`Ger. .wgigl.dg
Boseow, the Liverpool butcher. for £lO i. Hunter is traiiitus.we
the Pentland Hills. Crusble k leaking, on the Clyde, by roping
.a boat. The friends of ki‘Ote and Robinson think shit Wilke'
training is enough and in the time they have to spate, these wo
pugilists are to visit Dublin and Cori', in company with Ityikilda
and Haltom • .

' "t '

Tlig amass AND tins.

affirm ar ta door tbot.it.was delved fronsaa
tic source. The 'opinion. et she 33114641
,bowevor, its, duaelsph for atharestaratioatt Once
in the Sots from the Cabinet of 3t. raw-
burgh, can {wove up only• with friendly intentions
towards, the Greeks.: consequently, that such a plan
cannot have 'for its object either to prescribe such,
to
the. Greeks, or to awe the Ottoman Government, 'and
that 'his 'lmperial Majesty of Russia, whatever ;night
be his intention, would think it fit to communicate
any plan of this kind to the other Powers, his Allies,
before he proposed it to the. contending parties. Tt e
Emperor has. in fact. laid before the. Allied Courts the
plan, to propose at the same time to the Porte, and to
the Provisional Government of Greece, to suspend hos-
tilities, in order to gain time for amicable mediation ;
and the British Government would not have hesitated.
to accede to this proposal, had it been made at a pro-
per moment. It mast not be overlooked, that the very
document which so greatly. excited, the displeasure of
the Greek Government, awakened similar feelings in
the Divan'. While the Greeks express an invincible ab-
horrence of every agreement which should not .pro-
nounce their national independence, the Divan repulces
every kind of reconciliation which should not-restore
its sovereignty over Greece. In these dispositions of
the parties, there is certainly but small hope of an ac-
ceptable and effectual mediation. If, before the ex-
treme to which these opposite opinions were carried—
if at the time when the varying chances of war
seemed to give to both parties more than one rational
motive for an amicable arrangement, Russia had pro-
posed soch an arrangement, no blame could have
attached to it, or to those who might have been in-
clined to consider of such a plan. 'The document,
considered as a *Russian memorial, contains the ele-
ments of a treaty of peace. though these elements
were probably not reduced into a form proper to com-
municate to the belligerent parties. If the sovereignty
of the Turks should not be absolutely restored, if the
independence of the Greeks should not be absolutely
recognized,—two extremes incompatible with a media-
tion,—if the mediators could not express themselves
without constituting themselves parties in the cause,
no chance remained but in a manner and to a certain
point to modify both the sovereignty of the Porte and
the independence of the Greeks ; and the for it and the
degree of these modifications seemed to foam the ques-
tion which was to be examined and solved. Each of
the two parties might certainly defeat by its protest
any plan for an arrangement, however reasonable in
its principles, or impartial in its terms ; but we know
that both parties are equally resolved to :eject every
conceivable arrangement, and that the hope of a success-
ful mediation is at the present moment absolutely inad-
missible. With respectto that part of your letter, inwhich
you call on the [latish Government to assist the Greeks,
in their struggle for independence, and compare their
merits and their claims to such aid with those of the
Provinces of Spanish America which have separated fres na
the mother country, I must observe, that Great Britain
has declared and observed the strictest neutrality in the
contest between Spain and those Provinces; and that
the same neutrality has been obseried in the war which
now desolates Greece. The rights of Greece, as a bel-
ligerent Power, have been invariably respected ; and if
the British Government was obliged, on a late occasion,
to check the excesses that took place in the exercise of
its rights, we hope that such a necessity will not again
occur. The Provisional Government of Greece may
depend on the continuation of this neutrality: it may
be assured that Great Britain will take no part in
any attempt to impose upon it by force a plan for
the re-establishment; of peace contrary to its swishes,
if such a peace should ever be proposed ; but should
the Greeks ever think it advisable to ask our medi•
ation, we will offer it to the Porte; and if it is
accepted, we will neglect nothing to make it effec-
tnAl in concert with the other Powers whose in-
tervention would facilitate the arrangement. This is,
in our opinion, all that can be reasonably required of
the British Ministers. They have not to reproach them-
valves with having directly or indirectly excited the
Greeks at the beginning of their enterprise. or with
having in any manner impeded its progress. Connected
as we are with the Porte by the existing friendly rela-
tions, and by ancient treaties which the Porte has not
violated, it can certainly not be expected that England
should commence hostilities which that Power has not
provoked, and take part in a contest which is not
ours. I hope that what I have had the honour to re-
present to you, will remove every kind of suspicion or
reproach which error or intrigue may have caused, re-
specting the sentimeastsof the British Government to-
wards the Greeks, and be received as a proof of the
purity of our intentions apd of the frankness with which
we are ready to avow them. _

LEollo.ltlf, APRIL 1.
We have lately received pretty recent nom from the'
Levant. The news from Alexandria are to the?ah of
March, and those from Smyrna to. the 9th. The well-
known Ismael Gibraltar, Admiral of the irgypioo
fleet, had died on the passage from Rhodes to Alexan.
drier, and the body was thrown into theses. He Is much
regretted by his friends, who esteemed him as an enr
lightened and disinterested man. The preparations at
Aleaandria for a new campaign seeneto.be very back-
ward; but the Viceroy had hired some transports, which
were ready for his service. Letters from Smyrna say
that Ibrahim Pacha had landed 2,000 men at Modon,
and then sailed to Patras. This is in past confirmed by
Captains of ships, who say they met a Turkish squa-
dron of twelve sail off Navarino, steering North. Art
army of 12,000 men is said to be ready at Candia to
be embarked for the Mores, so that it seems that the
peninsula is likely to be the theatre of great events.
At Smyrna they hope that the Turks will find many
partisans there when they appear in considerable force.
CORFU, MARCH I&
I —.LITTER OF U. RODIOS, IN THE NAME OF THE PROVI-
SIONAL GREEK GOVERNMENT, TO MR. CANNING.
" Napoli di Romania,. August 12 (24). 1824.
" Town EXCELLENCY—For these four years past the
Greeks, in firm reliance in Diviwe PROVIDENCE, have
defended, not without success, the land of their fathers.
I say they defend the land, for they care little about
the villages, houses, and private possessions. This has
been sufficiently proved in the variotts incursions of the
enemy, when the Greeks, with equal courage and meg-4
nanimity, have sacrificed their most valuable awl
dearest property. They preferredireedan under their
tents, in their valleys, or the•tokis of their mountains,
to the most splendid dwellings in slavery. Must not-
this remarkable circumstance in the history of the de-
fensive war of the Greeks convince all Christian minds,
that when they began the contest for the recovery of
their rights with shaking off an intolerable yoke, the
• sacred object was to deliver their faith, their country,
their holy temples, the graves of their fathers, their
wives, and their children, and that they were strangers
to the political views which agitated Europe? Guided
-by these principles in the b tru ggle they maintained,
they have not failed to implore the compassion of their
brethren in Christendom, and officially to solicit the
Monarchs of the Vienna Congress to take insulted hu-
manity under their protection. But European policy,
entertaining other ideas on the principles of oar cause,
and far from possessing a true knowledge of the Otto.
man dynasty, would neither give credit to the writings
of the Greeks, nor hear their groans and complaints,
but resolved to abide by a mere neutrality, which has
been in some instances fatal to the Greeks. As the
Greeks did not attain the object of their public appli-
cations, they were obliged to exert themselyes with
confidence, defending their sacred cause alone, and
leave it to time to set their motives and principles in a
clear light. The Government, in fact, continued in its
system of silence, and would have persevered in it had
not a Note, .proceeding from the North of Europe,
obliged them to break silence. This Note hasGreecetor
its object, and decides on its fate according to a will
which is foreign to it. It is difficult to imagine that
such a Nute can have come from a Court like that of
Russia. The Greeks, however, cannot be deceived re-
sisecting the-existence of tins Note ; and the Greek Na-
tion, as well as as Government, whose organ I have
thahonour to he, in offering their homage to his Bro.
tannic Majesty, through your Excellency, solemnly de-
clare that they prefer a glorious death to the disgi ace.
but lot intended to be imposed on them. it is not cre.
dible that his Britannic Majesty, who has sliewn such
philanthropical sentiments towards the people of South
America, will consent that the Greeks shall be so un-
worthily excluded from the list of civilized nations,
and delivered up to the caprice of the one or the other,
wit:mut having the power to constitute themselves as a
nation. Yet the Greeks are surely, with respect to their
claims, in a more advantageous situation than the South
Americans. They have impressed the stamp of die.
grace on the Turkish weakness—they have proved that
they are worthy to be free. They do not contend against
their mother country, but against a foreign nation that
occupied their country, and treated their children as
slaves. The Greeks, to the astonishment of all nations,
shook off the yoke of the barbarians. They commenced
the war without means to carry it on, convinced that
Use, could not assert their independence without inn's•
merable sacrifices ; they conquered fortresses, towns,
mud a number of posts which were in the hands of their
ferocious Despot. In several actions they have defeated
the numerous and formidable Turkish fleet with small
merchantmen; they have established laws like those of
, civilised nations; they have formed a Goveinmen.,
and submitted to its commands. Can it now be doubted
that the Greeks are worthy of independence? It will Friday last, the Anniversary Dinner of the London
doubtless not escape his Britannic Majesty, that Greece, Hospital Samaritan Society took place. at the City of
what free, both by the spirit of its people and its geo- London Tavern, for the eighty-fifth time. His Royal
graphical position, may promote the interests of Great Highness the Duke of GLOUCESTER, the Patron, took
Trade is the vital principle of civilized na- the Chair. The Meting was well attended.
tious ; and where can trade be more advantageously A wood in Boughton under the Blean was accident-
catried on than in Greecei ally set on tire, on Monday, and nearly one hundred
e What stronger barrier against the increase of a vast acres were destroyed, before it could be checked, by
European Power, what mare favourable point for the cutting down some trees by the side of a road which
maintenance of the balance of power, can England intersected the wood.
find than those *natural compacts in the midst of which The annual bill of mortality for Liverpool has just
Greece is situated? These ate indisputable truths been issued. The total number of births during the
which time will confirm. Oa these grounds, Greece,
past year. is 5,505; of burials, 4,132, and marriages
as I believe, has morally and politically the right to
I,Bo6.—presenting an increase over the preceding year,
expect every kind of aid and plometion from the hu-
of births, 276; marriages, 80; and burials, 594.
Mane English, and especially from his Britannic Ma-
jesty, *hose honourable sentiment* are universally The exclamation of any
jests,, 1 is more probably de-
rived front the French words 7'ailli hors," " out of the
**owe. It can no longer be doubted, whether the in-
cover," than from e en " t o cover."
decadence of Greece mencides with the interests of
the European nations, and this circumstance is a pow. Don MANUEL RODRIOUti, a Spanish Officer, who
mist reason that the Greek nation should not be strip- distinguished himself in the late and farmer wars in
pod el its sacred rights, and that the English nation, the Peninsula, has addressed a letter to the Editor of a
whose weight in the political balance is so generally Morning Paper, stating the destitute situation of him-
recognized,. should be isdiffereat to the affecting sight self and his fellow-countrymen in England.
01. humanity, so unjustly and so unworthily trampled "As a Spaniard," he says, " I cannot avoid feeling the warmest
gratitude to the English Nation, for the generous relief which bee
nether foot.. I have the honour, Re. been tin lately afforded my countrymen and myself. We were
(SPI4I) " P. I. RODIOS, dal." certainly not supported in affluence, but we were enabled resehk
Now,
aas w however,
ta our supply
/1.--MILCAIIII4.IOII mum= TO THE llMCltlrrAltrOmstm.
has
impossible tobean
sadetay the cravin sired; nate ad it
MAL eV. THE PROVIFIONAL 00,FANIIENT of ealteL Each of as receive, but tee shillings a week, our wives as. Lei
44
Ideoloos Dee. Is )0.4- ear cblidrei as. of whatever age they may be. Thus I, being bur.
" The letter which you did me the honour to write dated with a wife, and sea of ten years of age, have to obtain the
tome on the 24th of August, did not reach me till lodging food, end dialog. of three Person, for le& a week.
the 4th of November. It contains remarts of the Pro. ileac. not this es a 6.l,o_ll.!_tAleloot the lesersolty of the Brush
s_'•hijottorOoveratment of Greece, on . a document which 1""*"""ce we --1-ere that no perms in the wwlas:oril
would mammas exertions in oar favour, bet
ii;4lo. inserted in the &tromp jettenals, as a plan "empress our Wilma doe mew method should he devised fir ear
ter intablisbanees of peace- is Greece, proceeding ellgitystatt, et dot I::tbile.ctaet to trespass on their h
fec4a dig Cabinet of St. Petersbergh. as bey, asaldlaais earn be With regard to myseif,talisk
:tbe that the. pubkisation of this document • ~,, Whim awn wq esuntrysasii here, I may truly say, that wed*
• witb°llt autbteity. lam unableimeitnlierel"tO:sisuenir ri.sarvapts,ll6.lll:2=dbe eat, wither
dachappryasto adept it." ce
even

. -

(Signed) 44 I have the honour to be, &c.
• ,1 CANNING.`
