NAVAL INTELLICIIIVCR.

DZA L, Die. 20.—Wind N. W. blowing strong, in squalls.—A ship,
reported from London for New South Wales. supposed the VibuUa,
passed this morning, with lose of anchor and cable.

Poaessiouvn. Dec. 40.—Wind N. W. strong breeze.—Arrived the 1
Diligence and Industry transports from Plymouth.
FA UIOUTN, Doc. 19.—Wind W. Hgbt airs.--Salled the Duke of
Marlborough packet for Lisbon. I

PM/JIM Dec. 19.—Arrived off.pert the Jove. Hendruka; from
Alexandria.

Basstor., Dan. Hr.—Arrived the Concord. Johns, from Quebec;
the Wanderer, from Lisbon ; and the Raman y. from St. Petersburg.
Hermosa', Dec. S.—Arrived the Sulgrave. Fleming, from Brasil;
and the Mary Todd. Barton, from St. Andrew's.

Smears.. Doc. lg.—Arrived the Joseph, Hume, from Virginia ;
and Ann, Berks, from Dalhousie.

The Hawk, from Leeds to London, sunk no the Barnard Sand
yesterday.
The Sr. Jean Giroux, from New York, arrived at Brest with da-
mage and lots of rudder, bound to Havre.

The Betsey snd Janet, front St. Clair, is stranded at Castle Danart
Sound, of bluIL

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Dec. 20.
PITITIOXII.

Lord ROSEBERRV prMinteaapetition front the Town Council
and Magistrates of Linlithgow, for Reform in Parliament. The
noble lord said no mistake could be greater than that which
stated that the people of Scotland bad no desire for improvement in
their representation. Since the question of reform had been agitated,
the whole population had been animated by a desire to accomplish
that end.

Lord DUNCAN expressed the satisfaction be felt on finding the
statement he made on a fbrmer debate confirmed by the noble
lord. The people of Scotland were not supine upon the question uf
Reform.

Earl STANHOPE presented petitions (tom Woburn. Marlborough,
and Chipping Wycomb, ago t Negro Slavery. The noble earl took
the opportunity of expressing the opinion he entertained upon the sub-
Jed of the said petitions. He entertained the strongest abhorrence of
Negro Slavery, but be ht the total abolition should be approached
with caution. The petit wbo complained of distress, occa-
sioned by the measures adopted by the Legislature, were entitled to
have their interest considered. He had frequently expressed his sen.
thnents on the question in that House, and he could not avoid saying
he thought it wrong fair any Noble Lord, even the Noble and Learned
Lord on the woolsack, to dictate how a Peer in that assembly was to
speak, or when be was to speak. If the Noble and Learned Lord In-
tended on a former occasion to convey admonition to him (Lord Stan-
hope), he should only say, that the lecture the Noble and Learned
Lord bad given him was unnecessary, and therefore unpleasant. He
considered it %%holly uncommon in that House. With the indulgence
of their Lordships, he should deliver his opinion In his own way,
whenever public duty required it, without asking permission of the
Noble and Learned I.ord.
The petitions were then laid on the table.
The Duke of CU3IBEHLAND presented a petition against slavery.
&COTO' BOROUGHS.

Lord NAPIEK moved for returns relating to the constitution of
Scotch Borougliv, but after a few words from Lotd Rosebtrry and Lord
Rosalyn, was induced to postpone It.

LUNATICS IX CHANCERY.

The LORD CHANCELLOR rose to move for a return of con.
sidersble importance, and as the Noble and Learned Lord who
had so long presided in the Court of Chancery was pre.
sent, he should call the attention of their Lordships to a mat-
ter in which that Noble and Learned Lord might render
great assistance. It was in the knowledge of their Lordships
that a number of persons labouring under mental derange-
ment were subject to the jurisdiction of the Keeper of the Oreat Seal.
The number averaged about 400 annually. They were all supported
out of their property lodged in the Court of Chancery. A sum of
about 13,0001. a-year was paid for the protection of lunatics out o•
Chancery. That court took care of the estates and property d those
unhappy persons ; but their lordships would see the didiculty under
which the court was placed. On the determination of its own custody
of individuah it had no power to promote the recovery of those ladies.
duals. It had occurred to those who had preceded the noble and
learned lord, that some arrangement should be made on that subject.
The lunatic asylums contained about 25,000 patients, and upon the
average two out of six were cured annually. Of the 400 patients anus.
ally under the care of the great seal, one-twentieth part generally re-
mained uncured, and there was no reasonwhy that portion should not
have the advantage of the best treatment with a view to their early re-
covery. It had been suggested that it would be expedient to establish
a medical board of persons competent to judged the cure of insane
persons, but that board was not to be compelled of what was called
mad doctors, but men taken from the general branch of the
medical profession. A Board of two individuals was to be formed, re.
...Airing moderate salaries, and having authority to inquire into the state
of Chancery lunatics. They were to examine them from time to time,
and enable the Court to know whether they were well treated, and re-
port the earliest return to sanity. This arrangement was the result of
a discussion which had taken place between himself and a noble friend,
and he considered it a subject worthy the consideration of their lordship.
whenever it should be debated. He should be prepared, when certain
returns for which he intended to move were laid upon the table, to state
the plan of a general establishment, to prevent abuses on the port of
medical persons entrusted with the ears of lunatics. The noble and
learned lord concluded by moving, " That there be laid before
the House an account of the mamba of lunatics under the care of the
Lord Chancellor, with dates, showing the longest and shortest times
they had been under his are; also an account of the total amount of
sums allowed for the maintenance and eared such persons."
The Rad of ELDON said the Court of Chancery had not the entire
we of lunatics. The jurisdiction was not with the Lord Chan-
cellor, but with the King, as guardian of lunatics. The noble lord
might be assured that any ausstance he could give for the improve.
some of the audition of those unfortunate should be
afforded. He had, during his profs life, date all herc=
for those unhappy paean. He felt the 'bandage by humanity,
but he begged the noble and learned lord would cooahlor whether
medical men were not the most proper payees es jaded inosaley
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the proper cause might be to
have two general practitioners and one medical slob
The return was then ordered.
On the motion of Had OBEY, the Patents Bin was read the second
Noe.

MAN RIVER.
Lord TEY NHAM, pumetat to Dodos, alibi the Mendes of
Majesty's joyerursent in the thite of the Scan liver Sedhthent, which
hadbeenfribni in • piper te be ba met thipieseble ream
A umber of his if , son ectr bed been Woad to teemed to that
sadism& under had est by the tmersonent t rod rev.
May it see a of awful inspemdad. n is I** and WPM
at the.. rimed depended upon correct infimerden to be derived Rant
He bed no doubt the noble violent meld eve Ids ad
reeti=donall. in his pm.. The elelpase required pommies, and
the demade, is his opinion, thesid be Mined by the sickbed) et
waits keele. There were set has dies ISAMOth emu of mite WM
In di esentry, which he emetheied vadada » *Ad 1.61.84.
happy. The Nile emanded by WM, the Noble viscount at die
beid of the OdeMl Determent, if tin. &did en the pm of W
Majesty's Omemeent es intention es aheedes the seedemest of she
dim KM,

Viscount GODERICH said it did not appear necesaary then to
discuss the question of emigration and the cultivation or waste lands,
but in answer to the querrion put by the noble lord, I will nay
(observed the noble Viscount) it is not, as far as I have b-en able
to make inquiry, the intention of his Majesty's Governme-t t 4
propose the abandonment of the settlement of the Swan River.
On the contrary, having reason to believe the last account., 1 should
say so for from being in the state mentioned by the noble lo:.1,
it promises to become a useful settlement Every body knows there
must be great difficulties to encounter in the first ctiorts to es-
tablish a colony. Those difficulties can only be overcome by qua-
lities which do not belong to all settlers. Many must have (wiled
in their speculations. (Hear.) The last account, dated the 20th I.f
January, 1830, from Captain Stirling, who commanded at the colony,
gave no reason to be dissatisfied." He had no objection to produce any
paper the noble lord might move for, reserving to himself the right of
moving for other papers.
Lord TEYNHAM said it was extraordinary his Majesty's govern.
meat had receivedlisodispatches from the Swan river since January last.
He had a letter dated 4th May in the present year, by which it ap-
parel that the settlers found no land to cultivate beyond the mountains
Ibo leagues distant from the settlement. The noble lord then moved
for a return of the number of vessels and passengers which have sailed
from London for the Swan river.

Viscount CiODERICH said the Governor of the Colony had, no
doubt, sent his dispatches by a direct conveyance. He concluded by
moving that there be laid before the House the letter to which he had
alluded, as an amendment in the Nl;Apc of an addition to the Noble
Lord's (Teynham).— Both were ago d to.

SUITS IN COMMON LAM 1141011111. •ILL,
After a short conversation between Lord Wirstroati, Earl of
Bums, and the LORD CHANCELLOR, this Bill was read a second
time.

Adjourned at Twenty Minutes to Seven &Clock.

HOUSE OF COM NIONS —Di c. 20.

The London Bridge Approaches Amendment bill wu read a 6:4t
time. and ordered to best:id a second time.

Mr. SADLER presented a petition against negro slavery.
Lord IIORPETH presented asitnilar petition.
Mr. JAMES BROUGH Asl presented a similar petition from
Liao.

Mr. Alderman WOOD moved fur returns of all peraons engaged in
public (Aces in 11128 and 18•211, accounts of salaries, *.c.—Oroered.
Mr. k kNNEDY presented petitions fur an extension of the elective
franchise from Glasgow, Dundee, Jedburough, and Dumfries.

Sir J. NEWPORT expreomi the hope that in the extension of the
elective franchise Ireland would not be forgotten. When reform was at
work, it ought not to be overlooked. Belfast, a large and opulent town,
had its representatives retuned by a sovereign and twelve burgetses,
one half of whom were not resident, and the other half disqualified by
being revenue officers.
Sir R. PEROUSSON presented a similar petition from Dunbar,
and Crail, and against slavery.
Mr. LENNA It D presented a petition from Montague Burgoyne, one
of the Verderers of Waltham Forest, praying that the forest might be
enclosed.

Mr. LENNARD presented a petition front Malden, for the abolition
of slavery.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from Mr. R. Mason, of Liver-
pool, complaining of the election. He said there was nothing personal in
the petition ; because whoever had been returned, he should have
petitioned on the subject in consequence of the disgraceful transactions
that had characterised the election. There were 4,500 voters, and
the petitioners asserted that four.siztha of the voters had been bribed.
The petitioner was fearful, from a rumour, that the sitting member
(Mr. Ewart) was about to vacate his seat, and thereby evade the
penalties of his proceedings. He prayed that the House would in-
stitute Inquiries.
General OASCOYNE said that there was already a petition before
the House, and that this petition and the address were ptejudging the
we.

Mr. !MART said he gloried in the return; he had been returned
by the middle classes, and his conscience did not accuse him of having
done any thing wrong.
The SPEAKER remarked, that If this were an election petition It
was too late.

Mr. ROBINSON denied that it was an election
to lie the table.

Mr. TENNANT gave notice that, before the Easter recess, he
should move a Commission to inquire into the best means of relieving
the poor, by an appropriation of the waste lands of the Condos, South
Africa, the Asiatic Islands, &c.
Mr. H. DAVIES presented a petition from Bristol, for the repeal
of the assessed taxes ; also a petition for the extinction of negro slavery.
Mr. BAILEY said the principle of compensation being admitted,
be should, both as a West India proprietor and member for Bristol,
give his hearty concurrence to the final extinction of slavery.
Mr. EVANS thought there was no evil to be apprehended from ire.
mediate emancipation. In Mexico all the slaves were emancipated in
one day, and no evil consequences followed.
Mr. O'GORMAN Al ARON presented • petition from the county
of Clare, praying that parishes in which there were no protestant inba.
bitants might be exempted from the payment of Tithes and Chutch
Rates.

Sir R. INGLIS said Tithes were taken frees the land, and if Dot
taken, the tenant would not be benefited, but the landlord.
Mr. HUME said Tithes were injurious to the Tenants and the pub.
lie, and he hoped no time would be lost in commuting such a tax for
another mode of payment.
Mi.O'CIOR MAN MAHON presented a petition complaining of the
tithes, from a parish in the coanty of Clam, that had no Protestants,
no Protestant Parson, and no Protestant Church. He then presented a
petition from persons confined in Newgate, Dublin, complaining that
though not found guilty of any offence, they were kept in
prison. They could not be tried, because their Recorder was a
member of that house, and said he was obliged to attend the house. A
person engaged in the silk trade of Dublin wished the sad member to
be in his place in the House of Coalitions on a particular day, but the
member said he could not, as be had to attend the duty of Recorder.
The offices were incompatible—the gentleman ought to be compelled to
make his choice to be the Recorder or the Member. That house Tined
8001. or 8001. • year to the Recorder of Dublin, in oddities to what was
obtained from the corporation.
Mr. LEFROY saidolle Recorder had discharged the pel beim he
he came to attend his duty in that house.
Sir R. PEEL said, he supposed there were Seed times for bolding
the Se•sions in Dublin, and the absence of the Recorder between these
times was no injury to the prisoners.
Mr. HUME thought the Akre of Rocorder of Dublin and member
of that house were incompatible, and he thought the right bon. baronet
the late Minister of Justice, should have inquired into it.
Sir ft. PERI. said, the his. member strewed great ignorance of the
law in supposing that ministers bad any thing to do with the of ice of
Recorder of Dublin.
Mr. HUME said he thought the right hoe baronet's observation
was not very courteous. He still thought the questioo deserved to be
considered by the hou.e.
3lr. ELLICE moved the third reading of the Consolidated Fund
Bill.

Sir OEOROR CLERK said, be took that opportunity of asking a
question in which the mapufacturen of kelp were greatly interested.—
He had heard that an order was sent to the custom-houses to admit
baulk at a reduced duty. The duty was laid on that article not
Gtr the purpose of revenue, but foe a protection to the manufacture
of kelp.
Mr. P. THOMPSON said, it was the intention of Government to
bring in a bill to reduce the duty on barilla toll. 10s. and in the mean-
time orders had been leaned by the Treasury to admit it to entry at that
duty, taking bond for the payment of the present duty in the event of
Parliament not agreeing to the bill ; in this way the public were se-
cured against loss. The nianufacturers of kelp admitted that the pre.
sent duty was not of any material service to thew : the eapediestey of
the reduction be should justify when the proper time came.
Mr. BERRIES said it was the intention of the late government is-.
, propose a reduction of the duty on barilla, but the alteration would not
have been made without the consent of parliament.--1 Hear, bear.) He
knew the WM thing had been dune by Mr. Husklesou with respect to
silk. but parliament was not then sitting.
Mr. ROBINSON agreed in the retitle:ion of the duty, Dui tht.ught
parliament should have been applied to before any reduction was per-
mitted by government.
Mr. P. THOMPSON said the President of the Baud of Trade lat
session stated In that house his intention of bringing in a bill for the re-
duction of the duty is that sesaion, is easeequenen of which the dealera
were placed in a most difficult situation, and government thought it
wan due to them to allow the impartation at the nduesel duty,
taking bond for the payment of the higher, if pultament should
not agree in the reduction, by which no loss could be .ustained.—
(Hear, hear.)
Sir N. W. RIDLEY said, if the measure was persevered in, the
manufacture of British barilla must be annihilated.

Mr. HAS/MLR said the aseaufacture of basil s b tbis country could
mew amuse with the foreign. The eMet of the high duly MISS be
to domes ell the manufactures la which Willa was used.
Mr. COURTRNAY thought he might agree In the reduction of the
duty= but really regretted that it had bees wade without the seam of
Pediment.
Mr. ATTWOOD thought it wee much to be lemma dm sae of
the Est acts of as Admicisuatiem scarcely fastened is eMee should be
to apneas the Roulette of Partialness. (Hear. been) He night
agree is the reducties of duty, but certalay Petaluma( elistlel au be
puma ewer ia the reducties of a duty. Hmr, teerl
Ile. G. RANKER said, It was rassured this the Ratko respary 4
Inked had bees Mosul, he wished to ash whales thee wan she
lla
fir J. GRAHAM end the Ueda Secretary A belts wee as.
a~wedi ea she Gammas had nude the nose* bemiala it was a
Mldel%y politica

■

li,

?1••

~ `~~. .

•

-- - -
• (
RUTTIVEN said it was a most popular act of the Government,
is make the alteration they had done In the Secretary's Office in Ire-
--( Hear.)
Mr. DAWSOV said he wished to say a few worthily. the late official
appointments in Ireland. He did not mean to cast any reflection on
tbe persons appointed to the office of Chief Justice of the Common
Pleas, nor on the (Thief Baron in Ireland ; hut on the manner in
which appointments had been made It was no rootlet known that
bold Plunket was to be appointed Chancellor, because. it was a poll.
lien] office, but the greatest alarm took place in Ireland. Lord
Plunket was by no means popular with Catholics or Protestants.
The salary of the office was to be reduced 2,0001. a year ; but still
she appointment was not one of economy. The Chief Baron of Ireland
was perfectly competent to the discharge of his duty, and his retirement
wish a peerage, as was now rumoured, would have all the appearance of
bribing the Chief Baron, with a peerage, to accept a retiring pension.
In the year 1825. the member for Limerick moved a resolution in that
house, that the Chief Baron was guilty of extorting illegal fees in his
own Court, which was supported by a small minority in that house,
amongst whom were the members of the present administration ; Henry
Brougham, the present Chancellor and Keeper of the King's conscience,
boring the first name on the li.t. He had himself voted against that re.
solution, but that did not jubtify the present conduct of those by whom
it was supported.
Colonel O'GRADY (son of the Chief Baron), said he never was es
astonished as at the Right Hon, gentleman's bringing forward such a
subject without having given him notice. (Hear, hear, hear, hear.)
There was no one who had voted against the Chief Baron on that occa-
sion, who had not long since been convinced that the accusations were
unfounded. If he had been allowed one day to arrange the facts, it
would appear clearly that there was not the slightest foundation for the
charges made against the Chief Baron, who has been thirty years as
officer of the public, and twenty-five years in his present office, which
he had filled with unsullied honour. It was not unreasonable that he
should wish to have some few years to himself, before he should be
called to his final account, not that the government should place hira is
the same situation as his predecessor ; but he repelled with in.
olignation his retiring for the bribe of a peerage; for himself,
there was nothing he could inherit of which he would be half
so proud as the Chief Baron's high character. (Hear, hear, hear.)
Sir JAMES GRA H 01 said the Administration was on its trial,
and placed its reliance on public opinion. (Hear, hear.) It was pledged
to a substantial Reform in Parliament, a rigid reduction of the public
expense, and a non-interference in the affairs of other states. On these
principles they were willing to be tried. He had always admired the
right hon. gentleman's (11r. Dawson's) seal in the discharge of hie
duty, but was a little surprised at Its great increase in three short weeks
since he left office. (Hear, hear, hear.) Respecting the appointments
In Ireland, he admitted that judicial and political offices should not be
united ; but the office of Lord Chancellor was always an exception,
both in England and Ireland. Ireland was at this time deeply agi.
tated by a party, too powerful, calling for the repeal of the Union;
would it be wise, for the sake of saving 1,5001. a-year, to deprive the
Lord Lieutenant of the counsel of that man, who was the most eminent
man of his own country, and who had scarcely his equal in this?
(Hear, hear, hear.) It was not from the right honourable gentle.
man, an Orangeman himself, that be would take the opinion of the
Catholics of Ireland on the appoint.nent of Lord Plunkett. With
respect to the appointment of Mr. Doherty to be Chief Justice of the
Common Pleas, the right hon. gentleman had made a objection, and
he believed no could be made. He had been informed that a paired
had been made to the chief baron, by the late government, to retire; M
all events his time of service allowed him to retire. The administratlea
had already reduced the treasurenhip of the navy, the lieutenant-gang
of the ordnance, the vicatressurership of Ireland, and postmastership of
Ireland, in the very infancy of their official life. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. GEORGE LAMB said, he was never so astonished as at the
speech of the right boo. gentleman opposite ( Mr. Dawson). He had
voted ten years ago for a resolution to put the Chief Baron on bb
trial, in which very few members of the house agreed with him;
a large majority of the house acquitted him ; and he always held
himself bound to consider a man so honourably acquitted an innocent
man. (Hear.)
Mr. Al. A. TAYLOR said, he had spoken and voted against Chief
Baron O'Grady for raising the fees in his own court for his own benefit
But the leading men of that house voted against sending the Chief
Baron for trial— Lord Lyndhurst was one. If he had been the Chief
Baron's adviser he would have advised him, at the time to put himself
on his trial, and he now perfectly acquitted him of the charge brought
against him. ( Hear. hear.)
Lord MORPETH said, he should say nothing of the
brought against the Chief Baron of Ireland, who had in that house is
natural and eloquent protector. With respect to the attempt that had
been made to impugn the appointment of Lord Plunket to the Office
of Chancellor, he begged to remind the House that while Lord Plunket
was the most eloquent supporter of the Catholic question, he was also
the ablest defender of the established church.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT said that Lord Plunket was so zealous a
defender of the established church in that house, even in Its usurps.
Lions, that when be (Sir John Newport) brought in a bill to compel the
payment of First Fruits, according to the original intention, Lord
Plunket opposed the bill, in consequence of which it was lost. Lord
Plunket's father was a dissenting clergyman, but Lord Plunket out
of three sons had placed two of them in the Established Church.
Sir ROBERT PEEL said, that Sir Anthony Hart, though, like
all public officers in Ireland, be might have been visited with blame,
was folly entitled to hit. retirement by his zealousness, integrity. and
length of service. The late Government had been treated as indifferent
to the sufferings of the people and to expenditure; but he would ask
Ministers if their experience of public affairs, short as it had been.
bad not convinced them that Government had more difficulties to
encounter than they had been aware of ? He could not agree that the
office of Irish Chancellor, whose chief political act was the recom.
mendation of Magistrates, should be necessarily a political office ; the
responsible advisers of the Lord Lieutenants were the Chief Secre-
taries; their legal advisers, the attorneys. The expenses lately in-
curml in Ireland furnished grounds,firsr for not condemning too hastily
the late Government ; secondly, for not raising hors which could
not be realized. The hon. baronet, when the difficulties had inclosed,
when the estimates were to be drawn up, would find, occasionally,
reason to lament, that when acting in that house with less expenses,
he should have encouraged in the people expectations which, consis-
tently with the safety of the country, could not be effected; that be
should have too violent a disposition to censure and condemn the Duke
of Wellington. No man in office had possessed so sincere a desire to
promote true economy, nor greater means of enforcing it, than his noble
friend. One of the offices abolished (that of the treasurer of the mint),
it had been the intention of his noble friend to abolish immediately;
but without stopping to mention matters of detail, it was when
the general estimates were laid before the house, that it would
be time to make the comparison between the two governments,
and to condemn the late one. Any great reduction in the effective
strength of the management of public affairs, without detri-
ment, he did not mean to individuals, but to the public business, was
a delusion, and (though every unnecessary office should be dispase
with), it should not be attempted for the sake of a shallow and firedog
popularity. The hon. baronet had said that the present administration
was pledged to three acts—reform, economy, sod the maintenance of
peace. He trusted that no measure of reform would be contemplated
esetrary to the existing institutions, and that the declaration of the noble
Iced at the head of the government would be strictly adhered to ; the
profession of economy was that of every government, but he felt sot.
prise to hear stated as a distinctive mark of policy the determination
to maintain peace.—No man could feel more deeply than he did the
moral crime of an unjust war, and that it was the policy of this
country for its interests, and for those of the world, to maintain peace;
but it was not always a question of will, and be doubted the policy of
too strong a declaration of adherence to peace. If Ministers explained
and qualified that declaration, they were brought back to what the late
Ministers were fin the Duke of Wellington's Government, short of
national dishonour, was eminently a pacific one. Let every drat for
the preservation of peace be made ; but let us not publish too much to
the world that the necessity of peace is imposed upon us by circum-
stances, instead of showing our confidence tat if an appeal to arms,
just and necessary, were made, the people would rally round Govern.
ment and maintain it in its struggle. The Horn. Baronet might think
that his (hir R. P.'s) conduct was a vexatious opposition, that it arose
from disappointment, from a desire of office; he would assure him that,
so far as office was concerned, he should look upon a return to office as
a personal misfortune. What had given him the greatest satisfaction
was the determination of ministers to persevere, at all hazard., in the le-
gislative union between Ireland and England ; it was most proper to
give a timely publicity, to that detenninadon. When discussion might
be sought to be avoi&d, recourse being had to popular agitation, he
should suggest to government the propriety of moving a resolution, and
of putting upon record the deliberate opinion of the bane upon the
subject. On the question of the union of the two tanntries, when it
should come on, Catholics and Protestants, forgetting any religious
differences, would, he trusted, be unanimously agreed, (and if his
sacrifices, whatever they might have been, to which allusion bad
been made, should have contributed to that unanimity be should rejoice
in those sacrifices) in declaring that England sod Ireland will share
their fortunes in peace and in war, Uwe must have war, will fight toge-
ther, and fight successfully, which they Could never do disunited. If
any one should be found to exhort the people to follow the example of
Paris and Brussels, be hoped that all men ;assessed of property, how.
ever small, would well consider, first, if they had a justifiable cause to
do so, and next the present condition of the revolutionised countries;
that they would well consider the fate of Francs and the evil effects et
Revolution, even when that revolution was justifiable; the state of the
public funds, the condition of the working people, worse than it was
before, ebe diminished quantity of labour, the alarm and d
which still prevailed. The right hon. gentleman concluded belyPi=
wade' as die &limb made to the people by the public ress—eppeals
calcufased to degrade and lower all the constituted authotitios, and to
lead to the worsted; tyrannies—fist 'penny of an ungovernable
(Hear,/leany
blr. HUME eeneunral. to the opinion. thee a revolution would lad
luont dirostrous effect& • but why had the right boo. baronet read his
lecture ally to the kiwer ;losses. and net, at the same time, to t=
ones, who, by their isteladatinistestion and refund to pant ame

!~ .

.. ;,,~

in any respect, had produced the present state of things P When be
looked to the amount of the present expenditure, and what it was in
1792, he was sure that ministers, if they persevered, might make good
their promises : if they did not persevere, they could not maintain their
seats. When he considered that the institutions, for the preservation
of which the right hon. baronet was so anxious, were the source of the
present sinecures, pensions, of the undiminished dead weight, of the
rotten boroughs, and (for after the Solicitor-Oaseral's statement he must
include the Court of Chancery) of the present Court of Chancery, he
really could not we what were the institutions worth keeping. He con-
curred in the determination to avoid interference and war, the causes of
000,000,0001. of debt, and which could be necessitated only by the
country being invaded, and an invasion was almost impracticable.--
(Hear, hear.)
Sir R. PEEL explained.
Mr. LEADER approved of the appointment of Lord Plunket in the
present state of Ireland. A judicious treatment, the removal of the
evils of absenteeism, and of oppressive burdens, would soon leave the
anti.unionbts no ground to stand upon.
Mr. SLANGY said that the evil advice, addressed to the people by
public papers, were to be feared only when reform and retrenchment
were refused. With respect to the disturbed districts, he had turned
his attention to the subject, and he was convinced, that in a very short
time, when the gentlemen were gone back to their estates, and had
made the required exertions, had given fresh employment during the
severity of the ensuing season, and had conducted themselves with con-
ciliation and firmness, a very considerable improvement would take
place in thaw districts.
Mr. G. DAWSON, in the course of his explanation, regretted the
use of the word bribe. _ _

The Consolidated iand Bill eras then read a third time.

Sir J. GRAHAM gave notice, that to-morrow (Tuesday) the House
would adjourn till Thursday, when the House would be moved to ad-
journ till Tuesday Bth February.
The debate on the Court of Chancery was then resumed.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR said that the Chancery question had been made
a party question, and that Government not having taken it up, no
bad been effected in the administration of justice, though the remchsalZ
offered by the Member for Weymouth had been offered by him and
*then for the last twenty years. He was for the abolition of the Six
Clerks' Office. The Chancellor should be the bead of the Court, but
should assist only at questions of appeal four other Judges being ap-
pointed for the ordinary business. The viciousness of the system was ap-
pallingly extended ; but much of the remedy had been in the hands of
the different Lords Chancellor. (Hear.) He did not complain of Lord
Eldon only, but also complained of Lord Lyndhurst, but nothing would
either do—the evils were pointed out, and stared them in the face for
the last twenty years, yet nothing could they be induced to do. If the
Lord Chancellor would do nothing, the Executive ought to have urged
the attempt at some remedy. He had expended much in time and
trouble, and patience too, but all were at the service of the public. It
was unknown the number of letters and communications he received
from persons, widows, orphans, and others, complaining of the hard.
ships and calamities expelienced in and from this Court. Only a few
days ago he received a letter from one lady which consisted of sixteen
sheets, the fact was so—the lady resided near Bungay. But nobody
thought of Chancery, it wasa dry subject. There were families reduced to
beggary andimin, exposed to the most dreadful privations by the Court of
Chancery. He did not blame the judge; it was no fault of the judge,
it was the system, the vicious system that was to blame, and ruin
and calamity would continue to result from the pernicious system
till it was effectually, thoroughly, and completely corrected. He
had the greatest reliance on the present Lord Chancellor; he who had
painted the evils of the court in such lively colours, and eloquent and
feeling language, would attempt • remedy, he believed. He felt quite
assured that his lordship would attempt the reform of his own court ;
and that if his individual exertions were not successful, his lordship
would then come to parliament for a remedy. But amongst the reforms
most loudly called for, perhaps there were none that more required reme-
dy than the patent places of the Court of Chancery; they were most dis-
graceful, and parliament ought at once to correct the monstrous evil. He
however now had hopes of seeing the abuses of the Court of Chancery
attempted to be reformed. He had applied to the question for many
years, and whoever might be the Ministers, be would never quit the
question till be saw his wishes and the desires of the country accom-
plished. If the Lord Chancellor would would attempt a
remedy, he would afford all the aid he could to his Lordship. Than a
reform of the Court of Chancery, he could conceive no grimier blessing
that could be conferred on the country. He hoped the day was not far
distant when the country would look upon the Court of Chancery as a
blessing, not as a curse.
Mr. J. WILLIAMS said, if it were true, as true most undoubtedly
it was, that speeches were no longer requisite, that they had had their
day '
—that facts only, now were required—it would be useless to extend
this conversation for even additional facts were not required. He la-
mented that the honourable and learned gentleman who had brought
forward this motion—and who had great, such great experience—had
not brought forward some distinct propositions for the consideration of
the house, with a view to reform. It wee gratifying to know that the
courts of law were making some advances towards effecting an
amendment, by resuming that jurisdiction which the equity courts
had usurped. The Chief Justice of England's Bill of Inteepleader
had commenced this work, and the Common Law Courts had also ven-
tured to encroach upon the hallowed ground of legacies. He trusted
these advances would continue. He felt quite assured that remedy was
hopeless till there was a very considerable diminution of the jurisdiction
of the Lord Chancellor.—(Hear.)—Every one ought to wish success to
such efforts, because the Law Courts were more compendious and more
cheap.—(Hear, hear.)—lie trusted that there would be an end of the
notion that the principles of law and equity mixed were the per.
fection of the legal system.—Hear, bear.)--He then adverted to
cases where law and equity had been so brought to bear
on individuals as to ruin them, and reduce them to exist
on alms. In one case, a man had been kept out of 4,0001. to which be
was as justly entitled as man could be to any property, by the joint
operation of law and equity. The expenses had been run up to between
4,0001. and 5,0001 Had they been able to keep off the fangs of the
Court of Chancery the case would have been settled by an Was in a
court of common law—and that was the blessing of the perfection of
legal remedies; the joint efforts of law and equity united, that system
had been able to tear to pieces aproperty of upwards of 4,0001. Neither
of the contending parties bad derived one farthing benefit. Be the
a what they might, he must declare that such a system was
rheggraYcreiful, and ought to arouse all mankind. He expected no correc-
tions but by successive bills to diminish the jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery ; and it was only by such bills as those to which be had ,
adverted, taking away the Jurisdiction of the Chancery, and giving it
to other tribunals, that he saw light. With respect to the noble and
learned lord at the bead of the Court of Chancery, so great were his
attainments, such were his peculiar habits of application, that if his
lordship were only left long enough in his present position, his lordship
would become as accomplished a judge as had ever presided in his
court. He spoke from an intimate knowledge of the noble lord, who
would rather die than not render himself competent to his elevated
station.

Mr. SPENCE said he was astonished at the speech that had just been
uttered, because that hon. and learned gentleman had heretofore de-
fended the Equity Courts, and was, last session, the most strenuous
supporter of an as tional Judge fee the Court at Chancery. He could
not account for those different opinions. The question really was, could
the Court of Chancery be reformed ? He was of opinion that it could.
lie thought the House of Commons could and ought to effect the reform :
he did not consider that the executive ought to be required to find remedies
—let the house take up the matter. It was owing to the matter having
been constantly left with the executive that the evils of the court had gone
on increasing till they had now become intolerable. The house,
every member of the house, must assist the executive, or nothing, he
verily believed, would be done. Lord Hardwieke and others had put
an end, by orders, to the monstrous system of " gratuities," and yet
" gratuities,* or expedition mossy, existed in every department. And
there were various ~area. some at them amounting to 94001. con-
nected with the Court, and many of 'them bad been granted in rever-
sion. They were paid out of the money of the suitors. Ought not
such things to be pata stop to ? No doubt they ought to be, but no
comm Inc would refers; son abuses till the house took up
the whole question with the determination to supOy remedies. The
Lon. Member was persuaded that until the Lon Charcellor received a
salary instead of hes, it would be impossible to carry these
contemplated Reforms in the Administration of Justice into
effect. The fees now received by the Lord Changan amounted to
10,0001. per annum. (Hear, hear.) With Topa to the Accountant-
General's office, he should sagging that a broker be sppoiotad by the
Court of Chancery ; the fees of the Accountant-(metal's broker shoe,
amounted, in ISA to no less a sum than LULL By slopes, the
system practised in the Irish Court of Chancery, this mosey would be
saved. 'rhea, with respect to the Six Clerks office, be bad perused care.
fully the evidence laid before the bones on this question ; and be was
convinced that the office should be utterly abolished: the evils arising
from it were incalculable. He knew of one instance where the clerks
on each side received SOL a-piece, and the solicitors the same
sum, making the sum of ISIW. paid on each side of a cease, simply fee
the taxation Of costs. (Hear.) The hon. member contended that all
those offices not abooluudy beneficial to suitors should be abolished.—
He then animadverted apoo the unintelligible roods adopted in keeping
the Reports; the office of which, he was also of opinion, ought to be
abolished. The bon. member concluded by saying, that he perfectly
believed the Court of Chancery might be made hirdal to the country,
and so long as be held a seat in that House. be should net cease to bring
Its abuses Wiwi it, until a reform should be effinsil.
Str IL B. SUODEN summand, is essesquesme of the late bens and
the thinness of the House, -that the elms ea die gesiden le
AU. CHARLES GRANT was of misfits that the gasedlstt aught
to be posalded with.
Mr. CAMPBELL would protest Want the doctrine laid down by
the bon. member he Weymouth, that it was Impossible fee a cansoon
lawyer to be a geed chancery barrister.
Sir C. WETHEIttLL ruse to address the House, when
Mr. H. HUGHES moved the adjournment of the hernia
:Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON steended ski manes.

bows dun dirkkid, sad di.. amiwel°Noaeri
Wine *mud at a quarter pest Tways
