STATE OF THE COUNTRY.

Salisbury, Saturday Morning, Ten o'Clock.
A desperate affray took place at Pyt House, the seat of John Beam,
Esq. 31. P. tor the county. Mr. &nett, on earing that a mob (about
500) was approaching his house, went out on horseback to remonstrate
with them, when they began to_peit him with atones and brickbats;
just at this moment the Hindon Tmop under the command of Captain
Wyndham, came up, and in all probability saved Mr. IL's life. Mr. B.
again entreated them to disperse, but all was of no avail, they only pelted
him more. The .cavalry were then ordered to fire a blank cartridge
over their heads, in order to intimidate them, but the mob only
laughed at them, and asked them why they did nut do their duty ;
upon which they were ordered to load with ball cartridge.—
Mr. Henn was very much wounded by lint stones, which were
thrown at his head, as was Capt. Wyndham. The cavalry then attempted
to charge upon them, but the mob rushed Into the plantations which
intermend the house, where they continued pelting the cavalry, who at
last effected the charge, when several were wounded slightly, acd some
I mortally—one man was shot dead on the spot. A great number were
taken prisoners, twenty.five of whom were brought to Fishaton Gaol
the saute night ; several of them dreadfully wounded : one man
had a cut across the back of his hand, which separated the
muscles ; another three lingers off his left hand, and two off his
right ; another with a Vent off his skull eat off (it is thought
this man win not survtve); another with a severe cut across
One of his elbows ; another had his head cut open. Nine prisoners
were sent here from Wilton, for rioting, the same evening. A strong
detachment of the 9th Lancers has arrived here. The Hind= Troop is
gone to Hendon. The gaol now contains 78 prisoners for rioting, be.
sides othets for felony, dr.c.--all amounting to 120. The gaol of Win.
cheater is full, and the soldiers are obliged to confine the prisoners in
the barracks. A large farm' occupied by Mr. Harding, about three
miles from Dorchester, Ina been burnt down. Two more troops of
Lancers are now arrived here, on their route to Dorchester. Fisherton
gaol is guarded by a party of Lancer*.
Monday nearly 204) labourers proceeded to the house of Sir E. Poore,
during his absence; but being met by the gardener, who remonstrated
with them on the alarm it might occasion to Lady Poore and the children.
they remained quietly in the lane till he had seen her Ladyship, who
sent them 51. when they quietly dispersed. On Tuesday a molt as-
sembled at 31anningford Abbot*, where Sir R. Poore met them. lie;
rude in attiring then[, represented to them the impropriety of their conduct,
in destroying property, which they seemed bent upon doing, and recoils.
mended them to disperse, assuring them that, it' it was in his power
to redress their grievances, he would use his utmost endeavour
to do so. He said that they might either come to his house,
or he would meet them the next day at Pewsey, to discuss the sub. I
jest of their wages. They agreed to the latter : be then gave them a
sovereign, and thought they had gone home satisfied. Unfortunately.
however, they proceeded across the country to Alten,where they Inner
two threshing.maehines belonging to Mr. Miller, and one belonging
to Mr. Nate; they afterwards proceeded to demolish that of Mr.
Robert Pile. This gentleman, however, fired a pistol, and afterwards
a gun, loaded with large shot, in the midst of the mob, by which several
of them were wounded.- Mr. Pile would undoubtedly have been mur.
dered but for the intervention of a labourer named Bullock, one of
the leaden of the mob, who took him in his arms and carried him
into the house. Several other outman were committed, and all ape
pealed to be in favour of the multitude; b et in the evening 28 of the
party were secured by Messrs. Scott and Warriner, two active magis-
trates, assisted by the Devises, Chippenham, and Melkskam troops
of Yeomanry Cavalry, and committed to the Devises Bridewell.—
Salisbury Journal.

CAPTURE Or fORTY-lIETEN NACEINE-111REAVERS.
HUYTINOROW, Sunday Rvosing.--On Wednesday evening a party
of from 40 to 50 men assembled in the village of Santry, in thiseounty,
and proceeded to demolish two threshing-machines without ;molesta-
tion. On the following evening a more formidable party, from the vil-
lages of Upton, Alambury, la. uniting with the above. commenced
' their work of destruction on other machines in the neighbourhood ;
and amongst the rest, destroyed a very valuable one on the
Farm of air. Sturm, which is situated at Alambury Hill; ano-
ther at Mr. Dann's, at Stukeley Lodge; and another at Mr.
Wright's, at Monk's Wood House. The party at this time was be-
I swan 200 and 300 ; and, after accomplishing their object, they
very coolly went to the ses and required refreehment, and go-
florally succeeded in extorting money in lies of it. Having finished
their work here, they proceeded on to Duckworth, where they snivel
between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning, their numbers having a little
diminished by the way, and immediately sawed and broke to pieces two
thrashing-machines used on the fume of Mr.Oray and Mr. Hawker. Pro-
ceeding to the clergyman's house, they succeeded, in their meal way, In
obtaining food and drink; and then separated In different parties, some re-
tiring to their work, and some pursuing their lawless occupation. At
Hymens, a party of them were addressed by the Rev. Mr. Nash,
who genitally exhorted them to desist trout their illegal imposes ; but
without ana, as they quickly destroyed the "sly threshiag-andtine
in the midi. Intellipnat et diem proceedings sprawling in all
direction, excited no little degree of alarm in the minds of most men,
aspedally as the parties inented, that all the labourers in the dilikrent
Tillers through which, they passed should join them, and where they
were reluctant to do so, the ikon or windrows of their cottages paid
the penalty of their refusal; exclusive of this circumstance, which
tended so greatly to augment their numbers, their custom of levying
contributions by the way, and even is the high wad, whilst no at.
I tempt was made to put a stop to than, ;pee a fearful indication that
their outrages would not stop hers, andmaey of the misguided men were
of opinion that no punishment mil be awardekte them. Information
having been given that it was the Waft' of some of those to proceed
through Ihuningdon, on their way to Holimemineeer, on Friday oven.
log, fthe purpose of destratr osochinnotwoMayter of the borough,
with a praiseworthy seal, upon the to support him
in his determination to possum ilia alma into the sewn, and
steps were immediately and willingly' Oath tie that purpose t but
the rioteraiwereitee tired and jaded to mho the attempt so that eight,
and the nest missing Istail emend of the. seder the strong ano of
the law. On denude romniag a party of about 50 counioned
operations in the oeigb of ads and the Rev. Mr. Glor.
don, having placed himself et the heed of several Bondsmn, fawners,
and others. resolved to tippets theta, sad after a mess skirmish, in
whisk aped the rioters had his arm beaks, anemeded in capturing
of tediZeders, who were basaulikially MR; shier• sate escort, to
Hu
itteilmodzam Massanutten of an wive slicer from
Unitas eiteinsd, (one gendarme having len ter town
howildithrly after athenetion of his property on Thursday sight,) a
irrestser of special ametehies were sworn in at Huntingdon, and started
dent five o'clock to the villages where arenas had ben committed.
sad where several of the labourers were known to eseids—the Under
Sheriff and an active 51agistrate being stationed in the neighbourhood.
'ln the course of the night, twenty-five of the gong were sent in
safe custody to the county prison, together with three poach-
ers, who were apprehended at their nightly avocations, making a
total capture of lofty In one day; many of whom were drawn from their
beds in the dead of night, when they little expected such • removal.
The greatest praise is due to the farmers and others, who have thus
succeeded in checking these outrages, and it is suakient to phew that
with a determined resolution, and a peompness and energy in acting,
the quelling of then disturbances is within their own power. It is
thought that a Special Sessions will be held daring the week, at which
such as have not been guilty of capital offences will be disposed of.
The instigators et these disturbances, and the first to set in them. I
am told, were men earn ng from Ills. to lbs. a week, and in eon.
slant employ ; indeed, generally speaking, the poor in this county '
are much better off than in some of the neighbouring ones ; in
many perishes there are not mare labourers than are required,
and generally at tolerably good wages. The Editor of a Provincial
Paper, is pleased to cavil at the account sent to the London Papers
of the fire at Wellingitam, and states it to be a ,4 gross exagge-
&don," and “in some respects totally false." The only apparent
aggeratioo I imagine to be in the assertion that the lire extended over
an sees of nearly tire acres ; the Paper in question makes It over an
acre and i half. I leave it to all men who nnderstaod these things to
Imy whether, consistently with common custom and convenience, four
farm-boaters, with the barns, outbuildings, yards. and the produce of
some hundreds of acres of hay and own, six cottages, and a straw *tack,
could be well placed within a smaller onsupass than la stated in the
Moroi', Herald. If the Editor of the county Paper will measure the
ground, he will tind that the statement is utterly incorrect. That the
' pipes of the engines were not cut I am very glad to learn. but two out
of every three who left the scene of conflagration on manday night be-
' lieved it to be the ease.

Cswreasnatr. SUXDAT.
Yesterday a man named (budder was apprehenled at 31onktoo. so
Niseie'nn of setting tire to the saintoin stack of Geroge listomm. Esei
at Alland Court, in the isle of Thane. mad committed to St. Angus.
tine's Gaol, preparatory to undergoing an evuntnation before the 31a.
gistrates of the Lateen Division, at the Aloe of C. Sandy.,
Since his committal he has confetoml that the real author of the
Goal work is a man named Brown, a waggoner, who has absconded.
It would seem that Brown had meditated the destruction of Mr. Hen.
saua's propetty some weeks, and duting that time his importunities were
• Moque= and earnest to incite Boulder to morale the ollinee. that, to
lime own 'VV.:Wows. he was bothered out of his life but wouldn't
MP" to it." No else whatever has yet boa obtained that will lead
Mee diecovery of Brown, but, as Goverment holds net a reword tor
the appeohensioa of incendiaries, it is probable, ere less. that his
hMheig-pline will be seeertalned. Ledbetter. et 110,14titic end one
or two other °Seers, are Canterbury, my wive is their endea-
vour' te being the @Rader" to justice.
Saturday the two Packmans, who were secured ISO Ink
sins donna, dee M the saintoin stack of Mr. Willight, at
sad a yeses me awned Bishop, Mee apprehended ea des a
bents mama la the me sutra%randerweat au immlna nee a
and et wince has wen, however, min bash to
prim, and will undes=lawestiptint ea Mendloy.

M nevi-

Earl Gower is appointed by his Meisel lard Liostonass
of Ow comity of Sutherland, is place of w father, the Mar-
, qui. of Stallard, whollas swiped that *Sae.

IMPERIAL P. 4 R LIAM ENT.
-....
HOUSE OP LORDS. Nov. 29.

Several petitiona against negee slavery were preacntt•d.
The latrquis of CLANHICARDRr in presenting a petition from a
pansh in the aunty of Ualway, in favour of a repeal of the Union, de.
clared that he did not concur in its prayer.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a pethion from Illinghurst, in
&mew, in favour of reform.

On the motion of Lnrd LYNDHURST, the Committee on the Re-
gency Dill was postponed to Thursday.

THE STATE or THE coverer.
Lord WVNFORD, in giving notice of a motion, the purport of
which did not reach us, took the liberty of inquiringfrom the noble
earl at the head of Iris Majesty's Government, whether it was his imita-
tion to institute a generator partial inquiry into the exixtence and causes
of the present distress ; or to grant additional power to the 31agiettacy,
with a view of enabling them to repress the disturbances which, IteLre-
gretted to saT, had so generally taken place.
Earl GREY said it would not be necessary for him to assure the
noble and learned lord that the distressed elate of the country had octal.
pied a very considerable portion of the attention of his Majesty's Go-
vernment. At the same time he had to inform their lordithips that It
was not his intention, at the present moment, to institute a general in-
quiry into the cause or existence of that distress, though he had no idea
of opposing the motion which was to be made partially to that effect that
night by a noble earl who had given notice on the subject ; and, in case
the object of that motion should be extended by their lordshies,he was not
pupated to say that he would have any objection. With regard,
however, to the question of the noble and teemed lord, whether
it was proposed to grant additional powers to magistrates to
enable them to repress the disturbances which had unhappily taken
place, he had only to any, that in his opinion an extension of their powers
was not necessary, for in all plans where they had been exercised with
promptness and energy, they had accomplished all that was desitable at
the moment. It was his anxious wish to abstain from any exertion
beyond the usual powers of the law except incases of absolute necessity ;
but he amid assure their lordships it the disturbances continued, and if
the state of the country absolutely demanded an exertion of authority,
and a rigour which be was most unwilling to exercise, he would have
no hesitation to perform his duty, aid come to Parliament to call fur
such an extension as the case required.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that he entirely concurred in the
observations made by the noble earl, and in his humble opinion, until
the law as it now stood, had a fair and ample trial, ft would not be just
' t o attempt a new measure of rigour to correct a passing and temporary
state of things. :Still it was proper that every thingositoud Id be done to
put the existing law into vigorous effect, and he sincerely that
those disturbances, which were a discredit to the country at large,
and a marked disgrace to those places where they were committed, and
which the deluded persons who committed them should be made to
feel was ruinous to themselves. would be put down. ( liar,
hear, hear.) He repeated that those excesses were fatal to the
object which they were intended to redress ; and it was an obvious
' truth that in proportion to the public pence being disturbed the
distress of the sufferers was grievously increased. (Hear.) In ad-
dressing their Lordships on so important a topic, be would take the
liberty to say a few words on a subject in connection with It; and,
if he might 'stand excused for such a freedom, he would allude to
the bight powers exercised by those distinguished persons who acted
as lards Lieutenant of counties. Ile alluded to their power of rer.
dering the Commission of the Peace in the highest degree efficient, and
lie thought he might throw out one or two suggettionlwhich he would
be happy if those eminent individuals availed themselves of. Far was
it from him to interfere with the powers vested by law in the Lords
Lieutenant of counties; the discretionary powers committed to them
had betlton exercised with an ability and a fidelity in which no de-
fect appeared, and which left little further to be desird ; the Com.
mission of the Peace had always been intrusted by them to men qua-
lified to discharge it effectually, and with credit to themselves and to the
country : but still there were instances in many coomise where men of
seal, talent, activity, and property, who, in every respect, would have
been desirable acquisitions to the magistracy, had been inadvertently or
otherwise omitted-. He did not allude to the disturbed districts, but to
others, where be found that names entitled by hereditary claims, in ad.
didon to their pentanel recommendation, had been omitted. He was
confident that the embalm alluded to ad taken place through inad-
vertence, and be had no doubt that persons who possessed sea, discre.
don, and ability, in addition to the other qualifications required by law,
would not have been invidiously passed over. He begged the* lordships'
pardon for having thrown out those hints, and be claimed their M.
dulgence in suggesting to the lords lieutenant of counties that it would
be advisable to pay attention to the subject. He had no doubt that the
object he had in view would be attended to, but be would also say that
if be were not supported in his views, be should not feel that be dos.
charged his duty if he did not look further into it himself.
Earl of ELDON rase (as we understood him) to say that for
the lb years in which he had been Chancellor, he experienced the
greatest advantage from the recommendation of the Lords Lieutenant
of counties in selecting those who were fit persons to be intrusted with
the Commission of the Peace; and he begged leave to take that oppor.
Malty of returning his thanks generally to them. It was only through
them that the lewd Chancellor could be acquainted with the merits of
those individuals who were intrusted with so bonourabk and important
a station ; and it would be quite impossible fur any Chancellor,
without their assistance, to make the Magistracy that able, seal
efficiest, and honourable, station in each county which it -was at
protest, and had long been (hear.) He recommended as little
interference with the Lords Lieutenant in that respect as possible:
and be could only remember one invent* where be felt himself
called upon to interfere, and then he was compelled to do so, in order to
show those' who sought to put a slight upon his authority, that as
Chancellor he would not endure it. He took it that it rested wholly
with the Lord Chancellor for the time being to determine whom he
would or would not put into the commission of the peace • but he
thought it was essential that he should not lose the recommendation of
the Lords Lieutenant with maid to those gentlemen, who were before
othees qualified by energy, seal, and ability. Being on hiaelns he
or
wishwi to make one two observations further; but he begged it
to
be undenttood, in what he was about to say, that he did not mean to im-
pute any delay in meeting the distresses or putting down the diatur-
braces of die matey either to the Let or the present aduainistratioo.
He knew too well, from circumstances, how much easier it was to
Bed fault than to perform, in cases of emergency, and he alien
learned from experience that persons were willing to throw blame on
others for doing acts, which, if they had been in the same situation,
they would have performed themselves. He was well aware that,
particular and excited times, nothing was more necessary than caution.
Having premised that, he must now express his infinite satisfaction that
it was thought expedient to send a Special Commission into the dloitrimd
districts (hear). Why did he my that ? Because the very fete di ion ut
the law declared, that if justice was to act it must ; and he felt the
minutia relief, anxious as he was that the peace a al 1,1'..er of the noun.
sty should be restored, that the deluded people should have Con:mis-
sive's, sent down to them, to explain to them what the law of the noun.
try was (hear). It wax true that litany of duo' e unfortunate people did
not believe they were incurring any degree of era iii i i and it was ei4.
senile! that they should be taught to distinguish between the innocent
,and the guilty. The state of the criminal law respired (as we ut..
derstood the learned kid to say,) to be anteeded ; and though the
Subject had often seenpied his mind, he always found the difficulty of
making laws which would contemplate all degrees of offence.. Still he
did nut think that it would 'sow be necessary to show that astienablagt%
of one hundred thousand people, for the pretence of begging, but an
reality for menace, was illegal. He was, however. astontshed to tied
that individuals contended that the people might thus collect in betlirk
lode, the name of begging; and, theretitre, he rejoiced that the Judges
of the hied were to be sent into the country, who %mild take the trouble
(the noble lord repeated take the trouble—the fagoting ut the cot.titty
would attend those who took the tmoble) to explain the nal stale of taw
law to the deluded people. lie had rat doubt but that a due and efli.
tient exercise of the law was a mercy to those poet people. It would
op: sate as a correction to many of the evils • and if the rigour of the
law was to be exercised--mud if tee Judges,e in the discharge of
their functions, had to pion ounce warner* were setae than mney
could expect—the mercy of the Crown still remained to distinguish
between those who were misled and those who were misleadarg.
(Cheers.) He begged, in addition, to call the attention of the noble
lords to a statement which lie was about to make, vet from his own
knowledge, but from a conintuancation which had been made to him.
Ile was told that one gaol in the kingdent was tilled with persona. a
gnat many of whim wire not satires of this country: (Hear. hear )
Ile could nut tell whether the statement w.n. bounded in fact or not, but
it was one which their lordships would &rip: to have continued., eson.
tradirted. In the few observed/me which he had Wade lee desired to
keep chow of reproach either towards the late or the existing Admi-
nietratit n. lie did not mean to say that any Otitis had been done
which ought not, and any thing lets utidone which should breve been
executed. As he Obeid betore. he VAS aware that persons were mote
ready to find fault than to act, and in the coulee of los own long and
difficult life f e had been too tifica unjustly blamed ; but he &nun d
their lordships that the few remarks he had offend wets alon. suggested
I by his duty as an humble insltvidwil alt that Oahe.
The LORD CHANCEL LOH said that, *inn he stated that it was
his wish to refer to the Lords Lieutenant of counties, with regard to the
I merits of tbuee persons who were to he Unmated with the commission
a the peace, it was PM from any otbdpprehensina of the rights of the
' crown, or that were usually vested in the person iatnieted with the groat
seal. Ile had riots, in the fiat instance, in conaewornes if the obser-
vations made by a noble lord, to state that, in his opinion, unless a
very strung case was made eta. it was ?Aland to avoid and an.
initial interference, and be had then said, that he wadi be atuttous
to extend his powers, for the pleats mama that local baewledga
was every thing with respect to nominations to thu Collorission
of
lathe Peace, as it would be imperials fee die jediekhij
hals the direst goal to be acquainted with ail these pig.
seas mearally desirous of that kwurer, and as be wee Habig, at a die.
.nowt to had as ear se these who were laterested At mash eantlidter.
tie had Weeded to pursue the tweet daub swag* and merely to hiut
to the Lords Llauseaset Of metier that * wary Own rediew

I;

`a

T,
I

`f.

1
Is

1

I~
ri
~~

, •

11,

-14

~-
