PARIS. DECEMBER I.

The Prefecture of Police informed that on the
roght of the 17th or 18th ult. a foreigner supposed to
English, was attacked and grievously wounded
'bout two o'clock in the morning, at the corner of
ree Langlade, mar the Valais Royal, and his
!catch and puts, taken from him ; search has been
Wade alter the authors of this crime; the watch has
t. en already foiled, though it had been re-sold twice,
:Ad the villains apprehended, but it is necessary, that
,L,s person so ill-treated fill, tad make himself known,
pi-muting himself at the Prefecture of l'olicep

9d Division, otherwise the ends of justice cannot be'
answered. One of the robbers came out with this
foreigner from the Hotel d'Angleterm, and offered to
accompany him home.
In passing through Grenoble, the, Duc d'Angou-
leme said to those who surrounded his carriage :
" I know that the inhabitants of Grenoble have taken
no part in the events of the month of March. They
have been suffering and faithful. I shall take great
pains to inform the King of it. Indeed he knows it
already."

The Countess of Bruges died a few days since.
Tile Journal of Mont.tdban, of the 25th November,
had published the description of the following indivi-
duals, and an order for their arrest wherever they
shall be found, vis. Count d'Erlon, Lefevre Des-
nouettes, Augustus Ameille, Generals Glay, Brayer,
Monton, Dcvernet, Grouchy, Clauzel, and Laborde.
All these individuals are included in the King's Or-
donnance of the %ill of July.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
SITTINGS OF THE :MTH NOVLAIBER.

The Minister of the Interior pre,eated to the
Chamber the project of a law relative to the disjunc-
tion of the Canton of Montbeliard from the Depart-
ment of the Upper Rhine, and its junction with that
of the Doubs, and the transfer of the Authorities now
sitting at Hyppolite to the city of Montbeliard. Os •
dered to be taken into consideration.

M. CouNET d'lNcoun then mounted the tribune,
to develope a proposition fur prohibiting the printing,
at the expense of the Chamber, any other than re-
ports, the developements, and the members relative
to the finances. Tits orator thought that it was the
interest of the public that the Chamber should
print at its own expense all the discourses of its Mem-
bers, the publicity of which may appear advantageous.
He reminded the Chamber of the opinion of M. Maine
de Biron, who drew up the regulations now under
revision. As to written discourses, the abase 0!
which had so much disgusted the Chamber and loaded
the press, and which induced M. de Biron to reduce
the number of speeches printed to two only, viz. one
for, and the other against, the project of the law, the
orator pointed out the radical difference between the
composition of the list and'the present Chamber.—
The last Chamber formed tinder the influence of Bo-
naparte, composed in a great measure of Advocates,
condemned for 15 years to a silent slavery, bad
neither the right of speaking nor of writing t the'
lawful King re-appealed, and with him the accre-
sentatives of the nation suddenly recovered their
speech and liberty: It may be easily conceived, the
orator observed, how copiously their thoughts would
flow when so long retrained by terror. The present
Chamber, he observed, was composed of Pi cyrietors
not connected with the Revolutionary Governments :
sagacity and discernment of what is useful or other-
wise and a spirit truly French, characterise hs mem-
bers long speeches will, therefore, be more rare, and
the expense of printing will of course be less. Ido
not propose to print indiscriminately all opinions:
but only those which the Chamber shall judge proper.
After a warm debate M. Cornet's proposal was
rejected.
The Minister of the Marine and the Colonies pre-
,
serted the project arf a law granting a further delay
' to the: Colonists of St. Dunongo to settle with their
creditors, to the end 4:f. the Sittings of the two Cliam-
bet s, which will be opened ISI7.
A_i. li.&-past two the Chamber aJj burned.
C Wi.iElt EX 111401:-/iMUY OF PAW!: ir 111011N:NG.

Count blucas has quitted Napics hr Paris.
FlOtll a nottficaticti issued by the Prefect of ti ~e I
Yatic:weeit appe.tts that the liSfag'llll of General de
Lag:irde, the Cofornitu.iaiit of A:soles, is one _Bois-
a grenadier ut the N.ititoril Guards, unit tor-
merly Setjeant of Miquelets. lie has fled in the'a-
iection ot Avignon.
By an Urdounance of the King, dated November
IS, there will he constituted, under the immediate.
eye of Minsieur, ant! i.:stead ot the Msjor.C'entral
staff ot the National GJaris ot the kingdon:, a
Committee, compusel ot three Lispecters-Gencral of
the National Guards. _

The following are nominated Iris;lectors Goner:ll
of the above (h.mmitzee : Cruist*lirtye,, 1.41m0-sant-
General ; Count J•iles Pq.ignac, MA: de Casty,
'l'eer of France; Chevalier 4llent, State counsellor,
and fornsetly tite-Cisiel of the Etat-Major of the
National Guards of the kingdom. .Colonel Keut.
zinger is appointed Secretary to the Co:nmittee.

THE EVENING STAR.

LO NDON.

NEW CAPITAL LOWERY WITH TWO GRAND
lIKIZES Or FIVIT 'I HOUSAND POUNDS AND UNI.Y
FIVE CI lOUSAND TICI‘E I'S, musrALLAe. BIL DRAWN
Nxxx 11-11URbDAY.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1815.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY. AT IWEINE O'CLOCK.
Reduced 591i—Cons. m'. shut—for opg. 613}
1 per Cent. 7111-3 per Crat. slitic—lStmdg 44 53. pre.
Ontoluoa 14ii poi. 144 f pre.
Exchequer ULU le. to Ss. pr. . •

Since Saturday we have received the Paris Papers
of Thursday and Friday last. Our Readers will ob.
serve, from our extracts, that their contents are cont.
paratively barren of interest. An unaccountable si-
lence prevails ori the subject of NEV and LAVA LETTE :
private letters state that both have been pardoned.

The Jamaica packet has brought letters from Car-
thagena to the 27th September, and Jamaica Papers
to the 7th of October, from which we have given
very ample extracts. The interest that attaches to
every thing connected with the struggle now carrying
on in South America, renders any apology for their
length unnecessary. Montt.% notwithstanding his
threats, has kept at a respectful distance from eartha-
gena ; he has not even ventured to come within gun-
shot, or to make any regular attack on the neigh
bouriog points. The greatest enthusiasm and confi-
dence prevails in Jamaica ; all classes begin to feel
the justice of the cause agitating in the neighbouring
Continent, and they are besides sensible, that if the
power of such a Monarch as FEnDINAND were to be
affianced there again, they might bid adieu to that

valuable branch of trade, which now constitutes the
chief field of enterprize our island Merchants have
glpen to them.

_
. The most cheering accounts also are received from
ifteps.ovinces of Venezuela, which are fast regaining
their entire freedom ; indeed, the inhabitants of every
section seAn determi :oil to break a yoke they have
:Eldured so long, and which, even in Europe, has
!iecutne the scoff of every civilized nation. Moutt.Lo,
is we inticed lung ago, w.is 4;:compensed by a party
of Inquisitori, intt.n.L.'d to act in the capacity of spi.
ritual aid,,s-ile-sami), in order to further the sublime
designs of the benign FURMNAND•
To the extracts given in the preceding pages we
here add the following Proclamation, issued by the
Commander of the Armies of Carthagena :
