FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE-EXCLUSIVE.

Pun, Syntax, Nov. 7.
ix,—The excellent man who now fiUs the Throne, owes
solely to the choice of his people; and u Clubs-
natus'was called from his plough to govern the Romans, so
was the Duke of Orleans claimed, by his fellow-citizens,
from the repose of his domestic enjoyments, to save his
country from the dreadful evils that threatened it, from an
armed populace, elated with victory, and without a Govern-
ment.

In the Chamber of Deputies which met on the 3d, nothing
of consequence has occurred. In has been occupied in the
differmt forms which take place as to the verification of the
new Members, some of whom have not taken tbsir SOSSIL•••
The local which every Member takes possession of, is here
a matter of earnest importance. No sooner has be taken
the necessary oaths, than his politics are ascertained bg the
seat he is to fill during the Session. Hence arises the terms
Gauche, centre Gauche; and estrenee Gauche, all being Li-
berals, but increasing, from a representative Monarchy to a
Republic, in venous shades from Gauche to its eremity.
The Royalist part of the Amphitheatre proceeds from Draft,
centre Droit, or serene Droit; or, in other words. from
mited Sovereignty to passive obedience. son-resistance, and
Divine right. This position doss away, in some beanie,
the effect of Toeing by ballot, Se it 'eaglea
to ascertain its • forces before the actual ambit. The
first great political good= will show the new
eters, what support they may Nokia is, from the

renotax4d Chamber ; and I have resent to think that
considerable disappointment will take plaoe, in their first
essay, as many of the departments have returned men more
moderate, in their opinions, than was anticipated. The
provinces have evidently shown, by the late elections, that
they were determined to have an opinion of their own, and
that the influence of Paris should not sway their elections,
as it has hitherto done. This feeling will every year become
more general, as education makes its way into the darker
provinces of France. I may well use this term, as a map is
printed, which represents France divided into departments,
each distinguished by a shade of black, as ignorance of the
arts of reading and writing, more or less prevail. Paris,
and the department of the Seine, are almost white ; while
Auvergne, and some others approximate to black. The
Lancastrian schoolmasters, as we should call them, here
are called •' Normal Instructors," and are penetrating into
the most unenlightened provinces."—l am, yours, &c. J. L.

PARIS, Nov. 6.—SPEECH OF THE KING OF ENGLAND.
—The speech of the King of England for the opening of
Parliament, has roused the solicitude of our alarmists at the
Exchange. This document, examined with some attention,
offers. nevertheless, sufficient expressions for us to believe
that it is the wish and desire to preserve the general peace.
We remark, in the first place, with what lively sympathy
the representative of the King of 'the French has been re-
ceived in the Parliament, and that the tri-coloured Bag has
been the object of repeated acclamations in thnstrests of
London. It is a proof of the excellent harmony which exists
between the two nations; and such is the policy of the
English Cabinet, that even supposing it opposed to us, it
would not be interrupted. But in examining the speech of
the King, can the sentiments expressed by the Cabinet, be
seen at the first glance ? The formal recognisance of the
new government of France, and her King; not an expression
of regret for Charles X. and his family. By recalling to our
readers that that recognizance has already been announced
by us, and which brought nearer to the expressions which
precedes it, confirms all our foresight upon the open attack
which the principles of our revolution of July is going
to suffer. An armed intervention will then take place
in Belgium ; the Belgians will appeal to us ; our
days of July having placed us on the same level with the
revolted Belgians, unless we wish to see the intervention
pushed on to the walls of Paris, we must make k a common
cause with them. Let us now see whether we are prepared.
From Bayonne to Lille, from Toulon to Brest. we could
scarcely Sod 60,000 bayonets ready to enter in the army.
Besides, if we deduct from that number of valid soldiers the
requisite garrisons for our maritime places, those neces-
sary for our cities in Normandy, Britanny, and Vendee, as
well as the numerous troops which the defeat of Mina's com-
panions will oblige us to oppose to the efforts of M. de Bout-
mont and his army of the Faith, Franco-Spanish, we shall
hardly have 25,000 men to send to the frontiers of Belgium.
But, it will be asked, may not a general rise take place ?
Racal to mind 1792 ! The Souvenirs of Jemmappe are
certainly very glorious. It would, however, be dangerous
to suppose and believe, that in the year 1831 facts and
results would be witnessed similar to those of 1792.
and 93. Europe has made a stride since then, and the Aulic
Council of War of Vienna, although the least informed of
any in all its Councils, has itself yielded to that progressive
movement of intelligent improvement. At this time she
would not be seen as in the time of the Convention, turning
on a pivot 150,000 men round the forest of Mormial, during
eighteen entire months, merely to seise upon 7 or 800 men,
.garrisoned in our paltry towns of Avesnes, Landrecies, Qua:.
noy, and Condi. The situation in which we now are, was
brought on by the Ministry who have just retired. May the
new Council fully appreciate the glaring faults of M. Moli,
11. de Broglie, and IL Guinn, so as to be well convinced of
the necessity of following another line of conduct !
Popular laws, economy large and radical, patriotic
to fill all the places would give to the
nation that life and spirit, which in a great measure
would sompensate for the unprovided and careless si-
tuation into which we have been driven by the Doctrinal?
gentlemen. On the departure for Ghent, the first restora-
tion which then accompanied M. Guisot, we were bequeathed
a sines situation ; six weeks were then sufficient for Nep-
hew to send on the shore of the Sambre an army of 160,000
ass. We had given notice that we were betrayed in oar
diplomacy, and the speech of the King of England has folly
eneirmed oar mistrust. It reveals to us that the am'
relation between France and England has only been granted
op the condition that all engagements existing between the
two countries should be scrupulously observed. Thus then,
the Ministers of Philippe the rust have thought it proper to
subscribe to the base conditions, against which the French
people have protested for fifteen years pest. Who can tell
whether Louis XVIII. and Charles X. did not, by a shameful
aunt treaty, engage themselves to leave *worked certain
Ibilemess . • to confinsner land end sea forces within almost
limits, and to manage their interior government ac-
cording to the aristocratical and arbitrary power which aids
all Europe ? If those treaties do not exist, they must be dis-
avowed ; till then, we are authorised to believe the over-
whelming proofs which are apparent on all sides. This,
thea, is the explanation of the bate against the sovereignty of
the people, the hesitation of the men of power ; in a word, of
the retrograde march in which we are engaged. Foreigners
are still our rulers ; they only allow us to exist, by e•
from Louis-Philippe the counter-revolutionary part of the
adinerd branch. This is clear to those who will not be
misled by perfidious words.—La Revolution

We are assured it ham been decided, that when the ma
meat arrives to transfer the Ministers of Charles X. to the
Losembourg, the removal will take place in full day, and
under the protection of the National Guard of the quarters
14 which the prisoners will pass. Those persons who
t .nail that the removal.-would piece at night, could
not creilected for a moment that the Parisian population
Would bi incapable of committing an act of barbarity ; and
that 'the fears manifested by the public authority would lead us
to believe, that the Court of Peers would not be free to act in
chi highjedicial mission which they have to accomplish. The
public removal proves on the contrary, the respect of
Paris foe National Justice, which appertains to this great
process; and furnishes the oscaelon to appreciate still more,
the determination of the National Guards, to preserve order
and respect for the law.—Messagsr des Chambra.

PORZION INTELLIGINCIL

110 T RZCLVIIVZ.

(Ewa the Masers. dos Chimebra of yesterday.)
Pause, Nov; 11 o'clock the Ek padded at a Cowidl et
Miaistes, wWi4 weraiostod at one o'clock. His Majesty was after.
wards wiped with** Laps of the lleale aad the Mialwor et Pub.
Mc lawraedea. The ILIWiIeA thepoless at two o'clock for Newby, aw.
caapaeled by theAbiess, oaf Mils, Adelaide, his Majesty's show.

A kola tom Boma stereos the s toneltheable tombs et the Id.
Mimosa love hawed do pho el domnytag the somemest es
the Mid bode OWesedoe, es 'thee the gist of pergeteedel sued te.
thdeptles tie &Wen, sod the she oldie et I. p., eassidieb. thee I
the idtheph of do asy hes he& as ether seedt thee *estert
leigtes vitae *lige d lielhokeed !Woe Imps la the hula
lee "It ilei7 Asa It It, bower, err "Wee, that the deems,
et ousmitist, me smut twits deuelpdis,-is as est Aid INN

always bear the stigma of vandalism; Wicks, sines the =lettuce of the
press, the mere removing of a heap of stones cannot Awe a fact from
the memory of the people, not ham the poses of history. It would be
much more reasonable for us all, Belgians, French, German, the tic.
time fee 11 years of the political doctrines which effectually emanated
hem Waterloo, to preserve the recollection of a disaster so gebetany
felt, and In which the victors lost, In a moral sense, as much se the
vanguiehed, and to keep this in OW memory, foe the purpose of pro,
tooting us from internal diecord, from sweemes, and oven from too greet
a confidence, which may give the advantage to those cabinets which are
the blind atomise of the liberty of the people.

Bausszu, Nov. b.—Pd. le Comte deigned. expired at four o'clock
yesterday, not being able to sustain the violent effects of a nervous fe.
M. under which he bad laboured for four days. Some hopes were
entertained that the severe operation which be bore with great Samna!,
would have saved his life, but the public expectation was not realised.
His greatest regret was not to be able to follow his companions to Ant.
weep, and be was more occupied with the safety of his country than hit
own painful situation. His death has caused a most general sensation
of sorrow. His family ham determined that he should be interred at
Bershsm, near the spot where he received the fatal wound.

ANSWER", Nov. 4..—The alarm which has seised upon this city
ought to subside. We have no hesitation in declaring that there is no
probability of reprisals being taken on the part of the eitadeL Gene
Chasse has given a promise that he will not spin leave that tottresb
unless forced by some serious provocation. It wee to M. Chas!, the
Government Envoy, that he made this declaration. Negotiadys ore
now pending for the purpose of arranging an armistice ge so
indefinite period, and to contain an expels clause that any re.
newel of hostilities must be preceded by forty.eight hours' notice,
The French Consul has requested all persons belonging to his nation at
Antwerp to quit that city. It is stated, upon positive authority, that
M. Montalivet, the new Minister of the Interior, has given orders to
all the Prefects who are now in Pods (upon leave given by the former
Government) to return Immediately to their respective posts.
(From the Constiestiessieel of Sunday.)
The following note wee posted up this morning open the walls of the
Exchange The Secretary of the Exehange after having received fa.
strut:dons from the Minister of the Interior, has been directed to give
the most positive cootzadktica to the report relative to war, circulated
by some uninformed individual, and that proceedings are to be take,
before the tribunals against those who have been engaged in pope's*.
fog such falsities. The note is signed amass= de Richebourg, So.
canary to the Exchange.

Frew the Jowled des /!.bats of Sunday.
(CORRESPONDINCS rune THI FRONTIERS or STAIN.)
BATON NI, Nov. 2.—Genesal Mina has left Mendisode for limbo.
Whilst the Gonad was yesterday at a house near Sam, Swag Wren
passed by this dwelling with a force of 400 men in pursuit of the bran
Mina, who travelled thietytwo leagues in forty.eight hours, through
the most ragged mountains. Nis bands are covered with
watches and blood, sad some of the honourable wounds which he
received in the former widowl struggle have re.opened. Re Is
however, as active as ever, and transmits every day communications to
the Junta assembled within our walls. A detachment of thirty men
went, about nine o'clock yesterday evening, to search the house, near
Sam, above alluded to, but Mina had fortunately quitted it about two
hours before. This party made the owner get up, and searched every
place about the premises. This le the third time that the Spaniards
have violated the French territory.

Cm bolito.z.—Bodi Rouses last night were occupied with the coo.
irtte
skis:radon of what m be teemed by Lord Althorp a 4 one of the most
eztraordinery and events that he bad ever known in
the course of his ," the advice given by Alinbters
to his Majsety to MOW; the promise to din* with
the Lord Mayor. We anticipated, from the ill-judged letter
of the &misty of Sims, the most disastrous censesequences, and
the event has already but too well justified our anticipations.
—The funds fell yesterday no has then three per esot. But the
extent of the nalmbief cannot be known far some time. That letter
will any alarm hue every comer of the Bridsh empire. The move-
ment of troops on the ropolls, the patting the Tower into a posture
of deli__—gal this, souup ed with the letter of Sir Robert Peel, which,
in elm* to the ministers, it will be sup was dictated by the most
angeressiely—ll this will strike the ginations of men at a dis-
t the harbinger of some dreadful calamity.
4
NAVAL INrELLia Xll'C IL

Arrived off Dover. the Xing of the Netherlands, front Baa•ia ; off
Penland, the Mary Hope, Bashi, from Singapore; off the Wight,
the Jane, Tsang, front Honduras ; at °remark, the Halyards. Simp-
son, from Demerara; at LialfiCit, the Charlotte, Robson, front Lm.
don ; at Jersey, the Friends, Le Curie, front Qnshen,
The Barbara sad Agnes, to Newry, was &Wm ea shore near Scott
Ronald bay the 14th alt. Cargo and maserials expiated to be sued.
Daus, Nor. I.—Wind W.8.W.--The onward bound from Lou-
den rennin.

Powwow. Nov. s.—wind N. N.W.—Arrives i bis Majesty's
seesaw Messenger, kw Plywood.
Poinsomm. Nov. I..—Wind W.—Arrived tbe Lyra, May, from St.
Aadrew's (N. 8.); Levant Packet. Cundy. from Malap and Ibis,
Harper. from
Fasassows. 1:17.L....Wiad W. moderate.—Arrived the Opossum
packet (Lieut. Rees, olds Druid frigate, acting). from Rio Janeiro—
I smiled 10dt August, Ralik Mob September, and Persambece the ed
*Ws ; bar late Otommader. Lieut. Hamm, was drowned, whilst
attempting se hod at Pemunbuco. Sailed the Columbbe esesin-
pada, for the Mediterranean ; Simmer do. for Lisboa ; sod Geld-
Sad do. for Jamaica and Carthagens.
Bessie, Nov. L—Arrived the Monamotkßadford, from Trdidad.
Nevis, St. Pitts. and Grenada ; and Miss, Padey. from Quebes.
Lmmutook Nov. T.—Arrived the Rapid. Husky, from Guayaquil
and Cads ; Nautilus, ikdasak from Valparaiso; Gives, Russell. and
Almada. Andes, from Bahia; Amity, from paeada ; and
Amity. Mattbaw, from Musk.

CITY, ONS O'CLOCK.

STAY! Of TIM CITY, AID ?II FUNDS.
The City appears to be in a great bustle : crowds of peo-
ple are flocking into it from all quarters. King-street, load-
ing to Guildhall, is crammed; and we understood that the
Lord Mayor took his departure early this morning for West-
minster, to be sworn in, in his print* carriage. The mili-
tary still remain in the Bank, which is open for paying and
receiving checks, but shut for business in the Funds. The
great alarm which prevailed yesterday, in regard to serious
riots and disturbances taking place, has greatly subsided this
morning, as it is now ascertained that the Lord Mayor
frightened Ministers, and the Ministers prevented the King
from coming into the City. At present every thing is quiet,
and no appntensions are entertained of any disturbances.
Comsb, which left off yesterday at 781 1 for the Ac-
daunt, opened from 791 to 80, with a great bustle in the
Market : at present they are 791 1. Consols improved this
morning about I per cent.
In the Foreign Market, the prices have nominally im-
proved; but little business doing.
CITY, TWO O'CLOCL
The City still continues much crowded by people, who
are determined to have a holiday, as well as the curious,
and most of them are bending their way to the West
end. It appears that the Lord Mayor went from the
Hall in his private carriage, with two footmen, the bask
' way to Westminster; he was followed by a great mob,
hooting and hissing. All continues quiet in the City, the pm-
' partitions for the illuminations are being taken down, but
j some fear's entertainedithat riots will take place this 'venial.
Every preemies has been taken to mom them
Consols, which were SO for the Account in the early part
of the morning, me now 79 to 1.
Little or nothing doing in the Foreign Market.
Singapore pipers have been received at the N.S.A. Coffee
House to the 201 k Aloe, isy which it appears that Rajah
Jailer cams from hii mehboase at the outer side of the Is-
land, bviagiac wills him a large enmity of goods, which be
sold to • °ibis eVids, sod es the fethiwing day be b_!
another woo ~. ISlien Inesioned how bs NOM pommel
deo goods, he ISMOilelld he bed takes dmis from en ley
ibb vessel, and the stew et whisk be bed eradeceL

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
..._........_
HOUSE OF LORDS, Nov. 8.
Hem met at half-pact three o'clock.
unusual attendance of Peers occurred. The Royal Dukes of
iberland, Gloucester, and Cambridge, were present.
LAW 111701211.

LORD CHIEF JUSTICE laid on the table four bills, having
.heir object the carrying into effect the recommendations et the
,minis Toners of Inquiry into the Courts of Common Law.
The bills were severally read the first time.
Ford ELDON rose to say, he had no opposition to make to the
above measures; on the contrary, he considered the country obliged to
the. Lord Chief Justice for the consideration he had bestowed on them.
1161011/1.

Earl GROSVENOR presenting a petition against slavery in the
colonies, took the opportunity of declaring himself the advocate of
moderate reform in the constitution of Parliament.
♦ great amber of anti-slaver► petitions were presented by the Duke
of Gloucester, Lord Eldon, the Bishops of London and Winchester,
Lord Cawdor, and Lord Wbarncliffe.
The LORD CHANCELLOR gave notice, that he should bring
in a bill on Friday to carry into effect certain Improvements in the law.

ormolus.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, in pursuance of notice, TOW to put
a question to the noble earl in the foreign department, on the subject of
treaties between this country and Belgium. The noble marquis was
desirous of knowing whether our connexion with the King of the Ne-
therlands compelled this country to interfere in the present transactions
of the Belgian population. On a former evening, a noble earl stated
that all the information on the subject was to be found in one of the sr.
tides of a protocol in the treaty of Vienna. The noble marquis had read
the protocol which Lord Clancarty, the British minister, negociated
with the minister of the King of the Netherlands, and he assured their
lordships that there was not one shade of allusion to interference on the
part of England in the affairs of Belgium in in present state. He felt
satisfaction in that discovery because he knew that the Belgians, like
the French, would find it necessary to establish their new form of go-
vernment against foreign interference. He rejoiced in another view of
the subject s—he believed that every interest enjoyed by England, with
respect to Belgium, demanded a deliberate abstinence from intervention,
For that reason he had seen with pain, In the speech from the throne,
an allusion to intervention. They were not acquainted with the extent
to which his Majmy's ministers were disposed to go in amicable inter-
ference, and he did think Parliament ought to have clear information on.
the subject. The noble marquis coocluded by asking the noble es&
whether, in the protocol to which he bad alluded, and which was read,
by Lord Clancarty to the minister of the Netherlands, there was any
obligation on the part of this country to interfere in the affairs of
Belgium ?
The Earl of ABERDEEN said he should have no objection to lay
on the table the protocol alluded to by the noble marquis, and he was
ready to admit that the noble marquis would find there was no oblige.
tion beyond that found in the treaty of Vienna. At the present mo-
ment the interest of the country was so closely connected with the tote.
rests of that state (the Netherlands), that it would be impossible to look
with iodifference at the events which had recently taken place. It had
been stated on a former occasion, that the object of interference was
merely to procure amity. It would be amicable interference, and no
other description of interference would take place.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY considered himself called upon
to say a few words on the subject. It had given him pain to hear that
which concerned Belgium and France spoken of in terms of eulogy.—
They bad accomplished that which might inundate Europe again with
blood, and revive that which had been going on for the last thirty years.
If noble lords would come down and state truly what was the present
state of the French government, it would be found that France had a
King, with a Chamber of Deputies, which had annihilated half their
Peers ; that they were deshoue of extending mercy to these who had
offended in the late government, but dare not do so; awed by the Na-
tional Guard, they did not dare do their duty ; if they did, the National
Guard would open their ranks and march to the Tuileries. Would any
one say the bloody reign of Robespierre might not occur once more ? if
the feeling of France was to extend to Belgium, what was to become of
this country ? With respect to the feeling he had to deplore, there was
but one course to pursue, namely, firm union among the allies, whose
measures crushed Napoleon, and gave peace to the world. The present
state of Europe called for one united act, and if there was ooe thing
more than another that would increase the public trouble it was that of
giving up a general alliance. Arith respect to the feeling in this country
he confessed himself a coward. He did feel alarmed, but he thought it
their duty to stand by the throne and the executive. They ought to
show the factious that all depended upon the preservation of order. Let
the noble earl ) stand by the throne and the aristocracy, and he
(Lord would venture to say all the ideas of which this
town was full won crumble to dust. He said this because he thought
there was a determination to act up to the spirit which was injurious to
the welfare of the country. A noble earl had described the measures of
government as being opposed to those who were the organs or leaden
of party.
The Duke of RICHMOND rose to order. The noble marquis had
alluded to a noble earl not in the house. (The Earl of Wl was
not present.) The noble marquis had also mentioned what the noble
earl did not say. That noble earl had never described himself to be the
organ of a party.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said he stood corrected. He
did not know the Noble Earl was not in his seat. He believed the
Tory feeling of the country was with the Ministers, andthat his Ma.
jesty's Speech was admired—(A cry of " No, no." He denied that
any noble lord has a right to get up In that House and advocate mode-
rate Tory principles. It was impossible to avoid feeling excitement at
the spirit of the country, and be hoped those who had property would
stand by the throne and the aristocracy.
The Duke of RICHMOND said the feelings of the noble marquis
had carried him too far. A roost unjustifiable attack bad been made
on a noble lord; not in his place. lie did not rise to put down the
noble marquis as the advocate of government, because it was well
known that noble marquis was constantly opposed to the government
last session upon the Greek question ' • but he thought it necessary to
oppose needless attacks made on absent Peers, from going forth. He
would tell the noble marquis that the best way to rally round the
throne was to form a government which would have the confidence of
the people. (Hear, hear.) It was not writing letters to the Lord
Mayor, which had spread alarm through London, and consternation
through the country, that could quiet the spirit of: the people. (Hear,
hear.) The King, he would repeat it, reigned in the hearts of his pea
pie, and he would stake his life that his Majesty might proceed unac-
companied by police and guards through every part of London, amidst
the cheers of his people. (Hear, hear.) As to Wblg and Tory, the
noble duke said he knew no distinction. At times like that be would
support those who were honest and best calculated to meet the wishes
of the people by relieving the country. He could not say that Reform
in Parliament ought rot to be made, and thetefore would give the
question his best consideration. He believed it was necessity to satisfy
the people. He did not care for the sentiments of the mob, but con.
salered the concession of that question due to the well-educated loyal
part of the community.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY repeated his regret that he had
alluded to the noble earl in his absence; and he thought the noble
duke should coaeidet that sollielent.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, he was under obligation to the
noble duke for giving him an opportunity to explain the circumstance
of the letter ; but be be did so, be begged leave to say, DO man could
concur more than he did in the sentiment that his present majesty was
the most popular sovereign in Europe. No sovereign had been move
popular in England. The letter written last night, by his majesty's
command, to the lord mayor, was not connected with his majesty's po.
Pull-fit?: that, on the contrary, said, there was no doubt of the attach-
ment of the citizens of London to ids majesty's person. The day before
yesterday be received a letter from the lord mayor elect,which he would
read to their lordship'. His Grace then read the letter, of which the
following is an outline

In my situation as lord mayor, I bare received a number of cam.
"limitations privately ; and having received some relating to the Atb
inst. I take the liberty of addressing your grace. Although the feel.
nits of the «them of London are loyal, it cannot but be known that is
London and the country there are sets of abandoned, desperate charac-
ters, always ready to create confusion. From what I learn, it is the
intention of some of these desperate characters alluded to to take the
opportunity of making an attack on your Grace, on your approach to
the Hall. Every possible arrangement shall be made by me to prevent
confusion and disorder, but I think should any endeavour be made to
disturb the peace, that the civil force of the city will not be enough, and
I should not do my duty if I did not recommend your Grace to come
ruifleiently aimed."
The noble duke when he received the above felt that be was to be
Platted under of the Lord Mayor, sod be. did not
think he wasin making confusion in a progenies in which his
Majesty was to appear. He did.not consider it right to seek resection
itir himself personally under any farce civil or military, end thus create '
confusion. Under these circumstances, when he received the kw:
from the Iced Mayor elect, be considmed it his der ty to abstain from
attending the banquet ; and having communicated to his ellneiglise not
only that letter, but several others which be bad received on the same
subject, they considered it their duty to recommend to his Majesty
that his Majesty should postpone his visit. The result of all the cam
monications they had received proved an intention to attack the police,
adoguiels tbe lights, and make riot and confusion. They had the
Power is repress confusion and tumult—but as that could not be done
without loss of Hess, they thought it best to advise the Sovereign that
be sboald not go. The 'maple would have boon contend so whams the
sail ends Majesty to the Lord Mayor and Corporation el Leaden, and
4atidt inch an occasion would ham been mole lamenthle. He
4greed with the noble duke that there was no disposition Om tannalt
asthma the
bag; and with respect so ohs slue tor the eawatep, he
kw. of wee oys.' the mass in the of of 11Watt gum, and
Luiesshiss. Adverting to the question of intsrferinee die allbles
ktigium, his Or et repeated the osmium math toy the aebb seal,
&tingly, that there was no lathaties lb Worth,* far any sib. *jest
alga pease sal hominy.

Lord SHREWSBURY deprecated any appearance of tiding with
E the feelings of the country ; retrenchment ought to be
to the utmost extent, if prosperity for the country was sour :lb!
obtained.

The Marquis of CLANRICARDE said, on the present occasion,
he should confine himself entirely to the extraordinary advice which
had been given to his Majesty by his Ministers; they had, by advising
the King not to dine with the Lord Mayor of London, not only thrown a
slur on the City of London, but they had created great alarm in the
country. He had been informed that in consequence of the leun of
the Secretary of State to the Lord Mayor on this subject, that already
a fall in the public funds of no less than three per cent. had taken
place. (Hear.) This was a common loss of property to the fundholder
—for his own part he confessed that he should think himself much mit.
taken if the Noble Duke at the head of the administration, and his col.
could remain much, if any, longer in office. The Noble Duke
titold the House that his present Majesty was a popular King ; who
doubted it T He had also urged, as a cause for his Majesty's not going
to the City dinner, the great crowd which would necessarily be gathered
together; there was also no doubt but that there would be a crowd; but
did Ministers not imagine any hazard from this crowd until last Satur-
day ? In short no explanation had been given, and it could nowt be de-
nied that matters now remain lust as they were on Saturday; for his
own part he was determined to oppose a ministry that could issue
such a document, causing great, though groundless, alarm to spread
throughout the country, thereby reducing funds, and bringing about
another panic. What, he would ask, will be the impression throughout
the Empire when these facts shall have been known ; when it shall ap.
pear that troops had been marched, and preparations made, as if to stem
rebellion, and all this because the person of the Noble Duke was con.
aidered Unsafe. Such proceedings were only calculated to lower the ad.
ministration of the Noble Duke in the opinion of the public, and to do
harm to the country. (Hear.)
Karl GREY begged to say a few words relative to the statements
made by the noble uke at the head of the government, and also by the
noble earl (Aberdeen), who sat near him. Then, with respect to the
existing trestles between this country and Holland, his (Karl Grey's)
conviction was, that on the face of them an obligation was contracted
by this government to interfere with the internal government of the
Netherlands (hear.) In his humble opinion, both sound policy and a
respect for the independence of another people enjoined the strictest
abstinence from all interference ; the amicable interference spoken of by
the noble duke was founded on a mistaken line of policy, and would
lead to results of a very dangerous tendency. After warmly eulogising
the people of France, not more for their courage than their moderating
in their late struggles, the noble earl expressed a hope that the house
would not agree with the view taken, by the noble duke as to the.settle.
meat of the affairs of Belgium; if similar views were entertained by
their Lordships, then adieu to the peace of the country (hear.) With
regard to the letter of the Secretary of State to the Lod Mayor, which
had caused so much alarm, he could not help telling their Lordships
that it was a cause of deep humiliation to the country that such a letter
had ever appeared (hear), and that his Majesty's Government should
have deemed its appearance necessary (hear.) Don the noble duke and
his colleagues imagine that they would aid the negociatiors on
foot with other states, by making such an exhibition es the
one he alluded to, telling all the world, as it did, that the King was not
able to comply with the wishes of the citizens of London ? He repeated,
that he felt deep humiliation when he perused that document. His
Majesty's ministers may know of more cause of alarm than he Earl
Grey) did ; but if they knew of no more than they had condescended to
state in the course of that night's debate, he was satisfied that there was
not enough to warrant such a step. It was however, a source of pride
and pleasure, and he avowed it as such, namely, that these measures
were not resorted to to secure the safety of his Majesty. If ever there
was a sovereign who really reigned in the hearts of his people,hls present
gracious Majesty undoubtedly did so; to him personally, therefore, no
danger could arise; nor, indeed, from the statement of the noble duke
himself, was any apprehended. The letter of the Lord Mayor stated,
that therefnight be injury dons to the; person of the noble duke; be
(Earl Grey) would express his utter abhorrence of persons who enter-
tained such sentiments. He, for one, should not hesitate to place him.
self as a defence to that noble duke against attacks so tut-English in
their character, and unmanly in their principle. At the same time be
considered the threats hinted at as loose and vague ; if they were to be
attended to, not only not to.morrow, but on no day ;could his Majesty
thew himself without a similar ,meat being used. The first object
of the noble duke, he contende ought to have been to institute
an inquiry as to what foundation there existed for the statement con.
taloa in the lord mayor's letter. He (Earl Grey) remembered one
case perfectly, which took place during the riots of 1780, when the then
lard mayor was prosecuted for magnifying danger ; he did not know of
what temperament the present lord mayor elect was, whether he was
timid, or otherwise; but he took it for granted that the noble duke had
made some inquiry relative to the threatened danger, and that he had
come to the resolution of staying away, as the most judicious course that
could be adopted. The information which he (Earl Grey) had received
on the subject, was of a very different east. He was informed that a
Court of Aldermen bad sat that very day, and had cameo a resolution
to the effect that, after the precautions adopted in similar cases were re.
sorted to in the present instance, no danger was to be apprehended ; and
&Tiber, that the lord mayor elect, in writing to his majesty's ministers,
acted totally without cause. (Hear, bear.) The noble earl eoncluffed
by awning, that it was quite clear there existed no want of loyalty or
affection to his majesty; disaffection only existed towards the adminie.
tradon of the noble duke. He (Earl Giey), however, should support
him against the attacks of the lawless.
The Duke of WELLINGTON rose 'amidst repeated calls for him.
As soon as he was audible he observed that the Lord Mayor could not
depend fully on the measures to be adopted by the city police on the
9th of November. It must be borne in mind this his Majesty went in
a procession, and not by himself; that the streets would necessarily be
kept clear for fourteen or fifteen hours out of the four and twenty ; du.
ring the whole of this time vast crowds would be gathered together; and
he should like to know if his majesty's ministers would be justified In
calmly standing by whilst such numbers of his majesty's subjects ran
the risk of endangering their lives and properties; that feeling alone, he
contended, was cause enough for the course adopted; but he should go
further, a gentleman of high respectability, acting with and for
the Lord Mayor elect. told him (the Duke of Wellington) yesterday,
that if the escort of cavalry that attended his majesty, as a guard
of honour, was to be allowed to remain tinder arms at the Mansion.
house, during the whole time his majesty and his ministers stayed
in the City, the most fearful results might be anticipated. His
Majesty's ministers acted fur the best in the advice they had given
to the king.
Lord RADNOR observed that the letter of the Secretary of State,
which was published in all the newspapers, had caused the greatest
I alarm ; it bad now been travelling for fourteen or sixteen hours uncon-
F tradicted, and the extent of the injury it would occasion could not be
calculated. He was of opinion that the noble duke did not see the ex.
tent of the alarm it had occasioned. He had heard that no fewer than
40,000 special constables had been sworn in to act on the 9th of Nevem.
ber ; if such a force was considered unequal to keep the pestle, it was
strange that the noble duke did not see cause for ascertaining the sources
of the evil which gave rise to such commotions. To him (load Radnor)
it appeared quite astonishing that the house should have wasted an hour
of its time in presenting petitions against negro slavery, and discussing
whether the country should have a moderate or a radical infant it ap.
pared still more astonishing to him to find the noble duke speaking as
he did, instead of coming down to the house and immediately adopting
such measures as were deemed most advisable for snoring gam
ttaaquillity to the public mind, after the promulgation of such a inter
as the one which gave rise to the present discussion.
The Marquis of BUTE defended the course pursued by the noble I
duke and his colleagues; in the midst of confusion no man knew better
than that noble duke bow to ac; he might with great truth apply the
words of the Peet to him.

" What man dares, he dares ;
Who dares do more is no man."
The noble marquis contended that the visit of their Majesties to the
City might have been attended with the effusion of blook and that I.
argued no want of personal courage on the pan of the noble duke to ad..
vise his Majesty to abstain from going into the City on thy Oh of
November.

Here this important matter closed.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE moved that an bumble address be
presented to his Majesty, praying that certain
_papers cosasessd with the
Treaties of 1814, in relation to the affairs of Helloed and Belgium, be
laid on the table.—Granted.

Their Lordships then ;11-iourned at Ha !pat Seven reap&

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Nov. S.
Several no, members were sworn and took their seats.
Petitions were presented, complaining of undue elections, from Cock,
Drogheda, Taunton, and Ikhester. he petition hem Drogheda
and Taunton were ordered to be taken Into coosidenties en the 4th of
Janor uary, that from lkhesuecember. son the of December, and that from
Ck ea the 7th of D
Mr. HODMION presented two petitions from Newastle-upon.
Tyne against slavery.
Mr. DENISON presented a petition from Clapham, raying to be
exempt from the New Pollee Act.
General PHIPPS presented • petition from Scarborough, spinet
the duty on unbent coal.
Lord STAhLEY presented seven petitions from congreptions of
, Dissenters in Lanembin mama Slavery.
Mr. BROUGHAM ma he thought the SiThilletellt for coodocdag
the badness of the Hone was, that a minister should attend from the
sitting of the House to answer any Important question, sad to boas the
observations made on public pedtions; otherwise expediting the bed.
nen by molting early was a mere mockery ; bat be supposed. wee
by a mistake they erste absent, and that we should soon have a minister
is the doom. _ (Hear, bon.)
Colonel SI BTHORPE sold he was glad to beer what fell from
the learned poderoaa. Ho awe down to ask a guides whether •
loner be hod nod In the papsn that monks true a fogey, and vb..
*sr it could be true- that his M wm Welled net to some
aims Ws ?
( al
loy peep* who would have hihitpeessues
olod &Bight Hen)

1 Mr. DUNDAS said ministers were never in ***bit of attending
lat the sitting of the House--he had no doubt one would be In the House
in a quarter of an hour.
Mr. O'CONNELL said he supposed they were either agitated, al
they were agitating. (Hear, and a laugh.)
Si' CHARLES BURRIILL said be ht the subject ought not 4
to have been introduced in the absence of mi He thought they
were just:fitd in the advice they had given his Majesty not to endanger
the public peace.
Mr. BROUGHAM said he had not even alluded to the absurd and.,
mischievous letter of ministers in their absence. He considered it an
attempt to involve the most popular king that ever sat on a throne in
the unpopularity of his ministers. If the King went to the city with-
out his ministers no main could doubt how he would be received.
(Hear.) The conduct of ministers had made many a utan who was
worth thousands a few days ago now a beggar. The funds !tad fallen
7 per cent. Had the King gone without his ministers, they would have
I risen. (Hear.)
Mr. BELL presented eight petitions from congregations in Northum-
berland for the abolition of slavery.
Lord ALTHOKP presented six similar petitions from congregations
in Northampton ; and a petition from General Thornton, against call-
ing on the King to make the declaration against transubstantiation.
The noble lord said he should be glad some other test if the King's
being a Protestant, was substituted.
Sir K. PEEL having entered the house, and taken his sent—
Lord ALT H01(1) said, he wished to inquire of the right honourable
secretary, whether the letter that had appeared in the public papers
that morning, signed with his name, addressed to the Lord Mayor of
London, announcing that his Majesty would not go to the City of Lon-
don, to dine with the titizens, as he had intended, was a genuineletter ;
`and if it were, what could have induced ministers to expose his Majesty
to the unpopularity of not going into the City of London, which must
alarm the whole country ? (Hear, hear.)

Sir It. PEEL said, however anxious he felt to answer the noble
lord, he was confident the house would not expect that he should make
any disclosures that might impede the course of justice (hear, hear).—
The letter, published in the papers, alluded to by the noble lord, was
genuine, and had his signature. It contained the expression of the
unanimous opinion of his Majesty's ministers, founded on informa-
tion which led to the conclusion, that were his Majesty to go to
the City in procession, u was intended, a collision might take
place, which it wa. at all times desirable to avoid, particularly at a
moment of excitement like the present. If his Majesty went to the
city there would be an immense number of innocent people, many cf
them women and children, collected by night ; if there were even a pos-
sibility that a scale of festivity and joy might become a scene of tumult
and bloodshed, every man must feel how desirable it was that such a
termination should be prevented. His Majesty feels perfectly satisfied
of the loyalty and affection of the citizens of London; but he was at the
same time time well aware, that when thousands of innocent people
were assembled together at night, and in such a situation, that any per.
son might, for the purpose of plunder and outrage, produce such disorder
as might be productive of the worst consequences, there was one good
and sufficient reason why the government should have taken the step
they had dune. A new body of men had been appointed by the house
to preserve the public peace, and if his Majesty had gone to the city, a
past number of that body must have been withdrawn from all parts of
die metropolis, and from nine o'clock in the morning all the streets lead.
lug from St. James's Palace to Temple-bar must, as it was desirable to
prim/cue the peace by civil force, be guarded by the new police; and as
many of them had to be on duty all night,many parted the town must be
left neglected, and, consequently, if any mischievous designs were in con.
templation, those parts would be exposed to plunder. That such designs
were in agitation there was great reason to apprehend. In fact, he was of
opinion that there was not a sufficient civil torce to preserve :he peace.
Let the house consider the disturbances of Friday and Saturday last,
and they must have noticed the industrious attempts made to influence
and inflame the public mind against the new police. Many thousands of
handbills were printed and circulated against the civil force, some of
which be would read. The tight hoe. gentleman then read several—the
first beginning, " To arms to arms !—All London meets on Tues-
day next; and, Englishmen, shall such an opportunity for redressing
our wrongs be lost ?" Re Re. The next bill began, "Liberty and
armsl—Englishmen, remember that London meets on Tuesday. You
may rest assured that there are 6,000 cutlasses in readiness for Peel'
bloody gang Fly to arms." lee. Now, he (Str R. Peel) would ask,
what chance there was of the public peace being preserved, when such
means was being resorted to? There could be no doubt then would
be some attacks made on single policemen, or some small body marked
out for vengeance. The military must be called in (hear), and as such
must inevitably be the ease, he saw no reason foe exposing the lives of
innocent men, women, sod children. He regretted as much as any
one the disappointment that took place; but he thought the public
peace paramount to every other coosideration. To stew the dis-
position that was felt towards the New Police, it was only
necessary to show the assaults that were committed on that body en
the 2d day of November. The podia then had been attacked in the
moot wanton manner and without the least provocation. In the exe-
cution of their duty 'they apprehended a thief, and fee safe custody
lodged him in the hones of an individual, whose house was shortly
after attacked by an infuriated mob. Sixty-six eases of assault on
pollee constables were beard before the magistrates on she 3d of No.
umber. Forty-two were ordered to Sod bail, 19 were fired, and the
others were discharged on their own renwisanees. It would therefore
be seen that no lees than sixty individuals were charged in one day with
attempting to break the public pesos. Could then a minister of the
amen, who held a responsible Ake, look indifferently on the dangers
that everywhere threatened ? Before he came to any determination, he
bad received such evidence that carried a conviction to his mind that
notwithstanding the universal auadunent and loyalty to the King, his
visit to the city would be attended with alarming, and in all probability
fatal consequences. The house would recollect that his Majesty's Go-
vernment had asked for no new laws to suppress the disaffection that I
now existed. They only stated that they were determined to put in force
the authority they now possessed to put a stop to the agitation that ex-
isted. He was aware—he was fully aware—of the great disappoint-
ment that would be occasioned by his Ma*ty's not going to dine in
the city. He knew the great sacrifices thathad been made, and great
expense incurred, all of. which no man regretted more than himself;
but, as he had before mentioned, all considerations were of minor im.
compared with the public eafety.—(Hear' hear.) On an oc-
casionll the one contemplated, there would naturally be assembled
on a November night an immense concourse of persons ; and amongst
them, no doubt, many that would disturb the public peace; to preserve
which it would be necessary to call in the military to assist the civil
authorities; in attempting to do which, in a dark night, it was probable
the lives of innocent persons might be lost. These was the reasons
that induced ministers to advise their majesties not to visit the City of
London, and thereby spare them the pain they would endure in case
human blood had been shed. He knew it had been said his Majesty's
ministers had become unpopular; but he would rather it be said en.
than it should be said be gave advice or peed to a procession which
was likely to be attended with danger to the lives of individuals. He
would submit to any taunt or any sacrifice rather than consent to a
measure calculated to occasion a disturbance of the public peace....
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. BROUGHAM said be could assure the right hon. gentleman
be meant to use no taunt on this very serious and important occasion.
It was his object to endeavour to quiet the public mind, and allay that
alarm which had been excited in the city and in the country by the
right hon. gentleman's letter. In his humble opinion his Majetty's go. I
vernment had acted most culpably in the advice they had given. He
could assure the right honourable gentleman that his letter which up.
paired in the newspapers of this morning had caused the greatest alarm
and consternation. (Cheers.) All mercantile transactions had UM
dined the greatest inconvenience, and be could assure the Howe as a
fact, that the stocks had this day fallen three per cent.—(Hear, hear)-1
and this. it should be remembered, was after a fall of four per cent. dur.
ing the pest week. Such a state of things could not be looked on with-
out the greatest alarm and apprehension. An individual, without any
fault of his own, without say spaulation, who was worth tens of thou.
sandi to-day, might be reduced to beggary this day week. He thought
the Idter of the right boss secretary was a sufficient ground for the
country to suppose that ministers telt great alarm at his Majesty's in.
tended visit. He (Mr. Brougham) was, however, happy to hear from
the statement of the right hon. gentleman. that he entertained tie fear
of loyalty and attachment in the people of London and Westminster.
He was glad to hear that they were nut tainted, but had offered every
assistance in their power to protect the Sovereign and preserve the
poses. But then the right hon. gentleman said it would be very dan.
serous to have a great crowd collected on a November night. Ile could
see no such danger—convinced as he was that nine hundred and ninety
out of every thousand were actuated with the greatest loyalty and d.eire
to preserve the public peace. The King never could go in procession
without a peat crowd being collected, and It was only justice to the
people of LOn&U and Westminster to say, that his person, whatever
might be the crowd, would be safe. On one day the country were told
that the Sovereign meld go in safety to visit the loyal citizens of Lon-
don—sad a few days afterwards, a letter comes from the Secretary of
Stale to the Lord Mayor, which says that the King could net de so with
safety. To what an :titan must this lead in the country, or more
aheoad, his Majesty's popularity was net so well
=; did is not look as if our gracious Sovereign had lost his
peptlarity what they were told by an Aker of the Crown, that be
amid not go through the town without cleating a riot ? (Hear, hear.)
Such, however was not thecae.. The King was as pepsine as ever.
no King could p as rarely through Leedom as ever (cheers). The
=t ashadd go and leave the unpopuhe Duke at home (cheers and
). Let him be shut up in ids house sad there Mad It (bear,
bad. He would swot, that the King was as popuiat as ever—dru he
week be as Ida as 11.1164mi1l that be would adviser Ua 1a p and leave
hie
eseapnaks bolded him (chews). Nat ihogodal if the
meet past ems% adelt ban wads he the Doke of Wellies-
eso, as a soldier sad a ampesee, and a alierks of the essavy, the
met inglisas aa invalid& MOWS, esogisd with a deviation by
'the Darts at Waives hoes Ids ow. poop, Rem of latent In aa
Mimi is his part to mike Maar eitat Irbil\ amen (whieb had made
L so Pun
so Phowl) *kat! new intesdisd bias to bs, a plat mod
soda aimseems Eagioma die midst et the ain ss fingetre of ems
M din Bobble, and 1 inlet eskly ps etßoald pities of them..-for 1 hut

that no deviation on the past of his Grace will ever eradicate from the
breasts of the people of this country, the gratitude they owe to him as
a soldier, and sometimes as a statesman ton—would to GOD I had not
lived to see the day when the conduct of the Duke of Wellington had
put him into that situation in which he could not accompany his Save-
retgn, in the midst of his people. to partake of a social repast.
Colonel DAVI ES was Burris:it that the right hue. gentleman op-
posite could have supposed that he or any gentleman on that side of
the house, would have approved of say thing calculated to lead to an
attempt, or to facilitate one, on the life of the Duke of Wellington.
The pliant Colonel regretted exceedingly the attacks that had already
been made oar the character of his grare' but what had caused his asto-
nishment, when he saw the letter which had appeared in the newspapers
of the day, written by the advice of his Majesty's ministere,was, that it
could have been supposed that a plot was in agitation against the safety
of the noble duke. When, however, he had heard it openly avowed
in the house to-night, that it had been written because his Crime the
Duke of ii'ellington had become extremely unpopular, his aetonisli-
ment had become ten-fold. Because his grim was so unpopular was
he to break down thilottlarity of his Majesty T—(Cheer..) Because
his grace was so un , were the whole of his Majesty's minister,
to be made PO ? Irt erTwere already so, if their present conduct Was
pursued, and they were not now so, soon would they find themselves in
that situation, and if they could be guilty of creating such alarm, and
raising such excitement, the sooner they resigned their situations,
which they were incompetent to fill, the better would it be for the
country. It had been said it was probable the police would be at.
tacked—if there was a probability of that, had his Majesty gone
into the City, the attack was now much more likely to be made
to-morrow night, if his Majesty did not go. Was it said that en
attack would be made on the duke's house ?—That also was much
mere likely to take place, if the Royal visit was not wade.—(Loud
cheers.)
Sir ROBERT PEEL said his sincere object was, with the honour-
able and learned gentleman who had spoken last but one, to at.
tempt to calm the public mind. Although he was rather astonished
at the sarcasm with which the honourable and learned gentlerem
had concluded the latter part of his vetch, be firmly believed that the
King could have gone to Guildhall with no other chance of incon-
venience than that which might have arisen from the exuberant a -
fection of his people. (Cheers.) He believed most sincerely there
would have been but one universal demonstration of love. He was
also firmly persuaded that every person possessed of properly would
have lent themselves most readily to the preservation of peace. No
less than front 1,44)0 to 1,500 of the most respectable and opulent
citizens have tendered their services on the occasion. So far, there-
fora, from supposing there was any disloyalty on the part of his
fellow Englishmen and the citizens of London, he believed there
never was an occasion on which there would have been a greater
and more general affection manifested towards a Sovereign, and
a stronger desire to maintain peace. But the House would do
well to ccnsider what state London and its neighbourhood would
have been in tomorrow, had the King gone to Guildhall. All
the police would have to be on duty from a very early hour ; and with
the facts that had already come to the knowledge of government, lie did
not think it would have been safe to leave the whole suburbs takeout
protection. 'l'o collect together an enormous crowd on a November
night, when there was a chance of its being necessary to recur to force,
would be willingly going forward to meet an evil which it was abso-
lutely necessary to avoid, if It could by possibility be done. It bad been
said that an attack may still be made to-morrow night ; if it were so,
one great consolation would be, that innocent s would not be in-
volved in it, but the association would p alone among those sho
sought mischief. The hon. and learned gentleman (Mr. Brougham)
had put a perfectly correct construction on what he (Sir It.) had said.
Never was there a sovereign more universally beloved, mid never had
there been one more entitled to his people's affection.

Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN said, we were now plated in a meet
extraordinary situation—we were told that the most popular King the
ever wended the throne could not partake of a dinner with his kcal
subjects at Guildhall, without the risk of occasioning a breach of the
public peace. It was incumbent on him (NIL %V.) to state same facts
which it was important for the house and ministers to know, in addition
to those stated by the right honourable baronet ; nor would what lie
would have to represent to the house be his own opinion only. When
he met the Court el Aldermen this morning, there was but one opinion
expressed t which was their utmost surprise at such a step
having been mhos as bum It was well known that an immense
number of the must impuMidir pulls is London were prepared to reo.
Ider their services for the of rauarviag the peace, and it was with
' consternation they bad the first time—been apprised of
the advice which Ida s usishams had thought proper to give
the Sovereign. He bad bad a tommualcation with three member. of
' the Committee, and they bud act the slightest apprehension of a
disturbance but air commuskadon whatever had been made to the
court of sideman", or the inegletrates of London, up to the moment that •
they received the letter rides right hon. secretary. This feet could be
attested by others of the s 1 as who were present in the bowie. It
was a circumstance most deafly to be regretted, es it must now go
abroad to the world:that his fojesty could not rely on the loyalty of his
ppeeoopple; or it must be admitted that be has a ministry unworthy of his
eon . On Saturday a message was received from the secretary of
state, but it was mealy to ascertain whether the letter that had been re.
ceived from the lord mayor elect was genuine or a forgery. What must
the public think of the government, who are blamed ? The effects were
already apparent in the roamer that the funds were affected ; and I:
would elect the depreeletios of mercantile property and interests of
every description. It was Mange that the lord mayor elect had MX con.
oohed his colleagues. Had it occurred before that unfortunate speech
was delivered from the theme, it would have occasioned no seemliest.—
The authorities of the city were perfectly capable of preserving the puss
and would have laid down their lives, had it been required, to preserve
order. With whatever might have occurred on the other aide of Temple
Bar they could bays no concern ; that rested with ministers themselves ;
but he thought there was nothing to be apprehended even there.-
-He deprecated the manner in which the police bad been treated by a
portion of the community; he was himself opposed to the new police:
be thought that the defects, in the system might easily be remedied, and
that it would become a most efficient body. It was not to his Majesty
that the people felt any objettion—it wee to die Premier. He (Aid. W.)
(crewed himself with sorrow and regret at the circumstance that had
occurred, and he thought that if the conduct of ministers were to be.
come the consideration of a Jury, that any Jury in the kingdom
would return a verdict of insanity against them. He most
heartily wished that they had withheld their tears until after the royal
visit to the city.
Mr. HOBHOUSE, in rising to say a few words on the momentous
occasion, fully confirmed the feet of the striking change that had
taken plate in public opinion that had been alluded to by the but.
alderman who had just sat down. There was no disaffection wherever
existing towards the august personage who now sat aeon the daunt,
nor to his family ; but there was disaffection of the strongest
character existing towards his Ministers in all quarters. He
(Mr. Hobhouse) wondered that they did not see another alternative
than that of stopping the celebration of the visit to the city. Whe-
ther they were not bound to consider their resignation as being prefer.
friable to occasioning the consternation they had created—a emotion-
non which was unparalleled in the history of the metropolis. The vast
change in public opinon that had taken place was to be remarked since
the speech of the King had been published. and the declaration of the
Duke of Wellington. If ministers had resigned today, and the KiNg
had gone to Guildhall to-morrow, the confidence of the people would
have been preserved. 1 here must be a change is the system of 02r 1-r-
-pm/tuition, and if the Duke of Wellington will not grant that charge
we must find souse other duke that will, and that the sooner Ma
better.

Mr. BROWNLOW expressed hie grief and disaopoiatment at the
occurrence. His present Majesty was deservedly the most popular
Monarch that bad ever sat upon the throne. He might have gone unat-
tended from St. James's to Wapping, and he would have found ita fe•
in the hearts of his people. It was with grief and indignation that he
(Mr. Brownlee') related that Ministers should have pat such a
speech into the mouth of his Majesty, making him an expressive tagan
of sentiments in opposition to the fetidly of the people of Kneland.
The King would have found a loyal and hearty reception is the C ty s
but the mystery of the whole was, that the Ministers in the speech from
the throne had shown the most heartless indifference to the sufferings of
the people. If they had evinced any desire of reilwetion of the taxes, bad
their measures at all been of a pacific description, instead of • bokliog
out apprehensions of a war, it would not then have been neces.are to
have put forth this letter. It was evident that is was the Duke of Wel-
lington who was afraid.
lAderman THOMPSON corroborated the statement which had
been made by Alderman Waithman, but he had gone into partieuiats
in making that statement that he (Alderman Thompson) would not
have given. He was perfectly satisfied, from the arvangtmerts tatai:e,
that the procession and entertainment would have gone of witt,out
least breach of the peace. There bad been 1,600 special caesuras
sworn in, besides the ordinary police of the lie, and a nopect-
able body of citizens had scut their acmes and mount-
ing to about four thousand pentane, who had tendered their seek, aas
constables for the day. The tendon of the chef mogism.te of tb.s
day was quite unauthorised, who sent the message that he was afraid
that the civil force would not be sufficient to beep the pew; hoe as
they bad received the message, the executive government could aid have
acted otherwise than they bad done. He could arm approve of UPI/-
log the military in contact with the people. He rocolletted with fte I igs
of horror the scenes that had been enacted in Manchester once; sad
God forbid that a sink drop of bitted should .he epillastia this use re-
ptile. He had sten the meets throw& whit. papples and disappolat.
mot prevailed through every rant ; het ha had wileiseab she askew
diepadtbas evinced to aramait a breach of she peace. Ha bail jaw len
a coon of gienaes is at his dacha la the Haw of Caramecs, and
the lose aet la width they ameeeagasted was to pew • revehaim ekkh
the hos. alderman read M the lame, diewereoiag *y eosaaareathra
to the sanative fierreramart, regordiag des pace if the_ shy. sad la-
dles any reps oureaties that hod hear Male *eel& haft pro.
*nal They disaareed wanly all paidelpaus•
la the oeithesaaindis with had lmr merle is Lad Webby.:

*

11

The H
An ue
Cuinberh
The LI
foe their I
Commis*
