THE TREATY.

The " Treaty of Peace"—as it is called—between
Russia and Turkey, will be found in our first page. At-
tentively examined, it appears to be little more than the
arrangement of certain bases, upon which a definitive
treaty may, or may not, be founded : it speaks in several
articles of an " annexed separate act," in virtue of which
uasiderahle cessions and " restitutions" are to be made,
and it has no signatures except those of the Russian
conquerors. Why are the names of the Turkish Pleni-
potentiaries not appended? In our opinion, it smacks
very much of the generalship of Count DIEBITSCII
ZABALKANSKY, who has not been so cognominated
without a motive : at any rate, it is a mere string of
,unratified propositions, which may be accepted, or ro-
iected—or modified—as the case shall turn out.
In the mean time, we shall begin with remarking
that the supplementary annexations—which in this
Treaty are the object of such frequent allusion—are
known to contain stipulations, which it is impossible for
the Porte to fulfil. The indemnities insisted upon by
Russia, and which the SULTAN in his extremity
has engaged to liquidate at fixed inst-Iments
—his empire remaining under occupation CA these
are paid—impart to the treaty in which the fallen
MAIIMOU D has acquiesced, the character of a covenant of
occupation. Nor can there be the slightest doubt that

this is the real, and—by both Sovereigns—understooa
character of the treaty. There is a secret compact—who
can question it ?—between the vanquished and the victor:
dictated by the bestriding power, and eagerly accepted by
the other from impulses of self-preservation. Hence-
forth, the lion is going out to hunt in company with the
ass, and fine spoil and sport is before them : but Ego
primum tollo is inscribed on the banner of the lion.
Where, we will ask, is Turkey to turn, to enable herself
to discharge the enormous ransom, which—in the annexed
papers alluded tc—she has agreed to pay ? From what
El Dorado, hitherto unknown in the finance of nations,
will she manage to extract eleven millions, five hundred
thousand golden ducats? Yet, if she do not contrive
this, she has covenanted to remain under occupation : and
under occupation in spite of Europe—henceforward she
must remain.

Verte omnes tete in fades, et contrahe quiequid
Sive animo, sive arte vales ; opta ardua pennis
Astra Kept elausumve cavi to eondere terrl—
Haud tamen dfugies !
But to speak now of the Treaty before us, and dis-
card—for the sake of argument—all consideration of
the supplementary conditions. We protest that we see
no security for Turkey in this document, even
supposing that Russia were sincere in the tone of
moderation which appears to pervade some of its articles.
The immense and exclusive commercial advantages
which are secured to Russia by the seventh article, and
the dominion there ceded to her over the Canal of Con-
stantinople and the Straits of the Dardanelles, are equi-
valent—in her hands—to the sovereignty of both oceans.
WI may thus be said—by our supineness—to have lost
the Levant to our commerce ; for the vessels of Russia,
pouring through those hitherto closed gates into the
Mediterranean, will compete formidably with our traffic
in regions where it is little prepared for such competi-
tion : add to this, that the new Greek States—with
CAPODISTRIAS at their head—will give her a natural
preference, and increase the rivalry against English

trade in those waters.
The power to grant, or refuse a passage through the
Dardanelles, was imprescriptible and inherent in the
Turk : it constituted, in fact, the great political justi-
,fication of that title of " Ou n OLD ALLY,"with which
for many years England consented to dignify a barbarian
throne. There was no other excuse for our suffering so
long the Ottoman in Europe, except that through his
intermediacy, we were enabled to debar Russia from
competing with us in the Mediterranean markets. That
inherence, therefore, and that imprescriptibility of right
in the Sublime Porte, it was the policy of this country
to sec maintained at any price—even at that of a war
the most obstinate and expensive—since on the power
of opening or closing those Straits, her very mercan-
tile independence, almost her existence, in the Levant,
rested.
To say th-at the Dardanelles are left in the power of
the Turks, and that they are to be free only to nations
who are at peace with him—not at peace with Russia—
is absurd : the Turk himself is under the subjection
of NICHOLAS, and must close, or open those gates, to
such nations as it alone suits the interests and pleasure of
Russia to encourage. The question of the freedom of
the Dardanelles was never a question between the Porte
and NicnoLAs, but between the Autocrat and England:

and we have suffered ourselves, or rather the Govern-
ment has, whose duty it was to have kept watch over
such vital interests, to be half-intimidated, half-
bamboozled, out of one of the grandest, as well as oldest
and most unquestioned, of our mercantile prerogatives ;
one of the strongest bulwarks, and—till Russia ravished
it, an inexhaustible source to us—of national power and
prosperity.
The language of the Times this morning, on the sub-
ject of the article concerning the Dardanelles, proves
either that ho does not understand its importance, or is
pandering—ut suus est mos—to Ministers.

This morning a Messenger arrived at the Foreign
Office, in Downing-street, with dispatches for the Earl
Of ABERDEEN from his Excellency Lord HEYTESBURY,
our Ambassador at the Court of St. Petersburgh.

The Countess of Liverpool has just arrived from Ter-
ceira with despatches for his Excellency the Marquis of
PALMELLA, from Count VILLA Ft.on. She left the
Island on the 19th ult. The Patriot Army and Nir
gallant leader, were in high spirits, and still exulting in
their late victory. An abundant harvest, and the most
perfect tranquillity, added not a little to the general
satisfaction. The remnant of the Miguelite squadron
had been seen hovering at a distance, but it totally
disappeared before the Captain lost sight of land. We
shall be enabled to furnish additional details to-morrow,

The Supplements to the Augsburg Gazette, of the
6th and 17th inst. received this day, contain, under the
title of the Oriental Question, a long and eloquent article
dated from the Rhine, 26th Sept. directed against the
policy of England, ever since the commencement of the

Greek revolution; with the view of shoving that it was
imprudent and narrow-minded in its conception, and in-
jurious in its results ; that it has led to the ruin of the
Turkish Empire, by deluding MA it mou ft with vain
hopes ; and has opened the eyes of the whole continent
of Europe to the real designs, as well as the weakness,
of England. The following is the conclusion of the
article we now speak of : _ _ _

" Events have rent the veil behind which British policy had
hitherto concealed from the Continent is our paramount interest.
Nobody eau any longer be deceived—every body is sensible that
the victories of Russia have acquired freedom for commerce,
a long wished for security to the independence of the Conti-
nent ; and that, on the other hand, all the obstacles that Eng-
land might throw in the way of the complete onecees of the
enterprise of the Emperor Nicholas, eau be calculated only to
serve British commercial monopoly and British supremacy.—
Europe is now compelled to recognise a Dew state of things that
is disagreeable to them ; but at length evidence Is not to be re
slated. The Turkish empire is not only shaken to its foundation—
all the bends that held it together are dissolved—lts supports have
fallen—its power Is dashed to pieces ;—and the nation which

represented its mountains, the fanaticism of its inhabitants, the
pride and energy of its sovereign, as the most certain means of de-
fence, bas proved to be a complete illusion. No earthly power
can banish this fact from the chain of causes which must have a
decisive influence in giving a new face to the world. Paovi-
DIO/C1 has given to the Russians, by the most glorious victory, the
power to decide the fate of countries in which Nature has lavished
her choicest gifts—which history has consecrated by immortal
deeds, which have been too long the prey of Barbarians, who dean.
Wed the garden of the earth, degraded the spirit of nations in
slavery, and who found the guarantee of their existence is the fa-
mily dWinctions of the Christian States. The English may flatter
themselves with the possibility of a peace which shall again allow
to Barbarism the right of existing is the ancient domain of civiliza-
tion, and obscure the lustre of the victories of the Russians ; it is
not to be conceived that the Prince on the throne of the Czars,
distinguished by firmness of character, talents, and humanity, and
in the prime of life, should be Insensible of the task incum-
bent on him, sod refuse the glory of becoming the author of
prosperity and happiness in countries, which are the theatre of the
deeds of Alexander and Aristides, Pompey and Cesar. The vic-
tories of the Greeks over the barbarians of Xerxes have immor-
talized them; et a new—and as regards the fate of the civilized
world—a more important victory over the barbarians of hiahmoud,
give the fairest wreath of immortality to the young Emperor, the
first years of whose reign are distinguished by one of the most de-
cisive events in the history of the world. Who ventures to hope
that the Emperor will tear the wreath, in order to please the Eng-
lish? where PROVIDUOI has spoken, the Cabinets cannot restore
the old system, which has fallen into ruins. Their wisdom
consists in reconciling themselves with what exists, and in
directing it to the advantage of justice, morality, knowledge, and
humanity. Never was a fairer opportunity given them to show
their wisdom. No answering of views and of will, no rotten hopes
of what is already fallen, but rewind= and creative energy @kW
can erect a durable edifice on the cleared ground, and secure the:
peace of the world. A lame peace would as little check the desti-
nation of Russia, as former Treaties of Peace were still to hinder
the invasion of all Europe by the French armies. Only the dis-
advantage of the old relations can be still preserved, if means
should be found to deprive the Russians of the last harvest of
victory ; all the advantages of future harvests would thereby be
secured to them as their exclusive gain."

CITY. Twscvs o'CLocz.

At length the labour of the mountain has brought
forth the mouse, and the long-expected Treaty of Peace
between the Russians and Turks has appeared before the
public, and of much the same tenor as previously re-
ceived ; which is rather an unfortunate event for the
settling-day of to-morrow in Consols, as the Bears ex-
pected the Treaty would contain some stipulations unfa-
vourable to this country. Indeed the Treaty is of a more
favourable description than was expected ; and proves
that the Emperor of Russia has fulfilled his promise in
the Manifesto published at the commencement of the
war. He did not aim at aggrandizement.

This Treaty of Peace has not had the least effect on
the funds this morning. Consols which left off yester-
day at 891 for the Account, and 891 buyers for No-
vember, opened at the same price with nothing doing as
yet. The settling day beiffg so near at hand, the spe-
culators are afraid to extend their accounts, therefore no
business of importance is expected to take place until
Friday.

This is settling day in the Foreign Market, but up
to the present hour we do not hear of any failures ; and
the only business doing is making up their accounts.
The prices at present may be quoted as per yesterday.

CITY, HALF-PAST ONE.

Up to the present hour a great dullness prevails in the
Consol Market, and Consols have continued the whole of
the morning at 891 i for the present account, and 89j
for November : no business doing of any consequence.
We cannot as yet ascertain whether it will turn out a Bull
or Bear account, which cannot be known until four o'clock
this afternoon, when the puts and calls will be decided.
The Sinking Fund does not appear so good as the last
quarter, when it was at £2,600,000.
By the report of the Corn Exchange this morning, it
appears that it was in a stagnated state, and very little
doing, and at Monday's prices.
The settling of the accounts in the Foreign Market,
to the present time, is going off well. Brazil, Greek,
and Danish Stocks, are the only accounts of consequence
to settle.

A Morning Contemporary has made a wonderful dis-
covery, that the Turks are to pay the Russians four or
five millions sterling : this we published ten days ago.

GOOD NEws.—By the account of the Liverpool mar-
kets, it appears that extensive sales in cotton have taken
place during the week. Not less than 20,880 bags of
the above article have been sold ; of which 1,500 were
American, 500 Brazil, and 600 Egyptian. The price has
improved i per lb.
Accounts from Havre of the Bth Oct. state that the
sales there in cotton were 8,700 bales, and the prices
were maintained. Two English ships, laden with corn,
have entered the above port from London, where they left
14 other ships loading with grain, for Havre and Rouen.
The accounts from Paris mention that the Portuguese

emigrants, who have taken refuge in various towns of
Bretagne, in France, have received notice that they are
going to be quartered throughout France ; as the French
Government do not think proper that more than six
officers and twelve soldiers should remain in one town.

Lord COCHRAN E is arrived at Havre on board the
packet boat Southampton.
By accounts from New York of the same date as our
last advices, it appears that the American Cabinet are
still arguing the question of the expediency of purchasing
Texas from the republic of Mexico; and the following
observations are alluded to in the American Papers on
the subject :—" The Mexican Government is at this
time in a state of unexampled embarrassment; and this
circumstance has caused the breaking up of the navy,
the diminution of her army, and has disseminated a spirit
of distrust, dissatisfaction, and dissention among the ci-
tizens generally. The exposed situation of Texas requires
two garrisons, attended with considerable expense, and
the weak condition of the Mexican Government, and de-
fenceless situation, would render it an easy conquest to a
foreign foe, which would be much more humiliating than
a voluntary cession. For these reasons wa believe its
obtainment practicable."
MONTREAL, SEPT. 7.—Count Ney, son of the ill-
fated and illustrious Marshal Ney, left this city for
Quebec on Monday last, in the steam-boat Chambly,
after a short stay of a few days.—His Excellency Sir
Hilgrove Turner and family arrived here on Saturday
evening from Quebec, in the steam-boat St. Lawrence,
and proceeded yesterday to the United States, on their
return to Bermuda.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

CHANGE&

The Duke of Bedford, from a tour, to Mansfield-stmt. Port-
land-place; the Duchess of Bedford, from the Highlands of Scot •
land, to Devonshire ; the Duke of Dorset, from a tour, to Drayton
House, Dorchester; the Marchioness Dowager of Northampton
and the Hon. Mr. Dickins, for the Steyne, at Brighton ; Earl
O'Neill, for Shane's Castle, near Dublin, from Cheltenham; the
Earl of Rockfort, for his seat in Suffolk; Lord and Lady Rolle, from
Bicton Hall, Exeter, to &evenstone Park, near Torrington, in
Devonshire ; Lord and Lady Arundel and family, in Brook-
street, front the Continent; Lord M. Hill, front Arlingtoe- street.
oo a tour • Colonel Brandon, for the Duke of Gloucester's seat,
Bagshot Park ; Mr. and Ledy Mary Ross, front a tour, on a visit
to Messrs. General Ross, in Hertfordshtre ; the Hon. Glandes
Leigh for Brighton; Major and Mrs. Jennings, for Brighton.
from Rochester; Mr. I. Round, M.P. for Brighton ; Captain
Frederick Gordon for Brighton ; Mr. Elliot Fuller for A.lt -
down House, Sussex • the Honourable General Dalrymple for
Wickham Lodge, Windsor ; Major and Mrs. Holmes, from
Manchester, to Cheltenham ; Captain Spencer for Paris ; Sir
George Henry Rose, from the Isle of Wight, for Cuffnells, in
Hampshire ; Mr. Stirling, on a visit to Sir Waiter Stirling,
Ban. at his seat, Shoreham, in Kent, from Hertford-street ;
Captain Jephson, in Waterloo-place. from the lonian
Islands; Mr. and Mrs. Theobald, from Tunbridge Wells, for Nel-
son's-crescent. Ramsgate; Major Barlow, for Hounslow; Mr.
John Griffiths for Christchurch ; Captain rayton, in St. James's.
place, from Lisbon ; Mr. and Mrs. Marsden for Aldenham Park, in
Hertfordshire; Captain Darby, R. N. in Pall-mall, trom the Me-
diterranean; Captain and Mrs. Crosby, in Wimpole-street. from
Norfolk ; Mr. and Mrs. Rose and family, at Ellis's Hotel, S.
James's-street, from Scotland ; Mr. and Mrs. Knight, at the Lon.
don Hotel. Albemarle-street. from their seat near Leamington,
Warwickshire; the Rev. William Gooch, at Crawley's Hotel (late
Cook's), Albemarle-street, from Surrey; J. Hinge, Esq. and the
Misses Hinge, at Kirkham's Hotel, Lower Brook-street. from
Brightok • Captain and Mrs. Huntley, at ditto, from Leamington,
Warwickshire; Major Cartwright. at ditto, from Northampton ;
Lieut.-General Sir Warren Peacock, at ditto, from the Continent ;
Thomas Sydney. Esq. at the St. James's Hotel, Jernsyn-street.
from Florence; Mr. and Mrs. &des, front the London Hotel, for
Leamington, Warwickshire ; Mr. and Mr.. Pace. from ditto, on a
tour; Major Fletcher, from the British Hotel, for Brighton; J.
Hartison, Esq. from ditto, for his seat in Suffolk ; Mrs. Calvert, at
Feuffier's Hotel, St. James's-street, from a tour • Mr. and Mrs.
Geo. Stevens, at ditto from Paris; the Hon. Charles Stewart,
from ditto, for the North • Lady D'Ameland and Miss D'Este, at
Mivart's 7- Lower Brook-street and Davies Streets, from

- Hotel,
.eamington ; Captain and Mrs. Barham, at ditto, front Sussex ;
the Rev. J. Johnstone, at ditto, from Kent ; the Baron Ga.
blens, at ditto, from Munich; Colonel D'Este, from ditto,
for Ramsgate ; Captain Dixon, from ditto, fur Brighton ; J.
Bramston, Esq. and the Misses Grove, at the Burlington Ho-
tel, from Basingstoke; S. Douglas, Esq. at ditto, from Chiches
ter ; H. Fitzgerald, Esq. at ditto, from the Continent; Georg
Robert Heneage, Esq. from ditto, for his seat in Lincoln,
shire; Charles Fox, Esq. from ditto, for Dublin; General Gos-
seUn, from ditto; John Taylor, Esq. at Symmons's Hotel, St •
James's-straot, from his seat, Strancham Court, Worcestershire':
Su Laurence Vaughan Palk, Batt. M.P. from ditto, for his seat in
Devonshire; J. Halsey, Eq. Mrs. Halsey, and W. Timson. Esq.
at Marshal Tbompson's Hotel, Cavendish-square ; Le Cote de
Batthyamry at ditto; the Rev. Arthur Champagne and J. Bury,
Esq. at ditto; Mrs. William Brown, jun. at ditto; Captain Elton
from ditto; W. P. T. Wickham, Esq. from ditto.

Count MUNSTER bad an audience of the KING, on
Sunday, at the Royal Lodge, in Windsor Park.
The Duke de LAVAL MONTMORENCY, Ambassador
from his most Christian MAJESTY to this Court, arrived

in town on Monday night, from Paris, as mentioned in
the STAR of yesterday. His Excellency, accompanied
by Monsieur ROTH, Charge d'Affaires, went yesterday
afternoon at five o'clock, to the office of the Secretary of

State for Foreign Affairs, for the purpose of being intro-
duced to the Earl of ABERDEEN. His Excellency
afterwards returned to the residence of the Embassy in
Portland-place.
Mr. WASHINGTON IRVING, Secretary of Legation
to the Embassy of the United States, has arrived in town
from America.

The Duke of WELLINGTON left town yesterday morn-
ing for Weimer Castle: previous to his departure the
Earl of ABERDEEN had a long conference with his Grace
at the Treasury. The Noble Duke will, it is expected,
hold a Wardmote at Dover, on Thursday.
Mr. H ER It I E 3 has left town for his seat, at Seven Oaks,
Kent. _

Earl BATHURST, after attending the King's Court on
Monday, atWindsor, left the Castle for his seat at Ciren-
cester, Gloucestershire.
The Countess of DYSART entertained the Duke and

Duchess of CLARENCE, the Bishops of LONDON and
WINCHESTER, Sir F. BURDETT, and a distinguished
party, to dinner on Monday, at her seat, Ham-house,
Richmond, Surrey.
Lord COLCHESTER (late the Honourable Captain
ABBOT), eldest son of the late Speaker of the House of
Commons, is appointed to the command of the Volage
frigate, fitting out for foreign service at Portsmouth.
It is expected that the Hon. PII I LIP ABBOT, third
son of the late Lord COLCH ESTER, will shortly lead to
the hymeneal altar the Hon. Miss TALBOT, a lady of
great beauty and highly accomplished.
The marriage of the wealthy D. BAILLIE, Esq. with
the amiable daughter of Lady STEW A RT, is fixed to take
place within a fortnight.
It is understood that the Giraffe is to be dissected at
Windsor, as the structure of these interesting animals is
peculiarly curious. The skin will be also stuffed, and
the external symmetry and beauty of the animal still
preserved.
Mr. COBBETT has announced that, having withdrawn
from the Radical Reform Association, he intends to de-
liver a course of speeches upon subjects connected with
Reform, in a room where he can have the whole time to
himself, and where the Reporters can take down his
speeches!
The accounts obtained yesterday from Calcutta, men-
tion that proceedings had been adopted for the purpose of
colonizing the ceded and conquered provinces in the East
Indies. At a public meeting held at Futteghur, at
which P. REID, Esq. presided, a long string of resolu-
tions had been adopted, for the purpose of raising a fund,
in order to devise means for affording employment to the
rising generation in India. Great advantages were ex-
pected to result from carrying the plan into effect ; and
as soon as funds and lands had been obtained, farmers,
labourers, &c. were to be invited to join in the plan, and
would have facilities afforded them of commencing the
cultivation of the land. The resolutions referred to are
very minute in their details, and state distinctly that the
land purchased by the subscriptions to be solicited from
natives as well as Europeans, would be held as a sacred
trust for promoting the best interests of the East India
community. At Calcutta an opinion was entertained
that great good would result from the undertaking.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.—Yesterday afternoon
the Commissioners of the Victualling Board were engaged
in taking contracts for sugar, rum, &c. The quantity of
rum advertised to be contracted for was 100,000 gallons,
which, in addition to the contracts taken within the last
month, makes a total of 250,000 gallons required far ti►e
use of the navy, or 50,000 gallons more thin was con-
tracted for last autumn. There were several tenders sent
in for the rum. The contract prices of this article, as
well as of sugar, have not yet publicly transpired ; but we
are given to understand that the vum and sugar are to be
delivered into his Majesty's stores at prices within a mere
fraction of those at which the last contracts were taken.
The last contract for rum was at ls. 9id. per gallon, and
for sugar 57e. 6d. per cwt. One house has taken both
1 the contracts for rum and sugar to-day. Contracts fol-
lowed for butter, cheese, &c.

8J

