THE DETERMINATION OF FRANCE.

From a Second Edition of the Timers this Morning.
" PARIS, WEDNESDAY, 5 o'Ce.ocx.
Any alarm which might have been felt on account of the calling
:on elfective service 80,000 soldiers, will be allayed by the important
_ice:merlon which M. the Minister for Foreign Affairs, has this
Afternoon made to the Chambers, that France is determined to act upon
the strictest principles of non-interference with the affairs of other
nations, and that there is every reason to believe that such will be the
raling principles of all the (heat Powers. This wise decision secures
the tranquillity of France and the peace of Europe.
“ Baron Louis, Minister of the Finances, spoke as follows, in the
name of the Government Gentlemen, we come forward to lay before
you a law of the utmost importance--a law relative to the contributions
indirects. France is a fine and rich country ; but the true key of pro.
sperity is to know how to apply those sources of her riches. This know-
ledge was always difficult, and now more than ever. The progress of
society is slow ; the principles of that progress and perfection may be
laid in the course of a few hours, but to put theta in execution is
an affair of many years. The urgency of immediate relief has
irritated the minds of many, and certain taxes having once
became an object of aversion, their total abolition has been
required without farther examination. Fortunately we arc in a country
where the public opinion soon returns to reason and good sense ; and
the citizens will not show themselves more backward in parting with a
portion:of their fonune, than lately in offering their lives for the support
of the cause of liberty. We must not abolish the taxes called indirect:
but henceforward a duty of entrance shall only be established in towns,
and in the parishes no other ditty shall be levied but that of sale, and
that equally divided amongst the dealers in wines and spirits. Only
thirty millions of francs shall be required for the duties of entrance ; the
duties laid upon silt in the country parishes' shall not be more than
two-thirds of the duties levied during the late three years. Instead of
100 millions of francs. the duties or. fermented liquors shall not pass 50
millions of francs. Duties shall be laid on transportation. They shall
amount to about 20 millions.' fhe Minister then read a project, con-
sisting of 40 articles, which it was too long to copy. As soon as he had
finished,
" 21. Etienne spoke as follows The project of law which has just
been presented was an object of general expectation, and is a matter ofl
deep reflection for the Chamber ; and every member will feel how very im.l
portant it is that a commission should be named to prepare the discussion
of tOis question during the prorogation of the Chamber. Gentlemen,
:!..e projects of law tends to maintain the tranquillity of the country,
a:ut to put an end to the agitation and discontent which the enemies
of the national cause endeavour to foment. I insist on the bureau
assembling to-morrow; but there is another subject to which I wish
to call the attention of the Chamber. The Government has taken a
measure full of wisdom and energy, and we acknowledge its indite.
pensable necessity : but at the very moment when the Chamber is
going to separate, I should wish that the Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs would now come forward with some communications to the
Chamber concerning the situation of France, and its relations with
the Foreign Powers.
" 51. Mole, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, replied—' Gentlemen, It
is with pleasure I take advantage of the present opportunity to make
those communications which have been required of me. When a Go.
vannient is newly established, a long delay ensues before the pre-
existing Governments acknowledge it. One would think that they
want first to appreciate its rights, but such has not been the line
of conduct of Europe towards us : our cause was so just, that the
CabMers have hastened to acknowledge our new government, Lnd
everywhere the letters of Philip the First have been received in
the inost cordial manner, and our relations are consolidated as hastily
as distance will allow. Europe desires the preservation of peace as sin-
cerely es we do ourselves, and we receive from all Europe repeated
assurances of this general wish. The events which have just taken
place in Belgium may have given rise to some anxiety, and it was but
just that they should become a matter of serious reflection ; but all in-
tense. may be conciliated by the adoption of the principle of non.
interference. No, Gentlemen, the peace shall not be broken—its pre-
set% ation is the object of the general wishes.'
21. Gerard, Minister of War.--' You have just heard the words of
the Minister of Foreign Affairs ; my duty is to furnish some expla-
Lanons to the last ordinance relative to the recruitment of the army.
These explanations shall be given with no less sincerity than confidence,
for the present system allows at least every one, both at home and abroad,
to know what he may rely upon. You know what was the situation
of our army before our late revolution. Some of our troops are in Af-
rica, others in the Mores; the Royal Guard has been disbanded ; the
vacancies must be filled. By the new ordinance the army will be
placed on the accustomary footing in time of peace; and we have it in
our power to complete the army in case of war. By forming new bat-
talions and squadrons it will become possible to replace a great number
of old officers. Two laws concerning the National Guard will complete
our means of security and defence. A law of recruitment will be pre-
sented, calculated to guarantee the rights and interests of all, and
also to atone for the deficiencies of our military code. Our fortresses,
their means of defence, and the arsenals, have given rise to certain
measures of precaution ; and we shall not be found unprovided, or
taken unawares, whatever may be the course of events ; but, at the
same timejl repeat that France wishes nothing but peace, but does not
I:ar war. If she were forced to war, numberless battalions of volunteers
would rise, as it were, out of the bosom of the earth itself, as was the
rase 40 years ago, to defend the country ; every arm, every opinion,
would unite ; but, no, France does not wish for war, and we shall not
be obliged to prove, as once before, of what we are capable when we rise
it: one mass, and when we are called upon to defend our territories and
our libertitx.'

" After this speech, M. Berenger, reporter of the special commission
charged with examining the proposition of M. de Tracy relative to the
abolition of the penalty of death, spoke as follows:
" • The commission is not at all convinced that the majority of the
nation understands the importance of the abolition of the penalty of
death: this abolition would necessitate great changes in the penal code,
:.nd perhaps even the creation of a new one.'
" The reporter entered into great details concerning the effects of the
capital punishment applied to political aim's, and grounds his reasons
on numerous facts of the first revolution.
" The Commission was of opinion that the penalty of death should
be suppressed in many circumstances, and concluded for the adjourn-
ment of the question.
•• The question will be discussed after to-morrow.
" The former law on sacrilege was then voted, and rejected.
The sitting broke up at half-past four."
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, Ocr. 6.
Five per Cents, 94f 50c 75c 95f 94f 90c 80c 75c 70c 60e 94f
We 69c 50c 70c 80c 75c 70c 94f 50c. Four and a Half per Cents,
90f. Three per Cents, 64f 50c 65c 50c 20c 40c 45c 40c 30c 50e
64r 60c 55c 50c.

EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
(Inc Month. 25f 30c ; Three Months, 245 f 15c.
TREATIES WITH TRIPOLI AND TU.VIS.

From the Supplement to the Me+sager des Chambres, of' Tuesday,
Oct. 5.

MARSEILLES, ScrT. 25.
NEW TREATIES WITH THE PACHA OF TRIPOLI AND

THE BEY (IF TUNIS. _
'fix Chamber of Commerce hastens to acquaint the merchants and
-•illp•OWIlerS, with the following letter, which it has just received from
the Minister of Foreign Affairs :

" PARIS, SZYT. 20.
" GENTLIEMEN,—The department of Foreign Affairs, when it gave
vv.% by a letter of Match 12th, some explanations respecting our rela-
Llama with the States of the Coast of Africa, announced that the rela-
tions with the ILlaveroment of Tripoli were precarious and endangered,
conseqin nee of the insults which had forced the Consul-General of
France to quit his post. The expedition to Algiers, by drawing the
attention of the French Government almost exclusively to the latter
point, suspended the execution of the measures which it proposed to
.altipt in order to obtain satisfaction for its causes of complaint against
the l'acha of Tripoli. But as soon u the conquest of Algiers was
certain, Rear-Admiral Roseate' was ordered to proceed to Tripoli
aid) a division of our naval force, to demand such satisfaction, and to
..btain it by arms if the Tripolitan Government should refuse to sub.
itribe to the terms which were to be imposed upon it, and in the sum
.1 which the French Government had endeavoured to combine the re-
iiitesa of its own grievances with the satisfaction which the general into.
rasa of Christendom also required. This mission has been attended
with complete success. The Pacha of Tripoli, without our being
üblig,tl to compel him by force, signed, on the 1 lth of last month, a
treaty, by which. expressly isavowing the calumnies of which the
Consul of France had been the subject, he has engaged to write to the
King a kaki of apology, with regard to the circumstances which led to
rtairemeat of that agent,and to pay the sum of 800,000 f. to make good the
demands which the French had against the Regency of Tripoli. These two
conditions have been already fulfilled ; the letter of excuse, conceived in
must explicit tarns, was immediately delivered to Admiral Rommel,
And the Paella, at the sante time, placed in his hands the half of the ad.
pasted 800,000 franca, es resell as a bond for 400,000, payable on the
..11111 Decetnbtr next. By ,ether articles of the treaty, the Puha for.
.nally renounces for hnnvt If and hiti:auccessors the right of sending
icut cruisers against any lli;T:stian power, which, being at war with the
Regency, should ou its part also abstain from the exercise of this right
against Tripolitan merchantmen. He renounces no lea expressly
Jay augmentation of the actual number of hie ships of war,
list of which has actually been delivered to us. He abo-
lishes in his dominions tile slavery of the Christians, the tributes,
presents, or dues, under whatsoever name, imposed on European Go.
eminent., and monopoly of commerce. He binds himself not only to
give to foreign vessels which may be wrecked on the coasts of
the regency the necessary assistance and succour, but also to make good
the value of the erects or merchandise which may have been pillaged,
411t1 to pay fines as a reparation for the murders which may have been
committed on persons belony,titg to the crews of those ships. The Bey
Tunis, by a treaty signet! on the Bth of August, had contracted engage-
ments absolutely identical with the above, and this double event has
vi..rtialy completed the results which the expedition bad already

enabled us to obtain in the interest of humanity and civilisation. I have
thought it my duty, gentlemen, to acquaint you with these two treaties,
which the King has entirely approved, and one of which, by renew-
ing our relations with the Regency of Tripoli, has the advantage of
putting an end to the uncertainties and fears which the French mer.
chants might still feel respecting the dispositions of that Regency.
The King will very shortly appoint the Consul-General and Chargé
d'Affaires, who is to represent him at Tripoli, and to protect there'
the interests of France. As for Tunis, you know that our relations
with that state has not ceased to be satisfactory, and it is solely to the
means of amicable negotiation that the French Government had judged
proper to owe the conclusion of the treaty to which the Bey has sub-
scribed."

THE NETHERLANDS.
From the Hague J'ourosal, Oct 6.

THE HAGUE, OCT. s.—His Royal Highness the Prince of Orange'
set out yesterday evening for Antwerp, to be present at the Assembly of
the Notables of Belgium, which is soon to meet in that city, to consider
of means to restore tranquillity and order. The Minister of the Interior,
M. la Coate, 31. Gobbelschroy, Minister of Colonies, and the Duke of
Urscl, are also gone thither.
Her Majesty the Queen, and their Royal Highnesses Prince Albert
of Prussia and his consort, passed through Utrecht on Saturday, where
they received the most striking proofs of the attachment of the inha-
bitants to the illustrious family that governs us. A guard of honour of
Students of the University, wearing orange colours, rode a considerable
distance to meet them, and accompanied the carriage, which was drawn
by the people into the city. The people were with difficulty dissuaded
from drawing the carriage of the beloved Princesses out of the city. The
Queen, who accompanied the Royal couple to Amheim, rettancti to
this town on Sunday evening.
It is affirmed that his Majesty has lately appointed Governors of the
frontier fortresses of the northern provinces, viz.—Lieut..Gen. ()onkel.
for Breda; Lieut.. General de Man. for (crane; and 31ajor.General
Vermasen, for Brisle Duc. It is affirmed that those places will be, or
are already, declared in a state of siege.
One of the Brussels Papers proposed to go and surprise the fortresses
of the northern provinces.
The Cr:ll4°l49le, which has now taken the title of Journal of Flan-
ders, and will probably become the Government Paper of that province,
says that the people of Ghent showed but little zeal on the hoisting of
the Brabant flag, and assigns as the reason, that the persons who held
offices under the King still retain them, and possess much influence.—
The Calholique, therefore, is earnest for changes. At all ercnts, it
seems certain that there are many persons in Belgium who are by no
means pleased with the composition of the Provisional and
the other branches of the Administration, and as little with the inhabi.
tants of a Federative Republic.

Prom the Algemcen Hanflelsbcatt of Oct. 6.
AMSTERDAM. OCT. o.—As the insumetion in Belgium spreads more
and more, and daily assumes a more formidable appearance, people anxi-
ously desire that the Government may take measures to preserve an inter-
nal security and internal' tranquillity in the Northern Provinces. It
ought not to be restrained by the fear of increasing the fermentation in
Belgium. This can hardly become greater than it is, and it would be
unpardonable for such reasons, or any other, to expose the good popu-
lation of the kingdom to events which maybe prevented, but cannot'
be repaired.
ANT WERINOCT. 2.—A1l is very tranquil here,'thanks to the strong
garrison and the state of defence iu which the fortress is, but the spirit
that prevails is miserable ; the joy at the triumph of the people at Brus-
sels and other such towns may be read in every countenance; even the
best disposed 'peak against the Government and for the insurgents ;
those who are silent, are so from ,interest or fear ; however, nothing is
to be feared for Antwerp.
The troops have left Vilvorde, and even the prison there is guarded
by citizens of Brussels. Our troops are still cantoned in Mechlen and
the neighbourhood ; the main army, of 8 or 10,000 men, is at Waelhem.
Prince Frederick arrived here this morning. The communication with
Brussels is quite open, and the diligence% come and go regular.
Letters are this moment received, reporting that orders had been given
to several corps to fall back. It is generally believed that for the present
only 141aestrecht and Antwerp will be occupied, till a Prussian army has 'I
entered Belgium ; this will happen sooner than is, perhaps, thought, as
30,000 men are already assembled at Aix-la-Chapelle, and troops are
daily advancing to the frontiers of Belgium. It is generally believed,
and is affirmed in letters from Brussels, that preparations are making
there to act on the offensive. Every moment accounts are received of the
defection of towns, fortresses, and troops.
;THE FOREIGN FUNDS.
A XITERADAN, OCT. o.—Actual Debt, 21 per Cent. sq 38; De.
(erred Debt, 1; Amort Syndic, 41 per Cent. 57 601. Afser 'Change.
The Dutch Funds have again declined considerably to-day. The Actual
Debt, which had been at 35, improved, however, at the close to 361.
There is scarcely any money to be had
Amer Syndic, 31 per Cent. 46 a 491.
Excuswoa ON LONDON.-011C Month, 11 921 a 11 90; Two
Months, 11 87ti a 11 85.
