SLAVERY IN THE UNITED STATES.

!ROM THI CANADA COLONIAL ADVOCATI.

We cut the following advertisement out of a late
Washington National Intelligencer, it tells of a run-
sway Negro—who "is fond of books," reads Eng-
lish, and therefore is not willing to be a slave. "My
fellow Cago,"—and " I purchased him" will sound
harsh in Cnnadian ears. Goo be praised that Caboia
is never likely to feel the greatest curse of republican
America—Unconditional slavery. In the debates of
Congress in the same paper the members say a great
deal about their liberties, omitting however the liberty
they possess of keeping their fellow creatures in bond-
age.. Editor Advocate.
FIFTY DOLLARS REWARD.
" My Fellow Cato absconded from my residence, near Union.
coon House, South Caroilos, in August last. Niels of a yellow
complexion, spare made, and a little above the usual height ; be
has mineral Scars and a nuisher of irregular spots on his face, which
are a shade darker than the surrounding skin. Some of his upper
front teeth are wanting, and be stutters very much, and generally
raises his right hand to his moth when attempting to speak. He
was well furnished with clothes, and carried with him a large ivory
handled carving knife.
Cato is perhaps upwards of thirty years of age. reads English,
and Is fond of books. lie was raised In the city of Washington, and
will probably attempt to make his way to Obi*, or some of the
Eastern States. He has in possession several anliesies of good
character signed by Gentlemen of respectability, which he obtained
before I purchased him, and probably may have fabricated cent.
States of his freedom.
" The above reward will be paid for his apprehension and ten.
hnernent iu any jail in the United States, so that I get him.
Feb. 6, 1626. " DAVID JOHNSON."

DANCINO AND SKAITINCIe...A brother of Stnor
Giordani was with him when in Dublin : he was a
first-rate dancer. They had their Italian Opera at the
Smock Alley Theatre ; and soon after the opening
Giordani, the fine dancer, who could not speak Eng-
lish, came to the pit-door, and, as lie was free of the
house, expected to be admitted to sit an.l see the play.
The door-keeper, not knowing him, refused to let him
in ; at the same time people were entering, paying their
money, &c. Giordani suddenly hit upon his expedient—
stepping back, he gave a apt ing and caper in the fist
style of his graceful and elegant talent. The door-
keeper immediately knew who he was, and with a low
bow admitted him into the pit. This fine dancer Gior-
dud was also a fine skaiter. He skaited a mile in a
minute ; and, on one leg only, faster than the most
expert could upon two. He had a string stretched
about four feet high from the ice, and in his full course
used to go fairly over it. When he had his benefit at
die theatre, lie put in his bill that he would skait on the
stage; and thus he managed it : he had a number of
grooves made, and gliding tilt ough these, with his great
proficiency in his dancing at t, displayed all the attitudes
of skaiting to the perfect delight of die vectators.—
VlCeilfes Ifecolic:tions.
The first stone of the great sluices fornfng the en-
trance of the Canal sat Ghent, at Ternenzen, was to be laid un
Tuesday last. Ti is expected that thi3 great work will be completed
in two years from the time of its commencement. It will he of
immense importance to that part of the Southern Provinces of the
kingdom, by affording them a means& conveying their produce and
manufactures to the Northern Provincesourd to different parts of
the world.
