public gentle% Hat the Eats et the ewes in a Wry Mall
pass. Here ha woman, by that laws and teams of the Islands la
'lb, West Indies, a sine to her waster—thatk to say. his gelds ag
eba!teis. The master chooses to carry this slave with him to Rat.
land, where they remelts foe a length of time ; the slave, who by
the coartesy of Ifogiaad anus to be a slave, returns with lice
master sohntemilli to the West Ladles, and then the Gowen.
meat Meets who, brciae.by, are West India Meets,
administering the laws of the psetiadar Idand--aeis.. the +Lye,
t alleging, that having mat set her foot on British amend she
la fate, sad consequently not the property of her master.
—.The master brings his action, and obtains a decki,o in his
favour; against this decision an appeal Is made, which I .orerSrovtit.t.
rejects with teas, on the ground that the mother country cannot
Interfere wish the laws tithe Bridals Colonies. A contray deeisict
wobid have led to the destructive' of Colonial property', for is not
to
be supposed. that the slaves could have easily participated in that
freedom of Grace without exhibiting some of that divostan
whisk 1,11111 but too. manifest same few years since, and which en:
daagered the safety of the Colonies. We do not enter into ty'
abunietientio•
of humanity, which, however highly it is to be
prised, is.neverthelcas foreign to the use in Tiestion. Nero ttli
question M. whether a subject of..the, colonies, laving a itates
right in a slave, choosing to carry that slave with him on hit
travels, does, in consequence of domiciling him for a time it
Eaglaud, thereby deprive himself of the right to retain that?...
petty when be returns to the Island? It has been decided
by Lord Srowaax, that the English law will not reach the Colnnt,s•
However asniabk the principles of buntaoity may be, it wcof, t
much to be regretted that they should operate to the injury of ,g,
Colonists. If they are virtually bad, they ought to be revisa ;
but while the Colonial Laws recognise slavery, any inltaciiun tif
them to snit the " march bf intellect" would not map be unjust dtd
impolitic, but highly dangerous.
