“ PLAN OF DEFENCE.

• "The moment the alarm gun has announced the appearance of
an hostile feet upon our shores, and has resounded from mountain
to mountain; the moment the whole nation has been informed that
an obdurate enemy seeks to insult the territory of the Republic, and
that the country calls upon its sons to assemble in its defence, every
Hayden ought Instantly to quit his occupations, and take up arms.
Every means ought to be employed by him to destroy his enemies
and preserve his wife and children from slavery ; intent only on
saving his country front an ignominious yoke, every means in his
power ought to be considered good and legal. The war brought
against them being in itself opposed to the eternal principles of jus-
tice, as well as religion and humanity, the invinitd are thus autho-
rized by their enemies themselves to treat them nut as friends and
brethren, but rather as tigers thirsting atter their blood and that of
their families. Having taken up arms in so just a cause, they pledge
fidelity to each other, and at the foot of the altar of the Muse thou,
they severally put up thefollowing prayer :-
4. ' ALL-reweave'. BEING, *llO has created man for happiness and
liberty, without which no virtue can exist, we bend before thy Om-
nipotence at this awful moment, and pray thee to weigh our cause
in the impartial scales of justice. If we are the aggressors—if in
this enterprise we trespass against the laws thou hast established
for our relations with other men, whom thou ordajnest us to treat
as bretliren—if we take up arms to deprive them el the unalien-
able rights thou thyself lust granted to them—in that case, we pray
thee to strike us to the dust. But if our enemies are they who
trample under their fret those brotherly relations which thou but
established anion nivu—'Len treat them as we above ask to be

WallAth. Absolve u from the constquenees of that war of ex:
termination which, berme thee, we swear to wage against them,
upril they shall disappear from our land.
4. Such Will be the prayer of every Harlan.
" The bold Haytians, relying on the justice of their cause, en-
camped on the hills overlooking the sea, behold the enemy's columns
land upon their shores, and, confiding in the zeal of their chiefs,
calmly see them approach their positions, without attempting to
disturb them ; but as soon as night has cast her veil over the earth,
the Haytians in small detachments approach their invaders, and
prevent refreshing sleep from relieving their wearied frames after
a long voyage. On the following day they harass them unceas-
=all sides, inviting the enemy to pursue them, yet, without
g them an opportunity to come to an engagement ; for why,
brave Haytians, should you expose yourselves against an enemy
whom your sun will have exterminated in a few days? You
ought only to fight against those who shall have escaped from
the darts of this your powerful auxiliary, when they shall
have scattered themselves on the surface of your invaded land.
To ilsk against them on their arrival would be madness. Your
Gary would not be to gain pitched battles, but to drive them even-
"idly- out of your country. Thus will the wisdom of your Chiefs
ink the impatience of your warriors. Already everything that
alid.be of service to the enemy has been destroyed or poisoned;
the resources of the country have been cheerfully annihilated not
to fall into their hands. The Haytians keep only those roots and
plants for their subsistence which, unseen, propagate in the bosom
of the earth—all the rest have been carried away or destroyed.—
Thus do they continue to carry on a war of marches and counter-
marches against their enemy, guarding only the defiles in the
mountains which lead to the recesses in which their families are
hidden. Their plan of warfare will be ambuscades, and attacks on
posts, or convoys the enemy may seek to send into the interior.--
cavalry, stationed on the plains, will shine in this partisan
warfare, in obtaining advantages over an enemy uuprovided with
horses. Thus will the Chief of a free country know how to hus-
band the blood of his children, whom be leads on to the perils of
war in the just defence of their country and freedom, whilst those
tyrants who seek to destroy us, send over their hirelings to be ex-
posed to butchery for the purpose of enslaving their fellow-crea-
tures, with whose freedom they are alended.
" A few weeks have already passed over, their heads, and they
are seised with the yellow fever, which Is already committing ra-
vages in their ranks. Sal, Hayden, tide is not time for an attack.
Be patient. Let the scourge spread mad destroy. Your avenging
sun aids in your defence. Continue to harem, and don't attack
them. Force them to move during the moments of a burn lhg sun,
and allow theth no repose during the freshness of the night. Let
them be cohtinually reminded of the crime they are committing—
let their hours of slumber be moments of torment. Three months
have now elapsed, and the epidemic fevers are at their greatest
height—this, Hayden', is the moment to strike the blow. Re-
double your efforts, display your whole strength, and drive these
unjust invaders from youriand by open force. Drive them from
the interior towards your burnt towns. • The sea shore is already
covered with the bodies of their comrades. Should they embody
and fortify themselves, force them to live on provisions unsuited to
the climate : surround them closely, and leave the rest to nature.
flews will they be compelled to embark to save the remnant of a
inimelle army, and this one victory gained, you will never again
be iced. Remember the past, and always bear In mind that you
ere Ma does stronger than ever you were before. You will be amply
rewarded for all your sacrifices. Take courage andpersevere.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE SO, 1824.
THE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols opened this morning at 966, but soon afterwards some
heavy sales were made, which caused them to lower to 951,1, for
the Account, owing, it is said, to an Express having arrived, bring.
ing the French Renter somewhat lower. Up to the present time
Consols are 94, 96.
