NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

A PPOINTIMITS.—Captain Edward Rothetam, C.B. of Stonehouse,
is appointed a Captain of Greenwich Hospital; lieutenant Orbell
Oakes, Flag Lieutenant to Vice- Admiral Plampin, is prOmoted to
the rank of Commander, and Mr. J. B. Cragg, Admiralty Mid-
shipman of the Semiramis, to the rank of Lieutenant, on the Ad-
miral's striking his flag as Commander-in-Chief on the lri,h station;
Lieutenant E. Kelly, late of the Pike schooner, paid off at Ply-
mouth, is promoted to the rank of Commander; Mr. J. Wallte-
is re-appointed Assistant-Surgeon of the Vigilant ketch ; Lieuter
nant W. Morgan, late First of the Windsor Castle, is promoted to
the rank of Commander.

The Endeavour, Paws, from Liverpool to Liebau, ran on shore
near Skanor, coast of Sweden, on the 14th instant, and is expected
to he wrecked: crew saved. _ _

The N orthirmbria,ll;;Cir, from Memel to London, rart on
shore at Dragoe on the 16th instant.
DEAL, MAY 24.—Wind S.S.W. to S.W.—Arrived the Far.
quharson, CILUIRSHANE, from China; Eden, SLADIK, from Ja.
maica ; British Monarch, PIARSON, from Bahia. Arrived from
London the Asia, BALnwrox, for India; and Malcolm, Erw,
for Madras.

MAT 42. 5.—W ind S.W. to W.S.W.—Arrived the Kains trans.
port, from Gibraltar; Alfred, GRILLS, from the Mediterranean;
Tweed, Caow, from Madeira; Thalia, —, from Jamaica; and
Ann and Elizabeth, KIINDRZW, from the South Seat.
FALMOUTH, MAY 23.—Wilid S. F..
May 44.—Wind S.E. to W.S.W.—Arrived the Nncton packet,
from Brazil—sailed from Pernambuco 18th February, and from
Rio Janeiro 18th March.

Toasty, May 24.—Arrived off pert the Thomas, FLIMYNO,
from Teneriffc; Skylark, Davis, from Smyrna; and Emma, BETTS,
from Cadiz.

Gusawszr, MAT 24.—Arrived the Carl Johan, --, from
Benecarlo; Love, Caicos, from Dantzig; and Feria, Mrraiiint,
from Copenhagen.
JERSRY, MAY 21.—Arrived the Atalanta, —, from Dantzig.
BRISTOL, MAT 24.—Arrived the Steadfast, BARTON, from Bar.
badoes; Fortitude, from Lisbon; Swift, from Bourdeaux ; and
Sylvanus, from Memel.
Livaaroon, 24.—Arrived the Alveto, ASH FORD, from Ja-
maica; Hamilton, Writiams, from New Orleans; and London,
from Alexandria. Off port the Canmens, --, from Oporto:
Passengers by the St. George, Captain SWAINSOt, for Madras and
Calcutta, which sailed from Liverpool on Tuesday last, her ap-
pointed day:—Mrs. Ritchie, Miss Graham, Miss %I. Graham,
Miss Magrath, N. S. Cameron, Esq. H. E. I. C. Civil Service;'
Captains Watkins, Dalzell, and Gray; Lieutenants Walter Scott
and Horne; Messrs. Ritchie, Ogilvie, Magrath, and Williamson.
PORTSMOUTH. MAT 24.—Wind S. to S.S.W.—Arrived the Co
met, Hiv►Tr, from Gallipoli Arrived from London the Georgina,
WA RRES, for Berbice. Passed the Lord Lyndoch, BEADLE, for
Madras and Calcutta.

MAILS •saran Taus DAT—Dublin, 1; Waterford, 1 ; Guern-
sey and Jersey, 1; Holland, 1 ; Flanders, 1 ; France, 1 ; Brazil, 1.

FROM TOR MANUIRIAZ TRLIGRATH.

The Galatea, 42, Captain Sir Charles Sullivan, Bart
arrived on Thursday, after a quick passage from Malta,
having sailed thence on the evening of the 4th inst. Na-
varin, Modon, and Alex.rndria,were under blockade, by
the ships of this and the French nation. The Russian
squadron, which was expected to be reinforced by six
sail of the line from the Black Sea, had proceeded to
the Archipelago. The Ocean, bearing the flag of Vice
Admiral Sir E. Codrington, with the ?Etna and Infernal
bombs, were lying at Malta. Tne French Admiral de
Rigny was at Smyrna. The Warspite, with some
French ships, were cruizing off Navarin; she was shortly
to proceed to ./Egina, to communicate with Count
Capo d'lstria. The Glasgow and Dryad were off Alex-
andria ; the former will return to England on being
relieved by the Blonde. The Isis, with the broad pen-
dant of
,Sir Thomas Staines, was still at Carabbsaefol-
lousing up, with great activity, destruction to piracy in
that quarter. All accounts agree in stating that a very
c,ochal feeling exists with the Russian and French
Officers towards those of Great Bri•ain, but it is under-
stood that between the Russians and French there is not
evidently that friendly understanding which marks the
intercourse of both with the English. During the short
period the Galatea was at Alexindi ia, on the occasion
of conveying Colonel Craddock, for the purpose of hold-
ing a. communication with Mohammed Paella, the
officers and men generously sub,cribed a sufficient sum
of money to redeem from slavery one of the females,
included in that hapless number, who were cruelly torn.
from the Morea by the Egyptians. The Galatea spoke
the Talbot, on the 7th, on her passage from Marseilles
to Malta, and called off Algiers, where the Consul corn•
municated that an Algertne vessel had captured a
French Frigate, by surprise, and carried her into Bona.
The Galatea it is expected, will convey our Ambassa-
dor, Lord Heytesbury, to St. Petersburg)).
The Challenger, 28, Captain Fitzclarente, may be
hourly expected from Lisbon. She sailed from the Tagus
on the Bth hot. •
Arrived this morning the Onyx transport, Lieutenant
Decceurdoux, Agent,-with stores end invalids, under
charge of .Dr.; Milletsfeertri Malta, after a long passage ;
and the Amity transport from Deal,
The Spartiate, 76, Captain. F. Warren, with the flag
of Vice-Admiral Lord Aurelius Beauclerk, K.C.B. ar-
rived on Thursday, from Lisbon, after a tedious paisage
of 22 days, having left the Tagus on the Ist inst. The
Spartiate has brought home, besides her own comele.
orient of Royal Marines, that detachment of the corp
which garrisoned Fort St. Julien, and which were wi;hi
drawn -from the Fort on the 29th ult. Hii Lordship
struck his flag this afternoon, and the Spartiate came
into harbour, to be docked and refitted.
The Lyra, 10, Captain Kingcombe, and the Falcon,
10, Xieetenant W. F. Lapidge, arrived this morning
from Plymouth. They bring about twenty thousand
pounds in specie, which the British merchants shipped.
on board these vessels on their leaving the Tagus on the
13th inst. This shipment is not to be construed into any
alarm on the part of the British merchants, as to the
security of their property at Lisbon, but to be consi-
dered in the light only of a mercantile remittance.—
The Terror bomb, Captain D. Hope, was hove down
at Lisbon for repairs. The Falcon will come into har-
bour to be paid off, and her crew turned over to the
Spartiate.
Thursday arrived the Southworth transport, Lieutea
,nant Sanders, Agent, in. 33 days from Bermuda, 16 of
which she has been struggling in the Channel. Arch.
deacon Spencer and Lady, Lieutenants Nugent and
Mackenzie, of the 96th Regiment, Mrs. Hire and fa.
mily, and Mrs. Hutchinson and family, are among the
passengers by her. She brings home returned stores of
various descriptions, with naval and military invalids,
and a few pardoned convicts. The convicts at Bor.'
muda were proceeding rapidly with the dock-yard and
breakwater, the latter of which had been carried out
into 45 feet water. The Columbine, 18, was the only
man of war left at Bermuda. Rear Admiral Sir Chas.
Ogle, with the Hussar, 46, Tyne, 28, and Acorn, 18,
having sailed for Halifax on the 10th ultimo. The
Contest gun-brig was daily expected with a supply of
specie. The Manly was at Newfoundland. The South.
worth is ordered to discharge her stores at Woolwich
and Deptferd, and will take round an Officer and 70
Royal Marines from the Spartiate to the Chatham di-
vision, which men lately formed part of the garrison of
Fort Sr. Julien, in the Tagus.
Seers ax &mean—Wellesley, Galatea, Lyra, Falcon, Royalist.
In Harbour—Victory, Spartiate.
-Arroumises—Commander Wm. Haydon, Lieuterant Jebb,
Mr. Scott, Master; Dr. Rutherford, surgeon; Mr. J. Jacobs,
purser; Captain Fleming, and Lieutenant Barton, R.M. to the
Vfindsor Cistle guard ship at Plymouth; Capt. Edward Rotberam,
C.B. to be a Captain of Greenwich Hospital; Commander John
Kingcombe and Lieut. T. Gooch, to the Wellesley; Commander
C Bentham, to the bluseoko ; Commander R. H. Stanhope, to
the Helicon.

CLERICAL INTELLIGENCE.

CAMBRIDGE, Mar 43.
Wednesday, at a congregation, the following degrees were con-
ferred:

MASTER OT ARTS.
Reverend Russell Skinner, Sidney College.
RACHRLORI OT ♦Rif.
-

------- -- -----
Thomas Bond, Trinity College.
Edward Holland, Trinity College.
Henry Roper, St. John's, College.
Samuel Barker, St. Peter's College.
George Robertson Barclay, Catherine Hall.
Yesterday the Reverend John Lodge, M.A: Fellow of Magda-
lene College, and Librarian of the University, was unanimously
el,cted Principal Librarian, in the room of the late Reverend T.
Krrrick, B.D.

Wednesday, W. H. Hanson, B.A. of Clare Hall, was elected a
Foundation Fellow of that Society.
Wednesday, Harry Longueville Jones, B.A. and Edward Dodd,
B. A. of Nlagdalene College, were elected Fellows of that Society.
The Chamcrllor's gold medal for the best English poem by a re-
sident undergraduate, was yesterday adjudged to Christopher
Wordsworth', of Trinity College—Subject," The Invasion of RR*.
sia by Napoleon Bonaparte."
