ARRIVALS AT CHELTENHAM.

Lord Lisburne, the Baroness Nolekens, Rev. Dr. Steele, General
and Mrs. O'Laghlin, Captain Brett, Rev. Dr. Moore, Hon. Vesey
Knox, Lieutenant-Colonel Hendewre, Admiral and Mrs. Young,
Captain W. Duckett&ld, Captain Brett, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur and
family, and A. Stoughton, Esq.

COURT OF CHANCERY-TIIIS DAY.

JUDGMENT.
THE DUKE 0. LEEDS V. THORPE.

Mr. HORNE begged to call the attention of his Lord-
ship in this case, which arose out of an application made
by the noble plaintiff, for an injunction to restrain the
defendant from breaking certain grounds, for the pur-
pose of getting coals from beneath the same. On the
hearing of the case, the injunction was granted by the
Vice-Chancellor, which was afterwards appealed from
by the defendant, to the Lord Chancellor, who was
pleased to confirm the injunction. Some further pin-
ceedings then took place, and an action was brought by
the Duke, who recovered a verdict' with damages, thus
settling the question as to the right of the Duke. It
now remained for the Court to say, whether the injunc-
tion should be continued?
The LORD CHANCELLOR—Let the injunction be made
perpetual, and the defendant must pay the costs.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, JAN. it.

THE FIDDLE AND CASE.

Henry Fisher, late of the Auction Mart, auctioneer,
who had been previously before the Court, came up for
final hearing, when Mr. HEATH opposed his application
on behalf of Mr. Johnson, of Southampton-street, Strand,
that Gentleman having attended in popria persona, in
all the previous stages of inquiry.
The principal ground of complaint was, that the
insolvent had, in the course of his capacity as auctioneer,
received three violins, two cases, one gun, one guitar,
and divers pictures, from Mr. Johnson, to sell to the
best bidder beyond a stipulated price. fart were
sold, part brought in, and it was alleged that the residue
was purloined (to wit, a fiddle without a case) by the
insolvent, and that he had fraudulently concealed the
same, both frtim the owner and his creditors generally:
After Mr. HEATH had examined the insolvent at
un-
usual length, as to the mutilation of his books, and in
reference to his disposal of the property entrusted to
him by Mr. Johnson; as also an inquiry from Mr. J.
himself, whose testimony was in direct opposition,
_ _

Mr. MACDOWELL, proceeded to cross-examine both
parties:—Mr. Johnson, pray, Sir, what are you? 1 am
a general painter.—What did you ever paint—an angel
or a red lion ? ( Laughter.) No, never.—Do you not
carry on other businesses than that of an artist beg
your pardon, I should have said, exercise any other
profession.—l am a general dealer, and exchange guns
and other instruments for paintings, and also clean pic-
tures.—An improver upon Sir Joshua Reynolds, 1 sup-
pose ? Yes, sir. (Laughter.)
Mr. HEATU, in his address to the Court, was sur-
prised at the attempt that had been made to derogate
from one of the most noble arts which adorned this
country. Angels and Red Lions had been enquired
about, but Moreland was a sign painter, and that fre-
quently. He (Mr. Heath) knew a recent instance, where
a reclining tow, which had long graced a milk-shop,
in Wardour-street, and which cost only 11. liad been sold
for 6001. He considered that the insolvent had adopted
this method on purpose to burlesque his client.
Mr. MACDOWIILL, in reply, denied this. After which
the Commissioner (HARRIS) observed, that the fiddle
concern had lasted a long time, but he saw nothing con-
nected either with that or the case, which would war-
rant the detention of the insolvent, who was discharged.
Preparations are making at Carlton Palace for the
reception of his MAJESTY, who is expected in town this evening or
to-morrow. Several of his MAJESTY'S attendants arrived" atvehe
Palace from Windsor this morning.
Yesterday afternoon, the Duke of YORK:held a Levee,
as Commander in Chief, at his Office in the Horse Guards, which
was attended by between 40 and 50 Military Officers.
A Board of the Lords of the Treasury was held at
the Treasury Chambers yesterday.
Count LIEVEN gave his first diplomatic dinner on
Sunday last, at Ashburnhatn House.
Lord PALMERSTON left town yesterday, for his beau-
tiful seat in Hampshire, for the purpose of receiving the Duke of
You, and many of the leading Nobility and Gentry. The sports
of the field will occupy attention in the morning, and sumptuous.
banquets in the evening. The series of entertainments will last
about ten days.
•
Yesterday, the dispatches for Bengal and China, by
the ship Hytbe, were closed at the East India House, and delivered
to the Purser of that ship:
An ordonnance of the King of FRANCE, dated 15th
of December, orders the levy of 6,000 men of the class of 11124. •

THE ANMt.

The 31st Regiment of Infantry. ordered to nnrth ta.mon.,
from Gosport to Chatham, will arrive there 0r.., the 21st
preparatory to its proceeding to Gravesend em b..7k fur
on or about the 3d of February.
The 2d Foot will also embark at the same tithe and place.
It is said that the 97th Foot will embark far Ccy:on,ai,our ,;
latter end of March.

A detachment belonging to the 99th Regiment of Foat, has bpi
ordered to MidUngar, to recruit for that corps.
The head-qoatters of the 63d Foot is removed frqui Nsa,
Newry. Two Companies of the Regiment are ordered tt, :)ragbic
and one from Trim, to Armagh. Another Company frc.:n
low to Newry.
[For Military Promtions see first rage.)

INDTA.—AUGMENTATION TO THE ARMY.
FORT WILLIAM, Jt.. LY N, I 8.2 t
At the recommendation of his Excel!ency the ConnaN,itc.„
Cams, an augmentation is authorised to each company of !vz3i,
Infantry of the Line, of one havildar, one :I .ick, and tell nt
front the receipt of these orders; and bis Excellency
adopt measures for giving prompt effect to this augmenta.i.,:l
the 25th and 40th Regiments, now•on foreign service.

Four Flank Battalions, two of Grenadiers, and two of Lig!!
fantry, of ten companies each, are dNu authorised to be ;ern
such stations, and from such corps 34 his Excellency mas
with the usual Staff and est.blishmentq of the regular itegimet
and of the increased strength per company, as ahove autlwi,rd.
Supplementary companies will be formed to ;he same arc':
strength, in the several corps furvi,ling compani-s to rHi
Battalions; and bouncy clothing is authorise,l both for the add i,
levy of 120 non-commissioned officers and privates to each relr:c.;
and for the Supplementary companies.

NAVAL I.I,I*ELLIGE.% GE.

The Ebor, BARRINIAN. frOm Petersburgh to London, :
into the Humber leaky, and part of her cargo thrown overb.,..
Forty-two shipwrights and ten caulkers, were discharg..l r;,l
Chatham Dock-yard on the Eth inst. and a further tiisch.
forty-one shipwrights is to take place on the 15th inst. 'Air 1;
duction has been ordered by the Admiralty Board, in canseil:r.;:,
!of the shipwrights and caulkers having IR taloned against 11;ing
played in the inferior situations of r•cave:nien, sawy:rs, ash! 1..
bnurers, which plan was adopted about three Tears :Lace, t,.
vent the necessity of a large reduction. The nun►hrr
in Chatham Yard, will now be brought down to t'ae
establishment of about 1400.

The floating light-vessel and the red buoy whicb were fae,!
the mouth of the Elbe. to mark the entrance to tliat t.,
disappeared; and there is evcry reason to fear, that the ve,,cei
all on beard are lost. The Ines of the light vessel and buoy ratic,
the approach to Cuxkaven difficult and dangerous.
FALMOUTH, JAN. 10.—Wind N.E. light breeze.—Sailed ba )!1.
jesty's ships THIMS, ORESTES, PT LA ORS, CHAMPION, JASPeR, J.
Csmat.ros, on an experimental cruize.
PLYTIOIITH, JAN. o.—Wind W.N. W. and variable.—Sai:c2.:::
Providence, CAWLEY, for Sierra Leone.
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 11.—Wind N.—Arrived from the Dv.
the Lady Campbell, Lime, for India. Sailed the Lord Sulr;_.
Diraat.t., for Madras; and the Stella, Stairsota, for Newcattl-.
DEAL, JAN. 11.—Wind N.W. light breezes.—rassed
the Lady Campbell, for India. Sailed the Kaii:s transport, ;.;
Woolwich.

s

CORN, JAN. B.—Arrived the 'Flame Sisters, l'Ai.Locu. from fr
nidad ; Brougham, BILL, from St. John's, New Brunswick ; ~r

the Jackson,Havg, from Ncerfuundlan.i.
LIVIMPOOL, JAN. 10.—The Halc‘ren, from New Brunswick, nr:
got off on-Saturday, and is nc,w in the Brunsw!ck Dock Basiu.
cargo of the Leeds, bound to New York, will prove to be vti

• gee rally Ye!et. -
AIRRILITILN, JAN. B.—On the 4th inst. the Pursuit, (AMSTER, .1--
rive(' here, front Lerwick, with twenty-two of th. crew of the!
Dundee, of Louden,. from Davis' Straits:, She htirg itt such a leak;
state as to be unfit for sea until repaired in the Spring.
LIGHT-HOUVE, COAST OW FINI.AND.—Epraet of a letter front t!
agent to Lloyd's at Helsingfers, dated Nov. 6 :—'• On the !WIC.,
the Light-house atPercala, or Itonnikors,was lighted for the firs: tease
in a new manner, to enable mariners to distinguish it front :Pe
Nargo revolving A light ors minute and a half dumb:,
4. .Darkneas for abut .15 seconds. Z. A light from a revolvinti*
fra'etor of 20 seconds' duration. 4. Again darkness for AhOhit. Zsx-
esxtds ; thus continuing to change four times in every three D'illiatee
EAST INDIA SHIPPING.
ARRIVID AT S T. lIELKNA.—.IIIe '111,1111.15, Winspear, frunt I.•t.

don, the 18th Nov. 1824.
The Olive Branch, Anderson, at rived in the Downs from the
Cape of Good Hope, sailed auth Octc.ber; left there, loading for
London, the Alacrity, Finlay ; Atittlope,--; Arethusa, ST:•n;,.
SHIPS APPOINTED TO TAIL PROM New SOUTH WA Punt:
Regent, Wales, for Van Dictum's Lard, Mauritius, and Lonti-t,
the 21st August ; the Prince Regent, La:nb, for London direct,t;
10th October ; the Countess of Elarcotort, Burne, for :h.: New SI.
dement on the North-west coast of New Holland, the 23,1
CUSTOM HOUSE, JANUARY 11.

5H111.3 F.:STRRED 114WARDs--The Sir Joseph Banks, and Ben
Lomond, from St. John's; the Trois Amin, from An:werp;
Robert, from Ostend; the Aliciss, from New St:eth Wars; the
Mary,from HUM
ENTIRND OUTWARDS—The Heron, for Calais; the Lady Negev!,
fot Madras; the Gilmore, for Calcuttai the Success, fur Trirste;
the Queen Elizabeth, and Messenger, for Dublin ; the 3laiviaa,
for HAVannah. .

CLEARING OUTWARDS—The Vrow Teregina, for Rotterdam; the
Marquis of Anglema, for Jamaica; the Margery, fur Bahia ; the
Repulse, for India ; the Equity, for Trieste.

The Right Honourable Lord Le DESPENCER has
been pleased to appoint the lionottrabje and Reverend MILE% Joss
STAIrLITON of Magdalen College, Cambridge, one of his Lordships
Domestic 17haplains.
The arrangements between the Managers of Cnven!-
Garden Theatre and Miss FOOTS are concluded to their =tell 5.1*
tisfaction; and on Tuesday evening, Miss Foovx will:perform Letitia
Mandy in Mrs. Cow Lair's Comedy of The Belle's Stratagem.
A new Tragedy, called -Orestes, has just been real of
the Green-room of Covent-Garden Theatre, OW report trio
most favourably of its merits. CHAIM= Ronne if the hero of the
play, and Mrs. BARTLEY the matronly heroine. The Managers are
so sanguine relating to the success of this Tragedy, that they have
engaged a very distinguished artist to superintend the scenery mil
dresses, both are to be most splendid, and in perfect costume.
Mr. MACREADY, whose indisposition has been so
sudden and so severe, was on Monday evening in the grate.:
danger. The violent Teets of the fever, however, subsido.l yes-
terday. His health has sustained so great a shock, th it the phy•i•
clans have recommended him to go down to Devonshire, by very
-easy stages, in order to renovate it. The popular Tragedy of Tit:
Fatal Dowry is, of necessity, suspended for six weeks or two
moni?at, until the return of Mr. MACREADY.
DEATH Or Dr. LINDSAY, BISID)P OF KILDARE.--
Thursday last, we regret to announce, this venerable Prelate paid
the 'debt of nature, at his Episcopal residence, Gl.,suevin. tits
Lordship was consecrated in 1804. Ile was the brother of the
Scotch Earl of DMA:ARRAS and brother-in-law to the Earl of llSaw
viten& He was Dean of Christ's Church; and was translated front
,the &e of Killaloe, to which he had been elevated in Inn°.
Two ships have been lately built in Sir Router
WIGRAM'S yard, for the Colombian pearl fishery, with
diving bells, and are Neatly equipped. One is shortly
expected to be launched, and the other also in the
course of a few weeks, and will proceed to commence
the pearl fishery.
CORONERS INQUEST.—Yesterday afternoon, an in'
quest was held at St. Andrew's Workhouse, on the b ,dY
of Diana Brandon, a child three months old, who was
supposed to have been murdered by its mother. The
mother of the child was a servant to Mr. Phtrer, of No.
22„10hn-street. A fellow-servant having observe] 4
strong offensive smell to proceed from Brandon's Ira,
opened it, and there discovered the deceasa-d child, in a
putrid state. The surgeon was of opinion that no
vio-
lence had occasioned its death. The mother of the
child was called into the room, and the account she
gave of the child's death was, that being unable to sup-
port it, she was proceeding with it to her friends in
Wiltshire; while on the coach the child cried, site pat
it to her breast, and imagined it went to sleep ; but oil
looking at it she found it was dead. She was uneasy
lest she should be charged with murder; she put it int,'
the box, and did not knuw what to do, with it.--Toe
Jury returned a verdict of Natural Death.

41 N
I. ql
el al

ten(
Cori

Ares
beer

to d
own
Edii
avoi
adm

A
me
cult
is a

burl

Up(
tors,

50M
the

"its
tC
"

II fi
Is ti

ma
Pal
giv

" t
it c
tha

tail
171
IR

len
he
thr

'as

1 t.
SA*
{6O

aid
-lis
the
ont.

dy
vas
"he
Jo.

cACit
n 4

WEST INDIA SLAVERY.

LETTER XII—PART IV. •
is CONTINUATION FROM TIES STAR OF MONDAY.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
T!,e Reviewer has said, 44 No precedent exists of free
NeZTOCS having performed the duties uecessasily re-
wii•ed in the cultivation of sugar, in such a manner
.
35 to afford profit to their employer."
All the cases which I have been able to collect, have
tended to prove, that the Reviewer had stated a fact
ccriccdy.
From the day of the publication of that fact to the
7:e,ent, I am not aware that even-one instance has
f.'cri adduced, by ANGLUS, or any writer of his party,
iiprove the assertion, as applicable to capitalists
;,Ruing lends, buildings, Bcc. The last Number of the
E:hAurgh Review, on the West India Question, has
~v( lied this part of the subject, although it has been
admitted to be the most important part of it.
NGLUS, with the statement of the Quarterly Revie%
him, asks the Reviewer, if " he tears 'that la-
- i)curers could be hired to assist in manufacturing
sugar if adequate wages were offered ?" This mode
putting a question, as an answer to the statement of
the Review, may be convenient to ANGLE'S, but it can-
t& be satisfactory to the Reader, ssho is solely anxious
to discover the real truth.
AsoLus, however, says, that in some parts of the
East Indies, large plantations of ,sugar, belonging to
Europeans, are conducted entirely by means of hired
:elnur, through the agency of Chinese. The only at;
tempt, with which I am acquainted, to introduce the
Ciiine6e into our West India Colonies, was in Trinidad,
where their at e European proprietors of sugar estates,
Indians, Peons, and other free labourers working on
particular services for hire, when they can be induced
to work at all.

For whatever purpose these Chinese were sent to Tri•
tidal, it appears to have failed ; and Mr. Stephen, in
1 Pamphlet, entitled " The Dangers of the Country,"
page 190, distinctly disapproved of their introduction
:or the object stated by
.him. "It is reported," says
he, " that a great number of Chinese have lately been
" carried, by whose procurement I know not, to that
Island" (Trinidad). "It is impossible here to expose
" the false views on which such an experiment to settle
" the new lands byfree labourers, has been built ; but 1
" seize this opportunity to protest publicly against it,
•
"as a prepostetuns and cruel experiment."
In my Fifth Letter, 1 shewed that ANOLUB, in bring-
;ig forward the cultivation-of sugar in the East Indies,
by hired labour, had omitted to supply the Public with
sny information, suck as Mr. Whitmore correctly states
to be necessary in forming an opinion on any case
which involves the principles of political economy, de-
pendent on the difference between the natural and the
market price of wages.
This information the Public had the greater right to
expect from ANGLUS, as, so recently as the llth Sep-
tember, 1822, a Committee had reported to the Court
of East India Directors, as follows :—" At the date
" (15th March, 1792) of the former proceedings of the
" General Court, there was no very distinct information
" upon record of the past or present state cf the cul-
ture of sugar in Bengal and the adjacent provinces.
tt wai matter of general belief, that every part of India
predsced sugar, and had done so from time imme-
" morial : but the publications of that day (very un-
fortnnately as your Committee view it) greatly misled
"Me Butish Public, by asserting that the commodity
" was so abundant, and the price so low, that Indian
"sugar could be obtained in any quantity, at about ss.
" sterling per cwt. •
And it is rather singular, whilst /talcum is recom-
mending to the West Indians the East India mode of
cultivating the sugar cane, that at this moment there
is a pamphlet, praised by him and noticed in the Edin-
burgh Review, wherein the West India mode of menu-
iacturing sugar is recommended to the East Indians.
Upon which subject the Report to the Court of Direc-
tors, page 101, notices many failures.
It surely, therefore, was reasonable to have expected
some details from ANOLUS on those points upon which
the question in some measure turned.
I do not pretend to supply all that might be done; to
chew that ANoLus has omitted the statement of impor-
tant facts; but the opinion of Mr. Treves, the Political
Resident at Benares, in page 191 of the Report, already
quoted, is deserving of serious attention on the question
of cultivating sugar by European capitalists, with free
labour in India. " It would then be necessary," says
the Political Resident, " to purchase bullocks, make
"ploughs, collect manure, &c. for it is impossible to
"set out upon any attempt of this kind, with any, the
" slightest reliance for assistance from the natives. Oc-
" casionally they might plough and water for him, but
"he must be known to have resources within himself,
"by having bullocks, ploughs, &c. otherwise he will
"never be able to induce the ryot to work for him, but
"upon terms that would be ruinous." Again he says:
" Farther, the European must 'give high daily wages to
"all his people; he must keep an establishment of
"Sirkars, Peons, &c. &c. ever connected with European
",erection in India; besides being liable to innumerable
"deceptions, which nothin4 but long and dear-bought
"experience can enable him to detect. A ryot, on
'the contrary, prepares his plantations with the same
"cattle that plough his other lands, 11 is whole family
"'mock upon it, and though it is true that these must be
"fed, still they are, maintained for one fourth which
" they would expect to receive if at day wages."
litre, then, is given the ratio between the natural and
market price of Wages in Benares at that time. In
193, et seq. the market rate of wages is thus
Oen," according to the current rates and practice of the
4°116" " Coolies work for holing the ground round
"the plants fourteen timei, each hoeing requiring eight
Itbtuiers ; in all 112, at three piece, or 336 piece, at
.k
i 64 per rupee. sr. 4a." But, in page 194, it appears
"4t those Coolies who were employed in manufactur-
ma tlie cane-juice received only 2it I,iece each
_ per day.
'"at aas tne market price of wages in the Pergunnah
ner•
elle (Jhazeepoor ; but in the Pergunnah of Bela-
the market price of wages of Coolies, both in the
•••d and in the manufactory, amounted only to half
au!,4 2
ta. piece per day ; and in the Pergunnah.of
1.444 r the wages were the same. Assuming the ai-
r' 0 1,-ar as high a value as 2s. Bd. sterling, and that

:I.pr,l6ring 1792, and 1795, the sugar imported into Great Bri-
t" 11 the East Indies, by the Company, afforded a profit ;
.
-; 179; ivkme years of loas. From 1796 to 1799, both indu-
't- Furs ::flording profit. From that period to lOU, ex-
,'ll;e veal f 2, the East India Company have sustained a loss
44:'1 Ike importation of sugar. some of these years, vile"
1819, ..i.gsr to some amount was exported from British
441.0 Java; yet the mode of cultivating sugar in 3sva is given
.4.1 d, by Anix., /4.n. the West Indians to follow.

owe mate oath rupee,
'64 •A- -
the highest market price of
labour quoted, will amount exactly to lid. per diem!
It appears difficult Por an Englishman to conceive
how a man can support himself for such a sum, and he
becomes anxious to know the circuinstanees which
have reduced the market price of labour employed in
the cultivation of sugar in India, to lid. a day;
and if it should really be the case, that his subsistence,
or the natural price of labour, is even less than that
sum, it becomes still more important to ascertain the
real state of the comforts and enjoyments of those per-
sons in India who ate urged by necessity, or some
other powerful stimulus, to labour for a sum so small,
as to be less than the value of the daily support or na-
tural price of the labour of a Slave in the West Indies,
even prior to the abolition of the Slave Trade. Appa•
rently nothing could effect this but the influence of
old institutions, and all the miseries incident to the dis-
ttibution of the people into castes.* Here; then, is a
power bearing as heavily on the physical comforts of
the lower classes of society,, as slavery itself; and
hence the approximation of the market and natural
price of wages in India, operates in that climate, as
elsewhere, in causing men to encounter the pain of
labour, that they may obtain the means of subsistence,
and a scale of comfort similar to that of the society in
which they mingle.
Let us now consider how " the variation, arising
" from climate, from civilization, and from peculiar
" habits," influences the natural and market rate of
wages in the West Indies, where the institution of
castes does not, indeed, exist, but where slavery has
been resorted to for accomplishing the same object, for
the advantage of the Proprietors of the soil, buildings,
and machinery.
Mr. Steele, of Barbados, about 1790, computed the
cost of maintaining 300 Slaves, "of all ages and sexes,
" sick or well, able, superannuated, or infants, exclu-
li 'sive of taxes," at 1,2211. Bs. 7d. sterling, per annum,
or nearly 2d. per diem,t which, at the time, might be
assumed as the very lowest natural price of labour,
when the Slave had no power to avail himself of the
circumstances which influenced the market rate of
wages. Whilst, then, the market rate of wages for a
man employed on sugar cultivation in pre East Indies
was only lid. per day, the very lowest natural price of
wages of a Slave in the West Indies, even in 1790, prior
to the abolition of the Slave Trade, was upwards of
66 per cent. higher.
Barbados, however, being one of the most populous
of our colonies, in proportion to its extent, the natural
and market price of wages ought to have been found
most nearly assimilated, and consequently the stimulus
to industry, from necessity, the greatest. Yet, even in•
eluding this colony, where the lowest computation of
the natural price of labour exceeded the highest market
price of similar labour in India, in the ratio of 66 per
cent. ANGLUS has been unable to collect one solitary
case of free labourers in the West Indies, voluntarily
working for wages in cane cultivation, except that of
Mr. Steele, in Barbados; and I have shewn, in my 10th
Letter, that ANOLUS had either misunderstood, or mis.
represented the system of that Gentleman, and its results.'
In St. Domingo, we have seen that the quantum of
exertion necessary to produce subsistence for a week,
was considered by President Boyer, the present Chief
Magistrate of the country, as equal to half an hour's
labour per diem That quantum of exertion, therefore,
formed the natural price of the wages of the individual
agricultural labourer in Hayti ; and if valued in money,
according to the data of Mr. Steele, it would be 2d.
per diem; or, if according to the rate at Cayenne, only
two sous per diem. Supposing both sums to be doubled,
to compensate for erroneous estimates, yet still the
difference between these prices, as sheaving the natural
rate of wages, and the market price of wages, far ex-
ceeds anything which we are in the habit of seeing in
England; for, upon the authorities quoted in my filth
Letter, the market price of labour in St. Domingo, is
one franc fifty cents, or Is. 3d. each, averaging men,
women, and children. In the seaport towns the hire
of a man is a dollar per diem, where, however, his em-
ployment is not likely to be agricultural.
Such a difference between the natural and market
price of labour, as is here exhibited, never being seen,
even in any part of Europe, and the knowledge thereof
carefully suppressed by mere party writers, it is the less
surprising, that its operation on the question relative to
the comparative value of free and slave labour, in West
India Agriculture, should be so little noticed by poli-
tical economists, and writers on this subject.t
M. Say, who professed to found his views of political
economy upon facts only, has indeed noticed it. It
appears that he found such statistical facts respecting
West India agriculture, as induced him to believe that,
in point of fact, slave-labour there was cheaper to the
proprietor of lands, buildings, and machinery, than the
labour of free men, even after allowing for all the risks,
losses by death, and other casualties to which property
in slaves is 'liable. humanity stay regret that such
should be the case, but truth requires that the fact
should be stated as it really is. In 'the West Indies,
the natural price of the wages of the labour of the
Slaves employed in agriculture, costs very little more
than his maintenance; and for this sum, the free Ne-
gro, in that climate, will not exert himself in agricul-
tural labour, whilst the present profits on capital will
not allow the proprietor to give, as the market price of
wages, any sum much greater to the free labourer;
whose labour during the year, therefore, only extends
a little beyond subsistence in value.
In that part of the world, subsistence and ordinary

• There are benevolent people at this moment, endeavouring to
persuade the 'nation, that if sugar were received from the East
lodies for the supply of Great Britain and Ireland, and not from
the West Indies, th,t the labourers in the East Indies, who work
for lid. per diem, will consume more British productions than the
Slaves in the West Indies, who depend on Great Britain, Ireland,
and her other colonies, for everything, except vegetable food, or
fresh meat, and the natural price of whose labour, Is I have
shewn, far exceeds even the market price of the labour of the
Coolie, who, besides, would not use either the salted beef sr pork
of Ireland, or the productions of our fisheries.
It is necessary to observe, that I do •not mean to state, that
the amount *ow given to the Slaves in Barbados for their support,
is only equal to twopeece three-farthings per diem ; because, on
the testimony of Lord Combermere, Sir Henry Warde, and
several other disinterested and distinguished persons, it is known
that the Slaves are there generally well taken care of ; but Mr.
Steele's calculation is taken, because it ie the lowed I have swn
for the English colonies : and yet it was 66 per cent. higher than the
highest market price of wages given in Benue. to labourers em-
ployed in cultivating the cane, about the same period, but rather
later, than when Mr. Steele made the estimate quoted.
- - -

t I have not deemed it necessary to refer to the writings of Mr.
Hodgson and Mr. Cropper, because the reader of them will find,
that they, like Arrows, have not considered this part of the subject,
although the question at issue turned upon it. Mr. McDonnell, in
his late work on " Negro Slavery," has more clearly developed the
principle of M. Say, as given his " Economic Itolitique, 'liv. I.
chap. 19. The rate of profits there assumed by M. Say is now
much seduced, in the English Colonies, from the competition of
producers, who belie& by the slave trade, still illegally carried on,
by the subjects of Foreign Powers.

•• , .
comforts can be libtained with little exertion, and theri-
fore the stimulus of necessity has little effect in urging
the free man to encounter toil in agriculture.
Hitherto, under these circumstances, the Proprietors
of the soil, buildings, and machinery, have been unable
to afford such a stimdlus in high wages, as would in-
duce the free Negroes to labour voluntarily in culti-
vating sugar, because the results of that labour would
not repay the expense incurred; on account of the com-
petition of Colonies cultivating the same article at a
cheaper rate by Slaves, at the natural price of labour.
The free Negroes, on the other hand, never need be
driven to want, because land, the source of subsistence,
is now ef little value, and the sea and the forests afford
food in return, for a small degree of exertion in collect.
ing it, without the aid of capital. To these considera-
tions may be added, the employment afforded in retail
dealings, and the mechanic acts, formerly carried on
by Europeans chiefly.
I am well aware, that time, and time alone, may
bring a remedy for this, but, perhaps, at this distance,
and under our limited acquaintance with all the causes
which influence the natural and market price of wages
in these countries, it will be found the wisest plan to
follow the advice of the Reviewer, in endeavouring to
investigate the truth of those facts 'bearing on this
question, rather than in idly forming theories drawn
from facts imperfectly stated, and not well understood;
and without considering the influence of those causes
which Mr. Whitmore has admitted, under sound views
of political economy, to have a great weight in similar
enquiries. Instead of adopting this plan, ANIMUS
avoids all minute statistical details, which would ena-
ble the reader to judge fot himself. He abounds in
assertions, without proof, and in inferences, without
shewing the reader how they are fairly connected with
the facts from which they are presumed to be derived.
In the course of investigating this important problem,
I am induced to think that I have established that the
great difference between the natural and the market
price of labour,• in raising productions having ex-
changeable value in England,mustpossess a great Influ-
ence on the industrious habits of the free Negroes in the
West ladies, which influence is not felt, or seen, to the
same extent, among the labouring agricultural classes in
England, or even in the East Indies, where the institu-
tion of Castes, kc.equalite these rates of wages, as neces-
sity, and a dense population do in Europe.
In England, where the natural and market price of
agricultural labour neatly equal each other, the neces-
sity of obtaining subsistence, and the usual comforts,
affords a stimulus to that degree of industry and good
conduct which forms the character of the people. In
the West Indies, ' where the difference is so great be-
tween the natural and market price of a year's labour,
the stimulus of necessity to obtain subsistence, and'the
usual comforts, goes very little way in causing the free
labourer to encounter agricultural toil for wages, with
which he may obtain subsistence, and the comforts
arising from continued, moderate, and steady industry.
If the stimulus of necessity produced two months
exertion annually (but the quantum of exertion differs
in almost every Colony), the difficulty still remains to
find a stimulus to produce steady exertion for the rest
of the year. In the West Indies, the stimulus of neces.
sky has net the same powerful operation as in Europe,
or under the influence of Castes, &c. as in India. Slavery
his been instituted to supply the stimulus wanted ; and
the difficult and fearful problem to be solved, is the
substitUtion of an equally ,effectual stimulus.
The desire of betteriug the condition of the labourers
and that of their families, which is a powerful stimulus,
appears, after a due course of preparation, to afford
hopes of success. But it would not be prudent to act
too hastily on the certainty of obtaining our object, if
we are desirous to avoid the failures and evil conse-
quences here detailed, which have attended similar
attempts. For it is necessary to consider:
1. That, in the history of European nations, from
which we derive our hopes of success, the £tlmulus of
necessity, arising from the near approach of the natural
and market price of labour, greatly assisted, whereas,
little assistance from so powerful a stimulus as neces
sky, can at present be expected in the West Indies:
2. At the same time that necessity stimulated la-
bour, the capital created by it, in England for example,
was spent in England ; and the diffusion of that in-
creased capital kept pace with augmented population;
and the growing desire to obtain additional comforts
was gratified by the new capital, annually created,
being spent among the labourers, who were willing to
work for the attainment of these comforts. But in the
West Indies, the new capital annually created, by the
value of the products raised, exceeding those consumed,
is not spent in the West Indies. It is spent in England,
augmenting, indeed, the facilities of the English la-
bourer to obtain the comforts he now enjoys, but, to
that extent, withdrawing those means from distribution
among the original producers in the West Indies. •
3. In England, the market rates of wages of labour
are calculated with reference to the better sort of ordi-
nary food; and the labouring classes, if they economise,
and use inferior food, may obtain a superabundance of
the superior food, which having an exchangeable value,
the amount of such superabundance can immediately
be converted into capital to exchange for other ob-
jects deemed more desirable. Consequently, this super-
abundance of fond, which the market rate of wages
gives them, operates as a stimulus in improving their
condition t but in the %Vest Indies, the superabundance
of such food as corn, yams, plantains, and cassada
(the raising of which would stimulate agricultural ex-
ertions from their being objects of necessity), could not,
if generally cultivated beyond local consumption, be
transformed into capital having exchangeable value in
Europe, because they could not be profitably sent to
England, or sold in the Colonies; and therefore, to a
certain extent, limiting the influence of that stimulus
which arises from the necessity of procuring subsistence,'
and those comforts, to obtain which, by labour, it is
wished to give them a strong desire.
44' The surplus of agricultural industry, which could
be formed into capital, in the West Indies, on account
of its exchangeable value in England, besides being less
connected with subsistence than such surplus is in Eu-
lope, also requires the investment of capital for build-
ings, machinery, &c. in a greater proportion of value
than is required in Europe, for merely raising subsist-
ence : for this reason, a commercial credit is more ne-
cessary and to a greater extent, according to the opera-
tion of physical causes, such as dry seasons, hurri-
canes, &c. This credit, which once existed, has now
been nearly destroyed, thus farther diminishing the means
of production when dependent on capital invested in
' buildings or machinery, which cannot now be so easily
erected or repaired to give full efficiency to that portion
of capital consisting of the labour of men employed in
agriculture, whether slave or free.
S. Therefore, as in all places where the dilferen!ce,

•

bettleen the Itatara‘ and the market Pike of wages, of
free labour has been so great, as it is in the yest Indies,
men have never yet been found to encounter the toil
lof agricultural labour for wages that
.would be pni-
fitible to the Proprietor of the soil, buildings, and Ma:
chinery, in the cultivation of sugar., i:vhiCh is confined
to certain climates; I do not think, under the present
circumstances of the West Indies, that free Negroei
will, for Many years to come, voluntarily hire them-
selves to assist in the production of sugar for a4adequate
wages ;" understanding by the words adequate wages,
such wages as would leave the Proprietor of the land;
buildings, and machinery, adequate profit for the capi-
tal invested. Of the elements of value of which sug:ir
is composed, a great portion consists in the labour of
man employed in planting, weeding, reaping, grinding;
and manufacturing the cane plant.
. •
The elements of value of which ginger is composed, in
like manner, consist chiefl y of the labour of man. Whet eaa
the Cocoa, the coffee, and the cotton, are gathered when
ripe from trees, Which, when once planted in good soil;
on be easily kept up, without much labour; and the
rot of the toil consists merely in gathering and drying
the fruits of those trees when brought to maturity by
the natural ageniy of soil, sun, and rain. The wages
to be paid for gathering such a crop, may in some cases
he high enough to induce a temporary exertion; but
even that degree of votuntary and temporary exertion
appears to be obtained with difficulty, wheel the de-
creased cultivation of these articles and increased popu-
lation of are compared for the years 1788 and 1822.

(To be continued.)

HOUSES OF PA'RLI.4MENT.

The workmen are busily engaged in both Houses of
Parliament, making preparations for the meeting of the
latter on Thursday, Feb. 3. The chief of the usual
works are, the putting down of new matting, cleansing
the seats, reburnishing the chandeliers, &c. Heretofore,
there was generally more to be done, and more activity
displayed in the House of Commons than in that of the
Lords. The contrary, however, is at present the case.
The house of Lords is now the scene of unusual bustle,
owing to considerable portions of the buildings, here-
tofore used as Lords Committee-rooms, &c. h.,vin g
been pulled down in furtherance of the coutemp ated
and ezteusive improvements about the Upper House.
The old lobby, the rooms over it, the communication
with the conference gallery, &c. have all been pulled
down; the former site of those buildiugs is a ruin,
though not a very splendid one. It is Occupied with
scaffolding?
The workmen are now actively engaged in preparing
temporary Committee-rooms for the Lords. To ac-
complish such object, many of those rooms which, wi.h
their pigmy windows, front Palace-yard, and are now
occupied by Officers of the House, and set apart for
Lord Shaftesbury, the Chairman of the Committees, Air.
Birch, Deputy Clerk, &c. are undergoing alteration,
two and three rooms being, thrown into one. Such is
the case with several of the rooms, and these alterations
are to be completed this month. The housekeepers and
other officers are in constant attendance, aiding and su-
perintending the progress of the works:
The new Offices for the Lords Clerks, built in Cot-
ton-garden, were to have been occupied by the re-assem-
bling of Parliament, but that cannot now be done.—
One of the earliest proceedings of the House of Lords
will be to appoint a Committee for the better modelling
of the forms of the business connected with their Lorif.
ships House. There will be daily notes printed by
order of their Lordshipi, similar to those of the Corn-
' mons ; the plan was tried at the latter end of last Ses-
sion, and answered very satisfactorily. Heretofore, there
were manuscript notices sent round to the Lords.
