CUSTOM-HOU.-Z, MIN S.

. . •
SUM EIITCREfI ihe Hope, Henry Elliott, for
Fort William, Fort George, and Bombay; Agin, Joliet Swaffen,
for Make; Speedwell, James Sehhtiois, for Cord; Resolution,
Ma Oliver, for Bremen ; Carron, Ralph S!qarr, fur Swinenoinde
end Stettin; Agnes, gnomes B. Wools, for the Cape of Good
Hoye; Acorn, James li rnie; for Br ; Leone Pauline, Henrik.
Braems, for Ostend, Bruges, and Girent ; Liberty, John Evans,
for Eisineur and Petersburg% ; Mmetva, 1. Maple, for Boron ;
Christina, D. Rorinf,, for Amsterdam ; Catherine, John Jones,
for Amsterdam and Rotterdam; Hope, John Monro, fur Ant-
i mbar.

Tae ship Swift, Captain CHURCH, from Pietou, is
arrived in the River ; the first ship this season.
The herring fishery at Whitehaven is uncommonly
productive this seastin. On Friday week, ninety-four
smacks or boats were counted on the beach, and as
many more between the old and new quay, all dis-
charging their cargoes for a met!. nothing to the poor.
Most of the boats had caught about twenty or twenty-
one maze.

A considerable degree of bustle has prevailed at
Portsmouth during the last week, in consequence of
orders having been received to fit out a squadron
destined for the Mediterranean, under the command
of Admiral Lord EXMOUTH, who, un Monday morn-
ing, about five o'clock, went on board the &rug,
at Spithead, where his flag was speedily hoisted ; her
powder being out, the usual salute was fired by the
LEANDER. The QUEEN; CHARLOTTE. 110 guns ;
MINDEN, 74; LEANDER, 59; and the .Tvatam and
PROMETHEUS sloops, are to he fitted at that port ; the
IMPREGNABLE. 98, and SUPERB. 74, at Plymouth ;
the Aunow, 74, at Sheerness ; and the GLASGOW
and SEVERN frigates at Chatham, besides bomb yes.
sell. The whole are ordered to be got ready with
the utmost dispatch, and their complements of men
filled up to the war establishment. All the seamen
from the other guard-ships have been turned over to
the QUEEN CHARLOTTE, and every exertion is making
Incomplete the ships by volunteers; as an encourage.
meat ha- men to enter, a reward of two months' pay
is offered to them on their return from the expedition.
The BovNE has been paid off all standing ; to which
ip Admiral Sir EMeattn'I'IIORNDOROUCII has shifted.
his SAg, and Captain &atom and all the Officers of
the Quer:sr CHARLOTTE are appointed to her. Cap-
tain BiteseissE and the Officers of the Borst: have
been appointed to the QVEEN CHARLOTTE. which
is to bear the flag of Admiral L.:rd
1..11% squadron will rendezvous at Spithead, and sail
to‘7arkis the end of this month fur Algiers. It is to
be7ctualled fcr three months, and to take in Shrap-
"4l,sheilq, Conereve rockets, &c.
'the Hussar transport, recently arrived from St.
lie:ena, has broneht hone Lieutenant• Colonel Sun-
Tos, late Lieutenant-Governor of that Island.—She
lvas46 days on the passage. BoNAPARTE continued
tolive under his newly-adopted regimen—scarcely
any exercise, and with very little society. Sir HUD-
s''N Lows having acquainted all his companions, that
such as intended to leave him must do it at that time,
or they would nit be able at all, General and Ma.'
dame BERTRAND then resolved to continue their stay
with him, and not return to Europe. It was con.
weird that the rainy season would have a bad effect
"Ton BoNneaRTE'S health, if he persisted in that mode
of living. It is a regulation made by Sir GEORGE
LI.CKBUDN. to prevent many vessels from being at St.
Cape
together, that only two ships shall leave the
`-"Pe of Good Hope at one time; and their stay at
at, Helena shall not exoted `'4 hours.

•. THE BAZIDARY •STATBS. ,

. . .
..
Government having determined that Lord Ea-
mourn shah return to Algiers to effect a treaty with
the 13 7y of dist Regency, more refined in its stipula-
tions.and that shall promise•to he more permani:ra
us its duration, than the one lately concluder?, we leA
graticication in presenting to our Readers some facts
relating to the Barbary States, which have been com-
municated by an intelligent Officer, who was em-
ployed lately in that qu irter. .He says.—
" The letter which appears in the STAR of the 27th
of May last, pretty correctly recites all the circumt
stances that attended our first visit to Algiers. The
fleet proceeded from Tunis to Triptli. At both
these p!aces, the Deys appeared fully dispoied to ac.
cede to any terms that Lord Ezstourni should pro.
pose in the name of the PRINCE REGENT. - His Lord-
ship, we al! imagine, encouraged by those auspicious
appearances, W:tS ilidilLed to propose, first at Tunis,
and then at Tripoli. that a Treaty should he signed,
for ever prohibiting the making of Christian Slaves;
such prisoners as may be taken in war only to be con-
sidered as prisoners of war. The Deys readily agreed,
and treaties were signed. The fl.:et then returned to
Alg;ers, for the purpose, as was understood, ot oN.
taining a revision ot the Treaty v.:aich the Dey had
made with America, respecting the sale of prizes in
his pmts. The Dey replied to this question, that the
Treaty he had recently made with that nation was at
an end ; that it they chase not to abide l'y the old
one, he would agree to no other. • Lord Ex.unum
then proposed to the lley a Treaty similar to that
made at Tunis and Tripoli, for doing away with sla-
very altogether. The Dey made a firm and resolute
stand at this proposal. He represented, that it was
impossible to entirely abolish the system that had so
liing subsisted; that it was the commerce of the coun-
try; and that it change which woul4 be so detrimen-
tal to the interests of every Turk and Moor, it would
revive considerable time to bring their minds to sub-
mit to. The Divan and the Military (Turks), he
was persuaded, would never renounce the trade.
Lord EXMOUTH having urged his demands with all
Ihis wonted enemy and perseverance in vain, departed
from the interview with a determination to commence

hostilities. 'Pee Dey therefore ordered the British
Consul (Mr. MaconNem) to be confined, and all the
English vessels at Oran to be seized.
" The next Jay the squadron got under way, for
the purpose of going into the Mole to destroy the
Algerine naval force ; but a violent gale wile on,
which continued until tour o'clock in the afternoon,
and then it would have been too tete to take a favour-
able position alongside the batteries. The ships an-
chored again. His Ltirdship then dispatched a let.
ter to the Dry, demanding tnat the Consul should be
eeleased, and sent off to the fleet. The Dey refused
to give him up, saying he owed him 500,000 dollars;
ellen that sum was paid he should depart. Tee Dey,
lv hen he parted front Lord lexsteteru, said, though
he shred(' he prepared for hostilities, he would liot
lire the first s!eet. Upon the whole, as far as the
litestine enre upon his own feelings and interests, he
I appeared disposed to d) away with slavery.
The next day, the .Dey sent off to Lord Ex-
MOUTH a proposal, that he was willing to conclude a
perpetual peace with the Kingdom of Hanover; but
that part of the negotiation which referred to the abo-
lition of *slavery should stand over for six months, I
that he might be enabled to obtain the advice and
sanction of the Grand Signior upon the question.—
Lord EXMOUTH agreed, excepting that the time
of suspension should he three, instead of six months.
This being mutuelly decided, the 'Tagus frigate,
Captain Deem Dueness, was appointed to take the
Dey's Ambassador to Constantinople. The use of
that ship had, at the first visit, been granted to the
Dey to convey his presents to the Grand Signior, as
lie had not sent any since he was chosen to the Re.
gency. Lord EXMOUTH then exchanged the usual
civilities with the Dey, and departed wilt his fleet fOr
E'igland, leaving tee tapes for the service appointed.
"fte Dey of Algiers is a man of good understand.
ing, grave and deliberate in Council, and of quick
penetration. He was Aga, or General of the Army,
before his elevation. Whilst our ships were endea-
vouring to work up to the batteries, he was day and
night at his post, examining his defences. He was
fourd on the shore by the Officer who went to de-
mand the Consul. He had only reigned a year.—
His immediate predecessor governed hut a few
months, when he was strangled, being, as be was told
to consider himself, only a beam talent, until a better
person could be chosen. The custom of the country
forbade that he should live; for no one, having once
filled the office, can revert to his former station as a
subject; and no age, fotmer qualifications, or past
services, can release him from the cruel penalty of
this barbarous custom, nor can he refuse to serve
when chosen. In fact, the Janissaries (Turkish troops)
are the Governors of the country : they destroy by
the edge of the scimitar all those acts of the Dey and
Divan that are opposed to their barbarous prejudices
and cruel feelings. The present force of these law-
less despots at Algiers is computed at 15,000 men.
They hold the Moors (the natives of the country) in
complete subjection, but the Jews still more so.—
Whilst our squadron lay there, three Jews were burnt
to death, because they were insolvent; but before
they had half executed their oruelty, it was discovered
that one of them was innocent of the alleged crime.
" Algiers has all the appearance of a well forti-
fied town : it is defended by about 1000 pieces of
ordnance, of every calibre, 9011 of which are brass.
The pl.ice is surrounded by a high wall, the southern
side of which is adorned with men's heads, trophies
Of their cruelty. Th• houses are built retnarkably
close to each other. The country is very productive,
producing generally two crops in 3.year. Tunis has
a strikingly beautiful appearance; particularly that
pert of it where ancient Carthage stood. Both here
and in Tripoli the people are more civilized. The
Government of the Deys is hereditarily possessed,
and not, as at Algiers, filled Iron% the ranks of the
Janissaries. The Pasliaw or Dej of tripoli behaved
most generously to the fleet, as well as candidly to
the cause of our visit. Having at once stated his
willingness to comply with the same terms as had
been agreed to at Tunis and Algiers, he then gave
orders that fifty horses- should be ready at the Con-
stirs door every morning for the use of the officers of
the fleet; he made a present to the Admiral of 29
bullocks, 54 sheep, and a vesseldriad of all kinds 01
refreshments. The Algeriries value each slay.; at
1200 dollars (about se3oo). the Tunisians at 650."

~ ~ . ~ ~ .

MR SIitRIDAN.

This great .eharneter and dictitti4.2led ornament
of British eloquence and literature is, aixs 1. RAI more!
He breathed his last yesterday at twelve -o':lock, and
in his dying Is evinced a fortitude. and resig-
nation worthy of his best days and his acknowledged
strength of mind. The death of a SHERMAN
not be passed over in a common way. It has left a
chasm which the work of ages alone can fill 00, and
to consign the melancholy event to a daily obituary
would disgrace the laurnalst who has the painful
duty of communicating His name. like his gv-
nius, should stand alone—isaiated, but transcendent
and matchless—free from all commixture—indepen-
dent of ail associates in the sad records of mortality.
As a dramatie writer, a poet, an orator, *ad a states-
man, his loss will long be the subject of .cordial and
universal regret.. As a patriot,
• 4' Whose ruling pss.ion was his country's gno:I,"
his memory will oestrtad to posterity, beloved, che-
rished and venerated. That his heart beat warmly
to this pure and generous impulse—that with him
party lost all its partial influence and se!fish qualities
when the common weal called for his separation from
his political friends, let.the mutiny at the Nore and
the general arming of the country attest ! 'Fire Right
Horiourab!e RICHARD BIeINSLEY SHERIDAN Was the
third son of Mr. TIIOIWAS SHeRIDAN, celebrated as an
actor, eminent Tor his lectures on elocittion, and entit-
led to the gratitude of the public for his judicious and
indefatigable exertions to improve the sysrear of our
national education. tits mother, Mrs. FuAsees SHE-
RIDAN, was no less respected err her domestic virtues
than admired for her literary attainments. She was
the author of Sick, BiAlulph, a novel wh'ch possesies
the merit of combining the purest morality with the
most impressive interest. She also wrote. Noitrjahad,
an Oriental Tale, and the Comedies of The Discovery,
The Dupe, and A Trip to Bath. Ricoanas 1311INSLEY
SHERIDAN was born in Dorset-street, Dublin, in Oc-
tober, 1751. I'he following is a literal extract from
the Register of St Mary's Parish, Dublin :
14 CHARLES FRANCIS, sun of Tnomas and FRANCES Sarsi.
DAN, baptized July 21, 17.50. RICHARD BRINSLEY, sun of Mr.
and Mrs. SuLltinan, baptized November 4, 1751."
CIIARLEs FRANCIS was the author of that excellent
work The Revolution in Sweden, and was Secretary of
war in Ireland. Mr. SHERIDAN'S eldest son Toom4s
died in childhood.

RICHARD Blll'olaLEY, after his departure from Har.
row School, was entered as a Student in the Middle
Temple; but his introduction at the age of twenty to
the society of men of acknowledged abilities, taste,
and learning, and his early marriage with .bliss
LINLEY, in his twenty-fourth year, diverted him from
the study (.1 the law. At this period he wrote several
pnetical pieces, equally distinguished for genuine ten-
derness of sentiment and brilliancy of imagination.
Ia the course of a tew weeks, at the end of 1774., be
wrote the Comedy of The Rival:, which was performed
at Covent Garden 'rhea'se on the 17th of January in
tht following year. At the cominenci-ment at 1776,
hi) Comic Opera of The Deena,, was brought out. The
elegance of the diction, the sweetness of the poetry,
and the natural and appropriate spirit of the charac-
ters, raised it above all competition, and imparted a
celebrity that surpassed even that of The Lieggar's
f)tera. Such was the attraction of The Dreenna, that
it was represented seventy:five nights during the sea-
son, while GAY'S singular production ran only sixty.
v 4.. In 1776, Mr. SHERIDAN became one of the
Patentees of Drury-lane Theatre, and the following
year he produced The School for &wad, a Comedy
which deservedly raised his fame to undisputed pre.
eminence over all. contemporary dramatic writers,
and conferred in the ophrion of foreign literati a lustre
on the British drama which it did not previously
possess. After the lapse of so many years. it still
stands, and will continue long to stand in the" valued
file" a composition unique in its claims to distinction.
In simplicity of plot, iu the natural progression of
incident, in faithful imitation of manners, in the na.

tura' and vivid delineation ot character, and above
all, in fel tility of wit and felicity of expression, it is
complete and unrivalled. It was performed on the
Bth ot May,•1777. The Critic and the monody to the
memory of Gwanicx lollowed at no great distance
ot t►me.

lu 17S0 Mr. Sitertinam was elected i‘lembir for
Stafford, and in the course of a few years What Bishop
Bruiser said of the celebrated WALLER 'could he
more jestly applied to him ;•••" In Parliament he was
the delight of the House." He wa§ rapidly ap-
proaching to perfection as an orator, when the im-
peachment of Mr. I IasTINGS supplied him with an
opportunity of displaying powers which have been
rarely equalled. His celebrated speech was delivered
in June 1788, when he summed up the evidence on
the charge respecting the imprisonment of the Prin-
cesses of O:ide and the sisizure ut their treasures.
His mind indeed appears to have expanded with the
magnitude and to have been elevated with the dignity'
of the subject. He conceived its various relations
with a comprehensive perspicuity that was embellished
by the noblest effusioes of eloquence :
64 &Mint) vidit ; ingenio complexes est;
likiqueutia °maim."
The address with which he arranged his materials ;
the art and energy with which he anticipated ohjec-
tions ; the ingenuity with which he commented on
the evidence, and the natural boldness of his imagery,
evince a singular combination of genius and judg-
ment. He blended together the three grand classi-
fications of eloquence. He was clear and unadorned
—..diffuse and pathetic—Animated and vehement
There was nothing superfluous—no affected turn—
no glittering point—no false sublimity. Compassion
and indignation were alternately excited, :end the
wonders related of the oratory ut Greece and Rome
were almost revived.
Mr. SIiItRIDAN professed, in common with most of
his political friends, an admiration of the French Re-
volution; but when he saw it defaced and deformed
by the frantic and murderous policy of the successive ,1
Rulers of France, he generously and eagerly con-1
anted in reprobating crimes, destructive of freedom
and social happiness, and directly repugnant to tl.e
avowed principles on which the Revolution was ef-
fected. To BONAPARTS he bore the hatred and de-
testation which should animate the patriot-breast
against the malignant and inveterate enemy ut it,
native land. To him as folly as to Mr. PITT die
&mums appear the 66 favourite child of jacobinism"
and the tyrant of the Continent. He never ceased
to be the zealous frieqd of the liberty of the press.
and of civil and religious freed*. lie rose in .dl

v• • 1 1.1•:• r.• 61, ,1114! 11f1 .:c
public exigencies superior to the selfish drudgery. of
a mere partisan, and his spirited and nnbliatonduct
during the awful crisis of the naval mutiny will be
long rememhered with gratitude:hy the /Ilion- s
Of Mr. &removes !admirable, and. indeed, ie.?,
mitable qualities in the circles: of. social life, it
would be difficult to give an adequate descriporm.
He was at once the most entertaining and the moit
instructive companion in the kingdom.—His. cur-
versation abounded in witty similitudes, homour-
ous allus:ons, and. lively repartee; and when any
subject of rreareed investigation was bronefrteor.
ward, the treasures of generel learning with which
lie had stored his mind were mere than proportionate
to the ()cession.
We shaft conclude this Article with the following
sketch given of his eloquence .by a conternperaey
writer. It does not pass a single encomium on h.s
extraordinaty talents to which they were not richly
entitled
• 46 As ate Orator (tvitli the ereeptien of PITT and
BURKE), who exc,fled him ? He had strength with-
out coarseness—li vs:lines, without frivolity—he was
bold but dexterous in his attacks—not, easily respelled,
bpt when repatd, effutiog his retreat in good order.
Often severe—renc's oftener witty, and gay, and
grateful—disentare,,fing whit was confused—enliven-
ing what was dulle-very clear in his arrangement—
very comprehensive in his vices;—fleshing open re's
hearers with such a burst of brilliancy !—Wien no
other speaker was listeiled to, he c ,old arrest and
chain d iwn the Members to their seats—all haneeee
npoe him with the most e.e.;er atreivion —All fixed nr
wonder an delielit ;—lie never tired—he coid.r
Adapt hirnielf, more than any other mall, to all minds
and to all capacities—' from grave to gay, from
lively to severe.' Every qsi d'ty id an orator war
united in him—the mind —Cie eye, quick, sparklin;s
penetrating, matchless almost for brilliancy and -Y-
-prtssion—the attitude, the Festut-*!, the veree.
l'err bad more dignity, more coperusness, mere
grasp, more sarcasm—but in richness of imagery he
was inferior to SHERIDAN, who had no superior but
Benet. He was less powerful and commanding er
argument than Mr. Fox, but this was the only advan-
tage Mr. Fox had over him. As an orator we should
place him alter Pere and Bungle"
We lament to add, that for several weeks prior to
his death, Mr. SHERIDAN lay under arrest, and that
it was only by the firmness And humanity of his phy-
sicians, Dr. BAII.LIE and Dr. Balers, that an obdu-
rate attorney was prevented trout executing a threat
to remove him from his house to a death lied in
gaol.—Mr. IiBPSIDAN, however, enjoyed to tl-e last
moment, the sweetest consolation that tee heart Cia
feel in the affectionate tenderness, sympathy, and at-
tention of his amiable wife.—Mrs. SHERIDAN. though
herself labouring under severe illness, could net be
withdrawn :Tons his couch—the has watched ever
him with the moq anxious solicitude through the
whole of that protracted suffering which eas parted
them for ever!

Friday the PIUNCE REGrtiT gave a !Trawl dinner,
after the Levee, to the Duke of WELLING-rote, the
Marquis WELLKSLEY, Sir iIIiFRY WELLESLFY, the
Right Hon. WELLFALEY POLE, and a number of
other distinguished chitracters.
The practice of the French in keeping alive their
Institution by educating young men tor t!te oifice of
Consul, as mentioned in the French Papers, is hintily
praisoororthy, and des,nving of inmation by the Bri-
tii;ll Government. It has been by such vigilance in
the education of diem/116c characters that tha
• French tirgociators have generally succeeded in car-
rying th. 4 points it. preitrence :o all other competi-
! tors in Cabinet affairs.

There is a report that there has been a great dec.
ciency in the receipts of the revent.e for the quarter
ending the sth instant. One account states it to be
two millions one hundred and ninety-seven thousand
pounds less than thii, corresponding quarter last year ;
and another account estimates it at somewhat less
than two millions.

WSW'. BA lin. AV, PERKINS, and Co. and other
brewers, have *educed the price :it porter tsmiftence
per gallon.
81. ACK! I PATH PEDEST!,III:4 MATcri.--The unfa.
vourable It tate of the weather yesterday prevented
numbrrs of spectators repairing to the Heath to wit.
ness the continued exertions o EATos, whose efforts
to complete his herciiieao task are raw almost certain
of final success. ExioN app:•ar; as strong as when
lie first staled, .and goes on with great spirits : this
morning, in his usual style of jocularity, made good
805 miles.

Boxma.—The match so long talked of between
Oliver and Carter, it appears, is at length made for
two hundred guineas, and a hands.:the subsctiption
purse to be given by the Pugilistic Club. Toe battle
will take place three hundred miles distant from the
metropolis, on the sth of next October., and Cat lisle,
at present, the town named. The odds are de.
cidedly upon Oliver, who, besides his game qualities,
is a rod two-handed hitter ; and it i. said he is also
under the immediate patronage of Captain BARCLAY.
Great bets are already depending tifyiu the issue; and
the Lancashire hero is nut without a host or suppor-
ters. A battle will take place before the end u. the
present month, between Ford and Harry Lancaster,
for twenty guineas a side. Ford is well known in the
ring as a bottom man with Oliver, Harmer, tee. Irv:,
he is not the favourite. George Cooper has chal-
lenged Harmer, or any other twelve stone man, far
one hundred pounds.
A tew days since a battle was fought between two
men at rev...4)rib, near Brighton, one of whom died
a few hours rata in consequence of the bruises he te.

ceived.
AVERAGE PRICE of CORN In ENGLAND and WALE 3
from the returns eriiiug the Sorb of Ism?, 1106.

Wheat. Rye Barley. Oats. Liesns. Peat.
I. .1.
74 2 14011 29 0 22 4} 34 6S$3 9

styli ri-tti ELM MAIME l', JULY 8.
01 Bed 41 61 to Ss ed Veal 5, o.t to Ss 01
Mutton 4s 61 to Si 101 Park es Ili to Ss 10d
Lamb 6s to 7s od.
31116:1 1880—Sheep and Lambs 15, WO —Calves 2SO—Piss SOO
CORN-EXCHANGE, MARX-LANE, JULY S.

Our market continuing most abuniantly supplied
with Wheat, and for which there being very little de-
mand, sales were heavy this morning, and only that
of fine quality found buyers, but for such description
last Monday's prices were obtained; all other ions
are of nominal value. Oats are dull Lae, and about
ls. per quarter lower. In Barley, Peas, and Beans,
time is 110 alteration.

\

• .

I•

,~.

•

• F,ROM 34TURDAi GAZETTE. •

• •
[This Gazette notifies as follhws Ile Prince Regent bas
knighted Dr. A. Croke, late Admiral y Judge in Nova Scotia,
J. Co•;reave, Esq. Mayor of Chester, and I.teutenant-Colonel
J. C. Mutlock ; permitted Lieutenant-General James Cstnpintli
so.accept the Sicilian Order of Ferdinand and of Merit; and ap-
pointed Auain (:i:hes, EN. one 61 the Judges in the Scotch Jury
Court; Archibald Colquhitun, Esq. Clerk of the Registers in
Scotland ; and the F.arl of Hopetoun, Lieutenant and Sheriff
Pihtcipal of Linlithgowshire.)
