FRENCH PAPERS.

ISOM TUE GAZETTE DE PRANCE, DATED TUESDAY.
MADRID, Ammer IS.
The affairs of Catalonia continue 'every day to deve-
lop themselves in a more extended manner: not only is
the Government dispatching there regiments of provin-
cial militia, but they have decided that a new levy of
recruits should be raised throughout the kingdom. You
are aware that it is not long since 24,000 men were
thus put into activity. This addition of troops occa-
sioned great expense : the Council of State assembles
daily to consider upon the best means of meeting it.
The m-ast rigorous measures are now enforced in or•
der to hasten the recovery of the tontributioas in arrears
The levy of conscripts has for its professed object to.
put our army of observation on a somewhat decent'
footing ; for heat, bad nourishment, aud want of money,
have so far enfeebled our soldiers, that it will be im-
possible for them to sustain themselves for any length
of time, if fAICCOUTS of men, and more especially of mo
ney, do not speedily arrive.
The relations with the Court of Rome seem likely to,
take a favourable turn. We wait only an answer from.
the Pope, who will smooth away all existing difficulties,,
and put the diplomatic relations on the same footing as,
formerly.
In order to terminate the scandalous denomination of;
Carlistes (synonimous with rebel.), the august Infant,
whose name serves as a sort of zgis to the factious, has
been advised to disavow, by an authentic act, their
plats and criminal acts; consequently we expect ever)'
day a proclamation or manifesto on the subject, which
will leave no doubt respecting the :iotentions of this;
Prince, of which Spaniards have never had any other
than the noblest opinion.—Nentorial Bordelais.
(7de-following is the Proclamation to which we re-
ferred in our Article yesterday, dated Paris, August
27th, taken from the Gazette de France of Tuesday.]
Portugvese,—Tuo late we have learned the perfidy of the,
Secretaries of State who have lately been changed. It has not
been possible to prevent the negociatioris which they had com-
menced, supported by the Apostolical Junto, and protected .by
the infernal and destructive policy of Prince Metternich. The
result of these negotiations is, that the kingdom of Portugal is to
be given up to Don Miguel, under the title of Regent. What
have we to expect then? Thaethe Tyrant will appear among us, to
steep his vengeful sword in the blood of the purest and most faithful
Portuguese. Is there no one among you who can recall the night
of
.April ZO, 1824; and would you wish, as in 1817, on the field
of St. Ann, to ascend the scanld, one after the other, that this
Miguel—horrid and detestable nanso!—may reign over your ashes?,
“ No! there is yet time. Let us save our country, le: us save
ourselves; and to succeed, let us begin by exterminating those
who prepare to become our most cruel executioners. Let us have
courage, and our triumph is secure. Failing in this, those who
may escape the vengeance of a day of anarchy, win not escape the
scaffold.

" Awake, Portuguese, faithful to your oath. This is the me.
meat to shed our last drop of blood in defence or our institutions.
Our neighbours, the Spaniards and French, will respond to our
success—they burn to recover their liberty, as we do to presetve
oars. The present Government of Ferdinand VII. is impotent
and cruel. He is abhorred by his army, which is tilled with C
stitutionalists, who are our friends, and who wait but for our first
shout, as we have been auured by the thousands of men who are
now oo oar territory, armed and burning to fight for liberty. As
(or France, we have nothing to fear from her, since she has not
been able to stifle the cry of liberty, raised by the brave National
Guard on the 50th of April, in the present year.

a Do nut trust England: Her language has always been equi-
vocal, and she has jest unmasked herself in lending her support to
the tyrant, in order to gain from him as much as she obtained from
Dun John. She has clearly shewn what were her designe, hi con-
tinuing to avail herself of the services of the great A'Court, the
most perfidious Minister that was ever known. It was be whu
effected the ruin of Naples and of Piedmont, where be destroyed
liberty, and gave it tits to the fury of Austria. He has done the
same thing in Spain, deceiving the Constitutionalists by giving them
false hopes, until the moment of the fall of Cadix, and surrendering
it ultimately to the despotism of Ferdinand VII. It is this monster,
with his thousand and one claws, who is now among us, and who
has made us a present of au army, of the object of which we are as
yet ignorant, but which is an unneceuary expense, and is of no use
but to threaten us.

Portuguese,—Union and strength—those we must have to be
free. Strength we have, and therefore we no longer want any thing.
We have a worthy Chief who will never abandon us. He is worthy 1
to be more than First Consul of our independence. Tbat Chief is,
the great Saldanha ! He alone can save us. Let us, rend the'
veil which conceals the volcano by which we are on the eve •f
being swallowed—let us raise the cry of national independence, the
only one which can save us.

4 Long live our First Consul! Success to the nations who imitate
us! Long live the Republic! Success to the national independence."

EXTRACT OP A PRIVATE LETTER.
MADRID, AUGUST 16.
The troubles in Catalonia, and the official acts of the
Regency which is established in that province, to de.
liver, it says, King Ferdidand VII. have already caused
a fresh change in the Government. At two o'clock this
morning an Alcaid, de rasa y conic, went successively
to the houses of M. Recacho, Superintendant-General
of the Police of the Kingdom, and M. de Balbao, In-
tendant of the Police of Madrid, and all New Castile.
This Magistrate announced himself to have come in the
name of the King, and presented first to M. Recacho,
and afterwards to M. de Bilbao, an order from the
King, which cashiered both, and exiled them, the first
to Oviedo, the second co Grenada, and ordered that the
seals should be immediately put in their apartments on
all the moveables which they contained, of whatever
description. This unlooked-for procseeding is as yet
known here but to few persons, but it has filled with
astonishment the greater portion of these who have
heard of it. I think I can say with certainty that the
IPolice here will be officially destroyed at the beginning
of September, and perhaps sooner. How will it be re-
placed ? There can be no question about that, when it
is recollected that the Council of State demanded,
within the last six weeks, from the King, the re-esta-
blishment of the Inquisition, in a representation made
ad hoc, and represented to the King, that this rest°, a-
lion was the only means that could regain the confi•
deuce of the people, and secure the public tranquillity.

This apFears to us clearly to explain from what state
of slavery the Regency established in Catalnni r wishes
to deliver our Sovereign—it is no doubt from th It of
moderation. Meanwhile our Government has not a
maravedi at its disposal,and has only a discontented army.
The Regency of Catalonia, and the Council of State,
have slot chosen their time badly.
Three Royalist volunteers were arrested yesterday
evening in the street of Jacometrezn, Where they were
skewing off pieces of money with an effigy of Charles V.
King of Spain and of the Indies ; fourteen pieces were
found upon them: they were conducted to prison, but
have this morning been set at liberty by superior autho-
rity. The new Junta of Government, or Regency
established in Catalonia, consists only of Grandees of
Spain, or of Titulos de Castilla (the second class of the
Nobility of the kingdom); the Marquis/A Mata Florida
is its President. Tne said Junta, or Regency, has esta-
blished three principal points, nearly at equal distances
from another central point, where it holds'its sittings.
These-three points are named the three dominations. It,
has also divided Catatonia into three military ciepart-
inents. It has just addressed to the Audience (a Royal
Court) of Catalonia, a formal order to go and freely
exercise at Yell, the functions which King Ferdinand
confided to it as one of his superior tribunals. The Pre-
sident of the Audience replied, that immediately that
he had at his disposal the necessary forces, he should
repair to Vich, and to all other places where it would
be needful, to han, in the King's name, the whole of
'the pretended Regency, its President, and all those who
had submitted to his orders. The Captain-General, the
Marquis de Campo Sagrado, and the civil and military
authorities of all the towns of Catalonia, have assailed
the Government with demands of troops and money-;
but not a farthing has yet arrived. The new Regency
of Catalonia has addressed a circular to Valencia, Sara-
gossa, Santander, Leon, and Valladolid. These circulars
have been sent by the Intendants of Police of those
towns, to M. Recacho, who carried them, the day be-
fore yesterday, to the King, at St. Ildefonso. One of
the principal objects of the faction is, to concentrate
upon Vich, and there to install a permanent tribunal,
and to try with the utmost rigour all those who have
belonged to secret societies.
Jep deli Estanys is at this moment at the head of
2,000 men, well armed and equipped. Three hundred
Royalist volunteers, of Manresa, have joined him with
their drums and fifes, all of the second battalion ; as did
also, trio days after, all the drums and fifes of the two
other battalions. The flag of Jep dels Estanys is of taffeta,
beating on one side these words, in black cloth:—
4, Viva Fernando VII. rey absolute,/ Viva la Religion
Caiolica, Apostolica y Montana Marron los Seel aria;"
and on the other side, ,t Viva Jesus y Maria."
It is said, that the Court will q in Granja, on the 21st,
for the Escurial, and will return to Madrid about the
middle of September. There must be some very power-
ful reasons to induce the King to go so soon to his ca-
pital, which, generally speaking, he does not visit
until December.

P.S. A letter worthy of the highest credit has just been brought
to me, which says, that throughout the Principality of Catalonia
the faction has exsiessively persecuted all the employes of the Police,
who have all been obliged to quit their posts, and take refuge in
Barcelona. What a connnection with the dismissal of Messrs. Re-
cacho and Balbao.

EXTRACT OP ANOTHER TEMPE LETTER.
Since the news of the speedy arrival of Don Pedro in Portugal
was received, a project has been conceived for hastening the deve-
lopment of the Apostolical system. On the morning of the 15th,
the death of Mr. Canning having become known at St. Ildefonso,
the Apostolicals believed themselves omnipotent, and they found
no difficulty in getting from the King the decree which cashiered,
as you have already heard, M. Recacho, and the Director General
of the Police,

At this moment a general inspection of the Royalist volunteers,
and an exact estimate of all the volunteers in the kingdom have
been resolved upon. Their number is stated to amount to 300,000,
of which nearly one third only are armed, but I can pledge myself
that at the moment when I ant writing, orders have been given to
purchase two hundred thouund muskets; and I can further assure
you, that a Frenchman, who is in the service of the Infant Don
Carlos, and whose father had a manufactory of arms in France, has
obtained for the latter an order for 60,000 muskets. I do not
know what they wish to do, but the general opinion is, that it is
intended to strike a decisive blow ; and that to effect this, a corps
of thirty or forty thousand volunteers are about to be added to the
Army of Observation.

BROM THE JOURNAL DES DEBATS.
AIADRID, Auausr 17.

(PRIVATE CORI

Yesterday evening M. Recacho was displaced, and
with him has disap,,eaied the only support of the mo-
derate system. Thi, event is the precursor of the fail
of the moderate party in the Ministry. It is astonishing
th.it MM. Salazar, Salmon, and Zimbrano still conti-
nue in office. The Apostolicals think of nothing but
war against Pot tugal. Th.y are at this moment engaged
in making out an exact list of Volunteer Royalist Mili.
tia, on which all their plans are founded. M. Carvajal,
the lnspector.Gerieral, has already announced that the
number of volunteers exceeds 300,000, although, how-
ever, only 80,000 are armed, But as it is known
already that the number wanting arms is nearly gOO,OOO,
orders have been given both to our own manufacturers
and those of France for a considerable supply of arms,
which are to be ready by next September ; at which
time, it is said, an army of 50,000 volunteers will be
united to the force under the command of General
S trsfield.

The police is tilos under the superintendence of M.
Calomarde, Minister of Grace and Justice, who fills up
all the appointments in it. It will in future be organized
in the folio wing manner t There will be for each province,
the capital of which has not a criminal court, a sub.
commander of police.
Accounts received yesterday from Catalonia state,
that the Government of the Carlistes has established its
seat at \rich, whence it issues orders to all Catalonia,
causing itself to be obeyed in the villages and towns of
the second rank, with a promptness much superior to
that which has hitherto attended the execution of the
orders of the legitimate authority. Hitherto this cio.
vernment has appointed only civil functionaries, but the
last accounts state that it has appointed many Colonels
and inferior Officers.

GERMAN PAPERS.
MUNICH, Alm IR.
The officers and subalterns of the Bavarian arm
who went to Greece last year, returned to this city yes-
terday, with the exceptien of Lieut.-Colonel Herdegeer,
who remains in' Greece, and Lieutenant Schonhamrner,
who is detained by indisposition at Bolzano.
MAYENCE, Am es.
Eighteen families, consisting of 116 individuals. from
the Province of Starkenberg, in the Grand Duchy of
Hesse, passel through this city on the 19th, on their
way to North America.
•
VIENNA, Armory sa.
A division of the Hungarian noble guard is going to
set out to day to Presburg, to do duty as a guard of
honour to their Majesties the Emperor and Empress, at
the closing of the Diet, which will take place on Friday.
To-morrow their Majesties will leave Lazemburg,
where the Court has been for these three days, and go
to Schlosshoff, and on Friday the Emperor will proceed
to the Palace of the Primate, where he will deliver the
closing speech and dismiss the Estates.

FRANKFORT, Aua. 22.
Letters from our respected fellow citizen, the cele.
bated tr.iveller, Mr. Edward Reippel, announce thet
he had returned in the middle of June this year from
his journey to AbyssiniJ, accompanied by Mr. Hay,
and has arri►ed safe at Cairo with a.very 14rge collec-
tion of subjects of natural hiitory.
AUGSBURG, Ara. 20.
Accounts from Haunver, of the 9th August, say that
Baron Von Schmidt Phiseldeck had recei►ed from
London the appointment to the post of Chief of the
department of Justice.
