blood than ever Is about to Sow In the prisons and on the public
squares of Lisbon and Oporto. Fear, so natural to ferodous
minds, seemed for some time past to have caused the sanguinary
fury of Don Miguel to relent ; but the speeches and the con-
duct of the English Ministers are likely to rally his affrighted
courage ; and the news from Brazil have perhaps already
become the signal for renewed persecution and carnage.—
And is this the English Ministry that would become the arbiter of
the destinies of the Greeks! Faithful to its principles, under pre-
tence of consecrating that Independence which they have them.
selves achieved, and of establishing that liberty which they have
paid for with their blood and tears • it bids fair to cast back the
Greeks into the chains which they have broken, and into that
slavery the yoke of which they had shaken off. Thus do the Mi-
nisters of England protect nations! Let us hope, for the honour
of France, that she will not suffer the Greeks to be subjected to
the cruel destinies which are preparing for her; that would be
making herself an accomplice in the new mischiefs with which she
is threatened, and of which the entire disgrace would fall upon our
country.

FROM THE JOURNAL DES DEBATE.
Letters from Munich, of the Ist of July, state that the Marquis
de Barbacena has arrived here. to demand the hand of the third
Princess, daughter of her Royal Highness the Duchess of Leach-
temberg, for the Emperor of Liras!ls, his master. The betrothing
took place yesterday. The Princess Amelia Augusta Eugenia
Napoleons was ►orn the 51st of July, 1812. She will soon be 17
years of age. She will leave us in the beginning of the month of
August. She is to embark at Ostend for England, and to continue
afterwards her voyage to Rio Janeiro, accompanied by the young
Queen, Donna Maria da Gloria.

• TO THE PUBLIC.

Some changes have taken place in the management
of this Paper, which, it is confidently hoped, will secure
the public approbation.

In announcing these, the PROPRIETORS do not feel it
at all necessary to make any declaration of principles,
in the strict sense of the term: nevertheless, they think
this a proper opportunity to state, that they come for-
ward in a pure and liberal spirit, fettered by no party,
though certainly favouring the remains of one, which it
was once equally popular and patr'otic to uphold.
Concerning this Early they have elsewhere given tbeir
opinion at greater length—and perhaps with keener
animadversion—than comports with the equanimity of
these explanations. But they are not bound, nor do
they belong, to any set of men whatever; and it is only
n consideration that the body alluded to yet contains
within its pale some shining and uncorrupt individuals
—a nucleus of redeeming purity—that they permit
themselves to mention it for a moment: Higher—
incalculably higher—is the errand on which they start
yet if, in the discharge of their great advocacies, they
find themselves side by side with men whom the people
have ceased to count upon as their natural auxiliaries,
eir satisfaction will be proportionate to the surprise.

From their youth upwards, the writers of this an-
nouncement have always attached themselves to that
scheme of Government which has seemed to them to
unite the greatest administrative purity with the sound-
est views of practical improvement. During the last
twelve years they have lent to such principles of policy
no feeble advocacy through the press. To the Liven-
Poor. A d ministration—of w hi: h Lord CASTLIIIIRAOH was
the master-spring and informing spirit—they were con-
scientiously and consistently opposed : but when, at
the death of this public scourge, Mr. CANNING suc-
ceeded in the Foreign Department, they felt that
the dissolution of an arbitrary system was ensured
—lt would be superfluous, after this avowal, to
dwell on the animation and cordiality with which
they hailed at a later epoch the accession of that great
man to the helm, and the anticipations which they
formed for the country. They were blighted in their
very formation by his death in the midst of his in-
valuable plans—but the conviction that his enlightened
views will yet be realized, is strengthening more and
more. The impulse which has been communicated to
the popular mind must force it onward—the embank-
ments of prejudice are thrown down.

The writers of this article have not been inattentive
spectators of the secessions which have lately taken
place. Among these, the separation of Lord BLANDVORD
hone the high Tory league has afforded infinite satis-
faction. It would be presumptuous in them to coajec-
lure even, bow far—in their general views--they will
be likely to coincide with the Noble Marquis in his new
character: but their impression is, that they may travel
far together. It is true, the unconditional adoption of
Roman Catholics into the Legislature of this Protestant
empire, appears to have alarmed him into some original
reflection of his own, and aroused in him a deep anxiety,
lest it may be turned to the detriment of the State. But
the law is passed, the innovation is introduced r the
business is to guard, now, the Constitution—such as it
remains. It is true, also, that the abolitions which the
Noble Marquis advocates, might still encounter—as
they hitherto did—his hereditary hostility, and that his
friendliness to ameliorations has been contingent upon
his terror at one liberal measure. But he has stretched
,forth his hand to the Reformers ; the writers of this
note are of that class—and they take it, though many
have rejected it. It is no time now to coquet with true
men, and examine too curiously if they exhibit the
criteria of party.
The views which the PROPRIZTORS entertain of
domestic government, are liberal : they will never sup.
port measures which tend to abrogate the freedom of
the subject. In like manner, their opinions on foreign
policy will be bottomed on the soundest principles of
liberality ; encouraging free trade, and all those inter-
' national reciprocities which foster amity, and diminish
the chances of collision.

With regard to the mechanical appearance of the
Paper, arrangements are in progress, which the Pao.
rat rocs hope will reader it worthy of public favour s
and until the completion of these, they look for the
public indulgence.
Louden, be July, 1829.
