REVELATION OF COLONIAL SECRETS.

room Tilt amnstanntair 111111MMILT MI morose.
I. our last Number (p. 24) we adintrted to the
slimiest used by the West India Committee in lotttiei (asinnt•
hag them to be airway the authors of The West /mho Itemise)
in speaking of the eekkoce takes by the Jamaica House of Al-
stably, in order to justify their persecuting enactments spinet
the Sectarian Missionaries ; and we stated, tkat notwithstanding
the importain ends which it was Ism unhesitatingly armed
that it would ansenn, it had since been pliantly suppressed
by this lame Comnaksen The inferences we drew from the rash
eulogy on that miaow AM, prior to its reaching their bands,
dtky pronounced apses M. oil frees the large expectation of toenail
by its general MUM. which they then indulged ; combined with
its total sapless*. Eno the whole of it has been before thew—
have been dtoriansly manned by a recent publication in a Jamaica '
aewtpapet, Me poaticript to the Nerd Gamer of the 234 of May
last. In Ma Paper II inserted the "Mired of 1 letter from a
respectable West India Proprietor (in lamadon), dated the 2d
April," tan, the greater part of which outran we shall transcribe
for the edification of our readers.

" The Session of Parliament (says this respectable proprietor)
hat naturally reneweJ the interest which you take tx the advises
from England, and the ear • dreamscape's *MA foie
dlitinguisbed the proceeding of the datum this year meet
spirt you with the utmost wonder mid alarm. lam not now stout
to *ear, you wills my sentiments op the approaching emmeips.:
tied of the Catholics, bat to redark on the *madam in which
the Welt India Colonies will be placed as soon as that men.
sate is acconiplithal. So long as it ressaiii in dimities at lan/
the Shit Indians ate site—if not lion attack, at leak frost
thiaggr. Bat I tremble to think of the conievelacee we
Ihil -Width ilihistry and the British publie are at leisure to ions
their sites lo die Wands so much farther west from Ireland. The
hieteeetg Massa of the 26th of March did not hesitate to declare,
that the Dole tit Wellington intended to introdoce a Rill far foil
-ted kmancipation of the Negroes, as Moo al the Ca-
dmic DPI 'had receded the Royal Aids*. This meatiest
mat contradicted the same evienbm by The Choir. sod there can
be ao doubt that the contradietion May fairly be believed so come-
freln aollsorky. to fat so geed. But The NM.* Amami of the
mit day returns to the charge, sad manned Mt atiertleo. I
dm no believer in The MOrring Jestroni, nor ii it of any im-
portant* whether the Doke made any Such dedaratlen or denies it.
Ms denial. it Is evident from eiperienot, Will not retard him flow(
adopdag any course that may Oast to him ; and therefore it le le-
notary to loot at what the ordinary marmot teems must produce :
that WIN and Must be a renewed ',leaden of the slavery Quesiion
by ear Vponenti, with increased means of annoyance, arising from
tae nottpotatife leisure of Government and the tianyuillity ai the
peg*. The Weer will have nothing to excite thetit, and the Eng.
1* Meat *able to life white* tiotatiott ; and tie curtail haling
dtopped Neer the acme exhibiting *r. O'Connell% entrance into
Pitliansern, will have to be drawn up main to the Arai Ovate of
the Ant act of the West lodiee Matt I.ltts—a Comedy, I hope,
it eNlifirovie. bat it may tarns out a teed (i.)
" Pkviri therefut4e, was a cask( nobs* tiai ado* of a* West
heist lotereeta respired a stricter Misdolidsteerr; and It Is lashint-
ible to dove* thee &mord *rani so Frieda*. The pientere
'broad god task with the pliesertarat home for not defending their
awn* better. wad the thesonown is shared by minty noinsbereal
tha grafrat body enter se home. lon porniatiseilla hang aria*
pally from iptormiee and potty • irtioreejedior.
4i Yon abroad wit toot consider that me bows um battle
to test, and overlook the ciamonemosoe tint the swam* Ors
mentalist the West ittilisbody tore is d. •be viewed; *tr
ier victories we gain, but by lie poosostrieter srh pill lirtrr CIF.
hoe is the defensive we *nide Mt** without abbot the ear:
ilidnef Oddest slid Ma Wel** Of it taltraillnf mg* diem,
sea teshatios. The MiaiMer edam Appear:* die yodits,
Ale ognatues—sioater iiimefatlioilmairy alalit kills ..
iw 1101 y, acmes haunt, Alf fdlii*fitentaviteldliiiiiiilWill
Sada and the Moo been* We nay *end at vidtioniontlf 114
.111) k non At te oft ellomitille fiilttltratly ash hmellploolli.
oldie Cut Indians themselves.

wager duties ; but if it k a obtained, it will be accrimpanied with
an adwadesi of foreign sugars, as equal terms, or at least on very
low preamehm•docies. Nerenbelesa, it would be most prudent
to stremplhen lbe WOK India body. and to allay the discontents and
to sale ell parties in one common bond. It is intended to re-
alities the C0111111*0•11, which, perhaps may infuse into it fresh
Wiser.
“ ha the insandase, you resident. in the West Indies cut net
panty elf week for us. What is to be date with the case of Je-
llaba M dam* to advise; you are fairly committed en hostilities
Wl* Waters on three distinct points • the double duties, the
eta, and the slave question. Mr. Brougham has given notice
ebb Meal= le move fee leave to belag in a Bill to farce the
efieriew of died* evidence measure in the Colonies ; and if be
Emil be sie by the Government, it is not the fifty or silty
West Lab ers who will be able to resist kis motion. I firmly
believe that as wadi igeorance. haste. sad Imprudence, have been
exhibited in the assuagement of the Wombs remedy, as were
evinced by the Ministers who produced the Americas war.. But
as Government cameo now consistsedy. recede, however much
fay may.deplore the infatuation of their predecessors, from the
4e marked out for than. it is but too much to be dreaded that
they should yield to the united clamors of the Seats. the U
berets, and the Methodists.
" Never meld there have beat a Wene time than that us -
kaltily chosen for a dispute with the latter mentioned class of
poems. la Ragland, the idea of oppression in religious mat-
saildll not be tolerated for an lomat. The people at large are
gin aware of the grasping propeeekies of the sectarians, and
'nee adverse to their ambitious schemes; bet they are at yet
=for any interference with their preachers, such as you Pralspeed. You have naked midget 'you a body comprising
about three mildew of members; and dear, indeed. ought to
be the evidence by which you shall jukisfy year peoceedings.
The Atti-Slawry Ripener boldly proclaims the whole evidence
to be printed. respecting the
.Report on the sectarian., to be pro-
cured by subornation of perjury (2). You must prepare, there-
fore, for its being most strictly investigated. I rely upon its troth ;
but, true or false, your fellow colonists may be assured it will be
treated as false. If it be not well supported, these who framed it
may not satisfied with the assurance that they have done more to
ma the West India cause than could have been accomplished .by
the united labour of years. I have no iodisation to criticise the
swim of the Assembly ; but it is rather an awful increase of
elleulty en the West Indians here, to have extraneous subjects. of
alpine with the Government, arising from your proceedings,
mad up with the already aulliciently embarrassing question of
Skeen. It will be dines* also for Ministers, in deciding on the
pat they will adopt, to avoid taking into, consideration the resis-
awe on the double duty question, and the Sectarian clauses in the
Slave ail, as subjects of annoyance against you. V
" The most useful study that could be recommended to pear
Legislator. would be the pages of the Anti-ohrwry Rqtarter, la
which they will regularly lad all the evidence and information
concentrated which are to be used mains you in the House of
Commons, and which have ameiderabb effect on the people (3).
It is not much known. except omen • particular act ; but the
misfortune is that it serves ea a guide to the Parliamentary orator.,
and contains mast elaborate alleretiori to all Pardamenury Papers
which bear on the subject. old peureets in ose view those extracts
which are most susceptible of, being tented to our disadvantage.
To answer this work. therefore—to have a counter-work or a
similar nature is most desirable; and if your journalists would
occasionally comment en its pages, it would be rendering essential
service. Whatever can be dose by way Of counteraction will be
done here ; but any information that can be forniebod by you- will
greatly assist. The Aoti-davery Ripener may independently be
of little consemience, but ft is airy 'dames. as supplying mate-
rials fee debate. I remember one of Mr. Betangbans'a tirades, and
another of Lord Sellield's, which were taken ahnost word for
ward from die Work (4). We here feel the diliceldes arising
from the pertinacious and prestressing attacks of our adversaries,
which you abroad affect to despise.
" A meeting has lately, I understand. been held of the West
India Committee. at which it ha beat resolved to give fresh
swag* to its proceedings, by inviting the assistance of a num-
ber of individuals connected With the West Indies. The dif-
&del of proceeding in this respect has adieu from wishing to
exclude all passes who ate not really West Indian proprietors
interested in the sell. a. the attempts to introduce spies among
am by/. the Si. prove the necessity of doing (3). I cannot
from this renovation, that considerable vigour
2 Ii: 27111. the body, and at ell retina its strength will
he more conedkated sad united. It is determined to prosecute
Ibkil all their energies the redaction of the setae duties, and to &p-
-rod to the poople (6), in case of a Talkie with Miebtess, by ano-
ther petition to Putnam, similar to that to ably introduced by
Mr. Alareietsacqt . By the bye, where was Mr. Barry's rectil.
baton is the sopinetteas of the West Indians, what he
emitted to soda r. Pelbeires eartleits, sad the "mai of
Laid Sashed in the goose et lards lest year—mecca, which
Imo brought down on his Lordship the accumulated wrath of she
Seats r (7) *.i.
(2) We challenge its garbled er eduction.
(3) How .41fferart as Adenine do the West adieu in reality
fens of this publication from that iwkidt the British Critic has
diktat to form of it ? We have alert, in this private communica- •
klblaanot a word of its *behead.
(4) flow Is it.possible that *ere should oat be a coincidence
the stmeniesti of three ditiagekhed individuals and The
Reporter, when both alraw.their facts from the same
elk id sources?
These is laniiiini swami, Shard Is this affected fear if
opiate's coo the Feet of the Saints. While the West India body
contains each members as the writer of this letter and his age car
rapoodeni in Jamaica, and; data all; iiblie their own authenticaied
records are accessible..the Saint. need. be .thiven to no such haw
apedient, even if they could nova its Ale.
(4) The Ida le sot a bide ameibig of di *telt to the people of
Ragland to supped, by bounties and protealog deties,.the system
.of abomination which they have it:Solved to esdaguiek root and
branch.
(7) Thk menage,s halation et eimth on sptisi Lard Se.fired
consist simply in *4 The Anti-sbvery Rtporter;' No. 40, which.
in point of fact, iisethag mire talk . edit; filispeate, and de-
-4111111111 refutation of every polkas in the two *awes spathes of
his Lordship. We now know who lona the Oral* of the West
Indian came, in dile cattail; alai lit die jeftment Si the West
Indian party—vit. Mr. Palliser sad Laid *dart
