VADMI

. xi

MOIMAT, JAr. 27.—Diike of Sussex born.
TeemsAr—Day increased one hour and eight minutes.
WenintsoAr—King Gnoitcx IV. Accession 1820.
TuuasnAv—King Osmium I. illirtyrdom.
FRIDAY—King Genesis IV. Proclaimed.
SArttaisav, Fu t.—The sun rises at XS minutes atter seven

t•c%. ./.
,P,BANCH PARMA- ' . .
. c.:
r
....implisixtilitiost4 • •
Tol.copitertztrpostier.
'rhe-eewrii of rear gaiti itrerigtliesiere di I .dcid-
L-tritetrareitsiken of, which would make as.bdierre
that, the Army was put on a war footing. -The Re-
giments of the Royal Guard are. designa:ed,„ which
are to'match after.heving drawn lots; the Generals
• are mentioned who have received orders.toverre,
for the campaign. The Duke of Angouleme vs to be
General-in-Chief, it is said, and'have under fill:sir:octets'
the Marshals Dukes of Belluno and Reggie.. The
cavalry is to be commanded by General 13ourdesouli.
An Army of Reserve is also spoken of, to be formed
at Tours, under the orders of Marshal Suchet.
But what has carried the alarm of the citizens to
an extreme, is the affectation with which some Jour-
nals insinuate that the Austrians are to move towards
Nice—the Pru isians and Bavarians towards the Rhine.
These are the reports which are constantly circulated
by 'certain foreign agents, and that the IMO®
Russians destined so long to sustain the Greeks, are
coming with forced marches to chastise the Spaniards.
Everybody knows that Fianca is the high road to the
Pyrenees, - and it known what every day's ration
and remaining in the country will cost.
The finances of the three Governments which for-
merly divided Maud, to pacify it, ate not in a very
brilliant state, but according to our fanatics, those of
France can and ought to answer all demands ; for at
present nobody' flatters himself that England will
subsidize. Russia to ensure her dominion over the
Continent, and to facilitate her acquisition of some
important point in the Mediterranean.
It was yesterday remarked, that the English sold
large quantities of Rentes, and this circumstance con-
tributed not a little to the fall of the Funds. This is
the more vexatious, as the time approaches for paying
the liquidation, and all the calculatiant ofthe Minister
of Finance for the two last Sessions will be very much
deranged.
It has been observed, however, with pleasure, that
the Journal des DeGats preserves a profound silence
on the reports of war. It was announced the day
before yesterday, that yesterday it would contain a
very warlike article. Perhaps it was better to post-
pone it, on account of the strong symptoms of a fall
in credit, and of unquietness, which are so manifest.
We are, however, in the most extraordinary posi-
tion that a country with a Representative Government
can well be in. his a received axiom, that such a
'Government is a Government of opinion, but ninety.
nine out of a hundred people in France ardently desire
peacei•and that of the insignificant fraction which
speaks for war, there is a large part which can not
see it undertaken without uneasiness.
How does it happen, then, that it is decided on ?!.,
This is a problem very difficult to resolve.
The Etoile speaks, as we see, as .if war were al-
ready declared ; tt smiles at the public losses, and
only sees in the invasion a. means of destroying French
Revolutionists. This is the language of our fanatic*.
What a future prospect for France, if the Governor
ment is so weak as to allow itself to be conducted by
these embittered people ! The same Journal quotes
the triumphs of the Ar my of the Faith as if it believed
them. When will it leave of Considering the French
people as dupes?
PROM Tile •Col7llI en 211.10:011.
PARIS, JANUARY 23:
The Public Funds have confirmed falling to-day.
This fall, whiCh was stopped at themoment of shut-,
ting the bar, has since continued. Ir is superfluous
to say that this fall has been occasioned by the opinion
more and more believed that war is resolved on, and.
that the part of the Ministry till now favourable to
the maintenance of peace, have thought necessary,
for the preservation of their places, to join themselves,
to the partisans of war. The Journal des Debars,'
which, for theseven or eighth time within these two
months, has changed its tone, doctrine, and line Of
conduct, is quoted as indisputable authority by those
who pretend that the Minister,' whose organ it hoe-
nouneed his pacific plan in order to keep his place; it
is one of those sudden conversions very count:on in
the time in which we live, the example of which M.
de Montmorency has at least had the honour nod to
imitate. There is also quoted today, in support of
the rumours of war, an aswer of his-Excellency the
Minister of the Interior to some represetitations that
have been made in favour of commerce, from .which
answer his Excellency appeared more struck with the
doctrines developed in the Notes of the Allied Peletrs,
than with that solicitude of whigh 'cOsno*Oe-
lieves, for the interest of Frances, it ought/Nth..the
special object. •• ..1 1'
I. •* •
'To corplete the disappoirittnont of atedsibleenten,
or to rejoice those who are gifted With gaiety i4ffi-'
ciently tenacious to laugh at the most scriotts.sUbjects,
the Etoile giv es us this evening a view of•the4siskoors-
able chances that a Ware against'Spain presents. In
it is also seen that the Ariei of the Faith, whkh
have not been able ;o stand against a handful of Cons
stitutional soldiers, will become invincible, Oise sup-
ported by 100,000 French, which litoidtetlAcrutpd
French are reduced to a body of 40 • asseooo',iik n nt.;
bled on the frontiers. • •
It says also that the Army of . has
arrived on the border of the Ebro- will clietii4 laws
to the rest of Spain, nearly like the FtenCh Army,
mistress of Madrid, of Seville, of Saragossa, of all the
fortresses, and of all the towns, dictated laws to the
Cortes of Cadiz, and to the population of Spain.
Certainly, the French armies will sustain in Spain the
mutation of bravery which they have so justly ac-
quired ; but it will he very difficult to preserve in
Europe our reputatiou of. ass intelligent .and
enlight-
ened nation, if strangers read with aris•-attentinn the
miserable things that our Ministerial Jourtuill utter
every day concerning si war, a country, and a. tintrie.,
of which they have not the slightest !lotion,
The following is the article in time Etoik of Thaii.
.day evening, to which the above extracts -allude t,
Gs The Marquis de Lauriston, Minister of the King's Mousy-
hold, is to set out in a few days for,* Army of Observation.
4. The • Htegeiwy of Spain has returned into Spanish Cerclagne.
• 44 Yesterday evening General Quesada bad a tong Conference
whir 71. de Villete.
• 4. Don Santos Ladron has defeated a diyision of the Constl.:
isitionalists, in Navarre. - • , • . • •
• 4 The Duke de Guiclui#and fete MOM de, Minas, arearao4
the nuniber of the .General Officers whe Ere to accompany she
• Doke d'Aegouleme. It is belieiett Shut 'his•aciyal -Highness
will establish himself oaths side at.hlararre.
• A coweany of the Gado du Corps is forming, by draughts

from the fohr compsnles, to accompany his Rival Highness •
the Duke d'Angouictne.
" Yesterday, the Regiments of Cesar? wbtch are to be **
to Spain were drawn by lot. The int-fell on the two Regiments
of Calrassiers, that of the Dragoons and that of the Cha.seura,
Tice Regiments of infantry which are to march will lat: mu e.
(flail)? selected. • -
" The garrison of Lille has set out fof the' Army of Moil::
vation, and all the Regrments of the Gated Wended to be seta
will -- begin their march.

,t

• •

.soon.
" The Army of Obscrvidoo will
.bs raises. to 100,0e0 MVO
as speedily as possible. .;
..General llourdesoA pppf446l Commander of tt.e Ca•
valry of the Army of Observailoin:
" The acpirafte tif thaillanot h 34w
t •
mentioned." ' " •
.

T F. 'lo.' F-4".:11 IN 4:
...1.7,1`..4

LONDON.

. NTONIM V, JANUARY 27, 1825.
rit !CPS 01.' STOCKS .AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 210% 21.1-3 per Cent. Ited.77N
3 rer Cent Consols 765 t %
31,4 per Ct. 895 per Cents.old, 95% %VG
4. per Cents. New 4.5.1,e2 POY4
Bank Long Anus. 19%'20 19 15-10
Imperial 3 per Cents. 76A
India Bonds .10s. 375. pr.—South Sea Stock 87% •
Ecchequerlls of 121,000, 134. 15t. pr
Consols for Acct. 77 76n. .

In another column we have given extracts. &cm"
the principal French Papers of Thursday andEtidali
from which it will be seen that the rumours of war

are becoming more consistent. The Ultra Jout;;;'

the Etoile, has statement% of appointments,and
movement.; which several of the other Papeis
copy literally,'While the Monitcur, which also quotes
the Etoide, only gives the substance of its statements,
without a single remark. The observations of the
more respectable of the other. Journals on these war- •
like paragraphs we have given.
The Constihttiounel asserts that "ninety.nine out rt
every hundred of the French ardently desire peace.

If this Journalist bad said that ninety-nine out of eves y
hundred deprecated a war against the Spanish Con-

stitutionalists, he would have been nearer the mull:

for the fact is, that the Ultra partisans of the DoUR.
BONS, and their enemies, equally wish for u%ii,
though with very different views—the former in.
order that the ancient despotism may be restora,
while the lattet, in the threatened war, look forwar4
to the final overthrow of the BovnaoNs ; but that a
war against the liberties of- Spain is deprecated in
France,. is evident by the state of the Funds, which
still continue to fall rapidly.. The French. Realer;
which on the 12th of Decem-ber were at 90f. 40 c
were on Thurslay last 'as low as 77 f. 50 c. Lad
_closed at 78 f. 30 c.
This fa is stated by the Courier Fransais to bate
been occasioned by *the opinion, that war ii rocirc4
on, and that the pare of the Ministry till now five's:,
able to the maintenance of peace, have thought)*
cessary, for the preservation of their places, to. jbia
themselves to the partisans of war." . •
The Journal des Debars, the supposed organ of
M. de VILLELE, which has veeredabout-coreidlrahly
during the last two mouths,. has a,tautious artidc,
complaining of the injury dime.:to:cOnimerce by 14
citculation of reports, which are fabricated, and base
but twenty-four hotirs currency before they ate con,
tradicted. Such, it states, •was the report that the
Ambassadors of the [ldly Alliance had left Mediiiti
long before the account could reach Paris; •
This Journal denies that an Austro-Bavarian Arid
will be formed'on the Rhine, or that a single military.:
movement has taken place among the Coithitatat-
forces, not even to the changing of a military Corps
All these reports are stated to be Stock jobbing
rumours.

The Doc de SAN LORENZO, the Spanish Arab*
sador in Paris, has delivered to the French Ministas-
for Foreign Affairsl.the Circular Address of the 44'
nish Government to their Legations ; but this ea*,
municaticat,'Which Was merely matter of centre, w 4
not accorni.mied by any particular observation; mil
the Duke has not demanded his passports. L
The Russian Ambassador left Madrid on the 144
the Prussian on the 15th, and the Austrian on the
16th ; bet the Charge d'Affaires of the latter Pewee
has left his Secretary of Legation as Charge d'Affaires
foe.. the Hanse Towns. Austria
.wai Ina, accre-
dited at the Spanish Court as the. Representatiye of
these Towns.
The French Chambers meet to-morrow, when 'ft
is expected that the Kate's Speech will convey de e•
sive information as to the question of ,war'or peace:
this we much doubt, for. it by no Means apPeui
certain that the'French Cabinet is folly agreed tom_
that point. •
Every account from France represents#St'rtsr
as placing herself in as 'formidable an attittnie
existing circumstances will alloVri and we
that it is intended, in the fitsi'instance,"to' fiber*
Army et Observation to 83,000 siren, ,
from the fortified places in the North,o4Kom irr
Kingdom, where they hire hitherto
greater part of theit garrisbets; lusiisopplyhig.slair
places by means el _ 60dd,
by this'means, to obtain about 30,066 infttaci4h°ll
about 10,000 from -the troops who usually perfer•
the service of the c7tpitirlaittellikaddett-- &fah this
At yangivtent, the A rmY *l4 tbetleitifiilt coasistecliif
about-40,000 men, which, erlsit the fei7ttorie*lii
have stated, would make the slumber Atute, bit

~,,jkstand that the French Government las
K„iedged itself to bring three. Corps, ainounting. t 0
o-poo men each, into the Geld.--a pledge ?which it is
to redeem as quickly as 'circumstances will *now.
in won, Prussia, it is said,' la's agreed tti 'assemble
oo te Lower Rhine, 60,006 men; early in the Spring,
for the purpose probably. of Ftybing any symptoms
ci digonrent that may manifest themselves in the
Netherlands or France. Austria, it is also said, will
f,rni a powerful Army of Observation in the North
t.i/taiy, whose ulterior destination is to be regulated
by circumstances. Russia, which is the grand lever
the whole mass which is to be set in motion against
whose cause is now identified with the general
liberties of mail, has, it is stated, offered her aid to
extent that France may deem necessat y.

IVe have received the Madrid Papers to the 16th I
instant. The Papers of the 15th announce the de-
rune of the Ministers of the three principal Powers
of the Holy Alliance. The Russian Envoy left Ma-
drid in the morning of the llth, and was soon after
ooseed hr those of Austria and Prussia. They all
three took the road for Bayonne.
The details of the measure fur recruiting the army
still before the Cottes; but there is nothing
rein:irkable in the Sittings of the Cm tes. On the 13th
„„,i WI a great number r f Addresses were pre.
rented tiom diffetent Public Bodies, Corporations,
the National Militia, and various Military Corps, in
;pprohation of the Answers of the Government to
tae Notes of the foreign Powers, and the votes of the
Cones on those Answers.
A letter received in Madrid, from a little town of
Old Castile, states, that while the factious leader ME.
AINO was there with his followers, he was informed
t::tt the immediate advance of the French was ex-
pected. Ile' replied—" Would they were here to-
morrow; for in that case I vow to pay them what I
owe them. I shall give them even a wais‘tor recep-
fon than I did in the war of independence."
Upon this letter the Universal observes —" This is
what we have always said, and again repeat, that if
t:;e Fiends have the folly to invade Spain, all the
factious now in arms against us will be among their
grertest enemies; and as they have at present only
united all real Constitutionalists by their ill .advised
Notes, 60 will they then convert even the factious and
be Serviles."

This forenoon we received a German Mail, with
ifiankfort PApers to the 20th instant, and the Aus-
trian Überver to the 144.11 instant. The latter Jour-
Pal is entirely silent on the affairs of Greece and
Turkey. The following articles are from the Frank-

fort Papers :
TRIESTB, DECEMBER 16.
We have received the following accounts from An,
cona:—The Spanish Consul residing at Ancona has
been-recalled CO Nlatirid,, and will shortly sail on
board a Spanish merchantman. ' This seems to be iii
consequence of the notice 'received by the Spanish
Ambassador destined for -Rome, that-he will not be
received by his Holiness.
1 An lonian vessel has arrived at Ancona with the
Greek Primate, Paleopatron, Archbishop of Patna.'
He has with him a Deacon, several Priests, and other
attendants, and also the son of Pietro Bey, Chief of
nainit. They compose a Deputation which is said
to he coszmissioned to treat at Rome about the ninon
of the Greek and Latin Churches, and to solicit thel
protection and mediation of his Holiness against the
Turks.
Lon! Strangford, in spite of the contrary winds
and most stormy weather, bad gone to Corfu, to pro-
ceed from that island to Constantinople.
Accounts from Catania of the 19th of December,'
say that some rain had at length fallen on the
southern coast of Sicily after an unparalleled drought
of a whole year's continuance.
STUTGARLI, JANUARY 16.
Letters from Genoa say, that the Philliellenes will
not be allowed in future to embark at Marseilles, or
to pap the French fiontiers. It is incredible what
diffieulties the French 'Police. has latterly thrown in
the' way of the Philliellenes. Some of them, after
being at the expense of about 40 francs for the gem
d'armes, were, indeed, permitted to proceed to Lyons,
there to wait far their passports from Paris: but
though they were signed by the French Ambassador
at Berne, and countersigned by the Minister of the
Interior, with permision to continue their journey,
they were, however, obliged by the Bens d'arrues to
Haim
The Philhellenes already in Marseilles had not
only their Cartes de Sureie, but even their passports
taken from them. It is thought that these measures
proceed from the fears of the French Police that they
may join the Constitutional Spaniards. The activity
of the Societies ['c,r the aid of the Greeks has not been
at all interrupted by these circumstances.
An article from Cologne, dated January 5 says—
" We are in danger of perishing by hunger and thirst.
The Rhine is frozen up; the water is so low that all
cur wells arc dry. We must have recourse to the
Rhine, the water of which is hardly drinkable. No
water-mill can work, and the wind-mills have stood
still for this fortnight. For several days the Chinches
have been crowded with supplicants, itaploting
HEAVEN for achange in die weather."
MAYENCE,JaaItIART 17.
•
With respect to the deliberations of the Central
Committee for the navigation of the Rhine, sitting at
llayence, M. Jacobi, the Prussian Commissioner,
'titted, itl the 255th 'Sitting, that M. Delius, resi-
dent of the Government of Treves, was. arrived at
MAyence, to be present in his stead at the discussions
tenniy to take place on the plan already cothmuni-.1
rated by his Court to the Governments of all the
tit Ates on the Banks of the Rhine for a final regula-
tion of the navigation. M. Delius was immediately
introduced, and a confident hope seems to be enter-,
lamed that the object of the Committee will be soon
attained, in a manner which shall be agreeable to the
interests of all the parties concerned.
YIS"A, JAK. 10.—Metaniques, 64 5-16; Bank Shares, 9.18.
J.K. 11.—Sletalliques, 94i; Bank Shares, 98it-3-5.

•
•:Mf!. enstotwc, is a letter to the Freemen of liver-
pot, has declined offering himself apri* to represent
that town, stating as .t reason, his inability to give
to ale important cluties of melt a charge, the 4=-
14)3 it requires, •

AMERICAN PAPERS.
, •
.:-
Philadelphia Papers to the2ld alt. and aradeston
Papers to she 11th ult. *kited its nth :Bionti ng.—
One of th:m contains a iisagytociamatliiit from the
Emperor of BRAZIL, dated ltioJaneiro, list ()embers
from which we make the following extracts: ,
rifoC MAT lAN ABSTRACT.

" Portuguese !—All force is unavailing against the will of a
people who will not be slaves. The history of the world con-
firms this truth,which is moreover confirmed by the rapid events
that have taken place in this vast empire. Deceived in the be-
ginning by the flattering promises of the Congress of Lisbon,
then convinced of the futility of these promises ; finding itself
betrayed in its most sacred rights and its dearest interests, and
with no other prospective for the future but that of a recoloni-
zation, and that a thousand times more tyrannical than the ar-
bitrary conduct of a despot.
" 'I he great and generous Brazilian Nation has gone through
the different alterations of too great credulity, of just mistrust,
and of deep hatred ; hence, the _People have taken the unanimous
resolution to have a Legislative Assembly of their own, from
whose wisdom, and prudence should result the new social com-
pact which is to govern them, and they have already commenced
this glorious task. They have unanimously chosen me for their
perpetual defender, an honourable charge, which I have proudly
accepted, and which I shall know how to fulfil at the expense of
my blood. This first act, which ought to have opened the eyes
of the Congress, and shewn them the deep abyss into which they
were going to precipitate the whole nation, and which ought to
have rendered them more cautious and just in their proceedings,
has only served to inflame (corrusica) the passions of many de-
magogues, who, for your shame, hold a seat in the august
sanctuary of the laws. All the measures which had a ten-
dency
to keep Brazil under the irdu yoke of slavery, have
-met the approbation of the Congress. Troops have been or-
der. d to conquer it, under the frivolous pretext of suppressing
its factions ; the Brazilian Deputies have been insulted and their
lives threatened; the Lord Dun John VI. my father, has been
obliged to descend from the high dignity of a Constitutional
Monarch, to the hard captivity in which he lives, and to figure
as a mere publisher of their ravings, and the unruled will of
those corrupt Ministers, and of the factious in the Congress,
whose names will announce Hick climes to posterity, and the heir
of the Throne to have been scoffed at and insulted by those very
persons, who ought to teach the people to respect me, in such
critical circumstances. The heroic people of Brazil, seeing all

means of reconciliation cut off, have made use of a right which
nobody can contest, by declaring me, on the 12th of this month,
their Constitutional Emperor, and proclaiming their independ-
ence. Portuguese ! I offer you the term of four months for
your decision ; decide then and there, either a continuation of
a friendship founded on the principles of justice and generosity—
on the ties of blood, and mutual interests—or the most violent
war, which can only end in the acknowledgment of the inde-
pendence of Brasil, or the ruin of both States.
a Palace of Rio Janeiro, October 21, 1822."
BALTDIORE, DECEMBER 19.

' Sr. SA LVA MR.—By the schooner Lorenzo, arrived
in this, port yesterday from St. Salvador, we learn
that Bahia was governed by martial law, under Bri-
;adier-General Maderia. All the Brazilian regular
troops were disarmed on the l'ith February last.—
The Brazilian army is near the city, and the out-posts
are. daily skirmishing : many lives have been lost.—
General Maderia received on the 3d a reinforcement
of 3000 men, which makes his Corce74ooo: -Nu com-
i munication is allowed with the country. .

A Messenger was dispatched a few day, ago after
Lordrresttoittscn4gßaz-r, with impos taut instructions.
• • SieuARLEs Stta'ax is about to return from Paris;
and Viscount GAAsvitAit is expected to set out im-

mediately as his. successor.
A considerable pan of 'the roof of the celebrated nunnery of
Tana has fallen to the ground. The ruins have buried under
them the greatest number of the beautiful and antique tomb-
stones of the sisterhood.
Isaac ikaskezaunwc, Esq. brother to the County Member, is
appointed to the Office of Stamp Distributor for the districts of
Salford and AMOUTlaeThitt, vacant by the death of Mr. Mein.
It is now'genorally undetatood, that a Commission in the case
of the Earl of Pounstounit has been sealed. It is directed to
Mr. TOOWILII, Ali. Srcjeant littit.ock, Mr. EVANCL, Mr. Witte.
TIT, Mr. POILUMORT' Mr. WINITI4kIISII, and Mr. CARR as'
Commissioners, and is to be executed on Monday, the 10th of
February next. at the Freemasons Tavern, Greet queen-street,
Lincoln's Inn.fiekls. The Commitsloners having received the
Commission, forthwith limited their precept to the Sheriff to
winnows Airy for that day.
la consequence of the severe weather there was no arrival
of mails at Penzance from Sunday se'nnight until Wednesday I
morning; and, .down to Saturday, no mail-coach had left itak
town since the Sunday morning.
TOE PARKS were -yesterday erowderintith COT:Tarty. Notwith-
standing the badness of the ice (front the Leavy
fall of snow),
many exeellent shatters exhibited tin.tr prowess on the Serpentife.l
to the gratification of their !Male admirers.
Knio's Tsurazaz.—Rossisn's fine Opera of if Torteredi was II
performed on Saturday ev,,soing, and introduced two new per-
formers.. Stignors Dsvotn:nru and Signora KLIMA, who were ex-
tectlitigly well received. Thei house was well attended.
COVENT OARDITIL—Xing. Henry Sc: Eighth was repeated en Sa-
turday evening, and the excellent acting of blatax.sor, C.
linnets, aad Mrs. Mimi", afforded a high treat to a vary au-
nicious audience.
MELANCHOLY ‘DEATH.—Saturday night, an In-
quest was held before TDOSIAS HIGGS, Esq. Coroner,
at the Committee-room, St. James.% Infirmary, West-
minster, on the body 'of James Empson, who was re-
ported to have died from starvation tnid want of me-
dical aid, having, for a 'considerable pefiod, had no
place to sleep in, except a stable with horses. The
Jury having viewed the body (and a more piteous
spectacle was perhaps never beheld, it being a mere
skeleton), retuened a verdict—i, That the deceased
died by the visitation of GOD ;" but they were gene-
rally of opinion that exposure to the severity of the
Weather, and want of proper -food and medicine, had
accelerated his death.
• Saturday, an Inquest was ,held at the. King's Head,
James-street, Westminster, on • the body of Eleanor
Jane Bowman, five years of age, whose parents live
in the Almonry, end who, in the absence of her ma,
ther, set tit e to her cloaths, and died in ennsegtienct% in
theWeitminster Hospital. Verdict—Accidental Death.
THE Mara It; Eotroartos.---Nlany objections
having been started t' the introduction of the whole,
Bible in Schools, a Selection has been made by the
Rev. S. Ilannow, of every interestiag Narrative in
both Testaments, in the very words of the originals ;
and these printed on a, large type, with NO En-
gravings, will be published ilia few days, of coot se
constituting one of the most desirable, and, when ge-
nerally known, the Most universal of School Books.
A new road through Chichester-and Petworth is
about to be formed from Portsmouth to Loodow,-by
which it tlist.ince of ten miles will be sal!el
