PARLIAMENTARY REVERIE.

The Marquis of BLANDFORD presented a petition from Horsham,
praying for parliamentary reform.
hlr. O'CONNELL presented a petition, with the same prayer, front
the association for radical reform, meeting at the Rotunda in Black-
friars-road. The petitioners stated, that they had read with indignation
a declaration made bb the Duke of Wellington in the House of lards,
that no reform was wanted in the present representative system of the
country. They implored the house not to believe one word of that de-
claration (a laugh,) and concluded by praying for a bill to establish ra-
dical reform—a prayer in which he (Mr. O'Connell) heartily eon.
cured ( Hear.)
Mr. WARBURTON, in presenting a petition, of which neither
she prayer nor the name of the petitioners reached the gallery, ut-
tered an expression of regret that none of the ministers were in the
house.

Mr. HUME said that he was sorry to differ from his hon. friend
with whom be had so often the happiness to agree. He thought that
the house would be much better constituted, if no placeman took a place
is u, and if ministers when present were only allowed to explain their
measures, and not to vote upon them. Among the changes which
be expected would now shortly take place, one most advisable change,
in his opinion, would be the fixing of some limit to the number of
admissions into that house, of individuals dependent on the Crown,
from holding naval and military commissions under it. The
number of such members, he believed, was at present nearly
equal to a third part of the house, and was a great, enormous, and cry.
ing evil. He believed that every naval and military officer considered
himself independent, but when they looked forward to their promotion,
he was afraid that a change sometimes came over their views of public
questions almost unknown to themselves. He was therefore of opinion
that the house would never fairly represent the opinions of the peo-
ple until all naval, military, civil, and other officers, were prohibited
from holding seats in that house. (Peals of laughter.) lie said that
not an East India director,—no, nor a Bank director either,—no, nor
any one holding a monopoly under the Crown, the King's printer in.
chided among the rest,—should be allowed to have a seat in that house.
(laughter continued.) That was his view of things, and he believed
that the people went along with him in it. He did not expect to see
such a reform carried all at once ; but the thing must come gradually
down, and he should be happy to see the day when no minister should
have a place in that house, except for the sake of explaining his mea-
sure..

The Sheriff's of London presented at the bar two petitions from the
Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London,
one relative to the rates for London Bridge, and the other calling for
parliamentary reform. The first was referred to the Bridge Committee.
On moving that the latter be read,
Mr. Alderman WOOD availed himself of the opportunity to state the
reasons why the Corporation of London had again come forward to
petition for parliamentary reform. The members of the Common
Council being elected annually, might fairly be considered as represen-
tatives of the feelings of the thousands by whom they were elected. They
knew that their constituents were as favourable to reform at the present
moment as they had ever been in past times ; but they likewise knew
that it would be impossible to collect them together and to gains decla-
ration of their sentiments in the Common Hall in the short time allowed
them by the notice which the hon. and learned member for York.
shim had given of his motion on this snbject. If that peat body had
assembled, he had no doubt but that 99 out of every 100 persons who
constituted it, would have signed a similar petition to the present.—
( Hear, from Mr. Brougham.) The leading members of the corpora.
tion had therefore assembled the common council, and their reason fn
so doing, was the declaration recently made by the Duke of Welling.
ton—that the country required no change in its reps esentative sys.
rem. ft was impossible that they should sit silent titer such a decla.
ration, because they knew that their constituents were suffering severely
in consequence of the want of reform ; for till reform was granted'
they did not expect that any of those reductions in expenditure would
be made to which they Mt themselves entitled. He hoped that by
the decision of that night his lkonstitnents would be satisfied that
reform was at hand. (Hear, hear.) Indeed, it was impossible that
it should be otherwise, after the division of last night,: (hear, hear,
hest)—s division at which he was sorry that severe indisposition pre-
vented him from being present. The declaration in the King's speech,
followed up by the postponement of the King's visit to the city, led
him to think that it was time for the Government to be changed. (chins)
The worthy: alderman then proceeded to comment upon the impro
ety of which the Lord Mayor and Sir Claudius Hunter had beensuilty,
In making communications to the Government, without any authority
from his brother magistrates, but was met with loud and long continued
cries of 6 Question,' which prevented us from hearing him comedy.
" I must blame ministers," said the worthy Alderman, " for being
frightened by two such persona, when 1 believe, indeed I am sure, they
might have gone to the city—l would have ons all in my power to
preserve them, (roars of laughter) and been as safe in their seats at
Guildhalls, they are here or anywhere else."

RESIGNATION OF NINISTIRS.
On the question being again put, that the above-mentioned petition
be read,
Sir it. PEEL rose. Every eye was instantly directed towards him,
and the most complete silence pervaded the house. The right boo.
baronet spoke as follows :—"Sir,—Thedeepand unfeigned respectiwhich
I owe to this house induces me to take the earliest possible ',opportunity
of publicly stating, here in my place, that, in consequence of what
occurred last night, I have felt it my duty to wait upon the King,
and humbly and respectfully to inform his Majesty, that I per-
ceive it is no longer in my power to undertake the administra-
tion of public affairs, so far as the administration of those affairs de.
pends upon me, either with satisfaction to my own feelings, or with per-
fect advantage to the country. Sir, his majesty has been gra-
ciously pleased to accept the resignation thus tendered on my part,
and I leave to inform the house, therefore. that I consider myself as
holding the seals of the Home Department, only until his majesty shall
have been enabled to appoint a successor to me in the office which I
have resigned. The same, Sir, is the case with the other members of
the government. They all onsider themselves as boldly g their respec-
tive officesonly until their successors shall be appointed.'e
Lord ALT HORP said, in consequence of the communication which
we have just received from the right hon. baronet, I am sure that every
gentleman will feel that it would be most improper and most incorrect
to undertake any serious and important debate under such circumstances.
There is no longer any administration in existence, and I hope that my
hon. and learned friend (Mr. Brougham) will not submit to the house
this evening, a qu.ation of so much importance as that of which he has
given notice. In my memoiy, no important question has ever been dia.
cussed under much circumstances ; and I trust, therefore, that for this
reason as well as for the advantage of the question, my hon. friend (Mr,
Brougham) will comply with the suggestion I now make to him.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, I am sure that the respect which I feel for
this house is, on all occasions, fully equal to that which has been so fitly
and so gracefully expressed by the right hon. secretary (Sir R. Peel).
I do, however. feel the greatest repugnance to purling off the motion'
which stands for this evening. My noble friend (Lord Althorp) near me
is quite right in saying that no question of so much importance has
ever before been brought forward, when there was deficiency in the ef-
fective Government ; but my difficulty is this, namely, that no question
of somaim ce—no question involving such mighty and extensive
intents ever yet been discussed at all, under any circumstances,
within the walla of this house. Sensible, therefore, of the deep re-
sponsibility which I have incurred in undertaking to bring for.
ward a question of such vast importance, I cannot help feeling the
difficulty in which I am placed, in being cancan by my noble friend to
defer it--especially as the suggestion of my noble friend has been backed 1
in some degree by the expromion of similar opinions on the part of
others. I am anxious, of course, both from the respect I owe to the
house, sod out of regard to' the interests of the question itself, to defer
to the declared sense of the 'house, either as to the shape in which I shall
bring forward the motion, either as tothe manner is which I shall being
it forward, or as to the time at which I shall bring it forward. I throw
myself, therefore. fully, freely, and respectfully upon the house. If the
motion be put off, I own it will be contrary to my opinion, and to my
wishes; the house may be right, or it may be wrung; I may be right,
or I may be wrong ; but I think that I am right, and I beg it, therefore,
to be understood, that what I do, I do in deference to the wishes of the
house. And farther, as no change thatmay occur in the Administration
can by any possibility affect me, I beg it to be understood that. in put-
ting off the motion, I will put it off:until the 26th of this mouth and
DO langsr. (Cheers.) I will then, and at no more distant period,
bring forward the question of Parliamentary reform, whatever may be
the condition of circumstances, and whosoever may he his Majesty's
ministers. (chews.)
Sir K. PEEL said—.l feel it necessary, in order to guard against any
misunderstanding, to trespass again for a few moments upon the atten.
tie. of the house. I am not apprehensive of any thing I have said
being misunderstood here ; but,- in order to guard against any mis-
apprehension going forth to the counny, 1 may be allowed to
notice one expression which fell from the noble lord (Althorp)
opposite. I know, very well, what the noble lord meant, but out
of doers the expression to which I allude may possibly be miscon.
strued. The noble lord said, "There is no longer any Adminis-
tration in existence." This is, no doubt, in effect true; but it
ought to be generallknown and understood, that until my successor
is appointed, I am In full possession of the authority of the Secretary
of Stite for the Home Deportment ; and that I am quite prepared, If
public should require me, to exercise that authorkfto its ut-
most extent ), being quite =oddest that I shall receive the
support of As hoose and of the cottony, if I exert that an in
any case in which the public welfare alit for the exertion of it (loud
obet7front all parts of the house.)
ALTHORP said—l assure the right hon. 'maw, that I_dld
not roisondeemand him. Gots forbid that I should have to
him soy disponi= se allow the public eery= to mar 'okay, in son-
=pass of the changes which are shoat to mks Pelee. AU I Immo

' vu, that under such circumstances, motions of so much importance as
that of my hon. and learned friend have never been discussed in Paz-
I lament.

Sir R. PEEL raid—My explanation was intended to prevent mis-
conception out of doors. I was well aware that the noble lord had not
misunderstood me.
Mr. Alderman WAITH MAN rose amidst loud murmurs, and so
much noise, that for some time he was totally inaudible in the pllery.
When the worthy alderman's voice could be bard, he observed that the
petition from the city of London had met with more complete concur-
rence than any other petition he recollected.
The petition was then read, and ordered to be printed.
As soon as this discussion terminated, we observed many members
of the Opposition quit their places, and shake Sir R. Peel very ourdially
by the hand.
Lord FORDW ICH presented a petition from Canterbury, praying
for reform in Parliament.

Lord NUGENT presented a similar petition from High Wycomb.
Mr. Daxrrwx and Mr. Horns postponed the presentation of similar
petitions which had been intrusted to them.
Sir T. ACLANDpresented a petition from South Molton, against
the duty on cosh coastwise.
Air. WYSE presented a petition from C.arrick.on-Suir, praying for
the repeal of the union. The hon. member made some obaervathm,
which were not audible in the gallery.
Mr. O'CONNELL begged to support the prayer of the petition.
Sir G. MURRAY presented copies of correspondence between the
United States and Great Britain, respecting commercial intercoune
with the West Indian colonies.—To be printed.
Mr. W. WHITMORE moved for returns of the quantity of grain
and flour imported into this country during the last ten years.
On the motion of Mr. HERRIZS, the Report of the Committee of
Supply was brought up, read, and agreed to.
Several election petitions, among edam one from Reading, agaiost
the return of Mr. Russell, and from Peterdeld, against the return of
Sir Wm. Jolliffe and his brother, were presented, and appointed for
the 4th of Japuary next.
Sir J. MACDONALD presented a petition from Lord Porchester
and Mr. Ogle, and also from several voters for Petenfield, complaining
of the retain of Sir William Jolliffe, and his brother, Mr. Gilbert Jol.
lire. The petition stated, that the returning Mika is nominated by the
lee' jury, a body carefully selected by the steward of the court, from
the friends and dependents of the lord of the manor, Mr. Jolliffe; that
the returning officer at the last election was a tenant of Mr. Jolliffe,
and his manor an attorney from Croydon, in Surrey, who acted as
mayor In IBA at the request of Mr. Jolliffe; that by the partial,
illegal, and arbitrary conduct of the mayor and his assesses, Lord
Porehester and Mr. Ogle were deprived of the votes of many
boos foie electors upon the most frivolous objections—such
as that they were not in possession of their tide deeds, although they
offered attested copies, and proved that Mr. Jolliffe held the original
deeds as the owner of the largest part of the property held under the same
title, and although they had bona fide paid the purchase-money, and
been in possession and received the rents for several years; that the
Mayor admitted many pastas to vote in the Jolliffe interest, who were
not 6ossajlide freeholders, and particularly that, though it vas admit-
ted by the Mayer, that persons had polled at former elections for Mr.
Jana, who bad only faggot votes, and although the vote of Sa-
muel Twyford, Require, who bad voted at former elections, was re.
jected, because it was evident, from the manner in which he answered
the questions of the opposing counsel, that he had never paid any con.
sideration for his freehold, and was passaged of no real interest in it,
but had merely accepted a fraudulent and collusive conveyance from
Mr. Jolliffe to qualify him to vote in his Interest, the mayor afterwards,
in defiance of reason and justice, admitted persons to vote for the Jolliffe
candidates who refused to ,answer the same questions that had been put
to Mr. Twyford, merely because they had voted at former elections.
The petitioners also charged the members with having procured their
election by bribery and treating.

IDUCATION IN 11111CLASD.
Mr. WYSE gave notice, that after Christmas he would bring for-
ward a motion for the better allocation of the funds appropriated for the
education of the people of Ireland.
An 800. IN EMBER presented a petition from the Protestant Dis-
senters of a place in Pembrokeshire, praying for the abolition of negro
slavery.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
the House adjourned at Five o'clock precisely.
