under Governments unequivocally recognized as the friends and

allies of the British nation.
" Resolved-.-That the prompt and unqualified recognition of the
independence of the new States of America would, in the opinion
of this Meeting, prevent the recurrence of the losses and difficulties
which have hitherto attended the trade to those rich and fertile
countries, and place it upon a firm, secure, and satisfactory basis.
a 'Resolved—That although, during the last fourteen years, this
country has abstained from all political interference in the great ques-
tion of South American Independence, a period has now arrived
for a declaratory expression of public opinion upon the utter hope-
lessness of all further efforts against it on the part of Spain, which
can only tend to prolong the miseries of war, to the injury of hu-
manity, and the interruption of the repose of the civilized world.
" Resolved—That a Petition to the King's Most Excellent Ma-
jesty in Council, founded upon the above Resolutions, be adopted
by this Meeting."
Mr. HENRY BOOTIf then addressed the Meeting in a
speech of considerable ability, impressing upon them
the magnitude and importance of those results which
ate to be anticipated from the intercourse between
Great Britain and the new States of Sauth America

being established on a solid and a permanent basis. lie
doubted not that our trade and commerce would still
go on increasing in the same ratio it had done for the
last fifty years. Such anticipations were flattering to
our national pride; but there were higher views which
the consideration of this question emphatically forced
on our attention. As citizens of a free State, whose
ancestors fought and bled for the dearest rights of Eng-
lishmen, we came forward to join our sympathies with
nations who had themselves. fought and bled in the
same glorious cause—(Loud applause). —lf England
were pre-eminent in commercial and manufacturing
enterprise, it was proper that she should also stand for-
ward as the champion of civil aad religious freedom.
—(Cheers).—Let it be her study to promote the happi-
ness and to maintain the ti;lits of nations; then would
her riches and her powzr he subservient to the best and
noblest ends. She would be hai:ed a.. the sanctlai yof
fieedom—as the beazoa of liberty flaming over the
world, guiding nations in the way to happiness, and
dispensing blessings to the fai the,t bw.oidaties of the
11114bn:11)1e earth—(!'liters.)-11:: concluded by second-

m .
g the resolutions.
They were again read by the Town Clerk, and car-
ried accordingly.
Mr. Csu'us IonRALt. said, he rose to glove that a
petition, founded on the re:olutimrs just teal, be pre-
tented to his Majesty's Government,' for the purpose
mentioned in the requisition. But after the very able
speech which the Meeting had just heard, he should not
take up much of their time by enlarging on tore su'siect.
It appeared to him, therefore, expedient (and his Ma-
jesty's Ministers would, he trusted, agree with him) even
for the interest of S,iaiu herself, that she should have
forced upon her attention the necessity of immediately
putting an end to a state of excited feeling which all
must deplore, and stopping a contest which, s%hilst it
could answer no good as regarded Spain, might, if pe!.-
siLted in, complete her own itripoverisl.ment and 11.611—
(Lour/ applause.)—Mr. Morrall concluded by moving,
that the petition which he held in his hand be now read.
The Town Clerk then read the Petition, of which the
following is a copy
" To the King's Most Excellent Majesty in Council.
" The bumble Petition of the undersigned Merchants, Tradere, and
Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Pala-
tine of Lancaster, convened at a Public Meetiog held at the
Town-hall, the sth day of June, 18'24,
" Sheweth—That your Majesty's Petitioners have observed with
satisfaction the efforts made by your Majesty's Government to re-
move unwise restrictions upon trade,and graduallyto introduce sound
and enlighteoed principles into the commercial policy of the country.
" hat the Spanish Colonies of North and Sum h America, rich in
all the natural productions of soil and climate, and rapidly advancing
in knowledge, power, and civilization, present the fair prospoct of
beneficial and widely-extended markets for the product, of the ma-
nufacturing skill and industry of this country.
" That a trade of very great extent was formerly cat vied on bull—
may by British merchants, through the medium of Spain, to her Co-
lonies in North and South Americet exclusive of the commerce which
they pursued through Jamaica atm other islands of the West Indies.
" That the inhabitants of Buenos Ayres, Chili, Peru, Mexico,
and Colombia, having successively thrown off the authotity of the
parent State, and declared themselves independent, have at length,
after arduous etruggles, effected their emancipation, and have pro-
claimed a free commerca with every other nation, except Old Spain.
" That many of your Majesty's petitioners, in common with other
European merchants, have availed themselves of the opportunity
afforded by the emancipation of Mexico and the Soutl• American
States, to carry on a direct trade to the above-mentioned countries
--a trade they cannot but feel to be extremely hazardous, inasmuch
as it is contrary to the existing fiscal laws of Spain ; the Govern-
ment of which, still adhering to the claim of sovereignty over its
former posseesioos io the western hemisphere, threatens the ships
and merchandise of your petitioners ,vier confiscation, should they
be found trading with theit late Colonies.
"'That the al,prehensions which your Petitioners entertain for the
safety of their property in South America are not vague and indefi-
nite, but founded upon various acts and declarations of the Spanish
Government, as well as of the late Viceroys of those countries which
have recently emancipated them elves from the yoke of Spain.
" That, independent of the various depted,tions committed upon
British commerce by the Spaniards in the Gulf of Mexico (for
the indemnification of which the late Coats voted about £400,000
at the close of the year 1812, but of which not time farthing has been
received by the British claimants, whose demands, your Petitioners
ire informed, under the convention between this coantry and Spain,
dated the 12th of March, iii.:, -amount to about ,C1.000,00h ster-
ling), your Petitiunets have to-state, that in the month of Septem-
ber, 182.2, on the occupation of the city of 'Maracaibo by the Spa-
nish forces under General Morales, the whole of the British pro-
perty therein, to a very large amount, alai several British vessels in
the harbour, were seized and confiscated, and the British merchants
and supercargoes :VA crews of the vessels were made prisoners;
many of whops died during their detention, from the diseases inci-
dent to the climate and the inhumau treatment they received from
the Spanish authorities.
" That your Majesty's Petitioners would also refer to the case of
the Arab, laden with a cargo of British property, which was boarded
at anchor near l'isco, on the coast of Pet u, by the Royalists, in the
month of June last, and both ship and cargo, amounting in value to
40,000!. were confiscated by the Spanish authorities, and two Bri-
tish subjects (Mr. Macpherson and Mr. Armstrong, the supercar-
goes) made prisoners. They would also respectfully refer to the fol-
lowing official letter, addressed by the Royalist General, Jose Can-
terac, to Captain Prescott, of his Majesty ,hi., Aurora, dated head-
quarters, in the vicinity of Lima, 15th July last :
" ' Although the properly of merchants of the nation to which
you belong has been respected upon the entrance into Lima of the
national army under my command, I am under the necessity of in-
forming you that, in consequence of the orders I have to this effect
(tom his Excellency the Viceroy of Peru, the like forbearance will
not be exercised on any other occasion on which we may take pos-
session of the capital—an event to be looked for as often as our mili-
tary operations make it necessary. And the sante ought to be un-
derstood with regard to the property of yours, as well as of every
ether foreign nation whatever, which we may find in any other part
of the Peruvian ten itory, which forms a part of the integral terri-
tory of Spain ; therefore, the foreign property which is introduced
In opposition to her laws ought to be irrevocably confiscated; which
measure will be punctually carried into effect, front the present time,
liraof/salience to the laws of our nation, and the firm determination
of our Gw."^rnment. I give you official and timely notice of this,
in order that you may communicate it to all the merchants of
your nation, and that they may thus avoid the ruin which would be
consequent upon their disregarding it. For I repeat, that it is solely
owing to the moderation of the Spanish Chiefs, and in order that
there may neither be grievance alleged nor ignorance of the law
pleaded as an excuse in future, that their property has not been con-
fiscated on the present occasion, conformably to the spirit of the
orders issued by the legitimate Government.
"' May Gun preserve you many years,
(Signed) " JOSE CANTERAC.'
" To the Commander-in-Chief of the Naval Forces
of Lis Britannic Majesty in the Pacific:
" That it appears, by documents presented to Parliament in
March last, that the official value of exports, of British produce,
during the year 1819, amounted to 35,657,0291. Os. Id. and in the

year 1822, to 46,452,6131. 13c.. sd. a considerable perrion of which
vast increase may be attributed to the extension of the trade with
South America and Mexico, which a few years ago did not exist.
And that, in the year 1822, the direct exports of British produce
and manufactures to those parts amounted to 3,867,9521. and in the
year 1823, to 5,648,7691.
" That whilst the Government of the United States of North
America is every year imposing additional duties on manufactured
goods (which are now so high as to operate almost as a total prohi-
bition to many of the most important fabrics of this country), it s
especially desirable to cultivate the most intimate and extensive
connexion with the other States of America, where your Petitioners
find the population disposed to consume our various manufactures
to an extent limited only by their means of paying for the same ; and
ethnaatbliendptro makeoporti a la
proportion asrtghee loans shall cease, by which they are now
such manufactures, theypwarillof bethneeir ayrepararmileyntls to
earoth u
euanrter coy
rh
ef ogee
s lct
raw products, such as cotton, tobacco, rice, &c. for which we are
now so dependent upon the United States.
" That your Majesty's Petitioners are not in possession of docu-
ments to enable them to declare the value of the exports from the
port of Liverpool alone since the year 1820 ; but they can state, that
during that and the three succeeding years, no less than 756 vessels
have cleared out from thence for various ports in North and South
America, formerly under the dominion of Spain and Portugal, con-
taining an aggregate burthen of 136,452 tons; and that during the
five months of the present year, 124 vessels, of 24,657 tons burden,
have already sailed for the same destination.
" That between tke 6th of January, 1819, and the sth of Ja-
nuary, 1820, the actual value of exports of cotton goods from the
port of Liverpool to the United States of America, was 882,029/.
during the same period, to Brazil, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video,
Chili, and the West Coast of America, 852,6541. and in the follow-
ing year, to the former, 4,033,206/. 24. and to the latter 1.111,574/.
13s. exhibiting, in a striking point of view, the value to Great Bri-
tain of the export cotton trade to the Portuguese and Spanish
American States—a trade which, in its very infancy, greatly ex-
ceeded that to the United States of America, and which is still ra-
pidly increa'ing. In addition to this direct trade, your Petitioners
have undo übted information that a great quantity of Briti.ll manu-
tactute t, cleared out hence for the United States and the West In-
dies, are subsequently re-shipped there, and exported to the /Beal-

. .
can and South American markets.
" Thu an extensive direct trade is carried on by the merchants
of the Ir:sited States with the late colonies of Spain and Portugal in
Sonth America, not only in their own products, but also in their
mernfactures; that this trade is increasing with Mexico, Colombia,
and Beenos Ayres in particular, whose independence has been re-
cognized by the American Government ; and that it will gradually
he extended to the others as their independence shall also be recog-
iiized, whereby your retitionere.apprehend a firm and lasting con:-
mere:al iittercourse will be consolidated, whilst the British trade
c:neinnes on its present unsettled and precarious footing.
" Tine great losses, difficulties, and inconveniences have been ex-
perienced by British subjects trading with the Spanish American
States, in consequence ot those States not being recognized by Great
Britain, and Mint commercial treaty existing with them.
"'filet these inconveniences are particularly felt in Peru, where,
by the third article of the Reglamento Cononercio, dated Lima,
28th of September, 1821, iris enacted, " That the Captain or super-
cargo of all foreign vessels shall be bound to name a consignee, being
a citizen! I.f the state of Peru, within forty-eight hours after anchor-
ing in the Peruvian ports, foreigners not being allowed to transact
their own business.
" That although your Majesty's Petitioners have been informed
that this regulation has been relaxed by the interference of Commo-
dore Sir Thomas 11. Hardy, who obtained, as an indulgence, that
British subjects be allowed to become consignees of vessels and
roods, on paying a duty of ~e 5 per cent. more than is paid by native
met chants, your Petitioners flatter themselves, that this imposition,
ae well as various incapacities and risks under which the British
met client labours on the shores of the Pacific, would be modified,
it not totally removed, by the recognition of the ,Mexican and South
American States, and by treaties which might be subseqently en-
tered into with their respective Governments.
" Thin your Majesty... Petitioners are informed, that by the laws
of Colombia foreigners are excluded from importing goods, except
in the name and by the intervention of native citizens. That, pre-
! vious to the recognition of the Colombian Government by the United
Statute an extra siuty o: 5 per ceiit. was levied on imports made by
foreigners; bur this additional impost was remitted to the citizens
of the lidded States, by the Government of Colombia. immediately
on the independence of the latter being acknowledged; the British
merchams bring still compelled to transact titeit business under the
diffitulties and disquelifications incident et) other foreigners.
"'That luau to the amount of I'2,entens.o/. of British capital
have been negotiated iu London, for the service of the Govern-
ments of Colombia, Mexico, Perin Chili, and Buenos Ayres; the
due payment of the interest of which, and the ultimate tepayment
of the principal, must necessarily be placed in considerable jeopardy
so long as the independence of those States remains unacknowledged,
and the intriguesut Spain continue to foment internal dissensions.
" That it appears, from a dispatch of your Majesty's Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs to Sir Williem A'Court, dated the 30th of
January, 1824, ro be the determination of your Majesty's Govern-
ment, in case of any attempt on the part of Spain to revive the
obsolete interdictions of intercourse with countries over which she
has no longer any actual dominion, that the recognition of such new
States by his 'elaj. sty would:be decided and immediate. Your
Majesty's Per itirnee s humbly submit, that although no absolute in-
tereicrion of intercourse has actually taken place, the ancient policy
of Spain, and the law, of the Indies, are still in force and virtually
acted upon, as is manifest by the letter of General Jose Canterac,
of the 15th of July, M.,.
" That in the memorandum of a conference between the French
Ambassador, the Pi iece tee Polienac, and the Right Honourable
George Canning, on the 9th of October, 1825, as presented to the
House of Commons on the 4th of March, 1824, it is stated, that
' The commercial relations between this country and South Ame-
rica were founded on a permission to trade with the Spanish colo-
nies, conceded by Spain as far back as 1810, when the mediation
of Great Britain was solicited and granted, thoueh not afterwards
employed ; and shrink! any ettempt be made to dispute our claim
to the continued free enjoyment of this trade, and to renew the
obsolete interdiction, such an attempt might be best cut short by a
speedy and unqualified recognition of the independence of the
Spanish American States.
" Wherefore, your Majesty's Petitioners most humbly pray that
your Majesty will be pleased to take the whole premises into your
most gracious and streets consideration, and direct the immediate
recognition of the independence of the newly-established States in
South America and Mexico, with a view of eetering into such poli-
tical and commercial relations with them as may best secure and
promote the mutual benefits of a valuable, extensive, and unfettered
commerce, pot an end to the miseries of war in the Western hemi-
sphere, and contribute to the permanent repose of the civilized
world."
" Resolved—That it be forwarded to the Members for the Bo-
rongh ot Liverpool, to be presented to his Majesty."
The petition having been seconded, was carried by
acclamation.
Colonel IVir.t.titsts rose, and said, that tardy as the
iahabitaots of Liverpool had been in adopting this
measure, it was better late than never—(A
was glad to see that the Meeting did not altogether
wear a commercial aspect. Though the petition did
not take any but a commercial view of the subject, yet
the first resolution assumed a proper tone and spirit,
which spewed that the present was not a question
merely commercial, but one which affected the whole
human race. It was a question on which hung the
right of every people to assert their own claim to inde-
pendence. He (Colonel Williams) would, therefore,
advise the merchants to be vigilant in the business, and
their efforts would be ultimately crowned with success.
It was then agreed that the Petition should, instead
of being signed by the Mayor, on behalf of the Meet-
ing, lie for the signatures of the inhabitants of Liverpool.
Colonel STEPHENSON, who, we believe, has recently
returned from South America, where he had resided
twenty years, addressed the Meeting. The wish of the
people of South America was, he said, to he independent.'
For independence they had fought and bled ; and he'
could safely say, that the greatest glory would be
founded on the recognition of their independence by
the 11.-itiLla nation—Opplause). Since the year 1809,
no less than 46,000 Spaniards had fallen in the wars of
America. The blood of Spaniards and Americans had
run in streams in the field of battle, irrigating the nee,
the deep-rooted tree of hatred, which must ultimately
prove an impassable barrier between Spain and her late
provinces—a hatred which began at the first invasion
of America by the Spaniards, which had gone on in-

cieasing ever since, and Which attained to its full growth
in the year 1809. America, by the valour her sons,
had achieved her independence, and she was determined
to preserve it at all haaards—(Cheers).
General D'EvEazux (who has been nominated by
Bolivar, Ambassacibr from Colombia to the Courts of
Russia, Denmark, and Sweden) then rese to address the
meeting, .and was hailed with loud and general
plause. He gave a gratifying account of the spirit
which animated the people of South America in the
cause of liberty and independence. That immense con.
tinent, free from the fangs of Spanish tyranny, and
slavery for every abolished, opened her immense terri-
tory to English capital, English knowledge, En.,;lish in-
dustry, and above all to English freedom—kOicers).
Mr. EGERTON SMITH addressed the Meeting at t 1 ..e
length, and pronounced an eloquent eulogium 0.1 the
character of General D'Evereux. He made a variety
of statements respecting the services of the General i
the wars of Colombia, and vindicated his character Crum
some aspersions which had been thrown upon it.
Another Gentleman also- bore his testimony to the
character and services of General D'Evereux.
The General made a short reply to these compli.
ments; after which thanks were voted to the Mayor,
and the Meeting was dissolved.

THE EVENING STAR,.

LONDON.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1824..
WillT.NlONDAY.—Holiday at the Bank.
TUE FUNDS.

STOIC EXCIIANGE. TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Con4ols opened this morning at 944, for the Account, but soon
after rote to 95 to b. in consequence of the French lientes comirg
higher.—This is a Holiday at the Bank, but the Suck Exclie:l6e

t emains open.

FOREIGN FUNDS.

All South American Securities have improved this rtorning.—
A good deal has been done in Colombian and Mexican Scrip; in all
others there is but little fluctuation.

Current Prices : New Spanish 15, Old '2O; to u, Chilian
Russian 94i 95, Mexican Scrip to par, Austrian 95, Clench lu
to ft, Colombian Scrip it to par, Alliance Shares 13i 14, New Pri
sian 98k, Old 99.

In another column we have inserted a report cf
Meeting at Liverpool and the Petition to his NIA.,Es:r,
praying: the recgonition of South American inJerenLi-
ence, in which, perhaps, all the arguments that can be
urged in favour of the measure ate brought forwart!.
The statement as to the amount of the Export; in th
last two years is copied from a document which
nally appeared in the STAR on Saturday, the ‘29th u:t.
and which was afterwards copied into several of the
Morning Papers without acknowledgment. One Jour-
nal was even disingenuous enough to give it as from a
Correspondent. We have not at present any torm w
remark on the Liverpool Petition, but we shall return
to the subject.

This mornirt7, we received, by Express, the Moniteur
and Grtlignani's 31cssenger of Sam: day, together with a
private letter of the sante date. The Messenger contains
the intelligence from Madrid, which we have given, ea
the authority of an an iv al from Bayonne, and the follow.
ing article on the effect of the recent defeat of t!
French Ministers on the subject of the renter, of which
the letter of our Correspondent a More interesting
account:

FROM GALIGNANI'S MESSENGER.
PARIS, JUNE 5.
STOCK EXCHANGE, JUNE 4.

" The rejection of the law project for the reimburse;
ment of the five per cents. produced a strong sensation
upon 'Change to-day. Speculators were disappointed,
and seemed to make up their minds to wait some days;
in order to see the direction that affairs would take.
The market opened, for money, as low as 101 f. SOc,
but the opinion that Ministers, and the great Corn
panies, whose hands are full of stock, would aim to keep
up the price, occasioned a rise, and the five per cents.
for money, dosed at 1021. for the end of the month.
At four o'clock, when the market closed, they were at
1021. 70c. to 1021. 85c."

FROM OUR. CORRESPONDENT.
PARIS, Jana 5.

" The unexpected defeat of the Ministry, by the deser'
Lion of several members of the Peerage who had pro-
mised their support, has caused a strong sensation here:
the funds fell two per cent. yesterday, but to-day they
have risen to neatly their former prices.
"It is rumoured that a new batch of Peers is to Lc
made, and that there will be several changes in the
Ministry. The circumstance of the Ministers of Fi-
nance, Interior, and Marine, being with the King yes-
terday, has led some to conclude that the Ministers of
War and Foreign Affairs go out ; but if a change takes
place, it will be to a much greater extent. It is op-
posed that the Chamber of Deputies will follow the ex-
ample of the Peers, and, in return, reject the Septennial
Bill ;if so, the Ministers must go out. M. Villele is
not a favourite with the powers who rule the roast at
the Thuilleries ; but the fact being well known, that if
he goes nut the Ministry must fall to pieces, he has been
kept in his place. The measure of reducing the Rentes
was to enable the King to grant pensions to the emi-
grants, but having failed in the execution of the pro-
ject, his int..se! and influence have received a shock
they will not easily recover. It is said he has already
a new scheme to effect the same purpose, but sufficiently
distinct from the other to enable him to present it this
Session. A very few days, or perhaps even hours,
determine what we are to calculate on."

This trorning we received intelligence from Madrid.
via Bayonne, to the 30th ult. It -appears that the Mi-
nister Secietary of State of the Department of Justice
has written a lung letter to the Captain-General of Ma-
drid, censuring, in the KING'S name, the conduct (1
iome Spanish Oilicets in holding conversations with the
c
French which lead to quarrels, and " in stepping out c'
the sphere of t!wir knowledge to speak of diplumati4

BE4"
net."

hornbl
discuss
A n
been 0
is prep
please:
heads
it. A

Frencl
of the
army.
t%e pr

the ls
sador,
they

picior
All tl

tulatt
Tip
Els pi
turba

rep
the s(

Tbe
rez
teals—

tains
been

had
whic

ligh
part

aifairs and condemn the wisest measures of the Cabi-
ret." Eis MAJESTY, therefore, in order to repress so
wible a crime, orders every Officer who enters into
4iicussi:,ris of this nature to he arrested.
A military college for the education of youth has
been ordc:-ed; and a decree of a very rigorcus nature
against the Secret Societies. The atnneFtv
is preparing
pleases no party ; the Exaltados (who have zai:ed their
reads again) and the Constitutionalists alike condemn
i!. A disagreement is said to have arisen between the
yerch Ambassador and General. DIGEON, on accOunt
the latter dismissing the former emplo.,A of the
All the Portuguese who are at Madrid, or in
t e rovinces of Spain, are to present themselves before
E lit cf June, the forme' to the Portuguese Amba-
s)Jor, tile latter to the Portuguese Consuls-General ; if
re2lect doing this, they will be considered as sus-
picions, and subject to the regulations of the police.—
ii Arnbassadois (except the English) have congra-
tylee3 hs MAJESTY on the amnesty.
Tile Apostolic Junta still urges the KING to dismiss •
preA•nt Ministers, and restore the Inquisition. Dis-
torlyances, which it required the aid of the military to
sep,,s,, had broken out at Madrid, in consequence of
and high price of bread.
the qarcity
Ttli. Price, of Grain in the l‘larket on the 234 were--:r heat,
c r,al4 per Luega-20 days ago it was at 20 rears ; Barley, :4
%vas at 16.

A 1;0...n0s Ayres paper, of the 10th of Fel,ruary, con-
tail:l.:cc:v:l:s from Chili, stating that Valdivilm had
beea taken by QVINTANILLA, mho proceeded from
ith aboot 1.,000 men. The Director littitymt
iiad marched to resiA him, with the corps of the army
had retreated front the Intermedios to Coquimbo.
