THE ARMY.

Friday se'onight a Court.rnartial auembled at the New Bar.
racks, Limerick, at which Captain Ga*v, of the 3646 Regiment,
ceded, :o investigate certain charges preferred against private
Thomas Roche, of that regiment, by a countryman, mimed Patrick
Grady. It appeared that on Christmas are. about seven o'clock,
Grady, who lives sear Meelick, was on his way home, whes
met Roche, who was a distanze aaer three other soldiers, coming
into Limerick, all of whom appeared to him to be intolicated.—•
Deponent stated that he previously heard that them was moo
quarrellnig between the soldiers and the country people. He asked
Roche what was the matter? and immediately be drew his bayonet,
acrd made several thrusts at him, two of which perforated his coa.,
at.d made an isacision on the akin near the hip. In the struggle
they both tell, and after setting up, the soldier took ht. (Grady's)
bat. leaving the cap he wore alter hint. Grady, as 201.11 W. be dig.
ed he was nut severely wounded, came into Liratrick, sad
gave the cap to the Brigade Major, to whom he made the state.
'strut of what uccurrtd. Then were the chief fact. of Grady's
case. Ile them proved the hat to have been his; and the .Idjustut
of the Regimen heaps been called, deposed to having found Is os
the primmer, and also that the cap left by Grady with the Brigade.
Major was that produced In Court, which the soldier acknusledsed
to be hi..

The Court adjourned to the following morning. when a further
reantination tit Grail; toot place, alter which he case was filially
postponed. lewd a Court of inquiry was appointed to investigate
'be

Tue.day mini:og the 67th Regiment of Foot, at present stationed
in Liverroul„ snider the command of Colonel Litmat.rit, were
marched from their parade, in Clayton square, to a vacant piece of
ground near Tusteth Path, for th, purpow of having a new pair
ut colours present-A to them Upon the arrival of the Regimes*
on the gi wind, about eleven o'clock, they weir formed into a square.
and the two senior Ensigns received the colours from the hands of
Colonel Huast Elie Lady, who delivered an address 1-uhable to the
occaaion. Imandiately on the rt ception of the flag. the band at
the Regiment struck op the national anthem of " God save the
King," the soldiers presenting arms ; and after giving four times
;our cheers, were marched to Clayton-square; from whence the
colours were conducted to the Colonel's quarter g. under the guard
of the brat company of Grenadiers. The Earl df Servos, mow
panted by his Countess, Lord blorrestre, and several of the klub
branches of the family, together with a number of Ladies and
Gentlemen, honoured the Re„ intent with their presence during the
ceremony. In the evening the Olicers of the Regiment dined
together at the Waterloo Hotel.

NAVAL INTELLIVENCE.

Amu Annus Tnn I—Waterford 1--Usbeia

Jamaica I.

The ShefEeld (steamer), Crum Liverpool to Belfast, was driven
oa the rocks at lialywalter, during a gale on Tuesday.

Dam., Jan. 2 —Mud N.W.—Arrived the Wallsend, Willis,
from Quebec ; Ark, Jackson, from Nantes. Anivrd from London
the Pr*asos, Triff, (or St. Thomas's; Duke of Manchester,
for Jamaica.

PORTIIIIIOs TN, JAN. !.—Wind N. W.—Sailed the Arena, Hudson,
for Vau Diemen's Land.

Faesiouvu, JAL Wind W.N. W. to N. W.—Sailed the iloPes
Sinclair, for the South Seas; Clarence. Muddle. for Van Diemcies
Land; Eagle. Mice, for Arandahl; Ford and Clara. Hall. for Ja-
maica ; Panther, Gowina, for Henna ; Jane, Lamm, fur ditto.
RAIISCIATZ. JANUMILT3.—Arrived the Favourite, Findlay, from
Terceira.

Dynamos, JAIL I.—Arrived the Leab, Cole, from Paraiba;
Dewsbury. Blake. from Newfoundland. The Doris, Roberts,
from Rio isseiro. is not arrived, as stated oo t►e 48th ultimo.

Ilatutinoms, Jan I.—The Lily, Mum, which was on shore
near Flambro' Head, was got off this tide, awl brought in here,
not much damaged.
Pleura Snit:Los, Ji. I.—The Arrow, Harpeley, from Ham.
burgh, has been got off the Herd Saud, after usscharging part of
her cargo, and towed in bent by a steam boat, leaky.

Jamaica Papers to the 2d of November have been
received. The Governor has issued a proclamation
calling the House of Assembly to proceed to business
on the 11th of November. but it was understood that
the House would not actually do so until the 18th, and
circulars to that effect were espected to be seat round
to the members.

The Jamaica Courant contains a very lengthened u.
count of legal proceedings instituted against Mr. Beau.
mont, the proprietor of that paper, for a libel on the
Attorney.G neral of Jamaica. The persecution, in the
name of the King, was conducted by Mr. D dins; Mr.
Beaumont conducted his own case. The offensive lan-
guage arose our of a trial of a thee Est Montegobay
the words were—" It was an attempt to establish a pre:
cedent which most put an end to slavery, on the worst
and most unjust principles." Again—" Wien a gees.
tion ashes where a slave is a patty. the present Attorney.
General does not consider what is just, but what line 9(
conduct may best please the antagonists of the Colonies.
whereby he considers he will make his own seat in the
Crown Office permanent." The trial fills two entire
sheets of a Jamaica paper. The Jury returned a vet-
, dict of Not Guilty
A letter from Vittoria, dated December 11, states
that the prices of wheat in the neighbouring provinces
continued nearly the same as after the first rise which
took place in consequence of the demand in England.
There was still an abundance of wheat, but it was
thought the greatest activity of shippers could not said
out more than 300 000 quarters to the end of February:
Freight was dear in the northern ports.
London is a desirable residence for many arid various
descriptions of persons. Those who wish to be known
or to be forgotten ; who seek an massive field for their
vices or their virtues; who love the most delicate food
for the body or the mind, and have a craving for French
dishes or uew novels ; those who like a plentiful choke
of physicians or preachers, who are curious in hair-
cutting, or obliged to wear false teeth, should all settle
in London, where each may with the greatest facility
obtain the object of his pursuit. Every man of decidedly
superior intellect or attainments should either reside in
London or frequently visit it; this is the arena where
ails encounter and brighten in the contest, and where
many a one who bas thought himself a giant in the
country has shrunk suddenly into a pigmy.—New
, Monthly Magazine.
