BELGIUM.

ADDRESS TO LOUIS XVIII.
44 SIRE—The hand of PROVIDENCE has delivered
Europe from the excesses of a conqueror equally in-
satiable and heedless of the future, and has restored
you to the throne of your fathers. The Belgians re-
joiced at this, because they considered it a benefit in
which they should participate. The love which they
bear to their mother country, their respect for your
virtues, their confidence in your paternal administra.
tion, and the connection of their interests with those
of France, constitute their claims to the happiness of
belonging to the Empire of the Bourbons. These
claims have been neglected, our hopes have been dis-
appointed ; but our sentiments have not changed.
gg At the moment of our deliverance, the wishes of
one portion of our countrymen called for the Govern.
ment of the House of Austria ; but this minority,
whose influence arose from their ancient titles, and
the authority of which they had obtained possession,
looked to the revival of their prerogatives, and not
to the good of their country. They did not reflect
that the Belgians, too far removed from the centre of
animating authority, and exposed to attack by their
geographical position, would be continually subject to
invasion, from which the Austrian Government would
be unable to defend them, and for which evil it could
not compensate. Our Noblesse, in fact, for twenty
years deprived of its tights, and removed from em.
ployments, naturally wished for the return of those
Princes who had loaded it with titles and authority.
—To have felt otherwise would not have been gene.
runs. Belgians are not ungrateful. But PROVIDENCE
has not crowned this wish, and the House of Austria,
which had already abandoned our country in several
Treaties, has now released us from all obligations of
gratitude, by giving us op to England, which leases
us out to the House of Nassau. The Nobility, there-
fore, like the rest of the Belgic Nations, look towards
your Majesty, who will preserve its rights, privtleges,
and titles, as you have those of the Illustrious Nobi-
lity of France.

• •
" The Ministers of our religion, victims like our.
selves and their brethren in your kingdom, of the
fury of a Government which no longer exists, quitted
France with regret ; but the return of your M..jesty,
which is also that of justice, religion, and goad prin-
ciples, secures to them a safety and protection from
the Elder Son of die• Church, which they cannot hope
for from a Government whose religion is not that
which they teach, and which we profess.
" Our commercial men, our landed proprietors,
our possessors of capital, our agriculturists, like the
rest of their countrymen, like the whole world, wish.
ed for a termination of the bloody contest, which,
without any definitive object, was devouring the pie.
pulation and resources of their country ; but they did
not expect that this period would also be the epoch
1 of their ruin. They knew, as we do, that the union
of Belgium with France could alone prevent this oc-
currence. At one moment we hoped that the allied
Powers, truly animated with the noble desire of tee
storing durable peace to the world, would reunite us
to the throne of your family. They would thus have
crowned our vows and those of your subjects ; they
would have calmed the regret felt by the generous
friends of France ; they would have deprived the
discontented of every ground for complaint, and have
crushed for ever one of the most ancient and prolific
sources of European wars. But a ruling policy de.
tided it otherwise, and this refusal is the more humid
Hating to France, to your Majesty, and to tee becaitie
all the world knows that we should have r, ruainel
the subjects of a man still too dangerous it he had
been wan to make terms.
What, Sire ! whilst the conscription depoptilat-
ed our country, and odious imposts ruined our land,
we were Frenchmen ! Whilst insupportable miiitary
oppression violated our fire-sides, and shackled our
internal relations, and desolated our populatien, we
were Frenchmen I—Whilst our ports were closed,
whilst commerce eves nought but shame and rein, and
wnilse we were called upon to our blood and tree.
sure, we were Frenchmen !—ln short, during twenty
years, throughout when we made-sacritices of every
kind, in order to remain subject to France, whose
manners and language we have edoptee, we were
Frenchmen ! —And now, when the return of peace
and order, and liberty and commerce, is about to re-
store to France her ancient prosperity, shall we, like
deserted children, be given up piece-meal to HoLands
to Prussia, and to England ? Ah, Sire ! deign to cast
a glance of kindness on this fine country, and msy
your inclinations be in unison with our own, and with
those of your subjects! We are your children, and our
ancient Sovereigns were only great vassals of your
crown. The shores of Jordan saw them fight under
the banners of that holy Monarch, whose name and
virtues you recal to our recollection; and our eons
but yesterday formed a part of the warlike phalanxes
of France. Long time a prey of the tyranny of a pe-
rishable man, shall we now become the victims of the
despotism of a Government which cannot die ? Al-
most exhausted by the efforts of a conqueror who core
tended in vain against his destiny, we are destroyed
by our liberators. if the conscription no more weighs
heavy upon us, the landwehr threatens us. If we Are
freed from the dreitt minis, we are overwhelmed with
taxes and military charges. What have ..re gelded .!
Nothing ! What have we lost ? Every itiing !
The sole hope of commerce supported us, and
far from being able to give ourselves up to it with
security, this hope becomes only a destructive allure-
ment for the employment of our resources. Shut in
and fettered by four lines a. Custem-houses, wa sec
them closed without pity at the sight of our products.
and opened with the utmost complaisance to inundate
the country with English merchandise. Our tine
manufactures, raised with so much labour and ex-
pense in the midst of the vicissitudes of war, laugaisi
and decay in the bosom of a deceitful peace, widieut
the hope that their productions will fall to the low
piece of foreign xnerehendise, which premiums indem-
nify. Atreedy our attisaus (pit, in great nuineers,
their native soil, which no loneer turnishes them wah
work or resources. Our etiiiiicipetities ale .•very
where assailed 'oy uuturtun lee weeveree a;10 ask
ter passports to foreign coufiaies. A's auae

in Flanders, proves that our manufactories employ
hardly a fifth of the number of workmen who were
occupied in the most unfortunate moments of a most
disastrous war. In short, the depopulation of these
fine Provinces advances rapidly, and what the fury
of the Duke of Alba, and the ltidoas aspect of the
Inquisition were not able to do, will be effected by
our liberator:.

,g Who will prctect us in this fatal decay ? Will
Englan.] ? It is Engl tnd which draws off our coin
and ruins our manufactures—her jealous eye his al-
ready observed the perfection ‘khich our mechanics
have attained. She has already counted with rage
the numerous manufacturing, establishments which
our cities contain and which flourish throughout the
country—she has already calculated our immense ca-
pitals—she has seen our population compt.sA of ma-
nufacturers—she knows our industry and firm 1,1.14.
England has not forgotten that when she was less
opulent and less proud, she received tram us (thanks
to the tyranny of Phillip II !) her best weavers and
makers of cloth. Knowing our sources.of prosperity,
would she encourage us ?—no, Belgium would soon
be a rival, which, escaping sooner or later from her
trammels, would obtain a superiority over her in all
the markets of Eurape. The interest of England,
therefore, is to destroy all the elements of our pros-
perity.
44 Will Holland protect us ?—Holland is nothing
More than an English province—it is to Great Bri-
tain in the North, What Portugal is in the South.—
Besides, supposing Holland,independent, is it her in 7
terest to encourage the industry and commerce of
Belgium ? In this case, Antwerp alone would depe-
pulate Amsterdam. Whatever may be the fate of
our Provinces, Holland does not hope any more than
Prussia to preserve for ever the portion which may be
allotted to her. Will she transport hither her riches ?
Will she let her resources flow hither ? No! Nature,
overcome by prodigious efforts, has not the less marked
the limits of the Batavian Empire. Where the mi-
racles of liberty and patient industry finish, the Dutch
territory concledes. Never can it pass with advan-
tage this terrible line of Dutch Brabant. All excur-
sions on this side are forbidden by nature and reason.
But it is observed, Holland will be protected by Eng-
land, and it is this fatal support which will always
hold her in dependence; and as a price of our slavery,
we shall defray the enormous expense of the suste-
nance of the English armies and of the fortified places
which are spoken of, or, in other words, of the bars
which are for ever to exclude us front the political
and commercial world.

66 Shall we be protected by Prussia ? If such a pro-
ject were attempted, Prussia would soon, nay, now,
be forced to seek for aid against ourselves, so great is
our repugnance to her Government. The Frilisians
have done every thing to merit our hatred : nev,:r
were the abuse of power, barbarity, and mili:ar y op.
pression carried to a greater excess. Besides, Prussia
is checked in the North by a Power justly jealous of
her extravagant extension of territory. We neither
expect nor desire any thing, and °or only wish with
respect to her is, that we may not be under her do-
minion.

" Should we reckon upon Austria ? This Power
abandons us to turn all its views towards Italy ; and,
besides, it must be allowed that our situation and pi i-
vileges have always rendered Austria indifferent to
our internal welfare.
gi Our tears, already justified by present events,
arise from the experience of the past. This is not the
first time that the fate of arms has placed our pro-
vinces under the dominion of those Powers which
now govern us. We have not forgotten that. atter
the famous campaign of Marlborough, in 1706, Ow
English and Dutch seized on the Government of tilt
Netherlands in the name of Charles 111. King of
Spain, and that, under the sanction of a nation ti
Council of State, sold or submitted to them their
Commissaries, sent forth, under the name of requisi-'
am, Decrees fatal to our renascent prosperity. The
23d of June of the same year is the date of the de-
structive requithion which annulled the excelle. t ordi-
nances called for in 1698 and 1699, by the Chambers
of Commerce of different cities, in favour of the pro-
ductions of the country, and against the introduction
of foreign manufactures. At this period, Belgian
commerce had just fre d itself from the oppressive
tarn : f 16h0—a tarif agreed to by ignorance and
weakness, and the Commissioners of the Maritime
Powers hastened tore-establish it.

" Canals were opened to facilitate internal com-
munication, a Decree of the Commissioners caused
them to be blocked up. The Scheldt was rigorously
closed as well as the canals falling into it, and exces-
sive duties weighed upon commerce to discourage and
destroy it. England and Holland caused these de-
structive acts to be confirmed by Articles 20, 21, and
1:6, of the unfortunate Treaty of Antwerp in 1715,
known by the name of La Barriere. England and
Holland, jealous of our industry, enemies ot our pros-
perity, excited all Europe against a company of mer-
chants establisked at Ostend, and caused it to be dis-
solved by the Emperor who had ILmself encouraged
it. England and Holland, by Article .5 of the Treaty
of Vienna, in 1715, abolished for ever all commerce
and navigation of the Netherlands with the East and
West Indies, leaving us, however, the illusive liberty
of purchasing such Indian merchandize as foreign
vessels may import into harbours not belonging to :is.
Such are the masters who are now placed over us, or
rather with whose Government we are threatened.
" Sire, while the fate of our country is not irrevoca-
bly fixed, we tan, and we ought to declare our wishes.
They resound from one end of Belgium to the other.
They are in the hearts of all• our countrymen. Yes,
3ire, cur safety is in the laws of France; she alone
is interested in the preservation of our commerce, of
oar laws, of our liberties, and of our religion ; and
;he alone has the power to preserve them. Scarcely
any armed force is necessary for the conquest of our
provinces; our hearts are with. you, Sire, and, when
you shall desire it, 200,000 Belgians are ready to
unite with the first battalion ot Frenchmen who shall
come amongst us as brothers. We are of at least as
much value as some colonies, whose ruin appears to
be approaching in consequence of the system of Eng-
..inel. Besides, has the Cabinet of St. James's alone',
sae right of disposing of us ?
,6 Let Russia, henceforth delivered from the fear
of your antis, sustain the interests of the Continent,
and oppose the English despotism with the same
energy as she has destroyed the despotism which is
now no more. Is the loss of their colonies a bug-bear
..0 nations who possess them ? Is it policy on their ac.

LON DON.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1814.

FIF TT-FOURTH ANNIVERSARY or HIS MAJESTY'S ACCESSION
To Tot rHaoNz.—Holiday at the Bank and Stock Excbaoge.

To-Jay we present our Readers with a document
as rematkable as any which has appeared since the
promulgation of the Treaty of Paris. It purports to
be an Address from the Belgians to Loots XVIII.
beseeching his Majesty to take them under French
protection, but we suspect that it was originally
drawn up in Paris : it bears a close resemblance, in
fact, to one of those multifarious Constitutions, Pro-
clamations, Projets, and Contre-projets, which were
issued from the Pigeon-holes of the Abbe Sims'
bureau during the French Revolution, and which
always preceded the occupation by French troops
of some unfortunate adjoining province. •
It is, we hope, the last act of the sanguinary drama
which the revolutionary buffoons have so many years
performed for their own gratification, but to the de-
vastation of all Europe. It is, we trust, the dying
ebullition of that wicked and restless spirit which
disturbed the peace of the world for nearly a quarter
of a century : to the firm and resolute conduct of the
French King we look for the final extinction of these
embers of revolt and uproar. We are persuaded that
his Majesty will be the last of the Bounsoar Princes
to fan them into flame, merely at the instigation of
the thirsters after glory of BONAPARTE'S tuition, with
whom necessity and policy have made him acquaint.
ed. This M inifesto cannot, we apprehend, be the
composition of a native of the Netherlands—for what
Belgian capable of putting together such an eloquent
arpeal to the Royal feelings, for eloquent it certainly
is, would lose sight so far of the glorious achieve.
ments of his forefathers in defence of their indepen.
deuce, their laws, and their religion, as to invite the
yoke of a powerful and ambitious neighbour—to sup-
plicate the subjugation by conquest of his country, and
the restoration of the Catholic Religion, with all the
frightful engines of despotism in its twain ?
Have these descendants of the Belgians, who ex-
pired under the racks and tortures of ALVA, forgot
that to the succours of England and Englishmen,
they were indebted for the final expulsion of their fo-
reign oppressors ? But they are still doomed to
increase their debt of gratitude to Great Britain :
France can do nothing for them. The restoration of
her owe Navy and the resettling of her own Colo-
nies, cannot permit her to extend any thing like bene-
ficial protection to Belgium : it is England alone that
possesses the sources of real prosperity, from which
the Belgians are speedily about to drink.
Their interests, incorporated as they now are with
those of Holland, will doubtless be warmly supported
at the ensuing Congress : it will. be the policy of
England to make Belgium a rich and powerful, if not
a generous and grateful ally. A participation in our
commercial monopolies, and a relaxation of our ma-
ritime preponderance in their favour, will, in all pro-
bability, be shares! equally. by Holland and Belgium.

'SpeAkingupnn this subject. it most intelligent Corres-
pondent at Brussels, observes :

" The effects of the treaty of Utrecht upon the pros?erity of
Belgium have never been sufficiently considered on your side of
the water: they must now be weighed in order to be avoided In
a tilndlar settlement of the States of Europe. While that treaty
stipulated the eternal separation of the Belgic Provinces from
France, it provided also most carefully for entailin3 on them such
a state of poverty as should render their loss an object of but
little regret. It shut up the Scheldt, then the only outlet of their
commerce. It gave permanence to a tariff, which had been esta-
biblied on the suggestions of the Dutch during the time that the
.silies had possession of the country, and which was intentionally
and admirably calculated to ruin its internal trade.

" This was like stamping the body of your friend to death, '
while you are defending it front the capture of his enemy : and
when the Emperor CEIAILLZS VI. in order to relieve 11:1zium
from the multiplied evils entailed on it by the Treaty of Utrecht,
granted the Charter to the East-India Company of Ostend, only
to trade to those ports, harbours, places, and rivers 'nu les auks: no
tionitranfyurntliirenient; it was as if the very stones of Amsterdam
and I.oadon would have riser against so reasonable an indulgence.
" In 1731, his Majesty was obliged to allow that the commerce
of his subjects to the East Indies " 'snail aboli d jantais." But a
more liberal policy stow prevails in England with respect to the
East-India Trade; ind whatever the Treaty of Paris, or the
more detailed arrangements snaking at Vienna grant to the Dutch,
they grant also to the Belgians: both must now draw from the
same well; but they are the same Power, and it is our bounty
that supplies them both."

To return to the address itself—the whole compo-
sition is aimed at the passions of the multitude, and
the perversion of the historical facts which pervades
it, shews that, like the vile reptiles who deluged
France and Belgium with misery and blood, they trust
to the ignorance of the readers for security against
exposure. Indeed it was one of the maxims of the Ja•
cobins, that a bold lie would often produce the effect
intended, before detection could take place, and there-
fore a fair weapon of annoyance against the existing
and established order of things.
The following is stated to have been the circum-
stances attending the publication of this curious State
Paper :—About three weeks since, a meeting of the
Inhabitants of the cities, towns, and districts, of the
Netherlands, was held at Lisle, consisting of persons
unfriendly to the new order of things, to the number
of between 2 and 300. They hod been summoned
by circulars dispatched by confidential messengers,
and addressed to those who were known to be inimical
to the incorporation of their country with Holland.—
After a long discussion, during which the assembly
appeared influenced but by one common feeling, the
Address was unanimously agreed to, and has been
since presented to the KING of FRANCE. We regret that
it did not lie unnoticed in the Royal Closet ; —it was
printed, and, at this moment, copies of it are circula-
ted openly in Paris, and privately through the Nether-
lands. We understand that 20,000 copies have been
sent for distribution in Germany, and more particu-
larly at Vienna.

By the lama advices from Ghent, which are of the
date of Thursday last, it appears that some of the
American Commissioners were then absent—Mr.
ADAMS at Brussels, and Mr. GALLAIIN still at Ant-
werp, where he had been for some time. They were
not expected at Ghent for a fortnight.

Previous to the sailing of the WANSTBAD from Ba-
tavia on the 16th May, an expedition under General
NIGHTINGALE, consisting Pf 2000 men, had sailed
against the Island of Macassar, whose native inha-
bitants greatly annoy our trade, and use the prisoners
with great cruelty.

The PRINCE REGENT arrived at Brighton early on
Sunday morning, attended by General BLOOMFIELD.
As soon as it was known that his Royal Highness had
arrived, the Royal Standard was hoisted on the church
steeple, and the bells rang till the time of Divine Ser-
♦ice. The QUEEN is hourly expected at Brighton.
The Duke of SUSSEX had on Saturday night, a very
severe and dangerous attack of his old complaint.
Mr. CANNING, we understand, will take his depar-
ture from Portsmouth in a few days, for Lisbon, in
the LEVIATHAN, 74, Captain Bilious.
Major-General the Hon. E. M. PAKENIJAM is said
to be appointed to succeed the late lamented General
Ross, in America.

Another expedition will immediately sail for Ame-
rica, from Plymouth. The VENGEUR, of 74 guns,
with a fleet of transports, having on board the 7th
and 43d regiments of Foot, and detachments of the
64th regiment, and 13th and 14th Light Dragoons,
making iii all about 3000 men, will sail with the first
fair wind.

Several millions of busk-shot are shipping at Ports-
mouth, in the Leonidas frigate, Captain W. KING,
for America. This description of shot has been in
common use with the Americans in the present war,
and the mangling wounds they inflict are found, when
not attended with death, so to protract the recovery
of our soldiers that their services are lost to the army
for a considerable time. The formation of the wea-
pon is—a large shot at the bottom of acartridge resting
upon three small ones; and these four are fired
off with the usual quantity of powder. The Ameri-
cans always use them in wild-fowl shooting.

Two agents from St. Domingo, sent by Prrtow to
this country, are arrived in town. 'l'hey are both
Mulattoes, one of them a General Officer, and are
charged with an important mission to the British Go-
vernment. Their arrival has been officially notified,
but they have not yet had an interview with any of
the Ministers. They state the decided determination
of CHRISTOPHE and PrrioN to make one common
cause against France, should she attempt the inva-
sion and conquest of the Island. Since the knowledge
of the article of the Treaty of Peace, by which the
French are to carry on the Slave Trave for the term
of five years, the general hatnA against them has been
inflamed to a degree almost indescribable. The Eng-
lish are, on the contra' y, held in the highest esteem
throughout all parts of St. Domingo.
Pits/wt.—No alteration in the price this week.

COURT-MARTIAL ON COLONEL QUEIVTIA

This morning, the Members of the Court-M rt:al
having assembled at the usual hour, the Jonog A two.
CATS read a letter from IIIeCOUOI de GRA NNIONT, now in
France, stating, that being still unavoidaWy detained,
he could not as yet attend. Colonel QuENTIN then
handed his defence to the JUDGE ADVOCATE, who read
it to the Court. It occupied an hour and thize quar-
ters, and was listened to with the deepest interest:
Colonel QueNTIN began by stating his varioni ser-
vices in the Army. He served in the Fen!n:uia ol-
der Sir JOHN Mootte, when he burst two blood-ves-
sels from over-exertion. He ascribed no improper
motives to the Prosecutor, Colonel PALNIEIt. He
then proceeded to comment, seriatim, on the various
charges, and on the evidence brought in supp
and particularly alluded to the second :rid :
He hoped that his whole culpability would be found
to have arisen from an error in judgment only; and
ascribed his not being so far in advanc • as he oug%.t
to be on some occasions as described by the wit.
nesses, to the circumstance of his horse's breath
being exhausted, or what is termed " h!own !"-
-He concluded by expressing his coaviction ti, it
the evidence which he should he able to adduct-
would relieve him, in the eyes of the Court and of
the world, from the sellout; charges which bad h-en
brought against him. He reminded the Court th it
it was at his own express solicitation that they had
assumed their present regular form.
General CARTWRIGHT was then examined as to
Colonel QURNTIN'S character as a soldier. The G -
neral spoke in the highest possible terms of his atten-
tion to the discipline and equipment of tt,c loth Hi.g-
sars, while the General was Colonel of that lteji-
ment.—The Court was uncommonly crowded.
