CRIMINAL LAWS.

Mr. DUG DA LE moved for leave to bring in a Bill for the
summary Punishment of Juvenile Offenders. The object of the
Bill was, to enable any two Magistrates, in cases of slight de.
linquency, to commit offenders, under the age of sixteen, to
hard labour for a limited period.--Leave given.
The other Orders of the thy were then disposed of, and the
House Adjourned at nearly Two o'Clock.

f ' 7

2d of July, and of the disquietudes to which they
had given birth, it was not the particular duty of the
Plenipotentiaries of the Allied Sovereigns to make
known the extent of that disquietude, or of the im-
portance of the causes which had given birth to it."
In order to put this observation in its fullest light,
and to make his Sicilian Majesty thoroughly ac-
quainted with the important considerations which
were the motives of the determinations adopted by
the Sovereigns, the following details are given :
" The Revolution of Naples bore on the face of it
a character sufficiently alarming to fix the attention
of Sovereigns, as was the injury which it threatened
to neighbouring States, to direct their measures. The
means by which this Revolution was brought about,
the principles announced by those who were declared
its chiefs, its proceedings and results, were all calcu-
lated to spread terror among the States of Italy, and
especially among those Powers more immediately
interested in the repose of the Peninsula. The Aus-
trian Government could not regard with indifference
a catastrophe whose incalculable consequences, over-
turning the order and tranquillity of Italy, might
compromise the most valuable interests of Austria,
and even threaten its security.
" Faithful to the system invariably followed for
seven years, the Court of Vienna conceived, under cir-
cumstances so important, that it would be fulfilling
a duty which its situation and obligations rendered
equally necessary by inviting its Allies to assist with
their knowledge, and to deliberate in conceit, on
questions worthy, in so many points of view, of se•
riously occupying the thoughts and solicitudes of all
Sovereigns. Meanwhile the Cabinets united at Trop-
pan could not consider the Revolution of Naples an
entirely isolated event. They found in it the same
spirit of turbulence and disorder which had so long
desolated the world, and which they thought had
been checked by the salutary effects of a general
peace, but which unfortunately had sprung up again
in more than one country of Europe, and which has
once more re-appeared under a form perhaps less
terrible at first sight than it appeared in former times,
but more essentially dangerous to the maintenance
of social order. Such considerations could not but
impress (in the eyes of the Sovereigns) a character
particularly grave on the events which had happened
in the kingdom of the. Two Sicilies ; and they were
thoroughly convinced that by occupying themselves
with the most just and legitimate modes of re-esta-
blishing order in that kingdom, they should be labour-
ing at the same time for the general interest, the re-
pose, and the happiness of Europe, and for the dura-
tion of that peace which, after so many disasters
and such great exertions, was finally consolidated by
the Treaties of Vienna, Paris, and Aix-la-Chapelle.
—ln fact, the Revolution of Naples has furnished the
world with an example, equally instructive and de-
plorable, of what nations must expect who seek poli-
tical reform by means of rebellion and crime. Begun
in secret by a sect whose impious maxims attack at
once religion, morals, and all social ties, executed
by troops who betrayed their oaths, consummated
amidst violence and menaces exercised against the
legitimate Sovereign, this Revolution can produce
nothing bat anarchy and military despotism, which
it has increased, instead of weakened, by creating a
monstrous Administration, incapable of serving as a
basis for any regular Government, incompatible with
all public order, and with the first wants of society."
[The conclusion of this State Paper is promised in
a subsequent number.)
NATIONAL PARLIAMENT EXTRAORDINARY,

FEBRUARY is.

[The opening of the Parliament is described pretty
much in the same terms as in the letter which ap-
peared in The Star yesterday, and then follows the
annexed Declaration.]
" The National Parliament declares—
" Ist. That it cannot agree to any of the propositions com-
municated to it on the part of their Riajesties the King of Prus-
sia and the Emperors of Russia and Austria—propositions tend-
ing to the destruction of the existing Constitution, and to the
occupation of the Kingdom.
" Y. That it considers itself incompetent to attribute to the
free will of his Majesty any 4a, past or future, which may be
contrary to his oaths confirmatory of the Constitution ; and con-
sequently it considers his Majesty, with respect to such acts, as
pLiced in a state of coercion.
" 3. That, during this state of coercion of his Majesty, the
Duke of Calabria, Ms august son, shall continue Regent of the
kingdom, according to the made pointed out by the Decree of
the iOth ecember, 1820.
" 4. That, in conformity with the declarations contained in
the preceding Articles, and according to the Constitution, all
measures be taken for the safety of the State."
Considering the necessity of rendering more clear
and manifest the principles of public law which re-
gulate the nation of the Two Sicilies, the Parliament
declares—

" Ist. That the Nation of the Two Sidles is the natural ally
of those Nations which enjoy their own Constitutions or other-
wise; and that, according to the particular relations established
by constitutional methods.
" 2. That it dors net intermeddle with the government of
other Nations, nor will it tolerate that others shall meddle with
Its govetnmost ; and is deposed to employ all its means In order
that. to other Power may recede from these principles.
" 3. That the Nation offers an asylum to foreigners banished
from their country on account of liberal opinions.
“ 4. That it will never make peace with an enemy while oc-
cupying its territory."
Referring to the 4th Article of the Constitution,
which is thus conceived :—" The Nation is bound to
preserve and protect, with wise and just laws, civil
liberty, property, and other lefitimate rights of all
the individuals belonging to it.
Referring to the 6th and 7th Articles of the same
Constitution, which are thus conceived That pa-
triotism is one of the principal duties of all the Peo-
ple of the Two Sicilies, and likewise justice and be-
nevolence."
" Every native of the Two Sicilies is bound to be
.faithful to the Constitution, to obey the laws, and to
respect the Constituted Authority.
" Considering that one of the wisest and justest
laws for the preservation of liberty, property, and
the rights of citizens, is that which informs and di-
rects the public spirit so as to increase the national
force, and diminish that of the enemy :—Considering
that the pretext set up by the persecutors of our Con-
stitutional (iovernment in the face of notorious facts
is, Ist, That it has been the result, not of the na-
tional will, but of a sect, or of a military faction :
gcl, That it is incapable of preventing anarchy: Sd,
That it is subversive of the Throne :—Considering
that the principal method adopted by our enemies to
justify these pretexts, and to secure the issue of an
unjust war against an innocent People, has been to
eudeavour to 'divide the sentiments and feelings ofi

LONDON.

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1821.
THE FUNDS.

rims Of STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONS 0-CLOCK :
Bank Stock shut-3 per Cent. Reduced shut
3 per Cent. Cons. 725 % 73 72N
5 per Cent. Navy 1061,4
Exchequer Bills 4s. Ss. ss. pre.
Bank for Acct. 227
Consols for Acct. 731,4 %

A special Messenger arrived last night from Naples,'
with Letters and Papers to the 17th ult. They have
enabled us to lay before our Readers, in a preceding
`part, several interesting documents and details re-
specting the progress of events in a quarter to which
all eyes are now naturally turned.
The statement in the accounts received yesterday
by express from Paris, that the Neapolitan Parliament
had unanimously resolved to repel force by force, is
fully.confirmed. War was resolved on in the Sitting of
the 15th ult. Indeed, how could it resolve otherwise ?
To have acceded to the insulting proposition that it
should instantly dissolve itself, and acknowledge all
its acts those offolly and rebellion, would have been
tantamount to a confession that the_Neapolitan People'
ought to consider themselves no longer a Nation, but
a set of slaves, justly fated to suffer under the lash of
Northern bat barians ! Such a confession was not
likely to be extorted from the Representatives of a
People of so much spirit and firmness as were dis-
played in the accomplishment of the late Revolution;
and war to destruction is the high-minded alternative
with wh►ch they have replied to the demands pf the
Despots) and vindicated their claims, in the eyes of

the world, to the character of a heroic, an indepen-
dent, and much injured Nation !
Among the auspicious circumstances with which
the present accounts furnish us, there is one which
we are particularly pleased to obverve. In the open-
ing of the Revolution, it will be recollected that Ge-
neral FILANGIERI, the son of the celebrates' writer
of that name upon Legislation, was looked to as one
.of the main props of the new system. His talents
and gallantry, as an Officer, were highly spoken of.
As the affairs of Naples, however, advanced, he gave
up his command in disgust, in consequence of a
quarrel with General CARASCOSA. We now learn
that he has been publicly reconciled with his oppo-
nent, or rival—vowed the most cordial co-operation
in repelling the enemy, and resumed his command.
Nor was this the Only instance in which this interest-
ing spectacle presented itself, and in the eye of the
Army. Several other Officers who had personal
quarrels have sealed their reconciliation with vowj to
die in defence of the common cause.

The Neapolitan Ladies, too, have made the sacri-
fice of their jewels, and other valuable ornaments,
upon the altar of patriotism, the example having
been set them by the wife of the Pnixce REGENT.—
Italy is the classic land of female devotion to the
divinity of patriotism.
It is only for a time, and not, we trust, a long time,
that the Neapolitans will have to contend. If they
can protract the war for a few months, the means of
their safety will appear. Their cause is that of mil-
lions, and they have friends who neither slumber nor
despair. New events will present themselves, and
'new sacrifices will doubtless be made, to rescue man-
kind from the anti-social system of the confederated
Tyrants. .
From the Paris Papers of Saturday, received this
morning, we find that Spain, an ally of no mean
importance, is already making movements which in-
dicate a determination to make common cause with
Naples, in defence of a right which it has only exer-
cised in common with Spain, with Portugal, and with
every country which has passed from slavery to free-,
dom—the right of Nations to reform their internal
modes of government as they themselves think best.
Letters from Cadiz announce the departure from
that port of tha frigate la Perle, which is to join two
other vessels of the line lying at Carthagena, when
the whole.are to repair to Naples, or wherever their
presence may be useful to the Neapolitan cause. The
frigate was well provisioned and armed, and the
crew had received four month's pay in adttance.—
Other letter's from Barcelona of the 14th ult. state,
that a great number of Officers who had served in
the Peninsular war, had successively taken shipping
at that port for the kingdom of Naples, with the in-
tention of making an offer of their services. A ship,
loaded with arms of all sorts, had also sailed from
Barcelona fur Naples on the 10th.
Another circumstance is stated by the Journal des
Debats to be currently reported at Paris, which, if
true, cannot fail to have a strong influence on the
conduct of certain Powers, who affect to think, that
to look calmly on, and s°e the weak beat down by
the strong, is the best way of chewing a genuine spi-
rit of neutrality. It is said that the Parliament of
Naples has declared Sicily independent, although
under the same Monarch; and that such of the Sici-
lian Deputies as had joined the Neapolitan Parlia-
ment were forthwith to repair to Palermo, to form a
Sicilian Parliament. We sincerely hope this report
may prove true. It will he a wise and healing mea-
sure—the only measure, we believe, which can make
the Sicilians join heart and hand with the Neapolitans
in resisting the common enemy.
Lord LIVERPOOL, as our Readers are aware, made
the conduct of the Neapolitans towards the Sicilians
the grand basis of his objection to British interference.
When that conc(uct has been repaired—when the Sici-
lians have got back the Constitution which was ori-
ginally planted among them under British auspices—
can Britain refuse to support them in defending the
possession of it ?
We are not arguing for an interference which has
anything like an expensive war as its issue. A small
fleet—a much smaller one than sufficed to chastise
the Dar of ALGIERS for his violation of the rights
of humanity, would suffice to protect the Sicilians
at least, from the violation, not less flagrant, of the
.rights of Nations, which is now threatened by the
Imperial Deys of the North.
The report of a general rising of the inhabitants of
the Papal States, in favour of a constitutional re-
form, which is mentioned in a private letter from
Naples, quoted in The Times of this morning, is not
confirmed by anything in the French Journals. It
must be confessed that the idea of such an insurrec-
tion taking place under the beaks of an army of
80,000 men is improbable enough.
An article from Rome, of the 17th of Februaiy,
states, that the Neapolitans seemed disposed to leave
that Capital undisturbed ; although it is confessed
that they could have no difficulty, if they had chosen',
to anticipate the Austrians iri the occupation of it.
The Head quarters of the Austrian Generalissimo
FRIMONT were still at Florence on the 18th ult. The
new aspect which affairs had taken seems to have
determined General FRIMONT to concentrate the
whole of his army before advancing on Naples. An
Augsburg)] article of the 21th February, says, that
be will only detach a single division to form a Corps
of Observation towards the Abruzzes.

French Five per Cents. Friday, 85 fr. 50 c.

Dg4TH OF THE PRINCESS ELIZABETH.
-....

The decease of the Princess Eitz A/MFR. claugh,er
of the Duke and Duchess of CLAttENce, )lAs
a general sympathy and sorrow. The great beim_
St. Paul's Cathedral was tolled yesterday Tr, • °I
Sir BENJAMIN BLoostritto arrived in raven
tertiary morning from Brighton, and Upon tle
Duke and Duchess with condolence from the km
The Princess AUGUSTA arrived SOON after cm et2Z
from Frogmore, and remained with the Bak-a74
Duchess till past five, when her Royal lligLues mt.
turned to Frogmore. The Duchess of Gtotctsrut
and the Princess SOPHIA were with the Duke ail
Duchess a great portion of the time. The Bucket
of KENT arrived from Claremont aboat one dolatk
and remained till past three, when her !loyal IE4I
ness returned to Claremont, where she coutiaTart
on a visit to her Royal brother, Prince Ltovora,
The Princess Sarni A MATILDA sent from Blackeipor
to make her affectionate inquiries.
The residence of the Duke and Dlchess of cu;
. RENCE, in the King's PAlace, St. James's, wastkronsei
during the whole of yesterday, by the Nehifity, kr.
with Inquiries of condolence, and very gem* a.
pressions of sorrow were manifested. Amon*
eompanywtre— _ _

The A -rclbisbops of Canterbury and York, the
London, and a number of the dignified Ckrzy ; Prioot so.
hazy,. the Austrian Ambassador, the Nettle/jai%
Baron Maltzahr, the Prussian, Baron Just, the Saxon, Sim
Langsdorff, the Baden, and the American Ministers. The Noi.
lity and Persons of Distinction were extremely numernm
The interesting ltoyal Infant was in the am
thriving state until taken ill on Thursday last. De
complaint which proved fatal to it was one to elici
the strongest children are more liable than that
of a delicate constitution. The remains of the
Royal Infant will be deposited in the Royal walk
at Windsor : the funeral will be quite a primeont
The detail will be arranged according to instructins
brought to town by Sir B. BLOOMFIELD, from
ton. The playing of the band of the Guards at*
I'alace is suspended until after the funeral. A cat
was taken of the countenance of the Royal jaw
on Sunday night: it is a very faithful likage,...
The Royal Infant was born on Sunday, the
December, 1820, and died on the 4th instant, are
tuo months and twenty-two days. This crest is
deeply lamented, not only by the afilicted pax%
but the whole of the Royal )Family, and all rates

THE'

Members of Yeomanry Corps mnst have joie
the Corps six days at intervals, or five days snot&
sively, to be exempt from paying taxes cn theirhoists
Illness, or leave of absence, not an excuse.

Saturday se'nnight, a soldier in the 31st regime
of foot, on their march through Annan, picked jig
comrade's pocket of betwixt two and ES, for yid
he was apprehended and lodged in jail; but nide
Officer assuring him that he would be set at libety
if he gave up the money—he did so, and was Mesa
Saturday the depots stationed at Salisbury nurchel
to Southampton where they remain during the Assins.l

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE

• The CHEROKEE, Captain Jorge, and Plane, Unwind Sok
arrived at Plymouth on Thursday morniay, dor Dal
schooner Pieter and Emma, from Anisterdamonandly bond
to Batavia, with a cargo of one thousand casts d esti;
gold watches, provisions, &c. When first nuns
o'clock on Wednesday morning, she was layiegint shin fist
miles off Falmouth, but observing a boat towel km do
Figur, made .saiL The PIGMY immediately elm* sod bed
&fty.six shot at her, without bringing her to, until Isseebstis
the evening. when the Cuaitoase„ from Greenock, calabidlllo
Channels crossed her, and prevented her escape.
The Coromandel, arrived in the Downs froni Kahn,
the 15th October, and from the Cape the 14th Denier:
at the 'Cape the Pilot and Essex, for London; BluchersaJ His
cess Royal for England ; and iera, for New South WM
Norfolk, fromLontion was turning into Table Bay dean&
left. The Coromandel has been three weeks beating in Clia"
nal against strong easterly winds ; obierved a nudiher sans
ward-bound ships in the Channel.
Dam., Ma acts s.—Wind N.H.—Arrived last atheist alibi
with the rest of the homewarci.bound foi t ie Eiver,the
Fiona, from Almeria; Expedition, Ikons, from LONE
Salus, CRICKNAT, from Mogadore; and Mary Aim, Tsang
from the South Seas. Sailed this morning the Gain' Hank
WSLSTNAD, for Madras, Scc. Kent, Con, for Bombay, iLtal
the rest of the outward.bounti. Arrived and remaktbeCirs
mandel, HuNTIs., from Madra4 and the Cape; Lamas. Um:
and Sisters, SKROZAINT, from Demerara ; and Pradeat,liatires,
from the South Seas. The Marianna, KLAOSES, from Moir
for Copenhagen, with fruit, got ott shore this awning mar
Goodwin Sand, but was assisted off, and proceeded for bur
gate, very leaky and with the loss of rudder and boats.
POSTS/400TV, MARCN s.—Wind E.—Arrived bit *MI
ship GLASGOW, from the Mediterranean; the Eagle, bar
Ajax, WATSON; and Prince Regent, Bores, No Film;
Vrow Harnaina, CORNAL, from Setta, with luss d
cable. Sailed the John, Keane, for Jamaica.
PLYMOUTH, Ithaca 4.—Wind W.S. W.—Arrived
QuttLaa, from St. Michael's.
for Leith.

.

I

Gee
ae
ih.

ors
die 1

0...

Vie

As

'rob

Crab
Chem
Carob
Derk.
Darin

and
dee
inks,
Cbritv
Dem
Doan

FALMOUTH, Marco
Grove, Toti.cs, from Zaire in
spoke in lat. 47..50. lona. 11. 4;
Demerara--all well.
PENZANCE, Morten 3.—The
bon for London, drove on shore
the cargo is lanshog, but it is thought
RA3clu.stz, 'Marten s.—The
South Seas, has arrived off this
packet on the 16th January, in
A number of rope-makers were u.
Chatham Duck-Y.trd, and re-entered
Lord Motnretrz unfortunately'
ago, in consequence of his horse
Mciton hunt. His I,ordship, hr
In consequence of the linch-pins
being maliciously taken out, the
Member fur Lincoln, was overturned
when the coachman was thrown '
the carriage a considerable distance.
IColonol, and the wife of his broth
Lord DONAL:A voted with do
doe. His Lordship's name was
FAT,. INTA Von clay
Gannet, of the Union Inn, Stowe-on-t;
indisposed, sent for an ounce of .
who, by mistake, sent her oxalis
in a few hours afterwards.

AFIPAIR OF 110NOVIIL—Yesterday
between ll T— L.--, _
Mr. A. V. a Law Student.
shots, without bloodshed, the
faction of both parties. The
*ions used in the Gallery of
night Mr. PIA NU= brought forward
the Catholics.

BETTING AT TATTER&
WIMPY,
8 to 1 apt Reginald
11 to 1 apt Gustavus
11 to 1 agbt Jack
L6NDON : Printed and published
rime; Templer)

Wind E.—Arrived t,o lairer.
•diterra4ean ; the Facie, Pain Ssiese,
agent, Boras, fried Firse;lh ants
im Setta, with has of sitcherl hit
, for Jamaica.
ir.d W. S. W.—Arrived the
Zug,
. Sailed the Matilda, Ontele
Thai
nd S.S.W.—Arrived the Sell ,April i
n eighty-four days,for Itroli; a Tei
40. the Cecilia, of Ghee,
lb De
Peggy, of Kiscardiae; fan I* no
ore this morning.near reilinen . • poi
bought the vessel will jets dept h
r Indispensable, Stows, fro at of
is place ; sbe spoke the 1. •
lat. 7.28. N. 1014.2* the MI
*We II
were discharged on Sate*
rotated as labourers.
rly broke one of his legs s V kll
use falling in returniell
however, is doing Wet MsMv
-pins of one of the - • 4.001 guess ,
the carriage of Colomel • • %dm
mimed in that (Sty the • •
wn off his box, nn eire •
•ance, in consequence et Aid ca
mher, were much Imre. Arena
ihe majority on the Odbtat palm
a accidentally omitted in 01.1
week, Mrs. Gtoacs, wale. a
inwe-an.tee-Wohi, feast " • te
Jf salts to a neighbourly; • p./
astidqvhich cecaskeeelms f ht
rday evening, a meeting tasti
—, a Literary Gentkensh
Strident. Mkt an Mai..
matter was adjusted to the s
I dispute arose about NW
the House of Comma, •
Orward his modal for the
N'l
311SALL'S TESTSRDAT' 144tIcb
11011 V.
Il2to I art Charm, agent-e
12 to t apt Mini. Wan
Gower
20 to I apt any Othr pr
',Oohed by Low. XI" a.be,
remple-Bar•
•
•
