FROM A BALTIMORE PAPER.

The following address was composed and spoken
by a young female orator at the late celebration of
independence in Marlborough, Vermont:

" Fathers, Mothers, Friends, and Fellow- Citizens—ln the ce-
lebration of the birth-day of our nation, we, the representatives
of the confederated States of the Union, come among you to join
in the general joy, bringing with us the declaration of the inde-
pendence of these United States, which we pray you to receive
and cause to be read from that sacred desk in the presence of
this numerous assembly, that it may recall to the memory of the
aged those principles of political liberty for which they fought and
bled; and that it may impress upon the minds of the rising ge•
neration, that abhorrence of royal tyranny, and love of repub-
lican liberty, without which the independence achieved by their
ancestors can never be maintained.

" Accept, then, from us this precious pledge—precious to your
sister States, who we on this occasion represent, and more than
precious to the inhabitants of these green mountains, who laid
the corner-stone of our independence at the battle of Bennington.
" And when you receive this chart, rest assured, venerable fa-
thers and mothers, that though the father of his country, the
great Wasnuorron, sleeps in his lowly tomb at the base of Mount
Vernon, and only three of those Patriots who signed this decla-
ration of our independence yet linger on this side the grave, yet
there is—blessed, and for ever blessed be a merciful GOD !-a
generation arising who will never surrender tamely that lade-
, pendence for which their fathers suffered, bled, and died."

A private letter received this morning from New
York, dated August 8, says—" The business of this
city continues dull, and some apprehensions are en-
tertained of sickness ; as yet, however, there is no
particular fear on the subject, and the weather is now
favourable to health. There has been some failures
here, particularly the old established house of Jones
and Clinch."

We have received the Sierra Leone Royal Gazette,
of the 15th of June. It contains interesting details
of the successful attack of the boats of the IPIIIGENIA
on the Slave-traders in the Bonny, in June last. The
result of the enterprize was worthy of the gallantry
displayed in its execution. It effected the liberation
of no less than one thousand six hundred and fifteen
of our fellow-creatures. In less than three months,
more than two thousand Negroes had been rescued
from the cruel grasp of French, Spanish, and Por-
tuguese dealers in human flesh, and thus saved from
perpetual slavery.

Yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock, a Cabinet
Council was held at the Foreign Office, in Downing-
street, which was attended by the LORD CHANCEL-
LOR, Earl of LI VIIRPOOL, Viscount SIDMOUTH, Mr.
PEEL, Earl BATHURST, the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
CHEQUER, Viscount MELVILLE, Mr. IiiRAGO6
mottsr, and Mr. F. ROBINSON. The Council broke
up at a quarter past four o'clock.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, Viscount SIDMOUTH, and
Sir C. Lotto, had audiences of his MAJESTY yesterday.
The Duke of CAsiaatuot honoured Count MuN-
BTU with his presence to dinner, on Tuesday.
