CAPE OP GOOD ROPE.

Mr. BROUGHAM presented a petition from colonists at the
Cape of Good Hope, praying that • representative government
might be extended to them. He was rejoiced that they evinced an
attachment to the institutions of the mother country. Compliance
with the prayer would prevent the recurrence of evils that had hap.
paned at Cape • thereby would be secured the advantage and
tranquillity of the Ca
Sir GEORGE MURRAY feared that compliance with the
prayer of the petition was at present impracticable, the population
being thin, scattered, and mixed with the Dutch, and many slaves.
It was to be apprehended that the King's Government in such case
would find itself much thwarted he felt persuaded that, mixed as
the population was with slavery, the compliance with the prayer of
the petition was not beneficially practicable.
Mr. bIARRYATT said that a representadve government was
the only one which would ease the country of the present expensive
gaieties and officers.

Mr. W. SMITH said, that in all that was stated, there was one
material omission ; it had not been communicated where the mate.
dale of a representative government were to be obtained.
Mr. LABOUCHERE recommended that all appointments in the
colonies should be gasetted--that would prevent great abuses.
Mr. HUME lamented that the right iron. secretary should have
used such language as he had. According to that language, where
there were slaves the benefits of the British constitution were not to'
be extended. When would a colony be ready fee such govern-
ment as was possessed in this country ? Wades were ready to
pay their Own expenses, and to manage their own allies :the right
hen. gentleman's resistance was a libel en the colonists.
Dr. LUSHINOTON concurred in the sentiment of the right bon.
Sanisay, that the Cape was not in a condition to enjoy a reprw
eintetha govanunent.Sea lens ea shwerLeentinsol, be would te-
flon It Mail 181161110 1119 wiselse. Ile had reliance on
the mciehnnesete of the teems inn on swirl Ie
ROBINSON observed, dam the d the colonial
severnmeetsweeni es he hmsemmmt 1 theipigniatlen.
esPiale ha& jmesiNd • ridge hem lama* against
the inerease et the duty ea stamps.
PVIIIIONSINT ow 111111111 POO rowssar.
Mr. BROUGRAII presented petitions hem Newport, Isle el
