,~

Jamaica. Tltk he pronounced to be an unfounded
calumny. Was it not also a calumny to assert that the
taw passed by the Jamaica House of Assembly to prevent arrests du
Sundays, bad been famed with a view to the benefit of the masters
and not of the slaves. He averred that this measure had been
adopted particularly on account of the slaves, to whom the Sitaday
market was important. The work of atetulation was much easier
than that of defence.
Mr. MANNING complained of the tricks and artifices
resorted to for the purrse of getting up Petitions. One
of the exaggerations employed with that view Was the assertion, that
the 800,000 slaves in the West Indies were kept in the lowest state
of misery and degradation. lie would appeal to the lion. Secretary
of State if this was an accurate representation.
Mr. T. WILSON deprecated the manner of getting
up Petitions. That from the metropolis sighed by
80,000 had laid at different shops allover London, and
at the doors or windows of these shops a picture had

been placed, representing negroes in chains. This he
thought must disgraceful. Forms of petitions had been
• is ued, and the Clergymen and other individuals called
upon to assist its procuring signatures. If Ministers
wanted the support of such petitions, or were to he in
any degree swayed by them, they would be unworthy
to hold their situati%us. SOme petitions had been got
up, praying for'an alteration of the sugar duties, on the
ground that the duty on West India sugar was smaller
than on sugar from the Havannah. This wis a bad
argument even upon the principle of the petiti iners, for
if the West lad es had not done all that might be
wished, the Havandah had done nothing. The Slave
Trade had at least been abolished as it respected the
West ladies, but it was still carried on in the Havannah.
By an equalization of the dudes the West Indies would *be ruined.
The conduct of the Anti•slavery Society had been such as ought to
put the Howse upon its guard. Some of the Petitioners affe'cted
liberality and talked of indemnity. But their liberality was to sio
the mischief first and adjust the indemnity afterwards. He thought
it would be right on the part of Ministers to enquire itdir-vire-state
of St Domingo. in order to see if the black population there was
happier under the system of free labour, or if in fact the cultivation
ut sugar was effectually carried on ender that system.
Mr. EVANS said, that the lion. Member who spoke last had
misapprehended the obj'cct of some of the Petitioners. They in-
sisted, that if any favour was shewn in respect to duty, it ought to
be the sugar produced by free labour, rather than as at present, to
that produced by slave labour.
Mr. W. &bum was convinced that his Hon. Friend
and those Gentlemen on this side of the water, who
thought with him, were in total ignorance of what was
passing on the other side. His Hon. Friend had said
that the branding was an old story, Now he held in
his hand the Supplement to the Jamaica Gazette, in which a greet
:lumber of advertisements appeared, describing Creole Negroes as
marked with various initials and signs. Now, if be was in the
situation of the persons who published those advertisements, he
would rather lose his Creole negro than offend the eyes and ears and
feelings of Great Britain in such a manner.
Mr. BERNAL said, that he had stated the practice of marking
to be generally out of use. Undoubtedly there might be cases of
runaway slaves, who were a disgrace to the estates to which they
belonged, being branded. But he repeated his denial that the prat..
tice of general branding was in existence.
Mr. it. ELLIS said, that the branding of nerves was by law
punishable as cruelty ; and if he bad expected the discussion of this
subject he would have pointed out a case in which apemen bad
been so punished.
The Petition was then ordered to be printed.
B/r. BUTTERWORTH presented a Petition from
the Inhabitants of Dover, expressing there satisfaction
at the measures taken by the House for ameliorating
the cond.tion of Slaves, and praying kir the Abolition
of Slavery. The Hon. Member stated that from his
knowledge of the planters and owners of slaves in the West Indies
bad done much to ameliorate the condition of the negro population.
Also live similar Petitions from Bow, Amesbury, and other places.
Ur de ed to he printed.
r REGISTRATION 01 ALIEAt.
Mr. S,:cr,tary PEEL said, it was some time since held
out to the House, by his Right Hun. Friend the Secre•
tary for the Fireign Department, that he hoped the
period would soon arrive when the G 'vernment would
feel itself able to dispense with the powers given them
by the Alien Bill. That period, he was happy to say,
had now arrived, and he was glad to have it in his
power to realize those expectations which were formerly
h-Id out. Ile now rose, for the purpose of providing
for the registration of all foreigners resorting to this
country, without attempting to ask for any authority
to compel their departure from it, other than would be
used towards the natural born subjects of this realm.—
' There was only one occasion in which the power con-
ferred by the Alien Bill had been put into operation.
Every effort had been made to prevent the unwarrant-
able interference with foreigners, and to free them from
the meddling or impertinence of the subordinate agents
of police. He would now merely require that every
alien, on landing in this country, should be compelled,
under a certain penalty, to give his name) a true de-
scription of himself, and the probable place of his in-
tended abode. In certain cases, also, the 'Bill would
provide that the Sfcretary of State might call on them
to state if they had changed their places of abode, but
that only at certain intervals. These were all the powers
he now wished to retain. After lauding the conduct of the Aliens,
the Right Hoa. Gentleman concluded by moving for leave to
bring in a Bill to provide for the Registration of Alien,.
Lord A LTHORPEspoke in favour of the new Bill.
dlr. HOBHOUSE had no hesitation it saying, that the tntended
Mat was only returning to-that policy which was one of the greatest
privileges England possessed. He did not know of terms sufficiently
moil to express his admiratitin of the excellent intention of the
Right Hon. Gentleman's lid!.
Sir It. WILSON would not object to some poitus of the Bill.
The registry of names was calculated, Lowever,to create much per-
plexity. There might be times when individuals would seek this
country by means of false names.
After a desultory conversation 1-etween Mr. It. Swett, ?Jr. Dee-
na; and Mr. Secretary Par.t., leave was given to bring in the Bill.
SLAVERY IN DEMERARA AND REMO&

Mr. W. SMall ruse to bring forward the motion,
of which he had given notice, ot the state of Slavery in
the Colonies ot Demerara arts! 1.3-rbice. He attributed
the greatest evils of slavery to that assertion of the
masters—that they had the same right of property in
their slaves as in their other goods and chattels. This
a.sertion, he contended, was equally mischievous, and
opposed to common sense. Would any man in this
country say that he had the same right of property in
his horse as in his chair or his table? Would any man
say that he had as flinch right to chop off the leg ot
the one as the other ? He remembered that some years
ago, when Governor Elliott was a Governor in the
Vvest rndies, it was stated in his dispatches that the
Attorney-General had expressed himself shocked to
hear such language used in Court, as that there was no
more harm in kiliing a, negro than a dog. This arose
out of the preva:ence of the idea of unquali&d property
in the slaves. The lion. Member then adverted to the
state of the Slavery 4uebtion before the Colonies of D..
inerara and Berbice passed from the Dutch. From the
debates which then took place, it was impossible not to
feel that abolition could not long be prevented.
under such citcunwances, persons chose to invest their
propetty in slaves in the Dutch Colonies, their com-
plaints and applicstions to Parliament mete not it w
entitled to the least considerati n. He contended that
these Colonies h jd no right to refuse compliance with
the Orders in Council sent from this country. The
MILO Cut.rt iu Ihmerara was pur I c.y i 1, and

had no right whatever to legislate for the population.
Yet when Lord Bathurst's Orders Were tent out, they
refused, obedience entirely. They then proceeded to
discussion, and .now, after three years had elapsed,
the Colony was just beginning to reap the benefits
of the Older in Council, which they had no right
to refuse at first, and which might to have been
in execution two years and a half ago. The Ho-
nourable Member then alluded to the insurrections
which had taken place at various times in Demerara,
denying that the Missionaries could be charged with]
having produced the last. In former insurrections, the
slaves had burnt houses and plantations, and murdered
the whites; and all the Missionaries had done by their
influence and doctrines was to soften the character of
the last, so that not one white life was lost. From the
Fiscal's return, he saw but one single case in which a
master had been punished for the ill-treatment of
slaves; and that was not for cruelty, but for the more
tangible offence of starving his slave. In most cases
where the unfortunate slave complained, he had been
punished instead of obtaining tedress against the wrong-
doer. He and his friends had always said, that one of
tie greatest sources of exasperation to the slaves was
the liberties by the managers, overseers, and drivers,
with the women. He referred to the case of a slave,
named Felix, who had compl .ined of a manager having
gone with all tire men's wives, but particularly with
his. The result of the complaint was that the slave,
was punished, and the manager was reprimanded. The
owner of the estate was also recommended to remove
him, but which he never did. It was designed by Mi-
nisters to appoint protectors or guardians of slaves,
and a principal who was not to be the owner of any
slaves nor the proprietor of a plantation ; hut this re-
gulation was by no means sufficient for the purpose.
. In Demerara, those very persons were the moat ia-
terested in perpetuating abuses; and the matter stood
thus—if A finds fault a ith B to-day, B will accuse A
0-1210113 w. According to Mr. Henry, who went to
Beibice, the Dutch criminal law which prevailed them
Was one of exceeding nicety in the examination of wit-
nesses, and-one which he told us, the Burgo-Captains
were calculated to know nothing at all about. He spoke
of them as totally unfit for the administration of justice,
even when both parties to the suit were slaves; but
most particularly unfit to decide where the suit depended
between slaves and their own friends; and fur this
reason, that the lower the instrument was, the less
character had he to lose by his abuse of authority, and
the mere liable was he to the influence of the bad
passions in the exercise of it. If then it were provided
thAt the principal alone should not be a, planter—he
being one whom, in 99 cases out of 100, the slaves could
not see---there would he no - chance of justice. It
was a siogular fact, that while Catholics were accused
as incapable of 'maintaining . the civil relations of
society, all the Cathoiic conies possessed regulations
more merciful, and of bettpr effects than our own.—
In Demerara it Was objected to Mr. Smith, the Mis-
sionary, that he went about making inquiries of slaves
respecting their treatmeet for the purpose of afterwards
using their statements as evidence against their owners..
Now it was remarkable that this very conduct, of which
Nlt. Smith was accused, was enjoined by. the Spanish
Gaiernment to Catholic Priests, who were ordered to,
make such inquiries in order to the redress of griev..
anent with an assurance that the names of those who
made disclosures should be kept secret. Jt was said that
the slaves were nor yet fit for emancipation, and he be-
lieved the assertion to be perfectly true, and would
be sorry for any order which went to their imme-
diate emancipation. But then whose was the fault?
If the slave population were ever so debased—ever
so brutalised—they were yet nothing but what their
masters made them. Mr. Bryan Edwards, who was
a planter of eminence, and connected with others,
said that the state of morals in the West Indies was of
the most debased character, and that the examples set
by the Colonists were so depraved, that it was no
wonder the negroes were what they were. Religious
instruction among them was altogether out of the
question, notwithstanding all the regulations made for
the education of slaves. This disregard of the planters
for•the moral instruction of the slaves reminded him of.
a story told of the King of Prussia, who, when a soldier
was brought before him, charged with an immoral
offence, inquired, " is he a good soldier ?" and being
answered an the affirmative, he added, " then what
have Ito do with his amours ?" Just so with the Co-
lonists. Their question was,, whether the party was a
good working slave ? but any further they were utterly
regardless of the slave's condition, while they made his
immorality and misconduct a reason not merely for not
emancipating him at the present time, but also for pre-
venting his emancipation at any future period. Had
they availed themselves of the warning so long since
given by Mr. Wilberforce-i-by Mr. Fox and Mr. Pitt—
had they taken the alarm, and ameliorated the condi-
don of the slaves, he had no hesitation in saying that
we should now have our Colonies filled with a sound,
healthy, and industrious population. He, therefore,
came to a legitimate conclusion, in charging upon the
Colonists an utter neglect of the Signs of the times.—
As to the traffic in slaves, it was held to be only a ',whim
pokibitunt ; but who would say that forty years ago,
an honest man could not understand by the mere exer-
cise of reason, that slave dealing was then as great a
crime as at this day, when a glorious law made such a
practice piracy. It was true, to be sure, that a pro-
prietor might have a qualified property in his slaves
being bound to attend to their condition and moral im•
pavement ; but it was absurd to refer the existence of
crime to the enactment of the 30th of George the
Third. There was a moral obligation antecedent to
all statutes, written on the heart of man, whose dic-
tates all were bound to obey. They said that the sugar
cultivation was the most labotiouslask imposed upon
slaves, and it was proved to be so by its effects.—
A. paper was lately laid upon the table of the House
from the little island of Anguilla, stating that the ground
there was poor ; that they had no government, no
morals to restrain them ; that the slaves, who were not
numerous, had little food and' no clothing ; and the re-
porter addedfthat it was impossible to imagine a system
more ruinous to both masters and slaves. Now, in
those Colonies where most sugar was produced, and.
Where the propottion for each slave's work was the
largest, there was the greatest decrease of human life.
, Where a slave's task amounted to eight hundred weight
of sugar, the decrease t f life was at about two per cent.',
Whete the task did not exceed thr. e, four, or five huna '
drell weight, there was no decrease ; and in BM badoes
1 sod one other island, where but little sugar was pro-
duced, there was a small increase. In Anguilla, the
inconsiderable and wretched island of Anguilla, where
the quantity oF sugar was little more than two hundred
weight for each, the Reporter said that the slaves looked
Vigoll US and healthy, and that their numbers were Oil

the increase, though they were under such poor e:rcum
stances. Facim the considerations which he had stated,
he was induced to move this resolution
" RiesoLvro—That from the documents laid before this
House, and other authentic information respecting the Colonies of
Demerara and Berhice, it appears, that althotigh protection has
been affected to be afforded to the slave population in those coun-
tries, either by the Fiscal or Chief Judge, in the capacity of Pro-
tector of Slaves, or by some other person acting in that character,
yet that the slaves have been, and still rviiiaio, exposed to numerous
vexatious and grievous oppressions, demanding effectual relief ; and
that this House has, thererom, bad great satisfaction in observing
the declared determination of Lis Majesty's Ministers to promulgate
he those Colonies an Order in Council on this important subject, to
which unqualified obedience wiU be required. But that from all
reasoning and experience this House is led to conclude, that no legal
enactments, however well devised and strongly framed, can prove
sufficient for the effectual protection of the slave, unless the officers.
both principal and subordinate, to whom the execution of the law is
to be entrusted, shall be appointed and supported by the Govern-
ment at home, and absolutely prohibited from possessing or cm-
ploying slaves in any capacity, either pradial or domestic."
—The Hon. Member, after having read the Resolution,
observed that tke languaze on the subject of unqualified
obedience, was precisely the same as that used by Lord
Bathurst when the two Colonies had been in vain urge.i
to adopt those Orders in Council which had been transmitted with
the approbation of the House. He die not mean the Resolution in
censure of the conduct of Government, but unless they adopted
them, it was in vain to expect any good from the appointment of
Inspectors.
Mr. WILNIOT-UORTON said, that the greater part
of the lion. Member's speech teas so little applicable to
the Resolutions that he had submitted, that he himself
felt some difficulty in knowing whether he was to ad-
dress his observations to the si:eech or to the Resolutions.
As, however, the course taken by his Majesty's Minis-
ters with regard to the Order in Council for Trinidad
was at present in full operation in Demerara, and would
shortly be so also in Berbice, he thought the H •use
would do more service in endeavouring to improve and
bring into full effect what had been already done in
this matter, than in casting any implied censure as to i
what nad been omitted. He had the pleasure to inform
the House, that a Gentleman had already seen ap-
pointed by the power vested in the Crown to act as the
protector of the slaves in these Colonies ; and that he
would depart from this country in a short tim-, to take
upon himself the duties of that office. Though they were
not yet laid upon the table, he would take the liberty
of reading to the House the instructions which Lord
Bathurst had drawn up for the direction of that Gen-
tleman's conduct in his capacity of protector of slaves.
[The Hon. Secretary here read a voluminous paper of
instructions, from which it appeared that the protector
of slaves WAS enjoined to watch strictly over the execu-

.
tion of all provisions made, or to be made, for the be-
nefit of the slave population in Demerara and Berbice—
to apply to the Governor of the Colony for assistance,
in case the powers with which he was vested were found
insufficient to the discharge of the trust reposed in him
—to visit the slaves in person, for the purpose clif seeing
that they were properly treated by their masters, and of
affording them speedy redress when they were mal-
treated; to be accessible upon all occasions to slaves,
who had complaints to make to hint; to see that those
complaints were legally examined into before the pro-
• per tribunal; and to use every exertion in his power
to make their slaves understand that the provisions
made on their behalf were not intended to interfere
with the labour aqd industry which they owed their
masters, but were intended to secure to that labour
and industry the protection which they requirecl.3
He sboald be able to place these instructions in a
few days on the table of the House; but he trusted that
the extracts which he had already read from them would
be sufficient to meet the statement of the question which
had that evening been made by the lion. Member for
Norwich. The House would see from them that the
Protect' r had power given him to enforce the duties of
his office, and that, if that power were riot sufficient for
his object, he was authorized to apply to the Governor
for more. The plan which had been tried in Trinidad
was already carried into execution iu Demerara, and
was preparing to be carried into execution in Berbice
an improvement to which the Hon. Member ought to
have referred in preference to the acts of exasperrion
whit had taken place at former periods. Indeed,
he t ught that it would be wiser for the Honourable
Me er to draw the attention of the House to the
favourable prospects of the future, than to involve it
in these inconvenient discussions on . the past, from
which no advantage could be derived either to the
question which the Hon. Member had at heart, or to the
more general and more impOrtant interests. of Society.
The Hon. Secretary then proceeded to notice that part
of the speech of the lion. Member for Norwich in which
he had declared it to be desirable that all the persons
connected with the tribunals in these Colonies, subordi-
nates as well as principals, sh .uld he prohibited from
having any property in slaves. In the case of the protector
of slaves, of the Chief Justice, and of the Attorney
General of the Colony, be was prepared to say, that the
Government was determined to enforce such a regula
tion ; but he doubted whether it was prudent to say
that in all the minor officers of judicature all property
in slaves should be prohibited. A regulation to that
effect would render property in slaves a degradation
contrary to the Resolutions utiinimoasly a,,sented to by
the 'loos? in 11123, which secured to the pla,iters that
species of property, and gave then all a beneficial
interest in it. In the progress of his speech, the Hon
Member for Norwich had adverted to the insurrection
which had broken out in Demerara two or three years
ago. He had said that it was calumnious to attribute
that insurrection to the cau,es to which-it was usually
attributed, as it arose pr ncipally from the unsatisfac-
tory situation of the slave population. He had likewise
made an admission on the subject which he (Mr. Wil-
mot) was very glad to hear. The Hon. Member had
said that the slaves had risen to attain that freedom
which they erroneously supp•ised had come out to them
from England. Nov this was what had always been
asserted on the Ministerial side of the House, and as
roundly denied on the Opposition side. Th.: II)n-ur-
able Member for Norwich, and those with whom he
was in the habit of acting, said the insurrection did
not arise from any misconception on the part of the
slaves, but from the mistreatment to o hich they had
severally been subjected. The lion. Member now un-
said his loniser declaratioa ; and if there had existed a
doubt of his policy in so dorn..4, it was entirely done
away by one of the last despatches of Sir Benjamin
D'Urban to L, rd Bathurst. That dispatch, in wirich
Sir B. D'Urbaa said that be had been doing every
thing in his power to teach the slaves to look up to him
for protection, contained the rolls wing paragraph among
others:.. I can have no doubt that the opinion I ex-
pressed to your Lordship on the sth was well founded,
and that many of the slaves had still con.inued under
the delusion which I then descr.bed t indeed, several of
them avowed it, and evidently to. k leave of the hopes
they had so long cherished aids strong feelings of
sorrow. Their eyes,
hos% ever, arc °I e ied now; and I

they will ng longer have that strop)
revolt which arose from the belief
contending for rights (aqd by that t
unquestionably actuated in the late
they supposed had been granted filet.
country, but suppressed by the colonial au,thorities.—
i
At the same time that they have now been made aware
that freedom in the manner they had anticipated is out
,of the question, they have also learned that many real
advantages are preparing for them, if they deserve tht m
by quiet and subordinate behaviour; and .l have assujd
them, that as, on the one hand, the severe punishment of
any disorder among them will be certain, so, on the
other, if any individual shall at any time think
_himself
oppressed or ill-treated, I shall always be retdy to .re-
mite his complaint personally, and redress it if it be
well-founded." This dispatch did honour to Sir B.
IYUrban, and must convince the house that the recent
insurrection of the slaves arose from misconception on
their parts, and not from ill-treatment on the part of tli4
masters. That misconception, he was happy to say.
appe4red to be remoted at present entirely from the
minds of the slaves, and he trusted that nothing would
pass in that House calculated to renew it. lie agreed
with the Honourable Member for Norwich, that the
statements made by the Fiscal of Berbice were txtremely
unsatisfactory ; but at the same time it ought to be re-
colkc ted, that his explanation of them had not yet been
received. As to the observations of the same Hon.
Member, on the condition of the island of A nguilht, and
as to the instances whici4 he had cittd, to prove that the
mortality among the slaves was always gre.tter where
sugar was cultivated, than it was where any other
article was cultivated, he had only one word to say,
and that was, that it was no more a fair comparison
than it would be to compare the mortality which
occurred in a colliery, with that which occurred in the
ordinary occupations of agriculture. An Hon. Friend
behind him had said, that Petitions were daily presented
to the House, complaining of the cruelties practised on
the slaves in the collnie,-, and had called upon him to
state whether the information which he received in h's
official capacity confirmed er contradicted the com-
plaints made an those Petitions. To the call thus made
upon him he would give an answer. To suppose that
misconduct or oppression did not exist in those colo-
nies would he absurd. They existed where slavery
did not exist, and they were inseparable from it where
it did exist—(Hear, hear.) He was bound, however, to

state, that if those in authority in those colrnies were
to be credited—and he knew no reason why they should
not—the complaints in these Petitions were ot,en etas.
gerated, and generally unfounded. In mskhg that
opinion known, he felt himself also bound to say, that
any specific instance of oppression that came to the
knowledge of individual Members, well deserved the
consideration of the House. It was unfair, hos, ever,
upon general statements, to press Governme t to carry
too rapidly into execution the pledges ss hick it had
given on this subject. If any Nleibber thought that it
had not been sincere in its endeavours to fulfil that
pledge, let him come down to- -the House ant sly so:
but he trusted that if any such assertion was made, I e
should be able to convince Parliament and the country
that it was totally without foundation. lie %.isl,el the
Hon. Member for Norwich to consider • whether he
would not Consult the true interests of the cause he
advocated by.-not pressing his moti 'n in its preset.t
form? He did not wish to put a direct negative on it,
because he agreed with many parts of it. He had
enleavoured, in the course of his speech, to s!iew that.

in Demerara and Berbice all the measures of amelio-
ration which he had proposed, were actually cat ried.rto
effsct. That met the first part of the Hon. Member's
resolution. He agreed with him likewise it certain
officers whom he had before enumerated should not be permi ted
to have priedial slaves; but he could not agree with him thst all
the officers of justice should be prohibited from having them also.'
Indeed, so far front thinking that such a regulation would bit of
advantage to the colony, he conceived that it would lot. a grcgt dis-
advantage. For these reasons, he thought it unnecessary to went
to the resolutions, and he should move for the previous que.tion.

Mr. ELLIS thought if the measures of the it'uoli-
tionists tended to insure the property of the holders of
the West India property, they were entitled to a just compensation
from the Colonial Legislature; and that if this Legisla• ore refused
this compensation, this angry was placed in an unpl:s4ant bitua-
lion relative to those planters who yielded to their widtes i i ante-
liorating the condition of the negroes. He bore testimony to the
general humane treatment of the negroes by the planters, and con-
tended on the unfairness of tarnishing the character of that Body by
the hard) treatment of a few individuals. He lamented the ab-

sence of all satisfactory data to form aludgment of the actual state
of the nrg roes. The legal documents were defective, and the Re-
port was defective. Out of the 200 cases of trial in Denirtara-ard
Berbice, there were but 14 well-founded grounds of contplaiut,
out of a population of 20,000 slaves. It appeared from the
Report of the Fiscal of the Colony of Bet 'lice, as wen as from the
Fiscal of Demerara, that 15 cases out of 18 w:r. unfounded.
He mirrored a Pamphlet of the Anti-slavery Soc:ety, ..s a highly-
unjust representation of the treatment of the negro:s ht the I I .oirre,
particularly at referred to the Reports of the Fiscals f,f Demerara
and Lterbice. All undecided cases are misrepresented. _s a proud of
the illegality of slave trials, and that too in the 1110• I wilful manner,
these increased cases being italicized in the Pamphlet of the Anti-
Slavery Society, He contended for the great shdkulty of regulating
the quantity and mode of punishment of the negro and toaster, and
of protecting the master and negro reciprocally from unfounded
charges, He was gratified at the appointment of the present kgal
Officers to Berbice and Demerara. Ile wished that the Colonial
Governors, who were principally military men, should be afforded
professional assistance in the administratiou of justice, particularly
iu the Court of Chancery.
Mr. R. MARTIN would vote with his Hon. Friend (Mr. Smith)
If he thought his resolution bad the tendency he ascribed to it. But
he (Mr. Mania) thought it would have a directly contrary effect,
and must therefore oppose it.
Alr. DENMAN had not heard, during the whole discossion of
the evening, a single satisfactory objection taken to the Resolution
of his Hon. Friend. As to the pamphlet which had been referred to
by the Hon. Member who spoke last but one, perhaps there had
never been a work published which was better entitled to public
attention. Of course without preparation he could trot meet the
Hon. Gentleman upon particular statements; but there was this
fag, he could answer, peculiar to the book—it did not contain
one statement for which the authority was not directly and die.
tinctly given, For the necessity of going into these narratives so
to the condition and sufferings of the slaves, it was must necessary
to repeat them, purely becatise they were denied. The lion.
Secretary for the Colonies said—" These narratives are useless, Ire-
cause be the staves as well treated as they may, that will nut be
a reason with us for continuing slavery ;" but in the meantime,
slavery did continue; and those who supported it vowed that
the slaves were better off than the peasantry of E -- ngland.
The House, by the resolution of the year 1825, and by the resolu-
tion of the Ist of March In the present year, stood pledged to tie.
declaration that slavery was the cause of all the evils co
an_ that slavery
nsplaiucd
of; that they were evils inseparable from slavery ;
must be got rid ofa How long war kto be before that system was
to be got rid of, and before one man should cease to be takes up and
carried to prison. like a beast taken and carried to the pound, or a
chair or table taken in executing, in default of payment of the de!,ts
of another? All that the motion required was, that individuals
who were the owners of slaves should not be appointed to fill cer-
tain offices in the colonies; and this was count ued to be au attack
on the Government.
- -

- -
Mr. WILMOT-Jr-MR.I'ON aii, that he had not opposed the
motion on the ground that it was an attack on the Government :
his ohjectien tt, h was, that all which it proposed to do had alre.,dy
been done by Government.
Mr. DENSIAN said, if that were the cue,, he had misunder-
stood the Hon. Gentleman, and the time of the louse had bee.'
wa ted in %Ades' ditctsix:oa—',ll,ar, heet4, 11. ttiotLht,,ho ves.r

•
s ' ♦
excitement to J
that Elul we e
belief they were
e revolt) which
trn in the mother

111
at
di

'lnt it would not be 'nigger, to eon6rm Qsat bad been done by
overnment, by a resolution of that House, and oti that account
he would vote for the motion, if kis lion. Friend should press it to
a division.

Mr. WILMOT-HORTON rose to express his dissent from thh
part of the Hon.. Nlember's inference. It was not so. The object
of the motion appeared to be to inculpate his Majesty's Government,
whilst it was obvious that Government had gone as far as it could,
nay, provided as far as had been required by therwarmest advocates
for the liberal treatment of the slaves.

Mr. DENMAN—If so, then they had been engaged for some
hours very unprofitably. However, he though; it would be well
to have the entry on their books. Ile still was of opinion that the
Resolution proposed was at least the best and most reestnlable
ground for the appointment of protectora for the slaves; and, for
this reason, he should support the motion of his Hon. Friend.
Mr. ELLIS, in explanation, observed, that In speaking of the
decisions of the Ft-cal, be had stated that they were in unison with
his own feelings on the subject.
Mr. wiLmoToloit rox was sorry to detain the House by
again offering himself to their notice. At the sane time, if the
Hon. and Learned Oeneleruan opposite would not attend to what
Was passing thete,,he (Mr. Horton) had no alternative but to rise
its explanation, and endeavour to correct the mistakes into which
that Hun. Gentleman might appear to have fallen in respect of hi'
own observations. What he had said in regard to the motion
before the House was, that in it the lion. Gentleman opposite had
adopted the same principles upon which his Majesty's Government
had been all along acting in their eodeavoure to effect amelioration
of the present condition of the West India slaves, and that, there-
fore, the lion. Gent's motion was an unnecessary one. He had
told the lion. Gentleman, in the moat distinct terms, although be
did not appear to have been so fortunate as to make himself under-
stood to the Hon. and Learned Member (Mr. Denman), that the
officer calved the Pretector of the Slaves, had no conceivable con-
nexion whatever with the slaves. Be>ides, it should be remem-
bered that the appointment of that officer was the act of the Govern-
ment, not ti: the Colonists, nut of the Planrers--( Hear.)
Mr. B A Il I NG considered it would be an extremely wrong course
for the House to pursue if it should display to the Colonists any in-
tention to interfere with the Government, particularly when, as bad
burn confessed, Government was found doing that which it bad been
solicited to do. If the present motion was not in blame of Govern-
ment, then it was tintrecemary. Hitt blame, then he contended that
no case of blame had iicen made out. His Honourable Friend had
admitted it was not desirable to go on with the plan of amelioration
faster than had been adopted by our Government, but the conse.
quences of the irritating and MB liumatory language held by certain
visionary persons both in and out of doors rendered caution necessary
on the part of the warmest friends of the final emancipation of our
Slaves. In fact, the candid and considerate advocates of the measure
had avowed that it must be highly dangerous to attempt any thing but
gradual emancipation through purchase, by means of the savings of.
the slaves themselves ; but it must be highly dangerous to excite the
ds of the slaves, by representing that the Government at home,
and the local Legislative Assemblies,• were at variance with each
other. No sooner were the minis of -the population of the Colonies
tranquillised by the communications of the Governors, than Gentle-
men, finding that such a state of impsovernent was not suited to
their expectations and views, than they set about giving the slave
population a notion that they were a free people and a Parliament
behold, who were desirous for their complete emancipation—
( Hear, bear).—ln the whole course of the proceedings of the Anti-
Slavery Society, there was that which appeared to hint calculated
Dilly to produce the greatest agitation and mischief—(Hear, hear).
Ile therefore regretted that it happened, that, from the first day
of the Session, a motion of a generally inculpatory nature, as to the
slave question, had hero put on their paper—which had been from
day to day postponed until almost the last part of the Session by
his Hon. and Learned Friend. One motion bad succeeded another,
and the Hon. Menther for Weymouth had now a little motion in
reserve on this subject.—( A laugh.)—He could not recognise in
the conduct on the part of his lion. Friends in that house, that
good sense which so often induced hint to vote with them. The
colonists and the slaves themselves were deeply indebted to the
wise and conciliatory representations of the Methodist Missionaries
in the %Vest Indies, who forbore to enter into those questions which
might raise the slave against the master, and represent their civil
at variance with their religious duties. For their declaration that
there was nothing in the state of slavery incompatible with the
duties of Christianity, he, for one, felt these COlonies owed those
pious and zealous persons much.—( Hear !)—lle was happy to have
it in his rower to hear tine testimony to their unpresuming merits,
and be-tore he sat down he must say, that it religious information
were to be a means of helm ming, improving, and finally eman-
cipating-our slaves in the West Indies, he mimed much more
from the mild and uopresurning influence of -the doctrines of the
Methodists, thin from the half political and highly excitative duc-
t' ines of other Missionaries in those Colonies. For these reasons
he should advise that the Hon. Mover should not press his motion
to a division.

Mr. BROUGHAM said, be was compelled to complain of the
gross misrepresentation of his lion. Friend (Mr. Baring), both of
Members of that House, anti of persons out of that House forming
the Anti-slavery Society. Ile, however, denied that the feeling
which pervaded the country on the subject was attributable to the
agitations of the Society, to the publications emitted by them, or to
the speeches made at its meetings. No misrepresentations had been
put forth by the Society—they had made no appeal to the passions
of mankind, but had only repeated facts stated in the first place out
or the mouths of the West Indians themselves ; and by those facts
hal the feelings of the people of England been unanimously
rueied—( Hear, hear).—lie (Mr. Brougham) had read the ac-
counts of almost all the Anti-Slavery Society Meetings, and
although the persons attending those meetings were naturally ex-
cited by the nature of the question with which they had to deal,
he had never observed an instance—he made no exception—in
emancipation--rash, sudden, and immediate emancipation—
was recommended by the most ardent friends to the improvement
of the negroec, or the most inveterate enemy of slavery. His
lion. Friend (Mr. Baring) had accused him of having given notice
of a motion on the subject of slavery, and of having put it off from
day to day, which it was said had a mischievous effect. It
was true he had given notice of a motion on the subject of
nero slavery, and he had attended from day to day, prepared
to bring it en, but he was prevented by a petition by his
Honourable Friend the Member for Weymouth ( Mr. F. Buxton).
The discussion on that petition had drawn from the Right
Honourable the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, a statement in
which was given a detail of facts, of which he alone as a Minister
could be supposed to be possessed. lie ( Mr. Brougham) was bound
to give credit to the statement then made as a correct one, but he
had since found that the Right Hon. Secretary was himself deluded
in the information conveyed to him that something was One by the
Colonial Legislatures for ainelicitating the condition of the slaves,
since all that was done by the Colonial Legislature was only a mock
compliance with the wishes of the Government on the subject of slave
treatment. He would pledge hinifelf to prove, that nothing of what
was then stated u having been done was accomplished by the Colonial
Legislatures. Having, tor the reasons he had mentioned, been in-
duced to postpone his motion, he was obliged to postpone it for six
vrteks, for he had something else to do in the interim. After the
Wlied at which he could attend, he found that the earliest day at
hich he could bring on his motion was the 11th of May, on which
day he was determined to bring it on ; but if circumstanct s sheuld
prevent him on that day, he would fix it for the next Wednesday
following, Wale frail tenure of the session allowed him that time.—
Ile thought that Parliament ought not to separate without coating
to Rune decision on this important question. Without going into
farther detail, on the present motion, he would give his vote in
favour of the proposition of the Hon. Member (Mr. W. Smith) if
he pressed it to a divisim.

Mr. Secretary CANNING. —My view of the question will em-
brace so very small a COmpagn, that it will necessarily require
but very few observations. This motion is one which seems to
infer a suspicion of the integrity of the Government, and is hrought
forward as if there were a necessity to chase the Government, or
stimulate its progresa. • In either case I think it is in my power
to advance re-isons why it shoOil be rejected. But the singu-
Lrity of the present motion, and of this proceeding, is, that it
professed to be made in furtherance of the views adopted
by the Government, and in co-operation of what the Govern-
ment, iu concurrence with the Parliament, has done. Now,
without any presumption, I think I may contend, that 4hat
has been done with this profes•ed end, has been done, not in
accordance with, but in opposition to, the exertions of the Go.
Nei-beim upon the subject. Not fur the purpose of coming to au
arrangement, but as if it were intended to prevent one. Of this
'mode of proceeding, I can only say, that of their system, it is only
a part, and of their management, 1 ON it to you as a specimen.
I he cFesticit is one of infinite combination, it is one on which
every one may conic to a conclusion, but the conclusion having
been come to, it is a question upon which every one may ad••pt
his own means of attaining the ends of that conclusion, and
why may nut the Government do so, without being accased either
v.f lukewarmiie,s or of apathy ? And here I wish to put the
elu"tion On its true grounds. The Guvrrnmeut. of which I have
411/611"0"1 to be a past, proposed a series of Resolutions, which
were adopted by the lA•gidature, and from that moment the Go-
.' rhlnerir,_ls toile considered as limited in their operation by the
g
t"" Ile.niutions. They are not, however, to be swayed by
cot tradastfurs oiprinte opinion, nor are they to be changed front

their fixed purpose, but they are to abide by the Itesolutions, and
the resolutions alone. The question really is, whether they act
Mori fide in-support of those resolutions, whether they act accord-
ing to the best of their judgment in doing so, and whether, having
sufficient meant to arrive at the end, they cause those resolutions
to be'carried lath effect. If, when those resolutions do not mean
more than they express, cats more be required to be done?—
It may, and I know that it is sought, that more should be done,
but that more is hazardous.. It is not fair, nor is it judicious
to attempt it ; and it appears as if the advocates of this question,
ender the pretence of siding, wished to disturb and wanted
to divide into branches, what should only be considered as a
whole. When public meetings too are said to be held for the
aid of Government upon this question, we say 'distinctly we do
not want them. Their aid only perplexes, and their assistance
is inconvenient. Let us consider the difficulties we have to con-
tend with. On the one side we have an overweening anxiety for
the result of its exertions, and a very strong enthusiasm. On
the other side, our diffieulty arises from an inflexible opinion on
the part of the colonists. Are, or can our difficulties then be
lessened by the perpetual agitation of motions of this kind ?
These motions are no doubt well intended, but do they not
encourage enthusiasrh on the one side, and are they not calcu-
lated to make obstinacy more obstinate on'the other? We have
to conquer enormous difficulties to arrive at our object, while
we may increase them by aiming at too much, for those whose
interests are so vitally cmicerited. Is it not likely, by adopting
such a mode, that we shall bring into play the angry passions, and
increase the alarms of these who are so interested; and is it not
natural, that persons so attacked should throw every obstacle in
our way? But it is said, facts should be stated, and cruelties,
should be brought before the public eye. He did not deny that
facts ought to have been mentioned, and that there were cruelties
recorded, the memory. of which ought to be effaced. The state-
ment of these would have been all tight at a certain stage, but
now there can I.e no necessity fur them. If the question now
was whether the former system should be continued—if it was
even whether the present system of West India slavery were to
he continued, then those statements would be logical, would be
fair, and would be just, and it would be necessary to bring those
revolting scenes belore the public, because there wot.ll be, in
that case, a legitimate object in doing so. But when the object
is attained, cats there be any use in bringing forward facts
otiosi, and without any reason, but to excite an enthusiasm
which should be controlled. The end now is to attain practical
good within practical limits. 'Therefore, upon that ground, and
without going farther, I will oppose the one or two motions, and
which are not to be, by five or six, the last upon this subject, as
being fraught with unnecessary mischief. I say so because, under
the pretext of. assistance, they only oppose the real object in view,
and for that reason I shall move, that the House do go to the pre-
vious question. Lest, however, the intentions of Government may
have been misunderstood, I shall state, on the one hand, for the
information of those who apprehend mischief to the Colonists, that
sooner or later, the object of Parliament and of the country will be
effected, and that there is a power in the Parliament that stall carry
it into effect. To others who are inclined to proceed to incalcu-
lable extremes, I will say, this the Orders its Council are a fit
system to attain the object in view, and that the Government will
nut go beyond them. I will also say, that if the Government do
not choose to proceed to indefinite or unforeseen lengths, the
Orders. in Council are distinct orders to the West India Islands,
and that at some time or other, the Parliament will find means to
carry them into execution—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. W. SMITH replied; and,
After a few words from Mr. Witatolefloaxos, the motion was
put, and negatived without a division.

Mr. MARTIN moved for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the
improper and cruel treatment of Dogs.
Mr. HUME hoped the Hon. Member would iuclude Cats in his
Bill--(Loud laughter.) They were most useful animals, and greatly
persecuted—(Hear !) lle did not like partial legislation.
Mr. Secretary PRE L opposed the motion.
After some further conver.ation between Sir T. Amato, Mr.
Nlitasto, Mr. Pen., Bcc. the gallery was Cleared ; but Mr. Mamie
consented to withdraw his motion.

The other Orders of the D;y were then disposed of, aril the,
House adjourned at Ottz o'CGoca. • • •

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1326.
STOCK F.XCITANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened this morning at the pike they left off yesterday,
791 a, and they have varied from 791 to 1:
In the Foreign Market little is doing.

Current Prices: Old Spanish 7 8, Meiican 631, Colombian
new 411, Peruvian 2$ 29, Russian 78i, Brazilian SS, Greek
Bonds 15 16, New Scrip prem. Exchequer Bills 11 premium.
