LONDON.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1822.
STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
The Market opened this morning with Consols at
781/2; a considerable number of Brokers were early
in attendance, and extensive purchases have been
made by both parties. The Market looks exceeding
well at this time, and,Consiils for the Opening arc at
78 3/8 t,13, and for the February Account, 78 %
Current prices:
per Cent. Reduced 77% 5/s
3 per Cent. Cons. 78% % 5 ex. div.
31/2 per Cent. 88%-4 per Cent. 96Y4
.5 per Cent. Navy 108% 7/8 34 es. div.
Bank Long Anns.l9lh--India Bonds 745. 765. pr.
Excheq. Bills, 4s. 55.--Do. Small 4s. 6s.
Cons. for Account 781/2 1/2 34.

The French Papers of Thursday and Friday bring
full confirmation of the odioui proposal of the Minis-
ters for extinguishing the Press in France, and of
which we gave the substance on Saturday. One of
our contemporaries says this new Law is not so severe
as the Censorship: how ha discovers this, we know
not. The Censorship, by striking out an obnoxious
paragraph, proticted the Journalist, and gave a sanc-
tion to everything that remained : the new Law, on
the contrary, lays wait for its victim, and on the first
real or imaginary offence, suspends the Journal, or
even suppresses it, at the pleasure of a Court ap-
pointed by the Ministers of the Crown. ,It is true
that the Author and the Journal are not to be"con-
denmed without pleadings taking place, which shall
be " public, unless the Court should consider that
publicity dangerous to order and morality." What a
mockery is this, in the name of justice! Well might
the Member-, on hearing such a monstrous proposi-
tion, exclaim—" This is the establishment of a Star
Chamber: send your Law to Constantinople! This
will make us bless the Censorship: give us back your
Censors."—The slavery of the Censorship, indeed,
was perfect freedom, compared to the new Project of
these Ultra deg-oes, the French Ministers. But odious
as this Law is, it is not deemed sufficient for the new
Ministry, and they propose to reserve to themselves'
the right of renewing the Censorship, any time in the
interval of the Sessions of the Chambers, by an Or.
donnance of the KING countersigned by three Ministers,
should circumstances render such a measure necessary.
Such circumstances a French Ministry can always
create, as several of the Members observed when this
part of the Project was read—" You can create ex-
traordinary circumstances when you please—you
will have petards at your command." Not one of the
French Journals dare, of course, offer a single remark
on the law preparing for their destruction. The Con-
stilutionnel has barely been permitted to regret the
absence of so many Deputies, whose Constitutional
sentiments are well known " at a time when projects
of law of the highest importance are submitted to
the discussion of the Chambers."

The French Papers repeat the rumours of the death
of the SULTAN. One of them, on the authority of a
letter from Vienna, dated December 16, says, "Con-
stantinople is no morel A conflagration more violent
than has been hitherto known, and which has made
greater ravages than that of Moscow, has reduced
this capital to ashes. The superb Mosque of &Sophia,
the Seraglio of the GRAND SEIGNIOR, with all his
beauties ; and, at the same time, the arsenal has fallen
a prey to the flames. The GRAND SRIGNIOR and his
son, ABDUL MIRZAD, have been assassinated ; and the
Mufti, the Reis Effendi, the Captain Pacha, and a
great number of the dignitaries of the empire, have
shared the same fate."
All this is stated to have been the work of the Ja-
nissaries, one of the Chiefs of which has been pro-
claimed Grand Seignior. All the Greeks and Franks
had been assassinated, and the Foreign Ambassadors
had with difficulty escaped.
An article from Vienna, dated 234 December, de-
