Angle Mexican
Brazilian

Pannell Fumne.—Fore per Cents. 105 f. 50e.—Three per Cents
72f. 50e.—Bank Actions, I,BBof.—Neapolitan, 761. 40e.—Spanish
(1823), 72f.—Exchanse on London, one month, 251. 25c.—Three
months, 251. 15e.

In the House of Lords last night Lord HOLLAND pot
several questions to the Duke of WILL! TON, in regard to the in•
tendon of Government relative to our foreign connections; to
which the illustrious Premier candidly and satisfactorily answered,
that there was no intention on the part of his Majesty's Government
to ask for a vote of credit for the service of the year ; neither was
it the intention of his Majesty's Government to bring forward any
measure which would require any explanation, or be calculated to
I excite any discnuion as to the state of the foreign relations of the
cdnotry. Lord HOLLAND then gave notice of a motion upon the
subject for Wednesday (to-mor row).

It is extremely mortifying to observe the little re-
sistance made by the Constitutionalists of Oporto to the
' power of Don MlGUEL—and indeed the general bad
management, shown by delay and otherwise, of the
cause of Independence.
The events which preceded the taking of Oporto,
are in themselves conclusive of the value of patriotism.
Don Mtouar. announced th4t be assumed the title of
King at the request of his free and independent subjects,
the Cortes. His free and independent subjects, who
had so long been shouting for the Constitutional Charter
entire, as freely gave their voices for the Absolute King,
and so the three Estates met in three different chut ches to
consummate the liberties of Portugal, offered up thanks,.
givings for the blessings which were to follow the election,
,and chaunted a Te Deum upon the occasion. Then,
anxious to consummate the independence tf the king-
dom, the army marched to Oporto, and the remnant
of the Constitutional army, which saw the wor-
shippers of Absolutism approach, fled in every di-
rection; and thus the city of Oporto, so lately the
seat of freedom, became at once the depository of
the adherents of perjury and rebellion. When men
are determined to fight for their liberties they will
sacrifice much to attain, or rather to endeavour at
attaining their object. But what have the Constitu-
tional Portuguese sacrificed ? Except a little pattering
about the Constitutional Charter. we know of nothing
they have done in the way of effective resistance. Before
we come seriously to consider of what materials the
Portuguebe are composed, no other result could have
been expected. It they are so fond of an absolute King
—if they can so soon forget DonPeorto and the Chaster,
and tamely submit to the trammels of slavery,which will
be the consequence of the election of their new King—
in GOD'a name let them enjoy their blessings undisturbed.
The 114ig4relites are said to have conducted themselves
with perfet:t good order and discipline at Oporto, and
the British Consul to have received the strongest as-
surances from the Portuguese General that the persons
and property of British subjects should be protected.—
The consternation which had previously prevailed
among them bad, in consequence, subsided ; and at the
date of the latest accounts which have reached-us, the
British families who had taken refuge on board the,
merchantmen and ships of war, were preparing to return
to the city.

An Official Bulletin from the Russian army, given in
another pai t of our Paper, states that the Russians, in
addition to the capture of Brailow, have made them-
selves master of Hirsova, en the Danube, and of the
important post of Kusteodgi, on the Black Sea. The
rear on they right and left flanks is thus secure, whilst
Kusteodgi affords them the means of receiving, with
the greatest facility, supplies of provisions and ammuni-
tion from Odessa.

We received FranklortP.pers this morning. The
&flowing arc extracts :

SMYRNA, MAY 31.

On the 28th inst. Hassan Pacha sent for the inter-
preters of the several Consulates, and signified to them
that henceforth no an of war, of whatever nation it
might be, would be allowed to enter the port of Smyrna;
that those which were there might remain as long as

they thought proper, but that when once they had sa
they would not be permitted to come in again. He
informed them that the object of this measure was to
provent Russian men .of war from entering under the
Lig of some .other nation, and fixed the 30. h for re-
ceiving the answer of the Admirals and Commanders
of divisions.

An express was immediately sent to Admiral de
Rigny, who was at Vourla, to inform him of this com.
m unication. ,

On the 29th Count Dandolo, the ,Austrian Admiral
the American, Dutch, and English Commodores, ac-
companied by the Consul General of Austria, assembled
to hold a conference at the residence of the Consul Ge.
neral of the Netherlands.

It was there unanimously decided, that the measure
proposed by the Pacha could not be acceded to ; that
the men of war of the Powers not at war with the Porte
could not renounce their right of frequenting withou
hindrance the port of Smyrna, a right which was founded
on treaties, that nothing could authorise an infraction Of
those treaties, and that if force should be employed
against them, they would be obliged to repel it. This
answer was transmitted to the Governor, who declared
that all his efforts were directed to the maintenance of
the tranquillity of the country; and that if the Com-
manders of the squadrons thought they could propose
some mote efficacious or acceptable means of attaining
that object, he should always be ready to make an ar-
rangement with them for that purpose.
On the 29th, at three o'clock, Admiral de Rigny,wbo
was on the point of sailing for the Archipelago when
the news reached him, arrived in his boat. He sent in
the Governor an answer in writing,•the contents of which
are not known, but the object of which is to settle the
difficulty, while he firmly maintains the rights of his
flag.
In consequence of the observations made by the Com
'Ails and Naval Commanders, and a long conference of
Admiral de Rigny with the Pacha at nine in the even-
ing, every thing has beeo amicably arranged, and re-
mains on the same footing as beretofore,for the general
interest of the city.
The history of the Greek revolution up t.) this time is
entirely included in that of some distinguished foreigners
whom glory, ambition, or cupidity, have attracted to
tbis scene of action. Among the men who have acted
a part in Greece daring the last seven years, Lord
Cochrane is undoubtedly known by his preceding career,
and he who was most depended upon for the promotion
of the Greek revolution. Yet though his character and
his talents rendered him the perrm who was capable of
doing the most, he is the one who has done the least.
His naval skill and bravery, which are celehrated
through the whole world, do away with every idea of
ascribing the fault to him. The want of disci.
pline among the men under his command, the under-
hand opposition of the heads of the Government,
were doubtless the principal obstacles to his suc-
cess ; but is it not also jut to own that his love of money
had raised insurmountable obstacles in the contract
which had enrolled blots in the service of Greece? This
contract allotted an enormous sum to him
.; it
snatched from the Government and the seamen the last
prey that was left for them to devour—the balance of
the English loan. Cochrane wanted to make war like
a British Admiral; the Greeks desired only a freebooter,
who would procure them money, instead of taking it
from them.

This contract bas never been published, and is but
little known even in Greece: it is so curious a docu•
ment that it deserves to be• transcribed at length :

"Taman. concluded at Limnos August 16.1825, between Messrs.
Patois B , aluma Cam Hoimuusg, and El/WARD &sacs,
acting with full powers For Lord Com/Lams, and Joey °imams°
and' Armarw Lsuaurvis, Deputies of the Greek Government.
. _

.
" I. The Deputies of the Greek Government engage Lord
.Cochrane as Commander of the Foreign Auxiliary Naval Force,
during the whole war with Turkey.
" 11. The Deputies of Greece are to furnish six steam-boats,
which shall be ready to proceed to Greece, with Lord Cochrane, in
two months and a half at the latest.

"111. Lord Cochrane acknowledges the Greek Government in
every thing relative to his service during the war between Greece
and Turkey. _ _ _

" 1 V. Lard Cochrane engages to take, if necessary, a certain num-
ber of English seamen on board the vessels under his command.
" V. Lord Cochrane has the right to choose bis Officers and his
sailors.

_______
" VI. The Deputies of Greece place at the disposal of Lord
Cochrane one hundred and fifty thousand pounds sterling, as well
for his emoluments as for the expenses of the expedition.
" VII. Lord Cochrane shall deliver up the six steam-boats to
the Government when the war with Turkey shall be terminated,
in whatever condition they may be.
"VIII. The prizes declared to be good by the Maritime Tri-
bunal at Napoli di Romania, shall be divided according to the laws
in force in England.

M IX. Thiny.seven thousand pounds sterUng are placed at the
disposal of Lord Cochrane by the Deputies of Greece, to indem
ntfy Mm for what is owing to him by the Brazilian Government.

6" X. The Greek Government shall pay every six months, and
apart, the foreign seamen.
" XI. The Greek Government shall furnish provisions to the
crews in the service of Greece."

Vieux*, JULY s.—Nietal'Nue', 92 I.—Bank Shares, 1,065 I.
Fro/I/earl Papers, July 5.

The Duke of CUMBERLAND came to town on Sunday.
afternoon front the Royal Lodge in Windsor Park. His Royal
Highness, together with the Duke of CAMIBRIDGZ, honoured Earl
&TRUSS? with his company to dinner in the evening. at bis resi-
dence in Mansfield-street.

The Duke of CAMBRIDGE Visited Count MUNSTER
yesterday at his Excellency's residence at Roehampton. His Royal
Highness returned to town. to the afternoon, and dined whir the
Earl of Cirrainrnon, at his residence in North Audley-street, where
a select party were present to meet bis Royal Highness.
Prince LEOPOLD honoured the Marquis of CLEVELAND
with his company to dinner on Sunday, at his residence in St.
James's-square.
Prince GRORGE of CUMBERLAND, accompanied by
Colonel Tuostrron and the Rev. Mr. Jur, came to town yester-
day morning from Kew:
The Spanish (Especial) Minister transacted business,
yesterday with the Earl of AMILDIIII at the Foreign Office, Down-
ing-atrem.
Viscount liErtEsroau, Mr. Secretary PEEL, and Sir
Gamins MUAULAT had interviews yesterday with the Duke of
Wm-warren at the Treasury.
The Right Hon. Sir FREDERICK LAMB arrived in
town about half-past five yesterday afternoon, from Salisbury,
where Sir I/K=2llllM remained on Sunday night, on his way to
town front Falmouth, at which port his Excellency landed on his
return from Lisbon,
The SPEAKER labours under so severe a cold that
yesterday he could scarcely render himself audible, except by ob-
viously painful efface of the voice. Much of the business was in
consequence put off.
The Earl of MANSFIELD gave a grand entertainment
yesterday to Prince LIOPOLD and a numerous party, at his villa,
Caen Wood, near Hampstead.
Lord F. L Gowen has been unanimously re-elected
to represent the county of Sutherland In Parliament.
Lady Lyuntrustar entertained a large and distin-
guished party of the beat las yesterday evening, at her house in
George-street.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER consented last
night, in accordance with what seemed the general with
of the House, to withdraw the Superannuation Bill.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
CHANGES.
Lord Seymour, from the Duked•Sonterftes, in Park-lane, tie
the Isle of Wight; Sir James Fraser, Bart. In Seymour street,
from Hampshire; Captain and Mrs. Seymour. for West Cowes, in
the Isle of Wight;, Major ond. Mrs. Armstrong, for Rochester;
Mr. James Brougham, M. P. for Brougham Hall, near Penrith ;
Mr. C. Brownlow. in Montagu-square; from Lnegan ;* Mr. and
Mrs. Montague, for Lyme, in Dorsetshire; Colonel Drummond, in
Bryanstone-square, from Northampton ; Mr. Jemmett Browne, in
Cork street, from Cork ; Colonel Clifton, in the Regent street,
from Cork; Captain and Mrs. Mundy, for the Steyne, Brighton;
Captain Andrew Gordon Dug; in Sussex place, the Regent's Park,
from Brighton ; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Manners, for Newport, in
the Isle of Wighr ; Colonel and Mrs. Gore Langton, for their seat,
Newton Perk, Somerseuhirs; Lord and Lady Anson, for the Isis
of Wight ; Lord and Lady John Thynne, for their seat in Somer.
setshire ; Colonel and Mrs. Beaumont, for their seat, Bretton Hall,
Yorkshire; Lord and Lady Edward Chichester. for Dublin.
