POLAND.

CRACOW, MARCH 20.—General Klopicki is a little
better, and it is hoped that he will be preserved to his coun-
try. Since yesterday a report has been spread here that
the Polish; deputies, sent to the Russian Head-Quarters
have been received, and have opened negociations. This
circumstance, should it be confirmed, will have a good
augury, because np to the present time Marshal Diebitach
has refused all kinds of negociations, under pretext that the
orders of the Emperor would admit of nothing but a blind
submission.

SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS,
OF TO•DAT AND TUTERDAY.

Tar DUBLIN MORNING PO/S.—PUNISHMENT OF DEATH—
Foacizar Laws.—We cannot forbear returning to this subject. The
perusal of the admirable report submitted to the public meeting held on
the 9th March, the Lord Mayor in the chair, must carry conviction to
every unprejudiced mind. We must admit that Sir It. Peel appears to
us to have been mistaken, or manifestly inconsistent in the course
he pursued on this question In the debate which took place in April
1830, he is reported to have said, " I shall remit the capital
punishment in various cases, where there seems to prevail
a serious difference of opinion upon the propriety of its infliction"—
and after such an avowal of " his rule of conduct," he complacently
opposes the abolition of capital punishment " for the forgery of all do-
cuments which represent money," by which he declares be means bank
hills and notes. How can Sir Robert Peel maintain that no serious
difference of opinion exists on this subject ? Has he not petitions
from bankers, merchants, and professional men of all descriptions, for
the abrogation of those cruel laws?—Has he not declared the opinion of
the mat eminent men in the Houses of Lords and Commons. It lea fal-
lacy, and will be said to be a pretence, to uphold a system of paper credit
at the expense of civillsauon. We contend that the views of Sir
Robert on this subject are contradictory and narrow. If it be neces-
sary to outrage the best feelings of humanity to maintain the credit of
the Bank of England, that establishment cannot: be on a sound basis—
but we assert, that other punishment less than death would be more ef-
fectual, not only for the protection of banks, but of society. Criminals
would not be permitted to escape—and impunity (often through the
extreme severity of the present law) would not :lead' to the commission
of crime. We have that opinion of Sir Robert Peel, that we anticipate
he will yield upon the subject, and not emulate the Duke of Wellinr
ton upon the question of Reform' by declaring against at/ reform, in
opposition to the declared opinion of, we might say, the people.
Hza.at.D.—lt appears that at the York Assises a man named Thomas
Gregg, convicted of sheep-stealing, has been doomed to suffer the sue-
tr.i. enaltp which our improved criminal code annexes to this aimo,
which is death. We had hoped the time wan come when an offence of
this nature would be thought sufficiently atoned foe by some punishmert
short of taking human life. But the Judge who tried the case (M .
Justice J. Parke) is reported to have given a reason for inSieting, in the
present instance, upon a sheep-stealer, the punishment which he would
have awarded to a murderer. He is stated to have told the prisoner
that "the offence of cattle-stealing had become so common of late
in the country that a severe example must be made, and, in
his opinion, there was no case so glaringly fit to afford that example as
his." This way of putting the cue we consider, with v.ll submission to
the learned Judge, to be founded on the doctrine of expediency, not on
the principles of justice. It is but a new application of the dogma of
Judge Buller, that a man Is hanged not because be steals a sheep, but
that sheep may not be stolen. Carry this doctrine to its full extent.
and to what will it lead ? To the enactment of the penalty of death for
every offence whatever. For if legislators and judges Save a right to
take life in any instance, on the ground of expediency, without
any consideration of the proportion of the punishment to
the offence, they have an unquestionable right to do It in
every instance. The whole moral foundation of justice is subvestsd.
An enlightened public calls for a repeal of the forgery laws, and demo&
that the crime shall be treated, even in its worst *live, as an
voted species of fraud, as it really is, and not as an offence of
or blood : but the doctrine in question, if of any weight at all, most
prevent all amelioration of the criminal Code. The eminent isilelimi
who holds the highest judicial situation in dit country eked his
splendid and useful career in the House of Comma the by pouswir ii
petition, which petition stated that thaw who dyed it 'We.ud
with deep regret the excessive and indismindoste severity et the
I eeiminal laws, which annex to offences of dillimmt degrees of amid
guilt the punishment of death, and confound the mere invasion of the
rights of property with the mipiselignest mad atrocious about spin
the person and the life of man." As to ng, umber *epee•
tem* of amendment, Sir R. Peel has made law more empthery
than itiwas before, as he has made it a capital lima to kill a sheep,
or, indeed, any cattle, with intent to steal the skin—which was net es
piial by any previous law !
Tunas.—Of all the champions of anti-reformation, the Duke et
Wellington stands alone in his daring, we doubt not honest, but almost
ludicrous denial of the necessity for any species of reform. It is not
therefore the Duke of Wellington we fear. His doctrine will not make
dupes or proselytes. The shuffiers—the sleight-of-hand men—are the
real parties of whom the people should be apprehensive. Although
Sir R. Peel and his party one and all refused—refused as doggedly
as the Duke of Wellington himself—to admit the least accession of
popularity into the representation, when the proposal was made to them
for transferring the franchise of worthless and despicable boroughs to
towns of vast wealth, population, and intelligence • and although the
present universal hunger for a sweeping demolition Of the close boroughs
may be traced to the just indignation of the country at those shameful
votes, the very same suss have now the impudence to assure us that they.
forsooth, are Meadow Paelioneentary reform, but not to this reform. In
other words, they would take credit for the truth of declarations which
every act of their previews lives has contradicted. Still, we enjoin the
people of ingland, as Mr. O'Connell does the Irish, set your shoulders
to this one weekm.oMminp nothing—think of nothing—until you have
aceempliehod that. erm will do every thing for all of us: without
referee, there is neither puce within nor power without, nor security for
whet we have, nee hips that which is wanting.
Bs aux.—The assmpt se teighem the agricultural interest into an
lifelMitilln to the name mean= es the score that it will have the yet of
tag awe with the present messes of earn laws, is a comploto her.
bare. way meth m he amass& whether MIS them Me whose
gestectiss probes to be ems* we, spas the balm% malmielly,
id
Bet all, by them laws nth m they sew amt ad the were.
meet coda set palpably do a Mem thin Sir the apimiteral, as mil
as the whotheasmottnity (and at the same time slimes the diets Oen
dim athimillinm croakers), this reps at MISS the whole et imp-
esel Nth laws, with their oomplsM mashinmy at aver gee, Ma by
ssielhadng in their mead such a Issi mid drat y as the ha-
' portadon of dodge as es wadi amble taxed -WM grows to
compete with the issaidi ham et to North AllNfial.
Posr.—We know et soaks shish, se a pottagel suriosiVelet
be of more interest to the phis present than a ekes& et the
Bill which Mr. itheoghss the Masher tor Yorkshire, had
to be submitted to the lieges, an theemslag et the lath of artlo
There is a Naas al Lens* Led et the sum some who les k in
his power to goody the pod& in SS poodeds1 nil we on eel dot
he lass seems* myths big to memo this them if it sop
W the Wed le !ism dLode; but el Neon k wield le se =it
East it
whentrbed. riateassfresat
ices sari
Mew
of
tolety of mas
peruse h y I
Pees.it we me pameitmi to mss *pen the motives of mesh
epos the pied et task having sew personal advantage &pet",
•Psia die MEM quoin, what IS IMMINS aggregate or amps wow

mercenary motives in favour of the Revolution, is to be found among
:he petty householders, to whom the elective franchise is to be extended !
This class of voters are found by experience, wherever they exist, to be
peculiarly accessible to bribery ; and can it be doubted that the prospect
of being placed in a situation to have the offer of periodical bribes is
capable of operating as a corrupt mercenary motive in the breast of
any man, to whom bribes would be acceptable ? Then there is
the whole race of mob orators, in sue and in posse, who arc to acquire
—or may at least fairly hope to uire--the power of disposing of
most of the elections throughout Ragland, where the 101. renters do not
positively and directly sell themselves. Have this active body no sel-
fish, corrupt, mercenary motive, leading them to promote the revolu-
tionary bill by all the clamour they can either make or excite? This is
A mere glance at the subject ; but it Os more than sufficient to shew,
that if there be selfish and sordid motives at work, among some of the
opponents of the Revolution, this unworthy class of motives are at work
also. and still more extensively and effectually, among its most zealous
,nd determined supporters.

THEIR MAJESTIES.
WINDSOR, Arm 7.

His MAJESTY took his usual airing yesterday morning in
his pony phaeton, accompanied by Colonel Fox, and in the
afternoon his MAJESTY again went out with his Royal Sis-
ters in an open carriage and four with outriders. The QUEEN,
Attended by her visitors and suite, rode on horseback as far
as Virginia Water, and returned to the castle at six o'clock.
In the evening their MAJESTIES entertained a distinguished
party at dinner, among whom were Earl SEFTON, Earl
GREY, and Earl HOWE. The former returned to Stoke
Farm last night ; but the two latter remained at the Castle
till this morning, when they left for town.
This day at one o'clock his MAJESTY left the Castle in
his travelling chariot-and four, with outriders, and 'pro-
ceeded to Littleton, near Laleham, the seat of Col. WooD,
,‘ here a splendid dejewa bad been prepared in honor of his
NIAJ rsTY's visit, and at which it was expected upwards of
one hundred of the Nobility and Gentry would be present.
Prince GEORGE of CAMBRIDGE followed his MAJESTY
in a phaeton, accompanied by his tutor, the Rev. Mr.
WOOD. The QUEEN left the Castle at three o'clock on
horseback, attended by Sir A. BARNARD, Col. Fox, Sir A.
D'EsTE, and her Ladies in Waiting, and continued her ride
for upwards of two hours.

THE WiiYMOUTII CASE.
TO THE EDITOR.

Sir,—The letters addressed to you by Lords Goderich and Grantham,
and Colonel Gordon, in consequence of your previous statement In re-
gard to the recent elections at Weymouth, appear to call upon me to
add to their contradiction my denial of such of the allegations as affect
me. In the first plate, all my expenses of all my elections at Way.
mouth were paid by myself; and therefore the statement that they
were paid, or repaid by Colonel Gordon, or his agent, or any other
person, is altogether false. Secondly, The proposal said to have
been made to me, that I should be returned free from expense,
that I should join with Lords Goderich and Grantham In procur-
ing a peerage for Colonel Gordon, and that Colonel Gordon should
sell two of the seats, and to which my letter of the 22d of May Is said to
be an answer, was never communicated to me. I never saw or heard of
it until it was pointed out to me in the printed summons in the suit be-
tween Col. Gordon and Mr. Fraser, and my letter of the 22d of May is
an answer to a very different letter, of which I have the original, and in
which not any such propositions are contained. The whole of this state-
ment, therefore, is false. :idly, So far from its being true, as it is stated,
that I was generally retained by Col. Gordon in the Chancery proceed-
ings, the fact is, that I thought it right to refuse to receive the retainers
which both Col. Gordon and his opponents actually tendered to me.
I am, Sir, your obedient Servant,
Guildford Street, April:. EDWARD B. SUGDEN.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
Mans Agana') Tan Day—Dublin, 1 ; Waterford, 1 ; Holland, 1 ;
France, 1 ; Jamaica, I.
non 01211 CORIMIPOWDIXT.

FAL MOD H' APRIL the port yesterday (Wind
W.N.W.), the Comet, Ormston, from Madeira, in 23 days, for Lon-
don—landed passengers, and proceeded.
Today (1 ind S. to W.), arrived H.M. Packet Emulous, Lieut.
Crooke, from Barbadoes—salled Jan. 9, Carthagena Feb. 1, Jamaica
22, and Crooked Island March 3, with mails t 31arch 3, two leagues
from Crooked Island, spoke the Bark, John Peak, of and from Lon.
don, out 15 days, all well, bound to St. Anne's, Jamaica. The passen-
gers per Emulous, from Jamaica, were, General Sir John Kean, Major
M'Donald, wide-de.camp, William Smith, Esq. merchant, Capt. OA
R.N. P. Ans-aitigue, Esti. merchant, and A. Grundier, Esq. a French
Genera/. 180,000 dollars have been landed here to-day dom the packet.
brought home on merchants' account. Also arrived, the Highland
Lad, Betts, from Aguilar for London, 22 days passage.
Passed the port, the Royal Charlotte, Dudman, from Singapore, for
London • the Sophia, Butcher, from Gallipoly, in 53 days, for Liver-
pool ; the Brittania, Metherell, from Genoa, in 36 days, for Bristol;
and the San Francisco•Gororda, from Taragona, in 37 days, for Jersey.
Sailed, the Thames, steamer Donnan, for Dublin; and theship Jas.
Richards, for Quebec.

DIAL, APRIL 7 —Wind S.B.—Sailed this morning the outward-
bound, except the Sarah, for Bombay. Arrived and sailed for the
River, the Edinburgh, from China. A detachment of royal marines
embarked this morning in his Majesty's ship Talavera. in the Downs.
which ship is ordered to be victualled for three months, and to be ready
tot a cruise.

POSTS-MOUTH, APISH. I.—Wind S.B.—Sailed the Lord Wm. Ben-
tinck transport. for Bermuda.
PENZANCE, Aram 6.—Arrived the Velocity, Baker, from Oporto,
and George Bernstorp, Nielson, from Noma.
HOLTHIAD, Aram 6.—. Arrived off the port, the Napoleon, .---,
from New York.

Bassrot., APRIL 7.—Arrived the Gregorio, —, from Seville.
Livsarom., Aram 6.—Arrived the Meta, Arthur, from Lagar' ;
Margaret, Craig, from Smyrna; and Perseve: 'nee. front Marseilles.
The Rosina, Pritchard., from Galway, bound to London, was
obliged to discharge her cargo at Beerhaven.
The Robert Russell, Turner, from Savannah, grounded in the King's
Dock Basin, Liverpool, on Wednesday, and fell over.
THE DUKE OF GLOUCESTER.
His Royal Highness has been indisposed and confined to
his room for some days past. The Duke experienced the
first attack on the night of Wednesday se'nnight. Sir Henry
Halford was sent for at an early hour the following morn-
ing, and immediately attended upon his Royal Highness.
Sir Henry pronounced the indisposition to have arisen from
a severe cold, which was accompanied with fever. The
Royal Duke has been kept very quiet, and latterly has
been recovering from the attack. The following favourable
bulletin was issued yesterday :

" Aram 7.
" His Royal Highness the Duke of GLOUCESTER is going on very
aelL " HENRY HALFORD.'
The Duchess of GLOUCESTER has received visiti from the
Dukes of CUMBERLAND and Suestx. Their MAJESTIES
and the other members of the Royal Family have constantly
sent to make their affectionate inquiries after his Royal
Highness. Great numbers of the Nobility and Gentry have
called daily to learn the state of the Royal Duke, and have
left their names.

COLCHESTER ELECTION.
Committee-Room, Swan Tavern, Whitechapel, April 7, 1831.
Final close of the poll of the Election just ended.
Mayhew
Curtis

Majority for Mayhew .. 116
The Neapolitan and Brazilian Ministers transacted business
yesterday at the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs.

Despatches were sent off last evening from the Colonial
Office, for the Earl of Belmore, the Governor of Jamaica, and
the other Governors of the West India Islands.
Despatches were yesterday received at the Foreign Office,
from our Minister at Berlin.

Lord Normanby left town abruptly on his arrival from
Italy, in consequence of the dangerous state of health of his
noble father, the Earl of Mulgrave.
We hear from a creditable source, that a few days since
the King of the French sent the Prince Royal to General
Lafayette, wishing to have an interview with him, but the
old General refused compliance with his Majesty's request,
stating that the glorious days of the revolution of July had
been tarnished by the present ministry, and until a more
toourable change took place, he could not have the honour
to present himself to his Majesty.

THE 11EV. G. W. BRIDGES, OF JAMAICA, AND HIS
SLAVE, KITTY HYLTON.

Although ardent enemies to slavery, or that one human
being should ever be subjected to the capricious volition of
another human being, we have always been ready to ac-
knowledge that no question is more complicated, than to
determine by what method a change, from a right to a wrong
course, on this subject, can be accomplished, without the
production of other evils of a distinct character, but not less
desirable to avoid. The gradual improvement of the slave
population, and gradual conversion of slaves into labouring
' freemen, was the process which it might have been hoped
would go on in the West India Colonies; and thus, legisla-
tive enactments, for the sudden emancipation of the slaves,
would have been unnecessary, and, indeed, superseded by
a voluntary manumission. But all that has been done, ap-
pears ineffectual, to make the British Colonists see their
own interests, or listen to the common interests of huma-
nity. We have always been advocates for the West India
Proprietors receiving some compensation, for the losses
which they may sustain, in the abolition of their
usurped authority, because the nation is committed,
by sanctioning its validity; but the time has come,
when the nation has perceived its own shame ; and the
abuses of slavery cannot last much longer. The West
India colonists, if they expect fair attention to their claims,
should show themselves jealous to prevent the abuse of power
while it exists ; for so long as such barbarities as that to
which we have now to call the attention of our readers oc-
cur,—and so long as instead of the brutal culprits being
scouted from the society they degrade, and actively pursued
to punishment, they are protected and allowed to escape, it
is impossible that the humane people of this country, unin-
ured to the barbarities of such a system, can remain silent;
or that they will coolly allow the profit of a hogshead of su-
gar, to be considered as an equivalent for the perpetuation of
injustice. We would recommend no sudden emancipation ;
and we would equitably consider the claims of the slave pro-
prietor upon the Slavery permitting Nation ; but the slave
proprietor should now change his course—the nation pa-
tronizes slavery no longer; nor will they suffer, coke qui
cote, such brutalities as we have now to relate. The letter
which we extract from the Anti-Slavery Reporter is infi-
nitely to the credit of Lord Goderich ; but not more so than
we ought to expect from that estimable Nobleman. The
official statement of the cruelties perpetrated by Mr. Bridges
on the person of the wretched female, was laid, a few days
ago, on the table of the House of Commons. We are happy
to be able to add the humane and enlightened judgment of
Viscount Goderich on this infamous transaction, as it i
contained in his despatch to Earl Belmore, of the 18th
February, 1831.

" I have received your Lordship's despatch of the Ist of December,
1830, enclosing a copy of the proceeedings before the Council of Pro.
section, in the complaints of Kitty Hylton against the Rev. Mr. Bridges.

"Your L3rdship was instructed to obtain this information, in my
predecessor's despatch of the 23d October, 1829, and the instruction wu
repeated on the 23d 16th August, 1830-
" Obviously desirable as it was that this deputment should be
in full possession of all the documents bearing upon this case, 1
cannot but express my regret that your Lord,hip should have allowed
more than twelve months to intervene before you tronsmitted the copy of
the proceedings before the Council of Protection.
" I have perused this record with feelings of the deepest concern.—
For a trifling mistake in the execution of her master's orders, this fe-
male slave appears to have been first violently struck and kicked by
her master, and then, by his directions., flogged whit such severity as
to have excited the commiseration of every person who bore witness to
her appearance after the punishment.

" Thomas itaffington, Esq. was sworn, and deposed--That Kitty
Hylton came to witness on Sunday morning, the 4th, a.m. A ser-
vant came in, and told witness a sick woman wanted to see him; saw
her and her situation; never saw a female in such a situation: had
seen the woman before, but did not know her name. Witness did not
examine her particularly, but she was terribly lacerated, and never saw
a woman so ill treated.'

" Dr. Stennett, who was sworn, states,—That the woman had two
black eyes when sent to the workhouse, and that he examined her and
saw severe marks of punishment ; but he says, if she had had'thirty
nine, sbe would not have been healed so soon.' "

" Mr. F. Harker, sworn ; states,—That be saw the woman in the
morning of Wednesday t 6 bad heard a report of a woman being "c-
-urtly flogged; examined her; her eyes were black, u if she had re-
ceived a severe blow ; her posteriors were very much cut up; on the
inner part of her thigh on each there were several black marks.'

" The Hon. Henry Cox, sworn; states,—That Kitty Hylton came
to him to complain against her master, Mr. Bridges. She was very
mucb injured; saw her bruises, evidently switching, from the nape of
the neck to her posteriors; her face and thighs dreadfully bruised ; has
never seen any thing so severe of the kind."
" It is further stated, and is corroborated by the evidence of Miss
Moreland, that Mr. Bridges struck or kicked the slave after she had
been flogged, as well as before, and that be caused her to burn the
clothes which had been stained with her blood. The only part of this
evidence which is in any degree impugned, is that of Dr. Stennett and
Mr. Harker, to the fact of her buying black eyes ; and all that ap-
pears to the contrary is the evidence of apparently a servant,
or at all events an inmate of Mr. Bridges house, who says that he did
not perceive masks of violence upon her face.

" When Mr. Bridges was called upon for his defence, all that ap-
pears upon the record is, that he admitted that he had ordered the
woman to be switched for her insolence, but denies that he went down
from his house ; on the contrary, he had sent her down to be switched
by the watchman.

" The result of these proceedings was, that 'on its being put to the
vote whether Mr. Bridges bhould be prosecuted or not, it was carried
by a majority of 13 to 4 against As prosecution.' And when a bill
of' Indictment was nevertheless preferred against Mr. Bridges, by the
Attorney .oeneral, under the directions of the Secretary of State, it was
thrown out by I& Grand Jury.

It would be with extreme reluctance that I could be induced to
doubt that the gentlemen who composed the Grand Jury upon this oc.
caslon, performed their ditty conscientiously, according to the terms of
the oath which they had taken; but I have the opinion of the Attorney.
General for Jamaica before me, who reported, that having maturely
considered the evidence which had been offered to the magistrates and
vestry, he could feel no hesitation in declaring that the Grand Jury have
committed an error of judgment, which, for every consideration of what
is due to the ends of public justice, to their own good repute, and to the
credit of the Colonial Society, is deeply to be deplored.
" Were I to assume the judgment of the Grand Jury to be correct,
it would follow that the Laws of Jamaica afford to the Slave no protec-
tion from such sufferings as those which are shown, by evidence upon
oath, to have been undergone by the Slave Kitty Hylton.
" With respect to the offender, in this case, your Lordship will
readily conceive how much the regret, which I should feel at such con-
duct on the part of any penal falling a respectable station in society, is
aggravated by the circumstance of that person being a Minister of the
Gospel.

" Unmanly and disgraceful as the conduct of Mr. Bridges would
have been, even had it proceeded no further than the blows inflicted by
his own hand, I should have been willing to seek some apology for it
in a momentary ebullition of anger, however apparently unprovoked,
and however unbecoming the sacred character of his profession. But,
for the repeated and persevering cruelty of his subsequent conduct, I
can find no extenuation ; and I can only lament that the ends of jus-
tice have been defeated, and that the crime of Mr. Bridges must be left
unpunished.

-, If Mr. Bridges be a magistrate, your lordship will lose no time, if
it be not already done, in erasing his name from the Commission of the
Peace."

We do not know whether the Ecclesiastical Law, among
its many absurdities, is so absurd as not to enable the
Bishops, or high Church Authorities, to strip the surplice
from such a brute as is here exhibited ; but if such a power
exist, we hope it will be executed. It is a pity the Rev.
Gentleman should be longer prevented from becoming a
manufacturer of " White Veal," as described in the STAR
some days ago, or some such congenial profession.

During the play of Pizarro, at Drury-lane Theatre, on
Monday evening, a youth in the gallery, deeply interested
in the escape of Alonzo from the prison, exclaimed " why
don't you put on the cloak and be off ?" This was evidently
the involuntary effect of intense anxiety, produced by the
excellent acting of Wallack in the part of Rolla.
