RZGENCT BILL.

Lnrd LYNDHURST gave notice that he should move the second
reading of theßegency bill to-morrow ; and moved that the lord% be sum-
moned. ems.

The noble and learned lord then said, be gave the above notice upon
the assumption that there would be no opposition to the bill.
Earl GREY said he had no opposition to give. The object of th•
bill had been so admirably stated to the house by the noble and learned
lord, that he approval entirely of the principle. As he had hi•nseif
advocated the same principle upon a former occasion he could have
no objection. With respect to the details of the measure, the proper
time for amendment, if any were necessary, would be in the Cum.
mittee.
The Lords then Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Nov. 25.
At three o'clock the house met, and ballotted for three committal
M try the election petitions for Dartmouth, Caine, and Marlborough.
The members of the committee on the Dartmouth petition were sworn
before the gallery was opened for the admission of strangers.
Mr. POWELL presented six petitions from Carmarthenshire against
Colonial Slavery.
Mr. ADEAN presented five similar petitions from Cambridgeshire.
Col. ABERCROMBIE presented a similar petition from Ala.
Mr. PANE presented a similar petition from Newnham, Oxfordshire.
Mr. SCHONSWAR presented six similar petitions from Hull.
Mr. LYSTBR presented a similar petition from Poole.
Mr. GUEST presented a similar petition from Honitco.
Me. MACNAIIIARA presented a petition from Ennis, Ireland, fur
ths repeal of the Union.
Mr. TY RRELL presented two petitions from Suffolk for the Al:Wi-
den of Slavery in the Colonies.
The Alerobers of the Caine Election Commutes came to the table,
and were sworn es follows
Sir Charles Ode
Mr. C. W. Wynn
Sir Richard Phillips
Gen. Oascoyne
Mr. J. Dalrymple
Mr. C J. Oreville
The Members of the Malboroujit Election Committee were sworn
am 11141 ins : --
Hon. A. H. Cole
Sir Robert Pal
Sir John Wrottealey
Mr. B. L. Lester
Dlr. D. 8 Dugdale
Mr. W. Peel
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from the Rev. Thos. Smith,
a Clergyman of the Established Church, without prefament, resident in
London. complaining of moose the abuses of the Established Church.
The petition stated facts so important to be known to the his. ussob •rs
of that house and the country, that he should move that it be read at
length.
The petition was accordingly read by the Clerk as follows:

Sir M. S. Stewart
Mr. B. Franklin
Vimeount Corry
Sir P. C. Sydney
Sir R. Heron

Lord Killeen
Mr. G. R. Robinson
Mr. H. Corry
81r 11. W. Ridley
Earl of Ruston

•
" To the Honourable the House of Commons.
" The humble Petition of the Rev. Thomas Smith et' t 1 • City
of London .
" Most respectfully sheweth—
" That your Petitioner is a loyal subject of his Majmty, and a Clergy.
man of the Church of Ragland ; that he has been in Holy Orders seven.
teen years, but has never obtained any preferment in the Church.
" That your Petitioner has been informed that the Rev. Dr. PAIL
ports, the Bishop of Exeter, is to retain his other valuable prekim •nts
in the same way as the late Bishop of Chester retained the valuable live
ing of St. Rotolph, Bishopsgate.

'• That your petitioner is infanm d that a considerable numbs: of
clergymen hold mute than one living ; that some of dim hi I i eight or
ten livings.

" That your petitioner knows that many pluralists are nonaesidest,
and that some of them do not visit some of their livings este le
seven yeah.

" That your petitionr hat found from eximination that the valuable
livings are held by pluralists, and ten of them by Bishops.
" That your petitioner believes that Bishops are selected by \lutist •►s,
not on account of their piety and fitness lot such important 'filo, but
solely on account amine private interest with his Majesty'', Minister.,
an in the case of Dr. Phdlpotts and many other..
" That your petitioner knows that moray noblemen and gentlemen and
others sell their livings in the same way as tfu•y diupere of their estate .
That your petitioner knows (and could name and exhibit roof if re.
tinned) some Bishops who are very ignorant, us tar as 'cords a bow.
ledge of the Scripture' in their native beauty, and aLo in Thvology, and
who ought to be instructed in ' the first principles of the oracles of
lion: —Hebrews, v. 12.

" That your Petitioner is informed that some Bishops receive about
sixty thousuind pounds per annum, while one of his equals in oflice, rte.
has only about two thousand.
" That your Petitioner knows that Many Clervps n have prefer.
ments which bring them an income of from Otte to ten thousand
pounds per annum. while many worthy Curates have not more than
thiry pounds per annum.
" That your petitioner knows many worthy Clergymen who have not
any tmploy, which he believes will continue to be the cam, as long as
Clergymen are allowed to hold livings which they cannot stave In pet.
son ; but get the duty done by who. hi many eases. p. 'form
service four or five times in onCekifyil,wialid who travel thirty or forty
milts to accomplish such service.

" That the 10.333 Lowborn are held by about 4.000 Unionise.
many of whom are Dots-resident. consequently. the greatest pukes of
the duly is petflou etl by 4,264 Curate. ail 1,672 of these leaned
gentlemen ea so acreage r_ceive only 401:per assuip.

" That your petitioner humbly owe v s that sea gleans alm4M
must naturally tend to bring religion kites sossomps, and be the muse of
diamonds a lays! subjects embracing every ihwenroble opportunity se
leaving the established religion of the country.
" Your petitioner humbly rays that year lionsuroble Hasse will
muse an inquiry to be made into all saws now dodos in Es
Climb. which an sheltered eitber by law or enema sod aims midi
means to promote the angles of is/ refemmrs se may in yaw wisima it •
mem most calculated to @newer dm end stallia,L e. the egg el
Ilon. and she mere and berrarmy stall Ids M 's loyal stobjeMi
and your petitioner, es he is in duty bona 1, eves pay, ke.
" MONAD samm.
" No. 101, Fenchnrcliatreet, City of Imaden,
Nom. 17,1110.

Is

•
,

,i
.7,

1.•
1
•
w i
'L. i

;.fit

.„

• t,

1
,t

I

ir

l ~:
~,

NEGRO SLAVERY.

IR NM lINION.

fs
.1, ;4
1'

seetAttoocii bequests to Catholics. and the , )jest
extend that see trity to English Catholics. There was no statute at
present in force in England that had that effect ; and it was declared
that the Court of Chancery could not extend protection to Catholic cha-
rities. The Relief Bill hid changed the spirit of the law, and Catholic
liberty was no longer a toleration but a right. Persons who assumed
trusts in Catholic charities in England, were in peril of having bills
filed against them by the next of kin. He only proposed to put the
Catholic charities on the same footing as those of Protestant Dissenters.
fits object at present was to obtain leave to bring in the bill, to intro-
duce it the next day the house sat, and have it printed, and then allow
it to lie over till ministers were in the house.—Leave given.

Lord HOWICK moved for leave to render valid Acta done by any
of the Governors of his Majesty's plantations, since the demise of his
late klajesty.—Leave given.
Mr. WILKES moved for returns of the mone7 received as church
rates, and church-yard rates, or fees, in all the potshot in England and
Wales, foe the last year.
Sir H. INGLIS said, the return would require great labour. and the
church-yard rates or fees had no relation to the church-rates. He hoped
the hon. gent. would state what special purpose he proposed to efect
by calling for such a return.
Mr. WILKES said it was the practise in many parishes to apply the
church-yard fees to the repairs of churches, and in that case it was
impossible to know the expense of the church establishment without the
return he had moved for. -

Sir C. WRTIIRKELL was doubtful whether such returns could he
made.
Mr. HUMR said, if accounts were kept in the parishes, there could
be no difficulty; and if no accounts were kept. it was the more neces-
sary that mums should be called for to compel the keeping accounts.
Mr. O. LAMB said, the trouble of making the returns would be ex-
cessive. A similar motion was agreed to in another place some time
ago, and about 14.000 letters were in consequence written, to the greater
part of which no satisfactory returns had been received.
Mr. WARBUR'fON thought it was necessary that all public offi-
c•rs should be made known, that they might be required to account. If
no account were now kept, it would be a proper hint to churchwardens,
that they might be called on to render an account. The expense of
14.000 letters was nothing to the saving that would be effected.
Mr. OOULBURN said, the parish accounts were Investigated by
the persons who paid the rates. and knew the wants of the parish. He
thought the house should not take upon themselves parish business. He
should oppose the motion.
- - - - -

31r. J. WOOD said, the town he represented contained 90,000 lobs.
bitanta. The rates were all levied, not by the people, but by 24 self.
elected individuals; and the people had neither the means of knowing
the amount, nor the expenditure. He believed it was common to levy
money in parishes illegally.
Sir R. PREL said, he understood the main objection to the motion
was the expense. If the hon. gentleman would move for the accounts
in which he was immediately interested, be (Sir R. Peel) would not ob.
ject ; but he thought it would be better to withdraw the motion for the
present, and in a few days the Secretary of State might be able to aseer.
tain the probable expense, and the effect of agreeing to the motion.
Mr. LEADER said, similar items had for years been made for the
parishes in Ireland, and he could not see why the gentlemen of England
should be satisfied with less information. (Hear.) In times like the
present, the people should see that there was a scrutinizing eye in that
house investigating all their hurdles*, and correcting all abuses.
%Ir. S. RICE said, a general return would only confuse, let part!.
cular returns be called for wherever abuse existed, then a benefit would
be produced. Ile had not the slightest objection to the information
sought, but wished it to be made in the most effectual manner, which
was to move for returns where abuse was supposed to exist.

Mr. WILKES said, he thought an expenditure of 700,0001. or,
800,0001. a year, which was the amount of the Church-rate, required
investigations but in deference to the house he should withdraw his mo-
tion fot the present.
Mr. S. RICE brought in a bill to apply certain sums of money out
of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the present year.—Read a
lien time, and ordered to be read a second time on Tuesday.
Lord HOWICK brought in a bill to render valid sets dons by Ho.
vernort abroad since the demise of his late Majesty..—Read a Brit time,
and ordered to be read a second time on Tuesday.
Mr. S. RlCENnoved, that the house at its rising do adjourn to Tues.
day. lie hoped there would be no objection un that day to agree to
motions of course.—(Hear.)
Sir 0. CLERK said he wished to mention that a petition had this
evening been put into his hands by one of the patties to the Qucenbo.
rough election petition, praying that the appointment of the committee
might be postponed to the 2d of December. The reason of this prayer
was, that last night one of the parties gave notice to the other for the
fit-At time, that he should object to all the out-voters. This made it
necessary to have a longer time to produce evidence for the support of
those votes. He hoped. when he should present the petition of which
he now gave notice, on Tuesday next, the house would have no objec-
tion to dedide on it. _

Mr. W. WYNN said it would be impossible to agree to the prayer
of the petition.
Sir M. W. RTDLEY thought that as the cue wu peculiar, there
being a double return, the prayer of the petition might be agreed to.
The motion of adjournment to Tuesday was agreed to.
Mr. CA LVERT presented three petitions from Hens, for the aboli-
tion of slavery.
Mr. KEMP presented a similar petition from Lewes.
Mr. WARBURTON presented a similar petition from the Unitari.
ant of Bridport.
Lord W. PAWLETT presented three similar petitions from places
in Durham.

Mr. HU 51E pre.ented two similar petitions from Arbroath and HAM.
mersinith.

Petitions for the abolition of tvolor,ial slavery were presented by Mr.
Severn, from a parish in Monmouth ; by Mr. Stanley, from Bolton ;
by Sir William Jolliffe, from Petersfield ; by Mr. Burney, from Hor-
sham ; by Sir James Stewart, from Suffolk ; by Mr. John Wood, from
Chorley ; and from a vast number of other places, by different hon.
members.

The Hon. Mr. BOYLE presented a petition from the Slayer and
Corporation of the City of Cork against the repeal of the Legislative
Ilition between England and Ireland.— Laid on the table.
Sir WATKIN W. WYNNE presented a petition from IVrexham
against the truck system.

EX12111,0F: or PIINTIPO.
• Gen. 0 ASCOIN R objected to the unnecessary expense incurred by
hon. members moving for so many petitions on one subject to be
printed. After a short conversation, it was agreed to without a divialon
'that only fuclt petitions as were on particular subjects should be moved
to be printed.
31r. DAWES gave notice of leave to bring in a bill on Thursday
next, to extend the 19th and 20th Om. 3, relating to the Established
Church.

..ttorney.
and congratulated by the Bar, many of whom shook hands with him
on his new appointment.
THE LINO V. PATTENIIIAITeII COMPAIIT OF LONDON.
This was an argument on a rule foe a mandamus, calling am ebb
leompany to meet on the 25th of March next, to elect a Master so of
the Wardens of the Company.
The AFTOONEY-GENERAL and Mr. FOLLETT showed attar
against the rule, on the ground that there was at present a *IS 91
the exercise of his office, and there was not suMcient ground lald bs
the Court to presume that the Company would not proceed in use=
lar way at the next election. On the contrary, the fair preen
was, that, as public officers, they would art legally ; if they acted
otherwise, there would be a proper remedy by quo warrant° against
them.
ilr. CtIaWOOD stud that there had been no regular election for 91
years, and the Company had refused last year to comply with a demand
made upon them to hold the meeting as appointed by charter.
The Cotrwr could not presume that the Company would refuse
to act legally at the ensuing election. If they did so, and an illegal
appointment was to take plate, then the course for the present appli-
cants would he to move fora quo warrant°, calling upon the Master so
elected to chew by what authority he acted in the capacity of Master.--
Rule refused.

IMO V. HOLMAN.
The defendant in this case was brought up to receive the sentence of
the Court under a conviction for libel, which conviction took place at
Nottingham two years ago, before Mr. Justice Holroyd. The libel,
or rather libels, consisted of private letters and a placard reflecting upon
a person of the name of Pashiey, who became a trustee to a person
named Booth.
The defendant put in several affidavits reflecting on the characters of
the prosecutor and other pettier.
The Court gave time until the nest term to answer these affidavits,
and in the meantime the defendant was ordered to find bail for his ap-
pearance, himself in 1001 and two securities in SOL each.

MANDAMUS.
Mr. Hgtnzw, at the rising of the Court, moved for a writ of 31an.
damn, to Sir Richard Birnie, lEnt. commanding the worthy magistrate
to hear a charge of breach of the peace. The Learned Counsel applied
in behalf of Wm. Carmichael Smith, of Furnivara.inn, whose affidavit
stated that he recently went before Sir R. Birnk, for the purpose of
proving that his wife, and others, had committed a breach of the peaa.
by forcibly breaking into his house in North Crescent, and that Sir R.
Birnie, who was one of the magistrates at Bow.strest office, refused to
take cognisance of the charge, notwithstanding the Act sth Richard 11.
gave him authority to ezamine witnesses. The Learned Counsel read
the affidavit of the person in the house, who stated that Mrs. Smith and
five others came on the 18th Inst. to the doors Alm Smith got over the
palisade, and broke a pane of glass ; one of the men followed, opened
the sash, entered the house, and opened the door.
Lord TILISTEIDEN—Does your affidavit state what Sir R. Birnie
said when he refused to take cognisance ?—Na
Q. What does it say on the subject ?—lt said Sir Richard Birnie
refused to take cognisance.
Q. It does not state that you applied for a summons, or war.
rant ?—No. _ _

____
Lord Txturznozw.—You must state what his objection was.
Amend your affidavit, and you may make another application.
Mr. Heiden undertook to amend the Adult, as directed by the
Court.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, Nov. 24.
CRUM CON.

A more particular account of this case was in type for our publi.
cation of yesterday ; but on account of other important matter, we were
obliged to postpone It, and now present it in an abridged form.

NAST Zall V. 11.111111111 LL.
Mr. Sergeant WILD,: rose to show cause why a new trial should not
be granted in this case. The action had been brought by the plaintiff
against the defendant. who was his brother-In-law, for criminal convey.
satiott with his wife. On the trial no one had appeared for the defen.
dant, and a verdict had been given for the plaintiff—damages 3,0001.
The defendant now wished the verdict to be set aside, on the ground of
his having been precluded by the plaintiff's conduct from a fair oppor.
tunity of defending himselL He stated, that on his arrival in Lon-
don, in June, to consult with his attorney about the defence, the plain.
tiff tail placed men at the door of his hotel, and had remained In wait.
ing to assassinate bim ; that he (Barnwell) being thus kept a pri.
saner, and considering his life in danger, had been obliged to send for
two police officers to remain with him; and, to avoid worse conse-
quences, had, under their protection, embarked in a steam-boat for
Valais, about a week after his arrival, without having been once able
to see his attorney.
The Con UT here interrupted the learned Zert (who was to have
Sergeant followed by Mr. Sergeant Spankle„) and ema..
Mr. Serjeent ZRZWITIIIIII4 in rapt who oentemilei that the perm.
vexing system of violence and in pensmal by dm4aintier was
calculated to render him unable to have shot aminali with his
anomie. in the more advanced elope et the ems, but which they
could have derived sufficient inatroodtow to Mod It with diet. All
that the defendant now sought was, to be let boo et iota, to
offer such explanation of his conduct as Mike, 1.1 opinion eta jury,
tend to palliate it. At present the jury bed added on an es pork
statement, and had even given greater damages than were laid in the
declaration.

The Loan Caner Joshes.—Would the defendant bring the
amount of the verdict into Court, and consent to the declaration being
amended by increasing the damages to 6,0001?
Mr. flerjeant Alienzwxwniti would propose even that to his client,
and state his answer to the proposition in the martin (" Ne, no,"
from the Court, and Mr. &Omni Wilde.) The det had been
willing to come to any fair and reasonable terms ; he bad offered to pay
1,0001. damages, and give security for breaking off all connexion with
the plaintiff's wife. That had been refused. He would now consent to
the damages being assessed by any gentleman out of Court.
Mr. Serjeant WILD* was aurpr4ed at such a proposition, when his
learned friend knew what its effect would be with reference to an %the-
rior proceeding (in the House of Lords.)
Mr. &dant Illzazwargsa thought It would be very hard to shot
the defendant out from being heard, after the long course of violence he
had endured at the hands of the plaintiff.
kir. &twit Wit.Dx.—The defendant does well to talk of vio-
lence, after having shaken the plaintiff by the whisker in the public
street.

Mr. Sajeant Maar
defendant with a stick.

•Yes, deer the *hula had struck the

Mr. Justice PAIR thought it by no mesas surprising that the plain.
tiff should have given way to feelings of great irritation.
Mr. Sergeant Wuxi said that the imprisonment of the defendant
at Brussels had not taken place until after the cause here had been
tried.

Mr. Sergeant MCILIEWXYACII said that the defendant was in Bras.
eels at the time of the trial, in consequence of the plaintiff's violence
having driven him there. The learned sergeant, after further observa-
tions. concluded by praying that the defendant might be allowed
to come in and defend the action upon payment of costs, or any other
terms which the Court might think proper to suggest.
The Copal were of opinion that no grounds had been laid for dis.
turbing the verdict. On the defendant's own showing he had had
plenty of time to instruct his attorney. He was discovered by the plain.
tiff's attorney on the point of embarking with th; plaintiff's wife for
Demerara. He then stated that he would not defend the action. He
was afterwards for 12 or 14 weeks in prison, with abundant opportunity
of instructing his attornies • but he neglected to do so until the eve of
trial. When he was at the hotel, he might have procured protection
from a magistrate ; or, at all events, he might have sent one of the
waiters for his attorney. Although it would have been better that the
plaintiff had pursued a different course, still it was not to be wondered
at that he should have laboured under great irritation of mind at seeing
the mother of his children debauched by his own brother-in.law. Still,
however, the defendant might, if necessary, have had the protection of
the law. It was to be hoped, amidst all the annoyances he had suf. '
feted, that his mind had been disturbed from another cause. Under all
the circumstances, the Court had no hesitation in ordering the rule for
a new trial to be discharged.
LIBEL.
MANNING V. CLEMENT,
111 this 12,11 e, which was tried last week before Mr. Justice Pear,
and was an action against Mr. Clement for publishing an article in his
paper (Bell's Life in London) very prejudicial to the plaintiff's bust-
nen, the short frets of the case were these :—ln a number of Beli's
Life in London, a few months since, an article appeared charging the
plaintiff with mixing injurious drugs, or manufacturing certain bitters,
called imperial purl bitters, and with carrying on an unlawful trade.—
A verdict was found for the defendant.

Mr. Manning this morning applied to the Court in person for a rule
to Mew cause why a new trial should not be vented, on the ground
that the Learned Counsel had omitted to nil witnesses who were
in attendance in the Court at the last trial, whose evidence he eon.
sidered was essential to his obtaining justice. He stated there were
other grounds, but the Court interfered, and informed him that there
was certain points deserving consideration, and therefore they should
grant him a rule to Mew cause.—Rule nisi granted.

The Guildhall was not oppesned yesterday to the public,
the Royal Entertainment having come to a detaminatio;
not to grant any more admissions for a few dams, in the exportation of
a most gracious message from his Majesty. Should hiediallitea
lay his intention to visit his faithful subjects in theiL
doors will not be opened to the public until the entertainment shall
have concluded, and immediately alter wbidt the doors will be thrown
open, and a much more magnificent exitibbine will take plass than is
to be Nen under present circumstances. ahead then be a farther pest.
posement to a distant day, or should no cemmunieation be mode upon
the subject. delfts will be issued after a few dips so the public', the
Committee having resolved to do all they ewe to compenente their I
fellow-citisens for the bitterness of the disappointment sepal/need on
the Otb but.

... . .
. ...1 .....it
. .. '• , '
..c,
14,1 l' • -'N 1 •
r; .... .
•
Me.. OlifilINELI. moved for leave to bring in a bill in secure cba- COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Viltrruiserrrn, Nov. 26.
4i .
t 4 „ ' r
. ratable balsas, to Homan Catholic in England. In Ireland, the law Mr. DENMAN took his place in Court this morning, for the Brat
seetAttmels bequests to Catholics, and the object of the hill was to time, as Attorney-General• and was addressed as such by the Court, „
extend that itetaritj to English Catholics. There was no statute at and congratulated by the Bar, many of whom shook hands with him
present in force in England that had that effect ; and it was declared on his new appointment. desperate]
t that the Court of Chancery could not extend protection to Catholic cha• THE ZINO T• }ATTENDANTS'S COKFANT OF LONDON.
.4 + .. ii
titles. The Relief Bill had changed the spirit of the law, and Catholic This was an argument on a rule for a mandamus, calling upon this T 11,5 c?
oniirwTanTi
li
liberty was no longer a toleration but a right. Person■ who assumed company to meet on the 25th of March next, to elect a Master out of Gray 11 "
t L ' On Mom
trusts in Catholic charities in h:neland, were in peril of having bills the Wardens of the Company.
_s as_ e........... ..5........1 oarbse bed. tbe
