PUBLIC

Bank Stock, 231
India Stock, 207. Bds, par 1 dis
London Docks, .419 ios
St. Catherine's. 418 10s
City Gas, £l9O
B ,nk of So;land, £167
British Linen, 5150
Grand Junction, £z4s
Leeds, Z 395
Regent's. £lB 10.

DORSET ELECTION.

THE Friends of HENRY BANKES, Esq. are respect-
fully informed, that his Committee will be constantly sitting
during the election, at Mr. B Jacob's, in the High East Street, where
all communkations are requested to be addressed.
Dorchester, %lay 6, 1831.

DORSET ELECTION.

THE COMMITTEE for conducting the RE-ELECTION
of HENRY BA NH ES, Esq. SITS DAILY, at Morley's
Hotel, Cockspur-street, Charing Cross.
Coaches are provided to convey Electors in the interest of Mr.
Bankes to the Poll, upon application to the Committee, and they
will be glad to receive any communications from the Freeholders.
A. BARING, Chairman.
Morley's Hose', Cockapur.street, May 9, 1831.

AT a MEETING of FREEHOLDERS of the County
of DORSET, Resident in LONDON, in the Interest ofi
HENRY BANKES, Esq.
ALEXANDER BARING, Esq. In the Chair.
1

RESOLVED,
That, the Freeholders at this Meeting have read with surprise and
Indignation the account received from Dorchester, of the violence
directed against the Freeholders present at the Nomination to support
Mr. BANKES, on Friday, the Bth of May.
That it appears that persons on hotseback belonging principally to
Mr. Drax's Corps of Yeomanry attacked Mr. Banker's friends, who
wree attending on foot, and unprepared, in the presence of the High
Shetlff of the County.
That the High Sheriff was obliged to dissolve the meeting in conse-
quence of the tumult created impeding the performance of his duty, and
preventing any decision by show of hands on the Nomination.
That the Freeholders present pledge themselves to support Mr.
BANKES'S re-election for the County, and to go to the poll with all
!visible expedition, convinced that it is their first duty to repel intimi-
dation, to contradict misrepresentation, and to assert their own freedom,

and uphold the authority of the High Sheriff.
That the experience of Mr. Banta's conduct in Parliament proves
Mm the fittest person to assist, by temperate and firm counsel, the de-
cision of the Legislature on the momentous question of Reform.
That these Resolutions be signed by the Chairman, and published in
the daily papers. ALEXANDER BARING, Chairman.
Morley's Hotel, Cockspur-street, May 9, 1831.

TH E EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
TUESDAY, MAY 10.

The MIDDLESEX ELECTION took place at Brentford, this
day, upon which occasion the most enthusiastic reception
was given to those patriotic Representatives, Mr. H um&
and Mr. BENG. At ten o'clock, the High Sheriff arrived,
and almost immediately afterwards the Election com-
menced. Mr. Sergeant PELL proposed Mr. BENG, and Sir
JOHN SCOTT LILLY proposed Mr. HUME nominations
which were seconded by Mr. CALVEAT and Mr. YOUNG.
No opposition was either anticipated or offered. He would be
a sturdy boroughmonger indeed, who would dare venture on
such ground. After the meeting bad been addressed by the
candidates, and a few of the electors, the High Sheriff de-
dared NI r. Hu ME and Mr. BENG duly elected.

Ao.far as the important elections have proceeded, we have
had little to do, except to announce the triumph of the re-
form candidates. In all the English counties, and populous
English cities, or even unfettered or partially unfettered
'Towns, victory has never deserted the banner of Re-
form. Cambridge University, indeed, marked itself as
jealous of Reform ; and, perhaps, it was not to be expected
otherwise. The spiders that have so long spread their webs
over the beautiful Corinthian Capitals of the Temple of
Learning, could they see and reason like men, would
tremble at a new broom, in the hands of the
housemaid. The moles that have been burrowing in
the fields of literature, and destroying, at their roots, some
of its moat valuable and vigorous plants, to keep unmolested
their snug molehills of enjoyment, could they see and reason
like men, would tremble at a new spade in the hands of a
gardener. Until this day, however, we have had to announce
no election return, which surprises us ; but we confess
what has occurred in Buckinghamshire—one of the

Midland counties of England—not only surprises but
mortifies us, not a little. In this county, the freeholds,
we believe, are small ; and through a large portion of
the county, various species of dissent, in religious belief
from the Established Church, have prevailed for many
years. Without arguing for or against the cause of dissent,
the very origin of dissent must be admitted to be free ex-
amination ; and, therefore, here we should have expected,
that Reform would have met with a firm support. The
general understanding which prevails in the more reli-
gious part of the community, with respect to the abolition
of slavery, and the opponents to that cause, might
have been supposed not very favourable to the noble
Champion of the West India Planters—the Champion
of the whip and cowhage system of moral govern-
ment. We must, therefore, conclude, when we consider so
many reasons for believing the majority of Buckinghamshire
freeholders favourable to reform, that great mismanage-
ment
has occurred on the part of those who stood for-
ward on the occasion, in drawing forth the votes of the
population. We cannot believe that any real unfriendly
disposition to union could have been evinced by either of
the truly respectable Candidates; but we think it is beyond
all doubt, that inexpedient arrangements have, in some way
or another, occasioned the defeat.
in Northamptonshire, a neighbouring and almost simi-
larly charactered county, the banner of reform is triumph-
antly ou its sure course to victory, under the auspices of two,

w

probably of the most choice candidates that ever offerea
themselves conjointly, for popular representation.

In Devonshire no one has dared to throw down the
gauntlet to a Russaw.—and with his tried associate Lord
EBRINOTOIq he will represent this fine and wealthy peopled
county. _ _

Essex is strongly contested; but the result is already evi-
dent—WESTERN and WELLESLET must sit as the Members.

Sir RICHARD VYTTAR may for a few days be indulged
in Cornwall with a little display of his eloquence ; but there
can be little fear that the hardy descendants of the ancient
Britons will desert the cause of independence.
In Cumberland, an unexpected contest is going on be-
t * een Lord LOWTHER-a vanquished runaway from a
neighbouring county—and the able Sir JAMES GRAHAM ;
but the numbers of the poll leave us nothing to fear of the
ultimate success of the cause.

In Bedfordshire, and Somersetshire, the victory is already
gained ; and Huntingdonshire, we conceive, will be our next

as Mr. ROOPER still leads the poll.

While such is our history of England for the day,
we have likewise to notice a happy incident in the his-
tory of Ireland,—another great triumph in the present
contest, between the anti-reform and reforming parties.—
Advices are in town from Dublin, by which it appears that
at the close of the poll on Saturday evening, the LORD
MAYOR of that city, and Mr. PERKIN—twO unequi-
vocal reformers—had a majority over the anti-reform
candidates, of one hundred and forty two ; and no
doubt was entertained of their ultimate success.—
This is the more satisfactory, as for a long series of
years, the capital of Ireland had returned representatives
hostile to any alteration in the ancient order of things.—
On this occasion, we are informed, that the BANK of lan-
LaND used no means to influence the votes of such persons
as might have been supposed to be under their control—an
act that does that establishmet infinite honour.

Alas! Mae I How do we blush for thee, EDixay an it !
—the Modern Athens I

The arbitrary domination of the cruel MIGUEL is fast
drawing to a close. We trust that the French Government
will accept of no apology—which, doubtless, the Despot
will offer—for his outrageous conduct towards its residents
at Lisbon. The brig Endymion left the shores of Portugal
on the 19th ult. and arrived at Brest on the 30th, having
on board the Consul-General of France, M. CASIAS,
and several Gentlemen, who were compelled to leave Lisbon,
on account of the atrocious proceedings of the Tyrant.—
Another brig followed the Endymion, and arrived at Havre
on the 2d instant, with a great number of other French sub-
jects—leaving only the corvette l'EgM in the Tagus, which,
however, is soon to be joined by the frigate Guerriere, and
the corvette !'Oise, with such instructions as may be ex-
pected to make an impression in that quarter.

Hamburgh papers arrived at a late hour this after-
noon. We are gratified in being able to give an extract of a
communication from Minsk, dated April 27, to the following
effect :

is Field-Marshal Count Dickies& having broken up from Malec on
the 24th inst. and having several times offered battle to the Poles, the
latter, without accepting it, have returned towards Praga. A few no.
fortunate skirmishes have taken place on the occasion, and since the
With. the Meld-Marshal's bead-quarters have been in Minsk."

The above affords in itself a complete contradiction of
the report in the Brealaw Gazette, of a defeat lustained by
the Poles at Haluszyn on the 25th ult.

We have German Papers this day to the 3d inst. It now
appears that the rumoured partial reverses of the Poles are
not so serious u has been imagined. The Nuremburg Cor-
respondent of the 21st, states, that the Austrian contingent
to the army of the Confederation, is completely equipped ;
it consists of 95,000 men, 80 batteries of artillery, and four
sets of pontoons. It is added, that the Austrian government
has signified to the French Ambassador in Vienna, that it
has acceded to the request of CHARLES X. to be allowed to
reside at Gratz.

amnions, Aeon 21.—.. The Pacba of Scutari, whose mole now
mosonts to 40,000 mss, has baud a proclamation, in which an.
crown his pile to realm the ancient order of things and the occasion
die, exhorts them maw him to observe the strictest order and good
'seduce, towards dole WWI take no part in the affairs of the war; and
especially essenowmile the. to respect property, and forbids, with
deems of the IMMO allelluilleMit, all persons to offer any violence, or
mew to debit the eeerbte dl* powers powers, of the mails, re annater.
is nessemyre. It dlleinol be has directed his march towards
!Viimmil has sent an horthatirm to the Grand Vizier to have a per.
'hisieview, which is not likely to take place, as both parties have
peed mem for distrust. The Grand Vizier is making preparations to
march to Sophia, where be intends to join all the Ayans who have been
ism to levy troops. It is doubted, however, whether he will collect a
einsiirable army, as all flock to join the insurgents, and even some of
the Ayans have followed this example.
LRBUISAG, Aram 22.—After the unsuccessful attempt made on the
18th by Gen. Dwensicki on the Russian position (protected by woods
sad ditches) on the right bank of the Styr, south of Chrynik, the Poles
retired behind the Styr to the heights of Boremel, where they remained
on the 19th; and, by their advantageous position, hindered the Rus-
sians from advancing over the Darn, and taking a position on the left
beak of the Sty r.While the Russians, in consequence of the direction
which Dwernield had taken, in his Snit passage over the Styr to Duhno,
wove occupiedernicki turne In protec dting the road holing from Boremel to the latter
town, Dw aside, proceeded up the river, and on the 20th,
in the morning, crossed again to the right bank at Berestecko. On the
21st be marched by way of Radniwilow, (where he arrived at eight in
the morning at the head of men,) towards Ktsemeoiec, where the
van guard of this corps thot to arrive in the morning of that day:
this place is said to be occupied by no more than a detachment of Rue.
skin dragoonts,, under Col. Wransel. After the Poice had the. left 80.
rowel, the Riedans crossed the &yr there, and likewise marched up
the river to Beseetecko, where they arrived at one in the afternoon of the
90th. Shortly after, the Poles had passed through to the number of
8,000 men, and posted themselves in columns behind that town. It is
said that General Dwernieki, before he left Betestecko to proceed to
Kmeenenier„ ordered the Polish corps which crossed the Bug on the
18th, at Piaseans, and was intended against Whxisenders, to follow
him—Audition Observer, Aprina
BaODT, Aran 93. —For some days past we have had the titmice of
war very near us, and look forward with apprehension to the issued the
unhappy contest. The biasses. peaceable Russian provinces are ex.
cited to insurrection by the prodestatkos of Gm. Dwernicki finds
numerous adherents in his meek, and every where great enthusiasm
for the recovery of independence. 'though there is a great scarcity of
fire arms, the scythes are a substitute for them. Radziwilow, through
which the Polish troops passed on the 2ist, wee occupied on the
itta by the corps of Geo. Rudiger, who followed the Poles closely, and
seems to watch their meanest', waiting for the arrival of the corps
of General Roth from Poddia, to act in conjunction with him, as the
action of the 18th seems to have convinced him that he is not a
match for Uwernlcki, whose judicious manouvres equal his enterprising
spirit and kb tabsts.
Vienna, April 28. April 99.
701 701
... 1002

Four per Gat. ... ...
Book Mara
—4llpouwirro &Muss, 71./ay 3.

Tagus.' April 10..—Tbe formadon of magasices in the north delta
Tyrol, baseassed provisions to beeome very dear in that country. How.
ever, new of the 3000 melt who, it is said, compose the troops destined
to guard Tyrol, will be mimed in the environs of Trent. TM' corps

is placed near Switzerland, and winter= the left wing of the gnat army.
—Nat/4Na/.

PLss, May 6.—M. de Chateaubriand will leave Paris on Sunday
next, and it is said that he is going to maim a pretty long journey. al.
de Lams/tine, who is now in England, kneads to andertske a voyage
to the East.
Sr. Pwrzasnuaw, APRIL 14.--Fise impression of grief and in-
dignadon that boa boa ems& by the news of the Mahal enterprises
of the lAthuania• an bs eanspared only us that which was
caused by the invades the Awe in 1812. Every bely.herti warmly
resists the insult which the lelfsis WI Lithuanian latesseadom offers
to the Russian power, and the nes& maths dwassit that a severe
chastisement shall give sathfae't far Its it dolma an uncon-
ditional surrender of the rebels, and is iswerpstadsa at Mod with
the Russian empire. Never was a war RIM popular, and it would
Ibe dangerous for the Emperor to show isdalipaas I he would ,run
Ithe risk of losing the affections of all bla pis*. The fair sea stew the
greatest enthusiasm, and exercise an laffisswes dollar to that of the
Polish ladies at Warsaw. Young ONO of the lest (amass fallenas
volunteers, and the Emperor has Istst edema Geasid Commistitiall' to
form immediately an army of 160,101 men to on 11•1441larabal
Diebitech. A separate army is sow to LithuasL. Shy the Pau
consider that they cannot with impunity defy a Mears* wise com-
mands fifty millions of men, and dist they cannot avert their ruin ex-
cept by complete submission !—Asiodurg Gazelle.
PARIS, Illay 7.—We believe we may affirm, that Gen. Schnieder,
commanding the army of occupation in the Mona, has solicited leave to
return to France solely on account of his health, which is affected by
the climate. We doubt not that the loss of the brave general will be
deeply regretted by all the Greeks, as well as by his army. It is said
that he will be succeeded by Gen. Tread, who has lived in the Marva
ever since the French expedition, has performed the duties of Colonel.
Major-General, Chief of the Staff of the Army of Occupation, and,
lastly, was chosen to command the regular troops of Greece. During
his residence in the Peninsula he had an opportunity to make himself
thoroughly acquainted with the manners and customs of the country,
and it will be easy to make himself loved and respected, being already
very advantageously known..--Consliintionnel,

PIRIT OP THE JOURNALS.
Or YCITEIDAY AND TO-DAY.

Tunas.—There last this moment but are topic of reproach to the re-
formers, or of concern for the cause itself, taken in its broad and genera
aspect throughout Lngland,—it is, that men appear too much engrossed
by the scenes immediately about then), to look around and reflect upon
the interests of the country as a whole. The subscriptions, liberal as
they proved in many instances, have nevertheless not filled so eagerly
or speedily as we hoped for. It is true, indeed, that a vast majority of
the electors have bravely met the public exigency to the extent
to which they were directly called upon, out of their own resources.
They have put the reform candidates to little or no expense
in many parts of England, where heretofore every thing used to be
done by pecuniary advances from the candidate or his committee. It
ought, however, to be recollected, that with the best Intentions in the
world, tens of thousands of poor voters cannot convey themselves from
distant places to the poll without a serious encroachment on their
scanty means, and a sensible distress to their families. This, there-
fore, is an evil which ought to be remedied forthwith. Subscriptions
ought to be re-opened in all directions: no candidate ought to start for
any town or county in England without contributing a sum of money
to the antral fund; nor should any elector above want go up to the
hustings who had not previously thrown in his mite to the receiving
box for the fund, not applicable to local purposes through any district
committee, but to the great cause every where, as ordered by the super-
intendents in London. There is reason to be thankful that so much
has yet been done—that in a return of about two-thirds of the gross
amount of the House of Commons. a majority of between 80 and 90
has already been secured to Ministers. Now, however, is the moment
when every nerve ought to be strained, and such an addition procured
to the reform body, as shall give the House of Lords a lemon of what
is required iron: the formal aristocracy of the kingdom. by the people,
already successful in the appeal to their own representatives.
POST.—By unhallowed mans the present Ministers have succeeded
in obtaining an apparent majority. We believe It will prove a delusive
majority. If they again venture to bring forward the same farrago
of impracticable nonsense by which, under the name of a bill of reform,
they have ono cajoled the rabble and insulted the Legislature, they will
probably find many of those who, rather than be pelted by the friends of
Ministers, have cried outmost lustily upon the hustings for "thabill, the
whole bill, and nothing but the bill," very well disposed, upon the calm
secure benches of the House of Commons, to listen a little to the accents
of sobriety and the suggestion of common sense. We challenge minis-
ters, with all the advantages in point of Parliamentary strength they
have derived, fairly or unfairly, from the elections, again to bring
forward their bill as it was, in any of its various shapes, before the last
parliament. This is what we confidently say they will not dare to do.
POST.—The election for the county of Buckingham has terminated
In the triumphant return of the Marquis of Chandor, who, at the final
claw of the poll, numbered mace than five hundred votes over his imam-
diate opponent, and more than eight hundred over Mt. Ore:len--
Highly gratifying as is the success of so able and faithful a cham-
pion of the Constitution, the result of this Election is yet more
important in another point of view. We believe we may say, that
it has been the first popular election which has not been disgraced, and
rendered in fact inconclusive, by dastardly and ferocious violence di.
rested against the Tory candidate and his supporters. To the high ho-
p Dour of the County of Buckingham (for honourable it is in such
times as these) this election has been peat:malt conducted; no in-
thuidation, no brutality has influenced it, and what is the mph ?
A more decisive and perfect victory by the constitutional candidate
than any that the Revolutionists, even with all their murderous violence
to aid then), have hitherto obtained. We fearlessly assert and defy
contradiction, that this one free anti fair Election speaks more the sense
of this enlightened Nation than the scores which have been decided
either by deterring all opposition from showing itself, or crushing it by
brute force where it did appear.
Heitain.—To-day the election for the Metropolitan county takes
place, which will add two more reformers to the number of county
members already returned,under the most unequivocal pledges to support
the great measure, in reference to which the King, in a spirit that be-
comes the Sovereign of a free people, has called for the authentic and
constitutional expression of public opinion The days are gone when it
was a subject of difficult, and fierce, and sometimes dangerous struggle to
have &single popular candidate returned for Middlesex. There was a time
when hired ruffians attempted to settle the question of " free election"
by brute force, and, armed with bludgeons, mounted the hustings,
attempted to seise the poll.booka, and assaulted the independent free-
holders with the most savage violence. It is true that two of those tuf-
flans were afterwards convicted at the Old Bailey of the murder
of one of the unareniug voters ; but though the administrators
of the law did their duty, the sword of justice smote them not. While
the laws denounced extermination against the invaders of propetty,
even to the amount of a few Millings, those destroyers of life for a
political object were protected from all punishment ; for, under the
advice of a corrupt Ministry, they received his Majesty's free
pardon. Would such a Ministry have themselves escaped punishment
at the hands of a Reformed Parliament P—Surely not. To poison the
fountain of justice is one of the most serious crimes that men in power
can mortnit against society; but it is the state of vasaalage to which
the Crown and the Parliament have been reduced by the usurped au•
thority of the borough imprison that has reudered the responsi-
bility of all such Ministers as submit to be the slaves of the task-
masters of the people but a fiction.
Cliaorricia.— it is curious to observe how the small pat of the
public press, that is under the influence of the eorruptiemsts, endea-
vours to soften the defeat of its pitons. Thus a Sunday paper,
notoriously supported by the countenance of the clergy, labours to
persuade its readers that the" Ministate' Radicals (meaning his
Majesty's Government) are enjoying their triumph by means of brute
force." It has been °braved, that although, in one or two instances,
that are toleendeeresly regretted, disturbances lime existed, yet, upon the
whole, no election can be remembered daring which there has
been so little disorder.

Pone.—The scandalous exhortations to violence and murder that
have appeared in the " Reform " journals are producing their effect.
To the eternal disgrace and utter condemnation et the cause,
savage ferocity and the most cowardly violence are the means
which are adopted to promote its manse, in tamest every
district where the opportunity presents Itself. These we are told are
the days of knowledge and reason; ' Reform,' as it Is called,
mist be tannins to the intelligence and enlightened spirit of the
age. Then, we say, let the trial be made; appeal to this intel-
ligence, this enlightenment, and _ we will abide by Its declaim.
The doctrinaires have, in France, accomplished the utmost extent of
their wishes; but will any man presume to mutt that they can main.
tarn themselves at that point to which they have advanced ? Was there
ever a political system so unstable as that of France at the proem mo-
ment ? The popular cry now ice, " We accomplished the re.
volution, we shed our blood, not foe Louis Philippe, not for his
Ministers or his system, but fee ourselves, and foe the general
welfare." cinch is the language of the popular Journals of last
Thursday and Friday; language now held with more IMEINSMOSI
than ever: language which will be infallibly re-echoed by the Revo.
lutionists here. " Our terrors, our violence, carried the Elections; to
us you owe your existence as Ministers; we have gained the victory, and
have the right to dictate the we that shall be made of it." la addition to
the accounts that have already appeared from various parts, we
now direct attention to the scenes that have been exhibited at
Wigan and Dorchester; let any honest patriot look to these atrocities
in connection with those perpetrated at Boston, Ply.ewb, B:atra;
Re. and say what is to be expected as the resole se a memme
forward under such auspices and supported by each mess.
lignet.w.—When it was first mestioned, wen objeedss to the Re.
form Bill, that the abolition of close beeetcwenlil ham the dam of
shutting eat yang rush of Benny amid name am &davits's'.
selves fur the higher Aka etas Swim by mosselm and dhgleyof
their powers in perliameot,we Imbed open It as a sat et maw
weight to the more weighty ogamente, Wilton were way sees y,
however, this organism, if it can be Wild ens, bee he one of Me
main warms in the bends el the gram of the M s ad we Ind
even the " Quarterly Review," la esbee maleummin Bersini whole

pages to a proposition, whieb aranailig amounts to this,—.thet the
most sacred rights and intonate at the animunity ought to be confided
to incompetent hands, in debt hat they may in %nista:me competent.
Tters.—lt will be me bed lames meths bates Tory grandees, whet,
they come to redact upon die riemameietne which have dealt so rum,
with their pride, that they beeeekrdt bps different acconipliAments to
cultivate from those which reeemenesii bed MOM the fortunes of a coin%
tier. If they hereafter seek to revive their hdleweel in the country, ri,„
must do so by a steady penult el the gable wades, to the utter disdain
and exclusion of those mere poised and esiond ends to which the etrott,
of the English oligarchy have been bidseete le peat degree peeened
and the constant countesses at actspaw= at whisk weer -%
conspicuous merits and most solid lervien of nmemmemed men, hat hem
the shameful price exacted by this esmetrigeraby from the minister Mule
day for whateveraid or countenance it aileded him. In truth, one eke
consequence of the reform of Parlismont will be, the segatitil
improvement of the higher orders of the aristocracy; that they
may be enabled, by their individual talents and &erect:ls, to to,t
that competition of the interior ranks, from which the sleepy monopoly
of corporate privileges, added to the active power of distributing nu it.
serial patronsge, cannot ray longer protect them.
CORBETT'. Recasts.—To vote for members of Parliament, many
persons in public power, is apolitical right; but that right is of aortal
value, unless men are better sr in consequence of possessing it. It a
the same with every other endowment. We bear a vast beaming shoot
the light which we possess now-mdays compared with that which veep
released by our forefathers; we see a great fuss about what is called
unproven/ the minds of tt.e working people; but of what use is this
new light in the minds of the working people, unless it add to their
bodily enjoyment; unless it give them better food, better clothing, led,
of course, make them more contented and lees exposed to crime. Tte
first thing necessary to man is food. next raiment, next lodging and
fuel. If he have all these, in sufficient quantity and good quality, he
he is seldom led into legal crime, and is much less liable to the
commission of moral offences, than if he were steeped in po.
very, which is the fruitful parent of misery and crime,
and has always been such in every country in the world. A great deal
of deception has been practised upon the working people under the pre.
tenet of giving them education, by which the parties practising it choose
always to mean, " learning from books." Now, if this education-work
produced real benefit to the working-people, it would be a thing to be
praised; but the fact is, that, since this work was begun, the people
have regularly become poorer and poorer, crimes have regularly ice
creased, till it now costs more to punish and transport felons than the
whole of the maintenance of the poor cost seventy years ago. Db I
want the working-people to be " ignorant ?" No; but when I see
that the education, as it is impudently called, and that misery and
crimes all go on increasing together ; when I see that the
people have become more miserable and less good in exact pro.
portion, as the educating work has extended, I must regard this
work as a despicable cheat. Besides, what is " ignorance ?" There
is a great deal of talk about it ; but what is it? Is the literary man to
call a labourer ignorant, because the latter can neither write nor read,
and because he does not know A from B? Well, then, is not the
labourer to call the literary man ignorant, because be cannot hold a
plough or make a hurdle, and because he does not know oats from
barley when they are six nebes high ? Is the carpenter to call theshoe.
maker ignorant, because he commit make a chest of drawers ; or the shoe.
maker the carpenter, because he cannot make a pair of shoes? The truth
L this, that talk about education of the people is a piece of insolence ek-
ing out of the stupid pride of idlers whose knowledge consists in books,
or the contents of books. Learning meant knowledge; and a hedger that
understands hedging perfectly, is learned in his profession. The pride a
vanity of literature despises all knowledge but that which belongs to
itself; and you shall frequently bear a miserable fribble of a wretch,
who could hardly disentangle his carcass if clasped by a couple of stout
brambles, and who hardly knows a rough sheep-dog from a sheep,
speaking of the " peasantry" as if they were creatures born without
brains. And now, my friends, if 1 were of opinion that this Reform
would make your food and clothing and lodging worse than they are
now, though in the smallest possible degree, 1 should say, " Curse W
destkeable delusion!" If 1 were not convinced that the abolition of
these rotten boroughs would add to your food, your raiment, and to
those other things which tend to your comfort and hap-
piness, I would not step over the sill of the door to cause
their abolition; but it is because I know that this change will make
you better off; it is because I know that it will make an addition to the
reward that you receive for your labour, that 1 have so long endeavoured
to cause it to be adopted ; and it shall now be my endeavour to prove
to you that it will naturally produce this good effect. What is it that
has stripped you of your Sunday clothes ? What is it that has
brought you down to live upon potatoes ? What is it that has produced
this sad, this disgraceful change in England ? The cause is the
WEIGHT OF TAXATION. Now whence have these taxes
come Every one of them by an Act of Parliament...
To make the ;matter plain, if possible,. suppose a little can-
munity, consisting of ten men, each having a wife, each three
children, and all equally healthy, equally sober, and equally vir-
tuous. Suppose themall to be employed in providintfood and other
things for one another; sod all of them to have a sufficiency, arising
from their work, to keep them well. Suppose this little community
to be so abominably foolish as to make one of the number a gentle-
man, and to have him and his family to go swaggering about doing
no work; and to keep him in this state by contributions levied upon
themselves. What would the consequence of this foolish step be?
Why, a part of the earnings of each of the other nine must be token to
be given to him ; and, to be sure, the other nine would have less of
food and of raiment than they had before. To make the matter as
simple as:possibk ; ;suppose thee to be no money in the community,
yet they must give him and his family victuals and drink and
clothing and lodging, and, in whatever proportion they give them to
him, they must have so much the less themselves. Is it sot, there.
fore, clear as day-light that taxes, in whatever shape raised, must take
from those who pay the taxes, and who receive none of them ? When
I was born, the taxes in this country amounted to about eight mildew
a year. They now amount to sixty millions. And is it not dear as
daylight, that if one man come and take away another man's dinner,
the latter must be the poorer for it ? The great business of Govern.
meat is to provide for the happiness of the people that live under that
Government. If it do provide fur that happiness ;if it take care that
every man shall quietly enjoy the fruits of his labour; if it take
care that industry shall have its due reward ; that the idle
shall not fatten upon the toil of the industrious ; and that,
In short, all good people have as easy and comfortable lives as they
can enjoy ; if they do these things, it is of very little consequence what
name the Government beam, what is the form of it, or what it be called
by any-body that chooses to speak of it. During the winter before,
Sir James Graham proved that 113 of the aristocracy e=lsod re-
ceived out of the tales, six hundred and fifty theorised a yaw,
a sum equal in amount to a year's poor rates of the five Counties of
Bedford, Berke, Maim, Cambridge, and Cumberland Think et
that, working people of England ! Think of that These Imadrei
and thirteen men receive out of the taxes a sum equal se the RENT,
not the rates, but the rent, of all the lands, houses, roads, nab
and every thing else in either of the counties of Bab,
Bucks, Cambridge, Dorset, Hereford, or Hertford ; and they
receive as much as the amount of the rental of Bedfordshire
and Huntingdonshire put together, and as much as the rental of
the three counties of Monmouth, Ittalaod and Westmoreland! Here
is a monstrous thing ! Here are 113 men swallowing up all this renal,
which amount is taken out of the taxes, mind; yet no one paged
a law to put an end to this enormous evil. Then, spin, as a
country matters. Is it believed that a reformed parliament 'vitiate
DO measure with regard to tidies it Is it to be believed that they will
suffer the income of three or four livings to be swallowed up by nee
man, taken away out of the parishes and spent in London, or, weyy
likely, at Paris or at Rome, while the religious dudes of the plush
are left to be performed by a miserable musts t Is this to be believed?
If I believed it, I should despise the man that talked to me of Par-
liamentary Reform. The English Bishops receive more probably that
the pour-rates of four counties first upon the alphabetisel list. Newt if
a reformed Parliament eau be thought capable of leaving these dings
untouchedor reformed Parliament would be the greatest delusive dint
ever was palmed upon mankind. No, my friends, a reformed Partly
aunt will put these matters to rights ; and, therefore, it is the duty
of us all to labour earnestly for the obtaining such a Parliament.

CITY. TWO O'CLOCK.
The accounts received by the Hambro' steamer, are not of
that interesting nature as we were led to expect, it only con-
firms the retreat of the Polish army towards Warsaw, when
no doubt severe fighting will soon take place. It is a
prudent step of the Polish Commander-in-Chief to
retire on his resources, and not suffer himself to be cut .if
from Warsaw. Consols, which got up in the early part of
the morning to 836 for the Account, have receded to 821.
Some Bulls seeing a good profit, have realized, and pocketed
the cash. One defaulter has been declared, but of no im-
portance. In the Foreign Market nothing doing.
Accounts from Antwerp state, that General Chasse
has given notice to General Defailly, that if he
does not destroy the fortifications which he has caused to be
erected, that he would oblige him to do it by frees. G.e.
Defailly's answer was, that he would double the workmen
on the batteries.

The King and Queen arrived in town about half-pet
o'clock yesterday afternoon, escorted by a detachment of
Lancers, from the Palace at Windsor. The Duke of Cum-
berland, the Landgravine of Hesse Homberg, the Duke of
Sussex, the Princess Augusta, the Princess Sophie, and the
Duke and Duchess of Gloomier, visited their Majesties;
some of the Royal party partook of a dejenoi with the Kier
and Queen.

THE GENERAL ELECTION.
'MEMBERS RETURNED TO THR NEW PARLIAMENT.
Bedfordshire—Marquis of Tartan& : Sir P. Payne.
Brecon (County)—Colonel Thomas Wood.
Buckingham (County) C. —Marquis of Chandoa ; John Smith, Esq.
Carntuvon (County)— W. G. Wynn, Req.
Cashell(City)—Matthew Pennefatber.
Chester (City)—Rt. Hon. Robert erorrenor ; Cunlifte Ofiley,
Denbigh (County).—Sir W. W. Wynn.
Derby (County)—lord G. H. Cavendish; Hon. G. J. Vernon.
Dungsrvon (Borough )—Hon. Gwrge Lamb.
Enniskillen (Borough)—Hon. A. Cole.
Glamorgan (County)—C. R. M. Talbot, Esq.
Heretord (County)—Sir R. Price, Bart ; Kedgwin Hoskins, Kn.
Hertfordshire—Sir John &bright ; J. N. Calvert, Esq.
Newton (Lancashire)—.Thos. Lech, Esq ; Thos. Hoklaworth, Esq.
Radnor (Coanty)--Right Hon. T. F. Lewis.
Wexford (Town)--C. A. Walker, Esq.
Tort (County)—Lord Morpeth ; Sir John V. B. Johnstone, B rt ;
John Charles Ramsden,
STAKai; George
POLLS. Strickland, Esq.
TE OF
Huntingdon (County), May 7. Newry, May 6.
j. B. Rooper, Esq. . 841 Hon. Mr. Knox - -
Lord Mandeville . 812 Mr. Maguire - -
Lord Surabaya) - 673 Drogheda, May 6.
Essex (County). May 9. Wallace - -
Western - 2001 North .
Wellesley • 1921 Cricklade, May 7.
Tyrell - - - 1411 Gordon
Carnarvon (Borough), May 7. Colley
Sir Charles Pagel Bouverie
Gore, Esq. 112
Marlow,

- 66
- 61

w.O.
Great
7.
- , May 7.
0. Williams, Esq. . 196
T. P. Williams, Esq. - 192
Colonel W. H. Clayton - 187
Northampton(County). May 7.
Althorp . - - 139
Milton - - - 134
Cartwright . - 79
Knightly . - 73
Montgomery (County), May 7.
Hon. C. W. W. Wynn - 644
I. H. Lyon, Esq. - 223

- 481
- 480
- 389

4 °renter (County), May 7.
Foley . - 585
Lygon - .
• Spencer -
Aylesbury, May 9.
Bickford - -
Lord Nugent - - 578
Lord Kirkwall • • 472
Cumberland (County), May 8.
Sir J. IL 0. Orphan' - 933
Wm. Blamlre, Esq. • 913
Lord Lowther - . 409

- 603
- 429

• 939
