FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, MARCH et
The Dnke of Belluno marched on Paris with the
troops of the second military division. When the re-
giments learned that the Emperor was approaching
the capital, they mounted in succession the national
colours. The Duke of Bellitno withdrew, and the
vhole division continued its MI6, re-united under

its Ancient colours.
In the 3d and 4th divisions, in spite of the efforts
of the Prefect VAnblanc, and of some Gener.ds, the

people, the officers, and soldiers all mounted the na-
tional cockade. The Colonel Jacquemitiot, Aide-de-
camp to the Duke of Reggio, brought to•d ty the
addresses of the different corps, anal presented them

to the Emperor during the parade.
The Duke of Albufera and General Gerard did
not wait for the new's of the progress of the march of
the Emperor, ani all the troops have joined them-
selves to the wishes of all the inhabitants of Alsace.
Thus the national flag flies in that Province as in
Burgundy and in Franche Comte.
Lieutenant-General Pajol had mounted at Orleans
the tri-coloured cockade, when Marshal St. Cyr ar-
rived in that city, and pot him under arrest. The
troops havingasaanimously declared that they would
march towards the Emperor, and would join them-
selves to the wishes of all the army, the Marshal
ordered the city gates to be shut. The brave cuiras-
siers of the Ist regiment broke them open, and Mar-
shal St. Cyr has disappeared. '
The city of Rouen and all Normandy have, with
an unanimous movement, mounted the national co-
lours. The Sieur de Castries, who had thrown him.
self into Dieppe, has embarked. General lorparrois,
Aide-de-camp of the Emperor, is gone to take the
command of that division.
Britany, and especially the city of Rennes, mani-
fested the greatest enthusiasm. Lieutenant-Genera)
Pire, commanding the 13th division, and General
Eijarre, have expressed their sentiments in an address
signed by General Officers, by the Staff-Major, by
Officers of Administration, by all the Chefs de Corp:,
and by all the regiments. The troops of the division
have marched directly to attack the Duke de Bour-
bon, who left Angers on the 20th.
The Prod:minions of the Emperor would arrive
Ott Poitou on the 23d ; and in spite of the efforts of the
Bourbons, who spewed themselves there on the 22d,
the national flag. will be hoisted by the people, who
do not forget the benefits which the Emperor has
conferred upon them.
Lieutenant-General Clausal is gone to command at
Bourateaus. At the time of the list news, the Du-
chess D'Angnuleme had quitted that city, and had
embarked on Elie river.
It appears from the last couriers arrived from Mar-
seilles, that the white cockade was still hoisted its
that city. There had been formed there, in order to
march against the Emperor, enrolments to the
amount of 1,500 men. Marshal the Prince of Es-
sling endeavoured to restrain these spirits : the troops
cried out with indignetion when they saw the agents
of distserbance abuse `and agitate the people. These
commotions. would cease on the news of the entry
of the Emperor into Paris,* which having reached
Lyons on the 21st, would be known at Marseilles on
the 26th.
The inhabitants and the troops by land and sea at
Toulon have displayed the , liveliest enthusiasm, and
adopted the national colours.
The presence of the Count de Lille, of the Count
(pertois, and of-the Duke de Berri, still checks in
the Northern Departments the impulse of the people.
and of the troops. Four regiMents, which had left
Lille, have re-entered it, and assurances have been
received that no regitnent, that no troop of volun-
teers, with white cockades, which should be dispoied
to fi‘ht against tbe interests of the• nation, will be

permitted to enter der places. Forty &mood men
have left Paris successively for the North.- The ad-
valued. guard of this army, under the command of
Lieutenant• General Excel:nen% will be to-snorrow.
at the gates of Lille. Reports which have been spread
this evening announce, that, fearing to be surrounded,
the Count de Lille only crossed this place, and went
towards Menin.
Lieutenant-General Count Morand, an officer dis-
tinguished for his talents and his services, has repaired
to the Western Department.
On the 20th the Duke d'Angoulema left Nissen.
Several bodies of troops were put in march to cut off
from him all communication with the coast.
His Majesty to-day in the Court of the 'lluilleties
reviewed the division of General Lefol, the division
of Geieral Dufour, the grenadiers and the chasseurs
of the old guard, and the lancers of the guards.
The old guard presented to the Emperor its an-
cient eagles, which it had preserved. His Majesty
embraced them. He harangued the officers. The
troops manifested the liveliest enthusiasm. The sight
of these brave men, whose presence recalled so many
brilliant actions, and who have honoured themselves
always by the most inviolable fidelity, produced on
the numerous spectators of the review an emotion
which was manilested by unanimous applause: and
acclamations.
Addresses of the Staff, of the troops of all descrip-
tions, of the re-united Officers, of the Administrative
and Municipal Authorities, of the National Guards,
of Cities, &c. &c. arrive from all parts. We will not
publish the text of these Addresses : they all contain
in concise and energetic terms, the expression of that
sentiment of exultation, which burst forth in our Gar-
risons, in Cities and Plains, at the moment when they
were reached by the news of the Emperor's arrival
on the French territory. The few following words
comprehend the analysis and substance of these Ad-
dresses :
es France and the Emperor are no longer separated.
Cowards had betrayed the country : France, losing
its Prince, lost its strength, and thit sentiment of glory
to which it owed so many memorable actions. That
army which had so well merited of the country was
the object of a shameful neglect : the brave were
loaded with humiliations and with disgust? : a small
nnmher of privileged persons usurped their titles,
their ranks, their honourable recompenses : recalled
by the wishes of a people menaced with a return to
its ancient slavery, recalled by the wishes of the he-
roes who had been always faithful to him, the Em-
perm has re-appeared ; and the sentiment of national
honour, and of the grandeur of our institutions, re-
vives ill a'•l our hearts : we swear to live and die
under the laws of the Emperor and of his dynasty."
PART% NIALICII ea.

The 11Ionise:sr of this date contains the following
intimation :
66 The Monistur is no longer the official Journal.
What is official. must be authenticated by the signa-
ture of a minister or public functionary, and there is
henceforth nothing printed officially but the Biddies
des Lois."
'Yesterday his Majesty reviewed in the court of the
Thuilleries ten regiments of infantry, six of cavalry,
mo of artillery, and one of engineers. Part of these
troops had arrived by forced marches, from a spon-
taneous movement, and a burning desire again to see
the Emperor. Some of them had their old eagles,
which they had concealed from every search ; others
had tri-coloured flags, on which the eagles were
painted. They were not deficient in a single officer
or soldier, with the exception of the Colonel of the
fourth regiment, who had been cashiered for mis-
conduct.

these words :—' Soldiers, you wM be eoustantit
faithful to the great cause of the people, to French
honour, and to your Emperor."
This review was still more numerous than any
that has recently taken place, for from 20 to 25,000
men were drawn up in a small space. The enthu-
siasm of the troops was participated by the numerous
spectators, who covered the Place du Carousel.
Prince Joseph arrived on the 23J, at two In the
afternoon. He alighted at the Emperor's in the
Thuilleries, and then went to the Palace Elysee.
where he resides. The Princess Julia, and the two
Princesses, his daughters, were with him. On his
passage through Dijon on the 21st, he was recognised
and received with general acclamations.

K MINISTRY OF THE INTERIOR.
" Tilt MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR. COUNT OE THE
EMPIRE, TO THE PERFECT OF

44 PARIS, MARCO 22.
•$ Sm—You have been informed by a letter from
the Secretary of State, of the 21st, that the Emperor
has re-entered his capital, and that yon were to re-
ceive instructions from the Minister of the Interior
whom he shoal appoint.
46 The Emperor has been pleased to honour me
with his choice, and I felicitate myself on the relations
which it gives me with you.
44 The Emperor. surrounded every where by the
army and the people, has traversed his States amidst
the most pleasing emltions ; his march every where
presented the appearance of a triumphal progress,
and that pomp, of which enthusiasm alone was at the
expense, has not cost a single tear to one of his sub-
jects, whom he every where called his children, who
beheld in him a father solely occupied with their
happiness and aational glory. What confidence,
what security must such a return inspire in those un-
der your charge.
" Certain weak Princes, imposed by foreigners,
and become themselves foreigners in respect" to our
laws and manners, attempted during an interregnum
of eleven months, to carry us back to the feudal
times; they but ill disguised their views, under the
cloak of some liberal ideas which were only in their
mouths ; but one thing they ctsuld not disguise was
the handful of men attached to their cause, a fl ight-
ful minority, which has exhibited them in the situa-
don of flying almost alone from a country, scl.ich,
for the second time, expels them from its bosom.
"The official documents published in the hAviteur
have already made you acquainted with the nt igna.
nimous views of our legitimate Sovereign. Mark
well the intentions which the Emperor 1145 ex7resse,l
for the happiness of the people, and let us anise our
aorta to cause that Prince to be cherished who is
restored to us by PROVIDENCE, and who guarantees
to us and to our children equality of civil tights, the
enjoyment of every kind of property, and that which
is not less valuable—national honour."
OFFICIAL NEWS.

EXTRACT OF TILE DISPATCHES OF THE MARSHAL DUKE
OF TREVISO.

On the 23d of March, the Count de Lille, head of
the Bourbon Family, qnitted Lille and France to go
to Menin. On the 24th, at two in the morning, the
Duke of Orleans in like manner quitted Lille to go
to Tournay. Orders have been given by the Mar-
shal to all the Generals in command at Valenciennes,
Maubeuge, Avesnes, Landrecies, Guesnay, and
Conde.

Every where the imperial eagle, the national coc-
kade, the tricoloured Hag, have h,!en displayed amid
the acclamations of the people and the army. Dun-
kirk, Gravelines, Bergues, all the places of the North
present the same aspect: there has not been a mo.
meet's disturbance in the lOth Military Division.
=TRACT OF A LATTER FROM THR MARSHAL DUKE 01'
RECGIO-MARCH 23.

At Metz, and all the places of the Eastward, the
spirit of the people, the zeal of the soldiery, are the
same. The eagle and the national flag are univer-
sally seen.
EXTRACT OF DISPATCHES FROM COUNT CAFFARELLI,
MARCH 23.

Brittany is quiet, and animated with the hest
spirit. At Rennes, the Emperor's bust was carried
in triumph.
Through all the West there has been ne plunder
of the public treasures ; the Vendee insurrection was
known to be a dream even to those who attempted
to excite it. On the 223, at two in the morning, the
Duke of Bourbon embarked on the Loire at Pont de
Ce. The preparations for his embarkation and de-
parture for England were made at Nantes. Thus in
twenty-four days from his landing at the extreme of
the South of France, the Chief of this fine Empire
(and what Chief was ever more legitimate), called,
seconded by the wishes, by the united expression of
all her citizens, and all her soldiers, found not a
single trace of opposition in the whole extent of the
French territory. -One unanimous devotion, one pro.
found and reasoning assent exhibited themselves on
all sides. •
Thus was consummated with all the rapidity of
enthusiasm, and all the calmness of wisdom, with-
out the shedding of a single drop of French blood,
, without the slightest excess or the most trivial dis-
order, this revolution, destined to make the wonder
of Europe, the adminiti.in of posterity, the happi-
ness of the present generation, and the peace of
France, which, once for all, reposes in its glory and
in its dignity. •
