SUPPLY-AUSTRIAN LOAN.

Mr. C. GRANT moved the order. of the day for
the House going into the Committee of Supply.
Mr. R. SMITH wished to obtain all the papers
relative to the Austrian Loan. It had been said that
the money had not been a Loan but a subsidy. But
Mr. Pitt had stated the reverse ; and that the Loan
had been borrowed on terms highly advantageous to
the country. The original Loan had been 6,200,.000/.
and with the interest, now amounted to nearly 22 mil-
lions. He contended that the two Treaties with re-
spect to the Austrian Loan had been violated in every
instance by the Government of that country. When
we offered to take ship-timber from Austria in part
discharge of this Loan, she denied that she owed any
such money to this country. Without the payment
of the debts justly due to us it would be impossible
for us to pay I'oor Rates or Taxes. This proved the
necessity on the part of the Government to shew the
people why so large a sum as 21 millions should be
withheld, and the claim resisted by Austria. Every
one was aware that Austria had paid off her old and
much of her new debt ; that her revenue from her
Italian provinces was eight millions a-year ; and
that she had volunteered pecuniary assistance to the
King of Sardinia. The people, therefore, had a,
right to know why Prince Metternich and Count Sta-
dion denied this to be a debt on the part of Austria,
while the Noble Lord opposite always declared it to
be a debt, though he never enforced the payment of
it. The Treaties shewed the engagements entered
into fur the repayment of these Loans to Austria;
and he therefore called upon our Government to res-
cue head of the Holy Alliance from charges which
would involve a man in common life in a charge of
swindling. He then moved for a copy of a Dispirc.h
from the Hon. It. Gordon, containing the reasons or
Prince Metternich and Count Stadion why no Loans
had been granted by this conntry to Austria by the
Conventions of 179.5 and 1797.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, that the
House would feel that nothing had been !hewn which
should warrant him in going into the merits of the
Debt. Certainly those were at first Loans ; but, in
the late long struggle, circumstances had arisen which
had liquidated great part of this Debt. Still Austria
would stand ill in her own eyes, and in those of the
world, if she did not take measures for coming to an
arrangement as to this Debt. He said that when a
country had not the means of doinja thing, it was
the best reason why she should not do it; and, there-
fore, if left to his own discretion, he would advise that
Austria should not now be troubled on this subject.
Mr. WARRE thought even a compromise al-
most hopeless, when her great German Diplomatists
had refused ship-timber in pare payment of this Loan,
which amounted now to :C21,000,000. It seemed to
him that we were very large creditors for a sum of
which there seemed to be no chance of repayment.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, there
was no negotiation going on at present.
Mr. WARD could not agree to the production. of
this paper, because such a ster might embarrass any
negotiation which might be entered into by the two
Governments for the payment of this debt. Still he
did not think but that Austria was in a state gra-
dually to liquidate that debt. Ile had no depend-
ence on the faith of Austria. He had degraded his
daughter and grandson ; and exiled his son-in-law.
He extorted from the Provinces of Lombardy, the
Tyrol, and all but what were, perhaps, ironically,
called his paternal States. He was sure that Austria
would not abandon the alliance of England even to
support a successful fraud. Austria was hated by
Russia and Prussia, Poland, Italy, the Tyrol, and
among her neighbours in Germany. If then she per-
severed in this piece of barefaced injustice towards
this country, it must be that she expected impunity.
For this reason, as he expected that Government
would interfere, he should oppose the motion.
Mr. JAMES said, the Noble Marquis could not
have the power of relinquishing this debt without the
consent of the people; then, indeed, would the peo-
ple be reduced to a complete state of slavery. If
the Noble Marqui• did not take some mode of ob-
taining this money, he should call the attention of
Parliament to it.

Mr. R. SMITH consented to withdraw his motion,
which was agreed to, alter some opposition from
Mr. JAMES.

The house then went into a Committee of Supply
on the remaining Irish Miscellaneous Estimates, in
the course of which, various sums were voted for law
expenses, for the apprehension of criminal offenders,
&c. in Ireland; and for the support of the Protestant
Dissenting Ministers there, Civil Contingencigs, &c.
Mr. C. GRANT then proposed a grant of X 88,932 for the
Barrack Establishment in Ireland; and he had great pleasure
in saying, it would be united with the Commissariat Depart-
ment of those of England in the course of the year.
The motion was agreed to; as were 0E99,600 for the Com-
mi4sariat Department.

The Resolutions were then agreed to.—Report to-morrow._
On the Committee on the grunt to the American Loyalists,
Mr. COURTENAY said, that he had the satisfaction of an-
nouncing that his Majesty had acceded to a Grant to these meri-
torious persons._ _ _

LLLICE wished to know from what Fund this was
to come?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, the
grant was to be £60,000 out of the Droits of theAchniralty.
On the motion for going into theiCommittee on the Metro-
polis Police Bill,
Mr. G. BENNETT hoped it would not be brought on at. so
late an hour.

Mr. HUSK ISSON said, the Hon. Member might make his
statement on arp future stage of the Bill.

Mr. I)ENMAN hoped 11'0 additional powers would be given
to Magistrates under this Bill.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, the Bill was a tem-
porary measure, and only for one year.—The Bill was committed.
Mr. H. G. BENNETT objected to the establishment of any
new Police Office in the parish of St. Mary-Li-Bonne. There
seemed to be no reason why the Queen-square business should
not be removed to Bow-street, and the duty of the Mary-la-.
Bonne Police be joined to that of Marlborough-street.
\lr. CLI VE said, the present Police was as active as its
powers allowed. There were constantly four Officers patroling
the streets in rack division. He defended the Establishment of
Queen-square Office as highly nece.aary. The district nuts small
in extent; but it should be recollected that it extended over St.
Margaret's, We‘tininster ; the Waterside, and the whole neigh-
bourhood of Tuthill-fie.ds. It v. as net proposed to erect a new
Establishment for Mary-la-Bonne, but to remove the Officer:ow
at Shadwell, to High-street, Mary-la-Bonne.
Mr. BEN NETT thought Queen-square and Shadwell Offices
might both be dispensed with ; and Marlborough-street Office,
with an additional number of Officers, would be able to do all
the business of Mary-la-Bonne.

Tl.e Margils of LONDONDERRY confirmed the statement
that rio new establishment was contemplated : it was only the
removals of Shadwell Office to Mary-la.llonne.
Mr. DENMAN would rather this alteration should he made
by the authority of Government than by Act of Parliament.
After some observations from Mr. WILMA M• 3, the Al TOltlirr•
G EtiEltAL, and others, the clause was agreed to.
On the Clause for preventing the blowing of Horns on Sun-
days, Good Friday, and Christmas-day, the Committee divided.
'The numbers were—

43
8

• For the Clause -
Against it - - - -
• Majority against the horns - - —74
The several remaining Clauses were then disposed of, and the
Report was ordered to be received on a future day.
The other Orders were disposed of, and the House adjourned
at Two o'Cluck.

ANNIVERSARY OF SIR ROBERT IVILSOYS
ELECTION FOR SOUTH/VARA.

The Third Anniversary of the assertion of the In-
dependence,
and of the triumph of the Reformers of
this respectable Borough, was yesterday celebrated •
at the horns Tavern, Kennington, Sir RouEwr WIL•
sos, in the Chair.

After the toast of ,4 The King, and may he never
forget his declaration, that the Crown is held in trust
for the People," was drank with well demonstrations
of loyalty as it was naturally calculated to inspire,
I, The health of the Queen" was drank with enthu-
siastic applause; as were several other popular toasts,
among others, " The People, 'the only source of le-
gitimate power."
Mr. HALL proposed ig The health of Sir Robert
Wilson," after an ardent eulogium upon his political
principles and general conduct. This toast was drank
with three times three and great applause, which was
considerably increased upon the gallant General's
offering himself to address the Meeting.
Sir ROBERT Wasou, on returning thanks, adverted
to a variety of popular topics, particularly enforcing
the necessity.of Reform ; and upon the subject of his
late vote respecting the grant to the Duke of Cla-
rence, be thus expressed himself:—Allusion had been
'made, in a manner that could not be misunderstood,
to a recent vote which lie had given on the grant of
the income and arrears to the Duke of Clarence. He
knew that in that vote he had differed from matey of
his own friends, and, he feared, from the majority of
his constituents. But he had stated before be had
given it, that he did not consider the grant as a new
proposition ; if it had been, lie should have objected
to it; but he viewed it as one registered on the Jour-
nals of the House, and which had awaited only the
pleasure of the Duke of Clarence to be ratified, upon
the presumption that certain conditions would be ful-
filled. These conditions were, in fact, complied with,
by the marriage of the Duke, and his residence in
England. It was then a question, not whether the
Duke had a right to ask, but whether it became
the House to give effect to its Resolution from the
original date? He thought it did, and having
that view of the subject, he had voted accordingly.
He confessed, indeed, that his feelings inclined him
to give his vote always in favour of the Royal Fa-
mily, where cloabt existed. Ha had never concealed
—he had always avowed his obligation to the King,
who had, at the time-of his confinement in France,
and without any communication with him, gene-
rously granted to the mother of his children a most
liberal maintenance and provision for two of them,
which allowance, on his standing for the Borough of
Southwark, he had felt it his duty to relinquish in
their names, that his independence niklit not be af-
fected, or be the object of suspicion ; but it would,
notwithstanding, now ill become him to levy war
against the domestic establishment of any of the
Royal Family, when not compelled by an imperative
sense of duty, and especially when he thought there
was a fair claim on the liberality and honour of the
House. His whole life had proved that his motives
were not corrupt ; and it could not but be in the re-
collection of every one, that only a few months since
he had offered to give up his seat in Parliament, and
also his commission, to engage in the service of a
cause which he thought interested the general
belly of mankind.
_ _

The health of Sir FRANCIS BURDETT having been
drank, the lion. Baronet urged, with his usually im-
pressive force, the principles of Parliamentary Reform,
without which he felt that the country had no chance
of recovering or maintaining freedom. But he had
no doubt that this measure would yet be attained.—
The Hon. Baronet vindicated the character of Sir
Robert Wilson, against the aniniadversiotis to which
the gallant Officer had been lately subjected for a
particular vote, in which vote, however, he (Sir F.
Burden) did not concur ; although he was not at all
disposed to grudge the Royal Family a liberal allow-
ance, provided they were willing to promote the
rights and interests of the People. But as to Sir
Robert Wilson, looking at his whole life, and regarding
hiM, not as the soldier of fortune, but as the soldier
of liberty, he could not attribute. any act of his to a
sinister motive. Acquitting the-gallant Officer then
of corruption, he could not condemn him for a mere
error of judgment. •
Mr. IlonirousE and Mr. C. HurcinNsos followed
in the same strain,
.both bearing testimony to the
purity of Sir R. Wilson's motives ; and the latter in
particular, in consequence of the signal humanity of
the gallant Officer, at an early age, in Ireland, when
that country was the scene of torture and desolation.
When Sir R. WILSON, with his friends, was about
to retire, the gallant Officer said, lie rt,:e to take
leave, but he could not without expre,sing his ac-
knowledgments to his Constituents for the-liberal
and manly conduct they had pursued. A most im-
portant, useful, and remarkable scene had b.:en wit-
nessed, namely, that of a Rept esenLative being called
to account for his conduct by his Constituents, in a
tone attd temper that addcd dignity to the inde-
pendence they had achieved. He could not but
feel grateful also to his friends for the generous
and honourable support they had rendered him.—
He remembered, however, that die greatest man of
the age had admitted he had fallen, because he had
sinned against the spirit—:so whenever he sinned
against the spirit of his constituents on a serious sub-
ject, let him fall., He should on any intimation, how-
ever delicately given by the body of his constituents,
resign his seat, certainly with tewet, but not wish
shame, for those only could feet shame who were
conscious of corrupt motives in their conduct; but
he should have the consolation to know, that when
he paid this penalty, he should, by the extuni le, cu
tribute to the cause of independence, or Il e). tv....tila
not express the wish.

1

THE EVENING STAR.

LONiiOV.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A " Captain on Half.pay" has our thanks fur his suaretion,

which will be attended to.

SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1821.
THE FUNDS.
PRlces OP STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK :
3 per Cent. Reduced 76'/8 14 —3 per Cent. Cons. shut
4 per Cent. 94Y4-5 per Cent. shut
Long Anns. 19 1-16 1/2—Each. Rills. par, ls. dis.
Commercial ss. dis.--Consols for Acct. 771,4 3/4.

The [Upon of the Agricultural Committee of the
House of Commons has at length made its appear-
ance. From its great length, extending to no less
than twenty-seven folio pages, it is impossible to lay
the whole of it verbatim before our Readers; but we

have made such ample and connected extracts from
it as will shew sufficiently the general line of reason-
ing pursued in it, and the conclusions which it re-
commends. It appears to us to be drawn up with
great judgment, aad to rest upon sterling principles.
It acknov.iedges that there is, unfortunately, cause
for the complaints of the Agriculturists, 'whilst it
expresses a hope that tie distress is of a temporary
nature. It ascribes the low prices to two causes—
the change u hich has taken place in our money sys-
tem, and the productiveness of the two last harvests.
The idea that taxation is the cause of the existing
difficulties is wholly discountenanced. It is suggested

a. a matter bight), deserving of future consideration,

and a proclamation was issued, announcing that the
Greeks might return to their homes and avocations,
and that, instead of being molested in future, they
might depend on receiving the protection of the
Turkish Government.

whether a trade in Corn, constantly open to all national
of the world, and subject only to such a died duty
as might compensate to the grower the loss of that
cacouiagement which he received during the la•e
war, from the obstacles thrown in the way of free
importation, and thereby protect the capitals now
vested in Agriculture fiom an unequal competition
in the home market—is not, as a permanent system,
preferable to that state of law by which the Coin
Trade is now regulated.

Yesterday afternoon, at six o'clock, the Duke of
YORK arrived in town from Oatlands.
The Duchess of GLOUCESTER and the Princess
AUGUSTA la-ft town yesterday morning for Rich-
mond, where they spent the day with the Dowager
Countess of CARDIGAN, and in the evening returned
to London.
Yesterday the Duke of CLARENCE dined with Mr.
and Mrs. SMITH, in New Norfolk-street.
The Duchess of CLARENCE spent yesterday with
the Duchess of KENT, at her apartments in the
KING's Palace at Kensington.
The Earl and Countess of LONSDALE gave an ele-
gant entertainment on Thursday, to—
Lord Chief Justice Abbott, the Solicitor-General, Lord A.
lenborough, Lord Sidmouth, Lady F. Bentinck, Mr. and Lady
Anne Begot, Miss Addington, Sir Philip Musgrave, Ban.
Sir John Sewell, Bart., &c.'at their house in Charles.street,
Berkeley-square.
Instead of a Concert of Vocal and Instrumental
Music, his Grace the Duke of DEVONSHIRE gave a
Quadrille-dance to the juneviles, and a Conversazione
to the adults, on Thursday evening :—The first danced
in the Great Hall, now called the Saloon, whilst the
others promenaded through the rooms of State, the
fifteen apartments being thrown open. Devonshire
House never before exhibited such a bustling scene.
The interior was filled by a Thousand Fashmuddes,
for every space was occupied. Many a delightful
squeeze, and not a few oppressed almost to fainting
by the heat of many thousand wax-lights. The danc-
ing was led off by the Duke of DevoNsttiaa and a
beautiful unknown Female. About tour sets dis-
played the most elegant figures, and added to the
captivation of the scene. There was a Sandwich
supper, with fruits, ices, confectionery, and Wines.
The Noble Host quitted the party at an early hour,
(two o'clock), and retired to rest; but the visitants
did not think of departing until a quarter before five
in the morning, and then they separated reluctantly.
Whilst all was harmony within, without was a scene!
of riot and confusion. The Court-yard was filled by
the rival heroes of the whip, contending for precedence:
From this improper conduct, one of the coach-horses
of Mr. BUTLER Dawvens was killed, the poor animal,
bt;ing driven upon the spikes at the Eastern-gate.—
Happily the Ladies in the cart iages sustained no injury.j
Escrasu Ormia-irovsx.—The Melo-Drama of The Mind Buy
was performed last night. Miss Km ix, as the sightless hero of
the piece, was, as usual, eminently interesting ; her efforts
awoke the warmest sympathies, and called forth thunders of ap-
plause. T. P. Cooxe sustained the part of .Aixfig with great
ability, and the vocal talent of PEA lIMAN, and the dry humour
of WHALvisov, were most happily pressed into the service. Ro-
nne was the second piece, which afforded a Miss SEYMOUR, a
new songstress, an opportunity of greatly distinguishing herself
as Rosins she was repeatedly. encored. A Mr. Ilawasn was
very well received in Captain Matte, and Mr. Pea RMAN, as
Mr. Alva., and Miss Kete.y, as Plicr6e, exerted themselves
with the happiest effect. The entertainments of the evening
closed with the lively farce of For and Water, in which our old
favourite, Wnesen, g .ve appropriate importance to the whim-
sical calamith s of Frederick, and reaped a plentiful harvest et
bug, rer and fervent approbation.
VacinAt.L.- The attendance at these Gardens on 'Wednesday
considering the entavouralle aspect of the evening, was rather
numerous. 'I hey were splendidly illuminated. During the
concert many of the songs were encored, and all were much ap-
plauded. The fire-works were very beautiful. An eruption of
Mount Vesuvius, in particular, bad a most imposing effecte-1
'the Gardens were last night thronged.
FATAL RESULT OF rue RIOT IN WESTMINSTER.--
Yesterday afternoon, William Cogle, the iinfOrtunatel
Individual who was so dangerously wounded on Mon-
day evening, during the disturbance in the Almonry
and Tothill:street, with the soldiers, died in the West-
minster Infirmary. From the period o his being'
conveyed into the hospital, nut the slightest hopes
were entertained for his recovery by Mr. STEVENSON,
the house surgeon, Mr. WnITE, and other medical
gentlemen. mho have been in constant attendance,
upon hum 'tinting tl:e whole time, and tr,ed their ut-
most endeavours to preset ye his life without effect.
The skull of the poor man was so dreadfully injured,'
that while dressing the head, several pieces of bone
we:e taken away from it. MT. It AINSFORD, the Ma-
gistrate belonging to Queen.squale Office, very hu-
manely sent repeatedly to the hospital to ascertain
the situation of the deceased, and the last inquiry was
only a few limns before he expired. The body now
lies for the decision of a Coroner's Inquest, which it
is expected will take place this evening. Five of the
riotous persons who were apprehended by the officers
during the affray, and a drumn.er, remain inTothill-
fields prison. '
Mr. Thome the celebrated Blacking Manufacturer of Lon.
don, has arrived in this town, on his usual round, in a machine
hitherto, unknown in the annals of travelling. It is a four.
wheeled carriage (invented by a Mr. Joussos) which, though as
neat and easy as a phaeton or curricle, from having no iron
springs, avoids the duty on spring carriages, by coming under
the appellation of a "stage-waggon," and as such is regularly
licensed at Somerset-Douse. The wheels are extremely neatand
light, with patent axletrees, and stand upright, by which a con-
siderable degree of friction is avoided. The aaktrees are iron:
from the hinder one, near the wheel, on each side, is fixed a bar
of laneewuod; these meet on the centre of the fore axletree,
and serve at once for connecting pole and springs, the body of
the carriage being poised in the middle of them. The front axle-
tree turns on a small citculat plate, and is neat and secure, though,
entirely without the framework in the front of curricles and
other carriages. The shafts, which are of the eabriole con-
. . . . .

In suggesting, however, this change of system for
further consideration, as a possible improvement of,
the Coin Ltws, at some future time, the Committee
state, that they are hilly aware of the unfitness of
the present moment for attempting such a change,
when a great accumulation has taken place in* the
shipping ports on the Continent, and in the ware-
hoims for f 'reign coin in this country.
The Report is said to have been drawn up by
Messrs. HUSICISSON and Ricanuo.

The Paris Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday ar-
rived this forenoon. The King of NAPLES, by a
Decree of the 30th of. May, has granted a full and
entire amnesty to those who, since the Bth of July,
1320, till and including the 2•lth of March last,
have enrolled themselves as members of secret and
prohibited Societies, or who .have taken part in poli-
tical events; excepting always (a strange exception)
individuals comprehended in the number of conspira-
tors. The corps of Austrians sent into Sicily, is under
the command ofGeneral WALNIODEN. It is stated, that
immediately on their embarking at Naple , an Eng:
lish sloop, which had been observing the movements
of the expeditionary squadron at a distance, came
into port as soon as it had sit sail, and after deliver-
Jag a dispatch to the British Ambassador, departed
instantly. The circumstance had given rise to ami
her of conjectures. An idle report was in circula-
tion at Naples, that the British had seized on Messina.
A long article is quoted from the Austrian Observer,
in which there is an attempt to give a connected view
cf the relations between the various rebellions which
have broken out in the Turkish dominions. From
this it would seem, that the enterprize of the Greeks,
properly so called, is confined to the Peloponnesus and
the Isles of the Archipelago, but that there it has
every chance of being triumphant. The revolution is
said to have been prepared by the Ileterists, a sect
analogous to the Carboriari of Italy.

The enti ance of the Tw ks into Bucharest is con-
firmed; but the only thing certain with respect to
YPSILANTI is, that he is still to take. Some ac-
counts represent him as daily increasing in force, and
others as quite deserted.
_ _

French Five per Cents. Tuesday, 86 fr. 50 c.

struction, are immediately attached to the axletree by joints.
There has been a farther arrival in town of letters But the greatest novelty and advantage (if, indeed, so ingenious
from Consta-atinople, to the Jlth ultimo. One letter an evasion of the duty be not of tantamount importance) is the
manner by which the horse, should he be restive or run off, may be
says—u Strange reports are current respecting Yest- instantly detached from the carriage by a simple operation of the
LAN r 1 and the number of his followers, but we pay driver. This is contrived, without any sacrifice of neatness, or of
ease to the horse or rider: the traces are short ; attached to each
little attention to them, as they deserve no more ere- is a email plate of iron so formed as to embrace three sides of
elk than those we lately beard regarding the Neapo- the square shafts : through the parallel sides of these irons is a
hole, as there also is through the shafts, to which they are con-
buns. The English here consider themselves per- sequently easily affixed by means of an iron pin. Directly over
fectly sale, while this Government is in existence.—
idg screwedfa fastened
to thet shaft:
through the
to!
, this
the
there
is
a top curve orbrideofstbrass le
Lord STRANGFORD, the British Minister here, lately of the pin, assoof this arch a strap
to pull it straight out;p when the pins are in
sent his Lady from this City ; but he stated to me in nixed another strap is put through them in the manner of a
linch-pin, to prevent them from starting out; the straps are, at
conversation, that it was in consequence of her ad- a convenient distance, united, and lead along the shafts to the
vanced state of pregnancy, and to avoid any ill effects front of the carriage, like a bridle. On pulling this, the straps
that fasten the pins below, being the shortest, disengage them-
which the disturbances might produce; not that he wives; and the upper ones then draw nut the pills: the horse,
was afraid that the commotions were so serious ; as with his harness, is thus at freedom in a moment ; and the
shafts, as the rein does not draw along them further than is ne-
under different circumstances, he should have taken cessary to pull out the bolts, are, by the same operation raised
U
j from the ground. The whole machine, which. is neatly painted
' •
S precaution..,
I.
and decorated, and is as handsome as any cunicle ' • weighs only
On the 14th, the reply of the Turkish Government . about ei cwt. and may be dragged about by a schoolboy.. The
the
and the
of
was given to the application of the Janissaries, which body
Aicst t hies ;ashem fea as r
f athat
do,
if a
ginegr.'s nianm4 h
contained a long list of grievances which they sought the waggon ; and above it, in Aiming, but not conspicuous let-
to be redressed. They were informed by the GRAND ten, is painted what may be seen on the street corners of every
town in Great Britain, from the Land's .End to Johnny Groat's
VIZI= that what they required should be granted, I noun, u Use Tosvais Biacklog."—(Literool Mercury.)
