Seventeenth Year of the Independence of Hayti."

Dolma, with his army, entered the Cape on the day
after this Proclamation, amid general rejoicings.
4. Such (says a letter received at Baltimore) was
the government of this monster (CHRISTOPIIE), as to
force into revolt a race of people whose ancestors,
emerging from the night of time, carried already on
their brows the indelible marks of submission and
slavery, and who may be truly said to have been
born in chains. Yet to this people, even, las govern-
ment was insupportable." •

The Paris Papers of Tuesday arrived last night.
The Chambers of Peers and Deputies were to meet
on Tuesday, so that in the Wednesday's Papers we
shall have his MAJESTY'S Speech on opening the
Session. The KING is said to enjoy a continuance
of the best health.

Tha intelligence in these Papers from Naples, is
not so late as that which has been received through
private channels. They, however, inform us, that the
Duke of SAN CATALDO, and Signor ORLANDO, who
figured during the disturbances in Naples, have (led
to Malta ; and that the brothers Micolout, who were

sought after on the same account, had gone to Genin.
According to these accounts, tranquillity had been
re-established in &day.

Letters from Vienna, of the 9th inst. say—n No
one can doubt the result of the propositions which
have been made to the King of NAPLES.; it is the
dominant party, and not the Monarch, who will re-
ply. It is on this supposition too probable that all the
military arrangements will be completed?
According to the latest news from Constantinople,
the GRAND SEIGNIOR was displeased with the slow
progress made by his army in the campaign against
A LI PACHA ; and especially, because the reinforcements
of men and artillery, which the Ottoman Commander
had demanded, had not been sent to him. The SEL-TAN
had, in a letter of his own writing, reprimanded the
GRA NDVIZIER, which caused that Officer immediately
,to hasten off the orders for the supplies required.--1
In consequence of this the Pasha of Thessalonica had
assembled a numerous body of troops, which was to
join the army of the Pehlivan Pacha. Reinforce-
ments had also been sent to ISMARL PACHA. Never-
theless, AL! continued to oppose an obstinate resist-
ance to the repeated attacks of the Turks. It was,
however, believed that some one of his followers
would be found who would save Wouelf by taking
away his life.

The French Five per Cents. left off on Monday at
78 f. e.

We have also received, at a late hour this fore-
noon, the Paris Papers of Wednesday, containing the
Speech of the KING on the opening of the two Cham-
bers on Tuesday. The Chambers were convened in
one of the Halls of the Louvre, which was laid out
for the purpose with great taste and magnificence.
Of the KtNo's Speech we have only time to give but
a very brief abstract.
His MAJESTY, after advertitig to the melancholy
fate of the Duke of Bantu, and the consolation
which he had received in the subsequent birth of an
heir to the Throne, congratulates the Chambers on
the continuation of peace, that source of all prospe-
rity. Time, we are told, has cemented the alliance
1 of which France makes a part ; an alliance wkch,
at the same time that it averts the causes of war,
tvill guard against the dangers to which social order,
lor the political equilibrium, mar be yd exposed.
Suth dangers, continues his Majesty, are every

•

day farther removed from France; yet he ca of
silent op this solemn communication with his people

maze serious events which, daring the course Of the
past year, have afflicted his heart. He feels happy
,in saying, that the plot with which his Family mid
the State had been assailed, had only called forth
stronger manifestations of the fidelity of the great
body of his people.
The internal state of the Kingdom is described as
most flourishing ; and, in consequence of the improve-
ment of the Revenue, and the economy which his
Majesty has prescribed, he is happy in being able to
announce, that a new diminution of the direct Taxes
will be proposed.
A strong declaration follows, of the views by which
his Majesty is guided in his public administration,
which he protests aims at no other object than to put
the Constitutional system, created by the Charter,
into the most complete and harmonious operation.

The modifications made in the Law of Elections
have, we are informed, produced all the advantages
which his MAJESTY anticipated. The force and in-
dependence of the Chambers have been encreased,
and thereby the authority and dignity of the Crown
additionally sustained.
His MAJESTY concludes with declaring, that it is
to accomplish the designs which he has in view for
the good of France, that he desires to_ see his days
prolonged ; and that, as the Chambers may be as-
sured of his firm and inviolable good-will, he trusts
to their loyal and constant support.
After the KINO had concluded, all the new Depu-
ties who were present took the oaths.

The CHANCELLOR then declared, in the name of
the Klarc, that the Session was opened, and invited
the Chamber to proceed on the next day to business.

The KING retired amid reiterated acclamations of
rive le Rol 1

Five per Cents.—Tuesday,"Bfr. 15c..

We regret to have to announce that on Thursday
night those extensive, elegant, and far-famed pre-
mists, the Kingston, or Lower Assembly Rooms,
Bath, were totally destroyed by fire. The loss of
preperty is stated to be very great. The insurances
effected amount to £13,400.

We are extremely happy to say, that the Duchess
of CLARENCE and the infant Princess ELIZABETX are
going on so extremely well, that Sir HENRY Hit.-
, roan and Sir WILLIAM KNIGHToN only occasionally
call in upon the Duchess, and the care of her Royal
Highness is now left to Dr. HALLIDAY, her Royal
Highness's regular Physician. The Royal Duches;
has sat up for several days past, and is gaining strength
very rapidly. The infant Princess ELIZABETH im-
proving daily,
Yesterday, the Princess AUGUSTA had a party of
distinguished characters at her residence at Frog-
more, to meet the Kurt.

Thursday, his ....m.tassrr, accompanied by the Da•
chess of GLeucssr Ica and the Princess AUGUSTA, ho-
noured the Earl and Countess of HARCOURT with
their company to dinner, at the Noble Earl's seat St.
Leonard's Hill.
The good folks'of Norfolk appear to have been this year even
mere liberal than usual, in the transmission of Christmas pre-
sents to their London friends. The coaches from that prolific
County are laden so excessively with every description of pool.
try and game, as to be retarded several hours beyond the usual
time of their reselling the Metropolis. The Norwich long coach
was this morning so crammed with turtles, that there vraa not
room left for even one passenger.

Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East-India House, when Captain C. Ripest was sworn
into the command of the ship Princess Charlotte of
Wales, consigned to China direct.
A letter from Rio Janeiro, dated October 25, says,
" The Creole frigate has arrived is 38 days from
Lisbon, and numerous reports were immediately in
circulation of changes said to have taken place in
Lisbon ; the consequence of the movements at Oporto.
The Ministers are reported to have sent for the Cap-
tain of the vessel, and to have reprimanded him for
nut keeping secret what he had seen ; and that his
reply was, that he could not be responsible for the
indiscretion committed by his crew, and that in his
country the people were in the habit of talking freely
on public events."
The following is an extract of a letter from Per-
nambuco, dated the 11th ultimo; _

Affairs are in a dreadful state in this Province.
The late act of butchery, which is here termed the
Battle of Bonito, has caused a't impression which
will not be easily effaced, and is by some thought
to be only the forerunner of more serious disorders.
The Insurgents, as they are called, are described as
having been a peaceable, though deluded, set of men;
they believed that King Sebastian would, one day or
other, return and put things to rights; and were
averse from, and would not submit to, the military
despotism ich is exercised throughout the country,
by the petty delegates of power. Their contumacy
was exaggerated ; and Luis do Rego (who served
under Wellington), sent two battalioniof Cagadores,
with as many of militia, and a troop of horse to ex-
tirpate the rebels, which they did most effectually,
and returned to Recife' with all the s pomp and
circumstance of war,' bringing captive divers old
women and children, decrepid old men, and a few
boys. The Royal loss amounts to 178 killed and
wounded ; that of the other party is not known. Bo-
nito is about 30 leagues distant from Recife. The
cream remains : Madureiro, who is a Major com-
manding the militia of the district, was made Chief
of the expedition. Sa, a Lieutenant-Colonel of the
Cacadores, was piqued at this, endeavoured to get to
the windward of the other, and, by forced marches,
put an end to the affair before the militia came up.
It, however, so happened that they both arrived, by
different routes, at the same time; and those who are
disposed to be charitable say, that Sa, mistaking the
other party fbr the enemy, ordered his men to fire
without asking any questions; the consequence was,
Sa lost 44 men, and Madureiro 134. The mistake
might well have happened, as the militia were in
their shirt sleeves, having been sumnumed too hastily
to think of their uniform."

me—,n

Rte.

I

.

OtiORD ADDRESS.

TO TUE JDITOR OP THE ST A*:
_ Otroaroi Dacsmsca 18, 1816.

Stst—You will, ere this, hiss 4 seen an Adclrer:
voted by the Corporation Chamber of this City. I
take the liberty of apprizing you of some ciicurr..
stances connected whh it.
• Six of the City Magistrates (nearly equal to yo!i,
eight City Aldermen in. talont) Sent a Requisition to
the Mayor, requesting him to call a Council to at.
dress the LNG. The :Mayor accordingly issued his
Precepts summoning k Council; when an Address to
the Km; was moved and carried unaninionsly.
The Corporation consists of a Mayor, Recordyr,
and eleven other Magistrates, two Bailiffs, t„,
Chamberlains, and about. seventy otlKr Membe:s,
including twenty-four Common Councilmen, why
represent the Freemen at large ; out of which mon.
her, with great exertion, forty were assembled, that
number being absolutely necessary to make a Council.
It has been customary, whenever a Council Ls
been called for a particular purpose, to express it
the Precepts, but no such notice was given, nor we;e
any of the Members of the Council apprized vf it,
save the said six sapient worthy Magistrates tind
their friends—this I conceive to have been smugglior;
an Address. Had it been publicly known that a
Requisition had been signed, these said Magistrate.
probably anticipated a Requi,ition would also have
been presented to address the QUEEN, or that those
Members who disapproved of an Address to the
KING, would have moved all Amendment.
The real fact, however, is too notorious to be con-
cealed. The Members of the Council Chamber. with
scarcely au exception, are tia.!esinen tin
the University : and some o: the Membeis of the
Council, who had heard .1 the intended A.:dies,
and disapproved of it, staid away, not choo.iog
give it sanction by their pre,ence, nor bei:.g
enough to oppose it, least they should Ouciiii.e
marked men.

I cannot conclude without stating, that on Sun-
day, the 3d instant, the ltev. W. CROWE, B.C.L.
and Public Orator of this University, preached a
Sermon before the Coiporation, for the benefit of
the Blue Coat Charity in this City, and in the Pra)( r
before the Sermon, he prayed for our gracious
Queen CAROLINE, to the great astonishment of his
auditors. lam informed this very respectable and
learned Divine has expressed his determination, upon
all occasions where he may preach, to pzay for his
QUEEN ; and this Gentleman has stated, that until
the QUEER.S name is directed to be omitted in the
Liturgy by an Act of Parliament, he should con-
skier himself bound to pray for her.
I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,
VERITAS.

P.S. Since writing the above, a Requisition has
been presented to the Mayor, requesting the use cf
the Town Hall, to receive signatures to an Address
to the Qtrze.w. The Mayor refused. A room in'
respectable house has since been procured, and an
Address is this day laying there for signatures.
