COUNTRY MARKETS.

NEWARK, No,. 17.
The market was but thinly supplied with el her sellers or per.
chasers; not so the samples, they were numerous, particularly of
Barley, a great many of which were not sold. Is the Wheat marker
we cannot loots any alteration. Barley was from Is to Ss a quarter
cheaper. Baas were is lower, and Old the same. Oats cheaper.
Currency as under :
Wheat - - - . 65s to 741
Barley, New - . . 34. to 45s
Oats - - . - 20. to 26.
Beans - - - . 43. to 48.
Ditto, New - - - —s to 40s
NOTTINGHAM, Nov. 20.
No greater evidence is required, to prove that the London Markets
now do not interfere or affect the large Country Market., than Not-
tingham presented on Saturday. The market was flat Mr all sorts of
Grain. In Wheat there was no Alteration in price, but purchams were
nut to be found to any extent. Barley was full 24 per qr lower. Oats
the same as last week. Beans no alteration. Currency a. under :
Wheat - • - . 634 to 745
Barley, New - - - 36. to 46s
• Oat. - . - 25. to 301
Oats, New - . . - 20. to 26s
Bean. - - . . —s to 45.
Ditto, New - . - —a to 405
LINCOLN, Nov. 19.
The supply of all Grain was very good, and there appeared not
much dampnes. in the purchasers. the London Market maintains
its price, and gives encouragement to country buyer.. Currency as
under :.....
Wheat -
Barley -
Oats -
Ditto, New
Beans
Ditto

- 624 to 72.
. 31. to 411
- 25. to 28.
- 184 to 26.
- —s to 461
- 579 to 401

RETFOR CI, Nov. kn.
We had a very numerous attendance at this day's Market, but
ales were by no means brisk. The best parcels nt Wheat barely
maintained the prices of this day se'nnight, though the article Ca.
scarce, and from the Information which we have received, it appears
likely to be scarce, as the farmers complain, with the exception of
last year, it has not yielded so badly for several seasons past. Inferi•.r
qualities were more plentiful, and sustained a reduction of from 64 to
is per load. Making Barley is scarce, but there is nn alteration in
price worth noticing. Grinding parcels are very scarce, and obtained
from 361 to Sfla per quarter. In Otto there is no alteration. Good
Beans sold freely, particularly new ones, as much as from iSs to 1611
tad per load being obtained for the driest parcels. Peas were plentiful
and in demand, but we cannot notice any material alteration in price,
which may likewise be said of all other descriptions of grain.
Wheat, good - - - 245 to 26s 6J per load.
Do. middling . . . 22. to 113 s 6.1 do.
Barley making - -38 a to 43s per qr.
Do. grinding . - XBs to 334 do.
•
Oats good -26 a to 331 do.
•
Do. inferior . . - 21, to 25s do.
Beans, - . its to 17s lid per load.
Rye, - . . - ILa to tag do.
Peas, - - - - lls to 15. do.
SLRA FOIL D, Nov. 112.
We had a very small attendance at market to-day, being Folkingham
Fair. Prices toe all descriptions of Grain remain much as last quoted.
Currency as under:—
Wheat, t ew -
(km new .
Barley. new .
Beans,

• 65 to 701 pet qr.
• 224 to 1160 do
• Us to 411 s do.
-40 s to 44. do.

NEW BISHOP or Exemett.—A .Meeting of the Dean and
Chapter of the See of Exeter was held on Monday in the Catheth.l,
when, in pursuance of hie Majesty's magi dialler., the Right Rv. Fs.
Met in Goo, Dr. Phillpotta, was elected to the See of teeter, vdcans
by the translation of Dr. Bethel to that of Bangor.
M. T. Sadler, Esq. M.P. we are confidentially informed,
has received an invitation to become a candidate for the honour of rt•
presenting the county of York, upon the vacancy occasioned by Me.
Brougham being appointed Lard Chancellor. We would only add that
although we should regret having another election, if it be for the ad-
vantage of the country, the sooner the better. We hear that Earl Hare.
wood, Earl Mexborough, I,ad Feversham, and Fountayne
Esq. have tendered to him their interest and support • to which list of
au may be addd the great body of commercialists.
priAITGERs Or A GENTLEMANLY APPLANANCE.--The
Brighton Geordies says the following notice has been extensively
circulated in that part of the country :—•• To the inhabitants of the
town of Worthing and parish of Broadwater. You are eansesly re-
quested to apprehend and deliver to the peace officers, who will imme.
irately take them before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as the
law directs' ce all suspicious persons having the appearance of pen*.
men ! ! or other., travelling in catrtaget, or on horseback, or on foot,
who may inquire of you the names of any of your tellow.inhabitants
or neighbours, or the particular of their property, as they are supposed
to be incendiaries travelling through the kingdom, and who, by burn.
ing the farming stock, ate. deprive the labouring classes of their usual
employment, and also abridge them and others of the common neces.
satinet life."
In consequence of Mr. Brougham accepting office, a
vacancy will occur in the representation of this county. Report ham al-
ready mentioned several candidates : we have heard the names of the
following gentlemen very confidently spoken of as likely to come for-
ward for the vacant seat—C. Wood, Rag. J, Ramaden, bog. Sir John
Johnstone. Bs t. and Geo. Strickland, Km. eldest son of Sir William
Strickland. These gentlemen, we believe, are all friendly, though, per.
haps, in different degrees, to Parliamentary Reform, and of course to
liberal pol cy. The latter Is a strenuous advocate for reform, and a
most detrrmtned toe to n - slavery. M. Radler, Esq. has also been
spoken of, but we do not bear that the report of his entorward
WM , upon such good foundation as does that of the other gentlemen we
have enumerated.— Fort Courant

CANNING •ND WELLINGTON.—Some people think it
strange that the declaration of the Duke of 'Wellington against reform
should cause his downfall. when it is recollected that the late Mr. Can.
ning, on assuming the other of Premier, in len, made a similar decl&.
ration on the same 'object, and yet continued a favourite with the
country. Hot the eases are not parallel. The necessity for reform was
not then so generally admitted as it is at the ;Present period, nee was the
cry for it then, as now, universal. Mr. Ceasing, with all his art,.
reform prejudices in existence, would, were he now alive, be rot lied,
by dm term of opinion, to yield 'the point to the demand. a Mr
"tie M ERCIAT, L RAris A prospectus ban .beta
' hatted by Lieutenant Morrison, of Liverpool, to form a telegraph from
Diver to Liverpool. by way et Lmition sod Birmingham. fog .he nip. •
trance of messages. orders, intelligence, at the rats of WO raise
in IS mimeses. is to be devoted chiefly to the tiee of commercial
, tees, tied Dloramais may be awn .ek.e.peetect reatry. The cost o'l4
establishment Is estimated at 3,0091. The only defect ht
graphic commaskation, but which is a serum, drawback on its
wondrous powers, is that it cssit.ot Os used in hay weather.-. rot*
Comm&
