THE PEER PILL.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
NEW SOUTH WALES.—[P the Sydney Meow
It is generally understood that Sir Edward Parry has 0ur,...
to commence a whaling establishment at Port Stephens, or oga the
river Manning, on a scale commensurate with so rich and @stem
she a corporation, and to let all the faints and buildings at Poet
Stephens to farrows, who, in the crews of the whams, are to Ind a
peoxinute market he their meat, grain, and ether produce. We
molder whaling to be a rational adventure i end that while it will NlllllllRitt the company, it will, at the same time, accelerate tie
wealth, imponance, and prosperity generally. of New South
Wake. At the annual conference with the Aborigine at Perm meta, en Wednesday, his Ezeellatcy and suite were seat de
usual ; the venerable the Archdeacon also attended. About rbout I 1
bread
blacks assembled
and , and, after having bees regaled with weak grog,
beef, and the usual accompaniment of either a Minket,
jecket, pair of trousers, era shirt, they_gave the Governor three
Mews, and the meedag broke up. wee Ws cam
The women who were a iew months since landed from the Lae,
Davidson are so very troublesome, being continual
before the pollee Mice, that the magistrates are of
are the most evil-disposed crew that have been landed
colony foe many a day. It is reported to be the Wades
of a large mercantile house in Sydney to commence mennfam
twine paper at the UMW mills, on the Beeany.tood, from cast.

Jas. 9.1

• GERMAN PAPERS.
BANNS or TUZ DAUWIIi (beginning of Alay.).-If the peace
of Europe depended an the punctual execution of the Treaty of
Adrianople, we are inclined, by the Lot authentic accounts Iron
Soria, to think that it is in danger of being distuthO, notwitb•
steadies the hopes wind by the details of the Sere6o National
Assembly, and she panic accounts friar St. Petersburg and Con-
stantinople.
The 4th article of the sspeeste Convention annexed to the Treaty
4%. of A
ises=thatas as mesa as the lest 100,00Saiduests of
6t of the Trolly reipasias dunk 11: sore
11 be caspistekr
Arnica
mama sad &limed a the Rada traps,
en
dip deals* it the exchange at the istlications,
the Paula Away dal maid kirk Ham, Lk Harps, Ms.
as, kids. aid Mkt awes, which shall be hanteasesly delivered
up to the asehadist appointed by the Poets. The Riunlans have
placed in the Tabs sagas of adds,* which is used, but an.
merited by shwa, he the ppm. st the 1011,000 Amu, sad at the
giving up aidewesnom ad mai palicatiat at the Sal Shalt
reeptedag Owls, they was estbasi, ad, without ersidag the ma.
pieta *wean's. at ankle 6, nasaawd Airimspis, sal the odd
pisas.
This astahissee la she Pass hes boa rewarded It the me Ts*
ish wawa. As bag es the Ihaskes we. at Adriadpk, As
Taub would sally has a add Da .la, bat tube at
aka a Sonia ; bet as sae as was swacralek they al
ast Yaw to reuse the keelpsnedat the els astells: eill mat
=la. yak
hada O paints, as ap If p
was aft liassat
WI st
s6er roduiPli a essaatedistr ta
the a. P

(Traititis to the ileac.)
Here the felon's danger ends:
Farewell, bloody toes I
Farewell, Englimd I we are quitting
Now thy &myna doors :
Take our blessing, ea we're flitting—:
" Curse open thy shores !"
Farewell, England I—honer nurse
Of all our wants and sins !
What to thee's the felon's curse ?
•
What to thee who wins ?
Murder thriveth in thy chks--
Famine through thine isle :
One may cause a down ditties,
But each.: scarce a smile:
May our traders grumble when bread is high,
And your farmers when bread la low ;
And your pauper beats, sauce two feet high,
Lem more than your nobles know
May your sick have frosty se foggy weather,
And your convicts all sheet throats
And your bloodAtsvend hankers e'er hang legetber,
And tempt ye with ano.pound sotto
And so, with besiggr Is peer jaws,
And peril Wain yaw keeset,
And Meet mid, se pent your laws,
Fee these eft—per the beet
Armen so Iltgimilt wee and weal I
_ • For atitheleei. se Mid MO*.
May thi; ono mash mho they west amok
A season to vans emus max
J. BETIIIitL.
se j
Garen.—We have the satisfaction of laterally
loaders, that our advises from all perm if the osuany mate,,
iag lease he &brier
rd:hssie
istreery pearls of gnat ahent of pine la the sp.,
peeeeh

.1 •

-- .t:.I

The Duke of WELLlifilA.ltt t;;vhafg that the Beer Bill be
ad a second time, said that the object of the Bill was to give beer
a cheap rate to the poorer dames of the community. This bill
is not introduced into Parliament until a Select Csimittss had

pronounced upon the propriety of its introduction. the &imams
to the bill were confined to two points first.with helperolo ale!**
and g,od order of society, and secondly, that the preens new seams
beer would be open to unfair competition. He dialed that there
would be such a disadvantage to the publicans by the arcades of
the bill, for the foamed consumption would act se east &E to the
additional competition.
The Duke of RICH WIND said that he approved of the petite!.
pie of the bill, but he objected to beer being drank upon the pre-
mise.. He also thought that time ought to be given to publicans
to get out of their business.
The Earl of MALM ItSBURY said that the profits of the publi-
cans were not so large as stated by the noble duke. The principle
of the bill was, it was said, to reduce a tax amounting to three mil-
lions, which pressed upon the poorer classes of twdry. Now he
thought that the reduction of duty upon windows, candles, and soap,
would be more beneficial to the poor. This would be a reduction
to the extent of 2.000,0001 The reduction of the duty on beer,
he contended would not be generally beneficial ; it would
be confined in its operation. He had taken the trouble to in-
quire. and he found that, in Middlesex and Surrey, which contained
one million and a half of penons,2oo,oool. of beer was apemen, sold.
This would make a reduction in the year of Ili. 6d. s-bead on the
inhabitants of Middlesex and Surrey. Now with respect to the
other ten million and a half of the inhabitants of End, there
was only a reduction to the extent of 4a. Id. a-head. He would
move an amendment, but would not press it. The amendment was
to this effect, that the bill be read a second time on Tuesday next
and that in the meantime a Committee should be appein to in-
quire into the laws and regulations relative to the sale of beer, sad
report the same to the house.
The amendment was put and negatived.
The Earl of FALMOUTH denied that the bill in question
would be attended with advantages to the lower orders. It was sa-
erlficing morality to the Interests of the revenue.
Lord TEYNH AM was in favour of the bill and wished the du-
ties to be taken of malt also.

The Duke of WELLINGTON replied, sad contended that the
muster* before the house was strictly intended to benefit the poorer
classes of society.
After a then discussion between Lad Rfienborough, Earl
Malmesbery, Lord Falmouth, Lord de Dunstanvllle, and the Duke
of Richmond, the bill was read a second time, and ordered to be
committed on Thursday.
Counsel end witnesses were then called in, sad the latter examined
in support of the East Retford Elective Franchise BW —The house
adjourned at the usual hour.

HOUSE OF COM MONS, JULY &
Petitions were presented by Mr. E. Davenport from Macclesfield,
against the ante= of over working children in factories ; by Mr.
O'Connell, film a person practising in the Prerogative OS= in
Dublin, kr cassia aeons in that cow g by. Lord fro
msera slavery I by Mr. nume, from a person
Litteesedeffittill=l a stains. complaining of the duties on quo*
msildnes ; by Ma Watbanses, from the physicians sad toembine
of the Westminster Diermiey, relative to the study of anatomy is
by Mr. Hume, Rom certain individuals connected with the survive's;
of
the
hmalrish tontine, complaining of ths regulation of that seta=
blisn.
Mr. W. WHITMORE moved for a returs of the exports to
sod imports from the East Indies and China during the last year.
The Honourable Member then gave notice of a motion, to be
brought forward early in the next Session, upon the subject of the
East India and China trade.

ao6al DUTIZIII BILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the
report of the Committee oo this Bill, which was ammted to, sod
the Bill ordered to be read a third time to.morrow.

SPLIT? DUTIES BILL.
The CHANCELLOR d the EXCHEQUER brought up the
report of the Coalmines on this bill, which hating been assented to,
the bill was ordered to be reed a third time to-morrow.
WEST INDIA SPIRITS DILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the
report of the committee on this bill. The report was assented
and the bill ordered to be read a third time tamortow.

TIMS 07 TIM DZIIIIII OT TUX CROWN.
On the 000100 01 Mr. HUME, this bill was read a third time,
and parsed.
Sir H. PARNELL moved for certain returns relative to '
number of four.wheol and other carriages used during the last
years.
Mr. HUME moved for a return of the charges collected at
ports for the year ending the 6th Jan. IMO.
Colonel SIRTHORPH wished to know whether there
any intention of bringing forward a measure to put down
suctions ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER had sot made
his mind en the subject.
Mr. lIUMt moved that certain reports of that house of the
aims 1803 and 1815 be reprinted.—Ordered.

faithful
MESIIMM EPROM Mt MAJESTY.
Bkr R. PERI. appeared at the bar of the house, and said that
in hie hand the following Message from his Majesty :
" His Majesty has received the loyal and dutifol Address of
faithful Caaunass in answer to his Message, and his Majesty le
that the Hone of Commons will apply themselves without delay
make the temporary provision for the pithily mice between the ►
rogation and dissolution of the present Perim:tent, and the
ibling of the new Parliament."
1 On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCIII
his Cyder Duties Bill was read a second time, and

committed its.morruw.
Sir A. GRANT brought up the report on the Crown . r,
Bill, which befog areal to, was ordered to Le read a third date
morrow.
The house that resolved Writ into a committee on the W.
Sugar Bill. The clauses west agreed to.
The hous • resumed, and the report was ordered to be brim&
10-111011011.

ingin Tit ILESEXCY.
Mr. R. • GRANT trussed the Rouse would see the diSculty .
width he had charged himself, is Winging *mud the soden
shish he bed gime notice es a femme mains. The at -
dimly conneeted with the inslll.lll.lllllll welfare of the ...
k was one, the circumstances globs rise to which, wee if nth
irs to throw the eessary kW Iliamilag ; the Mashie,
width, however, emeasaded it, evils set to deter •
, calling the immediate Meads* of thellouse to the ..b
It wee me Odle slims hapernmes se the mussy at
It was net hompeleth *is that Mem te tabs late he semi*
the amosity theme ems the ow ammomest to he math te tom_
'the sodessessif the isinsilphy ova dile cessay. is the emit
the sedliss isitimeof the Deers. Ifs would semetikelem hem
*and that is seams, &sold ham
_waasdi wilksiwthisst
Rs leamdedi to swim* fa the ac pasha et eliklissme as
of the stem health dowseeists open the
a wouptutiessl wow* weft isih, matileag dr

.—.....m..--.... -- s atmommor a ownioustiOn 10110! area WIIII the kW Wady
just
her ail
monthszutastefal •••1 cong„t•diste you on the trioquWity which prevails In all the swa
atset r This eahjilliet.Thiche sir,. tit! he, a pH
ear debatetame your ea.
pethisms
waseilesssoUSEssd(WhyChiOeM.
ILMODaNeSeu,
pustJuLrfsetti&
hisedesfiehi,
ibcrutlhe end"Cif4T;inuity TiW
erm and and
ttrw
w provinces of the empire.
he long vacation and suppate that he had a wife enceinte, and nMy minister and secretary of state for the alum of Notice will length sr them. ea the early am ofle a „wee et ow against thiamine diner-working children in factories;_ by Mr.
hree or four children whom he wished to provide for. It would be make known to you, in the form required by the constitution, the den vagina; (I think he mk by Mr. StulteVerdey,l 6 - O'Connell, fano • PIM practicing in the Prerogative O' in
rery natural that, looking to the uncertainty of life and the danger motives which obliged the government to suspend for a time some fag the thee Princess of Wales. The evening came. the • Dublin, for meads reheats in that court; by Altborp, from
if the whole peoperty, in the event of his sudden death before the of th„eatati„ of magyar liberty in the province of (harm was crowded, eves to the side galleries, and below the bar. We Kettevios, asps slavery Iby Mr. Hume, from a passe
the
of these four months, he should be anxious to sulfa a e. Vigilant and zealous in maintaining good order, I consider it all ordered our carriages and servants at sae o'clock in the awed Al= nadent, complaining of the duties on quack
=ovary. and thereby bar the entail, and have it in his power to die. my indispensable duty to remind you of the necessityof repressing, expecting a hog, animated, and 'supermen debase. mare the Inalleime_. Jursteedr. Wadsassess, from the physicians and sambas
Dispommry, relative to the study of anatomy;
met of his property for the benefit of his family. Well, he goes to by legal mesa, the abuses which continue to be mode of the liberty lion came on, howevet, SCOW member on the ministerial side l'r the W
tit Attorney, and the Attorney agreeing with him proposes to con- of thepass throughout the whole of the empire. Such an abuse th„tanding „der for the „dude, of „mom. what au the by Mr-Hum, front metals individuals connected with the survivors
cult one of the Learned Gentlemen opposite, probably the Soli- threatens great evils, which it belongs to the assembly to avert. consequence it We had nobody but ourselves to talk to; and we of the Irish WO", cotes af tha regulation at that cam-
:hoe-General, as most conversant with the disposal of proper% " The affairs of finance and justice, which I have so often re- seen grew tired of that. The debate was all over end the House bliehment•
if this description. The Attorney states the case, and tel mended to your notice, merit from you all that attention and adjourned, by eight o'clock; and 1 recollect 1 weals time, after it, Mr. W. WHITMORE moved for a mum of the exports to
if that his client has just succeeded to the estate under cad which the country hopes to experience on the pert of its re. for hampace at Dnery.lane Theatre 10 and imports from the East Indies sad China during the last year.
he circumstances I have mentioned, end t° that It le ne• presentative.. The improvement of these two important branches Fiasco's Magazine displays likewise much and varied talent. ..__The._ Honourable
earl
bin_ then gave notice or_a
ettmohdietli:,
ofto
the
essay to do something before the long vacation. What would of the public administration is of vital interest for the prosperity The strictures of the first article, we think, are too same on the pre. brow ht forward early mme next glum sue
East India and China trade.
ny learned friend say, if we are to trust the speech we have just tho empire.
sent Administration; but ably argued. The article en the East
ward ? He would exclaim, Go to, indelicate man that you itre—.. " The army and the navy cannot fail also to obtain your atten- India Question is admirably lucid; sad, if goaerally read, SOOAR DUTIZS DILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the
A laugh) You an Attoenef•—(Laughter.) You a Pow" °°° Pion; the former needs to be placed on a firm and regular tootle would, we conceive, obviate some great errors at present very
Ina to WI yourself a gentleman. "out, out.(ieughter), out of and the latter requires some indispensable reforms. The geog d. current. " The wounded spirit" like all continuations, must, we rellort of the Conintittee 0121 this Bill, which wu meseted to, gad
ny chamber—out of my sight..-(Laughter.) Talk not to me of cal situation of the empire dictates the maintenance of sea and fear in consequence of its being continued, wound the spirit of the the Bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.
fines and recoveries, or of bating entails, while the late tenant in
writer, although evidently a man d genius. " The letter o 111411 T DUTIES DILL.
forces ually ss at once prudent and necessary. tail lies yet unburied in the halls of his ancestors.—(Shouts of .. The slave trade bag ceased, and the Government is determined Q•Mouxarrir,” and the " denies dan Editor." we din. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the
laughter.) Talk not to me of your recoveries, or of the danger of to employ all the means which good faith and humanity demand to like for reasons already stated. We would recommend to report of the Committee on this bill, which having been assented to,
delay—the late talent in tail lies yet unburied, and it would be in- prevent its tin under any form or pretest abaterm. I con. Sir. Faasza—lf really a Scotsman—to correct what he may the bill was ordered to be read a third time so-morrow.
decent, in the highest degree, to discuss such a question at grebe
in-
der it, therefore, an Indispensable duty to point out to you the ad- give to the public as Scotch, in future : for "Ma Margo. WEST INDIA SPIRITS JUL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER be sight up the
--(Shouts °I. /aughtee' in which all the members scented to tit% vantage of facilitatingt the introduction of labourer. Laws which rims" la not terorrh ; nor do we conceive it tam be a personal oe-
except the hon. gentleman alluded to.) A sort of collateral e authorize the distribution of uncultivated lands, and secure the cullarity in Ebony. On the whole, DO one moving to the walks report of the committee on this bill. The report was assented to,
was also tried last nieht--the claim of the Duke of Cumberland
and the bill ordered to be read a third time tomorrow.
to be Regent. The Solicitor-General observed, "He had under. may
yliful don of the contracts entered into with colonists, will of British literature, should omit to read both BLACKWOOD and
FILES ON TUE DEMISE OF Tele CROWN.
stand that an honourable and learned member had declared that, industry improvement utility and
highly advantage"' to
cur
gases]
Faasca. We only take the liberty of recommending to them, as
..._..On the motion of Mr. HUMS, this bill was read a third time,
improvement on the points we have indicated. %Vs extract, es the Heir Presumptive had an undoubted right
.t° succeed e° t" " The education of youth, which has constantly been the object our toll from ?saga, some stanzas from the farewell of a =evict wu Puma*
Regency, and that eo Mr. Pitt had considered it." (hit. Bleuof my imperial solidtude, wires all your attention. It is nem& to Britain ; which, if not poetry, contains, we fear, some severs .Sir H. PARNELL. moved for certain retains relative to the
mid his statement was, that the Heir Presumptive
number of four-wheel and other carriages used during the last five
a right, but a paramount claim.) " The Solicitor-General eon.
cam airy that the principles et the Catholic Apostolic Roman religion truths :
which we profess, and the precepts of Christian morality, should be Row us on, a felon bond, years.
tinned : Mr. Pitt had never so considered it. In that part of
Sir. HUME moved fee a retina et the charges collected at the
the debate, Mr. Pitt had only said, that the claim of the Plant carefully taught and media in all the elementary schools in the Farther out to sea,
ports for the year ending the 6th Jan. 1830.
empire. Till we lose all sight of land.
of Wales was ace which was deeming of serious consideration ;
Colonel SIBTHORPB wished to know whether there was
" !leave to the consideration of this assembly the matters to And then—we shall be free 1
any intention of bringing forward a measure to put down mock
but he denied that, in any pan of the debate, Mr. Pitt had which / hare directed its auentisn. I put my trust in the wisdom Row us on, and loose oar fetters I
ever treated it as a claim—that he admitted, directly
auctions ?
tiv frith' and patriotism which I expect to peed& over the labours of the Yee ! the boat makes way t
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER had not made u
redly, to be unanswerable. Mr. Pitt had only put it en the present „mien, and to caw down upon the legislators the bane. Let's say N good bye" unto our hears,
•
ground of expediency, whilst 31r. Fox (he must say
his mind en the subject.
with even dictions of a grateful country. And, hey for a brighter day !
Mr. lIUMe. moved that certain of that house of the Ses-
respect for that great man's talents) had put forward the .. August sad worthy Representatives of the Nation, I reckon en Farewell, juries—jailers—friends . sloes 1803 and 1816 be reprinted.— .
most extravagant doctrines that had ever been promulgated on that your cm'operation. prove ilud you are Brazilians, that you ham
subject, either in or out of the House. So that if the Address bad eig dr in Thy, me general interest a' Bruil, the ooasolidatioe of the (Traitors to the close,) .
IIESIANZ FllOll Uhl DIAIESTY.
been carried, the next question would be the title of the Duke of mosaic- Here the felost's danger ends : . . Sir R. PEEL appeared at the bar ot the house, and s,sid that be
Cumberland to the Regency. In the case of the late •Hilm. he ho-conmitutional representative system, and the splendour 4 • Fotewcll, bloody toes I • -in his hand die following Message from his Majesty
my Imperial throne.
Farewell, Engisod I we are quitting
" Ma Majesty has received the loyal and dutiful Address of his
would have succeeded in the course of nature to George the Third. '.. Tile Session is opened.
Now thy dungeon doors : - faithful Genoese in answer to his Message, and his Majesty hopes
But the Duke of Cumberland or his descendants may never succeed " THE CONSTITUTIONAL EMPEROR AND Take our blessing, as we're Ilittini•-; .• •
. that the Housed Commons will apply themselves without delay to
to the Throne of this country ; and is it not a hazardous attempt to PERPETUAL DEFENDER OF BRAZIL" " Corse open thy shores !•
place at the had of the Government the man who, if the Bove. - the temporary provision for the mildly mice between the ma
—.0.---
reign's existence be prolonged, may be excluded from all chance 4 Farewell, England I—boneat nurse . ion sad dissolution of the present Parltament, and the eklltth•
succeeding, but who would become undoubtedly King on the death • GERMAN PAPERS.
Of all our wants and sins ! • - Ming of the new Parliament."
of the Sovereign without iesue ? Verily, analogy seems to lead here of Eultrope depended
BA as or TUZ Donnas (begioniag of May.}.-If the peace What to thee's the felon's curse ? On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
011 pact gam the ual doe of the Treaty of
What to thee who wins ? •
to very perplexing results. , -
. -:. his Cyder Duties Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be.
Adrianople, we as inclined, by the last authentic accounts from
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. Scala, to think that it is in danger of being distuthO, notwith• Murder thriveth in thy cities-- committed to -morrow.
Famine through thine islet Sir A. GRANT brought up the report on the Crown Property
audios the hopes excited by the details d the Sere6o National
One may cause a dosen ditties, •- • Bill, which bet agreed to, west:edged to i.e read a third dare to:
NEW SOUTH WALES,—tII the.'ydney M0W1.41., Jae. ii.) Assembly, and the peens secounts from St. Palatka, and Con-
But each.: scarce a unite.' ~..... g
IMMO.
It is generally understood that Sir Edward Parry has directions stantinople. t
to commence a whaling establishment at Port Stephens, or on the The 4th article tithe sepimme Convention annexed to the Treaty May our traders grumble when bread is high, , The house then resolved Well lutes committee on the Ware .
And your kraus what bread is low ; Sew Bill. The clauses wese agreed to.
river Manning, on a Kale commensurate with so rich and eaten- of A that as sae as the first 100,000 ducats et
And your pauper brats, scarce two feet high, The haus • resumed, and the report was ordered to be brought
sive a corporation, and to let all the farms and buildings at Pon the is subjoin shall be paid, as sous as Article
Stephens to farmas, who, in the crews of the whalers, are to lad * 6 of the Treat, Inolintallli_ donio shall bo counPletoli
i%
Learn more than your nobles know ! to-morrow.
Pro market ke their meat, grain, and other predate. We executed, evocumal ad delivered to the Roesler wars May your sick have frosty se foggy weather, Tilt ILE•EXCT.
Anal your aancts all shun thetas ; Mr. R. GRANT trusted the House would see the die
easy , •
consider whaling to be a rational adventure; and that while it wit thee, and 'Mit eml am* AR the eschew* of the radiations,
remunerate the company, ft will, at the some time, seadwase dm the Bas Away shell wamods Kirk Hilisso, Ledo Dargati, N.
Addour blootheavend bankers e'er bass temether, which be had charged biologic is Winging forward tie soden
wealth, Importance, and it gnerally, of Nrw Smith hike* Mid Other Man% which shall be haneedlatdy delivered A tempt ye with simpound motes! • which he bed given notice on a flea* mooing. The suttjen
one tamely connected with the 111111.1teelld welfare of the Al
Wales. At the animal comftrence wits the Abodes' at Pam up to the anthsdate appointed by the Patna. The Ruseisas have And so, with haw is your jaws,
It was one, the circumstances gloat/ rise to which, Wife et wadi
net on Wednesday, his Excellency and suite were meson de phsed in the Take adores or madame, which is usual, but as. And peril Wide yea beau,
nature as to throw the country Imo semuniag ; the Madder •
usual; the venerable the Archdeacon also atteade. About ME mead by she., Ors the perm. if the 100,000 &eau, end oldie And a hard. geld, to mad your laws,
delimits. whisk, however, sagassied it, oaks net to deter a
blacks assembled, and, after having been regaled with weak grog, giving up Obieggewis as atlas*, publication et the HMI NNW Fes these eft--jsag the best :
two cabs the Immidimo Meads* of thellouse to the 1
bread and beef, and the usual accompaniment of either a blaming, reepectsus Norris, they were mai* wittiest sestina thecae. Phrewdl M Iltgimili wee and weal I
NIL It was sae dim lama hiegiermase to the country as ,;
lack", Pair of trousers, or a shirt, they gave the Governor three pies. *cantles of ankle 6, reasualed and the other _
_. • la eiethellini. so hold and Wilms
dare, ad the broke up. There was hide can • pima. May 114 mat grants doss they want amid, It was net imompsomt he that Ham to tabs leas its • •
tits amok dime we an mme amampeasat to be real to
The women who welled:l eve months since held Hem the This maiden. in-sire Peres has ban wearied in the awe Turlici A Nasal To TAME emus myna!
Davidson are so very troublesome, being isle manse. As long • the Reeskas nese at Adam= UM J. BETHEL. the amtimmard the floitrifirhy ever ddi away. to the need .
alliga dialosot the Crewe. Ile would wear lane
before the police dike, that the megistrates a7e.ositidso Mods would wally hive to add net de, bet sermemaseimplesne
.
Gaits.—We have the satisfaction of informing •• , dog she meow should havapp=eadatlVirell
are the most evthdisposed crew that have bees In Mai to SIMS j bin seen Ile wen "aglial4ellilY*
SS
colony for many a day. It reported to be the Mead* toot Wide to refuse itrte loteepsada the do dialdn. nil MS rill sedan, amenity *dykes from all Pant or the aoultaY awns li• 1.11.11"1"Ibmig gar the ettillie
of a large mercantile home In 13 to werawase simmthe. es dolma wain points, the of a essomiledate lo them barery riven of great alivus of pore la the ap.. or the MINI heel" dnamellaes Wil "
a geneptutioad aseaush vs* seas M are bai4l.4.
tulips paper at the Lachlan mills, on the pawl, boa NM. Alive the !realm Um. artlarasSiglistast tin aster Peumotioll $ Pettlehlui latamo••Noha &twig.** . ,
' • . . . . ... .. .., , . . ...
