6

THE IgVN

a'l4, STA It.

*" LONRON.
•
TO CORRESPONDENT&
The Second Letter of " A Barron," on tie Affairs of Pottage",
shall appear to-morrow

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1822.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Very little business doing in the market: Consols for the
Account 1121 to 1. ••
_ .

roans= 24AUXIM
There is a great bustle in the nnultet thin mornjng, and much
business has been done in all kinds of Foreign Securities.—Mr.
RT.LOOL3WI is said to be the person who will have the new
Spanish Loan of Two Millions One Hiradred Thousand.—Chi-
lan 89}, New Spanish 74, Old 89, New Prussian 90e Old
90, Russian 901, Danish 91, :Neapolitan Scrip 84i, Colom-
bian 95k.

STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.

This Market is rather heavy, in consequence of some large
tales, which have &Tressed the .prices, and more business has
been done within the last bourthan during the meaning. Coo-
-0)4 are 8t to 1126 ; and for the November Aecount, 826. The
first transfer in Reduced will be to-morrow. The Dividends
will be paid to the Bankers on Saturday, a$ on Monday to
the Public.

roaatax runos.
The price of New Spanish is up to this hourlf3i, and a good
deal of business is doing. .

PRICES OF STOCKS 'AT ONE O'CLOCK.
3 per Cent. Consols 82% 14 82 .
4 per Cent. New 1013/8 102
India Bonds 555. 545.
Exch. Bills (ELMO) ss. 6s.—Ditto small, 6s. Bs.
Bank for Acct. 254—C0n,01s tot Acct. 821/8 82.

We understand that twenty actions have beenosn-
trienced against persons transacting business in the
Foreign Funds, and signing their names to contracts,
although they are not licensed brokers.

We have received the French Papers of Monday,
which bring gratifying intelligence as to the affairs
of Greece. The accounts, which are contained in a
private letter from Vrachory, the capital of Etolia,
dated August 24, state that three victories have been
successively gained over the Turks, which have de-
stroyed their general plan of attack, and ruined their
army. It appears that the Turks first meditated an
attack on Etolia,which was put into a state of defence.
—l'he Acarnanians, on their part, firmly resolved to
vanquish or perish, burnt several of their towns and
villages of easy access, in order to leave no place of
refuge to the enemy, and repaired themselves to Ma-
crynoros, to defend their frontiers.
On the 10th July, CHOURSCHID PACHA, conform-
ably to the plan, divided his forces at Larissa in two,
unequal corps. One corps, about 10,000 men, was
commanded by flassaN Nona. This bold Com-
mander had promised, on pain of losing his head, to
make a passage for himself across the mountains of
Agrapha, to penetrate into Acarnania, and promote
the entry of the PACHA of Ain. A. The second Com-
mander• was to force the pass of Maciynoros, jt)in
Hassart PACHA, and then to penetrate with him into
Etolia, to conquer it.
CHOURSCHID PACHA, at the head of the larger part
of his army, arrived on the 16th of July at Zeitouni.
On the 20th, he attacked the Thermoplyrs ; the
battle took place at the pass of Plichitana. The Ge-
neral of the Turks, fertile in stratagems, took no part
in the contest, which he observed from a distance.—
His army was attacked in front, and on the right
flank, and broke in more than one place. The most
terrible carnage preceded the rout of the Turks..—
ODYSSEUS and CANTOGANNAC particularly' distin-
guished themselves on this day. The first repaired,l
with a thousand acts of bravery, the wrongs which
he had been driven to commit by his violent temper.
CHOURSCHID PACHA, after his defeat, was pursued,
to the opposite extremity of Trachis, where a great'
number of his soldiers also perished. Night put an
end to the pursuit.
At the same time HASSAN PACHA had penetrated
to Agrapha. The two Greek Chiefs, ALExts and
HUMARE, who occupied this country, had perceived
the blind confidence of this rash enemy : in order to
entangle him the better, they retreated as far as the
bridge of Caracos, vulgarly called Tutaraina. This
bridge, the work of the Romans, is the only one to
keep up the communication between Thessaly, Etolia,
and Acarnania. MARCOS BOZARIS setting out from
the latter country, arrived at. the same point one day
before HASSAN PACHA.

At the sight of the bridge of Caracos a sentiment
of horror prevailed in the mind of this Souliot Ge-
neral. It was before this bridge that his father,
CIIRISTOS BOZA ass, reposing on the faith of treaties,
was attacked, at his passing over with his family, by
13,000 Mahomedans. After the most heroic re-
sistance 300 Souliots perished, and 200 women,
pressing their infants to their bosoms, threw them-
selves from the rocks into the waters of the Achelous
to escape slavery.
MAncos, deeply penetrated by this sorrowful re-
collection, exposed to his troops, in a pathetic recital,
all the horror of the clime, and excited his compa-
nions in arms to take a brilliant and lawful vengeance.
(0 The manes," said he, " of the 900 brave men who
perished here, the spirits of the women are still wan-
dering on these rocks—an expiatory sacrifice of these
barbarians may appease them. Soldiers, we owe this
to those martyrs of liberty, and we will offer it to-
morrow F' The troops replied by a .general cry of
enthusiasm. Measures were then tam not to allow
any opening to the enemy.
Oq the mat day, at the anisal af•HYekwPaana,
