Sweepstakes of 100 gs. each, h. ft:for three-year-olds; colts, list.

71b;fillies, Bst. 41b. New mile.
Mr. Hunter's ch. c. brother to Cori°li -
Marquis of Exeter's b. c. Holbein - -
Even on brother to Corinli.—Won by two lengths.

.... _
The Noblemen and Gentlemen's Sweepstakes of 20gs. each, p.p.
for two-yr-olds; colts, Bst. 61b. fillies, Bst. 41b. Two-yr-old
Course.
Marquis of Exeter's b. f. Governess - - 1
Mr. Plater - s bl. f. Attleborough - 2
Mr. Fisher's ch. f. by The Flyer - - 3
Dr. Wiliis's b. c. Victory - - 4
Mr. L. lleathcote named 0.1. by Cavendish - a
Even on Governess.—Won by ahead.

A Gold Cup of 300 gs. value, by subscribers of legs. each, p.p.
the surplus to be paid -to the winner in specie. Three-yr-olds
to carry est. four, 7st. 71b. five, Sat. 71b. six, 9st. and agedi
9st. 21b: (hie four-mile heat.
Lord Clarendon's m. Antiope, 5 yrs old
Marquis of Exeter's Tipsy, 4 yrs old - g
Hon. Captain Percy named Civet, 4 yrs old 3
Lord Grosvenor's Michaelmas, 4 yrs old • 4
Won by a length-5 to 4 agst Antiope; 4to I apt Civet; S
to I apt Michaelmas.
The Noblemen and Gentlemen's Plate of £5O, by three-yr-olds,
colts to carry Bst. 21b. fillies, est. Once round to a heat ; the
best of three heats. -
Sir J. Byng's b. c. Tristram Shandy -
Mr. Villiers'i bl. 1. by Don Cossack -
Mr. Buckle's br. c. Farmer
Won easy.—Even on .Tristram Shandy.
BOXING. . •
The Fancy had an unexpected mustet yesterday, is Green
Meadows, on the Stanmore road. It was a trial match between
George Davis, a Welshman, who had fought his way up, and on
whom the Deputy Commissary had passed a promising opinion ;
and Oliver, a descendant of a game one of that name some years
ago. It was a hasty match for £5, but it turned out one of the
best fights that has been seen this year.
In the hrst round the men turned to with as much eagerness
as a hungry fellow would at a leg of mutton, and they hit each
other several times to a stand-still. The round lasted eight
mi-
nutes, and Davis threw his adversary a rattling cross-buttock.
The second round was equally courageously maintained, and
the claret crimsoned the ground. Davis was hit down by a right-
handed facer from a punishing rally.
3. The fastness war taken off the men, and their hitting be-
came lighter. It was a trial of strength; Oliver was thrown
heavily again.
4. The combatants having recovered second wind, turned it
to account again, and fought as brave a round as ever was seen;
they exchanged hit for hit more than a dozen times, tilt their
bands were swollen as round as dumplings. Davis closed the
round by throwing his adversary again, which made his bones
rattle. •
Two other rounds were fought, but Oliver was sick, and But.
chers' cordial was useless ; he fought this round gaily, and broke
his adversary's nose, but he was floored for it.
The sixth round won Davis the fight by a well-placed blow on
the temple, which sent Oliver to done, and be was senseless to
time. Davis will be a sacker, with some practice.

1
2 3
3 g

PEDESTRIANISM.
14TCIR TD DO FIUTZLN MILKS IN AN HOUR AND Scvaxirnt
Minuras.—Wednesday, Mr. I)oucLas, an Officer in the Army,
undertook to do the above match, a masterpiece of pedestrianism,
for a bet of 50 guineas, on the Watford road, over a three-mile
piece of ground. Ile did the first three miles in 17 min. SO sec.
the second in 18 min. '2 sec. the third in 13 min. 16 sec. the
'fourth in 18 min. 45 sec. The pedestrian had only five minutes
and seven seconds to do the last three miles in, when he gave
CRICKET.
A match of cricket, for 22 guineas, was played on South Sea
Common, Portsmouth, on Tuesday the 45th instant, between
11 of the best players of Havant and- Emsworth, against 11 of
the Portsca Island Club. The Portsea Island Club had first
innings, and got 105 runs. The Havant and Emsworth first
innings, 139. the Portsea went in for the second innings, and,
by sun-set, fetched 187 runs, and 4 wickets to go down. CAR-
/muss and GausiiB, two of the Portsmouth players, fetched
119 runs between them, and they were caught out suecessi7ely.
The Kemp match will be played at Stock Heath next Monday.
The Grand Cricket Match in Loan's Ground, between tea
Gentlemen, of the Mary-la-bonne Club, with STARKS, against
eights Gentlemen of the Club, with the txv, Asnsr, and Powsta,
wit decided on:Tuesday, in favour of the tea Gentlemen.
us. LLOYDS saDi. )111.• BUDD'S SID&
Ist Innings - 154 Ist Inniags
ed ditto 93 lid ditto
•

252 I
Mr. Bo„ won by nne wicket. The odds at starting were 6
to 4on Mr. I.Loyo; afterwards 6to 1 on ditto. It Came to 2.
to 1 e Ur. liveD.

'~

IF

LONDON.

FRIDAY, JUNE 213, IS2I.
THE FUNDS.

THE EVENING STAR.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

In the earlier part of the morning, the market was very heady,
and Consols were done at Sit; but an eminent broker having
pt,rchased One Hundred Thousand, got the market up ; and at
this hour, Consols are Sl* f for the Account, and Reduced 1101.
A report is prevalent, that Government are going to raise two
millions for Ireland.

FOREIGN Fusna.—Very little is doing in the market up to this
hour, and foreign securities of all descriptions are rather heavy.
/mulish 611 1 ; Chill= 80; Russian 83 (sellers); Prussian 87 ;
Danish 871; Neapolitan 7211; Colombian 102; New 84.

STOCK EXCHANGE—ONCE O'CLOCK.
The market has declined, in consequence of the sale of 4''90,000
Consols, and looks heavy.—Carrent prices :

Bank Stock 24214-3 pc. Ct. Redu.Bo3/1 1/2 Va %
3 per Cent. Cons. shut-3% per Cents. 90% 911/2
4 per Cts. 971/4 5 1/2-4 per Ct. New An. 98 IA 5/s
Bank Long Anns.2o 7-16 3/.
Imperial 3 per Cents. 791/2—lndia Bonds 48s.
Ezcheq. Bills of £1 ,000, 2s. pre. par, 2s. pre.
Do. of £5OO, Ss. pre. par—Do. Small, Ss. 6s. pr.
Consols tor Acct. 81% 3/$

The following is an extract of a letter from Con-
stantinople, dated the 26th of May, received by a
mercantile house from a Gentleman of the first re-
spectability :

“ CONSTANTINOPLE. MAT 22.

44 We do-not entertain the same hopes of a speedy
evacuation of the Principalities by the Turks, or a
termination of the existing obstacles. A small pro-
poi tion of the troops had retired, which is only con-
sidered an evasion for postponing the views of Russia.

" The Turkish fleet is off Scio, and the Greeks are in
view. The massacre of the hostages is likely t..) bring
down the vengeance of all the mediating Powers, and
especially Russia, as those hostages were chiefly en-
gaged in trade with the Russians.
" Lord STRANGYORD had remonstrated with the
Porte on its right of searching British vessels, to
which no answer whatever had been given, but was
treated with contempt."
Other letters from Constantinople assert positively
that the Turkish troops have not yet evacuated the
provinces, and that the Turkish Government are
merely deluding the Ambassadors, in order to gain
time. The expectation was, that war would ensue.
The following is a most heart-rending appeal from
the few remaining inhabitants of the lately flourishing
Isle of Scio, to their brethren and countrymen in this
kingdom. A whole population destroyed or carried
into slavery by the ruthless 'forks, and the Powers of
Enrore looking tamely on, without making an effort
to save the few that remain, or to avenge the death
of the thousands that have been massacred !

" CONSTAN n Nor LE, MA r .15, ]S!2.

" Deer and bi.loved Brethren and Countrymen—We doubt
not that the news contained herein must have already reached
you, and fallen like a acider-holt on your hears. What murc
dreadful than the knowledge that our illustrious and innocent
countrymen—ten of theta in prison here, and these in the castle
of Scio, ninety ire in all—universally esteemed and respected,
chosen and ha as hostages for more titan a y -ar past, have at
lot, without a single motive, without even the shadow of a per-
sonal accusatiwi against them, been bioJarously ex, euted ? We
at first deeply lamented the unmerited restraint put upon the
persons of those now no more; their death, and
cruel, in the first burst of grief neatli paralysed our faculties;
but these we look upon now as enjoyit.i, eternal and immutable
felicity; our pity is no longer their due, but it flows fur those
unfortunates who have survived, and who henceforth ire doomed
to tyranny unexampled in history, and privations of every kind.
Who can, without shuddering, read of the total ruin, the univer-
sal desolation of our famed and once happy isle (Selo); the de-
infliction of all its inhabitants, nearly one hundred thousand,
who, except a very few who almost miraculously escaped front
those ill-fated shores, have fallen victims to the sword, to fire,
burger, and slavery—that worst of all evils? Who can, without
feelings of indignation, without execrating the perpetrators of
these horrid acts, behold a whole city, lately so flourishing, now
ore heap of ruins; whole villages, innumerable country seats, a
prey to the flames ; our celebrated school, library. hospital for
the sick. hundreds of Churches sichly adorned—all, all one con-
fused mass of
.smoking rubbish !
" Our island lately so much frequented by Europeans, and
snore especially by English families of the first rank, will now
have only her ashes to :drew the passing stranger. Nor is this,
so dreadful in itself, the most dire of our calamities. The slavery
of so many respectable women, your, people, and children of
both sexes, sent off to different parts of Asia—the markets of this
city and Smyrna filled with women and young people of the
first rank, and who have received the best education ! 'What can
be more dreadful than this? Happy, thrice happy those whom
the steel of the assassin has snatched from scenes so harrowing
to the feelings; how miserable those still suffered to exist, who
see the staring', bear the cries and pitreus accents of their
wives, children, and relatives,and are witnesses to the barbarous
vestment this devoted and innocent people receive from the
wretches who have them in their power ! What can be laid to
our charge? We poor Sciots, who, from the beginning, have re.
-ermined faithful, arc rewarded with death and slavery. It is
well known, as soon as the Porte heard of the insurrection in
the Moira, and sundry islands of the Archipelago, it sent here a
Pacha having with him about three thousand troops; the whole
of the expenses of this garrison was defrayed by our island,
which, in the course of about fourteen months, paid more than
2,700,000 piastres, each according to his means. Besides that,
the Sultan ordered a choice to he made of sixty of the roost con-
siderable and respectable from our countrymen, beginning by our
Archbishop Pluto, the elder, and other principal inhabitants.
" When the news of the invasion of the imprudent fiamiotrs
first spread in Scio, the principal inhabitants waited on the
Pacha to apprise him of it. What was his answer?—to send
into the castle, as hostages, some more of these innocent men,
and to transport all the provisions out of the city into the citadel,
not leaving any whatever for the poor inhabitants of the city,
who were so numerous. A month after, when the Samiotes
landed, the Pacha sent some of the hostages, with several Turks,
to prevail on the &mimes to evacuate the island; but they im-
prudently resolved to advance, and told these ministers of peace
that they would sooner put them to death than do so. The
Pacha then shut himself up in the castle, with all the military,
taking with him all the hostages. It was understood that at
number of the peasantry had joined the Samiotes; but they
were in a manner forced to it, being apprehensive of the Sa-
miotes themselves, and they were only armed with sticks and '1
. Eleven days after, the Turkish fleet arrived at the
and landed 15,000 soldiers, who, joined by the 3,000 in
castle, being unable to attack and defeat the 3,000 samiotes,
1 their weapons against the innocent and disarmed inhabit-
, and turned their fury against women and children, killing,
burning, and taking into slavery all the inhabitants of the place;
the men they slaughtered, the women and children they brutally
waned and huddled together in one of the large squares, which
contained several hundred of the most respectable families; they
not left a stone upon a stone—all destroyed, all ruined !
it would All volumes to record tko differentia:lo of ham

~~

T

' •

which the ruMans *ere piney dad* it it. But
this universal desolados had int satisfied *I klied-thintY
followers of Mohammed : they had heaped upon their trembling
and tender victims all the bitterness of their fanaticism-95
men, the first of their nation, both as to character and property,
men who bad always followed the paths of rectitude in their
commercial transactions ; whose relations were established
in almost every commercial city in the known world--
men innocent of any machination against the Turkish Govern-
ment, and who could not, if even they would, have been partici-
pators in the rising of the island, since they had been le months
under the grasp of the Turkish satrap. Ten of these were at
Constantinople, the remainder at Selo. Lord &rangford made
strenuous efforts to save them—neglected no remonstrances—
evinced the greatest ardour in the cause of suffering innocence,
and thought he had succeeded in sheltering them from their im-
pending fate, having obtained a promise from the Porte that no
harm should be done them, when it suddenly gave orders for
their execution.

" The ten in Constantinople were beheaded, and the $5 in
Scio were bung outside of the castle, in that very square where
so many of the slaves were placed, in sight of the Turkish fleet,
who had their decks covered with Greek slaves. Oh ! how the
heart sickens at such refinement of cruelty, and turns with hor-
ror from that malice that could take delight in deriding the
mental agony of the innocent sufferers in this tragic scene ! What
a number of wives were forced to be spectators of the cruel
death of the husbands of their affections—to see at the name time
their suckling babes, torn from their breasts ; thus bereft at once
of their support and their hopes !' Many, driven to despair by
this barbarous usage, threw themselves into the sea ; others
stabbed themselves to prevent the loss of honour, to them worse
than death, to which they were every moment exposed from the
barbarians. But, alas ! let us draw a veil upon those who have
thus sunk untimely into the grave ; let us not barrow up your
souls with the recital of their atrocities; their sufferings are
over, and their felicity, let us hope, begun!
" It is now time to turn your sympathy towards the unfortu-
nate survivors of the general wreck—to call, dear countrymen,
your attention to the miserable naked state of thousands of our
&lots with which the markets here, at Smyrna, and Scio, are
glutted. Picture to yourselves children of the tenderest age, till
now nursed with the most delicate attention, driven about with
only a piece of cloth round their infant limbs, without shoes or
any other covering, having nothing to live upon but a piece of
bread thrown to them by their inhuman keepers—ill tteated by
them—scld from one to the other, and all in this deplorable situ-
ation, exposed to be brought up in the- blahometan religion, and
lose sight of the precepts of our holy religion. We see all this;
yet, alas ! what can we do here, reduced to three or four, who,
If fourd out, would also be exterminated without mercy ? What
we could do we have done; but bow little among so many claim-
ants to our charity!
" You, brothers, friends, and countrymen, are in the capital
of England, the centre of philanthropy ; you live amongst a
people always tamed for their generous feelings towards the un-
fortunate, for their dislike to tyranny, and their support of the
oppressed. Beg, pray, entrert, appeal, to their feelings, call upon
them as Britons, as men, as fellow-beings: it is in the cause of

humanity and of religion : they cannot, will not, be deaf to your
prayers. They will afford us, as far as lies in their power, the
means of redeeming the captive, of aiding those families that are
in a state of nudity and starvation, who will soon arrive in almost
every port of the Mediterranean, when they have been enabled
to fly Irons a yoke wutse than death. We rely upon your eliat4-
yours, and still more upon the high character of the nation
among whom you inhabit : thousands of hands are raised towards
you to claim your interference in behalf of your oppressed coun-
trymen: thousands of hearts will feel grateful for your assistance.
Brethren and counttymen, exert yourselves in behalf of huma-
nity.—With tearful cyc we cordially salute you, and beg you
will pray to Goo for our safety.
" YOUR BROrtiEtts AND COUNTRYMEN."

The letters received from Canton, of the 25th Fe-
bruary, in addition to the satisfactory intelligence
they bring of the differences with the Chinese being
amicably adjusteJ, state a fact of the utmost im-
portance. It is, that the Chinese Government have
abandoned the pi inciple that the Representatives of
the East India Company at Canton are responsible
for acts committeJ by British ships of war, thus se-
curing a most in:portant point to our trade with
China, and lessening the danger of occurrences like
that for which it has recently suffered a suspension
more than two months, since the crews of the India-
men aie much less likely than those of the men of
war to engage in affrays with the peaceful subjects
of the 4. Celestial Empire." We understand that the
fortunate result in which the differences have ter-
minated, has been greatly owing to the advantage
enjoyed by the Representatives of the East India
Company at Canton, in the abilities of Dr. MORRI
SON, toge:her with his profound knowledge of the
language, laws, and usages of China.
The special Edict, or CAop, by which the trade
bas been re-established, is dated the 20th February.
On the affair of the Topaze, it says,

" It appears that the man of war has already taken away in
her the foreign murderers, and has tun away back to her own
country ; and the Chief, at this time, indeed, appears not to have
any means of ordering the delivetirg up of those murderers.
Lint it is authenticated, that the Chief and the others have pre-
sented an official document, saying that they will take all the cir-
cumstances of this affair, from first to last, and write home that
it way be examined into and managed."

The French Papers of Tuesday do not contain a
single paragraph of importance relating either to
Spain or to the affairs of Russia and Tui key. The
proceedings of the Chamber of Deputies are also
destitute of interest. They write from Saumur that
Lieutenant DELON formed a part of the armed band
which attempted to rescue 136azorr, and whose leader
was shot. He still wanders in the fields, but cannot
long escape pursuit.
The Police of Paris has recently adopted a most
arbitrary and contemptible system of searching and
spying. Two persons, coming out of a bookseller's
shop with some pamphlets, were seized by a person
in coloured clothes, aided by a gens d'arme—without
Any warrant or authority, dragged to the Prefecture
of the Police, searched there, and dismissed, with the
bare satisfaction of being told that the Agent of the
Police suspected them of having prohibited engray.
ings. The studies of respectable artists in sculp-
ture and painting are also rummaged by the Police
for likenesses or emblems of BONAPARTE and his
Government.

This forenoon we received a Dutch Mail, bringing
Papers to the 26th instant.
An article from Brody, in Gallicia, dated the sth
of June, states, that the last accounts from Jassy, the
Capital of Moldavia, announce anew civil and mili-
tary organization of that Province and Wallachia by
the Turkish Government. it also states positively

Ili*:

that the departure of the Turkish troo2s is definitely'
deferred. . .
On the 12th of June there was a dreadful fire at
Stockholm, by which the merchants alone have lost
between four and 500,000 rix dollars.
The town of ErnbrittshAm has likewise suffered by
a destructive fire.

The number of persons burnt in the Church at
Grue was 11S, and many persons were injured.

Charleston, Philadelphia, and Baltimore Papers
have arrived this morning, two days later than the
last. The following are extracts :
FROM THE BALTIMORE PAPER Of THE 230 MAY.
It appears by a letter from Mr. Gallatin, that the
British Government is very desirous of obtaining the
northern part of the State of Maine, to render more
easy the communication between New Brunswick
and Canada.

FROM THE CHARLESTON PAPER OF THE 17TH MAT.

EXTRACT OP A LETT= VEO3I MATATISAU, DATED ♦TUL 21.

A circumstance occurred here, a few days since,
hich has caused considerable sensation in this city.
An Officer, with about 300 soldiers, attacked one of
the printing-offices, demolished the materials, and
shamefully abused the persons employed in it.—
The printer's offence was publishing some strictures
on the conduct of the Captain General. A remon-
.strance to the Spanish Cortes against this wanton
abuse of power was drawn up the next day, and signed
by more than 3,000 inhabitants. All is conjecture
as :o what will be the termination of this affair; but
we are in daily expectation of a revolution in the go-
verament of this island."

motes
staves.
Island,
the cat
tsed th
ants, al
Inumin
the me
- teestetJ
eciatait
Inv,
!‘ It
I ,i
