ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

APPLEBY, AUGUST 29. •
Charles O'Niil was put to the bar, charged arithbur-
gliiriously breaking end entering the house of T. Black-
adder, an innkeeper, at Temple Sowerby, in this County,.
with intent to steal. The prosecutor, it appeased,
missed some liquor, and watching, detected the prisoner
in his cellar. • '
The 'prisoner, in his defseee,.said, he bad been em-
ployed in smuggling silks'and spirits for the prosecutor
and his wife, and was following his vocation when de-
tented. This the prosecutor and his wife solemnly -de-
nied—The prisoner was found Guilty. He pleaded
hard for mercy, baying a wife and family dependent
upon him.—Sentence of Death recorded.
MorlArT 9. HUDSOIC—This "was an action for as-
sault. It appeared' that the parties, who were sporting
Icharacters, and also shopkeepers, had had some dispute,
about a race at Kendal, in the course of which some
crimination *and tecrimination took place about attte:
cedent• transactions upon the To: k Course, pending
which, the plaintiff was charged with not having made
rood his bets there, and the plaintiff retorted by sneer-
ingly -observipg, that the defendant only paid 64 some-
times." This aroused the indignation of the defendant,
who assaulted the plaintiff, knocked his head under the
grate, and blackened his eye; the assault was repeated,
and the plaintiff being down, be kicked him under the
eye Such had been the treatment he received, that he
was obliged to call in the aid of a surgeon.—Verdict
for the plaintiff—Damages 201.

The invalid H MT has just lost his wife, who was 90 .
'years old ; be has himself passed 140, by which it appears that be
Was born in the time of Louis X LV.—Paris ,Paper.
A. singular occurrence took place in the church-yard
at Forfar, on Wednesdrr Wingert. A funeral came
from the country part of the parish, and the corpse was
interred.. When the relatives returned*. home, they re-
pined that the. grave was Dot in their own portion of
the burying ground; -npon• which the female relatives
positively Masted that the. corpse should be removed ;
and this mandate Was actually obeyed--.4nother grave
being bode, the body disinterred, and reburied in a,
Second grave. The 64 hpary-beadedlexton " performed
the of6ce of resurrectionist. with Very great sglactance.
PUOILISM.—Never wets word more misused. Everr
,fellow whir kiwis idiot* another_erith his lists Is not a pugilist.
It is a notineable fait, that, of thirty-three deaths by boxing,
icepeats of which have bean preserved from Newspapers, tiers-
sierms7, for tea years past, only tow amid be. reckoned pugilistic,
Zirw.boaers eves by profession, or wise eves thought themselves
hat were, for the most part,• rescidental meetings, terns.
*ow wands. Of these, again, we may observe, that in eight cases
dm patties Were dries& (milkier do net set.to when drunk) ; three
edges were thew of esallisioneien-.witick pugilists practise not ; seven
cases marred on Saturday nights, two en Sundays, and eleven or
twelve on Mondays—neither of which deo are usually set apart
for. aghting by.pagilists. Ye 4 stiravitheanaing. these facts, which
Wlliar-baye Mock every Pnaiilisk..-tiviect of inquiring habits,
R. OM estkr. sort .of that . gain% they 'continue to repeat the
es made by the provincial presser yokel-writers, in tie
these alstseales after Onelbrether el the hilkstring epithets
•6•40. Peglason"—" Death by Pogillsos"-= Pugilistic Pasciuto.
riarotat
vet "..--serried by an. mrpt*. to pugilism," art. whetter in
case has pugilism been a*Wyed.z...N.ll. Many snore thaw
hese apekcasualties may have taken place within thistitaw
-y /mar ptiilists diming them all.—Ans ISliortieg.
. .

I.

~. .

li

.

1.

• . . ot r,
•- . 4
.. . , .
. . . s - ...
• . .
-
- . •• 1.
• .
.. • ... • ..1.- t
•
. ...
. .
. .
, . •
' • • --
.• . , ...
' VIA' " •
. . . .
• • ' .
, .
* - ---- .• •
. .
. .
. .
• ~ .A.::" 'lt.' '
. .
. , .
4'4- . •,.., .. , , • • : ••••..f.,' i....•," .
• .
. .
• . .. :- '...• -.7 , - .., ~.41 • . .... _ . •
' . ^.- . . . - .....
- - .
. . - ..
. ..-% —7.; _ • -.V.... - —..•.-. - .

Mmo7"— .

4

• '

t •

-~-- ;-T


. .

l'our children torment you to jog 'em
On flank* that stand in a row,
But the more you belabour and Wog 'em
The more threrose creatures won't go :
'rather day, Ma'am, I dawned and I cried,
• And my darling roar 'd louder than ma,
But the beast nouldn't budge till the tide
IL:d bedraggled me up to the knee !
And it's 0! &c.
We have pored on the sea till we're weary,
And loomed op and down on the shore,
Till we find all its piety dreary,
And taking-our pleasure a bore.
Titertes nothing so charming as Brighton,
We cry as we're scampering down,
But we look with still greater delight On
The day that we-go back to town !
For k's 01 what will become of us!
bar! the Vapours and-Blue
:Wylie will seise upon Nutley( us,
'll,bre have nothing to do!

•

- #
THE PLEASURES OF BRIGHTON.
. Iraqi Toutsticamsraula aumasum.
• osiempui, . •
• 111111/101111 11116411111111 M
Minh Ise aM.MeSfr: Aidgate,
Deems and Dump,
apieselms lee Foliate, ,
Awl se.las Its Meagher Cramp.
, irent 'roam_ pd, and Wapping,
TwPotts. lir. One, Mrs. Beats,
isters of Betbbmi are popping,
Ming their time be its streets!
And it's 0 ! wirt we become of us?..
Dear ! the Vapours and Blue
Dove will seise wpm some al as
If we have nothing to do!
This here, Ideani, is Sally. my daughter,
Wiese shoulder bas taken a start,
And they tell me a dip hi vilt water
WW soon make it straight as a dart
Mr. Banter assured Mrs. Mpuips,
• (Bet be's always a playing his fan),
That the caned that bathes with two bumps,
Very otter comet oat with but one !
And it's IM ate.
huoilasay lab boy Jockey, •
Wieser goeholier gave me a hint,
•
That by galvanise bees is a crack be
Would car slefoitimate squint.
Mlt ello wleb IMMO, list poly,
knit tbtt losodiee. I hope ;
Would you recommend bathing ? 0 surely,
And let him tags—plenty of soap !
And it's 0! ace.

A •
• •

THE SERPENTS LV THE TOWER.
The public, we believe, are not generally aware of the
existence in the Royal Menagerie at the Tower of a very
fine collection of that species of snake called the Bod
Constrictor. We were induced to attend there on Mow
day last for the purpose of being witness to the mods*,
which these animals receive then- sustenance, and todies
cover how far the description given by various authors
of sheis manner of disposing of their prey tallies with
what might actually occur under *tar atria observation.
The animal selected by the keeper for the purpose was
the largest, there, and measured, wee believe, ten feet in.
length, and seven inches iu diameter is its-thickest part.
Previous to receiving its prey, it appeared very lively,
and peered about with its head in all directions, occa-
sioning its body to assume those beautiful curtitions
of which the snake species are so capable. On perceiv-
ing the approach of the keeper with the rabbit destined
for its meal, it withdrew all appearance of vigour and
motion ; but she moment the rabbit was placed in the
cage, it seized, its head with so astonishingly rapid a ma
tion, that the eye could not keep pace with it, and by a
simultaneous action of its body, it compressed its folds
so tightly round that of the rabbit as to crush every
bone that was within its grasp. This rapid change was
nervous to behold, and a vivid imagination could not
but picture to itself the fearful scene of crushing and
struggling which the seizure of such an animal as a deer
ur an ox would create in a larger animal of this species.
That such scenes have ocean ed, and have likewise been
witnessed, we doubt not ; but until we witnessed the
convulsive but ineffectual struggles of the unfortunate
rabbit in the ravenous and gnarled grasp of the serpent
on this occasion, our conception reached no farther than
the common belief attached to the relation of the tre-
mendous powers of this species of snake. To enable the
snake to gorge his prey with the greater facility, he was
removed into the court-yard, when the glittering of,the
sun-beams upon his purple scales added much to the
interest and beauty of the spectacle. When the rabbit
was motionless, the snake gradually loosened its folds,,
still retaining its hold by the head ; and hiving fully as‘
certained the death of his victim, he proceeded to stretch
the body of the rabbit,which he very curiously performed.
- in drawing it by thehead through a 6'14 formed from the
folds of has body ; this he repeated until the whole was a
mass. After lubricating the head very much, but no other'
part, he proceeded to swallow the rabbit, which union
Ire accelerated by pushing it down his throat against his
own body, and by a strong retraction, and re-expansion
of ths muscles which lay at the back of the head ; by
decrees the animal disappeared, until nothing more
was visible than a long lump in the snake's throat, which
it impelled forward by the action of the muscles, until
it reached the middle of its body, where it remained.
Stith is the mode of this animas taking sustenance;
and• if we compare this account with those furnished if,
various writers, and particularly with that given us by.
1)r. Macleod, of the Alceste, we shall find them dirt
in nowise, except in the circumstance of this snake's
omitting to lubricate the whole of the body of its prey,
which, however, may have arisen from the ditninutivel
size of the object upon which it fed; for the sue with
which the rabbit was gorged was so great as to lead us
to imagine that a dog thrice -the size would experience
very little difficulty.in obtaining a temporary residence
iu this serpent's mew.

There igg. custom on the coast of Susses, of setting.
tsp. b!iiWfor the purpose of catching birds, on the
Jiffs; any person on taking out the bird deposits one
pettOy. , Some young men at Hastings, on Monday
afttswoon, employed in the quest of birds, one of the*
after Securing a bird it escaped out of his hands, and in.
his'endeavour to regain it came so near the edge of the
cliff as to fall down the precipice, a height of 20 yalids,
and, strange to say. received not she least injury.
Saturday, a countryman took some pigs in a east
to icirachavas market+ closely covering them with a
doahatidtkodEta ke9 them warm and quiet; but when
be 10,4 04 tiqlsovlsig the cloth, he found they had
all died thrones suffocation.
It is a fait, that not- one solitary epistle in the hand.
writing of Getup IL is known to exist. This circum-
,s morskiemarkable, v refer his gallantries
etsseverel, anti

' ' S ;TVA 11 -
The sentence of eonstajoscy, which had been pro-
nounced againit the Dean et Christchurch, Dublin, was
on illirsday last rescinded at the adlibeMed yisitatien
at St. Patrick's Cathedral, the Dean 411111. Making his
appearance and submission.
During the present season nearly teo:thOusandpecks
of green peas were carted from Newiirk, Collinghans,
ant the neighbourhood; to Sheffield, iu one day.
An Irish Paper says, "one of the fight-flogerett gentry.
was tateninio custody awning froni Donnybrook Fair;
on whose person was found a smite* des"
• Thursday night last a fire was disCofered in the Cus-
tom-houses Dublin, which was speedily put out by the
Police, without any damage being snstainde
An old man, named Crossman, died last week near
Bridgewater, who 4tad kept-his coffin by him for the
last SO years, and used it as his cupboard.
Wednesday, as a Lady was travelling in st post-chaise
through Chathain, she *as -suddenly taken in labour,
and was safely delivered •in the chaisnotA fattheYi
which, with its.mothet, are doing well. •• •
Tuesday last, a weman.aged 18, wast*pretteekled sti
Bury; upon a Judge's warrant, for marrying !bowl
husbands, the last of whom She was then lint% with ittl
that town.
Tuesday se'saight a stone roan, whith• had, 'leen
found in the morning in a vault or charribt;',Of the uncivil
Ca:di of Hastings, -was opened, toed ro.d d Catania
thst slieletonnf a child, apparently right.-or stile /year!
of age. Another coffin, discovered eorne time age in
the seine sintatiOn, was also.insUected ; it contained
tiCeton about six feet in length.
Tuesday, at the:Storey Adjourned &lotions- Flores.*
i/siToefiry end Mielowl Hawke* ware indicted for in
assault committed on'John Grills; i publican, in H'ig'h.+
street, Borough. The prisoners vent into the prosecu-
tor's house on the morning of the.22d of August, and,
after conducting thentseLee in a *try refractory Man-
ner, they broke some othis windows, and.demolished
grand transparency that oinamented the window ; they
then ran away, but were pursued, and on being tact,
struck the prosecutor, 1117._ embeittund Guilty, and
fined 20s. each.
Monday; John Davis,a Waterman, and his wife were
making a little eacussion on theßiver, wheit the hursband
having occasion to speak with a Mate of a ship. lying
-off Prince's Stains, teuitted his boat to go no board\
leaving Mrs, Davis by the side, who, in pressing her
baud against the ship, lost her balance, fell outboard,
and was drowned.
A caravan, loaded with prisoners sentenced to trans-
portation, 'arrived at Newgate from Chelmsford, soon
after eight o'clock yesterday morning. The Chatham
coach was chiefly laden with transports from the above
jail. All country. prisoners.
WILSLEYAN MISSICWARY MISTING —Monday even-
, ing, at sit o'cliick, a very numerous and respectable
meeting took place at the Wesleyan Chapel, George-
street, Greeowieh,.in aid of thefands of the Wesleyan
Mistitinarr society for Chtistianising and -civilizing the
Heathen 'a foreign climes. - The chair was taken by
—,Dyer' Esq. 01 Woolwich. Several Gentlemen ad-
dressed the meeting in the course of the evening, which
did not terminate till nearly ten rielock, when a liberal
subsoription was received at the dours„in furtherance-of
the objects of the institution. An old woman of the
name of Boswell, the u ife of a pensioner in Greenwich
Hospital, sent, enclosed in a bag ro the Chairman cf
ithe mutirig, 960 farthings. in aid of the Missionary
r„tause, with a letter espresting her with that every per-
son would contribute, as she had done, to the utmost
extent of .their power,-when the dark and benighted
Heathen-would then no longer have to lament the want
of a knowledge of the powerand omnipotence of Grin!
PARIS SUPPLY 0r WATSR.---The Quarterly Beak"
which is just published, in noticing the gs Conunortini
power of England," in consequence of M. Ch. Dupin's
work on that subject, speaks of the peculiarity in the
French character, that stands in the way of the cono
meteial career of France; and the fact is thus illustra-
There is a, 'still farther obstacle to the general
improvement in France, at which M. Dupin occa-
sionally glances—thefear, on the part
.of the Govern-
ment, of entrusting too much power to individuals, or
combinations of individuals. The Executive is yet too
jealous to allow to astoctatious of its subjects.aey share
of influence which might attach to them, were they to
take the lead in. matters of high concern and import-
ance. It is still,morejealons of admitting foreiggers to
join in speculations of enterprise or improvenseut,how-
'ever obviousty they might appear calculated to pro-
mote the public utility. An instance of thia kindlic;!
curred a fevi years ago. It was suggested, as an easy
and 'most important improvement, to supply. Parie with
water by mean; of water-pipes, in the same way. as,'
London is supplied with water; and the ingenious BM-
nel•went tosParis to concert measures, and lay &kWh**,
plan .fcit the Undertaking, carryiug with him. authoritys
An the part of the. English projectors, to say that any
Ittnoent of capital which might be required, was ready
to be advanced ;but when it was further Stated thatthe
iron pipes could only be supplied from the sane. .
try as the capital, the idea was so revolting, and at the
same time so alarming to the Duc de Richelieu, that be
et once put a stop to the, proceeding: observing. Omit
Paris must continue to t 4 supplied with water-carts
fountains as heretofore, rather than run the risk of ear-
turning the Government, by receiving funds and iron
pipes from England."
One of the finest tributes which has ever been paid t.
the death of Charles 1. was by the poet andpatriot As:
drew Marvell, ire an Ode to Cromwell. Alluding to the
execution of the Mcmatchi he says:
While nand the armed bands
• DW clasp their Woody bands,
Ile Imbuing mown did, or mean,
Upon that snanorablo scene ;
lint, soith his beenereye,
The we's edim did aye
Nor card she sidswith yaps spite,
61311.44 w deals
• eimely bead
- .1

. ~....,.
.~:

Int.toti
mingo, after baying encountered 'no hardship, except that whisk-
sprung from from their fears eloping overtaken sad punished. The pri-
soner succeeded In getting' employment on board a ship bound to
' this 'country, and has eversince entertabied the highest orioles' 4
.
'the change in his Cendltlon. •
The Neytommeassed he did not care who got the boat, afterbe hid
got all the stevicabit could om of it. Meanly object waste! horn
slavery, which be coed never patiently endure, particularly don
be bad commooleated with the Loan. , The Losatold me to be-
ds**. mortise I took the boat and we Move away. I never rob
no one, ao, so. I wanted liberty, ne money. ho boat. The .Loan
tell me mite the bait. so I took it--,Gos Aanentry be praised."
The Planter—And did the Losatell you to steal the boat?
• 'The Black—No, no!—he tell me no such brag. Nor he tell Yrei
to kisses Louise one day, nor floggee Louise anoder day. Nor he
tell you starve black men nee dry, and &give black man anoder (by.
. the plainer treated this insinuation with contempt, and said an
his slaves were treated with the utmost kit dnean and bad no
reason to complain. -
• The Negro.—Ooh Aso know I treated bad ! Toy so when
/go before bins. He bid ate go, /be tine no more.' Elfin the
black, fen down epos his hams, with an ate of doom &melon,
and, as we understood, teturneddnaks to Goo for his liberation.]
He wanted nothing from anybody.' Hebei/et from lit."Ptuningf,,
from thence to New York, and thence to this country, as the only,
secure country in the world for ape of his race . and .Inisfertunee-:
He merely asked for a contheueutiof what be now bad, his libeity,,
mad be knew "de ier o dis.city" would not take it from bin!. ,
The Lotto. Idioms not being in the house, the. case was poi*
piled to yesterday. 1 • -
The' negro then appeired,' but there was no repetition of
charge. The planter bad altered his opinion of the transactite,and
written a note to the Loan, Mason,-presetting his. compliments,
and stating, that he beliescd the black in taking the boat bad eel
felonious intention, antl'that by mein of t#e poor fellpw's affidavit
he would be enabled to recover his pleasure.boat from the autbe-1
*Mks of Si. Domingo. .
The negro, upon being told that he was at liberty to go wherebe
pleased, would base fallen upon his knees to give his blessing to all
around; but the jailor telling him that it world do standing, be
bared low and said " Goa Asticute bless yO
• •• ' - •
- . BO W-STREET.
Yesterday a man of the mile of Isaac Itrosiens, the.peqprieter of
a piece in the Strand, known by the name of" The Westminster
Centro( Mem* woke, a Register.olice for Servants, was knight
before. Mr. Haste, upon a warrant, charged with esandefingt ,Mr.
Poole, a ,broker, and threstebias pot only .to pun his .nose, but te
throw hint out of a two pair of. stain window,
It' appeared that Newton hid talks a heist in the *rands— needy
opposite his elf . shop in Soutilampton.areet, front a Me. Adams,
of Belau-start. with a view to, undsh .it , ate then let
it out in Olathe, pa res ism issues of very
.large profit. No suds furnt=bstiweltee, Was .petfletek thelioNWS
to quarter's tent remained unpaid.; and Mr. Maine employefi Mr.
Nob to distrait! whit he mould end on the premises to pay the teat.
Mr. Poole obeyed his Instructions, and found very little. but put a
man in pomeseioe• Subiequent information induced lit. POO4 to
suspect tliat some of the furniture bad been conveyed away, and lit
paid rathei an early' !daft the other morning, about.three o'clock,
and while Mr: and ' Mrs. Newton were In bed, In order if possible
to asosnain the-btu - kilts iatte747 his suspicions became con-
firmed, andhp•awoite Mr. Newtemine his wily 'telling them the
object of his visit. Newton got very angry at being thus disturbed,
and complained bitterly that such ep iutrudon should have been
made upon his wife. .11oWever' Der. Poole was detetmined,to din.
dune that he considered his duty. • Mrs. N-wton dressed herself
and got up ; and Mr. Poole was further confirmed in his °pinholes
to pan of the furniture having been canceled away.
Mr. Newton here bounced a gnat deal; said touch of what be
, oasis to do, and what he would bejtietifiud in doing ; but the assault
being proved, he rues held to ban, to fustier for it 4 the Sessions. '
ti:irrox-eArtpm. . • . .
Met,
~ .
Pidaeriag. a widow. womanrand Sarah OWSMON, a young
'Xi (who were remanded tin s,estercbly), Were brought up•for.final
elimination, charged with . Wilfelif and trtaticioue;y setting fire to
the dwelling blouse, No. S, canle-atreet, Clerkenwell, where Mrs.
Pickering resided.-.-They were, fully committed for trial. •
- Mary Mocarthy, and Mary Doris, two nymphs of George-Allej
(Fleet-market) notorieti, were also committed for robbing J. S.
Raton, a silly lad, who had accompanied the Litter to her den, in
the above horrid spot, of his watch. Immediately on his entrance
tale echos , wrach,caaie in, when-they threw bins on the bed. beat
Man violently, seised the property, and decamped, but seeing is the
Newspapers that' they were yestertay to be re-examined, en a
.charge of stealing sou* linen, he attended at the Office, and instaady
tementsed them.
. . UN lON...UAL L.
A woman, named Bennett, Was summoned before the Magistrate
flea` detaining the clothes of a damped native of New Zealand.
A Gentleman stated, that a short time since, two of the native
chiefs of New Zealand came to this* country by the Mary Attie,
~South Sea whaler. On their arrival in London they were both
placed under the care of a Gentleman at Rotherhitbe, where way
sitteution was paid to them; they visited all the curiaskim of this
areas metropolis, and whenever any striking object was presented
Rep their view, they would Nigh expiess their surprise and admin.
don by se loud yell. Here die'. Gentleman begged pardon for
'digressing from the chars" against the wathenvonaan, and proceeded
to relate an anecdote of the poor deceased Zealander, whose clothes
Ilse defendant had in her possession. His name was Apogee/taboo ;
when he was put on shore from the ship, the first thing he saw on
land was a large -donkeyorhich stood immealately opposite the
'slain he ascended from the boat. The quotient Amore beheld it,
be uttered a loud yell, and hastily retreated down the steps, and
would have plunged into the river, had he not been prevented by a
couple of the sailors, who told him be had nothing io fear. " Ob!"
mit Asst, " that one great big tiger." The. sailor said it was
epee .!.fiat you name it r meld Armies. " Why, a &Obey—a
induno t It won't hurt you," rtplle4 the !adorn Arangeo," Won't
albite nun r The sailors seen.mitimaiely obliged to lead the poor
mitreelf IS some distance SOUS Aringee worried agree to pass.
re
added, that the poet Zkelender was eirried otra
iddiesinsplay the seadigos, Air undoing modes, •oili.'hie
*Wicking In the English leogyage, awl was, just eir Ad pile of
returning to his native eamiry. After hie decease, hiedechee, add
part of hie New Reeind *co, were given to the defendant, In
elder to wash, owe di" *bid' she refused m give Acme up, and
*learnt assiitiedri adliptled to compel her.
The defelelfallellidimie 'Seibert., but qualified it • by saying:
tholiber ham *or dm peer Zealander was lose of the closes that pre-
Mted her (Salmi* Ai: 'teths Ow lots det she had
PO i Out in ttto,,_,. 7 . , . r-..,'..
I. • Mr. Amon IT die' smiling ' -
libmillirem in the Morse of MO week; thoiainikettileviAt
hers anti fiwahonld not get' OS so molly. '.' ' •' ' ''.4' '' •
MA RL BOROUG H-ST REST. '''. ' -`
Mr. Denbais, who was ell of the prosecutors in the die St Mr.
William Rantsdee Robineosib ohm-edam ago, spolledibeistaly io
the Magistrate for lb advirm 6! • • • ,
Mr; Denham mid, thee *me elms the acquittal eflionei Rabin-
Son be has bees annoyed tips sneer abusive letters, *l.ll in parts
of Ragland, Ireland and calling him a pedants' ‘l9;
telling him be Intik to eleasierhie name, and give or Me bodows,
or it would so;p1 give his op* add-ithet 'width', was bit fee him
but to irsospert himself mod tamilp to mean also am, tar that he
buret could have peaseie :drier ,iin. Denham tredsced a
bsndle et those letters, odd* morresoripmess, and MI evidesdr
written by the suns peneseseme was charged es. 4a. and Sa. same
double and trelde lettere, alsilline the postage et which was less
than i couple of 111111Mge. zfilb-Dembast Mid, 'thee he was well
aware dissolute:o,Mo prienollags et itobinesees friondeolil
wished es know if Modsenlille fa tarter it ilweettst
the dlearrery et the wriest" .4 • -1; 1, ' • , 0) cc . e ,•7/:.'
Ur. Dm said, that ninereemeally be wield; Oft 11.? i
oesth his while; he wee her, of obese,• hyoid to mills, • .''
'Me. Dies said, he wished, ifvmlb le, to endow tar writer ;
mad he *mil eartaistly make= drat or do so. ' •-* ' ''.'"'
' The Plisbilko is bound tO retook the postage et all tal,syv
letters which the elledV4l.donSOMlNk Fort ti kowfo-

- sl_

~ r

- &MUM al
Hair‘ Rft
ilif44l!

;1_!

•

a.
. .
• ........ . ....
....-
11.11111001.1.1 . .: We. .....,-.1.77'f:= .

du.the new—
Irtle:sura Peasant said, that they could say nothing without
the Parish egrets.. Chadwell, the Overseer, was rhea
sent ferrets:l the applicant's request stated to him ; but he .aid
flit • tikhout colualthsg- the Board, he .could do nothing.— e
leitleat Assam Inquited Cif the applicant what sum she thotght
ereel4l talsepate tu her purpose?
UM Salt J 5130 shrthought would do the thing completely,
and if Mr. Chadwell would accompany her to America, she would
pg expenses, and give the parish a* ilea" open the mines.—
lg. Chadwal did. not seem inclined to accept this proposal, and
arlikroonkf alasursaid, that perhaps Mlle of the great capitalistsif the city would Inoculate on those Mime. It was ultimately,
however, agived that the subject should. he submitted to the Parish
Beard of Si. James's, at which the applicant seemed highly pleased,
a she has she said, no doubt of success, her sisters having re-
severed their put of the property.
. •
• OUI-LDHALL.
Iseterrose.A stem young Irish troika, ostead Ana Brim,
very decently attired, with a young child in her arms, was brcrigi,t
ip yesterday before the Sitting Magtitrites Mr. Aldernun J. J.
Swim, and who has no doubt very niccessfully.worked upon tl.e
charitable feelinge of many of our Headers.- During the wiu:et
months this female puts on the appearance, in the public streets, of
being dreadfully ageted with paralytic and shivering fits, to ex-
'ate the 'compassion of pasiengers ; but to 'thikwartn weather the
very atoproptiately alters her syetern, and can practise a fainting t
to such perfecting', that few would suppose but that she was *ink-
ing under exhaustion from hunger and fatigue. She affected to be
attacked •in this way on Tuesday afternoon, at the door of Mr.
Thomas, haberdasher, corner of Chaneery.lane. The crowd that
leer appaiene it drew around her attracted the attention of
Lightfoot, the street-leeper of Fleet-street, who though not very
long in office, had already had an opporttunity of witnessing one of '
her public exhibitions, and Immediately recognized her; and big
peremptorttooe of veke, and the sight of hit gold-laded hat pro-
duced—what all the rubbing and sprinkling with vinegar and wa-
ter for five or too minutes had failed to effect--a,perfect recovery.
As the trick bad this time produced her nnthingtin the way of cha-
rifi from the spy tors, Llghtftot would bare been coutinted wkh
the cure he had e;formed, moil suffered ht.r to. go about her bast.
nag ; but so cnapietay was her health and'etresgth restored, that
she resktedytnd aquagretraelt him In his midtmears to get her
on, fur which act of ingratitude he took her into missal?. The
prisoner was moved waste' practised her fainting his at other
places, and her face not hang unknown to the Alderman, when
sitting at she Town Hall, ske_was sent to the House of Correction
for a month. .
gualmr."""'"l
. The DISCOVnItY, in which,. accompanied by the Re-
SOLUTION, Captain Coon tondb his last voyage, and
which, after his death, • February 14, 1779, at ()alive,
arrive at. Sheerness,. epteotber 1, 1780, is now the
convict shin at Deptford. The interior has undergone
considerable alteratiten to adapt it for the purpose, but
the hull and exterior remain, in a state of pee fcct sound-
ness, in their origioad state. •
gai 144sciatiax t.• oa Karat NOTON. The buildings
round this place, and especially those lately erected and
others.in'eoutemplation from Kensington Turnpike to
Lee's nursery ground, surprise the observation of any
one unaccustomed to visit this pleasing spot. Besides
time number of houses built in front of Holland Hcuse,
and exclude whose aspect. the ntble owner of the
tatter was obliged to wall-in his ancient lawn, it is
said, that another pile of houses is about to be irte ed
from the end of Holland House-lanel adjoining the
1)101100d. froml.trsoskngum to Heamnennsith, which
is minded to-stretch ova: Notting-I ill into the Ux-
bridge...road, consisting of no less than eight bundled,
of Which twenty of 'the first rate,-ate- to be built rn•
tirely at the expense of Lord Hollan. The old public-
house at the corner of Holland-lane will shortly be re-
placed by an entirely new tavern, with na-gardens at-
tached to it. •In perhaps somefew years, reckoning on
the enterprise of our.builders, there will be nearly a
continuous street front Hyde Park Turnpike to Turn-
ham-grcenl
' A rich man, who Beef between two forges, was coo:
Onually annoyed by the sound of the hammers, and
w*i in agony at not being able td procure sleep either
night Or day. At fir's't be entreated them to-strike more
gamily; and afterwardi made theit generous offers if
they world consent to remove immediately. Our two
champions appeared to consentraud the Gentleman,
transported with joys prepared a magnificent dinner,
with which he regstled them sumptuously. The repast
ed, he asked them whither they intended removing
to? One of them replied, 4' He who lives to the right
will go to the left, and he who lives at the left will re-
sisove to the tight."
Wegpsulky semsight, the Edinburgh Independent 'Club of
Golfers played for a giver Medal, which was spiced, after a keen
'contest, he Mr. John M'Phanon, High Tunes.

BIRTH:
•
Aogost 50, at Camberwell, the Lady of Cassia Japes T. Ed-
wards, of the Golconda, of a daughter.

MARRIED.
iiiteeday, at Mery.lsAesse Church, the Rev. Henry L. Nun,
tq Ago* Ann, ddeet daughter d the late Rev. Mr R.Sheileld, But.
Tanaay, at St. George's, Ha Mite Mitchell, el.
Oft dieglotortif the late Woad MlLhooll, to Liesteaaot-
OdeniA.Allgo, of the late 254 Legato. Mew the earescay dm
MI, 409P1e set of fee bochenerthic, Pcugehlre.
•MAstday, u tatottoo. :Leo. Withal Bryant. 111611. .to Mary,
eldest daughter of the late Nemeth liaelteesie, Saw t
1 •

DM), `•.- 'I :fl''' "
On theieider late the bath imt. at Dever, RifideriMarame, ipsi
23 Yearstadest, &lOW a *ix Theairm. Domes sweploce-
' &WOW, qGrovlP-Mik CaObefwen. raid *r CMllies, berth
:11 of Jeaphcoserge Wam4Req. of "that Owe, *edema of Ike•
" Ali' s lan, and et Mid ege, Cambridge. •
Nlid+Y. telinklit. sav4M4t the ISOM 'lbis em, in the Yale
14•Aumt ifir li_op- ViiieltiPe Lewis, Red d Demmen.
'''' v: at- 'Meld Deem, mar Diameter, the Lady el die
ii. bribe teem, the Rev. Piers Robert
1 ip that city.
•

_
.. • 1w it 06111. MARKET, Sept. 1.
Sidra at iftdribit.' s •11Ihipt Saki. • Price.
me NolOtoodo .-, 13i - Mt. Od. to 314, 36,
114 Seed - - , 1 - 31.. id. to 40s. ed.

ti t, zi, •
it' i ,- - . 11A lugs— ..
•
&ail. NM • Mar NM
bllkl ''. a 0 Pram . ... 1 •
W14,04r4 1 0 Hodistab • i
awns% Oil &'^p 0 0 Plasews 0 •
'Moir_ ~ ' o 4 Hai' 0 o
01.0iiam 11, . •:.01 • Gostiorimob 1 0
, ippiliieli,' .. ' .:•• - fb Aeolis • • 1

DAT.

Eli° if- WRIVI a LON DO N-BRIDOIL TO-MORROW.
- 4 mantes after 10
tfeerrince - • • ' rimites attar 10

I Priseedaisit Published by'. F. IKIMLY, mils aims Orrics,
744 1, Fithat-Plitt,

~+~..~

-44

fbi
~1
del

.1

1

tilearsmaindiestecairaio:taiasssiandywithd;
stanceuis mak— -riernarltable, if we refer to his gallantries
coif intrigoesi maturely commented-upon and xecorded
• by Walpole and-otbars.
Awl as am a W."
•
Jt,

I
•.- . . _
. .
-- - .
• • . . .
•
x .- .. TRAbZ P7211-I.glalix: ..-. • i .:; . POLIO nattringaffe • , utogiolioili:4l64o4 IC to asc i g idol. iv 6 s t4i ai7
. • , ,
_, ~,,,,,r. . , tfraiimperarsers4ihkerixtrizririmermEN. t •
. -.. • acuttsummoizsz.
g zi
or
ouvesiehmigoliriolut &Immo pder:„
4.1.00
liampoiefsiser
wsimak
4. vossiss rye, that An itttl beillornispoa =long thronekdkindonsuetsct of
gun Olidarr4.411".01**1111•041141!/. fnrilktion * Air the Lalnkafasos hod- illhipor de.l.lll' - • ner.fithCh #l9 Olt= 2 ialo lit follooltabl. T 1
-.gibe • /KY . oddiraire bar a peed& when abe was -!
• I. 'lea.' •nt • 41 'J. .• • nonsphinse. • Aallendetaus Et 11111111tTelpINIMillftir , , fooniodi ibs vows stylish ate lodood
• j., _
_,:
... • , 41,111healp. • • films .spres.lsrge esseiso.. Ms Tortola, aanse_.__L.s_hno•ftio put, boolooor, of her rows prwat7 Was.tior,,,,,,:ni•pareste,,, bis ,:i
IftssaiC, Tana - • ANNA& ':
T 416.• . /1.0.641 r, it omit taw 0.,, TN Poomooll'oooo.fo'w_____,._ death he trilled los equal bridals to his three duck.* aid the -.4
- . .. of boolegooloildttod somigs I. ilisios 6 vaimiPm' oppilonti with her two motor Irowt war no. Avossiat to :et th: ti
Portabegow -.• le ..,, 1,137 ,- --: • 0- • '..--' adonis It nhetwoods owma that to. poor Mew ode nothing _.•
_._
eamisma
aI
Imo
um
41614
the
wbeie
• • Prello ills, was"'
Greenock -. • 111-41 'SOO . a 100 Imnis wept maw. - ...... 1... whkis they kali goie",-,;4 lima 'that'es It *ere gums Gomm°
269 • SM" Is 11944wei that the ml" t4o4'er with dirt" °thin' la."
—s-.."e
-. Sod boll lobo, of Ink vliblivr. bdilodfOo. . 114/ tbof we,, waliCus Is
Leopold . ne 15,404
Bristol • •it 5,116 99 50 11 pdrchosed at a tory 'high Ow to worls...oPoo °°° d the r'itilfg. e,er.e certain pan If Op god, awl Pp a large puke of or. 1,1
-. ~ • , '' ' olsolots, _ _ width loYAst" Ns ibare' lin rifts's"s sem"- width shitiroeght*Wr kite; 4nts ' ,19dit turned out to be of.
, . . .• . 1 1 It 3. •
Glasgow - 59 3090 . -.1
. . 4Sit
Port-Glasgow. irj pol/P11111.111"oashiff dee eastrades.winginaTheykr ham'hadfhargelgiCi alleraithuhrwassastdit: dos""wasmtiratostr-to doelgewlisestrussyd*Wit"ssiddloothwiTPrwolilin applies.
..
• Greenock , - 44
an:
eitmls46 sod dose "id' "sistitted* aseastedu a vet as""P-o duke toMemillgosolo the means of going sgain over to America,Vad raking pesirs:donelliinitor , n
• two toss war° if her shore of the waluable preying; or perhops the parish, at their ~,J
Liverpool 402 50-Vll ""' ..'l. their /harm nosh ea board a Alan goandtv et ,
Abed - .92 9.929w0u1d de..the needful? • • •
surturs Faaaartv said, that they could say iothing without ..,
---1 • " 51373 and idled for which they found is the M.mg 1717::ka
• ming°, alter him, ollettrFed no itsfdtbit.- tst:eyt.„that whi.!_i.i wising efie Parish fillicers.. flirt Midair& the 5t,.......
. .

lanai carccligli7 UMW zw.cly env cu Liu
lation hum Kensington Turnpike to
and, surprise the observation of any
I to visit this pleasing spot. Besides
noes builtin front. of Holland House,
hose aspect. the nt.ble owner of the
td to• wall-in his ancient lawn, it is .1
pile-of houses is about to be due ed to il
Holland House-lane' adjoining the
rat)4l;iran to Heamerstnith, vrbich else,
retch.ore. Notting-I ill into the Cr. Ok*
fisting of- no leis than eight bunched, dos
of 'the first rate,ate- to be built tn- 11.1.
MI of Lord Holland. The oil public- may
ei of Holland-lane will shortly be re- wbsi
a il
rely new tavern, with tea-gardens at- ..1.4.
ilerhaps some few years, reckoning on -Jl,l
our builders, there will be nearly a ..
from Hyde Park Turnpike to Turn- ..(.
44
to lived between two forges, was con;
by the sound of the hammers, and
tit being able td procure sleep either
101 l
EA be entreated them to-strike more -;
midi made thesis generous offers if
it to remove immediately. Our two Col
. ate
red to comentrand the Gentleman, c
:Mb
them sumptuously. The repast on
them whither they intended removing icalati
l replied, " He who lives to the right
and he who lives at the left will re- 'et i
.. 1,1
,tit, the Edinburgh Independent Club et „1
Over Medal, which was spiced, after a keen
DlTtlersoo, High Terrace.
at
-,ter
BIRTH. .
berwelt, the Lidy of Captain James T. Ed- _
da, of a daughter. ,
4 1.
MARRIED.
..1
&boom Church, the Res. liettry L. Neese,
laughter of the late Rev. Illr R.lbellell, Rem
ti eagles. Ha_0:801:4111are, Hite MONA el.
Oefolad Campbell teheil, re 14111111kre-
'3
tam !ad Levees.. Ake the soreormay doe
pe lodiciatithot. Ptstbskire.
ash :uefig. wiiii, arm. LN. -1s Mario 1141
late Iressalt Ilisclogolop lbws . 1-4
'I
re Nth lost. at Davao, iiialltibisiallat lei A
ter ef .oms. Theaspeso, Iwo( tha sew rim
-MU, Camberwell aged Mr Clarks, korth til
llfoN4sEa,
Casoheidgel. of ibm plme. modest dLio.
rid sege. •
011044f1.41 dmi boom of big ems, in the V&
09. WINO* ,IsWie, Rawl of Doorallet. Go
EPP, OPP% Oar Deanna, the lady of the cut
Ba
01* . kali
that iseir. the Rev. Piers Reed
In ri
Mai in city.
...
4. . .... k • 2
_
IAL MARKET, sspt. 1.
`vi
Alps &dd. • Price.
... 131 - Ms. Od. to Me. 0‘
• I - Ms. id. to 40s. 01
. A 1
........
MAILS.-..-THIS DAT. rid
sari. sea ass. BIS. 14111
1 0 frame . 1 0 Ve
1 0 Hamborgb 0 1 .
• o o Flamiers 0 0
o 1 Bramili o 0 vii
o • 0 Sottenborgh 1 0 .1.1
0 • 0 ,
_Armenia • I
a LOH DO tl BRIDGE ZiCi.- M •11. ROW.
/111
- - II edoesia tarter 10
ti
- - - 511
- ' erlommite
..dtor 10
: tottlisk4 lei .1:. F. KIIMLY, It* allia Orrice
N
I, Piekell-11•14 110111,411 A ' -
' t
i i.
. k
• i
1
. •
. .
