domestic affairs all that is prosperous; and if we take
a view of nut foreign relations, we hare as much reason
to be satisfied. But, my Lords, these subjects have been
so well animadverted upon by the Noble Eat', that it
becomes unnecessary for me to trespass on your Lord-
ships' time with what must be a repetition. However,
there is one 'topic in his. Majesty's most gracious Speech
which it may be allowed me to say a few words upon,
as being mote immediately connected with that portion.
of the empire-To Which ;Colludes. Ireland, my Lords,
I imaginelitoraiWasis been t Onsidered difficult to go•
vernsand ato aware that in speaking on the subject,
some caution is requisite; ':hut I trust that in under-
taking to make a' very' few.dlsservations, no feelings of
party spirit will operate upoil.me mind ; and I would
take this opportunity of exhorting Noble Lords, when
the affairs of Ireland are under discussion, to preserve
their understandings unshackled from all prejudice. It
is quite obvious, my Lords, that there are existing
causes for the unhappy state of Ireland—many of them
far beyond the contronl of any Ministers that ever yet
guided tint political helm of this great nation.. The first
grand evil is perhaps to be found in the moral state of
the people—a people, I may here observe, without
speaking ton much in the superlative, who from their
natural endowments ate capable of being made a
strength and an ornament to any country. But, my
Lords, this fine population does not possess the advan-
tages which the more happily circumstanced peasantry
on this side of the Channel have for centuries enjoyed ;
and therefore great allowance should be made for my
unfortunate countrymen, who have many difficulties to
encounter. It has often struck me how much aware
they are of their own deficiencies and wants, and how
much alive they are to'the advantages that must arise
from a liberal system of education, and a free circula-
tion of the Scriptures ; but, mylords, this last blessing,
I lament to say, is prohibited nearly throughout Ire-
land, and consequently the grossest bigotry and most
abominable superstitions prevail in every part, para-
lysing both the mind and body, and leaving the wretched
creatures a prey to the machinations of every designing
man hostile to British connection and to the Established
Religion of the Realm. However, upon these points,
it is not necessary to say any more at present, though
it may be allowable here to remark that the Noble
Marquis at the head of the Irish Government has more
obstacles to surmount than perhaps he ever could have
foreseen, but from which he has never flinched ; on the
contrary, he has devoted his splendid talents and utmost
exerticms to overcome them, and I trust in the end he
may. succeed. Your Lordships cannot be aware, I ap-
prebasidose the power which is brought forward tothwart
the Constitutional efforts'of the Government, and to per.
vent the understandings of the people, by which they
are kept in a complete state of slavery. In fact, my
Lords, there is to be found in Ireland, what may be
fairly denominated an " Imperiu»i in Iniperic," which
must be got under before we can expect to see that
portion of the Empire what it might become from its
natural advantages and the fine qualities of its natives.
My Lords, the population. of Ireland is imMense, and,
generally speaking, without employment; which tre-
mendous evil, for tremendous it is in its effects, is
mainly to be attributed tar a want of resident Laridlords.
The property annually drawn from Ireland amounts,-
upon a calculation tci•alsove two millitsosi.t.and the ab-
sentees, who occasion this eriormoirs raui, mil be
considered under two heads—the one (if I. may be al-
lowed to use the expressions) legitimihe, and the other
illegitimate. The first, possessing large hereditarf proe
perties in England, together with their Irish-estates, j
have a fair apology for non-residence; but they should I
consider that they have a duty to perform, and should
therefore make occasional visits to Ireland, and lay out
a portion of their Irish revenues in giving employment
to their poor tenants by a variety of wot ks, and in the
encouragement of manufactures, which in the end
would materially benefit themselves, by the improve-
ment of their estates; but, above all, my Lords, they
should be most particular in the selection of those per-
sons whom they appoint to the responsible sittiation of
agent, who have SC much within their power, and to
whom their employers musts look for information, and
that upon all points. By some few these matters are at-
tended to; in the very small number I feel happy in
recognising some Noble Lords, who require no advice
from me ; but I could wish it might be in their power
to prevail upon any of theii friends, who are in similar
circumstances with themselves, to act as they do. My
Lords, we now come to the second description of
absentees, who (not having any hereditary properties in
England) have in general no fair apology for deserting
their country, and should therefote be exhorted to re-
turn, and lay out a part at least of their incomes among
those from whom they derive them ; and thus make
themselves uselul and of more consequence than ever
they can expect to he while resident in a distant part of
the Empire, or, perhaps, out of it altogether. By the
bye, I would here state, and I do so with great plea-
sure, that a short time previously to my leaving Ireland,
I heard of the return of some who had not been resi-
dent on their estates for many years. I trust their ex-
ample may have a beneficial effect. Ilasing said this
much respecting our absentees, I woulsi bete observe,
that of late much has been done for Ireland, much
is doing, but much, very much, remains to be
done; and I am free to confess that I fed the utmost
confidence in the good wishes of his Majesty's Ministers,
and in their anxiety for the improvement and ameliora-
tion of Ireland; but here I mutt decidedly repeat, that
much is beyond their cotatotal, and much depends upon
our being true to ourselves and attentive to the wants of
our tenantry. My Lords, it is a moo pleasing and encou-
raging circumstance to observe the very general spirit
of inquiry which now prevails throughout England as
tb the state of Ireland, and the best mode for effecting a
radical change in the habits of the people. This op-
pears to have been principally excited by the vi.itation
which it pleased the ALMIGHTY to inflict upon the land
in the year 1822, and which, though at the time a most
severe scourge, yet must be considered as a blessing, in-
asmuch as it has drawn forth the philanthropic feelings
of England in a manner never to be forgotten, and has '
done more to eradicate old and inveterate prejudices
than any act of the Legislature ever could do. Indeed,
my Lords, Were it nut for the inflammatory speeches of
certain orators scarcely a shade of them would remain.
However, one lasting benefit has arisen from this spa it
of inquiry, in the formation of several most useful insti
tutiont ; and among the number I shall take leave to
motion tine as being likely to have much influence; it
is designated "The British and Irish Ladies' Society for
Improving the Condition of the Female Peasantry in
Ireland, " and is under the patronage of two of our 11-
lustt ious Princesses and a most amiable and Noble Lady,
whose influence I have no doubt will stimulate the ex-
ertions of those Ladies, who have influence, on both
