EUROPEAN SCENERY.

Just published, complete in Five Volumes, imperial evo. containing
upwards of Thrce I4undred highly-finished Engravings, by the
most eminent Artists, forming an interesting Series of the most
Picturesque Views in the utidermentioned Countries, viz.
FRANCE, lion) Drawings by Captain- BATTY,
price '27. 4s.
GERMANY, from Drawings by Captain Batty, price AI- 416
ITALY, from Drawings by Miss Batty,,price £6. 611.
SWITZERLAND, from Drawings by Major Cockburn,
price Xt.

SICILY, from Drawings by M. Dewiot, price 47. 44. ft •
Any Volume may be purchased Itteparately at the above named
prices, or the whole handsomely and uniformly done up and lettered.
Printed for.Rodyrell and Martin, 40, New Bond-street.
N.B. A few of the large Paper Copies, in 4to. with Proof Ittt.
pressions of the above (Offering Italy) ate yet remaining.
Subscribers who lave not completed their sets are requested to
do so without delay, as they may not be able later.

This day was published, in crown Ong: ggiettjls, 11
. the Second Edition or ,
LETTERS to RICHARD HEBER,- ESQ. M.P.
containing Critical Remarks on the Serlesbf Novels beginning
With " %Vayerley," and an Attempt to ascertain their Author.
" If thou he'st a man, show thyself In thy libitum ; if thou best
a devil, tacit as thou list."—Tmerws, Act 111. Se. 2.
Printed fur Rodwell and Martin, New Bonciatrett.

On the 25th instant will be published; 1
. . I
Xortilii.
With the Almanacks, embellished with no emblematical . •
piece, containing a Medallion Portrait of Captila Puri,
in extra boards, ._. .k
IIM ES TELESCOPE for 1821.; or, etijirtii-x•
Gums to the Almanacs : containi4 an Explanation Ot tabu'
Days and holidays; illustrations of British Ilietory and Antigtil-
ties, Notices of Obsolete Rites and Customs, Sketches of conseara.-
tive Chronology and contemporary_ Biolgiaphy ; 'Astronomical Oc-
currences throughout the Year ; Remark:* on the Phenomena of
the Celestial Bodies; Reflections on' he Slirly Heavens; rod 'the
Naturalist's Diary. To, which are prefixed, an Introduction, con-
taining the, Outlines of liistorical and Phydcal Geography; and im
Ode to Flowers. . .
By BERNARD n03.6g. - -
London : Printed fur Sherwood, Jones, and Co. Piternosterlow.
N. B. It having been found necessary to reprint some of the early.
and recent volumes of 'lime's Telescope, any single volume may
now be had io complete sets, as well as complete sets from the
commence's:tilt.
" Taken altogether, Time's Telescope is one of the bestirodue.
tions to be put into the hands of youth, which oar tekmisg Press
sends forth. It leads by easy toads to improving studies; it is'esl,
ceedingly various ; it is full of hints for thinking; aokit is honest ,
and unprejudiced. From the ebild of bye years of age to thentiture
of fifty, it will afford both entertainment and in;elligenee."—ti-
terary.Gazette.
. .

TO SPORTSMEN.
TM. day was published, embellished with Plates, price 9s. in boards,
A New and Improved Editlin. of.
/[:HE sH,TER'S C011PANION; comprising to-
LL and Management* ;Amur
ralitcb all - •
G,

Owstuset places Hoe.
• ,
Thy house, ind In the rap of life,
• • That lunsey-drcip) thy pleating wife.
QOCRATES, by his discourse on Marriage, so enrop-
k..7 tared his anditeri.widithe subject, that the ntarried men flew
to their *rites, andthe bachelors Mistimed to bt, wedded ; std 'lke
Spectator" has affirmed, th&the word" wife ls the nicht agreeable
and delightfut name in agnate.
The sadred lastitutien; then, of marriage, compasses the ileade-
ratueu alllll cniarnent: to . not only with happiness an
earth, but disposing the soul itself to harmonize with bliss hereafter.
.Prevines, however, to meting into this hallowed obligation, I
becomes an imperative duty, not oitly to regulate the pastiont,
to cleanse the grosser nature from those iinpurities which the .1
dbm of msttistticted pleasure stay have entailed upon it. "To tie
neglect of such attention are attributable many of those baplmetak
dances, which, while they excite the ccnnotiseration of tbe
holdert tsbeikl also Impress biro with the fear of sell-reproath, -
LnxseioushabitawUleffen sinise the, body—a resitheuce iu the
pits will relax the elastic 6D[/—but mere especially does the •
mature Wattled's et youth too frequently compromise the natinal
dignity into a state of Madden, from whence the agonized suf-
ferer more than doubts the chance of relief. To alt such, thee.
we address ourselves, offering hope--energy--muscular strength...-
felicity ; nor will our adverts's appear questionable, sanctioned ea
Tare by the multiplied proofs of 20 years successfuVeiperienne.
The posy cares of married life are sometimes disturbed by the sate
• !ton of those bleishigs vibich concentrate the stupdal-wrealk
the female itabit is often ceeistitutionally weak—yet It can be
iiiengtheibtand.deficieut energy improved -inteluactional power.
In every caase,.#;sythAtjihotrusien, y weU y in every re
don of tile gesseeptrotectunircsre .11141 e our ability to cure
.1
p.14.4261` Rort sOidem *re • - -
taken

*•; * :
Pit cOLErbi• • ! •
• • . ••
The" Mat:4.164, etitiels 'sire froin 4port• 4'4%141 i-
niitiy Of the Interior fez die ***SINS, presenleii. ,to the
Congress of Cetiolnilia,lfieyWilllseread With intireif in
this try, its jCriim , from an 4164 skinrie,
66e df the steittallisterriiil. condifirikiff IWO Re‘Pliblii:
The• iirib of nil-n*01.167W ieted-'• ;.• if Its. the
Intuition- eif' slavery is•FighlY to k 17014 n -
1111 t* • . 'The 11.1 inister ird trail that his'iiii ati tette' m
IN Meiiiireilit liropesis for the'graduiti 'erhaficipation
'Ut the dairei, kid the a's4t,•'" We Mit 4 des right, whether
Ave Safer by it ortsise It ii;lihtreveitirhighly ques-
.tionitble whether hinny- poirit sof ' these meatuses
ip • sous too the interests Of Ctflornbiil.
• This' to the Corigrest, and Enblithed
in the. tiesesidlptrs, is an efeellect instance of the adien-
rtes of the repreteitfittlie syiterit. 'EVeit gtilti in the
.notintry has an Opptittanity of milt* what the :Whinier
sitys-,of tinning his ihOtights toititdt• suggestions for
the:general good;_ and if that ciniCealtnent and 'fraud
which was so preialeat ander' the Spanish system in
these countries, is at ante reistrered iMprrictiCable.
„ ,LiazaTy or Title .SIFAVEL—The litiw of the 19th of
ialy Of The year 11; which gave libeity to all -thinew-
rbOrn offs Print Of dives; which abolished • tbe- traffiC in
iiegenei., and established Committees of Maneritisslon,
has been eiecuted threihhcnit the Republic. In Detem-
ber of the same year, being the term fixed hylew for
liherathlk such shies as. the fends"apPfrbirlated for
thin Purplige'Wereentinpetent to redeem=, ieveral received
tlieir liberty, bleishlt the Legislators if 'Cairmliia, who
had 'granted them such happiness. The niirnher libe-
rated last December was still greater, and the Govern-
ment entertains well-fOUnded hopes. that the funds *ill
annually increase. ,
It seems that io certain provinces'df the Republic an
apprehension exists,, that by. the extinction of slavery,
the productions of the oil and the Working of the mines
will Le diminished. is an event that may happen;
but it is uncriestionably a minor evil to the inhabitants
of those provinces, compared with that of living amidst
a volcano, ever ready to explode with dreadful effect:
it is better that their agricuiture and mines should suf-
fer paitial ills, to which gradual remedies may be ap-
plied, than, by continuing
.the former personal slavery,
insensibly heap up combustibles for aterlible confla-
gration. It is well known, that in this 01111tUILEY.BUT
Legislators have been animated by the most profound
foresight and justice.
LIBERTY OF TIIE NATIVE INDIAWS."-The greater
part of the civilized Indians of Colombia have ever been,
'and indeed still are, -a thoroughly degrade: class. They
'nave been reduced by the Spanish law to a perpetual
apprenticeship, and it may with truth be said that they
wets the slaves of their Clergy and Alealdes. Both the
one and the other were in the habit of ordering them to
be publicly scourged, whether old or yoimg, and for the
most trifling faults. Thus they lived oppressed and in
subjection ; their physical and moral energies utterly
lost. Reduced to cultivate their lands in common, they
felt no interest in improving them ; and with no other
desire than that of vegetating in their vilthges, they
passed their lives in n.i4ery, and were scarcely able to
pay their annual tribute, 414! xis to nine dollars, which
the law deinan,led fiom all Mlles between the age' of
eighteen and fifty.
The first general Congress; well aeqoainted with the
condition of thedirdian,•:, and deiiroos of extending to
them the and,civit-rights of citizens, sanctioned
the law rendering all Indians ecktuil In privileges with
the rest of Coldnibiai suppressing the tributes End
bodily labour introduced among them through abbsis ;
add providing fcir a division of the common lands, in
paspetuitys. within the space of five years. . •Rnant,
..CIiettITABLE Isorterarnotte.-There.art in a,
*di to, and. Caraccas, i table institutions;'.er-latises
destined for the itipport of the poor; and in Which' Hier
can work at some trade. The ativerisimeor GS-lately
founded a sithilar institution in Pamplona.
NATUBALIZATIOR or FORBIGNERS.II4IIIOIIIIIiIIe
• views which animated the first general Co3w.psioisapc-
' tioning the 18$d Article of the Constitution, andr.-e
law of the Sd of SepteMber of the year 11; for AV id-
mission•and eaturalizition of foreigivers, have begini to
take effect. Many have already solicited 'letters- of ha-
toralization ; and by admitting them as adopted sons,
Colombia acquires capitalists, and indnstrinus;rpenwho
will increase her populaiiou and her wealth: At the crose
of last year, 14 letteri of hittnealielthan
The Government i;perstiadecli•that the kedpeeity of
Colombia requirei that every possibile facility alionld be
granted to the naturalization of foreignerei,lispecilly
m such as bring with the that cseitakef.'w hie e.
public stands so notch 'in neiaa Pot fri_i•ieascin and
others ecptally poweiful, it will 110164 hinelitialifiee-
move 411 Unnecessary diffic o I tie! in the way of °braiding
letters of naturalisation. This may ,partly. be sitcom_
pushed by enacting, that in lieu of 6,p00.i49Nrs i9,airi-
culpral property, -ay.eaactvd bythetieireoth article of
the law of the Stf SePtember, in. as 4 yeif it, sheaf' be
subilittited landed Property of everY'deieriptiiiii,•flitni-
nislung the sum to 4,000 dollatte,' Thus every fereigoer
may easily acquire letters of naturalization, and thereby
increase the capital and the population of the country.
MINES.—The mining provinces of Colombia, which
are Antioquia, Chuco, Popayank mt of the rovinices
of Neyva, and Pampeluna,coatknueyilding gel.{dust.
The EicCutive hopes that in foltcie the. production of
our ofd minei (which • are the' Syrtiy
.worked) will yield arnie abtrodaitly..' Theasiine 'causes
which affect the advance antideclattl Of out wriel;ltute;
influence also our mineFale7uttict“ign±: •
Senoot.e.— 'the laW of the 2d I ,vg,st,• 151.211
which enjoined the estiblnkiheill. 'Cater in'
evert parish ColUstifsie hatibt•ei47:46‘loest #lnff as
(141 as cireunistaocensiksuirVndmit.... as sersilfoldfstie
already estahlisbedi,ediettatv. Os- :plotassini, opst, Ole
taleemstment enteimins hoßealtliirt, roriryasayisApod
minute pun thcideitu ~,140060145e
. • J I' .......

I e' •

articles liar- r 1 'Lir. •7clivy a...". ... ---- --_,_ __. _ ._ .... , •
..,
:41ical Gentle- «IL realms' for. the Ilreeding and Management.of Netters sad
2." '''-' vi it I.l2irik'llsoortigliseam'avul7s7o"e7pOlu'tll7l;feelrng
Inientio, has roirters, and for the Cure of Diseases to which all Dogs tre liable; . q1,,,,17i5h da- a
Royal Letters with.an lOistorleal Descipdoil of -Winged Mime and VC Ild Fowl; imp cI OM the till pielletiltptlfot!li taken_ up, we de-
om
I,lii
3s .u.iittat mist t 6 Fowling-pike ottsldered, particelarly hi it relates to the-V. viate6venfrombooogeneraer general principles Withivlllsklowoars4filie; Ind.coudoetohd?
utensturin.
;int:Tied Ref. Of VrcussTon Powder-sr the various alethuds of.ruakiing igeorl ear .i , 1 V .
tu4les falsely best ;iota:cid out. Ur ficeritl;44e. OgadAtifLOrllags-Ath, 7. .1 ws C.cjir dile , of either tea (especially c
, iti..ixrang th 1 )it whid tot dot house. where ,
itAle7jap-el r rzp4inerl; with the reason ,why one datemetite, of sturP is I.43fit_fht.
stunt& ls' •f& #etabeill esiselltdditi; and leuer,
—NI4I in 1. to anithies., ghootingilitistrated;,,and the alts of
.10.....,i50ung. Fri-v
l'Ai, titAer the frig ezerniplillect d'a 'clearly laid dow6. /Si r;artte rain, and esti", . MN 40
„,,,104.-111044111teki summit ;',*.let* Inuit crt.iin .
gaits: Robin: InTotniiiidi 6floneded viiate the -OW of sit•Sqwlligiiiitee. -1 -. • * dtlitaultire it
4111-IPfVf..Mcd*Wns lab" can be forwarded w E
id are, there- ..•- .. . .' • 4kr T. D• slionlWPM> .- if.-,-, ;"""' ' ' 481"8. :619"..'0.:\. ' 5 •.. :. x; it. c. s.*4.fii, 1.10.11
aiShlPS,atid " 1144 ja a. r *VI 111.90V01d Wf ii-_,A,:' ~! 1:45,,i: •...i.i,..4 •': • - - • ~- "- • ) Arteetilliutslo., s ~
' ulna nntr,”o4lllu./tiV'MenA nr).So—..• .• .. ....m.. • ~,.ittawinisaiiistkPilbll4ll“o624oll66.4o,o4oeasivriond• );Zle;A:soremistift;...l,oani-: '
the Patentee, )60 to those Oho may oestitiViT .. . f
thceurner of We tu'if ad, tisat his nut t a ikciAti. : . . . . - ,
~
g 9.0, Ilegett- : Wit et siai isilut iati.Oniriv. *if Isistultvg 10 11/Og „.. . . .dr
li .bi b 0 it Ofl4:Zrteral 4
(14/1 .;
:,44A-' . 4160-5 114 -Fleet ' 1
- • •3 • "'''.i.- ' . s ..0 • (
rkvillti-street. 4; titbaligkili itid can wield; papal:ll'4**,l.i in, 1,.• • • "ler .i .
Grcicgr"lc.
Wcb"ll4leitifthogrttpliettif4rims," •,? 11.31 • •': A At;
iL - : '77". ••_-
dust :.
