Advertisement►in the same period published by all the
papers in the British Isles 1,000,000
From which, by a very simple calculation, the number of adver-
tisements published annually must be as under :
Advertisements published by four hundred papers in Britain and
Ireland.

In Britain
In Ireland

- 878,337
- 121,683

1,000,020
or in round numbers, there are one million of advertisements pub-
lished annually in Britain and Ireland. These, if equally divided
among 400 newspapers putting forth 680 publications weekly, or
30,000 in the year, would allow 33 to each ; but fbr the press gene.
rally, the number will not exceed 20, when the extra share of a few
leading Journals is deducted. From this statement, we arrive at
the following extraordinary result :—There are nearly a half more
advertisements published in the 12 daily ;papers of New York,
sham in all she 400 papers of Britain and Ireland, including the
18 daily Journals of London !
Thus we find that in Britain, the number of advertisements pub-
lished annually is only one tenth of what are published in America.
Now, Britain has twice the population of America, and more than
twice the ardount of business, and ought therefore to have twice
the quantity of advertising. It follows that, whether we compute
by business or population, the quantity of advertising in America,
Is to that In Britain as TWISTY TO OXE!
" From a gentleman connected with the press in Liverpool," says
the writer of this exposi, " I find that thenumber of advertisement*
which appear in one week in the eight papers published in that
town, is about 760. The comparison with Boston stands thus—
Advertisements published weekly in Boston . - 16,000
Advertisements published weekly in Liverpool 760
Now, Liverpool has twice as many inhabitants as Boston, and
at last three times as much business. Observe then the marvellous
contrast : Liverpool, which ought to have thrice as much adver.
tilting as Boston, has only one-twentieth part of the quantity, and
the true proportion, in the Advertising, when business and popula-
tion are taken into account, is as FIFTY on SIXTY TO OWE ix
favour of the American town I"

He next preemie m give vs a sompatation of the charges for any
number of hassrtions is a Lendas Paper and a New York Paper:—
An advertisement of 20 lines limo tai once, costa—
l!' a London Paper . - -
In a New York Paper
The second insertion of such an advertisement costs—
In a London Paper - . . 13s.
In a New York Paper - - 2s. 241.
The third and every additional insertion ants—
In a London Paper • . -13 s.
Ina New York Paper . - Os. Sid.
The insertion of such an advertisement every day for one week
001 M-..
Ina London paper . . . 13 18 0
In a New York paper . . 0 7 7
•
The insertion of such an advertisement every day for one year
costs—

13s.
31. 3d.

In a London papa
In a New York papa (32 del/ari;) 6 18 8
Thus, for advertisements inserted more than two times, the charge
in London is to the charge in New York, as twenty-four to one 1
Sven an Muftis/omits not repeated, it will be as eight or ten to
one!

From such premises the conclusion is of easy solution :—" I
thank," " says he, Nit may be fairly cesseluded, firma the detalb I
have given, that the present duty of Es ild suppresses nine advertise.
matt out of ten, or Isere probably nineteen out of twenty, which
irouldetheserive go to the onrspapers t and I submit yam, that
a tax operating so mischievously, and yielding only ElOO,OOO per,
annum, has less title to be considered as a source of revenue, thsh'
as es mine ter extinguishing the business of advertising, and Is
obstructing and depressing all thoas branehee of trade which re.
Take Its aid. !doubt If another instance tun belouid in'the whole'
circle of our revenue, where me sum yielded to the Exchequer Is so
small compared with the injury Inflicted by the tax on the industry
of the country. There an two special objections to the existing

law. First, it falls with a ruinous weight on short adversisemer*,
which comprise nineteen-twentieths of the whole; and seeon4ftY, 83
the duty constitutes nearly half the price (tithes., it completely pre-
cludes the Journalist from making any abatement on advertisements
often repeated. Now every bookseller knows, that a single insertion
is of little avail, and that the whole virtue of advertising lies in fre-
quent repetition. In America, the third and all additional insertions
cost only one-sixth part of the price of the first."
We now come to the remedy; and a gentleman who has giv,n
the matter so much of his attention as the EDITOR of the .Scotsman
has done, is well entitled to attention on this head.—•' The evil
may be easily rectified without the loss of a shilling to the rever.ue.
A duty graduated according to the length of the advertisement
should be introduced. The objection to this list hitherto been,
that a legion of clerks would be required to ascertain the charge, Iv
counting the lines; but the difficulty is easily obviated. L:t the
duty be charged at so much for every inch in the length of the cu-
lutnn which the advertisement occupies. At eightpence per inch,
an advertisement of three or four lines, which now pays 3.. 6d. would
pay only 3d. or 4d. of duty. Short announcements of books or r:.
views published this day,' coaches to start, or bteam boat, ur
packets to sail, of exhibitions opened, and of a thousand
things requiring many repeated insertions, might then be put in fur
a fifth or a sixth part of the sum now charged. To booksellers, t,,
shipping companies, to agents, salesmen, and auctioneers, to all s
find it necessary to advertise frequently, the change would he in-
estimably advantageous. sums are paid to keep up a pewestablishment, establishment, that one 2:2:m may be enabled to correspond
easily with another in a distant quarter, and is it not worth an effort
to relieve advertising from the fetters that destroy its utility ; anti t..
place it on a footing which would render it a universal medium ut
correspondence for enabling all the persons in the kingdom, who
make or import commodities, to communicate with all the person.
who consume them ? My great object, concludes the editor, I a.. 11
confident, wift'be gained. if his majesty's ministers will only take the
trouble to enquire into the effects of the present advertisement duty,
the evils attending which appear to me so flagrant, and the crepe.
diency and advantage of a change so clear, that even a slight invest!.
gation must, I am certain, dliorizite every doubt."
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.
OXFORD, ;jir 27.
Thursday, the following degrees were conferred :
MASTERS OF ARTS.
_

Rev. George liuddleston, Merton College.
Francis Jeune, Scholar of Pembroke College.
Other Phillpott, St John•e College.
BACHELORS OF ARTS.

Rev. Thomas Bullock, St. Alban Hall.
Sackville George Casement, Christ Church.
Wednesday the Rev. Thomas Brereton, B.C.L. Fellow of LI.?
New College, was presented, by the Wanlen and Fellows cf that
Society, to the Vicarage of Steeple Illorden, Cambridgeshire, cuii
by the death of the Rev C. Reynell.
The Rev. Henry Barry Domville, M.A. of Oriel College, ha%
been instituted, by the Lord Bishop of Hereford, to the Rector) of
Pencombe, in the county of Hereford, on the presentation of Si.
Compton Domvile, Bart. MA.
Rev. E. H. B. Estcourt, M.A. Fellow of Merton College,
been presented, by the Warden and Fellows of that Society, to ti.:
Vicarage of Great Wolford, Warwickshlte.
The Rev. John Cecil Hall, B.C.L. Student of Christ Church, ar.d
son of the late Dean, is presented to the Rectory of Oftham, Kent.
—Patron, the King.

ECCLESIASTICAL PROMOTIONS.
Rev. C. Goring, B.A. of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, u,
the Rectory of Twineluun, Sussex, vacant by the resignation of alt.
Rev. Wm. John Hutchinson, M.A.—Patron, Sir Charles F.
Goring, Bart.
Rev. W. H. Greene. M.A. of St. John's College, Cambridge, a.
the Rectory of Steppingley, Bedfordshire.—Patron, the Duke of
Bedford.

Rev. H. Rose, M.A. to the Rectory of Brington, Northampton.
shire, vaunt by the resignation of the Hon. and Rev. Geo. Spencer.
—Patron, Earl Spencer.
Rey. R. C. Griffith. Rector of Condey, to be Domestic Chaplain
to the Marquis of Bath.
Hoe. and Rev. Augnstus Adolphus Turnout, to the Vicarage of
Little Melton, Norfolk, by reason of lapse.
.
THE ARMY.
LIMERICK, Manor 24.
The grand division of the 02d Regiment, under command of
Lieut.-Colonel Reid, marched out of the new Barracks on Monday
morning for Cork ; the second division followed yesterday morning
under Major Parker; and the third division this morning under
Capt. Keith. The Hon. Capt. Spencer's Company of the 60th
Rifles, marched in yesterday from
The head.quarten of the 60th Rifles marched this day from the
Castle to the New Barracks. To-morrow the first division of the
56th Regiment marches in from Birr, and will occupy die Castle
barracks.

A company of the 56th hoist Bin relieves a company of the 60t11
Rifles at Glenasheen, on Friday next. Another company of the
66th from Bin, relieves a company of the 00th at Bruff to-morrow,
Orders have this week been received for the withdrawal of the
following five Depots from the Irish establishment—the 1I th to
embark at Wexford, the Mid at Dublin, the 88th at Cork, for
England, the 72d and 91st at Donaghadee for Scotland.
The 6th Dragoon Guards (Carbineers), quartered in Dorchester,
have received their route. They are to march on the 6th of April
for Liverpool, where they will embark for Ireland. They are to be
replaced by the 2d Dragoons (Scotch Greys),
The 66th Regiment take up the detachments of the 60th and 62d
in this county.
The Commireariat Waggon Train in Dublin are to be reduced on
the 24th instant—their establishment in Baggot-street is to be fur.
rendered on the let May.
Three Officers of the Irish Staff retire on the 24th instant, viz
Colonel O'Brien, Principal Assistant Adjutant General ; Colonel
Owen, Principal Assistant Quarter Muter General ; and Major
Smith, Brigade Major of Dublin,--the duties of which situation
an hereafter to be performed by the Town Major.
No Deputy Judge Advocate is hereafter to officiate at Courts
Martial, but the President of the Court is to do this duty without
fee. The two guineas per day formerly allowed to Judge Advo-
cates will be saved by this

, .dp 1 ph:eel:ling.
HOUSE OF LORDS—Tnts DAY.

Appeals to be heard at ten o'clock.
Denchfield v. Strong—appeal, to be heard.
James v. Price, appeal, ditto.
iRDERS OF THE DAY.
Standing Order, No. 210, relative to referring certain bills to a
select committee--to be considered, in order to be amended.--(Lord+
ordered to be summoned thereon.)
Contempt in Equity Bill—to be referred to a committee.
Lunatics' Property Bill—ditto,
Property in Infants' Bill—ditto.
County Palatine of Durham Bill--ditto.
Muskett's Divorce Bill—report thereon to be considered.
Real Property Liability Bill—Suits in Equity Bill—Smugglers'
Families Maintenance Bill—lllusory Appointments' Bill—lndern.
pity (Annual) Bill—Whitesheet-Hill Road Bill—Barnwell Tithes'
Bill—Rawchre Ulnas, Common Bill—Catterick Bridge Road Bill__
Carmarthen Road Bill—Bamerton's Divorce Bill—waiting to? st-
ooad Reading.
Marriages validating Bill (with amendments}—St. Katharine',
Dock Bill—Swansea (Ms Light Bill—Ardwick.Orern Road Bill_
Sheffield Road Bill—Brunswick-square (Brighton) Improvement
Bill—waiting for third 'trading.
Dorchester Road Bill—Gaineburgh Road Bill—to be refmcd to
Committees.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS.
Lord Ring—to move resolutions respecting the Corn Laws
[Lords ordered to be specially summoned thereon.]
The Earl of Radnor—to present a petition from litrminghani.
praying for reform and relief.

HOUSE OF COMMONS—Tnis DAY.
PR I V4V-11..5.

Madamawl Bill —A rle (Gloucester) Enclosure Leonard
Illmilayielssassair) Enclosure Bill—New Cross Road Bill—New
(Wesibid_Fillarket Bill— severally to be read a second time.
Headiallaml Harbour Bill—Azmouth Harbour Bill—Liverpcol
ant
Bill—Bolton and Blackburn Road Bill—Edenfield
=illalleßolum Road Bill—Manchester Improvement Bill—Acle
aid Yarmouth am—Leeds and Selby Railway Bill—W.irrington
tali Newton Railway BilL—Broomielaw (Glasgow) Railway snd
tallial Bill—St. Helen's and Runeorn Gap Railway Bill—Saukey
beak Navigation Bill—Radstock Roads Bill—severally to be con.
Arad in Committee above stairs.
~YnnCenunissioness' Bib—Haddenhaan (Bucks) Enclosure
lam—ronit Level Drai e and Navigation (spatial) Bill—Brecon.
ahha Road n Ronde' thereon to be
lamented.
• Bouthwold Harbour Bill—Neroche Forest (Somcreetph.re) En.
donne 11111—to be read a third time.
OHDERS OF THE DA.Y.
Sheriffs in hand Bill—to be read a wood time.
His Majesty') 11 et the subject of the new Judges and the
stJ be takes irate sassiilmetien.
Fast Cast. ' Ass—Report of Cammiree, with the
fesolabbs theft/b.—to h ;nettnted.
reopplyweilopetet tiedoefan• ea Navy Estimates soterpfebentcd.
Igispal=ttaher.son.

Leila elm* in Ireland Bill—nport thereon to be presented.
Suppip—posquasi resolution to be considered.
Galway Fromehho Bill—to be considered in C3ollllittet.

LOND()N.
-....-.-.
MONDAY, MARCH 29.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock shut Do. Do. Jul.& Jan. 19i
4 per Cent. Red. shut India Bonds 81 2
3 per Ct. Cons. 921 1 I South Sea Stock 106
36 per Ct. 1818, shut £lOOO Esch.BUh 79 SO 78
Si per Ct. Red. shut .2500 Ditto
4 per Cent. 1021 i itloo and 4900 Do. 79 8
4 per Ct. 1826. shut Bank for Acct.
Lone Ann. shut India for do.
Do. SO Years, 24 1-16 Cons. for Ace. 921 I I
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Milian Bds. 6pr Ct. 1824, 21 Do Account 31
Greek Bonds, 5 Ct. Peruv. Bds. 6pr Ct. 90i
Do.B. 1825, 591 S i4O Russ. Bds. 1822, spr Q. 1101
Do. Ace. 591 8 i Sp.Bds. 5 per Ct. 141 1 1
. Mei. Bds. 5 per Ct. Sp. 11d5.1825, 5 per Ct. 9
Do.B. 1825, 6 p Ct. 31 Do. Ace.
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
INAS& FAID. MR MAIM
20 S ..

Brazilian Company

BcaziUr., Imp. (its. .es pm.) 35 20

$1 81 80e

Last night despatches were received at the Foreign
Office, in Downing-street, from Lord COWLET, our Am-
bassador at the Court of Vienna; and this morning des-
patches were also received at the Foreign Office from
Lord STUART DE ROTIISAY, OUT Ambassador at the
Court of France. It is reported that VILLELE is again
coming into power.

In the present aspect of affairs, we know not from what
source we should derive either hope or consolation, if we
did not feel assured, that the present system of TAXA-
TION—the most anomalous and grievous, as well as the
most burthensome, that ever a country was afflicted
withal, or a free people patiently endured—was not, like
all ether evils, working out its own destruction, by its un-
equal and oppressive operation ;—if we were not con-
vinced that " the axe" must soon " be laid to the foot
of the tree ;"—and that Ministers will speedily, if they do
not already, find themselves driven to the necessity ofpro-
portioning the expenditure of the State, to the almost ex-
hausted resources of the kingdom, and to the impoverished
means of the people ; and of substituting for their present
unjustifiable—because excessive and partial—mode of as-
sessment, some measure which, by equalising the distri-
bution of the public burden, may almost imperceptibly
afford relief to the poorer classes, while it renders the
settled incomes of the affluent, and the vast possessions of
the higher ranks, available to the exigencies of the nation,
and to the support of the stupendous machinery of the go-
vernment. When we thus pointedly, and directly, allude to
such incomes and possession!, we desire that our motives
may not be mistaken; and that we may not be suspected
of any invidious intention to affect their actual proprie-
tary, or to disturb the great principle of hereditary right,
which we are rather disposed to advocate, even as strenu-
ously as we would maintain the most sacred and venerable
of our constitutional immunities, thin to question or inva-
lidate. All we insist upon is the expediency, as well as the
justice, of rendering all such property liable to the impo-
sitioa of a fair and equitable scale of taxation. That such
a measure has been for some time in the serious contem-
plation of the present Ministry, we have every reason to
believe ; and we have heard it stated, upon no slight au-
thority, that a proposition for bringing it under the con-
sideration of Parliament was seriously discussed in the
Cabinet, and only rejected by one dissentient voice.
To the plan itself we have, indeed, heard it objected,
that a PROPERTY TAX WU inquisitorial in its nature:—
but we would ask, what branch of taxation is there to
which a similar objection may not be raised, on much
stronger and much more opprobrious grounds ? Were not

the provisions of that enactment by which the enjoyment
of the very light of Heaven, and the comforts of the do-
mestic hearth were taxed, infinitely more inquisitorial ?
Were not the excise laws, which gave a set of harpies
a right to ransack the property of every man, and to
enter his premises at all times and seasons, at all hours
and on all occasions, more inquisitorial in their nature, and
more grievous in their operation ?—But we have never
yet heard any argument sufficient to convince us that
those who have the largest stake in the country, and
whose interests consequently require the most protection,
should not contribute to the maintenance of those insti-
tutions, by which the affairs of that country are admi-
nistered, and that protection is afforded to them. And, hi-
therto, in what ratio have thelposseesors of actual property
contributed to such objects ? They have only been
subject to the same standard of assessment which has re-
gulated the taxation of their poorer fellow subjects. The
" King's Taxes," as they are called, have only fallen
upon them in proportion to the size and the magnificence
of their establishments ; but they have not been, and
ander the existing system they could not be, subjected,
to anything like such a ratio of taxation as their means
would warrant, or as political economists would be jus-
tified in considering at all proportioned to their circum-
stances or to their condition, when compared with those
of the great body of the people. We shall hereafter
have occasion to enter more fully into the merits of a
Property Tax—which, unpalatable as it may be to those
who have so long enjoyed an injudicious and unfair ex-
emption from its infliction, we cannot but look upon as
the inevitable consequence of a state of things which
they have themselves so selfishly tolerated, and even
encouraged,—satisfied as they were with any measure of
the government that did not infringe upon their own dig-
nities, their privile?es, and their indulgencies.
Our attention has, however, been called by the clever
and forcible statement of a northern contemporary— The
Scotsman—to a subject which, although it most seriously
involves our own personal interests and our feelings, we
never before regarded in such a light as we now do ;
but which we must confess appears to us almost a
matter of reproach to the professed advocates of uni-
versal knowledge, and the indefatigable stimulators
of the " march of mind." The duties which have so
long been imposed upon the public press—that is to
say upon newspapers and advertisements,—have hitherto
escaped all that animadversion to which they seem pecu-
liarly obnoxious—as constituting, not only an impost upon
the spread of intelligence, but actually, a tax upon human
intellect. That advertisements, as being essentially
conducive to all the purposes of commerce, and to the
advancement of particular and individual interests, should
be subjected to a slight duty, we think just and reason-
able ; but that the very Paper upon which the intelli-
gence of the day, the news of foreign countries, and the
passing events of our own, are printed and circulated,
should be taxed at a rate exceeding thrice the value
or cost of the paper itself, does seem to us—in the
most emphatic meaning of the term—" too bad."
The " disabilities" thus imposed upon a Press, boast-
ing of its freedom, are vexatious to the parties whom
they affect, without being productive of such advan-
tages to the revenue as can at all counterbalance the evil,

or as a more liberal policy could not fail to produce. But
the mischief does not rest here; for the mere manufacture
of ?paper is subject to a duty, so that the most trifling
written communication—nay ; the very exercise of the
mental faculties, the transmission of our thoughts—be-
comes a source of emolument to the Government. But
these are parts, and small parts only, of a system, which,
as we before said, is now fast working out its own de-
struction.

The Folitical fermentation now agitating France, in-
spires our editorial seers with the most gloomy presages
of awful result, big with some stupendous concussion !
a dethronement !—and a republic ! Sinister predictions,
uttered without due reflection, founded on hasty deductions
from mistaken premises, and which, being transmitted to
print, cruelly add to the vain terrors conveyed to the minds
of the too confiding princes of the Tuilleries, by designing
despots, trembling lest the contagion of French freedom
should spread to their respective frontiers, and rouse sla-
very at last to impose limits to their tyranny. While all
aghast at the inexorable spread of independence and im-

proving reason, the Roman conclave—weaving in busy
darkness a complicated web of political intrigue, to avert
threatened ruin—urges its tonsured militia, with eager
desperation, to find, in the weakness of royalty, and the
cupidity of its minions, a bar to the progress of public
opinion : but the united resistance of France to an ob-
noxious Ministry—the known and convicted agents
of Rome and Vienna—rather proves the fixed sin-

cerity of her Constitutional attachments, than sub-
stantiates the bandied charge of inconstancy, which
it is the hacknied practice of some of our writes to
raise against her. What people on earth, until the revo-
lution of 1792, can produce on historical record more
glorious testimony of generous forbearance, and patient
docility under the hand of Government ? More respect
for established institutions ? More devotion and fidelity to
their princes? And if at last, tortured beyond human en-
durance, they dashed down the whelming burthen;—the
violent delirium, the monstrous exaggeration, and fluctu-
ating principles that alternately distracted the bosom of
France, prove that contumacious and refractory conduct
was in her an unusual, a distressing, and an unnatural
state of being.

Prior to that period, it was our fashion to taunt and decry
the French people as heartless, willing slaves, while they
retorted the charge of turbulence, fickleness, and sedi-
tion ; sarcastically averring, that " British history should
be written in letters of blood by the hand of the common
executioner:"—and at last, when France rushed into her
revolutionary career, did she not profess to hold us up as
models, both in end and means ; her legitimate object
being truly to erect a constitution similar to. that
with which, at her very door, we were proudly and
cruelly tantalising her wretchedness—and whilst the

variety of subsequent schemes of republican go-1
vernment she adopted in her phrenzy, were but the
desperate expedients of a sorely afflicted peoplehvilling at
any price to escape from the cruel oppression and un-
wearied machinations of these very persecutors, who still
hope in their infatuation to break down her spirit, or en-
tice her to the adoption of the superannuated cast-off
systems she has repudiated in abhorrence, energetically
and eternally ? But republican forms were neither prac-
ticable, nor were they those for which she yearned ; 1
true to the object of her primary choice, she successively
relinquished them in disgust—till, wearied with a
struggle to defend herself from feudal oppression.
on one hand, and democratic tyranny on the other, abs
threw up her cap for the Corsican, and in pursuit of
glory and conquest endeavoured to drown the memory of
her awful sacrifice and disappointed hope : -but no sooner
was the standard of military despotism plucked down,'
than she once more sprung forward in transport to reclaim
that kind of government of which she was enamoured from
the beginning, and which she still secretly coveted through
all the horrors of anarchy and change of revolution.
France, therefore, when embracing her present constitution
under Bourbon auspices, only returned to the object of
her original predilection, and the many ruptures and
mutations that have since intervened in her political
existence, might fairly be adduced ar.proofs of unalterable
affection for the Government which first tempted her to
dare, rather than of wanton caprice and experimental
favor. But when she recovered her just equilibrium, and
assumed the beauty of representative freedom, partici-
pating in the fruits of our national experience, and taught,
by the detection of our guilty corruptions, to eschew
the abuses which deface a Constitution, once the
envy and admiration of the world ; she projected, in her
conscious rectitude, to pursue a path to the attainment of
excellence which has rendered her more terrible than
when she humbled crowns and swept all before the
thunders of her cannon, to the vicious governments around
her ; unyielding to the times, and ungrateful towards
the millions who had been sacrificed so long and so pro-
fusely to maintain their iron sceptres. Leipsic and
Waterloo had no sooner rescued the monarchs of Europe
from their terrors, than, regretting the past, they at once
resolved—not to profit by late sufferings—but to enjoy
once more the full sweep of their old Gothic tyranny,
and again tread down the nations to a state of convenient
slavery. Above all, the crazy, illiberal house of Haps-
burg, trembling for Italy, and afraid lest one ray of light
should penetrate to the motley demi-civilized popula.tion
over which it has so long hung like a hump, invoked
its crowned brothers of Christendom to form a general
political police, yclept a holy alliance, tp protect its Hun-
garian Boors, and savage Croats, from the infection of
Italian Carbonari, and German Burchen-illuminati.
From France, regenerated France, poured a torrent of
light, which it was of vital and immediate necessity to
extinguish, and for this end the conspirators appealed
to the craft of Rome, and the known aptitude of her
mischievous Jesuits; while CASTLEREAGH, that Oli-
garch Minister of Constitutional England, fiercely
resenting the clamour of Reform, and exasperated
to behold the dangerous example of France aspiring
to all the purity, prosperity, and strength of re-
presentative government, with an humbled Aristocracy—
disseminated wealth—the rights of primogeniture abolished
—unincumbered with debt, and consequently unop-
pressed with taxes;—all of which promised soon to tan-
talize England in turn with a picture of things, for which
we are doomed to sigh in vain :—He, with the knaves of
his faction, joined this collusion of immortal wickedness;
and from that time—with the exception of CANN nq o's
brief interruption—France has not breathed one instant
free from a thousand combined attempts to lead her
astray, and subvert her institutions. The simultaneous and
determined opposition offered to the acknowledged tool of
the confederaey, namely Vi LLELE, still exerting aneocult
influence, and to the complacent POLIGN AC, is therefore no
proof of wavering principle, but rather a testimony of firm
and consistent adherence to the constitution. The French
want no republic—no change of dynasty—the name
of Bourbon is still dear : and, distinguishing between
weakness and malice prepense, they can allow for the
perplexity and indecision of a Prince distracted by
pernicious councils, and so peculiarly situated with
powerful and crafty allies. The people of France wish
to preserve, and will preserve the institutions which
have coat them so dear—they watch with a jealous eye
every motion of the conspirators ; while sick and ashamed
of their crouching submission to the enemy of nations,
Spain, Portugal, and ill-fated Italy, may soon be destined
to burst their fetters, and follow the march of France and
Belgium :—and FRANCIS, FERDINAND, and MIGUEL,
the conclave METTERNICH, WELLINGTON, and ABER-
' DREW, after machinating against the happiness of man-
kind during fifteen years, may leave their memories to the
execration of mankind, tortured as they close their eyes
with this bitter reflection—TßEY HAVE PERSECUTED
HUMANITY IN VAIN 1

The Duke of RICHMOND made out a strong case,
and unless Ministers were prepared to chew that his
data was false, which they did not attempt to do,
they were bound to examine into the causes of that
distress which is breaking down the peasantry and fast
redacing agriculturists and manufacturers to bank-
ruptcy and pauperism. If Ministers have done all
they can for the relief of the country, they might be
expected to favour inquiry ; if they cannot control
the evils that oppress its energies they have nothing
to fear from the fullest investigation ; and the country
would have borne up with increased patience under
its heavy burdens, had they shown a disposition to lessen
those burdens, were it in their power. But they are care
ful to oppose a Committee of Inquiry, because they are
afraid to encounter the truth. We wish they would at
least be ooneistent in their dealings with the public and not
let their legesdeotain,if:Loraust practice it, be so palpable.
We have this Session mote held tee&sa,
which have boo iebeelnendydi:2ehd or umbra point-
less by evasive aspienaliene, than we wad expect to
have read in the wilds ewes of a saves years' years' Perlis-
mint. —Sheleld Ileresry.

CITY, TWELVE o'c.i.oar.
MAILS ARRIVED AND DUE THIS MORNING.

D. I a.

Dublin .. 0
Waterford..... 0
Guern.&Jersey 0
Buenos Ayres... 0
Brazil

O France .0 0 Lisbon .. o
O Flanders 0 0 Jamaica 0
O Holland 0 0 Sweden...... 0
O Hambursh ..
O Mediterranean . 0

The Express from Paris this morning does not bring any politics
news of consequence, nor is there any fear that the Capital will bl
in the least disturbed.

Consols opened this morning at 921 1 for the Account being the
same price they left of on Saturday, since which they have been
done at 921 for the Account ; and for Money 921 1.
The Foreign Market at present is in a stagnant state, and the
prices must be the suns as on Saturday.
We have but few arrivals this morning.

The following is an extract of Bolivar's address to the Constitu
dorsal Assembly at Bogota, which refutes the many reports of his
aspiring to be aowned King of Colombia.
" Legislators,—From this forward liberty will be indestructible in
America, you see that the savage nature of this continent is of itself
sufficient to repel the monarchical form of Government, inserts are
favourable to independent here. We have no Grandees, either iris.
tocratical or ecclesiastical. Our riches were inconsiderable, and
now they are reduced in a still greater degree : though the church
enjoys some influence, she is far from aspiring to dominion,
being satisfied with her own preservation without such
supports. Tyrants never remain permanent; and if ambiti.
ous men should engage in raising empires for themselves, the
fate of Dessalines, Christophe, and Iturbide, will warn them what
they have to expect: no power finds greater difficulty to maintain
itself than that race. Buonaparte, who vanquished so many armies,
could not succeed in overcoming this rule, which is stronger
than empires; and if the great Napoleon was made to
maintain himself against the league of Republicans' and' Mist°.
oats who may hope to find Monarchs in America, in a soil warmed
and illuminated by the bright flames of liberty, in a soil which
consumes the materials used for erecting these legal platforms, no
legislators fear any pretenders or aspirants to Crowns ?"

HALF.PAST ONE.

We have no animation in the Funds. In the early part of the
morning the jobbers turned out a few Console which they had pur.
chased on Saturday, for the purpose of creating some business.
Consols have been done at, during the morning, on I and 921 for
the Account, at tpresent they are 92j ; and for hloney 924, with
a dull market. We have a late arrival from Jamaica by a merchant
ship. The Jamaica packet sailed the Bth of July. No papers have
come to hand.

The accounts from the country are favourable. Numbers of
persons are obtaining employment. The Foreign Market is as
dull as that of the British ; Greek has improved i per cent.

The intelligence from the French ports this morning
continues to speak of the great activity prevailing there
to fit out the expedition against Algiers. It will be
ready for sea by the end of the next month. The demand
for vessels as transports had caused such a scarcity,
that freights have undergone a very considerable ad-
vance; so ruinous indeed that the merchants have re-
frained from shipping in consequence. This was par-
ticularly the case with oils, the manufacture of which
had been suspended. The Sardinian vessels had, by
permission of the King of Sardinia, been allowed to charter
themselves as transports to the French Government.
