NERVOUS COMPLAINTS, AND DEBILITY.

D_
R. FOTHERGILL'S NERVOUS DROPS. To
those who are afflicted with Nervous disorders and their
various distressing affections, as Oppression of Spirits, Head Aches,
Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Spasms, Tremors, Fainting Fits, and
Debility Of Relaxation of the System, it is confidently recom-
mended to Lave recourse to the above celebrated Medicine, from
which they are assured of obtaining immediste relief, and by a due
perseverance in it agreeably to the directions given, the complete

of -their be.Alth.

Sold in Bottles, at 4s. ed. 11a. and tie. by Diallers, Chen:gists, 4,
Cheapside, corner of St. Paul's ;4, 54, Sackville-street, Dublin ;
and 73, Prince's-street, Edinbu ; Savory and Co. 136, New
Bond-street, and 220, Regent-street; and by the principal Me.
dicine Vender, throughout the United Kingdom.
Of whom may be had, Dr. FOTHERG ILL'S TONIC
FEM ALE PILLS, recommended in general Debility of the

Constitution ; also as a safe and excellent esemedy in these perio-
slical irregularities which Females, of delicate and languid circula-
unn, more especially the younger port aro liable to. In Boxes at
Is. Ind. and 2s. 9d.

t' Mnus et platens uxor."—Hoa.
Thy house, and (in the cup of life,
That honey-drop) thy pleasing wife.
lIAPPINESS " the gay to-morrow of the mind" is
insured by marriage ; " the strictest tie of perpetual Friend-
14ip." is a gift from Heaven, cementing pleasure with reason, by
which, rays Johnson, " we approach in some degree of associadon,
With celestial jots-M.7nm."
Previous, however, to entering into this hallowed obligation, it
becomes an imperative duty, not only to regulate the passions, but
to cleanse the grosser nature from those impurities which the free-
dom of unrestricted pleasure may have entailed upon it. To the
&elect of such attention, are attributable many of those hapless
instances which, while they excite the commiseration of the be-
holder, should also impress him with the fear of self-reproach.
Luxurious habits will effeminize the body—a residence in the
tropics will relax the elastic fibre—but more especially does the
premature infatuation of youth too frequently compromise the na-
tural dignity into a state of inanition, from whence the agonized
sufferer more than doubts the chance of relief. Teall such then,
ve address outselves, offering hope,' energy, muscular strength,
felicity ; nor will our advances appear questionable sanctioned as
they are by the multiplied proofs of 20 years' successful experience.
The easy cares of married life are pometimes disturbed by the
suspension of those blessings which concentrate the nuptial wreath
—for the female habit is often constitutionally weak—yet it can be
i'esgthened, and deficient energy improved into functional power.
1.1 every case of syphilitic intrusion, as well as in every relaxation
o: the generative economy, we pledge our ability to cure speedily,
11. with effect. Earnestly solicitous to expel the unfeeling empyric
• the position so presumptuously taken up. we deviate from
priociples with less hesitation; and confident in our own
•, ~)1e integrity as Members of the College of Surgeons, we
lie suffering community of either Sex (especially those entering
.t.itrimonial lite) at once to our house, where daily attendance
::"en for personal consultation; and letters from the counts y are
• niediately answered ; these must coatain a remittance for Advice
•,..1 Medicine, which can be forwarded to any part of the world,
however distant.

GOSS and Co. ALR.r. Sergeons,
No. 11, Bouverie4treet, Fleet-suet, London.

published (Seventeenth Edition), 1. The -Cots of Lire;
familiar Commentary on the above Diseases. 2nd, livonavia,
llreSged escluvively to the Female Sex. May be had at its,
Princri-streer, Soho; 174, Fleet-street ; 4, Catherine-street, Strand ;
:ictwoo,i, Gilbert, and Piper, '2O, Paternoster-row; and Chapple,
39' I'4ll-mall, London; Porter, No Grafton-street, Detblin ;
IThun, 155, Trongate, Glasgow; 9. CaJton.streeta.dinburgh ;
of all Booksellers. Price 54.

ELKINGTON V. COPELAbiD.
This was an action brought by the guardian of the plaintiff, who
is a minor, (or a breach of promise of marriage.
Mr. Se/slum stated the plaintiff's case. Sae was,
he said, a young Lady of nineteen, beautiful, well edu-
cated, and accomplished. The defendant, by his en-
deavours, had acquired a very strung hold of her affze•
tions. The Jury would find, as the cause proceeded,
that there never was a case of this sort is which the ob.
raining of the affections was more a business of the man'
than it was in this case ; and when, after he had, with
t.edulaus attention, engaged those affections and made
application to the parents, he had then declared that he
meant to violate those engagements, at the same time
that he acknowledged he could offer no reason for his
conduct. A man might be ensnared by the arts of, a
woman, and, forgetful of prudence, might make an en-
gagement of passion, which, on a cooler review, he
might desire to break frum ; and the young woman who
escaped from the hand so hastily offered had perhaps no'
great cause to complain of the violation of the engage-
ment. But when the Jury found a young man going
about sedulously to obtain the affections of a young
Lady, making application to her father and brother
and to herself, it was impossible, under such circum-
stances, that he could retract—heplr. Scarlet° would
not say with honour, but without shame and disgrace.
The plain,. If is the daughter of a Gentleman who had
long practi_ed as an Attorney at Biimingham, and
having a sou who had settled in London, but who being
unmarried, his elder sister came up to town to reside
with him, at Milman-street, near the Foundlia# Hospi-
tal, and the plaintiff being there on a visit. They be-
came acquainted with a respectable Lady, named Gray;
and a Gentleman whom they met there, and whom tie
need not name, was the means of introducing the de-
fendant (who resided in Tunbridge-street, and had a
Chemist's and Di uggist's shop in Carshalton-street) to'
the plaintilf. It was in January, 1a25, that they met at
Mrs. Gray's. The defendant appeared much struck
with the plaintiff, and took intini.e pains to obtain an
introiuction to her brother, winch having obtained, he
saw tile young Lady severhl tunes, and became somr-
%that familiar iii the family ; they dined together at the
house of their common acquaintances, and at last he
made a proposition to the young Lady ; which, as he
•as a young man of good appearance, good manners,
and by no means destitute of other advantages, it issas
not at all surprising was ultimately listened to with
complacency. The L !anted Cuun.el brie read an ex-
tract from the letter, which contained, as he observed,
nothing but the warm sentiments of a rational mind.
To this such an answer was sent as was becoming in a
modest young Lady to make to such a proposal, and
which his Learned Eland (Mr. Gurney) might read to
them if he thought fir. The next step he took was to
send a letter to her father, which was of such a charac-
ter as to impr.:ss on his mind that his was a connexion

by no means unfit for his daughter. It stated that the
writer had been five years in London, and had been
three years in business, but that he could not state with
certainty what his income was. It had the two first
years averaged 46W. and he had hopes it would be better
that year. When Mr. Elkington received this letter at
Birmingham, he made some inquiries respecting the
writer, and, having ascertained the correctness of his
representations, he wrote to the defendant expressing his
satisfaction, and at the same time stated that he could
not, from his situation in life, give his daughter any
money, as all he could afford had been expended on his
children's education, concluding by saying, that if his
daughter approved his offer, it had his approbation
also. The intimacy, therefore, had began with the ap-
probation of the father, mother, and brother of the
plaintiff, and shortly afterwards the defendant stated his
wish that the marriage should take place in April: and
though the day was nct fixed, he showed her his house,
took her opinion on the furniture, and acted in every
respect as if their marriage was sure to take place. The
young Lady left town at the end of January, 1826, at
which time he wrote to her in the following terms :
" My very dear Caroline,
" I take the opportunity of acknowledging the receipt of your
letter, and tell you how pleased and grateful I feel for it; this will
render you, if possible. more dear to me than before, I have set
myself to gain your affections and esteem, and to learn It from
yourself makes me supremely happy. You say that your heart is
still as warm and faithful as when we parted; and you ask me if I
am the same? You know I love you with heart and soul, and
cannot change."
The letter contained more protestations of the same
sort, and though, in general, letters of this character
required to be received with allowances, yet in these
there was as little nonsense about them as any he (Mr.
Scarlett) ever saw. In a postscript it was scat •d, 'lle
carpet came home yesterday, and I think it will please
you more, now it is down, than it did before." This
clearly shewed that she had been consulted in the pur-
chase of the carpet. At the latter end of the month of
February, the defendant communicated to the plaintiff's
brother some ides that he entertained of going t) settle
at Mexico, with the view of ascertaining the sentiments
of her whom he was about to make the partner of his
I.le. The Lady at tins time had not the sliglitett idea
of anything having taken l lace to change the posi-
tion in wh:ch she stood : how great, therefore, was
her surprise, on the twenty- second Match, 1826, to
receive a letter from the defendant, in which he stated,
44 That untoward cilscunistanct s had been in progress
fur the last two or.three months, and w►thin the last
tortnight they had mare clearly developed themselves,
rendering it impossible for me t conti at t so s cred an
engagement as mar►iage." The letter concluded with
stating the impossibility of ever being united to her ;
but nulling specific was stated as the reason. Could
there, he would ask, be any justification for such a

change of opinion, whilst all the circumstances
mained unchanged? Nothing could suggest it•
his mind as a palliation of such conduct, except
be shewn that some very material change had
place in the defendant's circumstances. He
cases like the present, the very circumstance ot
o'3liged to come int s a C.ourt of Justice to ask for
pensation was a great aggravation of a grievous.
In the present case, there had been nothing either
conduct of the young Lady, or of her father, th,
subject them to reproach. She therefore came ft
as well to vindicate her own character, as in tht
of society, for, unless such conduct was check
defendant might again repeat the offence of cat►
suffering and distress into the bosom of other females.
Charles Elkington examined—l am the brott
the p'aintif. In June, 1825, I tars living in tam&
When my elder sister went to Itamsg rte, m(
Caroline came to- town. The defendant met in,
at Mrs. Gray's on the Ist January, 1825. The
dant was int, oduced to me; he spoke to me
sister in general terms of approbation. She w
of town, amf returned in the beAinniag of Novem,
In a day or two after he came to my house •
Milnan-street; and came afterwards daily;
geared to pay marked attention to my sister C;
In consequence of the receipt of a letter, dated
cember, 1825, 1 called on the defendant the De/
but he was unwell, and I did n size him till
three days after. He told me had received a
from my father. 1 obseried that he could h;
expectations of fottune ; he said that all he want
Caroline. He then strewed me his house ; it way .
good house ; the drawing-room was not furnished.
told me he h4d another house of bus ness in Carsh,
street, which alone brought him in 3001. a year,
pendent of his private connexion. After these
had passed, the defendant constantly visited
house, and the same attentions to my sister contini
One morning they walked out together, and,
return, he told me that he had bought a carpet, and
Caroline had chosen it. They appeared very
each other, and went out- together to parties. She
out of town at the close of January, and after
frequently saw him. On one occasion he told me
he had been strongly solicited to establish himsel
Mexico, and was informed that he might make a .
in three years. I went with him to see the Panora,
of Mexico, in order that I might describe it to ra)
We went afterwards to the wine rooms in Leic!
square; I asked 'him, if he made up his mind to
what time it would be? He replied, he would
account go without Caroline; he would -go after
were married, which might be in the beginning -
—I went the nett day to Birmingham, and found
sister engaged in making her wedding &eves.
Cross examined by Mr. Guaxxv.—There i•, I believe,
for breach of promise of marriage against the Gentleman
troduced my sister to the defendant. I was about a year and
in Milman.street. when I was obliged to sell off my goods.
out ot the way. hold Mr. C••petatsd of my intention to
lie-examined by Mr. SCANZATTI ►ave nothing to
myself with. 31y absence was occasioned by the failure of ,
was connected with, and I informed t►e defendant of k long
his breach with my sister.
Wm. Elkington examined.—l am the brother
plaintiff. 1 was present when the letter of 22d
1826, was received by my sister ; she immediatel:
int, tears, and fell into hysterics. She ►till rem
a very depressed state of health.
Cron-examined by Mr. Guaxm—This action was not .
Inidiin three days of the receipt of that letter. I don't exeed
tie time it was brought.
Mr. GUitritY submitted that there, was no es,'
to show that the defendant. had, according to the
ration, refused to marry the plaintiff within a
able time,* as the action had been commenced
the month of April, which was the time opened
Mr. Scarlet r.
The Loan Caw Justice thought that there wit sufficient
to a Jury.
Mr. GURNEY then addieued the Jury for
fendant. He called no witnesses, but spoke in .
tion of damages, urging the short and hasty nab
the connexion: and though he commented with
severity on the conduct of the father, in so hastily
ing this action, yet he declared he was instructed
to drop an expression witich could reflect on the
Lady; he therefore, both on his client's and his
part, disclaimed any such intention. He beggr
Jury, therefore, not to give such damages as
fendant would utterly be unable to pay, since it .
account of that inability only that he was called
to pay damages at all.
The LORD Cum Jusnce said, the plaintiff was
doubttclly entitled to a verdict. The question
triages_ was for the consideration of the Jury,
acquaintance had not been long, and had been I
off by the letter of the 22d March. The ground
be inferred to be his inability to properly maintain
eife. In his letter he alluded to aid received fror
father, and the improbability of a repetition of it. 1
these circumstances, it was for the Jury to say what
damages should be: it was better, perhaps,
plaintiff that the connexion should have been bros..
rather than he should have gone on to the length
marrying her, and bringing her into distressed circum•
stances.
The Jury, after a short consultation, found a verdict
plaintiff—Dalkon" AVSU•

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, Guruorou, Jima
SNOW AND OTHERS O. SADLIR.
This was an action of triiver. It was tried at
tings after last Lister Term, when a verdict was
for the plaintifE Last taut Mr. Serjeant Wilde obtained
a t ule for a new tri.4l, which now came on.
Having been already before the public, it will be remembered,
that in this case, a servapt of the. plaintiff., who were
biaken, was robbed of a considerable number of notes
timber, 1824.
In September, 1825, a SOL note, No. 14,477,
into the hands of the defendant, a livery stable
at Oxford. He was not able to say from whom
received the note, but supposed it to be from a
on the DOIICAstei r.tcr•c ►urge.
The question to he tried was, sabether ender the circa:toupees,
the defendant had used due caution in receiving the note.
The Jury found a verdict for the defendant.
PRIOR AND ANOTHER V. PANE/ AND OTHE[
This was an act►on to recover 9811 for Naples silk purchased
the defrndants,who complained that the bulk did nut answer
umplui but a verdict went fur plaintiffs.

•-•-•-•••••••1!•‘. . ,
~_...•....J..----....----........-...--,....,.._ ...........4„.„,a„,...-_,___ ' •'... 1:
_
. _ .
--
sort 4
. -Per Cent.: - •
' WI
,
• _
I fif .Si . •
. i- c Ilk
--
'!.... \
t tjc .
.. X •
• . .
r •
(
i . , - _ •'4* \ . )1. `...
\ '. 4 '..-
"..
N a I r- . ~>4 ,
. , •
.....v;prici —7, -,,,---- . •
- .
.:.
. .. .
fif •. ~
.., . ~
. .• .-:. ,• •e%
, . ,
i 4'
• 1
11110.4,0:.:Ii!•4 t ;1,
r:.- - • 6:011)..... I ....,
cis.o)
t lie
. ' •
• • ,
.„.,,sp,4itiell".llllMlllll—...-__-...
LIIRICE StVENPENGE.
1M41.11~441014 •••••=mornownwemellftimmomminiilmemamiia
Litselmesf tl re- ELECTION INTELLIGENCE.
. .
: it could
KIRKCUDBRIGHT ELECTION. •ad taken
—......-.
off bean
We briefly stated in the STAR of Monday lest, the '
for com-
Electi n and Chairing of Robert Fergusson. Esq. of
s wron g
Creigdarroch, as li.lembe.. of Parliament for the Stew. .
er in the
g. •
artiy of Kirkcudbright. During the ceremony of chair. -
'at could
ing, Kit Ics.usibright exhibited a very ea.tilsrating scene ; ~
forward
the doucest burgher was either on t'.e streets or at the
Ire cause
door of his dwelling ; sqiiibs and crackers were off in
-
ked, the
abundance; a bonfire in the course of the evening was
mi„in. lighted ; a trogshead of ale broached and distributed,
trall.B acid altogether so many persons kept moving to and fro I
other of during the night, that sleep must have been a luxury
•
not easily purchased along the whole line of. the High.
London.
street. Even -4: five 6'clock next mooning, what with
I f sister
my
~is.
CI those v. ho had just ii en, and those who had never gone
e defen-
in bed, the crowd around the head Inn appeared to be
,
e of
nl. nearly as dense as ever ; still there was nothing like
vent
ort rioting or fighting, and no one who witnessed the beer-
y ser. ing of the peple, can doubt for a moment that Mr. F. •
in New stands high in their affections and favor at present.
he A p MR. -FERGUSSON'S DINNER. .
:al (Ante. Mr. Fergusso l'a friends to the number of very nearly -,
I in' 1)c- a hundred, sat down to dinner or rather supper, asbalt-
,
eft day, past 11 o'clock, P.M. As there was no room in the
I two ''r head Ina large enough to accommodate so manyauests,
a letter they wee constrained to adjourn to the Mason Lodge.
lave no The Chairman (Mr. Feacussoa) was supported by Mr. Oswald, . ;
i
Iced was Sir John Gordon, Bart. Mr. Gordon •f Auchendolly, &c. arc. a
, a very , and IL Fergusson, Rog. of Orroland, and Alexander Goldie, Fag. I
hed. Ile I W.S. officiated as Croupiers.
In proposing the health of the King, the Camomile said, as there
shal.on- is no life so valuable to the country, so there is none that would be
tr, incle. tech a loss to it. " May GOD Wyss and long preserve the lifk of his
e letters Majesty." Drank standing, with three times three, and amidst the I
meetrap toraue applause. ...
. I
at ""I "'The Duke of York and the Anne—three
times three. ..
ntinued. ,d The Duke of- Clarence and the Navy, and May there be no
, on his economy in that departosent"all the honours.
and that
%air. °swam simply gave thi health of their new bomber,
fond of mf ar. Ferguson—a tout which was drank with great and universal
i applause.
he went
Mr. FERGUSSON made a long and animated reply.
er that I To •
attempt (he said)* to put you off u ith the common
me that compliments and courtesies of language, would be a sits-
:melf at
t for tune lence offered to my own feelings; for 1 owe you one
and all a debt of gratitude, which I can never sufficiently
morama
•
repay. Gentlemen, the simplest language I can employ
ay sister.
ei is the best ; I therefore say that you, and you alone,
c ester.
i 1
have walked out the independence of the Stewartry of
o go, at
Id on no Kirkcudbright. But for the independent Electors, what
would have been my situation this day ? . Though in
ter they private I respect all my opponents, many of whom I as,.
of May.
have the pleasure of ranking amlng my friends, and
and my impute '
blame to none ;yet, on public grounds. I may i. • I
be permitted to say, that I have received ngsuppoit •
, an action
n who on
from those twat loble families, who have guided your.
. .
•
and a half destinies for the last 50 yews, who appear to work to
Is. I went one another's hands, and perhaps thought that the best
..1
do so. possible state of things, under %%hid, tree King not o:.ly
r pm's' I
reproach named all the Peers, but the Peers named alt the Com- I
Ong wen mons. If such a rule were to hold universally, what
would become of the independent part of the commu•
er of the nity, who possess franchises, and naturally enough nish . 1
I March, to exercise them? Gentlemen, I came among you lately,
ely burst almost I may say a perfect stranger. On my arrival
Dimas in here I was net known to above there or four fieehold.:rs, ~
and my sole passport to favour - as—the ardent wish 1
t brought was known to cheii.h to see the country independent.
etly kil°w To you, therefore, I owe ever; t ing, or rather the inde•
evidence pendent Electors owe everything to themselves. Yes, -..
t• them belongs the praise of all we have achieved ; and
le des.la•
're n• all the poor return 1 can make fur your kindness is, to
d helot e tell you in the simplicity and sincerity of my heart, that .
cued by I will do all-that in me lies to prove a faithful and • .
lent to honest Member of l'arlianient ; and if ever! forfeit this ...
your iiitercst, may you on your
go ;fledge by forgetting
part abandon me! I i con.lu,iun, the learned Gentle-
the de- man paid in elegant compliment to Mr. Oswald, volto,e
mitiga. friendship and support I e valued as our of the proudest
atuie of distinctions of his life. " The health of Mr. o.wald"
th some three times three, and great applause. :
y bring-
blr. Gamut returned thanks, and remarked, that he felt pecu-
:ted DM
early gratified by the honour that bad been done hint by those who
e young
• bad achieved the independence of Kirkcudbright—a point he had
been labouring to establish for the last thirty years.
his own The Ceanutax in proposing the health of " the Ladies of the.
ged the Stewartry of 'Kirkcudbright," complimented them highly on their
1
the de-
beauty and accomplishments, and added, that he hoped to have the •
t was ots pleasure of their company at a Ball on an early evening—(lm
manse applause). -
ed upon Sir Joan OURDON—Proposed the health of " the Father of the •
.
Poll on our side—Mr. Stewart of Shambelly"—(Applause). , - .
was un- A Gentleman, whose name we did not learn, prepesed_Wabo. %
of da•
health of the de independent Electors, who had secured the illeallli ' '
i
of Mr. Perfume. May they go r.d prosper, and preserve the
r.bro The
ascendency they have this day attained! '' ..
Mr. Wita.WOOD hlamens, as one of the oldest Freeholders,
d might begged to return thrusksTot the honour done them.
..
intain a The CHArassAvi-I have carried my election by a
tom his majority of one°, which to me is the same as a majority t r.
Under of a hundred. I Wish new to give the health of General
I
what the Dunlop, whose urbanity and sincerity in all the inter-
for the course I have had with him, have prepossessed me very -
oken off
strongly In his favour. After some other compliments
ngth of to the same effect, the toast was drank standing, with
circuet. three times three, and followed by marked and cordial
applause.
,
ester the Mr. NAPIER, of Mollance, said, Mr. Fergusson has • -
proved the successful Candidates and that circumstance '
,
•
ars te. has cheered all our hearts. At the close of the election,
he gave Us a hint that our franchises would be returned i
to us if we happened to get tired of his services, or even
isthfewn
imagined that we had made au improper choice. Oa
obtained _
that point I have no fears whatever, and I would like to
.
know who has? I will therefore propose as a senti-
Lumbered, ment, " May the period alluded to never art ive V
London (Glad applause). . .
•
ni In Sep- Mr. }gammon returned thanks, and remarked ge-
nerally on the keenness of the canvass on the other side. ,
7, came He also alluded to the result, and the attempt to dept ive • . keeper, Mr. Hercn of the right of voting. Four Gentlemen .
.. i
Ihe had who opposed them in the mornieg, had, to their honour, •
•
a person '
refused to expunge Mr. Heion's name from the roll. i
In this good work Mr. Ireland had led the way, and he
nutanees,
begged to dedicate a bumper to his good health, and
chat of the other Gentlemen who had followed his ex• e'
CRS. r . • •
used by • Mr. Ferguson has truly said that he was timed by a majority
wet to the of roe—forty-eight freehuiders having voted for that Gentleman,
and hrty•seven fur General Dunlop, the other Candidate.
'
• I :

.

.

I

3 P.• .

j, I 1

amss-r—,.........-............,.... •
a nisle—S:r James Shaw. Colonel 6faxwell,and William
M ,itlind,X.m. of Auchlavie. •
As Mr. Valera. of 13arnelesch, was in the act of retiring. the
Chairman begged that he would not leave the room until hit health'
;Am proposed—a toast heovras certain would be drank with the
utmost cordiality.
:Mr. Maxwart returned thanks.
The next toast was. " Prosost M`Kinnell and the Magistrates of
Kirkcudbright,* body from whom he had received every civility." 1
"The health of the Rev. Mr. Hamilton, who has come from a'
g vat distance. and contributed materially to the success of 04
day**—frmn the Chair.
Mr. HAMILTON maned thank', and proposed as a toast, " Ma*
party spirit always yield to the public good."
The healths of Major Calton, who had come from Frankton an
the Main—Captain Gordon, from Paris—and Major Kennedy
Clark, from Ireland. The toast was, " Major Colton, and Me
trusty compeers."
Mr. Cocron returned thanks for the honour done him and tba
other Gentlemen named.
The Coenobite gave—" The health of Colonel Gordon, and Oa
Yeomanry of the Stewartry."—Three times three. •
Alt. Nunn returned thanks. .
in the course of the evening a number of spirited speeches were
delivered, as well as a number of excellent songs sung. But space'
would fail us were we to attempt to give even an outline of the
former. The company were all iu the highest spirits, and froni'
the time they met and sat down so dinner, it could not be expected
that they would rise till an early hour next morning. • The candles
were removed before the meeting broke up, and it was amusing to
see the sun shining opus such a goodly array of glasses and bottles.
On retiring from the room, the populace, who were still on the
alert. compelled Mr. Fergusson to go through the ceremony of
chairing .a second time, and. after drawing his carriage to the lon,
quietly dispersed to their several homes.
GENERAL DUNLOP'S DINNER.
The friends of the Geoeral assembled to dinner in
one of the rooms of the Academy. On the removal of
the cloth, General Duxt.op remarked, th it before he
proceeded to give any toasts, he would briefly observe,
that. though unsuccessful to-day, they might not be so
on another occasion ; and that he hoped they would
shew, by their mirth and conviviality that evening,
that, though beaten to-day. they had pluck enough to
anticipate victory for to-morrow. He then gave—
" The King," " The Duke of York," " The Duke of Clarence,"
and " The Royal Family."
Sir DAVID MAXWXLL, of Cardoness, who acted as
croupier, nest proposed a bumper. He said he rose to
propose the health of a Gentleman who had for three
successive Parliaments sat as their Representative in the
House of Commons, and who had honestly and faith-
fully paid the greatest attention to the interests of the
country in general, and to the Stewartry of Kirkcud-
bright in particular. Drank with great applause. •
General DUN Lop, inreturning thanks, said, he rose
with those feelings Oat he had already experienced
when he had occasion to address them—those of ereem
and respect towards them, anti of gratitude for the
favour and partiality they had so often shewn him, and
that lie:entenained a sanguine hope to meet with them
..at no-very distant'period under other and more Hater-
A' ••
nI tls4g VrtuttanCti; In the meantime, be earnestly
r4omMerldW that. they should study to increase the
•prospect 0/success, by drawing closer and closer the
bonds of friendly intercours..
' ' •Gerterit DoniAi tlien-gave " Ilia Majerty's Government, and
may the prosperity u 1 the Country be the polar star by which to
'nide its course."
" Tile Navy and Army," from the Chair.
" Lord Exmouth," 0 1 he Lord Chancellor," " Sir James Shaw,
and the City of London," Were successively given.
" May the liberty of the people be supported and preserved by
respect for the-laws." •
:" The Earl of Selkirk, and may he emulate the virtues of his
rather," three times three. , •
' " The bonny Lanes of Galloway."
' The General next proposed " The health of the Member for the
Stoviaktry, who had this day given them no indifferent proofs of
his talents; there was no doubt of his abilities, and they may be of
advantage to the Stewartrj." • • -.. _,
• A Wig by Mr: Blair, whose health was drank.
" 'The Representative of one of the historical families of the
&ewartry, Viscount Kentnure." . .
" The health of Alt. Colville, of Ochiltree, and the
.mercantile
interest of Great Britain," by Dr. Blair. • .
Mr. Colville returned thanks, and gave, " Prosperity to the.
&ewanry of K:rkerdbrighti"
General Dunlop begged :o give the health of a Nobleman of the
roost extensive influence, whom it was desiraLle that they and all
the country gonad know; and who, from all be had heard, would
realise every expectation that bad bees formed. He gave_" the
rale of Buedessigh."
' General Dunlop said they bad not yet drank the country that
gave cheat birth and maintenance ; be gave "The Land of Cakes,"
in a Maw. ..... ..
=m A of other toasts and ientiments were given, and after
bar
ilnest happy evening, the company separated at an early
,MAlHNlM4llkirest glee sod spirits.
••• •• ' • . :i I • ;

InIRB ELECTION.
Itturrna, WZONESDATe Jun 25..

. _
The'poll booths were opened at ten o'clock. but only
2'2 fre-holJers voted during the day. 'I he fact that
Sir Thomai Lethbridge and Mr. Dickinson knoA ing
their return to be sure, incur (lather espense by
hringingap voters. .
...tr the course of the morning the High Sheriff ad-
dressed Mr. Hunt, saying, that if he had pledged him
self, as.blr. Hunt had. dose, to the freeholders of this
County, be should (eel as he did—anxious to fulfil his
eagagements to the very letter. Whit he said he would
do, that he would du, and theref. re he could not dis-
commend Alr.
.Ilrrnt ; but still, in a candid °lsaacs., he
would submit to him whither, when the freeholders did
not come ti his suppo: 4—and they were • all waiting
about doing nothing—e nether, as a man and a Gentle-
mane Mr. Hunt would not feel himself released from the
obligation by the freeholJers not coming to the poll?
Mx. Hume arisen red, that he really felt much obliged
to the Sheriff for making the suggestion; and if.it were
atade as advice, he should receive it wen, and reall feel
obliged to the Sher ff for offering it; but having
pled _ed himself. notwithstaneing the freeholders were
t4ckward, and though to them he might fairly stand
excused, and even justifie J, in withdrawing from the
huszings, since his pledge was only to rema n at his post
so long as they chose to come to the poll, yet to himself
he could not feel justified. It was a matter of feeling,
and lie should sink in his own estimation if he were to
sesi4n. Yet he th,tight the Sheriff, in the exercise of
an bluest discretion, might safely close the poll; and he
would engage that neither by himself nor his Irie.ids. nor
bl.' is in any way whatever to any other
perspits,.would he take advantage of his having done so.
It was quite clear that a va.t majority of the frr ehelifers
hast oat polled; he knew of 2,000 voters who could
come up for hies at once, if he w:siild send conveyances
r them ; but he had made up his mind not to spend a
tingle shillinsz. and he believed they would not come
%sellout it. 'there a ere. however, some persons who'
had declared their intention of coming to the poll w-
imp-row. arid that in considerable numbers. If they
ismkg lo•day, their votes c Mild not be refused—nor to-
eisorrow, unless the Sheriff should, as the exercise of a
see, d andlionest discretion, close- the poll
Me. Tot.sta a,ked Mr. Hunt if he would consent to
%vitt...haw r And the High Sheriff and other-Gentlemen
jsetind.-in fJte solfgestit.n; but blr.llunt said, oco;. they
rosin he.vionld. not •forfeit his own . self-estrem;
sbinsle Mee no ftirther pails; and incur uet a shilling
of expellee i,r bringing up si tab, but he would not selin-

quish his engagements, nor be the cause of closing'
the poll. •
At five o'clock the poll-clerks came hi, endihe day's falling was
thus dedare6— . • .
%h. Dickinson r, . . le
Sr T. Letidirtfge 4: ".. a ' . . 16
lair. aunt • ..- . • , . 4
The Sumnrr then proclaimed big intentioti to close the poll at
three to-morrow, if the freeholders who had not polled did not come

is the mesa time.
Mr. HUNT Shortly addreksed the Sheriff and free-
holders. Such a contest as•the present had never been
known in this. or apy ;other ententy. Seven or eight
thousand freeholders temained unturned. He under.
stood the Sheriff intended to closetihe poll to-day; but
as he gave him credit for every thing that was fair, and
just, and wise, he could not doubt the correctness of
that course which he had adopted. So long as the
poll. was open he would stay; but, as he had before
said, he would not expend one shilling in bringing up
voters. or be might soon be at the head of the poll.—
He had that day polled himself ; and though for t'te
last 15 years he had been a liveryman of London, and
&freeholder of five or six comities, he had never given
erne to any one, because t iere was no one whom he
Could fully trust. Himself, however, he thought he
could confide in ; and having a right so to do, he had
taken the bribery oath, and polled for Fulmer.
Mr. STALLARD, of Rath, endeavoured to persuade Mr. Hunt to
resign, and complimented Men as being a man of the best judgment
and sense in the county of Somerset:
Mr. HUNT smiled, but said, he would not resign so long as the
poU was kept open ; nor, as it was not closed to-day, would he be
answerable for what might turn up to-morrow.
The Court was then adjourned. •
This is, indeed, a most singular election.
NORTHUMBERLAND, TUZIDAT Nicur.
After the S serif had declared the numbers (given
in the S re R of yesterday),
Mr. LIDDELL returned thanks to his friends for their.
efforts, in his behalf—efforts which he implored them to
continue, while yet the prize was only half won, so that
a few days mote would ensure them triumphant success.
—( Applause.)
Mr. BELL also returned thanks, and remarked, that
yesterday Mr. Beaumont pronounced a warm philippic
against his Majesty's Government. Now, though he
(Mr. B.) was little disposed to quarrel with any man for
his opinions, yet there was at least one among them on
the hustings (alluding to Mr. Liddell) who must have
felt singularly uncomfortable during the delivery of that
philippic, from the nature of the electioneering alliance
into which he had fallen. He (Mr. Bell) had always
approved of the policy of Ails Majesty's Government,
and believed he should continue to support them. Mr.
Liddell had professed the same principles, and yet his
colleague came there to denounce them. What, then,
must have been h's (Mr. Liddell's) sensations under the
torture of his new alliance, which doomed him to hear
his own principles derided by his friend? He did not
envy Mr. Liddell his feelings on that occasion.: he had
brought them upon himself by the monstrous and un-
natural coalition which he had formed. It was a dis-
grace to the parties who bad entered into it, and would
be an eternal disgrace.to the county, were it successful.
Mr. BEAUMONT next stepped forward, and ordered
one of his men in front of the hustings to fold his flag
round the pole, to prevent its fluttering. This was in.
tended for the foundation of a pun, but was, in fact, a
blunder, for he immediately cried out, H Though my
colours are lowered, my -cause is not." (His colours
were merely folded,. not lowered—a- -distinction well
known to fightiag ritetT.lSe I id,ce illy, ai Mr. Bell
*Aid, pronounced. yeatertfur &Philippic.agaiiist the Go '
vernnsent, and the' moon why he-Ond -done 1113'was, that,
lan :point. of fait, le ,Recd tics Ilking for :them...But tow
was it that Mr. Bell was so anxious to lecture the other
candidates for their inconsistency—be who, though
himself an old Tory, had suddenly becbtne a Whig of
two days standing? He wis'yesteiday ineogurated a,
Whig—this day Sir C..Montk, the Old Whig candidate
and member for the county, Epee bin, (Mr. Bell) a plum-
per. In fact, were it. riot for the itiPporrof has newly-
acquired consistent Whig Irielids, -Mr. bell could not
have retained his station on the poll ;:it was.these-action
of the county against dictation which bed ptoduced what
his opponents were pleased to call a. coalition. Well,
then, as to Mr. Bell, what would he vote for? Reform?,
No. A reduction of taxes?—No. .The Catholics?—
Not exactly that either.—Then what were the Whigs to
do with him ? Why, they were to. do this—Mr. Bell
gave and took good dinners; he was a hospitable, so-
cial, good humoured man; and on all the knotty ques-
tions the good dinners wool.] come into play; and the
real fact was, that he was not then to vote at all. For
himself, he was determined, beaten or not; to keep the
poll open to the last hour allowed by law. Timi would
shew who would be beaten, but at least he would afford
the freeholders an opportunity of doing.their duty.
Lord Howick said he was again placed at the bottom
of the poll, nor did he yesterday expect to have held a
more enviable situation. Though his chance was more
discouraging than he hoped it would ultimately prove,
Ail he would remain on the hustings as long as a single
freeholder did him the honour of polling for him, to
mark his sense of that single freetolder's worth, and of
his own treatment. The present coalition, Mr. Beaumont
had told them, was the re-action of opinion against a
two years' old combination of which he complained.—
Was he (Lord Howick) a party to .any such combina-
tion, if it ever esisted? Certainly not?—Was Mr. Bell?
No. He then would tell Mr. Beaumont, that whatever
objections ha been raised to his fitness to represent that
county in Parliament, vette raised by the independent
freeh-lders---hy those who had a due sense of his aban-
donment of his Parliamentary duties, and his strange in-
consistency in proclaiming his own disqualification until
he offered explanations respecting certain transactions
which he still thou ..ht proper to withhold. The coalition
into which Mr. Beaumont had fallen was anything but a
re-action of principle. He (Mr. B )knew it was regularly
got up for the occasion by his agents and those of Mr.
Liddell. Of that fact he had given repeated and irrefra-
gable woofs—Dir. LIDDELL : " I deny your proofs"]
You may : but he (Lord Howick) could not discredit
them, arid he hoped that when his turn for speaking
came, Mr. Liddell, who had already had .his, would
not interrupt him. Mr. Beaumont had taunted Mr.
Bell with being a Whig of 'two days old—if the date
were even correct, it was a most creditable conversion
• r Mr. Bell; for it was only within that short space of '
time, that. this detestable coalition (between Beaumont
and Liddell) had become quite apparent. On the last
day of election he (Lord Howick) meant to eater snore
fully into the circumstances of this base coalition—
EMr. LIDDELL " I .aguia &Fly a coalition '1 Well,
toe Hon. Gentleman nasty deny it, but he was the only
man upon the hustings who entertained' a doubt upon
the nirtter-1-(Applause and hisses). m'l •
kr. LIDDELL said, vie Noble Lied hia yesterday
read a leiter he had received, which contained the.
following statein:nt

" A Northumberland freeholder of the name of Hallewood has
just .returned here from Alnwick, and says he intended to, have
given Mr. Liddell a plumper. but Mr. Liddell's Committee per-
suaded him aseptic on Beaumont. If ibis is not a coalition, Iknow
not what to call it."
Mr. LIDDELL said, that when any individual case was
brought forward, as had been yestesday, it was not too
much for.him to ask a short delay, to enable him to
intitlite into particulars. 01 this opportunity he had
av ailed him-elf since yesterday, and his reply to Hads-
wood's case was th's, that he had since seen his brother,
who had told him (Mr. Liddell) that he had long sine
made a promise to split with Mr. Beaumont, if he did
not give him (Mr. Liddell) a plump-r; so that with
respect to Mr. Hasleworid, he had only fulfilled a pre.
arranged intention. He knew not why the Noble Lord
wished him but a short-lived triumph; for all his (Mr.
Liddell'.) desire was to serve the county to the best of
his power.— (Applause and murnturs.)
JOHN GREY. Esq. (of Nlillfield) said, Mr. Liddell
denied any personal knowledge of the coalition with
Mr. Beaumoot, and tie only explanation of this mystery
then was, that Mr. Liddell had intrusted the whole of
his cause to the management of trustees, noon condition
that he was to be kept in ignorance of all its important
details. Mr. Grey ptoceeJed, notwi hstanding te-
peated inter' options, to relate anecd and conver-
sations which he said he held with Mr. Beaton nt
after tie late election, wh:n th t Gentleman declated
that his only reason for sanosting Mr. Liddell, at
the last elect on, was because he thougl t lie would he
'the easiest Member to get rid of at the next. Mr.
Grey n-at went to a relation of anecdotes of the Liddell
family, at the tine that Baron Ravenssvorth ( %Ir. Lid-
' dell's father) locked up his house, and put a garrison
'to defend it against the Radicals, a few years ago-••••a
body of poor people, who frightened the old women and
the Magistrates, and Lord Strathmore, and the late Par-
son Blackburne. It was the neighbourhood of Ravens
worth that its fact filled a good space of Lord Sid mou:h's
famous Green Bag. (Mr. Grey became so tremendously
assailed in this part of his speech, that all further
attempts to obtain a hearing were impossible).
The Hon. Thom ts Liddell, the brother of the Candi-
date, here became foremost in the interruption, which
was soon general enough to engage the friends of the
Candidates in a pitched battle in the street, which, after
some Auctuattons, was rather in favour of Howick and
Bell, whose bands of music joined in the row, with
blows on heads as well as drums. In the midst of this
violent tumult, the High Seriff, while Mr. Grey was
still on his legs endeavouring to gain a hearing, whip
pered to his Under Sheriff, and then to Mr. Liddell, and
dissolved the Meeting. Several voices cried out
as shame; why dissolve the Meeting for Liddell ?"
Others applauded the High Sheriff's act.
Lord Howzce firmly, and with great energy, protested against it,
and declared he would not be driven from the Hustings in so scan-
dalous a manner.
The Htma Sumer said, " I have dissolved the Meeting, that ts
enough; I will clear the place."
Lord Howsce....—•• I will not quit It except by force—l will not
yield to partial and arbitrary acts." The Noble Lord then ap-
pealed to the Meeting against the injustice of the High Sheriff, and
particularly when that slicer appeared•to act under the instigation
of Mr. Liddell.
The High Sheriff first quitted the Hustings, after which some of
the crowd rushed up, and carried off Lord Howick in triumph
upon their shoulders. Mr. Grey (of Milineld) had the same honour,
and both were hedged by the crowd, amidst loud acclamations, at
their hotels, from. Irides they respectively addressed the populace.
The street was crowded, and the violence of the electioneering
throng was very Irak; but up to a late hour in the evening was
confined fouler. noise, add some scuffling amongst idle drunkards.
Egresses ere gone•off in all directions to bring up fresh voters;
and Mr. Liddell and Mr. Bell are still said to have large reserves.
• .. ...triaXe Of MI rots.
Liddell : /,•:! • lsos
Bin . 11E6
BrIEIDOOt . • • •
1056
..Howiet • • • 901

WESTMORELAND ELECTION.—Fmat
Ammar, .11788 27.
It is a curious fact, that at this busy time. when wine
is carried about in pails and when gin is flowing in
rivers in the county of Westmoreland, an elector abso-
lutely died-of drinking water. I came to the knowledge
'of thisitrost extraordinary fact in the history of elections
in consequence of a report having reached me that a
blue voter had died of the wounds he had received in
the scuffle of Saturday last. I found, upon inquiry, that
a blue voter, upwards of 70 years old, had died ; but
that the cause of his death had been entirely misrepre-
sented. He had walked from his home into Appleby,
a diseance of SO miles, for the purpose of giving Mr.
Brougham a plumper, and had taken a glass of cold
water to relieve his thirst, whilst he was in a state of
great fever and exhaustion. The consequence was, that
the sudden cold had struck to his heart. and that the
poor man was shortly afterwards a corpse. The only
epicatiume which I have head bestowed upon his me•
mory was very short, but at the same time very pilSy.
It was uttered by one of the crowd :---" D—n the
fellow—why did lie mot poll before he died?"
I have this day been informed that Lord Lowther
was very indignant at the magistrates who sent the
requisition to Carlisle, requesting the presence of the
military in the neighbourhood of Appleby. His Lord-
ship is said to have stated to th .se magistrates, that he
would rather resign the contest and lose his election
than see the military brought to act against the people
in the town-of Appleby. He considered the civil power
of the county, if properly directed, to be sufficient to
preserve its tranquillity, and he therefore dtprecatei
any introduction of the military as an unnecessary in•
terference of the freedom of electi'n.
The business of this day went on, without any of
those scenes of riot and tumult which we have been
doomed to *linen at an earlier period of the election.
Some little irritation has been caused at the different
polling booths, by the anxiety, of the freeholders to
p‘,ll, and ha' dun wi it," as they say, but no serious
riot took pace.
At four o'clock the poll closed, and the numbers,
-were soon after declared as follow :
Lord Hr. Col.
Wards. Lowther. Brougham. Lowther.
East Ward 107 90 102
West Ward 69 19 611
Kendal Ward . 83 62 79
Lansdale Ward . 26 18 25

;71

111

Preceding Day's Poll 861 740 827

-

Orem state of the Poll 1,139 929 1,099
Lord Lowman then came forward to addle.* the
freeholders, and begged to return them his most sincere
thanks for the gratifyin position in which their exer-
tions had placed him on that day's poll. After the
predictions which the Learned Gentleman had made
yesterday. be d d not at all expect that he should have
had a greater majority than twenty-five cf that day's
poll. They had now. he said. weathered the storm—
fortune had favoured them—and their adversary's
chance was just as hopeless as that of his friend Cap-

tale Parry, who had failed, arter these tr'als, !o
the Pole at all. He would not boast about t omorro...
perhaps he might not keep up the majori y m pea:
hut of the final result he had no doubt. Th..y had
bead a great deal said yesterday about mushroom
votes ; he admitted that mirshrooms were rather hard is
digestion, arrd reminded his audience that if they Were
administer eJ in large quantities, they' wet egenerally fatal.
It was a bad course of argument for candidates to be
criminating and recriminating each other in the c lase
of a contested election ; but if charges about mudiroorn
votes were brought against him, he must put his ono.
tient in mind of those who first resorted to them in
Appleby Castle. Besides, speaking of mushrooms, he
thought that he could point to a bow-window over the
way, %%bete as many votes had ben manufactured as
in any part of Westmoreland. There was a vote ma.
nufacturer, or rather a vote huckster, there, who would
make electors as well as'sugar-candy (Lord I
• ow. ide;
alludvd to a Quaker grocer, of the name of Thomoll,
who is very active on Mr. thoughant's side); hut, !.k,
that commodity. they, in consequence, perhaps, of ;:le
heat of tie wencher, every now and they melted awa.:,
In plain English, the electors made by the v.OT thy groce'r
had, in a good many instances, voted for the Lowther/.
Rut that was no fault of the grocer's —who It id won no
inconsiderable fame as far as electioneering \ k ent:nefeorr
so indefatigable had he been in bringing up Iris
factures that even the poll clerks recognised him with
the old cry of Ha by gad here be Monsieur Tons ai
come again4--(Lond Laughter.) Nothing short of
one of Prince Hohenlohe's miracles, or of Cr miraoLs
of that church which Mr. Brougham had taken,
his patronage, would get him to the head of the lA.
This had been the critic day—they all saw how it had
been decided, and he had nothing to do but to return
them his sincere thanks for what they had done for hum.
Colonel Lownsea assured the freehold:els that he
considered himself much flattered by the position in
which they had placed him on the poll, notwithstanding
the denunciation which had been made against him.—
In spite of the obstacles which had been opposed to him
in the Kendal Ward, lie had now obtained a majority in
each ward. He would only repeat what he had before
told them, the longer the poll was kept open, the greater
would be the majority which he and his noble brother
would possess. Fur his own part, he did not care how
long the contest lasted, as he should be happy to see
every free Man who had a vote coming forward to, ex-
ercise his elective franchise. He would merely repeat
to the freeholders, the cordial thanks which he felt to
them for the support which they had given him upon this
occasion.—(Cries of"Castlereadt," and uproar )
Mr. BROUGHAM next presented himself, and was, re-
ceived with loud and repeated cheering. He thong: t
the freeholders must have been not a little comforted
under the afßiction of being some 80 behind upon s .c
poll, by o hat had been stated by the Noble Lord in the
latter part of his speech. For though he was re,lty
merry, nay, even witty, upon bow windows, mushrooms,
and sugar-candy, yet he got a little melancholy
he spoke of what his (Mr. Brougham's) friends intended
to do to-morrow, when, according to the Noble Lord,
they were to make a great whip, and retrieve their de-
ficiency of to-day. He hoped the Noble Lord would
turn out to be a true prophet upon this occasion. Ile I ad
beard his friends had not made the same eieri ions,upon
this as upon former occasions, to bring •up their voters,
they had not hitherto made in: of the same conveyances
to bring them to the poll. But
.theit . ittmost ta• stioos
were still required,, and he must en'ireat. of thOse'tree-
.holders who had not polled, that they' would not .again
give their opponents the advantage of filling the booths
in the morning, and then, tired of waiting for a few
hours, allow• them to continue their advantige.--
This they 'had done, and it was the more to be re-
gretted that the? had done so, whets it was known, that
they had in town freeholders enough to command in
all the booths but one, a majority upon that day's poll.
He wished now to say a word or two in answer to what
had been said by the Noble Lord and his Gallant
Brother, relative to the mushrooms—(4 laugh„and
hisses).—The Noble Lord talked of a manufactory of
blue votes having gone on in different parts of the
county.. For his own part, he regreted that such. was
not the case. He was, however, ignorant of such votes
having been made; and if they had been made, it WAS
something odd that he should know nothing about it.
He entertained no manner of doubt that some men had
corn! up to vote for him velose titles to vote were of the
same date, and who had w 1 urp3se qualified themselves
to vote, in order to assert Mr own independence of the
county. But was this done by him and his friends, asihe
votes of Mr. Bolton and the Parson were created on the
other side? No; the men who had thus qualified
themselves, felt it a duty to step forward and tree the
county from the influence of 'a
Lord Liestenant, who
returned his two sons for it; as though it were a close
borough. He was glad to find that one of the enemy
had been silenced. it was now two or three days since
he bad heard a single word about his Holiness the Pope
—(Applause, and cries of "No Popery!") Ile was
glad now to introduce that name, in order to la awe
an opportunity of mentioning a circumstance calculated
to quiet the alarm of those who thought the Chorch
I would be endangered by a lurther concession to the
E sglish and the Irish Roman Catholics. D'd they
believe—did any man in his senses imagine that danger
could arise to the Church, from the admission to Pada-
(neat of such men as his Grace the Duke of Norfolk,
the first Peer of the realm—a man who was in ti le
and dignity, as well as in honour. and respectahiiiry
of character, second to no. man in the kingdom ?
But would not such an alarm, if it really did exist, be
quieted, when they were told that that Noble Duke—
all Catholic, nay, if they wished to have it, all Papist, as
he was—hid, within the last few days, granted, of his
own free will, a piece of land in the neighbourhood of
Sheffield!, valued at 1,0001. upon. which to build a Pro-
testant Church, and had given towards its erection a,,d
endowment a subscription of 5001.—(cheers) lie (Mr.
Brougham) did not mean to ask whether any of those
who had been so zealous in their protestations in favour
of the Protestant Church had done as much ; still less
did he wish to inquire whethei they bad acted simila ly
towards their Catholic or other Dissenting brethren.—
' He would not stop to inquire whether they had given
a subscription of 5001. or '5OO pence, or 500 farthings
for such a purpose. All he Asked was, that after
acts on the part of oppressed and persecuted Catholic:,
no danger should be entertained to the Pro tStA t
Church trom their admission to an equal patticipat
in the privileges and blessings of the Constitution.—
(Cheers, and" No Popery.") And now he t )0k his lease
of the Church alarmists, and of the No Popery cry
altogether; that cry had, he 'trusted, failed here .14 rt
had in Southwark, in Westminster, in Loadon, arid "1
the other districts where k had b cu raised.—(App.roo
and cries of " Mary.")

I li
1 t
i
il
i r
$ ~
r
t : f
it:
I
IN
rjl
i
41,
,•
1.
I 4
A '
rj
. '
,P ?',
:'1.....
F
i. .
i 1 ''
f, .1
; f •1
. .
I.
. .1
. ; .
e i
..l
;i:
f f
4: ;'•
..• i!
.i..,
-
l•
, I.!
v 't
'i i ! .
t/-
• ti.,
1 , ill
, .
• . I i . . .
.... ....'
I .
' • I
.. .
' , '

Mr. jtxxs WIGGINS, a hump-backed poet, who had
been all day busy in addressing the freeholders from
several stations in the crowd, then attempted to make
himself heard once more by them. But at that moment
they were not inclined to listen, and as soon as Jemmy
Wiggins (for so he is familiarly called by his neighbours)
'hewed his face upon the hustings, the multitude be-
came as outrageous as the Ilea in a storm. He proffered
not only $o speak but to s;ng to them; but, alas!
_Jemmy Wiggins was no Orpheus, and the brutes to
whcips he piped were so far from being charmed by the
'notes which he sent forth, that they absolutely threat-
ened to pull him from the hustings, if he did not desist.
Jemmy Wiggins, though a poet, is not altogether
destitute of wisdom. He took the hint that was given
him, and retired from the hustings, lAmenting that his
brother freeholders did not know how to estimate at his
proper value, one whose eloquence could charm their
senses, at the same moment that his song could elevate
their souls. Jemmy Wiggins was, however, heard at
red length in the course of the evening.

Dalian o'oo4 at Night.
I have just been into the streets in consequence of the
loud ci eering which I heard there, and you may guess
my a•tonishment at seeing 400 or 500 persons around the
hustings, listening to a negro, who ss as addressing them
with fetters on his hands, interwoven w th yellow ribands.
I thought the voice was familiar to me, aid on attending
to it, I recognised it to be the voice of a chimney sweeper
who had amused the electors the night before. He was
giving an account of the misery which he had endur,td
in being torn from his family, and conveyed to the %Vest
I s.dies,and lamenting over the degradation which slaves y
produced, not only upon the nave himself, but also upon
the whites, whose eyes were polluted wiils• the sight of it.
Though he ranted a little too much "in King Cambyses'
vein, his speech was not destitute of point and in-
telligence, and one of the tricks which he played off in
the course of it, was as fine a coup de theatre as I eve:
witnessed, and produced a wonderful sensation from
its being utterly un,uspected in the crowd. He was
eulogizing Mr. Brougham's exertions in behalf of the
oppressed nevi:), when he suddenly drew himself up to
his full height, and said,—" But why do I mention his
name? Because it is a name dear to freedom, andl
hostile to slavery wherever it is to be found. At the first
moment that I Leard it, my shackles were unloosed, and
my bonds ss ere broken; I regained the independence of
my nature, I stood erect in the native dignity of man :
I became," said he, striking off his chains with a
great clank upon the ground, and raising his un-1
fettered hands up to Heaven, " what you now see me,
an Englishman, and a freeman. But the chains which
I have thrown off, men of Westmoreland, you must not
assume—l was a slave, but my children are free; you
'ale free, take care that your children become nut slaves.,
If you do not now dash to pieces the yellow fatttrs in
which the house of Lowth-r is preparing to bind you
and your posterity, the time for doing it will pass away
and be lost to you for ever. Now is the time, when by
one effort you can release yourselves lrom the galling
domination of th:at prouu family." He concluded by
singing two songs on the election, oae of which he was
evidently composing whilst singing. He was taken in
a chair from the hustings by the populace, who carried
him Ar th the utmost good hilt:sour up and down the
turn stiert to the Crown and Mitre Inn, the head-quar-
ters of the blues. lam told that this chimney. sweeper
of Lit night, and this negro of to-night, is :spoor Irish
weaver of the name of Duffle. He is evidently a man of
ztronrnarieral talent, which does not appe.fr to have
received much assistance from education and readitig.
Almost all the principal men of the county were listen •
in g to his address. WZONZSDAY, AIN& 28.
The polling is going on briskly this morning, and It is said, that
up to this time, Mr. Brougham has the advantage. No symptoms
of riot have been manifested, although the different bands are
parading the town. Voters continue to Our in from all quarters,
and there is now little doubt that the contest will be continued as
long as there is a man to be brought to the poll.
KERRY ELECTION—DREADFUL OCCURRENCE.
'ROM TIER DUBLIN CORRIBPONIANT OF SATUNDAT.

We received a letter from Tralee, dated on Sunday
night last, which gives us reason to deplore that the
election in that quarter has eummenccd in blood !
Several unfortunate beings are stated to have lost their
lives, while a considerable number are languishing under
wounds most desperate and grievous. It is as shameful
as it is mournful to perceive the unhappy phrenzy by
which the usual good dispositions of the people are be-
come depraved.
The writer of the letter to which we have alluded,
omits particulars—all such previous occurrences as
mar be supposed to lead to so severe a resource as the
tiring upon the populace by a military force ; but he
merely states that " three unoffending persons have lost
their bees, four mortally wounded, five dangerously,
awl four severely, amongst whom is a female." He adds,
" the town is in such a state of alarm and dismay,
that it is considered the Election cannot possibly be
proceeded on."
The inquests upon the bodies of those who have un-
happily fallen the victims of the reigning Liberality
411 aff,rd us the most certain information--in the
meantime, we will state what we have leatned from
usher quarters. We un ierstand a large body of the
heehordet s, or pasti .ans of Mr. Hare and L rilleVentry
had collected in a mill at Tralee, when Colonel Ciosbie,
aeother Candidate, escorted by a considerable number
01 the Ike soft, passed on his way to his Committee-
room. Being left there, his escort came into some col-
lision with the ether patty, and a riot commenced of a
most formidable description, embittered by every ez-
a.perating provocative the parties could think on. The
police inter feted, bat they weft overwhelmed by the
multitude in a short time, and Mr. Hickson, the sheriff,
a. well.as the lion. Major Mullins, Messrs. George
Rowan, and P. B. Hussey, felt ttemselves under the
necessity of calling upon a military force, by the em-
ploying of which the caluAlt es alluded t-) followed.

ARMAGH.—Moubmes POLL.
Caulfield . 1901
Bumplow . . 1691
Verner . 1247
Burgess • " - • • 437
The transactions of Saturday at Armagh are men-
tioned as follows in a provincial Paper About half
past twelve, a crowd left the vicinity of Mr. Blown
Isiw's tall rooms, and marched, in a very threavning
manner, towards Mr. Verner's Committee moms, in
English-street. %Then within a few yards of the rooms,l
they halted on perceiving a p me:lu' muster of the
true blues; each party eyed the other with a most deadly
tc"lvii and rushed to the attack with sticks, stones,
liorse.sships, etc. when a scene of the most warlike de.
scriptiao Isas presentsui—several accidents were the
cansequene . Two men with fractured sculls were cal-
led to the hissp.tal, where they are said to be in a very
precarious condiiion. The peas party gave way, and
wore vur..ued tq Mr. Brownlow's tally rooms, wbcrt
antither severe conflict wok place, which terminated an'

the blues taking po;:e,ion of Mr. Brownlow's tally
rooms, and driving out every voter they could meet—
stsme had ti escape over walls, from their height, al-
most unscaleable. Mr. Little, the Attorney, it is •aid.
received a severe fracture on the knee. A party of the
72.1 Regiment, assisted by the police, soon succeeded in
resturing order. This was the only striking circum-
stance that occurred outside of the Court house this day.
A serjeant of the Armagh Militia Staff. named Miller, who had
been friendly to Colonel Verner. was mutdered on Sunday evening.
The Seral assassins strangled the man! The Coroner's Inquest
brought in a verdict accordingly.

COUNTY OF WATERFORD.
The streets have been sufficiently tumultuous since
the commencement of the election, but we have beard
of no actual outrage>. The Priests have been very
busy. They have filled every situation in the field, from
the non - commissioned officer upwards, and have
mounted guard regularly by two or three at a time in
every booth. Save us ! but there is an awful regiment of
them !—but more of this hervafier.—Waterford Paper.
GSM POLL, MONDAY.
Power 736
Stuart 693
Beresford . 400 •
MONAGHAN, JuNe 25.
The election of this Counts- has commenced under
circumstances of .great ferocity. At twelve o'clock
yesterday loud shouting from thedirection of Rossmore
Park announced the approach of Mr. Westenra, and in
a few minutes a'ter, between five and six hundred men,
each armed with a newly_cut bludgeon, and decorated
with A sprig of lautel in their hats, entered the Diamond
fl rurishing their sticks. Immediately after those men
came a person mounted bearing the tree of liberty ;
then followed about a hundred men mounted and
armed in a similar manner to their brethren on font.
—Next came the candidate on horseback, immediately
preceded by what passes in this county for a band of
music, but which in reality was confined to a pa=r of
cymbols, a big drum, and a fife. Mr. Westenra rode
uncovered, and bowei to the mob, who greeted his
appearance with the most deafening shouts of clamour.
The whole party then proceeded twice round the Dia-
mond, the bludgeon as they passed Col. Leslie's Com.
mittee Room, stopping each time, and menacing with
their sticks some of Colonel Leslie's friends, who were
viewing the procession from the windows.
At half-past twelve o'clock an attack was made on
the police, and the whole town has been one continued
scene of tumult and outrage. One man was killed ;
and there are no less than twenty-three individuals now
lying ill, having received various gun-shot and bayonet
wounds. Some of those unfortunate persons are very
dangerously ill ; others have been slightly wounded.
The day was really a dreadful one. Major D'Arcy
arrived here this morning, with a very large force under
his command, and the gteatest hopes are now enter-
tained that the horrid scenes of Saturday will net be
repeated. An act of violence was committed bore by a
person, who is not a police-man, his name is Grey, or
Gray. This man, in the open streets, merely because
some boys had shouted out for Westenra, turned round
and discharged a loaded pistol at the multtude in the
streets. A young Gentleman. Mr. Woulfe M'Neale,
attached to the Constabulary force, was knocked from
his horse by a blow of a stone.
Charles Powel Leslie, Esq. Colonel of the County Regiment,
and for twenty-six years one of the Representatives in Parliament.
was proposed for re-election by Colonel Madden, and seconded by
Albert Leslie, Esq. Alr. Westgate was proposed by Mr. Lucas,
and seconded by Colonel Can. Mr. Tennison proposed Mr. Shir-
ley, and Mr. Forbes seconded the nomination. Colonel Leslie was
the only candidate who addressed the freeholders.
COUNTY OF GALWAY—Sava:my.
Daly . 3770
Lambert 2411
Martin . . • 1740
It would seem the mob of Galway were made drunk
from the following extract from the Galway Advertiser
of Saturday : " Whoever gave the spirits, the mob cer-
tainly got it, not from any friend of the Recorder, and
a riot commencing, the Police were called out and
obliged to in consequence of which one unfortunate
man (a butcher) was run through the body, and killed
on the spot; another bad his face desperately cut with
a sabre. and two mote were severely wounded in the
body. In Claregalway, lives were also lost. The tenants
of Mr. Bingham, who are faiendly to Mr. Lambert,
attacked those of Mr. Kirwin, of Castlehacket, who vote
1 for Mr. Martin, and the Police, who %vie directed to
fire over their own heads, shot two women and a child
who were at some distance in the fields. One of the
women, we are told,is since dead. Two or three sign
boards, on which the Marquis of Clanticarde's name or
larms were printed, were torn• down by the mob, and
broke or burned."

MONDAY.-EXTRACT OF A LETTZR.
Great rioting is still going on here=several more
lives have been lost, and several houses s:t 9n fire, by
the opposing mobs; a desperate fight is expected this
day. • I can get no possible kind ot vehicle by which I
can leave the town, and am now endeavouring to get a
boat to sail for Clifden. The Cunnemara men have
broken down all the bridges,to prevent Darcey's(Clifden)
men from coming in to vote for Lambert. Several ot
Lambert's men were in great danger of being burned in
the houses that were fired.

COUNTY OF LOUTH.
The Priests are urging all the tenants to vote against
their landlords, and have so far prevailed over them, by
threats of elconsmunicati3n and eternal misery, that
very few have gone with their landlords. This morn-
ing an attack was made by the mob on the house of
Mr. M'Gusty, the Postmaster; his windows were all
broken, and his house would have been destroyed for
opening his gates to shelter Mr. Foster's voters, who,
though guarded in by the military, were attacked by
the mob before they could get to the Sessions House;
the troops however were brought back in time to pre-
vent the gates being forced. Tnere are just come in'
200 voters, tenants of the Count de Salis, escorted from
Dunleer by the military, and for safety they have been
lodged in the jail. Mr. Nl,Nears tenants were all ac-
companied back to their residences, after having voted
for Mr. Fortescue, by the military. All Lord Roden's
tenants have voted against him, together with those of
many other landed proprietors.

STAFF OF TIM POLL.
Dawson 776
Foster 567
Formosa 177
•
MAYO.

Westport, Satotday Night, 'Pen o'Clock.
Mr. Brown's friends were waylaid and attacked on their return
hither from Coatlebar. Among them we re the Brat men in the
county. Mr. James Browne, late Member, Colonel Jackson,
Her. Mr. Maxwell, and Captain Browne, were wounded in the
attack. The reports brought in announce five men as having been
absolutely killed; the uousben of wounded are not yet ascertaineti.

STATE OF THE POLLS.
wars, aims 29.

Burrell
Curteis .
Web.ter •

4053
1901

. 1166

CAYI4I .-Ilopskr.
•
Maxwell 1111711
Saunderson 2647
Nouthwell 1973
Coots AVOS
• Maxwell and imunderson are returned fur• the county of Cavan
by a majority of nearly 1,000 over their opponents. Arrangements
fur the chairing were slaking, which will take place taisotrow.

1243
1212
b4ll

Raehrord • • --7 . 1534
.
Sakyth . . 101 n)
Tuite • . NU
. .
MEMBERS RETURNED.
Cavan Cotutty—Mr. MazweU, Mr. Saunderson.-
County of Clare—,l4. O'Brien, the Right lion. W. Fitzgerald.
Town of Galway--James O'Hara. Recorder.
Queen's County—Sir H. Parnell, Sir C. Coot..

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
FRIDAY, JUNE 30. Ism.
STOCK KXCHANGR, TWF.IXK O'CLOCK.

Consols for Aceount opened at 79 sellers this morning, but at
this hour they have drooped to 711. with a very heavy market.
This is the settling day in the Foreign Market, and the business
is confined to closing Accounts. The differences during the Ac-
count has been very large, particula;iy in South American Stock.
The market looks very heavy this morning Mexican being 50,
Colombian 34. and Russian 78j. All the Continental Bonds are
very flat, but little business is doing.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

Conseil/have been done at 791 for the Account, but they rail
lied again to 79j 1, hut little business is doing at present. A new
issue of Exchequer Bills has taken place, they are dated the 26th
of June, 1826, this has no doubt greatly affected the market—
Consols may now be quoted at 781 sellers—no life nor spirit In the
market. Old Spanish 71 8, Mexican 491, Colombian new 334,
Russian 781 1, Brazilian Bonds 53 55, Greek 14, Exchequer Bills
7 to 8 premium.

PItIcK tiF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 199%
er Cent. Red. 78N 94 ye
3 per Cent. Conc. Shut.
lier Cent. 847/
per Cent. Red. 84% %
4 pet Cent. Shut.
4 per Cent. Scrip 3/. prem. par.
4 per Cent. 1826, 931,4 V 4
Lint Ann. 18% 11-16
£l,OOO Excite+ Bills 7 8 prem.
£5OO ditto 7 8 prem.
ClaLand 1:20t) ditto 8 9 prem.
C tits. for Acct. 7934 79 78% %
FORRION FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.

rasilian Ronde, 53 Mex. lids 18115,6 p. Ct. So 491
Buenos Ayr's Honda 57 491 50e
Colombian Bondi, f Mex. Acct. 501 491 1 1 50 491
Do. Bondi, 1824, 341 31 41 41 501
130. Ace. 331 1 41 4 Rusa.l3da, 1899, S p C. 79 11/
Danish Bonds, S p Ct. 5431213 Ditto Acct. 781 19 81
Ditto Acct,. 534 1 Span. Bonds 5 p Ct. 8
Greek Bondi.lBitS,s p C. 141 Span. sp. C. 182.1, 41
Mexican Bonds, Sp C. 42 3 1 Do. Acct.
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK

MAIM 1411116
Anglo Mexican Spin. 100 55 221
British Iron Company 100 30 3 4
Colombian 100 10 ite
United Mexican 40 20 111 12
Palladium , SO 2 1
EXCHANGES.
Miamian, Juni 23.—0 n London, 37. 41. 2M. 37. 11.
St. Pierassainum, JUN. 2.—On London, 9 S-14.
Lairsic, Jiro' 19.—0 n London, 3 M. 4. 201.
Basun, Jana 20.—0 n London, 3 M. 7. 2.

Hamburgh Papers to the 25th inst. reached us this
forenoon. An article from Berlin states, that General
Count ARAKTSCHLIEFF. who received from the Em-
peror NICHOLAS 80,000 rubles for his travelling ex-
pence:, immediately presented this whole sum to her
Majesty the Empress MOTHER, for the charitable insti-
tutions under her protection.
B-ussels Papers to the 28th inst. reached us this fore-
noon. They contain from the Joirmal of St. Petershurgh
of the 13th inst. a long account of some horse races on
the banks of the Don, in which Jason, a Cossack horse,
belonging to Count PLATore, ran 67 wersts, or 441
English miles, in two hours and five minutes. The
following are extract, :

ST. PETERSBURG H, Joss 12.
His Imperial Highness the Grand Duke Michael arrived on Sa-
turday night at Jarskojeselo, fron► Moscow. In order to facilitate
the breeding of fine wooled sheep, his Majesty has been pleased to
grant various privileges to foreigners acquainted with the manage-
ment of these animals, and to shepherds who come to Russia with
proper passports.
