EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.

An Account ache Official Value of all British, Irish, and Foreign
Produce and Manufacture, Exported from the United. Kingdom
to all parts of the world ; and a like Accouut •f the value of all
goods Imported into the United Kingdom, during the year end-
ing sth January, 1826.
Alike Account of the Imports and F.xports of the Port of London,
for the like period.
TRADE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM WITH FO-
REIGN PARTS.
VIAR. 'NOM STNI JANUARY 1826.

Oficial Value of Imports into United Kingdom 444,137,462 6 0

OVEICIAL VALUIL OF =TORTS TIMM TUE UNITED summits.
Iltitish and Irish Produce and Itlanufacturcs . 47,166,020 2 11
Foieisu and Colonial Merchandise . . 9,169,494

Total Export. . • • ,C 56,335,514 11 2
TRADE OF THE PORT OF LONDON WITH FO-
REIGN PARTS.
• TRAK WHIM STH JANUARY, 3546.
Octal Value of Imports into Port of London ,023,514,370 13 6

orrumar. VA LI•L OF SXFORTS rack tat FOXT or LOIMOON.
British and Irish Produce and Ilanufactures . 31,410,766 1 11
Foradis and Colonial hletchandise . 7,679,007 19 1

Total Exports . . . *C19,289.774 1 0
Note.—The foregoing Accounts are exclusive of the trade between
Great Britain and Ireland. •

WI[AAAII IRVING.
Inspector• General of lipports ao4 &sports.
Inspector General's Office, Custorn.kouse,
Loilon, sth April, Ines.

Mr. BRAHAII. it is said, is engaged for forty nights
to sing at Vauxhall Gardens the ensuing season. •
Accounts from St. Petersburgh state, that on the 2lst
of February, at nine in the evening, there was a very
smart shock of an earthquake at Tomei) and the neigh-
bourhood. It continued a minute, and the direction
was from North to South.' At the beginning it was
accompanied by a low and hollow sound, which was
succeeded by a loud rumbling. The sky was serene
and calm, but the day before there was a violent storm
from the South, which continued for 24 hours.
A Gentleman has just landed at Dover from Calais,
who left Constantinople on the 23d ult. He states that
Missolnnghi was not then taken, but it was expected to
fall daily. The scenes of human butchery between the
Turks and Greeks he describes as shocking in the
extreme.— Ledger.
SLOANE...STRUT BtiLR ASSOCIATION..-The Eleventh
Annual Meeting of the friends and supporters of this
Auxiliary, was held yesterday, at Augges's Manufac-
tory, Knightsbridge, the Right Hon. Sir G. Rosa, Bart.
in the Chair, supported by several eminent Clergymen,
and a highly numerous and respectable assembly. The'
Chairman briefly called the attention of the Company
to the Report of the Committee of the last year's pro-
ceedings, which was read at considerable length, and
detailed the operations of the Society. The sum of
13011. had been received in subscriptions since the
tormation, and 1,917 Bibles and 274 Testaments had
been distributed ; 251. had this year been remitted to
the Parent Society. The Report concluded by an en-
logium on the Ladies' Committee, for their active co.
operation and an entreaty for farther aid. The Report
being agreed to, several Gentlemen addressed the As-
sembly on the importance of Bible Societies; thanks
were voted to the Chairman, and the Meeting separated.
Yesterday, the Thirteenth Annual Meeting of tha
North-West London Auxiliary Bible Society was held
at the Argyll Rooms, Regent-street; Sir T. BARING,
Batt. M.P. in the Chair. From the Report read, it,
appeared that the Society had circulated 13,416 Bibles;
that they derived considerable assistance from the
Ladies' Society, from which they received, in aid of
the funds of the Society, a sum of 1361. Ils.; but they
still had to express their regret at the low state of their
fonds ' • so low, that they were only enabled to send SOLI
to the Parent Society. It concluded by warmly ap-
pealing to the Meeting in support of the funds of tbn
Society. Several Resolutions were passed, and tb.
Meeting broke up.
A countryman was boasting a few days since,
.that.
be had signed no less than four Petitions in owe day,.
" twa to the House o'Lords, and twa to tire House o'
Commons." And what were they about Thomas?" a
neighbour asked. " Ou! for emancipation to the slaves
and the sma' notes." " And what ken ye about either
slaver) Or sma' notes, Thomas?" " Deel, gin the truth
were kept, John, ur.co little, but I did the ane to please
tt e Minister, and the tither to please the Laird."—
th Courier.

MR. SECRETARY CANNING.

" The rank Is but the guhwa stamp,—
Tke nun's the sowd for a' that."BITIIIIIIR

Seldom has this saying of the eloquent and sagacious ploughman
been more completely verified than in the case of the present
witty, brilliant, and (which are more to the purpose) liberal, manly,
and inflexible Secretary for Foreign Affairs. Many, very many,
of those who have held the situation which he now honours, have
depended wholly upon that situation for respect while they lived;
and, when called from this world, their chief, and indeed their
only public monument, has been found in the obituary of public
men. How different is it in the/vase of Mr. Canning; No Secre-
tary has done more for the honour of the national name : he found
that name breathed in the conclaves of despots, as one which was
all but won to their cause, and muttered in the assemblies of the
free as one which bad done every thing short of actually drawing
the steel and discharging the gun against them. He has not been
four years in office; and how stands the character of England
I among foreign nations now? Does any one fear that she will exert
her power either in the perpetration or the prolongation of slavery—
slavery of any kind, whether of the body or the mind ?—No. She
has not merely regained her former altitude, but she has risen to one_
still higher—she has given the right hand of her fellowship to every
people who have dared to be free, and have shown themselves capa.
ble of being so. Look at the wide extent of those States in the
Northern and Western parts of South America, which, but a brief
space ago, were so bound in the fetters of European tyranny, that
to them the richest bounty of Heaven was unavailable; observe
how they are becoming thronged with people—bow those people
are exerting themselves in industry ; and glance your eye forward
for a few years to anticipate the triumphs over Mental and religious
darkness which must' follow the career of civil light, will add to
,the value and comfort of the human race; and when you
have done so, you will be able to form some idea of the good
that has been done—or at least so aided, that without that it
would not have been done by the manly, yet unobtrusive
policy of the British Secretary. Never was there a man of
splendid talents, and sterling inflexible integrity, so much and so
beg belied as he. He was a mere orator, or rather Parliamentary
buffoon—he was a needy adventurer, who might be bent any way
where lay the smallest bribe—be was even worse than all these—an
ingrate to his friends, and a traitor to his country. These thins
were said ; and they were, without inquiry, believed. But all the
while Mr. Canning was perhaps the most staunch and unbending
politician in the whole House. There is not an instance in which he
sacrificed his principles to his interest; though there are many in
which he sacrificed his interests to his principles. Never did he
come into office by the abandonment of aay one position which he
bad once firmly taken up; but several times has he retired from
office for the sake of his principles, when temptations lay thick, and,
to most people, irresistible, around him. We have, certainly with
no bias in his favour, watched him under several Administrations,
and in the discussion of many questions. Up to a certain point, be
was the advocate—the brilliant and efficient advocate—of the men
sures of Ministers; but upon no question—that is, upon no doubtfel
question, was he ever what is called a thick-and-thin man. Thin
was always a point at which he stopped, and beyond which neither
force nor favour seemed capable of moving him. He, in the exubesi-
ance of his imagination, sometimes ram out into sallies which you
could not altogether approve; but never was he found once prosti-
tuting his great talents by a deliberate attack upon any of the broad
and defined principles of liberty.
'His conduct in coming into office (refusing to come in under any
shackle), and his conduct in office, are the best commentary upon
his principles; and, taking them altogether, there are really few
public men of any kind, and certainly no public man of the same
talent and exposed to the same temptations. that could stand so
severe a test. It is utterly impossible to do Mr. Canning justice as
a public speaker: nit bold, open, and manly air—the sniffle us
hastens which shows how securely be feels that the victory will be,
or ought to be, on his side—the grace of ha gestures—the music of
his voice—and the exquisite effect of his cadences—it is impossible
to describe. Huskiason can be mote profound; Robinson, In his
happier moments, can be fully as clear; Tierney can be as biting;

Brougham can be more terrible; Macintosh can (or rather could) be
more ornate ; and scores that could be named are more lengthy
but, whether we regard the aspect of the man, the manner in which
he delivers himself, or the general principles upon which he pro-
ceeds, Canning, in our opinion, stands without a rival, and with but
little chance of a successful imitator. When, in addition to those
brilliant qualities, the boldness and value of Ms conduct are taken
into the account, we have no hesitation in saying that, taking him
all in all, Mr. Canning reflects more honour upon his bigh office than
any officesould reflect upon him.—Dissersteri Ga.-sus.

We learn by the Sierra Leone Royal Gazettes that
his Majesty's ship Maidstone, Commodore Mien, had
arrived at that anchorage on the 11th December, from
leeward, after an absence of seven months. The whole
of the squadron under his orders had been most-actively
employed, and no less than 14 slave vessels had been
captured, whose united tonnage amounted to 1,690 tons.
The Maidstone boarded, amongst other French vessels,
a corvette, fully manned and armed. which had sailed
originally with 1,000 human victims on board, but had,
previously to the Commodore's falling-in with her, put
250 on board another vessel.

Inert Areasows.—A few days ago some contraband
tobacco was seized at Kiltealy, and lodged in the stores
of the Fairfield Distillery. The Excise officer, having
determined to remove the booty to Enniscorthy, pro-
ceeded with it to that town, accompanied by a guard
of three policemen, well armed. They had scarcely
advanced half a mile, when they were met by about
three hundred aremen, who drew themselves up in battle
array, and seemed resolutely bent on coming to dose
quarters with the men. Whether those female warriors
were armed cap:a-pie or not, our informant does net
state; but certain it is that the seizing officer and his
party were seized with a panic, and the former, think-
ing it better to •• live to fight another day" than trust
to the uncertain issue of a contest on the present occa-
sion, ran off with all possible speed, and did not even
wait to recognise the enemy's position. The three
policemen, however, had sufficient courage to maintain
their ground, If, as history tells us, the conqueror of
the world was subdued at the head of his victorious
troops by one woman, need we feel any surprise that
three men, bachelors, should have been disheartened
when attacked by three hundred such adversaries?
44 'Tis woman, dear woman," as the song says, •• that
robs us of pleasure, robs us of ease; and, add the
Elcise officer and his party, of tobacco also I They
knew that there was no remedy, and that, even if they
could have set fire to their magazine, it would have
ended only in smoke" . As the heroines presented such
a formidable front, and as their owe leader had retreated,
. it.would have been abiurd .fi.r them to •• show fight"
. under such circumstances, and therefore the poor police-
men very wisely sum ndered at discreti,,n, throwing
themselves on the mercy of their fail assailants. They
were deliberately seised, placed on their backs on the
ground, amidst the laughter of the captors, and hi ld
there until the entire of the tobacco was carried away.
They were then set at liberty, and the victorious Ama-
zons gave them three cheers on their departure.—
Wexford Retold.
