MSSTING AT LLOYD'S.

A Meeting of the Subscribers to Lloyd's took place yesterday, at 19
o'clock, Mr. Alderman I bompeon, bI.P. in the Chair, foe the purpose
of taking into consideration the motion of Mr. Carruthers, far re-eind-
ing so much of the 30th, 32d, and 33d By-Laws, as gave payment to
the Committee. The meeting was very fully attended.
Mr. OM ituTilx le stated that, for half • century prior to the year
1810, most influential gentlemen had been found to conduct the ma-
nagement of Lloyd's gratuitously ; but, in the above year, the regula-
tion to pay for the future that body had been passed. The consequence
of this bad not only been the expenditure of a sum of 8001 a year, but the
introduction ea system by which, instead of the leading members of the
house being upon the committee, persons were put forward to whom that
sum was an object, and who were in consequence not likely to add
weight to the representations or wishes of the members, or increase the
respectability of the establishment. It had, moreover, the effect of
keeping back many who, were the appointment honorary, and not ex-
pensed to the present system of canvassing, Ate. would fulfil the du-
ties with advantage to the house in every respect. He argued largely
on the subject of economy, which In this instance would be supported
without detriment.
Mr. GRAT supported the motion. A sum of 8001 per annum would
be saved to the house, and be was convinced that gentlemen of the Ent
rate character and talent would be found gratuitously to 11l the Amour-
able station of member of the Committee.
Mr. SLAP opposed the motion. He armed that the unpaid Com-
mittee existing In 1816 was a proof against the feasibility of the
motion; for such was the apathy of the members of the house, that
that committee was absolutely dissolved in consequence of no members
being rut is nomination to 11l up the vacancies that occurred by rota-
tion. He considered the labourer worthy of his hire. At the above
date a general committee bad been appointed, and they streaidered pay.
went necessary. The business of the house had also much increased,
and it bad never been so well conducted as at present.
Mr. WILL*, supported the motion. He considered the honour a
sufficient remuneration, and the patronage arising from agencies was
alone • reward.
Ih. Dawns supported the motion, and stated that, a. a reefed/.
elected member of the committee, he should be as willing to serve In -
out the remuneration as with it.
Mr. Manseat.t. supported the same line of argument as the mover,
and took occasioa to complain of the manner in which sew of the siesta
sinned the power with which they were vested.
The CISAIIIISIS made some remarks, in the course of which he said
that himself and collieries were prepared to bow to the sense of the
hews& lie observed that the dimmed of the house did not, however,
reader the reduction necessary, as they had now 15,11001. stocks while I.
ISIS there was only OAK
Mr. Montesow, one of the Committee, made some observations
slier which
dlr. Cense:ea xis replisd. In the course of this he said that. al.
thong's is 1816 there might be «ay 0.0001. and now there were 1640091.
invested in the Funds, yet owing die above period. bad the 8001. pee an.
sum not hoes paid to the Committee, there would have been 86,0001
instead of the sum mew *IL
The used= was dies put, and medal by a lame majority ; idler
which thanks win mid to the Chabensa, and tie Meeting broke up.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Dec. 22.
SCOTCH •OVEALS.
The LORD CHANCELLOR suggested the propriety of giving
judgment upon two appeal causes, in order that all the appeals which
had been heard by himself in that hoots • might be decided in the present
session. The noble and learned lord said he was called upon to notice
one of the moat gross and groundless misrepresentations he had ever •
seen. He had thought at one time that he should best consult the in.
sorest of justice by treating the statement with utter contempt, hut the
mfarpraKntation had a tendency to impeach the judicial authority of a
au or court, and set in a false point of view learned and venerable
ju ges. He had seen with astonishment a publication, stating that
since he had had the honour of holding the 'rear seal, all the appeals
from the Court of Session of Scotland had led to reversal of the judg-
merits of the Lower Courts. The noble and learned Into had
heard thirteen appeals ; of these eleven were from Scot.
land, and two from Ireland. Of the eleven Scotch appeals nine had
been decided, and two remained for judgment which he should move
for in this instance. He had called upon their lordships to reverse
four of the eleven judgments, and to affirm the remaining seven.—
That being the case, the statement which had appeared was not only
not true, but groundless, because, with the exception of a small ma-
jority, he had found no reason to object to the decisions of the Scotch
Court. The noble and learned lord then stated the face of one of the
appeals which stood foe judgment, and concluded by moving to affirm
the decision of' the court below.
Lord WYNFORD said he hall some doubt upon the correctnesc of
the decision, and the Lord Chancellor postponed the motion.
The judgment in another case was then affirmed.
STATE Or THE COUNTRY.
Lord FARNHAM said. he was desirous of saying a few words
before the House proceeded to pass the Consolidation Fund Bill As
that proceeding might be considered analogous to going into a
Committee of Supply in the other House, he should therefore take
the opportunity, more especially as it was the last time the house might
meet this Session, of expressing some remarks upon the present stare
of the country. He could not help regretting that the noble Earl had
thought it necessary to make the ensuing holidays so long. It was not
unnatural that ministers so recently established in office should wish for
a length of time to become acquainted with their duties, and arrange
those measures which the uneral interest required ; but he objet e 4 to
a long suspensico. of the duties of parliament, on account of the dis-
torbed state of the c tuntry. Commissions had been appointed, and
their Imdships knew it was necessary ar: example should be made of
those who had offended against the laws of the country ; and he wished
to Nee eomething done for the country as quickly as possible after the
trials, in order that the public might see, that whilst the government
was ready to put down disorder and insubordination, they were prepared
to do all they could for the relief of the country. The noble LaM also
regretted the length of the adjournment for the sake of Ireland. In the
existing state of that country, it was desirable to have some measures.
to give confidence to the people, passed previous to their adjournment,
for seven or eight weeks. The noble Lord did not wish to renew the•
discussion which had taken place respecting the fear of disorder in that
country, arising from new appointments, but would only express a
hope that the opinions lie had formed might be wrong. He thought
it would be desirable that some general prospect might be held out to
calm the feelings in that country. (hear, hear, hear.) The Noble
Earl would find the papers presented some time since on the state
of Ireland a good foundation for the projection of legislative
measures. He alluded to the report of a committee appointed to in-
quire into the state of the poor in Ireland, and had to regret it had not
not been laid on their lordship's table. It would, however, soon come
under their inspection. He recommended to his Majesty's ministers to
pay the utmost attention to that report, and the evidence on which it
was founded—many of their lordships might be ignorant of the state of
Ireland, and be thought there was a body of evidence witich would
throw light upon most important questions. The noble lord added, that
he would briefly call their attention to some of the leading features of
, the report. The committee had proposed 19 bills to be brought in for
the relief of Ireland—one for the consolidation of all laws relating to
charitable institutions—the next was on the subject of local taxation by
grand juries; if the power of taxation was left in the hands of grand
juries, they should be so controlled in the employment of surveyors and
scientific engineers, that the public money might not be wasted as it
had been. The next object suggested by the committee was one of
importance. It suggested that it was expedient that the public aid
be given for carrying on public works in Ireland, in order that the un-
employed population might be able to obtain the means of subsistence.
The noble lord knew that the granting of public money was contrary
to the principles of political economy upon which legislators were so
much disposed at that time to act, but he thought the objection could
not apply to the draining of bogs and other works of general &dean.
tage. He thought the noble earl ought to hold out that public assist.
ante would be given to the poor of Ireland. On one very important
point he expressed his dissent. lie could not agree with the Cotn-
rnittee with respect to education in Ireland. but he would not then
trouble their lordships with his view on that subject. He did not approve
of the bill to be brought in by his Majesty's government, for prohibition
relative to the growth of tobacco in Ireland. If their lordships knew the
employment it afforded, they would immediately consider it a great ad.
vantage to Ireland. By the 12th of Charles 11. called the Tobacco
bill, the American colonies were protected, by discouraging the growth
of tobacco in England, but those colonies had gone from England. The
19th of George the Third made Ireland exempt from that prohibition,
and that country had been fifty veer in possession of the privilege they
were now to lose. The noble earl might consider whether it would be
worth his while to prohibit the growth of that article. In all the re-
marks he had offered, the noble lord had abstained from any thing
that could aggravate the unhappy dietentions which prevailed in Ire-
land ; and his hope was, that no time would be lost in promoting the
prosperity of both England and Ireland, by application of measures
likely to produce that effect.
Earl GREY did not complain that the noble lend bad taken that op-
portunity of stating his views upon the general wants of Ireland, but
the noble lord would not have exceeded the usual courtesy displayedin
that house if he had given some intimation of his intention to intro-
duce so many topics. He (Earl Grey) might hare been able to meet the
observations made by the noble lord. On the first point to which the
noble lord alluded, namely, the present state of public affairs, his hops
was, that adjournment would kad to no inconvenience ; but on the con-
trary, his Majesty's Government would be enabled to concoct and bring
forward the measures when Parliament met upon the next summons.
To have the means of bringing forward these measures would be
of advantage to the country. Ile certainly paid deference to
the statement of a noble lord an experienced, and well acquainted with
the affairs of Ireland, but not having seen the report to which his noble
friend alluded, he could not be expected to go into it. (Hear, hear.)
As to the public measures to which that report led, it war impossible
to say more than, there would be an anxious desire on the part of Go-
vernment to comply with the recommendation of the committee, and
to do all that could be clone as early as possible. The relief be looked
•to for both countries was a return to public prosperity. The system
of charitable institutions in Ireland certainly deserved attention._
(Hear, hear.) The mode of local taxation had long been the subject
complaint, and the system of education should be taken up with a
view of destroying in Ireland those animosities entertained on the
gronnd of Religion, and promoting mutual good. As to advancing a
sum of money fur the Helier of tile lower glasses in Ireland, the No.
blc Lord knew it was contrary to general principle It was objection.
able on that ground, but there might be exceptions to the general
principle, and the subject was one deserving of the best console Litton.
More he could not say on that occasion. The Noble Lord had stated
his anxious hope that the parties to the sew appointments in Ireland
would labour as much as possible to put an end to distention. ile
certainly joined in the hope that it would be so. It was the duty of
all to endeavour to cool these angry passions, which, if suffered to ex-
ist, must lead to danger. 'I be measures in progress in the other
branch of legislature for the accomplishment of many of the objects
the Noble Lord had mentioned, would be discussed bawl when die
same came to that house. The noble lord reserved himself fur the
time when these subjects would come regularly ander discussion.
CONSOLIDATION /VIM BILL.
Earl GREY then, pursuant to Notice, moved that the standing orders
of the house. Noe. i 6 and 26, be suspended fur the purpose of passing
the Consolidation Fuad Pill through all its stages.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was read a third time
and passed.

PETITIONS.
Lord DUR HAM pre-mica a petition hem Sleeken upon Tees for
Revision of the Criminal Law.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from the same place,
for the repeal of the duty on ses-borne coals.
Earl GREY presented thirteen petitions against slavery.
Lord FARNHAM presented a petition hem Belfast. for compel:-
satin to the owners of West India property injured by the abolition of
4.. very.
Earl 13T. VINCENT presented siZi: to the same effect, her
the merchants and others voiding Is
Their Lordship thee adjoined to half pest three *Vol to-morsew.

ROW TO GOT PROVIIIOIIII 11011 N0T111110..-.AO *re-
sifts device was adopted a few days ago levees et ferio metes. These
were Ids at a geodesase's hews la the West sad, by dWmeat @meow,
puindise. anal. paltry., fruit, shoes, at. ale. all sated to have
MIS aeronops=or I Mai son by the shopkeepers, fromaczbi mat
I bad hes The felt it due se these
OaIiONSSOOD sWi theft, @si asentais the greead.worli of sash wo.
bewaded 110 i isead libeadlay t Ara it tented eat. that each aldose,
on itolleg et the Adam uuidss,g had received • liee.peoad
for yid* day harshen dhow, titer dcductieg the east of eita gaado,
the gussilassr, at eves, posh* bin sane sad residuum as the bola et
the sae It is weetliees M aft, Ow the whole le a isepJeli ohms
kg the akadathin of ford sew t isles ewe le Weft
the meet sod samba et &pm is the

1
