MR. HAYDON, THE ARTIST.

This persecuted gentleman has addressed the following
letter to the editor of a morning contemporary :
King's Beach, May 27, 1830.
Sin,—As I predicted, I am again in prison, notwith-
standing the kindness of my Sovereign, the nobility, and
my friends ; notwithstanding I have paid my creditors
7001. out of my gains, as can be proved, since the meet-
ing of 1827.
Any man who trespasses on the columns of a Journal,
must express himself in sum totals. I merely wish to
state facts in the most simple and concise manner possi-
ble.

In 1827, the picture of Eucles was offered for any sum
advanced, that I might be restored to my family, and be
protected by my creditors for a year. I was restored,
and in four months finished the Mock Election—the King
bought it for 5251. and I paid 4001. out of the 5001. to
the creditors of that period—could 1 do more ?
One of the debts for which I am now detained is
for schooling, 1241. originally ; 121. costs in addition
were paid out of the subscription to Eucles, 1827 ; and
since, 421. 6s. 6d. of the debt. Execution is now
against me for 1001. 2s. 6d. thus, expences bringing the
debt again up to this amount, after 1 had reduced it to
less than 821. Is it possible for any gains, or any suc-
cess, to provide for such expenditure ?
These men persecute me from the hope that the sym-
pathy of the nobility and my friends will get them
their money, but my friends shall no longer be
the dupes of such iniquity. Directly after I was
restored to my pursuits in 1827, an Attorney in-
stantly wrote to one of the Trustees, saying, he
would imprison me again if his costs and debt were
not paid. The trustees gave me 301. 101. being ex-
penses ; and when I asked him how he could he so
cruel ? he replied,—" This money is not your money,
Mr. Haydon !"
What a hideous power is this of arresting the person !
What a scope it opens to malignity 1 What a vent it
gives to the worst passions ! What an instrument in the
hands of the villain to wring from the wretched his last
guinea to pamper the heartless and oppressive ! Well
might Johnson and Burke, and Romilly, and all our great-
est men, say, the power in England which the creditor
has, without investigation, of swearing to any amount of
debt, of tearing the father from his family and his pur-
suits, was a violation of justice as infamous as slavery to
the Africans.

Well might they say that during one single term in this
London, there is more injustice, more lacerated feeling,
more cruel despotism, more domestic agony, than in any
Pashalick of the Turkish Empire.
Here was I, an individual not unknown, sitting, after
a day's fag, quietly with my family, wrenched away
without a minute's delay! In an agony, 1 seized a sketch,
and leaving it with a friend, begged instant assistance to
my family. I was taken to a sponging-house, and then
to a prison !—glad of refuge from the torture of the last
four months.

What a destiny is mine—one day in a palace, the next
day in a prison ; one day slumbering with beetles crawl-
ing over my face, and the next reposing in the apartments
of Petworth, where Kings and Emperors have slept
before ; one day receiving nobility and beauty in my
room, flattered and congratulated, and the next confined
with the unhappy and unfortunate, and regarded even by
them with sympathy and regret.
This is the last time I will ever intrude these things on
the public. I only hope there is nothing criminal in
wishing that my family will not be permitted to want
during my absence, and in saying that I will paint a pic-
ture for any number of friends who will save my simple
furniture and materials of study. I promised the Eucks
when I was last in prison, and have kept my promise—
and I never yet broke an engagement of this nature, and
never will.

This is a bitter conclusion after six and twenty years,
spent in ardent, in sincere, and as devoted an attachment
to the honour of the Art, as ever affected the heart of an
Englishman. B. IL HAYDON.
OLD BAILEY SESSIONS, May 28.
OLD COURT.

EXTRAORDINARY CASE.
James At' Carthy was indicted for assaulting John
Welford en the King's highway, and taking from his
person 17s. his moneys.
The prosecutor (a real Jack Tar) stated that on the 28th
of April he was at the White Swan public-house, in
Ratcliff-highway, where he met the gentleman at the
bar. who offered him some pencils for sale. He would
not buy any, because as bow he did not want such
things (laughter), and he left the house with a shipmate.
When they got a few- yards off, the prisoner and ano-
ther man came behind him, and knocked him down,
beat him. and tore off bis jacket, in the pocket of which
were 17s. with which they made off. He got up, and
finding they were both gone, made the best of his way
home, and told his landlord what had happened. He
went to the White Swan the next night, and seeing the
prisoner in the tap-room, gave him in charge to an officer.
Witness asked him for his property, and he said he would
give him a dig in the eye if he did not hold his tongue ;
but after he was in custody, he offered to give witness
255. to let him go. The witness having finished his
statement,

Mr. Baron VAUGHAN, addressing the prisoner, said,
do you wish to ask this man any questions ?
Prisoner—l was contemplating something of that sort.
He then pulled out a large sheet of paper, and said, I
want to ax him all these questions.
The paper was handed to the Learned Judge, who hav-
ing read it, said, shall I put these questions for you ?
Prisoner-No, faith—not you ; give me back my brief,
and I'll ax the questions myself.—(Laughter.) To the
witness—Now, Mister Prosecutor, did you ever say a
word at the Police-office about my knocking you down ?
Witness—l did.
Prisoner—Oh, my God ! By J—, if you'll swear
to that, I'll be mum, and say guilty at once.
Witness—Do you want to ask me any more ques-
tions ?

Prisoner—Wait a bit while I look at my brief. What's
the reason you did not call out when I knocked you
down ?

You, and your partner together, took d—d good care
to prevent me.
Prisoner—Hear that, my Lord. Hear that all of you.
The devil a partner have I, barring my wife, and that
lying rascal knows it. Why did you not give me in
charge, when you met me the next morning
Witness—l did not see you.
Prisoner.—That's likely enough, for you had been
drunk all the week ; but you met me, in the presence of
GOD and his Lordship (roars of laughter)—and mine, is
too remarkable a countenance for any body to forget me,
if they have ever set eyes on am ?
Mr. Baron VA VG ItAN.--Wbo wrote all those ques-
tions for you ? they appear to be very well-written.
Prisonet.—ls year Lordship surprised at that ? Faith,
I wrote them myself—l have had a good iidicetion.
Wheeler, a police oliwor, proved the approhoalioa of
