FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE,

SZCOND BULL TIN OP THE COMBINED .411130 Of
THE NORTH OF GERMANY.
Head-quarters,Potsdam, Anna M.'
The Prince Royal removed his bend-quarters to
. this city last night.
The army is.concentrating.
- At-the expiration of unavailing negotiations en-
tered upon at Prague, the Armistice was denounced
on the 10th by the Allies, so that hostilities may be
renewed to-morrow. On the 11th, at one in the
=baiting, Count Metternich delivered to the Count
de klArbonrie, at Pragde, the Declaration of War by
Austria against France.
His fLoyal Highness has just addressed la the COM•
bi WO Army, under his orders, the following Procla-
snation

COMBINED ARMY OF THE NORTH CAP GERMANY.
THE PRI3IER MAIL. GENZEMelati*O•
TO THE ARMY.
Stumm !—Called by the confidence of my King
and of the Sovereigns his Allies, to lead you in the
career which is about to open, I rely for the success
of our arms on • the DIVINE protection, the justice of
our cause, and on your valour and perseverance.
Had it not been for the extraordinary concurrence
of events which have given to the last twelve years a
dreadful celebrity, you would not have ken assem-
bled fin the soil of Germany but your Sovereigns
:have felt that Europe is a great family, and that nose
of the States of, which it is composed can remain in-
-different to the evils imposed upon any,one of its
members by a conquering Power. They are also
convinced that when such a Power threatens to at-
tack and subjugate every miter, there ought to exist
only one will among those nations that are determined
to escape froth shame and slavery.
From that moment you were called from the banks
of the Wolga and the Don, from the shores of Britain,
and the mountains of the North, to unite with the
German warriors who defend the cause of Europe.
This, then, is the moment when rivalry, national
prejudices, and'antipathies, ought to disappear before
the grand ob:sect of the independence of nations. .
The Emperor Napoleon cannot live in peace with
Europe, unless Europe be. his slave. His presump.
• tion carried 400,000 brave men 709 miles * from their
Country: misfortunes against which he did not deign
to, provide fell upon their heads, and 300,000 French-
men perished on the territory of a great empire, the
Sovereign of which had made every effort to preserve
peace with France.
It was to be expected that this terrible disaster, the
effect of Divine vengeance, would have inclined the
Emperor of-France to a less murderous system; and
that, instructed at last by the example of the North
rind of Spain, he would have renounced the idea of
• subjugating the Continent, and have consented to let
the world be at peace s but this hope has been disap.
pointed; and that.peace which all Governments de-
afly, and which every Government has proposed, has
been relicted by the Emperor Napoleon.
. • Soldiers It is to arms then we must have recourse
to coosiner repose and independence. The same sen-
timents which guided the French in 1792, and which
- prompted them to assemble, and to combat the ar-
. mies which entered their territory, ought now to ani-
. mate your valour against those who, after having in-
•vaded the land which gave you birth, still hold in
chains your heethren, your. wives, and your children.
Soldiers ! What a suable prospect is opened to you!
The liberty of Europe, the. re-establishment of its
.equilibrium, the end of that convulsive state which
bas bad twenty years' duration : finally, the peace of
Ydie world, will be the result of your efforts. Render
. y urselves worthy, by your union, your disciplines and
vur courage, of the high destiny which awakes you.

cIuALES JEAN.

from my Head-quarters at Oranjeuburg,
August 15, 181 3.
. .
*THIRD BULLETIN OF THE COMBINED ARMY OF
THE NORTS OF OF..ktMANY.
.41Nua era, Charlottenburgh, August 18.
The Prince Royal left Potsdam at three o'clock
yesterday morning, and transferred his liead-quar.
tern to this place. '

Repeated advices, have been received that the
enemy's troops were assembling in force at Bayreuth
and in the direction, of Trabbin, to make a push on
Bet lin. His Royal Highness concentrated the com-
bined army between the capital and Spandau. Nearly
90,000 combatants have arrived. in that position since
yesterday evening. Some corps have marched ten
German miles in 36 hours.
Lieutenant Baron de Winzingerode has made.a re-
connoisance on the right with 8 or 9000 cavalry. He
pushed forward as far as Wittenberg and Juterbock,
on the left Hank of the enemy, and made some priso-
ners, two of whom are Captains. The Bavarian Co-
. louel Count de Sessel has been taken with some ca-
valry. Lieutenant de Vins, of the regiment of Hus-
larb of Pomerania, attacked the enemy at Zesch, and
took 52 men and 21 remount horses belonging to a
regiment of Hesse Darmstadt cavalry.
The enemy, as far as is yet kncuen, has not passed
the frontier), except with reconnoitring parties.
The French General of Division De Jomini, Chief
of the Staff of the army commanded by the Prince of
Mesinua, cam over on the iSeh to the Allier, and, passing
through the army of General Blucher, proceeded to
the Russian Head-quarters, He has confirmed the
intelligence of the Emperor Napoleon's project to
attack the army covering Berlin.
General Blucher occupied Breslau on the 14th.
COPENHAGEN, AUGUST 16.
(From a French Paper.)
The Governor of the Island of Bornholm having
learned that the Captain of the Swedish brig Venta-
litet, which was cruising between Bornholm and
Christiansoe, prevented the Danish ships from reach
-
ins the latter port, ordered the Cominandant of Cris-
tiansoe to demand an explanation on this subject from
the Swedish Captain M. de Kronstadt, who replied,
that he had orders to stop vessels between those two
islands, and take the Danish ships.
The Governor, to maintain communications so ne-
cessary with the fortresses of Christiansoe, gave direc-
tions for acting against the Swedish brig. In conse-
•quence of this, Captain-Lieutenant Wolf sailed on the
24 h of July from Christiansoe, with four gun-boats,
when a cannonade took place between them and the
Swedish brig.
The Swedish Captain sent a boat with a flag of
truce, to ask, if war had been declared between 4we-
• Upward,* of 3000 &UM Stange Ajiles,

alto. L IP.
den and Denmark ? The Lieutanant repThe4Ant
Captain having declared that he would preient cam.:
munication between Christiansoe and Bornholm, he
had on his side received orders to re-establish it. The
cannonade lasted for some time. The Swedish brig I
and our gun-boats re-entered Christiansoe.

THE EVENING STAR.
