\
•
•
a

f~

• %.

.1

. ik

- - - -.----
coosput to.,aatiefusitu *bike which
Houk op cerears4—.lbew us a
railetl4 ilk grievant., and then we w
with you. , Ile Might be asked what he
in, the ease of a Contrnittee.reprting that
ruption bad heen.practised in a Borough.
w.a*that bip•shouldropose to the Houseto
theiarne Ammo* iirit had la• the ease of '
and other. disfessachiictlsbefouglis: It would- 0..
limu..e to decide wharlhouj4 be the nature of the piaci
nithmentinflicted, He ha now concluded what he4sa4,
to say cra this particular subject. - He meant to ki.ing'
forward the general question of reform after Ester, and
as he had no* siontedide Hon. Friend ( Mr. Gren fell) as an authority.
upoa.the Witmer o 1 (*erupt practices in boroughs, be should then
have elle pleasure ef, ginning a new authority upon the question of
return%' thht .r the Mght Hen. Gentleman (Mr. Canning), who
said, 0 If we shrink back from improvement because it is an fano-
...ooa, we may live to rue it, and the time may tome when we may
have resisted it a littk too long, and may be obliged to submit to in-
novation although it may nes be improvement." The Noble Lord
concluded by moving for litre to bring in a all for the further
prevention of bribery and Corruption in the election of Members
to serve is Parliament. '4
- ilr. OREN FELL oetthe motion, but should not bold
himself bound thereby to his opposition to the amend
sweeping oeuvre of Reform.
Mr. WYNN said, he did not rise to oppose the mow
tion, for he thought nobody could deny the existence of
the grievance which the Bill was intended to remedy...
hot-there-were some parts of it, as stated by the Noble
Leird, 'Which required consideration, and upon which,
he entertained some doubts. The Noble Lord proposed
that the Committee shotild be composed of fourteen
Members, indiscriminately chosen by lot, to examine
the Petitions presented to the House. He hoped, as in
the case of the existing law, that one Member would
be appointed oereach side of the case, and that notice

Aversations. have taken
it by her husband. Thus the evidence of the boy;
could not possibly be true ; and yet upon stub-evidence
as this were eight men executed, in conformity with the
advice of. Colonel Cox, who addressed a letter upon the
subject to the Governor of Jamaica, in which he stated
that it was necessary to make art example of these men,
in order to put down the insurrection ; and yet, in A
subsequent part of the same letter, hez stated that the
country had never been in so tranquil a condition. It
was nut, therefore, in order to satisfy the ends of justice,
but in order to inspire terror, that the execution was
precipitate. The Governor, however, if he had read
the minutes of the trial, ought to hhve paused before he
put such a sentence into execution; he did not, how-
ever, and the unhappy men were ordered for execution.,
The Hon. Member wished to read to the House an,
extract from the letter of Colonel Cox to the Governor,
announcing the execution. It was in these terms
" Dear Sir,—l beg leave to acquaint you, for the in-
formation of his Grace, that the eight negroeseeho were
sentenced to death, ware executed this morning,with all
due solemnity and decorum. They were attended to the
piece of execution by a troop of the St. Marl's horse;
only one of the wretches confessed his guilt; all the
others asserted their innocence,and declared they would
meet their fate like men. They all laughed,when exhorted
by the Rev. Mr. Girard, at the foot of the gallows.",—
He (Mr. Denman) would like to hear Mr. Girard's
version of this affair. He should like to know front
that Gentleman what these poor negroes really did say,
and if, as was asserted, they expressed themselves in
indignant terms at their fate. Those who had read
the evidence upon which they had been condemned;
would surely not wonder at it. An ignorant boy, in'
order to avoid punishment
.for some trifling misde.l
meanor, is induced to give evidence against his own
father; he trumps up a silly story of a conspiracy,
bearing all the marks of improbability upon the face
of it. The father with the other prisoners, is brought to
trial. They are not allowed to examine witnesses, and
in eight days they cease to live. 4 nd what is the os-
tensible reason for this execution ? That it may prove
an example, indiscriminately, to the whites and blacks.
Solosequently to-that execution something like a taste
for plots seemed to have arisen in Jamaica. How
trivial must have been their circumstances might be
judged from the fact that in one case the Duke of Man-
chester thought it right to mitigate the sentence of
transportation into three months imprisonment. The
prisoner was a poor lame boy, who was in the habit of
talking with his fellows of King Wilberforce, and of the
liberty which he hoped that negroes would eventually
obtain. Such language was truly not seditious, and.it
was naturally the sort of conversation which negroes
Might be supposed to jidulge. It should-also be re.
membered, that the greatest temptations were held out
to witnesses, who were sure of a two-fold reward 11
lutoney apd manumission. The third case was that of
St. Oeorge's parish, in which the chief witness, Cormo-
.rans coast/lately resembled Tites Oates in haracter.
His first &Shirk, after sottiag forth all the allegations
which he bad to make, concluded with these words,—
," further the deponent sayeth not." But afterwards,
when he discovered the rewards which he was likely
to obtain for his testimony, he hesitated not to
swear boldly against the slaves of Unify Estate. His in-
consistencies throughout were of the most glaring
character, and on the last trial three witnesses had
proved a variance in his testimony. Yet this man,
and others who had joined is his guilt, were only
removed from the island, and not punished for per-
jury. In the course of their evidence, they spoke
of Mr. Lesein, and endeavoured to implicate him in
some of the seditious charger, but every case which
they attempted to establish against him, he was able to
meet with the most unquestionable proof of an alibi.
'On one occasion he was out of the island, and on an.
other he was in ptison. In neither case was it possible
for him to have committed the acts laid to his charge.
The trial of the slaves of Hanover parish occurred in
July. Here, indeed, it was admitted that there was
something like an insurrection. Had it been connected
with the treatment which their fellow slaves had before
experienced, it was no wonder that they should feel in-
dignant at the acts of the Government. Bet their rising
referred merely to the diminution of their usual holi-
day enjoyments and recreations. There was no fact
proved against them by a single free man ; all ie.
witnesses were slaves, no one of whom was awl*
of the natpre of an oath, unless the condition of
a slave is not inconsistent with such knowledge.—
As to the discussion which was held is Jamaica upon
the admissibility of slave evidence, the question was in,
troiluced by Mr. Steward, the father of the House of
Assembly. That Gentleman grounded his motion upon
a detail of facts, and not, like Captain Maxwell, wpm
general principle . One of the cases which he had sub-
mitted to the consideration of the House, was that of a
wretched woman whose neck was twisted off.; and al-
though the atrocious deed was oontatitted in the pre-
once of numbers, yet, as no free person happened to
witness it, the murderer actually escaped .pumshmetit:
Another fact related by Mr. Steward was, that a whi
'man, named Lee, had conftaed as unfortunate woman
its an interior apartment df his !Muse, and employed a'
hot iron to brand her all over. It so happened that a
free man of colour witnessed this scene of barbarity
-through a crevice, and 'to-that 'accident alone it was
'owing that the miscreant was convicted. Mr. !Viable,
the custos of St. Andrew's, Stated a female, Whose dog
had provoked a fellow with a sun, on remonstratins•
with him, in order to prevent ham shooting the
cruaa-
nal, was 'shot by*the ruffian, merely for so`much inter
ference. Marty witnessed the murder, 'but they were
only skesws, and their evidence was unavailable.(Hear:),
iMr. Heat* Mitchel, wit° was well known to many,
Members of the House, in stating certain _modifications
which might be adv.unageoinly.bitrialbeed.for the ame-
lioration of the condition of the 1111014, had made some
statements to which' he (Mr. Denman) could not agree.
After sheering the 'beneficial effects of Christianity, as
affe'cting'the testimony of the most ignotant 'dikes in
this country, he said that there was 4ousethiug in the
texture of a slaves skin, which rendered the via kings
of his mind undiscoverable. Mr.iiislop seemed to-let

would be given to the Borough and the parties impli-
cated. fie fliktigfit there would also be a diflieulty In regard t 6 the
expense. If it waste fall upon the party petitioning, he thought
few would ouleriake it. Iron the wiser baud it was to fall on the
Dames% they shopld ran the risk of having what had been celled
" fishing petitions,' Id which piffles proceeded upon the chance of
finding esidesee to suit their purpose.
Lord J. RUSSELL said. he intended to Introduce a clause to
provide that the expenses dna be paid by the parties preferring
the Petition%* Apunber. pan of the Dill would go to provide that
due notice should be given to the boroughs, and that they should
be allowed tai aphelia by their counsel or agents.—Leave was then
&site titbit in the DUL
atom TRIALS.
Mr. DENMAN rose in pursuance to a notice which
he, gave on the first day of the Session, to call the at-
tention of the House to the subject of the administration
of justice to negro slaves in the island of Jamaica.—
The papers upon which his motion would be foultded
were laid before .the House in March last, bat they did
Apt. cello under his notice till after the cleat Of the
. 4thion. the House agreed with him in the vietv be
1,94. of tlictrmsattions to which those papers alluded,
be **confident they must meet with its decided re-'
probation. He was aware of the 'difficulty of fixing
the attention of the House to any subject which did not
heir upon the unparalleled distresses under which the
could at present laboured. He thought the English
nation was suffering in a great degree for their own
imprudence, and the House woold not be doing
its duty if it refined its attention to the case which
he wit. about to submit. In his statements and
arimments be would. confine himself to admitted
facts,. pat •tes•rting to any other evidence than
the. papers on the table, which, though they might be
inaccurate, were yet sufficient for his purpose, and
sheered the- necessity of censuring the .proireedings
which had takes place. It was known to the House,
that .there Were four sets of trials in Jamaica, during
the years 1823 and 1824. .They occurred in months
of December, May, June, and July. The first case was
that of the parish of St. Mary, and its date was De.
camber 16, 182 S. In that instance, the hearsay evi-
dence of one Roberts, a butcher, who merely stated
words spoken to him by a negro slave, not more than
tixteen years of age, ptoduced the conviction and death
of eight persons, who all protested their innocence up
to the moment of their execution. Roberts had found
fault with the slave. the boy William, and scolded him
for neglecting his mess. The latter, wishing to divert
the attention of his master from the subject of reproof,
and so to escape punishment, sought out some remote
cause, and vaguely replied,' 44 Massa, you'll have bad-
Christmas." " What," said the master, whose alarm sug-
gested, matter for the boy's invention, is will the negroes
fink?" The boy, whose fear of punishment induced him,
in the first instance, to make answer, answered "yes."--
Roberts became More alarmed, and he proceeded to
itiftuire.whether the lad had seen their meetings, and
vt,ltethet. be had heard any blacks speak of their rising
? the boy, fieldieg that his master was eager to learn
more, gave answers which big imagination led him to
'suppose would please his master. To a question whe-
ther be heard airy one speak of the affairs, the boy
mentioned that he had heard it from his father. Yet,
upon this testimony were eight wretched slaves seized,
after foot days imprisonment tried, and four days after
eXecutedi all denying, at their trial and at their death,
the charge for which they suffered. They had been
seized together, tried together, and together 'executed.
Was this :consistent with justice? Would it not have
been proper to have separated them, to have examined
each urdividual, to have collated his answers, in order
to elicit the truth : yet no such thing had been done.
It appeared from the report, that the boy. after having
raised terror in Roberts's. breait, had been taken before
the Magistrates, and that various *military regulations
1;o1 been 'Cartied ink) effect. Of those regulations he
did not intend to titter one ward of dispraise: they bad
appeared niceisaey; and k was bat lost to have made
them. TO the question, Whether he had seen the ne.
groesitnady tithes? the boy said, is two times." To the
qttratiOn, *bete ?Ills ens**, "near the bridge." When
asked if'ffe knew the tames of them ?-te mentioned the
guithes Of th, kffirkft wltbm was his own 'father. They
wit seetted•bn 'the IGth, tried oh the 19th, and tour
d4ts lifter etecutek The Hon. anti Learned 'Member,
oftertalltteligg tolthecases of Brown add Watson, who
Were tried 'upon 'Very frivolous charges, totally -ninny
ported by evidence, adveited to certain discrepancies in
the testimony of the boy William, whettrompored with
that given by 'the boy Ned. The former said, that whet,'
the facts, Stated by him, took place, the boy Ned wa,.
with him ; this was contradicted by the 'usher buy, who,
said, that no inch flies took place. William, who

was brought fakir/Ord eiridence.against his:father.
al touSh aditioniihedtO speak the trieth, was not 4worn,
and tet ttniiftel tritittiony of his
met stm, the'nnhippj man iras'ordeied to be hanged
bY:' the 'neck, tititithe Wait .cread. 'A anther 'man, Watson,
• 'WU cOtidewitted 'upon the eiidenCe of his- own wife.
• ThinVinAlid odd lase, the son was bro Light forward. to
• greeldidetideitkiliiit his father, and, in the other the
*ire to'tnailie out

out the sectet of objettion to alaveevidenice,,when he
said that it was inconsistent selective the•testimony of
ones who idler gisiiwz his evidence. -might be taken in
alt WOI k•buttse and liosaid. This plainly :hewed the

___ a ease of conspiracy
against her husband. To sLew huw little credit ought

f).
of
Masters ; he win governed by a law enacted by his
masters; and he was executed by the order of his
masters. • When -he appealed, it was to the inferior
Members of Gofernment' and his conviction rested
vim bad.evidence. His last resource lay in religion.
But how could the Christian religion be taught to these
blacks by their owners with any degree of consistency,
or with any prospect of success? Would not the slave
naturally say to his instructor, 41 you tell me that GOD
is no respecter of persons ;that he is equally the Creator
of us all ; and that we are equally inheritors of eternal
life—you teach me that the great injunction of Christ to
his followers is, • do unto others as you would be done
by ;' I suspect your whole system; for, in spite of all
this doctrine, precept, and exhortation, you call me
your slave, and tell me you own me as your property."
Could Christianity make any progress when taught by
such instructors, and under such circumstances? It
was utterly false that these unfortunate beings were
indifferent to religion ; they died full of repentance for
'their own sins, and imploring the mercy of their GOD.
Such men must reject the whole fabric of Christianity,
on account of the sources from which it was taught to.
them; they must say, " our masters are by their own
religion so condemned and denounced, that it is a moral
degradation to hold any communication with them:—
Con forbid that theixtinction of slavery should be Curled
on with any such 'rash or headstrong precipitancy, as
to endanger personal safety, or the security of property;
but emancipatiOn was the paramount object. With
reference to the West India Islands, Government ought
to give their inckssant attention to the subject. At the
same time, there Ought always to be borne in mind, the
circumstances and people by which the whites and
their property were surrounded; but, notwithstanding
this, emancipatiOn ought to be the goal to which every
thing tended, Whatever might be' the remedy to be applied to the
slave system, it was of the greatest importance that the people of
this country should be informed of the proceedings in their Colo-
nies; and if acts of injustice and oppression were practised in the
name of the law, the House of Commons ought to lift op its voice
tor the amendment of that law, and for the protection of the suf-
ferers. He should )tondude by moving the following Resolution :
That this House, having taken into theft consideration the ac.
counts laid before them of the judicial proceedings in Jamaica, on
the trials of slaves for rebellious conspiracy and other offences la
the years 1125 and 1824, deem it their duty to express, in the
strongest terms, the sorrow and indignation with which ;key OW
template the perversion of law, and violation of justice displapai
in the, trials; they deeply lament the precipitation with which arse
tenet of death, wholly usaarranted by proof, was in several be
Stances carried into execution; and they cannot refrain from rie.
daring their conviction of the necessity of an immediate and elke.
teal reform In tbe adminietration of criminal justice affecting slave*
in that island."
Mid WILMOT-HORTON said, that the Honourable
and Learned Gentleman who bad just sat down could
not express a sentiment in which be could more warmly
join him, than in that of wishing that the West India
slaves might be emancipated at the earliest possible
period compatible with a due caution for the safety. of
the planters. Yet, whilst he allowed the evils insepar.
able from slavery—evils which nothing could altogether
cure but the abolition of that system—it was his duty
to guard the House against the several statements of
the Honourable Gentlema4 which, though true in the
abstract, admitted of some Question. One of the senti-
ments contained in the resolution was, that the law had
been violated. This he should prove to be incorrect.
The Duke of Manchester and the Jamaica Government
had been convinced by information- derived from va.
various sources, that rebellious intentions existed
amongst the slaves on the northern coast of the island.
Proofs of this impression were shewn in their demand
for troops, and in their military preparations...—
With suck a small force as he possessed, the Duke of
Manchester must have felt himself placed in a very
awful situation. In St. George's and St. Mary's pa-
rishes a rebellious insurrection hid break out ; that in
St. George's was amply proved by the confession of the
slave Jack, who, at the period of his confession, could
have no motive to utter a falsehood; his evidence,
therefore, must convince the House of the fact, apart
from the testimony of the other -witnesses; but the Hon.
and Learned Gentleman had stated, that the proceed-
ings in carrying on the trials had been irregular and
illegal; perhaps he was not aware of the real nature of
the laws in that island, and he ought to be more cau-
tious in pronouncing such a sweeping censure on those
who presided at the trials. The law was passed in
1817, and he would read some of its enactments, re.
Minding the House, that however reprehensible might be
its severity, they could not blame the Court,whose duty
it was to carry the law, as it existed, into execution.—
The.46th section of the Act provided, " That if any
slaves enter or be concerned in any rebellion or con-
spiracy, to commit murder, felony, burglary, or to break
bee any eut-house, no person being therein, et compass
the death of any white person, or attempt the same by
any overt act, such slave shall suffer death ; and if any
,slave shall be found is have in hicenstody any fire-
arms, pikes, swords, gunpowder, duo, or bane, without
the leave of his owner, he shall suffer:death.!..., Could

Mr. Cot states, that “ one or olc artetches eptsfessed to
the 'Rev. Mr. Girod, the; jt was their intentimto hive
burnt Frontier Work" and gort -Maria, ;ad kill ad the
whites." The Hon. and Learned Oentlemanendeeeoured
%to hold up Mr. Cox as a person divested of all arose of
ihumanity, and disposed to treat the negroes with the
utmost severity. He believed there was not in the
island a more worthy, more estimable, at. Isueptittlanui
than Mr. Cox. It so happened, that this WI Silentle-
man was the person who bad brought into the **seat
Bill the beneficial clauses, which defraud. t 1 dare
Court of the power of sentencing any slate teadulth,
excepting in cases of treason and i ebellient,_ The... M-
agistrate who tried these slaves in St,.M.rY's lied the
power to sentence them to iusmedtelek fignialmbere
which would base been carried into e.xecutio*Wat hi'
Mr. Co=ds letter, desiring that they mistbt Is Ott tit:
the Governor for his consideration,. With mows to
the letter, dated December 25, 1323, he saw nostsiog le
it to condemn—nothing exceptionable, except LW use
of the word " wretches," which no doubt was iikers.
ently used, and was perhaps in some measure excuses/4
considering the circumstances under which ...itewas
written. A more benevolent or humane map slid not
exist, or one who entertained more kind feelingi towards
the shaves than Mr. Cox—Wears/row Mr. Derintanl.
This praise he did not bestow lightly or ioadverteetly.
' He had the very best authority for entertaining that
opinion of him, If Mr. Cox had reason to be convinced
that the slaves on his estate had entered into a .ton-
spiracy to burn and destroy his property—to takeaway
the life of himself, his wife, and his family, at the. Very
moment when they were receiving at his hands the
most kind treatment, it was not greatly to be wondered
at that he should have felt somewhat ieritatedosod
under the influence of such feelings, made use olden-
, guage, which in his cooler moments, he would not
have employed. The good he. had done- .cnutd
not be neutralized by the use of a single indiseeetuvird.
The Hon. and Learned Gentleman had star d thoStAlle
whole case of the rebel:ion in Bt. Mary's had &guided
upon the evidence of a boy, who.was eot to be reliedson,
and that the conspiracy was the result of accidental
circumstances. It was impossible that such ao hypo•
thesis could be sustained by any man who had read the
reports of the trials. The boy had not been aware of
the consequences of his evidence, for in the first instance
he had implicated his father, and when his father was
put upon his trial he denied his former evidence. The
inference he drew from this was—the veracity of the
boy in the first instance. He did not stand there to
justify the law of the island; nothing could be further
from his intention; he was only saying that such was
the law. If the law did admit of extreme laxity of
evidence, the fault ought not to be charged apoa those
judicial functionaries, who had no duty to perform but
that of obeying the law as it stood. If he was called
upon to state the most unfortunate part of the West
India system, he would name this,—that the cOlratalits
evinced such a stubborn resistance to an *lteration of
their slave code, and conceived that the same Issessehich
were applicable to negroes brought directly-Iton.
Africa, were equally applicable to the present race of
slaves. It was desirable that the opinion of the country
should be expressed as to the propriety of repealiag
those laws, or adapting them to the present state of things.
As to the assertion that manumission and money were
offered as rewards to the slaves for evidence, the,D.uke
of Manchester positively denied the charge. Theprac-
tice was, to bold out to the negroes, that if by their
gocid conduit, or attention to instruction, they could
obtain a certificate that they were qualified to give
evidencein a Court of Law, their evidence would be
admitted. With reference to the morality of -this
question—for the Bon. Gentleman had directed his
attention to the reforni of the law, as well as to the
censure of the parties—there was, at the present mu.
meat, a legal commission in Jamaica, appointed by the
House, to investigate into the jurisprudence of the
island. He begged the Hon. and Learned Member to
reflect that it was utterly impossible to put on- paper
the.many circumstances which might influence a Jury
in receiving evidence—the gesticulation, the action, the
tone, the emphasis, would have their influence on the
minds of a Jury. The Duke of Manchester had stated
that the trials had been most scandalously reported. If
the evidence had been lax, it was the fault of the law; if
it was so great an outrage upon justice not to have ad-
mitted Counsel to plead for the accused, still it was the
fault of the law, and not of those that administered it.
With reference to the parish of St. G orge, the confes-
sion of Jack, singly, must satisfy the House as to the
intention of the negroes. Jack declared—a Bad usage
had driven him to this crime." •He states—" James
Manherty brought up 36 guns, in three turns, sack
turn he had two mules, on each mule six guns. J.
B. Cotberand then brought up a keg of powder, sad
carried it to H. Oliver's house. ' H. Oliver then tad it
would not do to hide the guns and powder in Balcarras ;
be would hide the guns, bat J. B. Coberand must carry
the powder to Mullett-hall, and there hide it." The e
-facts, if believed, proved a rebellious conipiracy.—
Corberand told the negroes at Bakeries, Were the guns
were hid, " that the reason why the Engli Is mopes
never succeeded in their revolt, was becnnse the r ;44
not the heart mat as French negroes. W.14040er
.=
Negroes fought, they did not mind being killed.
were killed plenty, and. they- killed buckets." • Herein
was quite sufficient to she* that stich actsl44l-00eCti-
mitted, as, under the existing state of the lain, liati*-
bey -

. the Honourable Member then state tha; there was ,no nishable with death. The 'had usage . been stated
law in St. Mary's to justify the sentences of death that only against Mr. Malcom's estate, anti yet •there bad
. had been passed? . The witness Sophee stated that she been a simultaneous movement Cla Golden Grove and
saw a black man hold a gun is a particular manner, Alexandria. This was not a sympathy in particular:sof-
and take a bayonet from a basket. The constable who feting; it was a general and unfortunate impression in the
searched the premises found the gunpowder and ball, minds of the negroes that injustice had beenfinether.
; but did not find the bayonet.. The Hon. and Learned, For these evil*, which every .person Veit 111.0*i/tAnue
Member could not dispute the facts, and such facts being was no .care but the progressive improvetneat of the
• established, could be blame those who Put the law slaves: in proportion as that advanced, in proportion
into execution? The last clause of the Act was of as their faculties were improved, and they carte to know
• * more sweeping and general nature. It enacted, their true interests, anal the views that erenntertairted
that " Whereas it is necessary to prevent the un- with respect to their, in the same piopo.,ticin would the
lawful meeting of slaves, be it enacted, that all slaves apprehensions of their owners be •deninisktl,-:and the
mixing human blood with rum, or meeting to learn slaves themselves placed beyond the taar,44. being
the use of arms, such slaves shall suffer- death, or influenced in their conduct by groundless motives. Thos
transportation for lite, as the Court shall direct." As consequence of the House agreeing to the to olutiew of
a co:nmentary on the remarks of the Hon. Gentle. the Hon. Gentleman would beanost injurious; because
Man, and a proof of.the evil inseparable from a state of the law had not bqen violated. As to the atsa.extern•
slavery, and of the state of feeling in a slave country, sion of mercy to the persons convicted, she Disko
he (Mr. Horton) could inform the House, that this very of Manchester felt that an example was neeeessary
. Act of 1817 was an amendment of one passed in 1756; to prevent scenes of bloodshed. A ..1.1 avy rev**.
and, severe asks enactments were, had been pronounced sibility vested .on his Grace; and he Mad asinvio
;by an individual in his (Mr. Horton's)-uffice, (Mr. Ste- proofs before him that a conspiracy del oust in
ashen, on of the Master in Chancery) to be oue which the island. This House should pause before- it onalsd
contained many beneficial clauses in formue of the the impression which the result of last night's debate
=shwelsopulaticui. The lion. and Learned Gentleman would make owthe people of Jamaica. In the east
said, that not one of those who suffered acknowledged before the House, they must think this saintArtia jots-
the justice of the sentence, or made any catifession of rice bad been done. In this happy country itself, where
guilt. NnWs be begged to robe him to page 44, whete justice was so well administered, it was sonseumes

. . .
---:- •to be given to the testiann pf the boy Ned, in another necessity of removing the cart-whip. • Eves'lime wlOl
i may pail the part of his evailtoee, het
.11 ist iip.toswpirtlir - oti?ri that the slaves istigjieamfOliVile tutbao-
oatospecific plats .0, to hastemalum *aeon a=but that, lir . gadttlit ;bat it jps aiy unfair rirralliWW" le,
will go alo "vie** of hit strissita 'at guards :- ' . f Justice,* LT stem to bit ang# aliois
akir
he meant to do
as
oicleres- ' wet dilly, the deli . stiaidance of their`f Ow jiaVilly if thitcart' whip bed
tat His
yillitpetiAltasibe J • Aroman, M , atilionipowerful in : iidiretting,sliek tgatisnony,
'l. His answer a stave 'on the estate of ' liereJith, Esq. (a - respect for anemnrar.obligation.. Plir hir part,
sets mace, ' . '•of the.witrieSses),. however; 'stated, that abbut li.- ived that there was-but one simple remedy for
if Grampound a week before the time on irhich she boy stated this the 1, and that remedy wai:=Etisencipation—(Hear).
084 d• be fee the
.elonversation to have taken place, _.the was informed of As Matters now stood, the slave came before a Jury of
Age of the .pti.! it byher hUsband. Thus the elislence of the boy; his Masters ;he was governed by a law enacted by his
_ _
