Petitions were al.o Kt set led from Richmond, and from the Borough
of Southwark in favour of Reform.
Mr. BUXTON sent that be had to present seventl hurdreds of pe.
Adam against negro slavery. He had been imluteti to refrain from
presenting them during the time that the reform question was more
immediately under consideration. He said he would more platten-
fatly direct the attention of the house to one of the petitions from
the whole body of Quakers. He said that that body were the first
who had ever petitioned against Colonial .lavery, and that 40 years
ago they had renewed their petition, and had a resolution passed in
their body and recorded, declaring the practice to be totally incon-
sistent with the tenets of Christianity. Glasgow and Liverpool he
also named from among the vast number of petitions he had to pre-
sent on the same subject.
Mr. WILKES made a few remarks on the subject in which he
denied that the Quakers bad been the first to petition against the
slave trade.
Sir E. LLOYD presented Reform petitions from the county of Flint;
from Flint ; from St. Assph ; from a third place in Flint. Also a pe-
tition for retrenchment and Reform, fkom Holywell; and an anti-
slavery petition, from another place in Flint.
Colonel WEBB presented a Reform petition, Rout a :place in
Gloucestershire.
Sir T. BARING presented a Reform petition, front the county of
Huntingdon, agreed to unanimously, with the exception only of the
two member; for the county—by a meeting of 5,000 persons. The hon.
member read the petition.
Sir R. VFW AN was surprised the petitioners should call Parlia-
ment neglectful of the distress of the people when the majority of the
supporters of Reform were those who last year voted against the inquiry
into the state of the country.
Mr. SPRING RICE said the late Ministers and their supporters
were precisely those who opposed the motion.
After a few words from Sir R. ITTVYAN and Sir T. BAILING, who
said the petition did not contain one word about distress,
DUNCOMBE said, the present Chancellor of the Exchequer
bad voted against the motion. The reason he assigned was a paltry,
insignificant, and trumpery excuse that the inquiry would turn upon the

eunency.
134 J. GRAHAM must :repel, in the absence of his Noble Friend
the use of such expressions. His cooduct in that house had never de-
served the epithets of paltry, insignificant, and trumpery.
After a few words from Sir C. -WETHERELL,
Mr. DUNCOM BE said, he had yargted.dthe weed not to the conduct
of the Noble Lord, but the reason a
Sir W. HEATHCOTE (the Member for Huntingdoo) regretted to
differ from his constituents, but he could not but think the Ministerial
plan most impolitic.
An Hon. MEMBER said, the conduct of certain members who were
returned without ever seeing their constituents, such as the members for
the Isle of Wight, and who talked about Reform not being demanded
by the country, was an insult to their constituents and the nation.
The SPEAKER was sure the expression had fallen inadvertently
from the hon. member. But it was against the rules to apply such an
expression to the members of that house.
The Hon. MEMBER explained.
Sir T. BARING presented a petition from Chippingwickham in fa.
your of Reform.
Lord NORKEYS presented petitions from Woodstock and Chip.
pingnorton for the abolition of slavery.
Sir JOHN BURKE presented a petition from the Barony of Ross,
on the western coast of Ireland, complaining of distress; and a petition
from Tuam, in favour of the plan of reform proposed by ministers, end
praying fora representative for their town.
sir R. BATLSON presented a petition from Londonderry, in favour
of the plan of reform proposed by ministers ; and a similar petition
from Newtownliniavady ; and two petitions from Londonderry, for the
abolition of slavery.
Mr. DICKENSON presented a petition from Bath, against the
beer houses.
Sir R. VYVYAN hoped ministers would provide a remedy for the
growing evil of beer houses under the late act.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from Galway, in favour of the
Bill of Reform before the House.
Mr. B KOWN LOW presented a petition from the city of Antrim,
in favour of the plan of Reform proposed by Ministers, and a similar
'rondo° from Down ; and a petition from Armagh for the repeal of the
Union • and a petition from the Catholic Bishop and Clergy of Dro.
more, for a participation in the grant made by Parliament for education,
and a petition front Port.a.down against slavery.
Mr. Ald. W A ITHM AN presented a petition from the ward of cord.
wainers in favour of the bill for Reform of Parliament before the house;
and a similar petition from a very respectable society called the Lumber
Troop.
Mr. W. WHIT MORE presented a similar petition from Bridegnorth.
Mr. GUEST presented a petition from Honiton in favour of reform.
Mr. ATT WOOD presented a petition from Bristol for the repeal of
the assessed taxes.
Mr. S. RICE brought in a bill to regulate the taxes paid by the
citizens of Dublin for local purposes.—Read a first time, and ordered to
be read a second time the 26th of April.
The house adjourned at Half.put Ten o'clock.
PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH
EMPIRE.

LEICESTER CIIRC)NICLE, MARCH 26.
The High Sheriff has called a county meeting on the 29th.
The intense interest excited in all persons, and in all parties, by the
Reform Bill of the King and his Ministers, absorbs every other feeling.
It is impossible to describe the breathless impatience with which the
division on the second reading was anticipated, and when a majotity in
favour of the bill was ascertained, the first eager enquiry naturally
had reference to the position of our town and county members.
Mr. Keck was found ranged for the Bill,—Lord Robert Manners
against it; Mr. Ryan. for the Bill ; Sir Charles Hastings against it.
Lord Althorp has sent forth the noble declaration, " That the time
was past when the government of this nation can be carried on by
Patronage,"—the house of Commons, even as at present constituted,
has confirmed this truth,—the King,—William the DELIVERER, has
sanctioned it, and the people, with one universal acclaim of exultation
and approbation, have received it with heartfelt satisfaction, as the only
means of warding off impending uproar, confusion, and Revolution.
The people must not think, however, that their work is done,—they
must not permit supineness for a single instant to come over them.
In consequence of the great exactions demanded from the parishioners
of Broughton Astley, for tithes, they held • vestry meeting a few days
ago on the subject, when they came to the determination to lay their
grievances before both Houses of Parliament.
Out of more than fifty Banisters on this (the Midland Circuit.) 11
only signed the petit ion in favour of the plan of Reform introduced by
his Majesty's Ministers !
Mr. Baron Vaughan—At a Common Hall of the Corporation on the
18 h inst. the following resolution was unanimously adopted :
That this corporation is desirous of seising the present occasion of
Mr. Baron Vaughan's first visit to Leicester, as one of the Judges of
Assize, to offer him their sincere congratulations upon his honourable
and well-merited elevation, and again to record the high esteem and re-
gard which they bear towards him. That this corporation holds in
proud recollection the long and interesting period of their connection
with Mr. Baron Vaughan, as Recorder of this Borough—an eventful
period of upwards of twenty-two years--during which he fulfilled the
duties of that office with pre-eminent ability, spirit, impartiality, and
independence, and thereby promoted the honour and dignity
of this corporation, and the best interests of the town. That the
corporation also feel proud to claim Mr. Baron Vaughan as a
fellow.townsman, and that they are desirous of embodying these
feelings and recollections in some luting memorial, gratifying to them-
selves. and to the town at large. That with this view, Mr. Baron
Vaughan be respectfully but earnestly requested to allow his portrait to
Ire taken, at the expense of the corporation, to be placed in the Town.
hall, among other distinguished individuals who have reflected honour
and conferred benefits upon the town, and whose memory will be held

in the deepest veneration.
Charles Alarch Phillippa, Esq. of Garendon Park, has let to the in-
babitants of Hathern a quantity of land, for the growth of potatoes for
their families, at a moderate rent.
LEICESTER. :•ATURDATr—Wheat 82s. Rye 48a. Barley 465. 7d.
Oats 27s id. Beans 46s 3d. Peas 38s. Fine Flour Ws. to 665. Standard
Wheaten 61s. to 625. Household 695. to 80.. Quutern Loaf, Wheaten,
lid. Ditto, Household, 10d.
LEICESTER NEW CATTLE MARKET, WIDNISDAT.—Beasts 63;
Sheep 276, Pigs 120.
At Leiceatershite Assizes, J. Ward stood indicted for setting fire to
the granary of Mr. U. Williamson, of Queninborough, in the night be-
tween the 21st and 224 of January last. The principal evidence which
came out, tending to fix suspicion upon the prisoner, was his own ad-
missions and contradictions before and after the fire. Mr. Taylor, a
Mucha of Rearaby, said the prisoner came to his stall in Leicester, and
told him "He did not know any thing of the fire, or he would have
gone and assisted in putting it out, for it was a great pity that the
corn should be burnt, but if it had been a fire for his muter.
(the prosecutor), he should like to have thrown him into it." He had
previously told other pawns he had seen the fire from Thunnaston.—
While in custody, he also said he saw the premises fired, and mentioned
the name of one of the two persons who did the act, but denied being
concerned in it himself, though he admitted stealing some wool, which
he sold tor 101. Bs. 6d. to Mr. Jaques, of Leicester. The trial com-
menced about half-past nine, and ended at three, when the jury retired
to consider their verdict, and remained locked up till six o'clock, when
they returned a verdict of not guilty. To the charge of stealing the
wool, Ward pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to be transported for life.
MARA! ED..-51r. E. Wall, hosier, to Miss Harriet Laughton.—
At Bottesford, Mr. Thomas Hoe, to Miss Harriet Poole At Lough-
borough, Mr. Thomas Bishop, to Miss Elizabeth Carringtte.—At
Beauchieff Abbey, the Rev. U. Smith, to Mary Millkent, only daugh.
ter of B. B. Stesde, Esq. of Beauchieff Hall, in the same county.
DIED.—At lbstock, aged 50, Mrs. Ann Clare, formerly of Syston.
—At Birmingham, 61, Jane, wife of Mr. Thomas Marris.—Mr.
