40-04-tielltsVArnek 14026141tWireitg'
ted r. Great Britain. This is chiefly the case in
rittanyand farther along the coasts cf•the ehaetweti
oar g„winsne there has' even been an engageMent
w:th the douaniers on account of this smuggling.
fide is still doll. At present we do not see so many
nglish families at Paris, as some time ego, a great
ni have gone to the South, or even to Italy.
It is observed, that in general the constitutional,
spirits of the Government is less evident in the De-
tirtdiente than in the capital, and' that in these De-
partments ihose who are not inclined to support the
loner have great influence. tlowever, the meeting
(the dew Chamber is expected without apprehension.
HAGUE, OCTOBER at.
By the last accounts from Italy we learn that the,
ter.! of Admiralty at Genoa has given notice, that
ia consequence of the Treaties concluded with the
orhery States, by the mediation of Great Britain,
0 subjects of his Sardinian Majesty have in future
Ong to fear in their voyages, all Captains of yes.
1. y are therefore strictly prohibited from using a
iitigo flag, as they have hitherto frequently done to
tope the pirates. All violations of this Order will
kvery rigorously punished.
rata late hour last niiht a Flanders Mail arrived;
et the Journals brought by it possess nothing of
"Weal interest. Extracts will be seen in a
irg column.
The Duke of Kent packet has arrived from Us.
with a Mail, in kW days. This is the shortest
ge almost ever remembered.
I • ,
. Lieutaaant-General -Ranasemtn, than whom no
t pa io the country knows more about the state of
byti, has, we understand, made some communica•
.
tons to Ministeys on the subject, which rave been
,en received. Na apprehension need be entertained
the fate of the Black Nation. They rises: com-
e means for defence, and will never again return
a state of slavery.

164 WINDSOR CASTLE, NOV. 2.-1111 !MAJEITY was
j .. less composed than usual daring the former
of last month ; but his MAJESTY has since re-
his tranquillity, and is in good bodily health.
" H. llALFolttr, M. MUM,
uW. ',REINDER, R. WILLIS."
The last accounts from Dublin state, that the
leilth of the LORD LIEUTENANT is satisfactorily ap-
' air% to a state of convalescence.
The health of the Countess of LIVERPOOL has so
• recovered, that her Ladyship was able to take an
I" • • in her carriage on Saturday at Walmer.
The Marquis WtithastEr still continues much in-
dat east Cliff Lodge. His Lordihip's com-
1, int is a rheumatic fever.
Letters were received in town late on Saturday
e ight, item Chevening, which state that Lord STAR-
S spt was riot expected to survive many hours.
3, Saturday being the Duke of KENT'S Birth-day, the
1 wining was ushered in at Windsor *with the tinging
..
LekA. The day was also observed by the QUEEN,
iu a pr'iva..e manner. The Duchess of !'attic arrived
ar °lrian& ; the Duke and Duchess of GLoUCEsTER
$ artivt J trom Begshot, to be present at the celebration.
c Monday last, Lord Examine§ arrived at Oxford,
o:a Cheltenham. His Lordship alighted at the
Factory, Exeter Ccllege, and at twelve o'clock the
'Council Cb Aber was honoured by his Lordship's •
, pounce, whin the Freedom of the City WAS present-
ed to him in a Gold Box by the Mayor, with an •
iippropriate Address. His Lordship replied in a!
manly and energetic manner, and afterwards. sat'
dDWa to a sumptuous dinner, given by t...e Mayor
• 'Sid Corporati;:m. All theNObilitY and Gentry of the
K C.lty sad neighbeufhoOd, and the Learned Professors '
I •
of the University, were present.
• Saturday, according to annual custom, the Rif,ht
llootthe Lou:, Z!4 von, the Sheriffs, the Ritmatneit,
several Aldesmev., waft thcii moat cavalcade, pro-
'seeder from 'Guildhall to the house of the .Lonn,
Centaur:a, in Begin &square, to receive from him
an intimation of the PitINGE REGF.NT's approbation
of cheekier of the Citizens.ot London in re-elect-
log the LoaD MAYOR to fill the same office for the
easing year. The Sheriffs, with the City Remem.
• hitter, AfterwAids proceeded in their state carriages
mad 'the west end of the' town; to invite the Foreign
Ambassadors, Cabinet Ministers, the Officers of State
!• and Hemelield, the Judges, and otlser persons of
distiation, to the grand civic entertainment to be
tiun at Guildhall on Lord Mayor's Day.
Film— Saturday morning, about six o'clock, a fire.
biaae out in t!.e house of a chair-japanner, named
Durant, at lifrmondsey. The accident was occa-
liariaby the boiling over of a kettle of paint, which
bad ken carelessly lett over the fire by an apprentice,
*Au he went up stairs to call his fellow servant.
• rat shop, and all which it contained, were destroyed
a short time.' The exertions of the firemen and
aditts, however, iortuaately succeeded in preserving
Iheahrelling house, which SAS detached from the
treetop.
Wednesday a fire broke mat in the premises of the
Union Roperie Company, Kincardine, in Fifeshire.
At the men were pouring a barrel of tar into the cop-
' r.boiltiVtlte upper edge of which, it would seem,
WI. beets too much heated, the whole of it got' up in
at_b.idzei communicating with the tar already in the
• .watt, of which there was a considerable Rumba of
. barrels. The conflagration at first was truly awful,
:a_d threatened destruction to the whole premises of
'^i intensive work. Tbe fl ailing tar ran on the
roc. rid in all directions; and nothing but the pease-
!' ' "14 fortitude of the workmen and inhabitants, who
dily assembled, prevented the.fhatnes from reach-
" sett Vac main.house, and covered walk, which, filled
kith hemp and manufactured goods, must have soon
fallen
fa •
_ a victim to the devouring element. '
The fine,
ttter, uas soon confined to the hilt's. in which it
,
leinatcd, which neither water nor sandt could extib-
Alter great lab: ur, the 'auildisl around the
t:tiStrltodnoi v.ivtit,haandpicstikm-aexe,huurdilt,hincdoinvitcienyaelds
Pitrce l • 1.
the c
reatiiial into a ditch prepared for
a ;6A may be formed of the in-
ntilhirplttely LY Ole 6.k
xd4Mes, one side of the boilers as
tk ottli
