Apia*, ,
yogic ngimikwee. Assorsey, ISr. ClOnifff
DiPrie/I4ATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
„Chaim Edgriird ISicninh. Emits:sea, Miser-makes Is in insolvent
cisminswspmes, and jumble to meet bia: eagsgeolents with his
treditosav”-Filed, Ireb.
, r Ana Moms mid Caroling Weis, 3011170,street,. St. James's,
.Zrogge grg ringnistassees, and- onside to meet
ovrids Ask ereditmes.,Filed, Feb. 24.
limes Glill e fdlairl s Oldham, Lancashire, morea4pinaer,io in insolent
:oireniangsneggs and Malik .to meet his enpgiamenu with his
.-4/041wrserFiled. Fob. 9s.
ti poi.lategne lin. .Nownion-aliwor, Onfariatrme, lodging and board-
, ing-booss keep's, is in inosivent eiresaimmiosik and unable to
.; -melt bls OuSedaegintwilishigaidiuwar,-101ok Feb.

tall..

.2:4 • 'i'PIVIffDMNIM; to It Made la MASTRO WA LS:STREMT.
*snile,' jobb lAA as 4 It Riani, i:erl.e. - nid* Melberb. dis-
,
lireeazetleyen. Ilarcb 16, Ilnporie Ripoilltja:Sewleb, and
Franksriart, ,
,tmeat
March is, Maribig,. IreitlitiVA brasie at
twelve, Muck li! /elm' Yeates Lucy, Paddiestoe-green, bay-
' ' i. at at& * Muck 18; ladies Whlteireesn'...Clkickester
.41 t • ,ee ' Wadi le, Martel Hi-4lb PlinfillilevAlebigat.
' 'it liSelve:" Ml*d 111, Inman WoOdhciese .seM Tease, •Mast
•• ' Alias Chamber's; Leideebill staid, sarrebant, at deem Mardi
ls, Henry Smyth, Piccadilly, bear, at eleven.

forehand large quantities of wool, which they con-
signed to-England, where it has fallen greatly in price.
by accounts from Amsterdam, we learn that the failure
Of GOLDSCHUIDT and Co. in London, had occasioned
three houses in that city, temporarily to suspend their
.pareilits: but they are said to have resumed them
• -An express arrived this morning from Ham-
ipiulls;. !rime the failure of Mr. GOLDSCHMIDT had ex-
cited great consternation and alarm. The accounts
from Berlin, represent commerce as in terrible stagna-
tion, and state, that out of 1,200 pers.ins who do business
on 'Change, there ale only ten persons whose bills are
negncieble; thus is every capital in Europe, n ore or
less, feeling- the convulsion that has taken place in the
monied world, and which has been chiefly owing to
excessive and indiscreet speculation.

We have received the French Papers of Saturday,
and the 'Volk of yesterday, but they contain little in-
telligence. No business of any importance has been
transacted in the Chambers. The report of the Msgr.'s IN
visiting the camp of St. Omer in May is renewed.
On the 18th instant M. DAVID, son of the painter,
passed through Valenciennes, on his way to Paris ; he
is said to carry with him the heart of his father in a
silver urn, and several paintings.
The Emperor of AUSTRIA appears to be recovered,
as on his birth day, on the llth instant, he was able to
receive the congratulations of a deputation from the
Diet of Hungary.-
The ktoile contains accounts from St. Petersburgh
of the 4th inst. which state that the Emperor is daily
occupied with his Ministers and Secretaries of State.--:
Foreign Affairs, the internal administration, and the
finances, all occupy his attention. The Emperor has
charged the Aulic Counsellor, M. ScnauouzLY, whose
talents are well known in Russia, with the education
of the Grand Duke ALEXANDER.

Intelligence from Constantinople of the 25th ult.
states, that Mr. STRATYORD CANNING was daily es-1
pected. On the 16th of January the Russian Charge
d'Affaires received official news of the accession
of the Emperor NICHOLAS to the throne, and invited
all Russians residing in. Constantinople to take the oath
or allegiance to the new Emperor. Accounts from
Trieste of the 12th inst. are favourable to the Greeks.

• This forenoon we received the Allgooteine Zeituisg to
the Slit init.•and Brussels Papers to the 2.5 th. The
latter contain a strange story as to the future intentions
'of tbe SULTAN with rsgard to Gieece. Mrs. GLASSIeIf
•
.aclvacklunvever, will even apply to the Sublime Pod.,

futst,ss at& your fish r . The following are extracts:
BIUSSEILS, -FRO MM as.
A Greek Joernal (that of Athens), relates that an
Emer, who was taken prisoner by Goura, has declared
that the 'of the* U lemas, in Turkey, having
assernbiltd to deliberate no the manner in which it
would be proper to treat Greece, after it should be con-

quered, has presented to the Sultan a project, the con-
tents of which are extremely remarkable. It is com-
posed of six or seven articles, the substance of which
is as follows s

1. That the inhabitants of the Peloponnese:, as the
most seditious, shall be all exterminated, or reduced to

I the most rigorous slavery. 2. That only those men
I shall be spared who are fit for cultivating the soil.
3. Tnat the principal families of Western Greece
shall be treated in the same mannrr. 4. That the
Greeks shill not possess any real property, and that
ill the land shall belong of right to „the Sultan.
That the 'schools,. shall. be abolisli.4l through-
out Greece, and that there shall be no titieits. 6. That
the Sultan, however, if he see good, . shall retain one
priest (Or eaefi'prdvinee ; but these priests and their
successors. ih4 *be . the only persons able to read.-
7. To replace the Turks, who shall have perished
during the war ; an equal number of Christian children
of both sexes shall be chosen, who shall be brought
,up in the,religion of Mahomet.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jaw. 2S.
1 • All the reports from the Morea represent the affairs
of •the Greeks as being in a more favourable- sits (don
than might • have been expected from the liieieding
accounts. -Missolinghi still, holds our, and the Egyp-
***awn to- Wove done nothing decisive; during the
sleittiii;asuctlks. The misunderstanding between the
,Prkish. and Egyptian Pachas, as well as the severe
winter, maybe the cause of this stagnation.
• Frinkfott•Papers 'to the 22d :Aliihed us this
.__:..
forenoon. They state, that in the SCoittiag of the
Diet, February 11, the President laid befdre the *Assembly
a Note addressed' to him by M. F. bATINICART, the
British Ambassador, stating that the Treaties with
Brazil, which have beep prematurely published,' will
'sot be ratified in their present form.
—............._

!Ives

.

' 9 .

New York -Papers to the • 45th' instak-ned Boston
Papers to the 7th, have reached us. Odirif the latter
states, th'arthree Spanish sev.enti-four 111.641.4 s were
daily expected •at the ftaiannah- with troops i we
havehhowever, to leans Amt. *tee vessels a this snag-
allude have sailed frons:Spnie. Letters kens' Washing-
ton state, that the Congress was depicted 4n dtiide in
fee*byte miss' ali to bt niggertsisjarity
It .appears bracchinsts. from SPIN that serious,
disturbances have broken out at Segovia;ivach it his
required the presence of %unapt to suppreu.

By an article from Madrid, it appears,
NAND has called on all these who made compositions
with the Cortes for quit-rents due to the Convents, to
make payment of the full amount of those quit-rents,
from the date of the composition up to the present time.
All such compostions being declared null and void,
because made out without the consent of the parties to
whom the quit-rents were due. •
A Commission of the Supreme Council of War, met
on the 10th, to try General Corn;, formerly a Royalist
Guerrillero, who has been long imprisoned as te author
of an insurrection like that of BIOMASS. The General's
Counsel was to make his defence on the 13th, and sen-
tence would Ease been passed, bat just as the proceed
ings were about to commence, an order from the
Kum enjoined the Court to proceed no limber.

Letters from Corfu corTrrrs ati the advantages said'
.y..."
to have been gained in various quarters b the Greeks.
Encouraged by these successes, the Moreotes are re-
presented es filled with energy,and its vying in bravery
and exertions with the heroes of Missolonghi. The
greatest agitation is said to prevail among the Turkish ,
population in Bulgaria, who were applying to their
Chri;tian fellow-subjects for protection in case the
apprehended war with Russia should break nut.
Accounts from Zante of the 19th January state, that
eighteen sail of Greeks, mostly brigs, have arrived off
Burn, and 'a Rem of 70 sail is expected, for the purpose
of making an attack on the squadron of Ibraham
Pacha, which blockades Missolonghi. The force of
the latter consists of 70 sail, of all classes. He has not
yet been successful in any of his movements, though
the Greeks have in his person a powerful and brave
enemy.

Deotbety of Voetingtbn. Bonnsansett, coal laden tot
was stranded on the tSd 'WV if lialirtlesainten Paint, bid
• exertion she was got olf din tabid Two boats
••te upret by a trettseiglens Sea*bt Vlick seven Indus_
•• met a oratory grave, rout oValtilkillitisis large fa-
r and son in beet boats pellabillit,
115.—Wind W.-+Nrriiiest 4w CWitdolda' trat,
for Maracaibo. Bailed else Genaoloiljas, for Genoa;
for Lisboa; Sysnesetcy,fisefg; Africanus,
Coburg, for 'hawk; ihrestlyabetifikakf.lor Malaga;
figrightly, &tape, std Depot rant; Nl' :Its i and the
Active, DAMES. for London.
Pttworra, Pis. s,.=-'Wind W..:-AltriVedlftliefliq Downs, the
Dara, Fans, for Vera Cruz • DAUM knit' Ilditski*,for Rio and
the Darts Mime, front Cork. Sailed die and
Reaper, EVA):2, for London, with Several etliets=eastward.
m
Devoinroat.—Rent-Adildral Gab/ atted' I morning
with the WARM= ihd V 01461, the East- halm and the
lituamer, foe Sierra Leone, brit elitstralty *lnds foreetiliseth back td
their anchorage. Sailed the Lvaa;lo,.witb dispel*, fat Li•hon.
3he Genoa, 74, Captain itALTZJi Barlivass, is to be fitted 1,1
Channel service, an proceed to Lisbon. tbirolits, 46, is to t„

—.----
Poansunren. FM 2S -The Gaunt* JAW., Sir C. Sutiscti,
Bart: *Trim d lan afternoon from Deptford, on ber way to l'iy.
.loath, to embark his Excellency ALIXANDItiI Caminito', 114 sq. Int
Illaiesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to
eke Republic of Colombia. The Gstartts, after landint,thwAnt.
bataidor and Ms suite either at -Cartluigena or blatlcaibo.
peeteed to the South American stadan.l" •
The Duchess of Athol and taIIINW tbe"i3engal and
winds

Imunrues,
ship - period of _ years service.
Amotarrnsers—liert. F. Wood. to the Superb, vice Metland;
Lieut. F. J. Foster, vice Paget. and Mr. Greenish, Surgeon, of the
flparrowhawk, to the Ariadae.
Fes. 22.—Wiai W.—Affixed his liajesty's ship Hunt, from
Deptford for Plymouth asa the East Judies ; front the Downs, the
Duchess of Athol, for China; Royal Mail, for St. Michael's; Ge.
neral Palmer, for Madras; Elisabeth, for Vera Cruz; Colisatbioe,
for Rio; Blenheim, for St. Vincent's; &haired, for Jamaica;
and the Fortitude, for Barbadoes Sailed the Eimer,
for &go.
Cowes, Fn. 25.—Arrived the Gold Hunter, Wassorasour,
from Havannah ; and Richard &nutter, Mee,, from Sincapore—
sailed the 21st of August; Anjeer, 9th October; and St. Helena,
90th December. On the 24th August spohe his Majesty's ship
Lamm, off the Strait, of Macepore; and on the 1111th,of September,
the ship Seperior, PRILLIII4 from PbßadelPda, out 109 days, for
Cantoo, bt the emtance of the Straits et &loco. China Sea.

Captain
• - for his

Thur.,. Fn. 16,-I%d N.W.-Arrived the Lady Keneaway,
Stratums, from Bombay—sailed 7th November, •Thit 4fune* bib.
bald and Britannia were to sail the 11th Novembst ; mad the Cam-
' bridge Ist December. The Simpson had left, for Tellcherry and
London. On the 23d of January, parted fauna the Indian, from
Calcutta; to London ; and en the 2d last, -yoke, the barque Peet.
lope, from the Isle of France. Arrived the contestßpants, frets*
New York; blitford, Trorcoa, from Iplogadure k A4e, Kum,
from Taretigoint; and the British Union, Pewits, feria; Messina:
The Company's ship George the Fourth stifled about daylight the
Thomas Couus and ilk D. Scott Indiamen with .tho,ftet of ae
outward bound, got under weigh, but put back as*, remaia,
with the Malkin, for India, and several others.
NORTHUMBERLAND ELECTION.

• I:

The election nf , a Menthei for the county of North.
timberland,. in. the room of the late Mr. Ban lonians,
cemmeseed on Tuesday at klnwick. ' Ti'CLSImNtLL,
Esq. in a complimentary speech, ntwohtiter the Hon.
U. T. Lititint, which- was seconded by Was. CLARKE,
Esq. of Benton. .., . .
Mr. LIDDIELL then addressed the ireelmlders. He
said he would be expected to state his opinions ; first
he feared GOD, and loved and honoured his King--
(Cheers)—he revered and honoured him as a, King,
and loved him-as a man; and who did not ? He was
sure there was not a heart there that did not thrOb with
feelings similar to his own at the recolleation of Ins
constant and warm patronage of art, and the many
virtues and excellent qualitiei which adorned his
Majesty's character, at • which they had recently
such amiable instances, in his munificent *ad feel-
ing donations to lii= distitisod. subjects in -
fields, and to the blind • end' forlorn &Kau& He
then avowed himself the detonnised • supporter of
the Government, and eulogised in war VIM= the
system at present punned, and the veri9os and high
talents possessed by the Miniateis; WitC. respect to
Catholic Emancipation, he . would give me pledge—
he dreaded the grasping ambition. of. the Roman
Catholic Church, and considered it one sit the most
dreadful- engines of tyranny and oppressinn; but he
despised the menaces of the Catholic Association.
Sir C. Loanntoz, after paying a Wigan
.ir.bute to
the memory of the late Member, and the 'talents of
Matthew Bell, Esq. of Woolsington, ptiiposedh m as a
proper person to represent the county ittParlillient.—
The nomination was seconded by ItiLlittAtioon, Esq.
of Nunwick. v..zr
Mr. Beor. then addressed the'-frefihtildit44)' old de.
dated himself favourable to the prelietit.•Giseitans nt,
and averse to the Catholic "claims.

After some other Gentlemen hail 'ltildeffied the
Meeting, the Sherif requested a' sheii ofilisledK which
he declared to be in favour of Mt. /ARAI:" Mi. Bell's
friends then demanded a poll. *heti ak 'd e• close the
numbers were—Bell 110—Liddell Ilk' 91'41e poll was
continued on the succeeding dayir,liticifsfe.stlell kept
' the lead until fistarday eveohig, Whelle:th.'numbers
were, for
Mr. Ikkfall . ' ;
1 . ous:
Ja harms al Pft.

The Rile*Nee, 74 (Vice-Admieal Bir.HARRY NUL&
G., C. B.) left Zante on the Illth nit. with. the Right
Hon. STRATFORD CANNON/ en boarsVfor Co:menu.
sople.;.-.She was detained at Zama in Vonserprenee 01
the illness of Mrs. CASNIMIIa It was the intention, et
the Admiral to proceed to the Golf of Patras, but
g .wind blowing strong for. two days, hereturned and
RT:the island to the southward.—The STRILLI and
DINA accompanied the RIMING& They will anchor
at Tenedos, at which Island the Manure will )tare her
guns, and proceed on with Mi. CAstastesto Constar).
tinople, if the Ottoman Government will -admit be;
within the Dardaselles.—Hampshire Tagreph.
BANK NOTE laanza.--Tberc were,--accoudiag to du
additional Parliamentary Return, os the rbkinst.Banl
of England notes in circulation to ..the-amenat e
124,899,0801. Ile amounts were on November IS
1825, 17,594,3011.; on December 3.47.47701944 ; o
December 17. 23,962,8271.; and OD DOCCUBIRW 24 sa,
31, the amount was 25,709,425 i. The Variations es
pending tbai abd eight millions in the count of a fey
show what agitation and bustle there must boll
►been in the pan k of England, as well as on thy Exchangcl

wi , 7-: ' 1
...... , T ,1, ‘ ‘4,401 • .
•
4 , '. . ° • . ~ -
• 'l, %' • X. ' .
• t
• • . .
, , • ._ _ ..
- •
aimeiviesaniim.,
. • '. ..'... 4
. • . , 1..., • . .
, • zas ..:.
• •
. . .
. . '
......:4- aiti
, . ..
ik . Veliiiii Albs 1010610114101/1161. res on t . Al* 9th jun. ther,,triguaiiiii/Cts which* ?.111
•
'k, . , bilmairatillirres omairoiscilwo Awavoilltipv.i4Atli fah inarkela ' . .- 1&„ . for th . elicited 'the ltayalistO•cde ii,,:. siciden attack ifti- the Cons tip The Three or 4
'CA...I a is.:. - • Neu 'th•,ititsinageiveu 17 c niddisai,VVlA iiiionigsti,. 454411.4 V %ken tf'frtitplie,‘ aittlded ' Newry, was virtu
4.. E:44 ji Opt bruit* Basingbaitatrett. 5 tow r• • ,' •
_ t %
7 . .140,..' aii pof lissingliaXstreet. .
~ ,
,v.._
,O,
...iii., Lift,illoiPa. artqli, , i." ' Ageelski " . 4hlnnehf S 74,44441-4 i Siirgal lien *egg 101 l eirqboth "werpjyredeatwezereent:
•1. l'• illittoeive; if 04 altlllt OrCOMalhiiollllfs Or WAS- Tate a neerag.. .P. - , . ‘,21 cides, and sonithousewareit plumieradi'and the lama taint. fiabertom
d• • . P• ............,. • •
• k VITT Algiii* 470111.t"*".16' G2B"--7--. ead °IP. ' . ,-..., ,r; te iiiiiirsri, • eitiviiividia. •ii.;von • dent of Police; ytkettied to eestofeerderous &Via to' e' A lacier
:
. - . 140.4-144 eat: • ' Keil CFt ' g, an-
W.' r I , ALBIN/TX, Fs
d 1111101 r D 4.4 aelettlersMaitb 4.
ll'
11114
• liAriggiriatKil" 'tonnes Oie flak Of the "c
.usertl•Stile house of By from the town to Madrid, to escape destruction. Rota Louisa for
'' . . at- the Court ot ' of &Arose, -_Ji* ---.. —Tumults have •.also taken place in Arragon and Sand*" Fmk"'
Altman, Ninon. Gram arid Co. Baalogball-street. R accustom und-cokito, the simpaut A wou.oool. Ex. Gallicia.. .. tor Gambia ; i
Samuel Curtis, Aildb.erriet,- viirebouseanao, February ti. March • t_ • . .. . agrillbtlb EstaN
. , 140,84 Aso., an no at the coon et ceiniukeen a Bank.- gessoes optimisation is essignesiusdia eatue,.they having
By an article from Madrid, it appears, that Faun- Active, Duress;k
Om 1••••••••=06 irso

China, put into .St. Hirleo this evades, with foul winds; anq
remain there with the Juliana, Isom% for Madras and Cakutta.
The S
ir Joseph Banks. ?cur:, and sempluther outward
bound ape, are in thi :
_,
The Ham, it, Captain , anchurod ai we !Pekes last
night, from Deptford. 90 heriewomte Plytniuth.' ,
Rear-Admiral R. Waitlisetwspisspippiptod tq. succeed Sr
Gamuts Evesin the. cotod of Mayeuty:e -employed ea
the South American sts.tind ' boteerit . the, finnan,
4,74,...
ile, at this port, to be cominaeded by Ca ' lir, outvnt.s.
Lieutenants Mensweasee., T. lliersarmy, • Corral, • , G. S.
Deis., Lear, Meaunes, and Cneatats. Now (, 3, E EMI
Vass, Esq. Secretary y Mr. Jens M‘Aletsua cly) , , , are a!se
appointed to the Genets. This ship will be paid Captain
lirraer
Pettucz CanlPaem., C.D. on lilfedeesday, and re-i . by
Captain Istemenns, Captain C. will commission another Guard..
ship for his period of three years service.
