lA)` DON.

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock Shut. iltulla Bonds 62 1 3
3 per Cent. Red. Shut 'South Sea Stock
3 per Ct. Can. 881 9 81 New Annuities
3$ per Cent. 1818, Shut. £lOOO Racieq. Ms, 68 9
31 per Cent. Red. Shut. 11500 Ditto 67 8
4 per Ct. New, 1024 1 4100 and 4900 Ditto 68
4 per Cent. 1826, Shut Ave
65
Lung Ann. Shut. Bank foe Acct. 217
India Stock, 2221 291 k Consols for Acct. 891
FORK! GIN FONDS, TWO O'CLOCIC.
Brazilian Bonds, S per Ct. 591 1 Danish lids. 3p. Ct. 691
Do. Acct. 59k Greek 8d5,1825, 5 pCt. 14
Buenos Ayres Ilds. 6 C. 92 Do. Acct.
I o.lolllbleill Ihi •, 6 p Ct. Mex. Bds, 1825, 6 p Ct. 171
Ditto 1824 16 Russ.Bds, 1822, S p C. 991 I
Do. Acct. 16 Do Acct. 981
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
- --

sicialt.

PAID.

Braeliar. Imperial .33 20 73
Dn. National 25 76 101 N
Mining Company of Ireland 25 41 2
United Mexican 40 291 11
Guardian Fire Au. 100 20 24

To our leading article yesterday, foeµ anderstandinp inaccessible
to all selfish reasoninp," read—" understandings inaccessible to all
but selfish reasonings."

FALL OF ADRIANOPLE.

An extraordinary Courier reached London at an
early hour this morning, bringing the Paris Papers of
the 6th, with the Gazette de France and Messager des
Chambres of the 7th. In both of these prints, the fall
of Adrianople is announced ; but in the latter, not
with so much confidence as in the former. We do
not, ourselves, entertain the smallest doubt of the
occurrence, for which—as our readers can testify—we
have been waiting in quiet expectation for some weeks,
having perceived from the first that it was inevitable.
Some of our contemporaries—even down to yesterday—

have maintained hardily a suspension of hostilities, from
the time of General DIEBITSCII'S concentration at
Aides; and arguing not only against all likelihood, but
in the face of facts, held out that peace would be forth-
with concluded, and the progress of invasion stayed.
These judgments of theirs are the less entitled to indulgence
from us, because we know them to have been wilful perver-
sions to serve a purpose, and not the miscalculations
of err or: because the abandoned eagerness of those who
pronounced them, to defend Ministers—who merit im-
peachment for their incapacity, if not for graver
deficiencies—has led them to represent as probable a
turn of events, which they knew to lie upon the re-
motest edge of possibility alone. Adrianople is the, se-
cond city of the Turco-European empire; and whether
the Conqueror dictate his terms to MA nmoun there, or
in the very Seraglio of the now vassal Ottoman, poco
fa—poco importa : the moral fall of Turkey is accom-
plished. The taking possession of Constantinople, if
it shall seem good to DIEBITSCII, will be rather a
pageant and a ceremonial, which the invader may or may
not consider indispensable, as a crowning formality to his
already finished exploit. The following extracts contain
all which has yet reached us of this important announce-

ment ; and it is but fair to remark that some doubts of
its • authenticity have been started upon 'Change : but
they have been started, evidently for 'Change purposes.

From the Gazette de France.
PARIS. Sm.. 7.

Letters from Constantinople of the 16th, announce that the Sul-
tan has accepted the Treaty of the 6th of July—that Turkish Ple-
nipotentiaries have been sent to the Russian Head-quarters to ask
for peace.

Adrianople has just been taken.
From the Messager des Chambres.

A very important piece of news from the theatre of war. which
does not appear to us improbable, has just been communicated to
us in the following terms :
" General Diebitach took possession of Adrianople on the flat of
August, without having bad any resistance to overcome, and at
the desire of the inhabitants themselves, who sent a deputation to
him. The city had been in a complete state of anarchy, in conse-
quence of the disorders committed by the two factions, which tore
it to pieces. That in favour of peace obtained the superiority,
and the Russians were received as deliverers by the majority of
the inhabitants.
" The success of the Russians has been every where facilitated by
the enemies of reform, and the numerous adherents of the party of
the Janissaries. The fanaticism of the obstinate Mussulmen, who
consider the Innovations of the Sultan as profanation.. becomes an
auxiliary to the Russian arms, which General Diebitseh turns to
account with much dexterity.
" It was added, that the official news of the entrance of the Rus-
sians into Trebisond was every moment expected. In several
plates the Turks went to meet the Russians, bearing a cross, u a
sign of peace and welcome."

The system of terror which reigns in Portugal is
assuming every hour a more frightful and intolerable
• intensity. A letter from onr Private Correspondent at
Lisbon, dated on the 22d ultimo, will be found in
another column; but we have received, in addition to

that, many details of a painful interest, relative to the $
tyranny and disorganisation which are enacting in that
ill-fated kingdom. Notwithstanding that the new
Ministry is yet so young in France, the effects of
Polignacism have begun already to show its baleful
influence on the Portuguese destinies ; an order
having emanated from Paris; directing an immediate
change in the Administration of Don MIGUEL. That
part of the tyrant's Ministry, which has been plea-
santly nick-named by some of our sycophantic contem-
poraries the moderate portion of the Cabinet, has been
desired by the Prince DE POLIGN AC to walk off; as
not being adequate—in the opinion of the Parisian dic-
tator—to the present conjuncture of affairs. MATTOS is
to be superseded by BARRATA--SANTAREM byASSECA;
this will rid London of one disgrace, at all events—and
LOCZA by JOAQVIM DA COSTA. LElTEtilat is, the
Conde DE BASTOSii to be declared Premier. Bat.-
FORT will be the new Intendant of Police, and the
Conde DE BARBACENA id expected by Some to super-
sede CADAVAL ; by others, to be destined for a high
military employ. The Apostolical Directory has also
been re-modelled, and instead of the Spaniard LAcua-
RlA•A—who is ordered back to Madrid—a properer
Corresponding Secretary has been found for that Board,
in his fanatical countryman, MARTI.
By the last returns sent to the department of the
Minister of Justice, from the different prisons, and spe-
cial places of confinement, it appears that the number
of arrested persons exceeded twenty thousand. When
MATTOS and VEIGA—who are now sent to the
right about by Por.tox ac, because of their excessive
lenity—presided over this department, they caused about
two hundred prisoners, against whom not a shadow of
suspicion attached, to be set at liberty : but this has ex-
posed them to such heavy displeasure, that our corre-
spondent assures us they will probably be obliged to fly
from the wrath that governs, and seek—perhaps—an
asylum in England, in company with their disgraced col-
leagues, SANTAREM and LOUZA.
The army has been entirely disbanded, under the pre-
text of a re-organisation. Some ascribe this to the
want of money, and the dread of an insurrection for
want of pay : others to the operation of Spanish Coun-
cils. VILLA GARCIA, one of the Spanish Liberals, has
been ordered out of Lisbon ; and during his journey—
particularly at Oporto—his language was reported by
the police as having been most thrtatening to MIGUEL,
should he permit in his Couniiii any influences from the
British Cabinet.—A decree of July annuls all judgments
and decisions of the different Tribunals and Courts under
the jurisdiction of the Oporto Junta. This occasions new
expenses and new anxieties to suitors,

The Fourth National Assembly of Greece has been
opened with great pomp and circumstance. The Austrian
Observer received this day gives part of the PRESIDENT'S
speech or memorial ; but we refrain from comment uoon
.
it, till we have the conclusion. The following extracts
will be read with interest:
VIENNA. Ana 211.
NEWS FROM GREECE.
We have just received from Corfu the Mammal Casette of
Greece of 55th July (No. 49), which contains the following ac-
count of the opening of the Greek National Assembly at Argos.on
the 934 July :

Aims. Jean 23.
The Committee appointed to examine the full powers of there-

presentative. of the several provinces, reported, on the List, to the
'Wildest, that of the representatives whose papers were found to
be in order. M. George Slain' was the oldest. Thereupon the
President invited M. ilbsini with the other deputies to repair on
Thursday morning to the church of St. Spiridion, to attend divine
service, which would be performed by the Bishop ; and then to
take the oath which was taken by the members of the preceding
National Assemblies.
Today, therefore, at the sth hour in the forenoon' the Pfei4
dent, with the national insignia on foot, and without guards. only
witl:a few attendants, and accompanied by the Ministerial Coun-
cil, and Admiral Instills, as well as the inhabitants, repaired to the
Church. where be attended Divine Service in presence of all the

Auties.
fter mass. the Deputies successively took the oaths, and pro-
ceeded to the Theatre,—where they took their seats in the Hall
that had been prepared for them, and which was coveted with
branches of myrtle and laurel. Some regular and irregular troops,
and a squadron of cavalry, under the command of Nikita Sta.
matelopulo, Commander of the National Guard, were drawn up
on the way, which passed under a triumphal arch at the entrance
of the Theatre. A deputation of IS of the Representatives accom-
panied the President from the Church to the place of meeting. His
Recellency entered the Theatre with due pomp, preceded by a
basal of music. The President opened the Assembly by the fol.
lowing Speech :

- .
" G monsuan.
" I congratulate myself on being In the midst of you; and esteem
•yself happy to give you an account of the actions of my Go.

----------
" Overcome by the laborious task, which is no longer propor
dossed to my strength, I was impatient to be relieved by your co-
operation.
" If the s►.ate of my health allowed, I would myself read you
the Memorial, In which I review, one by one, all the interests
which the National Assembly at Trmzene confided to me ; and
the measures which I have employed faithfully to maintain them.
•' This Memorial will he read to you. You, Gentlemen, will
strictly examine and judge of it."
Hereupon the Secretary of State read the following speech.
which was listened to with profound silence, and the most anxious
attention—both by the Deputies, and the numerous hearers who
at round the theatre.
After the speech had been read, all the persons, both in the Hall
of Assembly and the Theatre, cried out three times—" The Presi-
dent of Greece for ever !" which was repeated on the departure of
the President, who returned to his own home on horse-back.
"TIM TROODROT or OSTOCT TO Till FOUR= NATIONAL ASOCKSLT

Or gyres GIITIZS.

" Let us, with our whole soul, praise the ALMIGHTY—Iet us bier
his Holy Name! You are at length assembled to form the fours`.
National Assembly, at a moment when the future fate of Greec.
is an object of the benevolent and of care of the Allied Powers.
" The circumstances are arduous, but deeply sensible of
duties,we hope that Goo will not forsake us. His mercy has sr:ed
Greece by miracles; let us then be fully convinced that he has not
done miracles in vain.

4. When Greece threw off the yoke of slavery which it had borne
for four centuries, it was with the aid of a concurrence of events,
which were above human prudence and calculation. Greece con-
tended alone with numerous and formidable enemies, and with dis.
asters which succeeded each other without interruption. Its bravery,
its perseverance, and its fate, awakened in the Christian nations of
beets betnisphetes, feelings of human compassion, so that when, at the
'menu of human embarrassment and destitution, and when its
critical situation appeared desperate, it received material proofs of
genereus benevolence, by which it was enabled to defend the sacred
interests that it was endeavouring to place under the protection of
the law of nations.

Yet melaucholy experience showed to the country that its p-
nerous struggles, its blood-stained sacrifices, did not attain their
object, sod did not prosper, solely because they were not honoured
with the powerful assent of the Raman Powers. The Protocol
dried at St. Petersburgh in 199.^, tte Lreaty of Loudon of 6th
July, lsll7, sod the ever mes.ukaole if October, .. length
annotated to the Greeks that Great Britain, Russia, and France,
recognising the justice of the Greek cause, had undertaken to pre-

• Aecor...ng to the oriental mkt
by our dock. nine is the forenoon.

hours after ma-rise;

pare, by their powerful mediation, an honourable termination to
the king suffering of Greece.
" Its June the same year, I received the resoled= et the Na-
tional Assembly of the 14th Apr 11,1127.-1 thought that I could
not better justify the voluntary confidence of the Greek nation in
me than by endeavouring to procure for it, with sense oauthq,
tin:hope that the Allied Courts would not refuse their gracious M,
as 9900 as Greece, by the establishment of internal order, should
have given to the Allied Sovereigns security that it was will:gaud
able to effect its national and political regeneration.
" In order to seek the best time and means far the obtaining
and confirming of these hopes, and to be able to inspire the nation
with the same hopes, I made long and circuitous joyrides. before I
came to Greece.
" You know the situation in which the country then was. You
are also aware of the acts by which the Provisional Government of
Greece was organised with the approbation of the Senate, and
amidst the blessings of the people. I must now give you an account
of its proceedings, and it is for you to judge of them.
" In establishing the Parbelliers, we wished to profit by the
abilities and knowledge of the authorities to which the nation bad
often confided its interests. We wished also to thew to Europe
that Greece desired order ; and that, to second the nation in this
desire, it was the duty of the Government itself, in the first place,
to avoid exercising arbitrary power—Government had to attend,
above all things to the army, the marine. and the finances.
" The provisional organization of the army, and the formation
of regiments, the ordinance regulating the naval service, those ap-
pointing commissioners of the national bank and the finances,: were
introductory steps to the internal organisation.
" After the publication of these regulations, the national treasury
received funds, and the national hank sent it the sum of 2,034,660
Turkish plastics.
" The Archipelago was freed from piracy. which had caused an
unjust reproach to be attached to the honourable name of the
Gunk MARC. The brave warriors were again assembled at
Praesepe and Megara, after bevies been before led to despair by
disorder and misery. A division, under Admiral Miaidis, esta-
blished security in the Archipelago. and afforded to our unhappy
brethren the Chitties all the consolation that we could give them.
A second squadron, varlet Vice-Admiral Sachtury. wu ordered for
the blockade which the Admirals of the Allied Powers called on us
to institute. Scarcely were these measures in progiess,—scarcely
had we began gradually to develops the restored activity of a re-
gular Government in the provinces, when a new scourge came
over us. and again threw every thing into confusion.
" The army of Ibrahim Paths brought us the plague, which
spread to Spezia, Hydra, Poroe, and other provinces of the Mo-
rea. The nation passed through this new trial with the noble
courage, and admirable resignation. which characterise it, and
overcame this new danger. Though the sanitary cordonnes caused
insuperable &Sables, the internal organisation of the provinces
was, notwithstanding, regulated. The Demogeromes, the
-extraordinary Commissioners, and the provisional Governors, were
appointed ; boards of health, port commanders, and police establish-
ments, in the towns. were introduced ; and the Custom-houses
regulated.
" At the same time, and in the moment that our pecuniary re-
sources were exhausted, Dims Pairrisinica sent us consolation :
their Majesties the King of France, and the Emperor of Ramie.
were pleased to vaonos subsidies is money. That from France
was acconipsoied by a diplomatic agent, who was to reside at the
seat of the Greek Government.
" Thus, what we hoped when we offered the petitioned Greece
at the altar of deliverance of the Allied Princes, began to be ful-
lilled."—(To be concluded in our next.)—dfustrists Os. Aug. XL

CITY. Twn.va o'CLocK.
Cowls which left off yesterday at e 9 to 4 for the Account,
opened this morning at 894, and at present may be quoted e9* to *
—for money Ml* 89, with no business doing as yet.
CITY. HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.
Consols have remained during the whole of the massing at 894
for the Account, alternately buyers and sellers ; and 894 89 fee
money, with no business of consequence transacting.
The Foreign Mean is in the same dun state as that of the Bri-
tish. The report of the taking of Adrianople has not had the least
effect on the Market.

NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICAN COFFEE-HOUSE.
CUBA.—To THE COLLECTORS OF THE PORT OF NEW
YORK.—The Superintendent of this Island has declared
the port of' Santa Cruz, on the south side of the Island,
in the jurisdiction of the city of Puerto del Principe, to be
opened for foreign trade, for the term of six months, as
a trial. He will then determine whether it shall be con-
tinued open or not.
Jose Owen, the States Comm./dal Agent.
Bombay Papers are this day received to the 26th April.
From the Bombay Courier, April 25, we extract the fol-
lowing:" A report received in the evening announces
off town the arrival of the steamer Enterprize, having on
board the Right Hon. the Governor-General, who landed
under the usual salute. The said Paper contains a peti-
i on from the East Indians to the Commons of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain, to the following purport
The first grievance which your petitioners beg leave to
notice to your honourable House is, that a very large
majority of the class to which they belong, are entirely
destitute of any rule of civil law, to which they can refer
as a standard that is to regulate their conduct in the va-
rious relations of society.
Private accounts from Constantinople state that the
levy of forty thousand men, ordered by the SULTAN,
only produced two thousand men.
A vessel has arrived at Cowes in a short passage from
the Havannah, but the information she brings has not as
yet transpired.
There were passed in the last Session of Parliament,
63 public general Acts ; 136 local and personal Acts,
declared public, and to be judicially noticed ; 50 private
Acts, printed by the King's Printer, the printed copies
whereof may be given in evidence ; and 19 private Acts,
not printed ; making a total of 268 Acts. Of the private
Acts, seven were for authorising divorce by reason of
adultery ; and 23 for enclosing commons and waste
lands in different parts of the country. How far the
Kingdom has been really benefitted by the extensive
enclosure of common lands during the last twenty years,
is a subject of very great doubt with many intelligent
and observant persons.
The entries for the exportation of the precious metals,
within the last three or four days, have been upon a very
extensive scale. Since this day week not less than
778,000 ounces of foreign gold and silver coin and bars
have been entered at the Custom-house, preparatory to
their shipment for the Continent. The whole quantity is
destined for Hamburgh. Two of the entries were very
large, viz. one for 370,000 ounces, and the other 12,000
ounces. It is said that a considerable portion of the bul-
lion now in the course of exportation is destined for the
Russian capital, whither it will be forwarded on its arrival
at Hamburgh.—Herold.
Important repairs are now making in the SPEAKER'S
7-ouse. Three coffee-rooms fronting the Thames, generally re-
.erved for the use of the Sneeze's friends after his dinners,were
lately discovered to be in a state of niceness at the foundation.
tz has therefore been necessary to remove all the decayed Outs.
Macadamize the supporting strata, and lay down new floors. Gravel
:nd lime are the ingredients used to counteract the deed rot, which
it unfortunately too common to the coil. The destructive effect
may be seen in the Umber which the workmen have removed from
the building. The tapestry in the great room has been carefully
taken down and cleaned, and the house will appear in the best
possible condition next Session of Parliament.
COVENT-GARDENTHEATRE.MEETING THIS DAY.
—At a numerous meeting of the parties interested in this
•Infortunate Theatre, held this day on the stage, Mr. G.
ROBINS, in his preliminary address, adverted to his blit
ESTY'S liberality towards the Drury-lane establishment,
when under embarrassment. On that occasion his MA-
JESTY subscribed £l,OOO. A hope is entertained here of a
similar gratuity; and the Duke of BEDFORD'S support is
likewise relied on. A subscription is opened ; and Mr.
SHAKSPEAR REED—ldthOUgh a holder of four £5OO
shares—was the first to put his name down for £200;
he was followed by Mr. G. Rostxs for £lOO, and several
others for £5. It was resolved upon to make immediate
and urgent application to the Shareholders, &c. for in-
dulgence for three or six years; and for passing from all
demand of interest on their respective claims.

' - PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

" Liszow, Auo UST 22.

" What I told you concerning the mission of the Cor-
delier, BRAGA, is correct, only that he is not the
emissary of MIGUEL, nor of his Government: on the
contrary. The proclamations which he caused to be put
up and circulated in the provinces of the North, invite
the people to a new acclamation in favour of King
SEBASTIAN—the son of the Infants MARIA THERESA
—and, ad interim, to a Regency under the Empress-
Queen.

" The Government got wind of the object of this mission
of the son of Saint FRANCIS, by means of a plot which
exploded at Santarem, where some score of individuak
had assembled, proclaiming the new king, and the old
lady-regent. Nothing, however, resulted farther from
this discovery, than the arrest of some of these refrac-
tories. An order was immediately expedited, to lay hold
of the Monk himself, who probably will not be so easily
captured. _ _

"On the 18th there was a Council of Ministers pre-
sided by MIGUEL in person, at which the Count
de BASTOS was accused of having lost the affairs
of the kingdom by his erroneous policy. The
Count defended himself with so much intemperance
and rage, and treated all the Members with so much in-
solence, that the Prince enjoined the madman to silence
by reprimanding him for his want of respect. The col-
leagues of the brutal Minister believed his disgrace as-
sured, but their hopes were vain ; for he continues to
enjoy the fullest confidence of his Master, with whom he
is frequently closeted for hours together. In the face of
these marks of Royal favour, the Duke and the rest of
the Ministry are trying hard to provide him with a suc-
cessor. This intended substitute of theirs, is JOSE DE
MELLO FALIIIE; but the thing is altogether impro-
bable.

" The Spanish frigate which I mentioned in my last,
put to sea on the approach of a flotilla of the same
country, which entered the bay of Cascaes. This
fiotilla—composed of sixteen small vessels—maintains a
hovering station before the entrance of the Tagus.
" The Treaty signed on the 28th of last month between
this Government and Spain, threatens us with a new
invasion from our neighbours : the fortress of Al-
meida is ceded to Spain. CVESTA MONTALEGRE,
the Spanish Resident here, and the Viscount DE
SANTAREM, signed the Treaty. It is said that the

Government of FERDINAND insisted upon certain ex-
planations, before it consented to ratify some of the arti-
cles ; and a courier was dispatched to Madrid on the
19th, bearing the requisite explanations.
" The Editor of the Gazette has refused to publish a list
of the condemned persons in nine prosecutions just con-
cluded in this capital, and also the names of 193 others,
condemned in the tribunals of Oporto—all to death—
without an express order from the Minister for Foreign
Affairs : but this order the Minister refuses to give, on
the ground that it would only expose the Government to
the hatred of the Journals.

" The royal barber—the Viscount DE QUELUZ...4S no
longer so intimate with MIGUEL—IS he used to be : it
has been said even, that he wanted to accommodate
matters with the party of the young Queen MARIA.
The fact is, that he has been supplanted as a bosom-
confidant by Ganto and ROCHA, two officers of the
royal closet, boon companions of the secret debaucheries,
and dissipations of the capricious despot.
"The Princess MARIA BEWEDICTA died on the 18th.
Neither the Queen nor her son evinced the slightest
feeling, but on the contrary, every public mark of
respect was forbidden. Don MIGUEL abandoned the
funeral of his aunt to the care of her afflicted
household. The Princess left some articles of jewel-
lery to her nieces—to her nephews, also, including
the Emperor Don PEnao—and to the Queen Donna
MARIA. But the Infanta ISABELLA...MARI A was
the most signally favoured ; for, besides a diamond
necklace, the Princess left her a beautiful country house.
The bulk of the deceased's property went to the Hospital
of Invalids of Runa—a charity founded by herself: but
she did not forget a single member of her family, espe-
cially the Countess of RIBEIn A.
" The atrocities of the Government are kept up without
mitigation or interruption, and the sufferings of the
people—more particularly in this capital—are at their
height. The partisans of MIGUEL are no more to be
seen : he has the art of making enemies, even of his
greatest favourites ; the majority of whom would give
their ears, not to have committed themselves so far."

Information received from Lisbon this morning, informs
us that the Government there had received bad news
from their squadron off Terceira, which was not suffered

to transpire.
The French army only counted two traitors in its
ranks—these were the Generals SARRASIN and BIWA-
MONT—the former is at present under sentence in the
galliee.—Figaro.
It was at the solicitation of General GERARD that
NAPOLEON consented to employ BOURMONT in the
campaign of 1815. The General said he would answer
for him with his head. When he announced the desertion
of his protegi to Bois APARTE, the Emperor seizing the
General's head, and gently shaking it, contented himself
with merely saying—" GERARD, this head is mine."---
Figaro.
Lisbon Gazettes, from 24th to 29th August, both in-
clusive, received this day, contain long lists of promotions
in the army. In the list of arrivals there is yet no men-
tion of any vessel from the Azores.
An ex-officio information has been filed by the Attor-
ney General against the Proprietor of the Dublin Even-
ing Post, notice of which was served upon Mr. Magee
on the sth inst. The notice does not contain a specifi-
cation of a particular publication charged as libellous,
but calls upon the proprietor to answer such charges so
shall be preferred against him by his Majesty's Attorney-
General for Ireland, in the Court of King's Bench, on
the first day of Michaelmas term. Another notice of
ex-officio information has been served on the proprietor
of the Freeman's Journal ; and that it is intended to
adopt a similar proceeding regarding the Pilot, (a public-
spirited :journal, conducted with great talent) and the
nd on nhervet.
