COMMITTEE ROOM, KING's HEAD, POULTRY,

• April 8, 1809.
rrio Reports, as malicious as unfounded, the
Ltive for which will be easily discovered, having been in-
dustriously circulated, the one that Captain WILLIAMS does
not intend to proceed to the ballot on Wednesday next, the other
that he is not eligible to bold a Seat in the Direction,
The Committee for managing that Gentleman's Election, feel
themselves called upon to contradict the same in the most posi-
tive terms, and to hope the Proprietors of East India Stock will
not suffer such unworthy subterfuges to deprive them of their un-
doubted right of election.
_ _ _

The Committee sits every day, and any communication for Cap.
taro LLI A MS'S interest, &c. will be thankfully received.

PORTUGAL

LISBON, MARCH 23.

A courier has arrived here with intelligence from
Braga, that upon the approach of the French van-
guard, the armed inhabitants of that city waited upon
the Portuguese General, B. Frere d'Andrade, in great
numbers, offering to advance and meet the French
force. He refused them, alledging, it would be im-
proper, and the height of madness to attack them in
the passes ; that he had provided every thing, and
would give them battle. The great number of peo-
ple from the country, who hourly joined the citizens
from all parts, and the rapid advance of the French,
caus,3 the peasants to be exceedingly clamorous, nay,
furious ; the General refused ammunition to those
who had fire arms. At this crisis, it was discovered
the Portuguese troops were without cartridge., which
caused so great a ferment among the multitude of
piker-nen, that they attacked the General and guard..
A desperate conflict ensued, when the peasantry for-
ced the house, and instantly killed the General an.l
his Aid-du-Camp, literally cutting them in piects.—
One of the Secretaries who survived a snort time,
after receiving several stabs, called for mercy, and
entreated permission to make a full disclosure, and
pointed out the places where the ammunition was se-
creted and buried, together with two papers which
fully proved that the General had agreed with the
French Commander to adm;t 80,0(X) troops in three
divisions, into Portugal. The terms, &c. were fully
proved. In consequence of which the Marquis Lola
and three c:her Noblemen, Commanders of the
forces, were seized and sent prisoners to Lisbon. The
star, &c. of the General was embrued in blood, as a
mark of triumph over perfidy. In consequence of
the discovery the rage and frenzy of the people was
unrestrainable. They sallied to meet the French, and
a hasty and terrible conflict ensued : the Portuguese
completely destroyed the first advance of 500 French
cavalry, with the second division they equally suc-
ceeded, and 500 and upwards of horses are captured
and sent to Oporto. Among the prisoners taken are
numbers who were part of Junot's army. This spi-
rited conduct of the peasantry of Braga has caused,
universal joy, and we hope will be productive of si-
milar emulation.

MARCH 24.—About o'clock this morning, when
the packet had been under weigh more than an hour,
Captain Haul.. received an order from the Ambassa-
dor not to sail till the arrival of the post from Oporto.
I have seen several letters from Oporto of the 21st
instant, which fully confirm what I wrote to you yes-
terday, respecting the murder of the Portuguese Ge-
neral at Braga. They say that such of the Portu-
guese troops as marched against the French were fur-
nished with balls too large for their guns, and the
discovery was not made till they came to action, and
that the movements of these troops was so directed
as to give the enemy every possible advantage.
It will he recollected in England that General Sir
Arthur Wrelieslcy, on his examination, gave some ac-
count of General Bernerdine's conduct during the
time he (Sir Arthur) was in this country. Some let-
ter; say, that General Baron Ellen, in the English
vrvice, who succeeded Bernerdine, has been de-
feated and has retae;aed to Oporto; others say, that
he has gained considerable advantage over the enemy,
and has fallen back to a be ter paation. They
all seem to agree, hawesar, ;hat the enemy is within
a days march of Opart, and that the city all con-
fusion. l'he genera., o, iuin,i here is, that t?.ie French
have not sarticie.:t I,ri.e in that quarter to make an
attack. opor .o has been very stionoy fortitied, and
i all toe neabaant, that were able h.:se armed them-
selves in some way or other and have gone out to
Beet them.

On the 10th of t:' is month an engagement took
place in Santo Andte, between one battalion of the
regim• nt of font, No. 6, three companies Of the Vo-
lunteers of (:have::, the egimmt of of Villa
Real, and the Frci.ch. Our troops !:ehaved with
the greatest gallan• ry, and the enemy's loss was very
severe. People w:i witnes,ed the action state, that
the Fr •nch r mph yed fr,- ni ten to twelve waggons to
carry off their w: (inded. A great number of etters
received from Opoi U' agree in stating, that the French
have been defeated on the read of Braga. One of
them, ;.f the 19th inst. contains the following passage-
s. I have just time to inform y.:u, that at ten o'clock
this morning an express arrived from Baron Eben,
with the pleabii.g intelligence that yesterday, at four
o'clock in the afternoon, a second attack was made
by the corps under his command ; the result of which

wls, that the French were defeated with great loth
and five hundred cavalry were taken prisoners, with

their horses."

His Roy.tl Highness the Prince Regent has ap-
pointed General William Car Beresford, Field Mar-
bhal and Commander in Chiefof the Portuguese army.

It appears from an Extraordinary Gazette, pub-
lished at Seville on the Ist inst. that the division of
Spanish' troops commanded by the Duke of Albu-
querque, was attacked on the ‘22d ult. in the position
of Consavigra, by a French force of eleven thousand
foot and three thousand horse ; which attack was
made with the enemy's usual impetuosity, but com-
pletely failed, owing to the uncommon intrepidity
displayed by the Spanish troops. The French weft
repulsed and defeated with the loss of upwards of
4.00 men.

Field-Marshal I3ERESFORD has issued the following

GENERAL ORDERS:

Head-quarters, Lisbon, March 13.
" His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of POR•
Tro A L having most graciously teen pleased to entrust
to Field-Marshal BERESFORD the command in chief
of his armies, thinks it tight, on assuming the said
command, to state and declare to his comrades in
arms his sentiments on this occasion.

The Field-Marshal and Commander in Chief,
during the time he served in the army which was sent
by his Britannic Majesty to support the admirable
and prodigious efforts made by the Portuguese to
recover their liberty and independence, so unjustly
attacked, had an opportunity of becoming intimate-
ly acquainted with the military character of the na-
tion ; and although he thinks he has given the most
effectual proofs of the favo,trable idea he had formed
of that character, by accepting the above command,
yet he wishes and hopes to prove in a more decisive
manner, that the command in chief of the Portuguese
army could not have possibly been confided to any
other Officer so thoroughly convinced of the innate
military talents and disposition of the Portuguese
who want nothing but some skill and uniformity of
plan in the direction of their warlike energies to prove
that they still are what they have always been, if not
the best soldiers, at least equal to the most valiant
and most intrepid troops of Europe. The Field-
Marshal Commander in Chief will therefore exert
himself with incessant zeal and application to render
those qualities as efficient as they are accustomed to
be when they are assisted by a strict and well-regu-
lated discipline. It is universally acknowledged that
the Portuguese are loyal to their Sovereign, obedient
to their lawful authorities who represent him, and en-
dure, without murmurs, the privations and inconve-
niences to which armies must frequently submit.—
The patriotism, energy, and enthusiasm, of which
they have but very lately given the most unquestion-
able proofs ; the glory which they acquired in Rous-
sillon, and tie successes which they obtained on the
n,,rthern frontiers, clearly shew their determined in-
tv_pic.lity and valour, qualities which cannot but ren-
der them worthy of their ancestors, and as famous as
them.

" No nation, Portuguese, is therefore better qua-
lified than you are to form the best troops. The
Field-Marshal, Commander in Chief, convinced of
this truth, finds himself, with the utmost pleasure,
identified with the Portuguese nation. He is a Por-
tuguese Officer, and confides to the Portuguese his
character and honour, perfectly satisfied that they
will be preserved unimpaired, and returned to him
with gain.

The Field-Marshal, Commander in Chief,
deems it necessary to assure you, that he will at ail
times consider it as one of his most important duties,
to raise and reward merit, whenever he shall meet
with it, and that the only recommendation he shall
notice will be that derived from zeal, activity, skill,
valour, and patriotism, qualities which shall at all
times find in him a sure and zealous protector. The
Field-Marshal, Commander in Chief, calls the at-
tention of all the General and subaltern Officers to
the present state and improvement of the army, and
being convinced that the best method of introducing
discipline and a strict observance of duty into a mi.
litary corps consists in the example set by the officers,
he hopes they will never fail to give their men a les-
son so necessary and important. The Field-Marshal
Commander in Chief feels anxious to embrace the
e truest opportunity of imspecting the different corps
which have already taken the field, as well as the rest
of the army ; and he shall avail himself of all occa-
sions which offer to promote the satisfaction, deco-
rum, and advantage of the officers and soldiers who
arc entrusted to his care.
4, Head-quarters, Lisbon, March 13, 1809."

PROCLAMATION

07 NIMISIIAL SOULT TO THE PORTUGUESE, WITH

REMARKS.

In consequence of the memorable successes ob-
tained by the army of his Majesty the Emperor and
King, my August Sovereign, 1 again approach your
territory to take possession of the whole of it in the
name of my master."
(When the Frmcli before in the month of Febru-
ary last, ventured to pass the Minho, they in like
manner issued a paper with the ridiculous title of
Proclamation ; they were, however, defeated, and
proceeded to the frontiers of another province more
open, and where they hoped to encounter fewer obsta-
cles- They are mistaken, they will meet with a bar-
rier of brass. They may occupy some small part of
the frontier country, but an incessant and relentless
war shall make them abandon their enterprize ; the
whole of the country they can never conquer.)

" I do not, therefore, expect that I shall meet with
any resistance, but flatter myself I shall be received
with the same cordiality with •vh:ch we were receiv-
ed little more than a year ago."
( We received the French well in November 1807,
because his Royal Highness expressly commanded it;
and it was never expected that they would prove so
cruel and rapacious as we found them : Spain likewise
then made common cause with the French. Does
not Marshal Soult know how we were treated by
Junot, who trampled on our independence and our
constitution ; made slaves of our youth, violated our
women, and defaced the images of our saints ; what
horror! what desperation I And, can he flatter him.
self, that we shall receive him cordially Ah ! had
such a proposition been made to our ancestors what

fury would have possessed them Our neighbours
in their wars against us, always advanced, and relied
on some equivocal rights of succession; and during
the eight centuries our monarchy has lasted, no inso-
lent stranger has ever dared to say to us—l wish to
be lord of your kingdom ; receive us cordially. But
it was reserved for the present age to see and hear
monstrous extravagances of every kind.) '

" What effect can resistance have ? What can you
propose to yourselves, when all those armies which
frenzy had assembled in Spain are destroyed ?"
(This is a great falsehood—the same armies exist
which did exist, and it they did not, why, atter hav-
ing entered Madrid more than three months ago, have
you not been able to advance either to Castillo Branco
or to Badajoz ? Besides, do you not know, that Por-
tugal contains three millions of inhabitants, and con-
sequently 500,000 men capable of bearing arms, and
all willing and eager to bear them ? Perhaps you
imagine we have not arms, but we have considerable
quantities, and our Government has no doubt applied
to England for more. Perhaps you think our armies
are separated and cannot be united. This might
have been the case under the old system, but certainly
is not under the new ; we have considered and are
aware of the necessity of uniting our forces, or at
least of making them act in concert.)
" That English army which made its appearance
on the Continent only to foment the spirit of disorder
and rebellion, and inflict all kinds of calamities, has
been defeated, and forced to embark for England,
after having lost one half of its soldiers, its best Ge-
nerals, all its ammunition and artillery, its horses and
baggage."
-( We are weary with so much repetition with re-
-1 spect to the English army. Bessieres, in January,
said that the English had lost 10,000 men ; and Soult
says they lost 17,500, (the half of 35,000, of which
the army of General Moore at first consisted) ; we
I shall, no doubt, soon be told that all the English were
killed or taken, and not a single man reimbarked !
'The French should know, that several British divi-

sions are already disembarking in the Tagus, and
that more are expected ; and, as the British Cabinet
knows its first interest is the interest of the Peninsula,
it is greatly to be hoped that a British force will land
in the Asturias, and, joining those valiant mountai-
neers, proceed to take Ferrol and Corunna, and at-
tack the rear-guard of Soult. It will likewise be
very proper that England should send efficacious
succours to Catalonia to reconquer Barcelona, be-
cause that place remaining in the power of the enemy,
greatly impedes the operations of the Patriots in the
South of Spain.) _ _

" Portuguese, in the name of his Majesty the Em
peror and King Napoleon, I offer you that peace
which you yourselves have driven from your country."
(You come to offer us peace ! with whom then
are we at war but with you ? We were at peace when
your arrival caused war. Your proposal is self-con
tradictory. The peace we seek mnst be compatible
with the sacred rights and honour of our august So-
vereign, and with our national independence. Do
not change the meaning of words : what you offer us
is slavery and not peace. You propose that we should
be quiet, and suffer you to seize without resistance,
the Government of the nation ; this is truly a very
extraordinary manner of treating for peace.)
" I offer you protection for yourselves and your
property, for your religion, and the Ministers of that
religion."
(Napoleon, in like manner, offered to protect our
property for a contribution of 40 millions of cruiza-
' does ; and M. Junot increased this favour, by distri-
buting it in such a manner as to produce 80. The
same Junot protected the plate and gold in the
, churches, taking only the sacred utensils necessary
for your defence, he was tiltewise willing to divest re-
ligion of the superstitions by which it was dishonoured
—in other words, like Julian the Apostate, to reduce
' it to that ridiculous simplicity which must render it
contemptible.)
I " I offer you likewise an entire oblivion of the past,
and will engage that you shall receive the clemency
of his Majesty the Emperor."
(Clemency from a man entirely a stranger to us,
and from so vindictive and ferocious a tyrant ! It is
not possible either to wish it or to hope it.)
" You shall enjoy the benefit of the sublime insti-
tutions of the same august Sovereign. It will be easy
, for me to deliver you from the calamities which you
cannot deny that you endure, and assuage the evils
which you have suffered, if I arrange your Admini-
strations, and organize the Portuguese army."
(We have experienced the sublime Government of
your august friend, and GOD protect us from it !
Of our calamities you are the cause—for Portugal
was flourishing before your fatal arrival. Your pre-
sence, far from assuaging, would most miserably ag-
gravate our evils. Our Administrations and our
armies are already organized, and it would be the last
lof degradations to suffer your Government again to
disorganize them absolutely.)
I •' There are among you citizens whose intentions
I have ever been pure, and who ougot now to exercise
their influence to pror iote the re-establishment of
good order. They may be assured their services will
be well received, and the most efficacious protection
will be afforded them, whatever their situation, whether
in the army, the church, or the State."
(If Marshal Soult means by these pure citizens any
partizans of the French Government, they are a
dreadful disgrace to their country, to say no more.)
" Reflect, Portuguese, on your situation."
(It is the best in the world for defending ourselves
'against our enemies.)
" And consider well these generous offers, while it
is time. But let your submission be prompt and sin-
cere, if you with to avoid the evils from which I would
save you."
(And so it is only for our good that you came from
Poland to our distant country ! What exalted cha-
rity—You are a new St. Francis. But the ridiculous
• custom which began at the revolution still continues,
by which the modern French profess and write the
I direct contrary to what they practise.)
I " And your country shall be made to shine with a
; new splendour."
(No doubt by pausing Beira, Alta and Algarve to
I produce some new Cameons : less brilliancy will suit
Its better.) (Signed)
" THE MARSHAL DUKE OF DALMATIA,
66 &CARD, General in Chief of the Staff."

FROMTHE DUTCH PAPERS.

TROM THE ROYAL COURANT Or Tilt 4Til INSTANT.

" Louis Napoleon, by the grace of Gon, and i!.,
Constitution of the kingdom, King of Holland a•
Constable of France, taking into consideration tit,-
the term prescribed by our Decree of the 27th of N
vember, 1808, No. 5, expires on the 31st inst. 'l ;t;,
ing further into consideration that it is necessary,
die present period, to take further measures, tithe:
for the renewal of the aforesaid Decree, the pre-::
ous Decrees, respecting the means of t,,rrying•
execution the prohibition of all commerce with t!:.
enemy, or of replacing them, in whole or part, b,•
other measures calculated to place all matters relativ.,
to navigation on a footing of complete uniformit;
with the Decree of France and of our Brother ti.,.
Emperor ; and notwithstanding the difficulties aricin
from the maritime war ; and those which comm
suffers for its own interest, being continually anxku-
to contribute to drat important object, we hale e
creed and hereby decree—

ART. 1. All commerce, correspondence, and cotnrnunirP....z.
with England, remains prohibited according to the purport Of
previous Laws, Decrees, and Regulations, and particularly
of them as expired on the 31st inst..° far as no alteration is the:..
in made by the present decree.
Aar. 2 and S. From the first day of the succeeding month
April, the following articles may be exported to and import-3
from friendly or neutral countries in Dutch vessels, or those
sailing under the flag of Neutral or Allied Powers.
ART. 4. The commodities prepared for exportation shall not be
put on board until previous notice has been given thereof to the
Marine Director of the Ways and Means, with a particular spe-
cification of such articles, which cannot be exported but from the
ports of Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Dordrecht, Groningen, Embden,
Harlingen, Veere, Zierikzee, Delfzil, and Brouwershaven.
ART. 5. In order to the ad nission of any vessels into the bar.
hours of this kingdom, they must enter in ballast, or laden wish
the products of the North, specified in the 3d Article, with the
exception alone of sack vessels as are laden with salt, or those
which in the years 1606 or 1807 obtained our licence to proceed
to China for a cargo of tea, upon shewing our said authority.
ART. 6. No other goods than those mentioned in the 4th Article
shall be suffered to be imported under any pretence whatever;
all prohibited goods of whatever description, and in whatever
quantity imported, and also the vessels on board which they may
be found, being hereby declared liable to confiscation.
ART. 7. In case of suspicions arising respecting the origin of the
cargo, from information received by the Officers of the Marine
Director, the same shall be provisionally sequestrated until proof
be given that it has not come from England or her colonies.
ART. 8. Our Consuls in giving certificates of origin for goods
shipped at their ports of residence for Dutch Ports, shall not con-
fine themselves to certifying that the goods neither come from
England nor her colonies, nor belong to English commerce, but
tney shall further specify the place from whence the goods origi-
nally came, the documents produced to them in proof of the re-
spective declarations, and the names of the vessels in which they
were conveyed from the place of. origin to the port where the
Consuls reside. They are required to transmit a copy of the said
declarations to our Marine Directors.
[The other Articles relate to the details of the manner in which
the above Articles are to be carried into execution by a Marne
Director and three Naval Commanders of the Coast Districts.'—
The Decree is dated Utrecht, St st March.
The office of a Marir.e 4-4inrctor of Ways and
Means being newly created and. assigned to a Mem-
ber of the Council of State, as the labours of the Mi-
nister of Finance are too numerous, and of too great
importance to admit of his exclusively devoting his
attention to this department.

' E i VENINU s'l'A 11.

LONDON.

MONDAY, APRIL 10.

PRICE OF STOCK; THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK :
Ccnsoh, for money, 681—for April 68f—Omnium 1 pre.,
Exchequer Bills, 11 s. M. prem.
PRICE OF S POCKS ON SATURDAY.
Bank Stock 243 Long Ann. 18i 5-16
3 per Cent. Red. 671 i India Bonds, 13s. 16$. preen
7 per Cent. Cons. 67{ 78 Excheq. Bills, 125. 165 pre.
4 per Cent. 82H. Bank Stock for acc. 848 i
5 per Cent. Navy 98fli Consols for acc. 671 68
