LO N DON.

•
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1816.
PRICE OF STOOLS THIS DAY AT TV/SINS O'CLOCK
Reduced shut—Cone/ mo. foe see. Silie
4 per Cent. shut-5 per Cent. Harrgiglis.,
India Sends Ts. S. pri.—Esthetitsst 516 "

We have received the Paris- Papers or Satdrday.
I'he Mositert contains a long admonition to the ,
.Electors to return good men, and tree to the Charm-,
bee of Deputies. Something similar appean in win
of the other Journals. Theteare trials still going en
in various parts of France against pettifogging dis-,
turbers of the public peace, who still repeat " Ave
Emperesr," and " nee Ili Ritatbitese' but really
without any meaning.

comma EXTRAORDINARY bit SATURDAY 'OWING.
We learn from Conxmerey Oat the Mense has over-
flown its Banks : this is the fifth time within & few
weeks, and the eighth sime since winter.
Letters from Avallon motion, that on Wednesday,
in the night, after a storm which took pled, there
fell two inches of snow.

The village of Kervignae, in the Morbihan, has
suffered from a fire, 'Which consumed fourteen houses, '
and redizced a great number of families to misery...—
The Authorities ate enquiring iota the cause of this
misfortase:
, • • PARIS, SEPTEMBER 14.
Private letters state, that the boats of the Meuse
French 'frigate, which was . shipwrecked in sight of
Cape Blanco, had arrived safely at Gorge, where
every attention was paid the unfortunate crews by
the English Governer Of Beneial, who only waited for
instructions from home to give them up the colony.
• -•PAADstro, SEPTEMBER 3.
The Official Casette publishes long dispatches sent
by the Viceroy of Peru, which announce partial suc-
cesses gained by Lieutenant-General Peruela in:Upper
Peru, against the Insurgents of those Provinces.
These details only come down to the 15th of Fe-
bruary last. The war continues with dreadful fero-
city, and these unfortunate countries are entirely
given up to a devastation without bounds. In an
affair which took place at Chita, two French Officers
named Berries and Tafort, were made prisoners, and
immediately shot by order of the Leffler of the
Rayal troops.
Every day new corps of Partisans start, up, who
assume pompous titles, and who contribute to aug-
ment the confusion by forming separate beads. The
Royalists are in general victorious, but they cannot
cover or guard all the positions, and the insurrection
i begins again the uistant they disappear.

The chastisement inflicted on the Algetines will
not be soon forgotten by that nest of pirates; nor is
it possible to. overrate the gallant services of the

veteran Admiral and his brave associates in the

daring conflict, or the promptitude witlywhich our
Ministers furnished the means for vindicating the
honour and dignity of the nation and the rights of
humanity. The Barbarians have at different times
provoked the indignation of European Powers and
brought heavy inflictions on themselves. CHARLES V.
fitted out a large armament against them in 1541,
besieged Algiers, and killed many of the people;
but he was forced to desist by tempests, and his fleet
suffered greatly from disease. Louis XIV. attacked
them in 1632, when bomb-vessels were employed for
the first time. He destroyed part of the town, and
forced them to conclude a treaty, which they observed
,so ill, that he found himself obliged to attack them
agaiu next year, and again in six years afterwards.
Oa both of these occasions Algiers suffered greatly,
some ships were burnt, and the Das was compelled
to give up all his Christian slaves, and pay a large
sum of money to the victors t but it does not appear
that the Algeria. Government ever solemnly re.
nounced the practice of Christian slavery until it was
compelled so to do by Lord EXMOUTH. It is hardly
to be expected that a renunciation thus extorted will
be very religiously observed ; but as we hive shewn
what as be done by resolution and bravery, and as
we have displayed these qualities wholly for the be.
nefit of other nations (for the Algerines never ven-
tured to attack an English vessel), so it may be hoped
that chair future piracies may be restrained by those
who are more nearly interested in the event.
For what purpose had the Algeria's a Navy ? and
how has it been obtained, recruited, and maintained ?
They needed no navy for their defeace, for they have
Darer been assailed by the Europeans but in 'revenge
for injuries: the jealousies of the European Powers
having hitherto prevented any of them from occupy.
ing the southern 'Bores of the Mediterranean, with
the exception of Ceata. They seldom gave than-
selves the trouble to build ships of Wars the Euro-
pun Powers rmdly sending them yearly presents,
I not only of powder and other ammunition, bat now
and then a frigate, famished with guns and stores,
to enable them to put to sea In quest of plunder lad
Christian slaves! Nor has the payment of this dis.
graceful and tidal tribute (we say sinful, because
given not to furnish them with the means of defense
bet of crime) been confined to the weaker Powers :
England has been; degraded by it—England, the
mistress of the ocean, the defender of the rights of
the drained world, has been disgraced by it. This
must be prohibited by the public law of Europe. la
Jut it 1Z a put of the public law respttliri pirates:

hougl it has bees shamefully ovule& 'tile moms
$r doing mischief should Sc withheld from such sa
/ages nAy more, as the tatslrerJrs of a people who
lave comtnitted notorious offs of treacherous violence,
we ought to demand the retire destruction of their
messes and prohibit their having any ships of War.
—Such a stipulation. which would be Unjust towards
a nation which had never used its fleets but for di-
fence, or in kgitintate Warfare, it h jestiflable in re-
;pact of a net purely rAiratitsl. Algiers needs no
navy to protect its commerce, add *bile it really lb-
',tains from piracy. it can have no ittatk to fear from
European enemies. It is only by thus prosbribing
these piratical fleets that we can prevent the Barber•
runs from undertaking wars on frivolous pretencel,
and for the sake of plunder, which will love but little
of their horror in the eyes of the defenceles% Italians,
by the nominal abolition of slavery. It is thus only
that we, can perpetuate the glory of our victory. It
is thus we may reconcile the world to the maritime
rights which we claim and exercise for our own sects
rity, and gibe strength to these privileges, *bids
have too often been viewed with jealousy. To sweep
the sea of robbers is the natural service by which me
bold 'the ocean as a fief from Con. Piracy, though
ace exercised on ourselves, cannot exist but to our
reproach f and, as character is power, it can not long
exist but to our injury.
If we fail in enforcing any system warranted by
circumstances, we become in some measure answer.
able for any enormities which these pirates may
hereafter commit : nor is it a slight consideration,
that by any neglect in improving the present moment
we may be obliged in a few years again to waste our
treasure and our blood in seeking redress. In the
amplitude of our present victory, let us not under-

value its cost; for it is one of the dearest bought
victories that has been obtained for many years. '

In the action of the Ist of June, there were 26 sail
of the line (including the AUDACIOUS) In action, with
about 17,000 men : of these, 281 were killed, and
797 wcunded.—Total, 1,078.

In Lord Butnroar's action, 29d June, 1795. there
were 14 sail, with about 10,000 men : of whom only
31 were killed,ind 113 wounded.—Total, 144.
In the action off Cape St. Vincent's, there were 15
sail of the line, with about 10,000 men; of whom
there were killed 73, and wounded 227.—T0ta1, 300.
In Lord DUNCAN'S action, 11th October, 1797,
there were 16 sail of the line (including two fifties)
engaged, with about 8000 melt; of whom 191 were
killed, and SGU wouoded.—Total, 751.
In the battle of the Nile, Ist August, 1798," there
were 14 sail of the line engaged, with about 8,000
men; of whom 218 were killed, and 677 won:Wed.....
Total 895. _ _

In Lord Islettrox'sattack on Copenhagen, 2d April;
1801, there were eleven sail of the line and five fri-
gates engaged, with about 7,000 men ; of whom
were killed, and 641 wounded.—Total
In the battle of Trafalgar, 21st October, 1805,
there were 27 sail of the line engaged, with about
17,000 men ; of wllbm 442 were killed; and 1,112
wounded.—Total, 1,524.
In the attack on Algiers there appear to have been
five sail of the line and five frigates engaged, the
crews of which may be computed at about 5.000
men ; of whom 128 were killed, and 690 wounded.
Total, 818. If the Dutch frigates were added, they
may be taken at about 1,500, of whom 13 were
killed, and 32 wounded ; so that the totals would be,
of 6500 men, 141 killed, and 722 wounded.—
Total, 863.

Our Readers will see that the proportion, therefore,
of the killed and wounded ia this action, exceeds the
proportion in any of our former victories. The ac-
counts which we have quoted of the former losses we
presume to be correct, as we have taken them from
a publication made iu 1806. by, we believe, the Pa-
triotic Fund, called "The British Flag Triumphant."'
No fresh details have been received direct from our
own Fleets but in the Paris Papers of Saturday (re-
ceived this morning) we meet with a statement which
shews how little reason we have to expect any thing
like gratitude from some people for the public
services we have rendered to Europe. " Certainly,"
says the French writer, "we expected a snore decided
result from this Celebrated expedition I" Indeed
Pray tell us in your next what you did expect. We
subjoin- the statement alluded to: We think it very
possible that the On may be asissia:

We are assured that Lord Exmouth, although he
has treated with the I)ey of Algiers, has been very
indulgent towards the Pirates. It is reported this
sauteing that the Dey has disappeared, without any
person knowing whether he has perished or has retir.
ed to the laterior of the country. The Algeria;
people still manifest the most.hoirile feelings. It is
to be feared tharthesiving op of the Slaves will be
attended with very great difficulties, if the English
Admiral has not taken all possible securities. The
Bight of the Deb or the report of his death, may be
only a• trick, it is true. Certainly we expected a more
decisive teak from this celebrated Expedition. In
short, we wart with impatience for more ample details.

We regret to state that Colonel KIATiIiA has re.
turned materially impaired in constitution, from his
long and active services in India. Independently Of
his distinguished military exploits,- he has: secured a
lasting fame in the gratitude of his enlightened and
humane countrymen, for his unwwwiedstruggle to
defeat and expose a powerful cons' irawqmonf Blare.
.1 . .. .
dealers at the Isles of Mauritius add Bo .
.
