COUNCIL CIIAMISBR WHITEHALL.

Pursuant to adjournment the Lords of the Council
assembled yesterday at Whitehall, to hear further evi-
dence relative to the compulsory manumission of slaves.

The Lords present were Lotd BEXLEY, the Right
EOM STURGES &wag; GOMM, TIENNIT, Sir JANES
MACRINTO,M, HUOR ELLIOTT, J. ABIRCILOSIGIS,
and WI LInT-HORTOII. The ATTORNeY GENERAL
was in attendance on their Lordships, as were also Mr.
Bunn and Mr. Gmarru.s, the Clerks of the Council.
Immediately on their Lordships sitting, Mr. WILMOT
Roams intimated that h,.kad endeavoured to obtain
witnesses s give evidence in support of the order in
Conned, to chew the facility of their being brought into
operation, but he had been unsuccessful. Strangers
wore then ordered to retire. and the Lords of Council
bowing remained some time in deliberation, were again
admitted, when

Lend BEII4II' (as the senior Lord) said, that they
had taken into consideration the prayer of a petition
presented that inclining to them by the agent of Ber-
lice (M. Fillers) that he might be heard before their
Lordships by Counsel,, and be at libetty to offer evi-
dence to rebut that produced on the part of the peti-
tioners. His Lordship said the Council had determined
that he should be heard, and that the inquiry now going
on should be extended, so that 4be whole question of
coropulsory emancipation, and pecuniary compensation
*aid be fully eensi.lezed, in order that the evidence
m the whole subject, which was one of so much ins-
Pounce, should be laid before the public. For that
Putpose they would bear Counsel on both sides, and
allow the petitioner time to procure his witnesses.
Major Moony, one of the African Commissioners
lrely sent nut by Government to inquire into the state
ofi slavery in the Colonies, was then examined by Mr.'
ninaar- His testimony was confirmatory of the evi-
dence of the witnesses formerly examined, as to the
great difficulty, under the present circumstances, in
Brrlin and Demerara, to carry the Orders of Council
into effect, by a lompulsory manumission of slaves, and,
L I the same time, deal equitably with the proprietors.
"e 'wail, that the :lumber of slaves was decreasing
very fast in Denterata, that the negreat would not
work, even for themselves, except on cittlipulsion, and
that until the population of the island became dense
enough, it would be useless to give them land at a rent,
they would prefer leading a wild idle life.
This Gentleman's examination occupied the Council
until its rising, a little after two o'clock, when the evi-
dence for the petitioners terminated.
Some conversation arose between their Lordihips on
the subject of printing the evidence as far as it had
hitherto proceeded, in order that the Counsel on both
sides might be enabled to prepare for the more enlarged
enquiry.
The Council then adjourned till next wear, find in
the mean time the evidence is to be submitted to his
MAJILVM •

THEATRES.
DRURY-LANE
The Manager of this Theatre, last night,.prcsented
the town with the rarity of a new Comedy, in five acts.
The this of the piece is Forget and Forgive; or, Reif.
contres in Paris, and it is the declared production of
Mr. KENNY.
The plot is complicated and obscure. Its chief features, so far
as we could comprehend them, were these r—Charles Sydney (Mr.
Waturce) and his sister Louisa (Mrs. W. Was?) have been be-
queathed .by their deceased father, the former £2o,t 00, and the
latter £lO,OOO, which they are to isherit, on condition that they
marry with the consent of their_guardian, Sir Gregory Ogle( Mr. W.
Romer). In Abe event of disobedience to this arrangement OR
the part of mu, and of obedience on the pan of the other,
the two bequests ate to goto the individual who has adhered to
the provisions of the will: As is usually the case, both' the Lady
and the Gentleman select partners who are not approved of by their
guardian. Louisa thoughtlessly weds rC young fellow, who is ins.
mediately afterwards imprisoned for debt, and, in a state of dis-
traction, applies to her brother for advice and assistance. He had
already fixed his affections on Georgians (Miss E. Tars), the daugh-
ter of Cameron (Mr. Comma), an obscure artist although pressed
by his guardian to accept the hand of Lady Ratcliffe iMrs. Da-.
nom), a woman of rank and fortune. He hoped that his sis-
ter would obey-the commands of Sir Gregory, being confident
that, should his disodience throw the two legacies into her
hands, alst would, without hesitation, restore to him a con-
siderable portion of the bequest. His plans are, however, de.
feated by her precipitate conduct, and having vainly appealed tot's'
mercy of Sir Gregory, he determines to save his aster from ruin,
by abandoning Georgians, and espousing Lady Ratcliffe. This
step, he knows, wiU make him master of bis sister's intended foe-
tune, which be means to devote to her use. • Out of these circum-
stances arise the serious Incidents of the piece—the distraction of
Georgians, who is passionately fond of Sydney, thr poignant regret
of Lady Ratcliffe, who learns with astonishment that she has a rival,
and the strugglesbetween fraternal afection,and a feeling of a stronger
and a warmer character,by which the heart of the young lover is torn.
AU difficulties are, however, removed, by a very eatery sort of
agent. personated by Mr. Lulus. The name given to this Gentleman
is Rumbold. We find him in almost every scene of the play, and
wonder "how the devil be got there." He has been a groom, and
subsequently a waiter at Garraway's coffewhouee ; but having, by
great goad fortune, a very large legacy left to hiM, be makes
his way to Paris, and, notwithstanding his gross vulgarity, figures
in respectable company. He knows the history of the Ogle family
perfectly well; and resolves, by the influence which that know-
ledge gives him, to secure the union of Sydney and Georgians, as
wen as Sir Gregory's forgiveness of Louisa. He annoys Lady Ogle
(Mrs. C. Jonas) ht very coarse allusions to her mean origin; and
be disturbs the equanimity of Sir Gregory by dark allusions to
certain intrigues is which the Baronet vies engaged. He finally, in
company with Lady Ogle, detects Sir Gregory in an attempt to
seduce Georgiana, who cures out to be Sir Gregory's niece. This
discovery produces general harmony. The past is forgotten and
forgives. Sydney is nude happy with Georgians, Lady Ratcliffe
is coincident's the homage of Sir Edward Mowbray (Mr. Hamra),
one of her old' admirers, and Louisa is pat in possessiorr of her
fortune.

Besides the characters we have enumerated, the
scene is crowded with several others, that do not, in any
measure, tend to produce the &immanent. There is
Baron Ledonx (Mr. J. RussaLL), a French swindler,
together with. the two daughters of Lady Ogle, by a
former husband. The one, Palmyra (Miss A. Tan),
an affected blue stocking ; the other, Kitty, an impudent
'romp. The comic. portion of the piece rested in a great
degree on the cxertions' of Mr. LISTON, as Rurnbold.
The character is rather oulre. and the manner of the
actor suited it admirably. Kumbold's humour, as might
be expected from his early avocations, is of the broadest
kied,,and his jokes were git en with most appropriate
looks and gestures by Mr. Ltsros. The scene in which,
disguised as a lay figure, he witnesses the amorous
propensities of Sir Gregory was exceedingly diverting.
The vulgarity of Lady Ogle was, in the hands of. Mrs.
C. JONAS, rendered conspicuously amusing. The se—
rious characters were extremely well represented. Miss
E. Tires, as Georgian, played excellently. The scene
ire which .she supplicates Lady Ratcliffe was in an'
eminent degree pathetic. Mr. Coorsn's Cameron dig-
grayed that performer', usual good sense and correct
reeling. Mrs. DAVISON sus ained the part of Lady
Ratcliffe in a pleasing and graceful manner. The
two light French parts, the Baron Ledour and Jean-
nette, were supported with much ability by Mr. J.
Russian and Mn.S OBOES. The performance of the
latter, who personated an affect,. nate soubrette, was
uncommonly spirited. The comedy was well received.

COVENT-G A ROHN.
The First Part of Henry the Fourth, and The 1001.
Note% were the performarces last sight, and the Theatre
was well attended. The leading characters were cast
as during last season, Mr. YOUNG being Hotspur, Mr. C.
Karancs Falstaff, and Mr.Vaane the Prince of Wales.
The other characters were respectably sustained; and
the variety and splendcur of the costume did the highest
credit to the Theatre. The Manager at once gratifies
the public, and enhances his own reputation, by bestow.
ing on such a play embellishments which are worthy
of it. In the Farce, Messrs. KEILZY, BLANCHARD,
WRENCH, BARTLEY, and POWER, played with uadimi•
niched effect ; and. Madame VESTED; was honoured with
more than one encore. She was in good voice, and
played with spirit.

THEATRICAL EMIGRATION.—The Montezumambich
arrived at Philadelphia on the 19th ult. from Liverpool,
had the following passengers;—Mr. S. Chapman, of
Covent-Garden Theatre; Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mercer,
and Miss Hawthorn, of Drury-lane Theatre; Mr. Willis
and Mr. Norton, of the King's Theatre; Mr. and Miss
Kenn, of the Adel phi ; and several provincial performers.
Counsellor O'Datscot., of Cork, has sailed from Li.
verpool for Dominica, to the Cbief Juattembip of wbkb Island be
has been appointed—LissienotCeronicle.
_ ,

Sr. JAM- gel Pnak.—lte planting of the trees and
shrubs intended to adorn St. James's Park commenced
yesterday morning, no the north side of the Canal, the'

mounds Of earth raised for thil purco,e having been'
sa3oothed and rendered Is for planting. A number
of men are employed at this occupation, and about
2,000 trees and shrubs have been already plantedi
consisting of almost every description, which are
brought from the gardens at Kew. The mould cm..
vatted by the enlargement of the Canal, of which the
raised mounds consist, is of a very rich nature, and there
is no doubt but the shrubberies will thrive in the Ina
luxuriant manner. The workmen have also commenVid
on the south side, to get the ground ready for planting
by the time the north side is finished. The whore of
the planting is expected 19 be completed in a month.
The iron paling, down to the centre of the Birdcage
Walk, is nearly finished, and the new road cutting from
Storey's Gate to his Majesty's Palace, wan completed
yesterday, and the whole is now gravelled.
THE Sr. KATHERINE Docxs.--The workmen, who
have within the last two days struck in consequence of
the contemplated reduction of 2s. a week each in their
wages, and ao allowance of only half an hour for their
dinr.er time, returned yesterday morning to their work.
In this they have beep influenced by the circumstance
of their having families solely dependent on their la-
bours for support, and an apprehension that, in the pre.
sent stagnation of the building trade, others would be
found to take their place.
The tide on Tuesday night was the highest far a se-
ries of years; it was one foot higher than the night when
the water broke into the St. Katherine Docks ; all the
cellars and wharfs along the Thames were overflowed.
In the Official Return from the Excise Office, of the
amount of Hop Duty, which we yesterday published,
the sum of 104.8481. as the dialount of old duty, should
have been 140,8481.
