Yesterday the Duke of Y.RK entertained a distin-
gu,6hed pattyof the Nobility and ientry, at his town house, which
is now advantageously tbrovra open to view front tit. James's • :mil
the Green Parks.

Count kw/EN entertained Viscount GRANVILLE, the
Prussian Minister, and a large party,of distiaguished personages
diunts on Wednesday, at Ashburnham House, Ilay-hill.
The Duke of So:miser gave a grand dinner pester-
day. at Somerset House, Park-Lme.
Lady CAmraixt,t. gave a Quadrille Ball last night; in
Baler-street.
' The Spanish General Qurnoca, since he has been in
this country, has met with the most marked attention
in the circles of rank and fashion. He dined the other
day with his Royal Big:mess the Duke of 3ussirc and
a numerous party, the General is about 35 years of age,
and of very pleasant unassuming manners;
Yesterday morning W. WINGFIELD, Esq. was intro-
duced to the office of a Master in Chancery, by the Loan CliA)I-
CLLLOR. The Learned Gentleman appeared with his Lordship on
the ISench at the sitting of the Court; and as soon as his Lordship
'placed his at-What upon his head, he bowed and retired.
nic real circumstances of the late murder at East Grin-
-stead, notwithstanding the evidence which led to the ver-
dict of the Coroner's Jury, seem to be still involved in con.
siderable mystery. independent of a sort of confession
extorted from the girt, of having dropped the child
into the water by accident, there did not appear the
least shadow of evidence against her. She bore an et-
cellent character, was particularly fond of the child,
and the child of her; and her deportment towards all
the children of the family was marked by kindness.
She is only fifteen• years old, and not particularly
ligent or otherwise, and seemed on particularly good
terms with her master and mistress, who. are shop.
keepers at Forect-row. . A strong impression prevail,
among the people of the neighbourhood, that she is
either wholly innocent, or else connected with some ,
'other malevolent persons in this affair. .4 Astile girl is
poor," says our Correspondent, " and her Manly per-.
reedy pennyless, and as she is without the necessary
'means of defence, we could wish that some humane
practitioner of the law would offer himself as her ex-
amining Counsel at the approaching Assizes, as it is
evident that the subject requires a much more able in-
vestigation and scrutiny-than has been madeat present.
We have been informed that the Coroner exerted him-
self in the most laudable manner, to obtain all the evi-
dence then in his power to collect ; 'and that he was
deeply affected during the discharge of his painful
duty. But there are many circumstances capable of
being elicited by Counsel, that nay escape the ken of
the most able Inquest, and which may transpite after
the verdict be given. And where the life or death of
any person is concerned (innocent of course till guilt
be proved), no exertions &Vibe ill bestowed which snot
likely to aid the cause of justice, aud further the. ob.
jects of law."

,

LANGAN'S MORIPIT,...naaIt was a 41171a44 Spirting yesterday
ladlic Fives' Court, for the Ilene& of 2who szighitvd ifs
skill in a set-to with Tem Belchei, and his oratorical powers In a
speech to the company present, in whtch he declared his readiness
to fien. ant man Who aspired to the Chaaapionship.

~-. ~-~ -

--.~--..~..-~-r,...~-

-11111rur-

r-Plw7.le

. •

WEST INDIAN QUESTION.
NEGRO EMANCIPATION.
We have been always the adversaries of the §"lave
Trade, and have ever expressed onr detestation of that
traffic in living flesh and carcase in as strong terms as
the imbecility of written language will admit of, for
the expression of a hatred in spirit and principle to the
most atrocious of crimes. Bat the question of eman-
cipation is another and a very different question. It
es not one of theoretical and religious dognia like the
other ; it affects men's properties, interests, manners,
and virtues, we shall therefore now throw out a few
. •
thoughts on that practical subject.
In the first place then, we admit that there never
has been another such continued stain on humanity as
the long series of iniquities connected with the seizing in
Africa of myriglis of human-creatuies, with all the af-
fectiOns, instincts, partialities, kindnesses, and social
ympathies that belong to the common nature of man ;

—that our fal'en and sinful nature has in no time, boon-
try, people, place, or circumstance, appeared in forniand
-character so abominable as in the horrors of transporting
the victimsd those iniquities from their native land into.
West Indian slavery ;.—that our vocabulary is bankrupt,
and supplies but the terms of mere railing, when
we would express our contempt and abhorrence of
those .sinister minds, who represent the slave trader
%Ting in as with the excelletice—we say excellence,
to Grand the absutdity of the idea—coming in with the
excellence of a guarditin angel, to rescue the simple
and heroic ittbabitaties of Afiica from the ancient usages
of their reciprocal warfare—and also that the scenes of ;
the dive mat kets in the West Indies are to our feelings
and understandings too Monstrous to. be more than
alluded to. But the victims of the crimes which
'precede the sale, WHEN employed in agricultural in-
dustry—their suffetlogs softened by time—their ani-
mosities.soothed by the blessing of labour—that benig-
nant barrier whk.ll PeoviDeNee has instituted to pro-
tect social and domesticated man from savage ferocity
CJteir resigriation to their lot, their new habits
their new pleasures—in :4 word,' all the comforts and
enjoyments which their rude sensibilities are capable of
acquiring ; that is to s.tv, the rude sensibilities or the
individual or existing slaves; we freely acknowledge
that the subject presents another topic of
.consideratkm,4
and that, enemies as we ate to slavery, .disguised as it
may be, we feel that we have not to decide against a
crime, bat. to investigate the tendencitti of a particular
measure of policy.
In the nest place we wi!l also admit, that tile ecindi--•
Lion of the West Inditin slave is inferior to that of tlif
agricultural labour et in this country ; that the man who
hoes the sugar cane is ajnuch more degraded being
than the man who hoes turnip,.: ,we will not seteple
to grant•that it is much mote ignominous, supposing
the feelings of the tiro to be similar ;_ for the hoer of
sugar canes to be indebted in sickness and infir-
mity to the stspetintetadanco of a master, who is in-
, teresaed fOr .his own undid sake to cherish him. into
health, lren for the hoer of turnips to bear in-like cit.'
cuMstafices the contumely of that
-proud man's scarn,a
parish beadle, We state the matter thus brbadlj,
coarsely if you please, that we may be understood as
to what extent see wish to claim credit. In a word, the

West Indian slave, in his present condition, we Consider
as a labourer, im whose health another able to assiit him
is interested ; the English-labourer, as one in whore wel-
fare there is none besidis his own poor kindred interested.
This little difference, animal and vile as it may be called,
makes a prodigious difference' in the estimates of the
great mass of mankind. How many thonsands.of those
arrogantspirits who have borne the renown of England
to such a height of glory, have, abating the excitement
of the temporary occasion, when their courage was
roused, encountered all the perils and hardships of mi-
litary and naval life, for no greater enjoyment than the
paltry provision of the beggar-houses of Chelsea and
Greenii ich. We consider this question, not as one of
your
.dauiling, maudling, whining, lackadaisical opi-
nions, but a thorough tear and wear business ; and there-
fore, so far as respects our view of the subject, that is,
the slave considered as a tiller of the ground; we think
that if be is protected, provided for, and in all things
regarded as a servant, though he be a bondman, that
humanity, as to his case, muss we fear, as. things go in
this world, be content.
But we are, not content that there should be such a'
thing, as, slavery at all ; and this brings us to the ques-
tion of emancipation, ami, that we may take the bull
by the horns at once, we shall here lay down a position,
which we shall defend, if it be attacked hereafter.

Mau is of the earth, and lives by the earth. He
belongs to the soil, and it is contrary to the laws crf
name to detach him from the source and support
of his existence. This laid down as a principle, we say
the qpiestion of emancipation does nct properly turn on
breaking the chain which binds the slave to the master,
but in breaking the chain which holds the interest of the
master to the soil. The property of a West Indian
proprietor, we therefore freely acknowledge, is in the
slaves 1.11 kis estate, and in their creation of the produce
of the SOIL BUT IHE SOIL Is THE SLAVE'S, and upon
this grOund we think the question should turn. Declare
the slave to belong to the soil—,to the estates where he
is located. Is the law of nature and nations to be over-
looked in this. question ? Do not all States and Legis.
'latures recognise men born in particular places as be-
longing to those places ? Can it make any difference in
jurisprudence whether a man is born in what is calhd
a kingdom or a plantation?—The great error in the
Emancipation question lies in this having been lost
sight of, and in the adoption of neW theoretical doc
trines; relative to the rights of man, which never have

+,

. ---*

had, and never can have, al existence, in
.the, natnr.::
order and course of things.
When the slave is declared to belong to the estate,
the first regular and natura,l step will be taken towards
his freedom. He will then be planted, and, accordin,,,
as he thrives, he will glow and flourish and come to
fruit. In the Emancipation question, we therefore do-
chre oar:dives for what we would call the Location of
the Slaies. We Would prevent hereafter the sale of anv
slave; we would. raise him, as a first step towards citi.
zenship, to the rank of a serf, and his posterity, ue
donbt not, if they proved themselves worthy, would
by and with themselves gradually toot k out their ;nil-
vidtral emancipation.

-

OLD BAILEY SESSIONS', FEB-19.
- .
James, Joseph, and William Thompson (brothers).
were charged with stealing, in the house of T. P. Mac.
queen, Esq. M.P. a dirk, a pearl necklace, and other
jewellery, valued at 1,0001.
The prisoners' ornamental painters, were employee:
to decorate Mr. Moccoseen's house; when the property
was.nsiseed, as repeatedly stated in the Police accounts.
—The following facts were detailed in evidence:—
David Davies, ofJermyn-street, deposed, that he pur-
chased the dirk from either Joseph orJames Thompson,
he could not tell which. They were both together when
he bought it. One of them bought a seal skin cap at
his shop a few days before, and he asked witness if he
dealt in '5B fanciful" ankles, and he said be did. He
them said he had a dirk; which he had bought in Scot-
land, and which he now wished to dispese.of. It war
brought another day, and witness gave 30s. for it, and
sold it next day for 21.
• Mr. Macqueen was called and. proved the dirk to be
'his property, and said he paid 391. some time aen for
the c-airngorumi, and other ornaments.
William Hawkins, a shoemaker, swore that Joseph
Thompson, the day after Christross-day, gave him a
coat which he pawned, and James was present. They
divided the money between them ; the coat produced
was the same coat; recollects seeing the carved tor-
toise-shell snuff-box now produced in the possession of
Joseph Thompson. -
Moses Solomon, of Vinegar-yard, knows Joseph, wl.rr
brought the snuff-box now produced, and the card case,
.to him for sale on the 4th of January. He left them tilt
sale on commission, and witnets sold the box, to Mr.lla
-
icy, in the Strand, for 21. 10s. and the card-case to M.
Fogg, in Regent-street. He said he brought them from
India. Witness received 11. for his commission.
Mr. Macqueen identified the snuff-box as his property.
Charles Carney is a dealer in gold and silver, jewel-,
&c. in King-street, Soho..—l bought a pearl necklace,
with diamond clasps, from James Thompson. The
diamonds Igave 3i. per carat for. One was a very
large diamond. This was on the 26th of Decen.ber.—
He asked 2s. each for the pearls, andf gave him that
'Rice. I don't know what they were worth ; for I never
bibtsght any so large before. I have given 4s. 66. each
;kW some not worth half so much as these. I think a lair
'trading price for these would be 16s. each.
• Mr.,Justice Bssr.—And you gave two shillings!
NVittess.—Yes, my Lord. I was not obliged to bur
-them at all., I cook out the diamonds and weig!te,t
them; they weighed three carats and some frictions. I
sold the small diamonds for 6/. a carat. -My wife took
the pearls to her mother's house,-in Westminster, be-
cause she said some harm would happen to us, if they
remained in oar house.
Cross-eistmined.-1! acknowledged, the moment the
officer came to my house, that I had bought the necklace.
Mr. ALLEY.—Aye; I dare say you think yourself a
very honest man, and I will take.your opinion for it.
Mr. Justice Bast.--I fancy there would be great dif-
ficulty in making anyone else beheye that—(A laugh).
Avis, the patrol, produced the various articles,- and
they were severally identified by Mr. Macqueests
The prisoners left Hair defence to thew Counsel. -
Mr—Justice Besr summed up the evidence, and the
:Jury found the three prisoners Guilty—Death, but *tr.- -
commended them to mercy.
THIS DAN'. .
Charles Johnson 4 aged 95, WAS put to the bar, on an'
indictment, charging him with wilfully killing and
slaying James ltichardsdn, in the parish of Enfield, in
theimottli of June, 1821. -
Mr. ANDREWS opened the case for the prosecution.
It will be in the recollection of our Readerc, that the
deceased, the prisoner, and five others, were in the em-
ploy of Mr. Parish, of Beech-hill. On the day in clues•
tion, they all dined together, and after drinking a pot
of porter, they returned to their work ;on the way a
quarrel ensued between the deceased and the prisoner,
as to which had cut the greatest quantity of swarth.
The deceased, with an oath said, that he would strike
the pi isoner, who said, 4 You may if you like," and
put down his scythe. In about a minute after he took
it up again, and cut the deceased in the thigh, who
fell and exclaimed, " Oh Lore), have mercy on me."
Ile was then,takest up and conveyed home, where he
died. The- above is a brief outline of the case, to prove
which the servants of Mr. Parish were called, some of
whom deposed that the deceased was a Most resolute
man ; that the prisoaer on being asked if he was not
ashamed of what he had done? answered, " No, I am
not. I will serve any man icti that strikes me."
The prisoner in his defence said, the deceased ran
after him, when he picked up the scythe, and kicked
him on the breech before he struck him.

Two. witnesses • described the prisoner as a mild
civil man.
Mr. Baron GRAHAM summed up the evidence to the
Jury, who then retired, and having remained nearly au
how- in deliberation they returned a verdict of Guilty
of Murder.
Mr. Baron GRAMMA proceeded to pass sentence on•
the prisoner, and ordered him for execution on Mon—
day twining.,

CORN EXCHANGE, MARK-LANE, FEB. 23.
The arrivals of this week are tolerably good. Wheat 5,400 qri.
Barley 5,700 qrs. Oats 11,600 qrs. Irish Oats 1,000 qrs. flour
6,600 Sacks. The Wheat trade has been lively to-day, and fine•
descriptions have rather exceeded Monday's quotations. Barley also.
sells well on full as good terms as in the beginning of the week.
Beans and Peas are uaaltered. Oats find buyers at much the same
rates as last quoted. No alteration in Flour.
SMITHFIELD MARKET, FEBRUARY 90.
The supply at market this morning was not so good as oo for-
mer Frideys. Mutton was dear, and short hi numbers, in toad—
. queuce of which high prices were demanded for all deoniptioos
of cattle.—lk:ef, per stone of Bibs. Ss: 4d. to 45.4 d. Slottoti 54. OIL
to 43. Sd. Veal 9s: Ad. to 6s. Od. Pork 4s. 2d. to So'

LONDON; rrinttcl and publigted by Lavii. Kam Pk ur
' Maui, Tomtit-44i • • •
•

I

P...'

• ,
r ism
I
1. 41 Jr.
q. y.

.~

.-J!'

$
;11'43e
TH
Mimed
14"
