ROYAL INSTITUTION OF GRZAT BRITAIN.

THE MANAGERS give notice. That the Lee.
turn fur the cabins Seaton, will aornetenee ensTburfday
the sad of December. with Coeds no Mechaotes Phyla,
by Mr. Deltas...4o the letter cad of 'misery, the other La:bros,
and the Public asperimests of the Royal (mattocks will been ;
thofo on Chemiary by Mr. Davy, and thole on Natural PhiloGe-
phy by Mr. Ahem The Public Experiments will be nude, partly
in the Lettere Roos, and portly in the sew Laboratory, which
has been fitttA up so es to accoounodate rso paws. The ccw
Library of Refesoce is in a Rate of forwarding% end (his bepet)
will be (vaned to the coerce of nett month far the awanuno,a-
don of al the Proptiesore, Lifo4obfcribers, and Annual hub-
Ihribers. _ _

The pretest Terms of AdesWoo to the lnftitutioo an,
Foe an Hinditary Papaw ioj o o
Fora Life %blather 31 to o
For an Annual Subferlber - 3 3 0
For Ladle to the Leaves nod PAU Rawboesus,
for the Was
Far yousg Oestloomen. gala 16 pus of ass, to this
Loamy and Public Erprimato. for the Seafoo t r o
Ladies &Irmo of bola admitted to fuhfcribs, are atomised.
that Nooks an kept by the foliewing Ladies, to whom applies-
don may be nude.
Dyads of Dtvorssiar, Piccadilly.
Mushiest& of STAVIORD, Atilogtoo-ltreet.
Countds Saimaa, St. James's-place
Countefief litsaimoos, Carcntialquaro
%koala& Pwaataatr~sr, tissovoripors.
Lady Hirnstar, Lower Grefvenor Prem.
Hon. hln. Bras moron, Caiendifh-fousre.
1.141, CAVPIIIII.I, Wimpulc-flrect.
Mrs. D at the Fourdias.
Mr& SULLIVA m, Graltao-ftrect.
Mr& Ceewe, Lower Grattenor.Orert.
Gentlemen who wilt to fubteribe to the Inairution are repelled
to moan& their ewes to the Committee of Monaca, *tab fits
may Monday at twelve o'clotk.
P. AUSUOL. Seatoui.

KID4NET AND AVON CANAL NAVIGATION.
OTIOE is hereby gives, That at a General %tar-
tarty Meeting of the °omitting of Henngensmin d tbei.fik
Wised Bonner of the Company of Propionates( the KENNET
and AVON CANAL NAVIGATION, bald it the Hind to Syd-
. trey Gardens, in the City of Illeth. f tMay, tbpaxlitattay
of Bep-
umber, dog, at echo* Is the to Pubile
Advardfanham, die bid etonetitsot did lied a uB *ova the Ward
Propoittamof loco New Shores, aothorifed by an Ad of PariLn
meat sod paid in the ft year of the Reign of his pieta*
Msely, initukd, " An Ad for enabling the Company of Pro.
piston of the Kennet and Avon Canal Naolgation, to complete
the Woe, and for emeseflog On &mini Adis pagod (or making the
Paid 0111111." to be taken and fabforlbod for in Shares and Half.
Simms is the Navigation and U authorised to be made
and earned en by the hid Company of ors for the Sato of
vl. for and leo Piped of every foeb Whelk , and tl. so.. for
and la refpaet of away fedi Halt Sham, to be mochas and norsi-
Cary, in order to defray the mammas of, and to carry an theft's,.
And dW isszbe a eau foam the laid Irma fee the (aid
fern of foe and In Mired of eves" e damn. mid
106, for sad la refried slavery faelaHolf Sham io the Paid Navies-
den and Uodert..kiog far tilde perpofes arcordingh I an 4 did
appoint the Emir to be paid int. the band. of Willa Harforde.
Davis, and Cn l'flafun rs of the (aid Cane ay In ihiftol en or
inf.oc the t sib liay of December, slog.
DT Order of the LH Committee
JOHN WARD. Principal Oat.

FARMING.

AAYnung Marr refpeetable Friends,
who has been brought up its the Pawning and Grazing fine.
and who underßandv the breed and managtment of ftwk, the na-
ture. of Toils and manures, timber mature. rental scentrits. &C.
wadies for a Gtuation as Land Steward to any Nobleman or Gen-
tleman.— it line (under cover) addrcifed to Mr. Gubbina, Grocer,
No. 124. Jermya-ftreet, St. James's, will he Immediately attended
to.—N. B. Vert fatisfadory references cm be

ICHARDSON. GOODLUCK. =I Co. re•
flicaluily acquaint the Public, That the T.CKETS and
SHARES are on hale far the State Lottery, winch tato commence
drawing on the Ninth of nett Momh at their Liceitfed State
Lottery Offices, the Corner .4 Bank Buildings, Conan, and
facing the Gate of the King's Mews, glaring Cries.

N 0.4, CORNHILL.
And N 0.9, CHARING-CROSS, LONDON.
BISH retuins his /strut gi.sieful thanks to the
J- • Public fw the very diftingoithol preference they hate bola
pleated to give the above 081eal for &viral yetre, mad folleita I
continuance of their favour fvr the milting l.nttcry, which began
drawing, the 9th of JANU nit Y. 1804-
Tickets and Shares arc felling In great Variety, lithe above OM-
eel, where in the late September Lott ry, the *Mowing Capkal
Prieca were fold, Stared, and paid on demand :
No. 8 sit - a Prize of - Cso,coo
5,342 - - t,r.O•
I poo
_2,626 : sou.

An Bunnell Ia the Public Funds tranfsfted ern; fidelity sal
dirpatch, by T. BISH, Stock Broker, No. 4, Cornhill
crrersoas in the Country may be fupplied the fates If
prefeat, by (Mau up good Bins at thou dates, loft Office Orden,
Sauk Notes or Calk, poft paid, to No. 4, Consign.

STATE LOTTERY.
Begins Drawing 9th January, 1804
SCHEME.

Na of Prizes. Vase of each. Total value.
s et IC 20,000 !a IC 40 000
S 1 IC,COO 20,000
$ - 5,000 • 10400
i •
• 2,000
1 •
- 6,000
,000
6,oce
zo - 500 - 5,000
so - 200 • 4 000
50 .. Soo 3P03
100 . 30 - jpoo
6,325 s $0 • 126,500
- -
26,000 IC swot)

FuR-drawn Ticket Seventh Day, j maPtm
Ditto Left Day - - sitomr
Are part of the above Capltala
TICKETS and SHARES are felling at every
LICENSED LOTTERY OPTICS, and the Feigns paid on
demand. Pecker Peke
TWst - 17 6 o
Half Eln o I Eighth • 11
(natter - 4AO 6 Statecraft e 3 o

KEMPSTON, BEDFRODSHIR g.
TO Be SOLD ■T PIIYATS CONTI6CT,

AVALUABLE inclofed Faeauog.a ESlfairli.
at Eempilon, Area miles from the Town of Betioidi oast-
WWI of a good Dwelling-bade, with convenient s
barns. Rabin, yards, garden. ire three romps; eaciamattred aad
two saes of ram, and one htpdred end Shifty norm of NAN
lead—the whole Tytho-free LaadtTaattolkimoi Alto tie
Gnat Tidies of farty-lie ems of lodorodlope.
For mere partkOlars apply'to M, Germ. of Kemplon, the
owner and occupier ; or to Mr. Redden, Ake/fray Wohuilh
Ded-
fordfAirc. Letters of enquiry are dared to bepoß paid.
• •
ELIGIBLE SITUATION
TO Na OWOSSO OF AND ibtelliDlATl PO3l/11111011 •AS
(the WELL
Proprictir bolos engaged in a dliferent Coocere.)
A accultomed and extenGve Bufinets in
the LINEN-DRAPERY LINE, in the Weft of England.
the Rename Wog very emiderattic, and serried cm hr Reedy
Money. The Cameo tatty be hod (Misr by talk( • properties
of the Stock, which is la esediens teaditloo, the whole levity been
renewal within two years, or an cgolvaleot for the OoodewDl of
the Trade. The .}rdmt period for embarld-1 eo fuck, owl be
emsehAld, k ArW wire the low Rate of the Markets is taken
into maildamidos. Letters (poll paid) addrelisd to MolitsCiark
and Boyd. High Holbers, for tanker Particulars.

THE MANOR OF
_MARI:EB, NEAR EPPENOI, 11l THE

COON IT OP =SAX ;
Which will bc;fold by Avalon b Mna. DRIVERS, fame time in
January nest, (of which tad? waist will be given), ask s sar
acceptable elfcr Raid be previonfly made,
A VERY Compad and particularly Defirable
3.IFR EEHOLD ESTATE, confining of the Maar of Maria ;
with a McMinn Houk, Ofticss, Kitchen Garden, Lawn, Coach-
books, St blesoted two lanes adjoining, containing together about
243 A. 3 R. sy P. Glary rick Meadow cad Arable Lend. wee& dm
&sawn thramilmeo the North fide dike Market Town
of Epping and is capable of being made, at a liaU ezproceose of
the molt deftrakole (loots near London, and 11. for the tendency of a
gated Emily. as it is molt eligibly hated In the midi of the
ticket! Land. which prams the truly dlningulnied and well re- ,
awned Epping Butter.

LANOTHWArIit OREEN, In CUMBERLAND.
TO II SOLD IN pi/Imm s•La.
At the George Imo, in Coekermotoli, in the County at Clabber-
land, as Wedmfday the stb day of jamtary, taloa,
ALL that Capital Diellitage' Tenemcgt. Farm,
and Preenites, called and known by the same of LANG-
THWAITII OAKEN, to Jarsclutatbwaite, in the Pada of Loe-
we, in the fold Conan/ of Combo. land tceotelabg together by
~odors gg Acres or dormant*. t Gleam In a Sae
Country, abounding with o,ms, and within teem MOOD=
anima &foretold, and about the Ike Mance from Lerwick, and
is the adgbiorarboad of wawa Coal sad Lams, and sow la the
mespados of Juba Alike as Farmer thereof.
The Trendies ad)oto epos, and command ea ertatilve view of
Crunonnek Lake, which eatends MAU to the well•known Vale of
Buttermere. Afton from the Primates about two miles, and from
taw Mate may be foen the murk admired Waier•fall cadet Scale
Petty.

- Part ti the Prandes are Freehold. and the other part thereof of
doe cereals cult/mar, tenure, and held of * Wilfrid Lawfoll,
lartatt, as pored of Ids Manor of Lawstemear. lloeheinesite,
ad Beschestitereite. by payment of the yearly Rent at :7a ad
and a two peony line [MAU (ban twice the yearly rent ).—.Atid
anagetee a gaud Dwelling•houie, Got•alices and Buildings, at
Lenge.waine Great atoretaid, Ttirty-fits Acres ar thereabouts of
very taitabis and luarldslog Woad Land, and shoot Slaty Acres
et pea Ankk, Meadow sod Falters Grimmel, la a high Rate of
sokiveaket, sod well worth the attention of oar Gentleman in the
miglitioorhoo4 or any perfect defiroos of • Reildence ow tie
Liles la Oasoberland. -

Fat leder Panonists apply to Mr. Wiliam Perron, or LAW
dines Grecs afentaid, to • Owner I or Mr. I ate, Attorisl.
Cadintnettls—add John Mika, IM peke Tama, wio, tire
application, Sew ohs rag Line.
