t.

••• ' •
diniry means tok,o,tobtinif.b,Ordnforcentents+-to find'
himself still sodk, idsdarnt the had
,of the poll. Mr..
Brenigtiam 'bad Weitsmsited. to conyince them, on Sa
turdayt that .a Minority was a majority '• but until he
I could 'bring the'worthy Vader Sheriff 4o that belief;
'it was of little . importance.. Tropes might be fine
things, but they were nothing,to figures—(A
In Mr. Brougham's statement,,East Ward,• and Jet
Ward, and Kendal Ward, and Lonsdale Ward, dAnced
about in all die mazes of numerical-confusion. But let

his ark agonist -argue away as long as he liked, so long
as he (Lord Lowther) had their support, he would be
found at his post. He was amused by Mr. Brougham's
account of certain premises supposed to contain his
voters; but he (Lord Lo.vther) had been shown other
premises, not very far from them, in which, if he
pleased to play Paul Pry, he -was told he might
make discoveries. In fact, he thought that people
in glass houses ought not to throw stoner. If he
was informed rightly, these premises were snfficient,
not only for the voters of Mr. Brougham. but. for
some couple of hundred of visitors who came not
exactly to help to make Members to pass laws, but to I
break thosealready enacted—(A laugh.) He would how
give way t 3 the other Candidates; they might, perhaps,
hear some rhetorical flourishing, to prove again that a
minority was a majority, to which he had no objection
as long as the Learned Liientleman was at the bottom of
the 011—(Applouse.)
Colonel Lowrucn said he felt highly gratified at the
state of the poll, and was quite sure that he would occupy
a still better position to-morrow, should the enemy stand
fire another day. He called upon -his friends, however,
not to slacken their exertions while there was anything
unacconiplished, for though victory, on his part, was a
matter of certainty, it would not be consistent With eithet
good discipline or good policy to heal!' their.gtlard:
The Hon. Colonel experienced great InterruptioO, but h;toro it
with as much temper as firmness.
Mr. Ba tvoaam—The candidate who first iddressed
them expressed surprise, an " agreeable surprise" he
had called it, that he had not to-day been outvoted more
'considerably than happened to be' the case. They
would find, however, on inspection, that his Saturday's
majority of 37 had been brought down to 25. (Clears)
He would 'not undertake to surprise him to-morrow With
any great reduction of that number ; but .if he waited j
till Wednesday, he would undertake to snake the a5l
less by a score. He had now no wiskto distinguish the
wards whence the majority alluded to arose. He could
not tell them riddle me riddles. Last week he told them
that his opponent's majority came out of the Lonsdale
ward alone. The same fact had again occurred to-day,
for there the Colonel outnumbered him by 's*,*leaving
him, however, a majority of 29 in Vie other tbiee:wards
on the day's poll. If he could only tell how "many
mushrooms had been polled, he should be in a Condi-.
don to give a more satisfactory account of what the
majority consisted. He should like to kiseiw lOW
many had been given of. the 38 votes midi bf bne
Gentleman in this county, out of one estite alane.
good man in the crowd said, "Lord 'Monet ;" but
he had not made a single vote of that kind.—(Laughter,
and " shame, shame!')—and what was more, he believed
the man who said so to be as well aware of it as him-
self. But he would now say who it was that had done
so. It was Colonel BAton. He should not have men-
tioned the name of this Gentlem n, had not the name
of Lord Than-et been thrust forward by the in in in the
crowd. He understood that 31 persons had been brought
in to vote for only one eighth of a tenement-which !Iliad
be-longed to Colonel Balton. And he had heard: that.
the Colonel was not satisfied even with that.' One inn.
had been brought up to poll on one-r.intli.of another•
part of the same property, cut up in this manner for.
the purposes of this election. He was told that a Rev.
Clergyman had a traffic of the same kind going .on
and that his mushroom bed had produced a very good
crop.—(Laughter.) What could have made the Revs
Gentleman to cut up his property in this way, l.e knew
not.—(A cry "To oppose Popery.") Peihaps he ex-
pected to get some of the loaves and fishes to eat with
his catsup.—(Laughter.) Col. Bolton's opposition arose,l
he thought he might say, out of that Gentleman's int&
mate connexion with the West India interest. However
much he might regret this, and however happy he-
might have telt in receiving the support of his friend
Colonel Bolton, lie would rather not have his forty-nine
votes than abate an iota of that determined hostility
which he and they (the audience) waged against negro
slavery---(Cheers).—And he would rather a hundred
times sooner encounter the Rev. Clergyman's hostility
than he would abate one jot of the zeal and constan •y
with which he had defended, and would continue to de-
fend, the cause of civil and religious liberty, and of
equal rights—(cheers).—He felt himself compelled to
trespass a little farther upon their attention, for the pur-
pose of mentioning a circumstance which alike affected
him and one of the candidates cn the other side.—'
Thursday, at the commenc ment of these proceedings,
he bad listened attentively to what had fallen from
both the candidates opposed to him, and he thought he
had accurately heard the speech of the gallant Colonel.
He felt confident in his own mind that the Honourable
Colonel hat said nothing on t'rat occasion which one
Gentleman had notin perfect right to say to another on
a. public occasion like that to which he referred. But
there had come to Appleby that day a London News-
paper, which contained a report pretending to be one
of what had .been said on the day of opening, but
which report he would now, because he was authorised
to do so, call a fabrication. On reading this statement,
he had thought it necessary to request his friend Mr.
Strickland to wait upon Colonel Lowther, to ask him
ha had really said that which was imputed to him,
es anything like it. The Colonel at once distinctlylstated,
is a manner which did him honour, that of the report
he knew nothing, and added, that the observations
alluded to came from the Newspaper. Moreover, the
Honourable Colonel suited what he really did say, and
(that exactly corresponded with what he (Mr. B.) had
understood him to have said,-(Hear, hear).
Colonel Lowsuza.—What I said was in the hearing of the free-
holders. lam ready to repeat it. I know nothing of newspapers.
Mr. BROCGVADL—I 140414 be sorry to impute the fault of one
man to another.
Mr. WHARTON, late Member for Beverley, then stood
forward, and stated that he had sent a friend to Colonel
Lowther for an explanation of expressions that fell from
him on the first day ; namely, that he had gone down
horn Mr. Brougham's City of London Tavern meeting
to Beverley, where he bad been kicked oat. The Col.
had explained this in the most satisfactory manner, by
declaring that be intended no personal offence, tsut.nsed
the term merely as retaliatory expressions in the way in
which such things are usually taken at elections*.
The Candidates then ids the hustings.
SOMERSETSHIRE ELECTION—(Esosme Day).
Isennens, 11ANDAT.
The poll was again opened by the Sheriff thii-Morn.
