COVENT GARDEN THEATRE.

Last night a new two-act drama, entitled The Gipsy
Father, said to be from the pen of the Honourable Mn.
Norton, grand.daughter of Richard Brineley Sheridan, was
represented at this house. The story opens withexciting con.
siderable interest in the fate of Ramat, a decayed firmer
( Wank), who to get bread for his children appeals to agipsey
party. They give him some trifles, with which he hurries to his
forlorn cottage. The relief is acceptable, and to none more than
to the poor blind father of Barwell ; he eats, not knowing
that in consequence one of the children has gone without
any of the bread. The distracted farmer, on learning the
circumstance, becomes enraged at the grandfather's con.
duct, and threatens and attempts to turn the poor old
man out of doors for it; but this Remelt's wife resists,
and in the course of this resistance stabs her husband.—
At this juncture Richard Bowel, (G. Bennett,) return-
ing from the army, enters the cottage, and after the
mother had been hurried to prison he accuses himself of
having been the murderer to rescue his parent. Richard
afterwards has an interesting interview with his heart's idol
Rose (Miss E. Tree) who happens to be the daughter of
the Magistrate, and he having repeated before her the accu-
sation, she intercedes with her parent to be a lenient judge.
The magistrate eulogizes the laws—eays be cannot divert
them from their just course—and eventually Ranson's wife
is discharged from jail, and the son condemned. As the 'mut
dered man' however, recovers, he and his wife go to the Court
House, and their son is instanter rescued. Probabi.
lities are not very rigidly adhered to; but modern dramatic
practices do not require that they should be very closely fol-
lowed. In the present case, scenes of some interest are pro-
duced. The farmer's distress, at the famished condition of
his family, was powerfully pourtrayed Mr. WAIIDEr.
The son's anxiety for his mother was touchingly depicted by
Mr. lizwwvrr ; but the most effective scene was Rose's
trouble and grief for Richard. Her affliction was exqui-
sitely and feelingly personated by Miss E. Tazi. Their
exertions were justly most warmly applauded. KEELEY as
a village apothecary, and MEADOWS as his apprentice, plea.
sandy relieved the seriousness of the domestic tale of woe;
and the like effect was increased by a good gipsey chorus,
and a song by bliss Hussies, which was encored. The lit-
tle drama was favourably received, and announced for raped.
tion amidst applause.

THOMAS THORN ELLY, Esq. of Leeds, a gen-
tleman of the most independent character and sound
patriotic principles, has been announced as a can-
didate for Liverpool, and is supported by the same
enlightened class of voters as returned Mr. D EN•
NISON. In fact, it seems to be the determina-
tion of all commercial towns to return none but
men of business, who understand the interests and
wants of trade, and who combine this knowledge
with competent political intelligence.
The BIBLE SOCIETY'S income, last year, was
not far short of 100,000 L The receipts, since its institu-
tion, exceed seven millions.

A consolatory dinner was given on last Tuesday,
at Warrington, to Mr. Patten, the ex-Member for Lan-
cashire. There were about Ill) gentlemen present t and
the proceedings were of a nature to be very gratifying to the
gentleman who was the object of them.
A meeting is to be held to-morrow, at Chelsea,
for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of
contributing some temporary aid towards the relief of the dis-
tressed and famishing people in the Western districts of
Ireland.

The ROYAL COLLEGE Of SURGEONS have,
under their charter, obtained a law, sanctioned by the sig-
natures of the Lord Chancellor and a certain number of tL
Judges, giving the Council a more summary power, both of
tine and expulsion over refractory members, than they have
hitherto possessed.
The Brighton people appear determined that the
Population Returns for that town shall be perfectly en rep's,
for the persons appointed to superintend them are Mr. Peter
Black and Mr. Peter While. There cannot, therefore, be a
doubt of their correctness hereafter, as the local authorities
will have them upon "black and while."
On Wednesday, Lord Seymour's pony beat M.
Ernest Le Roy's ditto, In the Buie de Boulogne; a peat
number of spectators were present. Other Parisian races
are in contemplation.
The draining of the Marshes of Grosetto, by the
Grand Duke of Tuscany, has enabled him to form a very fine
road through this hitherto unhealthy country, and it is
completed from Grosetto to Pisa. His Imperial Highness
travelled over it, and arrived at Florence on the Ilth inst.
after visiting all the various operations which are still going
on with the utmost rapidity. A portion of the drained Lod*
are already in cultivation.
All ships in future are to have their bow ports so
disposed as to admit of a gun being fired in a tore-and-aft
direction. The bow of his Majesty's ship Vindictive, now
in progress of building at this port, is being fitted on a plan
suggested by Mr. it. Blake, of this dock-yard, which adds
very considerably to the armament, and gives • far better
form to the bow altogether.—Pfriosilk Herald.
It is perhaps worthy of notice that the Pitt din-
ner was not graced by the presence of one single member of
the late Administration. The Duke, Sir Robert, Twin,
Croke: Goulburn, Derry Dawson, Holmes, Sir James, and
Sir Edward—all were soot inventi--enmtged no doubt, on
" important business" elsewhere."

MAJORITIES.
For the Bill. Agst the Bill.
--
Counties ... ... 00 0
Open Places ... 128 0
Boroughs 0. 0 88
For ..
.: •• • 1
--,—.
224
Against 88
Actual majority for reform I 136

NORTHAMPTON SCRUTII
NORTHAMPTON, MONDAY.
Gunning ... ...
Smith ... ...

... 85
.. 110

The town is as quiet as possible, notwithstanding the in-
dignation of the populace at the decisions of Mr. Humphreys,
and the perjury of the witnesses.
His Worship the Mayor has sent for 20 soldiers from
Weedon, on account of an old woman having been burnt in
effigy the other night.
Lord Milton, in an address to the freeholders of
Northamronshire, which we shall publish to.morrow, ex.
presses doubts as to the propriety of the clause of the Re.
form Bill which gives the right of voting in county elections
to the holders of leases—(of course, meaning leases for short
terms). " I fear," says Lord Milton, " that it may give
the landed Gentry and Nobility a larger share (and that of a
bad description) of authority (in county elections) than they
ought to possess. I tear lest it should give them power,
which is a bad thing, instead of influence, which is a good
thing. Power is a bad thing, bucause it presses upon the
fears and selfish feelings of the electors ; while influence ad
dresses itself to their hearts and understandings : pt.wer com-
pels men—influence guides them."
COMMISSIONERS OF BANK RI:PTS.--We un-
derstand that the Bill to abolish the Fourteen Lists of Com-
missioners is to be brought into the House of Commoos on
the first night of the Session by the Attorney-General, and to
be supported by Mr. Sergeant Wilde sad Mr. F. Pollock.
Mr. Bousfield's motion against compensation to the Cont.
missionen, and the apponittnent of official assignees, will
come on at the next Court of Common Council, which is ex-
pected to be held on Thursday, 9:11 June.
Mr. Grayson, the very extraordinary cultivator
of asparagus, in his garden at Mortlake, and who has ob-
tained distinguished honours from the Horticultural Society,
for repeated Exhibitions of this delicious luxury, has this
season improved even upon the size and colour of the last
wonderful specimen. Yesterday Mr. Grayson presented to
the Duchess of Bedford a bundle of asparagus, consisting of
one hundred and ten heads, and weighing twenty-nine pounds.
In one of Napoleon's authenticated conversa-
tions at St. Helena, we find him observing, " Those who
consented to the Union of Poland with Russia, will be the
execration of posterity, while my name will be pronounced
with respect." The past month has afforded a singular eon-
' emotion of this prediction—the disfranchisement of the
Poles is advocated in all Europe, while the Column of the
Place Vendome is crowned with triumphal garlands, and his
deeds are celebrated everywhere.

A melancholy and fatal accident occurred on Fri-
day morning, at Gatcombe Park, Glocratershire. As the only
sae of David Ricardo, Req. a youth between five and six
years of age. was taking his usual exercise in the park, with a
servant attending hint, the pony on which he was riding sud-
denly turned round in the direction of the stable, and threw
the anfeetnnate young gentleman with such violence on his
had, as i tweak= his death in two hours afterwards.

WHITEHAVEN, MAT 03, 1811.
I regret to state that the reign of terror has commenced
in this town.—For many years past it hen bees customary
in Whitehaven for gentlemen of all pettilif to meet to-
gether on the King's birth-day to drink his Majesty's
health. The usual dinner was appointed to take place
this year on the twenty-eighth (yesterday.) The Low-
ther Agents, mortified by their defeat at the election, refused
to coalesce as usual, and immediately began to beat about
for an opposition dinner. They were soon able to muster
names for a large party, and Whitehaven Castle (the seat of
Lord Lonsdale) was the place appointed. The Lowther
agents having taken this step, the independent party pro-
ceeded with their dinner as usual, and invited Mr.
Blamire, the newly-elected member for the county, to meet
them. Both parties endevotved to muster usual as possible.
At the Castle 140 dined, the Rev. H. Lowther in the
chair; it the Black Lion 70 gentlemen dined, Isaac Little.
dale, Esq. in the chair, supported by Mr. W. Blamire, M.P.;
Henry Cure-en, Esq. of Worthington Hall ; John Christian,
Esq. of Kwanrigg, V. Wybergh, Esq. of hell Hall; Mil-
ham Hartley, Esq. Captain Robertson Walker, R.N. and a
number of the principal gentlemen and tradesmen. The
colliers in the employ of the Earl of Lonsdale, above one
thousand in number, were allowed to leave their work, and
ale in large quantities was given to them, at an early
hour In the morning; and I have heard that spirits
were also given to them. The men having become euffi-
ently intoxicated, they were supplied with yellow flags, and
drums and fifes, and with these they began to parade the
streets, insulting every one who was known or suspected to
be Blue. About half an hour before the time appointed for
the dinner at the Black Lion, they arrived in front of that
inn, and commenced a row. They attacked • gentleman
who was going to the dinner, Capt. St. Clair Wemys, and
struck him several violent blows. He ran into a house, and
seized a poker, for the purpose of defending himself, and on
coming out again struck one of the colliers who had attacked
him, • blow on the head. His friends interfered, and got
him into the Black Lion, to protect him from the mob. The
mob followed him, some of them got into the kitchen and
broke dishes, Ate. and repeatedly struck at Mrs. Jackson ;
they then endeavoured to get into the dining-room, but were
repulsed and driven front the house. But won after the
gentlemen at the Black Lion sat down to dinner, the colliers
again Lame in front of the inn with their flags and
music, and commenced shouting and yelling. They
then paraded through the streets, and soon afterwards
returned, bearing an effigy of Alr. Blamire. This they
paraded round the streets, and then came in front of
the dining-room, and hoisted it up sevetal times
close to the windows. They then set fire to it, and it was
burned amidst the most horrid yells and imprecations. By
this time the crowd gathered about the inn was immense;
and the colliers, who kept in a compact body, and were
easily distinguishable, continued to shout and vociferate
against the Blues for a considerable time, and struck at se-
veral gentlemen, who were about to leave the house. Be-
tween eight and nine o'clock, the Rev. Henry Lowlier
(the Chairman at the Castle dinner,) and a magistrate of the
county, rode through the crowd in his gig, accompa '
puled by his sister, and while passing among
the mob, waved yellow handkerchief., &e. linme.
diately after the gig had passed through the crowd, a
volley of stones was thrown, till scarcely a pane was left un-
broken. The gentlemen who had been dining escaped from
the room, and the mob having destroyed these windows,
and observing that the gentlemen had quitted the room, next
commenced an attack upon the front of the house ; the pan.
eels of the door were smashed in, and several windows broken
—and the mob swore that Mr. B. should not leave the town
alive. At length the besieged party made a sally, and
seized one of the fellows, whom they brought into the house,
and there was a dreadful fight for some minutes at the door.
Several gentlemen were much cut and bruised in the conflict.
Mr. G. Hartley was struck a violent blow on the head,which
laid it completely open, and Mr. Hamilton was so much
cut about the face, that it is feared he will lose the use of
one eye. The fight, such as 1 have endeavoured to describe it,
had continued an hour, and yet not a single Magistrate could
be got—they were &mina at the Castle end maid not be
disturbed! The superintendent of pollee, Mr. Heywood,
was also at the Castle. About ten o'clock Mr. Hey-
wood, with Mr. Jackson and Mr. Quail, two of the
under stewards, arrived, and the two latter certainly
exerted themselves to the utmost of their power to quell
the disturbance; and so far succeeded, that several gen.
tlernentwere enabled to leave the inn without molestation.
In this time the colliers bad gone to the pita, and armed
themselves with the sharp-pointed pickaxes used in
bagging coal", and en their arrival in front of the inn, they
commenced a second attack—the windows, shutters, &e. in
the lower part of the house were driven in, and the doors
much injured. About twelve o'clock they began to disperse.
The damage done to the inn is very great, and several per-
sons have been seriously Injured.
PRIMITIVE STEAM-E EGIN t.-1n 1629 a
compilation was published, entitled Le Machine del Sig.
G. Branca ; Roma. It contains a description of all the,
machines known to the author. Among them is an reolipile
—• hollow metallic ball, having hut one small opening.—
filled with water, and placed on a brasier in such a manner,
that the current of steam, issuing by a pipe, strikes the wings
or spokes of a little horizontal wheel, and makes it revolve.
It wu remarked, in the year 1605, by Flurence Itivault, in
his Element d'Artillerie, that wolipiles burst with:a loud
report, when the steam was prevented horn escaping. He
adds, " the effect of the rarefaction of air will startle the
boldest man."

THE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA'S RACING STUD.
—A Nobleman connected with the Russian Court bas lately
arrived In this country, with orders to purchase upwards
of 100 good horses, which are to form • racing stud for
him Imperial Majesty. Yesterday the first consignment
was embarked on board the brig Catherine, lying in the St.
Katharine's Dock, and bound for St. Petersburg, consisting
of 18 noble animals, including several valuable racers, pur.
chased by Mr. Anderson, of Piccadilly, on account of theiltue.
den ambassador. Among them are Granby, winner of the
St. Lager in 1829, bought for 335 guineas ; lied Rover, a win.
ner of the Derby Stakes in the same year; Miss Chance,
winner of the Oaks in 1830 ; Jupiter, Tam O'Shanteri and
others of good pedigree; besides three from the cdebrsted
stud of Mr. Lyne Stevens, of Leicestershire.
_

As the brag Six Sisters, of Stornoway, bound
for America with emigrants, was lately lying at anchor in
the bay of Shildag, at Applecross, an addition was made to
the number of souls on board under circumstances rather
novel and curious. The vessel lay three nights in the
bay ; the first night three of the female passengers were
delivered each of • son; the second night precisely the
same occurrence took place; and the third night another
trio of man children was born; so that no less than nine
male offspring were brought into the world on board the Six
Sisters, in three nights.—lnverness Courier.
EMIGRATION OF CHELSEA PENSION ERS.
Time Mint, GOO tons. Captain Bo) le, left the 8:. Katharine
Docks, on Saturday afternoon. for Quebec and Montreal.—
She will take out upwards of 300 pensiorets, many of them
with wives and families. It Is stated, that about 3000 pen-
sioners have already disposed of their pensions in this way
of emigration. What a fact in proof of the condition to
which the system of the boroughmongers has brought the
cottony. The very pensioners of the Government seek to
leave it ! Yet we have 70 millions of cultivated land in the
three kingdoms. and only 3i millions of families ; that is 29
acres an every family. at the very timethat our population arc
fleeing to all climes, from inability to suisyst. What a
practical commentary on the cruel practice of the 80.
roughmongers ! What a fact for his-ortans and moralists!
LAIRD DORCHESTER, MAJOR I)UNDAS, AND
THE SEVENTH liudiAßS.—The Vic..roy of Ireland is the
Colonel-in.Cnief of the above distinguished regiment, in
which 11Iajor Dundas, possessing the advantages of for-
tune, bight connection, and Parliamentary influence. has
risen rapidly to be a Fit Id Officer, without encountering the
hazards of the &Id or the vieis)itudis of climates. fhb
officer, the pArtieulars of whose s. doction of an artless,
thoughtless child (for it appL.ars Miss Adams was
scarcely seventeen years of ag.•,) we detailed yesterday,
is the son of the Honourable Mrs. Robert Dundee. and
the late Hight lion. R. Dundas, Lord Chief Baron of
Scotland, who died in 1829, beqw•atbing Major Dundee and
his brother 91,0001. The Major is also nephew to Viscount
Melville, the Right lion. William Donnas. late M.P. for
Edinburgh, and Lady Abereromby. On the appointment of
Major Dundas, in December last, to be Major of the 711
Hussars. by purchase, Lord Dorchester, who Is • minor, not
having attained his 20th year, alto obtained a step in the
same corps. by his advancement to the rank of Lieutenant.
The Marquis of Anglesey commanded the 7th Hussars
throughout the Peninsvlar csnipaign ; and his Lo rdahip's
nephew and side-de.e.unp, Lieut. Stuart 11, nry Paget, holds
&cumulation in it. The 7th is officered, exclusively, by men
of high birth and fortune, Lind Crofton ('apt. Charles
Crespigny Vivian, son of Sit Husszy Vivian. Capt. Bathurst
a telativeof Earl Bathurst. sad the Hun. John Jocelyn,
brother of Rail Roden, being amongst the offic.:rs who at
present belong to this corps.

LAW REPORT%
.-....--
COURT OF CHANCERY, M* 31.

Mr. Wvituaw appeared to support a petition, which
prayed the Lord Chancellor would order a Commissioner,
physician, or other person, to visit a certain Lunatic Asylum
to inquire into the health of an individual confined there,
and to report the result to his Lordship.
Bir E. SILTODEN was instructed to oppose the petition. It
was a petition not signed by any one, and he desired to know
whether Mr. Wyburn would undertake that his client, who-
ever he was, would pay the costs in case the application
should be dismissed ?
Mr. WYB U RI said his client was a highly respectable So-
licitor of Southampton, and would not hesitate to abide by
any Order the Court may think proper to make.
The Loan CHANCRLLOR would. aithout this acknow-
ledgment on the part of the Learned Counsel, have had no
difficuliy in fixing and in making the mover in this matter
pay the coma, should it turn out to be a case for ft.
Mr. WYBURN then stated. that the petition purported
to be presented by Mr. John Knight, a gentleman of large
property, belong:ng to Southampton, and who had been
removed about tut) years ago from his house to the lunatic
asylum of John Lacy and William Finch, Unmerited:,
Southampton, and kept there ever since. Mr. Berney, of
Southampton, was the solicitor; and he (the Learned Coun-
sel) had to submit, that one of the grossest contempt' of
Court had been committed in this case that had ever been
brought before the Lo:ice of the Keeper of the Oreat Seats,
because if Mr. Knight really was insane or of unsourst
mind, it was the bounden duty of those who had been instru •
mental in removing him to this asylum and in keeping hint
there, to have applied long ago for a commission de lunatic°
inguirendo to have issued against him, or, If be was of
sound mind, to be set at large.
The LORD CHANCELLOR viewed this as a question,
whether he lad any power to inier'ere in a case of alleged
lunacy before the issuing of a Commission.
Mr. Wvouam said the present application was of a double
' aspect—it prayed that a Commission might issue, or that
his Lordship would order an investigation to be made into
the state of wind of this gentleman.
The Loop Cliaxcem.oft regarded the Act and the Sec-
tions referred to as relating entirely to ministerial or execu-
tive duties, and to nothing judicial.
Mr. WYBURN submitted a different construction of the
Statute; and in this ease a Physician, who had attended
,Ir. Knight tar thirty years, positively and voluntarily
swore to the perfect soundness at present of Mr. Knight's
mind. The only reason alleged for the set of great outrage
that had been committed was, that a marriage might be
prevented between Mr. Knight and a certain Individual
whom he had formed an affection for.

Sir E. Suance.—No, no ; we Lave no objection to. Ma
marrying his cook.
Mr. WYBUSW.—And they assign as a ground for the
alleged impropriety of the match, that she is a troublesome
woman. (Laughter.)
Tit 3 LORD CHANCILLOW-1 should think there must be
telnie other objection than that. If she unfortunately
happened to be an ugly woman, perhaps that might be
raised as something plausible.—(Laughter)
Mr. Wynnex—No, my Lord, nothing but that she Is
troublesome to every body.
Tha LORD CHANCELLOR—O! well, if she is trouble-
some to every body, I have very little doubt, that she would
be troublesome to her husband, poor man.
Mr. Wittman—This gentletnan arose from a very hum-
ble origin, and having amassed a very coosiderable fortune,
be went to reside at Southampton, to enjoy his property and
amuse himself in gardening, which he is very fond of.
Being a bachelor, and between 50 and 60 years of age, he
happened to become acquainted with a relyrespectable and
worthy housekeeper, in the service of the family of the ad-
joining house to his property.
The LORD Ch•wcietsua—.Well, but won't you oonfitse
yourself In the first iustanee to the question ofjurisdietioo ?
This is an Act which empowers the Chancellor, the Leeds
Chief Justices et the King's Bench and Common Pleas, and
the Secretary of State, to interfere by inquiry is pro.
bably similar to the present, upon a letter to them
privately, upon a conversation with any one on the subject,
or upon an affidavit, as they shall think it, but there is no-
thing at all of a judicial import in the Act, was to doable.
any Barrister to make a public application to me, sitting in
open Court, u he would apply in a cause or any petition.-.
The very circumstance of the Secretary of State bdig intro-
duced into the Act shewed the Ministerial intention.
Mr. Wystrop thought it would be productive of the
most injurious consequences were it now to be sent forth to
the public, that in such a case as the present the Cheoeellee
of England had oo jurisdiction so as to enable him to in.
terfere.

The LOUD CHIXCILLOR had not the slightest fear on
that bad; became, on the contrary, he had no limitation
In saying, that he had the clearest jurisdiction, dough not
in conformity with the present argument.
Mr. WYBUIN said, that provided him Lorthhip inter-
posed, either in consequence of the present application, or
any other that might be made to hem, by reason of what
had now fallen front the Bench, lie was quite content to go
no further.

Sir E. SUCIDLX then understood the application to be dis-
missed with costs.

Mr. Wvistran objected to the costs being given. It wall
not his client's fault that the application had been made ha
this public way, because he had presented the Petition in
pri /ate, and wished it to come before his Lordship privately ;
but the Secretary had doubted the jurisdiction, and refused
to receive it ass private Petition.
The Loan CHAN cruon desired to be informed bow It
was shown that the petition was the petition of Mr. Knight,
which iepurported to be ?
Mr. IV vittax could only make nut that the petition had
been presented by Mr. Barney. after he had in vain attempted
to get an interview with Mr. K. tor the purpose of submit.
tang the propriety of presenting it to him, and after Mrs.
Richards had stated that Mr. K. had desired her to get every
thing possible done for the purpose of liberating him, as he
had been denied the use of pen. ink, and paper, where he was,
and that be should prefer death to living longer under the
tyranny of Mr. Lacy.
The LORD CHawczit.oa dismissed the application with
costs, directing the coos to be paid by the party who had
been the original mover of the matter.
Sir E. SCHOEN hoped it was ur necessary for hint to say
any thing in exculpation of hia thems, the relations of Air.
K. and the keepers of the asylum.
1110 LORD CHANCELLOR had heard nothing whatever
implicating them in any way. et:d a!1 he might do on any
application being made .to him in thic matter in due form,
would be, at the utmost. to meet them to make out their
Own Case.

I

CAPTURE OF 261 TElt li V A I.TS By THE MI-
LITAILY.—A combircd mnetmert of various detachments
from different parts of the county ot Clare, and the comity
of Galway, was executed on the night of Sunday last, the
22 instant. for the purpose of surrounding and sumeibit.g
the midnight legislators of the county of Galway. The de.
tachments from Clare consisted ut those of the 74th reghnent,
front Aloynnehouse, Feakle, and Cahn; those of Gilroy
consisted of string panics of the 28th, berth and eeth Ils.
fanny, and a squadron of the Bth Hussars. All these par.
•
tics met, and formed a grand junction at 6 o'clock or. the
meriting of Monday, at a given point, at Denybrien, NIT=
ing. iu their sweeping march, secured 261 Terry Alit.
This missing, about one o'clock, a fire broke
nut at a eh, vsemonger's shop. kept by a widow, i 9 Haswell.
strict raed, which consumed the able of the premises. A
young woman was -een at ot.e of the attic windows a little
befo-e• the nor tel in. but whether she escaped in any way,
or fa, a victim to the devouring element, is uncertain.

I

CUR N-EXCHA'

.THIS DAY.

Wheat. new, Kent, Boilers • 468 484
ar.d Rasa • 708 r.lrey • 11Is 41k
Old . —s Small • 40s 42a
.
Suffolk.(Whilt) . 68s • 36. ltga
Norfolk & Suff. (rill) 60. ,rates • 98a 30s
Rye . . 30: 'land • 216 :7n
Barley :t4, • 2.1.95 s
Fire . . 44s seek. . 66. 1.08
Peas, White . 401 .C 36 £3B per hat
AIIIIIV•Llt
Intent, English (qrs.) 1,170 Barley, Forel. . 500
tri,h . . —•••-- 0.. t.. F.rglith - 6 84*
rorri;n - - 12.taa tri•b . . 5,000
Barley, Engli.l4 - t)hlt I ..r.ign - 2.140
Irish . . .. F...;11.•!. Flour (nail) 2,11118
--- --- ...—________4,
COAL-EXCHANGE—'Iing DAY.
Ships arrived &Viol"; 11,1 11 Of ri
During the week
BestlVallsend, Newenstl.. & Sundt 11:4.4
CAW% ... .. . WM &I a 334 1/s1
Inferior nuns .... ... . ._. _as ed 274 ed

,
at ido.

ANC,E-TH
Peas, Boil
714 Ore,
—+ Beans. lira
72. Tick
664 Oat., Pori
rolani
Wie !'red
4G• lli.i r, rtr
12t. Itqrscsd,

f
{
s

,
II

POPULAR EDUCATION.

0;

__(Fross Csaett's Register.;
We hear a vast boasting about the light :which we pos.
sets now.a-days compared with that which was possessed
our forefathers ; we see a pleat fuss about what is called
unproying the minds of the working people ; but of what
use is this new light in the minds of the working people. un-
less it add to their bodily enjoyment ; ueless it give them
better food, better clothing. and, of course, make them more
contented, and Ins exposed to crime. The E-at thing neces-
sary to man is food, next raiment, next lodging. and fuel.-
11 he have all these, in sufficient quantity and good quality,
he is seldom led into legal crime, and is much less liable to
the commission of moral offences, than if he were steeped in
poverty, which is the fruitful.parent of misery and crime, and
has always been such in every country in the world. A
great deal of deception has been practised upon the working
people, under the pretence of giving them education, by
which the parties practising it choose always to mean,
" learning from booke." Now, if this education-work
produced real benefit to the working people, it would
be a thing to be praised ; but the fact is, that since
this work was begun, the people have regularly be-
come poorer and poorer, crimes have regularly increased,
till it now costs more to punish and transport felurs than
the whole of the maintenance of theonor cost seventy years
ago. Do I want the working people to be " ignorant r-
No ; but when I see that the aultication. as it is impudently
called, and that misery and crimes all go on increasing toge-
ther; when I see that the people have become mare misera-
ble anti less good in exact proportion, as the educating work
has extended, I must regard this work as a despicable :cheat.
Besides, what is " ignrranes ?" There is a treat deal of talk
about it ; but what what is it ? Is the literary man to call
a labourer ignorant, because the latter can neither write nor
read, and because he does not know A from II ? Well,
then, is not the labourer to call the literary wan ignorant,
because he cannot hold n nitwit or make a hurdle, and be-
cause he does not know ones from barley when they are six
inches high ? Is the carpenter to call the shoemalter igno.
rant, because he cannot make a chest of drawers; or the
shoemaker the carpenter, b cause he cannot make a pair
of shoes? The truth is this, that talk about edtication of
the people is a piece of insolence arising out of the stupid
pride of idlers, whose knowledge consists in books, or the
contents of books. Learning means knowledge ; and a
*edger that understands hedging perfectly, is learned in his
profession. The pride or vanity of literature despises all
knowledge but that which belongs to itself; and you shall
4requentiv hear a miserable fribble of a wretch, who could
hardly dfientangle his carcass if clasped by a couple of stout
brambles and who hardly knows a rough sheep-dog from a
sheep, speaking of the " peasantry" as if they were creatures
born without brains."
•• • This is a specimen of very ingenious ad-
vocacy, but not of correct ratiocination. The people
are not miserable and criminal because they have
.been educated ; but because they were not suf-
ficiently educated long ago, to enable them to un-
derstand and baffle the manoeuvres of educated
people, by whom their interests have been cun-
ningly and unmercifully compromised. It was
not the education of the people which created the
oppressive taxes, the high rents, and the large
farms, and which caused the extinction of the paper
currency, without extinguishing the paper taxes;
but it was their want of education and intelligent
discrimination which enabled others to make fools
and tools of them, and to raise their own incomes
while they sunk those of the industrious classes, at
once absolutely and comparatively. How can the
years, from four or five to ten, or twelve, be better
employed than in acquiring arts suited to that age,
which arts constitute the essence of civilized life,
are the high road to after-knowledge, and place men
on a certain footing of cultivated equality ? A
school is the break of the human race, and without
it men, like wild and unbroke animals, get con-
firmed in vicious propensities and idle habits, which
are not to be subdued at maturity. Will a la-
bourer, who knows that he has no other means of
subsistence, work less because he bad been taught
to read and write before he was ten years of age ?
So also with a shoemaker or a blacksmith ? For
manual labour a man needs only muscles and eyes;
but should we on that account despise his senses of
hearing, smelling, and tasting, or his powers of
speech ? Has nature made any such distinction
between inthistry and aristocracy—and why should
man make it in regard to the most useful and ne-
cessary of all attainments ? lime qualification of
reading and writing subtracts nothing from mus-
cular power, while it enables men at least to read
newspapers, and learn something of their social
duties and political rights, and as much as they
please. Can liberty have better security, or a
more effectual check be contrived to arrest injus-
tice and bad government? On the contrary, are
not the tools of despots and knaves the most illite-
rate of the people ; and is not the ignorance of ar-
mies and mobs the strength of their leaders ? No
doubt, however, the recognition of this principle
has led to much CANTING, and to the success of
much HYPOCRISY. It has been offered too as an
atonement for wrongs and robbery, and more care,
which costs nothing, has been ostentatiously taken
of souls, than of bodies which demand concession
and restitution. Let, however, the people be edu-
cated, and they will take care of their bodies as
well as souls ; for the strength of their ene-
mies lies in their better knowledge, and the many
will prove themselves an overmatch for the few, if
by suitable education they are furnished with the
weapons of PowErt, or with a compass to direct
them in •the high road to KNOWLEDGE.
—e
A very ingenious apparatus has been constructed
by a Mr. Turner, which has fur its object clearing the pulp
of all hard and' other objectionable particles, which, it not
oxtracted,destroy the beauty and depreciate the value of paper.
FROZEN POTATOES.—In the time of frost, the
only precaution necessary is, to retain the potatoes in a per
fectly dark place for some days after the thaw has com-
menced. In America, where they are sometimes frozen as
hard as stones, they rot if thawed in open day ; but if
thawed in darkness they do not rot, and lose very little of
their natural odour and properties.
THE AMERICAN BLIGIIT.—Wo are sometimes
told that by the application of such and such mixtures to
the frees affected by this blight, it may be reluctant ;
though all such applications upon large trees are out of
the question, it may be that some of our ;cadets have
young and comeatable trees which have been affected by the
blight—if so, they need not despair of a cure if they wil at-
tend to the following receipt extracted from that delioinful
beet "thee Journal of a Naturalist :"—Melt about three
ounce" of resin in an earthen pipkin, take it from the
Ere, and pour into it three ounces of fish oil; the ingre-
dients perfectly unite, and when cold, acquire the consist-
ence of honey. A slight degree of heat will liquify it. and
in this state paint over every infected part of your tree,
using a common painter's brush. This 1 prefer doing in
Spring, as soon as the hoariness appears. The substance
soon sufficiently hardens, and forms a varnish, which pre.
vents any escape, and stifles the insects. After die tint
dressing, should any cottony matter appear round the margin
of the vatnish, a second application to these parts will be
found to effect a perfect cure.
x pox SPAR ROW S.—At a late lecture on ani-
mal and vegetable life in London, delivered by Dr. J. Mit-
chell at the London Literary end Scientific Institution, he
stated that the London sparrows were often as sooty and
black as chimney-sweepers. Their' favourite abode foe
building their nests is within the foliage of the capitals of
Corinthian columns and pilasters. He stated that they also
build within the mouth of the lion on,, the top front of
Northumberland-house. The benevolence of some, and
• the cruelty of others placed pots on the sides of houses for
car reception. Dr. Johnson marks with his abhorrence
.ne man wliti did this. The sparrows; not knowing the
'character of the man with whelp they had to deal, built
heir nests in his pots. It was dSgusting to'hear the fellow
?Tess his delight at' the pioispect of making pies of their
young.

PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH

EMPIRE.

The STAR has for several mouths exhibited such fa plc-
tun of ithe Domestic Events of the Empire, as never
before was attempted. It gratifies unspeakably the natives
of districts who reside in London and distant counties, and
is a LETTER FROM HOME to every provincial in foreign
countries, or in the colonies. It raises also into general
importance the exertions of local talents in every public
cause. Then as this is a duty performed alone by the STAR,
those local patriots would ill deserve their name, if the STAR
and its interests were not reciprocally promoted by them in
every district. We know it has been so in many plammland
the STAR in principles, and in an the best qualities of a
paper, has justified preference; but we reasonably expect
the same attentions EVERY warts, as the means of at
once recompensing our diligence, and adding to the utility of
our valuable and exclusive information. We call also on the
Provincial Proprietors of Papers, whose local labours we
thus illustrate, and invite with earnestness their powerful
attentions in promoting those interests of the Paper which
they best understand. We notoriously excel all London
Papers in priority of Foreign News, and our display of the
transactions of the country is equally exclusive and pre-
eminent.

NEWCASTLE CHRONICLE, MAY 29.

Yesterday being the celebration ofthe natalffayetwaralC
Sovereign, never were there more joyous shinanstratNem
played in this ancient and loyal town than were wham's% In
honour of King William the Fourth, that patriotic Maw&
who now sways the British sceptre, and who, from his fi-
shed virtues and truly benignant character, is so justly dear
to his people. At an early hour in the morning the merry
bells sent forth their enlivening music, which was continued
at intervals throughout the day ; the gala flag of the caper
ration fluttered in the wind, from the lofty turret et the re.
tremble Castle; and the numerous vessels in the river were
all beautifully decked in honour of the day. Mare o'clock
a royal salute of 21 guns was fired from the artillery of the
ntstk.
It being the great market day, the usual cannon/4:
feu de joie on the sandhi'', in the presence of the
tracy, was dispensed with on account of that locale being
necessarily otherwise appropriated. The military, however,
(and they presented a very imiz= amp died( from so =ay
different portions of " the being present)--had a
grand field day on the Town Moor, and went through va-
rious evolutions with great skill and precision. The whole
terminated by *fess de joie in honour of his Majesty. In
the evening, (at half-past six,) the Right Worshipful Ar-
chibald Reed; Mayor of Newcastle, gave an elegant enter-
tainment at the Mansion-house, to a distinguished partyof
nearly 100 gentlemen, including the High Sheriff of Nor-
thumberland (George &lento's Esq.) JobtfHodgson, Esq.
M.P. Sir Robert S. Hawks, Aldermen Cramlington, Cook-
son, Forster, Sonbie,Wright, and Shadforth ; the Recorder,
(C. Cookson, Esq.) the Sheriff of Newcastle, (Wm. Smith,
Esq.) General Terrot, Captains Alexander bide, and Edw.
Pitts, R.N. Major Chichester and the Officers of four com-
panies of the 60 regiment; Major Mitchell and three other
Officers, R. M. Captain Glaseock and Officers of his Ms.
jesty's sloop-of-war, Orestes ; the Officers of three troops of
the Third Dragoon Guards; the Officers of the Newcastle
and Northumberland Yeomanry Cavalry; and the Officers
of four companies of the l&Regiment of Infantry; the Rev.
the Vicar of Newcastle ; the Rev. the Rector of Gateshead ;
the Rev. Richard Clayton, M. A. Mr. J. Lamb of Lear.
mington Hall, &t. &c.
On the removal of the cioth, the Chairman nee and re.
quested a special bumper fur the toast of the day, Observing
that he would not inflict upon them akin speech, but would
simply give—"'the health of his Most Excellent Majesty,
King William the Fourth—may he long enjoy the blessings
of health and happiness, and live in the hearts of a devoted,
affectionate, and loyal people." Drank with four times four,
and long continued cheering.
The next toast was—" The Queen, and the rest of the
Royal Family." which was most rapturously received.
The Chairman then gave—" Sir James Graham and the
Navy," with three times three.
Captain Glascock rose, and madel suitable acknowleil!.
ments, In the course of which he paid a handsome coin
menu to the Mayor for the scene of splendid hospitality t
was presented that day in the Mansion-house, on so truly
gratifying an occasion—observing, that he felt justly proud
while adverting to the service to which he belonged, to
reflect, that where he was thus humbly expressing his grate-
ful sentiments, one of the most illustrious officers of the Bei.
dab navy had been reared; one who, for true valour,
commanding seamanship, and all the moral virtues, was se-
cond to none in England's imperishable list of naval heroes.
Need he mention the name of Collingwood ? (Great sp.
planet.) He would only further briefly remark, that from
the North—but more especially from the banks of the Tyne
—was produced that fine race of daring and active seamen
who ea nobly fought for and upheld the honour of their
Country. He trusted they would long continue to flourish.
--(Applause.) Captain Glascock concluded by observing,
that as he was not accustomed to public speaking, and was
besides a very imperfect orator, he felt the more indebted to
the Company for the patience with which they had listened
to hint. Before he sat down be begged to give the health of
the worthy President, the Mayor of Newcastle.
His Worship rose, and made his acknowledgments in
suitable terms.—On the health of " Lord Hill and the
Army," being given, General Tarot rose to return thanks
for the toast, which be did in a very neat manner, begging
at the same time to offer the tribute of his very sincretf
grateful acknowledgments in testimony of that courteous
and kind hospitality which had already been adverted to,
and which certainly no member of the Corporation could
possibly carry into more complete and fascinating effect than
the present most worthy occupant of the Civic Chair.—
As it was customary to unite the toast, he would beg to
propose the Mayor and Corporation of Newcastle, with
three times three. (Drank according)y.) The Chairman
returned thanks for the honour solobligingly conferred upon
himself and his brethren of the corporation. The next
toast that was given, the Chairman prefaced by observing
he was quite sure every one would fill a bumper ; for he had
in his eye a gentleman, not more distinguished by those
commanding attainments which so warmly engaged the bat
affections of mankind, but who, in the high official dignity
he now held, bad every man's praise, for the able, strait.
forward, and independent manner in which he exercised the
prerogatives of his office—he meant the High Sheriff of
Northumberland, George Silvertop, Esq. (Great ap-
plause.) The High Sheriff rose, and in making his ac-
knowledgments, delivered an eloquent address, which we
regret extremely that want of room prevents our doing jus-
tice to. The honourable gentleman disclaimed, on the score
of personal merit, all that very flattering language in' which
his kind but too partial friend, the chairmanOradelothed his,
sentiments when speaking of him. He must rather believe
that no small portion of the encomiastic notice he had been
honoured with, had its source in the very honourable office
to which, through his Majesty's special grace and favour,
he had been some little time back appointed. He could as-
sure them that it was an incessant aspiration on his part so
,to acquit himself of that delegated authority, that he might
havethe cheering reward of public approbation for Iris la-
bours. (Applause). The High Sheriff concluded by giving
as a toast Prosperity to the Town of Newcastle."
The worthy chairman rose, and requested a bumper. He
said he was about to give " The Members for Newcastle,"
two honourable, able, and independent men, in whom their
constituents placed, and he would say, justly placed, every
confidence. (Great applause).
John Hodgson, Esq. rose and returned thanks in very
handsome terms, for the honour so obligingly conferred on
his colleague (Sir Matthew Ridley) and himself.
The next toast the Chairman observed, was " the health
of the Lord Lieutenant," which he had very great pleasure
in giving, at he was a nobleman distinguished by the most
engaging urbanity of manners, and with a disposition that
ever prompted him to acts of beneficence and true Christian
charity, to soothe the sufferings of humanity. Drank with
great applause, and three times three. On the heslth'of the
officers of the 60th Regiment being given, Major Chichester
rose turd returned thanks in an excellent and soldier.like ad-
dress, which rivetted attention, and gave equal pleasure and
satisfaction. Numerous other toasts applicable to the day.
and having reference to the honourable individuals attached
to different branches of " the- Service" in the room were
given, and-elicited more or less of that replique which, in all
such meetings, is creative of a pleasing though quickly pass-
ing interest. The amateur-singing in the course of the even-
ing, which the officers of the 60th Regiment very essentially
contributed to. formed an agreeable featdre in the recreations
of this very memorable and joyous day. The Ball being

defined till Monday evening, the " rosy wine" was kept in
brisk circulation tills late boor.
We have great pleasure in stating that the difseencesbe.
twos; the coal.owners and the pitmen are now nearly or.
WeLOf thecollierks on the Tyne and at Blythe, twenty.
have speed with their workmen, thirteen of them are
now at full work, and the others will be so in a day or two.
This still remains twelve who have not finally agreed, but
they probably will do so very shortly. Great rejoicietts
hek pima at most of the collieries on the completion of their
apa~ments, a feeling which la fully participated in by the
whole neighbourhood. Of the eoAkeia on the Wear, we
understand, the Marquis of Londonderry's, Beamish, and
Fatfield collieries, are all at full work4as are also part of
Lord Durham's. The Hetton Company and their men
agreed on Wednesday, which was the most joyous day ever
seen at Hetton, and finished with an illumination in the
evening ; they were to commence working on Friday. We
believe this has been the longest "stick" that ever took
place We, having continued for nearly eight weeks ; and it
Is also to be observed, that it has been accompanied by less
mischief and disturbance than have generally characterised
its predecessors.

WORCESTER HERALD, MAY 27.
At a numerous meeting of gentry, clergy, and freeholders
of the county of Worcester, friends of Colonel hygon—John
8. Pakington, Esq. in the chair; it was resolved anent-
mously,—Tht we, the undersigned, do testify, in the most
public manner, our approbation of the Hon. Col. Lygon's
upright and conscientious conduct during tbe 16 years be has
represented this county in parliament, and particularly for
I the uniform courtesy and attention with which every appli-
cation relative to the varied Interests of this county has at all
times been received by him. And we further beg to .offer to
him our cordial thanks, for his recent strenuous exertions to
protect his constituents from the impulse of those delusions
which are now threatening the established institutions of our
country. That in further proof of our high personal esteem
for Colonel Lygon, and our approbation of the parliamentary
services be has rendered to both the county andeity of Wor-
cester, a subscription be entered into for presenting to him a
piece of plate, and that the two Worcester banks, and all
other banks in the county, be hereby requested to receive
subscriptions for this purpose. That individual subscrip-
tions shall not exceed one guinea.
ILIDDERMIXITia.—On Friday last, a public dinner
took place at the Guildhall, at which our County Mem-
bers, Mr. Foley end Capt. Spencer, were present. The High
Bailiff was in the Chair, and the evening was passed in much
harmony.
BTQUIIIMIDOZ.OO Saturday lad a public dinner was
given at this town to Mr. Foley and Capt. Spencer. Upwards
of 60 gentlemen of respectability sat down to an excellent
dinner. Mr. James Foster, M. P. was in the Choir; and
he was supported by the two Members, and Sir Thomas
Winningtun, Bart. M. P. W. Woolrycb Whitmore, M.P.
Mr. Holyoske, Mr. John Scott, Mr. Joseph Pearson, and
other gentlemen from the neighbourhood, and from Bome-
grove, Dudley, Wolverhampton, and West Bromwich.
HAGLEY.—A grand banquet, to celebrate the return of
the Hon. T. H. Foley, and the Hon. Captain Spencer' as
members foe this county, was given at Bagley Hall, last
Thursday, by Lord and Lady Lytteltan. Fifty ladies and
gentlemen of the neighbourhood were invited. The dinner
was served op in the gallery. in the most sumptuous man.
ncr, and the Host and Hostess displayed their usual affa-
bility and hospitality. The first toast, " Admiral King
William the Fourth," vu drunk with the utmost en-
thusiasm. _ _ _

MARR/ ED.—William Henry Fryer, Esq. to Helena,
youngest daughter of 0. H. Auricl, hsq.—Samuel Kemp-
son, Esq. Willows, Birmingham, to Miss Broom, Wood-
field House.
DIRD.—At Herapsey House, Randal Andrews, Esq.
aged 33. Mary, eldest daughter of. Henry Lloyd, Esq. of
Ludlow.—Roger Jones, Req. of Colomendy, near Corwen.
HAMPSHIRE ADVERTISER, MAT 28.
Tun Cutracn.—The following instances of disinterested
feeling on the part of the Established Clergy, occurring
within this Diocese, have just come to our knowledge. A
truly worthy and liberal minded divine, a few months since
made a roluntary offer to resign his church preferments, be.
lag of the value of 13001. or 16001. per annum ; and another
Clergyman, who has been offered by bin diocesan the greater
portion thereof, has been upwards of four months hesitating
whether he will accept it, notwithstanding his present church
preferment is not of more than about half the annual value
of that which he has been so offered. Another instance is
that of a Clergyman without any Church preferment, at
present filling the /Ice of Curate of a very extensive parish,
who has been recently offered a living of the annual value of
several hundred pounds, which It is understood he intends to
decline.

A public dinner for the Mends of Reihrm took place at
' the Long Booms, on Thursday last, James Weld, Esq. in
the Chair. About 150 persona were present on the occa-
sion, incloding the new members, A. Atherley, Esq. and J.
S. Patinae, Req.
Immanent. wo.—On Saturday t, a barn on Southend
Farm, Soberton, occupied by Mr. Edward Molden, one of
the, overseen of the poor of that parish, was maliciously set
on fire, and in a short time totally consumed, together with
five loads of wheat, a cow-shed, and other out-buildings ad.
joining, and various agricultural effects. The fire was dis-
covered about one o'clock on Sunday morning, and raged
with such fury as to prevent its being subdued.
We regret to find that the devastations of Swing are not
yet at an end in Sussex. Last week a fire occurred on a
farm in the parish of Brede, which there is no reason to
doubt was the work of an incendiary. A barn, belonging to
a farmer named Bourne, which had just been filled With
oats, was destroyed ; and by a second fire, in the neighbour-
ing parish of Ewhunt, four acres of underwood were entirely
destroyed.
&HOOKAS DISCOVERY ON iNCIIIDIALIZB.—The per.
petrators of a recent fire in Bridport, which destroyed above
twenty dwellings, are no doubt discovered by the accidental
dropping of a letter by a young man, who, being of the
Bridpon band, had been playing at the residence of Sir Wm.
Oglander, in celebration of a recent county conquest. The
writer of the letter bad gone to London soon after the are •
be lived previously with his father (who is not implicated),
in one of the houses burned, which was insured ; the purport
of the letter was, to request the penon to whom it was ad.
dressed, to give him the earliest infotmation, in case any of
the accomplices should split.
His Grace the Doke of Richmond has very kindly granted
to the Guardians of the Poor 40 acres of ground on the
Broyle, near Chichester, for the purpose of finding employ-
.ment for the paupers who are destitute of work.
SHOCKING ACCIDIST.--As the Red Rover coach was

pining through Heytasbury en Monday se'nnight, the
drums of a recruiting party frightened the horses, which
started at full speed, and became quite unmanageable. They
ewer a fine boy, about ten years of age, son of Dlr. J.
iheslllield, which caused his immediate death ; a girl was
Men Meshed down and received such severe injuries, that her
afa In great danger ; and one of the passengose. In codes-
to escape from the roof of the coach, fell to the
, and was considerably bruised.
At Ilene the King of the French's reception appears,
from the journali of that place, to have been vazinthusias•
tic. A temporary ball-room, one hundred and -Ave feet
=di, ninety-four feet wide, and fifty feet igh, was
In one of the squares, lighted by sixty lustre., which
bed been brought expressly from Paris. It was made in the
shape of an amphitheatre the seats of which were capable of
containing eighteen hundred persons, besides the &neer%
for whom a space in front was reserved.
Shoals of mullet and gore fish have visited our river the
last two or three days, followed by a considerable number of
their most inveterate enemies, the porpoises.
This town was visited on Tuesday last, by a most tremen-
dous thunder storm, accompanied by torrents of rain, but,
we are happy to ,no very serious accident happened.
A stack of chimneys in the house of M. 31addison Esq.
Castle-square, was severed by the electric fluid ; and the
wife of 31r. holder, the constable, was struck with costal-
denble force.
POOLt, MAT 28.--Thc Burning Cliff at Haworth.
near Weymouth, is now becoming en object of particular at-
tention. Fissures have been, within the last fortnight, opened,
discharging vapour at another part, about fire hundred feet
, to the westward of the long line of apertures, which have
for some time past been in active operation.
Very little business watt done in Basingstoke Market this
week, it being held on Tuesday, In consequence of the fair
being on the regular market day. Wheat was 10s per load
cheaper than last week, and may be quoted from 141. to 171.
15s. per load ; Batley, 425. to 445. Beans. 38s. to 413 a.
Oats, 20s. Bd. to 335. Peas, 30s. to 40s. imperial measure.
Bread, Is. 7d. per gallon.
Nrwsunv, Bsace, MAT 91--Wheat, Imp. qr. 72s
te 77s Barley 32s to 425; Oats Ws to 345; Beans 40s to
44a; New Peas Mis to 40s; Bread, per gallon, 17de.
to 19th.
Wool appears to keep its price at 14d. and liid. the pound.
This must be cheering to our flock farmers, who, two years
back, only obtained led.

lildßßMD.—at Brighton,' a. Burreughs, Ifsq. of the
'Royal Arilbey, to Selina. eldest daughter of late John
W. Childers, /a7tAt FranikW Church, T. Beaddell,
Req. to Anne, of A. Dearman. EK—At
Poole, Ma* Wood, tdoarelifyAMl, of T. Dent,
Esq.—At Rath, C. T. Motile, Esq. of Milkah to Anne,
eldeef daughter of F. H. Faawe., Req—at Chaim, John,
eon of John Kilby, Esq. of South Moreton, to
youngat daughter of the late Broome Pinsiger, ;tit
'Wood-hill Park—J. E. E. Spbtk, Req. of Slbton, Suffolk,
to Sophia T. Jackson, eldest daughter of the Resound John
Salter, Prshiedmy of Salisbury—The Rev. G. A. Bieder-
man, M. Ae-rdsoor of Dauntsey, Wilts, to Maria, third
daughter tills Young, Esq. of Crowbeidge.
DlNll4—.llr. H. F. Wilmot, solicitor, of Salisbury.—
airman, 87.—Tbe Rev. M. Williams, of Ald.
4w.—D. Gillingham,
E. of Canfield House, near
William Buyer. Esq. Aldernuus of Shaftes.
baryo-Mr. 'William Starr, of Bonham Cottage. Warmin.
.ster.—ln Lmndpoet Terrace, Portsmouth, Mrs. Jenkins.—
At the Isle of Wight, 56, E. Roberts. Esq. Commander,
R.N.—Mrs. Perris Cole, nearly 100 years,of Southwark.—
Miss Mary White, of Southwark, daughter of the late T.
White, Esq. of Portsmouth.—At Lymington, 70, Mrs. Ab.
nutty, relict of John Ahmutty, Esq.—At Crawley, 40, the
Rev. H. T. Dampier, eldest son of the late Mr. Justice
Dampier.
PAISLEY ADVERTISER, MAT 28.

COMMON 000 D.—Wednesday, at the sale of the Com-
mon Good of Edinburgh, at which the Hon. the Lord
Provost and Magistrates resided—
The Dais of Let 1830 at 1831
Ladles and Mu!tura, &c £lB4O brought £2130
Of Markets . . . 400 505

Butter and Cheese - • 260 ... 210
Washing Rouse in the Green . 180 ... 170
The Pontage of the Okl and New Bridges 2600 ... 3030
An order-was transmitted, on the 19th inst. per post to
Manchester.; it was executed on the 20th, sent of per rail-
way, and shipped per steamer, at Liverpool on the 21st, and
delivered in Glasgow on the morning of the 23d.
David Gibson, one of the policemen who was maltreated
by the mob In the late riots, died in the Royal Infirmary on
Sunday se'nnight.—Refisslourgh Atonal.
KrantEmutm—Trade is at present In a Miry miserable
state in this district. The weaving of brown linens (which
constitutes the chief employment of the Inhabitants) has
seldem beos so greatly reduced. It is with the mamas
difficulty that work can be obtained, and, even then, 6s. or
6s. per weer, is all that the poor weaver can calculate upon,
after labouring 14 ex 15 hours a.day. •
About a fortnight ago, a cat, at No. 62, Mces.street, which
used to bring *forth only four or five kittens at a blab,
brought forth only one ; end having too great a quantity of
nourishment for her solitary offspring, she felt rather at a
loss how to get quit of it. Thursday morning she caught an
unweaned rat, took it carefully to her lodging place, and corn.
pelled it to assist the kitten in relieving her of her superflu-
ous store. The rat made no objections, and performs its duty
with much greater fidelity than some other rats that we
could name, and Pussy resists all attempts ott removal or

molestation'.
!anise Coiw.—The warm and dry weather which we
have had of late, has proved highly favourable to this
newly introduced plant. Mr. Henderson has planted par-
cels of it at three different periods, allowing ten days to in-
tervene between each, and all three parcels are thriving
well. Two gentlemen from America, who have had the
management of hundreds of acres, declare that they never
saw the plant at the same age look more promisingly. He
intends to plant some more on the first of June, and will
thus have given it a fair trial at the various times of plant-
ing usually recommended.
GLASGOW Bannne.—We observe from the Glasgow
that the old and new bridges of Glasgow were let on iedilday last, at 30301 this is 5701. more than they let
de in 1830, and is double of what they yielded not many
pin ago. This increase of revenue enables the trustees to
pass en in the introduction of improvements, and we arc
happy to find that they are determined not to be remiss in
their duties. The speedy rebuilding of the Broomielaw
bridge is resolved on.
hesubordinadon and starvation are combining their fatal
anemia, in rendering the Western parts of Ireland misers.
bla. Letters lately received from that country, state that the
starving peasantry in the county of Mayo are now, as their
last romans, gathering in crowds to the potato gardens, and
there grubbing out of the ground the seed potatoes, from the
produce of which their existence in the next year was to be
derived. They are driven in their hunger to devour this
seed : they destroy every prospect of a future crop: and
thus, in their frightful extremity, they are sowing the ale.
meats of all that can afflict humanity for another, and that
not distant season.
Kito's Parssiso Orrice.—The late Overseer at the
King's Printing Ogles, Mr. M'Arthur, who died about five
years ago, held that situation for a period of nearly twenty
years. He came to town from his native country (Scotland)
with scarcely a shilling in his pocket, and, although the
salary was, at first, only 3001. a year, (which, we believe,
was during the latter part of his life increased to 5001.) he
died possessed of property to the amount of thirty-tour
thousand pounds 1 He had the privilege of taking no less
than thirty apprentices, which he very naturally availed him-
self oft and those persons who have any knowledge of Par-
liamentary printing, are well aware of the great advantages
to be derived from such a prolific source. It may be here
observed, that if a servant possess such extensive means of
accumulating property, what may be the gains of the master),
The William Captain Hunter, sailed from Bert.
wick on Sunday see:might, for Quebec, with one hundred
and forty men and women, and ninety-two children, who
intend to settle h: British America.
Gzxzw. ASSZIKHLY, May U.—The ease, which has
already excited so much interest, came on for discussion in
the Assembly to-day. It came before the Court upon a
dissent and complaint by Mr. Wylie of Cariuke, as a meta-.
ber of the Synod of Glasgow and Ar, and upon appeals by.
Mr: Stork of Roseneath, and Mr. Campbell of Row, agahult
a sentence of the Synod of Glasgow and Ayr, affirming o,
sentenoe of the Presbytery of Humberto% whereby a libel,
at the Instance of certain parishioners if Row against Mrs
Campbell was found relevant. The kierenbly•house was
crowded to excess, there being air owe than a. thou.
sand persons in it. The Lad High Gsmioslentr's knee
and the gallery were filled with bias,. Wilt% heft an early
hour in du morning, bad been in attendance for admission.
into the Church.
The different parties in the ass being then called, Doctte
M`Knight read the libel as follows :
" Mr. John M'Leod Campbell, Minister of the Goval
at Row, you are indicted and accused, this seventh day
of September, eighteen hundred and thirty, by the subscrib-
ers, heads of families, and inhabitants of the said parish,
That albeit the doctrine of universal atonement and par-
don through the death of Christ, as also the doctrine
that assurance is of the seance of faith, sod necessary to
salvation, are contrary to the Holy Scriptures, and to the
Confession of Faith, approves by the General Assemblies
of the Church of Scotland, and ratified by law in the year
sixteen hundred and ninety ; and were morever condemned
by the filth act of the General Assembly held in the year
seventeen hundred and twenty. as being directly opposed to
the word of Gon, and to the Confession of Faith and Cate-
chisms of the Church of Scotland : Yet true it is and of ve-
rity, that you the said Mr. J. M'Leod Campbell, hold awl
have repeatedly promulgated and expressed the foressid doe.
trines from the pulpit, or rather places from which you deli.
vered discourses, as also in conversation, in your addresses to
communicants at the celebration of the Lord's Supper, and
also in our ministerial visitations of families, within
your : In so far as, on various occasions, du.
dog course of the last twelve months, you, the
soli Mr. John 10,Leod Campbell, have declared that
eon has forgiven the sins of all mankind whether they be-
lieve it or not : That in consequence of the death of Cuanr,
the sins of every individual of the human race are forgiven.
That it is sinful and aburd to pray for an interest in CHRIST,
below all sesokied have an interest in CHRIST already.
And that no mei lea Christian unless he is positively assured
et own ealiallep.”
Iles spoils themes which follow are set forth under ten
Mimi bask In the libel. The charges connected with
hiseTESil doctrine of universal atonement, are principally
d the two follow/fig counts
y. You, the said Mr. John it,Leod Campbell, in
a sermon preached by yea at Row, is the eighth day of
Jay eighteen hundred aid thirty, in peessoce of the Pra.
=of Dumbartes,volp the day ea which the said
ray held a .viebrieu it the poi* it
aew, i.ena sem et &well
:led
the sizilittspot
or at lemt tie saw
aiitilar inalraialisediney, vb. That be alone hese the-
'cliseecter OITA.: who knew, dirt Christ died for
e_v_ey htunau ' And again, in s= ate love of
(clash you ma, t that love to every of Adam's
folk was equal or according to the again et the Sow of
Got) : ' And again, in speaking of theweeds ln the fifth
chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, Blessed. are they that

mourn,' you said,' that the causes of this motnniag we
not within the believer, his sins having been taken away,
bat they existed outwordly in the unbelief and sinfulness of
the world.'
" Thirdly, You the said Mr. John 9PLeod Campbell,
in a Sermon preached by yea in the School-house at Helm.
burgh, on one of the days of the math of October down
hundred and tweety-ainernsed the following expulsions te
exs• ions of a shah" import and tendency, giddied
‘That it was gross error in the modern preachers of ens:
gelical doctrines—to maintain that the reason why exi,
were not happy in the enjoyment of it was, that they wool'
not allow themselves to be persuaded that they were wad.
nually in a state of reconciliation;' And again, s That
the only cause why a man should at any time be sorrow.
ful, was regret or &malefaction at himself, for not believing
himself to be in a state of favour with (ion t' And agate,
' That by the death of Came, all mankind were put into
a state of pardon, or in that state in which (lon was net
imputing their sins to them, and that the continued belief
of this fact was all that was necessary to constitute the faith
of the gospel.' "
Parties being removed, the Assembly confirmed the ten.
tense of the Presbytery and Synod, as to the relevancy of the
libel; and afterwards proceeded to the consideration of the
proof. Mr. Carlyle, Counsel for Mr. Campbell, addressed
the assembly at considerable length. The discussion wee
continued till halt:past six o'clock this morning. Two re
dons were made, both condemnatory of the new and heretical
doctrine taught by the Rey. appellant, but they differed to
so far that the one was only for suspension sine die,' while
that of Dr. Cook went the length of deposition. On the roll
being called, the vote stood for the latter motion, 119 to 6.

SIXTENCII Or DIPOSITION TUE KODZIAIOII.
It is now any painful duty—painful indeed beyond cares.
sion, to pronounce the solemn and deliberate judgment of the
General Assembly, in the name of the Goo Java Cent;
the sole King and Head of this Church, and, by virtue
the power and authority committed to ham, I do now is
lemnly depose Mr. John M'Leed Cam Minister of tie
Parish of Row, from the office of the hilly ministry, prat.
biting and discharging him from exercising the same, or sty
part thereof, in all time coming, under the Os of the highest
censure of the church; and I do hereby &dare the Church
and Parish of Row vacant, from enchain the day and du
of this sentence.

May 25.—The assembly next proseeded to the ease of
Mr. M‘Lean, presentee to the parish of Dreghorn, in the
presbytery of Irvine.
The libel against Mr. 11PLean charged him with having,
on four different occasions, taught the heretical doctrine en
the peccability of Christ—that the Saviour was only kept
from sinning by his hypostatical union, or his union with the
Holy Ghost. Mr. objected to the reLvancy of the
libel, and denied having uttered the language attributed to
him. The Presbytery of Irvine, however, found the first,
second, and fourth charges not proven. Upon appeal to the
Synod of Glasgow and Ayr, the sentence was affirmed, and
a remit made to the General Assembly. From this sentence
Mr. M‘Lean again appealed. There was also an appeal from
the libellers against that part of the sentence which found
the three charges not proven.
After Mr. Mure bud been heard in support of the libel,
and Mr. Carlyle in defence of the appellant, Mr. Smith of
Kilmarnock addressed the Assembly at considerable length
in support of the libel.
Dr. Forbes, 'after some observations on the case, con.
eluded by a motion—That the Assembly affirm the unto*
of the Synod of Glasgow and Ayr, and deprive Mr.
If. B. Dl4Lan of his licence as a preacher of the Church
of Scotland ; Find that be cannot be ra -ave‘ as presentee
to the parish of Dreghorn ; and instruct the Presbytery of
Irvine to intimate this to the patrons of the parish, that the
vacancy may be supplied in due time.
Dr. Lee seconded the motion. The Rev. Doctor con.
shirred the error now under their consideration as worse
than the first.

After some remarks by iDr. Cook and the Protium,
the motion was unanimously agreed to.
[Mark, Reader—We extract the above literally ham
much more of such precious stuff. It is no tale of the Sat.
bonne ! No revival from a Chronicle of the Twelfth Ca.
tury—but a curiosity of our own age ! and the greatest that
we have been called on to print for many years.]
GLASGOW GSAIN MARKS'S, MAT 28.—There has bus
more business doing in Oats, at a small advance in price
No alteration in other descriptions of grain;—Wheat, Bh
dab, old, (per 2401ba.) 34s to 365; Ditto, new,2Bs to 3C
Quids fret, 31s to 325; Irish diuo, 210 to 31s.
bids, (psTillebs.) 20s to 22s 6d; British, ditto,2ll to.
Barley, tiosesh, (per 3201 b.) 28a to 30e; Irish, 24s to `.
Foreign, No Ss 275. Beans, English, icer 26016142 h
Mk 6d ; Sandi, 20s to 21s; Pease, in*, ditto, 20.
1111 s. Ocaftweal, a boll, 1491 b. 1& 6d to 21s. Flour, a r
et 'Albs. 30s tabu.

PAiscsr, MAT 11.--04 Nomi per lbd to IN;
Ditto, English, 17d. Permed dluo 16d to I7d. Balky.
meal ditto 14d. Qurions Loaf 8d to Od. New Ow
per lb. bd to fod ; Old ditto 7d. Potatoes per peck t.
Beggs per dozen 8d to 7d. Fresh Butter lid to lid
Powdered ditto Ild; Salt Butter &I to M. Beef C'
per lb. &I tt, 9d ; Beef for roasting ditto &I to 7d;
fot boiling ditto 4d to Bd. Mutton per lb. bd to 7d. V(
ditto 3d to Bd. Shoulder Haws per stone 114 to 8. &I.
MARRIED.—At Craigends, William Bursar,
banker, Edinburgh, to Miss Lillian Cunningbame,d
of the late John Cunninghame, Esq.
DIED.—At Montreal, R. Hunter, Esq.
chant in Greenock.—.At London, Andrew Robert
Esq. youngest son of General Dunlop.

PaTicaLsp.—On Wednesday last, a emu._
able sensation was produced here by the appearance of
livaty skoktots, who had deserted from a caravan which hi
been exhibiting at some fairs in the neighbourhood. 111
poor attenuated being is a boy of 17 or 18 years of age,
most miserable appearance, who had sprung up, like the b
ears of corn in Pharaoh's dream, thin, withered, and blast
by the east wind, at the village of Auchtertool, and, it
said, had been sold by his unnatural mother to these him
ant showmen fur the sum of 151. a transaction at once inht
man and illegal. The wretched victim of this inhuman('
seems to have suffered worse than the horrors of African 11
very, and was:nearly committing suicide after he was mks
by cutting his throat, rather than return to confinement wit
his captors; it was only by their persuading: hint that the
intended to convey him to his mother that they got hit
cajoled into a chaise, in which they Immediately drove
to Leven again to place hint in his cage. The argumel
often used to palliate the system of our colonial alertly, tb
the slaves are well used and well fed, ins no place in di
case of mother country slavery, as this poor della°
banes is shewn off in contrast with an immensely fat coo
panlon, who is gorged with every delicacy to enlarge his d
mensions, while the poor skeleton is stinted to such allot
ante as to produce the greatest emaciation, and the utml
tenuity the Inman frame is capable of thus meeting;
addition to confinement and starvation, the torments
Tantalus, In seeing his huge companion crammed with I
choicest viands, while even the crumbs that fall from b
table are denied him, lent he should look fairer and fatfi
This is a case calling for the interference of the authorial
as it is most likely this unhappy being will be driven by sal
usage to insanity or suicide.—Fije Herald.

BIRTHS.
Saturday, the Kith inst. at Neweastle.upon-Tyllet 11
lady of Lieut.-Colonel Power, R.A. of a dau3hter.
The 22d ult. at Ardglass, the lady of Capt. H. He
a daughter.—The 30. h ult. in Hi'better, the lady O.
W. Patten, Esq. of a daughter.—The 29th ult. In
Ann-street, the lady of W. J. Blouson, Esq. of a sou.

MARRIED.
The 19th ult. at Carlsruhe, Grand Duchy of k.
Capt. Drummond, late of the lIM Highlanders, heir
sumptive to the Earldom of Melfort, iu Scotland.

DIED.
The 30th ult. at Upper North-pace,
Hornby, Esq. in the 71st year of his age.—a-= 19121
his veddence, Chapei.suset, Lissoa-green, T. SeaveleY,
•
late of the Stock Exchange, aged 85.—At Reading•
shire, on the 25th ult. Anne, widow of the deceased .11
Morison, Esq. late Assistant-Surgeon East labor Cnalr
seevios.--The 30th oh. Thema, wife of J. E. Pears"
of Howard-aireet, Shcfilehl.—The 30th nit. in the 58th ,
of her age, Mrs. Ginger, wife of Mr. John Ginger, Alli!
road, Camberwell—The 30th ult. la the 11th yew of
age, W. Cornfield, jun. Eq. of guseiswood,
Kent.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BEL
MORROW.
Morning

Lox ow Printed sod rablloboi by ions blgrws. ul
ISA% Orrzet, No. 1, Pickett-Owe, Temple SU'

the cr
, tieeir
pn io
• charm
their I
expel
yourif

No alteration in otls;r descriptions of grain ;—Wheat,'Bri.
tisk old, (per 2401b5.) 34. to 365; Ditto, new,.2Bs to 31,
Canada free, 31s to 325; Irish diuo, 214 to 31s.
Irish, (per 2641 b a.) 20s to 22s 6d; British, ditto, 211 to
Barley, Scotch, (per 3201 b.) 28s to 395; Irish, 24s . to
Foreign, 24s to 275. Beans, English, (per 260Ib1.)211
12s fid ; Scotch, 20s to 211; Pease, Diu*, ditto, 20s
225. Ooatmeid, a boll, 1491 b. 18, 6d to 21a. Flour, a
of 2801bs. 501 to 545.
PAISLST, MAY 28.—Oatussal per peck 15d to led,
Ditto, English, 17d. Pealespeal ditto I to 17d. Barley
meal ditto 14d. Qaartern Leaf &I to 9d. New Cb
per Ib. 5d to 6d ; Old ditto 7d. Potatoes per peck I
Eggs per dozen 6d to 7d. Fresh Butter lid to 111
Powdered ditto 11d; Salt Butter Sd to 10d. Beef
per lb. Gel to 9d; Beef for roasting ditto &I to 7d;
for boiling ditto 4d to Bd. Mauna pee lb. Id to 78. V
ditto 3d to Bd. Shoulder Hams per Mina W
MARRIED.—At Craig.nds, Will s. /km,
banker, Edinburgh, to Miss Lillias Cunninghswo
of the late John Cunningharne, Esq.
DIED.—As Montreal, R. Hunter, Esq.
chant in Greenock.—At London, Andrew Robert
Esq. youngest son of General Dunlop.
PATH 11 EA Wednesday last, a no
able sensation was produced here by the appearing. d e, •
tiring skeleton, who had deserted from a caravan whisk
been exhibiting at some fairs in the neighbourhood.
poor attenuated being is a boy of 17 Or 18 Yearn of
most miserable appearance, who had sprung up, like the
ears of corn in Pharaoh's dream, thin, witWind.eed
by the east wind, at the village of Auchterted, Mai 11
said, had been sold by his unnatural mother In this
ant showmen for the sum of 151. a transaction et am
man and illegal. The wretched victim of de. Inhu
seems to have suffered worse than die beermsaf African
very, and was'nearly committing suicide after he was tak
by cutting his throat, rather than return to confinement wi
his captors; it was only by their persuading: hint that
intended to convey him to his mother that they got hi
cajoled into a chaise, in which they immediately drove
to Leven again to place him in his cage. The argum
often used to palliate the system of our colonial blavety,
the slaves are well used and well fed, has no plate in
case of mother country slavery, as this poor rickle
banes is shewn of In contrast with an immensely fat
panlon, who is gorged with every delicacy to enlarge his
mensions, while the poor skeleton is stinted to such alio
AUX as to produce the greatest emaciation, and the utm
tenuity the Inman frame is capable of thus suffering;
addition to confinement and starvation, the torments
Tantalus, In seeing his huge companion crammed
choicest viands, while even the crumbs that fall from
table are denied him, let he should look fairer and fat
This is a case calling for the interference of the &stilton
as it is most likely this unhappy being will be driven by
usage to insanity or suicide.—Fije Herald. with
IMINIMMENNSIIER
BIRTHS.
Saturday, the 28th inst. at Newauitlempoe-Tymi
lady of Lieut.-Colonel Power, ILA. of a daughter. The 22d ult. at Ardglass, the lady of Capt. H. Rem,
a daughter.—The 30,h ult. in Hill-strer, the lady O.
W. Patten, Esq of a daughter.—The 29th ult. In Q
Ann.strect, the lady of W. J. Blouson, Esq. of a son.
MARRIED.
The 19th ult. at Carlsruhe, Grand Duchy of
Capt. Drummond, late of the 113 d Highlanders, heir
sumptive to the Earldom of Mellon, hi Scotland.
DIED.
The 30th ult. at Upper North-plane, Gray's.
Hornby, Esq. in the ;Ist year of his age.—The 19th ult
his residence, Chapel.street, Lisaon.grcen, T. StaveleY.
late of the Stock Exchange, aged 85.—At Reading,
shire, on the 25th ult. Anne, widow of the deceased .1
Morison. Esq. late Asaistant.Sorgeon East India Cam
service.--The 30th ult. Theresa, wife of J. E. Pears"
of Howard-street, Bhcfileltl.—The 30th ult. in the 58th
of her age, Mrs. Ginger, wife of Mr. Jobs Ginger. A
road, CamberwelL—The 30th ult. in the 34th year of
age, W. Caulfield, jun. Esq. of Burriswona, 01°°'
Kent.
HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE T
MORROW.
Morning .. 3e. 24it. I Afternoon ....... sn.
Lostpow : Printed and rebßobed by Jona al•Tir Z. st
STA* Orricx, No. 1, Piclett.place, Temple By
