97. A law which they must at mite enact shall designite the
manner of forming these legislatures wheith they ate not 'greedy
ristablished.
2S. The exectidvepowers must be confided for a limited time.
29. The judicial power shall be exercised by seek tribunals as the
respective Unions shall prescribe.
50. The &ateConstltutions cannot oppose the general Constitution.
31. They may organize provisionally their internal Government.
59. No state criminal shall receive an asylum in any other State.
33. No State shall impose taxes on imports or exports unless where
necessary to carry into effect their Inspection Laws.
34. Neither shall they establish any duty on tonnage, nor keep
troops or ship of war in time of peace, or treat with any other
State or foreign Power, nor engage in any war unless In case of
actual invaiion or imminent danger.
35. The Nation will protect civil liberty, property, and equality,
according to law.
36. The Federal Government acknowledges the debts of the na,
tion already contracted. The Convtitution General guarantees to
each State a Republican form of Government. Each State shall
be obliged to support the Federal Union.
37. Wanner of amending the Constitution.
38. The execution of this instrument is referred to the Supreme
Executive Power.

QUARREL WITH ALGIERS.
PORTSMOUTH, FEBRUARY 29.
Monday last his Majesty's brig Camelion arrived
from Algiers, last II om Falmouth, where she landed the
dispatch from the Hon. Captain Spencer, which ap-
peared in last Saturday night's Gazette. The arrival of
the Camelion at this port enables us to correct several
mistatements which have. been made relative to bet
visit, with the Naiad, to the port of Algiers. The spe-
cific object which induced our Government to order
these ships thither was, to demand from the Dey satis-
faction, or an apology, for having made an' attack on,
and broken open, the house of Mr. Macdonald, our Con-
sul, in order to search for and take away two of his ser-
•ants, who are Cabbais, natives of the interior, against
whom the Dey had commenced a war of extermination
Capt. Spencer was also to demand permission for our
Consul to hoist the British colours on the Consular
Town-House, as a protection of himself and family from
unprovoked insult. Captain Spencer, on his arrival at
Algiers, found two Spanish vessels in the Mole, which
had just been captured by the Algerine corvette Tri-
poli, and the crews of which' were destined to slavery.
Captain Spencer, therefore, with the most praiseworthy
feeling, made the case of these poor captives a part of
his demands to the Dey, agreeably to the Esmond!
Treaty, which renounced the right of the Dey to this
inhuman practice over Christian subjects. Captain
'Spencer having waited four days for the Dey's reply to
his demands, became apprehensive for the safety of the
Consul and his family ; he, therefore,_as a stratagem to
get them on board, gave out that he,meant to give a
dejeuni a la fourchefte, and accordingly sent invitations
to the Consulate, and all the merchants and Europeans,
on shore, to honour him with their company. The next
day (the Slst ult.) the Dey'not having made any reply
to the dema&is, Captain Spencer made the signal for
the Camelion to get under way, and he left the Bay,
with all his pretended guests, on board the Naiad.
—Whilst the ships were working our of ,the bay, the
Algerine corvette which had captured the two Spanish
vessels before alluded to, was espied close under the
land, running for the Mole, which anchorage she would
have reached, had not the Camelion instantly laid her
on board, when Lieut. Bag Well, at the head of a patty
of the Camelion's crew, resolutely jumped into the
main chains, followed by the second Lieutenant, Master,
and• the remainder of the crew, excepting about ten
men, who, after having killed seven, and wounded twelve
of the Algerines, drove the remainder below, and
captured the Tripoli corvette, of 18 guns, and 100 men,
in fine style. The crew of the Naiad, (which ship was
outside of the bay), observing the gallant efforts of the
Camelion, manned the rigging, and gave three cheers,
at the moment of boarding. Captain Spencer took out
the captain, but the corvette, being in a leaky state and
disabled by the fire she had sustained both from the
Naiad in passing her, and the Camelion, was abandoned.
Captain Spencer proceeded to Malta, to apprise the
Commander-in-Chief (Sir Harry Neale) of what had oc-
curred, and he dispatched the Camelion to England,
with the result of his communication to the Dey. It.
was observed, that the Algerines bad considerably
strengthened their weak points ; the Crown and the
Seraglio batteries, in particular. They tried the effect
Of their shells, from one of the batteries nearest to the
Camelion, whilst she was attacking the corvette, but
she was at too great a distance (about four miles) to
receive any harm from them. When the Camelion
sailed (on the Ist instant), the Algerine squadron was
at sea, cruising against the defenceless Spaniards.

THE EVENING► STAR.

LON DON.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1824.
THE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

- -
Consols opened this morning at 93i, 3, and soon after Wards were
done at 94, but again declined to 974, for the Account ; and for
Money 9.41, e, with a very brisk Market, and a great deal of boil-
ing; doing, particularly in the Money Market, for tomorrow.
The Express from Paris brings the French Reines, at three
o'clock on Saturday, at 100 f. 80c. and at four o'clock, HALL 95c„--
Spanish 24i.

ron ETC N FUNDS.
The Market opened this morning in Mexican Scrip-74 to 8
ar..! went up to 91. There was also some business in most of the
Foreign Securities.
Current Prices:—New Spanish 191. Old 241, Colons. 681 to 69,
Chilian 83Vb New Prussian 961, Old 981, blexiam Scrip 9§ to I,
French Scrip 13, Greek 3% to 1, Russian 97, Austrian 12 to f.

FOREIGN EXCHANGES.
aforsonag, Ft& 24.-06 Landon, 54.6. 36. 9.
Pnissauson, Fut. 9.—On Loads*, 9. i; Paris. 99.
LCIPUC, Fan. 130.,—0n London, I M. 6. sat.
Baum% Frs. iti.—On Lambs. S M. 7. lir
MUTZSDAK, Fan. 27.—Rsthaage es Li/admin. 4. 2 M. 59. 14
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 239 240
3 per Cent. Reduced 94% 34 94
$ per Cent. Cons. 93% 56 54
+ per Cents. Old 102 74 103 10214
4 per Cents. New 107% 108 107 Ya
Bank Long Annuities 231/4 34 3.16.
India Stock 280 279—India Bonds 695. 735. 725.
South Sea Stock 105%
Each. Bills (c. 1,000) 395. 40s. SU—Small 40s. 37ii.
Bank for Acct. 241—Cnnsob for do. 93% 94 93%.

In a preceding column we have given extracts from
the French Pipers of Friday, and we have since re-
ceived the Moldiest,. of Saturday, by Express. It it prin-
cipally occupied with an account of the elections, which
have commenced.
The district or

colleges of Paris, or

tht department of the Seint, are eight in number, and
the candidates propOsed by the Liberals for them, were
General For, the late deputy ; M. LANITTE, the battker;
M. CASSINI It PERaica, the banker; M. BENJAMIN CON..
STA NT, the political writer; M. BENJAMIN DELUSERT,
the banker ; M. Dzwoanz, the author of the work on
Spain ; M. SALL CRON, and M.Titanattx, the great mann-.
facturer. M. CA 581)41LA PERRIER, M. BENJAMIN CON..
STA NT, M. H ERICA et de Mill% M. de LAPANONEK, M.
COCHIN, M. LEROY, M.SA NWT BAGOZNANLT, and Gen.
FOY, have been elected, so that the Liberals have re-
turned three out of the eight Members. In the list of
Members elected in the Departments, the M.niteur is
careful to mark all the cases in which a " Candidat
Liberal" has either gone out, or lost his election ; and,
from this list, it would appear, that none but Ministerial
Members,had been returned, with the exception of M.
MEOW N, and M. de G NA RDIN. All the rest are either
Royalist Candidates, as they are termed, or Presidents
of Colleges, which is all thissarne. The Marquis de la
FAYETTE has lost his election auMeaux, a circumstance
which will give him leisure to visit the United States,
where we find, by the Anierican papers, he is expected
so eagerly, that it is proposed to send a vessel to con•
duct him from the old to the new world.

The Moniteur contains an article from Madrid, dated
the 15th ult. which states as positive, that by the Treaty
signed between France and Spain, the Peninsula is to
be occupied for four years by a French army of 40,000
men. In the same article it is however asserted, that
the " Insurgents" in South America are in a pitiable
state—that their whole navy is confined topne frigate
and two corvettes—that Gen. LETORT actively pressesl
the siege of Monte Video—that he has got reinforce-1
ments from Rio de Janeiro to oppose the independent
forces marching on Monte Video from Buenos Ayres;
chat the 64Insurgents" are besieged in Lima and Callao,
the reduction of which is huuily expected in Cadiz—
and that the Royalist troops in South America form an
effective army of 20,000 men.
We have received by a second Express, Galignanis'
Messenger of Saturday. An article from Corfu, gives
an interesting accoutit of the funeral of General MAIM.
LAND, who is l, u. ied in the same bastion, at Malta, where
the ashes ofhisgreat countryman General Anzacnomay
repose. The Algerines are said to have been successful
in carrying off some rich individuals from .Malaga.—
The following are extracts :
FROM °ALIGN NI'S MESSENGER.
PARIS, FEBRUARY 28.
Yesterday the King took an airing to Saint Cloud.
A Council of Ministers was held yesterday, at the
house of Marshal Lanriston.
We learn by letters of the 14th inst. from Copenhagen,
that Prince Fred. Christian is dangerously indiposed.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM CORFU, DATED JAN.3I.
The intelligence of Sir Thomas Maitland's death
reached us on the 24th, and was received by the lonians
with the utmost sorrow and regret, for they certainly
loved and respected him. We understand that his re-
mains were buried in the same bastion, at Malta, which
contains the ashes of the memorable Sir Ralph Aber-
cromby. In the Greek churches a Katafalscr was raised
to bis honour, and- regular funeral ceremonies per-
formed, amongst which the oration most deserving was
remarkable for the effect it had on the hearers; I send
you a translation : the orator was Count Sparadin Bul-
gar i, a nobleman of one of the first families in Corfu.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM GENOA OF TH‘I2TU INST.
Positive intelligence has just been received, that se-
veral armed vessels with signals of war have sailed from
the port of Algiers, and that their crews, previous to
their departure, announced openly that they were
going to chase all Spanish vessels they could meet with.
The Algenne populace thronged to the port in crouds,
to witness the departure of the vessels, and bailed them
with repeated cheers; the barbarians boast, that they
w ill soon chase the vessels of other nations, from which
they expect valuable booty.
MADRID, FEBRUARY 16.
An Act of Amnesty has been circulated, but since
withdrawn, according to some, in consequence of re-
presentations of the French Ambassador, and according
to others, in consequence of the advice of a Council of
Ministers of the four great Continental Powers. We
are assured that the Act will shortly appear, and that
the exception of his Majesty's clemency will be nomi-
nal. A Convention has been concluded between the
French and Spanish Governments, in virtue of which
France will have a free trade to the Havannah for a
certain time.
A multitude of rumours are in circulation. 'lt is said
that some Algerine vessels have effected a landing near
Malaga and Montril, where they have made a rich
booty, and carried off some of the wealthy individuals. It
is rumoured that upon the same point the English have
disembarked a considerable quantity of arms.
The Roykdist Generals Sempere and -Chambon have
arrived here, in consequence of orders which they re-
ceived to come to the capital to render an account of
the sums they have collected, by levying forced contri•
butions in the provinces under their command.
It is said that the definitive Treaty for the occupation
of Spain has been signed. For four years 40,000 men
`will remain in the country, and the Spanish Govern-
ment will pay France 200,800 francs per month, which
will form the immense amount of ninety-six millions.
By a Decree of the King of the Netherlands, dated
Feb.lo, the Regency of Brussels has been re-organized.

This forenoon we received Hamburgh Papers to the
24th ult. Brussels to the 27th, and Dutch Journals one,
day later. The following are extracts:
BERLIN, FEBRUARY 21. •

The diplomatic correspondence between France and
Russia appears to be more frequent, and of a more im-

portasit Ware than formerly. M. de
cretary to the embassy here, and Baron
'also attached to the legation, have ar6
Couriers from St. Petersburgh. The
Tiolier is gone to St. Petersburgh ; M.
Russian Courier, has also arrived from St.
The State and the Army have suffered
loss by the death of his Excellen,cy Count
Wittenburgh, the senior Lieutenant• General
sian army, and one of the illustrious
during the late war.

ST. PETERSBURGH, FSBRUA,
His Majesty has conferred the Order of
first class, on the Prince of Mingrelia, Tariel
Several Officers in the inferior tribunals
vernment of Woronesch, who had been
pressive treatment of peasants who had
the Jewish faith, have been deprived of
order of the Emperor ; and the Clergy,who
part in these proceedings, have been orch
superior tribunals to be punished.
31. Von Kapuist, Counsellor of State,
greatest Russian poets of our time, died
estate in South Russia, in his 68th year.
CHRISTIANIA, FEBRUAR'
The Gazelle contains the usual exposits
jesty to the Norwegian Diet, on the state
,ration of the kingdom since September, '
SMYRNA JANUARY 15.
The Ipsariots continue to hover, with
about the coasts of Curabournou,•and
Last week, two of them endeavoured to,
with Greeks and Turks on board near
presence of a French ship of wir, the c,
would not permit such an act of aggression
of his cannon, and the Mistics were for

Another Turkish boat was less fortunal
near a European ship of war, which sent
to save it, but they could not overtake the
was favoured by the wind, and got" into
prize. A short time before this, Meet
40 men near Sanderti, with the intention
a rich Turk in his country house, for wt
hoped to obtain a considerable sum.
met with unexpected resistance, and vA
treat, having one man killed, and two sew!
SCIO, JANUARY 6.
About SO Ipsariot vessels are alway►
some at anchor, some under sail, and ff
they take prizes. A few days ago, at
united, it was thought they were goinl
landing on some part of the island.
SMYRNA, JANUARY
(FROM THE ORIENTAL SPELT
Two parties divide Hydra; at Spezzia
keeps the people more under restraint.
island where there is most order and
most of the islands the people are exhat
a great many of the inhabitants debit,
Hydra has sent two Deputies to a .
deavour to contract for a Loan (England,
Loan lies been negotiated). It is said '
friend of the Greeks has given them
mendation. According to the turn
Hydra may separate itself from the cal
neat. It proposes to declare all the
dent, to recal the Eparchs, and leavr
liberty to choose its own form of Gov(
fix by agreement the amount of the contrib'
paid to the chief island. In this manner
Republics would start tip all at once.
FRANKFORT, FEBRUA:
The Austrian Obcerver has news from
of 26th January, which is in substance
M. Minziacky arrived on the 22d,
by the Officers of the Reis Effendi wi
Mustapha Pacha, of Widdin, is appoit
of the greai Army intended against
is to be increased to 80,000 men. H_
out delay to Larissa. The naval preparations
ried on with great activity. There
arsenal last night, which would ha
consequences had not the Captain P.? t
dinary exertions. Three corn magazines,
which was full, were burnt.
The Vice-Admiral in the Dardanelh
suffering Greek privateers to come neat
third Admiril is appointed to take hi
dered, with ten vessels, to reinforce
Straight.
The treaty with Persia is not ratified,

Porte nor any foreign Legations ha
cial account of new differences between
or of a battle on the frontiers. Several
among whom is the Russian banker,
ceived permission to return to the Cap
French Charge d'Affaires, lately died '
eighty-five; he was the senior of the
here, having been in the service sixty,

The Madrid Gazeik of the 19th
ere; which, though of little interest
extremely important to Spain, if thr
of its being executed, or any certain
maintain its place for half a year in
of FERDINAND• his no less than an
order to the Royal Treasury, direct '
ing the public revenue, and to fix ,
tribution over the different provinces
It will be quite sufficient for our
mention that the fundamental princii
to abolish all the Regulations of 1
Government—to repeal even the dm,
Government, durin,4 the ministry '
RAY. in 1817—and to restore everything
footing, anteceden, to that period.

nS: eonl3°G
artt arrived
TP:wdhaereueegdut et:e n
t. r;s Is‘inbeges4i urkerni erni°g: dioahera:f:.
I another severe
16
eral in the Prus-
ts commanders
IRY 6.
St. Anne of the
ariel Dadianow,
nab of the Go.
n guilty of ep.
ad gone ovet to
F their posts by
who had taken a
tiered before the
ate, one of the
ed lately on his
It 9.
ition of his Mt-
lte and adminis-
, 1822.
s.
ith their Minks,
nd in our gulf.
scapture a vessel
✓ Clazomene, in
captain of wilicis
ision within reach
rced to retire.
nate, being taken
ent °tit two boats
the Mastic, which
Ito Ipsara a ith its
Mistics landed
ion of surprising
',hose ransom they
. They however
were ft)rced to re-
severely wounded.
rs in the cha: nel;
from time to time
as they were all
:fling to make a
19.
a'ATOR.)
sezzia the Senate
int. Ipsara is the
Id unanimity. In
hausted or uneasy;
re a change.
rich Power, to en.
:zeglend, where ihe
that a well known
a letter of recom-
that things take,
cause of the Conti-
he islands indepen-
re each of them at
;government, and to
contributions to be
inner a nursery for _
RY 24.
rom Constantinople
ice as follows :
, and was received
with great honours.
ointed Commander
I the Morea, which
He is to repair with.
reparations are car-
re was a fire in the
tie had most fatal
Etacha used extraor•
;mines, only one of
elks is dismissed for
near the forts. The
tis place, and is or-
the squadron in the
fled, but neither the
Lye received any offi-
een the two Powers
✓eral exiled Greeks,
er, Danesi, have re.
M. Ruffen,
ed here at thiage of
le diplomatic corps
ty-eight years.
h ult. contains a de•
est to us, would be
here was any chance
tainty that it would
in the Royal resolves
an attempt to restore
a the mode of levy-
the amount of con,
:es of the Kingdom.
r English Readers to
nciple of this plan is
f the Constitutional
ecrees of the absolute
(we believe) of GA•
rything to its ancient
