in;c4o:46siels- lett
id it to bu occur'
tidepperatinii „
I'mM:tined iutirel'

.

• • cle;li

..'

•

ported also, from
Port, a very
his' favour, a..... __ _
much-blood, 'calculating fioin the ~......._ _
ber of killed which he left on the field. Whilst this
was pissing 'on the right, General Hope' attacked
and drove before him all the posts that the enetny*
had in the high road frOm Irun to Bayonne, to which'
his troops approached to near, that they were fired at
from its walls. Night terminated the operations of
this day, and the Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo passed It
in Ustaritz, intending to attack the enemy, who' was
between the Nive and the Adour, the following day.
" Day had not broke on the 10th, when the Duke,
who was in Villafranca, observed that the enemy had
retired from the positions which he occupied the pre-
ceding day, and ordering the troops to advance in
the direction of Bayonne, he began carefully to exa-
mine the enemy's movements, fearing that Marshal
Soult, profiting by the advantages which the bridge
of Bayonne afforded him, and the facility with which
he could pass troops from one side to the other,
should attack our troops from the left of the Nive,
seeing them separated from the right, with which
their communications were very difficult, the roads
having been rendered impracticable by a continual
rain for several days. The event proved what the
Duke feared, as Soult-having passed all his army by
the bridge of Bayonne, attacked, with the utmost
fury, General Hope's troops, and in succession the
-light and fourth divisions. •
- c‘ It must be said to the honour and glory of Eng.
lish valour, and as a proof of its superiority over that
of the enemy, that a brigade of the sth division,
commanded by General Robinson, supported for an
hour and a half, and without losing an inch of ground,
the attack of two enemy's divisions, giving time, by
its heroic resistance, ,for the arrival of other corps,
which immediately attacked, and drove the.enemy.
to the entrenched camp at Bayonne.-
" Not a single shot was tired on, that d'ay on the
right of our army,and nothing of consideration took
place at any other point of it till about half past three
P.M. when the enemy wishing to drive in our piquets,
charged them with very considerable force and drove
them to the position tin occupied on the morning of
the 9th. There he was received 'with the greatest
vigour by the Portuguese brigade, command by Luis
Ile Rigoa, and other English corps, which made him
hastily retire, leaving the field covered with killed.
46 Our loss in the two days may be estimated at
1.500 men. Among the wounded is included the
gallant General Robinson, who on this occasion ac..
quired so much glory.
" At • 9 P.M. of the same day, a German officer
belnngtng to the Nassau regiment, which was in the
enemy's reserve, presented. himself A the advanced
posts of the 4th division, and stated that there were
in the vicinity of the said'division, and in march to
join it, twtibattalions of his corps and the Frankfort
regiment. General Cole adopted all the necessary
means, advanced to meet them, and in less than half
an hour arrived some 1500 of the said three corps,
perfectly cloathed, and as 4ne looking soldiers as can
be imagined.
46 We are ignorant of the information which the
chief of these corps may have given the General in
Chief, aivd only know, that, • informed of the events
which had occurred in Germany, notwithstanding
'the endeavours of the enemy to conceal them ; know-
ing, that after the battle of Leipsic, the different
Princes had separated from the Confederation of the
Rhine, he immediately took his resolution, and de.'
termined to carry it into execution as soon as passi.
ble, and before the enemy should, through any sus-
-picion, disarm him.
" To no one did he crmrnonicate his-resolution ;
•
and on the 10th in the evenin after the action had
terminated, finding himself placed in front of the 4th_
division, to observe its movements, not having at his
side any French battalion, and having received orders',
to retire, he believed the opportune moment had ata
rived, .and drawing his sword, informed his men off`
the events of Europe, and of their positive obligation
to be faithful to their Princes ; proposed to them to;
go over to the English army to be conveyed to Ger-
many, and fight in it for the liberty eche Continent.
All with one accord followed him, and at half-past
nine were already in our lines. They immediately
put themselves in march for Passage, where trans-
ports are ready to conduct them to Germany. They
Were treated by the Duke andthe whole army in that
.manner which so worthy men merit. By this same
'channel we have learned that the enemy's loss on the
10th was very considerable, and that General Vil-
Aate was among the wounded.
44 At present the army forms a curved line that
*Mends from the right of the high road from San
Juan Pie de Port to the sea, across the Nive by Villa-
; franca. The.occurrences of the 11th and 12th have
jaw of very trifling consequence. •
;;;,: fg Every day renders more visible the good results
produced by the means adopted by the Duke relative
to' the country. Now the inhabitants do not aban-
don their houses, knowing theadvantage of remaining
in them, as not even a single ration is exacted from
them ; they can also travel from one. place to another,
with the same security as in Spain. The French
army commit those excesses to which it has been ac-
customed, and their troops carry with them. wherever
they go, the same spirit of destruction and Vandalism
which they have exercised in other countries.
g, On the 18th the enemy attacked with seven di.
visions the 10,000 men who, under General Hill's or-
ders, occupied the road from Bayonne to San Juan
Pie de Port. Thrice did the Vandals attack, and
thrice were they driven back with so horrible a lo.s,
that, according to faithful witnesses, it was nor less
than 5000 men: Ours was almost nothing 1 and the
reason of this extraordinary difference is, that upon
the enemy's furiouslt arriving near the,English line,
and seeing their solfliers immovable, with their bay-
onets fixed. and ready to receive them, far froin at-
tacking, precipitately turned their backs, in which
confusion the English killed them at their pleasure.
Three -• thismperatir e Ifiti in all
talon 3.lnke is
is meditating
..! fourth army
that by block!
-piny acts* the Odour,
- to occupy
Nive."

-7.7. 7

419iMeir4OhelOrwaR1
I gence given by credible p,ersons, arrived from Ant-
werp. W have aliosseen different Officers, who have
e
the /Naas
Ride their escape from thtn; ,
POWs will be nbriced some Intel-
e bringing information
to as late a date as Pte 15th insetnt.' They give us
reason
and -some proof, to thirsk• that the details
abovi ieferred td are. much Coo favourable. They all
estimate the garrison at not less
thin 75,000 met,
inincluding those obtained' from twenty-one ships of the
line With•relarld to provisions, trier produced an
accooni of several arrivals of grain and meat within
the last week, so that in their opinion the magazines
are well supplied, but they will not venture to state
for how long a period. The Allies calculated-upon
being .very noon in possession of Antwerp, until ti.e,
late reintorcemeots were thrown in, which ate stated
by those to amount to 8000 men, principally raw .
recruits. All that is said about the French force tl.4e
WAS to Attack Bred.; refusing to go unless allowed to
pillage, is untrue. No trenches have yet been.opened
by the British •troops or the Allies against Antwerp.
—Two of the oldest shipi of war had been cemented
into immoveable batteries. They have likewise
-brought the following proclamation, which will be
found to contain a more then usual share of French
impudence, and although in some respects it is ingc
niously drawn up; it will be seen that it abounds wit!.
the common places of french chicaneq - •
66 Inhabitants of the good City of 46. ivr.
66 6 I have been sent among yoft lty his Majesty
the Emperor and King, to assist you Ia the iwottc-
tion of your rights and independence, against those
who, under the specious pretext of giaing'you lib/aty,
which you never lost, would reduce you to slaw*
to which you, have never submitted.
His Majesty the Emperor and King is eve,
mindful of the best interests of his taithful subjects.
and there is no city of his empire that has more at-
tracted, or more deserved his attentian and regard,
than Antwerp, Whose inhabitants have ever sheen
their affection to his person, and their attachment to
his Government. When you were told that you
must not only disgracefully lay down your arms, but
resign your Government-that administration under
which you have so long prospered ; when you were
told, by one whose authority has been long since dis-
dained—who, finding himself inadequate to the task
of ruling, has been edup. ated..anew in the school of
Great Britain, that you did not know what it was to
be free—that this city, flourishing as it has done for
the last ten years, -has been reduced to beggary and
ruin, there was not one of you drat couldnot contradict
the assertion and detect the falsehood ; one of those
univorlhy expedients to which England and her Al-
lies-have-scrfnetinies too eueeessinktfresorted,
The usual Upon whiCh that mistaken country
has acted for the List twenty years." of opposition to
every thing useful and excellent, 4s too well known,
and this is but a new instance of theestraeagant folly
of her pretensions. .
66 f I need scarce!) have_assured you, that there is
no city in his dominions
-that has been more an object
of affectionate regard with the Emperor than Ant-
werp. Majesty hitherto has had no tenon to IF.
pent of the regard he has evinced: he feelcconfrdent
that every new instance of fondnest will be repaid by
the gratitude of its citizens, and that it mighrnot be
reduced to the severe netessity of resigning what i;
has hitherto justly held valuable, I have been disc
patched hither, and no exertion will be wanting on
my part to render you every assistance, knowing that
those efforts will be supported afthieconded,hy all the
inhabitants.
66 The recent movements mad.prsent -Intentions
of the enemy are perfectly indicative of his figure
designs. For those who to loudly profess to restore
tranquillity and happiness, it is 'rather an uftforioastit
commencement, to begin by laying deliberate siege
to your walls. The same wise plan was to have been
pursued some years ago -in the attack upon Wad.
cheren, that famous monument and memorial of
British folly and of British impotence; liberty-.and
happiness was then the cry, and to communicate
them, you were to have been bombarded 'and de-
stroyed : you were to have suffered, like the unfortu-
nate port of Flushing, which Great Britain reduced
to ashes, but which the beneficent views of the Em-
peror afterwards re-constructed and re-established.—
Bin you were not to be deceived; you despised these
arts that every gun that was fired belied ; you reT
mained faithful, and, however severe might have been_
your trials, your fidelity would have continued une
shaken. Fur tunately for you, the weakness of Great
Britain and of her Generals, moral and physical, did
not then reduce you to the miseries of a siege. bilis-.
taken policy ! Con:unit-nate folly ! To offer that
which .they could not give to those who .already en-
joyed it ; and because the inhabitants of a city, con-
tented with the more than moderate share of felicity
they partook, would not pike their notions of liberty
from British instructors, "her were to have it forced
upon them at the point of the bayonet, and to endurit
all the calamities of a protracted.siege, to be compen-
sated at last by ruin and slavery) •
." The mode in which the want bars hitherto .
pursued his celebrated plan of liberty and happiness.
during the two last campaigns, will also be an useft4
liidex.—Look, Citizens of Antwerp-t look, fellow
Soldiers ! at the ground over which he hei passed
look at the horrors he has committed in all the MM.,
tries through which he has proceeded. I need not
describe them, since they are now fresh in your me-
mories, never to be forgotten—never to be exceeded
Not contented with the ordinary methods of civilize 4
warfare : not contented with the miseries reqq!ting
from regular campaigns, he calls to his aid Barba.
rians, to whom all countries and all nations are alike
—plunder and devastation are all they seek—whe-
ther from friends, from foes, or from the wretched
inhabitants, is to them almost indifferent. The put-,
suited an enemy is but an excuse for the plunder of a
people; and much more severely do the devoted in-
habitants of a district which these ferocioua savaggs
overrun feel the calamities of war, than even dole
whom they are paid to consider as foes. Is 41ere
rteiirs,
liberty.chese These
throoghout the North of Europe that has been
visited by them in the character of friends, the natiyea
of which
l daughters shhaa have
been stripped I their wive; awl ,
ee
been
en
Cossacks, igto wh
their,
hmudaonliirootsn tremble at the very name of Cossack
ters'oett moaret9rdtefr ach
you is
familiar, jespect of property unknowno and admi-
tahbeasecai o
coees/ u hited• 'rhos la wle p

Three times was ibis operation repeated, ;
three was the success equal. The immqrta
to the zenith of his glory, and probably is
some new plan. He hat a4vanced the fo
and the Flnglish horset'Whicit ;nil-Kites that
ading-itayonne, tuarsihms'his pal acrnsi t
and placing hist cavalry in Paul be is ggiog
, 411 the country between th4t slyer 4nd tie

• A -
fajta Dedielit • • •
Itaut)lo, ind ...*: e • r
nquitVto hitWtiestaibis t
tirely its our powai. 1. Hill
from ihe'll4h road of k itu Juan; I de ligenc
obstinate attack, which :largilinstrd in were:
and which must have Coit•thi ahem), made
, 'calculating fioin the tnnskliiabler to ai
