OF MACHINERY.

" By the Act 7 and 8 Oeo. IV. cap. 30, it is enacted a. follow, :
Sec 2. That if any person shall unlawfully and maliciously set file
any church or chapel, or to any chapel for religious win.lop of to 1.0114
dissenting from the united church of England and Irelte.d. duly segirr-
' tered or recorded, or shall unlawfully and maliciously ,tt fire to any
house, stable, coach-house, outhouse, viarehouse, offer, •.isoi), mil,,
malt house, hop-oast, barn, or granary, or.to any building or erection
used in carrying on any trade or manufacture, or any branch then-4,
whether the same or any of them respectively shall then be in the
session of the offender, or in the p-ssession of any other person, with
intent thereby to injure or defraud any person, every such 4 feud. r
shall be guilty of felony ; und, being convicted thereof, shall sta.r
death as a felon.

" Sec. 8. That if any persons riotously and tumultuously assembled
together, to the disturbance of the public peace, shall unlawfully, roll
with force, demolish, pull down, or destroy, any church or chapel, or
any chapel for the religious worship of persons dissenting hum the
united church of England and Ireland, duly registered or recorded, er
any house, stable, coach-house. outhouse, warehouse, office, shop. mill,
ntalt-house, hop-oast, barn, or granary, or any building or erection used
in carrying on any trade or manufacture, or any branch thereof, or any
machinery, whether fixed or moveable, prepared tOr or employed in any
manufacture or any branch thereof, or any steam engine or o her me
gine for sinking, draining, or working any mine, or any wait'', build-
ing, or erection used in conducting the business of any mine, or any
bridge, wagon-way, or trunk for conveying minerals from any wino,
every such offender shall be guilty of felony, and being convicted there-
of, shall suffer death as a felon.

" Sec. 17. That if any petson shall unlawfully and maliciously set
fire to sny stack of corn, grain, pulse, straw, hay, or wood, every such
offender shall be guilty of felony, and being convicted thereof, shall
suffer death as a felon.•'

MEETINGS OP CREDITORS, BASINGVALL-S7 RE67.

TO-MOR ROW.
H. J. Tborington, Battle-bridge-wharf, builder .
G. L. V. Grey, Dove-court, Old Jewry, eating-house-Leper
A. Bremmer' Colemaa-street, merchant -
J. E. Dix, Lamb's Conduit-street, grocer - -
W. Kickarby, Oxford-street, linen-draper - •
T. Borne and Co. Watling-atreet, warehousemen
W. Machin, Greenwich, grocer - - -
R. Whitley, Great Russell-s,reet, Bloomsbury, carpenter
F. Shatkleford, Andover, Hampshire, drap.r . •
W. and C. Adron, New-road, St. Pancras, marble-masons .
J. Rayner, Red Lion-yard, Ckrkenwell, iron-founder .
T. Brooks, jun. Hunter-street, Brunswick-square, musicsell-r
G. Pea/tett., Peckham, surgeon - - . -
C. Kettell, Tunbridge Wells, brewer - - .
W. Woks*, Rotherhithe medicine vender - - -
S. Fossick, Mut:lord-court, umbrella manufacturer .
J. Brown, Old Kent-road, victualler - .. .
C. Knight, Basinghall-strset, dealer
J. Alewyn, Fenchurch-street, merchant - - -
1 W. Ifackenzle, Regent-street, wine-merchant . -
H. Dayus, Bankside, Southwark, englawer - -
W. Bristow, Milner-terrace, Lambeth, baker -
D. Whitbourn, Darkbouse.lane, Lower Thameustrost, Sam

DIVIDISDI.
A. Oooige, Spital-square,parlour - •
W. R. W. King, Hosierlane, tin-plate-worker
W. Lamprell, Chelmsford, linen.draper
B Warren, Belgrare-place, Pimlico, builder
J. M. Simmons, Lewes, :Fosse:, linen.draper
D. You, Upper Thanks street, lighterman
O. Cowie and Co. PakTnoster-row, booksellers
C. Willett, Brandon, Suffolk, linen.draper -
Extract of a letter from Paris :--•• They relate here a
mood story about the Princess Lieven and Prince Talley-
rand. ' Well, Prince, how is your Revolution going on !'
said she to the great man. ' Revolution ! Restoration, yua
mean, madam: you know it is just what the Emperor Mosso-
ditwished in 1814, and we have happily accomplished his
intentions.' The fair diplomatist bit her lips, and
remained silent,promising to herself to choose a better ground
another time of attacking Prince Talleyrand. The Puchees
de Dino returns to London in a few days. 1 ran hsidlt
credit the story about a treaty having been conclUded
be-
tween the two countries." •
M. Pozzo di Borg°, the ,Russian Ambassador at Paris
was formerly a Member of the famous National Cortfenlinn,
On the 18th of Judi, 1792, be made a Most violent speech
in that nioit violent airenibly, against all the Nottloro
Powire Of Europe, Atom be denoineed me a bead of con-
spirstosii, which had for its object 6' lbw reducing all 1 *rope
to a general slavery." Yet, in 1814. this man came to
Paris as the.mprmentative of the leigue which he had .9
decried—,and ever slice he bai bs*n its very obedient,
servant. M. Poem di Boise was Member for
Corsica.

• 10
• 10
- 11
• 11
• El
