scenes of blood, demanded their independents—will you condemn Irish •
▪ who have fought and bled by your side, when they seek, not by
blood or Mime, but by every jest and lawful means the reiteration
of their Parliment, which was perfidiously taken from them in the
evil hour of divisions, fomented by oar common enemies ? If you laud
the Belgians for separating from the Dutch government, because that
government despbed their wants and wishes, will yen not approve of
us, who have been made the victims of a (*Telma legislature, not seek.
Ins sepamdes, but in a pacific and constitutional manner, calling for
the right of self-government. the only means of affecting a perfect
User list Pest and affection between Great Britain and Ireland? It.
= the Poles for endeavouring, even at tremendous sacrifices,
yens
.8 what was unjustly taken from them—will you refuse to join
es, sot in bloody scenes of domestic warfare, but In passably and ho
embably seeking the repeal of an Union, to which odder the people of
Ingland nor Ireland were ever parties—which was meted by a Mi.
dewy, equally the enemies of both, and curried by mesas the most on.
Net. the most cruel, and the most unceostiratimial?
Friends and brothers—did you ever ask your-elves who were the
amen, who by bribery, blood, and treachery, effected the unnatural
laden ! Do you not know that they were those to whom your country
Its manly indebted for her present unparalleled debt, and consequent
Indiay I The same men who ruined Ireland left eller them In Eng.
lend, the seeds of your destruction, unless thadebt shall be disposed of.
The cause of your political miseries is the want of • reformed Parlia.
went. The cause of our political miseries is in having no Parliament
at all. We have, with you, suffered from the odious, despotic, and tile
sets of an unreformed Parliament in England ; but in addition to this
misfortune, we have received none of the advantages, which even a
corrupt native legislature has given you.
Need we say, that on every ground of right, of justice, and of
berty, the Union should be repealed? Ist—As Union to be just, must
be equal, and to be permanent must be hued spat the mutual inte-
rests of the countries contracting. But the legislative Union of Great
Britain and Ireland has neither distributed justice impartially. nor be.
tests equally; it has to a meat alarming extent increased the manures
of Ireland, and of course, as to her interest, it is out of the question—
therefore, the Union should be repealed.
lid. The Union was not only carried by force, fraud sod deceit, but
alto by the most unconstitutional means, as members of the present
ministry have admitted, and therefore as an act effected by such an.
just and Iniquitous means. it should be repealed.
ad. The Union was proposed by Pitt, Castlereagh, and the govern-
ment of the day, on promises of increasing the wealth. happiness, and
prosperity of Ireland. which promises have been, in every part, shame-
fully violated ; therefore. if It were even a contract, as its essential
conditions have been never complied with, the Union should be re.
pealed.
ea. The Union was carried not only without the consent of the
Irish people, but even in opposition to their voice : therefore, as they
newer were parties to it, it was never binding en them, and as they
am new usenimens in demanding its dissolution, it should be repealed.
Stk. The Odes basset only produced universal misery in Ireland,
but is likely, whilst it continues, to Increase that misery ; therefore, an.
lees Ireland is to be totally destroyed, the Union should be repealed.
Mb. The Ultimo, whilst it takes from Ireland every thing essential to
freedom, forces on bar dimmest every thing tending to reduce her people
to slavery of the worst doseriptien. It subjects them to the partial or
unjust decisions of a Legislature, having six voices to one raised against
them ; and what is wane, binds them to the caprice of a single crea-
ture of that Legislature, or the Government, against their united voice.
Thus, Mime any security from the worst of oppressions, or &s-
-potless, lt puts non a bar to that rentoostimet or complaint which is
the last refugee the most abject slave ; therefore, the Union should
be repealed.
Meads sod Brothers,—You should join us in demanding this Re.
peal, not only for our sake. bet for your's also. Ireland, deprived by
a foreign Walston of her agriculture, trade, commerce, and indepen-
dence, must, suds under annuitants, continue only a dead weight
on England; nay. if the present condition be perpetuated, it is to be
feared she Mil only contribute to precipitate Ragland isto redo."
The folistring is the declaration of some Barristers spinet the die
evasion el taco repeal mantles
We, the medenigned members of the Bar of Ireloodefledensidess
called upon at the present aisle, to express our sentleasets epee the
existing Netlike of the quadrat of a roped of the legislative Wes
between Great Bdakt and Ireland.
We are decidedly of moan that a repeal of the Woo Mid
not only be injurious to the welfare and prosperity of the British
empire at large, but would also be destructive el the best interests
of Ireland In particular • and we are convinced that the agitation
of the question at this particular;
must be attended with the most mis.
chimes emequencts.
We therefore declare, that we deeply regret the distension of the
question at the present period. and that we are determined to maintain
and support the legiddive Union between Great Britain and Ireland
to the utmost of mtr power."
Gov, Sunday Jan. 50.—The utmost consternates prevails—an im-
amse body of the surrounding country have just entered the taws
highly peaceable. Since nine o'clock this morning the troops are
under arms Ind the constabulary muster strong. Lord Goat. it seems
is determined to prevent the mothig in the open dr. He told the
people that " come what will, be will disperse them by the army"
The inhabitants of the town are his tenants ; they are consequently pa-
ralysed. Oa the information of a revered divine of the law church,
it warrant, we kern, Is listed against Mr. Blake Foster, one of the
magistrate.. Just as I write, Lord Gore's agent called on Mr. Foster ;
and sold him that if the people met, the result would be highly Bala.
minus; that blood would flow if be held the meeting, and besought
him to use his influence, and get the people to di-pease. Lord Gert
aid chief constable Malony are this :mosnent traversing the streets.
Mr. B. Fatter then addressed the people, and, as I Mee, went down
to the pedimente to give bail.
On Woodsy last, a most numerous and respectabieenwu held
at the county Cote-house, Gamy, foe the purposed log the
Imperial Parliament for a reform in the Rouse of C About
two o'clock, M.D. Bellew, Esq. High llberif took the obok.
From the body of the Coort.house, which au dam* crowded,
there was a general cry fir " repeal of the Union La, ad niforen
after." The exclematkos continued several minutes. lit Adainelous
M.P. came forward, and was ressived with a good deal dwelled's.
He said—lt has been mead that in ray place In Ihdlimsal Mew
valued the distress of this coontry s IMr dliedidirma I nude se
such assertion. My object was to show bat disease MI Met, ad that
the people ought to enjoy the sympathy of thasosessmast, and meet
every encouragement employment and induetrp lieuldprodbee. Tee
have heard the petition whisit has been read, and I am ire to oases
that I once timeght some difficulty wield amid vote by ballet.
I, however, consider this more smatter far theeinteers than the envoi,
and as I fisd to material Mame of *Mien in the minds of sty 0311.
*intents, I acknowledge myself favostable to vote by ballot (loud
cheers.) There is no portion of the euspiredm might so entertain the
subject of relies mere interestedly theh Comaghts fro no mine of
the kingdom is may inedequately:repasented. Ulster and leWter send
311 members each—Munster $4, sad Chemeght only 11.
RIPI4III. or Tar USIONAt a allailleas meeting of the per-
sons engaged in the Fish Tads in Debbi, Mr. W. O'Brien in the
Chair, the following Boosiatine were unsahowasly alispeed, mended
by Mr. D. Campbell a Rembred—that intended aull kirrorkbra
state of this country is pelodplly eras M that boodelmonve, the
Legislative Union—a maim which (egghead wilt a vial and
heartless Minister, Mohr matured in maptiat, suppeend by pre.
sod unload" Mid at the dearest tint of a oftion's 05111111.
tilZ7v'ed—That se the meet ingenious and powalkil inimints ad.
.meted by the barsming mein of IMO, when adios ft the Ines.
sues of the Hahne, hews, also, (use Mail" f_or Inland) he }raved to
be aslidledlms Indian ressedes es wished in that pumposes, from
des indeadesip Mr of a ones bandld ad fiserablogTheinstry, her
lidesuis s veer ad o. 0141001000bair Nienfilik now
lies leifismemashe the breldrafeassa• ef that abarlaallb Manare.
Resolositi46o atm of thb an eels expensed Sup. the diem
of a kosigalaghlatin, War /Ii his. Vowels, bethoddg hp es p.&
pose of obsepsing the maim of the betide% are now owl, wink
ploys& ham the withdrawal of that nosessre.
MARRIED. —At Preston. John Robert Berne. Req. ebb* ens of
the has James Byrne, Esq. of Cabiniusly, Ireland, to Illesitah fill
um, third Diem of Viscount Fatessoberg. In Galway, Janos Ulm
ft,Team, to Maria, thiteghser of isygds, Esq. In
Mr. William Rich/ edam, of Bandon, to Chidase, youngest
daughter of the late William Hanleen, Esq. At OM, H. A. Cam,
E.g. M.D. to Prudent's, onlyst: the late Baked
Est" M.D. At Castletows, Pintley, ofdlitel=s
Mine, to Miss Ida Mil . At Um/aids, William
Osseo. isfk. ably sus 'tempi O'com- se=
wei 1. War, awoke,. et P. ItevanTihnst
=At Jam, Mid Sams Barry, llever illbany, to
dialtitSsumis Req. The by. alai Sag, to
littbe late J. Esq. of Lem Gendber.
joggle Mate. Esq. to Mies Jul Power, ot Lam Mont
'Niko. Mr. John Graham, of Dempateick, to Mary Alm, itervgVor
16:0ootio Esq. of Killsugh. Nickolas J. D'Arey, Imp to
11111fidetddret &ambler of the late Robert Casey', Esq.
HIED. At =lraq in the prime of lift, James Burble Oar-
Esq. At his bale in Cork. Cornelius O'Callaghan, Req. of

ateas e Esq. At his biome la Cork. Camillus O'Callaghan, Wit or
uUse villa. In Cash. Blallat4 Oh)1 Esq. It• N.
HGE WATER AT LONDON RIDGE TO-DIOREOW.
re 11. it. ii. It•
Morning It 4.1 Atternoos
K r , -arN
W Lotinoi a xvmz.,4ll,nill toatilitsxxs, at lbe blal
& °Traci. No. I, t.place, Tan* Bar.
to Apvitarissitiravn for *Mims in Ti.; Illta, from sopped qi
Lthe UriitadiVaas may is araisagittal Elasegh the PlltitTitas qf
44e Lao' • orgaPsol, at Ai mottOlairtr amigo Ar•spied) 0,
thotaih them were delivered la Ay loco is Lasafors.
lo •or pares
Oaasas for As Swotting* tratuccittod direct to the Wee
01 yarns to the Neopealow-totho Primers of Proctorial PaPrre—•
11, or to the attar qf the General Past Office ; by whom it it forward
et to the Coloaim, and an part: of Europe.
