sl •

convinced that they had not shut the door against the
introduction of slaves into the %Vest India Islands.—
He would confess that he did not believe that there
had been such admissions, b:tt sufficient means had
not been taken to remove the possibility. They had
hoped, however, that the measures which they ob..
tained would lead to a moral ieform in the condition
of slaves; that there would have been an increase of
food, a lessening•of labour, the introduction of the
marriage rites and of the benefits of religion, so as to
raise them to a higher point in the scale of man. But
the stringency of this reasoning depended upon the
degree in which they prevented the islands from get-
ting slaves in any other way ; for in proportion to the
certainty with which that was prevented, would the
desired effect be encored. They were sanguine in
their hopes of having ensured it: but be now took
blame to himself for not having sooner made exer-
tions to obtain that for which the petitioners now
prayed. Ife was sure that it would be serviceable to
the policy of the country, and that PROVIDENCE had
bound up with it even the prospei ity of the West In-.
diaproprietors themselve. He earnestly wished that
the question might be most set iously considered; not
with that violent and headstrong haste which would
immediately put an end to everything they might
think an evil, but with a due consideration of all in-
terests, and with the steady resolution of doing at last
that alone which appeared to be their duty. Ile
could assure the House he wished the subject to re-
ceive the fullest and most deliberate discussion. Since
the last discussion of it, some hundred thousands of
human beings in the Western hemisphere had proved
that they possessed the means of exerting the finest
energies of which human nature was capable. Many
persons whose views were opposed to his had argued
that if the physical comforts of thex unhappy beings
were consulted, there was no fair subject of complaint.
Ile denied this. He contended for an object far su-
perior to that of physical comfort. Those whose
cause he advocated were human beings, and yet were
brought by their present situation to the character of
brutes. In this degrading light, it was contended by
those who were interested in them as property, they
ought to be considered—as beings incapable of re-
collecting the past, or acting for the future, and sen-
sible even of the present only by the stimulant of the
whip. That this was the opinion of many good men
so interested it was not necessary for him to deny.
He was thankful that his own property was not con-
nected %‘ ith the subject; for if. it were, it would in-
deed be too much for him to say that his own views
might not insensibly become affected by that circum-
stance: but if ever there was a subject calling impe-
riously for the grave consideration of the House, it
was this. That consideration was induced by justice,
humanity, and religion; and when he took a retro-
spect of -his own situation on this subject thirty or
forty years ago, and recollected what had been ac-
complished, he felt confident of the ultimate success
of his present object.. At the period he had referred
to, he was addressed by a Gentleman now no more,
a man of great experience, and of keen observation
on the human character. He said—" Your cause is
good; but do you seriously ever expect success?"—
He (\lr. Wilberforce) answered—" I do, and am cer-
tain I shall obtain it : the cause is one which, sooner
or later, will be entertained by an English House of
Commons." :That cause, however, was then as hope-
less as this one was at present. In conclusion, again
addressing himself to the subject on the score of po-
licy, he declared that, after much reflection, he was
convinced that it would be for the true interest of
West India proprietors to abolish slavery altogether.
He wished, however, that the subject should receive
every consideration—he invited it—(Cheers).
The Petition was then brought up, read, and or-
dered to. lie on the table and be printed-
Mr. Secretary CANNING asked whether the Ho-
nourable Gentleman intended to submit any motion
on the subject arising out of the Petition which had
just been read?
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, the question would be
answered by his Honourable Friend near him.
Mr. F. BUXTON then rose, and gave notice, that
on the 22d of April he shoulil move for a Committee,
to consider the subject of the Petition.
