SLAVERY.

Mr. A. CAMPBELL presented a Petition from the
body of West India Planters resident in London,
against the proposed Abolition of Slavery in the Bri-
tish Colonies, which the Petitioners represented as a
measure pregnant with mischief to the Public, and as
an attempt to invade private property.—Ordered to
be printed.
Sir 3. GRAHAM presented a Petition, very nu-
merously signed, from Carlisle, praying for the Abo-
lition of Slavery.
Sir I. COFFIN had seen various Petitions for the
abolition of slavery, but not one for indemnifying the
per sonswhose propertyw as thus sought to bedestroyed.

• .
Pik; eaRwEN hi if favOiliatotite
oltifiction of slavery: •
' Mr, BARING. begged leave to Wahl the House,
'that the publication Of occasional remarks id this
House upon the subject then under discussion might
be productiire of the worst effects upon that very class
of persons whose relief was the object of the Petition:
Mr. F. BUXTON expressed his determination to
make his promised Motion on Thursday next.
Mr. Secretary CANNING presented certain Papers
connected with the subject of slavery, which were or-
dered to be printed.
Petitions for the Abolition of Slavery were alto
presented from Coventry, and some other places.
LIZUTIINANT ELAQUIERE-MR. BOWRING.
Mr. HOBHOUSE, seeing the Right Hon. the Se-
cretary of State for the Foreign Department in IC.,
place, begged to call his attention to two circum-
stances. A British subject, an Officer of the Bi ids!)
Navy, who, intending to go to Corfu, had not only
provided himself with the usual passport from the
French Ambassador here, but, in order to obviate all
possible difficulty, procured a passpol t from the Right
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Secretary Canning), which it
was generally believed would, of itself, have enabled

the beater to pass to the place of hi; destination. But
although thus provided, the Neapolitan Minister at
Rome told his hip(' that if he intended going to
Corfu it must be by some other route than through
the Neapolitan territory—and his friend was, there-
fore, oblige.l to take shipping for Corfu. That fa iend
was Lieut. Edward Blaquiere, of the Royal Navy.—
He also begged to state that letters directed to a
most respectable English commercial house had been
opened,. the-substance abstracted, and proclamations
of the Trappist and of the Duke d'Angouleme sub-
stituted in its place. The house to whom the letters
were directed, was that of Messrs. J. Bowring and
Co. a name which. would immediately suggest to the
House the probable cartse of the violation cf his cor-
respondence. It was probable that the French officer,
finding the name of Bowring on the envelope, thought
it would be a good joke to withhold the letters and
enclose the proclamations which he had mentioned.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, with regard to the
first question he had heard from Mr. Blaquiere him-
self, and was utterly at a loss for the motives of the
Neapolitan Ambassador's refusal to permit Mr.. B.'s
passage through the Neapolitan territory, but he (Mr:
Canning) had written toour Minister at the Court of
Naples to demand an explanation. (Hear, hear.) With
respect to the second subject mentioned by the Hon.
Member, he begged to say, that as far as he had
'learned, it was only surprising that even so much of
`correspondence was permitted, infested as the roads
of Spain were, not only by the French troops and
army of the Faith, but also by guerillas. But he was
at a loss to conceive how the party to whom they had
been addressed had learnt that the envelope contained
letters pa business originally, and that the proclama-
tions. vibether, good or bad, were substituted for
the If,the. Hon. Gentleman could put him in
aktiseision Of any facts upon which to guide him, he
siouldtake the necessary steps in the affair..
Mr. HOVIOUSE explained. The envelope, was
directed-in tlwhankwriting of Mr. Bowring 's come-
sgondept at 4ville.• •
VIE„ Setr~gtar CANNINg said.- had the Hon.-,
;Member ifated-tliiifact at first- it worild• have been
unnecessary for bias to. have troubled the Hon. Gen.
.tleman for any eiplanation, but he bad supposedrit
possible that the remittance of the Proclamations
alluded-to might baste been so much clear gain, to
Mi. Bowring—(4 langh). •
Lord G. SOMERSET presented a -Petition from Monmouth
against the Insolvent Debtors Act.—Laid on the table.
Mr. 11. G. BEN NET informed the House thzt he should to.
morrow move for a Committee to inquire intithe piesent state
of the MillbaniC Penitentiary.
Mr. J. P. GRANT, seeing amongst the Orders of the Day
the Report of the Sheriff's Court of Scotland Bill, hoped the
Learned Lord who had introduced it would not press the mea-
sure this day.
The LORD ADVOCATE of SCOTLAND said be had no
wish to press the measure but although he sheuld not procted
with it this night, he certainly would bring it on to-morrow.
Lord G. SOMERSET presented a Petillon from the Bankers
and others of the town of Monmouth, praying for an alteration
in the Insolvent Debtors' Acts.—Ordered.to be printed.
Mr. R. MARTIN presented a Petition from the Inhabitants
of the County of Galway, in Ir!land, praying for the imposition
of a duty upon foreign bat-W.A.—Ordered to be printed.
F 0 R El 0 N MERCANTILE SECURITY.
Mr. J. SMITH presented a Petition from a Body
of Merchants of the City of London, praying for an
alteration in the law which would not allow the
Agent to pledge the goods of his Principil.
Mr. SCA RLETT defended the law as it at present
stood. By law, a factor bad the power of selling
goods consigned to him, but he was restrained from
pledging those goods; or, if be did, the principal
had his remedy against the piwnee. This was the.
law of foreign States, as well as of England. It was
the law laid down in the Code Napoleon, a compo-
sition which would do more to immortalize the name
'of the individual who composed it than all his vic-
tories would do. The law which the Petitioners now
sought to repeal, was one founded on strict justice,
Mr. BARING said, this was a subject of very great
!importance. The raw, as it now stood, had frequently
been the subject of complaint, and, he thought, called
for alteration and amendment. He hoped his Hon.
Friend would persevere, and ultimately ask for leave
to bring in a Bill founded on this Petition.
Mr. HUSKISSON agreed that this Petition related
to a subject of very great importance, and the opi-
nions which had been given by his two Honourable
Friends—the one as to the law, and the other as to the
fact of the case, were, each deserving of tbe most se-
rious cOnsideration. He thought the Petition should
be referred to a Committee above stairs, where it
might be considered whether this law might not be
so altered as to prevent frauds being practised, and
yet to do away the hardship of which the merchant
at present complained.
Mr. SCARLET! said a few-words in explanatioa.
Mr. ItICA If DO said, if' there *wak-ornt particular
mark by which an agent or factor Might hi-distin-
guished from a principal, then hii flc4iourable and
Learned Friend's argtiment in support dale law as it
at present stood, would apply. He was in favour of
a Committee. The Petition was then laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. SMITH said, he should, to-morrow, move
the. appointment of a Select Committee.
SUNMAN TALLOW.
Sir T. LETHBRIUGE presented a Petition from
the Butchers of Leadenhall-market, complaining of
the importation of RUssian
Mr. MONCK asked what they had been endsa-

•
• • • • • •-• 9
iiouviag to effect daiittig the whole Of the Sessiocri.-::.
A reduction of tatation. And whit Oral the object
of the Pe:Won nbw presented? It iris to havifi taf
imposed for the benefit bf .a Particular clak • •liti
hoped that the Chancellor of the &chequer, *mild
tuns a dealt eir to all such application!; and if be
made.any alteraticin, take off the duty altogether.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGB thought that the tax *lull
not fall upon the consumer in this ecitintry, Bdt dpod
the Russian manufacturer.
. ••• • •
Mr. ItiCARDO said, that if the -Hon. narontt's
idea was con ect, then he hoped•to see the acin.
ronet made Chancellor of the Exchecteltr, for 'hi
would be the first Chancellor who had ever Imptitett
a tax of a large amount, without imposing a tiurtheii
on the people of England.—Ordered tolie on theta*:
Mr. lIUSKISSON presented a petition froth the
Merchants, Bankers, Factors; Brokers, and others of
the town of Liverpool, praying for an
,alteratir id
the law respecting Principal and Factor.—Cordered td
lie an the tab!e.

aEgn DUO.
Mr.DENISON presented a Petition•from the Ale
and Table-beer Brewers Against a clause in the Bill
of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. By that Bill
there was to be an Excise duty of five shillings, and
they were to brew five barrels instead.a sit. What
they complained of was, that they. were sobs debarred
from brewing beer of an intermediate.iluaiity; The
reason assigned was, to prevent the 'Wiring of beer;
but the brewers would have no objection to make
that a transportable offence. Ile would seggest that
the tax should be transferred from th,e beer to thei
malt, by which the whole expense of the collection
would be saved. A tax of six shillings on the malt
would produce 610,0001. to the revenue.
Mr. RICA ItDO would also ask the Chancellor of

the Exchequer what would be the mischief if the tax
_ _

should be laid on the malt, and every one be allowed
to brew what quantity he. pleased ?
Mr. MARERLY thought no Petition came more
strongly recommended to the attention of the House;
Mr. C. SMITH thought the dUty should be laid
on the Malt, and not on the Beer.

Mr. RENNET had not heard a single word in fatz
your of the Bill, which was pregnant with injuitice
to the brewer. The poor should not be dbliged to
pay £2. 10s. where the rich only paid EL
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said;
that all the objections now stated had beeq formerly.
urged, and replied to in the Committee. The pre-
sent measure was only a modification of the existing
law; and an attempt gradually to imptove it. He
would be ready to discuss the subject in a future stage
of the Bill.
Mr. HUME observed, that the Bill of the. Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer gave a great shock to capital
and credit. By the tiansfer of the duty to malt there
Would be a saving to the Public of a million. Not-
• withstanding the increase of the population, there had
been a decrease-of the consumption of malt.
_ _ _ _

Mr. COLBURNE said, that the Bill of the Chan-
cellor of the Etchequer would be an improvement
on the present law. ,
After a lew words from Mr. BROUGHAM, Uri. F.
PA Ltd UR, Mr. MABERLY, MT.MOWCK, and the CHO-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUILR, the Petition was read,_
laid ors the table, and orde,red to be printed. •
Mr. BUXTON said, that a great sensation prevailed in Lea.
don with regard to a Bill to be brought in to-night on the Silk
Trade. The wish was that a Committee should be.,granted to
refer the subject to their consideration.
Mr. HUSKISSON said, that no possible resalt could arise
from the Committee sought for. They could state the grounds
of their objects in to the repeal of these laws ; but he was sure
' that the ceaseless discussions of a Committee would lead to no
imaginable advantage.
Air. BROUGHAM moved that there should he laid before
the House the Crown Books of Dubin) from the year 1110ii•t0
1822, containing the panel of the Brant:Land Petit Juries.. .
After a conversation across the table with Mr. Gota.suait, did
'books were ordered.

Serjeant ONSLOW postponed the wend reading QC She
Usury Bill until this day fortnight. •• • •
In answer to a question from Mr. Three,
Colonel 13Aliltriaid, he *as quite 'prepared to so en with
the inquiry into the otioduct of the Shetiff of Dublia es WINS.
nesday.
Mr. CAWTHORNE presented R Petitio*froth the
Merchants of Lancaster, against an eqoalization of
the Doty on Sugar..—Ordered to lie on the table.
INSURRECTION R AND. •

Mr. GOULBURN regretted that after Inswing ix-
pressed 'a hope that he should not be speedily called
upon to move the renewal of the Insurrection Act iii
Ireland, he now felt himself compelled to do so on
account of the alarming state of that country. IR
some places there was a general combination of the
peasantry against the property ; the same illegal oaths
were administered now as at former periods ; and a
general disposition to refute obedience to the Law was '
too notoriously manifested. Under such circumstances
he was bound to call for severe measures, for the ope-
ration of the ordinary Laws could not reprecs the
rioters ; in fact, there now existed that extraordinary
degree of disturbance which nothing but extraordi-
nary power could check. It was not his inten-
tion to go into any details of the causes which led to
those scenes of outrage which disfigured the country.
During the last two Sessions documents were laid on
the table explanatory. of the state of things in Ireland.
But although it would be difficult for them to see the
frame of society in that country, the most casual ob-
server must be in possession of atrocious facts, with
whose mention, he would not weary the:House. ,Thd
ordinary administration of the law could not be ear•
tied on. The poor were arrayed against the iieh
nor that alone ; but such was the power possesied by
the multitude, that they defeated the law, and care
tied with them such a terror as enabled them to Issue
orders as precise, and enforced by penalties as severe,
as the most severe laws of this country. The crimi:
nal—not perhaps the best expression—but the guilty.
was the man in whose behalf every arm was raised,
and every effort exerted. At the last Assizes for
Cork, IN persons were discharged from want of
evidence. Such a fact spoke volumes; spoke more
than all the reasoning he could use would show,
as to the necessity of putting down such a system.
Of all the measures ever devised for meeting the pe-
culiar circumstances of beland, none was better calcu-
lated than:that which be now asked. That measure
had ban the subject of much-obloquy—it was said to
make suspicion a crime, and to punish it as a crime.
In the case of Ireland it was no such thing. The
horrors in Ireland were committed by night; and the
object of the Insurrection Act was to confine all per:
soils to their houses, to prevent nightly assemblies,
and thereisy to promote the peace and security of Cie
country. The penalties were, he admitted, sevefq,

I.'

i

•

but not more so than in-other cases. • In that of
vio}ating the Quarantine Laws, in that of inducing_
pestilence, the penalty was death ; and. in a case of
moral pestilence why should severity of penalty be
objected to? He might be asked, if this, law were sa
admirably, calculated to. repress disturbance—whY
disturbance eaisted his answer was.
though it was not always found to be commensurate
with its object, yet 'that it produced improvements :
so that, both as precedent .-andis matter or eaictila-.
tion, it Plainly slimed its remedial puwer. The real
causes of the evils' of Ireland could not now be en-
tered into; and he therefore thought it best for lion.
Members to confine theinseives to the particular point
before them. Having said this 'much, the llnnour-
able Member• concluded by moving for leave to bring
in the Irish Insurrection Act, to be continued for a
time to be limited. •
_ _

Lord A LTHORPE said, from the system of Government
that had been arlipted with regard to that cotintey, Ireland had
been a source of weakness rather than of strength to this coun-
try.
.lle did nut wish to deprive Government of any powers
that might be necessary. Ile should move a Resolution in the
shape of an antendmant---" Tout it Is the opinion of this I louse
that the coereive measures which have been repeatedly ado; tell
since the Union, have tailed to secure tranquillity in Ireland, or
to better the moral condition of the Peopt-, and that no solid
improvement can be expected from a continuance of the system
of compromise acted upon in the Government of that country,
strengthened as it has been by such temporary expedients; but
that it is absolutely necessary to take into set ions consileration
the whole system of the laws, and of their administration, with
a view to such a reform as shill secure the permanent peace of
the country, and the equal constitutional rights of the People."
The. Noble Lord then proceeded to say, that if the foregoing
Resolution should be. carried, he would then submit to the
I louse the following Resolution : " That this House, while it
lossis ouly to a permanent remedy in a revision of the whole ,
system of measures by which Ireland has hitherto been governel,
fee!, itself called upon to arm the Executive Government with all
sib temporary powers as may be necessary to suppress the pre-
sent existing spirit of insubordination, which is daily producing
such alarming outrages aud daring violations of-the law in that
portion ache empire."
Mr. J. SMITH was in favour of the Amendment. He thought
conciliation ought to be tried, since the poverty and crimes of
behind were to be attributed in the want of education.
Mr. ROBERTSON attributed all the evils under which Ira
land laboured to the spares of religious disqualifvarion, the ins-
tolicy of which be points:l out by a reference to the conduct of
other States. The lion. Gentleman concluded by giving his cor-
dial support pi the Amendment.
Sir N. couniuusT said, of the necessity of adopting the
measure now proposed, he thought no doubt could exist in the
mind of any man who had read the Address of the Grand Jury
of the county of Cork. It appeared by this Address, that up-
wards of vine hundred eases of heruings bad been preferred, most
of svluchaippeared to Isere been wilful. With respect to the In-
surrection Act, be believed,if It had been properly administered,
it wouli bays: proved effectual for its object; but he must say,
be ciaisitleri.ll that neither the Magistrates nor the Government
Lad carried it into effect with sufficient vigour.
Lord A. 11A MILTON cork' not look at the Treastuy Bench,
alad.see_hOur it was constituted, and anticipate any good for Ire-
land l there, was not a sink person now in the Government
whit had not, at one time or other, opposed this very measure
which they were now so ready to support.
• Mr- PLUNKETT denied that he bad been guilty of incon•
sis.eucy, (suit change of opinion ; lan the coatrary, he last year
suppiarttil,the Bill, and in ISOG, when Attorney-General under
tbe•Drike of Bedford's Aslininisttation, be prepared a Bill pre-
cisely'similer to this: the sudden change of Administration pre-
veuted his bringing the Bill in. He had contlemmol the measure
as trisimstitotional, and no man could regret the necessity of in-
troduadiag a aleasure suspending the trial by Jury more than he
dCd. If the Noble Lord would propose any other measure, he
would give it due consideration. As to the Amendment now
prof used, be could not agree to It in its present shape, he would
rather adopt it as a distinct propositi9n. At present he consi-
dered the brat object should be to empower the Government to
put down existing insurrection. A charge bad been made against
Government for too much fruity in carrying this Act into effect.
lie recollected two cases of lenity, which he would mention.—
One individual was apprehended after the prescribed hour, but,
on inquiry,it appeared that he had no house. This was held to
ise a reasonable cause far being abroad—(A laugh). Another
man was apprehended he had indeed a house, but he was ab-
sent •frem it to avoid bring arrested on a charge of murder.--
This was held to be a reasonable cause of absence. Whether
tese decisions were right or not, he would not pretend to say ;
but they had decided unanimously on the side of mercy. He
con:.luded by giving his support to the motion.
Sir J. NEWPORT was convinced that no real good could be
done to Ireland, without a thorough inquiry into the state of
that divided country
Lord EN NISMORE was convinced the Catholic question
had nothing to do with the present disturbances in Ireland. lie
was in favour of the Insurrection Act being renewed, and he
also thought the Lord Lieutenant should have a power of de-
claring any particular district or districts under Martial Law.
Lord MILTON condemned the doctrine held by the Noble
Lord. He thought conciliation, and not terror, was the system
which ought to be adopted.
Mr. PEEL thought the Insurrection Act should be passed
without alteration, and only for a limited time. Ile was against
introducing martial law, except in cases of extreme necessity—
cases which he hoped would never occur. As far as regarded
the amelioration of the state of the lower orders of society, there
had not been a measure proposed which had not been adopted, ex-
cept that of Catholic Emancipation. Measures of conciliation
had been adopted in preference to thosa of coercion—means had
been adopted fur spreading education among the poor, whether
Catholic or Protestant. As to the Ama•:dment of the Noble
Lord, it wenT to pledge the House. Pledges, he thought, should
never be Oven unnecessarily, and therefore he should oppose it.
Mr. Si. RICF. thought, if there was not something done to
give enure stability to the Government of Ireland, it would be a
vain attainspt to restore tranquillity to the country, by the adop-
tion of this or any other coercive measure.
Mr. V. Firscsaitn, Mr. lizet:trart, and Colonel Browser.,
supported the motion; and Mr. Moores opposed it.—The House
then 'divided :—For the Motion, 162—For the Amendment, 82.
Adjourned at Three osClock.

It gives us much pleasure to find that the Me.
tropolitan Literary Institution has made such pro-
gress as to be enabled already to offer Lectures,
during the current and ensuing months, to its pro-
prietors. The rapid rise and progress of this Insti-
tution is almost without example in our literature;
but what will not the active intelligence and enter-
prise of this Metropolis achieve? The central situa-
tion of this Temple of Scicnce is exceedingly desirable.
We wih it every success.
• Lord ELDON, at his last rent-day, returned to each
of his tenants, hi the county of Durham, 20 per cent.
CONISISTOUT Court?, MAY 12.—Pr. Clarke, this
day, which was the last day of Term, appeared in
Court, pursuant to admonition, in the suit instituted
• against him by the Churchwardens of Great . Walt-
ham, in Essei, of which he is the Vicar; and, in
which they charge him with
.various irregularities
in the neglect or abandonment of his duties--;
The Court held that the charges had been sufficiently
proved, and that no substantial defence bad been set
up. Dr. Clarke was sentenced to be suspended from
his parish, and from all clerical functions in the dio-
cese of. London, for twelve- calendar months, the
Judge (Sir C. ROBINSON) fearing, as he remarked,
that a shorter period would not be sufficient to allay
tht irritation of his spirit, or restore religious har-
mony between his parish and himself. He likewise
condemned him in the costs of these proceedings, and
that they should be strictly taxed.
