ELECTION INTELLIGENCE.

CITY OF LONDON ELECTION.
FIFTH. DAY.

Yestercl4y at the close of the poll the numbers were
as follow :
Mr. Alderman Thompson 4215.
Mr. Alderman Waithman . 3280
Mr. Alderman Wood . 3158
Mr. Ward . 319.3

The Lord Mayor

. 4931

Mr. Alderman Ttromvsos said it was utterly impos-
sible for him to express, in suitable terms, the gratitude
he felt for the distinguished support he had received
throughout the contest. They had no ordinary claim
on his gratitude, and he could assure them in return
that he would, if elected, do all in his power to pro-
mote their trading interests, to protect their municipal
rights, and enhance the comforts of every class of his
fellow-citisens. (Applause.)
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN said it was rather extra-
ordinary that he not. only maintained the same relative
position on the poll, but had polled that day more than
some of the other Candidates, notwithstanding the pow-
erful machinery that was set at work on behalf of some
of them. There was ancther circumstance which also
afforded him the highest pleasure, which was, that not
a single Gentleman of the Society of Friends, com-
monly called Quakers, but gave him his support, be-
cause they all knew that he had voted again,t slavery.
(A black man at this m..ment caught the eye of the
worthy Alderman). Ay, and he saw an honest black
face there, and he was sure if that person had a vote,
it would las be his, for it was the cause of his fellow-
blacks which he had advocated. (The black man was
raised on the shoulders of his companions, and held up
to the public view. The poor fellow waved his hat
over his head, and answering the recognition of the
worthy Alderman, he exclaimed " Ay, Master, I would
vote for you.") The worthy Alderman resumed, and
relied on their support—if he received it, he had nu-
doubt of being placed in the honourable situation of one
of their Representatives.
Mr. WARD thanked his friends for their able support,
amidst a mixture of cheers and hisses; but he could not
but consider that they acted rather inconsistently; for
when he was lower on the poll than he then stood, they
granted him a hearing, but in proportion as he rose on
the poll, their inclination to hear him seemed to declines
He could account for this in no other way than
this, that their pleasure at seeing him maintain his place
on the poll was too much for their feelings, and they
applauded without knowing where to stop.—(A laugh.)
He was persuaded, that all the Livery and hitri.elf re-
quired was a little longer acquaintance with each other,
in order to come to a better understanding ; and he
was quite satisfied, that before they should have done
with him, they would like him still better—(Cheers).
The thermometer, he was glad to find, was still rising,
and his hopes kept pace with it ; and if they only cow
tinued their exertions in his favour, it ass a matter of
no very great moment one way or the other, whether he
was to hear his friends or they him, so as he was still
kept up on the poll—(Cheers and laughter).
Alderman WOOO returned thanks, and exhorted his friends to
renewed exertion.

The Loan Ilavon had but little to say to them—indeed, tie
would have them attend but little to anything which here fell from
any of tLe Candidates, but he would have them to look at the cha-
racters of the Candidates, and select the four best men. All he
would add was, in the words of the motto of the City of Glasgow
(let the result of this election be what it may), " Let the City of
London prosper"—(Cheers).
