ORDER OF MALTA.

In the rector proceedings of Parliament upon theitti figura is
,the Catholic Relief Bill for suppressing ail Moats bound by me,
manic vows, Mr. Mows inquired," whether the Oases Of MALTA
was included in that clause?" a question which must have seism
front a forgetfulness on the part of Mr. \lows of the hist,,,y
this Sovereign Order of Knighthood. This, indeed, is eggg,,,,bin
conadering how little has been spoken of the Order of late...4e
Knights seeing that nocircumstance of importance presented um
to call forth thelrunergies, and thus lave remained fora long tut
inactive.

With regard to this distiiiruished Oanen, It may not be cot se
time of place now to state, that it was originAly established at jit
ru.alem in 109 n, daring the Crusades; that its first object was ti
offer an asylum auil protettion to the skit altal sertry pilgrims to db.
Holy Land: and that it was afterwards formed into a migtati
euvereign °slim of knighthood. which became the mew pingitild
and renowned that ewer existed, sending Envoys to every Copt k
Eutope, and basing the most powerful Monarchscoorting intik
ante. Even Hiniav the Otis, who was no friend to Monks, og
arrival in England of the GIIAMD 51asma of this Osetia—.dig
brava L'lsLa ADAM, whose metti..table defence of Rhode. toy
nished all Ciiistenitun —even Heiler received bent on A
splendour and magnificence suited to an equal; and rpm lg.
GRANO 3I 's departure made him many presents.
The Kincuts of MALT& are nut bound by Mona•tic vaira—fo
much fur she question of Mr. ?dunce—neither do they pokes to
support exclusively any parlieuLr sect, nor propagate any on.
titular doctrine. Their Hanes was tentaskshis fitx.x,ea
inquired of those distressed persons who presented themok„
at the portals of its Hospitals and Infirmaries for sbrlta std
protection, of wh it station they were. sir of what rebook

—The Greek as well as the Latin, on his death-bed, tied
tquafly eve ry spiritual consolation which conscience required. •'fry
Kink of the Prophet was never withheld from the hinds of the
Musoilman at his last moments; fur by the Knights of Make be
was permitted access to his own creed and his own sanctuary as
freely as he could enjoy in the Muggers of Mecca or Main°.
Besides these daces of charity and benevolence, the pararateerc
duties of the Omega, upon being formed into a Military %wee.
tint, were the pretec.ion of Trade and Commerce from pirates;
and likewhe of all Christians front Turkish slavery, in both which
causes it gained the mo.t lasting r. Dawn. The unparalleled oaa t.
once the Knights oppu►ed to the Turks at Rhodes, Cando, Malta,
Ike. has probably saved &trope from the humiliating and dreadful
coiss,quences of an invasion by the Turks, as there is little &mit f
SoLlillAies lineations, after his successful conquest of Palestine, to
have subjected and desolated all Chilstesidoin.
Among the KOK:IM of MALTA are Christians of every union
and creed—eons of the most powerful Monarchs and the taunt
distinguished Nobles of Europe. The honourable decorations of
the Oman are a passport to every Court, and an itarodlictioa
in every society. It possesses sovereign power, and is competent
to perform every act of severe intl. It crestesKnights, grants rein.
nsi•siaw by sea and land, and sort:lates as an equal with ivy
Sovereign or anima. Its rights, plivileges, and immunities hot
been acknowledged by the Congresses of Aix-la-Chapelle, Vero°,
Ifleoo3, and particularly by the famous Treaty of Amiens. Its 114 g
is respected by all whims, is free upon every sea, and received in
every port on the most friendly footing. At the same time tau
this is an universal MIDIS, Mee Knights of Malta compose a neutral
Power. Their exertions are not directed to the *minimise and
eitention of property, or of measures offensive or defensive. except
against pirates ur marauders cd every duaription ; and were it los as
other purpose than to protect the deeply injured commerce is the
Levant from the swarms of vagabonds that at presets infest them
seas, it is much to be desired that the Kenitra of Id ei.ra were at the
moment in all t►eir pristine power and glory. Perhaps the days
of chivalry have not yet tamed for ever. The KJOGIITS of Maw,
for these and other nosons—for the sake of unhappy Greece, may
yet be indeed to arouse freest thesis very reprithessibk lethargy.

I'HE KIRK OF StOTIANtSAND SION COLLEGL

De
IA
for

Oh
J
dni
sui
(Jr

Fr
ba
as
IA

.A

it'
1i
,Pt

sel

(II
