LAW INTSLLIGENCB.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Jun TS.
Warn v. lifieteenz—This was an action tar aseault. The
plaintiff was a working ben, in the employment of a psdenen it,
sidle( in the parish of Bow. The defendant, who is 4go
also lives in the some neighbourhood. On the evening of the
of Deessebor, the dellsedent was talking to a friend, who wee
ins at bb shop &se hi Now, and being on horseback, in the
of the reneessedea kb herb abase the footpath. Wbib
this sinweles, the who was realm into:harp=
This was about o'cloOlt it the week* The
zaw
fault with the t, he haft Tie hose is that pats.
altwooden gym Oh ensued, wMtik Milled by the
bele, well beaten. '
Sneed winsome were oiled on both sides, and math aseindlin•
trey *Marc. was given, eons ti
pleind‘ diem swearing di
nt the
was II est oevemensed b the _ by te drag
datandso eilblibevesy whiles tbede es thpert el die
owe that the used: the piebliff es seen es
bold of the beeves bridle i end that aria be bed dinnevolsi
continued to wank Os &fat V
_nth* foe yisiede ..=. 101.
BELLOWEIIiaII V. 1116.....011 this awe being Mr.
Hutchinson said he had le way se Wolf of tbetishimbitt le ban
it postponed. Be hod es Oldish dim the deliellent, editkeleisil
•

;iiiifieiii; es;.s bad isad so tuflugrrre notice, newly,
as itlatpostralLiwahaftef
trie
pubrimiethadr
witofrom the
bad act defendant,e whtointis him that tie writer wad
„b any oomndtld ties taao l
robbery,os of th
and ese names of 'the
eirurestances viviche;
ishittydriemailk produced in in-the esti
eeaaldo wthhife tothe :se. This
is
form '
every infant born of slave parents considered
pie-
free. He (Mr. Cave) would undertake to prove that, according is htedinawtt was a material witness for him, sod 'bathe could not And weal the aline hone to them beyond the possibility • growth.
the laws of this country, no British subject could be a chattel, to be Mu *um the **Pt** doubt r sat stating (Madge, that if floodand would wait spat a We extract the follow* charaderistic passage from
bought and sold like a horse. Lod TurttlinDirr, ether a short conversation, said the tel did pew wbe awe moreg, end wow" the prow op a the eesdemeg wee a the Lib ar iirisik Just -. . ribs
Mr. MANNING wished he could prevail oo the Members for • wit•d Pailmaw
melds mum et me and at the same dm, give a Willa Arms dm the Lay et Muhl Hairwit4s--in 111111 kr
Norwich and Enemata hto go out to the colonies. and vita Tbs Airioaxxi.tessaam. (with whom was Mr. Foxxxxx ithict that dre tuba should be bald botadue, be would mon was Amite,' by my semy.wausei die
meinemeir
at
....
the condition of the slaves before they had made such ammeter' pa °as dds aides was ban& ti She PlaladC a Awata , inhumation that could be remilsal to bring the pardmi so wee, who bass mut as baud be mot bum found away
Slavery. He referred to the evidense given by several pumas Mon la the aesdad *a" as a singer, Wiwi ' 6 - Ospdered imosalbraly mud Imo di Wm, mg .of =pintail by poisaisey didiambiss, urged Ida to
potting the comfortable condition of the slaves. He them rimed to adsbasesd_____._
__.._______WP Idrkasssaatem fesea_.
_.._hill__Sas 1•10_0f,_„ _ Md. mw the With of It la the cams al- th• eft party tabu, to wham be maw mot ea macaw mega
Abe depressed state of the West India interests. observing that, In VIIIIMOUIatr, Mgt" Ir_t !Luso laid 1,5
_,11.12..1ig1a...... .._ _ to, to whom he gave the rev and the Wenner arses able roosptieu ; but Kopko mild not nears upon the
1818, the exports from this country to the West Indies amott to mow twaawleanta lar W. =M' 111"1/1 um* save the names of two passim astisdPV'eiday and Spins, roe,* . • . although la his bans be Minns retssusd to afro
six millions. whereas last year they amounted tone mare thou those bid asassess, as mnfPwl• Bobs Bristol. k, illaliddin I sad ad Omar dladdem, eaddiali in •'' dm it. Ia me at timed a ysur km, be says, " The ilm
do !sip masa to mom dm sum which the •
millions, which was a strong proof of the distress of the colorants. ono sibs bail 1.0 idled dm miebay t sad said that if ' dellare nen la disy who am mimed to the
Sir F. BURDETT could not see what objection there was to the
trastildilliP"ibag um perthmed"ll.ll lir'
hires44l.llldts pertaiefaatt:paaledinßdg,btouLt tberbedefend-aa" its
aullialimmessiose upotwedislit hilliaposted tede.B.B4lll dlial
beam
warfthe
me awe hand ; every ihkg lo
motion of his learned friend. It was said that it should be leR to my asklismbsolPilitsseos =sssi to thins sad agouties. HMO
the Colonial Legislature, but he thought that the Colonial Legis. sat abldbisbal Se lot* mad Ira bi ME asell vat be bad bum to Wove I dim NM dm seat widtbur Noma hobo met I, a emus !
Isture required a spur to urge them on. He admitted that slavery The mil* tit al* Phdallir Mild ib• essasasS has* bola a" held* aft aphis mos mammoi im ths robbery, ths a Lone dorm had I vim drag the mmiemammt of am Mod I who
was the natural situation of the population of the West Indies, but told hulk
___alidberhavillegaimmrsiged her "gill" eh" •- hood *um° hi ads sPlwelhadas• no Many als its dew% sad wow egg Mai Ida so my Hide wife sod
it did not follow that nothing should be dare to ameliorate their named, when she bad math lad to the ssiesdadaaa emir smmislists somithams. hand letters mad mars asmiabling VIM: shakes P lieslise my see Louie, now *Men yews obl,
The Jury found a mast& dabs piainti&-thmagss ROL
condition. It was true that the Legislature had done much, but it otheeeted with the Missy, mil moo of olio Wpm, 1 Iwo it isvgliesr, a twaysme obi mu by my sumad
did not follow that they should not do move, while any thing re. COURT Of RHQUINfiII, ICINOMIATLIITREKT. width yam addressed to were drug aEL leg." aml im 1111=bledaughtsr, mil its =mho but jest
mainsd to be done. (Hero, hear.) He highly approved of the is. Evsis v. Ross.—Mr. Km, the paaplioir at a grammar letters tits writer to Email army mismly the mow her eilthaSeMalt." ill pia km, be says spas—" Re
solution ptoposod by his lunged friend, as It would serve to shew school, was summoned by Mies Rams, he the somas of , which it was sommlimil, ma whet was dome with es sertg me the Rradatphiss Tables en published, way asks will be le
to the country what the sense of the house was on that subject.— month': =1; at 12L pa year. P*l7') 1041.9 all bs=lbasd abate alai basalt inbl, phis whirs lam ham on dim to a comsehismbit masa* I ,
(Hear, hear He thought that there should be a peremptory order The stated that Mr. Ross sapid her ea hid for was wham to hint by
.1 itatffie its (Spiess) bad mime,. psi to Oemily ; IpfWhy thou in hay, puma% the
ine.
that every slave who was able, should have it in his power to month, mail me perfectly smisliad ; but after remaining with him ledge whatever of the NW, y isismen. Gas st die stolen motes for tberbude, et gam, the salary Is adequate fur a lll-
purchase his liberty. Another Point he would suggest was, that six weeks, be " loth it lino Idte heed to ill-use" her, sod law mis. RC were traced to Ferriday. IlLaddia Amid all Imowled. et the velier.”
there should be a limited time for working every day. and that the ems manmade hie. robbery, and said that he was never AM to write—a feet that was
slave should have the remainder of the day to himself. He would maw auubbsailliM Meat /opacity did you serve Mr. Ross ? confiimed by evidence was ceding la be conveyed to York. HimilmiliTTlTS.
also allow them to purchase their liberty by extra labour. The bon. As hilleher * 11111*a alwa* shire for trial. The Ilsh last. In Lome Orasvenov-suust, Mrs. H. Holy am-
bulate alluded to a paragraph which lately appeared in the news. The Bel did your manta hose you ? 1 heist
iptima-sxitaxs.—./mmes Formlit a hotly dressed man, Waste, of a daughter —The 13th lash in althelaita.strest, the
papers respecting the daub of a seaman by severe Bogging. He Wbea worm &slag on that day t Meading maddap I when a - about 40 mu cep ago, pa mugs! woo& ben body at H. Roma..., gig. Jim ot a donate.
hoped the Admiralty would direct their attention to it. be thought my Boom mum' me *faiths lbsitim witirdis young gentlemen. r. Baonauvor, algid am of having, arrow Alba -MARRIED.
that no officer ice the navy was allowed to direct mut then twelve It wee them albs task 111milles with yea, pothers f yea t age. stemma a keg k - mew bay, es that
The 11th inst. at St. Otorges, Hanover-square, O. E. Nugent.
lashes to be given to any seaman. He hovel to see the day when was sent up hash baunedibig froth the.thamber which sae Si- , . ,to Diem, hilltop sad oe. te diet dry.
bed ths Oreasollar Guards, eldest ma of GFenerid bit C. Nugent.
logging would be entirely then away In the army and navy. y•tto, images, Ohm we if them *sew s basset m tae, , Rat Daly. Ms OM at the- stated dist she resided in
•SirinG• COLBORNE observed that the Censer and jury ethic 11, was nolmitur tbs. I diode be; but it Is all • proadier&grbitseekatuat. That bat %Aug --- 11.1°. at TalbSsts-bsass Ducks, to Muds Oberlate, wand
ossam
•••• Previous • dm to of N• • It- valbseas, kal• M.P. of West Haeling,Nerfelk.
bell the inquest over the peons alluded to paid the Monet oseepli. " We," alma la 12* WNW, allivad* CO" "I* 011191111 if MOM 1111 Oak %dawn In Dahlia,
meth to the eonditet of the officer. it was true that death was the in my who smudausimato of Wows; swag whom was a man DUCH.
• coireequence of the but the deceased had as asiappdast
waniTitphaelionch. -.abets seems to be ammo fumy swab' gob* tot. mood
ata
.10 the yaw etenbe bk. king's „kit to Dob k
3S. Me
iset____lu Derieesteeet,„_ gultalay__. .aquoto, Mr. M. matt,
sepia.,
which was the princi mused his t1y.... . • Asir . hi if dbalboug bor busbano, ets, °Um. aab SUMO In oisliakety's arananos at the battle of IPS•
Sir. R. Pi be bed nu eltjto the Motion of the hos. Mr. hiss emplaned that heilited=ed dia othro tuella was mewl to am •• aced mimed to be his tie" aid at curt far warty yam Aim his
eldest
on, a Seely
and learned gentleman, on the ground that this parliaaasat amid but VIM Rams lad grossly lasssOr I sad hs • . which beihsibuni toVitt. Puma then was bowd lied Pm old, ankf eassiald his (*dm two els-
give a pledge that the subset oedema Slavery should be Itharelato that do was
bwishasrx ether female aims he ',vim I. /*pp at the may he weal" realawd by Ilholler it, sad ea the *draft day UM* : Pelmet Ind Published by Jo.. alarm, as she Smis-
he.s..Verdiot tbr the dirdadiat.
consideration by the new parliament. He was, however, We pro. tide' he appeased mph In the dselh With bit shovel to rause his work, Ones lea. t. Plcitat-pimes.Tenpis gar.
.
