WEST I NDI SS.

Lord REDESDALE presented a Petition from cer-
tain Merchants and Traders, holding mortgages on
.West India property, who prayed for the adoption of
measures calculated to restore the value of that pro-
perty. The Noble and Learned Lord stated its depre-
ciation to be such.in consequence of the pending dis-
cussions and proposed emancipation of slaves, that mar-
tine settlements coda not be executed, and mortgages
had no value. He deprecated the idea of precipitation
in emancipating the negroes. Their Lordships and the
country ought to know that the immediate abolition of
slavery was impossible, or that if it were carried into
effect, it would cause another massacre of the whites,
similar to that which had once taken place at St. Do-
mingo. The operation of tine could alone put an end
to slavery. Means must first be adopted to give slaves
that character which alone could fit them for freedom.
They must acquire religion and property, and there
must be inequality amongst themselves, that they may
reap advantage from their relative'situations. He wound not pre-
tend to say what it might become their Lordships to adopt; but
something like a declaration that it was intended that, whatever
should be done, should proceed from the Colonial Assembhes,would
have the effect for which the Petitioners prayed. It was important
that something should be done, to afford to the property of the Pe-
titioners
the protection of the country.
The Etrl of LIVERPOOL, after expressing much
respect for the Noble and Learned Lord, and tt,e Pe-
tition which he had presented, begged leave to say, that
if he supposed that there was any intention on the part
'of Parliament or the public to precipitate the emanci-
pation of the negroes, he should be as much opposed to
that measure as his Nubte Friend himself, or any other
man of sense in the country. Not only ought the sub•
j, ct to be approached with caution, but all the great
interests of property and others which were involved
ought to make it one of peculiar attention. Neither
must the country het self lose sight of that great consi
aeration, that the system which she was anxious to
abolish had been ber own work, and that the Hooters
had engaged in it under her own direct encouragement
for more than 100 years. After saying this, he could
not help expressing his deep regret that the Col..nial
Assemblies should not have pursued the course which
they ought to have done. As some of our Colonies stood
in 4 dare:cut shuatiAt from the rest, the Crown having
