.2

1

I,

i,

.~;
N

3 per Cent. Red. 7 riff
3 per Can. Cant: 71 tiff
4 per Cent 8841
3 per C. Ann. Inofil

To the WORTHY and INDEPENDENT FREEHOLDERS
of MIDDLESEX.

•INTL!SSKN,
IRETURN ynu my molt grateful Thanks for
the zealous intereft you have taken to &cure my Re-eleelion,
and to place me in the high and moft saviable fituation in which
I m w (lard returned, at the head of the Poll. as one of the Re-
prefentatives in Parliament for the first County in the Kips-
i3 in every way moll flattering to my heart, fince It is
ay.arredly founded on your approbation of my public c-rduca.
and oo your affedlionate refpec't for what you are okafed fo
honourably to term my hereditary claim by the Cervices of my
Faber. I truft I need not now retort to Pmts dons of fidelity
to thole principles which endear his memory to us all, and
which have been hitherto the rule of my life. It has be' nmy
conftant feelirg that I was delegated to the Commons Heufe
of Parliament oy you, to terve the People of England, not my-
fell, and to affert againft all encroachment the privileges for
v.hich our Anceftors fo glorioufly ftruggled. I have rever
forgotten the tiered charge; and though we have all, in com-
mon, to lament the infringements that have been made on cur
rights, awl the calamities that have arifen from a difaltrous
fyftem, yet I have the confolation to refh dt, that by no vote or
mint have your Liberties been infringed, or your Inwthens in-
ereafed. lo no one Inftance have I had the misfortune to dif-
fer from ti.e great, independent, and enlightened body of my
Confliwents.

As the roll will now furnifts me with a eorreet lift of my
blends, it !hall not fail to be my firft, as it h my heartfdt,duty,
to make my acknowledgments to you all in perfon.
I have the honour to be.
the moil perfedt regard, Gentlemen,
Your fatidul Servant,
GEORGE BYNG.
st James's-fquare, 29th July, tilos.

LONDON.

MONDAY, AUGUST 2.

MICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK:

per Ccnt. Confo!•, 7titl—for Aural '2-
4 per Ccnt. 881—Old $ per C. tocii—Long Ann. 2o; i 5. t 6.
Omniain 4 difcount.
PRICE OF STOCKS ON SA rURDAY

5 per Cent. t 797 1030
Long Ann. so 11-26:1
Imp. Ann. 2 2*3-26
Omnium 4* 4 dir,

This morning we received letters from Gibraltar
of the 24th of June, which bring Come interefting
particulars.
The Chatham, of so guns, Captain -, ar•
rived there on the t9th, after a tedious pdfl.ge
from Engl;.nd with gales of wind. She failed up
the Mediu anean on the following day.

When cur letters came away the Dragon, o'
74 guns, Captain AYLMtL, and the Superb, of 74
guns, Captain Klers, remained at Gibraltar.
The following eztraa will put our Readers in
polreflion of Tome particulars refpaling the Afri-
can corfairs:

Gibraltar, June 24.

" Sir ROBFILT BARLMirt Of his Majtily's thip
TRIUMPH, of 74 guns, and a frigate, have failed
for Algiet s, in confequence of the Algerines de-
taining three Englilh vellels, on pretence of their
having ufed falfe Mediterranean pares, or old
ones that had been ufed for other veffels.—The
Algerines have condemned the veffels and cargoes
and fold them.—We expeta Sir ROHIRT will only
demand the men from slavery.—The Algerines
lately fent a frigate and two zebecks down to the
back of the rock, with an intention to take a For-
tugufe frigate and line of battle !hip, cruizing in
the gut ; they only met with the frigate, within our
fight : the two zebecks boarded her and carried
her away to Algiers, after murdering nearly all
on board.—We expea they will take Tome more
of them loon.

a The Emperor of MOROCO has demanded from
the Swedifh and American Confuls, refiding at
Tangier, to order their cruizers to permit him fend-
ing corn to the port of Tunis, which is blockaded
by them.—Captain Tuzenz, the American Com-
mander here, faid, his pcfative orders were, not
to comply with any fueh ?equal; in confequence
of this anfwer to the EM er,oß he has ordered Mr.
IA Lk: LS Si M ?sou, the American C: mill, to quit his
dominions, and an American frigate has failed to
briog him and his family hither. He is expeded
every hour. It is thought from this circumflance
that the Moors will fend I ut final! cr..izers agailift
the American.: immediately."

We have received Paris Journals to the 3oth.—
The Minificr Plenipotentiary of the I'i-Lach Re-
public in Helvetia has addrclkd the fillowing
letter to the Landamman and Stattholdcrs of the
Helvetic Republic :

o Citisens landom in and Stockholders! In your letter dated
the i 3 initint, ethic": you did me the honour of a,lilrefling to
me, you &fired me to explain the matives which induc.l the
Flrlt t fecal Immediately to France the Pr, ncii Latta-
lions v he had agreed to leave in 1-I,dveia fnce 'he pe.:ce:
and you ikGre that I may requcit of the nirit Courol t., poll.
pone t! ud,,ption of this meafurc, utvil litlvet:c Minifter
at Paris 1!:all Live tr.:am:acd you ftult i.,formation as you
have tit-fired him to obtain coacern;i7 the fame. The FA
Cunhal. Citlz •ns, has con,:ved that tha Cava:um:Alt of I Id-
yeti. found, at this time, in the vi. tut; of the pet:l)k,
fufficlent refourees for the maintenance of I üblic order and
tranquility in Helvetia. There are the coolidereions which
have cauled the determination of the CoLful; and you
ought to regard it as a pledge of his confidence in the vadom
of the Helvetic p opte, and the vicuna the Government, as
well as hi. reludwacc to interfere in the dooming concerns of
other natio,l4.

Accept. Citizen% I.andirnAn anl Stadthrklers, the reni.
mons of my contl,l,ra,:on. (SigtkJ) " vtanitiAc."
sioct.nt4 %Tirol t•r 7111 r rnos/Cft or FZICOTION 01 TNr
