FOREIGN FUNDS.

Very little doing in this Mat ket.—Current Prices: New Spanish
18, Old 21, Colombian 63, Chilian 80 to iablexican Scrap 61 Y 2,
Austrian 121, New Prussian 97, Old 981, Russian 94#,;, French
Scrip 14 to I, Greek 1/, Insurance Shares 22k.
FOREIGN EXCHANGES.

I:lAntauldn, Mascu.l6.—On London, 35. 10. 2M. 36. 7. h.
Prrsiissuncn, MARCH 2.—On London, 9. 13-39; Paris. 99. 4.
Lursic, Masan 12.—0 n London, 3 M. 6. 19. 4.
Braux, Maitcn 13.—0 n London, 3 M. 7. 1. I.
AMSTICILDAM, MARLII 19.—0 n London, 39. 6. 2 M. 39. 4.
PR wE OF STUCK S AT ONE O'CLOCK.
3 per Cent. Cons. 94 941/4
4 per Cents. New 107 106%India Bonds 81s.
Esclequer Bills (13,000) 50s. 495. 50s.
Do. Small 51s. 495. pre.—Bank for Acct. 243%
India for Acct. for Acct. 94.1/4 ys.

On the subject of the Poor Rates much has been writ=
ten by our political economists, and in the columns of
the STAR it has at different times received attention;
but still the evil presses upon society, and on every re-
currence of an advance in the price of the necessaries

of life, the burthen threatens to become more intolerable
than ever; though, unqutstionably, the load might, by
the adoption of judicious means, be much lightened, if
not entirely removed. Our attention has been more
particulerly called to this topic, at the present time, by
a Plan, propoied by Mr. JOHN HALL,for the "Mention
of the present Poor Rates and for the moral improvement
of the lower daises of Society, which has been laid be-
fore the Secretary of State for the Home Department,
accompanied by a letter from the well known philan
thropist, WILLIAMALLEN, of the Society of Friends.
The plan merits the consideration of the Public, and it
cannot but gratify many of our Readers to have its
leading features laid before them. It is not new in all
its parts, nor is it offered by Mr. HALL as such. This,
however, takes not from its merits. On the contrary,
the more evidence that can be adduced of the beneficial
practical application of any of its details, the greater
its value.
It is pretty generally allowed that ever since the esta-
blishment of the Poor Laws, in the reign of Queen ELI-
ZABETH, Crime and Pauperism have gone on increasing;
nor could it be otberways, under such a system : for in
principle, and by the general mode of management,
they hold out premiums for pauperism, invitations to
candidates, and inducements to appear poor.

Respecting those denominated the " Casual Poor,"
Mr. HALL instances one parish in which regulations were
instituted for " inquiring into the real wants of the indivi-
duals demanding relief, and for visiting personally their
declared places of residence, when such a mass of fraud,
falsehood, and imposition was made manifest, that the
amount of payments to this class of individuals was re-
duced From upwards of one hundred pounds per week,
to less than twenty pounds ! Many of the applicants
proved to be the wives of respectable artisans, who were
entirely ignorant. of their applications : many, having
liven false directions, were not to be found at all : others
obtained their livelihood, by pretending partial poverty,
at five or six different Boards held for the relief of the
poor, in as many of the surrounding parishes: with many
other instances of deception too numerous to rel 4te."
" I am sorry [he continues, speaking from practical experience,
as Chairman of a Selest Vestry in the country] that justice com-
pels me to add, that the incitements to trick and chicanery I have
witnessed have not been confined to the Lower Classes, but have
been, and are, acted upon with all the logical subtlety education
can supply, to shift the burtben of maintenance from the estate of
one Gentleman to that of another, in a neighbouring, or sometimes
distant pariah!
" Legal aid is also frequently resorted to, and more money spent
'in each side, Ia litigating the settlement of a pauper, than he of she,
perhaps, ever lives to require in relief.

" Ali the practices of their superiors, in the country, form the
conversation, and Consequently become the guide of conduct of the
inferior classes!
" Ilence if a village possesses two or three, or more mansions and
private houses,• the farmers take care to keep the wages of their
agricultural labourers as low as possible, that the deficiency being
made up out of the Poor Rates, part of the expense of cultivating
their farms any be thrown upon the renting Gentry occupying these
private resideneesa practice winked at by the Land-owners, who,
' if themselves are resident, generally possess influence sufficient to
keep their own charge low.
" On the other hand, where the charge of the poor falls pretty
mucliupon the farms, we see the Gentry, in their capacity as Magis-
trates (as in Somersetshire), issuing their authority for throwing the
nfortunate unemployed labourer and his endeared wife and chil-
dren rtifally upon the mercy of their rack-renting tenantry, by pub-
' T..hing a bill of fare, declaratory, that if it can be proved that the
1 poor fellow earns sufficient to procure bread and water for his fa-
. tufty, no Intel for further relief gull einauate from theca.

" This may be considered as a sort of natural result; for as the
major part of the acting Magistracy in the County are airgypen";
and the warfare kept up with their parishioners about tithes having
occasioned them to be pretty smartly charged to the Poor Rates,
they, in their turn, second the views of the Land-owners from mo-
tives of 'self-preservation.
u In cities and great towns, we see that many respettable
who in their common avocations would shrink at the bare idea at
being thOught capable of a dishonOurable action, will, in their capi

city as Parochial Officers, offer a shilling to a casual pauper as an
inducement to go, the following night, into an adjoining parish to
sleep; that the trouble and expenie of proving a settlement may be
removed from their own ; and will even condescend to describe the
boundaries of their parish, that the poor wretch may know how far
he or she has to, go to earn the miserable wages with which many—

too many, alas !—have been those of death !
" So well aware are the pour of the prevailing feeling of Parish
Officers being to shuffle off the burthen of maintenance from their
own parish, by almost any means, that many instances occur pf
private applications from parishioners of one parish, but living in
another, for an allowance, :kb rosd, for six weeks, or two Months,
or more, to enable them to pay their lodgings for the time requisite
by law to create a settlement In the parish where they reside.—
Thus do the present Puor Laws create a demoralizing incitement
to rich and poor !"
•

The aim, of the author is, by judicious regulations, to
make the paupers contribute to their own maintenance;

and it does apper, from the printed accounts of Receipts
and Expenditure for the Parish of Mary-la-bonne, that

efficient labour can be done by the paupers. In the
year 1822, -the work done by the paupers in that parish
amounted to £1,981 12s. 2d.
" In that work,however, whiclris effected in Workhouses, gene-
rally, the productive part in pounds, shillings,and pence, forms but •
a small portion of the labour performed; as the greater number of
persons are still employed in beating up old junk to make oakum ;
pounding oyster shells, and such like employments as have ever
been, its our Prisons and Bridewells, the occupation of vagrants as
a punishinent ; and, in consequence, cannot but be viewed by the
performers of the labour, with feelings of degradation. This is not
right !—For although humility and every modest feeling should be
deeply encouraged, everything tending to degrade ltu.man nature
should be strictly and uniformly avoided.
" The fact of the existence of a large portion of applicable labour
being satisfactorily proved, it becomes a matter of serious consider-
ation and importance, how the whole, including that now lost or
misapplied by the present system, may he so directed, as at once to
become beneficial to the Country and the performers of it; and
at the same time that a profitable application of this labour is ef-
fected under skilful direction and superintendance, the cost of the
foss of greater part, by the compulsory making up of wages from the
Poor Rates, may be done away, never again to return.

g, This may be effected by horticultbre applied to land upon a
large scale ; or what is commonly termed" garden farming:" that'
is; not gardening, but farm cultivation managed by manual labour
and spade husbandry, and which, from the excessive crops it pro-
duces in comparison with horse and plough culture, and the clean-
ness of the land, from the quantity of labour employed, assimilating
its appearance to a garden, occasions this method of cultivation to.
be termed " garden farming."
A That much is to be effected upon land under judicious arrange-
meat, is fully vouched for by numerous experiments.made by indi-
viduals, by which it has been made apparent, that six persons can
be provided for by the produce of a single acre.

" The late Sir William Pulteney late, a remarkable corrobora-
tive instance of an acre and a sixteenth of land, granted by Lady
Malpas, from Pulley Common, two miles and a half from Shrews-
bury, to a man named Richard Mil'ward,' and which, being cul-
tivated by his wife' Jane,' was made to produce sufficient for the
-support of ber husband, who was tt labourer in the Collieries, her-
self, and six children,—five boys and a girle-4aesides Whom they
buried five! •
" The soil of this land was three or four inches of strong loam,
over a clay impregnated with iron, and called in that country Cat-
brain,'—a soil considered the very worst in the neighbourhood!
Yet did this woman, by collecting all her house and other offal,for
the manuring of her land, confirm the remark of that veteran agri-
culturist, Sir John Sinclair, (who has said, that any soil may be
rendered rich by proper treatment and manure,') make her little
estate considerably more productive than the best farm land in her
vicinity."
" Another instance is to be found in Thomas Robinson, of Head-
ingly, near Leeds, who at this time (January, 1824), is seventy,
years of age, and makes, by cultivating it with his own hand, half
an acre of land, to use his own words,' bring in everything neces-
sary for his family of three persons !' "
If the cultivation of land be merely spoken of for
the reduction of Poor Rates the idea, it is allowed, is
not new. "In Kent, the parisir of Benenden had a farm
which was cultivated by hired labourers with a team of
four horses ; the extent was 86 acres : and after paying
all their expenses, there was carried to the aid of the
parish, £2,00 per annum.
"The pat ish of Cranbrook, being very much burthened

with. Poor Rates, took a farm of 499 acres, at a rent of
£448, and had it cultivated in the common method,
which, speaking generally of the'County of Kent, is a
ver*slovenly method, and the result was a profit suf-
ficient to reduce the rates of the parish six shillings in
the pound. They have seen out one twenty-one years
lease, and have taken another for a similar term !si
The novelty of the plan, suggested by Mr. HALL, is
" the application of the labour to all the improved sys•
tems of agriculture, for the support of all the present
pauper population, and at the same time that this
object is effected, so arranging the employments
of these people, as to 'produce an improvement
in their habits ; tendering them those of industry
and morality; and this too, by the best of all possible
inducements, an inward self•conviction of its propriety:
of its. being the very best thing they can do ; that
injuring no one, and benefitting many, they shall in-
sure comforts, both•here and hereafter, to themselves
and children, without an obligation existing to make
the hum-an mind sensible of debasement!"
The length to which this subject necessarily extends
itself, prevents our going more into detail in this day's
STAR; but, viewing it as one of great importance, we
shall take an early opportunity of resuming it. .

Hamburgh Papers. to the 16th instant, and Dutch
Journals four days later, reached us this forenoon: Ac-
counts from St. Petersburgh confirm the statement in'
the PAtis Journals, of the recovery of the Emperor of
Russia. It is stated, in an article from Leipsie, that
trade is in a state of great stagnation there, but it is ex-
pected to be revived by a law just published, which
considerably reduces the mercantile duties, and give)

particular facilities to the transit trade. The following
are extracts:

ST. PETERSBURGH, *ARCH 2.

The day before yesterday we h, ad the happiness of
again seeing our beloved Emperor in public. His
Majesty, who has entirely recovered from his slight in.
disposition, took a promenade through son e of the
principal streets of the capital. •
His Highness the Gtand Doke Constantine set out
today to returrs.to Warsaw.. .
Vice-Admirals Scbischkow and Crown, are promoted
:to the rank of Admirals.
It is said that several of the Governments of the in:
terior of the Empire, will undergo a reform in their
actual organisation. Counsellor Schroeder, *ho, by
his judgment and zeal, has succeeded in greatly im.
proving the condition of Orell, of which he is civil de.
vernor, has already received directions to organize the
Government of Casan'in the same manner:

Files of American Nets have arrived, to the 25.,h.
February, from which we make the following extracts :

FROM THE BOSTOp PATRIOT, FEBRUARY 20.

CALCUTTA.—The inundations in the Upper Provinces
have done very great damage, paiticulariy to indigo,
one of the safest indigo districts ha, been completely
ruined. The cholera morbus was raging with violcn:e
in some parts of India.
SEPTEMBER Io.—We have received letters from the
Upper Provinces mentioning that the heavy rains have
flooded the rivers. Several hundred villages have been
inundated. Letters from Nuddea give the mo•t Lament.
I►ble accounts of the effects of the late inundations.

FROM THF RICHMOND PAPER, FEBRUARY
FROM St. THOMAS. - St. Thomas' Papers of the
IGth of January, mention that a letter from B.irbadoes
announces the arrival there of two seventy-four gun
ships from England A Fiend} squadron hld been
spoken with on their uay to the West Indies. A con-
siderable number of French troops are said to have ar-
rived at Martinique, ftom France. We understand
that the Honourable James Brown, Minister to France,
who is on the eve of sailing in the United States ship,
cayenne, fer France, is tie bearer of a letter from
the President to General Lafayette, inviting him to
nisi! the United States. We regret to remark the con-
tinuance of an unusual degree of mortal ty in the city
of Philadelphia. The number of deaths last week was
one hundred and forty-two.
FROM .THE BALTIMORE PATRIOT, FEBRUARY 19. '

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, FEBRUARY 16.
" Resolved, that the Committee of Ways and Means
,be directed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
tfie benefit of drawback on all goods, wares, and mer-
ihandie, imported into either of the ports of New York,
Philadelphia, -or Baltimore, and transported from any
one of the said ports to either of the other."

• REVISION Or TOE TAniFr.—The House again went
into a Committee of the whole, Mr. Condict_ in the
Chair, on the Bill to. amend the several Acts respecting
duties on imports. •

t

The last accdunts from Mexico bring the particulars
of a rather serious commotion which took place there
towards the latter end of January. The tumult arose
from the struggles of partici claiming or anxious :o
retain power only, for •it is remarkable that, amid this
strife of rival fictionh there is not heard a 'mur mur
from any quarter of a wish to re-subject the country to
Spanish dominion. It appears that General SAN rANA
and General LOBATO had assembled some troops, and
insisted on the resignation of MICE-IEI,INA and DoxitN-
GUEZ, two of the three to whom the executive power
was entrusted. LOEATO issued a proclamation, in
which he stated, that the Spaniards who were employed
in the chief posts of the State, were exerting themselves
to establish a shameful slavery. Government disco-
- vering symptoms of insubordination in this General, in-,
tended to resist him on the night he issued the pro-
clamation, but he was-apprised of it, and assembled all
his troops in the barracks, from whence he gave notice
to Congress that he would immediately quit Mexico, at
the head of his regiment, if they did not dismiss and
send out of the country MICHEI4NA and Dossmtmx,
together with all the old Spaniards, and such public
officers whose sentiments were known to be inin.ical to
the cause of independence. At first, Congress replied
with energy, and insisted on hie surrendering his
arms ; but as he was firm, they began to treat with him.
On the Roth, the Generals and Commandants in chief
of the corps in quarters at Mexico, met to decide on the
intimation made by the Sovereign Congress to lay down
their arms, and submit to the exiting Executive Power,
on the understanding that the Spaniards would be rc-
moved/These Officers came to the foaon- ing resolutions :

"• 1. That they will not lay down their arms till the Sovereign
Constituent Congress place the executive power in the hands of
Americans of known patriotic sentiments. •

" 2. That all European Spaniards in general, arid all Americans
little attached to the system of liberty, be deprived of their employ-
means till the Spanish nation desists from its hostile pretensions
against the free States of America, and recognize their independence.
" 3. That till the foregoing articles are agreed to, the Re: reseu-
tative Assembly shall guarantee their personal security; and if it
does not do so in the proper time, they shall leave the carnal :o oc-
cupy the points which the General-in-Chief, Citizen Jose Marra
Lobato, shall think proper to fix upon."

This paper is signed by the Officers whose qualities
are alluded to at its commencement.
MICUELINA and MIGUEL Domi-NGUEZ immetEately
issued a Proclamation, stating that.Lonnro had abused
the trust reposed' in him, and that the Sove-reign Con-
gress would not notice the representation he had made
until he laid down his arms. The soldiers became cla-
morous for the arrears of their pay. From the 23d to
the 27th disturbances continued, when, by the resolute-
•
measures taken by Congress and The Executive Power,
an end was put to them without bloodshed ; on the 27th
*vile of the ringleaders was shot, in pursuance Qf his seto

\

lit

-.. •
~:

4' D
if CTIIII

from
GI (
reposi

span

s maji
t3d ii
be we

tete'
with
then

13,
'9Olll
:• ,the 1
whet
that
-whe
an a

P 3134
Min
and
Nal
Brit

V

100

the

Sig
to
11.
wii

sa
Ire
Cst

to
ht
A

V

tsnce, and twenty•two «•ere oppointed.to be tried by a
Council of War. On the Slit of January everything
was tranquil, and the public was quite satisfied, from
the firmness-and courage evinced by the,Congress and
Executive Power, that the public tranquillity would not
again be interrupted.
The Mexican Government has thusproved its strength,
and as the Loan lately contracted for here, will soon en-
able them to pay up Lo -the rnilitaty the I2ng arrears
unfortunately due to them, the general tranquillity is
slot likely again to be soon disturbed. The people of
Dierks) remained perfectly loyal to the Government
during the tumults, and a law has been passed for the
'expulsion of native-born Spaniards from the Mexican
-States. Both SANTANA and LOBATO are' determined
'enemies to Spain.

The following particulars of these disturbances is
extracted from a letter dated Jalapa, 31st of JAIIUaI y:

" Mr Daft Fatten—The firmness of Congress and • of the Go-
vernment on the days of the 24th to the 27th instant, has saved us
from an alarming commotion.
" General Lobato, a man in whom great Confidence had been
reposed for moderation and, sound ideas, assembled In their barracks
a part of his regiment, No. 5, which was then at Mexico, united to
a major part of the garrison, amounting to about 1,000 men, on the
23c1 inst. at night, made known by means of a Proclamation, that
be would not obey the Executive Power; that his object was to
support the Congress for the temoval of the Executive, and that lie
would net lay down his arms until that object was attained; and
also that of removing from public employments all European Spa-
niards resident in the country.
There are twenty-two Officers under arrest implicated in the
commotion of the 27th. ThelChief of them, Stabolli, was to have
been shot on the 28th, and a Council of War was sitting on the
otbers.—it is to be regretted that the principal Chief, Lobato, by
receiving the benefit of the amnesty, has his life spared, Bte. &c."
Lisbon Papers to the 9th inst. reached us this morn-
ing. The Gaulle.: of the 6th and Bth ate filled with
•
extracts from the English, French, and Spanish Journals,
without any internal intelligence, except some orders of
the day relative to the army.

Bayonne Papers' to the 14th inst. and Brussels to the

20th have reached us. The former only inform us that
the King et SPAIN was preparing to go to Aranjuez,

where he was expected to remain several months, and
that there was an idea of sending an expedition to Cuba,
where all the Spanish forces would be collected to make
an attack on Mexico or South America. The Brussels
papers announce the death of Baron Von Jusr, late
Minister from,SaxOny to this country, at the age of 72,
and the appointment of Mr. FALCK, by the King of the
NETHERLANDS, to the high post of Ambassador to the
British. Court.
We received last ni7lll7l7F7pers of Thursday and
Friday. Tlie-only facts of,interest which we learn from

them are contained in the following summary :—Pre-
parations are making for the opening of the Chambers
on Tuesday. The royal sitting will take place in the
Lome. The health of the Emperor ALEXANDER
said, in levers from St. Petcrbburgh, to be completely,
re-established. The treaty of peace between Persia and
Turkey was ratified on the 28th of January. A Rus-
sian Eneoy, who had arrived at Constantinople, has re-
newed diplomatic intercourse with the Government of
the Pone. Arrangements are stated in the Austrian
Observer to be made for the occupation of Napoli di
Romania by a mixed garrison of Ilythiotes,Spezziotes,
and Ipsariotes. The affair of Ithaca, about which so
much has been said, is stated in the same journal to be
reduced to the capture ef one Turkish brig, with 180,000
dollars on board.
The Journal des Debate gives a comparative state-
ment with regard to the composition of the last, and
the present Chamber of Deputies, from which it appears
that in the late Chamber there were 110 Members of
opposition, and that in the present there are only se-
venteen. The right side, from 324, is increased to 413,
a difference of 89, and the four different between this
last number and 94, is explained by the double and
triple election of the same candidate.
Fan-ctt Forns, Rams, MARCH 19.—rive per Cents. opened at
100.80 c. closed at 100 f. 95c.

Letters have been received from our squadron at Al_
giers (uia Marseilles), dated March 2, which state that
the DRY had rene‘sed his engagements with Admiral
Sir HARRY NEALE, not to make Christian captives, and
to abide by the Treaty made with Lord EXMOUTH. Sir
H. NEALE was in consequence about to return to Malta,
with the REVENGE, NAIAD, &C. s
We have been favoured by a-Mercantile House in
town, with the following important extract of a letter
HAVANNAII, FEBRUARY 7.

" The Americans have found'an excellent Port and
Harbour between Vera Crtsz and Alvaredo, where a
beet of any class may lie at anchor in any weather, as
safe as in any barbour or port in the world. All the
vessels in that quarter lately entered into it, and rode
out the late heavy gales without the least danger. This
is an important discovery7—Glasgow Courier.

If we are to believe an article in one of the Hamburgh
Papers received this morning, the problem as to the
moon being inhabited is now completely set at rest, as
a German Professor at Munich, remarkable for " an ex-
tremely quick sight," has not only discovered a fortress,
but several regula►ly made roads, in that luminary.
From the quick sight of the Professor, we may antici-
pate further discoveries; and trust he will be able to
ascertain whether the roads are 11I,Adamized or nut,
and how many guns are ;minted ou the fortress; and
if his telescope is like that of the Irish Baronet, who
could not only see a church twenty miles off, but hear
the congregation singing psalms, the Professor will
Perhaps be able to hear the fortress fire a feu-de-joie on
some public occasion. The following is the article to
vl;icli we have alluded:—

AUGSBURG, MARCH 12.
Protium Gruitlitiien, at Munich, %hose scientific

researches are known to the learned from Dode's Astro-
nomical Calendar and other writings, has spoken in
that Calendar, and in one of his works, of the discovery
which his extremely quick sight, aided by a good tele-
scope of Frauenhofer's making, has been enabled to
make of a colossal building situated near the equator
of the moon, rembling a fortress with straight ramparts,
which are arranged like the lateral fibres of an alder
leaf. We now learn .that he has also discovered a great
many regularly made roads, aim ations evidently made,
by art in natural walls, the clearest traces of cultiva-
tion on the surface of the moon Schroeter af-
firmed tt; exist), and. several other indicatioas of rational,'
beings in that planet.
