.7: 7 7%". `7"-$llll

_ •,:}

_

7• - •
Bonaparte on the Continent—not
for every .5000 we could afford to to
could afford to lose 100,000. It was
contend with the population of France at
and Spain had not made exertions adequate
contest. He had not expected, indeed, that
gal could have been defended so long; and he thought
the greatest praise due to the General and the army,
which, under all the circumstances had done so much.
—The motion was then put and negativeli.
The Lords' Amendments in the Militia Interchange Bill were
agreed to.
Sir THOMAS TURTON moved, in the absence of Mr. She-
ridan, that the consideration of Mr. Mason's Petition, relative to
oppressive imprisonment in Ireland, stand for Wednesday.—
Ordered.
Mr. PRENDERGAST gave notice, that on Wednesday he
would move for the production of all the Paperalhat had been
met to India on the subject of the Missionaries, *lie the first of
!apiary, Iso7.
Mr. WHARTON presented a Return of the number of rank
and Se in the Militia service.—Laid on the table.
Adlisorned till Wednesday.
Ei E EVENING STAR.

rat UPI
o the

LONDON.
TUESDAY. JUNE 25.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAP AT ONE O'CLOCK.
pet NMI. fir opg. 633 84-3 per C. Reduced 62n
4 per Ct. 79H—Otnnium lit dia.
Xsehequer Dills 2s. to par—Boods I 74. 18s. pre.
omonlorml•=8 8

This day a Mail arrived from Lisbon, brought to
Plymouth by the FAVOURITE sloop of war, which left
the Tagus on the 9th. From some of the accounts in
the printed papers, it would appear that Badajos fell
on the sth instant, but the latest letters only speak of
that event as being hourly expected. A considerable
breach had been effected, nor was there the smallest
prospect of the garrison receiving any relief.
We have 'more than once intimated that there was
reason to believe that the French would make great
efforts to collect a sufficient force to enable them to
try the chance of another battle. By the accounts
subjoined, it appears that they have been manifesting
movements of the kind alluded to. Indeed one of
the passengers by the Favourite, says, that a
rumour of a battle in the neighbourhood of Badajos
had got into circulation before the Favourite sailed,
in which the enemy were totally routed.—We cannot
however credit the report without better authority.
Since writing the above, we learn that Dispatches
were received this morning from Lord WELLINGTON,
dated the 6th instant. Badajos had not then fallen,
but his Lordship was in hourly expectation of the
event. The operations of the besiegers were carrying
on with uncommon activity. There had been rnit ge-
neral battle, but the British had suffered some loss in
killed and wounded by the fire from the enemy's
batteries.

We regret to add that Lieutenant HAWKER, of the
artillery, a most gallant and deserving Officer, has
been killed in the trenches before Badajos.
Lord WELLINGTON'S dispatches do not contain any
fact of sufficient importance to warrant the issuing of
a Bulletin from the Foreign Department.

Letters from Elvas of the 3d inst. announce that
the fire against Badajoz opened with the greatest pos-
sible activity, between nine and ten in the morning.
In the same day, between two and three in the after-
noon, an open breach was observed in Fort Ss. Chris-
tavas ; it is said that the enemy abandoned it, after
spiking the guns... From four to five o'clock the file
ceased in the fort. • The fall of •Badajoz is expected
every instant.

Yesterday it was affirmed that there had been an
action in the road from► Llerena to Seville, in which
the French suffered considerably. It was also asserted
that our army had entered the fortress of Ciudad
Rodrigo.
Accounts from Spain positively assert that a divi-
sion of 6000 men, with which General Suchet en-
deavoured to retake Figueras, was completely beaten
and destroyed. _ _ _

An enemy's corps of 2000 men, which attempted
to enter liostalrich, 'mac also routed.

LISBON, JUNE S.
Yesterday (the 4th) was the glorious anniversary
of his Britannic Majesty, of that immortal Prince,
who, by his wisdom and firmness, opposed an invin-
cible barrier to the greatest abyss that ever threatened
to subvert social order, and overturn all the Govern-
ments of the world—the French Revolution ; when
thus uniting all its means and resources in the hand
of the most turbulent and atrocious despot that the
world has ever known, become most formidable, and
appeared to be absolutely irresistible. Then the ge-
nius of England in like manner assumed an hitherto
unknown energy, her fleets covered the ocean, snatch.
ed the trident from Neptune, and asserted her empire
along the shores of mighty Albion.
At this moment the irritated and crafty enemy in-
vaded the provinces bordering on the Baltic and the
peninsula of Spain, in order that possessing the Con-
tinent, he might render less useful to England the do-
minion of the seas. But the noble inhabitants of that
fine peninsula disdained to submit to slavery. On
the banks of the Guadalquiver and the Douro, of the
Ebro, and the Minho, arose at once, and as if by en-
chantment, the shout of liberty. There arrived from
England powerful aid of evety kind ; and more than
all she sent us, in the person of Lord Wellington a
new Marlborough, who, combating in new. fields, de.
feated the French Generals, and dissipated that my-
gic, that illusion which seemed as it were to have fas-
cinated even men of powerful minds and noble hearts.
Thanks to that immortal Prince, who to the benefit
of Great Britain, and to that of the world, has now
for more than half a century swayed his powerful
sceptre. Yesterday his birth-day was celebrated in
this capital with every possible demonstration of joy .
The castle of St. Gear fired salutes, which were
answered by that multitude of ships which covered
the Tagus, ell with displayed colours. In the two
principal squares of Rodin and Tenviso de Paco, the
English and Portuguese troops and artillery were

_

20,1
.

•
.6..•

.0t lo -/.......0040a....00••••,- C 4..,....•••-r--..-,,,
drawn up, and fired repeated trollies. At night the In the most-earnest Manrer, that - your Majesty will
whole city was illuminated, and in the IsTationel deign to place me in a condition to maintain in the
Theatre of the Rue des Condes; which was supejtly part where I command the splendour of his arms, by
oritamented, an eulogium on that great and generate granting me the succours which circumstances oblige
Sovereign was recited. me to ask. A reinforcement of 20,000 men and
Jura 7.—Yesterday we were assured that the for- 1000 artillerymen are most urgently necessary ; other-
tress of Badajos, in consequence of the horrible fire wise I cannot answer for the success of the operations
kept up against it from our batteries, and of having no effectually contributing to terminate in a short time
chance of being relieved, finally capitulated the day the war in Spain.
before yesterday, at five in the afternoon. , " This 'powerful interest and the good of the ser-
Ante B.—Letters received yesterday from Elvas vice of your Majesty, are the motives which induct
by the mail, do not confirm the fall of Badajos ; this
me to supplicate yam to give your attention for a mo.
event, however, may have taken place since the
meat to your faithful army of the South which has
Courier set out, as the letters say, a breach was partly no thought but the glory of your Majesty's army,
effected, and that it could not hold out long. nor any wish but to obtain your approbation.
JUNE 9.—Badajoz still continues to be vigorously u I have the honour to be, with the most profound
respect, and unlimited fidelity, your Majesty's most
attacked by our army.—Seuvr is recruiting his humble, most obedient, and most faithful vassal,
strength in the South; while the French have gather- The Marshal, Duke of DALMATIA."
ed together 24,000 foot and 4000 cavalry at Sala-
manca.—General SPENCER continues with a consi.
derable force on the Agueda and Coa ; while the Lord MELVILLE, who has recently taken his seat in
16th Light Dragoons and Hussars are near Castello
the rocm of his father, the late Viscount, is a con-
stant attendant in his place, in the House of Peers.
1 Branco, ready to advance wherever they may be re-
quired.—Lord WELLINGTON, as usual, ever active— Earl GREY was yesterday honoured with the corn.
I our only anxiety is for his health, which, thank Gon, parry of the PRINCE REGENT to dinner. The party
has hitherto continued excellent. The Marquis of consisted of •
1 CAMPO VERDE has routed Sucher in Catalonia, with The Prince Regent, Duke of York, Duke of Bedrord, Duke
great slaughter, some say 2000 men. We are told of Argyle, Earl of Jersey, Earl of Lauderdale, Lord Holland,
the Cortes has decreed to Marshal BENESPORD the
Lord Kinnaird, Lord Ponsonby, Lord Hutchinson, Right Hun-
, R. Fitzpatrick, Right Hon. R.B. Sheridan, and W. Adam, Esq.
rank and appointment of Lieutenant-General; to Yesterday the avenues to Carleton House were as
BLAKE, that of Marshal ; to CASTANOS, the Great
much crowded as on the night of the Fete itself. The
Cross of Charles III.; to every Officer, a Medal, on number of visitors of the Palace was immense, and
one side Albuera, on the other, Besse Meritus da . fiteleveral hours the great thoroughfare of Pall Mall
Parris ; and to each man, a Dollar. was completely blocked.up by carriages. Every thing,
ST. PEDRO DE ELSA, MAY IS. I we understand, remained in its place, and all the Yeo.
1 On the evening of the 11th Mortier entered Valla- men of the Guards, and servants in their state liveries,
dolid, with all those belonging to the brothel of Jo- were on duty to attend to the company in passing
seph ; he brought the treasury from Madrid, the office • through the magnificent suite of apartments.
lof national prosperity, which continued their progress I An American
for Burgos, taking with them the effects that were in for the last five and who arrived at Plymouth
Valladolid. Seven hundred men have left Benevente ,in a cartel from Mor ut. ix on Saturday meriting, states
in the direction of Asturias, and on their way were that Kum* and other Generals from the Peninsula
I
,
totally routed by Porlier. were treated with the greatest respect in Paris. The
Joseph was on the 6th at Vittoria, and setting out reason assigned for their visit to the capital was that
for France. There are no signs of reinforcements, 'it was necessary to make some new arrangements for
To-day, entered the 2d corps, commanded by Reg- a more effectual system of operations in Spain and
tier, amounting only to 2000 men. The Staff began ' , g Portugal. This gentleman says that, notwithstanding
to advance before noon. It is said that the 6th corps , the precautions taken to prevent the French from
!
is at Salamanca. knowing the real state of affairs in the Peninsula, the
INTERCEPTED LETTER, PROM MARSHAL SOULT TO JOSEPH
Parisians are pretty well informed on the subject, and
'
BONAPARTE. that they very generally condemn the war. Not the
" Smz—The place of Campo Maior capitulated smallest apprehensions are entertained in France of
'
on the 22d instant, after a blockade of eight days—
any rupture with Russia; but an important exchange
of territory was shortly expected to take place in
the garrison are prisoners of war. The Governor .
consequence of a negotiation that is now carrying on.
begged a delay till two in the afternoon, in the hope
of receiving the succours which had been promised BitEAD.—There being no Court of Aldermen this
him : the succour did not arrive, and he surrendered. may. the Lord Mayor, after inspecting the returns,
I found 48 pieces of artillery in the place, which were ordered it to continue at the present prices.
carried to Badat ' Badajoz • at the same time they began to TORBAY, JUNE 23. i
Majesty's ship Comer with
destroy the wor s of• defence, as I had commanded.
Sailed this morning hiso
This was executing, when, on thei24-th, an Anglo-
the trade for Newfunciand. The ANTELOPE and
Portuguese army, commanded by Marshal Berestord, MACKAREL with their convoy remain.—Wind N. E.
arrived at Arronches, and, on the .25th, attacked
FALMOUTH, JUNE 22.,
General Latour Maubourg, who protected the evacu-
ation of Campo Maior. Oar troops performed pro- Sailed the Duke of Kent packet for Halifax and New
II digies of valour, and maintained the shock against York, and the Duke of Clarence packet for Lisbon.
double numbers. „ PLYMOUTH, JUNE es.
44 The Marshal Duke of Treviso- wrote me that Arrived, the FAVOURITE sloop of war, with a mail
I.there were 10,000 English infantry and 3000 horse, and dispatches from Lisbon, which have been landed,
with many Portuguese regiments, which raised the and are forwarded for London; a Cartel, 'rota Moe.
• force of this army from 17 to 18,000 men ; he infor- I lair, which has brought over several passengers ; and
med me ahat Marshal Prince Essling had changed I a small fleet of transports, to take on board reinforce.
his position,•
and marched in the direction of Coim- menus for Spain and Portugal.—Another detachment
bra. At this epoch the Marshal Duke of Treviso of the sth infantry has also marched in, to embark
had received no intelligence of the troops from the for the beer quarter. Sailed, the VAUTOUR, 18
Army of the Centre, which I had with suchae.rncy guns, on a cruize.—Wind N.
begged your Majesty would be pleased to to
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE as.
1 march to Badajoz to strengthen the fifth corps.
48 A Spanish division of 8000 men disembarked in The NYADEN, Captain FOWLER, which passed by
with the West India fleet, on Thursday, the 13th inst.
for the Downs, returned to Spithead, onTuesday last ;
Huelva and Moguer, where they united with a corps
she left England about 18 months ago, and was then
oaf 5000 men commanded by Ballasteros ; I imene-
Idiately ordered the troops of the pith corps, which I
commanded by Captain Comma, who died on the
had brought from Estremadura, to march against
of a consumption. In consequence of the death of
those troops which had just arrived. General Marausin 19th of April last, while on a cruize off Barbadoes,
Captain COTTRELL' Captain Fowtaa, of the CHARTS-
obliged those which were in Moguer to re-embark.
DIN was promoted to be a Post Captain, and appoint.
On the 27th the Hussars destroyed, in the Peninsula
ed to the NYADEN, Lieutenant CLIIPHAN, first of Dila,.
if the Arenilla, a detachment of 500 perfectly well
mounted cavalry, and took 300 horses ;but the di- ed
to be a Lieutenant in the DlatOON.—Dis-
, vision coming from Cadiz, posted themselves in an non, to be a Commander in the CHARYBDIS, and Mr.
ease had been very prevalent in most of the ships at
'lsland at the Mouth of the river Tinto, and from
theece gave orders to occupy Huelva, and commu-
nicate with Ballastems. lam not sufficiently strong the different Islands, and was felt more particularly
to attack this new army. at the English Harbour, Antig
et Marshal Duke of Belluno informs me that a ua, but the winter sea-
son was considered the most sickly. While the Nye-
den and Thetis were at Antigua, they lost nearly every
diz, which makes the number of troops of that nation
Midshipman that was on board, and the mortality
Ca-
in that point amount to 10,000 men ; he fears they
fresh corps of 4000 English have disembarked in Ca-
was very great among the petty officers and marines.
will attack him, and urgently begs reinforcements
The Castor frigate, which lay in the outer bay, lost
from me. Such is the situation of the army of the
two Lieutenants of Marines (one of whom was a pas.
South ; four armies attack it at the same time upon
ranger), several other officers, and many men. The
different ants. I have the honour to most earnestly
Nyaden left at Barbadoes, the Dragon, Admiral Sir
supplicate y
F. LAPORY, Tribune, Atalante, Wanderer, and seve-
thepoour Majesty will be pleased to order all
troops- which are in the Valley of Tagus, under
ral small vessels. The Statira, Orpheus, Gloire, Ga-
the orders of Generals Laboussaye and Martiniere, to •
nymede, St. Pierre, Forester, Frolic, Thetis, Charyb-
dis, Opossum, Star, Peruvian, Cygnet, Demerary,
Sec. were distributed at the different Islands on the
M his absence
march upon Badajoz, placing them, for the present,
• coast of South America. The Castor, Cherub, Ama.
tremadura, t ll the English army depart, and the
at the disposition of the Marshal Duke of Treviso, or
ranthe, Arachne, Surinam, Scorpion,
and Maria, col.
i of the General who cemmands in Es-
tow of Badajoz is free from all insult.
lected the convoy from the other Islands, to St.Tho-
y the Ama.
" I likewise beg your Majesty will be pleased to aden and
mas's. The Arachne accompanied the N
order, by forced marches to Andalusia, the battalions her convoy.to Bermudas, in consequence of
and detachments belonging to the Army of the South, ranthe having charred a French privateer in those seas
which are in the territory of the Centre.
a few days before. The following passengers came
Sire—ln the name of the service of the Em
home in the Nyaden : Captains BARCLAY and \Vit-
LOCK ; Lieutenants LAMB, WlLson, Uwe, and B -
pe.
SHOP, of the Navy ; Lieutenan wATERS and GRAVES,
such, that without the succour which I solicit, the
of the Marines ; Mr. HewLerr, master in the navy ;
IS ..
ror, I snake bold to renew my supplications to your
Majesty ; the situation of the Army of the South is
among the Civilians were, Judge SMITH, and Messrs.
success and preservation of Andalusia cannot fail
MACNAMARA and HILL.
of being endangered ; this crisis is without doubt
the Deal boats,on the coast of France, arrived here
Eleven of the gold smugglers, which were taken in •
the last effort of the enemy ; and we may hope .
yesterday in the Phipps schooner, and were put on
hoard the Royal William, where they are confined
its result will be the pacification of the Spanish Pro- I
vinces.—l have the honour to be, with die most pro-
found respect, sire, your Majesty's most humble, and I
most obedient servant, lull the intention of Government is known respecting
1 . APRIL 24.—Arrived his Maje
from sty's ship a
cruize. EINNBURCHE
them'
4‘ Marshal Duke of DALMATIA." I
, YRIAN
" Seville, March SO.—To his Majesty the King of Spain, &c." from the Downs, and the T
1 lb " It appears by accounts that the Prince of Essling
was ordered to make a retrograde movement : it is I DEAL, JUNE 24.
probable that this circumstance has been the occasion I Sailed his Majesty's strip 'ip EDINBURGH, for Ports-
,of the English detaching an army against Badajoz. ' mouth ; Pietas cutter for ditto; Hope, Elisha Tucker,
44 We shall all fulfil our duty —but your army of Martha, and Betsey transports, under convoy of the
the south is much too weak to support such a shock CRACKER gun-brig, for Leith. Arrived the NAIAD '
with that certainty of success, which your Majesty frigate from a cruize, and the PLUM schooner
from
• - '"" "
ought always to expect from your armies. I entreat, Portsmouth. . ,

su; • .-

..r '-'•
.r• .!

,\
