IMPSRIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JULY S.
In the absence of the LORD CINANCZ LLOI. Lord Taw:mums
took his seat upon the woolsack, as Deputy Speaker.
Sir Alexander Omit and others, from the House of Commons,
brought up the Arms (Ireland) Bill, and the Treasurer of the
Navy Fees Bill, which were read a first time.
Petitions were presented from Kilkenny, against the increase of
tales in Ireland ; from places in Yorkshire, against negro slavery ;
from the licensed victuallers of Stenehouse„ Plymouth, Margate,
Birmingham, Lancaster, St. Botoiph, Aldgate, Res against the
Beer Bill.

Lord DURHAM moved for certain papers relating to Canada.
Agreed to.
The Duke of RICH 310 ND, in presenting a petition from the
licensed victuallers of London against the Beer Bill, said that he
had no objection to the principle of the Beer Bill, but he thought
that they would be interfering with the police of the licensed houses,
and the vested rights of the publicans, rights which bad contlnucd
for upwards of 300 years, if they allowed beer to be drank upon the
premises.
Mr Huie and others, from the House of Commons, brought up
the Abolition of Fees Bill upon the demise of the crown.
The LORD CHANCELLOR gave notice that, on Friday, be
would move the second reading of the Quarter Session (Scotland)
Bill. He should not say anything on the bill but this, that the bill
in question was approved of by all those that were competent to ft.r.n
at opinion upon the question.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a petition from Mid.
Lothian against the Quarter Session (Scotland) bill, and praying to
be heard by Counsel against the bill. The Noble Earl said that all
Scotland were against the bill, which upset every legal arrangement
of the different Courts of that kingdom
Lord Al ELV ILL& supported the principle of the bill, and in
doing so begged to express his dissent from the remarks made by
the noble earl, respecting the feelings of the people of Scotland to.
wards the bill.

After an observation from the Earl of LAUDZIDALS,
The Duke of HAMILTON was opposed to the bill, and
thought that such a measure should not be hurried through the
house.

The Duke of Richmond, the Earl of hlalmesbury, Earl of
Shaftesbury. Earl Rosslyn, and Lord Whamlife, said a few
words on the 'abject of calling in Counsel on the second reading of
the bill. or when the Bill was in committee. The conversation then
dropped.
