CUSTOM-HOUSE, JUNE 25..

•
Sinn E IIIWARIIS—The James, from St. Mary's; Najade,
from Pi!tau •' and Victory, from Harlingen.
EXTICIRED 0111 WA aos—The Active, fur lianiburgh ; Jane, fur
Naples; Success, for Tenerife; Unity, for ltiga ; Itxdlighter, fur
Stockholm ; and Fountain, for Genoa.
C` t. RUG Outwaitou—ile Fortitude, for Barbadoes; George,
for Ceylon ; Minor, fur Gibraltar ; Rebecca, and Montreal, tor
Tobago.

ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.
Yesterday the Anniversary of the Society established
for the Abolition of Slavery in the British Colonies, was
held at the Freemasons' Tavern, where upwards of 2000
Ladies and Gentlemen were assembled at 12 o'clock. His
Royal Highness the Duke of GLOUCESTER in the Chair.
The Secretary read the Report of the proceedings of
the Committee during the last year. It recited the
proceedings of the House of Commons on the subject.
it adverted to the threat of revolt which had been ut-
tered from Jamaica and other Colonies, and said, that
since such threats had been found ineffectual, the tone
had been altered. Indeed such threats were most
ridiculous, but they manifested the spirit of the Colo-
nies. The Report urged that public discussion of the
question was highly beneficial, and ought to be perse-
vered in. It had been charged that plots and conspi-
racies had been entered into by the slaves, in conse-
quence of the rash proceedings of the Society.—
If plots and conspiracies had arisen amongst the
slaves, they were properly to be ascribed to the in-
flammatory proceedings and parochial meetings of
the slave proprietors themselves. But the Society
would find that no such alarming steps had been
taken by the slaves. It was indeed true that -twelve
slaves had been tried and executed at Jamaica.
With that exception, however, there was but one in•
stance of conspiracy, and that was of a very shallow
nature, in Demerara. The Report compared the mo-
derate conduct of the refractory slaves with the merci-
less conduct of their masters when they regained their
power. It alluded to the prosperity of the States of
Hayti and St. Domingo,_ as an answer to all that had
been urged against the further emancipation of slaves.
It went on with a recital of facts tending to prove the
superior benefits of free to slave labour. It stated that
the bounties and protecting duties in favour of the
West India produce, a tax upon the nation of at least
a million and a half per annum, tended to, and in
fact were, the support of slavery. The friends of
emancipation should, it stated, exert themselves to pro-
cure the abolition of those imposts. The Public, in-
deed, had it in their power, by a slight restraint on op-
petite, by the refusal to use We-t India sugar, to put a
period to the system. During the last year no amelio-
ration of the Slave Code had taken place in the Colo.l
nies. The Report concluded with announcing, that 120
Auxiliary Institutions had arisen throughout the coun-
try within the last year.
The Honourable AGAR atrs• moved, that the Re-
port should be adopted and printed, and that the
Thanks of the Society should be given to the Vice-Pre-
sident and Committee, for the able manner in which
they had compiled it.
Mr. J. STerstens rose to second the motion, and was
received with the greatest applause. He alluded in a
powerful manner to the former gloomy prospect which
presented itself to the Society, and to the present con-
trasted anticipations of the humane pair of mankind.
One of the greatest points achieved was the interdiction
of that not less injurious and opprobrious system than
the original detestable traffic—the Slave Trade between
the Colonies themselves. If his Majesty's Government
had cot ceded nothing else, this was a concessicsa of vital
importance, as it laid the foundation of other improve-
ments, and as it prevented the removal from one colony
of a slave, whose condition might have been amended.
to another colony, where he would be phiced umier
worse laws, and in a more rigorous situation. The
friends of emancipation were charged with having al-
tried their grounds, and asked what they never before
thought of. Mr. Stephens, in answer to this charge,
read the Report of the proceedings of what was called,
the West India Committee, on the 14th of December,
1796. This Committee, which consisted of the most
respectable We-t India Proprietors, stated to the body
of their constituents, that it was the intention of Mr.
Wilberforce to propose the Abolition of the-Slave Trade,
and a reform in the condition of the slaves ; that the pro-
jects of the abolition and reform were fraught with ruin to
the property of the slave owners, and they ought, as they
were likely to be adopted, to be anticipated by the latter,
who would' be better able to carry the proposed altera-
tions into effect with security to their interests and pro-
petty. 'nie propositions of relomi made to the Legislative
e chitfly,that a moral and Christian edu-
cation should be given to slaves, and that their testi-
mony should be admissible in Courts of Justice. These
propositions were backed by recommendations from
Parliament, and the highest authorities. In consequence
of the West India Proprietors having taken the subject
out of the hands of the ft iends of emancipation, the lat-
ter desisted from pressing their projects of reform. Yet,
what was the eff,:ct of thus surrendering the cause into
the hands of the West India Proprietors themselves ?,
He would ask them to look at the condition of the slaves
now, alter twenty-seven years had elapsed. The ex-
istence of all those barbarous laws which trammelled
their condition, bad been made notorious to the country
in the late discussion of Parliament. It was then shewn,
that the evidence of slaves was still declared inadmissi-
ble to obtain justice against a proprietor, while it was
admitted as sufficient evidence on which to condemn a
Christian Pastor to death, on statements the most ab-
surd and improbable that ever were found in the tales
of romance—(Applause). The evidence of a slave was
admissible, although he was swearing for his own life,
and under the influence of terror, which, in this coun-
try, would have disqualified the most intelligent and
upright member of the community, if he came forward
as a witness. With respect to education, to this day no
provision whatever had been made by the slave pro-
prietors, and what was the treatment which was re-
ceived by those Missionaries who went forward to give
a moral and teligious education to the slaves? They
were subjected to martial law, and hunted down as
the promoters of rebellion, blood ,lied, and murder. lie
concluded by an eloquent appeal to the Society to per-
severe until the great national crime, the existence of
slavery iii their Colonies, was wiped away—(Loud
cheers).—The motion was carried unanimously.
The Hon. BAPTIST NOEL moved a resolution, expres-
sive of the determination of the Society to pursue their
great objects with unabated perseverance.
Mr. ToostAs i%lacauLgv, jun. seconded the motion
in an eloquent speech on the present state of slavery
and society in the Colonies. He commented on the
proceedings on the trial of Mr. Smith, whose Judges,
he said, would live in history, and be classed with the
names of the Judges of Ridley and Latimer—(Loud
applause). Ile solicited the
.Society to eedouble their
exertions, and to consider every obstacle as an incite-
ment to additional exertions.—The motion was carried
by acclamation.
Lord CALTHORPE congratulated the Meeting on the
power which they had gained to their cause by the
eloquence of the young advocate. The Noble Lord

r~~

commented with mud' force upon the ease of Mr. Smith,
and the proceedings which had arisen upon it in the
House of Commons, and concluded by moving a Reso-
lution, expressive of the concern and abhorrence which
the felt at the recent proceedings in Demerara,
and their sympathy at the condition of the widow of
Mr Smith. The Resolution also expressed their thanks to
Nlr.Brougham, and other Members of the House of Com-
mons, for the able manner in which they had vindicated
the conduct of the unfortunate Minister of the Gospel.
Mr. TAYLOR, of -Money, seconded the motion, and
expressed his hope that the public would not confine
themselves merely to an expression of sympathy at the
condition of the widow, but that they would exert their
charity towards her and her fatherless children. Mr.
Smith's advocates in the House of Commons had en-
titled themselves, not only to the gratitude of their
country, but to a still higher reward—(Cheers).
Dr. Lusittnwrox returned thanks, and said, that it
was his firm opinion, that it was for the abolition of de-
very they must look. It was his firm conviction, from
long attention, that no project of amelioration, that had
not abolition for its object could be effectual. He did
not believe it to be given by Goo to man to form a
code of slavery. How were they in such a code to re-
gulate the relation of brother and sister, when the one
was in slavery and the other free ? How were they to
prevent those numberless violations of decency and vir-
tue that ever had been, and ever would be, the effect of
slavery? How could they expect any code of laws to
be obeyed by those who were deprived of all incite.
ments to virtue by the loss of hope, and the degradation
to which they were subjected? They ought to urge
that emancipation should be prepared for with the great-
est speed, and never to lose sight of the pi that a
state of slavery was a thing which could never be endured.
Ile held in his hand a motion for a vote of thanks to
an individual whose name had only to be mentioned to
ensure its reception—it was to the Rev. Mr. Austin, of
Demerara—(Cheers). Whether they looked at him as
connected with the Colony, or with the constituted Go-
vernment, his conduct was equally admirable. Ile
dared the anger of the Planters, although he had every
thing to fear from their power; and was always found
by the side of Mr. Smith as his comforter, consoler,
aider, and assister, to the last moment—(t peers). His
conduct would place him aloft in the annals of heroic
virtue. If he should be driven from his house and
home, England would receive him with open arms.
After a few observations from AI r. J. Smith and Mr. Wilberforce,
thanks wet e voted to the Chairman, and the Meeting separated.
