K

• •

A

- - -
THE PRINCE REGENT'S COURT.

PRESENTATION OF THE ADDRESS FROM THE

UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD.
Yesterday his Royal Highness the PRINCE REGENT
held a Court at Carlton House, which was attended
by his Cabinet Ministers, the Ministers of State, Ott-
cexs °fare Royal Household, Bcc. for the purpose
receiving the Address of the University of Oxford, d
congratulation on the late glorious victories of our ar-
tides and of our Allies. A Guard of Honour, under
the command of Colonel FA ED, accompanied by the
Duke of Yogic's, or First Regiment of Foot Guards'
hand, in their State uniform, marched into the court-
yard of Carlton House, about half-past one o'clock.
A party of the Yeomen of the Guard, under the
command of a Lieutenant and a Yeoman Usher, took
their stations in the grand hall. The Royal servants,
in their State liveries, lined the hail. The Marshal-
men, the Gentlemen and Under Porters, alio at-
tended.

A few minutes before three o'clock, the procession
arrived at Carlton-House, consisting of Dr. Joirs
Cor.g, the Vice-Chancellor of the University, preceded
by the Esquire and Yeomen, with their silver staffs
of office ; fullimed by the Rev. W. LAND; N, D.D.
Provoia of Worcester College; the Rev. TnoMAs
• 1).1;. Pi-esident of Trinity College ; the Rev.
llousos, 1).1.). Principal of Brasenose College ;
tile ten others of the Deputation from the University,
• uho wenr jt4ined by a more numerous assemblage
than can be:recellicted by those about the Court,
amounting to ak,out two hundred. They were rt•-
, CAiVecl •by the band with grand martial music. The
procession was sliew.n into the room adjoining the
Levee-!loom.

Alter some time, the Pares RECENT, having been
4eaLed OR Itis throrT, dressed in full regimentals, and
iremigg the Order of St. George, attended by
1 he Lord Glancelor, the Lord Presitir Rt of the Council, the
Lord Privy Seal, the Firit Lord of the Treamry, the Chancellor
of the Excheq'ner, the Macer• General of the Ordnance, tke Se-
cretary of Stat, for the War and Colonial Department, the Pre-
sidet:t the Buard of Controul, the Chancellor of the Duchy of
Lancaster, the I.t.rd Fi.ttr.ir,!, the Master of the Horse, Lord ,
•Gravw sa the Lord in :•1‘ Keppel a) the Groom
in Waitin;, the Vice-Chamberlain, the 'Treasurer (tithe liouse-
told, the Coati:tin!ler of the Household, and a numerous party
of ceottemeo Pensiont t.s in their full uniform.
tt iseiu4
„St. ,P.ttrick's Day, those who are mem-
bets of the different Orders wore their collars, and
ihaintnekt, which added considerably to the magni-
.fi.eence and the appearance of th! Court.
f.t.:lcession was joined at C triton House by his
Atcy4ll-lighcess the Duke of Yonkt, who appeared in
his robes as. a Doetkir of Civil Law, and a member
of the Uoircrsity of Oxford. The Archbishop of
Yont, tho iliahops of LONDON, CAULISIOI:, OXFORD,
and Sonon :rld MAN, The distinguiihed characters
among iliot.e in the procession were— .
The Earl a Rathtor, lord Kenyon, Sir W. Scott, one ()FOR.
Members for the University, the King. 4 Advocate, Earl of Dela-

mar, Sir Job:: NiAOl, an;.l Sir Iltoity Milford.
Two Gentlemen Ushers announced to the whole
the PRINCE RIciENT being in readiness to receive
;he:u, and conducted them to the entre-room, where
the Lotto ,CLIA11110:111.A;% received and cotithfcted
them into the presence of his Royal Highness, n his
. Throne, taking to the right of the VICE Citascw.on,
his ftoyil Highness the Duke o± Yowii, taking to the
left of the YHA CHANCELLOR, when they approached
to the P►(txrE RweNT, with the usual forms. 'l'lw
.Address was read by the VICE CHANCELLOR. Tlie
lines :N, as is customary, read his answer. They were
• all most grkcionsly recei •ed, and had the honour to
kiss his Royal Highnes:;'s hand.
Earl BATHURST officiated as Secretary (or the
Boni-Department, Viscount 84 nmourit being pre-
wented from attending by indisposition.
• The Earl of LivEkrout, had a long audience of the
•
,w4wo.E R. ,ENT,

'

Our letters from Oxford mention that, in conse-
• liquence of Mr. RICHANDei late advancement to the
/leach, by which a Candidate for the Representation
• of the University on 2ny future vacancy is with-
.drawn, a .sort of a canvass has commenced in favour
of two or three other Gentlemen, by their respective
friends; amongst them we have heard the names of
Mr. WICMERELL any the Right Hon. C. BaTuuttsT.
Towards the latter, we understand, a generally fa-
vourable disposition is expressed by that learned Body.
We understand that Miss AIJCIN is the Author of
entitled " Lorimer," just published. It is
the production of a very superior mind, and
tie gleatest.creet on the writer whoever she

NS*l Eli, MARCH 16.—A dreadful accident nc-
town yesterday evening, by the falling
over the kitchen of Mr.-JouN WY NIDE, a re-

maitster and merchant. The floor, it appears,
Jed with t large ojtAntity of wheat, but not be-
iperly •Secuted, snow the timbers-gave way,
whole VlltSiiivant4nr,Rislyprecipitated through
floor, into the kitchen, where Mrs. WYNDE,
four children, and two female servants, were
An alarm being immediately given by a man-
who happened fortunately to escape, though
,early bre ist high, the most prompt assistance
doi, and IA less than half an hour the whole
out; the three yuanger children were dead
't-cation, a,fi the two s.er vahts from violent
Js and frachires on their head; every exer-
Made by a ntio.b.:r of medical men, who
in upon the s'ot, to restore animation, but
ellect. Mrs. Wyncfe, her aunt, and the el-
ni.raculouslyescared death, the aunt
it;ht,:r being found in an upright 'situation, co
bout hi e..st high with fallen timbers, bricks,
rti. Mrs. WyildAA was the last that was dis-
:t srcpt the two servants)upon the fl•icr, under
ht the rubbish, and by pttper exe_tt;ons, was
,riveted; but her immeniee inquiries about
Area. and her 1 imentat;ons.- when informed
to of her ..oily, were heart.rending beyond
:ion. Itide,:d such a truly distressing scene was
ever witnessed. Mr. Wynee, wl had been
Aed to Worcester Assizes, arrived this morn
ClO**, and those who Are husbands and pa-
'y kel, but cAnnot describe, his SICII4IOII-
- instant of neatly the whole 01114 family !

i
FRENCII P 4 Rift:.

PARIS, MARCH 12.
The success of our armies (H 4) as not slackened
any of the preparations for the defence of Paris. We
are continuing to place the town of St. Dennis in a
respectable state.
Notice is given that the audience (ibis Excellency
the Minister of War, which was to have taken place
to-day, is put off to the 19th.
The official declarations of the Magistrates of the
towns which have been temporarily occupied by the
enemy, prove, in the most authentic manner, that
these troops regard the pillage and destruction of Paris
as the object and recompence of their invasion. Men
worthy of credit, vtho have been witnesses of the con-
duct Gt the Russians and Prussians, and who are very
numetous in this capital, whither they have come to
find an asylum, confirm the truth of these reports.
They unanimously assert that the soldiers, and
even the enent) 's Chiefs, boast of entering Paris
without resistance, ot pillaging the city, of choosing
from among the inhabitants, labourers, artizans, ar-
tists, and young women, to be sent to Russia ; of
driving out the rest ot the population, and after-
wards to set fire to the houes.

It is chiefly the Russians who display the greatest
inveteracy in these projects (f destruction. As they
want money, clothes, and provisions, and as they
have extensive deserts to people, they would gaiir the
height of their wishes were they to depi ive us of our
moveable wealth, and reduce to slavery the indus-
trious part of our population. They would transport
our workmen into bleak Russia, where they would
make them labour for their-profit, until the knout,
disease, cold, or hunger, put an end to their exist-
ence. These projects ought to surprise us little on
the parrot the Russians, who are in general strangers
to every idea of civilization, and every sentiment of
humanity..
The horrible excesses which they have committed
most certainly are not the first of which they have
been guilty. Their conduct at Warsaw, on the se-
cond revolution of Poland, sufficiently proves of what
they are capable. Eighty thousand human b?ings
were put to death in cold blood by these Tartars.
The Vistula was encumbered with dead bodies, and
the flames consumed the subuzb of Riga. Nothing
was respected, neither churches, nor houses of cha-
rity, nor hospitals. They had reserved the women
and girls to serve them as slaves, but in a at of fury
they put them to death.
In tine, there is no sort of crime with which they
are not stained, and no language is sufficiently strong
to paint their atrocity. Such are the enemies who
wish to come to Paris, and who think of entering it
as if it were a village.
The English division anchored in the great road of
Rochelle was complsd, at the date of the id of this
month, of five ships and four sloops.

COPY OF A LETTER Efte%f THE GENERAL or oivzsie.N
COUNT DESSAIX, TO TILE FREFEcr uF THE DLFART-
SIENT 11/410NT Bf.ANC.
" St. bilien(LernAti), March 2, I Al 4.
_ _ _

" My advanced posts are three quarters of a leagut
ftsim Geneva, and I hope, that by the first opportu..
nity we shall he naastets of that city. We had yes-
tertloy a very wain.* afrair ne tr St. Julien. The
enemy presented to us one battery of 14. pieces, and
several qif 1Z and in spite of this great superiority hc
lost the field of battle and all his positions. Our sot-
.diets have perforrnA prodi:gies of valour.
" A superintendent of Douaniers made himself
alone 13 prisoners. Atiother soldier made eight. Th 2
inhabitants are so irritated at the bad treatment they
received from the enemy, that we had mush trouble
to prevent them from assassinating 50 prisoners.
The loss of the enemy has beel much more con-,
siderahle than ours ; we hear that he has blown up
the bridges of Geneva.
" Fort L'Ecluse Wa6 taken yesterday ; the column
which captuted it, was yesterday evening two leagues
from Geneva. (Signet') " DESSAU."

DUTCH AND GERMAN PAPERS.

EBERFELD, MARCH 5. ,

This day the last division of Swedish troops, be-
longing to the army of the Crown Prince, passed
through here, on their road to Cologne. Yesterday
the legion, composed of German and Russian troops,
under Count Walmoden, left us to take the same di-
rection. The Crown Prince is hastening southward
with the utmost expedition, to assist the allies in their
advance upon Paris.
HAGUE. MARCH

His Royal Highness the Sovereign Prince of tTie
Netherlands, in consequence of the delays that have
unavoidably taken place in raising a military force in
the present disorganized state of the country, has ap-
{•ointed several additional Commissioners to enter
upon the duty of procuring recruits, and perfecting
and bringing into the field the Landstrum.

BREDA. MARCH 9.
The greater part of the prisoners takes at Soissons
by the Allies has been sent hither, and from hence
have been conveyed onward to Rotterdam, Durt, Su.
MALINES, MARCH 3.

The garrison of Antwerp, four days since, made a
sortie with 4.00 infantry and 50. cavalry. These troops
took the dirtction of Lierre, and their object was to
~btain provisions. The advanced posts seeing the
vanguard approach, discharged their pieces, and the
:darn) WAS instantly given. The Saxon Lancers pre-
sently assembled, put sited the enemy, and rnside some
prisoners, the rest seeking refuge lay a hasty return v.)
the town Several of the garrison availed themselves
of ►his opportunity to desert. The excursion acquired
for the enemy some cattle.

704rable delis!
We uner
the Tale, en
evidently the
reflects the E
nay be.
LEONTINsT
curre.-I in thi
of a floor ove
Apect ble Ina
vva,i lo.eded v
ing pi rwtrly
and the whnl,
a secc.nd An:
her aunt, fou
sitting. An ;
At rvant, wht
• but lett neat!
wßSatroydo'
'Were dug on
from sUti ca
conti;sions
tion waS
' were soon ol
without effv,
Tlest
and d:int;ht.
•ered about
. ,
an.i g.'a in.
cov, reclie sc
the u hole (St
soon term,'
the children
of the fate
.deac,ription.
scitcely eve
imabr mused
ing by expri
rents m ty 1
bereft in en
