Plants.

Towards the en (I of the month, the miueltoe is in request, along
with other evergreens, to decorate churches and private houses.
The singularity of the growth and form of the misseltor brought it
into repute among the Druids, for the purposes of mystical super-
stition, and its use has thence been continued many centuries after-
wards—so difficult it is to eradicate any thing of this sort from the
minds of the people when once it is fairly rooted. It was long
thought to be impossible to propagate this plant. In the natural
state, the seeds are said to be dropped by the missel thrush, which
feeds on the berries. Lately, however, it has been successfully
propagated, by causing the bruised berries, which are very viscid,
to adhere to the bark of such fruit trees as have been found most
congenial to their growth. Upon the bark of these the seeds readily
germinate, and take root. Some trees, such ss the oak, the beech,
and the hornbeam, still tenaciously retain their leaves, probably
because the life of the twigs on which they grow is not sufficiently
vigorous to throw them of after their brown colour indicates that
they are dead.
Insects.

The December moth (Digester pepuli) now makes its appear-
ance. It is remarkable that, in several other species of moths
which appear in the perfect awe in the winter months, the female
is not furnished, u the male is, with wings—though considering
the habits of female insects, thia is not to be so much wondered
at, for Nature leaves it to the instinct of the males to find them
out ; and, while they remain motionless, stationary, or nearly so,
the males are pursuing their Bight in every direction, continually
on the wings and seldom alighting. Besides the moth just men-
tioned, one or two others now make their appearance ; and, in
open weather, the common goat (Wes pipieru,) and several of its
congeners, may be observed en the windows of rooms, or dancing
under the shade of trees.

-
Birds.
Few naturalists of any note now believe in the submersion of
swallows under water during the winter, a drcuntstance not long
ago confided in by naturalists of the highest name, such as Danes
Barrington, Klein. and even Llamas himself, who talked of their
assembling on reeds, and on the banks of rivers, and ringing their
swallow song before they dived. But, were this so, our fishermen
could not fail to drag some of them from their biding-places with
their nets, a thing which has never been known to happen. Inde-
pendent of this, their physiological structure renders it impossible
for them to exist for many minutes under water, and it is contrary
to all analogy in the class of birds; for not even the sea-fowl.
which live constantly in the water, are able to remain any time
submetged. To put an end at once to the controversy. our Eu-
ropean swallows have been repeatedly seen crossing the Mediterra-
nean, towards Africa, at their autumnal departure, and hf. Adan-
son, who was too good a naturalist to be easily deceived, found
them daring the winter in Senegal. •

USEFUL REMARKS.

Of all poverty that of the mind is the most deplorable.
It is Impossible to make people understand their ignorance ; for
it requires knowledge to perceive it , andtherefore be that can per.
calve it hath it not.—Bisitop TaAr.
By looking into physic.' causes our minds are opened and en.
larged ; and in this pursuit, whether we take or whether we lose
the games the chase is certainly of service.—Barke.
Knowledge directeth practice, but yet practice increaseth know.

ledge. - -
The end of leaniing is to know GOD, and oit of that knowledge
to love and to imitate him, as we may the nearest by possessing
our souls of true virtue.—Milton. .
Remarks on Weather.

The frost of this month, the first of the winter quarter, are
very seldom of long continuance. The mean temperature of the
whole year is not found to Lay, in different years, more than four
degrees and a half.
The Moon's Changes.
First Quarter-31 day, lb. 33min. night.
Full—Roth day, lh. 36t01n. afternoon.
Last Quarter-16th day. 3h. 4min. morning.
New-26th day, 6b. 36mtn morning.

EXECUTIONS IN JAMAICA.

BUFF BAY (ST. GEORGE'S,) San. 4.

The awful sentence of the law was carried into effectat squarer
past 11 this forenoon, on the persons of Allick Brown, David Car-
michael, Thompson Brown, and George Norman, slaves in the pos-
session of Mrs. Isabella Graham (of colour,) for the murder of her
husband, Wm. Graham (of colour,) in June, 1827.
The criminals approached and ascended the gallows in the most
firm and collected manner, after which they requested permission
to address their fellow slaves, that they might advise them not to
follow their example. They reiterated a confession of their guilt,
which they had made the preceding day, and declared that they had
not of themselves any intention of committing murder, but bad been
induced by Mrs. Graham, Miss R. Ohlson, and Robert Ducat, to
murder Mr. Graham. Allick Brown said that Mrs Graham first
told them to do it, or otherwise the negroes would be sold fur debts
of Mr. Graham, and they would lose their houses and grounds. lie
replied, he could not do it ; he did not r lard his losses, be would
And " fire and water" every where. the slaves were repeatedly
urged ; and on the night of the murder, Hubert Ducat, Amon tell
o'clock, went to their bosses and called them up, and said they
must kill Mr. Graham. Thus urged, they executed the horrid decd.
The criminals asked for the Gutter Head tastily, and fur !wee
Johnson (the Crown witness,) and for John Wray, and said they
ought to have attended, and they (the criminals) might prove to
them that, though they bad brought them to the gallows, they fist.
gave them • they said they died in peace and goodwill with every-
body. They repeatedly spoke to their wives and children and
others, and recommended them to live well, to take care of one
another, and to avoid bad advice, and not to do as they had done.
Allick Brows called a woman by name, and desired her to convey
his remembrance to the Gutter Head family, and tell them he for-
gave them.; he uttered a most affecting prayer. I be of rats also
prayed, and they all evinced a fortitude and resignation surpas-ing
what I could have imagined it possible for people to do sti.stirmi is -
their terrible situations, with ropes about their necks, ready to be
launched into eternity.
The Rev. Mr. Griffiths attended, and prayed with them in a
manner that sensibly touched the A-clings of all present. The
struggles of the dying sufferers were soon ended ; in three mi-
nutes they all appeared dead. Mr. Griffiths was most assidious

The murder was planned by all the family at Gutter Head, ex
cept . Harriet Maori (she is the mother of Robert and Mitch
Ducat.) The criminals and other slaves were repeatedly tried by
the family to be induced to murder Graham, but they would no+.
That on one occasion Mrs. Graham wcnr to Buff Ray, leavind
word to have her husband dispatched ; and that when she returned,
and found it was not done. she was very angry. On the day or
the night of the murder Mr.. Grahtun had his bedstead taken
down, and Iris sheets seta to the river, ordering at the same time a
shake down, (I. e. a pallet) lobe made in the ball (which has a dirt
floor) for him that night. She went to Buff Bay in the evening,
leaving directions to bare bins killed—his place of sleeping was
changed to the hall, that the murd might have more room ts,
get round him ; that, about ten o'clock at night, Robert Duct
went to the negroes' houses, and called them up, when they pro-
ceeded to the Etickra-house ; Elizabeth Ohlson gave them plenty
of rum to drink, before they could make up their minds to do the
horrid died. They went into Graham's apartment, and seized
him; he jumped up, and cried out very loudly, " Murder ! mur-
der !" They were frightened, and about to egoist, when Ducat
looked on and said, " if you don't finish the work now, he will
pity the devil with you sat." Thy then grasped him, and :nor
tiered him, as related by Isaac Johnson, whose testimony they cm -
robor.rted, except as to the use of a cord. Mick Brown said he
had no cord; he strangled Graham with his hands. Robert
Ducat and Elisabeth °Mum, and two slaves, named John Brown
and John Wray, looked on. Ahick Ducat walked up and down
the piazza adjoining.
They declared no reward was promised them, and none given.
They said all the slaves of Gutter Head knew of the murder.
The other criminals said George Norman ought not to be exe-
cuted, as he only looked on, and did not assist in the murder,
though be did in the conveyance of the body to the river.
They asked why the Gutter. Head family were out taken up to
be banged as well as they, and said ft was because they were poor
slaves. They said they would have confessed before. but that
Robert Ducat spoke to them at night through the grating of the
gaol, and told them they must not tell any thing, and he would get
them free from trouble. He gave them some cigars.
Thus has been brought to light, and partly to justice, one of the
most atrocious murders that stains the Anita, of the Island—a wife
instigating her slaves to the murder of her husband land for the
mercenary coodderation of securing her property from sale for the
payment of his debts.
Let us earnestly hope that justice will, ere long, overtake those
who are infinitely more guilty than the unfortunate slaves who have
suffered. 6

It is really surprising, that while so many persons were ac-
quainted with the murder, upwards of three years transpired be-
fore its discovery. Much error exists as to the manner in which
this discovery was made. The facts are these :—One of the
Gutter Head slaves, named Jane Williams, a Creole, spoke of it
to some of bee friends, and said sbe believed her sickness of late
was occasioned by her concealment of the murder. This reached
the ears of Mr. &erne, of Ref Bay; and he, on or about the 15th
of July, made an affidavit of the circumstances before his Honour
the Costae, who therefore issued his warrant to apprehend her
and her husband, William Robertson. On examination thty
mentioned the names of the murderers ; they were apprehended
on the 17th, when Isaac Johnson confessed it unhesitatingly.
George Norman and Thompson Brown also confessed it. AUick
Brown and David Carmichael persisted in denying it till the day
before their execution.

With this knowledge of the confession by three of the murder-
ers it was matter of great astonishment to every one that &Ira.
Graham" employed Counsellor 'Maas on behalf of the criminals,
and made the insidious attempt of proving, by perjured witnesses,
an alibi in favour of Thompson Brown and David Carmichael.
She went to Kingston after the condemnation attic criminals,
but I have not learnt whether she made any application to his
Excellency the Governor for their pardon. It is thought she did.
I send you the Inquest on Graham. In the face of evidence, then
thought respectable, the Jury could not bring in any other verdict
than they did. —Royal Gazette, Oct. 3.

LISBON, November 28.

PRIVATR CORI

OF Tilt

The Agent of the British Government who came to this country
on the removal of the late Consul-General was at first received with
so much attention by the satellites of Miguel I. who promised every
thing he required, that he, in his delight, imparted to his instructors
in England his sati.factory feelings. He was instantly to gain
every object for which the former Consul bad struggled in
vain; and he that broached to the Miguelite Minister another
scheme of the Cabinet which had sent him, and that was to
form a Treaty with Miguel, which was to be the bond of union
between British freedom and Portuguese slavery—the ratification
of Mignel's usurpation, and a fool's cap and bells to amuse John
Bull. The Miguelites, who are u deceptive in their machinations

as any of the'Continental diplomatists, heard and accepted with
rapture the project, and contibued for more than a month
to wheedle him with promises, until be at length (Saracens'
that all the former promises given within the first week were
nothing more than idle air. Mr. Noble's property in Oporto
was still sequestrated ; Mrs. Storey was and is still in prison there.
Duped and vexed, he this day week went to the Viscount San-
tarem, Nliguel's Minister for Foreign Affairs, and told him that,
relying upon that Minister's word and honour, he had written
to London and Oporto that the British claimants for Iliguel's
mercy were to be soon satisfied, and that now, finding himself
mistaken, he would en i!e such a despatch to London as would de-
stroy fur ever all Miguel's hopes of recognition. The poor lift e
Viscount. terrified at the formidable threat, could first promise o. -
thing ; but he soon followed the threatener to Ms home, and Fu•
the long-prepared, and, oo a former occasion, exhibited documents
in a train for going to Oporto. The brow of the British agent r
lased, and he of coarse continues to arrange the Treaty. Of tie
multi from Oporto nothing is as yet known.

A strange document is circulated now in this city; it is a copy
of a letter written by the Minister of Grace and Justice in Madrid
to the present Spanish Minister in Portugal, stating that Ferdi-
nand VIT. had, in consideration of his active services in arranging
tbe treaty between Spain and Portugal, and which was dated
the 31st of August last, been pleased to confer upon him and his
heirs the title of Conde de Monte Alegre de la Ribeira. The
object of this treaty is there said to be the free navigation of the
Douro and Tagus, but there are who say that it included other
provisions, which are carefully concealed. The navigation of those
rivers is said to be an earnest object of the King of Spain's wishes,
fur he hopes by this means to gain Portugal• to himself. Some of
the -politicians are busy in imagining what titles will, be bestowed
upon the Earl of Aberdeen and his agent for their aiding and
abetting Miguel's usurpation, but as yet thvy.have not decided upcn
the appropriate ones. .
Mli,uel went on Tuesday last over the Tagus.to Mentijo, from
whence be was to proceed to Pinheiro, near jAlcacer du Sal, to
shoot wild boars, &c. ' lie was accompanied fiy 27 of the horse
police ; 50 Cavalry of Reit. 1 ; and 90 of Infantry Rest. No. 1.
The' Royalists were dissatisfied with this "'wild-goose chase,"
which costs all the numey that could be gathered, sod among other
sums, that of £20,000, which the new contrictut• for soap
and tobacco gave last week for obtaining a, catension of
one year to their first arrangement—that is, of the year
18S4. The Treasury, In its miserable state,"has Paid away bills
accepted by those contractors, due in 18. A, 1831; and 11153 ; and
two days ago those of 1834 were handed in fur the same purpose
The Gazeue has, for some private reasons, abstained *bully from
