FRENCH PAPERS.

From the Second Edition of the Messager des Chant-
bres of Weddesday.

CONTINUATION OF HOSTILITIES IN TURKEY.

Letters front Constantinople, dated Sept. 20, and from Corfu,
Sept. '24, received at Marseilles, via Ancona and Leghorn, an.
nou4e that all the western part of the province of Roumelia, as
well as the whole of Bosnia and Albania, are in insurrection
against the Sultan and the INSii3ll army. The Chiefs of the dis-
tricts have made a levy en masse of all the Mussulmans of these
counties, who are conducted to Sophia and Comanova, where the
Pachis of Bosnia and Albania are established with an army of
50,000 men. They are inspired by the most ardent fanaticism, and
believe themselves to be destined to avenge the cause betrayed by
the Sultan and his Council. They lung to march upon Con.tanti-
nople, as the pillage of that opulent city presents the most inviting
attraction to their imaginations.
On the. other hand, the English Government is making very
menacing preparations for war at Corfu, and nearly 15,000 men are
now assembled there. The Turks assert that they shall he able to
get whatever munitions of war they may require from the lonian
Islands ; and that the English will disembark in Albania and in
Epirus, if circumstances permit.
The Paella of Bosnia and a lbania had formed the plan of pro-
ceeding towards the right flank of the Russian army, with a view
to put themselves in communication with the Ayau of Salonica.
The signature of the Preliminaries f Peace and the or, ers of the
Sultan at first arrested their march ; but having obtained a know.
ledge of the humiliating conditions imposed upon the Ottoman
Empire, and particularly of that part of the stipulation whirls
would render it the tributary of a Christian Power, thy adroitly
fomented an insurrection amongst themselves—the consequence of
which is, that they seem to have been forced by their soldiers to
continue the hostilities.

Prisons who are well acquainted wish the extent of Oriental
dissimulation think that the Sultan sent to these two pachas by one
of his most intimate confidant., a verbal order to continue their
movements to trengtheri their army by continually recruiting in
their provinces, and to du all the havoc posti.de to the 11u.siati
army, avoiding any fixed Mathis.
Mahmoud, it is said, hid the intention of rejoining these Pub"
with the twenty-five or thirty thousand men whom he hu
'still with him, and to continue the war in the Western
put or his States; but he now feels, that to abandon Con-
stantinople would be to abandon the key, the head and soul of the
.emsjie ;. and that it wouhl even be to abandon the sceptre—that
were he to appear lii the provinces, he would seem only like a
fugitive and dethroned Prince : sod that, in short, the efforts which
he might make iu person would not counterbalance the los.uf a
military, polittual,. and maritime point, so important as Constan-
tinople. especially as the 'Turks attach an opinion of fatality to the
possession of that celebrated city.
The r. -41tion of the Turkish army at Sophia greatly embarrasses
General Diehitsch, and forces him to concentrate his forces at

Arlanople. Generals Geismar and Kisselaw have, it is true, ranted
the Danube, with a view of marching n.t Sophia ; hut the retreat
of the Turks to the South or the West is e4sy, Ald they call main-
tain a long and obstinate war in these meuntainces countries.
They are, besides, masters of Widlin, Itutschucle, and (it:A-se-ea ;
whilst General Kisselaw has only • slight bridge over the Danube,
is communicate with Moldavia, so that the Turk. may it: .he con-
tinual irruptions into that province.
The consent of the Sultan to the prelim,ninesaikntd on the I 4t:i
at Adrianople was in some sort gained by surprise. The Russians
with a few forces had made severs, bold and rapid in ; they
had pushed a point upon Enos and Itninsto, and they had even
hazuded parties of Cossacks as far as the villages In the environs at
Constantinople. The Sultan saw with hoes• much skill the Russian
Genetal had separated tilt: cause of Mahniond tram that of the in-
habitants, and had made It believed that Itus.ia wished to re-ests-
blith ancient usages. lie then began to fear that the hunt= party
would organize an extensive conspiracy even in tl.e capital, whert
the proximity of the enemy had already caused a secrtt ferturn•
tation.

Under these extraordivary circumstances, hiahinnud resoived
avoid the moss pressing danger; and the Russian General, on his
part, knowing bets -than any body his own position, and tb,
clianors wbiels might turn ig2lntrbtsn, *a no less sksiotil to come
to a termination ; and even the harshness t.f the condi:kus whirls
he imposed skilfully served to hide the insufficiency of his force-,
and to show the sudden fear he had excited.

Such is the history of the Treaty of Adrianople; bur as yet
is only drawn tip in preliminaries—it has only been signed by r 1.,•
Russian General and the Reis F.ffetaili, and the Europ,an
macy of Per; has had nothing to do with it.
Whilst the blussulmans of Epirus, Bosnia, Albania. and S
nica, re-assume their warlike energy, and rise in a body to decla,
that they will not recognise the treaty of peace, the Europeaii
bassadors loudly protest against this same treaty, and particularly
the clause which relates to the navigation of the Black Sea.
this respect the claim .et up by the Cabinets is well founded. Ti.:
navigation of the Black Sea was previously granted by the Pot-,
to all the Maritime Powers except the United States; but C.,
concession of the free passage of the Bosphorus would becqrtie
illusive by the clause '• that the entry to the Black Sea should I.;
interdicted to every Power at war with Russia." Thus, Eii,;lat:.!,
against whom this clause is principally directed, has peremptorily
declared het opposition to it."
No doubt Mahmoud and his Divan bad a cunning presentimen•
of all the difficulties which would arise when they pretended hum-
bly to deliver themselves up to the generosity of their conquerto
The war, then, is not terminated; and peace, therefore, is net
concluded.

Winter approaches. and indeed this year it has commence,)
early. The Black Sea will soon cease to be navigable, and si,
leagues of mire and marsh will extend over the two hanks of the
Danube. General Deibitsch, if his Lieutenant Kravowski is riot
master of Shumla, cannot keep possession of Adrianople ; and it,
in short, the Turkish army of Sophia refuses to submit, and i
England should manifest its anger otherwise than by diplomatic
notes, a third campaign will heconie necessary.
FROM THE BANKS OF THE ISAR (BAVARIA), Orr.o.
From the statement of a French courier, sent from Constar-
tinopk to Paris, and who passed through Munich yesterday, iu
great haste, it appears the Sultan had not ratified, on the 19th Seer.
the Treaty of Peace, concluded Adrianople on the 14th.
If this intelligence is true, it is to be supposed that Mahmouit
still entertains some hopes with te-pect to the resistance made by
some of his Paellas, who have not, like him, their hands tied, an.°
who are not in dread of conspirators. Perhaps he has received th-
intelligence of the march of the 33,000 Athenians, who, according
to letters from Bucharest, are trying to approach Adrianople, by
way of Sophia.
It would not thus be impossible for the Turks to lose fer ever
the advantages that are offered them by the moderate conditions of
the treaty of peace of Adrianople.
The reports and official bulletins of General Diebitsch, under
date of the 11th or September, which we have seen in the QUIN
de St. Petersburg, prove that the Russian General, in carrying on
the negotiations, did not let them interfere with his military opera-
tions, as *Vera' correspondents wish It to be believed.
Nothing was finer than the position of the Russians ; the right
wing of their army was in communication with the squadron of
Count Heyden, the left wing was supported by that of Admiral
Greig, and nothing could have prevented General Diebitsch from
marching on Constantinople.
What astonishes us is that the news of the taking of Enos was
communicated to us by the way of St. Petersburgh, as we have
received the intelligence by a nearer road.—Gazarest'Avgsburg.
Travellers who have arrived this morning from Clermont-Fer-
rand state, that the road between that town and Aubuson, called
Les Goules, was covered. with snow. The cold was more piercing
there than in the month of January of the pretesting year.
Mr. Duffey, our Consul, left yesterday for Constantinople, by
way of Vienna, with dispatches.

Front the Journal des Debuts of Wednesday.
We yesterday copied from a Toulon Journal, a fact, the readier,;
of which excited in us the deepest and must lively indignation ,
but we did not snake any comment upon it, in the hope that the
Ministry would contradict to-day, by means of its official organs.
an announcement which so deeply affects the honour of the French
Government. We were mistaken : the news Is confirmed, and by
the Monsieur.

The ditty Greek children redeemed from slavery by the genera-
sky of the King of France, and who were to receive in bis state 4,
and at his expense, a Christiau education, had almost reached the
shores of France on board the Volcan, but a brutal order awaited
their arrival in our hospitable land. This order, which was given
a month ago, was aftawards withdrawn, and was then sent to the
authorities of Toulon, has caused these unfortunate creatures to br
sent on board the ship Volage, and 24 hours after that the Volalo:
wa: under sail!

We cannot find words with which to stigmatize such conduct.
This gratuitous violation of the most simple laws of honour is a
political occurrence quite new in our annals.
Great Gus! What is the meaning of this vengeance exercised
by our Ministers against 50 orphans, whose relations all perished
under the walls of Missulangin? What.' could not the protection
of Charles the Tenth and the Royal benefaction already bestowed,
and already blessed on the 'hotel of Greece, preserve those chil-
dren from the persecution of the Polignac .Ministry?
Really, we almost fear to weaken by our comments the indigna-
tion which the announcement of this paltry and unheard of act of
cruelty will excite front one end of France to the other.
BRUSSELS, OCT.
The theft of the diamonds continues to be the subject of general
conversation, and the most curious rumours are circulated. How-
ever, not only have the diamonds beau taken, but also a number of
papers, amongst whith was the will of the Empress, mother of the
Princess.
It is asserted that the square of glass was not cut on the outside
but on the inside, which shows that the thief must have got out at
the aperture he had as .tie, and he must have entered by another
way ' • most likely during the day be had permitted himself to be
locked up in the palace.
The Princess of Orange wore at the gala given on the occasion
of the King's birth-day a part of the diamonds which have beset
stolen : that evening she was actually laden with jewels, and per-
haps it was then that the idea was conceived. It was easy to ob-
tain a knowledge ot the place by only a-king the permission to see
the interior of the palace, which fequest is always gratited. but
only during the absence of the Prince and Princess.
It was natural enough VI suspect thh servant.; foot marks e ere
noticed in the garden, and all the boots and shoes in the palace
were tried to see it the size corresponded with the marks, but none
were found that did.
The Princess has s:ill diamonds remaining, but One. th it were
stolen were the most precious, and furnted two thirds of the whole ;
yet what remain are worth our minim.
From tl:e C'oarticr Fraqais e. Withicsday.
. -

The Kaglirls Government has nut ye: it•clt:red the conditions of
the Treaty of Adrianople; it appears to foresee the (tett they
will produce on public opinion; our Nlmistry alone has been in
haste to proclaim victory. A London 2 ,per •ye Ike of a pro-
testation of the Ambassadors at Constaittinople, which would
have been received at the Foreign Deprtment. But sopposit g
future events to be transacted by potrqations or :any ether
way, we believe it impossible that the Ttesty of Adrianople
should not raise a temrst, wets it evvn antottgat diplomatist•
alone. We ass!igned reasons for it y- -Lrdty, and we think them
peremptory. France, England, Austria, Spain. the Two Stciliss,
and Sardinia, have corclu.ied wilt the l'or.e utfferent trvatie•. which
secure the flee access of the Black Sea to their commercial oavy.—
stipuhti.ri a subjtcted to ■n rs‘triction ; it was to last as loco
