FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, JUNE 14.
Tt was by the barrier of La Villette that the Ern-
peror left Paris. He stopped a few m nutes at Bour-
get, and was to pass the night at Soissons. Marshal
Bertrand and General Drouet accompanied his
Majesty.
• The Council' of Regency Ermed by the Emperor
is coarposed, it is said, of the Princes of the Imperial
F am ly. the Ministers, and several Ministers of State.
Tiar PI ist;e ArcieChancellor presides.
There is also a report ot Commission- being ap-
pointed for maintaining the safety of Paris, at which
the hlinister of War will ,preside, and of which the
Prefects of Police and ot the Department will be
members.
• A curate and two vicars of the Department of the
• •North,who were preaching up resistance to the Go-
'vernment, have been pointed out to the proper au-
thorities, who have been satisfied with ordering them
to be conveyed to the Seminary of Cambray. It was
thought that being thus placed under the superin.
tendance of their bishop, a respectable prelate, they
would imbibe in that establishment a doctrine more
sound, and more coatormable to the spirit of the
gospel.
Monsieur Becloch, Member of the Chamber of
Representatives, has been appointed a Counsellor of
State.
The General Assembly cf the Parisian Confede-
rates will be held at seven o'clock this evening, at its
oidin.try place of meeting in. the rue de Grenelle St.
Honore.
Since the general disarming of the National Guard
of M.irseilles, 1400 of the citizens, whose sentiments
were not equivocal, have bad their arms restored
to them.
The Dnke of Dalmatia arrived at Lisle on the 10th.
New wil ks ot defence ate constructing round Paris.
CHAMBER OFf °ITTINCI 01 JUNZ 13,

The sitting opened at half-past two, under the Pre-
sid, lice of ahe Prince Arch-Chancellor.
The • minutes of the two previous sittings haAg
been read, the President informed the Chamber of a
in.ss ige, by which the Chamber of Representatives
sunouncd that it was definitively organised.
Gen.. ral count Verdier informed the Chamber by
letter, that the command entrusted to him by his Ma.
jesty, of the 10t11*Militoy Division, did not permit
hint yet to taw his seat among the Peers, but that
till the moment he could do so,. he should be united
spirit and n heart with his colleagues.
A letter from Count Mole, who is taking the waters,
was read, stating, that as soon as his health permitted
bier, he should return to his post.
. Cotint Carnot, Minister of the Interior, then mount-
ed the Ttibune, and read a report on die general
situation of the Empire.—(See its analysis in the pro-
st edin3s of the Chamber of Representatives).
This report was heard with the most profound
attention.
Count Carnot having left the Tribune, the Presi-
dent said, " Tire Assembly has heard the communi-
cations which the Monster has made to it in the name
of the Emperor. It has already expressed to his Ma,
jesty its gratitude for u baths has. done lor•the safety
and ind•rodence cf. France." ,
Count, Valence moved that it be primed and distri.
.00ted.to the numher olthreeAripies.—Cirderad.
Count•Thrbausteau, in the name of Committee,
-alien read a plot for the intrrnal regulation of the
Chambero ivap ordsietrto be printed, with is
..ifiew to fu we discussion.
CHAMBER OF REPRE:ENTATIVE.9.•
SI titt.io OF 'COW 13TH.
L' pt[4ilAk\C OF I. I.ANJUIN Al%
• .
211115;telfigeli4ilet4 at, a quaetat past t'selve; and,
grifig Ateset,posjiminaty business. the President an:
auunced; that Messrs. Vetrin and Gaul had pm

•
down their names for twe motions 'which Weidebe
submitted to the Chambei tOltiorrow.
M. Dupin was called to the Tribune to announce,
without developing, as the Pres:siva • told h•oe was
according to order, the proposition which lie.ltaden-
tered the day fiefor. It cilnsisteti in demanding the
.appaintment of a Committee for collecting into one
body the scattered Laws on 'the Constitution, ar-
ranging them so as to make them tend-to the UMW
object, and at the same time collecting the most judi-
cious opinions which might contribute to iqiprove
them. The Chamber decided that it would take the
subject Into consideration on Thursday next.
M. Morgues then mounted the Tribune, to an-
nounce a proposition, of which the object was sub-
stantially the sane with that of the preceding, but
which tended to complicate still more the organiza-
tion of the Committee. He wished, besides, that the
Emperor si.oald be requested, by a Message, to ap.
point a C .mtduce 'hit might aid that of the Cham-
ber with its information, and that the Peers should
'also be invited to co-op:rate its this great work.—
These propositions excited some murmurs, but the
Assembly resolved that it Woad take thesis also into
considerat;on on Tiousday.
A Secretary read a motion enterefby Count Reg-
nault de St. kan D'Angcly4 Alien absent, in which
he demands the formation of a CAmmittee to regu-
late the admio;strative expenses of the Chamber.—
This motion will be considered to-morrow.

EXPOSITION.OF THE MINISTER, OF THE INTERIOR.
..The President announced, that Count Relying&
de St. Jean D's ngely requested a hearing, to com-
municate to the Cna wiser the exposition of the Mini.
ster of the Interior—it was grimed.
His Majesty the Emperor, said Count Regnault,
having charged those of his Ministers who are Mem-
bers of the Chamber of Peers to communicate to that
assembly the exposition of our situation, which was
announced to you in the discourse from the Throne,
has confided a similar mission to those of his Mini-
nisters who have been elected representatives of the
people. To-day, and at the moment when I speak,
the Minister of the Interior is reading to the Cham-
ber of Peers the exposition of the state of the empire.
I have been charged to communicate to you a copy
thereof, and shall read it, it such is the pleasure of the
Chamber. T;ie assembly manifested its assent.
(We can give only a feeble sketch of this exposi.
.tion, the readaig of which lasted nearly two hours;
but we believe we can state that our abridgment is
correct.)
Count Regnault resumed.—Among all the objects
of the Emperr SOliCilllde, the first, after his solemn
acceptance of the Constitution, -has been to make
known to the nation, through the medium of its re-
presentatives, the true situation iii which it is placed.
Three months have scarcely elapsed since his Ma-
jesty quitted the rock to which-circumstances had for
a moment banished him, in order to deliver France
from the enslaving yoke of a worn-nut dynasty, which
managed the resources of our fine country wetely for
the profit of foreigners.
The enthusiasm which served as an escort to his
Majesty from the period of his landing, sufficiently
proved on what side lay the national wishes. It
proves, that if the deposed family could ever re-enter
Prance with the aid of foreigners, it would Gaon be
expelled anew. Its prejudices, its engagements with
the old privileged casts, are all in opposition-to the
liberal ideas in which the existing generation has been
bred, and which can never retrograde. With the
Princes of that family, we should have seen, as in-
deed we were menaced, with the reappearance of all
the cruel absurdities of fetidal government, and the
degrading slavery of the monastic system.
In the mean time, it is to re-establish all these in.
stitutions. that they invite the foreigner into our fine
cotratty : but we will never thus abandon it ;—we
will rally around the Emperor, the protector of libe-
ral ideas, around a Prince who, educated in the
revolution, advances with the age in which her
lives, and wishes to exttad the dominion of mind in.
stead of circumscribing it. Instructed by misfor-
tunes, he will se the conquerors of Austerlitz, of
Marengo. and of Jena, march anew under the 4:olours
which so often led them to victory, and the event will
not be doubtful.
However, his Majesty is sincerely desirous of
peace ; he has done every thing to preserve it, but
without inclining to listen fora moment to humilia-
ting conditions, which would compromise the honour
and the dearest interests of France. All his efforts,
however, have been fruitless ; already our frontiers
are menaced at all points, aready hostilities have
been commenced without any preliminarydeclara.
lion of war, and there seems to remain no other re-
son ce far the maintenance of our independence but
an appeal to arms.
Diem Emperor were less fortified by the inherent'
I strength of his character, he might fear two rocks.—
rThere has been talk of a royalist party and a repub-
lican partt; alike enemies of his government. But
the trrnwr has not known how to defend the Princes
objects c: its affection, for whom it pretended a willing.
mss to die ; it is far from formidable: - As to the leg
publicans, converted from olds errors, of which 'creel
experience made tiler's feel too severely the fatal effectski
they see in tne Emperor.only the protector of theilie
beral ideas which they liaye at all times themselves
profess .J. and which 4:xcetsel alone have prevented
them florn hitherto seeing. realised.
' The time has been too short to give to the national'
constitution all the perfection of which it was suscep-
tible ; bet the Emperor, towards the accomplish.
ment of this essential work, reckons on the intelli.
gence and patriotism of the two Chambers. The pre-
parations fir war have prevented him from giving to
it himself all the attention which he could have
wished; but the French territory was threatened.
The national character, which essentially rejects
every idea of conquest, should have been a sufficient
guaraztee to all 'the Powers of Europe against, the
invasion which they seem so much to fear st present ;
but that fear is only *a vain pretext to cover their
ambition.
That ambition is sufficiently.demonstrated by the
sens.less declarations of the Congreist of Minna, by
the assemblages et; our frontiers, by hostilities cou
meneed in full peace, by landings effteted do our
prsts at order to encourage civ war, and, in tile,
by the refusal to listen to any proposillor the Mairta
tena:ice of peace. Ail these eircurnstancia itstist give
a precise ideaasaf the justice and moderation Of *our
elemies ; it is the same as in 1792, when the Duke
of Orunswick published the iiillloll4 manifesto of

which the insolent pretensions conkkillit *tench
into a nation of soldiers.
Representatives of the nation, yon know the French
people, essentially good and -generous, and always
ready to contribute to the wants of the country, pro-
vided the whole extent of these wants befairly made
known to them. You have already assumed that wise
and imposing attitude which is the finest guarantee
of our liberty and independence; and you have a
right to know, without the least disguise, the state of
our wants andsresources.
The former are doubtless great, but sufficient means
exist to provide for them without oppressing the peo-
ple ; and with the energy which you share with the
people who elected you, we shall be certain of tv.pel-
ling the most unjust aggression against an indepen-
dent people, of which the political annals of cabinets
have ever preserved the recolleCtion. lam charged
to present to you the following details on our internal
situation :
Commum.—Under this head Count Reguaelt
stated, that the communal administrations had been
almost totally abandoned under the government of
the Bourbons : that the communal fonds, so essential
to the movement of troops, the equipment of the
national guard, &c. had been dilapidated by the jeur-
nics of the Princes, by the restoration of woods to
emigrants, and by many rather malversations ; but
that the Emperor was taking pains to restore ordo-
in this important branch of internal administration.
HusriTaLs.--These asylums of sulfe,ing hums.
pity had at all times mited the solicitudeot the Em-
peror. At the commencement of 1811, these esta-
blishments had been exposed to considerable addi-
tional expenses from the number of sick and wounled
soldiers. Under the late government, howew.,,r, they
were on the point of lining one of their principal re-
sources, by the restitution of property of emigrants,
with which they had been endowed by solemn laws.
The Emperor ILO restored it to them.
He had also doubled the funds of the Maternal
Society which he founded, which, on this account
alone, was, neglected, and of which the august pro-
tectress is invited back by the wishes of all French.
men.
The depots of mendiclty, created also by the Em-
peror, were equally abandoned; but these establish-
ments were about to resume new activity. The hos-
pitals hi the departments invaded by the enemy had
considerably suffered, but they were already re-esta-
blished.
• WOHKS.—Under this head Count Regnault enu-
merated the great moisuments founded or ordered
by his Majesty ; they should be continued, though
they were seen suspended even in time of peace; but
they Should in future be exclusively reserved for
France, and it existing circumstances did not pet mit
them to receive that extent which were to be wished,
they should soon be accelorated by. the arms
would be no longer necessary fur the defence of the

country.
Winizs AT Pants.—The Minister here gave an ac
count of the various constructions which have been
commenced in the capital, and which should be coil.
tinned.
MINZS.—Tliis head presented ntehing remarkable.
MANUFACTURES.-.-COMIS Regtsault here did jus-
tice to the _superiority of our mAnulactures, wivah
all the m. rehires of Europe could attest from the.ea
perience furnished them by the short time daring
which it had been in their power to trade frith us.
He saw, like every statesman, that France, at once
agricultural and manufacturing, could alone dispense
with the assistance of its neighbours. and btu a li.
beral government could not fail to give all possible
spring to national industry, formerly compressed by
Gothic prejudices.
He announced that various new manufactures had
been improved, and others introduced; that the non.
nufacture of sugar from the beetroot, in spite of all
the efforts made to dmitroy it, promised chorly to
render Europe independent of the New World fin-
that article ; that the indigo of %road, without having
reached the same periectiun, already rivalled that of
India ; and that, in fine, a number of awful disco,
series presented new sources of national ptosperity.
CommEncr.—The report expresed nothing but
hope upon this article, and by the absurd ambition of
Sovereigns all the nations of Europe are placed in
the same condition.
his rttUCTlON.—Under this title the Minister exhi-
bited all the vicissitudes to which the corps of teachers
had been subjected. The result of the enquiry 'hewed
that the number both of Colleges and Scholais had
been diminished, but that the, University of Paris still
numbered under its direction 325,551 pupils, and
that the Lyceums, stimulated by the new encourage.
meat of the Emperor, displayed the best spirit.
Puzuc Womintr.—ln speaking of the Clergy,
the Mini,ter did not attempt to disguise the errors
they committed under the last government, in giving
way. f um the lure of a restitution of church pro-
perty, to the influence of emigrants, in stigmatizing
as plunderers the owners of national property. whose
titles had been recognized as legitimate by the Pope
himself, and in attempting, in the name of the At.-
satotarv, whose servants they are, to light up civil
war among men. The Emperor, however, was al-
ways disposed to protect, and even favour the Mi-
nisters ot,the Church, so long as they confined them-
.selres within the bounds of their duty, and had al-
`ready conferred on the curates an augmentation of
1.50 franks, which ItsJ been vainly promised to them
.by the last government. The Emperor was, besides,
the only sovereign who, having no further interests
to arrange with the. Pope, bad it in his power to put
an end to those interminable negociations, commenced
by the last government with the Court of Rome,
and to re-establish, upon the basis of the Concordat,
the libei tics of the G :ilium church.
ItialoPKVOßNCl3.—Tbis article of the Report was
extremely short. 'rite Minister merely stated, that
those Civil ,fudges who felt themselves unworthy of
their functions, had done justice by abdicating their'
nieces; and that., as far as respected the administra-
tion of the climiadl law, the establishment of the trial
by jury ec.ery Jay merited new approbation; but that,
in the mean time, some organical institutions were'
neassai y to regulate the duties and diminish the la..
bonri of chose judicial citizens.
TUE WAR pSPARTMCNT..--It SIRS absolutely im-
possible to follow 111.1 e Comte Regnault through all
the dcta)ls which he furnished on this important Kipic.'
The result is, that on the Ist of April, 1814, the army
fonsistecl of 450,000'men, exclusive Of 150,000 pri-
spntis, all .Veteran *Odic's) "and 'of '115,000 coascripts

of the levy of 1815, of which 45,000 only, nig of
160,000, had beet/ raised. The last Government,
once prodigal and avaricious, alarmed at its ot. ,
strength, and essentially hostile to the army, hai
taken every possible means of diminishing it.
The orator then described the various oppresgen;
to which the army had been er,uised, particularly by
the introduction of the emigrants, and which had re.
duced its number to 175,000 men. *ince the Vtit cf
March last, its number had been raised to :;75,1ijij
combatants of every description ; and tie
of August it would amount to ;;!.)O,O(Ki, indep:tel
of the national guards.
THE Imeentat surelt intiwark
the throne in times of war, and its (nest
time of peace, had a separate article a1lo:'r• r, it is
the official Report. The Min.ster curia !:111,_!
injustice with which it was treated by the I! G
vernmcnt, and announced that it already arnwtiteil
to 40,099 m"i.
Astru.r.unv.—The losses in Clic arm Ivo! ht.;:n ir,
great measure repaired : they were oxssi fir
by treachery. and especially the deliverin!; r. f. ,L 1
the strong places by order of the Carta is, ;I,
his cwaciry of Lientenant•General of the
By this single act France nail lost 12,Citei
cannon, mostly of brass, the value of w;;;,:i id e;Li.
awed at 200000000 of francs. TLis 1. , :;ot ever,
had been entirely supplied ; the m
of powder, and army); ies, were in full wit ; a7l,t
after having armed the national guard and •
tioes, there Would remain in the magazines 6, .),,J..")
fnuskruria reserve.
Iditatatte EiceeNutrune.—The adminiztm:-c
tails on this subject Were little sow ptihie
merit. The Minister, however, asserted that the. i .
cessary fouls would be easily provided, and nu new
taxes be required.
NATION:.. Gt; Iltl).—This article fornisbed ;Is
formation ot which the public is not already in pus.
session.
MAII2NE prssenteJ considerable resources, not.
withstanding the evils produced by treachery, whica
had not, however, cast any :rah' upon its honour.
The state of foreign relations, and of gener...:
are but slightly touched on, and will be made eir.,
subject of separate reports.
At the close, Count ltegnaolt recommended to the
Chamber; in the name of his Majesty, to take the ne.
cessary steps for completing the number of Rep resent.
tatives, which is not yet tilled up. At his t:so e the
Cbantber. acknowledged the rectption of
and adjourned till the next day at noun.
• The French funds are at 56 fr.
ernASßUlta, WOE a.
Every thing assumes a military aspect in our de•
partment. Officers, agents, all, in short, who make
part of the army, have joined the corps of General
&app. 4 great number of ammunition waggousaad
Of artillery have gone from this place.
The depots of the regiments of the line who were
in this city leave us in succession to repair to die ul-
terior, according to the orders of the Mii.iAtr of W
ciicuntstances, and m uty others, make it
presumable that hostilities will, in a few days, coa.
turner on the whole line.
'General (brunt klidifor li)s left us to repair to the
Upper• lhlnue, We learn that be is eis4rge,f er;it, t!le
"banned of•Ste,national guarcs of this last
ment, and that he wifi.cstah4sh provisionaily his bd.,'
quarters at Colmar.
General Desbureaut h ready to depart from Strrs.
burp.. He wit! tAlce the chief command of the scden-
iAly mammal guards, or of the levy.eu-masse of urn
..typartriteut.
