ey shotdd eneettretil the Moist& to kettl hie &n
ority to such' k systerof
.1 But." any the advocates of slavery, !t no snoop%
ill be made to destroy imitimate •libany in. St. M 0..,
ingot the question now agitated is one of Setel4
ignty merely." •
We have put the argument as strongly as peedbk
at its injustice may be rendered the more apparent.
he freedom of the negroes in the French colonies
at ma/Waked by law. Notwithstanding this, the
rench, as a people, endeavoured again to enslave
em, and during the reign of BONAPARTI carried=
sanguinary war against them. The result of the
err was not only the defeat. of the white claws by
.e black free men, but the conquest of the island of
:. Domingo 1 The war was commenced by the
nites, they lost not only the object for which they
intended but the Sovereignty also of the island ;
I now forsooth they would cajole these free men to
:knowledge the sovsreignty of that very country
hich made war upon them for the avowed purpose
• enslaving free wen I
Britons will never confound the distinction between
ee blacks and Mach doom. It is to be lamented that
e trade in the latter is still permitted to be carried
i by the most lawless of mankind—those who can
far pervert the intention of all binding laws, as
/ law to make that legal which en. Goa 41 the whole
eth--the KING of Kiagebas prohibited. Loot to 14
ours ! Exert your influence to exterminate a system'
• hich still threatens Europe with the Dims yen.

,ance.

Wansost, Jawuans 11.—. Sunday this Princess
• HARLOTTE of WALES, attended by her Ladies in
Tciting, came from Cranbourn Lodge to the Castle,
• n a visit to the QUERN and Pailicessas, and in the
•ening returned to the Lodge. Her Royal High.
:ss repeated her visit on Monday; her ferriage was'
en drawn by her beautiful grey ponies.—Tuesday
MAJESTY and the PanscEssrs, attended by a
' ady in Waiting, took an airing in. a coach and four,
-id honoured the Earl. and Countess of HARCOURT
ith a morning visit, at St. Leonard's-hill.—Yester.
• ty Lord Sr. Hum's, one of the Lords in Waiting
. i the KING, left the Castle foe London.—Monday,
a General Chapter of St. George's Chapel, the
.ev. CUARLES Ca6*rwlss, A. M. WAS elected Minor
:anon.

Yesterday his Royal Highness the Duke of YORK
. 'ansacted business at his Office in the Hone Guards,
ad gave audience to several Military Gentlemen.
Yesterday there was a meeting of the Cabinet Mi.
asters at the Foreign Office.
FASKIORRIKK NUPTl*Lfm—Yesterday were married
St. Mary-la.benne Church, Colonel W. Goats, of
aker.street, to the wealthy and accomplished heiress,'
'.tics ORMSBY, of Great Stanhope-street, May Fair.—
Colonel Gotta was Aid-de•C Imp to the Duke of Rms.
.own during the period of his Grace's Viceroyship in
inland.

A letter from Mr. JOHN Gtansrrona, of Liverpool,
contradicts the account published in the papers,
stating that he had received a letter from Lined Livia-
-1-30a., requesting to know the sentiments of the people
of Liverpool respecting the renewal of the Property
'Nilo Mr. GLosorrosis denies that any npoileadisa
%as made to him, directly or indirectly, on the soli-
e.:et. The account originated in a Paper of Saturday.
A meeting of the Bankers, Merchants, and princi-
pal Inhabitants of Hull, was held on Monday last, to
consider of the Property Tax, when a petition to Par-
-I:ament against its continuance was agreed to, with
cne dissentient voice. The inhabitants of the borough
f 11;ymouth have also agreed to a petition against
the Property Tax.
Soot sEr.—On the 9th instant, a numerous and
:ghly respectable Meeting of Freeholders, Owners,
.ad Occupiers of Land, in the County of Somerset,
-col; place at Wells, agreeably to public advertiser
" to take into consideration the propriety of
e.,enting a Petition to Parliament, for the Repeal of
Property Tax."
Mr. W. HANNING addressed the Meeting. He de-
)recated the tax in every form, and was glad to find
hat the spirit of opposition to it was becoming ttni-
-ersal.

Mr. BOUVATT (another Commissioner) deprecated
'he tax in the strongest terms, and agreed that it was
:horribly oppressivek and ought to be abolished.
Mr. Gone Lancrrox, Member for the county, ad.
,tressed the meeting; inveighing in the warmest terms
-,gainq the tax, which he deemed odious and uncon-
titutional, both in its principle and mode'of levying!
ihe people bad borne it patiently: but be hoped that
-very place would now assemble to petition against
L, considering it the duty of every man to avail him.
elt of every fair method of giving his voice against
4 tax, for the abolition of which the faith of Parlia-
Aleut was pledged.
Mr. DWZIN.sON, the other Member for the County,
eas glad of this opportunity of declaring against the
vas. There was a twofold reason for doing it away:
fast, the faith of Parliament was pledged for that
Purpose; secondly, it could not be levied without
eiadargshapsofile. Mr. Dickinson then hinted at the
Attempts which, it should seem, were in the content-
pinion of Ministers to continue it. This, be said,
was alarming, and must be opposed; and it was
impossible the, this tax could be levied. The Lon-
.lon Merchants were obliged to prematurely sill their
pods to pay it; and house property had sunk in
',aloe by being obliged to pay it. Birmingham
and Liverpool were peculiarly oppressed by A.-
- At Belfast the cotton manufacturers were gone, and
le was sorry to say, he feared they had made their
escape to France. The farmer he considered as look-
ng up to the landlord, being unable to pay his rent ;
And yet, by a strange fatality, we were giving a pre-
mium to France by importing their corn, and de-
voying our own agriculture. Mr. D. concluded by
4eclaring, that be would do his duty, in conjunction
with his colleague, by supporting the petition in Par

lament.
Sir 3. C. lizermtv said, on a subject like the pre-
.. tat, he MOM liOto as a mau, or as a Member of Par-
' lament, give a silent vote ; and he declared, that
then the petition should arrive At its point of destina.
'6n. he would support the prayer of it with all his
night.


.111.

, ,
„.1 aelgt, feteiCal#4•
* 11, . • ".r1.1% ft, ',lll
Iniellikatini,lol4ll7 iratertora td'lNStasola ilk
AMPaitdilik 01112111__ limo on leash en RUM, batildni '
• ell sod atonal to Caere%
t._- The thwaralin, bound to Pipasonth, laden with coal, pt hie
Wpaskek hubs& yaws* inky.
l'imlaisart, Ilmirpina. hunt Cork to DAM, winkle *Ws
R! Hillikiii it ea Monday, and toU ot wawa. , ,
Ze fearillippelsagVaad.dtie, bons Bouedsana So Norm, It.,
The Alanllke 114 Resent. front Caleb's° London, were losi
shoot tlio Mt Wt.-••ezeirs saved.
TM Now Bcknouten4 from Lisbon to Hamborsils
M omegal. amen
Ts. Nog* Ng , trap London to Trialiktiiis put Mb
/km, wads 4wok, satin* to no& ! s . !tat (I
11,41monit, Alrealutor,,froat Orono* tellinbersk Um
easeds4 nos *FR, sank ult. - ' '
' FALMOUTH. JANUARY *.
Arrived the Plowasa schooner, Lieut. HILL, from
Bt. Jobn's, Newfoundland; his Majesty's ship HAVOC,
with nine vessels from Portsmouth for Cork and Ber-
muda; also arrived the Adolphus Auguste,' from'
Amelia Island, and remains. The Pioneer stated
with several vessels from Newfoundland, under con.
voy
voy of a frigate, and from them in a gale, in
which she was obliged to throw all her guns but two
overboard, since w ich she fell in with a large Ame-
rican privateer, which chased her fur several hours.-..
Wind West, fresh breezes.

•
PLYMOUTH, JANUARY 10.
Came in the Onarres sloop of war from a cruize.
PORTSMOUTH, JANUARY 11.
Arrived his Majesty's ship Boswe CITOTENNE, from
Cork ; the Hero, BACa, and the Jane, KNATLY, also
from Cork; and Do faro transport, from Guernsey.
" Admiral's Office, January 11,
" The Harry gun-brig is ordered to proceed to
Cork with any vessels which may be bound to Bet.
muda and the Bahama Islands."
DEAL, JANUARY 11.
'Arrived his. Majesty's. ship Msacuatint, from
Dieppe, and remains; and the Mary, HUNT, from
Waterford. The Perseverance, ROBERTS, from Dub.
lin, remains in the Downs with loss of main-mast...—
Five o'clock.—Just arrived the City of Bourdeauz,
How, from • Bourdeauz. The outward-bound East
Indiamen are detained by contrary winds.
COVE OP CORK, JANUARY 6.
The Pustlethwaite, Sturm, from Cork to America,
is reported to be taken by an American privateer.—
The ETIIALION frigate, from this port, arrived at
Gibraltar on the llth ultimo.—Tbe SULTAN man of
war and fleet from hence, bound to the West Indies,
arrived of Madeira on. the 13th Noveml,9l.—Th,
Hibernia, STSVENSON ; Jean, CLIMENT ; and Mew-
der, Eamturron. from Cork, are atrived at Qitebec.
The Rhoda, WEIGHT, from Bermuda to Liverpool,
was captured about the 20th instant, off Kinsale, by,
the BMW American privateer ; she had captured
four other vessels.--The fleets for Lisboa, Bonrdeauz,
and Africa, got under weigh, but bad not sufficient
wind to clear the harbour.
GRAVESEND, JANUARY 11.,
Nothing arrived. It has blown a severe gale of wind the
whole of this day at W.N.W. The Mercurio, Santos, for
Babb, has lost anchors and cables, but no other damage duct
we Dear of. Sailed the Catharine, Esson, for the Cape of Good
Hope; the Dasher, Hyne, for Rio Janeiro ; and Glory, M'Gregor,
for RlO hegira

A great ItTavni Proasotion will shortly take place
in the class.of Midshipmen and Masters' Alien, com-
prising all those who have served meritoriously during
the greAter part of the last war. Tile promotion will
be regulated entirely by the merits of the parties, tin.'
influenced by either favour or affection.
Letters from New South Wales, by way of lave
and Calcutta, have been received, dated the 7th of
February last. By these we learn, that the appre-
hension of a destructive mortality among the live
stock, in consequence of the long-pre'vailing drought,
had been relieved by a seasonable tall of rain. Wheat
bore a very high price, and the quantity in store was
small; but a supply was expected from Bengal.
Commercial auvices from China, extending to the
beginning of April, have been received in town by the
ship Providence, which brings large remittances from
Canton, in bills and specie. The price of cotton had
been high ; the cargo imported on the Success, and
a great part of the cargo on the Providence, having
been actually disposed of at 13 tale 4 mace per peed.
On the arrival, however, of the ships Windham and
Experiment, on the 80th of March, the market fell;
and the current price quoted on the sth of April, is
from 11 :2to 11 5 per pecul. The Agents were,
in consequence, warehousing the cargoes of those
ships; and, as soon as the failure of the cotton
crops its the west Of India should have been as.
certauted, theie is little doubt but the price would
again improve. The last year's stock of opium
appears, by the present accounts, to have been
nearly exhausted : but stilt the market price of
that article did not exceed 1,060 dollars per chest.
The Providence was detained in the Canton River
for nearly a month after she was ready for sea, in
consequence of the arrival, on the Chinese coast, of
an American lett* of marque schooner, having
.an
board a crew of fifty men, and laden with a rich'
cargo of furs, from the North-west Coast of ~the
American Continent. Tbis vessel, it appears, had
been hpiering for, some time among the adjacent
Islands,. waiting the depsirutre of his Majesty ' s tri.
gates PNCENJX and Doan, • with the honsewatd-
bound Fleet from Macao ltoads i which had ho
sooner taken ilace, than she ran" up to Whampoa,
landed her furs with the uttnost expedition, and
had actually laid in a return cargo, and passed the
second bar on her way out of the River, when news
was received, that the Donis; after accompanying
the fleet to a short distance, bad again Made her. ap-
pearance on the coast. The. departure of this frigate
with the convoy appears, indeed, front the first, to
have been a mere stratagem. The American mcri
chant ships Hunter and America, which had .becial
lying at China ever since the commencement of
war, were eager to avail themselves of the (+porta-,
nity, and prepared immediately for, sea. The. Hu-
nter actually sailed, with a valuable cargo on board;
and, three days after her departure for the river, fell,
a prize to the DORIS. The America, on the receipt
of this intelligence, was again unrigged ; the letter-
of marque schooner returned up the river to Whampo,
and the Providence, freed from all apprehensions of
capture, proceeded on her voyage.

MI Atilt
•
ths ber of the 19th feet, from Hell,.disem.
barked at of
on the NM ultimo. The following
detaditnents are ordered to assemble at Chatham,
previeus to their embarkation to join their respective
iteeltlOHlS is Madras, which will take place in a few
dam viz. SOth, 86th; 56th, and 09th ; and the 30th;
rnoirat Colchester, and the 29th it Winchester, are
ordered also to Chatham for the same purpose.
First Lieutenant JOHN Ma s, of the Royal Ma.
rine Artillery, was killed at Fort Erie, Canada, on
the 4th of September last, by a rifle ball.

GENERAL ORDERS.
" HORSE-GUARDS, JANUARY 3, MS.
onder-in-Chief has commanded It to bit notifiedt
In reference to Regulations regarding Medical Officers, that As•
daunt &wpm are is future to class with Lieutenants, accord-
leg to their standing in the Regiment; and Hospital Assistants
oids Ensigns.

"

" By command of his Royal Highness the Commander-In-
Chlet (Signed) "H. CALVERT, Adj.-Gen."
" JANUARY 4, ins.
N lib Royal Highness the Prince Regent having been pleased
to command that the Caps of the Rifle and Light Infantry Corps*
Sad tie liUtle and Light Infantry Companies of Regiments, shall
have a Bogle Horn, with the Number of the Regiment below
it, instead of the beam plate worn by the rest of the Infantry, the
Cosamander4n-Chlef has directed that the same shall be esta-
blished throughout the several Companies and Corps of Riflemen
and Light Infantry in his Majesty'. service.
" By comanand of his Royal Highness the Commander-in-
C.hieE (Signed) "H. CALVERT, A.t11.-Gifi."
MILITIA LAWS.
Vire lave received numerous complaints from indi.
viduels iojured by a clause in one of the Acts, re•
specting the half-pay of. Subalterns in the Militia,
which we are persuaded needs only to be stated to
insure the speedy application of a remedy on the part
of Government. It is required of such Officers to
make affidavit before a Justice of the Peace, of their
not being possessed of property to entitle them to hold
the commission of a Captain. To this, perhaps, no
objection should be offered, but they are also re-
quired to make this affidavit before a Magistrate of the
County.to whielihe Regiment belongs. Thus an Officer,
living in the South, may be obliged to travel to the
North of England (perhaps of Scotlaud) at an expense
which swallows up a great part of his pittance, before
he can be entitled to receive it.
The origin of this evil needs only to be stated.
When the Militia laws first get an existence, it was
not contemplated as a thing possible, that the services
of these regiments should extend indiscriminately to
all the counties : since that time their services have,
by various acts, been made general over the three'
kingdoms. In framing these, as usual, the general
;chums have been tahenfromfireenfing Acts—all the at-
te,gtton of the framers having been directed to the
.ncw clausesethe clause respecting the affidavit was
overlooked. In the very nature of things this clause
should be made as general as the field of service. A's the
place of service is not now confined to the said count",
set neither should the said county be allowed to remain
in the clause respecting the oath. It will surely be
.remedied.
The clause is both unjust and absurd.
