THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 21, 1831.

N°. 13,764.

TO NOBLEMEN AND GENTLEMEN.

FLETCHER, Military Tailor and General Clothier,
A.M. 35, New Bond.street, favoured by the sanction and patronage of
many Noblemen and Gentlemen, who have condescended to notice his
exertions whilst uncles an t to a very eminent West.end
House, where his opportunities of acquirement have been of the most
extensive character ; and believing that Gentlemen are every day be-
coming less influenced by a mere name in the choice of their taller,
when it can be sufficiently attested that they may now obtain their
clothing upon such terms, which, when compared with any other First.
ate Tailor's, will prove what great economy may be elected in that
bomb of their expenditure.
Fifteen per Cent. deducted from the Credit Prices for Cash.
The following wale of Priors is owslidently submitted s
Credit Price. Cosh Price.
L s. d. L s. d.
Dress Coats, Sheer Black
Ditto, ditto, any other colour."
Great, or P'rocl Coats, Blue se Black, skirts
lined with silk . lB 6 4 18 0
Trousers, Blue or Black 1 0 0 1 14 0
Ditto, any other colour
Waistcoats
A Suit of Livery complete 5 0 0 4 5 0
A Stable, or Working Dress 1 9 0 1 4 6
Reghnestals, ticc. on equally advantageous terms.
Gentlemen are invited to look in as they pare by, and exercise their
own judgment ; or, by addressing a line per poet, will be punctually
waited upon.

A CARD.

STRICTURES CURED BY AN INTERNAL MEDICINE.
ENOU'S URETHRIC POWDERS are an effectual
1.%) Remedy for Stricture and all Diseases connected with the Urinary
Organs, [Aver Complaints, and general Debility of System. Pr, pared
only at 15, Wakefield-street, Bruswick-square. Sold in Packets
IL 2s. each, or Five Packets in one for 51. and may be had of Messrs.
Barclay, Farringdon-street, and Mr. Dicker, 235, Strand.
See " Practical Observations on Stricture and other Meares of the
Urethra," describing an effectual mode of cure by an Internal Medi-
cine, and proving the application of Instruments unneceseary and ge.
nerally productive of Injury ; also, on the Origin, Symptoms, and
Treatment of Stricture in the Rectum, by Ur - ILLIAIt REirou, M.R.C.
Surgeons, London, published by Sherwood and Co. Paternoster-row,
Price 3s. fid.

POLAND.

To convey to our readers an account of Poland in its
ancient integrity, and as it ought to be restored, we copy
the following from a Geographical and Historical Dictionary
of temporary population, published in London in iti94 :
Poland, called by the inhabitants Polska, from the word Pole or
Polo, which in the ticlavonian tongue signifies a plain, is an elective
kingdom of Europe, that comprehends the ancient German &math,
and the eastern part of Germany, towards .he Vistula. It Is now much
greater than formerly, because Lithuania and several other provinces
are united to it ; for befope it was but burly what we called the Chest
and Little Poland.

It has Aluscovy and Tartary to the east, Transylvania and Moldavia
to the south, Germany to the west, and to the north the Baltic Sea,
Livonia, part of White Itunia or Blu.cory. ft may be divided into
the Cheater and Lesser Poland, in which last stands Crewels, the
capital of all the kingdom.
In Great Poland are the cities of Posnan, Kaßich, Cinema, &c. Be-
sides which, it canpreherds the provinces of Mambo, wherein arc
Warsaw and Plunk° = Cujavia, wherein is Übrlislaw, Royal Prussia,
that takes In Dant:le, Silting, &c. and Russia Nigra, with the cities of
Leopold and Prczmyst. Lithuania, wherein are the cities of IVI
Novogrudeck, Minsk. tee. is divided into Vulhynim, which takes in tire
cities of Luck*, Kiow, &c. PM°!la, where is ofteleek, Etc. Platria,
In whirl, stands Berne!, end Bsmogitia whose capital is Met:Aki.
This kingdom may, moreover, be divided into 94 Palatinacts, cad,
Palatinate having Crate Hans under them, that in the whole aunt'y
amount to the number of 87. There are in it two archilishouricks,
which are those of Onesna and Leopold, and fifteen bishopticks,
several ahbies and universities, as Craeovia, Royautnont, Konigsberg,
Zanioski. &c.

The air of Poland is very good but piercing, the soil very fertile
but woody, especially in Great Poland. It has silver and irou mines,
wine and excellent fruits; abounds in honey, wax, venison, fowl, wood
for building, heaven, otters, elks, and such other wild beasts; copper,
lead, iron, and e.ipecially fine steel. The gentry are tall and strong,
manage their fauchons with much addrcu and dexterity, and arc both
learned and liberal; but yet fierce, proud, obstinate, and jealous of their
liberties. This obstinacy and jealousy of their liberty has often
given the Tartan and Muscovites an opportunity to over.run and
destroy a great part of their country, and was the reasou why the
King of Sweden, with an army of forty thouiand, reduced to
the last extremity, a country whose lust armies generally surpassed
2u0,100 fighting men. For their misunderstanding is such, and the
authority of their prince so little, that before the diet is assembled and
the gentry come to a resolution, the enemy have time to do what they
please, there being no place of strength to put a stop to them until they
come to Warsaw.

The Polanders are good soldiers, especially the cavalry, being armed
with a coeliac, two pistols, an hatchet at one side and fauclton at the
other, with a quiver lull of arrows, and a bow behind their backs, which
they niake use of after they have discharged their fire.arms, when the
enemy runs. They are great travellers, faithful, eliging, and civil to
strangers, magnificent in their cloaths and entertainments, which are
frequent among them. They use a great quantity of saffron, spice, and
sugar. In their manes they pretend to a great deal of devotion, fast
Fridays and Saturdays, but will be drunk, and fight lustily on those
days.
The peewits are the porest wretches in the world, having nothing
in pro Fer, and being subjects to lords that treat them worse than galley.
slaves. The noblemen have power of life and death over their domes.
tics and peasants; and if a neighbour kills a boor, it is but paying the
price he is rated at, and the business is made up. And whereas in other
countries, a nobleman is said to be worth so much a year, here he Is said
to be master of so many slaves, who work hard, live on little, ant'. dwell
in pitiful cabins, daubed with mud and covered with straw. Their chil-
dren play, era, and sleep, with the pigs, whilst the father snakes use of
Ibis horse's manger and coris.stall for table and bed. There are no inns
in the country. The gentlemen, when they travel, lodging with their
friends, or being treated by the boors, who are obliged to entertain them
' upon such occasions. If any of the gentry happens to be taken prisoner,
the king is obliged to ransom him. Their drink is beer and metheglin.
They drink nu water, because it stinks in Poland where it stands in
the plains. Their women are of short stature, very simple, yet want
not good manners. The men are somewhat jealous, and entrust them
only with their nearest kindred when they ate In the wars, or absent
from home. They speak the Selavonian tongue ; besides which they
all speak Latin.
The first duke of this kingdom was I,echus, who began his reign
about 550. His posterity continued in fourteen descents to Micislaus,
or hilesku, who began to reign in 964, and who was thy first Christian
duke. lioleslaus, the sou of dlicislaus, received the title of king from
Othu, emperor et Germany, when that prince visited the tomb of St.
Adelbert, who was killed by the Prussians. This king left 3licislaus
11. the father of Casimir 1. to whom his son Boleslaus IL succeeded.
This last, surnan.td the Cruel, put to death Stanhlaus, bishop of Cra-
covia, whereupon Poland was deprived of the title of kingdom until
Primislaus was chosen King in 121f5. Lewis, king of Henget y, chosen
after Casimir the Second, left two daughters, the youngest of which,
called dedurige, being declared Queen, married Jagellon, Duke of
Lithuania, who thereupon became Christian, and took the name of La-
dislaus IV. and united his territories to Poland in 1380. He bad for

successors Ladislaus V. Casimir, John, Albert,
1. and Sigismond 11. which last dying without issue ice 1572, the Po-
landers chose Henry Duke of Anjou, son to King Henry 11. of France,
who was ciowced there in 1674, hut coming to France to succeed his
father Charles IX. in 1576, some of the electors named Stephen RA-
thori Prince of Transilvania, rod another part Maximilian Archduke
of Austria, which occasioned a war, wherein the first got the better ;
but dying without children in 1586. Sigismond 111. son of Job', King
of Sweden, was put upon the throne in 1587, and alter his father'.
death took possession of the Crown of Sweden; but the Swedes re-
voked, and chose Charles Prince of Sudermania, Sigismond's uncle,
made war against Poland, and possessed themselves of Riga, in 1626 :
Sigismond died in 1632. His son Ladislaus succeeded, who dying in
1648, John Casimir was chosen to succeed him. He voluntarily abdi-
cated the Crown, and was succeeded by Michael Korihut Wiesnoviski,
who died lu 1672, and has for his successor John Sobieski, who is the
thirty-second King of Poland, renowned for his relief of Vienna.
As to Government, Poland is monarchical and sristotratical—mo-
narchiati because they have a King ; but aristocratical, because this
Prince's power is so limited that he cannot, without the consult of the

PRICE 71).

Senators, undertake any considerable matters. Others add to the two
fernier, a democracy or popular government, which is that of the nobles.
The Archbishop of Gnome, Primate of the kingdom, has the adminis-
tration during the interregnum. He assembles the States for the elec-
tion of a new King, appoints the time and place for it. The King
being chosen by the plurality of voices, this Prelate calls him into the
middle of the Assembly, and then leads him to the Church. where he
4 swears he will preserve theprivileges of the kingdom, and observe the
established laws, which ob bim to do nothing without the appetite.
don of the States. In bus ess of importance the Bing sends by his
Chancellor letters, which he calls " instructionis litters," to the
palatines, to acquaint them with what he designs to propose
to them, and the time that he would have them come to Court.
—Upon the receipt of these letters, each Senator examines
in particular the nature, quality, and consequences of the
propositions, to which he has full liberty to make what
answer he thinks salts beet with the public and his own private interest.
Ths king leads his letters also into the Palatinates, to assemble the
igeblrr who choose a nuncio, that is, a man of parts and omity to
&for the province r, but they must all spec unanimously [a thekr
":r e i foe if but a private gentleman refuses his suffrage, it blade
theelactios, and the province troir leaving either tots or privilege in
pe states. When these provincial asserubbea are ended, the mom
And sundae came to court, where, the king, attended by his chancellor,
proposes the thing anew, and hears their advice*. If they all agree,
mums reelemante, aniline dissentients, as they speak, things go well.
If they differ, then the dict breaks up, and each returns to his home.
Among the cities, none hut Cracovia, Dantsic, and Willis have the
privilege to send deputies to the diet that sit among the nobles. Thick
provincial assemblies being open to the meanest peasant, the enemies of
the state never fail to know what is debated in them, to the great ding.
pointment of their undertakings.
The king's principal revenue consists in the vat-pita near Crawls,
in the copper, lead and silver mines, and tribute from the Jews. The
crown general has peat incomes, and by virtue of his office, is grand.
muter of the !dog's household, grand-master of the ceremonies, intro-
ductor of ambassadors, lord high steward, sovereign judge, eke. The
generals of the kingdom and Lithuania have a sovereign and unlimited
power in the field. Besides filiation and Chatelaine, the towns have
their burgmves, judges, and magistrates.
As to their religion, they were formerly idolaters, and And the
same divinities that the Greeks, Romans and Germans did. lbesullisn
affirms in his Treatise against the Jews, that the Gospel was peached
in gantlet* but we know it was not received in that of Bungle, WIWI
L Poland, till the tenth age. The reformation, about 1533, bares:
these countries, hut was never generally embraced. The Greek
has some footing here too. But the most general Is the Roam CAC.
lie. Gregory Pauli, minister of Cracovia, preached Annaba dem
about the year 1566, but Sigismunti Augustus expelled him, together
with George Blandrata, Lelio &wird, Valentin Genii, and some others.
Fattens Socini, who gave name to the Socinians, came afterwatds, and
left his disciples there, who continued till 1660, when they were be.'
nished by king John Casimir.
_ In a future paper we will introduce a similar article OS
modern authorities.

DX:KE ON

157. Things of this world are in so constant a flux, that
nothing remains long in the same state. Thus people,
riches, trade, power, change their stations, flourishing mighty
cities come to ruin, and prove in time neglected desolate
corners, whilst other unfrequented places grow into populous
countties, filled with wealth and inhabitants. But things
not always changing equally, and private interests often
keeping up customs and privileges, when the reasons of them
are ceabt:d, it often comes to pass, that in governments,
wlwre part of the legislative consists of representatives
tt!ln•3en lit) the people, in acct of dine this sepresentatinn
be-
comes very unequal and disproportionate to the reasons it
was at tir,4 established upon. To what gross absurdities
the following of custom, when reason has left it, may lead,
we may be staled, when we see the bare name of a town,
of which there remains not so much as the ruins, where
scarce so much housing as a ebeepcot, or more inhabitants
than a shepherd is to be found, sends as many representa-
tives to the grand assembly of law-makers, as a whole county
numerous in people, and powerful in riches. This strangers',
stand amazed at, and every one must confess needs a remedy ;
though most think it hard to find one, because the constitu-
tion of the legislative being the original and supreme act of
the society, antecedent to all positive laws in it, and depend-
ing wholly on the people, no inferior power can alter it.—
And therefore the people, when the legislative is once con-
stituted, having, in such a government as we have been
speaking of, no power to act as long as the government
stands; Ellis inconvenience is thought incapable of a remedy.
158. Salus papvli supreme: lex, is certainly so just and
fundamental a rule, that he, who sincerely follows it, cannot
dangerously err. If, therefore, the executive, who has the
power of convoking the legislative, observing rather the true
proportion than fashion of representation, regulates, not by
old custom, but by true reason, the number of members, in
all places, that have a right to be distinctly represented, which
no part of the people, however incorporated, can pretend to,
but in proportion to the assistance which it affords to the
public ; it cannot be judged to have set up a new legislative,
but to have restored the old and true one, and to have rectified
the disorders, which succession of time had insensibly, as
well as inevitably, introduced. For it being the interest, as
well as intention of the people, to have a fair and equal re-
presentati►e ; whoever brings it nearest to that, is an un-
doubted blend to, and establisher of the government, and
cannot miss the consent and approbation of the community.
Prerogative being nothing but a power in the hands of the
pi ince , to provide for the public good, in such cases, which
depending upon unforeseen and uncertain occurrences, cer-
tain and unalterable laws could not safely direct; whatsoever
shall he done manifestly for the good of the people, and J►e
establishing the government upon its true foundation is, and
always will be, just prerogative. The power of erecting new
corpo►ations, and them ewith new representatives, carries with
it a supposition, that in time the measures of representation
might vary, and those places have a just right to be repre-
sented, which before had none ; and by the same reason,
those cease to have a right, and be too inconsiderable for
such a privilege, which before had it. It is not a change
from the present state, which, perhaps, corruption or decay
has introduced, that wakes an inroad upon the government,
but the tendency of it to injure or oppress the people, and
to sel op one part or party, with a distinction from, and an
ttaeyt•al ouljection of the rest. Whatsoever cannot hut he
acknowlcdyedtuheofadvantage to the society, and ;mope in
fieneral, upon just and lasting measures, will always, when
dune, justify itself ; and whenever the people shall chose
their representatives upon just and undeniably equal 'ilea-
sures, suitable to the original frame of the government, it
cannot be doubted to be the will and act of the society, who-
ever permitted or caused them so to do.—Chap. XIII. of
Locke on Government.

Meetings were held last night in the Borough, to con-
cert measures for ejecting an unworthy representative of its
patriotic spirit. The cloven foot appeared on the subject of
the Ballot ; and the Boronians had originally much faith in
their adoption of a man who had retailed, at second-band,
all the tales of Arabia as solemn facts. There ought to be
no clitilculty in such a district, to find a man of integrity, in
whose hands the electors could agree to confide their liberties
and public interests.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Aran. 20.
Counsel and witnesses were heard for Turton's Divorce Bill. Fur-
ther roar Wings on Monday.
The Earl of KINNOULL presented a petition from the noble _
men, gentry, and justices of the peace of Perth, praying for reform.
Lord SUFFIELD presented 50 petitions against slavery.
Lord AUCKLAND presented 52 petitions having the same object.
Sir A. OaAXT and several 'aerobes from the Commons brough; up
the Duchy of Cornwall and the Colonial Trade Bills.
The Idarquis of LANSDOWNE presenud the petition of the boust-
bolder, and rate-payers of Castle Baynard ward, in the city of Lundell,
in favour of reform.
The Duke of GORDON presented petitions to the same effect from
Elgin and Rosae.
Earl GREY presented six petitions to the same erect.

Ft V
, \\
01V' N
Api \
CAZt XXV rm.
tignamitiqb
t
1788.
