IORtION MAUI?.

The panic of Friday and Saturday in this market, appears by
to-day's transactions to have entirely subsided, and moat of the
foreign securities are on the rise. Colombian is sought after
this morning.
Current Prices :—Chilian R 3, New Spanish 691 ex. div. Old
81 ex. giv. New Prussian 88k, Old 89, Russian 88i 1, Danish
99, Neapolitan 81, Scrip 82b, Colombian 83 ex. dlv. Scrip
dit-o, Peruvian 86, New Spanish Scrip 4.

. . _
French Funds, Saturday, 9.5 f. IR.—same as Friday.

The French Papers of Thursday and Friday have
reached us. The intelligence from Verona is to the
2Gth ult. up to which time it does not appear. that
much business had been done by the Congress.—

Various reports were in circulation—such as that the
Emperor of RUSSIA would return to his empire much
sooner than was expected, and that the Congress
would be transferred to Vienna. Several remarkable
arrests are said to have taken place at Verona, Padua,
and Venice. The first meeting of the Congress took
place on the 22d ult. It was chiefly devoted to the
interchange of powers and civilities..
As it is now no longer doubted that the interposi-

tion of the British Government has caused the Mem-
bers of the Holy Alliance to abandon their designs on
Spain and Portugal, the busUiess of the Congress be-
comes very much narrowed. The most important

point on which they will therefore be called to deli-
berate is the affairs of the Greeks : and here the inte-
rests and feelings of the parties may be expected to
clash. European Turkey is the prize for which Rus-
sia is contending ; Austria has also an eye to an in-
crease cf territory on her Hungarian frontier ; and the
two miglit perhaps agree to some division of the spoil,
could the other Powers of Europe be induced to per-
mit it; but it is decidedly the interest of Great Britain,
France, and Prussia, particularly of the latter, to re-
sist all aggrandizement of Russia and Austria. Here
then is one difficulty, but it is not the only one.—
What is to become of the Greeks? Are they not in a
situation to make terms for themselves? Certainly
they are: for notwithstanding the desolation of Scio

and Cyprus, and the wanton massacres committed
by the Turks in the Morea, the Greeks are still un-
subdued—still sufficiently formidable to prevent their
being transferred from one slavery to another by a
decree of the Holy Alliance at Verona. To support
them in their independence becomes a matter of policy
as much as it is one of duty, justice, and humanity.
Greece, erected into an independent nation, would,
tend more to preserve the balance of power in Europe,
and to prevent Russia and Austria from encroaching
upon their neighbours, than any treaty of offensive
or defensive alliance that the other Powers of Europe
could enter into.

The accounts from Madrid in the French Papersl
are to the 2Gth ultimo. General MORI LLO is said to
have been arrested on the 18th, in the village of
Zurza, three leagues from the frontiers of Portugal.
It is said he was recognized by an inhabitant of the
place, who had served under him in the war of in-
dependence. The Alcalde of the village arrested him
on account of his having no passport. lie was con-
veyed to Placentia, and it is reported that the Go-
vernment has sent him passports to enable him to
travel freely to Madrid.
Wednesday, M. BENJA MIN CONSTA NT and the Edi-
tors of the four Liberal Journals, viz. Courier Fran.'
pais, Consiitutionnel, Pilote, and the Journal da Cow.,
tnerce, appeared before the Tribunal of Lorrectional
Police—the former charged with having composed,
and the others with having published, a letter re-
specting the deposition of M. LE CARRERE, Sub-Pre-
fect at Saumur, before the Assize Court of Poitiers.
The said letter is denounced as containing insults
against a public functionary, for having duly dis-
charged his dety ; and against a witness, in conse-
quence of the tenour of his testimony. M. B. CON-
STANT occupied a seat reserved for him between the
Tribunal and the Advocates' bench. On being called
upon to declare his name, profession, &c. he replied,
4‘ I declare that I do not admit the competence of
.this Tribunal to try me, because I have appealed
against the Decree of the Chamber of Council, by
virtue of which I am thus cited before the Correc-
tional Police. But, in order to evince my respect for
.the laws, and for Authority, although incompetent, I'
am ready to answer you." Some objections to the
competency of the Court were also made by the
Counsel for the Editors of the Journals. After a short
deliberation the Court deferred the suit to a future
day, in order tc take into consideration these several
pleas. M. B. CONSTANT has received another sum-
mons to appear this week, to answer to an indict-
tOnt founded upon his letter to M. MANGIN, Pro-

727.71T11KW

cureur-General, attached to the Royal Court of Poi-
tiers. The folibwing **acts : -
• PAltThp NOVICIII.BII, 1.
An extraordinary, courier has brought news from
Madrid up to the 25th. The Duke of Castro Torre-
nos, Captain of the Hallibordiers on the 7th of July,
and who had been sent to quarters at Valencia, has
been conducted to Madrid, and put in the same pri-
son with the other accused .persons. The Duchess
followed him to Madrid. Brigadier Peron, who at
the same epoch commanded the Ist Regiment of
Guards, has also been sent to Madrid. General Mo-
rillo, who had escaped from bis country house at the
moment that persons came to arrest him, was seized
on-the 18th, at Larza, three leagues from the fron-
tiers of Portugal. It is said that he was recognized
by an inhabitant of the village, who had served under
him in the war of independence. The Alcade ar-
rested him because he had no passport. It is said
Government has sent him a passport to come to Ma-
drid. 'the opening of the Society Landabnvienne, so
lamed from a Lieutenant of the Guards, who pe-
rished in the beginning of July, under the Presidency
of the Deputy, Romero Alpuentes, took place on the
25th, in the evening.
Salveberez and Garces, two factious Chiefs, had
been tried at Pampeluna, and sentenced to death.—
They were executed there on the 22d.
It is asserted that Alexander O'Donnell, Colonel of
the Imperial Alexander regiment, is to take the com-
mand of the sth distrkt in place of Espinosa, so that
if Charles O'Donnell commands the Royalists in the
same province, as is said, the two brothers will be
obliged to fight one against the other.
The Journals of Madrid of the 25th say, that M.
Arajuco, cabinet courier, arrived there on the 24th
from Vienna, bringing, says the Spedateur (a Minis-
terial Journal), favourable news. General Espagna,
who presented himself at the Court of Vienna as the
Emissary of the Regency of Urgel, was not very well
received ; a person who has just arrived at Vienna,
and one of those who have most influence in theton-
gress, gave the most flattering hopes with regard to
Spain, and displayed a great deal of interest in it.—
It appears that General Espagna is not gone to
Verona. A letter from Bayonne of the 23d, which is
just arrived, mentions that this Officer is at Tarves,
in the department of des Hautes Pyrenees. The same
letter confirms the news of Quesada's return to Na-
varre, with 1,500 men. He traversed Upper Arragon
without Zarco del Valle being able to stop him,
though the Constitutional General arrived at Huesca
by forced marches.
The elevation oT the Journalist San Miguel, to the'
post of a Minister, has roused the ambition of the
Editors of the Zurriago and of the Tercerola. Dis-
pleased, however, with their former coadjutor, they
do not spare him in their writings. The Editor of
the Tercerola has been denounced to the Alcada, at
the requisition of San Miguel, and the affair has been
sent for trial.

We have not yet received the details, as was ex-
pected, of the destitution of the Municipality of PAM.
peluna. The gates of the town are shut, to secure
some emissaries who had entered with bad intentions.
It is confirmed that Estella has been surprised by
the insurgents, who, after offering a capitulation to
about 100 soldiers, afterwards massacred them.
Colonel Asura, recently arrived at Tolosa, says
that Gurrea, a Constitutional Chief, has advanced
on Lerida with 5,000 men; and that Zarco del Voile
had left 3,000 men on the frontiers of Catalonia, to
prevent the return of the factious into Navarre.

From Tolosa, a column composed of 100 men of
the regiment Espagna, and of national militia, was'
sent to Villafranca to make head against 810 incur.
gents arrived on the 18th at Ataun. It is believed
these are the band that attacked. Estella.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM•BAYONNE, OCT. 26.
s 4 The Constitutionalists have frequently trumpeted
forth pretended victories. Here is one of which we
will not doubt, and which excites great joy among
the friends of liberty and the Constitution. Colonel
Gazes and the Commandant Salaberry, who were
lately taken prisoners, have been condemned and
executed at Pampeluna amidst the acclamations of a
ferocious troop. They had hardly suffered when
groupes repaired to the hall of the Court-Martial
which had condemned them, and demanded the trial
and condemnation of several other Officers of the
Army of the Faith who arc in prison. These canni-
bals only retired when they were assured by the Mem:
bers of the Court, that the trials shoulA go on and
judgment be immediately given."—Quotidienne.
General Eguia displays the greatest activity. Ge-
neral Don Carlos Espagna is expected, who is to take
a command by the orders of the Regency. A ✓unto
has been organised, a General Ste, and a general
Intendancy for the l3iscayan Provinces. All the or-
ders or acts given by it will bear the device, Conquer
or die for our Religion and oar King.
A Portuguese General, who was coming to take re-
fuge in France, has been arrested at Vittoria, and as.'
sassinaced by the Constitutionalists.— Quotidienne.
La Ruche d' Aquitaine announces, that Lieutenant-
General Count Donselot, Governor of Martinique,
has established a Cour Prevotal in that Island, by an
Ordonnance, dated August 12th, in order to put a
i stop to poisonings, which have been committed in
several places.

I The Tribunal of Correctional Police at Marseilles
has decided de the right of carrying arms belongs

4- • • - , -

to every Frinchman who it not e*pressly deprived .01.•
it by the law ; that the right to hunt stud Afoot is in-
herent
in property, and thar*every laud-goner may
hunt, or allow hunting in his fields, both open and
inclosed, during the seasons when it is not prohibited;
finally; that carrying arms without permissionis not a
crime, unless shooting or hunting actually takes place.
This law agrees with that of the Cour Royak of Aix.
Strange reports are in circulation concerning the
Congress. The Emperor of Russia, it has been for
some days said, is to return to his dominions before
the time settled for that purpose.
The Quotidienne contains more details of the at-
tempt to assassinate Sub-Lieutenant Wolfel, and they
rather differ Flom those it gave yesterday. For ex-
ample, instead of a great coat this Officer had a
mantle, as stated by the Gazette. The weapon, which
it also said had only penetrated a few lines, having
been stopped by die thickness of the clothing, is now
said to have entered an inch and a half into the flesh,
although the buckle of the belt, the cloak, and the
coat had contributed to stop the blow. The judicial
inquiries will soon put the Public in a condition to
know what is correct in the account given by the
Quotidienne, and by the other Journals.—,--Le Cou-
rier Francais.

This forenoon we received a Flanders Mail, with
Brussels Pape••s to the :st instant. The Synod of
Presbtirg, which has just closed its sittings, is said to
have resolved unanimously that the Jesuits shall be
recalled, and the education of youth again entrusted
to them. The following are extracts:

7V72-,r2L77;
. • •


ANSTI-11WAIg, Nov. I.—Exchange on London, 39. 8.

was much letuented at eat amlo. Seat of the
Europeans had suffered aarisokstnion at San Paulo,
nor bad anything of consequence been done against
them at Santos. •
bar. 2.s.—The Captain of the Portuguese brigan.
due the Paquete de Ceara, in tiny-six days from Ma.

in that province, whichT firmly adhered to,Fortugal,
and would not obey the orders of the Government of
Rio; that they, however, wished for troops {Pm Par.
tugal, and intended to draw up a petition to that el-
fect. Don Franciso Maximilian de Sousa, Coin.
mander of the squadron which returned from Rl°
Janeiro, is to.be tried by a Court Martial.
SITTING OB THB CORM, OCTOBER 24.

M. Soares de Alvedo read a plan for the establish-
ment of a free
port at Lisbon, which is proposed by
the Committee of Commerce to be read a second time
In another sitting.
The Cortes have been engaged, in several Sittings,
with the organization of the Proiincial Tribunals.

A Mitch Mail, bringing Papers to the 2‘i instant,
reached us this forenoon. Private information from
Manilla, of the 25th of April last states, that a few
days before a conspiracy among the troops bad been
discovered, the object of which was, to del.:o,e the
Governor and to proclaim independence. Tile Go-
, vernor had taken proper precautions in time, and had
caused the mutinons to be in part disarmed and in
part sent to Cavita, three leagues from Manilla.
Great agitation still prevailed in the city. The same
account says that the cholera morbus ha,l entirely
ceased at Manilla.

Letters from Macao say that the Portuguese there
took the oath to the new Constitution on the 16th of
February, on which occasion they illuminated the
town three evenings successively.
Accounts from St. Peter' sburgh, of the 16th or
filctober, say that the Emperor is still expected to re-
turn to that city by the end of December or the be-
ginning of January.
_ _

His MAJESTY has been occupied during the whole
of the last week in examiniag the progress that had
been made in the Pavilion at Brighton, and the build-
ings connected with it, during his absence. The din-
ner parties at the Palace have been exceedingly select.
They have hitherto been confined to the accomplished
Marchioness and her lovely daughter. and the Ogi-
cers of the Household, with occasionally an addi-
tional guest or two. His MAJESTY is very abstemious
in his diet, eating simple fare, and thinking only a
few glasses of wine. He retires early froth table,
and is very soon followed into an adjoining room,
where coffee is immediately served. Alters% axis the
company adjourn into the tea-room. This delightful
beverage is prepared by the hand of the Marchioness,
or her beautiful daughter. His MAJESTY then es-
corts his fair visitors into the Music-room, followed
by the whole circle. Here are in waiting the KING'S
noble band, who, under the immediate command of
Royalty, play. whatever may happen to be congenial
to his MAJESTY'S taste. The concerts end about
twelve o'clock, when the KING retires to rest. Ar•
rangemeuts ale making for the accommodation of
various parties who are expected on occasional short
visits to his %usury during his stay at the Pavilior.
Lord LIVERPOOL and his new bride, Lord A NDI.EiEI
and his daughters, Lord LAUDERDALE, Lord BA-
THURST, and several of the Ministers with their fami-
lies, are mentioned.

Mr. CANutuo left town on Saturday morning, ac-
companied by Lord GEORGE BENTtNCK, and Lord
HOWARD DE WALDEN, on a visit to the Earl of Li-
VERPOOL, at Walmer Castle.

The Duke of NoaroLe has left his seat, Fornham, Suffolk, on
a visit to Mr. and Lady Aar: COKE, at their seat in Nortolk.
The Duke of HAssumoN left Thomas's Hotel, Dakelvy-sltarr,
on Saturday, for Paris,

After consultation with the highest taw Authori-
ties, the SPEAKER of the House of Commons on Sa-
turday withdrew km the contest to represent the
University of Cambridge in Parliament. Tile Sott-
CITOR•GENERAL, and Mr. SPENCER PERCEVAL (son
of the lap Minister of that name), bad, unfortunately
for themselves, previously resigned their claims is
his behalf; so that the candidates are now reducei ti
three—namely, Lord HERVEY, Mr. SCARLET?, and
Mr. R. GRANT. The friends of Mr. SCARLET 1' ar£
said to be very sanguine in their expectations of 113
success..—The Observer.

One great advantage in representing the Unirer-
sky of Cambridge is, that when once a Candidate is
returned, he seldom is disturbed in his seat.
The LORD MAYOR of Dublin has issued a Procla-
mation, strictly prohibiting the decoration of the
statue of William 111. in College Green, on the 4t4
and sth of November, as a custom occasioning divi-
sions and animosities, and leading to a breach of the
public peace.
Wednesday, Mr. ANDREW ALLEN HARDY WSS
elected Coroner for the City of York, in the room of
the late Mr. FOSTER.
The Radical Reformers of Catbele and suburbs er,
Tuesday evening last assembled (report says to the
number of about 200) upon Coalfell-hill, a mile from
this city, attended by a considerable nember of females,
their wives and acquaintance, in order to evince tileic
joy at the liberation of Mr. limn- Ilchestor Jail,
after his long confinement. Drums and fifes with two
flags accompanied the meeting, and at eleven o'clock
a pyramid, composed of about half a dozen et tar bar-
rels, was set on Are, around which the company stood;
and one of them in two or three words proposed that
upon the occasion of Mr.HUNT's liberation they shouli
eve a volley of cheers, which was done accordingly.—
On returning to the town, they were met by the pt;.
lice officers in Caldew-gate, some of whom rushing
with pistols in hand upon the bearers of the
compelled them to surrender ; the colon's were thea
lodged in the guard house. At twelve o'clock a party
with drum and file paraded three tittles round ti:e
market-cross, giving as many cheers, when the police
officers.again immediately caused their dispersion.—
Carlisle Jour nil.
