s • . - • ••
-f ht tett SiO X-eitt.!(c • •

• .• •

DEAUTIFU,L. W 0111244.
141" , •
greatest blemish to beauty it superfluous HALL.*
• tit tItO Face Neik; and Arma—RUlEßrs ROSEATA
,POWDILII fume:lrately Fenn:mei them, Is en elegant Article, peg.
'foctly nutmeat and:Pleasant to um. pm. 4a. and Vs:
• Sold Lit INner4ator,_ vgnoltale And seta, No. 53, Rune&
street, covsnt Garden:Overton,. 44; Blimd-stsmot ; Dragnet,
CseSlde Thord, 45, Osfofd-greet ;Davisorsali, Flpet-mreet;
p Baxter, Edlntrurgla lOW r. Greven/ in 4.
Darman, I.llrerpool ; Sinlges, 'Strang!) ItoliasOn Coventry •
Calks Yntrk I SPneleri Worthilll; Gallia: Ball 1 Honking.
114, Tress:non, Eget:: ; Gregory, Brigllton ; Mitebdl, Col!
clawing ; Tymbs, Worcester ; S eil'uttlneldgeArelja.; Jen-
klmb.flwausea; and in every &Romance to dealers.

IJINIA-141 sit wie4.F1141.4..
A MEDICINE of. regolar prescription. and esta.
bibbed credit, Is perhaps °Wel the Most saf. and tracks:lona,
that. ean be taken at this season of the year, and at all tines Sot
Spasms, Wine in the Stoinach, Neatens Complaints, to pro:dote
reolat Perspiration,fto Deficiency of Bile, and in Otntruction of
the Bowels, in Heart Burns, Costiveness, CLdies, Gout, Vonaiste
4ags. la Head-Anha Oh tiM, their intrinsic worth €4l
grove their best receryvmendation; the, are par.icularly recom-
mended during the course of Sea Bathing, and drinking the
Sea uml Mineral Watts's ; alio for those hying in warm Cbarearna
PrlVared by Thomas Sisellitoe,juu. Dragzint Tottenham Melt
Crook Middlesex, by vinue of au assignment from H. and 1.
Beswiik, sole Proprietors of. the Receipt, by the Will of M. Ska-
diman• and are actiei by Skaw and Edwards, N 0.66, St. Paul%
Chureyard; and Bacon and Ca Na. 4150, Oxford-crett, in
Boxes at U.—As. 6d.--1 Os. 6d. and One Guinea ; and oaky be be 4
of the Principal Venders of Medicines in Tonendentuttry..

. D. JANIE6's ANALEPTIC PILLS.
THE cel....brity of they PiUs as a general. preserves
tire of health is universal, Prom their eScacy, In doO.ds,stest.
matesms, bead.ache, indigestion, eatolence in the stomach,bowsise
or eholioa thence arising; far gamy atl:cdons, liilionS difiaser,
jaundice, the liver complaint, and other deep-seat:id disorders. It
r 4.lrozstes they-.have not their elualk as tin %titer will accumulate
where these Pills are regularly. taken; in lowness of spicits, and
nervous disorders; also hi fem do obstructions and irresuLtriti.is,
rantoving !hecause, they often restore persons subject td ;
iu the decline of life persons of either sex aliould tariir be with.
out ; they are a good assistant to tip feta Powder, which
may be bad at the saute place.
Prepared and st termitic as usual, I. 9d. Sjle Pocket, and
2s. 9d. pee Box B. PERRI, (the original and only
who eria prepALd the Anal, Ptin Pins foe tbkhk Pk-
Z:ir..iet),,Si, z0u..4.1-npson...strert,

1111, JAWS'S POWDER..
rot Peatts, Aiwa, Colds, hiflueozas, Measles, dcra •
• CAL; PON.
AR.lOtl4 Imitations of this Medicine have been
V
bronfht forward by persons foitnetii is Dr. Jameslserrice,
nude. the pretence of having assisted fd.pteparing his Poder
but to obviate such impxiitions the public arc in poswesion of
the Ergotism eVidence--4hesol..4nn deposition of the Doctor him.
felt, in an afAcLwit left in the bands of his Executers, and pub.
fished in the year 177?, soon after his decease. In this hedeclaress
•` That the servants he employed in the preparation ofhis Powder
had little more to to than to ponnd the ingredients, and attend to
he fires under his direction"; that the rest of the process had al-
ways hem performed by himself; and that he never admitted
any person to be present at suchyrotets, but his son Robert liar.
court James and Mr. Neivliery
Powders are now offered for sale by one whO boldly asserts
" that he was the original and.only person who ever prepared
them Cur the late Dr. James.". " •
It happens, however, that the Peres Powder was prepared,
and slid before this man was born, (the Patent being bated in
1747), and therefore he conld not have been either " the twig&
nal' or " the ody" preparer : but the truth is, cleat he -never
was, at any time, employed by .Dr. !antes ro assist him in the
process of his powder.
The gennine Powder is to be had only from Fs Newbery and
Sons, No. 45, in St. Paul'i Chcrch,yard, London ; or at Di.
James's late house, in Bruton-street, in packets, price 35.9 d. each;
or in bektiel, containing 12 packets, as made up for the Army 04
Navy, price IL 4s. including the ditty. Obst`rot that the war*
" P. Newbety, Na 45, Sti Pirtle,'' ace Ova" ea ota the. stsruPrf

CH,INO'SRATENT WCIKM lAZEII44.ES.
Pests, Guardians, and ethers sthn have the
we of Children, this valuable medicine cannot be too strongly
recommended. Worm: are a disease few children escape. They
destroy the appetite, Weaken the organs of digestion, produce pains
in the stomidh and bowels, deprive the body of its nourishment,
occasion emaciation AO paleness, stop the progruss of growth, and
I are the cause of the most alarming convulsionst which too often
terminate in death. Nor are their effects lesx severe on grown per-
sons; by ulcerating the stomach arid bowels, they ate often the
cause of lingering complaints, wide's prove fatilitt last, and subject
the patient to the moat excruciatiaj its of agony and distress. -la
childhood, every disease with which a Child 14 afflicted is also.higlo•
ly exasperated by them. Tlse certainty sad safety both of tpeiy
prevention and cure, by the above medicine, is so fully established
to the satisfaction of the Puhlic, by the testlitony bf the first and
most leading characters of the Nobility, and of others of high so-
spectability, who have witness its remarkable effects in their own
families, that it is only necessary tq observe, this is the period of
the season 'When spch* medicine otriht to be rivets to children a 4,1
other., to prevent any attack cf this complaint.
Soliiwbolesale and retail, at Ching aad Attie r' s, No. 4, Clwapslde,
Corner of Paternoster-row I ktaster, Edlidnargh and Glasgow .
and rtt, iktot rotartxruargillutyphnt2s..9d. and .15...64:

' ji. Kuyitl leaknay.444l.l,iiiibet aslci Genttenutiaf
- - .f•-• RUSSjA OIL, fir
to great i npurishe,r
all peribds ; promotes
, and long; prevents its
f the least roots remain.
deviated, after ;sing the
bald places bocanae

, places ought not to
I the general osse of the
become shaded. Also
the whiskers, tq prevutg
everienceci on aColowtt
' shaving ; this case is
• colour sooner than

pa bottle, as tae.

_ A. Prime, No. 9,
John-srtett 01441-s trem ; and, by arpointmem, Jet. Smith, •
Peri umer to ids Majesty, New Bonti-etreet Hendtle and lons,
Perfume=s to ken Majesty, Tlohborne street ; Bayley and Anti -
Perfumers to sLe Prince and Princess of Wales, and Duke as
Duchess of York, 5, Cockspur-street ; Newberry and Sem 4.1,
St. Paul's Church-yard; Church-yard
and Sutton, Bow Church-4d
Barclay aintStsn, 95 Fleet-market ; Butler, 4, Cheepside; ShwtO
and fttiwavds, L 6, St!Paul's Church-yard ; Berry, Johnson, °reek.
street ; Gattie New llond-sirtvt; Rigge, 6.5, Cheapside;
don, 150, Osfi:rd-street ; Withers 299, strand ; Ward, tip/i;..
born; Tutt, It.cqal Exchange, LaMilon—Bull, 79, Datne-street,
Dublin ; 32, tirand Parade, Cork; Raeburn, Edinburgh; -
Crtitwell, Bath;, lialisbury ; and mist principal PertanumS
or Medicdno V. nadirs in England, Ireland, and Simtland.
• CAVE ION.—AI noxious cinanterfelts are felling ftlpemt
stops, and to deceive,. have Irritate I the Replan Eagle oil
dam Will and covers, purchasers win thEretbre * particular in
asking for Prince's Russia Oil, and übscrva the label on the out%
side wrapper of 'licit lifst!le if signed in gAnNilin rob "M.
c irikiusky and Prince; any without that signature age imarata
• - -
Cedars front palliate families in the country sent'Brria.,4l4
likellastiey in a law, diretaild SO Mt. Prince, ais above.
SlsvpilikWs VPdind tiwir *fete to ttor4tittittel. se 'vim?
WholmWNiendar I.kaY 4l dirt is UM". govigt !MOM
altowsue.

I Distinction and. vse PRltigg's
mothering the bait when dritssing, which is $
to the Hair, at to preveitt it turning grey to all
the growth, and mikes the hair grow thick and
falling oft; and restores tt an bald places, if the
Several Ge*lenien that were bald, have circlet
Russia 110 molirly for three months, the 1
nearly co 'betwf WittS
Ladies anti Ofnelemen going to watering p
neglect Vivi it Russia Oil, as it preventr the
water the hair to fall o 1 oe been
O.ntle*stt not ositit applying it to the w
them totning l tie 4 ie too unerall eigee
of the co ". they receive front sb
elestlf pro/KASS She whiskers niostly change
the hair ol tbe.iwitst
PrortgnelVOstlitate, eye-brows, &c. at 7s. p
tie containing kiwis:mill, as One Guinea.
Sold wholesale lied retail by the Proprietor,
_ _

SPAIN.

PROCLAMAPJN.

" Oviedo, July 17, 1808.
" Spaniards !—The Tyrant of France temporized
with you, to increase the number of his slaves. His
. ambition, his absurd confidence, increased by the in-
trigues of a vizier, and by those of a weak and perfi-
dious Court, led to the project of the arrest of our
august Monarch, that he might obtain possession of
these dominions ; and what tricks and abominations
were not employed to deceive our young Prince, and
to force him into ignominious slavery ! When he
sought to promote the prosperity of his people, and
the happiness of his beloved vassals, he met with op-
probrium, sacrilegious treachery, the ruin of his sub-
jects, a criminal compact written in characters of
blood by parricides and traitors, a thousand enormi-
ties of which Nero was incapable, all. which 'were de-
liberately concerted with a haughty Vandal, who
meditated our destruction: Oh
.atrocious violation
of the rights of society !
Generous Charles Thou who didst •decficate thy
best days, those days which thou owedst to the well-
being of thy people, in pursuing the wild beasts of
thy forests, tell us, if amongst this savage race, thou
bast found any so ferocious as the horrid monster to
whom thou bast thoughtlessly sacrificed an innocent
family, and a faithful nation worthy the best affec-
tions of their Sovereign.
44 By such infernal artifice, Napoleon already
reckoned among his treasures the massive gold of
Spain, and of her Indies; as if it were as easy to van-
quish a people, as to seduce Kings, and to corrupt
courtiers. But he is deceived, and most effectually
is he cheated by those who are conversant in the arts
of deception. He has forgotten that we are both
freemen and- Spaniards since the 19th of March ; a
day of as much exultation to Spain, as it was of terror
and alarm to the black eagles which presumed to fix
their talons on the gates of-our capital. Happy day,
which you have converted to the deiolation of your,
enemies !
" Look, oh Spain ! down the horrible precipice
that perfidy has excavated, and remember the exalted
happiness and the immortal renown your enemies
have prepared for you.
44 Yes, Spain, with the energies of liberty, has to
contend with France debilitated by slavery. If she
remain firm and constant, Spain will triumph. A
whole people is more powerful than disciplined ar-
mies. Those who unite to maintain the independence
of their country, must triumph over tyranny. Spain
will inevitably conquer in a cause the most just that
has ever raised the. deadly weapon or war ; for she
fights, not for the concerns of• a day, but for the se-
renity and happiness of ages ; not for an insulated
privilege, but for all the rights of human nature ; not
for temporal blessings, but for eternal happiness ; not
for the benefit of one nation, but for all mankind, and
even for France herself.
Spaniards, elevate your natural, courage by such
sntiments ; let every tyrant of the earth perish,
rather than that you should submit to despotism and
to impiety. To impiety I—Merciful Goo, let not your
faithful people be exposed to such disgrace and in-
famy !
44 Spaniards ! Let every honest man arise in de-
fence of his country : let your iron and brass be con-
verted into thunderbolts of war ; let all Spain become
a camp; let her population become an armed host;
above all, let cur youths fly to the defence of the
State, for the son should fall before the father appear
in the ranks of battle ; and you, tender mothers, af-
fectionate wives, fair maidens, do not retain within
your embraces the sweet objects of your lave, until,
from victory returned, they deserve your affection.
They withdraw from your arms not to fight for a
tyrant but for their GOD, for a Monarch worthy the
veneration of his people ; and not only for these, but
for yourselves and for your companions.
64 Instead of regretting their departure, like the
Spartan women sing the song of jubilee • and when
they return conquerors to your arms, then, and not
till then, weave the laurel crown for their reception.
4‘ The love of religion, of independence, and of
glory, those noble passions, the preservers of great
empires, penetrate into our inmost souls. Let us all
swear, by the outrages suffered by our country, by
the victims sacrificed on the 2d of May, by our own
swords, bathed in the parricidal blood of the ferocious
Napoleon, that we will inflict the punishment decreed
by the GOD of Vengeance.
44 And you, rich men, rendered selfish, not patri-
otic, by indulgence, do not continue in ignoble repose,
but exert your means, that peace may be secured. If,
debilitated by inactivity, you are incapable of endur-
ing the fatigues of war, let your treasures supply the
wants of the indigent, and the necessities of the de-
fenders of their country. And yon, ye venerable or-
ders of religion, do not ye withhold the "sums neces
sary for the support of the common cause. Which
is most precious, the gold of the mine, or the blood
of man ? If your civic virtue should not command
the sacrifice, your mercenary interest will extort it.
Your incorporation, sanctified by authority, your po-
litical existence, the possession of your property, your
individual security, all depend upon the success of
this war. Our independence cannot be resigned un
til these illustrious seminaries of sanctity and wis•
dom are surrendered—until these solid columns of
religion and of the state tumble to the earth—unti'
the public right shall be annihilated, and Spain itsel
subverted.

44 Happy country! this day you receivisfrom yourl
favourite sons the most acceptable proofs of their ten-
derness and love, of their affection and gratitude, for
the protection they have received C..-om you through
successive ages. To-day they return to you tTe
riches they have received for the spiendour you have
conferred, for your pious generosity, for your ardent
zeal, in sustaining the religion and the
.customs ut
their ancestors—those customs originating in the
sublime morality of the Gospel, within whose sacred
vase is inclosed, and will lie for ever inclosed, the
preservation of your Empire and the power& your
Monarchy. Rich men of every description ! opeis
your coffers and discharge your duty to your coun-
try, and be confident that her ungrateful children
w receive her anathema, and will not escape her
vet eance ! _ _ _

4' 459amards 1 We all defend one common cause.
We Itare passengers on board the ship Independence
erhis h is already launched, and must either swim or
sink, according as she is navigated by ts. There is.
