G REECE.

FitOh( THE 11111• LE.
NAPOLI DI ROMANIA, Javr 10.
The Greek Government has just published the follow-
ing Proclamation, which it addresses to the free people
and to zealous patriots:
The Directing Couttnissieo of Gram declares u follows:
When the Directing Commission took uposs itself the
government of the affairs of the country, which had
been confided to it by the Third National Assembly, it
sincerely detailed, in its first Proclamation, the dangers
to which the natiup was exposed, in consequence of the
success of the enemy, the physical and moral state of
our affairs, and the difficulties whiCh we had to en-
counter, in supplying our wants from the indigence of
our Treasury. All the members of the Commission felt
a real repugnance to accept these functions, and to load
themselves with so heavy a burden. All their hopes
were founded on the assistance of the MOST HIGH, on
the hatred of the nation to tyranny, on the sincere pa-
triotism of the higher classes, and of the other classes of
the na:ion, both civil and military.
In repeating the same declarations now, after the
most humble thanksgiving to the Most Hyatt, who has
protected his people in the moment of peril--after the
avowal, on the part of the nation, of its gratitude
towards the Philhellenes and philanthropists of Europe,
whose ardent zeal for the welfare of Greece daily fills
our magazines with corn and other necessaries, in pro-
visioning our fortresses and our camps, the Government
calls the nation to fly to arms with promptitude, for the
last time, more certain than ever of succeeding, for
never was the enemy more weakened than now, both
by sea and land. Never had Greece a fleet more nu-
merous, more powerful, or more determined to fight;
and never had the nation hopes better founded on fo-
reign aid.
What, then, remains to carry into execution this
grand plan P Nothing else, doubtless, but the union
and assistance of those who inhabit the continent, and
who see every day the objects most dear to them ex-
posed to massacre, to slavery, and dishonour. It de-
pends on us not to destroy the hopes of Greece and of,
all the Christian world—not to dishonour the trophies
obtained during the last five years—not to allow the
Egyptian to boast, that after the destruction of the,
greatest part of his force before llissolonghi, he will
triumph over the whole of the Peninsula, and not to
draw upon ourselves, by such conduct, the hatred, the,
contempt, and the derision of all Europe.
But whilst the Greek, armed and poor, ought to march'
against the common enemy, and to shed his blood for
his country, the rich and the peaceful cifzen ought,
likewise to perform his indispensable duty in assisting,
according to his power, by his money„the necessities of
the soldier; land, above all, he ought to lend his assist
once at the present moment, when, as it is well known,
the Government expects no loans, and has neither re-
venues nor any other resource". The union of those
who now reside in N.luplia in this object is at the pre-
sent moment our only resource, which, small though it
may be, will, nevertheless, effect a great tell- f in the
first wants of our warriors, and, above all, in the ne
cessities of those who have immortalized their names
during the terrible siege of Missolonghi, and thus con-
ferred glory on their country by the calamities which
they endured, and the brilliant actions which they per-
formed in its defence.

We now, therefore, call to battle the men who are
able to bear arms, and we ask from others a voluntat y
contribution. The Government is determined, in giving
a good example, to -contribute its money, and to more!)
against the enemy, despising personal dangers. In this
hour of crisis it only remains for the Government to do
what it has determined upon--it is its duty to do it—
and it will perform that duty with promptitude.

(Signed) ANDREAS ZAIMIS, President.
C. ZOGRAPHOS, Seeretuy General.
Navels, July 1.
