ISRUSSELs, DECEMBER 19.

By a new orr.mgcnient, the garrison of Camhray
is to consist only of English, Hanoverian, and Da.
nish troops. Perrame resnais:s in the occupatic nof
the army of the Duke of Wellington, and the can-
tonments of the troops arc to be distributed in such
a manner that they may he collected in considerable
fotce.in a awl t.ttme. It is said that the inventory
of the sisag:..zines, &c. st Valencunnes was to be
finished to day. The Jay before yesterday an Eng-
iih I.lficilr arrived there with instructions rrl dive to
.).e giiing up of the fortress, which is esp,cted to
aim place on Elio 1.5* iastaau

PIRATICAL STATES OP 3ARE fAr.

....•••

LITTER' PROM MONSIEUR THE FOUNT DE VALLAUR,
MINISTER Or HIS MAJESTY THR WINO OW SARDINIA,
TO SIR SIDNEY SMITH.
" Moss:nos Tss ADMIRAL... 4 aril commanded by his Ma-
jesty the King, my august master, to express to your Excelleacy
the satisfaction which your letter, transmitted to him by Mon-
sieur the Baron de la Caines, affordei his Majesty, and the gee.
titude with which he received the congratulations that you were
pleased to offer him on the occasion of his return to bis dyad-
' ?lions on the Continent.
41 The principles which influence your Excellency in favour of
the miserable victim of the Slave Trade, are too conformable
to the religion and sentiments which he professes. not to make
him desirous to see your enterprises crowned with the succe .1
which they merit, and not to feel most happy if he can himself
contribute to the result which you have in view, and in which
all hearts susceptible of the feelings of charity and compassion,
concur with you in devoutly wishing.
" The countless exploits by which Great Britain has rendered
herself illustrious, and which will make the cml of the 18th and
the beginning of the 19th century as brilliant as it is honourable
to her, are, In the estimation of the true ttie.ttis of humanity, a
title much less glorious to her than that of the Abolthin of thmt
Slave Trade, for which she bas openly reognized one of the
most consolatory precepts of the Christian Religion,—that which
esteems oilmen as so many brothers.

" His Majesty, therefwe, charges his .Plenipotentiaries at
Vienna ro enter folly into these same views, w•hesher for the Abo-
lition of the Aimee Trade or for the seppres‘lon of the piracies of
the Barbaric States, and commands me to make known to them
your Euellency's propositions, and his Majesty's Intentions
thereon.
" I congratulate myself, Monsieur, the Admiral, on the op-
portunity which the execution of my Sovereign's commands af-
fords me, of offering to you the assurance of the very distin-
guished consideratton with which I have the honour to be,
" Monsieur the Admiral, Ste.
" Turin, Oct. 1, 1814, " The Count de VALLAIIIe

WESI:INDILS

KINGSTON, OCTOBER ec.

Thursday, in the honourable House of Assembly,
after reading seseral Bills for the third time, the
House resolved itself into a Committee on the State
of the Island, when the Report from the Committee
appointed to consider of the Bill to be introduced
into the British Parliament relative to the unlawful
importation of Slaves into this Island, was read ;
upon which
Mr. SHAND rose and moved, that as that Rill had
not been perused by all the Members of the House,
the Clerk shiaild then read it ; which, occupying the
Huse ;till almost dark, it was proposed that Mr.
Speaker should resume the Chair, and the Committee
to report some progress, which was agreed to, and
the House adjourned.
Yesterday afternoon the House again resolved it-
self into a Committee on the Stare of the Island, when
the Report underwent a very long and interesting
discussion : and we were fortunate enough to obtain
.t copy of that part of it which passed the House at
s late hour last night, which is preliminary to the
Resolutions: it is as follows : •
" Mr. SPEAKED.—Your Committee appointed to
take ;Too erinsider.oLn the copy of a Bill which ap-
pears to have been introduced into the House of
Commons of Great Britain, and printed by its order,
entitled, A Bill for effectually preventing the tin.
lawful Importation of Slaves, and the holding Flee
Persons in Slavery in British Colonies;' the informa-
tion which has been transmitted by the A oent on the
subject of the said Bill ; and to repot t their opinion
of the measures which might to be adopted by the
House to prevent the said Bit being passed into a
law : —Have given their best attention to the matter
referred to them, anal are of opinion, that a more 70.
learn investigation slight to be instittited than the
present Committee have powers to make, by the cal.
mination of eviticnce, under full powers from the
House; they thereto,: beg leave to recommend the
app:iintment of a larger Committee, to inquire into
the proceedings which have taken place in Great Bri-
tain, to induce the Imperial Parliament to entertain
the question of enacting a law to compel the registra-
tion of the Slaves within this Island, under grievous
pains,' penalties, and forfeitures, and to report the
€lE:et ol such a law if enacted, on the Constitutional
rights and property of thv inhabitants, and the mea-
sures which they think best adapted for preventing so
great a calamity.
is To inquire into the.allegation and facts assumed
by the preamble and enactments of a Bill said to be
printed by order of the House of Commons, entitled
• A Bill for effectually preventing the unlawful Im-
portation of Slaves, &e. in the British Colonies,' and
to examine evidences to ascertain whether there be
any foundation for the iaid allegations, as far as re-
gards Jamaica, or any probability that a clandestine
importation of Slaves shall in future be attempted.
T. investigate the pres nt condition of the Slaves,
compared with their state in former times, and to re-
port whether any improvements or amelioration in
their situation can be accomplished by legal enact-
ments, with safety to the community, and due regard
to the sacred rights of ptioperty,
To refute the calumnies which have been circu-
lated, with the weight detived from the name of the
African Institution, in respect to the 'wanton oppres-
sion said •to be exercised over the 'said population,
and the misrepresentations of the condition of 'the
free persons of colour, as far as the Committee shall
think such calumnies and misrepresentations likely
to influence the Members of Parliament in their
proceedings on the measures contemplated by the Bill.
“ As some time must elapse before the examination
can be completed of all the witnesses who may be
thought necessary for establishing the facts which
must form the basis of a Report. refuting the calum-
nies and •misrepresentations that appear to have been
industriously circulated, to influence the proceedings
or Members; and as it should •seem that the Bill
above mentioned is to be taken up early in the next
Session of Parliament. the 'Committee beg leave to
recommend, that the House should, without delay,
take into consideration 'the constitutional question
arising out of the said Bill as' printed, which pro.
poses to exercise the most extensive and oppressive
powers of legislation within this- Island, and to inflict
penalties and levy flues, fees, and gratuities, not
connected with Co:nmercial regulations, on the in-
hibitants.

This question is not necessarily connected with
the facti to be established by cviicnce, arid it appears
Material that thi Irnperiil Varliament, ail the Mini-.
of Ibis Rt!yal Highness the hince Regent

should, through eur Agent, be apprized of the aen•
timents of the House on this most Important subject,
before the discussions on the said Bill under its con-

aideration.
" The Committee have drawn up and annexed to
this Report certain Resolutions, declaratory of what
they consider to be the constitutional and unalien-
able rights of the inhabitants of Jamaica, and with
great deference submit the same to the judgment of
the House."
On the above being agreed to, on motion, the
Chair was resumed, and sonic progress reperted,
when the House adjourned.
oc:roma 28.—0 n Saturday we
published the Re-
port of a Committee of the Honourable House of
Assembly, appointed to consider the effects of a Bill
lately introduced into the House of Commons ; the
same Committee tat again on Tuesday, and, toge-
ther with the Report, recommended to the House to
come to the following Resolutions, to which the
House unanimously agreed :
" 'Resolved, 1. That the free British subjects who
conquered and settled in Jamaica, or have since re-
moved to and established themselves in this island.
are bound by the like allegiance as every other stib-
ject of the realm, and carried with them, have en-
joyed, and ought of right to enjoy, all liberties and
immunities of free and natural born subjects, to all
intents and purposes, as if they had been born and
remained within the realm, modified and adapted to
their peculiar situation as colonists : and pattieularly
have enjoyed, and ought of right to. enjoy, so long
as their Knights and Burgesses are not called to sit
in Perliameat, a distinct and entire civil government,
of the like powers, pre-eminence, and jurisdictions,
within the said island, as are established in the Bri-
tish government, in respect of the British subjects
within the realm, which government, according to
the constitution of Jamaica. is composed of les Ma-
jesty the King of Great Britain and Ireland, and
Lord of Jamaica, the Council appointed by his Ma-
jesty, and the Representatives of the People, freely
elected and met in general assembly.
" 2. That the most important of the rights, privi-
leges, immunities, and franchises, which are inherent
in British subjects as their birth-right, and have by;
them been brought to this island, is to consent to'
those laws by which they are to be governed by the
exercise of the right to send their Representatives to
the said'General Assembly, who, with his 14 ijesty,
and the Council, can, and of right ought to do, all
such acts and matters of legislation, respecting the
internal government of the island, as the Imperial
Parliament can du within the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland.
" 3. That it is the peculiar privilege of the free
British subjects settled in Jamaica, by their Repre-
sentatives met in General Assembly, to give and
grant all aids and subsidies to his Majesty ; and to
impose all rates, duties, taxes, fees, hues, or penal.
ties whatever; and that laying and levyine any taxesa
fees, fines, or penalties, other than such ditties of
customs as are mere regulations of trade,* on the in-
habitants, by any tither authority than the leegisie-
ture of this Island, composed as Aforesaid, is attage.
titer uncoustituticnal, and a violation of their dearest
rights.
" 4.. That the inhabitants of this Islenti have nn
had the liberty and privilege of electing And sending
iely Knights and Burgesses or others, to represent
them in die High Court of Parliament, and exPlei:.
the condition of their country, and &tight not to see
bounden by la es, or toeched and grieved by lehst-
dies, f-es, or penalties, enacted, granted, and im-
reed, without their menu other than such ttiall:4l
rk::01,40011S, in respect of commerce, as are nectssary
for Ow common weal of the empire.
" .1 That the Inhabitants of this Island have al-
ways acknowledged the power and authority of Par.
Lament to make all laws necessary for the general
lament of the Empire, or affecting the whole sub-
ject: thereof, for regulating our external relations,
navigatian, trade, and commerce, and hive not been
disposed ceptiously to raise difficulties about the exact
limits between this constitutional jurisdiction and the
right of internal
" 6. That this Committee doe} further, with grief,
acknowledge that the British Pnaliainent has, in fact,
hut not of right, made divers lass s, by which the in.
habitants of this island are grieved and touched, by
being deprived of the bent& of cross-examining the
evidence exhibited by British Creditors in our Courts,
and by an extension of the powers of the Court of
Admiralty, unknown in the mother countty, and un-
necessary here; by which the inhabitants are deprived
of their property, without the intervention of a jury.
" 7. That it has been the received opinion that many
of these laws originated from causes which existptl in
the Colonies that formerly were subject to Cleat Bri-
tain in Ruth America; but it was hoped that laws
so subversive of constitutional principles would not
be further drawn into precedent, and especially that
it would never be proposed to offer greater violence
to the Constitutional rights of this Colony. whose loy-
alty and attachment to the mother country have ever
been unimpeachable.
" 8. That we have seen with surprise and concern
the draft of a Bill said to have been printed by order
of the Commons House of Parliament, entitled," A
Bill for effectually preventing the unlawful importa-
tion of Slaves. and the holding free persons in slavery,
in the British Colonies," which assumes a right of le-
gislation within the island upon a subject of mere mu.
nicipal regulation and internal police, exercises a
powei over the estates and property of the inhabi-
tants, imposes the most grievous penalties and tor-
feiteres, to be inflicted at the will of a single officer,
without trial by jury, and levies fees and greteitiesto
the use of the said officer and others, oiiii,:ltiets„i:elyilaLtiiiie.
tants, not given or consented to by their terr
tives in G`eneral Assembly ,• by will it 4,,
penalties, forfeitures, and assessments,
Bleu. lilo Trade
thle
by the British constitutional right of internal legislation is iris ingeJ,
but the pledge, in respect of taxation, given to the
Colonies by the Statute of ‘Gei
violeted. ' • • .0,
9. lawsilattliareiirnen
a fort.ath
abolishinglo the slave
is
iiiurl.i 111. c.
c. 2, is
Iptbozei
rwoetinisremoacr.rti t
inuolityo.eaoscefegnidhrtitekim:ia:lt,
spviintAitoothpdr.aganthtoionoHiraiceou:::
torsi
hdtellfin:p.otkedn.agttstee,
attempts
have ever been made this Island
attoioenv aocif
e ttitillet facts,
andtbat tateislitaiabehustab!intestaaititoiceitiltahse
bteissit
ciarircelleiadgoaibl
ur
this loaded and that all the hllertions made in the

preamble, or assumed by the enamour of the
Bill, as printed, of an illegal commerce in African or
other Slaves, having been carried on in Jamaica,-one
utterly unfounded."
The Coemittee on the Registry Bin Was anlarprd
by the addition of s;s Members, to proceed in the
vestigation, for which the House was pledged tome:
inte by the last resolution.
The House, after agreeing to the above Resolo•
tions, came also to a Resolution—directing the Corn.
mittee of Correspodence to transmit a copy of the
Report and Resolutions to the Agent, instreeting
him to lay them before his Majesty's Ministers
soon as possible, and by all constitutional 'ilea; 3
' in his power, to resist the passing of the Re4istry Liii
Forty-one passengers arrived in the La Pepa
Carthagena. By this vessel we are informed that the
siege of Carthagena is entirely raised, and vessel:
have free egress and ingress without molettatinn. •
13y the Midge we learn, that part of Morillo's et
peilition had arrived at Santa Martli., from 011 (;....
thagena, and in such a state that it is wit likel)
they will soon return to the blockade of :hat oh. e.
In fact, it appears that Mor;llies principal hope of
success depended on the treason of ; and
now that the latter has been t'.:.lected and placed is
confinement, he must have l.ttle hop:: 01 rechaci.-?
Carthagere, h s army being in such a deplitraLle
contfrior, whereas his opponent - are raining feu'
spirlts, are, since the ra:cing the blockade, fresh and
abandatt supplies.
By a rtss•,:igia. arrived on Tucs!ay firm Curac%.
in the Fortola:,.:s, we I: Alle reCeiVeti a citcurn,tite
tial detail of the actual situation of Veneeevla,
is eeriaiely nee thing thin being lavoerdile
cause of the M in Milliner of the Virgin Mary.*
Materin, Guyriz, and all the Savannas of Camara
and Barcelona, are in the entire possession of the ir-
dppendents, and it is presumed on good grounds, then
the island of Nlargatitta has likewise dinolved tte
unnatural connection.

In the of Veneznela, General Utdanits,
the !wad of an army, from New Grenada, has pot.
sensed himself of the provinces of Merida, Trutt'llo
and Basirvas, alter a most brilliant career, terminat-
ing ii a decisive action fought at Las Piedras, in wine
battle the Spanish General Calgatla was killed. z'r
spirit of diiconterit prevails in Cora, Maracaybo,
even Rio de la Hache.

Ati American vessel, with 1300 barrels of flower
left CiliAV.4 nine days ago for Carthagena.
Through the same channel we are made acquainter
with an insurrection in Quito, the natural result o
the battle knight in l'apayan, and success of the In
dependent 1t:w..;,,; yt riant, at Lama, whose capita.
was known W lie t'neattned, and must by this tint
havr fallen.

AJd to the above the news by the Diana, fron
New Orleaus7-we know it certainly relates to the ex-
pedition of the patriot General Alvarez •Je Toted;
why wai the peighbowllqod of Vent Cut
two thousand Am?, icans ariJ six thousand stand c!
:guts, and munition,: of war, estimated at 200,00'.
ti 5.

We have at length intelligence direct fromGener,
Atvya at Mexico. This brave Mexican, whose ran,
flaigl.4u4 cour tile were equally remarkable during U:,
intrastont after having experienced some cimtririety
latnded ;t last on the Mexic.,n soil, where he was n
ceived with the acclamations of the people, and h
ealumniat rs arrested by order of Government. Ti
Siapr...meCutigress of the Republic has entrusted hi:
with an important mission, and be will shortly rrpi
to the Mirth.
The:ipaniards lately landed in Mexico 2500 nr .
of the famous c xpedi;ian to the Spanish Maw. Ti:.
Government ul. Fernando wished to employ this r.a.
forcemeat to free the communication between
Oct) and other points. l'he insurgent General drrt
them into the interior, and killed .ix hundred in on.
action—a column of two hundred mer, with ex:
arms ind baggage, joined the Independent *ta-i.1.:7.:
the rest fell back on Xalapa, where they arrived, rt
duced almost to nothing.
General Attars has Sent us a copy of the M,,vcr.
Constitution, of which we will give an analysis in :I
future number.
Dr. Robinsln, who accompanied General AnaT'
to Mexico, and WAS 00 his ...Ay with non to anent;
the Mexican Congress, watts on the lath July, tram
iittatusco (Eve or sis 'capes front the city of Mexico,
•• We have just received the agreeable news that to,
Patriots have completely beaten a division or the
Royalists in the province of Puebla."
• An appellation bestowed ea lertbnand VII. in s LonL!
Parer. •

THE LATE DREADFUL STORM.
KtNosroN, OZTOSIEIt `26.—We are truly concern::
to state, that the account:: received during this acetl
from the different quarters of the country, of the et
tem of the storm, are distressing beyond aay tau t'
we could have conceived ; rivers which have beta I:
existence for ages past having been completely drive:
from their natural channels, and numeious bwldir
in their vicinity, of great magnitude, destroyed.—
From the Port Royal and St. David's Mount•ii"'
We learn that prodigious havock has been coalmine,
among the different coffee properties there. NJra.
!leis of valuable works and houses entirely destroye..
and others seriously damaged.
Among the plantations which have suffered severe.)
in the former parish, are PleasAnt-Hill, Clifton,
source, Robertstield, Green-Vale, Hope xell, C
Shade, flerwick, and several others; and in the 14
ter, Chesterfield, Mount.Tiviot, 8;0ak..1..0.4V
Mount• Sinai, River-Head, Sun-Vale, Rldnor, :V'
bey-Green, Somerset, Windsor-Forest, Eccleston,
others. We lament to state, too, that on some Ilc
perties many negroes have lost their lives, and
particularly regret to mention that Mr. Jobn
Collecting Constable of St. David's, with part et
family and negroes, and Mr.
'Cil(trnell
Pound-keeper of the same parish, were carried A
and drowned by the impetuosity or Yaltalis rb
the bodies of both these Gentlemen have been Iva',
and ititeir:d. Scarcely A tictroe.house in the abo%•
mountains, or in those of Andrew AEA St. Cat
flue, is let standing. The it me budge. MOlll4 a:
the Botanic
Garda t, is destroyed...llli not .1 ve't':
of it to be seen. Equaliya:e'aui.+tolyacconats AA"
beef' received Iwo' the prisiles or St. Cuomo 41'1'
East, PortLicid. ot• George, Aged St. MiAry• It gm..
us Pieibuie, lios•eve,r, to add, Mat
parishes Iron
St. Aon's downy/Ards. And those
leeWgrdp have not sidfered in the same
gree as these wt have mentioned.
