- .

onductinn of English pods on the Continent, have at
last aliged the speculators to empty their magazines.
—Heligoland has reverted to its primitive insignifi-
cance : and to save themselves from dying of hunger,
theinhabitants have been forced to resume their old
occupation of fishermen. There were found upon these
1-leligolanders some copies of an English Journal,
hich they were probably employed to introduce upon
the Continent, by some means or other. That Jour-
nal, in its own name, or that of the Ministers whose
servile organ it is, invites Dutch and German ti.du.r-
men to emigrate, in order to establish themselves in
England, where, it says, a number of such emigrants
have already arrived, and have been successful in
exercising their peaceful industry. Such a contemp-
tible maneeuvre for seducing the inhabitants of the
- coasts of the Continent proves the difficulty which the
English Admiralty feel in equipping their numerous
fleets, the maintenance of which is necessary to their
system of maritime tyranny. The population of
England is insufficient for the supply of armaments
so vast. Hence arose the necessity for her violating
the 'neutrality of the Americans, and carrying off the
seamen of that independent nation, as if they were
vile slaves.
At present, America, sensible to the voice of ho-
nour, is no longer disposed to tolerate so crying an
abuse. Next, the most high' Admiralty attempts to dims
''
to, the the
men '

press
of a

which,

ret
f►as proved, that far many months past, rio fisherman,
no inhabitant of the coast from the Texel to the Elbe,
has been so infatuated as to exchange a tranquil live-
lihood in his own country, for the harsh slavery in
which the English seamen live. It is possible that
s.me English crimps have gone off, to avoid the yen-
geanee of the law. These are doubtless the fishermen
whom the English journal pretends to have seen ar-
tire in England. Certainly, fishermen of such a sort
are in the right to fly from a coast, where death awaits
them, as the only fruit of their disgraceful industry.

SPANISH COLONIES.

~-

~`Pqn tV.,Eli4gti-.0411.

.

LONDON.
'THURSDAY, OCTOBER
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
A per CL Cans. for money 5941—Ditto for account 6341
9 per Ct. Reduced shut—Navy 5 per Cent. 95}
4 per Cent. shut—Booda 15e. 16e.pre.--Cinnium
Exch. Bills (ed.) Is. ss. diq.--Ditto (31d.) is. to 41. prem.
By a Heligoland Mail which arrived this morning
we ltatn, that &MAIM rurE's tour on the Coast will pro-
bably extend further Northward than was at first ex-
pected ; and that Hamburgh or Altona will be the
scene of an important Conference with some of the
Northern Powers :
I-lEL.IGOLAND, SEPTEMBER tft.
We have had latterly occasional arrivals from the
coast, but which, from the difficulty of learning what
is going on in the interior, bring nothing satisfactory.
—All accounts agree in stating, that the public mind
is much averse to the conscription. Davoust arrived
at Cuxhaven, from Hamburgb, a few days ago, and
ordered the greater part of the garrison stationed
there to Hamburgh, to suppress the murmurs which
Ithe enforcing that law had excited in that city.

- •

ts.anxious to have placed more immediately under
,his controul. To this report, however, though
brought from several quarters, we do not attach credit.

The following letter, from the French coast, was
received in town this morning :
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM DUNKIRK, DATED THE
27TH ULT.
" On Monday night last, lit ten o'clock, his Ma-
jesty the Emperor and Kits passed through this
town, on his way to Flushing."
We have received Moniteer: and other Paris Papers
to the 26th ult. They announce the departure of Bo-
NAPARTZ for the coast, and, with no less formality,
the removal of the King of Rome, from Compiegne to
St. Cloud. Of the circumstances attending the ar-

rival of BONAPARTE on the coast, namely, the brilliant
-
mancouvres which he caused his flotilla to perform on
the 20th and 21st ult. our Readers were informed a
day or two after they took place ; but the Readers
of the Moniteur were totally ignorant of them so late
as the 25th ; for to that date ROC a single sentence
upon the subject had been published in France. The
Scheldt and Tezel fleets have also been performing
some evolutions. The Texel fleet, consisting of five
sail of the line, is under the command of Admiral de
WINTER, who is on board it. Thescheldt fleet con-
sists of 21 sail of the line, under Admiral MISSIESSY.
From Boulogne BONAPARTE was to proceed to Hol-
land, and after having visited that country and in-
spected the preparations at Antwerp, Le was expected
to proceed with his EMPRESS to Brussels. An article
from Dresden, speaking of the commercial system of
Russia, admits that the inconveniences of it are too
much felt not to make it believed that it will bechanged.
—From the Peninsula there is no news in the French
Papers. The execution done by the Polish Lancers
in the battle of Albuera, has induced BONAPARTE to
order the formation of twelve additional regiments of
them. We find, by an article from Constantinople,
that there has been another dreadful fire, which has
reduced a considerable part of that city to ashes.
As usual, the French Papers contain various attacks
upon this country, in the shape of notes or observa-
tions upon articles of intelligence copied from the
1 English Newspapers.

By the Leeward Island Mail, which arrived yester-
day, we have letters from Curasoa of various dam ;
the most recent of the 15th of August, which bring
the intelligence from the Caraccas down to a much
later date than that just detailed from the Boston pa-
pers. We shall subjoin extracts from letters we have

~•
_, ,

---
.
, .
- • .
. . . tilt itltskl. ' . •1/4'
. .
" WiNtiSOR•CASTLItt odroisii
i. His MAJESTY Continues in the same StAtA.
(Signed) . .. .
" 11. timsour. M. imitir. R. lititts."
The k1:40 occasionally takes the exercise of walk-
ing in his rooms, and the long passage attached to
them, ittended by the Doctors, but he is not well
enough to do this daily.

i

WIIIN•INWIMMEIlml•

Yesterday, about half Isast one o'clock, the Marquis
Wraxxst.av and Lord W. Bewrixca had audiences of
the PRLNCI REGENT at York House, after which they
went to the Foreign Office, in Downing-street, where
a Council was held, which was attended. by the LORD
CHANCELLOR, Marquis WELLESLEY, Earls CAMDEN,
WESTMORLAND, HARSOViBY, and LivearooL, Lord
MCILGRAVEt Messrs. PEKCEVAL and YORRE. Lord W.
BENTINCK attended at the Foreign Office during the
deliberations of the Council. The Council assembled
at three o'clock, and did not break up till near six.
Tuesday the Cabinet Ministers dined with Mr.
RYDER, at his house, •in Great George-street, West-
minster.—Earl CAMDEN being just come to town, had
not a carriage of his own that he could conveniently
go in, but went in a-hackney coach. His Lordship
did not allow the coachman to set him down at Mr.
of the coach at the end of
official papers in it. On the
•, loss, no means could be
as he did not know the
Directors was held at the
;aptain M'DuoALl., of the
ship Tigris, took leave of the Court, previous to his
departure tor St. Helena and Bengal; and the un-
dermentioned Captains were sworn into the command
of their respective ships, viz : JoHN Boyce, of the
Coutts ; MATTHEW RICHLi, of the Thames
BARNARD, of the Wexford ; and JONATHAN BINCH, of
a new ship, building by Messrs. Davies and Card.
Orders arrived at Plymouth, on Monday, to get
ready the SAN Josar, for the Flag of Admiral Sir
CHARLES COTTON, who is expected there hourly, to
hoist his flag as Commander-in-Chief of the Channel
Fleet—Lodgings are taken there for his accommoda-
tion, till a proper house can be got ready.—A vessel
is ordered to Portsmouth to bring round his baggage.
—Sir RICHARD Ktso is to be Captain of the Chan-
nel Fleet.
The ship of 74 guns, found on the stocks at the
surrender of Flushing, and brought from thence, is
now nearly completed, and will be launched from the
Dock-yard at Woolwich about the middle of this
month. She is to be called the Citucritast.
Mr. HARRIS, of Covent Garden Theatre, and fa-
mily, are among the last fashionable arrival:: at
Eastbourn.

A !ew days since Mrs. TfERNEY, and several Ladies
of Tunbridge Wells, gave an entertainment to the
soldiers' wives and children of the 42d Highland Re
giment, on their way to Lewes to join that corps.
The salaries of the established, extra, and supernn.
merary Clerks, employed in the Navy and Victualing
Qfljces, are to be increased; and for the future to be
regulated according to the term of years each indivi-
dual may have been employed in those departments.
The quartern loaf in Dublin, for the present week,
is "'lnca, at the present rate of exchange, 31,
is about lld. English—Flour 70s. per sack.
Quartern Loaf, London - . - is. sd.
, Edinburgh - - 1 t*
, Dublin - - O I I

. 1
NEWMARKET FIRST OCTOBER MEETING, 1811.
VILDNILIDAY, OCTelltit 2.
Fifty Guineas, free for any horse, dm 4-yr-olds, carrying 7st. 41b. 1
sir olds, Bst. 51b. 6-yr-olds, Bst. 111 b. and aged, 9st. B. C.
Mr. Vansittart's ch. h. Burleis!), 6 yrs old 1
Sir F. Evelyn's b. c. Cassander, 4 yrs old - - I
Lord G. H. Cavendish's eh. b. Mlddlethorpe, .1 yrs old dr
Lord Hischinbrooke's ch. e. Juvenal, 4 yrs old - dr
Gen. Cower's b. f. Donna Clara, 4 yrs old - dr
Duke of Grafton. b. h. Pepe, 5 yrs old - - dr
5 to I one on Burleigh.
Lord G. Cavendish's Eccleston, 7st. nib. beat Mr. Andrew's
Morel, est. 51b. Ab. M. 200 gs. h. ft.—.s to 4on Eecleston.
One third of a Subscription of 25gs. each, for S-yr-old colts,
1 Bst. 91b. and fillies, sit. 61b. D. I. Bona fide the property of

Sub4cribers. -
Sir F. Bunbury's br. C. Rival
Duke of Grafton's br. c. Nimrod
Mr. Lake's b. c. by Sorcerer, out of a sister to Oatlands
Lord Grosvenor's b. f. Barrosa
Mr. Wl'.sen's b. c. by Sir Solomon, out of Totterella
Lord G. H. Cavendish% br. c. Merrygoround •
Sto 1 art Rival-5 to 2 agst Nimrod-6 to 1 agst Mr.
Lak,u's c—Sto 1 ag4t liirrossa.
Mr. Shakespear's Chester, Bst. 71b rec. 25gs. from Majir Wil-
son's Erebus, I.st. Two-yr-oli C. .50%.

_ ~ _ J .

• 'I'IIE A itiitit4
A Telegraphic Communication announeea fettefa
day the arrival of 19 ships from C,Jlk, with Irish M.
litia Regiments on board. As it was known that
these vessels were out during the whole of the lAssi
violent gales, the most serious apprehensions *ere
entertained respecting them ; and it is with infinite'
satisfaction, therefore, we ire thus enabled to snnounci
the arrival in s.tfety of such truly val.l hi c irgoes.
usa,,(Acr 0, A LE:711.11 tang .s
" Fuente de Guinal./..., Sioctiatier 11.
" We have laid at Gainaldo above a onin"., re./ snug, ant
there is no invnediate prospect of marching, diuttsh there II
often talk to that area. The battering train loos lett Lamy,,
and we are nearly in complete rcatinesi ; taut I ?tally du nor time
it is decided whether Ciudad lisilrigo shall he bealet.ll Or no. ;
I am very much inclined la think it Will GO: be this %sinter :
any rate, it almost entirel, depends on the movements of tha
enemy, and consequently no oue can know for certain, though
a great many pretend to it. This part of the nanny is lasi
fag-end of the kingdom of L-on, but the people are intellizent
and open; the cauntry is fruitful in corn, and front the neighbour-
ing Siena de Gata we got plenty of grapes, figs, melons, in.--
The banks of the Agueda are highly romantic, and we rile
that direction before breakfast and after dinner, every Jay. The
weather has b• en more than usually sultry, according .0 the stat♦
ments of the peasantry, and we have nut had an hour** rain since
May. The army has many sick, but not just bete; the sth Foot
is the only regiment here that has not one sick. Stverol Spaniards
who had been forced into the French acrrica escaped ?em Ma-
dtid, fifteen clayd ago, and arrived here Ohs awsralnit Ott Ezt
there are only two thouiand French barmicts In Madrld,-,
Several English have also escaped lately ; and it is very remarka-
ble, that the Spanish peasantry always know an Englishman front
a German, Pole, or Italian, which throb last they always murder
as French. An English Soldier passed through the country with
a papet, merely saying " this is an Englishman," Signed by a
well known character in Spain ; and he received every assistanet
(being wounded), and arrived safely at the Bridals army. On
the other band, a Frenchman, actually fu the ipanlsit servlce,sent
to head-quarters the ceh.er •lay, atm.:RA himself to an e.cort con-
veying prisoners, from fear of the peasantry, who would have
Murdered him, uotaitbatand!rg his uniform."

---
NifPWL I'ELLIGENCE.

FALMOUTH, SEPTEMBER se.

he British shores, the Dutch and German fisher-
n to subject them forthwith to that frightful im-
ss of seamen which is the disgrace of Englaud and
t civilized age. But these perfidious. ions,
rch, perhaps, have beet:, ried nw fois set,. of,
northern east of the 111.4kte, ,avo. 'exerr4ohere
t with contempt. An exact and official inquiry

"I""""‘"'6
"."' 'a.'
..n.....'..'..
...
'''-'
--I. . I RYDER'S door, but got out d
Reports state, that Bonaparte was expected in , .
Hamburgh on the 25th inst. to have an interview ,
, King-street, and left his offici
Noble Earl discovering his
with the Kilig Ilsrava44 xlll-niviect 4 which was '„,iii?e.4 IT • recovering them,
supposed to be poivonelkiftt tk4litit fo the.ke,tis,T nUOlretti .16tIst„..06ach.
iu the Baltic and Holstein, which it is said Bonaparte Yesterday a Court of Dii
ic •anyinus to have placed more immediately under I East India House, when Cal
