SICILIAN PAPER.

'The extraordinary proceedings in Sicily, to *hie'
the. British Minister • and Commander-in-Chief Lord
William Bentinck was auxiliary, has led to the.fol►
lowitig explanation in. The Registro Politico, dated 15th
of Is)vember, from Palcimo : .

• DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT.
This event has already been announced in all the
publie.prints of this Island, and we therefore forbear
repeating - the ciccumstances or transcribing the
Speech made on the occasion in the name of his
Royal Highness the Prince Vicar,. by his Excellency
the Prince Della Catholica, Royal Commissary,
which bas been so generally the subject of conversa-
tion, but we conceive it. to, be our duty to offer some
reflections, not to discourage, but on the contrary; to,
give satisfaction to the public mind. •
'Chose who are not sufficiently acquainted with the
human heart to
,know the tardiness and difficulty of
its progress towards perfection, have been both asto-
nished and alarmed at the disorderly proceedings
which have hastened the dissolution of the Parlia-
ment of the present year. Murmurs have been heard
predicting the dissolution of the Government, on the
ground of the impossibility of conferring a free cop,.
stitution on a nation which it not prepared to receive
it, and which is incapable of enjoying it with discre-
tion"; and it is further said, that there it nothing to
be expected Rom such a system but the disunion cof
the elements of the State, and the introduction of a
new Ministerial despotism more injurious and. tyran-
nical than the worst they had to apprehend from .the
ancient institution.
• SuCh are the arguments which are employed, but
the •eieof wisdom discovers in .the midst of these.po-,
liticarsOphisms nothing mote in what has occurred
than the natural and necessary consevence of morsd
imprOvesitent. rinstead•of having ins-tears awakenpf.,
46 man ix, rather appears- susprialik
that the change, in Sicily should hive been effected:
with so little difficulty, and that her regenetatio
should have been accomplished in so Short aperiei
and with so little disturbance. • • •
Whoever is acquainted with history, cannot be.ig-
nerant that not only the release from tyrannical
chains, but even the variations, of, a trifling natnreii
in the scheme of government, base often deluged
whole countries with blood, and involved them in all.
the miseries of civil contention. The Sicilians;how.
ever, fortunately assisted by powerful allies, and. ge..
netously supported by. the dynasty which rules over
them,- have become free at one leap from the vor-
tex of deipotismeand have- obtained, as the basis
Of Asir:future happiness, a constitution furnished.by
sindie nation, 4nd which to that nation has cost a
uflabotir, vigilance, discretion, 'and courage.
Who then would have flattered himself, that a
transition so rapid, so unexpected, and so ea
nary. could have been. made from a CovnritsttiM
solute in the esevcise, if not in the right; and thatibi
hearts and minds of Sicilians could have been awaJ
keoed from the long dream of slavery with Such.*
gentle contussion 'rise two great co-operative
springs of human action (each of-which is .tepreseni.
NI as superior to the other by the illustrious .phileso,
-1 of the eighteenth cantuay, Helvetius and Mon.

~.

\

• 7c

„

- • fr• • • .4 • •:.,10• 4. ,••• :•
. %v.
fesqUtei), Education aoe et**. iteeisertiy. orate
upon the tetuibility of this people Their disposi-
tions, naturally filled with conabestiblegletneots; tike
dpetaegust.monument'of•nature on tbeitisland, and
Vtat irritability iiicreased .17 the influence of climate,
'they become inebriated with the_ first 'draughts of
freedom, daXxled with the first ray* of -the snit of
liberty, and, ivith the Itolioorable exception of 'view
individuals, they are led ••• awarby their enthusiasm,
and are anxious to extend the limit of power beyond,
the-trust reposed in them, and without calculating
the tialince of that power which mast ever lit pre-
spited.' •
Notwithstanding these *circumstances,' resulting
fro= a constitution bestowed upon us rather by' A'
sudden chance than by sober reflection and PFotgroir'
sive exertion, the great body of the nation have found
this Government established in their hearts, and have
fought under the banners of the new- constitution-
with animation arid gratitude : thanks to the wise
Prince who governs us—thanks to the prudence of
that person. who.represents our powerful Ally-fand
thanks to the discreet-Minister vtho occuPies-hhnself
with so much diligence for the welfare of the island.
not the dissolution of the Parliathent taken
'place a counterrevolution was-to be appsehended, but
by that seasonable measure :every.fear is- dissipated,
and every hope encouraged.
If there are any who dis.ipproie'of the speech of his
Royal' the- Prince Vicar, pronoUnced 'on
that occismit,'Ave -beg. of‘them :w consider whether in.
presumption afid arrogance' ibis disapprobation doesr
not originate ; but.this speech is rather addressed to
anise "who haie unwillingly been led aside to the right
path,' than to 'those who have abandoned it
berately bird wittingly from the influence -of pride
and passion, and to the former a history is givenof
the disturbances which have arisen, aniL it is laid fte:.
fore Parliament to. shew how far they have been ac-
cidentally occasioned, in order that they may be
avoided in future. His Highness has prudently de-
termined, in consequence of these disorders, to afford
the necessary time for the. people
.to reflect that they
finances must be distinctly regulated; that among
the first duties of a Legislative 'Body ihould cow.
sfdered the laws and their administration, -Aoit that 'hit
politics andin mechanics it may not.be always an uae
pardonable error to. begin .at the ton instead of the
base in the construction of the machirie. This short
time will likewise enable the Methbers of pa-aim-T .
to reflect, that the,politiCat power they arrogate
yond the limits of legislation, distort)* the jyst eqdfo
poise of the State; that despotism is equally detest.
able whether in the hands of many, or of one only;
and that the at Hu: ultra of the happiness of a nation,
coraists its maintaining 'the equilibriun of the' exectt-.
tive, legislative, and judicisl powers. - •
What satisfaction must it impart to all good Sici-
lians. to observe, that .4 wise, generous, and legal
Prince,. thus,.in his speech, renews the assurances of
iiis determination to maintain uninjured the Consti-.
tution which he has so liberally conferred upon us.
Never tin be forgotten the Address of this virtuous
Prince, on the opening of the Parliament of the yeas,
181'2 : never will it be erased from the mentor?' of Si-
cilians, that he.proposed to them. a CAristitution on
the model of that of Great Biitain, whieli the pros-
perity oftheir kingdoms his 'proved to be the best
social institution is capable of adopting, . That
COnstitution was reconinset4ol.hy . the' PI ince
the firm conviction of his Mind of its excellence, and
from his solicitude to see the dative: of this connett
tree and happy, froml.the•aexiesy he felt that they
should rank with-the, other .Aatiqnsfof. Europe, nth
should hecinue.eveti supendr to those nations in Pie,
portion to the free cliailteiet of their Government.
Dismiss alt. doubt and' aisprehensions, and be as;
sured that those who have given birth to this COo-
stitution, will not stifle -it irr its infancy. ,W. look
with confidence tq. our. Prince, with•hopelrithote
tent and faithful Allies who have co-npetated for our
regeneration, and with gratitude to the Council under
whose •auspices the political reforms are conducted.'
We trust that these considerations, solemnly examitss-
ed, will tranquilize the minds of the Sicilians who 2s
sembled in the New Parliament, or represented by,
honourable persons influenced by no party, will .direct
their vigilant attention to those objects which are
dispensible to the happiness of the Country.

The following are the lets which have been pub-
lished at Berne, relative to the changes which have
taken place in.the Government of SwitzerLinfil.
We, the Avoyer, the Little and Crest Council of the Canton of
Berne, make known,
Considering that the Allied Powers have not ste..
knowledged the neutrality of Switzerland, but. that
their troops have entered the territory of the canton
'With a great Superiority of force—that the Allied So-
:vereigns have formally declared to his. Excellency the
Land-anima of Switzerland, that the.A4t, of, Media.
tlon, and its consequences, were incompatible with
Their grand object, which was, the deliverance of the
people, and the liberty of the Swiss nation—consider-
ing, in fine, that by it the ancient canton of Berne,
and its legitimate Government, overturned solely by
a foreign 'Power, re•enter iota all their ancient rights:s
We have resolved and ordered—
,* 1.• The Aofet Mediation of tile year 1809.0 b
its concerns the canton of Bettie, is suppressed`',' '
/I. We, the' Great council, Chem% in vittui of
this Act, and lonning the first actual Magistracy of
the Canton of-Berne, abdicate, by theseprose our
authority, and resign it into the lands ibeAvoyer.
fie Council and Burgesses of the City and Republic
of Berne, as being the legitimate Sovereigns of the'
iittntry, who, before the period the overdirona of
our State, governed for centuries,. wit :inn:itch suc-
cess as glory. the Free State of Berne. Inconsequence,
all the Authorities of.the city and country are re-
lented from the oath Whiehthey have taken, and sum-
moned to risible inintedlinly wilh the ancient Go.
,vernment, • !chick= re-enters' into Activity, vtz.' 'the
Avoyer, the Councils and Burgeon of the City. and.
Republic of Berne, the relations which united them to
.us, and 'which are now tliesoividkend* to trader to
theml as so, their future Sovereigns, the confidence
%which they bad placed in us. On quitting OUT (unc-
lips, we fled in our conscience the consoling testi-
._ • that, in difficult timas.tad uoder uthrograble
cr.*, we have fulfilled,' with the 'greatest
Sit lity, oar. duties to out country.. ?tiny Pito v.totNct,.
.which has hitherto siievidently protected us,•continne
to tupport to.our dear country, ant its benedk.
•tiott to a Carmine& "Which th 4" • its fniutioni
in citctunstanCM.so •.• • .-
GivM to mu Great Assembly el the Coundi, 119.

• •;.. • .t• • ti !." • •! ‘.
"11171KFORr.PAPER5. • •

. DAIithISTAHT, JANUARY 4. •
The following has been published here-: • .
44 According to the dechtred. will of the high A Iried -:
Powers, and the corrrentiontonchidedwith them, his P
Serene Highness the Grand. Duke. our-gracinass.So; •
vereign,-nt-to remain in possession• and preserve-the -
rights of sovereignty over his acinal.Statesewithout .
.being troubled in any manner whatsoever in them:
In consequence the subjects or inhabitants of the
crand liuchy wit*, blinded by the prestuoption of a
t hange in the relations or Government, endeavour,
in any manlier whatever, •to withdraw from their
duties, and the established order, as has happened in
some places, though few in number; must expect to
be considered as disturbers of the public peace, and
punished with all the rigours of the law.!' , .
ZUpcii;DECEMBER '24. '' " •
• Tile Grand Poke eunstsmtine is expeCiediere. A
great part of ifte)3epulies to the gstraordinsiyttfei,
which isatoout to asserfible in this eity:hive already
larrival; Cestetal de Witteville hie transferred his.
akoirteittOlt. tlibain. ''liiibattalloti of Alai:-
tie, Which hair band knelt' set•-on foat;* will -be dis..
missed within rig? Anivi tao icier have been *yid*/
tlisbn#AW: *. : ' ' - • • • • •
His Excellency 14:13e Talk/rand. the _ ]t=each ldirdA
nicer,"who set sal from h
ko to Berne, has been arrested by the Apsftinti tioopi
r.Suhr..near,dirtiu, and burled to Ainitif We 'tie'
silted' that heliatsince beep *Merl tO,Bettle.,
i rs:
The Government of Serge 101-dit YO-4-
the
23d. The. Greatcountilhas; : ' 4a.nnibpriti
to—the—roriieitirdentt; ivlisch ei in • iliell.: The!
Act of Mediation bailie= dec red.,.._ annulle4 with
respect to what dancer* Une,,an4l Ihtiltsolirtes;
and the subaltern Officers: released fronr their oath.
Os the same day the Great .'end LittleCooncil of the
City ancritfpublic, of. Bane. cawed to,toe.,publis)asyi
that the ancient Constitutioniiis se:established in all
its. parts, andlave ordered the Cantons, og„)/aud and
Argovia. to hive op to the Officers coppissiontdby
Berne the chests, arsenals, and =pauses.
- Weire assured tharthe head-quarters of his iiigh.
ness tht.Princeof Sofa wattzenberg will arrive*: Berne:
itra few days. .
It pppears,that, in. the conferences,which his High*
tress the Prince Primate had, during tiis sptz at .Pt:
tern, With the Pope's-Nuncio, the 4 iftctilties relative
to the affairs of 6e/3i:hook-of Constaticettiore been
removed in a ea Wsfactory. manner.

• ....

V

•;--

R ..FR9 271,11 SPAVISir...4IIf :
713 THE KING OF PRU54114.`...
.Thefallowing is the translation OA Ictten.grritteo:
by the Spanish. tvlinisier to the Cou_rt.n(
his road from this costar to the Hrad-4Otiteh of
the : • • • " ' • -
" Ober Elevator? Sisesithe state•of this comes
try appears to me desenring the notice a the Regency.
The spirit of h/alty ,to their native. Ysincas. and..of
national independence- has 4lisplikigit.itwit
;with the
greatest vigour all over Germ in t. fa /Idea. the
have received their former -LaridgriiiirleSith the mast
pansiotic enthusiasm. But in no prbvissar of this vast
empire has this noble sentiment manifesualitseif with
more vehemence, and with symptornsoaortarralnnous,
to our glorious Spain, than itt, the' Pyussiala-domintont.
the mind is electrified at 'Observing the 'ardour -Witft
which the peopled:era' evinte their satiood
hitherto suffocated- by Ale • • Ousenspircisf a
violent .policy, and, overawed IsiAbe,imasediate
of the French legions.
King aellr;ettd
go The Sister of the ttp
lets t6 the treasury foelhe support of ilk *sr, and
instantly all hassles, sacrificing what is do •Searto
them, gave up with enthusiasm their jewels, and eriett
`the Tral trifling orpaming, for the same *Wahl,
purpose. All the females. I repeat it, did so; it is nq,
• .zaggeratioa,'nor di; I think that anyindivideid cart
be excepted but among that indigent class who and
.not Werth a single article et gold: All the weddin4
'rings were offered upots the•alsess 9f the country
'and in exchange for them the Cove:tune* distributed
iiron rings with this inscriptkin, “ I exchanged gold
lot iron.' This ring, precious as it is by iris moral
,value, may be also considered as a curiosity, by its
being made of wrought iron, highly finished: • • •
• 44 If any lady indulges herself' with a trinket, it is
made of iron, the elegance of the workmanship sup-
plying the value of the metal. Such patriotic rings
are not to be purchased at the manufactory, they be-
ing exclusively a token of the possessor having deli-
vered,.at the office for patriotic gifts, some gold or.
'silver trinket, &c. .The one which I inclose to your
Excellency was presented me by a lady. wbo pos-
sessed two ; for all my efforts to buy one at the ma-
nufactory were fruitless. By Means such as the-se
enthusiasm is nouriehed'and fomented.. In other re--
spects, the citypresents a most pathetic and manly
spectacle. Its streets are entirely filled with *roots.:.
ded of all classes; nothing. is seen but,crutches, arm
s.in slings, heads tits up--nothing but *mien, old
men, and children! ' '
“ By tle•way of contrast, you see in every square
whole battalions. of recruits going through the ma-
fusel emereise ;, and platoons of. horse, pnictising the
broadsword and the use of, the pike, or le'arning to
tide, end going through various evolutions: while
you behold crossing, in every direction, hundreds of
carts laden with clothing, C011111)05 of prisooet's• and
Convoys of provisions and military stores. T.bepub.
Tic walksand plates are, indeed, divested of. that bril-
Bent display of youth and beautyi which, id other
Countries, gladdens the eye and begpeaks It Court
Out the' grandeur of that of Berlin. is, in" the present
moment, to be sought on .the field of:honour. .-
country,noor.in its natural state, .and cpveyed, -
ip its greatest extent, with sand and fir trees, now
presents to the enemy a force of two hundred thou-
sand"well-disciplined 'and exPeiienced troops, that
constitute one of the strongest lioks'ild the Allied A r-
.ray. For this purpose, besides that in the adminis-
tration of finance, the greatest order and econons
both of thqm indigenous in this country, are..obt.tritde
Oldie ' spirit, of itself so well disposed, has been'
wrought upon to form a levy-en-masse,Calted Land-
stilt-m.lmm among which those between the age's if
.16 and 40 are chosen, who, when regimented, com- '
pose the class of conscripts or militia. termed Land-
vrehr, whence are taken the recruits of the line in every
class of arms. In the towns, therefore, one meet! •
not one young man,' unless he be crippled, and no
tote servants bet•old osier.
s• 1 be land:term serve also for escorting transports

•

rrwisiotts rrul Li the duty. tisi
lice in every lown. Even in the military;
roty is not performed by troepi et the line, hut by:
the militia, whiCh afe also 'ftettstatidy etercising.—;
tawyels, merchants, matt et including
et' n here and there a counsellor of state, haft taken
sans ; and the present was absurhs all the faculties,
of the Government, aid of the shbjects., 'rho tin*
is the first soldier of hiutrmy. Tht dignified gobd.•
secs heaniinz from. his Countenance, the limplicitt
bit dress, his unassurning.behaviour, his retinue,..
gonnmy, and the lively interest he takes in his sub:.
jests, render him the worthy object of the idOtation
and enthusiasm of the Prussians, who have never
peared teater than at this moment.
ap • •
In fine, the traveller finds; in the loyeltt, skiimoa
ivy, and figure of this Court, jUst.rootives of
on and praise ; • while the patriot lees, with ezulta.
retion, alised' to a degree difficult to be conceited,
the most ardent wishes of Ms heart.
As to myself, being atttatted. by V2TlOlit paits
of similarity which I observed between' he moral VIA.
dition of these people and the heioic efforts of ptir:
runtrynlen, I could not refrain from giving. Tout'
ttcelleney. some idea . of it. thinking Hiatt, . perhaps,.
yol might 'deem it worthy of his Majesty's notice;
fed What you woutd hot Waite hie fur haVirlit di-
sanded to trifle's. maturely eoasadiird, arena
such, but an essential pen of .the whole and being
persuaded, that in the moral world one sentitrienr
&wishes anotheri ancithit repetVion, Which in other
Wei is irksothe, in thiLeaseserrei as a fresh stibttilus,'
God preserve. A.:, w.,lkt* radii:me'.
ft !WON Nov. t!, 141111. •
" To Ms Etevlleney Das -

THE EVE:Md STAR.
