POLITICAL HORIZON OP THE EAST.

If the question whether winter would restore peace
to the East, were to be decided by the mutual interests
of the belligerents, we should have peace, for both need
repose. The Turks are brave, and have just proved that
they have not degenerated. They are yet susceptible
of that religious enthusiasm which works miracles. The
nature of the soil and the climate, and the firm charac-
ter of nahmoud, have been of great service to them,
and leave no hope of forcing him to make concessions.
The resistance of the Musselmans has been glorious in
the late campaign; it will be obstinate should the war
be renewed. Turkey, however, could not long sus-
tain the contest. The elements of her military power
are yet rude, and require to be fashioned. Her reguH
la( arch y is sprung from the midst of convulsions which
deluged the capital with blood, and of which the con-
sequences may yet be felt. Despotism governs Russia
as well as Turkey, but in the former it is more tempered
by a further advanced civilization than in the latter.
TheCtars hue long established a regular military force,
and a system which brings it nearer to order and regu•
Laity. Its finances are in a bad state. The population of
Russia is about 44,000,000 and yet its provinces are de-
populated, and there is a want of homogenity in its
languages, manners, and customs. Its force must not
be measured by the nomber of its inhabit Ants. Its army
of 800,000 is now reduced, and justly, to the half of
that number. Russia, in her present state, does not need
conquests, Lot a good domestic administration—the
abolition of slavery, the diffusion of education, and ink-
ptovements in agriculture and other arts. Its coop
plaints against the Porte are mere pretexts for making
war. Tne deliverance of Greece Is now accomplished,
And for Russia to prosecute the war would be to betray
her secret ambition. A second campaign would dissi-
pate ail the prejudices which yet remain in favour of
her so)deration and magnanimity, and would show that
lie Emperor Nicholas is proceeding straight for ward t
attain the completion of the gigantic plans of Peter the
Great and Catherine. Austria does not like the war on
her swollen., and likes the Turks f,r neighbours. Tb.
Cow t Vienna, which loves repose, sleeps in peace by
she .ids of l'achalics. England is not pleased with
the preten,ions of Ru.sia, and with her own idleness;
,and, it provoked, may rrevent, by force of arms, the
capture of Cor.stantinople. Fi Niue will only interpose
Ito procute peace—her policy is conciliatory. It is not
aippo,ed that Prussia u ishes to tee Russia aggrandised.
On every side we think that prudence and reason ad-
