AUSTRIAN FUNDS.

VILVNA, A.rau. I.—Metalliques 96. Bk. Sh. 1039. 2-5.

I'IZ ICE orsTecKs AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 2451/4 %
3 per tent. Reduced 953/8 3/4 es. div.
3 per Cent. Consols 9634
1/8-3% per Cts. 1021/4 1/4
4 per Cents. Old 1003/8-4 per Cents. New 106% 1/4
4 per Cents Assented 1021/4 14
India Stock 3001%—India Bonds 80s. 815.785.
South Sea Stock 108% id 4 3/4
Excliequei 1;i11. (£1,0c)0) 465. 48s. 45s 465.
Do. Small 465. 481.455. 465.
Consols for Acct. 06% %.

The late hour at which the Trial of Mr. Sutra the
Missionary was delivered yesterday, prevented oar doing
more than barely allude to it. In another part of our

Paper, to-day, we have given the commencement of the
proceedings, the charges, the address of the JUDGE-
ADVOCATE, and the verdict of the Court Martial. The
evidence is rather of a general than a particular nature;
and it will be seen horn the opening speech of the
JUDGE-ADVOCATE, that Mr. SMITH was charged with
having interfered with the complaints of the negroes
from his first arrival in the Colony ; and that " his
opinion of the onpression under which they labour,
brought him to that point, that he considered it neces-
sary to expound to them such parts of the Gospel en-
tirely relative to the oppressed state in which he con-
sidered them to be." In a colony ss here the slave po-
pulation is ten times that of the white, any attempt to
pervert the Scriptures in a way to render the former
discontented, or to select passages which might have
that tendency, would be highly culpable. The office
of a Missionary is, however, one of great delicacy : he is
AM object of suspicion to the masters, andof almost adora-
tion with the slaves, who would readily catch at any ex-
pression, whether in Scripture or from the preacher,
that might increase the hope of total emancipation. ,
The first evidence for the pro-ecution is Mr. S.MITII'S
own Journal, commencing in March, 1817: as the pas-
sages were culled by the prosecutor, it is fair to sup-
pose that he selected such as he thought would support
the charges. These extracts principally relate to the
conduct of the slaves—their earnestness for religious in-
struction—their domestic quarrels—and complaints of
ill-treatment. To the latter Mr. SMPTH appears to have
been very sensitive; and in one memorandum he allades
to what may probably be the result. Under date of
March 22d, 1819, he observes, not to any person in the
Colony or in England, but in his own Journal—

" While writing this, my very heart Butters at hearing the almost
incessant cracking of the whip. Having just finished reading Mr.
Walker's Letters on the West Indies, I have thought much of the
treatment of the negroes, and likewise the state of their minds. It
appears to me Very probable, that ere long they will resent the in•
juries done to them. I should think it my duty to state my opinion
respecting this to some of the rulers of the Colony, but am fearful.,
from the conduct of the fiscal in this late affair, of the negroes being
worked on Sunday, that they would be more solicitous to silence
me, by requiring me to criminate some individual, than to redress
the wrongs done to the slsves, by diligently watching the conduct
of the planters themselves, mad bringing them to justice (without
the intervention of Missionaries), when they detect such abuses of
the law as so frequently take place."

The Journal contains several complaints of the treat-
ment of the Negroes, and the neglect of a Petition he had
presented to the Governor, who is accused of 44 setting
his face against the moral and religious improvement
of the negro slaves." In another part of hi.. Journal he
says, 11 the rigour of negro slavery, I believe, can never
be mitigated ; the system must be abolished."
These passages are certainly evidence of the private
opinions of Mr. Smern as to negro slavery, and had
they been promulgated to the slaves, might have been
productive of serious injury. There is, however, one
entry in this Journal which speaks more in favour of
the cautious conduct of Mr. SMITH than all the other
passages can do against him. The entry is dated Au-
gust 8, 1817, and runs thus :

" A great number of people at chapel. From Genesis, xv. 1.
Having passed over the latter part of Chapter 13, as containing a
promise of deliverance fr,inithese two words partly erased, but per_
fectly Itgiblel the land of Canaan, I was apprehensive the negroes
might put such a construction upon it as I would not wish; for I
tell them that some ol the promises, &c. which are made to Abra-
ham and others, will apply to the, Christian state. It is easier to
make a urongimprecsion upon their sthuls than a right one."

This is strong evidence of Mr. SnITH'S prudence and
good sense ; not only in his observation as to the ne-
groes, that it is easier to make a wrong impression upon
their minds than a right one, but in the omission to
which he alludes. Had he selected for his text, or even
read the following verses, which occur towards the end
of the 13th Chapter of Genesis, them might have been
some cause for fear, on the part of the owners, that he
was not taking the best means of inculcating religious
instruction—cc And the LORD said unto Abraham, after
that Lot was separated from him, lift up sow thine
eyes, and look from the place where thou art, North-
ward, and Southward, and Eastward, and Westward ,
for all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it
and to thy seed for ever."—" Arise, walk through the
land in the length of it, and in the breadth of it; for
I will give it to thee."
These passages Mr. SMITH omitted, lest, as he had
told them that some of the promises made to Abram
applied to the Christian state, the negroes should con-
sider these as one of that class.

The oral evidence for the prosecution occupied a
period of eleven days, and fills twenty-seven folio pages.
The evidence principally relates to conversations Mr.
SMITH had held on the subject of negro slavery. One
man, EDWARD BOND, swore that he said, " Negroes
could du as well in the West Indies without white people
as with them; and WILLIAM *WATT deposed that
Mr. Shama said, " they would not better their situation
until something took place, such as had been done in St.
Domingo" This conversation he stated took place with
some whites, and not with the negroes.
Several of the Negro witnesses deposed to Mr.
SMITHut having censured their being employed on the
Sabbath Day, except in cases of a fire taking place, or a
water dam breaking down, though it does not appear
that he advised them to refuse ; " Tell your master,"
says he, "that Sunday is the Lotto's Day." One Ne-
gro, Azor, swore that Mr. SMITH said they were fools
or working on a Sunday, for the sake of a few lathes.
Another negro, Bristol, deposed that Mr. Smyrn told
them, that if they ran; away, they must not let their
master catch them again, for he would punish them.—
'1 This was denied by another negro for the defence.

The evidence so far only relates to the general con-
duct of Mr. SMITH ; and that which affects the mole
immediate point, the insurtection, is ratite! circutastan-

Cal chart positive. On Sanjay, the 17th of Atari',
Mr. SMITH preached to a large congregation, taking
fot his text the 19th chapter of St. Luke, beginning al
the 41st verse. It does not appear from the evidence
how much of the chapter was read, nor does it appear
to us half so likely to be interpreted by the negroes
their favour as the passages in Genesis which 3lr.
Sumo omitted on that account. But if M.
did read the passages which were the most liaHe to bz
consulted in favour of emancipation, they ap; car to
lrave been lost on the negroes who gave evidence
him. Bristol, a negro, and one of the strongest witnescf:,
against Mr. SMITH, gives the fo:lowing ev:dtrce a.
to his conduct on the Sunday previous to tie revoa,
"I was at Bethel Chapel the day before the revolt hrol::
out; I was at both services. At the forenoon serr;ce-i
believe Mr. Smith read something abbot Jastra
upon the city of Jerusalem and vvtecing. Ater saa
vice I did not go straight home; we stopped close la
the chapel a little while, wirer we 1- eard Jack ana
Joseph talking about the paper which had conic front
home ; that the people wet e all to be made free. Erna.
nuel told Quamina he had better go and ask Mr. Smith
' about iy and when Qtldttlllll,l was going into, M 7,
Smith's house, I went in with him ; and when we went,
Quamina asked Mr. Smith if any freedom had come
out for them in a paper? Ile told hitia:No; but that
diet e was a good law come out, bet there as no fres.-
, doni come out for them. Ile said, ' You must wait
little, and the Governor or your inasteis will tell yoa
about it. Quamina then said. Jack and Joseph
were speaking very much about it ; he said, they (Jack
and Joseph) wanted to take it by to: ce. Mr. Smith
said,' You had better tell them to Nutt, and not to be
foolish. How do you mean that they should take it by
force? They cannot do anything with the white people,
because the soldiers will be more strong than you;
therefore you had better wait.' He said, .4 Well, yoe
had better go and tell the people, and Christians parti-
cularly, that they had better have nothing to do with
it.' And then we came out. And then I saw a man
belonging to Vigilance, of the name of Washington, re•
maining at the church; I called him. Quamii a be.gan to
speak to him, and asked me if I had got any money,
I told him I had two bitts. He told this man, Then
(giving him the two bitts) run up as fast as you can,
and call down Joseph ; Mr. Smith wants to see him.'
I then went honie, and I told Manuel that we had been
to see Mr. Smith, and he said that there was no freedom
in the paper for us, and that we must tell all the peo-
ple so; I told him that we had sent to call Joseph al-
ready. A little while after Jack and Paris came up.
Manuel told them, that Mr. Smith had told them not
to haie anything to do with the business, and that he
(Manus:) had been telling them so during• the week,
Jack and Paris said, Weil, do you have nothing to do
with it; you are towardi: When Mr. smith observed
to Quamina that the soldiers would be too strong for
them, he said they would drive all the white people,
and make them go to town. Quamina said the report
was, the soldiers would not come, and would have no-
thing to do With it. This last, about the soldiers not
coming, was said after quatnina came out from Mr.
Smith. The revolt began at Success. I know Quamina,
of Success; he was engaged in dt: revolt, because, I
heard, they took hit:) up before the revolt began. Jack
and Paris Were the leaders of the revolt; they said they
would
,5o on with it, and then did so."
The gist of this evidence is to prove that Mr. Smith
knew of the intended revolt; and the evidence of Ma-
nuel, another negro, tends to the same point. This Mr.
Smith, in his defence, most positively denies. Alluding
to the negroes coming to speak to him after Divine
Service, he says—" Their coming in was nothing un-
usual: it was not a circumstance to excite any particu-
lar notice. They seldom went away on a Sunday with-
out coming in to the back gallery to bid us good bye.
This was the case with many of the people; and I con-
sidered that they came in on that occasion merely for
that purpose. They were all standing together, and I
went into the hall to get a glass of wine. While drink-
ing it, I heard Quamina and Seaton, who were talking
together in a low tone of voice, use the words Ma,
nager' and ' new law.' This induced me (says Mr.
'Smith) to rebuke them for talking about such things.
Quamina said Oh, it is nothing particular, Sir ; we were
only saying, it would be good to send our managers to
town to fetch up the new law.' I immediately replied,
that such conversation was improper ; that they world
be fools to say anything to their managers about it, for
they were not the law makers ; that if there was any
thing for them they should wait patiently, and they
would no doubt soon hear of it, either from the Gover-
nor, or from their masters ; but that if they manifested
any impatience, or behaved insolently to their managers,
they would lose their religions c.Ftrac.ter, and would
provoke the GevernOr here, and the King and the Go-
vernmentKi';Very well, .Sir,
e,llsay nothing.
ot
r home. (Yu:univa leV4p,leiedsrould be sorry to
vex
outr ling
ctahndr, theaecpeopl
h.
bide atdi home."
ngme nTdhe.:‘,yt tl:.en went:
snit
rood
With it:. treergnaorodn
the sermon he preached on the San-
day prectaiing the revolt, Mr. ShflTll declares tla'a
reacher the text ncr the sermon could have, nor had.
in his releience to an event of which he w:
a=; ignorant as any Membav of that Court;" and so far
Iron) his hay t; selected it fcr :hat particular occatico,
he adds, " it is a text frequently selected by Ministers;
I have myself preached tiom it before, and pretty sure
in the same Chapel."

In conclusion of his defence, Mr. SMITH remarks ca
the good effects religion has had on the negroes. "I:
has," s.tid I c, " already produced a material Alteration
fur die betteitin the winds of the negroes. The love oi

1

the r
the n
semb
• We
• We
gion
this?
but t
or re;
in G r
the r
bears
w►ron.

Th
znerci
put it
was p
don.
did u
under
mensi
evidei
his ell

Lis
ing.

Pottr
the C,
of a
realm

We

lieve
less or
House
to bri
tious 1
butch
only I
hide, '
skill.
and sr

teliglon is already so strongly implanted in then, that
the power of man will not be able to eradicate it.
do I have been informed, and can prove, that ever. in
the midst of the revolt, whilst the negroes were all as-
sembled—all in arms, some of them were heard to say,'
We will take no man's life, for we cannot give it:—
We will shed no blood, for it is contrary to the reli-
gion Me have been taught.' Which of the negroes said
this? Not the lowest class of Africans—not the heathen,
but the Christian negroes.
a This revolt has been unlike every other I ever heard
or read of. In former revolts in this colony, in Jamaica,
in Grenada, and in Barbadoes, blood and massacre were
the prominent features. In this a mildness and for-
bearance, worthy of the faith they professed, (however
wrong their conduct may have been) were the charac-
teristics: even the attempts at bloodshed in this have
been confined to the Africans who were not yet baptiz.•d."
The evidence adduced by Mr. Satan, though not so
voluminous as that for the charge is ample, aid con-
sists in a great measure of the examination of the same
witnesses who had appeared against 'him. Several dis-
crepancies and inconsistencies are thus detected. Many
statements made by the negroes for the prosecution are
rebutted by others for the defence; and looking to all
the evidence on both sides, we confess it does not appear
to us to warrant the verdict given against Mr. SMITH.,
We are far from impugning the conduct of the Officers
of the Court Martial, or doubting that they were men
of honour and acted conscientiously ; but we do not
think there is that evidence of Mr. SMlllt'S knowledge
of the revolt, much less his abetting it, that would have
obtained from a Jury a verdict of Guilt) ; and yet we
do think, that a Court Martial is much less likely to be
influenced either by fears or by prejudices, than any
Court that could be formed in a Colony, consisting of
only two other classes of society ; slave owners and slaves.
The Cpurt Martial recommended Mr. SArtur to
mercy, and no sooner was the Government at home
put in piassession of the facts of the case than mercy
was promptly extended by his MAJESTY'S gracious par-
don. Unhappily, however, the unfortunate individual
did not live to recei►e the benefit of it, and he died
under sentence of death. All that can be done for his
memory is done in the publication of the whole of the
evidence, and it will perhaps be the best vindication of
his character that could be given to the Public.

Lisbon Papers to the 27th ult. reached us this morn-
ing. They contain a long decree issued by the King of
PORTUGAL, 'evoking scme former regulations made by
the Constitutional Government; but as they are entirely
of a local nature, they possess no interest to the English
reader. These papers contain no intelligence from Brazil.

We are happy to find the Ministers continuing to re-
lieve the Statute Book of some absurd laws, which in a
less enlightened age were enacted. Last night, in the
House of Conim(ins, Mr. Luenitioron obtained leave
to bring in a Bill to repeal the ridiculous and vexa-
tious laws relating to Hides and Skins, by which, if a
butcher in flaying the skin made a hole in it, he was not
only punished by the depreciation of the value of the
hide, but by a heavy fine for his carelessness or want of
skill. The Statute Book wants an epuiation of this sort,
and w e are glad to see Ministers persevering in it.

We were never among those who thought the French
crusade against Spain calculated to restore permanent
tranquillity to that benighted country. In vain have
the French journalists cried out peace when there was
no peace, and they are now compelled to acknowledge
that party rancour is -as violent as ever, and that the
presence of the invading force is necessary to preserve
quiet even in the capital. The accounts from Spain in
the latest French journals give a melancholy picture of
the state of party feeling in that unhappy country. At
Seville and Cordova, a number of persons, known for
their attachment to the Constitutional cattle, have been
barbarously massacred by the fanatical party. At the
latter place a project was formed for a general massa-
cre of the Constitutionalists ; and the 19th of March,
being the day of the feast of Sr. Joseph, was appointed
for the perpetration of this horrible deed. The plot,
however, was happily, in a great degree, unsuccessful,
as the Papers inform us that ten persons only fell vie•
rims to the steel of the murderers. At Seville, twenty
persons imprisoned for political offences have been
murdered. By the accounts from Valencia, it does not
appear that any assassinations have been perpetrated
there; but the Exaltados (the Church and Royalist
party) had thrown into dungeons a great number of
individuals, distinguished for their wealth and station
in society. These most horrid accounts are given
in the Madrid Papers, which are reluctantly compelled
to take notice of the alarming state of the three above-
mentioned cities. The decree of amnesty is again spoken
of—as being delayed. On the 31st of last month, the
French ttoops garrisoning Madrid were relieved by a
corps of Spaniards ; but the former resumed their duty
on the next day, it not being considered safe tp trust the
garrison to the care of the national troops. It is ex-
pected that FERDINAKD will reside at Aranjuez for se-
veral months.

The intelligence from Spain via Bayonne, to the 6th
instant, is of the same character as that in the French
Papers. An affray has taken place at Puycerda, be-
tween a party of Spanish Royalists and a corps of
French troops,who came to take possession of the place.
The S,panlards forcibly resisted this measure, and the
result was an action, in which some blood was spilt.—
The French troops whose departure from Madrid bas
been often alluded to, are, it seems, still to remain there,
it nut being thought advisable to lose the protection
v.-.::h they afford both to the Government and people.

AILVV.

........,11........

It is said that Lieutesent-General the Hon. cit. EDWARD PAGET,
Commander-In-Chief in the East indiel, will be appointed
Governor of the Royal Nlilitary College.
Major-General MANi.ir Pows.a has now the chief command at
the island of Malta.

The 94th Regintenf of Infantry has received orders to embark at
Greenock for Gibraltar, on board the Marquis of Huntly transport,
now fitting in the River, and the Loyal Briton transport, which Is
ordered from Portsmouth to Scotland for that purpose.
The Ist Royal Scots, front Cionmel, replace the 10th Regiment
of Infantry at Rath%eale, county of Limerick.
An inspection of each Regiment of Yeomanry will take place this
spring by a Field Officer, during the period of their usual annual
exercise, which is six days on permanent duty, exclusive of the two
days of marching to and irons the place of assembly. This is the
only alteration intended to be made.
