Any person wishing to join eithet of these nett-
_Associations may call at any such office, and state
i stikh to become an inhabitant or member of •ne
'r.! New Villages ;of (suppose) .Class No. 2,
"r - and Division in that Class, I, 2,3, 4, .5, 6,7,
9, 10, 11, or 12, and to be associated with Sect
r Party No. in the fable of Sect and Party. At
,deli office, the name cf the applicant will be en•
tr•ri•cf in the proper column, to designate his Class,
Sect, and Party, to which he will affix his signature'
and address, paying a small charge to cover the ex-
parse Of registry. And as soon as there shall be a
sufficii•nt number, say 300, of any of these Associates
entered in the book, then the operations for one of
the establishments may commence; and afterwards,
as .36 sro shall be entered, others may follow int
rotation ; er many may commence at once and to-
other, as soon as the preparations for one shall be
,completed.
To enter further into details would be to create a
finite for the attainment of the object that would be
injurious to its sound and beneficial progress. The
change cannot be effected in a week, or a month,
slthough much, very much, may be put into action
next year ; s i much indeed, as with ease to relieve
t':e c.iuntry from the most grievous evils of poverty ;
I:nd it will be done. Should it be asked, on what
h,rinciple is this assertion made ? the reply is, on the
v cif known principle of veil-interest, which compels
2:) to prefer their happiness, when easily attain-
a. 't., to a continuance in wretchedness and misery.
The multitude, the uninformed part of the public,
those, in short, whose field of vision is confined within
the circle of ordinary localities, could form no con-
liecture why I disclaimed connection with the errors
of all existing systems, political and religious. They
timid not know that to secure to them solid, sub
'stantial, and permanent good, my course must be
sock as they have seen : the declaration made at the
last meeting was a step absolutely necessary then to
take. To oppose myself to all the most inveterate,
.and hitherto unconquerable prejudices with which the
human intellect has been afflicted, could not have
been a premature and hasty measure on my part.—
I lone knew that to deliver from abject slavery of in-
lect—trom the grossest ignorance—from the vilest
passions—lsom crime, from poverty, and from every
species of wretchedness, I must, for a time, offend
all mankind, and create in many, feelings of disgust
and horror, at this apparent temerity of conduct
which, without a new understanding—a new heart
—wad a sew mind, they could never comprehend ;
hut these, in due time, shall now be given to them.
Ere long there shall be but one nation, one language
and one people ; even now the time is near at hand ;
'aimiot arrived, when swords shall be turned into
ploughshares, and spears into pruning hooks—when
every man shall sit under his own vine, and his own
fig tree, and none shall make him afraid. But what
is still more marvellous, the time is also at band,
when your respect, esteem, and love, for those who
oppose all your prejudices, will be much greater than
for those who now defend them ; because you will
discover that the instructions of the latter tend only
to perpetuate endless evils throughout society.
Yes, my friends, in the day, and hour, when I dis-
claimed all connection with the errors and prejudices
of the old system—a day to be remembered with joy
id gladness henceforward throughout all future
ages, the Dominion of FAITH ceased; its reign of
error, of disunion, of separation, and of irrationality
is broken to pieces like a potter's vessel. The folly
id madness of its votaries became instantly conspi-
inns to the world.
When the benighted intellects of humanity were
led, and it was clearly perceived that airy faith,
iwever horrible and absurd, could be given to all
the sons of men, it was in the same hour made
sown, that, therefore, Faith could be of no practical
line whatever; but that its longer Dominion on
'tb must be productive of error and misery; and
permitted to remain, that its continuance among
I children of light would produce only evil conti-
,ally. Now, from henceforth. CHARITY presides
ter the destinies of the world ; Its rows, deep rooted
principles of DEMONSTRABLE TRUTH, is perma-
!Fitly founded ; and against it, hell and destruction
all not prevail.
Yes, on this day, the most glorious the world has
the RELIGION OF CHARITY, UNCONNECTED WITH
-SITU, is established for ever. Mensal liberty for man
secured, and hereafter he will become a reasonable, and
,!.ergurnsly a suiserior being.
What is the character of this New RECIGInN
It is throughout consistent with all facts, acid there-
te Taus. it suffereth long and is kind; envieth
vaunteth not itself ; is nit puffed up; doth not
ave itu•lh unseemly ; seeketh not her own ; is not
lily provoked; thinketh no evil ; rejoiceth not in
iquit y, but rejoiceth in the truth. Beareth all things.
ievrth all things (DESIONSTUAIILZ BY FACTS, BHT
'THING lIIAT IS oPrOsk.D TO THEM.)
IVilat is the power of Charity
It never failed); but whether there be prophesies,
•ry shall tail; whether there be tongues, they shall
,se; whether there be (false) knowledge, it shall
midi away.
What has been foretold of Charity ?
That it has been known only in part, and prophe-
'ed of in past ; but when that which is perfect is come,
,en that which is in part shall be done away. When
was a child, I spice as a child ; I understood as a
cjild, I thought as a child ; but when I became a
man, 1 put away childish things. For now we me
'rough a glass daikly, but when Charity reigneth
we shall see face to face; now I known part,
it then shall I know even also as I am known.

_
rhe greatest of all things is Charity.
What are the signs of theiastdaysof miseryonearth?
" And there shall be signs in the sun and in the
hlaon, and in the stars ; and upon earth, distress of
rations, with perplexity ; tl:e sea and the waves roar-
!.'g ; men's hearts failing them for fear, and for look-
'ng after those things which are coming on the earth;
kit the powers of HEAVEN shall be shaken."
" And then shall they see the Ban of MAW (or
urn) coming in a cloud with power and grvic.
And' when these things begin to cont.:
ass, then look up and lift up your heads, for cur
',lemption (from crime and misery) draweth nigh."
This generation shall not pass away until all shall
lulfill d."
What immediate and permanent consequences will
~low from tl:e Religion of Charity alone, unconnec•
1 with Faith

l't Ace on rartbsand good will towards m.ro.

,and gl
( ages,
terror,
was bri
and mi
'onus
AVIn
opened
howevi
cl the i
known
. %doe
earth
it peen
the ch
over th
in prir
tsently
Yes,
seen, t
FAITH
secur,
tc!.. r (cm
It is
f.ie Is
~t,
thave
elieve
it II
they ftl
ft4se;
vanish
Th.,
'red of
en tl
1 was
man,
throliE
alone,
but till
the
%a A
Mann,
oation
•,;; ; n
'ng afi
for the
"A
T:11.711
:41011.
s piss, t
Tr.ternj
Thi
lu
ll
..low
wi
l't
