• ' -

presented.
for eit
one of the .
restoring the
fr

rom the debasing
the British Ambassador at the approaching
would free them and seal the fate of the haughty.
Mussulmans for ever! but will that word be spoken?
we fear not.

In the STAR of yesterday we gave some official
documents, published at Rio Janeiro, shew•ing the
state of parties in the Brazils, and the progress that
country was making towards a separation from Por-
tugal. The letters from Bahia, which are to the 9th
July, are still more decisive as to the disposition of
the People in that Province. It has long been known
that the native population of Bahia entertain views
favourable to IndependenCe, but which they have
been restrained from declaring openly by the pre-
sence of some Portuguese troops, in all about 1,300
men, who preserve their fidelity to Portugal, and
avow their intention to resist to the last extremity all
attempts at a separation. These troops are in pos-
session of the two forts, which are of great strength.
in the town of St. Salvador, which stands on a high
point of land, projecting into and washed by the sea
in the front and on two sides,thus forming an almost
impregnable position. Many overtures have been
made to the troops to induce them to embark quietly,
and suffer themselves to be transported to Portugal,
but without effect. MeaSures were therefore in pro-
gress throughout Bahia for compelling them, by
levying troops in the neighbouring districts ; and,
not depending altogether on their own strength, an
application had also been made to Rio de Janeiro for
assistance, whence a body of about 500 troops were
consequently ordered to Bahia. The inhabitants of
St. Salvador, thus menaced, were some of them
quitting their houses for the country, while others
who were unable to do so, were providing themselves
with a stock of provisions for the expected siege. In
the country round Bahia, the feeling in favour of In-
dependence is stated to be almost unanimous. In
this state affairs were left at the departure of the
packet ; and unless the determination of the Portu-
guese troops could be shaken, either by the danger of
their situation or other inducements, a scene of alarm
and confusion,with, perhaps, bloodshed,was inevitable.

In another pan of our Paper we give a list of pira-
cies committed in the West Indies on British ship-
ping, and that on the very station where we have a
fleet cruising for its protection. The apathy which
Ministers have shewn to our Commerce in this re-
spect, is in the highest degree disgraceful ; and skews
that the naval power of Great Britain, which the world
united against it could not shake, may be frittered
away, or rendered contemptible by an imbecile
Administration.

Almost every day we have to record some outrage
on British shipping, but none so glaring as the pre-
sent, when three merchantmen, all British, were, so
late as the eah of July, seized and ransacked in open
day, and British seamen cut to pieces or hung up
like cqrnmon felons, with complete impunity, by
common bravoes, the scum of nations. The Govern-
ment of the United States has taken active measures
to put down these pirates; but our Ministers, with
frigates rotting in our harbours, and sailors starving
for want of employment—nay, even with a Naval
establishment in active service sufficient to sweep
the ocean of every piratical cruizer, suffer our com-
merce to be at the mercy of any marauder who may
fit out a vessel for the purpose. If the Administration
wished to annihilate our commerce and our naval cha-
racter at the same time, they could not devise any
means better calculated to effect both than by their
neglect in avenging the injuries our merchants have
so long sustained.

It is understood to be his MAJESTY'S intention to
return to London by Sunday or Monday next, if pos-
sible; arrangements are making at Carlton Palace
for his MAJESTY'S return on one of those days. Direc-
tions, it is understood, have been forwarded to have
eve: ything in readiness for the holding of a Council
at Carlton Palace on Monday ; and,when the vacancy
in the Cabinet is supplied, by the appointment of a
new Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and when
the Special Ambassador to proceed to Congress has
been named, the KING leaves town for Brighton.—
Orders have been given to have everything prepared
at the Pavilion to receive his MAJESTY; and, from
the nature of the commands and preparations, it is
inferred that the KING contemplates an extended
sojourn at Brighton.
Monday, the Princess AUGUSTA took her departure
rom Leamington, in her travelling carriage, to the
great regret of the visitors and inhabitants. The
Princess was expected to arrive at her residence at
Frogmore between five and six o'clock. Before her
departure her Royal Highness expressed herself gra-
tified with Leamington, and the attentions which she
received there.

Earl GaosvzNoa has purchased the magnificent
mansion of Fonthill, in Wiltshire.

It is positively determined that the Royal Gardens,
Vauxhall, shall close on Friday next. This is melan-
choly news for the thousands who so recently have
passed there so many delightful yet transitory hours,
" for Vauxhall mornings ever come too soon."
The Haymarket has certainly been extremely for-
tunate this season, and much of the success has arisen
from the int; oduction of Miss PATON) and the effective,
way in which the Opera of Figaro has been got up.,
We expect much also from the Barber of Seville, and
a new Farce and a new Opera Are immediately to be
produced. •

The Regiments doing duty in future at St. James's, eacept on
particular occasions, are to meant guard in grey overalls, instead
of breeches and gaiters; the Officers to wear the sane, with a
scarlet stripe down the sides. !lesbian boots and pantaoous to
be eonsidtred the full dress.

.. x:~

~ ~-'
...
~..~ _ .4~


aised here for the extent

chaste beiety of its ornaments. It is nearly an oblong
apartment, much narrower and not longer than Free-
Inosons%hall, and lighted from ones* ; it is heavy
in the general character of its ornaments. The roof
is of oak, suppOrted by Gothic limbs, more stily
but not so geometrically placed as those of Westmin-
ster-half, and rendered heavy and tasteless by the
liaise glare of gilded ornaments, which. was shewn
and reflected so as to exhibit in broken and scattered
tights the general illumination of the room, which
might otherwise have had a good effect. Galleriei
might have been easily thrown up, so as to admit
accommodation for Ladies, whose presence would
have graced and enlivened such a' banquet. The
Lord Mayor of Dublin provided a very different
place for the accommodation of his Royal guest,
much better adapted in every respect for the OC:A •
sidn in point of taste, and administering in a far su
perior manner insubstantial corporate appetite, for he
gave a hot. dipner-.-here the dinner (except at the
Royal table) was cold, if we except soup and a scanty
supply of fish. The arrangements of these festivals are
generally uhimportant; but when so great a noise
has been made about the preparations as dinned a
stranger's ear for the last fortnight, it is right to
strip the Corporation hospitality of all supereroga•
tory claims.
The guests, on their arrival, were shewn into the
Advocates Library, a spacious hall, which served as
a drawing-room; and shortly after five o'clock they
came down in quick succession to take their places
at the tables. His MAJESTY'S table was laid for 2.5
covers, and the other* for about sop.
At a quarter past six o'clock, all the Nobility, and
as large a portion of the Gentry as could well be ac-
commodated, were seated in the banquetting room.
At half-past six o'clock a herald entered, and the
cry was general along the tables "The KING 1.; come."
Soon after his MAJESTY entered in a full Field Mar-
shal's unifo:m, and attended by all the Officers of
the Royal household. The anthem of " GOD save
the Kin( was struck up as his MAJESTY entered the
room, and when he was conducted to the head table,
Principal BAIRD, of the University, said grace.--,
The company were then seated.
The KING looked well, but still retained a formal
and rather depressed expression of features. He sa-
luted several personages whom he recognized in the
room, and then took his seat under the canopy pro-
vided for his MAJESTY'S reception.
His MAJESTY was supported on his right by the
LORD PROVOST, the Duke Of HAMILTON, and the
Duke Of ARGYLE; and on his left by the Earl of ER-
ROL, hereditary High Constable of Scotland, the Duke
Of ATHOL, and the Marquis of QuRENSEERRY. There
were also at the Royal table—
The Earl of Morton, Lord Melville, the Lord President, the
Lord Justice Clerk, Admiral Sir John Deresford, Sir Thomas
sradford, Commander of the Forces; the Marquis of Graham,
Lord Cathcart, the Marquis of Tweeddale, the Lord Advocate,
the Duke of Dorset, Lord Francis Couyngham, the Marquis of
Winchester, and Lord Glenlyon.
—The opposite extremity of the room was occupied by
Chantry s statue of Lord Melville. Three tabh s
were placed longitudinally from the Royal one, and
to the central one. Sir WALTER SCOTT acted aE
Croupier, or principal Steward.
At a quarter before seven o'clock the company
commenced dinner, and this enjoyment of Corporate
hospitality lasted until nearly eight o'clock.
As soon as the cloth was removed, Non nobis Do-
mine was performed in an impressive manner by
Mr. MAO Arri, (who directed the vocal arrange-
ments), Mr.Swirr, Mr. Lees, and several amateurs,
who lent their assistance on this occasion.

At a quarter past eight o'clock a Gentleman, at-
tended by the son and nephew of Sir WALTER
SCOTT, as Pages, presented on his knees a ewer and
napkin to his MAJESTY, in virtue of some ancient
tenure, the name of which we could not ascertain,
there being no formula prepared of the ceremony
of the feast, and no means of access open to learn
any particulars.
The LORD PROVOST then rose to propose the health
of his MAJESTY, which he prefaced in these words—
" I have the honour of proposing the health of his
MAJESTY, who has this day done us the high honour
of his presence, and, together with his most gracious
visit to our country, thereby conferred a signal mark
of distinction on his good town of Edinburgh, which
will never—l venture to say never—be obliterated
from the memory of the present generation."
His MAJESTY'S health was then drank with the
warmest greetings.
The KING rose amid this applause, and his MA-
JESTY'S attitude commanded immediate silence.—
" I am," said the KING, " quite unable to express my
sense of the gratitude which I owe to the people of
this country ; but I beg to assure them, that I shall
ever remember as one of the proudest moments of
my life, the day I came among them, and the grati-
fying reception which they gave me. I return you,
my Lord Provost, my Lords and Gentlemen, my
warmest thanks for your attention this day; and I
can assure you with truth, with earnestness, and sin-
cerity, that I shall never fOrFt your dutiful atten-
tion to me upon my visit to Scotland, and particu-
larly the pleasures have derived from dining in your
Hall this day."

Loud greetings hailed his MAJESTY'S speech, and
the band played- up " GOD save the King," which wa
afterwards sung by the vocal Gentlemen present.
After his MAJESTY had for the moment resumed
his seat, he again rose, and his attitude equally com-
manded silence, while he proceeded as follows:—" I
take this opportunity, my Lords and Gentlemen, of
proposing the health of the Lord Provost, Sir Wm.
Arbuthnott, Baronet, and the Corporation of Edin-
burgh:'
Upon his MAJESTY naming the LORD PROVOST by
the title of Baronet, that officer dropped on his knees,
and kissed the KING'S 'hand, which was held out to
him at the moment.

This gracious manner of giving additional rank to
the Chief Officer of the Corporation was loudly ap.•
planded by the company, and his MAJE:ay bowed
repeatedly in acknowledgn,ent.
" The healths of the Dukes of York and Clarence,
and the Army and Navy," ((Ahmed. •
The KINU 4uun alter rose, and said" I have one

tokairetitin which I trust you ,ifin join me:
to the Miami's and CIA" and
ALMIOSTY bless the Lad of Ca es.'—Drialt
'• three times three, Gentlemen r
VATY's command was obeyed with entire-
, to the regret of the company, the KOKO
r .amarted, at tea minutes. past nine
o'clock. His MAIItiTT was loudly cheered as be
withdrew, and attended to his carriage by the LORD .
PROVOS-T and the principal Officers of State. The
Chief Magistrate soon returned, attended by the chief
Noblemen ; hi; Majesty's seat wader the canopy was
removed, and the Lonn PitoVosT took the timers'
imid the applause of the Meeting.
It may be worth mentioning here, M a trait plata-
raCter, that in the absence of the Lotto PRovOST, a
certain venerable Judge, who is said to have beet
present at many a symposium #nr the last sixty Teal!
of his life, cried out in an audible tone—" I rise to
propose a toast." Being told, however, that he was
out of order, he playfully said—." This is the inter•
reare,, um, so we must make order for ourselves!"
The Duke of* HAMILTON then rose, and was about
to address the company, when
The LORD PadvosT respeCtfully interposed, and
said, that, with his Grace's leave, he had a toast first to
give, which was—" The health of his Majesty, who
had this day honoured the Corporation with his pre-
sence, and let us beg for him a long, prosperoui, and
happy reign." This was dr.ink with loud applause.
The Duke of HAMILTON then ro.se and aid, that
when he bad just now obtruded himself upon the at-
tention of the company, it %% as with a view of seizing
the earliest opportunity of congratulating their Lord
Provost upon the distinction so deservedly conferred
upon him by his Majesty in their presence but a short
time befote—(Applause).—lt they considered that
compliment in a convivial light alone, they wee
bound to express their gratification at its most feli-
citous occurrence, at a moment when all must ea--
press gratitude for so handsome a mark of corpor.t:e
hospitality ; but still more were they bound to express
their gratification, if they reflected upon what !lad
been passing within their town during the r;st fc-.?
days. The Lord Provost and Magistracy h..d
played the most praiseworthy arrangements fel the
preservation of order. Everything done by them was
most proper, most quiet, and most conciliatory;
in-
deed, they had conducted themselves in such a w.y
as to do honour to themselves, while at the same mo-
ment they were reflecting it upon the city entrusted
to their care—(Loud applause).—His Grace concluded
by proposing the health of "Sir William Ai buthnott,
Bait. their Lord Provost."

After the toast was drank with suitable honours,
The LORD PROVOST rose, and begged to return the
company his best thanks for the honour they had
done him, and he begged to assure them that tier
approbation must ever animate him to persevere in
that line of duty which had secured for him hi. S.
vereign's and their approbation, to the best of 1-. s
humble abilities. His Lordship then gave " The re-
membrance of the 14th, 15th, and 24th days of Au-
gust," those on which his Majesty arrived, laude?,
and dined with the Corporation of Edinburgh. The
Lord Provost next gave The Constitution in Chu:el
and State, and may it ever remain the envy of the
world, and lite for ages >et to cone."
The'Lorto Pfteivosr said, that he had to pro-
pose the health of a statesman, who was, he !evened
to say, ab.ei t through indisposition—he meant the
Right Hon. Robert Peel, his Majesty's
Principal Se-
ctetary for •the Home Department"—a statesman
who executed the important duties of the office which
he filled with as much honour to himself as utility 'o
his country.—Mr. Peers health was drank with con-
siderable applause.
The LORD PROVOST again said, he had to propose
the health qf another Member of his Majesty's Cabi.
net—a man who was universally revered and re-
spected for his private virtues; he had long acquired
the affectionate friendship of those who had the ho-
nour of knowing him, and he was equally eminent
for the manner in which he discharged his public
duty, with firmness, mildness, and utility—he meant
" Lord Melville."— His Lordship's health was then
drank with great applause.
Lord MELVILLE, in acknowledging it, trusted they
would do him CI edit when he assured them hey., deeply
sensible he was of the honour they had conferred up,:i
him. At any time, and under any circumstance,,
such an honour would have been highly acceptable
to him, but at the present moment the occasion made
it doubly grateful to him, when it was received as
coming from and among the most distinguished per-.
sonages of the land, and amid the most illustrious who
could confer honour upon any compliment. Ile begged
to re-assure them that he felt the favour highly, and
would ever entertain a deep sense of this distinguished
mark of their attention. lie might also beg leave to
add, that the compliment on this occasion became
the mole gratifying when he had to reflect upon what
had, not only on the present glorious cccasion, been
the conduct of this great metropolis, in which he Icit
so deep an interest, but also of the immense popu-
lation which had poured into it on the late occasion.
and whosebehaviour, and he begged to speak of it born
as a citizen of Edinburgh and a Scotch man,was such
as to do them honour and credit—(Loud
It, in fact, appeared from their universal demeanour,
that from the highest Peer to the meanest peasan:
but one feeling predominated—namely, the desire
each individual to manifest his loy4lty to his Save-
leign in such a manlier as if he RIR his own indiv.-
dual character involved in the credit of the genel
conduct of his countrymen—( Loud cheers).— 11:0'ntr
said this, he now begged leave to allude to another
class of the community--namely, that high and ccii-
spicuous body which had come forward so generally,
and as might indeed be expected upon such an occa-
sion as this, to attend upon the Sovereign ; and be
could the better speak of the Peerage of Scotland
because he did not belong to them himself. At the
bead of them came forward a Peer of the most dis-
tingui,lied rank. He could state to them, front the
highest and most illustrious authority, that die im-
pression of their behaviour upon the Royal mind was
one which time could nevereilace—(Applouse).--His
Lordship concluded by proposing the healths t hip
GI ace the Duke of Hamilton and the Peers of Scotland.
The Duke of HAMILTON then rose and said, t ait
after the toast which had beefs proposed, and the m !t-
-iler in which it had been introduced to their notice.
by the coupling his name with those of the Peers f
Scotland, it was impossible for him to remain site
although it was painful lot him to speak, feeling tit L 4,

. • . - .... . .
..,...,,t, , .u.
O S VISIT To solgicifirvwc mg 6
stecl. What a gloriousilpptditity now offers T iirmAg
..., ,'. °lad it is.-4
ither England er France AssiOnting itself with it to-00 Pr—s., „•,,,, , ~. t, ,
A. the noblest achieiemeno of any. age, that of
The
Kiri.
oE:irnt:Tyat:tlftee/t4FOirithVlLlSo.R4ri
plricarl..
itpus.
w. Aith..l.maitsi
. ,
4Corporatio.ii of thisitty, in the Parliament ling the Greeks as a nation, -ind rescuing them
the debasing slavery of ages. One word from ,an
• • '4l
. is LVIAJI
.The chamber in which this feast was given is highly 1/115/" ;,but*,
. immediately
