XL

In 2 vols. Bvo. price I/. IBs.
The PRESENT PRACTICE of the BANKRUYT Law boas in Eng-
land and Ireland. By Edward Christian, Esq. Barrister at Law.
Second Edition, enlarged.

X I I.
In Sen. price 10s. 6d. boards.

' PRACTICAL INSTRUCTIONS fur Sonic OCT and PROSECUTING a
COMWASION of BANERUPTCY, with the best modern Precedents.
By Edward Christian, Esq. Second Edition, much intproved.
XIII.
PRESTON ON ABSTRACTS.
In three vols. royal Bvo. complete 31. 15s.
An ESSAY in a COURSE of LECTURES on ABSTRACTS of TITLE,
to facilitate the Study and the Application of the first Principles
and general Rules of the Laws of Property; stating, in the de-
tail, the Duty of Solicitors in preparing, &c. and of Counsel, in
advising, on Abstracts of Title. By Richard Preston, Esq. Bar-
rister at Law. The above Work is now completed in three vob.
royal Bvo. price Si. 15s. in boards; or in separate Parts, sewed,
at 12s. each.

Gentlemen are requested to be early in completing their Sets,
to prevent the disadvantage of their remaining imperfect, as the
Publishers cannot be answerable after this notice.
A Syllabus of the whole Work may b.. bad gratis.
X I V.
Bvo. price 9s. boards,
A LAW CLOS-SART of the LATIN, GRIME, NORMAN, FRENCH,
and ether LANGUAGES, in various Law Treatises, translated into
English, aqd alphabetically arranged. By Thomas Taylcr.
X V.

In Bvo. price ss. 6d. boards,
An ANALYSIS of the Patscmall of PLEADINC ; or, An Idea of
a Study of that Science. By Anthony liamtvtend, Esq.
X VI.
In 4to. price 11. Is. boards,
Comer Hawn Burmese; or, The Student's Assistant in read.
log Gad Deeds, Charters Records, &c. engraved on twenty-
three Copper-plates, describing the Old Law Hands, with their
Contractions and Abbreviations, Names of Places in Great Bri-
tain, and Table of Ancient Surnames, and a Geography of Latin
Words. By Andrew Wright. Fifth Edit. with Additions.

XVII.

Is royal livo. Parts 111. and IV. price 11.45. which completes
the Work,
The Parsing: PRACTICE of the Ernmetras of naafi. By
James Manning, Esq.
XVIII.
CHANCERY REPORTS.

In three vols. royal Bvo. price :SL in boards,
Vscce and Humes RETORTS in the COURT of CHANCERY in
the titne of Lord Eldon, 52 to 55 Geo. 111. second edition cor-
• rated, with Additional Notes referring to the late Cases.
KIX.
In royal tiro. Vol. 29, Part I. 11. 111. price 71.2 a. 6d.
'hewn in the Hum Cower of CHANCERY. By Francis
Vesey, Esq.

X X.
In four vols. royal 8.0. price Si. 10s. boards,
RZPOSTS of Cis= in the Vica CHANCILLOZS Cava; before
Sir TuossAs PLoasa• and Sir JOHN LEACR, 55 to 59 Geo. 111.
By H. Maddock, Esq. Barrister at Law.
XX I.
MARRIAGE SETTLEMENTS.
In royal iivo. price 11. 4s. boards,
A PitActicAs. TIIT.ATISE of the LAW of MARMACI and other
FAMILY SETTLEMLNTS. By Edmond Gibson Miserly, Esq. Bar-
rister at Law.

XXII.
In three vols. royal Bvo. price W. ss. in boards,
It►.rosrs of CASKS Aecuzo hnd DETERMINZD in the COMM? of
Eickevuues. By Alex. Anstruther, Esq.
XXIII.
_ _

In royal Bvo. price 16s. in boards,
The NATVRZ and PRACTIC6 of Ram. ACTIONS in their Wmrs
and PaocEssts, both Original and Judicial. By George Booth,
Esq, Second Edition, Corrected, with Notes of the late Ser-
j.ant IliU. XXIV.
BUTLER'S WORKS.
In five vols. Sivo. price W. 10s. boards,
The Pitn.•Looscm. and BIOGILATHICAL Woaas of CHARM
Buxtal, Esq. of Lincoln's Inn, comprising the Hors Biblicit,
•he History of the Germanic Empire, the Here JurMicas Sub-
sera's, his Lives of Eminent Persons, his History of the Confes-
sion of Fads, and of cbc Cburcb of France, and various Essay&

NEW LAW BOOKS,
(Ix contiartation),
Published by J. and W. T. o..tacit (bare W. Clete and Sens),
Law Booksellers, Portugalmreet, Lincoln's Inn.
XXV.
In royal Bvo. price 105. 6d. boards.
An Amax= of Feamis on Rotaunates and Dams& By
IL IL Come, Esq.
XXVI.
In royal Bvo. price 11. Is. boards,
A Taw= on the LAW of Nut Pews ; combining Theory
and Practice, and including the Pleadings in the several Actions.
By Anthony Hammond,
XvIL
In royal octavo, price IL Ts. boards,
An ESSAY on the LZAINING of CONTINGZOT REIWAINDEAS and
Exact:Toni Dawns. Seventh Edition. By Chas. Butler, Esq.

XXVIII.

In royal Bvo. price 11. 4s. boards.
A Manus limez to the Nut Paws Reroays • with Notes
and Additions. Second Edition. By James )lining, Esq.
XXIX.
In 4to. price U. los.
COMYRICIAL and NOTARIAL PRICERS:NTS and Foams required
in the daily Trinsaction of Business, by Merchants, Planters,
Traders, Notaries, Attornies, &c. each set of Precedents pre-
ceded by a Summary of the Law. By Joshua Montefiore.
XXX.
In a pocket volume, price Bs.
LIMITOR'S THRUMS in ENGLISH, carefully corrected.
•X X X L
BUTLER'S COKE LITTLETON.

In two vols.roialivo. closely printed, price 31. 3s. in boards.
Coxes crow Lirrirrox • or, Lord Coke's First Part of the In-
stitutes Odic Laws of England; a Commentary upon Littleton.
or Treatises on the Law of Real Property. With Notes by F.
Hargreave and C. Butler, &qrs. The Seventeenth Edition,
with additional Notes by C. Butler, Esq. To which is added a
new and comprehensive Index to the Notes.
XXXII.
In royal Bvo. price 7s. 6d. in boards,
A Moen limas of the CASILS determined in the COURT of
Ansintactv, before Sir William Scott, contained in the several
Reports of Robinson, Edwards, and Dodson. By Joshua
Greene, Esq. Barrister at Law.
XXXII!.
In royal Bvo. price 11.135. in boards, containing nearlylooo pages.
(Dedicated, by permission, to Lord Ellenbisrough).
The NEw INSTRUCTOR CLEISCALIS ; stating the Authority,
Jurisdiction, and Modern Practice of the Court of King
Bench. Ninth Edition, with very considerable Additions. By
John lmpey, of the Inner Temple.
XXXIV.
In royal Bvo price 11.8$. in boards, containing nearly 900 pages,
(Dedicated, by permission, to Sir Vicary Gibbs),
The New hareems& CLERICAL Is • stating the Authority,
Jurisdiction, and Modern Practice of the Court of Common
Pleas. Sixth edition,' corrected; with very considerable Altera-
tions and Additions. By John Impey.
XXX\ .•
In royal Bvo. price 11. 4s. in boards, (Dedicated, by permission,

to Lord EllenbOiough), - -
The Pearl-ice of the Ornci of Smitatrr and Uxots-Satzatrr ;
also the Practice of the Office of Coroner; with Appendixes of
useful Precedents. Fourth edition. with considerable Altera-
tions and Improvements. By John Impey.
XXXVI. •
In royal Bvo. price 1/. in boards, (Dedicated, by permission, to

-
Lord Ellenh-orough); -
The Montle PLZADI.II; calculated (or the Office of Attorney.
The second edition, with great Additions. By John Impey.
XXXVII.

In Bvo. price 12s. boards,
The Complete Comm KEEPER; or, Land Steward's Avsistant ;
with the Manner of holding Courts, Power of the Lord, Privi-
leges of the Tenants, Surveys of Manors, with Precedents, &c.
By Gilea Jacob. Eighth edition.
XXXVIIL
In Bvo. price 18s. boards.
A DISSERTATION upon the DisrrwrioNs in SOCIETY and RANES
of the PEOPLE under the ANGI.O-S.IXON GOVERNMENTS. By Sa-
muel Heywood, Serjeant at Law.
XXXIX.
In two vols. royal Bvo. price a 16s. boards.
An Ammons:as of the LAw of Niu rams. Fifth Editior,
with Additions. By Wm. Selwyn, Esq.
X L.

In royal Svo. Part 1. and 11. price U. as.
Suorraan's TOCCHSTONE of COMMON ASSTILANI:FS, with Notes.
By Richard Preston, Esq.
X I. T.
In royal Bvo.
•
ELEMENTS of the SCIENCE of CONVEYANCING. Second Edition,
with great Additions. By Charles Barton, Esq.

Xl,ll.
In Bvo. price 10s. ed. boards.
CHARGES delivered to Guar') J um,. By Edw. Christian,F.K.
XLIII.
PRESTON ON F.STATF.S.
In royal Bvo. Part 111. price 12s.
An ELEMENTARY TREATISE on ESTATES. By Rielhard Pms-
ton, Eaq. To be completed in Six Parts.
XLIV..
• In Bvo. price .Is. 6d.
A Irma on the Orrice of MASTER in CHANCERY, ice. By
Ftalleis Paul Stratford, Esq.
X LV.
In royal aro. price 12s.
A DIGESTED Nora to the CROWN LAW, comprehending all
the Points relating to Criminal Matters. Second Edition, en-
larged. By 11. N. Tomlins, Esq.
XLVI.

In Bro. price is. 6d. boards.
A PRACTICAL TREATISE on Lire Aziicrrirs, with the Acts
and adjudged Cases. By F. Blaney, Esq.
X I. 11.
In a pocket volume, price 6s.
The BARRISTER ; or, Strictures on the Education proper for
the Bar. By T. Ruggles, Esq.
}UNITE.
In a pocket volume, price Ss. boards,
PRINCIPIA LEG'S ET AF.4I.ITATIS ; being as Alphabetical Col-
lection of Maxims, Principles, or Rules, Definitions, and me-
morable Sayings, hr Law and Equity. Third Edition, with
Additions. By F. Branche, Esq.
This Work contains more Law and more useful Matter than
any one book of the same size which can be put into the hands
of the Student.—See l'reston on Abstracts, vol. 1, p. 214.

XLIX. .
In royal Bvo. price 1/. Is. boards, vol. I.
REPORTS in the K. U. and other Court*, by the Right Hon.
Lord Kenyon ; prepared for the Press by J. W. Haunter, Esq.

In two volumes Bvo. price 1/. 4s.
The I.trz of FEANCI3 Ncavil (Lord Guilford), Lord Keeper
of the Grem Seal, wherein are inserted the Characters of Hale,
Jeffries, Jenkins, Godolphin, and other lawyers.
L I.
In royal Bvo. price 18s.
A PRACTICAL Taurus of the LAW of Down. By J. J.
Park, Esq. LI I.
In octavo, price ss.
A PRACTICAL TREATISE on the STATUTES for RECISTERESQ
DEEDS and other INSTRUMENTS. By John Wilson.
LIII.
In octavo, price 9s. boards.
A SUCCINCT View of the Law of Moivcaers, with Prece-
dents. By E. C. Wilmot, Esq. Second Edition, corrected.
LTV.
In octavo, price 12s. In boards.
An ESSAY on the Law of DESCENTS, with the Distribution of
the Personal Effnts of Intestates. By Charles Watkins, Esq.
Third Edition, with Notes, by IL S. Vidal, Esq.
LV.

In octavo, price 12s. in !Wards.
The PaucnLas of Cuiivrraticuro, designed for the Use of
Students. By Charles Watkins, Esq. Third Edition, with Ad-
ditions, by Richard Preston, Esq.
LVI.

In royal 800. price 16s. boards.
The ELIDIZNTS of Pz.a&s in Daum, with Precedents. By
John Seamus, Esq. LVII.
In two volumes Bvo. price it. 13s.
The PILSEN! PILACTICZ and Costs in Quieter. By S.
Turner. Fifth Edkion, by IL Venables, Esq.
LVIII.
In 8,0. price 3s. 6d. boards.
Au Brno= of the Paungs in CiUNCUT. By S. Turher,Beq•

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1821.
VIE FUNDS.
PRICK OP STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK :
Bank Stock 222 223 22214
3 per Cent. Reduced 69% 5/8
3 per Cent. Cons. ex. div. 691/8
SI per Cent. 78% 5/8 Y 8 5/8-4 per Cent. 871/2
5 per Cent. Navy ez. div. 103% 7/8 %
Long Annuities 18 1-16
India Bonds 335. pre.
Exchequer Bills 4s. ss. pre.
Cons. for Acct. 7054 16.

On Tuesday, at three o'clock, a. Cabinet Council
was held at the Foreign Office, which was attended
by all the Cabinet Ministers. The Council was an
unusually long time occupied in discussion, having
continued to sit till half-past six. The discussion is
said to have related to an alteration in the Ministry ;
and a report was current at the west end of the town
yesterday, that two of the principal Members of the
Cabinet purposed to tender their resignations. It is
certain, that immediately after the breaking up of the
Council, the F.Arl of LIVERPOOL and Lord CASTLE-
REAGH had a long private conference: and yesterday
morning their Lordships set of togetherfor Brighton,
from Lord CAsTLEamcx's house, St. James's-square.

The affairs of the Continent become every day
more perplexing. According to the accounts pub-
lished under the censorship of the Holy Allime, the
Allied Sovereigns, particularly the EMPEROR of
Russia, has nothing farther from his intention than
the compelling of Independent States to continue to
maintain a Despotic Government: on the contrary,
his IMPERIAL MAJESTY will be well pleased to see
regular Representative systems established; but their
establishment must net be accompanied with any
seditious movement—that is, the Military must not
be employed in effecting the changes, whatever they
may- be. According to the defenders of the Con-
gress at Troppau—" nothing will be done by the
Allied Sovereigns, but in pursuance of existing trea-
ties, which oblige the Powers to maintain the order
of things which they have guaranteed." But are the
Powers and the Nations against whom these con-
tracting Potentates propose to act, consenting parties
to the said engagements fee the maintenance of what
they call " order?" If not, the doctrine amounts to
this—that-any half dozen of unprincipled individuals
Tay swear among themselves to rob or murder every
man by whose virtues they feel themselves reproached;
and then, as an excuse for each successive crime, may
plead the wicked oaths under which they have bound
themselves to its perpetration! Iniquitous_ treaties,
like unlawful oaths, can bind none to a breach of
their original and fundamental duties. The apology
is but an addition of fraud to violence.

The world has already seen the powers which these
Sovereigns have assumed in pursuance of the Treaties
of which they speak, and on which they act, in the
commands laid upon the KING of NAPLES to proceed
to Laybach ! It was thought by many that the Nea-
politan Sovereign was fixed upon for this experiment,
as having his territories most exposed to the-paternal
discipline of the Holy Allies, and that probably they
would be slow to extend their interference to the in-
ternal affairs of any other Kingdom ; bin intelligence
received this day from the Continent shews, that these
good Sovereigns mean to be impartial in the distri-
bution of their favours. The KING of SPAIN has also
been summoned to appear at Laybach. The follow-
ing are the accounts :

‘, IRUN, JANUARY 8.

" After an extraordinary courier had passed this
morning through this place, on his way to Paris and
thence to Vienna, a report spread that King Fer-
dinand, our Sovereign, has, as Well as the King of

Naples, been invited to repair to
Laybach ; and the 9th January wat
the Ministers and the Permanent Depul
Cortes for deliberating on this
betters from Madrid, which we
received, express indeed a presentiment
The writers give it, at the same time,
that the demand will not be complied
" MADRID,
" I wrote you in haste, to info,
Cortes are summoned for Tuesda•
month, for the purpose of taking
an invitation sent, in the name of
reigns, to his Majesty Ferdinand ST
sonally to the Congress. This news
the liveliest sensation. If his Majf:
by the Cortes to leave the Kingdom,
will embark at Barcelona."

Will FERDINAND be permitted
mands laid upon him by the Holy
many considerations which induce
contrary. When BoNAPARTF: gOI
MAJESTY'S person, it was but. too
the latter had not fortitude sullici(
pliance with any of his mandate.
NAND, as sodh as he found himself posse:
so abused it by persecuting the yr
their blood in his cause, that it re,
bour, toil, and suffering, before the
pel him to acknm% ledge the Consr
been established by those who save.
that with the concurrence of his prii
land; and latterly—since he did swi
new Constitution L—we have seen v
excited in Spain by his quitting 31,
his abode at a country residence, and
not be restored until he returned tr

With all these facts before us, and
rience of the motives of action amoni
no hesitation in coming to the c(
Cortes will not permit the KING
the kind invitation of his brother
What, then, must be the result ? Sh(
in their impudent interference in
of other kingdoms, Europe, and, esi
ing Dynasties, have terrible scenes
revolutionized kingdoms must ma,
with each other, and they will hat
good wishes of the subjects of every
promised Representative Government
reigns, but who have hitherto been
wisher—of w;iat avail can they ,
successes which attended the revolt
France in consequence of the good
very people who have been since
at the final overthrow of the
in Europe ! Both of these result
and powerful influence f the p.
People of Europe. The wishes and
kind, however despised by ty:
tually, produce moral and physic.
all the power of all the despots
render abortive.
The Paris Papers of Monday arri'
The trial before the Court of .
the disturbances in the month of
stated. Celia, Croutelle, Cailktetta,
Beret, Loutreil, and Bietry, have
The Members of the Jury human(
tion among themselves for the
whose case was one of peculiar hard
persons who have been found gui!'
majority of !even to five, are Fayolle
the Jury find at the same time that ,
part of a seditious assemblage, they
it on the firtt intimation from the j
ties, and were arrested at a distance
of commotion. They have, in conseqt
condemned to be placed under the
the High Police: Fayolle for ten
for five years; to find security for
viour, the former in 3000 francs,
500 ; and to pay expenses.
Accounts in these Papers from
some new political commotions
both at Oviedo and Saragossa. A
viduals were on the night
among them the Marchioness of LA,
Captain-General of Arragon under
men; and father of the celebrated
Canons, and several minor Ecclesiastic
lity was restored, happily without
General RIEGO arrived on the
into which hi made his entry
corated with laurels, escorted by the
rison and the National Militia.•
to the Plaza Mayer, where, state
Constitutional Pillar, he pronounced
which produced a strong impressioi
The inhabitants gave him a grand
ment at the Theatre. He proceeded .
ragossa, to assume the Government of Arragel
the Clubs, that have just been suppressed, "
found a number of foreigners; particularly Ept
and French. 1

New York Papers arrived this morning to
11th of December: the following are extracts:

ST. DOMINGO.

Extract of a letter from Cape Henry, Nov.l'
" I inclose you Papers to the 29th ult.--,the vg
passing here will be found interesting ; at the
time I must mention to you, that it is expected►
Government will, in the course of next year! 24

ri,
of
G

:0 the Covet. '• .it
as the day fik . ti
Deputation of . ci
important übject.• . n 4
have this tom, .. T
timent of this k, a
ne, as the;repiti3 a
plied with."
i II;
ID, JANILigi i-. g
dorm you tilt i
ay, the gth it . , fc
into cousidtmit I •
IF
I the Al; s•., at
VII. to repair le . u
sews has prodzi •: n
test„ is authtti, ' i
no, is is pmliabil; . p
ito obey the err • al
. Allies? Tteret .• II
T us to believerti
it po,sestion oi.!,
... 01
,0 well inuve,k,
.4 er
:scut to reftve
.' el
!:. Again: ET:,
'possessed of vv.!
very men who i, w
eq aired yens nil •
..v
Le nation could tot •Ts
stitution vLinc.i,L
' P
ed his kingdoet, i : P
rinci pal Ally—E. g
Ve tr to maintiz:: vg
v•hat an alarm 0 b,
Madrid, to tote;:., S
and that quiet ce 4
to his capital ~
tc
and all our . • tl
mong men, lido it,
conclusion that a.. d
3of SPAIN to at .. 7
other Monad* Ili
Should they Fee sc
1 the internal aia se
especially, 'befell ' "re
es in prospect. 11 arl
sake commonse to
save with them ti A,
ery State whose of
nents by their Seu G
en deceived. “Cel B
rbe ? Look xi, Is:
rolutionary arms t . es
(rood wishes tin th
see duped ! IA ' th
French decpui
sited from the
got;rl ratio of i: 1i..,
Ld affections of ma ;
ants, always, no . n
ical engines, shit tl
upon earth vest- el
P
rrived this Ramon tl
in
' Assizes resyeaS te
of June, has tae • a
cu, Caro, Avis 'du
we been acquit
al
nely made a ceih 0
benefit of Rat 1
ardship. Thetd sl♦.
silty, and thatty ti
,olle and Aderw;a a
t though they ea ,
hey withdrew fa c
the proper Ole ' I'
nce from the's.. 2
sequence, only i t 1
the surveil's* h
1 years, and Ale 1-,
or their good la ti
et ate, 1
lIS PhAthSaoapnvfadel
number
h e—e broken 22 9
at e 11
0: : .
heci:
LAZA N, Wife ei I ils
er the late Goan 4,
ed PALAFO%; 1( II
siastics. Taal' 61
i!.... I,
t any loss day
e 30th at gall
in ' a carriage ' 6
the military jai ,
He was C°ndg . • '
ttioned near to , •
unced a discos .
ion upon the Perri
I ball and enters:i
ded next day to.. 1
tnt of Arragen. . 1

measures that will have a tendency to curtail Ame-
rican commerce, that is, to prevent vessels from
coming to this Island from any State or place where
negroes and, people of colour are held in slavery.—
The prisons have all been thrown open, and more
than 4,000 poor devils have been liberated. It is
shocking to relate their miserable condition; some
have had their backs broken by bastinadoing. The
soldiers are all to have double pay. General Romaiss
will be President. Forty millions of dollars were
found in the citadel, and a goad deal of it is to be put
into circulation. The Queen, Prince, and Princesses,
are in town; they did not save more than what was
upon their backs. There are also several Chiefs who
stuck to the King, but it seems they have but a poor
chance to save their lives. I consider myself and
property safe."
LI./ ABLE ARAI VA r..—The Revenue cutter, Alert,
arrived at New York on the 10th December, with
upwards of 400,000 dollars in specie, from the Bri-
tish 46-gun frigate Spartan, which vessel is arrived
off Sandy Hook : she sailed from Port Royal, Ja-
maica, 26th October, and from Havannah 19th No-
vember ; she proceeds hence to England.

&Ickes from Buenos Ayres to the 19th of October
were received yesterday, by way of Bourdeaux. The
violent deposition of Itootticuez from the Govern-
ment of the Province, by the members of the Federal
party, was followed in a few days by his return to
power. His expulsion took place on the Ist ; but
gaining courage from learning that the City Militia
were not unanimous in the support of his enemies,
he placed himself at the head of 600 Cavalry of the
Southern Militia, and took post near the city on the
4th, where a negociation was entered into, in order
to avoid the effusion of blood. Finding, however,
that his opponents would not listen to reasonable
tzrms, he obtained possession, by force, of the Plaza
de la Victoria, and subsequently of the whole town.
This was not effected, however, without a severe con-
flict, and the loss of many lives. RODRIGUEZ re•as-
sumed his power on the 6th, and on the same night
several of the leaders of the opposite party were ar-
' rested. A Captain of the Civic Guard, named Salo-
mon, was shot ; as was also a Spaniard, one of the.
mutineers of the Trinidad transport. Up to the pe-
nod of the present advices, RODRIGUEZ continued in
office, and his government was gaining popularity.
General DORREGO was at Areco, thirty leagaes from
Buenos Ayres, at the head of the regular troops, and
had not interfered either in the deposition or the re-
establishment of Rot:attune-a. The convocation of
the General Congress was urgently demanded by all
the Provinces.

Yesterday, a Meeting was held at the Mansion-
House, at which many of the most considerable
Merchants, Bankers, Traders, and Members of great
Public Bodies (including several Members of Parlia-
ment), were present, for the purpose of considering
the propriety of calling a Public Meeting of Mer-
chants, &c. upon the subject of the late Declaration,
professing loyalty to the KING, and purporting to be
the Declaration of the Mercantile Body. The Gentle-
men present determinel to request the Loan MAYOR
to preside at the intended Meeting ; and it is the de-
sign of those who are to take a principal part in the
discussion, to propose a Resolution with reference to
the late Meeting, to which they received no invitation,
and which, in fact, was got up without the knowledge
of the great mass of the Citizens of Loadon
The proposition being submitted to the LORD-
bIAYOR, his Lordship immediately consented to take
the Chair, and offered the Egyptian Hall for the
accommodation of the Meeting, which will be held
on Wednesday next.
It will be seen by the Advertisement in a preceding
column, that Alderman Cuitirts is to preside at a
Public Dinner at the City of London Tavern, on the
29th instant, in honour of his MAJESTY'S Accession
to the Throne.

Her MAJESTY has been some time in treaty, and
has at length concluded the treaty, for Marlborough
House—a mansion not unbecoming her exalted sta-
tion and -high birth, and situated between Calton
House and St. James's Palace; contiguous to both.
Let all England look to this important transaction.
Her MAJESTY has been accused of being a woman
capable of indulging in sinful propensities—nay,
even given to indelicate and shameful habits. And
how does she reply to these foul and infamous
charges? By boldly placing herself in the midst of
her enemies—by exposing her whole life to their ob-
servation.—gg Here I am', she says, or seems to say,
" in the midst of you : watch, observe, spy all my
" ways; I know no guilt, and therefore I practice no
" concealment. Am I the creature that you have
" represented me to be ? I have put myself under
" your surveillance. My house, its doors, its win-
" dotes are open to you : your spies may now sur-
round me with ease: 1 shall be subject to their in-
spection and yours, every hour: let them report,
" and do you remark, my life and conduct."—The
agreement for Marlborough House was executed by
Alderman WOOD with the Duke's trustees on Tuesday.
We understand that the embellishments to the
Mu, Mow* Magazine will, in future, be of a very
superior order. The next Portrait will be that of
Sir HUMPHEY DAVY, accompanied by a Memoir of
his Life, Scientific Di,coveries, Ecc.
The Literary Gazette of Saturday, No. 209, will
contain (together with a View of the Castle as it
existed at the period) a Review of, and copious Ex-
tracts from, the Romance of Kenilworth; Hutchin-
son on Tic Douloureux ; unpublished Jacobite Relics;
Account of very remarkable Fossil Remains found at
Ilford, in Essex; original Poetry, by distinguished
Writers; Wine and 'Walnuts; a Cockney Grey-
beard's View of London in the last Century ; curious
Ahimals described at the Meeting of the Linnzan
c •
;°clety on Tuesday ; Reviews, Fine Arts, Drama,
'‘Arieties, &c. Etc. kc.
