Clain FICATItS.-11ifteu

T. Jepson, Heaton- Norris, Lancashire, brewer. J. Righton,
Bristol, haberdasher. T. Weeks, Southampton, upholsterer. C.
Gibbs, Ecclesiiall, Staffordshire, grocer.. It. Greechkad,• Bristol,
dealer. W. and T. Kelsey, Iteckdyie, Nottinghamshire, temp
and flax-dealers. H. (hies, Chelmsford, linen•draper.

DISSOLUTIONS OF PARTNERSHIPS. .
Cattley and Co. York, slate-merchants: T. and J. Youil, Leeds,
black-beer-brewers. Day and Barlow, Birmingham, j
J. and T. Rees, Atrigate Utz/a-street, ches:!sciliongers. Lovesy and
('road, Cheltenham, attornirs. Goss and Co. West Teigninuuth,
Devon, merchants. Mead and Co. Castle.street,'Long-acre, up--
holsterers. Page and Thomson, liezent-street, fishmongers. Par-
khrson and Co. Sheffield, merchants. Blake and Co. Sheffield,
merchants. Price 'and 'Aioore, Birmingham, jewellers.- Feiron
and Parkes, Birmingham, glass-cutters. Darke and Carded, St.
;'plumb, Cornwall, linen.dr.apers. Osmond and Clark, St. Alban's,
cattle-salesmen. -HildyartY and Langton, New. Windsor, woollen-
drapers. Wettings and ropier, Siirew.bury, tailors. Chanter and
Perrin, Plymouth. Thomason and Junes, Birmingham, jewellers.

Such is the effect •f perseverance and industry in
the science of Medicine, that great 'rumbers, many of whom had
lingered under the most painful and obstinate disorders, who
were pro.tounced incurable by respectable practioners, and several
discharged from 11:,spitals, have bee: restored to per:ect health by
the celebrated Dr. EADY, wan, after a long and laborious pt.!c-
tice, is enabled to remove the nnist obstinate Vent real Cum-dant...4,
however lout and deeply fixed in the lhabit.—Eruptions, Pains in
the Limbs, obstinate Glects, Dinmess of Sight, Nodes on the shin-
boars, Ulceration, and Sure Tnroats, are among the symptoms
ari.ing out of improper tre ninon, and which without timely as-
sistance prove tatal. Tie Doctor is consulted daily by patients of
both sexes, at 33, Dean-street, SA°, and 1, ilatheld•strtet,
turd-street, lilackfriars and Waterloo lloads, by persons from, every
part o: the country, and by Letter (if post paid) er:losing ave.

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.
We have received Cape Town papers and letters to
the '26th -December, from which it appears that the set •
tiers are, for a time; relieved from one of the scourges
With which they.kave beim afflicted, the Caffres having
been quieted by a "successful expedition whi.;ll has been
directed against them, and which, in the true t{n.meric
style, killed the men and carried off the cattle. The
Cape Government Paper says, it is probable the settlers
will now, for a time be enabled to pursue their aer:cul.
tura] operations " without interruption."
:"
By-the last Mail f11>:71. To:tniken
iT:t)tul
tr aery: Dt
hrec. 2, 3.
,10iping:2tant
intelligence was received of an attack which hii Excel-
lency the Governor had directed to be made on the
Caffres, having been crowned with complete success.
"It appears that Major arnerset, the Care Corps,
commanding on the frontier, assembled at the Riet river
on the 3.1. inst. the two squadrons of cavalry of the
Cape corps, 100 mounted burghers fri,ra G:aat Reyeata
under Commandant Van Wyk, an.l LK) -moun•el
biarghers from Albany, under Cominandant Porant.--
This force moved off at sewn, P.m. of hursday, the
4th,-to attack M.Conio's Kraal, hitherto considere I al-
most inaccessible. Captain Aitche,on, with 100 Men
.of the Cape Infantry, joined the forces at twelve at
night. Having passed the ford te. the Kat River, they
commenced climbing the stupendous Kaffenberg moun-
tain, and gained its summit at thy-break on the sth.--.
Major:Somerset, having here collected his force, plAsed
with celerity-along the ridge, and at day:light had the
satisfaction of pouring into the cenue of MiComo's
Kraal, with-a rapidity that at once astonished and Com-
pletely oeerset the .Caffres.. A few • ssagays were
thrown, but the attack was made with so much vigour,
that little resistance coeild be offered. As many Caffres
having been destroyed as it was Akt6iight would evince
our super ion ity and power, 'Major Somerset stopped the
slatieuer, and secured the cattle, to the amount of
7,00 t) he;,..4 and had them driven to Fort Beaufort,
where ktaals had previou-de been prepared to receive
them. The force returned to Fort Beautor t on the evening
of the sth, after having been 22 hours on horseback, is
Lan extremely hot day, without water ; but, we are happy
to add, without a single accident or casualty.
" In the night of ,S itarday, the 6th, Major Somerset
proceeded with his force to the Chunire, toying previ-
ously summoned M'Corno to meet him on the follow•
ing day. After several frivolous excuses for not attend.
ing, Major Somerset as,,ured him of immediate-destruc.
tion to himself and his people, unless he appeared,
when lie came and gave the strongest assurari. es that
he would give up • all deserters be could find, and
owned that his people had merited the punishment they
had received. •

" Major Somerset, finding that he •was completely
subdued, and sincerely penitent, promised hint any stir.
plus of cattle, after every settler and inhabitant had
been completely indemnified for cattle they had lost, in
order to sale the women and children of his people
from want. This has since been done, and has evinced
to the Caffres the liberality and moderation of the Bri-
tish Government. Congo and T'Sambie have subse-
quently also sent to assure Major Scrrier-ef of their al-'
legiance and good faith, and have entreated him to
convey his wishes to them, and, they IA i:1 conform to
them. Congo has also sent, in 10) head of stolen cattle,
and has further promised to send all he can c'illect.
• " Major Somerset• speaks in the highest terms of
praise of:the conduct of every Officer and maa under
his command, as well as of the good will and activity
of the Burgher force.
4, These operations baize been so deci,ive and com-
plete, that it is reasonable to entertain sanguine expec-
tations that the best re,ults will ensue; and that the
Frontier Districts will for a long period enjoy a tran-
quillity that'will enasle .the inhabitants to pursue their
azrieultural labours will:0ot apprcheivion."

The following Address is extracte.l from a pornphlet
now publishing by the Committee for the reli4 of the
Settlers at the Cape of Good !lope
" Among the numerous objects which have from time to time
called forth the benevolence of the British Public, none have pre-
sented stronger claims to their compassionate consieeration than
those now submitted by the Committee on behalf of the unfortunate
and destitute emigrants to the New Colony at the Cape of Good
Hope. The hearts of Englishmen are ever alive to the distresses of
their fellow-creatures 'however distant their nation, however far '
removed front themselves in langttaee, in habits, in religion ; how
much more readily then will this generous sympathy be extended
towards an unfortunate portion of their fellow-countrymen, suffer•
ing tinder the accumulated misery of unrewarded industry. ex-
hausted
means, and disappointed hopes, expending their fruitless
labour on en ungrateful soil, and expesed to the incursions and
predations of an insidious and implacable enemy. Their cries or
di ;tress have been long heard "by their more prosperous country
men at the other extremity of the Cape Peninsula, and they have
not beets heard in vain. A Society wits formed at Cape Town in
1820, for the purpose of affording relief as far as their means would
extend. The utmost efforts, however, of this Society appear to
hive been totally inadequate to the constantly ircreasing calls on
their humanity, for the recurrence of continued failures in the har-
vests, the frequent loss of cattle, and the recent calamity of an inun-
dation, has involved a large portion of a poeulation amounting to
about 5,000 persons in One common lot el hopeless hits.
" To represent in detail the miseties which these ill-fated settler,
have endured, and are now enduring, may in this address be
deemed superfluous ; they are feeliagly pourt rayed in the Report of
the Cape Towle Committee, and in the elo itient speech of Dr.
Philip on the occasion of presenting th:t Report, from the
following passage is extracted :—' You may see -the • fingers which
only moved to paint for the rye, or to charm the ear, now tying
up cattle, or stopping the gap of their,inclosure—females on whom,
in England, the wind :vas scarcely allowed to blow, exposed to sll
the rage of the pitiless storm—mothers with large feiniiies wh3
used to have a servant for each child, without an individual- to
assist them in the drudgery of the • house, the Iz:bolas of the driry,
or the care of• the children—families who formerly used to lei•p
on down, with scarcely a-sufficient number of board,, or enough
straw to keep them •from an earthen floor—young females, le s-
tested of every accomplishment, reduced to feed a few cows, per-
haps the sole dependence of the family—men who have had the
rank of Captains and Paymasters of the Army, &ivies waegenss
without shoes or stockings.'
" To this,picture.of extreme misery need only be added a con-
cluaing portion of an address of Sir Richaid Ottley, made on the
same occasion, ' lteport has-brought to our notice instances -
of persons in a state of destitution, aid who are literally deprived
or all means of support, save th.su which are atlorded by one sub..
scriptiees. We must then, renew our efforts, we must give all we
chn afford, and having done so, we may rei;;:est ethers to come fct.
ward also, aad whenevet such an appeal hes been niade to the bouts
of the English people, that appeal has seldom hefts inade in vegia."
" The Committee, its conclusion, fed aestred that the mamma
cation of these well aulhoaticated facts, will nor fidl to promote
such a measure of phblic munificence as may enable them to mitt-
gate efUctually the severe distress of the objects on whose behalf .
they now most earnestly pleadsl •

. 4

, , -P, ..=

• PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OP LORDS, MARCH 9.
This morning the Loan Dtrwrr sat for the furtherance of Ap.
gab, which couch:mil Croat= fichsk.tiUbaltvot
'lrTim, e7Reirrlcm-frani threofftte Seeley% was Armen with

a!!'.so in costs; and the tCpellaat was•heard in person.
-In another, cause. on the same side, the same appellant declined
to plod. arid the judgntent of the Court of *Won was affirmed
with £5O coats. . ' s‘• • • •
Judgment in tlie-appeal " Prater v. Maitland," also from the
Court of • Sessioni was likewise affirmed. With 4100 costs to the ap-
pellant =At five o'clock tie nosy Coseocer.t.oft entered the House.
Mr. Haim:man, Lcal .Itivreece,. Mr. lit.a,cmanaii, Mr. S. Woter-
isr, and others, brought. lip the 'South American Postage Bill, and
three Ptieate BUD, which were afterwards reads first time.
Mt. MAsoiA, from the East India House, presented at the Bar
the Monthly Returns of Salaries, Pensions, and Gratuities, granted
by the Court.. . .
The Bishop of LONDON presented a Petition from the Inha-
bitants of the Parish of Mary-la-benne, praying theft.: Lordships to
enact some' measure for the suppression of the cruel sport of Bear-
baiting.—Read, and laid upon the table of the House. • •
The Marquis of LA NS DOWN presented three Petitions from
Devises, Caine, and Chippenham ; the inhabitants of which prayed
for the abolition of slavery in the. West Indies, and offered to sub-
scribe sums towards it.—Read, and laid upon she table.
Lord HOLLAND postponed his remarlo on the Austrian Loan
Convention Bill till Thursday next.
Upon the motion of the Earl of Snortrssuity, the Revenue
Commissionets' Inquiry Bill passed through a Committee, and was
reported without amendments.
The Annual Indemnity and the Irish Church Rates Bills were
respectively read a second time,
The Earl of LIVERPOOL! (thp Order of tit k Day, uron which
their Lordships bad been summoned, being read) said that be had
risen, in consequence of the notice he had ;Om to move fur a
Select Committee to be appointed from among their Lordships to
inquire into the nature ind duties of Clerk of Parliament. Iu doing
this, he did nut intend to trouble their Lordships with any particu-
hr remarks on the subject, as be apprehended there existed a ge-
neral understanding that the inquiry would be gone Into; both with,
regard to the business at the table of the House, and olio with re-
gard to the business before Committees, is order to arcertainothe
properest mode of regulating the duties which were assigned.. Of
this be was sure, that Noble Lords would go not .only most .disk
passionately but impartially into the proposed inquiry, and with the
desire of doing strict justice to all the partiessoncerned in it. He
would, however, not detain their Lordships, but ,conclude with
moving for the appointment of a Select Committee of their Lord.'
ships to inquire into the Office of Clerk of Parliament, who should
report their opinion to the House.
Earl GROSVENOR was happy to find that great savings were
likely to accrue to the Public from the deaths 'of Gentlemen (fee
whom, however, he had great respect) who at present held official
situations. Such had already been the case in the instance of the'
Deputy Itemembrancer of the Exchequer; and he therefore did
hope, that a smilar regulation would be adopted in the case now
brought before the Ho:4e. Ile had pressed, from t;aste to time]
ler inquiry as to other offices; and among these that of Lord Just.
tics General of Scotland, which the Noble Earl opposite had pro.
nosed should not be filled up. •
The Earl of LIVERPOOL here reminded their Lordshipe,'
that, the Law for Abolition of Offices gave it in discretion to the
Lords COmmisiioners of his Majesty's Treasury, on a vacancy, to
regulate alt beanies the office so devolving to their care. With re-
spect to the office of. Ihmembraneer. of the Exchequer, he-had to
repeat what he formerly had eiplained to the 'House, that the
Treasury Commissioners had appointed a Gentleman to execute
ttie duties of it, who dischargeit the Same without.any. salary what-
ever. It remained for him only to restate his motion far, the op-
poiniment of a Committee of Inquiry as to One partteutu* office.
The question was accordingly put, when the Noble Earl's mo-
dem was egreo to.
' Among the Peers nominated were, the Earl of Suortrzseav, the
Earl of ,Wssenoestsve, thq,,Ber) of Latmoues LK the Earl of 14-
vlmeaor, the Earl oT Hanuenver, the Marquis of LIIINSWAVii, Lord
Reesse.tix, Lord Ilicusr, fits. &c.
•
A POtLiAili-ieftitincilos. • .
• Loid-CALTHORPE-laid; that; lie could' not suffer
this tilipaitingtr t 6 .o.capis him 'without' just Making,
some reinarks on the manner in which their 'Lordships
had.deterinined io hear Appeals at the Bar. The Inca-
lore was*ceniured much; ft 'Was condemned whereso-
ever it Was spoken-of ; nor had he heard One argi.ament.
in defence of it, exceptingstheargnment of ifi expedi-
ency. The proceeding was altogether firost antirinie
and the first anomaly was,theis4iing:of a CnminisSion.
to authorise legal proceedings in that House during the
personal absence of the proper.dtiilge of, the "highest,
tribunal in the State, whilst an inferioEdudge,st in that,
House when the highest authority (fln Lord chadeellory
was absent from it. in urging this, however,.he did:not
intend to depreciate the talents of the Noble andLeatned
,Lord (Gifford) who had succeeded to so ftatteriiig an
eminence in his professional life ; but, iildeed, lie did
not think that be.at all depreciated the qualifications of
that Noble and Learned Lord when be said that he con-,
sidered the latter to be Only at present on his way to
that fUlness of information and that plenitude of expe-,
rience found in the Noble and Learned Lord upon the
'Woolsack. But, he would ask, who were the judicial'
colleagues of the new Noble and Learned Lord, whose
province it had become to preside in that HoUse pending,
the absence of the Noble and Learned Lord at present
in 'his official place? Were those colleagues Law Lords,
of were they assisted by other Lords learned in the law?
They were not lawyers in general, if ever ; nor did they
attend there every day during one given cause, but, on
the contrary, one attended diet e duting one specific day,
and another 'attended the 'next. lie was aware, in
'aking thii observation, that Noble Lords, having
heard part or any cause, might, though riot called to
attend, sit daily, if they pleased; but then, when it was
consideted how difficult it generally *was to obtain the
attendance of 'sixty Peers in one day, it could hardly be
supposed that one individual Lord would devote his en-
the-days'together to voluntary attendance in the House.
Be War persuaded that the late arrangements with ie-
'Ord to Appeals had tended to lower the judicial autllo-
racy of the Hornet and ibis topic was the more deserving
'of COnsiderationovbewit was manifest in what manner
day,after day, for the mere purpose
of atljoutoing to .the succeeding one. Besides, their
Lordships masc.:se; looking to the latter weeks of the
last. Session, that. the House, so far from disposing of
lositteit, -had been compelled by its necessary remiss-
*it*. to treat,the,ollier Monte of Parliament with appa.
refit disrespect. And to what was this species of anomaly
to'tie traced ? • It-was owing to the want of power. in
'theirLordships.to Originate Bills, which, though not
.302ortey Bills, Wete -.construed to trench upon the
.Seges of the other House.' When he said this- he
'tended no manner of disrespect to the other House of
partianieof, whose salutary authority was, he conceived;
saheh infringed by the precipitancy with which their
.1,02 fish ips were obliged, at the latter part of each :Ses.
-ties; to pass or reject-Bills coming up from the other
Mouse of Parliament, when their -Lordships had otikspi,
FOrtnnitr for deciding on-the Merits of such Bills; _while
..possessing.the power to rijeit thew, It Was perfectli
4tvielent that their Lordships were thus deprived-.of :the
treat advantages; in a representative -country, of taiking
.oleic full and adequate shate in 'the public business-4
an, employment of the noblest laud to any Citizen Of
such a State, and most beneficial to the community at
large.- He really thought•this subject bf great import.
ante, .and he Cargestly hoped that it might engage the
deep attentinkof (he ,14pcme. _
The Earl of LIVERPOOL felt' it impossible entirely
to pass over In silence that part of the Noble Lord's ob-
servation which related to the arrangements the House

• . ;
bad 4o for the better ' of its jaked4
f4oo‘. t Was not, as Noble-beftsta'arobad must re-
collOt, tit after a lobs and most ddiberate considera=
tiou:of the;sUbjeot, and upon the RePitit of* Commio
tee- most impartially met, that their Lordships h
adopted the present plan, from a feeling that they
should not do justice to the subjects of the United King-
dom, and particularly those of Scotland, if something
by way of remedy were not done. The inquiry was in
the first instance referred to a Cornmitteecompod of
persons of all parties, thohgh in this affair quite divested
of party, and it was not till after a•very long investiga-;
-lion that the remedial plan had been proposed. The,
object to be effected was justice to a very large propor-
tion of the people of the• United Kingdom, and if that
were atcomplished for the time, it was enough ; for
their Lordships would recollect that a Commission was
in fiill'aitivity, whose object was to inquire into the
Administration of Justice in Scotland, and report the
result to the House. The persons who assisted in the
inquiry were individuals of character and intelligence,
whose investigation, he hoped, would shortly be com-
pleted in a manner not unsatisfactory to the House,
when it would remain for their Lordships to consider
what future steps were proper to be taken. But the
question was, in the meantime, how their Lordships
were to be enabled to get rid of the arrear of Appeals
that pressed so heavily on them ? Of all the plans prop
posed for this purpose, the present appeared to the Se-
lect Committee the most likely one; and from the little
•experionce their Lordships had of it (for their experience
vas short),. it worked well, by doing clear justice with
as little delay in-theeperation as answered the true ends
Of it., Now as to the attendance of their Lordships in
that House, to Which the Noble Lord adverted, it was
indisputable that whetherthree or thirty Peers were pre-
sent there, the decision of their Lordships had equal ;
weight, and. was conclusive.- By one of the regulations
of their Lordships, three Peers were competent to form
a House, while in the other Houseof Parliament not-11
less than forty Members were authorised to proceed to
the bUsiness of the day; but it was not necessary there,
after the*forty Met bers had assembled, that -the same,
number should remain in attendance for the objects of;
'-legislation. With regard to the primary scope of the,
Noble Loid, he hoped, as their Lordships had adopted I
some plan for cleating off the arrear lof cases, so they
would-consent to give it a fair trial; and, under this im-
pression, he could* not come to the same conclusion as
the Noble Lord.—Lord CALTHORPE explained.
Lord HOLLAND did not ri,e in order to ptolong
'the discus'sion, but after what had, fallen from t'.:e Noble
Earl opposite he wished to address a very tew words to
'the House. He concurred hi much of the eulogy which
the Noble Earl opposite paid their Lordships' Committee
on this subject, but he happened not to have assisted at
it. When, however, he came fully to consider the plan
proposed to their 'Lordships .by the Committee, and
since adopted by the House, he-had no manner of hesi-
tation in saying that it was the most unparliamentaryl
proceeding, 'and went more' to- affect the character of
that Howse for honour and justice, than any one meas;
sure he remembered in the course of his political life.
It'-was the very first instance, he bAieved, in which
their Lordships were considered as nothing, or worse
than-nothing, laid open in all their nakedness of autho-
rity to the public gaze, and where they coo!essed they I
had been compelled to call every man by name to at-.
tend a duty that was common to all. lie (Lord Hof
land) -would affirm, that in a deliberative assembly
this House. such a measure, such an escaping from true
responsibility, was pregnant with nothing less than the
estructroo of -the Constitution. And what Were the
.reasons by which the Measure was attempted to be de-
fended? Why the argument of its advocates_ was simply
ii not, indeed a good plan, but we defy you'
to-find:a better. 7 His opinion was,-ditinctly, that What-
seer the: plan: intended were, it
.ought to have beeo
adopted legislativelf, and uot merely in pursuance of
aßesolution of the House. 'Far better had it been to
have passed a Bill entitling some Committee to sit for
hearing of: Appears, than to have adopted a system
which sapped the foundation of .the constitution of that
'House: It was usual he knew for their Lordships to
consult the opinion, in such -ca-es; of those Learned
Lords present in-the House, and generally to defer to
their authority in deciding on them ; but, its Peers of
Parliament, he must' declare that he acknowledged no
distinction of weight between Lords upon the Woolsack
and Lords upon the Benches. He did not intend: to say,
however, that in . such an arrangement with respect to
Appeals, they wail to do injustice to any party,:b.ut it
ombOldened the Public to say so. True it was, certainly?
that cases were decided by the House ; Gut how ? Oat
man was compelled to attend the hoisting of a case on
Monday, while another than was compelled to attend
the sante appeal on the Tuesday ; and in stating these
things, he spoke only as one Member of that House, in,
which he had spent the greater part of his life, and
whose honour he was jealous for. Ile hoped the House
would return to its wholesome mode of administering
justice ; hut, if otherwise, let them alter the thing openly,
have no juggle of judicature at all, or permit three per:
sons to hear what one only was to decide.
' The Earl ofHARROWIIY, in reply to the last Nohle
'Lord, urged the necessity of the present plan, upon the'
ground of the great accumulation of the AppeAsto the'
House, and AS a temporary expedient to dispose of them.
Short as the experience of the measure was, not less
than nineteen causes had already been disposed of,
which proved that the object was likely to be attained.
But the number of sitting Peers was objected to, While
every oae acquainted:with Westminster knew that three
constituted a House at any time. The only fair clues-
; ..
kAton was--tvliettfer it., 41113 • proper to resort to. means
whereby to eopipela regplar and sufficient attendance
of Peors.ou appellatodayat7 It the. duty of Noble
ILords to attend if praetioable, -on every ,day and yet
!circumstances had shewn the necessity of enforcing the
atfoildatiee of any three among them. Was not the
jiocateedings,thesanse,.excepting as to compulsion, as
;before thepresent plan? .There was absolotely- nothing
new now. • Hewould entreat theit Lordships to give a
fair-trial. and he trusted it would be given, to the pre-
sent plan,

_ .
The Earl of-DARNLEY thought that notice ought
tohave been taken of that pint of the Noble ,Baton's
speech hear' him, which related to the legislativefunc-
.tionsiAilie Howe:, He. had again and again been fore-
most. in entreating.their Lord:hips-to •clo away this sig-
-14544; ' 'He •hoped the House was not destined for
Orr io "nett and adjourn till business was not dis-
posed of at all. ~): •
.• - . ; • • .
• -
The Earl otIYARNLEY, in moving far papers, took
casion to 'obstrve-thaoe wars surprised this; the Noble
Earl-oppesist.ll44.o44ieep,cofrre,ctly ipfornioNlArupi the
first, respecting the operation of, bounties in Ireland. • •
The Earl of LIVERPOOL .wonld, not object to the

• •r-t - •
m motion but 14444 ;cue* 4Atincet
'toubtil ilid.k.rstooj. in -me assent :WOE Mot rot no
otteravtriere desired than binielf4e estgthlishment is(
;manufatatores in Ireland, which he believed would prot e
a great.. public benefit': to, that portion of-the 'United
Kingdom. With respect to all adventitious- aids; he
looked for the investiture of capital-in that country to,'
natirraL means. It were. better if trade were really in
its infancy in -that country,- to-.adopt • all remedies gra-
dually, rather than to bolster up expectation. The more
we got•rid of. unnatural 'restraints, the more, he was
persuaded the affairs of the country, as respected com-
merce, would flourish.
The Earl of LIMERICK hoped•thathis Majesty's Go-
aesoment world .reconsider the measure as it affected
the trade of Ireland. When such benefits had been- in
other ways conferred on Ireland by. England af late,- it
was proper to maturely weigh the effect of distinct acts.
The time, he trusted, was not very far distant when Ire-
land, by .the irdlue of English 'capital; woad become
not a burtben,-but an anziliary to England. .
'rue Marquis of DOWNSHIRE explained the• mis-
taken predilection of the people of Ireland for bounties,
and remarked, that those who objected to their repeal at
first now solicited it. All that was required on the part of
the people or Ireland, was to be convinced that the Eng-
lish had their good substantially at heart. He trusted
that a better day was dawning on Ireland ; and he be-
lieved with:his Noble Friend (Limerick) that she would
ultimately prove a source of prOsperity to England.
The more the attention of bis .Majesty's Government
was directed to Ireland, the greater would be the good
to both countries.

The Marquis of LANSDOWN explained.—Adj. till to-morrow
HOUSE OF COMMONS. •
Mr. Sheriff Woirrax se aßpeared at the bar,and presented a Pe-
tition frOm the Lord Mayor and Common Council of the City of
LonclOri, praying' for the Improvement of Fleet-market.—Referred
to a I!.lect Committee, and to report to the House.
Sir W. 11:C011.11Y presented a Petition from Spilsby, praying
for the 'Abolition -of Slavery in the British Colonies., •
' MARTIN presented a Petition from, the Artisans of the
Borough of Tewkebbuty, against the Combination Acts.
Mi. I•lN I)SA Y presented a Petition from the Royal Burgh of
Dundee, and anothier from the Royal Burgh of Cupar, Fife,praying
for a general .inquiry into the Salmon fishery Acts.—Ordered to
lie on the table and to he'printed.
Mr. C. DON DAS presented a Petition from the Licensed Vic-
tpallei s of the Borough of Newburgh, against the Excise Licenses.
Mr. BY NG ptescuted a similar Petition from the Licensed Vic-
tuallers of Brantford.—Licitb ordered to be printed.. •
Sir H. Pkit N ELI, presented a Petition front the Merchants and
ethers in Uublin, complaining of the existing regulations relative td
the Holyhead Steam-packeis.—Ordercd to lie on-the table..
Mr. BY G presented 'a Petition from certain Inhabitants of
Holborn and St. George the Martyr, against the Window Tax.—
Ordered to be printed.
Mr..IAM KS presented a Petition from a.Town in Lancashire
against the Duty on Probates of Wills.—Ordefed to lie on the table.
On the Motion of Colonel WA Leine, a new Writ was ordered for
the Borough of Lynn,. in the room of the late Marquis of Ttchfield.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH postponed his Motion respecting our re-
lations with the new South American States, which stood fur the
18th inst. to Friday the 26th inst. •
Petitions against Negro Slavery were 'presented from the Inha-
bitants of Marlborough, from the Inhabitants of hlarston, and two
other parishes in the County Of Nouingham.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. SYK ES moved for returns of the Amount of an Duties paid
on Blubber and Train Oil, for one year, ending the Ist of January

Sir U. BURGH presented a Petition from the Freemasons of
Carlow, praying that they should I.;e pLiced on a footing with their
brethren. of Eogland.—Ordered te. be printed.
Mr. J. salrrit presented a Petition from the Inhabitant) of
Chelsea, in f ivourpf the Dill for preventing Cruelty to Animals..

Mr. DENMA N presented a Petition7rom the Inhabitents of the
rails!' of Lambeth. agaiitst the Duty cat Coal 4. • ,
Mr. A 13EItC1t0i4 BY presented a Prtition_frose cert7in Mer-
chants, In favour of the principle oft Free. Trade., which they were
glad to perceive Ministers wertrabotat.to atIOPt butthe. Petitioners
expressed themselves sorryttoperceive that part °Eche saving to be
effected by various measures-in:progress. were to he applied to, the
building of Churches,-.-ThesePetitions wer'e ordcreilto•be printed.
Mr. MO.NCK prptented a Petition from the Silk blimpfacturers
of thi Borough of .lteading. against the repeal of the Stllt•
Sir W. I N GILBY moved far an account of the Number of Li-
censes granted to Hawkers. and Pedlars annually for the last seven
years.—Ordered. - • • • • . • 1
Lord A. El .$1 MT I.TO N. presented a Petition freesehe Noblemen,
Gentlemen, Justices pf the •Pesee, and ,F,reebotdop ,the county
,of Forfar,
.againststbe Tay Fisheries 1.3111. . . :
After a few words from Mr. C. GIULtiT anti*lKFueuson, the
Petition was ordered to be printed. • • .
Mr. I-I UME Kresented similar Petitions from e. oer ih v t and
31agistrates of 11lontroie, and from the Deacon and. Incorporated
Tradesmen of the Royal Burgh of Dundee.—These Petitions were'
°stirred to be printed. • • •
