It seemed that official etiquette forbade the seek-
ing information through the petitions of • the people ;
and that better data were the statements of official
brethren, against whose measures the petitions were directed !
Of many of those petitions FRANKLIN was the bearer;
but soon after his arrival 10001. reward was offered for his
apprehension ; and of the Melt petitioningainst STANLEY,
and Co.-we presume. Mr. O'CoNNst.L wag to be the bearer.
Alas, bow useless is experience, and bow self-love blinds
men in passing affairs! Mr. SPRING RICE would perhaps
tell us, that Ireland is not America—that O'Cow usu. is
not FRANKLIN—and that the present Cabinet is not Lord
NORTH'S Cabinet ! But a hat comparisons will the world
make ?

CITY, ONE O'CLOCE
Consols, which left off yesterday at 8011, for the Ac-
count, opened at the same price, since which they are 801,
sellers. To the present time we do not hear of any further
information from Belgium, which the public are anxiously
expecting, and which, no doubt, will be of some interest.
To the present hour the Foreign market is divested of
interest. Prices much the same as yesterday.
Consols have receded to 8011.
CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols remain heavy at 804 for the Account. In the
Foreign Market little done, except in Spanish Bonds, which
have improved.
THE KING'S COURT.

BRIGHT4IB2-4. Fes 8.
HisMAJESTY, accompanied by the Duchess of Cumin It-
LAND, took a carriage airing yesterday, for some time, along
the Cliffs, and returned to the Palace at twenty minutes past
four o'clock.
The QUEEN, accompanied by Prince GEOROE of CUM-
BERLAND, Prince GEORGE Of CAMBRIDGE, the Earl of
ERROL, the Earl of ALBEMARLE, Miss JOHNSTONE, and
a numerous suite, rode out on horseback for nearly two hours.
Her MAJESTY appeared to enjoy excellent health.
His MAJESTY, previous to his drive, gave audience to
Captain WOOLLIER.
The dinner party at the Palace included Lieutenant-Col.
MAIR, lieutenant-Colonel Jou as, the Marquis and Mar-
chioness of Bristol and family, and Lord and Lady Ram

DLUHAM.
The calls at the Palace were very numerous. The fol-
lowing had the honour of leaving their names :
Mr. A. Blackwood, Captain Shearman, Sir 0. Milner, Lieut.-Col.
Clive, Sir G. and Lady Way, Mr. and Mrs. Roper, Captain and Mrs.
Weymouth, Lady E. Harcourt, Mr. and Mrs. Wright, Mr. W. Blunt,
Mr. Sergeant Goulburn, Sir David, Lady, and Miss Scott, Sir A. and
Lady Johnstone, Lord Walpole, Sir C. Rowley, Lady Farquhar, Com-
mander Moyston, Mrs. General Dorran, and Mr. C. Doers°.
This day has been exceedingly fine ; the number of fashion-
able. about are more than usual.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Susszx still remains at
the Palace.
The present contest for the vacant Aldermanship stood
thus at two o'clock this day :—Scales, 107 ; Harvey, 77;
Majority, 30.
There is reported in the City, that a Leith smack, with
eleven persons on board, has been lost on her passage to
London.

Dzsn.—On Friday, the 4th instant, at Chester*ld,
Rowland Heathcote Hacker, Esq. late Lieut.-Colonel of the
late 91st regiment, aged 56.
tlmmeasne
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE artinirDS,_FEs..B.

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition against negro
slavery, from a place in Dometshire.
Mr. Dawvans, from the East India House, laid before their Lord.
shiradmetain correspondence relating to the China trade.
JERSEY presented a petition from Swansea, for the repeal of
the duty on see-been coal.
Lord TENTIRDEN moved that the amendments made by the
House of Camases, in the Judgment and Execution Bill, be agreed to.
—Curled.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE presented petitions for Reform in
Parliament, from the Roman Catholic inhabitants of Dungarvon, and
various other places. Also, from Galway, praying for an extension of
the elective franchise.
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented petitions from Dever, for
the:repeal of the Coal Duties.
Earl CARNARVON presented a petition from Gloucester, for a
reduction in Taxation, and for Reform in Parliament.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a petition from a place in
the County of isiblk, for an alteration on Duty on Hops and Malt,
as well as for an alteration in the Tithe System.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented a petition for Reform from
Yorkshire and other places, also for a repeal of Duty on Seaborne
Coals, from sundry parishes in London.
Lord KING presented a petition from the householders of West.
minim, for the repeal of assessed taxes, especially the house and win.
dos tax. Also a petition to the same effect hom the parish of St. Luke,
Old-street. TITHZ. . .

Lord RING having several OtisMistitioss to resent *deb the
tithe system, adverted to the discussion lost night, in wield t=t
Rev. such had abstained from maft a speeds plea of
He (Lord Khag) odd propose three Edam. rest, he wadi give the
clergy land In Rea Ode tithe. Secondly there might be a sole et tithes,
and the produce fairly divided among the doggy. Thirdly, the Gowns.mem might take the tithes, give a mods=kket fair alloSanes, to the
Clergy, and Lt the orgies go to the of the public i but the
mom benskiel thing to be dose was the aboadon of tithes, became
tithe was-esp a tax on,. The attest of poems wit* Me-
i ed ial was and the dist of was Wm.
dplayon and limitation. 'nits bad begs ash pekoe peopertdigs.
y, aid it
was mid there could be no Mimeo betwom eismitpunssandlsept.
vate people y ; bat there wen, in his opinion, a
Church property was the ....in... of the Mob— the peoperty of indivi-
duals, who had hatband adewelplases of worship at theft own ex.
pease, was private. The Cheri had held their properlvisslitse Sea-
pm. They had net the essmaes and ado* Imes. could not
go back to the miss ed Billiard U. It hod ism airs that nom
residence was mendesel by the acts or * impropriatem, and
that the Misr had set onl sodesmarodi to enbeirat re-
ddenoe,hilitanutirent pluralities. How dos did ft banal so
inc:nALtd wage bed reader the pemenage Odle Bilhops ? The
read aid* whisk effered la a men* paper. It wm
addressed to the 1% of Ifalit and Wells, and that right reverend
Prolate was Inducted his son to two livings,
besides makingalleAsehasteliffsb/ Wells. He, Lord King, did net
know that the mamma lid naiad any contradiction, nor dad he
know that the ass dile semossd prelate was a pluralist, but than
could be no disk in die Church were most extensive. With
respect to be geoid give them a plan for securing ad.
denim Only make aonmeddento a legal receipt for tithe naming
during their abloom That maid do mom to prevent the evil than my
thing the Mims add the. He rocemmemalel the right reversid
bench, in di. bill they heeded to introduce kg semmutation, or emu
position, to adept the language of Mr. Pitt, mil give up a part kr
the pins Otis whole. The noble bedshoe presented six pod:
does from filesoodershin, and mime plans, praying for reduction d
tithes.
The Bishop of BATH asti WILLS mid, the fact was his son did
bold two livings, bat these was so close together that the duty
in sacs inighr be faithfully by
_one parson. The living
liZzi
Weetcanund was not givesby hbas Mho, of Bath and of
Welt to
his an, but by that etedleat nun =Yes. He made him Chan.
cube of Wells for the beide et the Assess. He brought hie
s
from college, where he was obtakki n advantage than be could
derive from the ii4h*tbet mejoyeL He was sure that the
in which his eon leis theism wadi net exchange therthree,tma
for any other. Het tits not lord wrest reflect upon the attack
made on his modem sea with shame and some.
Led KING, is esphmodes, odd be felt whirr shame am gerreer.
He odd the. wens Omsk* die eke* and the Risk Bev. Pa-
la, adadtsed them weropismidosin
ia lbe kids d bis us. t
The Earl d RADNOR emdd bed ambit AO Illy iblyedidissers had
bee the cause of amsaseidesse.
The 11111 of LONDON did not wish to peeling dde abandon.
but as the rile Hod who limbs bet sanded to his ebeemedsee, be
wish sine what be dia He ad em my lay bnpreyebisee woe
eddy ie blies hi bat stmt k woe di* swbg le the
ems of
Isyishipi bipeepkises le Iddss may dm memo etas Am k. If
their leg mead ay 1110 IS Oh NM's. be widilitme.
mend to their Emma s book, mimes bendy s mak sipik ere„.
" gene an Ley bqpispds*Pan The 57th of
brought in far preening tie redeem of. the parocidellt. was

bltttpswas to compel residence ; but eo little power was given to the
that it turned out to be a bill which dkl DC A answer the intended
pupae. The bill was made less forcible in consideration of the
Of impropriators, and he did not think the bishops had pow
dark un-
dark es make the residence of the clergy more coostant. It was Wiper
Oh se enforce the residence of the poorer elegy whilst the richer wan
MMus' .op-residence.
the bake of WELLINGTON said, when he was in office, he had
filmy thitiv to compel the residence of ecdosisotial persons, and was
awes gid, to adopt measures for that wpm
The-W of t ARNARVON !mentalist do!
_boble lord had &wed
It was the Church at a time when that wend was conwisel, and i
that Wow had the most serious and dines& dada to dhdarge. He
bead dist a more respectable body than the elagy of the established
eau* did not exist, was no body of aft ars distiegahltal
for charity; and should that house deprive the dew of their property
they ought not to expect that the country woo respect the
of tfie Peerage. (Hear, hear, hear) The noble earl, at the owe
time, thought some alteration was necessary in the tithe
though be could not approve of a Bill brought In by a Right Re=
Prelate lest year. As to pluralities, unless the whole of the ecclesiasti-
cal laws could be remodelled, it would be absolutely impossible to
in-
sure the residence of the clergy in every parish. The Noble Earl de-
fended the Church and contended, that the improvement iu the duties
of the clergy had been great during the last twenty years. His hope
was, that the people might not be Induced to give up the respect due to
the ministers of religion.
Lord KING, in explanatiou, said, he had made no attack on the
clergy; he wished to make them more useful ; he wished to have an
incumbent in every living, and the Church without pluralities and tem-
poralities. The peace of the Church was his object, and as Wednesday
was near, he should join in the general wish upon that subject,
The petitions were then laid on the table.
ctsai 07 PARLIAXINT.
That Marquis of LANSDOWN moved the re-appointment of a
Select Committee, to inquire into the nature of the Office of Clerk of
Parliament.
The motion was agreed to, and the Committee nominated.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL panted a petition from the mi-
nisters and elders of the Presbytery of Glasgow, for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition from Cheltenham,
imploring the house to present an address to his Majesty, as head of the
church, praying his Majesty to appoint a day for a general fast and
humiliation.
Mr. BELL presented a petition from a parish in Northumberland,
for a reform in Parliament, and vote by ballot.
Mr. PRITTIE presented a petition from Clonmel, in the county of
Tipperary, for a repeal of the Union.
Sir ROBERT INGLIS presented a petition from a parish in Essex,
for a general fast, and the abolition of slavery.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from Manchester, for a repeal
of the duty on printed calicoes.
Mr. W. PATTEN Presented a similar petition from the Chamber of

Commerce, Manchester.
Mr. MABERLEY supported the prayer of the petitions. He
thought the repeal of the tax would not diminish the revenue.
Mr. HUNT said it was most horrible that two millions should be
taken out of the pockets of manufacturers for the purpose of bringing
three or four hundred thousands into the Treasury. If the noble lord or
his hon. colleague, could tell the government how to take care of those
excellent public servants, the Excise officers, then he supposed the duty
might be repealed.
Sir W. INGLEBY presented a petition from a parish of Lincoln for
a general fast; and a petition from another parish complaining of the
odious system of tithes.
Sir ROBERT HERON presented a petition from the county of
Lincoln for a repeal of the malt tax and retrenchment in expenditure.
Mr. WILKS presented • petition from a congregation in Bishops.
gate for the abolition of slavery ; and two petitions from Friendly no-
ddies for an amendment of the Friendly Society Act.
Mr. PORTMAN said, there wtre already enrolled under the act
nearly 900 societies; before the passing of the act there were not more
than 800 societies enrolled, though, perhaps, there were 10,000 in the
kingdom:
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition for the abolition of the
game laws. He cordially agreed in the prayer of the petition. His
opinion was, that the only qualification for killing game should be the
purclune of a game certificate.
Mr. SYKBS said, if the hon. gentleman would frame a bill in con.
farmity to the sentiments he had delivered, Parliament would support
him.
Lord lIORPETH said, he understood It was the intention of Minis.
ten to support a bill for the amendment of the game laws.
Mr. HUNT said, that if the hon. member for Stead did not bring
In a bill for the abolition of the game laws this Seinion, he would.
Sir U. RIDLEY presented a petition from South Shields, for a
ißeform in Parliament, and praying that it might be allowed to send
=representatives to Parliament, as their town contains a population of
all engaged in trade; and a petition from Newatade.upon.
Tyne, for a repeal of the assessed taxes, particularly the house and
window tax.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR, presorted a petition from Octesend, in the
County of Durham, for a Reform in Parliament, and vote by ballot.
He was not himself favourable to vote by ballot.
Sir RONALD FERGUSON proem* apoMen boo listssesai
in the County of Nottingham, fora Radial Rehm fa Pathimet
and vote ballot; to which he had for some time been a
convert ;—(by hear, bear,)—and a petition from Dundee, for s=
in Parliament, and vote by ballot.

Mr. SYKES gave attic that he should shortly move foe the repeal
of the Soap and Candle Duty.
' Mr. F. PALMER presented a petition from Berkshire, peaty tel•
Les to support his Majesty's ministers in a practical and
Rehm In Parliament, a prayer in which be heartily concurred.
Mr. C. DUNDAS supported the prayer of the petition, and was
!=,:o see the whole of the country coming forward to petition fee
which be bad voted for 50 years ago.
Mr. D. GILBERT presented a petition from Bodmin fur the repeal
dills duty on coals, and a similar petition from Penzance.
Lord NEW ARK presented a petition from East Enfold foe the
abolition of slangy.
Mr. FERCEVAL presented petitions from Derby. Littielsary, 80.
reoghbeidge, and another plus, the name of which we could not hew,
Reim attlesee to his Majesty to appoint a general fast.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from Miloond Town for the repeal
of the amused taxes ; and a petition from ocaspien of land in Hun.
tingiceside far the abolition of tithes; and a petition from the Catho.
He. of Whisichooth, in the county of Cork, complaining of their being
awned to empgon the Retsblhised Church of Ireland, the richest in
the world; mid a petition from s parish is Northampton for the im-
provemest of the petal code, as hanging human beings like dogs
was diogmestel to de Nanny and a petition from Dundee, stating that
disk lbsresgh sententi;4lo,ooo inhabitants, and they bad only soo.fifth
of a le!, kw a segmadielathe in Paelissest, and ma: a Reform
Is Partisans, aia Vote by
_Bann; ends similar from Sol.
kirk ; and a Meese hen DM for the extension of elective hen.
abbe ; and away penis, anon jerth, Hoy, and a petition for the
repeal of the time eliktewbolgt. 'l'he taxes on know ledp apposed to
be the rest& et aide fin Shen Manus es the part of Gammon
appeared as if it had bees their else to bop the people he suds
moos as rooked them study imespable of estimadwg the basks of a
peel Ciovesamt. The patidom wee William Csopmer. who had
bille• doe wok sod a* thee& a4pese te tie amity
dshould be peessemil orksvoteks Mhos knowlefoak •
pew at a has peas tins
- Mr. TILNYSON grae=7. that on the NM bet. be should present
:=lon from the skews of Stanford, comp/stabs of the oppressive
d the Exam
illy C. BUNBUZY possaned a petition from Pestles, Saba, far
ths repeal of' the duty es comb, and similar peddles hem two ether
Komi %OIL
CANIXIS soarers.
Alkalies WOOD said the whole many bad been kept be a
Mae of atessolot far some months lie year, by die tenor amsd by
ISO In a rabid crazes sumimg at lima A Commie= had est as the
Men, and Lessee aid assess= kr the ',months of the ail He
amid net mail the Isom with astoils, bat mold move for leave to
Mkg toigmentthe teeming sleeks maim
lita.Lasos mine &Mile es hest Inonly hti bum gpHed by the
destMedes rr May dap in Ike eseepill‘ He sbesld not,
Imes; oppose the modes. —Leave given.
MIS LAWS SW 1111111 LAND.
Mr. O'BRIEN sold he should confine himself at p to moving
kit leave to bals blil for the relief of the aged, belpkes, sad in.
Lwd hat poor of
ALTHORP bad no sbjecdoso to bringing in the bill, bate
LA the bees gnu. would Sod so much diMade -on the subject as to
poem k peke thitt
gk F.IIO=ITT gam niece that he should, on so esaildny,
mho a modes to pent the leggin of soldiers.
Mr. HUNT said, be felt bow secossery it was for him" mg Ike
lahhisses of the hem while he addresed it os the most immistont
sakes of wide be had gives aides. Hs begged leave to dodger that
bones set the admen of violations of kw. He apposed as the mit
VOWS a peons whose ndetemine all mut dyke& He MI ark
omisavened to poem mercy foe the two reetrismsts Ines left hr mom
sits rat Solibery; end is the some of the meaty if Inks, ma every
mom eel yes= of teaks, he rehassa thanks to gesmasst he
bwring spored the county the eserible athibities if the mtematios of
dee two ass. He woo mem at the he vist est isek plow
assts„ sad would deka the petindem ; sal he herd the
Lee would join via hint Is an address le his lkgesty to me a bed,
' st.thelosst Moms is loglid we in psis or la the Hulks The
ihns dist was Led of we. is Ifsessady, in trams, opposite the

coot of Kent. The people of Heat were. at that moment, in the
despise distress, and their petitions to parliament were treated with die.
rsprd. It was said in the other house of parliament that there was n,,
general distress, and the people were left to suppose that they tette to
be left to starve. Driven to desperation by this mint, they direetod
their vengeance against the thrashing-machines, by which they t ere dr.
paired of their labour; and he could prove that where the data.
lag-machines have been destroyed all the Isthmus are now employed.
(Hear, hear.) This proved that the labourers were not mistAken.
When the labourers first assembled, and were asked what 1/.13 their

object, they said to get wages on which they could live—to hme
their wages railed from OL or 7s. a week to 9a. or 10s.; where this was

done there was no riot. It was not done in all places, and thrashing.
machines were broken. The, magistrates naturally prosecuted the

rioters—tbey were found guilty, and an Hon. Member of that Roux,
who presided as Chairman, sentenced them to $ few days' imprison.
meat. He did not mean to cast the slightest blame on that Honour.

able Gentleman, but either that sentence should be more severe, or
its lenity should be continued. To the want of this he attn.
buted a great deal of the violence that afterwards took piaci..
He regretted that County Members should act as Magistratet,

uit was impossible for them to be unbiassed. In many instanc,s
the farmers refused to raise the wages, and the consequence was, that

secret burnings took place. It had been said that the incendiaries we
foreigners, and that some of them had been found with money in thrir
pockets. One enthusiastic man had been found distributing inflam.
UMW!". bills, but no foreigner. Who was to be benefited but tLe un.

fortunate labourer ? who said, you will not suffer me to live, and I
will make yotir life miserable. There was a rise in the price of corn by

the conflagrations, and there were many persons in the country who
had purchased large stocks of corn, and they were the only persons who

could be benefited besidts the labourers. He did not say that those
persons had any pan in producing the conflagrations. TI a harvest
was much better than was supposed ; yet eorn was thing. He was

visiting the country towns on his own business, and when be came to
Warminster, in Hampshire, some women cautioned him against enter-

ing, saying be would be murdered. He drove into the town, and found

a mob of 600 or 700 pasons surrounding halt:a-down farmers. lie

drove to his inn, but wu seen and known by farmers and labourers.—

Both appealed to him to interfere, but he refused from a knowledge that

If tuit.chief ensued it would be laid ac his door. The torment stated that
the men had struck for a rise of wages, from Os. to 12s. which the fat.
men agreed to give, but one of them broke faith, and the men were nos,
assembled again, and had collected 101. from door to door, and were flush.
ed with drink. He asked where were the Magistrates, and was told they re.
fused to interfere. He consented to see three of the labourers, and they
_ _

elated that they would be content with the wages promised by the far.
men, if they could depend on their promises. He brought them all to
agree, and guaranteed the performtuce of the farmers; he then gave the
multitude a lesson on obedience to the laws—he told them the money
had been given them under the influence of terror, from their numbers;
and that they must immediately go to their home, and he would gua.
rantee that the farmers would pay them foe that day's work. The men
gave three cheers, and immediately went to their homes—the far.
men also went home. He had scarcely left his Inn when he met
the Magistrates, who had kept in their houses for two days. The

elder flr. Portia said they had heard of what he had done, and
were ashamed but to pane and thank him ; the clergyman also
thanked him. He then addressed the Blagistrates, and said the Go.
eminent had levied heavy taxes, which they screwing out of the
landowners—they were screwing out of the farmers—and the farmers
were doubly screwing out of the labourers—till the screwing had turned
up like a patent corkscrew. (A laugh.) Some weeks after he went to
the same town, the ladies of the inn tendered him their best thanks for
what he had done, (a laugh,) and said there had been no riot since be
was there. He went on to Andover, where there was a drunken mob,
who were attacked by constables with bludgeons, and cut till disk
blood ran down their heels. That night the first fire took pin
that neighbourhood. The breaking of thrashing-machines toeit piss

there sad in the neighbourhood of Salisbury, end he was confident
in nineteen cuss out of twenty, the farmers encouraged the breaking,
and frequently gave the labourers money to break other machines.
It was money given by the farness to the labourers to spend at Belie-
bury, that mused the battle of Salisbury, at which the labourers
put the yeomen to flight. One yeoman got on a wall into the garden
tithe Member for Salisbury, and these changed his clothes, that be
might get home in safety. These were the yeomanry that were thanked
by the Magistrates and the Government. He had not seen doe innate
of violence through all Wiltshire He was quietly travelling en his
buinees, yet these was an Hen. Member in that House who lid
made use of his nose, and mid that Hunt was at the head of the
nob. And the sew inibeination had been forwarded by post to de
Hotort.Oftlee. He was, consequently, so far interested in the quacks,
and he hoped that se saquily would be instituted, to And out who war
the incenandes. He thought*. Amen were the greatest incendisria.
lie would be desirous to knew the opinion of the house on the coded
at the yeomanry cavalry, and as their being called out at all; hat he knew
full well what was the impaled= in the country &dem on the subject
—that they Ind bees called oat foe the purpose of keeping down the
wages of the labourers. (Hear, hear, ben) The bentenable
member proceeded to :slate that he had entered a town, aid those,
in the market, were the yessioney parading, showing of the Ineibplep
of their scarlet and lace. He accosted the first woman that be met;
she had a bombs of butter over her arm; he inquired what these men
War about there ? she did net know him (Mr. Hunt) at all; sad she
immediately replied that they had been brought out Let the purpose et
keeping down the wages of the labourers. Wherever the yeemenry had
been called out wages bad been kept down. (Cries of no, no.)--
Perhaps -not to every insane, bat generally it had been the
nee. In one parish of Wiltshire, containing 1,180 or 1,700 in.
habitants, there was a large inning assembled to consider what was to
be dose, and to swear is coomabko. One of the largest fantess in the
perish admen the Clergyman, who was present, by telling him that
his Ideeense had been very well content with au income of 40111.
altar, bat that he had raised the income to 1,6001. per annum; and
the hatter asked him what redaction of home be would consent to
The clergyman inquired of the fumes what reduction he would taped
to be made 10 The tenor made answer that they were perfectly eds.
Redd with the product of their hollards, and that their rents was mode-
Mt enough; and that they wished him, the clergyman, to reduce ids
income Mk and to be instead with the IONI. The clergyman replied
that be would do no such this& The connquenes was that the farmer re-
funds° be semen in as a constable, and many followed hiss:ample. Pre.
deely the seem scatrame task place at Deimos. There the clergyman, fe
addressing the Menem relating to their rioting, designated the don
us-English; and a bleat ossatronan west up to him and said, that he
might call it whet he choose, but he had a wife and seven children to
provide for, and he four yeses pest be had nee been pain more rhea
seven 'Wings &week, sad being Id le run he debt, bean of having
a cessfertable dinner on a &day, be lied din ben under the necadty
top to bed with a lumpy belly; and that, be thought, was very
un-linglish. He (Mr. Ham) thought that this het would be a MI•
dent answer to an Hon. Mode is. that How, who fed also designed
these sensacdons as being no-Huglhh. The Hen Member then
vain to the attack which had bon mode um the papa" if the
.Honorable Member he Waddles whit he (Mr. Hunt) said be was
peeped to peeve, had, in the In insane, beets hatigmed by the
fames, who had treated the Mamas with doe far the wpm With
Pepsi to the meek whisk had bela sole Nei the person of the Hen.
Member he Wilhite, be (Mr. Hun) mid, that k had bees provoked
by that gentleman in his renneteenes to the labourers having made we
of thee weeds, " that Cobbett and Hunt wen at the bottom of all
this." He (Mr. Has) was unwilling to tarsus the House with
this stennent, ad he bed Malt it his Wises Some the IlseaseMe
Member /a Wildthe, d asked it be slay had mode use if
Them wend. The Hcoverable Moen old h We pimps,
used hie (Ms. Haat's) woo is limbo; so the look hat he
could set eseelloo la what team Ms. Uwe% iehemet, Meows
W leested biro that k was la eeeeNeene of hie bevies so used his
tome that the peened amok wee poredeal. He 'elk rase to hrsw
toed mesh impose is as imiladneed ma, who was append with
* girdling ceaditiso As a pest that the pork were "I "1"
tegeo letivenal ditties d poperty, it was sowelede Mt ea the
"—namable member% able then was a dwaddeg omealwe wbith
