r --•

f- 7

e; 1`
it a .bilL •

• FLANDk
- .• • i.; ••••
stuff GARD,

•
His- Royel Highness the
the 221 at Lours, being
Dublin. •
• " HAGUE, SEPTEMBER
'the 28th • his Majesty
-veil of. the Ministers arlti,
orverol fdembers of the SeCoad
General • leave this town
• at home; they are:soon to
• according to fundamental
of thi States-Gederal u to .
• The departure of the Minister
. the 7th of tbis month.
FRANKFORT, .
There will shortly appear
pities.that will take place •
. 'BRUSSELS,
. . . . .
. The 10,6 of M. D'Olrang.
iron of the Press is now published,
• number the " Gazette General
" People always invoke,'"
menace, end yet they mt
already 'forget that the slay
• destroyed before our • eyes '
dist ever existed. It when
that his war with Spain w;
the disasters in Russia
your measures are just u.
the inclemency of the seasons
verses. which. France is ear
• had been free he might h;
honest man might have
his work or not, • nonapal
4Ve. either making game of
lead you to your ruin.'
cared -by ambition and sla,
• to judge well of good ad.
at last he made it iMpossi,
by enslaving the press, lir
under his influence. N:
XIV. by being the only
was a dupe to, the inan:
Operas, and inscriptions
CONS I'ANTINOI
the plague makes nal
particularly among the G:
patients have been brougl
38 have died. At Solon

: -

FRENCH _
OC ro,
- The Emperor of Russia -
the 31st of December,
toms which then occupied
This Tariff was only slight
published at the beginnini
in3t here discuss the merit
clminercial point of vi
would furnish matter for
notice here one remarkable
peror exempted, by the
actment was renewed in

books unbound, printed
Tariff of 1810 was transk
Betted in one of the in
January, 1811; but the

portaticm- , without dull
welded, which was not

memory to revert to the
the Imperial Government

to every thing printed abroa
actment to be made known,
have appeared a criticism -
beoln whose importation •
dens to weight, just like
similar Commodities.
Yesterday morning,
meet of his parapontic
the Pont Louis XVI. an•
His apparatus which '
piece of furniture whose
tin vessel of an annular
volume great enough tr
greater than the weigh',
with some provisions in
machine ender his arms
means of leather suaps,
Lis legs and the other
!tate, and* wiehout alterinj
sailed along with his head
ter, and had the free or
not' employ them in,rw
A helm adai4ed to one
tin vessel prevents it trot
appear how he could mo'
the pratioied passage fro•
deed be long and dii
tom the fatigue which
in proceeding only a fi
the stream.
The following ankle
Mitts of Sept. 24 t-0
which has drawn down.
T&AUBRIAND his Maiesy'
Rennes- aboin ban an
Demoiselles • • IN boos
the Prefect authorised ,
et the Bookselling trade.
-ably to Article XIV. of
tober, 1814, .and• in consequence
on thwpreceding day. M. de
vacate General, and disrhargini
Attorney General, intimated •
Demoiselles • *4', that
la sell, distribute, eon muni
work of-M. de CIIIATZAI
them conformably to •
her, .-ftits. They
by a happy COSICUTIMICe
a dightened Magittrat
an !cement, and justit,
his Majesty is pleased '
CORIU,
The English have doubt
crusts ; but they (knot
loniastaigenerally spiking,
savice of a foreign poser.,
kohn,
Weihave received the o,
inoatk's Treaty with the Regency
British Consul had dims ow
wif)s the Cardinal fleorotary•
dies trot appear infinitely

se
Ja
DI
to
- al
11,
a
si
P
ti
I ,
g
• 'is
"'lll
• IP.
.a
tl
it
a
-a
- fl
•
it

. . • .
.•• • i
i-- • a
. . C
* •
-.
I ' - • . . rMt AR mr.
General Sir C 3191181 BEcEWITII goes cow
- J long lofille =if the Italian seas. , . ,
.1115 ifAIA'II:: '*7
4111.11.
I ellliggia4.
with.
9111-
Powers
Ito:* ►"711411. '. - -ar . :,-------::;=7-rHIIII* 4416 TUNING
• -"R.
v in Chief .to Ireland, in room of General sit cam'.
—... . , ~
SEPTEMBER IS. ' ; Ott!csopouaourna
,poblisbes to-day --wawlllll6l " :IY.
'l' jabNDoN -‘
, k •,/,..rthilli, l- •
- HEWETT. Colonel CARRY remains S .- "''
he Duke of Kent arrived on patches from Lord Exmouth, dated on boas ' •
s oat!), ~. ......... . - . Majs General CONRAN, lately ecreto7 ghee
on the et c"c".
under the title of Earl of Queen Charlotte. Algiers Bay, the Slit et ttekit# ' ... . - MONDAY. OCTOBER •Te 'l',BlB- _
.1 loraltar, goes to command in Jamaica. 4%
q,
and brought by *the Severn frigate, which eat, MICE OF 'STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWRI.YB O'CLOCK s Report says that t)ir RoBERT Ilaowsnuoa '
EPTEMBER 30. ' this port yesterday. In the first,- addressed to diti , mulatto shut-pons. mo, est -.aosos, for are. deft
to
return from Ceylon.-Also Lieutenant Ge, .-
jetty held an extraordinary. British
Minister at the Court of Naples, after having • 4 per Om. shut-3 per. Cum Navy 931 'Sir ALEXANDER CAMPSITE& from the Isle of-pc,....-
s which lasted several hours,Lieutenant-Colonel M'Douett,...hum t5,,.,.--"o
the Ad* lnds Bonds do. Pre.-Eaoluolurr tufts, , Is- dis. us. pew.
4 '
NOCOlid Chamber of the States announced the success of the expedition,
ral adds-" I have had the satisfaction m put ted
'DUTCH AND FLANDERS MAILS.
Monday, the Officers on detachment of the .
arrived at Rznis Hotel, St. Martin'efaue''N
to go and pass a short time board the Severn 357.000 dollars. which were paid by
to repair to Brussels, where,
Town Council or tu
Royal Highland Reglement dined '
tel law, the ordinary Session the Neapglitan Governineitt, and which are restored At a late hour last night a Dutch Mail arrived,
and
to open on the fillet Oetober. to it, by outer of the Prince Regent. Yesterday eve- and soon after one from Flanders, the contents of Magistrates,
--hlbann.
ning I embarked on board of two transports I'o7'
aistar for Brumbil for Neapolitan `Sicilian slaves, who will depart to- g ,
or which are iven in our preceding columns I' and this thanuo
election, when a number of „ --4. '
"
...- 4 find.morning another. Dutch Mail, from which we shall toasts were given. -
-.•-• - morrow."-In the second dispatch, Lord Exmouth
SEPT* 2S. • subjoin some extracts. • SOUTH AMERICA. .. ,
communicates the same details to the Marquis de
ear a Freopeaenne of the solern- Circello, Minister for Foreign Affairs. The third is Thp French are not the only Journals which seen% By our accounts from South Amerkas it win , .
eat the opening of the Diet. to envy our well-earned victory over the Algermes. seen that the Patriots are not inattentive to thew
their insinuations with meats of the Brazilian Government. A very 4
t_OCTollellit 2. addtesscl to his Majesty, and is -as follows :
a Queen Charlotte, Algiers Bay, August SI.-
Olrange against the Restric- 44 'not 11-1 esteem myself happy in being able to annauncts to The German Pipers copy question presents itself on this subject : cis,whel
iublished, And fills one whole riu.that one of your Knights of St. Ferdinand bas been, (cheat great avidity. most equitable that a people, discarded by du; • '
eneral of the Netherlands." - tois ce O one if the instruments employed to destroy- The Dutch Papers received this morning contain
a 0
Government, should manage their own so.:_.
-aira 3
cc," says he, " the lessons of doled prods of your
sPfitor°velvDe;Nthe horrible system of Christian slavery. The mut.
Majesty's goodness towards me are to me a a long article from Constantinople, in praise of the, legislate in future :for themselves, or submit 4. r
trust be of little avail if we awe pledge of the satisfaction which you will feel on learning the .
virtues of the GRAND SZION1011; who has, in coney. handed over to a foreign Power ? The sitcate•-,,'
slavery of the press has just happy success of our arms; and that one of your Knights has these Colonies is a peculiar one. They did --
the honour to direct the effort. quence, incurred the displeasuse of the Janissaries. not.,
es the most powerful empire a May - • health sod prosperity prove as lasting
y your Majesty s The Sesoad Chamber of the Statea General of tonly erect the standard of revolt against 111 b tont
a the 'Senate told Bonaparte as the wish a Tout devoted wain, country, they merely followed the example ---; -.
was not politic; when after. (Signed) " tuners." Holland has been adjourned from the Hague to the latter had given ; and refused to reco . ih.
gnat*,
every Prefect wrote, I Sire, - bill( /OS 47 RES. ' Brussels, where it will meet on the 21st_instant. erosive Government established in Spain. ' --
rho ti •
and wise, you.are -invincible, Buenos Arms 'Papers have arrived to the 19th of BRUSSELS SEPTEMBER SO. not assert their independence, till the S • '
pante, o
!awns alone caused your re- July. Accounts had reached that place some days e
We learn from Lille that the Electoral Assemblies. narch had renounced the allegiance of his su .
'-ito
eager to6.eePaie t. if t" Pre" before of the sailing of the expedition from Rio J.', d the •
and ma e over empire of Old and New s
lave learned the truth; some andthey also apprised that it was to put
neiro, - f
..OSSIPH BONAPARTE. Poo
said-to him, either avowing into St. Catherine's previous to its proceeeding on its hood, Arras, Douay, Amiens, dm. have chosen the This act cancelled the tie which bound the „
parte, your Senate and ours ultimate destination. Emissaries from Brazil had Electors. All passed in the most orderly manner, Americans to their former Government; 'and
of you, or our foal, who will laboured, with considerable success, to make the in- d. . general the persons chosen for Electors are are by law. as Well as by the right of nom,
Before he was whrilfy inaoxi- habitants of the right bank of La Plata believe that a° .in • fectly entitled to .assert their independence T,
;Livery he had sense enough the- expedition was to be entirely directed to the oc- men of calm tempers, and remote from the extremes did not desert their ancient race of Monarchs: its,
Ivice, and to profit by it. But 'cupation of the left tank. Many were thus indis. of party ;at Lille and Arras are the most temperate the latter who made the ignominious sunoodo -
Isoible for him to receive any posed to contribute to the expenses of an enlarged Royalists, respected for their virtues and property.- their own rights; and consequently gave to his, • -
)oth at home, and if, nations scale of military preparation, until the ultimate views •
Ile Prefects have merely used their influence to Transatlantic subjects the choice of accepting of i
Napoleon ended,. like Louis of the Portuguese Government were more cum.
said h jectieg JOSEPH BONAPARTE as their Sovereign. " ,
• person in his kingdom who pletely developed. The Government, however, was check te gues of the evil-minded 1 for it is said
dunforeseen circumstances replaced a Bouturn
nufecturers of prologues, of straining every nerve to rouse them from this State of that the adversaries of the Royal Government have the Spanish throne, be invited his former b'
.
os obeli.ks."SU pti)
apathy, through the medium of proclamations. and on this occasion come forward, u the advocates of renew their allegiance; without condescending,
()MX, AUGUST 24.1 addresses in the public journals. The Congress at violent measures, to support the Royal authority. ever, to give them a. single guarantee lulus
ithappily great progress, and .Tucuman had determined to deliberate-forthwith on their liberties; whilst he left them even le ,
Greeks. Within a month ISO • •frontier departments is,
formation
of The public spirit in the .
a declaration of ',dependence, the
Inc into the hospitals, of whom however.- too good not immediately to appreciate
new constitution for the united provinces of Lapunishment d
or rewer •
•
nindes the plague continues. such proceedings at their jest value. • •
Plata, a permanent system of finance, and of naval In the interval the Americans had acquired a .
and military defence. The journalists particularly We learn that the desertion in our frontiers still attachment for freedom ; and the conduct et F •
II Pit PBRS. direct the attention of their readers to the circam- continues; it is certain that &reign Agents greatly NAND on his resumption of authority at home,
OCTOBER 3.
isitt caused to be published on stance, that Great Britain will remain completely contribute to it, but the evil seems also to be con. .
them no 'alternative, but that of itibmitting to.. •
1810, a new Tariff of Cue. neutral in the contest between
the United Provinces tionally to the old abuses and commercal •• • •.•
netted with other causes, which it is important to
of the attention of all Europe. and the Spaniards and Portuguese. The 'following which kept them for so many generations in •
ightly modified by the Ukase is a translation of the latest proclamation issued by trace to the source. !tude, ignorance, sloth, and poverty ; or, of *- -
ming of this iear. We will the Buenos Ayres Government : ... that independence, which the cowardice* . •
" Fectow comeroestas-wbiot our poll:kiwi ale one. Our Readers will see by our Port Letters that a abandimment of this very F • • '
:tits of the two Tariffs in a y ERDMAND COMO. ..,
pied in specs:sting on the pretensions of the Portuguese Cabinet Mediterranean pirate is ctuizing off the coast of Pot- them to proclaim.. The attempt alitrefro
view : such an examination with respect to the provinces of the river Plate, that Court is . .
rr a volume; but we shall only sending an expedition to our coasts, a:cordiog to the latest soon- tugal. It does not appear, however, that she British making by the Government of Spain 1:' !adapt,.
ible circumstagce:-The Em- munications tram most respectable 'lndividuals in Brazil. The flag his been insulted by this marauder. a war of violence and Ii justice ; -fur it it ibt
Commission of Government cantor but see- a new danger, sue ment to subjugate a people, whose independent
Ukase of 181% and this en-
greater than every other, in the perplexityaf so many jarring . ..
a 1816, from all import duty, opinions, which produce the effect of inepiritli aWu confidence It will be seen by the following letter that the gal. founded upon law, reason, and necessity-pat-.
d in foreign countries. The In minds which ought to be alarmed at the evident perils winds taxi Lord Viscouitt EXMOUTH has arrived in Ens.by the conduct of their former Sovereign; mkt
,nslated into French, and in- surround us. In the midst of the most heroic resolution to sup- 'by time; and forcibly recommended by the pyres
port with our blood the sacred cause of liberty, still loterpreta• land : . - -
numbers of the Morsitekr fori cuting spirit of their late Ruler. The Prang
Dons are patiently listened to of a conduct insidious under every " PORTSMOUTH, OCTOBER 6. l Government is therefore an outta;..y :. ,1,5 ..;
he article concerning the ins. went as if aii army caning to outer our territory without pro. " About nine o'clock this meenine,• the Quires 'attack ; end the:proceeding is more infamoue,bto.
ty, of books and music, was vocation, not avowing its intention, and-yet not pretending to , ,
it know* at the time. It is disguise its did not afford the' strongest proof that, coasidering CUARLorre, with Viscount EXHOUTH's Flag on it /its not the same excuse as Spain to plead.
he period when this was done :us outlaw! from the code' which regulates, the foul mune of board, made her number in sight at St.. jklen's. On What concluct.wilkthe English Cabin:tenet:to .
civilized nations, it is intended to employ fraud and violence to der these circumstances ' The policy of Hipp,*
lent was too uneasy in regard ithpose upon us a new yoke, or to re•subjapte us eu die old yoke. her proceeding up to Spithead, slit wailfist cheered - h A • : ' •
abroad to allow this liberal en- e Shall we wait, damns, until the Portuguese have invaded by a merchant-Ix' _ lying _ tt e South aaniericans is so apparent, that, notui
merchant-brig that was at anchor there, standing the 'well known principles of our Minis..
known, which besides would us. la infer to deem ourselves authtfriurd to adopt measures ot
andafterwards she was saluted by the
:ism on its mode of making &aim want their unjust aggression ? HOW 1111111 is 110 116100
MS was permitted to pay aCCOr- real*" Rberd have able citeir:s, " tasivtoasaniftstab:reir ltiateceriyonatnitde Meir etas, frigate that lately arrived from Lisbon with a service Currence. We are, perhaps, upon the point of -
excluded from the markets of the Old World, . .
like Gruyere cheeses or other damns of a Prints who sever displayed any suck sentiments ; of plate for the Duke of WitUißglyom..- His Lord;
a spirit, hostile to our manufactures, ikmaillies
who has not only sever given the slightest Proof of adherence to ship returned the salute, as did also the Port-Admiral
M. Schmidt made the experi- our cease, but, on the contrary, has long since joined with our itself, from day to cl,ry, with increasing rancour. .
c chair on the Seine between -
oppressors op to attack us. from the Bove's, in the Harbour. -' '
On her.arrival at 'must, therefore, either prepare to give up our ••
' " The Commission of Government abstains from multiplying Spithead, she was again saluted by a Dutch l ine•of. factoring system, at least that part of it, whick u
'rid that of tl.e Military School. taro cow& ce you of the necessity of displaying on this -
bears no resemblance to the occasion all that enthusiasm by which, at former periods, you battle ship that lately arrived from Holland on her to find customers on the European Ccntinent;
ie name it hears, consists in a raveled an musty Prodigies. The cause Is yours: yours is the way to Batavia with troops.- His Lordship also ee. sirike otta new minket:, which would make op,
duty to support it. The Government can do no more than direct
ship . loss which we are likely to sustain from the tom. •
ar form, and of capacity and cornedthis salute, andcheered
our efforts ; and in the performance of that hououreble task, cut jealousy that is now developin itself agsiott
to displace a quantity of water jou mil rely upon ell the efficacy of their seal. Saclike*. It i passed withshouts of •
it of a maraud his havresack„ true, are required of you ; but it is necessary, in order to
_the; - joy, to see our brave tars re- country. No part of theglobe offers so meal
.
.
il it. The swimmer fixed this bring
basek aloha, they should be liberal and well timed lit is turn with their hard-earned laurels, in geiod health vantages as South Amer ices doei in this r •
es • and around his. breast, by necessaryu to `cake them, in order to save us. , The Governmentsit and high spirits. The morning being fine, the sight -The independence of that, 1 age and rich
6, one of which passed between ; km
upo:ianuomoitthersr.armtet nheitigues torfeassir
other than four
military ,g we: was truly gratifying.to See how gracefully the QUEEN would, in a few years, multiply its means thil,
r over his shoulders. Inthis sity ill contribut ng with your foetuses to the existing necessitjes r. Cagle.. p tine HARLoTTE u with Itide. as there was wants in so extraordinary a•degree,that it
afford a perlect equivalent for any injury tee
feting his vertical posture, be of she country, will decide your destiny.
head and arms-out of the wa. o Should you feel Yourselves Wirral in submitting to ter. scarcely a gentle breeze, to her anchorage at the sustain in the markets 01 'Europe. Under a
ain demons hrvulvisg your mkt end year storedoubled
use of his hands when he did mca t% iof Gov), ot will f the beim -of affairs,
, the
widerCo- Motherbank, with the band playing; and the ,Hips' system of laws, its population would be
reting with two small paddles. the conviction that you wish tb relapse into slavery. Bat it feel, yards manned, and cheering as she passed along.- the muse of ten years ; whilst the advantages'e
of the points cf the circular satisfied, that in the great city of bottom Ayres there will not be Portsmouth walls were .completely lined with will- the inhabitants should derive, under so genial'',
orn turning about. It did not found a citizen worthy of the name who will not he ambitious to ). . . . . . . .
.. p
rofitsgr puosuits, as well as the intl.
' signalise himself by the most eensplcuous proofs of heroic ca- dressed peopie to witliess the pleasing sight, after di- p hoot the better woe king of their mines, •
move it against the stream ; and :dawn. that so two ww make b a pews of homer to relive e service.-The Noble Viscount
was observed to render them, probably •for fifty years to come,
rom Calais to Dover would in- togettieriin the performauce of the unite of the militia, without yin l'
lifficult, if we are to judge any ether di.rincelen than what may belong to the accidintal be in good health and high spirits by some friends I erent to the growth of manufactures at home.
I the swimmer appeared to feel character of their respective stations; that the mon elevated who who went alongside before the ship came to an- the iron and desolating sceptre of old Spain. '
few hundred tossr _.;„.., with due of citisens will display their talents in instructing their mm- those ad vantakes woe Id take place ; and no coil ,
'' evil" patriots, and in communicating information to the Government chor, and seemed to ezpresi ' hopes of soon being
uto the means of triumphantly emerging from the-multiplied released from quarantine. as a messenger had been tion of our goods, equal by way means to the
le is from the Journal 4'141 set perils which surround 011; that the mercantile class will offer dispatched to Town for that purport." of our Manufacturers, world consequently owe
-"Several copies of the work their effects to defray the indispensible expenditure of the sew •Let Ministers reflect for a moment do the a:
in. on the Viscount de CHAs scrunk In "kb. we'sm engaged; l and Mar' justly mimdamls We have received the Paris Papers of F'd ing difficulties they shall have to encounter, sr'
their true interests, thoy.will no; hesitate to sacrifice a part, to to ay.
'city's displeasure, arrived at avoid • Abe woo. to wow demo 'wee. Age.weu Amber The 7 echo beck as if Isola the Italian Journals, a straitened trade, and use coranterc ai• 1 System co,
1 the 19th, at th shop of the 'ibat theirrptas (so to gook) devoured their forum*, and that variety of unfounded reports fespecting Lord -Ex- Ming to pieces, to -pay the interest of our env'.
roksellers. TWO hours after,- , this tliatingulshed.hodf taps acquired Immortal claims to our Ira' MOUTH'S attack upon Algiers, which• they woildlain debt, and to meet the expenses of the public ace
,their seizure by the Inspector ;find: 25 inevilit-anreat Tri,thew±?? they trestarour in Mit
pohiie t! persuade their readers was a very haXardous attempt, and they will be sensible of the pernizion. clan
ale. This was done conform. onen'ira, on';7;ibta respeera. meneotis llered to a wommint a and
,much more destructive to our forces thin re- the policy which they been determined to
of the Law of the 21st of Oc-. their generosity ; but ea bus press= distress„ the seastry.mase presented. . . with regard to Spain and her insurgeet colonies.
. tonsequqnce of measures taken Tweet to them as to her only refuge. Thu it is, that ea a tree' have already strewn, that- the -latter have s right
. M. de LAMARNE, first Ad. muriirTiihe emummial *sr" "rue" a rank "Mk from fa Friday Mr. and Mrs. FRIIIMANYLE. gave aassert their independetice.; and our Govern ,
'boys all miser dames; and = son. rand..g li'
lischerging the functions of the ''''".
*Wades jusdylowdas to ks laid the f' a it* entertainment at their beautiful Villa, Englefield would be jnstified, on the principle of public
timated at the same time to the glue, industrious, acdve and flourishing. Turn your MO to Green, to her MiJavry; and the Ilusccssits, the as well as by the soundest policy, to interpose in
it if they took noon themselves the United States of North
9 AMetico, and In them you will .and Dukes of YORK and CLARENCE, the Duke and Ductless favour. If Ministers do hot take some decide
nmunicate, or lend to read the en exen!Pleiwh.ilh "gig to eiltillst,ti year
w.e. teerlieeir;rd(Lhe of GLOUCESTIR, honoured them witlftheir company, to this effect, they will find to their cost, bete
EAUBSIAND, he would prosecute 5w...._•-• .nrraaried'i.TriarceOrammaglaat we k`;;;•b;;Twlre am day, `1"" at dinner. The company consisted of her Grace the end of another yeai, that they shall have ned '
the law of the 9th of Noven- e-----....as -tate e
5hig.....1 " FiIiNCISCIII A NIONIO V EICAILAO.II. Duchess of RUTLAND, Earl and Countess of VERU.' an opportunity for reviving the commerce anci
nmediately submitted. Thus " Moues as larctorsu. LAM, Earl and Countess of Osscow. Lord and Lady factures At the country, which no sombinatitn uf,
rice of circumstances, firm and " MANUEL OuLTAPO, Secretary. BULKELEY, and Lady LANCIFOtteb Mr. and Mrs. A. cumstances will present again ; and they will ...
oes arrest the evil at its tom= o Busies Ayres, July 17, 1510." STANHOPE, &C. tkc. Card of invitation were issuedn
the
i fectually bewail, amidst the wrecks.ot our pt.'"
M
y the confidence with which Extract of a letter, dated SOth June, from Buenos to invite the neighbouring Nobility. to a ball .and the murmurs of the Public, the termite .
to Immense them." Ayres. received by the Recovery, which, though not • • •
evening. A splendid supper was provided, after which they appear to follow it this most ... .
SEPTEMBER 16. - • so recent as other accounts we have published, is which f • f• • .
some favourite ges were performed by. a ,se. juncture.. • .
doubled here the bounty for re. nevertheless interesting, became it confienes the sur- lect professional band.-
• • •- . - . •. - .--.....—.........
_
not fend them nueberotes. The tabu already held out respecting the Views of the Saturday the Panics Rionz gave an audience to ' • •
.DREADI UL ACCIDENT ox THE THAN • .41
aws. do. not like to enter the Portuguese Ministers: • Earl BATHURST at Carlton HOD* . - . . ,
.- - -of the men upset in the Skiff belonging to the Pr
4ser. , 41 la Rio hook% a Portuguese Eapoilkien of 10000 assn h he Kin . {Egresses
ereperbo mouse activity, and is nenikez to wick the
_.,_ sor ILUICLE is said tolave sear cis Or. *Ark Bridge Company :
wit` the
/11.PTEPABEit Itt. - ' River Plate, hut we are unaware* whit the Porta. Ow of ou Leos& to Lord EXMOUTH, a fill'OUT-116101111.
a. . . I'Mn IXlOns srutermall,
,saredbirrinindriutlit_...l,l
the officialaCeounts of Loran- Omit lined to set, or wide what arraasseasna conferresstsza- a foreigner. ~ .. sorrow, waterman, -- Gibbans,,attseptert sod svr^-110
the Regency of mem. The wll4,llgiia:. la the =Mere is a eatildenbie parts fit This saes after nine °V II a Mr. littimenvn saved hy die WaePhig police ix'i. abajasil°
long conference on the sobjeit ehase owl stiles auto* stinteenees- irks stein femur tot beet sad sbeMiieber, the et simP
Cis"; tel:kid ikatil*— CranbY' `9"*Y 444.
come - , trete, he the Snood. •- • • Indy
notary of State. The Holy-See' .11141"1"4"lbw.raialbittr"im" I° Me'llail.eams 46 ices- vree elllsTie a . `lebto* la an t'dtelepid With a .1.4* PPollthisa,MerlhAv frfirkNo" -I!*
4- ot diet Monaiefil- WS mei bresvir. abetter's; osoodosseiparceed,esoosoortahan. -211,J 0h....., n Arnweltonee /Algae' Liarnkent It'. . lei
hitch' satisfied with the Treaty r;---aIW *saw . • gilbegmeed Sn'
- - litithallipireoll64 igia4wainauggi. ... . ' "r° wes nainies yet uninent. • cuninsini, . .
. - string, arc the only three takuu up as ye: by doe
. .
. • . .
..
