- SPAIN:

MADRID, JULY 21.
Authentic intelligence has reached this city; that
General Dupont has surrendered, after the complete
defeat of his army, which consisted of 24,000 men,
on the 21st of this month, between Baylen and An-
dujar, in Andalusia. His troops had committed the
greatest outrages in every place . which they had en-
tered. The French army were delivered up as pri-
soners to the disposal of the Junta' of Seville. The
attacks which were made upon his army lasted front
the 15th, in the morning.
General Moncey, who was in Valencia with a di:
vision of 13,000 men, has retired hither with the
small remainsof his army. The A:ragoneee are de-
fending themselves with the utmost bravery agaiost
the attacks of the French. The troops of Valencia,
which it is said, are coming to besiege this city, anal
fescue it from slavery, amount to about 45,000 rood
those of Andalusia to 50,000 ; those of Estramadurst
to 20,000; and of Murcia to 20,000. A part of
them have already arrived within eight or nip-.
leagues of this city. The populace are in a state c.
the utmost ferment.
MANZANUAL, JULY so.
We have no news. The head-quarters have nct
been removed from hence. The enemy are in pos-
session of Leon. Our General is indefatigable in his.
exertions to re-organize and discipline_ the army. Ge-
neral Cuesta is at Salamanca, where he is also actively
employed in disciplining his troops.
• CORUNNA; AUGUST S.
The British man of war the Tonnant, of SO guns,
with Admiral De Courcy on board, has entered this
port :he ivas received with repeated discharges f ar-
tillery. We learn from the Officers of this ship, that
there are expeditions fitting out for the assistance of
Spain in the different ports of Great Britain. All the
individuals of that generous nation, as well as the,
noble Portuguese who were here, expressed the most
enthusiastic joy when the news arrived of the glorious
victory do anted by General Castanos over Dupont.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, AUGUST 11.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOC*:
Cons. money, 661—for acc. 66i—Redneed 661.
Omnium 1 dis.—Excheq. Bills Ss. pre.—
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Imp. Annuities Bank Stock 2431 24$
tits 'it 11-16
3 per Cent. Red. 6841 671 Omniurn 1 prem. par 1 prem.
3 per C. Cons: 671 61 67 India Stock 180
4 per Cent. Cons. 84 831 India Bonds, 4s. Ss. prem.
S per Cent. Navy, 9q1.. Ex. Bills, 3s 6s. pre.
Long Annuities 181 11-16 Lottery Tickets, ..I‘2l. 65.
Imp. 3 per Cent. 601 Cons. for acc.l7ll

• DUTCH PAPERS.

We have received a series. of Dutch papers to the
6th inst. The only articles 'they contaiu allude to
the route which NAPOLEON is taking on his =tune
from Spain ; but with respect to the proceedings in.
the latter country, the mast profound silenee is main-
tained. 4.
t 44 .ANGItitS, t.l;
The ICefeet of this. Department has received:an'
of6Cial inaMation tliat the Emperor and King 144r0t.
LEON Will pass through this place one 11th
gust."
,u niiTY ST.
t, It appears certain that his Majesty the Emperor
and King will pay us a icisit about the 12th' of Au.
gust."
• " PARIS, JULY SSC
The Mayor of Boirdeams has indinated to 'the
Commander of the Draioott Guards of Honour of
' that place; that his Majesty the Emperor and King
may be expecteii it Bourdeaul on the SOtlz natant ;
notice has consequently beeii isiAted to the inhabitants.
.to prepare 'for his Majesty's recegrtiou In a becoming
manner."

The GIBRALTAR, of 84 gutis, which, with other
men of war.mentioned in the STAR of yesterday, was
left off .Corurina when the SWALLOW sailed from that
port, on the sth inst. has arrived at Plymouth, but
has brought no later intelligence from Spain. Indeed
this could hardly be expected, as are sailed, very Soot;
after the SWALLOW.
The Coruna Gazette of the sth instant, ocarinas
in its utmost extent, the intelligence before received-of
the defeat of Dirporr, and gives strong grouxds for
believing that the French armies are all endeavouring
to effect theirretreat fram Spain. Already Marshili
BESSIKRES, as we stated yesterday, is falling back to
Burgos--that is, instead of endeavouring to join
JUNOT hi Portugal, he is taking the road to the
French frontier.
The report that a battle bad taken place at Ma.
drid is not cotrect ; but General BLAKE had anotlfr
battle with the French on the Ist instant, which we
conceive to have been the one that gave rise to the re.
port. Official accounts of this action have not been
' yet received ; but the particulars are detailed in a
private letter as follows :
" Two divisions of the army of General BLAKE,
between Astorga and Rio Seco, met with and fought
a very large body of French troops. The result of
the action was most favourable ; between 6000 or
7000 of the enemy were killed, and the whole force
would have been destroyed, had the Patriots not
been destitute of cavalry for tie pursuit. .The Spa-
niards only lost 800 men. Thi day upon which this
most important action took place, was the Ist of
August."
It appears by the accounts that have reached
that the Patriots' forces of Valencia„ Andalusia, EL.
tramadum, and Murcia, to the number, it is said, of
.135,000 men, are all marching eorattls Madrid as to
a common centre ; and if we May credit the accounts
