he had never yet heard of any rational mode in which
force enuli be a plied.
Lori+ CALTHORPE explained. He had not recom-
mended the emp osment of force.
The Duke of WELLINGTON was sorry to be com-
pelled to retreat to the Noble Lord hiiiiwnexpiessions.
But he had'cettaialftalked of withdrawing the British
troops, and. leaving the planters unprotected, io the
power of the negio population.
Lord CALTHORPE had only expressed his asto-
nishment that the planters should set the British Go.
vernynent at defiance, when they' knew that it had this
treinend power i'. its hinds.
Lord SEAFORD said, that he certainly did not con-
sider the present incidental discussion as a fit opportu-
nity to enter much at large into the question ;
but he
felt that fie should be guilty of injustice to the great in.
tetest with which he was connected, if he otaitted alto-
gether the opportunity of stating to their Lordships his
sentiments upon the subject. He bad never before ad-
dressed their Lordships upon this queition, in which he
was deeply interested; and he would now, therefote,
'submit to t'tem a brief sketch of his opinions upon the
subject. He could. not do so better than by quoting
hed
the
words of a Report of the African Institution, publis
in the year 1815. The Noble Lord here read a pretty
long extract from the-Report, which set rorth in sub-
stancethat the Institution did not look,forward to eman-
cipatiOn by in insurrection of the negroess, or other
violent means; but by a benign and gradlial change of
Opinion, by the effect of separate and voluntary maim-
missions sliding imperceptibly into general freedoms. by
a the ge. in effecting which the master should be a
more,willing party than the slave. He was convinced
that this was the only mode id which slavery could
be
edgy or beneficially extinguished. It must be by sepa-
rate and partial matopmissions, aorentiog gradually
Into general freedom--afeeetlom, in the production of
which sot the slay" but the masters, are the instru-
ment*, and the withal; inswitMents. It was a liberty
only to be effected by
:the introduction of moral im-
provement, in whiChthe master of the slate Must be the
principal agent. For this sentiment he had the authority
4304r_ ..Canniog, who hail introduced it in a passage of
the 010 A Spleadid. elitgsence. which, with permission.he.sioisld"tead to :the Holte..—(The liable Lord here
swag en expect from one of Mr.:Ceaaing's epeecheo—
with !fajtct to the small degree of 'aid Which this great
WS, good work could derive fiom - lehislative enact-
he *ate foundsanetion for" his opiniou in Mi.
)llsiogbasis's work on.colonialpoliCy. The author of
!hat worksaid, that Whitten! Parliament or 'Council
in Great BriXaia Andarlook task of legislating for
the Colonies, must aisindoa of- legislating for
great Britain, pattlito muitiO parity to peglect the
111Orlt:if iegistating foe tha'West. Indies. The linty of
tegialating for thelrist Indiis ought to be left to local
•kiuserlodgertod information.; :He could farther coo°.
borate this•Opinton lay, that Cif" Ms. Foot,- Oho, in the
plenitide of hispower, and on the eve of the abolition
is glee Slave Trade, had said, that, the, idea of emanci-
pron by, the authority of
.the British Parliament, was
notch-imams in its Consequence,. extra tagert in its con.
tiOtioot Nut inpyracticabte in its execution. The last
aethorityfrto which hp shield refer,sn4 perh#pa it was also
the grnatest„. was' this .cr Mr. Wilberforge, who in 1804,
two years before the had said, -that after tte
abolition of the Slave Trade, all subsequent measures
milk' be, left to the Colonial Legislatures. This was, a 3
he had sap, two year's- before the abolition ; it might
perhao f* difficult to 60a any similar language pro-
ceeding Beim the same,;Ource since the ObOlition. The
qUotationa he had made bom the Repoit Oldie Akio-
CiatiOD) (rem Canning. 'Brougham, Pox,..ind Wilber-
force,. Constituted. his vied upon this subject. But to
the reCammendation-of
.the Noble Lord, that of coma
Okay manuotissioo, he coul4 never assent. He
sleeted thot.Governinent had ever abandoned the ptin-
e.iele:of gradual and voluntary emancipation, the only
principle .1 which histoiy ifforded any successful ex-
ample, for that Of compulsory toiseeasissions which was
dangerous in.its Smow.piiteeteCti, extravagant in its
ea,.12 Ow,. and. opits,execution impracticable. Salons
tut the slave fek thaitlftii,.l4attounssioti depeOded upon
she will pf his,naa'sl'er, be would, be ilesirous to please':
bipt, if his manumiseiots weieto be.ctimpulsory upon the
master, be wootd feelit b interest to di*lnish his own
and smiles birtsielf as wrirthleis to his master as
ha to
comet.'lb .04ther band, die master would
utchscied to deprive the slave of the means of pup.
-assist; his fosselom, and to taki away from him the
tadolgainens he, Roar. enjoyed: They might
'impel him Oa 'the* did so posik* for the wh-
ale's", of she slaie IVO as the., labourers of this
ciao d:V.I were provided for; but they. could not compel
Dint to lei** in the power of the slate the means of
Otaaki a find for the paschal* of his own freedom.
'They Would, in fact, drive the master to this indirect
course of perpetuating his property, and thus aura.
*ate instead of mitigating she -4rrila infietetst in the re-
lation of master and dive, and "poloist:those feelings
et astral good wilt which were now found to subsist.
Ater theie reasons, nut ins,belsOlf Of the master so much
as of the davelhemnst engross >t feeling adverse to the
*passes of the Noble Lord. .-With respect to the Reso-
led* of Parliament and the, teders_which the Govern-
wainebad limped, they bad his entire approbation, and
be tegretted that tfley had not experienced a more fa.
vosrable reception in the West 'lndies. But he felt
bound to say that thelmotives of the Colonists had been
grossly Mitsepresented,hy the two Noble Lords, and
that what the Colonists had &me hailbeen treated with
tidegree of convn,spt which' was altogether unjust. He
would not go hoe a detailed examination of the Coasts-
lidsted Slave pfl offfamaica but upon one point, and
'that which wits ci!' all others the 'most important, that
of moral irospro'eatent and religious instruction, he
vientored to bit/ th'ie wet...no ground of dissatisfac-
tion with the disposition knanitested by the planters.
Upon this' subject. he conbilently appealed to the
'Noble Lord, whet bid psemtled over the Colonial
IDgpartment it Oil period d. (be retort improvement
-is the Chotch EVOlslishmetit hi' die IYOt Indies, and
bad stilllheiftjently had opportunities Of correspond-
leg !All the BishE ps—he confidendfappealed to the
'Noble lord re w state what he kne of the disposition
boils W the Legislatures of the West India Islands and
.Of the,tolonistss with ,respect to this imPortant subject.
lie insisted upon di!, because it war of the greatest
ilitportatice. Moral improvement was the only safe
basis of ernancipatiOn. Without regard to this, they
epsq never accomplish ohs{ pasrpoie, consistently with
*at condition to which they lad solemnly pledged
theinsetves, at the tease time that they bad pledged
'ffaesosetves trielfe'Ct the great work a emancipation.—
. he condition emoncipatiia should be ac-
1014Plisheil by such Meatiss were compatible with the
isytt„,being of the s nave,. Berth she salty el the Coloo
''d srltltsdlp itabivirti.tised pric •
es property.
14x1 BATH bowleg been refeend to, bad'
gees pleases is being enoldedso state, boot camp.,
iskoloackickid kohl wish the of Jamaica and
Blipaleas• that thus Peaatesia tbsii theuiti thiossfi

Planter...generally Most solicit-
_ _-_-, and religton,autOug their slaves.
In anoiber particular alio, be most corroborate the state.
ment of his Noble Friend, They were pledged to the
abolition of slavery—but they were equally ple,tged
that it should be accomplished in a manner compatible
with the welfare of the slaves, the tranquillity and
safety of the Islands, and the integrity of properly.,,
One of these pledges was as binding uporfrhem as tbf
other. And with whatever difficulties it might be aid
tended, it was their duty to attempt to fulfil both. By
adhering to the present system, there was the greatest
probability that both might be accomplisbed.l—at least
no system had yet been suggested which appeared so
likely to lead to the fulfilment of both.
The Petition was then ordered to lie upon the table. •
Lord CA LTHORPE then presented Petitions to the same
effect from Eirtniogham and Wakefield.
Several Bills were forwarded in their respective stages without
discussion, after which the House adjourned until tomorrow (this
day).
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Colonel DAVIES presented a Petition from the Glove Manu-
facturers of Worcester, praying for Protection from Foreign Gloves.
Mr. ROBINSON gave notice, that on Thursday he should pre-
sent a Petition from the Mayor and Corporation of Worcester. on
the state of the Clove Trade of that city, and would then call the
attention of the' House to the subject.
Sir R. VIVIAN presented Petitions from Falmouth, and ano-
ther place in Cornwall; for the Abolition of Negro Slavery.
Sir R. VIVIAN waved that an Address be presented ,to his
Majesty, to give directions to all his Consuls abroad, to make Re-
ports of the Reguladons respecting the Import and Export of all
Merchandite, and the Duties payable thereon; in the corntries in
Which. duty reified.
Mr. WARD presented a Petition from the Lord Mayor and,
Liverymen of London; one of whom was Mr. Hutu, praying for
Io Regidation of the Office of Sherif and Secondary of the City of
loondon;
Mr. Alderman WOOD said, the Petition had been alined IttJ
December, since diet a Committee of the Cofpotetion had matte a'
Report that the °Aloe of Secondary should be sold as ,16311, eon.'
trary to WI prayer of the 'Petition. He therlght no place should
be sold, and would sqpport the prayer of the Petition.
Mr. Alderman W4/THMAN hoped a general regulation of
the Office et Sheriff all obey the kingdom would speedily take place.
' Mr. TALBOT presented a Petition from the Irish Mining
Company against the Importation of Foreign Lead.
lik JOHN BRIDGES presented a Petition from the Reverend
Sir Harcourt Lees against fnrther Concessions to the 'Catholics.
Colonel CHICHESTER presented a Petitioofrom the cciustty
of Wexford, against Frauds in the Police Establishment of Ireland.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a Petition from Mr. Henry Thcas
vier, complaining of the atisapplkatiou of money received from the
French Government as compensation for British subjects.
Sir W. ROWLEY presented tworPetitions from places in Suf
folk_ for the shade* of Slavay.

Mr. SPOTTISWOODE presented a similar Petition from
Saltash.
Mr. PENDARVIS presraited a Petition front an indiehiesel
named Hawkins, in Cornhall, against Ecclesisadcal Fees on virs)!
tamentary property. • -
Mr. Alderman WAITH MAN presented a Petition from the
parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, against the Bill for extending '.ht
power of the Coenroiseimers 'for building new churches. He
hoped the Bill would not be pressed dining the present Session: •
Mr. LYTTLETON said, the Commissioners for building new
churches bad conducted themselves with great discretion i bucks
thought the petitioners were entitled to have their objections to the
Bill considered, and that time Abilld be allowed for that mop**.
Mr. WESTERN printed a Petition form•the inhabitants of
Chelmsford, and three other places In Essex, against Slavieriss the
West
Leer :11GRAVIC presented a similar Petition from . er•
• Mr. Aide/Man THOMPSON presented a Peados from We'.
Bechtold, N0.'1400. Holbrien Bridge, praying that a' arose. Mil •
be inserted in the Alehouse LicenUog li for the protettioad the
Vintners' Conqsany. - •
Sir ROBERT WILSON presented a Petition from the paidsb
of St. George, Cestiberwell, against -the New Churches Bid.
Mr. HOBHOU'SE h4ed the Bid was not •di hi pressed this
Session. • Whoa :the bidbon War granted the Chimeellor -of the
Exchequer distinctly stated, that the public should not be cilia 9a
for any further sums on that account,. instee of which: ,the
went to- establish a complete system of taxation. Wed.
Bill would be misipenedtill seat *essittn. ' ••• ' '
Mr. W. SMITH premed-thepositoneusent of *tin;
Mr. MARSHALL reoommendedthat time shouldha Mi
the consideration of the WI till ant ,Ses.lon. •
Leeds
.
'Mr. MARSHALL presented a Petition from L esal4ist the
Burning of •Wedriwsla‘ladia.
Sir GEORGIC MURRAY'presented papers is explidaii if
the measures taken by Government for the Anchored's...Alb-
very in the West Indies.
Mr. BERNAL presented a Petition from Mr. Wm. Newland.
complaining that the 'Corneille:users for liquidating claims on the
French Government had &Unwed the Petitioner but three' per
cent. interest colds debt homed of hve pee cent. which had been
allowed to other adamants.
The CHANCELJAut lAA@ EXCHEQUER mid the/ could
not deal with a partholer case, but mast decide all claims by a
general rule. Me. Nevi/land bad Made two• appeals to the Privy
Council, by whom his claim had boon allowed to the fullest nom
io which be was added.
Sir,GEORGE PHILLIPS saki a house la Manchester for.
Warded their claim for a large sum to a banker In Paris, who did
sot possum lc in time. He burped they would not bi compethrd td
/BM their ateneyby the delay of the French bankers, particularly m
there was 1140,0001. of the sum received from the French Govern-
ment "unapptied.
'Mr. BRlGHTnoticed the claims of those Gentlemen seise kid
unspened the French prisoners (hring the period that the French
Gememmit had rineontractors in this country for that purpose,
andilemnaded that it unease which merited and called for the se-
elms soundest and coosideratfon of the Government.
• Biz GEORGE PHILLIPS said the French Papers eazplained
of the frond Facia* by the British Government on the Freticlai
Government, by tiding s Min of money on pretence. of satiol
,CHANCELLOR Mos Drills' claimants. andupplylng it to tire use of the Govern-
.
of the EXCHYVER said, that the
nam sided to by the Hon. Member (Mr. Bright) dearly dld.not•
Mai ender the Treaty of Paris. With rr,pect ro that dam
lowa which bad been necked by the Hon. Baronet (Sir Q.
lips), however great the hardship might be, still it a party, through
his agents, did not apply within the specific! dine. be must sects.
eerily be the !Mee.
Mr. SPRING RICE said, as long es There tans me just claim
uneatielied, the money should not be oppliet to any 'ebbe alike.
plaar.
Mr.) BERRIES said, farther time had, beta ince afforded.M.
those who had not preferred their claims; butthere must lion same
limit fixed, or there would be ao end of Jaime. •
Mr. SEYMOUR said, he derived a tch;an from his *dm a
,0001., but if the Government would apply it to use palmlike
the National Debt. lie would glaillyigin it up for that purpose.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL &voila that while any surplus ri.
..„
mained, no just claim shouldhe shut tutu.
Mr. COURTENAY Weida in a. Bill to amend tiMLawe ri;
biting to Pilots and Bahr.-head a first time, and orderedaille
read a second time on Thursday.
Mr. HEATHCOTE preiented a Petition front theWoolerowne
of Boston for protection against. Foreign Wool.
Mr. PEEL moved the tbir4 tending of the Church Brief Bill.'
Mr. LYTTLETON nogratukted the-ruble and.the Clergy
at the Bill having been taken under the protection of the Right
Hon. Gentleman. by irbidi it was rendered more perfect than if it
had been left in his (Mr. Lyttleton's) hands. He was sorry the
Hon. Alderman mutant present irbo tied stated that Hsieh were
fumed, as he was now convinced of his error.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN said his Hon. Conmirse desired
him to state that be bad been ndstakeib—The BIN itas-irtardatho
time and passed.

_ 1111711. T.

The CHANCELLOR etiii-e--,EXCHaRKER My" the
Order of the Day for the Howe gektineo a Cora*ttemg EkikplY
to Ms Majesty. The Eight Be.. Outketan took WA *por-
osity of sayil, that a propeakki wf.tdt he bet Intended di sob.
sit ea the &object et Education he should ba obliged to palpate
to thysett Seisms.
Er. S. RICE had go objection to the cone lotendettte be por•
teed, as, st dte remelt neatest, die discnaska of the dilatation of
esittearioo in !retard might give re to a debate wide maga fed
unrodoedve of good.
Sir J. NEWPORT, in justice to Mansell whit relit est:e to tee
Cork Institution, said, that when that grant wars wade, it wee sti-
pulated that It timid Luc three plats and no halm He, therefensi
retested evilest bring called the father of the continued stash
The•CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ladyfinger Int-
gated to the Hosalert. that there was a" Orin the (vaginal
MGR LBWIS wished to know whack:die ion
of the Comosksiemen,' relative a the Botanical GentSiti. 46 . 4
Agpriooltural Society, kid boss attended tot • - • • •
After a lsw wake from Mr. V. &WAVY and MA
P. wpm wtobad soirdwa
the met &elk%

•
•
•
•
t e sa Moon II
be unnecessary delay. As to the application of force. out to promotesnorall
. _r tathit•ll 7. ft Anther Dal giCalat
