COPENHAGEN, oc•rourtt 4.

The Naiad corvette, Captain Uldall, which arrived
here on the 21st ult. from its station in the West Indies,
had en board Lieutenant-Colonel Von Scho:ton, Di-
rector cf the Customs. He brought the agreeable news
that good crops may be expected this season, after they
have failed for seven successivg years. On the other
hand, some uneasiness was felt lest the reports of eman-
cipation disseminated from England should cause dis-
turbances among the negroes, who are well treated by us.
A chart of the whole south coast of Iceland has just
been published officially.
FRANKFORT, SP.PTESIII3ER 10.

Letters from Odessa of the 22d of September say, that
they have there accounts from Constantinople of the
16th, according to which people were very impatient to
see whether the Porte would actually realise the con-
cessions made in the confetence of the 30th of August,
by the Reis Effendi to Lord Strangford. In general,
however, it was believed that the Divan will perform
what the Reis Effendi has promised, the interview of
the two Emperors having excited considerable sensa-
tion at Constantinople; and we are convinced that these
concessions will suffice to restore the diplomatic rela-
Itions between the Porte and Russia. The Government
continues to spread reports as usual of dissentions among
the creeks. Meantime the same barbarous warfare
continues, and in Rhodes the most dreadful cruelties
have been practised by the troops of Hassan Pacha, who
rebelled against him. Above 3000 defenceless Chris-
tians were dragged into slavery.

The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund, whose daily
purchases always include a certain amount of Si per
cent. stock, were compelled yesterday to leave them in-
complete, from inability to obtain the requisite quantity
of that security. When first introduced into the mar-
ket, this stock, either from its fractional rate of interest,
or some other cause, was so much objected to by the
brokers, that few of? them would deal in it, or make
purchases ; but it has now, on account of the expected re-
demption of the 4 per cents. become a favourite security.
Nearly all the capitalists who engaged in the loan under
which the 3i per cents. were created, suffered very severe
losses, and some were wht l'y ruined by the twdertaking.
AUSTRIAN LOAN.—For some months past, even be-
fore the commencement of the war in Spain, an ar-
rangement on the part of Austria for the repayment of
a part of her debt to Great Britain has been currently
talked of. That arrangement is, we hear, at length
completed. It had been referred to the houses of Messrs.
BARING Bnorsizns, Messrs. Item, IRVING, and Co. and
Mr. N. M. ROTHSCHILD, to determine what amount
should be paid in the first instance by Austria ; and
those gentlemen have, we understand, fixed on the sum
of 2.500,000/. sterling, v hich is forthwith to be raised
as a loan to the Austi ian Government, the whole of
which is to be paid to this country. The terms of the
contract are, we believe, agreed on, although not yet
made public.
131sti HAS BEGcm—The First of the Thtee £20,000
Prizes which the present Lottery Scheme contained,
was drawn soon alter twelve o'clock yesterday, No.
18,564, and was sold in One Half, One Quarter, and
Two Eighth SHARES, by Bum, at his Fortunate Offices,
4, Corohill ; and- 9, Charing-Cross, where the holders
may receive the value of their respective Shares on de-
mand ; the Wheel is very rich, the above and a £2OOO
Prize being the only great Capitals drawn yesterday.
Tickets and Shares, warranted undrawn, are on Sak at
both of Diva's Offices, aad by his Agents in the Country.

ittlE THEATREI.

• * DRURY-LANE.
•
M Road 16 Ruin attracted a numerOtis fashion-
able audience !act night. MUNDEN, whose first appear-
ance this season was greeted with rapture, felicitously
abstracted himself from the drollery which he usually
brings with him, to pourtray the fond anxiety of a weak,
kind, indignant, but forgiving father. The scenes be-
tween him and atarrox, who was the representative
of Harry Dornton, were rich in all that could give value
to such a performance, and commanded the entire at-
tention and fervent acclamations of the whole house.
HARLEY as Gol4fißCh was all life; KNIGHTWSS admira-
ble in Silky; and TERRY gave the blunt speeches of old
Sulky with appropriate strength and humour. The
Widow was well sustained by Mrs. HARLOWE, and Miss
BOOTH, in the romping part of Sophia, was quite at
home.—The Farce or Old and Young succeeded, in
which Miss CLARA FISHER afforded a high treat in the
three 11/01vbrays, and WAS unanimously applauded.
