distress, year after yowl: one oft wilds dedr
ptopotrad a die. teat evastiog.dia moot Cote.-
Erwerwipirdon. It, tlintefestaletmosorsorteriet to inquire
hoer far concession wasid tiara remstriectlewezieting evils P
Tier mac he reflected oh the . the more he
was
convinced that by concession of the Catholic claims,
`the more would the misery of Ireland be increased
.the more strongly would her shahs be- rivetted.l,
Hie Lordship then went on to state the *fleets of Porno
opon the habits of its professors. Ile should paste**
France and Germany for obvious seasons, and shoal.
refer to Switzerland. where be toyed in the Protestant
Cantons, comfort, cleanliness, and ever? other blessing
calculated to make man happy r hi the Catholic Cantons
the direct reverse was observable. Among the Callostlies
of Ireland the same effects were produced by the samtr
cause—Popery. In Italy also (the garden of &trope)
the same misery and filth presented themselves, gene.
rated by the same cause—Popery; except, indeed,
in 'reseal, where the Jight of Protestantism bad
partially btoken in. But on our nearer approach
to the head quarters of . popery—Rome itself, we
would find filth and misery on the increases, Similar
observations were applicable to Spain and Portugal, and
every other country in which the Catholic religion
prevailed. He bad said enough to convince every,
patriot that the concession of the Catholic Claims would
reduce the people of this country to a state of the most
abject slavery, misery, and calamity, of which the state
of man was capable.--(The Noble Lord then referred
to the existence of the Catholic Association, which he
denominated a Parliament sitting from day; to day,,, in
the practice of all that was illegal and unconstitOttral).
One of the polished geniuses of Popery in that may,
la addressing his deluded countrymen, used this exciting
quotation,
"Hereditary nondsmen.
Know le net. who would he free themselves •
Must strike the blowy
(Hear.) He was sure every Noble Lord would agree
that the sooner such a state of things was terminated the
better. The.people were kept blindly in the power of the
Nests, who were the bitter enemies of the Protestant,
establishment, especially those educated at Maynooth
College-who were, in almost-every reopened learning
or conduct, inferior to those brought op in foreign seen.
narks ; the latter being Gentlemen and scholars.
(Hear). If it were wished to perpetuate the miseries of
Ireland, be would says Gi let Catholic Emancipation be'
greeted ; the fate of Ireland will then soon be decided by
the establishment of that imperial, in impale of which
we have heard so much in this House--thea will you be-)
hold that principle of Popery, that no faith is to be kepi 1
with heretics, acted open to its utmost possible
Having said so much in opposition to the remedy pro. i
posed by his Noble Friend, it was only fair to gate bill,
own 'remedy for the evils of Ireland, namely. " a vaPPI7I
of work for the people"--(Hear I)—a measure whicio
welted not only relieve the starving population of that
country, but prevent the necessity for their anntudir
emigrating So ibis, in order to pick up a few pounds
with which to pay their rents, their families in their
absence being obliged so beg. That manure would pat
the people completely beyond the power of the do-
magogues. He should now mention in what manner'
employment might be provided for the people, namely,
by she establishment of a sufficient fund, from a general
'land or absentee tax. From suck a ma a most
material benefit would result, effecting :ins shoot•
time not only st great change on the face of the
..country, but also in the habits of the people, and
Iseand would be rendered, what she was not at present,:
e.desirable place. lie had no faith in hail measures, of
which that called conciliation was one. Hp ?mold say,
`44 let something be done, in order to .tranquillise the
<country.; but, in the first place, put an extinguisher. on,
'the Popish Parliatnent"--(Hear. heat).--Before he sat
,down, he begged leave to call the attention of their
'Lordships to a .Report laid before the Guild of Mer-
chants in Dublin, in which it was proved most sad::
.factoiily that thegreat mass of property and infi mace
in Ireland was Protestant, and not Popiib, and that
'that the Protestants required was to he suppos ted,in
%thigh case they .souls see that every thing would,go
on well.
The Duke of WELLINGTON—I shall troubleyoui,.
Lordships with a very few words, and thole .shall be
'solely directed to the important question before your
Lordships, namely, whether a Committee of this. filuse
'shall be appointed to loquire into the state of lie-
land, and to report thereon? Before, however. lino-
end to that
.point, I beg leave ..-to :.assure -your Lord-
shir,that I am fully impressed -with theoconvictioo,
that there is no part of his Majesty's t opinions that
so imperatively demands the constant- attention of his
Majesty'. Gmetament as Ireland. .My Noble _ Friend
(Earl Darnley) tells, us, that in Ireland. there are .siz
wildcats-of people who. require-employment. He has
moreover- told• us,.. that. all the wealth of behind. would
be insufficient to, supply.ahat employment. if think my
NOM.' Ftiertd bar in-both cases exaggerated. I think
'it is not the fact that six millions of:-people in Ireland
require employment. But them is.no use in inquiring
into that part .of the. subject; became, is point of fact,
we have abeedant -evidence. before, us.. as • the Noble
Lord eery 'Dilly stated, to convince us that 'the poor of
Ireland are siffering, under very considerable distress,
It ' is< not. use• shat. they suffer under the infliction of
that.olistvees-..at -all times, or in every year ; :but kit
rrot• that at particular seasoni'cif certain years; from
the-nature .of. their. food,, vtyy., great disttess and, suf-
fesiog-is • experienced.-by them. .The Noble:Jarred
tells as, that tm. mat . food might be traced
rosily of the miseries of, insiastd—Abat it: (pewee!)
can be procured for At mere isifior-rhe sla?•1
for three farthingiper:amee+.: Now, it appeal,: corbel
that the fact of provisions being min had at.that poke,
can hardly be brosighb leeward as &serviettes-of the
necessity of-inquiry.eacepenebeo that food shall &gravy
time have bees found to have failed.. That• it deeo.so
fail has -been proved to-us ; ciestsoooiPt •alllhotitr have
stated it, and of:the famihort can be Redoubt. ,Bet.nay.
Noble Friend says, that the distress being so -extensive,
we trenobt Mice, sU ; he, therefore,. arguesibus; N Let
us relieve the aged; the sick, the impotent. and.the
less.". But, my Lordsethe Gtntry- -of Ireland basin al.
ready contributed, very• largely to the relief -of tituse
classeo—(Heye) This is a fact that cannot be. contro-
verted. It is 140 true thatnotwithstasodiegell that could
be done le effeethis beaevolent object.that when maw*
of peculiar digress arrive, the Creatlemen of Ireland
have found it inipossNde-to_selieva all that .suffered
under digit pressure.. New I shelled' my Noble bawl,
that if be content hiontelf with velieviorthesgedolllll
impotent; the lame, and *iv sick be- will -go- a- weer
short way isclae4tewards *Navies the distress which 4.
kit Ittihad kens • theiwout of 01.101orgneg*'4110".
boar). But one-other abtervatlearwilse poor-maw of
tbir 'country, era applied is map,. isrianceioiar fee
bung work' :tot -As_ Mtn isadilil,..oad tho , •
why that systeni-ame.bt pereianatia:is, that, if .
week be .ant 'applied-- to the rabW IsWitd,.ther
bodied• will: hewn* sick. -Wool34lltalat your,
ships• to considurifthat'it such; sibodoillimid bombe*
were to be thrown upon Irelaiid.'es the supply og
food for the sick, would Got the coaSequeuce be,
