LETTER SECOND.

Januar, ?.

SlR—You may 'middy inragine—feeling as I do for
As sue of our common country—that the temptation
ro address it through a channel so unpolluted as the
kolurmis of the STAR, ii too powerful for ma to resist
4 luch a crisis. When exempla of prostration roe
alarming as thit afforded by the Kent Letter, give token
a the mental servitude—the bondage—tg which this
ogee high-minded and generous nation is reduced, it is
time fur those, who not participating is the column de-
geueracy, still feel that their iountry can ble razisonsid

primary a estiena ,
be permitted to avail myself of your instrumentality,

the purpose of directing to this important—this over-
whelming subject—the attention of him, under whose
almost absolute controul circumstances seem to have

spired to compress the mental energies of a whole empire.
It may be profitable to investigate the probable working,
and the possible issue, of this all-pervading principle ;
and while we deplore its emasculate character, and
hideous proportions, to endeavour to extract from the
unwholesome weed a salutary balsam ; a powerful
and efficacious—who knows ? perhaps, a renovating
remedy—a strong discutient medicine for the cure
of the disease now feeding on the vitals of the body
politic. If, Sir, the contemplation of the slavery to which
e have beOn brought—quite as much by our own crimi-
nal supineness, as by his unparalleled usurpations—excite
us at last in shame and anger to burst the bonds of our
unseemly vassalage, it may issue even to our advantage,
ultimately, that this slavery has been put upon us. For
without that keen stimulant which the deep sense of our
humiliation now supplies, who knows whether we might
not have sunk inglorious below the mark of possible re-
generation, beneath the slow and tempered encroach-
ments of a lees glaring—and therefore, more undermining
—ambition ?

Humbled and fallen as the souls of Englishmen now
appear, the point of revulinon—l am persuaded—lies
closer to the surface, than this lordly minister imagines.
I call, then, on the Duke of WELLINGTON—whiIe he
yet possesses it—to turn to good account this ascendency
that he holds over men's minds. I call upon him to be
honest to his countrymen—l call on him to be honest to
himself. I tell the Duke of WELLINGTON that the
hour is at hand, when neither special Juries can avail to
repress the demonstration of public opinion, nor con-
RUPT MAJORITIES in his Parliament, to extricate him
from the self-chosen and awful responsibility to which
he stands committed. Let him, then, if be will be wise
in time—if he will not turn quite a deaf ear to one,
who would proffer honest counsel—if be would not
wholly spurn the dictates of prudence, let him pull .up,
and check his dangerous career. Let him know, and
feel assured, that his fellow subjects will no longer pas-
sively assent to bear the continued pressure of unde-
served wrongs ; that they will no longer tamely witness
his invasion of the public liberties, nor submit unresisting
to the fraudulent denial of rights, too long injuriously
withheld. Let him not lay to his bosom the fallacious
hope, that—without the intervention of some extraordi-
nary legislative enactment—the Vessel of the State can
ever again right itself; but opening his mind to the ad-
mi,,sion of a great truth, to the clear and forcible conviction
of the imperative necessity under which he lies, to
strengthen his administration by some bold and all-heal-

ing measure; let him announce to his MASTER and his
Colleagues, his determination to use the unbounded pre-
valeve by which he governs—if that prevalence have
not ylt deserted him—to introduce as a Cabinet measure
the all-paramount question of REFORM, in the represen-
tation of Us—the PEOPLE—in Parliament.

Then, indeed, may the Duke of WELLINGTON at
tempt the arduous task of endeavouring to put things in
order. Then, may he hope to repair the effects
of a calamitous policy, and to succeed in unra-
velling the web, which a continuance therein will
but the more intricately entangle : and then—but not
until then—may he look to regain and secure the affec-
tions of a much abused, but ever indulgent, poople.
Ant mat tollere male et non potest, out pates! et non
volt: out segue volt neque potest, ant et mat et potest.
Si wit et non potest, imbecillus est—Si potest et non
volt, invidus est—Si negate wit neve potest, et invidus
et imbeeillni est —Si melt et potest, uncle erri, mot
make? Ant car ilia non to/lit ?

If the Duke of WALLISVOTON refuse his tongue to
these interrogatories, in his conduct we may read the
answer.

THE DUKE OP WELLINGTON AND THE PEOPLE.

LITTIR THIRD.

Jansiuy 13.

Sea,—The moral infection generated by the .exansple
of the Kentish Letter is profiling its boastful effects,
and, he have noir before us a corresponding trait of abject,
servility on the part of the county of Derby. .Thi. the tito
riot of alls county—keeping tree to its @lariat precedent
—pima by 'aids an Liquidly ettsoliisary tilted* !kw!
Const*tional Authorities of ,the seals. It is sot ad-
tbrosoed to the Ministers! .nor to the Ridiames* sow to
the s : bat To ki Gra*, co. MA
Witztuts TO*;"-.6410aeipabs" OK al/ LS all. Lietius

VI-

tional distresses, which even upon their own showing,
would enfold/to almost idiot. into eloquence.
Good Goo, Sir, whither are the people's senses fled?
How shall the country rid itself of such an incubus ?
How dare we hope—to whom, or to what dare we look—
for the atom of leaven, which shall be efficacious as well
to the regeneration of the public mind, as to the restora-
tion of decaying institutions, and surreptitiously ab-
stracted rights ? Possibly, I dare offer to my countrymen
the consolation of the flattering—and let me trust, not
fallacious—hope, that the evil carries with it the seeds of
its own dissolution : not, however, that I would build
upon this expectation, unless the dominion of our present
rulers be suffered yet a little to continue its unchecked
career. I would have the arbitrary bearing of the
swordsmen, yet more odiously and unambiguously de-
veloped—more strongly contrasted, even than it now is,
with the public feeling, and national prejudice, and con-
stitutional usage.
On these grounds it is, that I deprecate a Rica Noun
Ministry, and indeed any Ministry—just now—but the
actual Ministry : for I differ from you toto ccelo in the
opinion which you have expressed, that the continuance
of the Noble Duke in power is to entail the certain over
throw of our Institutions. No, Sir : I regard the con-
tinuance of this man in power, as the only chance which
opens a door to our political salvation—the proximate
cause, from which must emanate ere long the re-assertion
of our popular independence—the only foundation on
which to rest the shade of the shadow of a hope, that our
rights and liberties shall not be utterly and irredeemably
ravished. Steel--as you eloquently remark—ought net
to glisten, where civil intelligence alone should congre-
gate ; but if the glitter of this steel shall reflect such a
light, as shall direct honest men into the right path—if
the peremptory government of the swordsman should
rouse the lethargy, and dissipate the torpor in which the
plain common 'sense of the country has been so long
sealed and buried—the attempt at the Rae asssiv z
SYSTEM may issue to the people's advantage: the in-
wardly exciting• germ of inflammation may event in
healthy character, and suppuration restore soundness to
the morbid body.

I argue, therefore, that it will be wholesome for as,
to creep about yet for a brief season, " under the huge
legs" of this overbearing Premier—for Me fester is
not yet ripe, and he would show himself an unskil-
ful surgeon, who prematurely would prick the pus-
tule. The suffering frame would not be relieved by
such precipitancy, nor the malignity of long standing
disease imbibe from it any mitigative principle. No, Sir !
the day-star of regeneration•beams not over the House of
L•tr box ; and fatal would be that change, which—under
the insidious mask of a revival of Old English feelings—
should but rivet afresh those fetters, which have so long
peded the nation's energies : fetters, every link in
estich—from overstraining—is ready to bunt asunder,
aid• requires but an extra turn of the screw to maid
eat disruption which shall for ever set free a deluded and
Oppressed people.
Not lees, therefore, onprincipk, than on sound piney,
*Mast I deprecate the idea of a" Hitt' s()); Administra-
tit*" He is the sworn enemy, I conceive, to renova-
lib*: helms openly declared his hostility to Parliamen-
tary Reform. Such a Cabinet as the Duke of Men-
tos* D could organise, would but bast the•eifect of
pierponing regeneration—without which, we die. He
sod his patty could only exist by berrUption. Besides
those weighty considerations, the false glare bf mu-
Witty, which any administration, following that which
now scourges us, would in great probability stink%
would be used by the people's oppressors to blind asm*
their political perceptions, and blunt those sensibilities,
to which the haughtiness of the present men has hap-
pily given so exquisitely keen an edge. Let es, thou,
not be precipitate, nor hurry overmuch advancing snots,
which are bringing redemption with them.
SIDNEY. SIDPIIII.

SIDNEY TO THE KING..

Lltri'Kß Plittr.
Sian —A plain dealing, but loyal sabject—one of 'plain
understanding, but inaccessible to the troikas inartistic;
:yr./sun—feels it hie duty, in this crisis of hie. conutty's
fate, fearlessly to .address his_ Kato. When perceive
around me so away viessentaetoesial tgeorgunisaikoni DP
litany signs of political eontuhrion—nor onasfsetuting
classes reduced to naeodicity, oelterinsitaval iperatipa,
deo-dint the Viinhoust—eislaibti utak* *OA* 49,,
aiiiimares of the WO* M.OO iU Silk--!
Dna Do elass Of your MD.IROPT:o poops; *artist pietas.

K. • -4'""•...- ^ •
14

fixed annuitants; turiffected by the enivereal pros-
when I see, moreover, Saidit MI6 • concurrence

alarming symptoms, the power of the State incapably
wielded, its authority abused, its rnsources corruptly ex-
-a season of public emergence, like ibis, is no
for complimentary formalities and vain raspect.
veneration for your august suprestacy--tn allegiance

your sacred Person—in enthusiasm for that Constitu-
, of which the Kingly office is the fundamental pri9-
ciple-1 yield to no man in your MAJ urea dominions :
proportion to the intensity with which ! surrendur
to these attachments, is my disquietude lest by
. of yours—yet by acts purporting to maniac lima
tie between King and People may be dissevered.
‘s, a fellow-subject has been convicted of a Ws,/

your 'lame, because he has hed the temerity to
maintain truths, unpalatable to the Duke of Wxs..ta 6-
ii this an endurable proCeeding Is it conatitu-
thus to identify the Sovanaiaw witk an act of

. outrage, and make him a party to a fierce affront
against the people—to an odious invasion of one of their
invaluable and chartered rights—because a tfoseineer-

functionary can ill brook the ceitsure which his ag-
gressions have provoked t I know that, by this indi-
example, your Minister seeks to intimidate tho
country—by the summariness of this► man's ruin, to stifle
to conceal from

your knowledge the dreadful state of oar unparalleled
sufferings. With such evidence of successfully-practised
oppression before him, one of less daring than he who
now addresses you would tremble, lest he incur a similar
vengeance: for his language—though respectful—will
approve itself not less bold ; his statements—not lest
alarming ; hi:, censure—not less severe :

Si fractus illabatur orbis
Impavidum ferient mina.

Stitt, it is a duty which I owe to my country, to declare
to yon—if you are not already acquainted with the truth
—that the people's sufferings, arising out of manifold
acts of oppression ; excessive. partial, and unjust taxation,
and the follies of a fanciful philosophy, have boom,.
nearly insupportable ; and that, by reason of this de-
plorable state of things, the monarchy itself is exposed to
a perceptible danger. The men whose iatereets are bound
up with the maintenance of the present unconstitutional
system, who live by and upon corruption, and who thrive
while the country starves--tbose who direct the councils
of this deeply-injured nation. your MAJESTY'S Mi-
nisters, will not permit you to know and feel what is
thought and said—and I may add, threatened— by a
justly exasperated people.
Know, then, SIRE, that among a very influential, a
very powerful and most respectable, and—if your Mi-
nister would permit it—a most loyal class of your sub-
jects, I mean the YEOMANRY of England, this sentiment
is extensively obtaining—" Death—Relief—or Mis-
chief l" Aye, SIRE, they are the words—they are the
feelings and anticipations of your subjects—such the
awful and painful prospects of once " merge England,"
Is it not, then, time to undeceive your MAiIEFF, when
alternatives so dreadful as these are matter of notorious
proposition ? Nay, more—when the people throughout all
their gradations. ackhowledge that it is come to this—
that one of these three alternatives must be adopted ?
The first of them. who does not deprecate ? Your MA-
JESTY'S paternal heart, I am convinced, would. blood at
the contemplation: The last, what lover of his country
would not strive to avert, while a prospect—however.
faint existed, that the remaining alternative would not
be wickedly withheld by those, who have it in their
power to grant it ?
What, Sirs, then, is to be done? Where will you turn
for that RELIEF, the want of which is dissolving the last
links that bind society together? Where will you seek
support for the Crown, if at length you shall feel it
tottering on your bead Whither will your. MAJESTY
betake yourself, in this hour of usurpation, and peril,
and need? Whither—but to the affections of yoareves
faithful people ? Throw yourself upon them, and:
they will uphold you firmly, But dismiss those evil:
Councillors, who have brought themselves into deserved
contempt, and the constitutional authorities to reproach :
who have done all they can—though they have not dons
it successfully—to alienate from your sacred Person the
allegiance of your constant people. Sire, slake cossemou
cause with your people : return to them : they are
anxious to receive you, to honor you— to protect you from
the factious oligarchy, which they have too muc► reason
to feat oppresses you.

Custos gratis, abes jjns ;finalist ditl-7

Luce* redde tre, Dui bone, patria :
Isom veris ening wits. übi haw
Afulsit popule, gratior it dies,
Et soles =chi, ;West.

Ltrritli 81tCOtiD.

gamin%

SARI— Yow sqbjects in County Meet* aseeesbled
your ancient City of Lincoln, bare spoken in *wog*
not to be inissindenstood—much lees, to be conteired :

" Our burden ere istqtruble, sad !eve? is liphcaurd 1'
, Tbue,to their immortal homer, hove usi chime of Lin-
coln spoken : thus bare they, openly and intrepidly.
meads boons their determination.; sod other., lawmen of
your MAJIWT tee People --InCt !Offther in metitotional
convention—will speedily *beta the stiziag exomple.
Sitio, there is a phis overtodkeo byre, royal towers.
which moot fail to read interestiog rotolhiftioutt t yoLr
14 A J BST T's mind. I usasi *if ?fats: , ALA I, MOM 0
origittato4 a natioa'S.4ilmit7;-;,fllaf,plifirst Am. witness el
7,' /Ito * alliielei. alaPlidol Yd , , , "Alre 1 crigNibeh*
barons *allot peiligitgAlle . iitMcitettasiitier4
is 44 esiz.oll6: tot. iv*
lbw*. 40101• iblitffis pcpmebteg,... orklstiefikaave
,rlOktli RA Ow Orly lowa 4 liffoilf.11ed.4„.111"••

• and fin
1.6„-------.. ____lls 1-1 t 4111"---' •. _ . d\. SUM: I
'f‘ciOr - -., of gars
141 1..
1
( 7
-...f.i,
( )y-____ ,
~. -
-.. -.-
ill.) V Nl
' ' wielded
( peeled
season
,
In vent
.. , X
to your
„ , cOlgarruTzniy.
...203
..ro Tzar% bcolt..:ll
_ 4,lca .... a LIU lion, of
•-i 1 • ciple—
t but in 1
_N_Ai I I _ _ _
myself
Ncs• 13,392. MONDAY •EV :r , ING, FEB. 8, 1830 PRICE 7D. no act'
you—tl
• • SIR'
by their exertions, to make a stand by her yet and to their recorded language, and say if ever freemen
upon y
'jibed institutions :to show a faltering and faint- supplicated in such a tone before ? Analyse the apirit .ntai
people that there are yet among them spirits, of their remonstrance, and say whether our endangered mai
and willing to undertake their salvation—minds yet liberties can look with hope to these craven addressers ?
T SO .
terrified' at the freaks of power, yet undefiled by Let their blind subserviency stand exposed ; let their l'
t
civil ou
mammon of corruption. • i• crouching degeneracy be written upon the walls —and this .
Cordiilly acquiescing in an opinion Which I find ela second instance of the moral degradation of Englishmen against
in
most
pressed in your paper of Monday last, and letensely be held up to the scorn and avoidance of their fellows.
ins- fin
sensitive of the trash of the doctrine therein enforosiC " Sincerely impressed'—say they—" with these RE-
that the REPRESEPTATIos of the People in ,Parliamel* IPECTFUL sentiments, 'chick we hope cannot• be other- gressio
vid
id
IS the master-hey to all the grievances which now afill4 wise than SATISFACTORY to his ilajesty't Government,
_,
US : convinced, as I am, Sir, that on this pivot all we Imo to intonate to Taal:34mm with Id ELairetrave countr]
pima), exertion! mitt to be made q :--and (lien.`lgarrialiiiitni; 4 a.. - i„._
your k,
be permitted to avail myself of your instrumentality, for tional distresses, which even mum their own showing. ' _

. ..
. -
. - 1 its ierrifylng aspect. Is it not high time, then, to buckle
rights, without a comr.,eoburate danger accruing to thediion the armour of moral daring, and to-lay bare the na-
th.rone itself. •
Sla c, Kings have a right co expect allegiance, but that the hideous excrescences engendered by long mis-
tl.e People have a right to demand protection. Now, gore went were at length sue-laded, and a healthy tie-
pin r MAJESTY'S subjects are still jeyal—they still ren- lion sitperinduced in the gangrenous political system?
del to your MAJEsTT their dutiful allegiance—but they Alan! there is but one quarter, SIRE, whence alone re-
, ectire not protection in return. They are despoiled' of demption can now be looked for—whence, alone, re-
that eight, from the due enjoyment of which, alone arises organisation can be invoked.
(11:). MAJ ESTE'S title to the allegiance which they still To my KING, then, I put up my appeal, in this all-
continue. But this condition of things must not be ex- important and alarming crisis. Upon your MAJESTY
pected to endure : it is too unnatural, to exist long—too do your faithful people now call in this hour of peril
nuconstitutienal, to be tolerated long—too odious, not to and distress, to protect their fortunes, their liberties,
draw down on the abettors of the system, exemplary and their lives.: upon you do they lean—since all other sup-
eendign destruction. port is withdrawn from under them—to save the Consti-
But, SIRE, the patriot's eye is unable to contemplate tution and the Crown itself. And shall the pleadings
this proximate probability, without a well-grounded fear of your children be made in vain ? Shall a knot of de.
lest the social edifice itself come down in one general signing and corrupt servants prevail to blunt the sen-
demolition ; and from this anticipation his mind recoils sibilities of your royal bosom, and silence the natural
with disgust and horror :—disgust, that a corrupt oli- yearnings of your heart, to the loud cries of your people
garchy should have brought his suffering country to the for help aid deliverance ; wantonly and wickedly perse-'
verge of so terrible an abyss; and horror, that the Con- vering to interpose between your MAJESTY and your ag-
stitction which he has inherited from his forefathers grieved subjects—at the risk of bloodshed, and confusion,
should be threatened with such a parricidal overthrow. and civil ruin? Already, SIRE, have the signs of the
These, SIRE, are not about to be common times ; the im- times spoken a language which it is impossible to mlisit
mediate future is pregnant of no ordinary peril—no *conceive : already have they indicated what must be the
merely momentary pressure—no passing excitement. fatal upshot of a dogged persistence in the present Oa
The malady is too deep-seated to be longer palliated by of Government: already must they have contributed to
expedients, or corrected by temporary remedies. make the enemies of the Constitution tremble, and the
. _

Si RE, it is my profound and unalterable conviction of
these truths—my attachment to your sacred Rumor:—
and the still intenser love which I bear my bleeding
Country, which impel me to adopt this plain-spoken, but
sincere phraseology. It has been well, and too truly said,
that there never yet was an Aristocracy, sufficiently
great-minded to be wise : and how fatal an illustration of
this remark, events now rapidly hastening to completion
are about to afford, I leave to your MAJESTY to judge. But,
Sine, with the destruction of this limb of limited Mo-
narchy, is involved the annihilation of the monarchical
principle itself: I, therefore, dare hazard the insolent ex-
pression of my firm reliance, that You will be wise in
time—that your MAJESTY will not wait till disorganisa-
tion ensue, nor leave it in the historian's power, when
riting Of GEORGE IV. to say—

Audiit cives acuisse ferrum.

SIRE, I have searched deep and intimately, into the
all extensive and terrible distresses which pervade the
country—l have been a spectator of scenes, the relation
of which would wring with anguish your MAJESTY'S
paternal heart, and cause it to shrink within itself, and
to shuddder at the bare thought that so much misery

should have existence in your MAJESTY'S dominions. I
know that this is not the language, to which royal ears
are habituated ; I know that it is not the language, which
Courtiers' tongues are accustomed to employ—but it is
the duty of the patriot to heed not the habituation of the
one, nor to hamper himself with the observances of the
other. Courtiers, Sire, never speak the undisguised
truth, and Kowa ought to thank those, who—rising su-
perior to the courtly obstacles of formality—advance
boldly when the public exigencies require it, to expose
political misdoers, and arraign the enemies of the throne.
SIRE, the subject who now addresses your MAJESTY
—not in the tone of flattery, but with a deep respect for
the Kingly Office, and sincere personal regard for his
K o —is alone desirous of opening your eyes to the po-
rile, which environ equally the throne and country : and
if the words of One, writing under an adopted, certainly
—but not inglorious—signature, be worth attention, trust
that his inward sentiments and aspirations are far purer
and more exalted than the feeble diction in which he clothes
them. The power with which a factious oligarchy oppresses
MAJESTY itself, has alarmed me into this remonstrance;
and the trammels, in which both MAJESTY pad public

men—the devisers and framers of our laws—are held,

and subjected to the all-corrupting influence of Place,
and Patronage, and Profit—these have excited me to
speak. And now, Sias, there is but one remedy for all
these dangers which encompass our institutions, and posi-
tive afflictions which bear down your People to the earth :
it
is to restore and renovate the original practice and fun-
damental principles of Parliamentary representation—it
is to provide that your faithful Commons shall fully,
haely, fairly, and effectually be represented, in the
• Vommons House of Parliament : but without that imme-
diate and thorough redintegration, I tell your MAJZSTY
that the Constitution perishes.
54th January.

SIDNEY.

LETTER THIRD.

people's oppressors cast about to find a safe retreat from
the universal ferment, which their treason is on the point
of engendering.
Look, SIRE, at the late proceedings at Birmingham!
Contemplate this opening scene of the grand revolu-
tionary drama, which seems to be on the eve of speedy
'enactment in your MAJESTY'S dominions. Contemplate,
Sias, the energetic, uncompromising language of
the actors in this scene—consider their numbers,
their intelligence, their opulence—and say if suck
men are to be lightly regarded : say if the united
determination of such men be not of a nature to com-
mand a SOVEREION'S notice and respect—a SOVE-
REIGN, whose solemn duty it is, to reign by and
for his People alone ? Si RE, events such as these should
" inform Princes, and teach Senators wisdom." The
ramifications of this grand Constitutional UN row, insti-
tuted by your loyal subjects of Birmingham, will assur-
edly extend to the uttermost boundaries of your MA-
JESTY'S dominions. No moral power can arrest nor re-
tard its certain and successful progress : if any Minister
could be animated by so wild a wish, let him look to the
Corn Exchange at Dublin—and despair. If England
should owe nothing else to O'CONNELL, his illustration
of the prevalence of the federative principle will command
her everlasting gratitude.
It is incontrovertible, then, that the men of Birming-
ham have planted a fruitful vine, in a fruitful vineyard ;
a vine which cannot miss to flourish, and in brief season
to bring forth wholsesome and regenerating fruit—for it
will be supported by, and will entwine itself round the
pillars of the Constitution—it will be cherished and
warmed by the force of national approbation—it will
be watered by the all-renovating streams of public
opinion. Awake, therefore, as your MAJESTY must now
necessarily be to these undeniable and convincing ap-
pearances, will it not be well to go before your People
—will it not be well to prevent their just desires, to ac-
cord their constitutional demands, and by a timely
acquiescence to avert the horrors of intestine discord ?
For, SIRE, be assured that the People are now be-
ginning to understand their rights, and to feel their
own moral worth and intrinsic power; and if the dele-
gated Authorities are so far gone in corruption, that they
will not return to the practices of the Constitution, there
is a power inherent in the people themselves—a power de-
rived to them from the Constitution, and which they are
determined to exercise—to set aside such delegated Au-
thority by reason of its corruption, and repair the vitiated
system as best they may. " Every contract"—said the
immortal CHARLES Fox—" must be at an end, when
the contracting parties have no longer any existence either
in their own persons, or by their representatives. After
the tenth of August, the political existence of Louis
XVI. was completely annihilated."
And now, SIRE, I take my leave. In ill that I have
said—in all that I have laboured to impress upon your
royal mind—l have no ambition to gratify : except alone
the honourable ambition of contributing to avert a cabs.:
trophe which I see striding onwards, and which menaess
to obliterate in my native land all the privileges which it
enjoys above other nations—all the blessings *eh it
inlierits, from its ancestral energies and institattOns.
Neither have I any private interests to serve:, except
alone, that all which I hold dear on earth is isleptified
with my Country's welfare, and inter-twined with her
security and happiness
SIDNEY.

SlRE—Once more—and possibly for the last time—do
1 venture to prefer my supplicatory appeal to the FATHER
of his People. Yet, a few fleeting hours, and the die of
their destinies will be cast :—yet a few fleeting hours, and
your MAJESTY'! subjects will receive the consolations
of promised relief. or the cup of expectation will be dashed
in disappointment from their lips—and then, who knows
whit distress and despair will generate ? I tremble for
*the disappointinent of the people, for they are borne to the
earth by oppressions, and maddened with their misery:
I have heard their indignant murmurings—l have heard
their curses secretly muttered—even their loyal affections
restrain them not, and their allegiance hangs by a thread.
It is impossible for all this to continue : the very next
torn'of the torture-screw. may produce revulsion, and then
tiie sword of civil eentehtion will forsake the scabbard, and
anarchy and re'voltlisorganise and deform the land.
. Stns, this is a dreadfid picture, but it is not over-
.charged ; the coiOurligs.nie high,. but the delineation
does not exceed the &MP The truth has been too long
concealed. Tice reel distiments of your littsErres
people, and the .exposareefibeir uniedressed wrongs, have
been too idnvaisotbikred by artifice, and the voice of
a complaining eogi intercepted: isi its passage to the
throne. Those wherhave been molt Callous, heretofore,
and indifferent to the oondition of the country, seem now
readyito shrink into themielves at the contemplation of.

SUICIDE OF THE RIGHT HON. THOMAS
NORTH, LORD GRArst

An Inquest was held this day on view of the body of
This Noblemin, who destroyed himself by cutting his
throat with a razor, at his lodgings, No. 15, Hanover-
street. The inquiry was conducted with tha utmost
secrecy ; and only two witnesses were examined. Sir
James A>inansox stated that he had attended lils Lord-
ship professionally; and it was his opinion that his
Lordship's state of mind was greatly depressed, arising
both from bodily disease and mental excitement; and in
one of these flights of excitement he had, 'no doubt, com-
mitted the dreadful act.—Verdict—" that the deceased
cut his threat in a fit of delirium." His Lordship mar-
'fled a iota bf the Marquis of ANGLISZA.

Viscount CLivs visited the Cunnesixon of the
ExcnIQUER on Sutural.
A deputation of the journeymen silk weevers, headed
by Mr. LAZARUS, waited on Mr. HILRILIES oa Saturdnyt
at the office of the Board of Trade, and bads long Na-
-1 foresee with the Right Hon. President.
