TIIE EVENING STA

LONDON.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6,
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE
Consols, for money, 6611--for Feb. 67W—Ex.
Ornnium ?1,- pre.
PRICE OF STOCKS ON SATURDA
S per Cent. Red. 67ft India Bonds 10s.
3 per Cent. 01 67 661 Imp. 3 per Cent.
4 per Cent. 83 821 83 Excheq. Bills, 1
Long Ann. 18 9-161 Lottery Tickets
Oninium pre. Consols, for arc.

The transports which sailed from Spit
15th ult. with troops, under convoy of th(
IRIS frigates, have, as we stated on Sati
entirely dispersed. In our last we mentioi
val of one of the transports, the Lord
Portsmouth : another has arrived at P;
two at Cork. NiThen the Lord HOOD I
the convoy on the 30th ult. only thirte(
out of upwards of 40 were in company,
blew a hurricane. The troops on board thi
were under the command of General '
and were destined for Ceuta. They coi
Ist battalion of the 3d Guards, Honour.
S TGPFORD ; the 87th regiment (2d battall
GROSE ; the 88th regiment, Colonel Dur
ing in the whole about 7000 men. T 1
arrived at Passage is the Duchess of Rich:
ing on board a detachment of the Coldstri
she parted from the fleet on the 22d. TI
have put into Cork, and which parted
are the Henry and Sarah, with part of
giment. Accounts have been received
of some more transports at other port,
,:nd of some having reached Plymouth,
ia a few days to be able to state that tilt
notwithstanding the strong appreliensioi
entertained respecting the late of severa
The troops which lately arrived at Pi;
Spain, and which we have already state
re.embarked last week on board the transports,
under weigh for Portsmouth when the
reached us this morning were sent off,
only those who have in some measure'
the effects of their late harasssing retrea
embarked.
It seems to us extremely desirable that
should be again landed at Portsmouth
no likelihood that they will sail on actual
some time. The sending a fresh army
of Spain is, we understand, suspended
sent, and its being sent depends, as we
on the kind of answer that may be 7
proposition that has been sent to the
vernment. It is to this effect : that
send them a large Army, if they will
put us in possession of Cadiz, as a point
army may retreat, and where it may defen(
the event of the Patriots not being able '
effectual support in the contest with
enemy.

SPAIN.
We this day received Gibraltar Chrom
14th ult. but they present but little int
cepting the following, respecting Spanish
PROCLAMATION
By Don Juan Antonio de Fivaller,
Villel, Count de Darnius, &c. Stc. Mf
Supreme Board of Government of the
Spain and the Indies, &c. &c. &c.
" Inhabitants of Cadiz !—Your safety
have called for the whole attention of
The treacherous and corrupt comma!
sell and deliver up to the enemy, hut thi
the Supreme Board of Government of
has averted that calamity, and his pet
nations have only seemed to make the
and to sink him into the mire of his inf.
" Be without uneasiness, loyal inhabi
Government watches over you. Chiefs
patriotism at your head, and a nun?
preme Board, are incessantly occupie(
your welfare and happiness, are held gu.
his Majesty offers you against the vile
atrocious Napoleon ; what remains to
of Cadiz ? nothing but to co-operate
tentics of Government; your zeal in
State has at all times been conspicuous,
in prosperous circumstances. The Mer'
have ever been the first to display
--What may not, therefore be expected
merchants at the critical moment when
istence is endangered ! Nobody knot
you that froeslom is the soul of mercantile

Turn your eyes to France—..compare what she is to
what she was, and infer the fate that awaits you, if
that destructive genius should succeed in subduing
Spain. Inhabitants of Cadiz this beautiful city,
the emporium of commerce and opulence, you would
bee converted into a deserted village. To the evils
with which every other town is threatened, you would
see plunder and the harshest treatment supperadded.
Your harbours would be left without shipping, and
your stores without goods—your merchants would
desert their houses, and the tears of despair would
prove your only resource.
Hesitate not, therefore, to make fresh sacrifices
to your security. They can never be excessive when
it is the independence of the country that requires
them. Let us be free, and speedily will the rapid
tight of our commerce, of that spring of public opu-
!,:ace, amply indemnify you for the sacrifices which
roll shall have made to the general defence.
(Signed) " The Marquis de Voter,,
" Count de DAnstus.
,dlz, .Tanuary 5, 1609."

VALENCIA, DEC. SO.

I:iisl7.cellency the Duke del Infantado has trans-
rlitted to the Supreme Board of Government a most
,Itisfactory account'of a skirmish between from 90
to 100 Royal Carabineers and 150 French horse, near
C kSl:ll'3ge).
Th: whole of the enemy's detachment was de-
57cred, seventeen men excepted, whom our brave
solders brought to head-quarters. In the districts
oFC:talenia and Castile which have been occupied by
the French, all the men capable of bearing arms have
been bound or manacled, and conducted to the fron-
tier, thence to be sent to the armies in the North ;
those modern Scythians thus adding the most horrid
slavery to the barbarous treatment which they inflict
upon their victims.

Before the FERDINAND VII. quitted Lisbon, the
.;5111 Regiment, which had garrisoned the fort of El-
was on the Spanish frontier, had quitted that place, it
was understood, and marched for Seville, now the
eat of the Spanish Central Junta.
Fort St. Julien, Belem Castle, and all the other
forts in and about Lisbon, were garrisoned by British
troops and the German Legion. Part of the troops
which had marched to join Sir JOHN MOORE* had re-
turned to Lisbon, and other parties of them were dai-
ly arriving. These were embarked on board the
transports immediately as they arrived. Their desti-
natcn was supposed to be Cadiz.

Saturday the Duke of YORK waited on the KING,
r-d transacted business with him, and in the after•

r,o^n returned to London.

Yesterday morning his MAJESTY, Princesses Au-
cum., SOPHIA, AMELIA, and M'Aftv, accompanied by
Lady 7.tv, Generals CARTWRIGHT, FITZROY, and
Colonel TAYLOR, rode to St. George's Chapel, and
1-..e4rd a sermon preached by the Honourable and
Roverend Dean LEGGE, from Acts, chap. 17, v. xii.

ard afterwards returned to the Palace.

On Saturday a Cabinet Council, at which the
Treater part of the Members assisted, was held at the
foreign Office. It sat from two till half after three
o'clock.

The Honourable HILEY ADDINGTON, second son
of Lord SIDMOUTH, is going out Private Secretary
to Lord AMHERST, as Minister at the Court of Sicily.

...Ir. HUNTER, who was his Majesty's Consul Gene.
%l in Spain, has arrived in town.
The Correspondence between the American and
British Governments on the subject of the Orders of
Council, has been presented to the House of Commons.
The greaor part of the documents of which it consists,
have been long before the public • and the only mate-
rial addition is a letter from Mr. MADISON to Mr.
ERSKINE, dated March 25, 1808, which, as it contains
no new facts, but only argues with considerable inge-
agailst the justice and propriety of our Orders,
\ye think it unnecessary to insert.
The Transport Board announced on Saturday to
t..e ship-owners, that Government did not at present
.-Ltend to engage any more transports ; and the own-
.rs of some transports,particularly those of the smaller
Mass, whose contracts have or are about to expire,
:re..e received intimation that their engagements will
Tint be prolonged.
The Warren Hastings, True Briton, Scalesby-
Castle, Lord Melville,, Cumberland, and Neptune,
Fast Indiamen, will sail from Portsmouth, as soon as
they have repaired their damages, under convoy of
the Steers, Captain PYM.—The Cuffnels, for St. He.
Bencoolen, and China, will sail under convoy of
the NASSAU, 64, Captain CAMPBELL, as far as St.
CLoair.ma, Captain Bk ions, with Com-
missioner SHIELD, for the Cape ; and Commissioner
•iaa, for Madras, is ordered to sail alone, the /no-
zient she is ready.
The LEVIATHAN, of 74., Captain HARVEY ; and
B°"AY, of 74., Captain CUMING, for Cadiz ; BOA.
Captain HATLEY, for Lisbon and the Cape of
Good Hope; THAMES, Hon. Captain WALDEGRAVE,
.51111 a convoy for the Mediterranean : and the JAS-
"ER, Captain DANIEL, with a convey for the coast of
Portugal—all at Portsmouth, are prevented from
ailing by foul winds. The BOADECIA is to take out
!'lr. JEFFERY, Consul at Lisbon. •
A vessel is arrived from St. l_ibc•s, whence she sailed
on the 26th ult. at which time nothing had been there
heard of tl ,e French troops. An English Naval Officer
had arrived at St. Übes from Lisbon, for the purpose
of moging the Danish ships lying at the former port
( :bout nine or ten sail), to proceed to Lisbon to act
transports for this country, and had offered them
iOs. per ton; hut the Masters would not move
dens they had a security or certificate from the
Oiricer, that after their having landed their
argoes in England, they would be allowed to leave
(i.is kingdom for their own ports, which the Officer
(:k1 not consider himself authorised to grant, and the
-::Ps :herd ,re remained where they were.

THE ARMY.

The following is a correct List of our fine Army
in Sicily :

Messina, 25th November, 1 ISM
2Gth Light Dragoons, four troops, Lieutenant-Colonel HA w.

KER.
Royal Artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Listoine.
10th Foot, Ist Battalion, Major CASHEL.
21st Ditto, ditto, lieutenant-Colonel ADAMS.
27th Ditto ditto, I.ieuttnant-Colonel WARREN.
35th Ditto, ditto, Lieutenant-Colonel PETIT.
44th Ditto, ditto, lieutenant-Colonel BROOKE.
58th Ditto, ditto, Lieutenant-Colonel Bye K sr.
62d Ditto, ditto, Colonel HULL.
81st Ditto, ditto, Lieutenant-Colonel M'KEtrzie.
Grenadier Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel O'CALLAGHAN.
Light Infantry Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER.
Regiment of Watteville, Lieutenant-Colonel WATTZEILLE.
Regiment of Dillon, Major RENAU.
Chasseurs Britanniques, Major Du FAUST.
Regiment of Roll, Lietenant-Colonel SONNENBERG.
Royal Corsican Rangers, Lieutenant-Colonel Lowe.
Royal Regiment of Malta, Lieutp..--- r• •
RYMPLE, Bart.
2d Light Infantry Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Vise HER.
Likewise, a large detachment of Artillery, and four Battalions
of the King's German Legion.
By letters from New Brunswick we learn, that the
expedition, with General PREVOST, sailed from Hali-1
fax on the sth of December, under convoy of the
1'
Moselle and the Jamaica. The regiments under his
command were the 7th, Bth, and 23d, a company of
artillery, and a detachment of engineers. We had
before no regular account of the departure of this
force from Nova Scotia ; but we have already noticed
on the authority of private communications, its ap-
proach to Martinique, and the reinforcements received
by the enemy prior to its appearance off that island.
Thursday the 2d Royal Surrey marched into Can-
terbury from Ramsgate, and yesterday continued
their route for Reading-street Barracks.
That part of our gallant troops recently returned
from Spain, whose destination we have not already
stated, are to be distributed as follows :
10th Light Dragoons, Brighton.-3d battalion Ist Foot, and
Ist battalion sth ditto, Steyning.-2d battalion 81st ditto, Lewes,
2d battalion 23d, and Ist battalions 26th and 32d ditto, Horsham,
Is and 2d light battalions K. G. L. Chichester.-7th Light Dra-
goons, Guildford.-15th Light Dragoons, Romford.--Royal Wag-
gon Train, Croydon.-51st Foot, 2d and sth battalions tiOth ditto,
Isle of Wight.-2d battalion 14th ditto, Buckingham.-24, or
Queen's, Ist battalion 4th, 20th, Ist battalion 28th, Ist and 2d
battalions 43d, 2d battalion 59th, 76th, lit battalion 79th, and
Ist battalion 92d, Eastern District.
His Royal Highness the Prince of WALES has been
pleased to honour the Regiment of Local Militia,
commanded by Lord KIRKWALL, in the county of
Denbigh, by signifying that in future it is to bear his
Royal Highness's name.
Thursday a division of the 16th light dragoons
marched into Oxford, on their route to Walingford,'
Reading, Newbury, &c. &c.
Major CAMPBELL, of the 42d regiment, Ensign
HALL, of the 38th, and the Rev. W. COOLEY, attachedl
to the horse brigade under Lord PAGET, died on Fri,
day se'nnight ; the two former of their woundsutl
Plymouth.
Joined to the deprivation which the navy has sus-1
tained in the PRIMROSE man of war, and her whole
crew, the army has to lament the loss of Lieutenant-
Colonel GEORGE and Captain NATHANIEL TUCKER,'
who were passengers in that vessel, and on their way
to join the army in Spain. They were two of eight
brothers, all arduously employed in the service, either
civil or military, of the country, and sons of the late'
President of the Council of Bermuda, a situation I
which, though it manifestly circumscribed his talents,
for which his friends were ever wishing a wider field
of action, he long filled with the most distinguished
fidelity.
Lieutenant-Colonel GEORGE TUCKER entered the'
army in 1790, and was Major of the 97th Regiment,l
and an Officer of the most unquestionable military
talent and rapid experience, to which the illustrious
Generals, Sir SAMUEL ACHMUTY, Sir DAVID BAIRD,
SPENCER, and Sir A. WELLESLEY, with whom he
served in the East Indies, at the Cape of Good Hope,
in Egypt, at Copenhagen, in Portugal, and in Spain,
have borne ample testimony. Under Sir D. BAIRD'
he filled the responsible station of Deputy-Adjutant-
General at the Cape of Good Hope ; and had the
glory of filling the same important station in the army
under Sir A. WELLESLEY, in the late unambiguous
victories over the French in Portugal. He accom-
panied Sir D. BAIRD from the Cape of Good Hope,
and arrived in England on the same day that his bro-
ther, Lieutenant-Colonel JOHN TUCKER, landed with
intelligence of the capture of Monte Video ; and the
services of both were acknowledged by Government
in their promotion to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonels
in the Army. Capt. NATHANIEL TUCKER was of the
32d Infantry, and formerly of the 33d, in which re-
giment he had the high fortune of serving under the
immediate command of then Lieutenant-Colonel now
General Sir A. WELLESLEY ; and, as well as his bro-
ther, shared in the glory of the late Campaign in
Portugal, where he was Aid-de-Camp to Major Ge-
neral NIGHTINGALE, whose confidence :.nd regard he
possessed entirely ; and, as well as his brother too,
had compressed what is generally the experience of a
length of life into a few years.
In the large earnest which Lieut.-Colonel TUCKER
had given, it is no presumption to say, that the State
has lost the service of one who would have been a
great General ; and of Captain NATHANIEL TUCKER,
from the promise of his youth, there would have been
nothing irrational in hoping the greatest future excel-
lence : but they are snatched from their country by a
most disastrous death, that shuts out all consolation
to a large family and their numerous friends, by whom
they were beloved and venerated ; for they were of
the gentlest manners, and joined to every military ac-
complishment the practice of every social duty !
The Lord Provost, Magistrates, and the Ministers
of Glasgow' are to go to church on the King's Fast-
Day, Thursday the 9th instant, in mourning, in testi-
mony of their respect and esteem for, and as a tribute
most justly due to, the memory of Lieutenant-Gene-
ral Sir JOHN MOORE.

Sir JOHN DAL.

p 1
tc
it
I}
r•
S.
o •
re
r 1
e
•
th•
;o
.nt
0..
chi
Aro
liz,
)te
Si;
:ir
iic
at
CyZ
ad
s:ti'
*
et.
