1.011"11.4LT Y 11541.1V.902.4114.411tra• -
. .
•!! , ,c4l4ig. !04, tafinalglit e,x fyiirete,
Wilkins Lido cottsasaWer avthe thip-11Wsti was
yen itveharge upotioa Indict_ with
aping wilfully and against the peace,- Stc.cisfbe coast
o 1 North America, in the month of Jane. fired a certain
loaded pistol at John Mason, who died-of the_ wounds
received by the said shot.
From the evidence it appeared, that the deceased was
seaman on boald the Maida, and bad a quarrel with
another seaman about splicing some ropes, and on tlsq
Captain's interposing, Mason seized him, and a scone
arose, in which the prisoner was thrown on the deck.
He ordered Mason to. go below; and also to attend to
his duty, but he refused, he was rather intoxicated. The
prisoner went below into his cabin, the deceased and
another man followed him in a menacing manner, upori
which the prisoner fired a pistol, Mason received the
shot through the breast, and died in a few minutes.
On arriving at Hull, .the prisoner sun endered himself.
It appeared that the conduct of the deceaiedhad a too;
dency to mutiny.
The Learned JUDGE interrupted the case and ols;
served, that the prisoner appeared justified in the course
he had-pursued. he therefore directed an acquittal.—
The Jury accordingly returned a verdict of NolGuilty.
fa the caw of Aaron Smith, the commencement of
whose trial at the Admiralty Sessions, on a.charge of
piracy, we gave in the S7a ft of yesterday, the Jury re-
turned a verdict of-Not 'Guilty.

. , ... .
-COLCIIISS47.4(I7eUE :pi afeo/1 iiitT CLVII .1
. .
The seventeenth Annieelsarfof thicelub was cele .1
twitted- at the Three Cups Itmitokirester, Sir G. it
SMYTH, Bart. in the Chair, in the absence of the worthy
Representative of the Borough,. J. B. WILDMAN, :Esq.
Notwithstanding many members were prevented attend-
ing, in consequence 'of the lamented death. of Mr. G.
ROUND, ninety-four persons sat down to 'dinner:—,-
Amongst the company were:
Admiral Sir E. Harvey, K.C.B. M.P. Hon. J: J. Strutt, C. Sep
villa Oniey, Esq. Mr. Lushington, jun. Col. Kentemaa, the Mayor
of Coichester, Mr. Alderman Smith; Reverends k. H. Green,
Nobly's, Schreiber. Forster, Scci Messri. Jarrett, laschvopd, Per-
teas!, Brewster, Elwes, Gepp,'&llll4, Nuons, MaYs, Hustler, La-
cey, Townsend, Grbiwood, Cosens Hawkins, ttlyns, Parker'
Spitty, White, SinythiessSpurden, iparling, Creek, Osborn, OA.
Grose Deck, &c. arc.
After the cloth was removed, the following, among
many other toasts, were given:
"- The King, Gov bless him." Four times four.—Phis toast was
received with loud cheering, the Band playing the National Air.
" The Duke of York and the Army.' • -
" The Duke of Clarence and the Navy."
" Tar immortal memory of the Right lion. William Pitt." ' ----/ '''' "'"V"7. '
•
In proposing this toast, the Ca Rl4 A N briefly eta°. The Learned JUDOS iinterrupt"a
---
gized the character and conduct of that great states-
served, that the prisoner a qe
'
man, and congratulated the- Meeting on the gradual he bad pursued Dun
influence which the principles of Mr. Pitt bad acquired The 3 r.,((
over the minds of the people of England. em
" His Majesty's Ministers," with three times shree. hat
The next toast, Gentlemen, said Sir H. Smith, which Jul
I shall have the honour of- proposing to you, is one
which I 11112 sure you will all cordially join me in
giving three times three to-i-the health of a Gentleman
whom we have tried and never found wantings-:.who
has always manfully come forward in defence of the stain
true independence of Colchester, and whose absence me retie
the present occasion every one sincerely regretted—
have
" The health ,cof Mr. %adman, the True Blue AlertibLr for r merngdor
Colchester."
Mr. I.ustmeoroz, in a manly and eloqnent speech, in • of I
which he was repeatedly cheered, returned thanks for si ce.,
his relative; Although absent in person, he (Mr. L.) rich L
-could assure the Meeting that Mr. W.'s heart and poll-
tical.sentiments were closely united with those of the - —.....--...,
:Colchester Pitt. Club; and.that even in his domestic . The select friends of the Kist°, who were deprived
circle, the interests and happiness of his con-tituenis of the splendid hospitalizes of the Palace of Brighton last year, by
,eartes etrfleictebed there atl Christ-
y ever the prominent features ef his conversation, fiht.'4,wili"."l274;
se
Il: e -Hi sasin and "ndoilPee° sib! is'in
e
a Although Mr. Wildman 's unavoidable absenoe," conti- Duke of AIICTI.I,YLrd Asoeisza and his lovely daughters,urne Lord
need Mr. Lushington, " must be matter of regret and Lady r _OWTER, Lord HEADPOST Lord and Lady BATHURST i
LOrd lior.earnr, Lord EGRFSIONT, andi
the venerable Lord Met.:l
to the Colchester Pitt Club, I. cannot, as- far a i ro.
sorminvd. will occasionally be added to the usual circle both of din-
ner,pleasure,, evening parties. It is a: id that.. ROSSINI will be honoured.
has given me this opportunity of associatint myself ,„ a cum„,, •to assinio the musical festivities at the Pavilion.
b
with so- respectable a company, whore political prin. Yesterdaj the Duke of CLARENCE returned to Bushy
ciples are so much my own. 'Nurtured from my in- Park, front his lloyA Highness's visit to the Marquis of win-
fancl in a love of the principles of Mr. Pitt, my own cues-reit, at.his seat, Amport /louse, near Andover, Hampshire.
judgment has confirmed me in rile admiration and . The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE had a nume-
rOus party to dinner yestefday, at their scat in Bushy Park.
gratitude I feel towards dm great benefactor of his
countrj. Every impartial man, I think, must share in Conte. Lievzs has arrived at Ashburuham House,
kern Brighton. . .
my feelings, who will impaittially survey the present Lord and Lady G. H. CAVENDISH left the Duke of
condition of England, abroad and at home ; for what es
a ORSLAND'S seat, Welbeck, Notts, on Thursday, for Holker.
has produced to usglory, safety, p!ace, and prosperity, • Sir WiLtiam and Lady It usisoLD and suite arrived
but the principles of Mr. Pitt, wisely cheri,hecl- and on Thursday evening at Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square, from
steadily followed by his successors in the Government?" the East liidiks.
Mr. Lushington then alluded to a report which had been Sir Iltertano and Lady Cana GLYN arrived yester=
ILay:at their hoirse in Arlington-street, from their seat, Gaunt's
_ Missu .wiriboro e, Dor_set.iiiiie•
,industs iously. circulated to'
the disadvantage of his
brother-in-law, namely—that Mr. Wildinin bad keptoX, the only daughter of Lord and Lady Hot.-
bqck from this- meeting prrperely0 as. he wished to LAND, we are sorry to state, is mach indisposed at Brighton. '
withdraw himself from any connection *kb the loon Sir Gloat'! WOAUSWELL, Dart. has left town for his
of Colchester. ' 4.‘ I Cap assure you, Gentleinen," iseat, St.Aviington Hall, Suffolk. ' •
said Mr. Lushington, 48 that we know
.wkeske 'Ais Lord At-trio-ire has arrived at his father's (Earl SeEN.
report has emanated, that it is utterly. false, and that, cgs) seat iu NortiramptoOsbire, from lViseton Hall, Yorkshire.
Mr. Wildinan.will never be tiled of Colchester till Col- 'Mallon. Mr. and Mrs; ROBERT Sateen have arrived
Chester is .tired of him."—(Grect applause). • at Lord Foassrees seat, Willie Park, Sabp, from Bucks.
" The Protestant Ascendancy." - . -• Lord • ?eluamogros arrived .yesterday at Thomas's
" Our glorious Constitution in Church and State." '
.Hotel, Berkeley-square:, frosn Nottinghamshire.
. ,
" The Lord Lieutenant of the County." • Golden BALL-has taken a shooting-box in Northa . •••
" Admiral Sir R. Harvey." Three times three. Great applause. tonshire, where he and Ids fair bride are'at present, accompanied
In proposing this health, the Pit ESIDIINT observed. by a feW soltzt friends. There is a whisper that the beautiful Maas
that the True. Blue Club of COlthester stood doubly in- cainsofn Bkas;iseaLiss slat mate that Ladies wish to be who love
their Lords" *•:".".. •.' .
.debted to the • gallant Admiral. In the Senate as cu
the grteaft Ihcelandbicf Sculptor,c in
the sea, he was always found' true to his colonrs. In .it Tfloi lovA44ri!'.
'both situations his chief aim wits the good of his cnuti-• , the
htwmai building soetvatbe. It is
try, and in both he had fought successfully. to 'beepilae:dt ti'Vrae chaurnell:antwV2lce wr
expense of that celebrated artist at the time of his death. •
• Admiral Sir E. Heavies,. in,an energetic speech, ac- . Mr. Itottfitclitho is expected in town from Paris on
knoe ledged his,deep sense of the houriur. which had Monday next. , - 'i . ~ , , . % -
been done him—pledged himself to be ever a supporter PetWorth,.antkßrighton likewise, viheroare hospitable
of the principles of the glorious Pilot—took a view of niansibna of the eeverrikie and *leant r"d Enallanals are, during
the gradual restoration of_ agrioulture and commerce—, the ensuing Christmas festivities, to make the " welkin ring" with
and, finally, congratulated the Meeting qn the general their good cheer. i Yesterday, the Gentlemen appointed to be Consuls in
.
admiration in chick the principle& that resider England. • 1
Snuth America transacted bustness at the Foreign Of-
truly great were beginning to be. held by all classes.-- ace, and received their final instructions from Mr.
The worthy Admiral then proposed .
• Our esteemed President, Sit G. 11. Smyth, Bart." , Throe PLANTA, 'the Under Secretary of State, in the absence
times three. Loud cheering. of Mr. Secretary CANNING: The 'Gentlemen were to
" The High Sheriff of the County." „Sleeve town for Portsmouth last night, and to sail this
.
" The High Steward of Colchester;" Jay on board his Majesty's ship thCCamantnos, vs ith
" The Mayor and Corporation of Colchester." all possible speed. . . . •
-The Mayor (Mr. CLAY), and Mr. l•'. SMYTHIES, re=
It being in contemplation- to give a publie reception
turned thanks.—" Mr. ,tithirigton:' - • to MINA on his arrival in towns a friend 'akin-a-to him
Mr. LUSIONGTON returned thanks, and gave— to*learn his feelings oe' the subject. MINA made the
" L'resperity to the Town of Colchester."
following sensible and noble re.ply•:" These testimonies
" The Lord Bishop of London, and the Clergy of the Diocese."
distress me. I am-received
%The Rev.-E.. H. GREEN irtui tied thanks in the name
of his pious. Dioceisin. Pau- seventeen vears lie•had at- dragged to public spectacles: lam invited to festivalst.
tended this anniversaiy. He was aft iend to his country, while I only wish, and I ought only, to mourn in soli-
and bad chews: himself such, not by declarations against tude over the sufferings and slavery of my dear country."
his King and his Councilloss, but by a zealuurattention Yesterday the GRIPER brig, Captain CLAVERING,
to the private and public good of his neighbours. - arrived at Woolwich, with Captaik SABINE, froniGreen-
a Mr. HOblyn, Secretary to the Club." • . land and the coast of. Norway, where the latter Officer
Mr. HOZLYN, in returning thanks, took' the oppor- has been some motths continuing his astronomical ob-
tunity to refute an a,sertirm of the Radical Press, that servations, similar to those he made nn the African
the Pitt Clubs were failing off in -every county, by ob- •coast and in the West Indies. During the voyages,
servitig, that at the last Committee Meeting, seventy. they had some intercourse with a tribe of Esquisnaux
two names were enrolled as new Members of the Col- on the coast of Greenland, who were at first extremely
Chester Club. . . shy, but afterwards became familiar. •
e Mr. Saville °atty." . Prince HonzeLotte lies been performing 'another
Mr. ONLEY, in returning. thanks, . expressed great' misacle in Ireland. A Miss Rotates (has not the got
pleasure in meeting so respectable a company. - ••1 an• 0 to her name?) has ,been -suddenly cured of a
o The Stewards of the day." mortal disorder on the. present occasion. “ The 15th
by pious . reverend Prince
Apologies were tendered by the CHAIfiIIAN for Colo- inst. was appointed the and '
nil Brainston, and by the Rev. Mr: ROSLYN :for -Mr.. Hottest Lona as. a day of prayer; - NISS Romer had been
W. Hall Dare. preparing. toe it. The thiamin—(>y the way, it was a
" Colonel &rutt and the True Blues of Maldon." . . .
- • waste of this viaticum, if the patient was doomed to re-
The Hot:. JOHN JAMES STRUTT returned thanks.
" The Reverend' Mr. Hoblyo.. ' cover)—bui:the" viatietan, the adorable-Mass, and the
" The Stewards of the next Anniversary, Sir E. Harvey, Itr:ft. pious Prince lionititone together, did Miss Aortas's
Onley, Mayor of Cotehescer, Mrs hum, jun. Mr. Elvrei."
.. business for her; Up the intnped, squeezed the Priest's
" Mr. Lockwood." hand, knocked down ts* their, clapped a large, gokk
e Mr. Mayhew, and the True Blies of London." "
The Recorder of Colchester. Mr. Crickea." •
upon her back, swallowed-.her breakfast fit'ts not-said
"—"
" Mr. John Round, and the True Saes of Ipswich." of what), and strutteci,k rind down-likca grenadier I"
" Sir Jahn Tyrrell, Bart. A 'circunistance which is likelf to lead to some forinsa
- ° This Duke of Walillinsns and the Henn. of Waterloo." complaint to the English Ambassador, and Which might
" RI& Hod Geo Canning, and the True Blues of Harwich." •
Mr.
have been attended with fatal consequences, -9ccurresl,
“ Mr. A. Y. Miller."—" The Town. Clerk of Colchester,
in Paris on the day of the Dalle-cascouLassa's entry:
F.Siarkles.“..-4 Mr." Sparling.".." Town Clerk of Maldon."
" Prosperity to the House of Berethurch." Four times four. An English Colonel, ratherinfirah who
.was' in the crowd,
" Mr. Gooch, and the Troy Blues of Suffolk," Ste. &c. .
being unable to get dear of the gendarmes, was aro;
The utmost harmony and conviviality prevailect—. -at by -• s great portion: -
The worthy and highly respected Baronet left the-Chair Carrie,
theateeelve o'clock, when the' company separated. .An
1---
- .reo is..
• It was reported on 'Change this' inorhing, Oar -`/t,', Nit
the Express Boats front Calati to 'Diver; was lW". tee.
Thundarnight, be& the rumour wants confirmation: . credit

. . .41

l
• The C' WOlnsn' B:GRission EG4l:ll.leYaPirsitiGinEy.---irT eUndßoNwEßai
yesterdiry morning, at hail past ten
o'clock, a
,Inn Coffee-house, Holborn..
Mr. DU A MN, for ehee:Petitioners, add"
court. Ha bad, greet satisfaction in knowi
since he last mebtheiespectahle ,Jury he c
had
pleasure of seeing before him, they had had ti
tunny of personally inspectiog:the prenii.es al
den, and the property there, to which their
had been called. Whatever other proof he nsi
to adduce in support of the Petition, he dm;
when he had shewn, as he should do, thatthe
had been left by Sir Gregory in the state in wl
had seen them, they would . afford sufficient
that Gentleman's lunacy, to. justify them in ar
that conclusion. He did not confine himself te
instances of lunacy of.which he should offer fir
want of variety; on the contrary, the great difl
should experience would arise from confinini
to the number, which, with a due attention to
per economy of the time of the Jury, might
cient to prove the ca-e to which their sitters
about to be called. The valuable time of 6
had been most improperly and thoughtlessly s
similar occasions, but on this he should confie
to a few facts, which Wonld be proved by
spectable and competent witnesses. (ion fo
any man should be deprived of his liberty, v
use of that blessing did not endanger the safet;
self or others ; but if the state of his' 'mind
that he could not be allowed to be at large 1
reasonable risk of his own safety and happines
happiness and safety of those about him, it 1
duty and an exercise of humanity, that meal
he taken for the protection of such individual
society in general. This, as he should prove
case of the unfortunate Gentleman, whose state
WAS then the subject of Inquiry..• Sir, Gregory
about thirty-eight yews. of ' age, and a pi
similar to the present warfinstiuned about u
since. This circurnstasacenught not to have
weight with' the Jury, and he merely a
it to shew what had formerly been the eta
mind, and which Medical Gentlemen were. of
was likely to return ; the steps taken in comet
the finding of that Jury, were thought unaecet
were superseded about a year afterwards; bet
prove, that since then, no interval of twelve ms
elapsed in which restraint had nos been meet
was, however, immaterial how far back tlfui
nate_ Gentleman should be proved to have bee
sound mind, as any date would equally.answe
mane p.urpo,e of the Petitioner under the pre
mission. He should call die attention of th
the eneral unsoundness of this unfortunate
man s mind, and then prove a few facts of so i
and insufferable a description, •as to make hi
of liberty a curse to society, and a disgrace e
There were; in some instances of lunacy, man
appearances which would sufficiently denot
soundness of mind in which they had origina
Gentleman of rank and education should d
beggar, and conduct himself as a man of n
breeding nor manners of a Gentleman—if
allow his lLeard to grow to an unusual length,
his clothes until they were scarcely sufficien
purposes of nature—it' was a fair presump
such ,a person was of unsound mind ; or,
wood which was perhaps better understood,
And if' he should prove this morning that. thi
nate Gentleman wore his clOtt.es for an tines
of time—that violence wail necessarily reso
their removal from his person—that he wore 1
they were only useful to the gardener, who
trees against the wall with shreds of the cloth
unfortunate subject of this inquiry would the
these shreds, to be preserved-by him as curios
every shirt worn by him has, after the first ti
cut in it; that in .the absence of scissors or
would effect his purpo.e with his fingers; th.
was dirty and loathsome; in shore, that his a
every respect, was what it ought not to have
'what it could not have been in a person of sou
if he should adduce satisfactory evidence bill
prehended the Gentlemen of the Jury would I
difficulty in ailiving at a satisfactory conclusie
it would be a proof of lunacy to spew that the
nate person was in the habit of squanderinf
tune in the purchase of things totally useless, 3
no temporary delusion 'could have induce
do. He understood that the Jury had, a
variety of articles thus purchased, been shew
manteau of white flints and' another of be
bill for these, amounting to 10.11. bad been
iand he would put it to any reasonable int
.whether a private. Gentleman, Making such a.
without any apparenrmotiee, and being mob
any plausible reason for so doing, was in as;
mind short of lunacy? There were alio n gros
of watches;, twenty-four hung up in one womb
others were thrown about among the waste Pi
all so injured from want of proper care, as-to,
unsoundness of mind in a Gentleman's° maki
chase and so acting.- Some awn havic m
propensities, but which it might not be absol
cessary to restrain; but when those propeasi
suchns to sacrifice all propriety anti respecuti
reduce the possessor of a noble fortune- to -
beggary, it became necessary that means of r
should be resorted to, and restraint impel'
Learned Common Serjeant 'proceeded to ow
variety of acts of the alleged lunatic. Het
that Mr. Shadwell, on the other side, would I
much to prevent the-issuing of the consmiesio
not-know that it was the intent ,of that Lei
tleman to call any witnesses t'hltrhe cooceier
he (Mr. Denman) should-.aheet that the el
Gentleman had been, and was nor, of Am",
the bvidence of five thou:4W poems, who had
at intervals of sanity,., would avail little with
he had the honour of addressing. .
All witnesses not being Medical Gendarme'
ordered to withdraw.
Mr. DlttibtAll thee pat in we ulleOglieliellN'
of 1814, which was lead,
•-.Rohocoa Marshall eistusinad 41.14 b Paw
'li hil9Ooltooper to Sir O. P. Tang t? boo 1104
wards of two 'years, at histaise at liaulesdal
frsquest oppectonities of seeing him is thit4
Was last about a moods agof th 0611050111
charwomen, a sioPah
I care of $r Gregogih Balk
'dii of- seeing- it; •frolamil
shim, 'mask- eat *4ll,
sc
isalerriwitiloStel
I pieces cot not of
also several towels mod

a nun last about a mend
by one of them, and had a great portion: of. his battwo awl
tried: away by thit iabre.. had: ti;;messTiciiioaid
care
adMitable poittait of thetfirielnisting sougstreisi friquenroppagtuniii,n
hisl4reierh has, just made its afrieranco, sleeved by that the sheets apd
sh
Palnliag by tt brother W. ,chiefs were tut with
sir.lliiillkeness Ts-extremely. good, and does great linen sheets with small
edit to the brother artists. linen was marl, new;
