NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

14asu Alumna Tins Dar-.-Dublle I—Waterford I.

The Urania, Quickfalt, from MIL was lest on Bornholm on the
241 Inst. Crew saved. _ _ _ _ _ _ . .

The Dromo, Hesper, from St. Petenburgb, has been carried
into Ystadt, having been on shore.
Diet, Sam 15.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the John, —.,
from St. Petersborsh.
Pommy:l4 Sem 1 W.N.W.—Arrived the Bri.
tontart, Blake, from Barbadoes.
PLYMOUTH, Sur. 14.—Wind N.W.—Arrived his Majesty's
ship Royalist, from South America; his Majesty's cutter Bramble;
and his Majesty's ship Undaunted, from St. Michael's acid Ma-
deira. Sailed the Wellington, Evans, for Bombay, and Alain,
Saundry, for Malta.
FALMOUTH, Sem 14.—Wind W. to N.W.
Sumas, Sem 14.—Arrived the Nancy, Robson, from Quebec ;
Maria, Bowen, from St. Petersbursh ; Staff of Life, ---- and
Ossian. Miller, from Maisie ; Zealous, Fife, and Ruby, Killer,
from Riga.
WEYMOUTH, Sem 15 —Off the port, the Earl Moira, --,
from La Gayra.
Dania, Sem 15.—Off the pert, the Grant, Bell, from St.
Vincent's.

SrOcnro at, Sm. 15.—Arrived the Vigilant, Wood, from
°ilea., N.S. _ _

Denim, Sam 13.—Arrived the Liverpool. Ross, from Smyrna.
beetroot., San. 14.—The wreck of a boat, with "Stapleton,
of Liverpool.,' on the stern, has been driven on shore in Stapleton
Bay ; also several pieces of the deck of a vessel, cabin windows. ke.
Laireassza, Sam 14.—A wreck, supposed of a schooner about
90 or 90 tons, from Ireland, with grain, was passed in this River
yesterday, by the steam-boat from Liverpool.
Sr Nieman's, Aug. St.—Terceira is still blockaded by the
P.rola frigate, Lealdade corvette, Thirteenth of May brig, and a
schooner,

The Duke of Cu m BER LA N D transacted business yes-
terday at the office of the Commander-in-Chief, in the
Horse Guards.

Viscount STRANGTORD, and Mona. DE NEUMANN,
of the Austrian Embassy, transacted business, yesterday,
at the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.
The Earl of ABERDEEN and the Chancellor of the
Exchequer left town on Monday, on a visit to Mr. Secre-
tary PEEL, at his residence in Norfolk.
Their Graces the LORD LIEUTENANT and Duchess of
,Nowrim x BERLAND entertained a select dinner party at
the Vice-Regal Lodge on Friday. Among the distin-
guished personages present were—Lord Plunkett and
the Hon. the Misses Plunkett, the Attorney-General and
the Misses Joy, the Surgeon-General, Colonel Kingsmill,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Gregory, Mr. J. Drummond,
Guards, &c.
General Sir Jon); Brno, Commander of the Forces,
has arrived in Dublin from the South of Ireland.

The Earl of KlNusvoll entertained a large party to
dinner, at his splendid castle at Mitchelstown, on Wed-
nesday evening. Among the distinguished guests was
the Right Hon. Lord FRANCIS LEVESON GOWER, who
was on a visit to his Lordship. Lord LEVESON Gow Ea
was expected at Cork on Saturday, from Mitchelstown,
on his way to the Lakes of Killarney.
The new residence of the Bishop of WINCHESTER, in
St. James's-square, is undergoing a thorough repair.
We understand that a measure is in contemplation
which is calculated very much to raise the Wesleyan me-
thodist ministers in the estimation of the public. It is
that in future the candidates for the ministry are to un-
dergo examination by the principal preachers, in the-
ology, the classics, and the mathemaiics ; and if, after a
probation of two years, they are found deficient in these
respects, they are to give up all ideas of officiating in the
pulpit.
TiEFRENCII REVOLUTION.—There were guillotined
in France, between 21st September, 1792, and 25th
October, 1795, 18,613 persons. A dictionary, contain-
ing the names, designations, and date of execution, has
been published ; it fills two octavo volumes, 500 pages
each, closely printed in double columns.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS.

FOR THE STAR.

First Impressions mike deep, end. very naturally, seise the
mild, and somewhat arbitrarily ; they govern the judgment to a
premature conviction upon the subject, to the extent of cue's
comprehension; and we are apt hastily to conceive and deter.
mine, at the same moment, spontaneously, and to consider the
question at rest, until succeeding circumstances awake the mind
and mite to second thoughu; then, nor till then, do we discover
our error and correct our judgment. Mere words—two or three
monosyllables. for example, will accomplish this defeat of superior

intellectual facalties—by a coup de main, as it were—such as
" The Poor Rates." Mark, here, how the powers of discernment
are hoodwinked, and the judgment led astray to erroneous deter-
minadon, byferst itnpresifons-09 times in 100—and, unfortniately,
nine times in ten, to the Wary of the object In view, and general
interests. For rumple, the words hers selected cannot fail to
strike deep on their first Impression ; and. we promptly conclude,
that Pow Rates are collected fur the kneed of Mc peer/ and we
are satisfied, nor ever think of inquiry until, perchance. some =-
looked for occurrence attracts the attention and invites confiders-
don ; and, bow are we astonished to discover, that. for years, we
have slumbered in delusion from the effects of first *passions—
when we perceive that Pow Balsa are collected by, and consigned
to, discretionary power. and the licentious abuse of trust, alike to
deb and poor, for the advantage of a sasalt.selected portion of the
gamin class?—wbo,thoogit they may not absolutely embeferrinses
by the violation of solemn amusements and Christian duties, do,
nevertheless, contrive to secure--say purloin—for tbentsehm, s

tae sedleit to support them and their families for a swiss of
years, lisdepeodeot of their avowed permits is tragic or Wares
wild enables them to lay by—a oat egg—di their profits. .

The rich pay the Poor Rates with piwere ; they WI heavy on
the middling ; and the poor must iq of their trustees that slender
modicum--reduced by pilferinp—which is granted as an e desk
by those who present it. and who admit that the poor shall itave a
MOM ciaies it es suck—oat subject to any obligation to, or the de-
mands of gratitude. on the part it the Trustees.
The rich conclude their cootributions are enough : and they are
out of the circle of all informatics on the subject. The poor kw
the existing abuses of trust ; but, being treated u beggars. with a
haughty contumely, by their untrustworthy patricides tumors.
Asp dare not find fault, lest they get nothing :—nor can they ar-
raign the pilferers, because they are poor, and cannot afford to pay
fee being beard any where. Their complaiots keep pace with their
alining privations, and are as common as the cries of London, with
which they are mutually exchanged; but the complaint—unlike the
cry—is not heard by all :it remains for the undisturbed content.
phtions of those only with whom it is deposited. But if the Editor
of the der will, philanthropically, condescend to mark the columns
of his Journal, with details upon this—it must be admitted at this
important subject, Truth itself shall furnish such a gene-
ral tinkling as will not fail to Grow the indigestion and provoke the
emoiries of the charitable and rich. and the bepes of the poor, is
spite of all the opposition and tergiversations on the part of Om-
saws. Charity shall perceive how its sweetness is abused and mis-
applied ; and its unfortunate pining subjects skull once more be
cheered by the soothing prospect of receiving that boon which
Heaves inspires its faithful agents to present for the wretched; un.
dismayed bytbe galling apprehensions of contempt for unjustly with-
holding on the part of those parochial demagogues, to whom is
entrusted the sacred cake of benign distribution.

Suds is the effect offirm impressions , that not mein a thousand
gives a second thought as to the abuses practised in the arma-
da% of his charitable treasures through the mediums of those surly,
lasperiosu, unworthy spats, Parish Overseen.
TYRA_

To the great astonishment of our Exchange, one of
our principal bill-brokers, whose transactions in stock
boy fer a long time past been very extensive, stopped
payment yesterday morning. Losses sustained as far
back as 1825, and subsequent speculations for the fall,
had brought the passive of his account to be £350,000,
and several large sums of money deposited in his hands
having been unepectedly called for, accelerated an explo-
sion. The assets of the gentleman here alluded to, it is
expected, will secure his creditors, exclusive of his debts
on stock transactions, about twenty per cent.

By the Hambro' Steamer, arrived this morning :-
-Borsen Halle, four o'clock. A good deal of upland
wheat, of this year's harvest, has been received during
the week, and appears of a very satisfactory quality.
Several lots were taken for exportation, but at present
the demand has ceased, and several parcels remain un-
sold, which the holders would readily consent to give
at reduced prices : our own consumers are exceedingly
s Sydney Papers, New South Wales, have been re-
ceived at the North and South American Coffee-house,
to the 24th April.—From the Paper of the 23d April.
—Sw. RlVER.—Since our last we have gleaned a few
additional particulars of this interesting project. The
name of the vessel by which Captain Stirling is come
out is the Sulphur bomb ship. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Stirling and family, John Stirling, his brother, a
Captain and company of the 63d regiment, and several
transports, having on board artizans and farmers ; report
states to the number of several hundred. The colony.
it appears, is to be free—not penal ; and proposals have
been made to send to it a large portion of the pauper
population of England.
CAPTAIN STUART'S Ex P Env!. In !it .--Dispatches were
received from Captain Stuart, dated the Bth instant.
He had succeeded in penetrating the marshes, and had
reached some high lands, at a distance of about 150
miles, north-west of Mount Harris. He discovered a
river of considerable magnitude, being four times larger
than the Macquarie. The waters of the river are salt.
Tbe natives were numerous and friendly. He traces the
river upwards of 80 miles, but was unable to proceed
further for want of fresh water ; he returned to Mount
Harris to meet a supply of provisions, and started again
to prosecute his discoveries.
The price of wheat continues the same, from 7s. 6d.
to Bs. per bushel. Water was so scarce at Sydney, on
the beginning of this month, that the trade in water
became almost as profitable as rum and coffee.
MR. HusKtssox.---Our Manchester Liberals have
not yet abandoned the hope of inducing Mr. HUSKISSON
to partake of their hospitality. The Boroughreeve and
constables having refused to give the Right Honourable
Gentleman an invitation in the name of the town, an
active canvass has been going on during the present
week to obtain signatures to an invitation from such of
the inhabitants as felt disposed to join in the compliment;
and we understand a deputation, consisting of JAMES
WOOD, S. FLETCHER, and JAMES OUGHTON, &qrs.
left Manchester last evening, to wait upon tit, Right
Hon. Gentleman at Castle Howard.--Manchester Adv.
Friday night we had some accounts from the Davis'
Straits fishery, which are now of much greater im-
portance than formerly, as not above five or six vessels
resort to the Greenland fisheries. The accounts were
brought by a boy landed at Shetland from a Danish
vessel. He is one of the crew of the Rockwood,
of London, lost in the North-east Bay, Davis Straits,
then having one fish. This early date cannot have much
influence on our markets, although it is said that the
ships generally were badly fished, and many clean.
Three of the Newcastle ships had only one fish smart
them.—Liverpool Album.

-1'

a

..

ANGLO-AUSTRIAN POLICY.

The determined spirit maalfeeted by the public of France to re-
sist the Invidious attempt of the Goths to place a wretched band of
their accomplices in the direction of that nation. must convince
them at last bow hopeless is the scheme to blast the progress of

society, and play with men like pieces on a chessboard, more « en
fait," in questions of foreign policy than the press of England ;
and fully aware of the infernal nature of the plot generated in the
fiend-like tend of that miscreant of Vienna, and the guilty tools
who are secretly conspiring everywhere against the welfare of
mankind under his dark auspices,—they disdain to drivel at the
crisis, and permit the energies of the country to dumber in the
heavy sleep which now binds the faculties of England at a time when
honour, liberty. and improvement, are alike menaced by a knot of
barbarous conspirators, hanging in growing deformity like warts as
the face of civilization. The unanimous resistance vigorously
offered to the exclusive feudal apostolical project of enchaining
Europe still, for a time, in the chains of slavery and ignorance, in
a country like Frame, looked up to by the rest of Europe, should
warn the black brotherhood to retract the Utopian system of re.
stored tyranny—while yet their names can be rescued from history

as monsters to mankind, and their heads bow to the grave unse-
vered with the axe. Ignorance alone in this kingdom has saved
Ministers from the fury of public indignation. Here the people
exclusively engrossed is questions of domestic misery, have un-
knowingly been permitting their governors to forge fetters abroad,
shortly to be Imposed upon themselves at home. Because Austria
tears that constitutional examples will extend to Italy, and the

!souse of Hapsburg be degraded by limits to Its power ;—beenee
spies and gate Warms are insuncient to crush the inconvenient him
which inspire the nations to believe themselves entitled to &prom&
wive privileges-es enjoyed in England; because Rome has bat tie
inAgente, the Jesuits universally abhorred and proscribed, and the
south of Europe tends to a religious reform ;—because that honest
and industrious men enriching the countries with commerce and
the arts, dare to read, and conceive themselves no longer the live.
stock of a worthless and decayed Aristocracy;—British Ministers,
in sooth, must interfere with whips and hand-cuffs, to set up the
craw Catholic Governments of Austria, France, Spain, and Por-
tugal, at the expense of Protestant Cessdtational Europe. The po-
licy is as inconsistently absurd as it Is imprudently atrocious.
What renders the system more deplorable is the inconsistency. the
ignorance, or connivance of the Press. Writers calling themselves
champions of English principles defend the leaders of the conspi-
racy, offer up their prayers for a Don Mugu. and a FaItDIIIAND•••
and blame France for not receiving a Governor from the hand of
the Arch-Agitator and his worshipper, now ruling England.
Nay, s party is found inimical to C.atbolic Emancipation in Ire-
land—there pointing out the tyranny of the Catholic Church—de-
nouncing the demagogues of the Catholic Committees—croaking
on the fearful results likely to arise to our Constitution and tran-
quillity, by the introduction of the Jesuits into these realms—and
satisfied with thus attacking the effect, they on the other hand
advocate and support the cause.—Montrouge and its emissary
apostnUeds, working under Austrapapal protection, are
defended daily in the very face of our free insdnations,
and in opposition of all pure English sentiments of justice
and of virtue. They seem to know nothing of the Bishop of Hes-
suopolb,—the exertions at Rome,—the Irish College in Paris,—
and the plots at Sc. Omer's. They have forgot the threats so eon-
Meetly held out by our neighbours, in reference to Ireland, in the
commencement of the Onliting Administration—they know No-
thing of the money secretly expended by the Apostolical party in
France to compass the grand work of conversion, no mean part of
which has been applied to Ireland—that the tyrants of Spain and
Portugal, and .their adherents and entimaries, are only the collabo.
(raison of the party working the common cause in our sister king.
dont—nibbling only at the home detail; they are the mastic sop.
porters of the thing en grestie, and do not seem to doubt of Ans-
tria's loasence 113 the British Cabinet en the very question el
Ireland. It Is due, bovtiver, that the poblia erstiss .Ito
roused to our present position at home, and our policy abroad ;
that we leave O'Comniz.c and his party to their contompdhility
to attack their masters and suborners. Freedom of opinion, which
we strenuously uphold wlll be found far from the object of Irish
Catholic Assiselations ;—and woe to them who have taken the little
narrow view of this great question, straining at the gnat and swal-
lowing the camel. France is wiser ; she knows her danger, and
provides against it. A few months more, and then we also shall
me every peril—in time, I hope, to stumble on our feet, and break
our bonds before they are too ibm.

1....

THE New POLICE.—The glorious prospect of an ab-
solute Government, a standing army, la censure, and a
military armed police, together with the agency of
bayonets, and the system of espionage, will reduce the
parliamentary system to a very concise plan of drill, well
adapted to the habits and life of the grand Captain and
military Minister ; and we are informed that practising days
will immediately take place in St. Stephens's drill ground.
The main body is to be under the immediate eye of the
" greatest Captain of the age ;"—Lance Corporal Lord
A—, is to act as fugel-man to this corps ; the second
division is to be under General P—. Their fugel-
man is not yet appointed; but he will be one of true
calibre. The awkward squad has already been a month
at the goose-step ; and will, if not sent to the right about,
be perfect in their face-ings ere they are required.—
Some of the words of command are as follow ?—" Mem-
bers" (of the Corps), " Attention ;"—" Eyes right ;"
" Order"--(in your carriage is understood)—" Shoulder
to shoulder"—(to support the phalanx)—" Present"-
-(your persons in your places)--" Recover your con-
fusion;"—" Present"—(once more)---" Fire off your
votes"---" Recover your features ;"--" Shoulder again ;"
---" To the left incline"---(views being sinister---" To
the right incline"---(being obsolete)---" Front"---(front
of brass)—," Recover"---" Dismiss." Nothing can be
shorter or more effective !

The system of private warehousing of bonded articles,
it was thought, would be adopted at Sydney.
Expresses are said to be received from Vienna, by way
of Leipeig, with the price of funds on the sth—Bank
Shares 1,172#, Metalliques 1000#. The rise is attri-
buted to the contents of authentic letters received from
Constantinople, stating that the instructions to the
Turkish Plenipotentiaries, sent to General DIEBITSCH'S
head-quarters, are to make peace on any terms.
Another failure was announced this morning, occa-
sioned by that of yesterday. This second failure is that
of a very extensive stock-broker, whose engagements in
every species of public security run tolerably far into
next year. His principal losses are said to be occasioned
by speculations in Polish Bonds, Anglo Danish
Three per Cents. and Austrian Bank Shares ; and it is
expected that this failure will be followed by others.
The Captain and Officers of the Russian ship St.
Hebere, were entertained at dinner at the Government-
house. We are concerned to learn that Mrs. Darling
is still confined to her room

Advices from Washington state that the following no-
tice had been issued by the Comptrollers of the United
States, which is of some importance to the merchants :
" When a package contains articles of different qualities
and prices, those of a like quality and price ought cer-
tainly to be separately expressed in the invoice, instead
of the whole being expressed at an average rate. The
practice, therefore, of making out invoices in which goods
of different qualities and prices are extended at an ave-
rage rate, must be discontinued."

BATTLE OF NATTARIN.
_Ex_
COURT MARTIAL ono CAPTAIN DICKENSON, R.N.

MOM OUR CORIIIMIONIIM.
POITSKOWIII. TOICSRAT, SWF. 15.
TERMINATION OF THE COURT MARTIAL ON

CAPTAIN DICKENSON.
This morning the Court assembled at ten o'clock, and the Im-
pression that this long and interesting trial would be (lobbed, as It
was said that Captain Dickensoo would call no further witnesses,
it was thought that the Court would, immediately on such Intim*.
don beleg made, proceed to, and pronounce the judgment; how-
ever, in that we were disappointed, as the following witnesses were
called. The anxiety as to the decision of the Court, is great indeed ;
several bets have been made, as to an unqualified acquittal or a
slight censure ; the odds are in favour of the former.
The first witness called was the carpenter of the Genoa, who
was examined by
Sir H. Blackwood—Had you any assistance in carpenters in fit-
ting the Genoa for.sea beyond your own Grew?
Carpenter—Nooe.
Sir H. Blackwood—Were they constantly employed until the
work was completed ?
Carpenter—Yes.
Sir H. Blackwood—Was any exertion wanting on the pan of
any of the crew in preparing the Genoa for sea?
Carpenter—Every exertion was used.
Sir H. Blackwood—Do you think that more work could be done
by your crew in a shorter period?
Carpeoter—Utterly impossible.
Sir H. Blackwood—Was that work so efficiently executed as
only to require, upon your &nivel at Malta, some hoops for the
stain mast, which could not be furnished at Navarin ?

Carpenter —Perfectly so; we got nothing else but hoops to the
mast and two fishes to the fore mast.

Sir H. Blackwood—Were you en deck when the mina mast
went overboard on the morning of the 21st Oct. 11127?
Carpenter—Yes.
'Sir H. Blackwood—Did you observe what caused the mizen
mast to go over the side of the vessel. and was it caused by the
effect of wind, or the act of swaying upon the top rope ?
Carpenter—lt was (=Dittoed partly by the wind and partly by
swaying.
Sr H. Blackwood—Do you think the act of swaying upon the
top rope alone would have caused it ?
Carpenter—No.
Sir H. Blackwood—Do yeti know what was done on the night
of the 20th to secure the tottering mizen.mxst, and whether any
thing was done?
Carpenter—Yes; every ease was given to the mast. [Here wit-
ness entered into a long technical explanation which none but those
completely versant in nautical affairs could understand.]
Captain Shomberg—Mas the main-sheet and yard the Genoa
so fully secured at Naearin that they ultimately carried her to Eng-
land without any additional work?
Carpenter—With the exception of the hoops, which I before
mentioned, they were.
Captain Elliott—Wu the operation of securing the mizen-mast
entirely left to you?
Carpenter—Yes ; Captain Dickenson gave me instructions to
make the best arrangements I thought proper, and I was not in-
terfered with In so doing. . _ .

Captain Eliot—When was the hand-mut and the two side fishes
ready to get up on the main-mast?
Carpenter—The hand-mast was ready on the morning of the 21st
October • we worked by candle.light, with all the purser's lanterns
we could muster.

Capt. Elliott—Were the fishes got up as soon as they were ready ?
Carpenter—l think they were; I had other duty to attend to,
which prevents me speaking positively.
Captain Elliot.— Were you consulted as to the wouldings of those
Bata?

Carpenter—No.
Captain Elliot—What was the cause of your being so long
woulding the main-mast ?
Carpenter—l know no other cause than it occupied a process of
time to do so.

Captain Elliot—Were you from the morning of the 22d to the
evening of the 24th getting the wouldinp ou the mast ?
Carpenter—From fatigue and ever exertion I was obliged to he
bled. which prevented me making any further observation.
Sir Henry Blackwood—Did the exertions in wouldlng the masts
keep pace with your work?
Carpenter—The wouldings could not be applied until the idles
were ready; and I believe every exertion was made in woulding
the mast.

Sir H. Blackwood—Did you on the night of the 20th, after the
action, ascertain the precise state of the mitten mast ?
Carpenter—No; not until the day dawned en the following
morning.
Sir H. Illackwood—.Did you then represent to Capt. Dickenson.
or any other titer, the necessity of striking the mina top mast,
and securing with other spars to the mitten mast.
Carpenter—Yes • as soon as I discovered the shattered state of
the mast, I suggested to Mr. Miller, the master.
Sir H. Blackwood—At what hour was it day-light on the 91st
of October, to the best of your recollection ?
Carpenter—About five o'clock.
Sir H. Blackwood—Did Mr. Miller report your suggestions
and opinions to Capt. Dickenson ?
ter—l cannot say.
• Sir H. Blackwood—Was any thing done to carry your recom-
mendation into inunediate effect?
Carpenter—Yes.
Sir H. Blackwood—How soon afterwards?
Carpenter—l cannot state exactly the time.
Captain Elliot—ls the model of the Genoa made on any scale?
Carpenter—Yes, one quarter of a foot.
Captain Elliott—Were the shot which are marked under the
main-chain carried away with the chain-plates?
Carpenter—lt appeared so from the manner in which they were
bent.
Capt. Elliott—Were the abet-hetes marked by measurement or
guess ?
Carpenter—By guess, merely a memorandum to prove that they
were cut off.
Capt. Elliott—Have you any other plan to show the direction of
the shot ?
Carpenter—None.
Captain Elliot—ln this small plan have you marked all the shot
through ?
Carpenter—The small plan, on the wale of the 1-16th of an inch
to a foot, is merely a memorandum, not so correct as the large one ;
it shows sundry shot, but not all the shot.
Captain Elliott—Are the angles represented by the dotted lines
the exact direction which the *hot came in?
Carpenter—Generally speaking they are.
President—Was the fire front your opponent kept up inces-
santly. or as the Turks generally fire?
Capt. Smith—lt was not au incessant fire; they ceased several
times it was not as good as the fire from the Genoa.
Admiral Otway—Wfsen your opponent ceased [meg, and only
fired at intervals, slid the Genoa knock off firing also?

Capt. fimith-1 cannot positively say that our fire was wholly
stayed, because their colours never struck, therefore there never
was a total cessation.

Admiral Otway— What was the diameter of the smallest round
shot that struck the Genoa from her opponent?
Capt. Smith—To the best of niy recollection S 1; there were
two of 41, the largest 71, and the stone shot was 101 (that 1118.
81, 341. and 611 pounders.)
Capt. Elliot—Where was the 71 taken from ?
Captain Smith—The 7i were taken out of the coaster of the
larboard side, and the 41 on the lower deck.
Captain Nike— Had the Asia's opponent a large gun in midships.
Captain Smith—l never heard that she had.
Captain 13liot-IMd you look at the springs oat of the stern post
at the time you were hauling them
Captain Smith—l have no doubt but I did; I recollect seeing
them, and if I recollect correctly, it was growing from the quarter
to before the beam.

Captain Gordon—Had you a spring on your best bower?
t sptain Smith—We bad.
Car: ila Garden—Did you observe the podtion of the best bower
buoy at the time you were hauling the spring on the small bower ?
Captain Smith—l cannot positively recollect.
Captain Gordon—Aker you letgo the beet bower, did you heave
in on the small bower chain?

Captain Smith—We did not.
Captain Gorden—How such cable did the best bower take ?
Captain Smith—l cannot speak posidvely ; it was a long range,
I should judge at least 50 fathoms.
Captain Gordon—When you found a difficulty in getting any of
the 'rinse on the small bower, did it occur to you that It might
be possible to spring her by the best bower?
Cap in Smith—lt did not.
By Ceptaia Dickenson—At this distant period can you remem-
ber the Gm oboe recsdved by the Genoa from her opponent? If so,
state the nature of the shoe, where it came in, and in what direction.
Captain Smith—To the best of my recollection the last shot re-
ceived was on the foremost quarter of the lower deck, from our
e=t being in a direct line.
dent—Stons or OS?
°grain Smith—l believe k to be a large Iron shot.
Captain Zffiot—What do you mean by a direct line shot?
Captain Smith—From the broad tide of our opponent.
Captain Dickinson—Do yes remember the direction of the last
stons4W whisk struck the Genoa, and bovikag was it before the
battle was virtually ended?
Captain Sinith—l perfectly well remember the direction of each

state shot, but I cannot &peak positively as to the time the last
wan received. The direction of each steer was at right aagks with
the keel, or a broadside shot.

Captain Dickenson—On which decks did they come ?
Captain Smith—The main and lowest.
The Boatswain of the Genoa was then called.
President—Were you boatswain of the Genoa at the battle of
Bavaria? Was the Genoa. at the dogtrot the action much injured
in rigging. Ike. ?
Boatswain—Very much so. generally.
President—How soon after the battle did you begin to repair
your rigging?
Boatswain—lmmediately after it ended.
President—Do you think that every exertion was made in set-
ting your rigging to rights?
Boatswain—Every exertion that could be made wu.
President—How long have you been a boatswain ?
Boatswain—Twenty-eight years.
President—What part of her gammoning was injur,d?
Boatswain—Her Inner gammoning.
President—Were ►oth your mainstays shot away ?
Boatswain—Th: standing stay was shot away.
Sti Henry Blackwood—Were the wounding. of the mast under-
taken immediately after the helm mast fi-hes were up?
Boatswain—lmmediately.
Sir Henry Blackwood—Can you recollect at what period they
were completed?
Boatswain—On the 24th of October.

Sir Henry Blackwood—Were all the seamen constantly em-
ployed from the morning of the 21st to the evening of the 24th?
Boatswain—They were constantly employed.
Sir Henry Blackwood—Could more work hive been done in a
shorter period ?
Boatswain—lt would be impossible.
Captain Elliott—Do you know when the wounding of the main-
mast was begun?
Boatswain—On the 21st, a sine time in the fore part of the day.
Captain Gordon—Did you knot the shrouds of the main rigging,
or substitute flew otter? _

Boatswain—We knotted some, and substituted new elms for
others.
Captain Gordon—Du you recollect how many new shrouds?
Boatswain—Five upon une side, and four on the other.
Captain Gordon—At what time were they got over
Boatswain—The ged and 2.1 d of October.
Captain Gordon—Were you ready to set up the rigging when
the mast were secured by the fishes?
Boatswain—All ready.
Captain Dickenson then asked this witness one or two questions
merely as to the manner in which the shrouds were pat, and also
was there any deficiency in seamanship in the orders given, and
the arrangements made so as to prepare the ship fur action, to
which witness replied, that every thing bad been mine that could
be done. _ _ _

--
Lieutenant Morris was then called at the desire of Captain El-
liott, and VIA% examined by him.
Captain Elliott— What period of the action did the stone shot
coma in at your quarters?
Lieutenant klutris—l cannot exactly say, I think about an hour
after the action bad commenced.

Capt. Elliott—Where were you at the time?
Lieut. Norris-1 was about the sixth gum
Capt. F.lllott—Can you speak pu)))) rely as to the effects of the
shut when it came in? _ _

Lieut. Norris—lc killed and wounded nearly every man on the
7th and Bch gun, and a .heep of Capt. Bathum's.
Capt. Elliott—Was that the shot that knocked the trunnion of
the gun?
Lieut. Norris—To the beet of my recollection I think it was.
Capt. Jaliott—llo you feel confident that it was not a quarter
of an hour before the termination of the action?-1 have not now
a distinct recollection of the time.

The Court then a.ked Captain Dickenson if he wished to ask
this witness any questions? to which be replied in the negative.
The G•urt was then cleared, and after an hour we were admitted,
when we learned that it bad been engaged in consideting the pro-
priety of conceding to a request of Sir K. Codrington's, which
was made in a letter. It was thin ordered to he read ; and it
stated, that from the tepott of the trial which appeared in the
public Papers, some part of Sir Edward Codtingtun's evidence
was impugned, and be was anxious that himself, Captains Curate
and Baynes, should be examined to negative the imputation. The
Court, deeming such an examination unae. comfy, declined it. The
Court was then cleared, and we were given to understand that
judgment would be pronounced early to.mettow.

THE DREADFUL THUNDER STORM OF
YESTERDAY.

GOO of the severest storms which have occurred within our
recollection, burst yesterday afternoon about four o'clock.
—lt is impossible to convey an idea of the peculiar sen.
satian which the awful visitation created throughout the whole of
Lubbeth. At an early hour this morning, notwithstanding the
wet state of the day, great numbers of persons attended in Lambeth
Terrace, near Mr. Capper's house, to witness the damage done;
bet theinjory was not so perceptible to those in the street; the root
and stacks of chimneys only having been forced its—the front of
the house apparently being in its original state. Our first object
was to make enquiries after the inmates of Mr. Capper's estab-
lishment : the reply was, that the whole of those in the house at
the time were not recovered from the effects of the terrific ca-
lamity. The whole of the servants, with whom we bad an inter-
view, seemed to be billowing under a stupefaction. Miss
Ward, who was in the house at the time, is considerably
affected, but we are happy to state *be Is doing well. Some of the
oldest inhabitants of the parish of Lambeth, one old soldier espe-
daily, who has travelled in various parts where thunder is no no-
amity, stated that in the whole course of his life, either at home
or abroad, he never heard a more dreadful peal of thunder. The
shock was thrilling in the extreme; the whole earth seemed to
shake under Its influence • and be, with other of the neighbours.
Involuntarily proceeded erom their residence under the impression
that it wu an earthquake, and that they would be burlel in rains
before they could possibly leave their dwellings. The phenomena
is intelligently described by a Gentleman of respectability residing
nearly opposite to Mr. Lawson's, the Clerk of the Peace Office
which is adjacent to Mr. Capper's. lie was standing at his
door with a friend. when be cast his eyes towards the firma.
meet, and beheld the separation of the sky, which momentarily
issued forth its burthen, when the most awful, and at the same
time beautifully-grand sight that ever presented itself to his view,
was exhibited. Innumerable flashes of lightning came one after an-
other just above Mr. L.'s office, and at length the thunder separated
the cloud., and the rattling vibration continued for some time, to
• the great alarm of himself and every one near the place. That
pan of the sky had the appearance of an immetoe mass of fire-
works. sky-rockets, /cc. and it was providential that the tremen-
dous phenomena did not extend its ravages farther than it did.
The Geinkman assures us that he could describe the sensation ex-
dud in no other way than by saying, that it rentitadef him of the
world's awful end. The thunderbolt, which did so much injury to
Mr. Capper's house, forced an easy passage down the back chim-
ney into the back kitchen. A aaue.p n ha; pet eel to be on the fire
.at the moment, which was completely bent by its weight,
and koocked off the fire. It is mast fortunate that
the servants were not snore injured. The ball was of immense
sizes‘and the effluvia and fright actually stupified them, :ad they
weut tinned to the mot.
AU the servants were up during the whole of last night, clearing
away the rubbish front the sundry apartments, which were literally
filled with ruins. Immense pieces of stones were picked up in the
street, which must have dune great injury if any one had been paw.
Ing through the court by the side of Mr. Capper's house, where
they fell. We only beard of one accident to a boy who was pass-
ing through at the time. Several chimney-pots were broke down
by it, and we have beard various instances of persons beirg stupi-
fled by the visitation.
Upon inquiry at Mrs. Barlow's, after her butler, she informed us
that be is nut recovered from the effects of the accident ; but is
much better than be was last night. His legs are very painful.—
He persists in his story that be was struck by a thunderbolt ; and
he describes It as a ball of fire which he lost sight of almost inst. at i•
He fell senseless on the ground. His house is damaged very little,
but the whole of the inmates were excessively frightened. Jones,
the little boy who suffered at Lambeth school, is in a very bad con-
dition. His left eye and side is much injured and disfigured. We
inquired after the pour little boy at lite house of his mother, 52,
Carlisle-place. He was standing in the class, with 30 other boys,
when be was the only one struck by the lightning. He was
knocked down in a state of insensibility, and was brought home.
The other boys were very much affected by the shock. He is at-
tended by a surgeon. A young woman in Lambeth Terrace was
looking out of the window at the time of the catastrophe, and be.
log struck by the vivid bah, was completely paralized. It is too
late to describe other particulars ; suffice it to say, that we made
every inquiry all over the above spot to satisfy ourselves that no
lives had been lost, and we are extremely happy to add, that we
did not bear of any fatal consequence occurring from the aerial
visitation, which seems to have confined its ravages to the above
spot.

An eld sportsman of Cockermouth killed, on Wednes-
day last, at one shot, two hares and a partridge. The
hares were sitting together in a grazing-field, and started
about the same time, and in their course raised a pa fridge,
all of which were killed by the left-hand barrel.
