.

tie* and fraMe, Vadat
monasteries ; and against
natural indignition, they
Their detestationeof the
of the tyrannical pretensions
directed not only against
whole country participated
cherished against the- principles of the filer lewd men
~Who formed the .consistory of Rome, anali whole
people was regarded as incurably obnoxious io all the
honest acid upright, becausethe political necessity of
denying the pretensions of the Pope to interfere with
our affairs, yen it expedient in our Statesmen to
represent his pa • ns as men morally abominable.
Thus the effect of the aggressions of Rome Mili-
tary, were enhanced, by the frauds of Rome Papal,
and the erroneous opinions of our Crusading ances-
tors, were cohfirmesl,by the sinister representations_ef
our Reforming Divines and Statesmen—were con-
firmed by the preachers that brought CHARLIS I. to,
the scaffold, and the Bishops and Statesmen thatl
pandered to the lusts of Huai VIII.
A fourth. and still those effectual cause, operated'
to confirm the prejudice which these great general ca.
eualties had produced : because though in itself
more obvious than the others, yet, from the way is
-which it came to take effect, less likely to attract at-
tention.,--When the fervour of the antipathy towards
Rome, produced by the Reformation, had, in some
deg‘ve, abated, and general
,litenture had become'
domiciliated among us, England sent out many
travellers. full of impressions derived from the pert.
sal of the antient classics, who were-naturally led to
eisit Italy, not on account of the existing state of
things there, but as the theatre where great events
had been performed. These men participating in one
general national prejudice against every thing Italian
and Papal, were still more unfit, by the nature of
their education, to estimate, with a just judgment,
the moral and political qualities of, the Italians.—
they were filled with hatred for every thing connec-
ted with the Roman Church. and they, were enthusi-,
astic admirers of every thing connected *ith anti-
quity. In consequence, as they were men of learning,
and often men of genius, whatever they said or repor-
ted was so fortified by their reading, and corroborated
by their ingenuity, that the commonalty amongeus,
incapable of .discovering the radical and elemental
error of their views, acquiesced in what they asserted,
and believed ineadtements which strengthened 0'
prejudices. -
The English nation has thus; for upwards of on,
hundred and fifty years, been, from time to time, im-
pressed by her learned, and some of her most inge-
nious authors* with a notion, that every thing great
in Italy was 141 ruins, and every thing good nearly
obliterated. Prior to the French Revolution, we
never seem to have thought that our travellers in
Italy-were of necessity always but very superficially
acquainted with the state of the people. Their stay
at the most interesting towns was uniformly short ;
and, though they carried letters of recommendation
to respectable people, they were necessitated to be.
for the greatest part of their- time, associates with
persons who live by 'making themselves agreeable v.
all sorts of strangers; and who, more from habit than
any inherent want of principle, submit to the mo.l
degrading offices. The same person who has in the
evening acted as the procurer to a libertine, was often
seen in the morning accompanying a grave doctor to
I the libraries and churches. Perhaps,. in the whole
I world, there is not a more despicable race of men
than the Ciceroni and the waiters in the inns of Italy.
But it never seems to have occurred to the generality
of English travellers to suspect that when they spoke
of the profligacy of the Italians, they were misled by
the impressions which they had derived from these
contemptible miscreants. This much is ceitain, that
' the just inference which ought to have been drawn
from the custom of employing such agents in their.
meanest service, was, that decorunfmust at least be
publicly respected, which would not be the case were
it not privately esteemed.
When we analyse the common reports of travellers
as to the morals of the Italians, they resolve them-
selves into this, that in certain towns there are certain
worthless rn-en and women, who have a mutual com-
pact with each other for gain. But who would esti-
matethe morals of English females by the conduct
of the women of the town in London ?" Should we
then estimate the Italian character by a standard
equally unfair ? It is a curious fact, which every man
of reading may confirm, that although the authors of
books of travels uniformly speak of tile hospitality
and the virtues of the persons in Italy to whom they
had carried letters of introduction, or toy whom they
were introduced by such persons, they appear to form
their opinion of the Italians by that vile class to
which we have ventured to allude. The consequence
is, that although our travellers give innumerable in-
stances of the merits and good qualities of the indivi-
duals to whom they were recommended, their books
impress us with an opinion derived from casual ad-
ventures with panders and strumpets ; =Obis un-
favourable impression has been confirmed 'As many
cases by the conduct of those public Italians who
come to London for the purpose of contributing to
our arsusements---a description of persons which our
own taws designzted as rogues and vagabonds—a
designation which the good conduct of a few indivi-
duals does not invalidate the justice of applying to
the profession collectively.
Renee it is that, besides the prejldice arising from

• a.

•

duction of poetry, but to the relish of its beauties ? Is
it possible that a country, where the common people
sing the verses of ARIOSTO, of Taw, of METESTA•
sco, and of Palmation, as they ply their rudest
la-
bours, that there is no delicacy of sentiment enter-
tained for what is beloved, no admiration felt for
what is magnanimous ?
Is it possible that so many exquisite artists could
have surpassed all competition as the Italian painters,
'and sculptors harts done; had there not been in the
society of the country, a respectfor genius, and a dit-
-position as well as she mean: to reward its successful
efforts ? Is it possible that a nation, in which mer-
chants have attained the splendour, the rank, and
even the name of Princes, by the magnitude of their
dealings, can possess no liberality of mind ? Is it pos-
sible that a people who have acquired such a supre-
macy in magnificence, that all the occa Tonal splen-
dour of the British nobility is bat a distant and limp-
ing of their most common, style of life, can
have nothing'in their character which should induce
Englishmen to take an interest in assisting to rescue
them from a thraldom that is felt the more severely,
23 without foreign aid it is found incapable of redress !
In a future Paper, we intend to point out the causes
which have contributed to deprive the Italians of the
means of a simultaneous resistance to their oppressors,
and to &metope circumstances connected with the
formation of the kingdom of Italy, by BONAPARTE,
which point out the inevitable consequences that must
ensue, were it declared and understood that he ought
not to be permitted to wear the crown of Italy.

,

-.. ,
'' • -
the inadvertencks of travellers, 2nd the policy of times past, are not deeply convinced
dancers and singers, have tended to trtat the Spaniards of 1813 are very different from
country an opinion of the Italian chit-
those of other times, whether their Government be
composed of three, °five, or of me. We trust that the
• reverse perhaps of what it ought to English Ministry are .well aware of this truth.
lof estimating it by the great men, ..But- what shall we say to the ridiculous report, ori.
artists, merchants, and heroes, which ginating, probably, with some agent of the Corsican,
that the Armistice will be extended to the Peninsula
4 country tas produced, we have derived our opi-
nion from the dregs and refuse of society. Is it pos. No: it is incredible that the English Government
could even, have thought of such a measure : they
sible that Italy should have afforded for so many ages, little know ns if they did. Can any one imagibe that
such eminent and famous proofs of the sublimity of we can think of truce or treaty with the most falla-
mind in her offspring, had they not possessed at least
cious being in the universe, when we must be con-
vinced that it would only tend to augment our mix.commen, veneration for the 'great and.noble of human
fortunes ? Can Spaniards ever become such simple-
conduct ? Is it possible that her poets should have
that to
to
submission els v preferable
grave attained be degree of excellence that may equalled, the Tyrant
but has not yet been excelled, if there had not existed and to enter into truce with him is to prepare t,he
in the Italian mind associations of that high and dig means of our servitude.nified nature which is not -
On the continuance of war against Bonaparte Ze•
only essential to the pro-
... .ponds the salvation of Europe : he, ehcrefort. who

thinks of treaties with that sionster, aids him in ri•
veting the general slavery.
The Cabinets of Europe, which have transactions
with the SpinishGovernment, must also be told, that
unless they also consult the genius and opinion of this
nation, they err in their pohey, and their projects
will be finitless. It is na new thing in diplomacy to
coerce or to thwart the measures of a Coveinment
but it is impossible, or at least very. di scult, to effect
the same objects with regard to a whole people, and
that people so determined as the Spanish. We feel
' convinced, however, that no such Olds stein the con-
templation of the British Ministry ; ar.d that-the ru.
moors to which we h Ave now alluded originate In false-
head and refined malignity.

AMERICA

SECRET PROCE.EDINCS/
As we conjectured, the pruceeedings which lately
engaged, the two Houses of Congress, related to a
communication from the President recommend ng an
embargo. The itijunction of sect ety bring removed.
we unit rstand that a.Bill passed the Hou.e of Re-
preseutatives by a majority of 22, in wb.ch was em-
braced all the embargo laws, with the enlacing Act
to aid them. The Bill, was sent up to thl.Senate,
where it rem.:ined many days, and the general opi-
nion was that it would pass. On Wednesday this
day week) Mr. Giles made a most .abk and eloquent
speech against the Bell, which produced great effect,
and at six o'clock in the evening the qaestion was
taken.—Ayes 16—Noes 18, and so the Bill Mils lost.
We understand that the Executive took great in-
terest in this Bill, and made every exertion to hive it
passed into a law, but the Senate do net draw with
him in all measures. The debates in the reuse of
Representatives were very animated', eloquent, and
in some instances violent, even to personality.
Now we think that a more complete embargo than
we have now could not be wished or imagined ; but
we have remarked for some years past that whenever
the body politic becomes in a dangerous situation,
embargo, the grand panacea, which cures all our
public maladies, is administered as the last resort,
and although it has never been successful in any in-
stance, nevertheless our State doctors are determined
to stick to their practice. When the patient re em
the poisonous drugs of the empiric, and leaves his
healthful constitution to the operation of nature, his
life is less in danger.

We understand that both Hnuses of Congress were
to adjourn on Monday. —( Publk Ledger, Asigiut 4.)

IMPORTANT ADMIRALTY DECISION.

The Halifax papess received at Boston contain the
decision of Judge Crake in the case of the brig Orion,
Gabrin, from New York, bound to Lisbon, with a
licence, captured and sent in for a violation of block.
ade, in w'hich he decrees the restoration of vessel and
cargo, deciding, that the licence having been granted
ptrvious to the blockade, it protected her and all veto
eels trom condemnation with such a licence,
• though they should be captured departing from such
blockaded ports in the United States.—(Pubist Ledgers,
Auput 4.)

IR M3H OPERATIONS.

IREOUSS CAMP, JULY 29.—0 n Friday the British
fleet concentrated its forces opposite to Mount Al-
bino. On Sunday they weighed anchor, and pro.
ceeded down the river, under a very light breeze, un-
til the evening, when they anchored against Kitty's
Point. On Monday morning they landed 40 barges,
with 22.50 marines, in red ; the ;Am% being reserved
to manage the barges . along the shore. Admiral
Cockburn and Sir Sydney Beckwith commanded the
detachment. Thernarched directly for Point Lockart,
driving the stock before them, which amounted to
800 or 1000 head, consisting of cattle, sheep, and
horses, with x quantity of poultry. In three or four
places they offered pay, which was refused by most
cf the inhabitants. On Tuesday they embarked, being
apprehensive of an attack from the militia from above;
and to-day (Thursday) they are all on their way
round Point Lockart, and are destined, probably, for
Anapolis or Kentisland. They have carried all Mr.
Armstrong's horses on board ; and they inquired
particularly which of the inhabitants were militia-
men, and carried off an Officer and one man priso-
ners. The Commanding General said a new Admi-
ral was expected out, and from 16 deserters that have
come in we understand that it is to be Sir Sydney
Smith, and that this fleet was to begin a more san-
gainary war than has hitherto been waged. They
also state that the land force on board at present, does
not exceed 4000 men, that they left a good many
marines on board, and that they landed no blue jac-
kets. We are in hourly expectation of militia rein-
forcements. The largest part of Major Harry's bat-
talion, the whole of Major Somerville's, and a part of
Colonel Newman's regiment are encamped here, a
very advantageous post, a few miles from the enemy
on both sides. Colonel Asliton's regiment is eat
petted from Leonard Town or Chaptico.
The people have been excessively harassed with
military duty for three weeks, and thus uhilst our
armies are making starts in Canada to pass under tho
yoke, and cover the nation with disgrace, our citizens
Are obliged to abandon their domestic concerns, and
lose their crops to the ruin of their families by public
duties. Would it cot bo. infinitely wiser to de:end
our shores with regukars, than to send them abroad for
ignominious purposes.---(Fitierai Rtint6lican, Goro
Iwn) Arra 2.)

wee deteeteil hi , oh taunt, I
inst which, with an bbs,st altd iniseinduct of
vowed PerPatal 10.111ty• pence in this
be Papal priesthoodflpirlilid ranter, the-very
ensions of the Popes; .beilrms be ; for, instead
nst Rome, but all Italy. The by the authors,
paced in the enmity that was site country las
