AMSTERDAM, APRIL'S.

On the 26th ult. the English landed a detachment
of about 60 men near Bremerlehe, and misled some
peasants, habittated to smuggling, by announcing
the approach of reinforcements) which did not exist.
':'he 15th regiment, composed of the cohorts, sta-
tioned near the place of debarkation, promptly for-
warded a detachment, which was joined by the Cus-
tom-house officers and the artillerymen df the coast.
In a short space of time 19 of the English were killed,
and 14 made pr toners, with their Commander. A
stand of colours, two small pieces of ordnance, and
all the merchandise they had brought with them,fell
into our hands. Several of the smugglers paid the
forfeit of their lives for the audacity that had inspired
them with the hope of recommencing their old prac-
tices. The rest, taken or disalmed, havtbeen taught
by this essay of the ardour of our young soldiers, no
longer to expose themselves, upon the faith of the
English, to certain perils.
- -

FRANKFORT, APRIL I.
We ate assured that within tor ten days fbrty
thousand French troops will , 'rough this city,,
consisting, for the most part, . and artillery.
The Duke of Padua and Generall • aveux have ar-
rived here. On the 211th, two regiments of marine
artillery, and four battalions of infantry, marched
through this place for tblir ulterior destination.

COSTANTINOPLE, FEBRUARY 10.
On the 30th ult. at day-break, the batteries of the
Seraglio announced to the public the long expected
and happy tidings of the arrival of the keys of Me-
dina. They were delivered into the hands of the
Grand Seignor, at noon, in the Mosque of Ejub, and
thence conveyed, in solemn procession, to the Sera-
glio. Ctn the 6th inst. the French Ambassador, Count
Andreossi, had his first public. audience of the Kai-
makan Pacha.

TH] EVENING STAR

LONDON.

MONDAY, APRIL 120 1813.

PRICE OP STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK:
Reduced SSF—Cons. 59 for se. 59f-4 per Ct.7Sj
S per Cent. 88H—Bonds Is. 2s. db.—Exch. Bills Es. 7s. pre.
Bank Long Annuities 14 11-16 tbs

At a late hour last night a Heligoland, or rather
gamburgh Mail, arrived, with a continuation of the
pleasing accounts of the uninterrupted successes of the
Russians. The affair of Bremenlehe, in which the

peasants were so barbarously put to death, has been
:gloriously revenged, by the punishment which has
been inflicted on General 8./GRAND and his blood-
hounds. We rejoice at this just act of retribution. If
the French are to make war like savages, they must
abide by the consequences; and every German or
Prussian who spares the life of one of these mur-
derers, is a traitor to his legitimate Sovereign, and
to his Country.
The various Proclamations of General BLUCHER
and of WITGENSTEIN, which we have extracted from
the Hamburgh Papers, will be read with much inte-
rest. We refer to our Private Correspondent's letter
also for some further interesting details.
Before the List accounts left Hamburgh, are R-
Was in general circulation that the Prince tif :
'n tar. had marched from Magdeburgh with a corps
of 14,000 men, and that he was proceeding towards
that city (Hamburgh) by the way of Brunswick.

TO TEE INIIABITANTS OF SAXONY.

Buntzlau, March 13th (23d)."
" Saxons !—We Prussians enter your territeniy to
pat ou our fraternal hand. In the East of Europe
the LORD of HOST.; has held a dreac of -
gee, and the Angel of Death has
those strangers by the sword, fan'',
that earth which they, in the insol

peril, would have brought un
Burch wherever the finger of the
fight for the security of the ancil
natimial independence. With

people,. who have boldly driven
ion% and in the high felling of j 1
seised liberty to the subjugated
to Ton the mbrning purple of a
for shaking off a detestable yo/
years dreadfully trashed us down,
rived. A new war unluckily commenced, and still
more unhappily concluded, forced upon us the peace
of Tilsit; but even of the severest tides of that traty,
not one has 'peen kept with us. Every follgwing

treaty encreased the hard conditions of the preceding
DA es For this reason we have thrown off the shame-
Ifni yoke, and advance to the heart-cheering combat
for our liberty.
" Saxons! ye are a noble, enlightened people !
You know, that without Independence, all the good
things of this life are, to noble minds, of little value—
that subjection is the greatest disgrace. You neither
can nor will bear slavery any longer—you will no
longer permit a cunning and deceitful system of po-
licy to carry its ambitious and depraved views into
effect, to demand the bloo'd of your sons, dry up the
sßiing of your commerce, depress your industry, de-
in:oy the liberty of your press, And turn your onec

, tarnish the
glory of Prussian discipline win" not be acknowledged
by me as one of us, but I shall take care to punish
his crimes by a dishonourable punishment.
C 6 Soldiers of my Aimy I ye know that I pater-
nally watch for your good l but you no less know,
that I suffer no excesses—that such always find in
me an inflexible judge t act accordingly.
(Signed) 64 BLUCHER."
COPY OF A LETTER PROM GENERAL BARON DE TETTEN-
BORN TO THE AMBASSADOR, THE COUNT DR LIEWEN,

DATED HAMBUUCH, BIARCII 23, (APRIL 4,) 1813 :

4, I hasten to announce to your Excellency the
distinguished ♦ictory which was gained on the 2d
instant, at Luneburgh, by the troops of his Imperial
Majesty, over the French.
•, General Morand, who, (as your Excellency
'knows') had retired to Bremen, again marched in
advance as far as Tollstadt, three miles from I-jar!

readful court of jus- policy from turning bcr arms against the
is cut 01 800,000 of f, , a , %Iran ..,„' : . .:_,:i:iourselves r.
mine, and cold, from .`,l. '
_. xi: .- -.,
'.- . . consider t
solence of their pros. j•- 'Se:4lk: • ..,-, ; ,. -.of Gam,
nder the yoke. We'. bich44o. we Itave tlk.ntip arms, ;
e LORD directs us, to ~T -:. !, -es.
. -1.
ient thrones, -and our 4 .The inhabitants of §aisay will, on
us comes a valiant Italia; in a. proper manner taffy your -
back foreign opprek- wishes ; copy the example of your com
its vic ..•• - ' in General Yorck's corps d'armce,
• \
nati. 0. -. ..; i 8 " gh for a long time in a foreign count
ili4.
,•-., (.
`
new ~... *. • 'the strictest discipline supported the lion
Ae w' '" .. ,lihr Prussian name.
cn, has at length kr- " The miscreant who shall by violences
...
