ientatives of
ifficient rea-
ct y roan that
anci Foreign
I—(Cheers).

enter into
ire that osk
'lt Mover of
re forces and
so familiar
:avarin, that
s very slight
dmiral Cad.
In Armistice
r, resrecting
le Armistice*
7urlcish.
had different
paTstice, anti
he forthwith
.Cr di in gum,
ind a frigate.
posal, but bar
judicious 44
and the.fri.
K Turkish or
terms of ,the
idful 'of their
t an order Lo-
be forth with.
)st promptly

I had assert*.
faith in the
, for the Ad-
adinz Would
I to submit to
The Turkish
ar and fort'
consisted of
sels mounted
guns.- This
the guns on
ose who base
!ng and effe.c--
leed they pm-.
. The number
'5, and there,
:tails that the
4ebtyczyed two -
ight mention;
tarp n ittire.nf
red, and • that
tt son who was
%s, be allowed
y happil y•and
ertion he had
e Powers. was
te, was cloSely
and her siioa-
French frigate,
to the tel,ief
itnself sbe:ireen
nd soon com-
ar the,condnct
cimts.aftd-galw
vetiiel, instead
r the CI estc
together, as a
inow tedgn ent
!4t 'Oce**l7.ll)bs
of thinonie),,
mnecessary_
tie that part--of
nt,,Conamand*
ins the Bay of

here 'remain only
to tie again putt
a great sacrifice of
e the loss of inapt
taittea. The Ca
sinntry, and in tee

e tiled/it-fore:et
tiOD had ;sever
• one upon the
etfee of opinion.•
id been univei-
:ommended by
pleciating
question old*
igit to his sub-
s say .that the
: the•only vesuk
ren rise to the
F the wcitftr-
). For by ti e
comparatively
be every -pros-
aty of ;.oadaa
the. mints so.
Greece, would-
that detail, be
to speak
Gentlema,a hid
s. -and had ridi-
n- English' fleet.
battle ships lie-
.y still spoke -at
he would -refer
:d ; and if they
rbariani, add
r of the thanks
hlon. Gentkwes
not barhariaur I
not biebir'fitirS;
s? And ytt
y victor les .over
had been enani-
he should toair-
nd the re,istatice
lick that iiodee
sapport of bit
rated for Copra-
been fired; the
lmiral Stopfordl
Pr the assistance
when again not
d to Admiral de
, and inanyortwe
in all of whirls
iawer of the re-
estimation. At
r day in the cast
that no vote eif
er, but he (Mr.
snals, that liars
td to Osborne ss
to to any *144
and distinctive
confined -to the
ay. An obiat-
, he ►lto ul4 -fur
ttween !ttic
ijustly.be *Klett
b respect to Ca-

penhagen. 'That objecbon .was made by the Minis-
'ters
not of the day, by their saying that Denmark had
the posrere that it was too .weak. to maintain a
neutrality. Indeed, previous to the visiting of Copen'
hagen by our fleet, there were 15'0 Danish vessels in our
ports, and their merchants and owners feeling great
anxiety As to their safety, made a representationto the
Crown Prince, who replied that from England there
*could be nothing to fear, as he did not possess a single
Ally in whom he had greater confidence. But there was
another and a more satisfactory precedent on. which
the House might act. He alluded to the battle of
Algiers. There was at the period that action took
place a league entered into by several Sovereigns of
Europe for the tranquillization of the Mediterranean
sea. Thus then the object
,of the two treaties was
the putting d.)wn of piracy and the tranquillizing
of the Mediterranean. After visiting, and with
."cress, Tunis and Tripoli, Lord Exmouth, the Admis
*al of the English Fleet; appealed off_ Algiers, and at
ifirst the Dey appeared• inclined to concede, and two
flays were allowed him for consideration. The British
Admir.,l, however; soon learnt that a dreadful massacre
/bad been perpetrated at Bona, a place a short distance
from Algiers, in direct contradiction to the spirit of his
proposals, and he forthwith proceeded to the attack.
The result of that attack was well known ; and what was
the notice taken of it in the Prince Regent's (his present
Majesty) speech upon the opening of the Parliament?.
Why, that S,'eech spoke of it in these terms :
" The hostilities to which I was compelled to resort, in vindica-
tion of the honour of the Country, against the Government of Al-
giers, have been attended with the most complete =CUSS.
"The splendid achievement of his Majesty's fleet, in conjunc-
tion with a squadron of the 'King of the Netherlands, under the
gallant and aisle conduct of Admiral Viscount Exmouth, led to the
immediate and unconditional liberation of all Christian captives
then within the territory of Algiers, and to the renunciation by its
Government of the prattiee of Christian slavery.
" I am persuaded that you will be duly sensible of the importance
of ah atrangenieftri6interesting to humanity, and reflecting, from
tht manner fib which it had been accomplished, such signal honour
on the British nation."

Such. was the language in which his Majesty spoke
'of.the battle of Algiers, and it appeared to trim that,
such language might with the utmost propriety and.
very little alteration have been applied to the glorious
achievement of N avat in —(1-lear, hear.—And what was.
the language of the late Lord Castlereagh, when he
moved- a. Vote of 'thanks to Lord Exmouth and his.
brave associaTes forthe gallantry they. displayed? Why
he charasterisedi)WiChievernent, as one which did ho.
her to Greaklititain,. and said that the House would,.
tete with peculiar pleasure, our-fieet combined with that
of Holland in the completion of a'ttiumpkwhich.was a
. .... _.
benefit not to ambition, but co -civilised society and ha.
matiity. And could • any- argues, be. more appropri-
akolti the battle' of Noirin ?. Bot Lord Castlereagh
went on (a sly, iiiit although the enemy might be de-,
Select in skiff, yetby their numbers and their reckless bravery they
were formidable, and to be conquered only by a rare union of
perseveraace, skill and courage. Again, .00thing could be more
appropriate to the battle of Navarin than such language. Besides,
that be (bir. Hobhouse) renstmbeied that the motion on that
occasion was seconderlloy • a • young and very ingenious Gentle-
man, who declared it to be " a noble enterprise, a brilliant enter-
prise, and in a good cause." That younkand elegant Gentleman,
as he thin iptoiMaerlio be, was, be recollected, a Mr. Law—( Hear,
tear,. heat D—but what hid becinisedf..lifin since he so admirably
.eharactetited ilia battle' of • Algiers :44- (Mr. HObbouse) could
mot pretend to sly—(itheers and laughter.) But as the cases
of Navarin and"'Algieri" were iseitly parallel, be would take
Mar, the promising:yentrig:GentleMan, as his gattli...atid ,desiinate
the former as " a noble 'enterprise,. a brilliant enterprise, 'Mid in a
good cause."—(l-(ear, heir !,) There Were 'fader killed but more
woustStif at •Aiiiiti thairit Nabartn ; but he' again repeated, that
the nave of the resistance act arootiet 'of the loss were nut essential
to iii/ 4.9-tatiofi.'n'SertOition rat
was, whether the action under
ecassiciiflii;rifiairiii. had not reflected honour on the British arms?
With it policy hadnothing to do;`-and after the testimonies he had
quoted, he couiti.,not Conceive' hoW there could be the slightest
diffemee qf qpiiitno upon the subject. Ile had been endeavouring
tulips' out atm plausible excuse could be urged against his resolti-
tion. To discover it be hid conversed with many in and out •of the
House, but noapne was able to assist him. - 'But in his researches
be thought he hit. upon the undiscovered' point. He thought that
be bad found a hint in the speeth of an Hun. and Learned Gen-
tleman (Mr.:it...Grant) which, followed out, =lsla jurciish an
objection. It had been said by this lion.and•l.,earned Oentkmin,
that it would not be addhable tbentertain the-questiou in any shape
white acguelnioas were pending. And he ( Mr. ilobhouse) was
scaly to admit that that, might tie a very good reason why the policy
eif Me: treaty, or:.the battle Would not be discussed, but it had nothing
at all to do. with his resolution. 'f he• House knew all it could upon
the -aalsject of the Gallant Admiral's conduct. It had, the opinion of
those who. empowered him, .o( those who had succeeded them in
*Set, end certainly did not appear a little inclined to criticise his con.'
datt,and.therefore they could not possibly require any further in-
formation; If it was said the instruction's ought to be produced, be
answered, that that was no fault of Admiral Codringtotes, but it'
was the fault of those who refused to produce thern—(Hear).--
Te conduct of Sir E. Coilrington
,must be either a subject kir
great blam'e or for great, eulogium; and since arose commended
hint Vilio-anlyi- as they said, had the proper means of judging of
it, le_fri_er but 'common justice that he should receive the reward
be2:ll(4'tiftelf. • But ft ha. been 'said, • itt'oppiaition• to his pro-
posikl wife olthanks, that the House Of Commons adopting such
a measure would exasperate Turkey. • He had, heard it said by
some 'ere geed sad honourable ...Gentlemen as ever sat in
that House, that the indignation of the Porte world,, be greatly
excited by, osch a recces:ling. But •he apprehended that those,
who, indulged. in anclaleats imagined, that .because they were in
thi Jaabit. of. readioctber4pbatm of that House regularly in the'
blurt lip& Newspapers that dia'Turks
,?ollowed the same custom.-
Nisi 4111 as-el- had been in Turkey, and although it was sonic
time since be was there, . yet VW" march, of intellect," of which
everibeskizad lattevly, beard so much, must have been rapid in•
deell; lopovianythitlg it a 1(( aboOt tiLevispaPers or the proceedingi
oithai Bittle=(faailghter).4 Disiiiis has stay In Turkey he had nett
with' hut .osieinitn, actrikny'bia doe Nile, Who-knew that theroWid
an Roglisit House of Commons, 'oi sthat a vote meant=(Lott)
la •• ery. Sucte•lik esurrethhe House was the fact, and that em:
II irett Torte, wit Ali- Paths himself(Hear). And really if any!
tte'in.,
p ' wiretilabe talkitig to a Turk—aye, and what was called so
idlOsreent one,-aboue that House and its voted, the Turk would
think '.lOl *á bait belatid ; and, therefore, to talk of exaspe-
railigMtekey liy istibaing i vine of thanks seemed to him really+
a pale' sidictiloiss. He: now found a much more. likely thinal
to esdarrale tba, Qrand • Ssigoor, in a phrase used in his
114esty siSPeeiilS. - He' illided to the term w Ancient Ally."-..:
Warns,!iskifis *fin visited iia the ion'and brother of the Noon;
themaster• of ,countless milliiin, awe who styled us as Christian
Boiti i* me,nol kts (Soldier eteint ar-AncientAily,calculated, if any
thinteoold, atter the battle of.Navuin had pot done so, to exas-
perate the Grata.Signior—(Heat, and laughter). Re would appeal
to any Gentleman who was aware of the indignities imposed upon
out Ansbassadois and sit who went in. their suites, as to whether
from the vast. show the Porte made of his superiority, it was nut'
much more likely he would beincenscd by familiarity than by a veto
of.tbanks liaising that House—( Ileac and laughter).—There wail
cad dilicility to be. apprehended froni a vote of thanks; the mai '
theniyhieb we had to gusrd against' was not giving Offence by sssdi
Eetwa a the G' and Sultan and the Refs Effendi, but httinglPrinei
teintch arid tbe Austiian Court iniagrai shit Wi were about le
• 'II trosii the NISI-tient-Of the Treaty we bit nsidif—(awiis).
If Oteie Wes My thing to be apprehended, k vial Me feign a V.Olll a
that Iclonii, but from a courier from Austria. Both the Ham
Gentlemen opposite and thoie around him, well knew that persist
...•
veranee was neceisiry, to be successful li
_political affairs, and it
that were once tool sight of, then indeed triumph las in danger. Ia
the Vote of Thanks he 'should propose, lie should'
take the Übertt
of including the Preach and Russian Aiiniials, add he' did so upOl
the precedent of Algiers and some occurrences In Spain. No doubt;
that one of the greatest and most gloriom distinctions that Eng.
had possessed, was the power of bestowing, through her Repre,
'made's, her thanks upon those whiz had either peculiarly ad.
lanced her own particular interests, or those of the civilized world
and humanity in general. It, was the glorious privilege of a
country where freedom ruled, and the houOur it conferred was
rendered es unable in the eyes bf foreigners, because it proceeded
from those who having wrought out their own treedom, were the
better able to apprecime the noble achievements of others—( Hem',
heir!) 'fo confer an honour in such cases was to do boaour.to
themselves, artd he itatra sincerely believed that the battle of Na.
'ants justly called for . kith a tribute—( Hear, hear!) He kneW
that true Thenki Or that House ought not to be malle too cheer,
that they otight not to. be ifs en on every slight Occurrence ;• but he
knew ilse that tewfifshold them when they were justly due, waste

rob the patriot warrior of the brightest and dearest laurel he could,
acquit.. He spoke that sentiment trot upon his cierrtatithotites •
but upon that of the Duke of Wellington. When Oar great
General; as Sir Arthur WellesleY,.. received the thanks of that
House for his conduct at . Copenhagen, nothing could be more
noble than .his reply. The language that Noble Duke had
then used, ought for ever to be rernemhered. He said that the
thanks of that House, as the Representation of the British People,
was the dearest recompense a soldier could receive—that ii was the
ardent hope of obtainiog that bright reward that stimulated men on
to glory, and to make unbounded sacrifices for their country's good.
Sush was the sentiment the then Sir Arthur Wellesley expressed,
and it was impossible to add value to his description. And might..
he not be perniitted to observe, that the thanks of that Hope might
even have been present to the mind of the great, extraordinary.
and illustrious man, and led him ea in some measure to those
brilliant achievements which bad secured to him eleven different
Votes of Thanks at the hands of that House—(Loud cheers).
He was thanked for Vimeira—for the defence of Portugal—for
Talavera—for the siege of Ciudad de Roderigo—foe the taking
of Badajoz—for the Battle of Salamanca—for Vittoria—for his
entrance into France—fur Orthes—for the glorious battle of
Waterloo, and for his general conduct during the whole war—
(Loud cheering). And, if after recounting his long list of noble
tsiumplis, he could suppose it possible that such a man es the Duke
of Wellington, that a hero crowned with so many Impels, could
envy a Gallant Officer of a different though a kindred profession,
one single wreath, then indeed he might fear that there was some
.truth in the rumours he had heard. If he could by possibility
imagine that such a falling 'off could be, then he should be able
to belieire, 'which to did not, th it that illustrious Commander,
had used all his influence, and great it was known to be, to . pre-
vent, Sir Edward Cotirington from receiving the reward due to his
gallantry—(Hear, hear, bear).—But he could not, he woold nor, ,
prove any such thing, until it was proved by the vote. When he
looked round him and saw so many gallant Officers of both the pro?
Cessions of arms—when he saw also several who had been connected
with the late Government from whom the gallant. Admiral received
his instructions—when he recollected that he ems addressing the
Representatives of the Nation, celebrated for its glorious struggles
in the cause of freedom, and even perhaps still more celebrated
for the gratitude which it ceased not to entertain for benefits re-
ceived by it—when he saw around him so many who, though they
differed in a variety of points, were still ever found 'ready and
anxious to do justice to gallantry and merit; when he saw all
thai, he could net think it possible that his proposal would be re-
jected, since its rejection Could bring with it nothiirg but disgrace—
(Cheers). If, however, he should be mistaken—lf, after all his
hopes, every generous, every just feeling should be stifled, let,
.the House turn its reflection to what would be the language of
history, and pause, ere yet it was too late. Should his resp-
lution be cast aside, hiitory would record the melanchely truth
• in such language as this:—Speaking of Admiral Codrington,
and the treatment his gallantry met with in the 'British House of
Commens,lt would say—His merits were ickdoWdged and•
hotiodred by his gracious Sovereign ; foreign Potentates rushed With.
earirness to confess and pay the debt of giatitude they 'tined hrtia.;.;
bmbicown countrymen were unmindful of his great' deserrt..
Thei?better and more generous feelings were absorbed in &Wide'
jealousiess—(Loud cheering from the 'OppositiOn):—,and while.BMY
gloried In the triumph of a parry, they forgot the -intefest of Chris;
tendom, and the hero of its preservation-e(Cheering). The Hon.'
Gentleman then concluded by moving a vote of thanks, fraMed to
the usual way, to Sir Edward Codrington; the *French and Russian
Admirals, and! he Officers, Seamen, and. Marines, who served endue
them at the action in Navarin BAY.
Upon the questienbeing put .Irtnn the Chair,,
Sir F. BLlRD,ETTs.ecolidedthe motion. ,
On the first branch of the motimetelni pet from tlieVhiiri
Mr. BANKES rose to.address the House,hut -unfor- .
ttinately such a numberof Members rose to leave the
House at the same moment, that he was altogether
inaudible in the Gallery during. the early
°part of his
address. We understood him to state, that he could
not venture-to attach either praise or blahleVo the affair
at Navarine in the absence. of the necersary -dbcoments.
When those Papers were produced-, the House would be-
able so judge the nature of the orders given, as well as
the manner in which they were carried • into execution.
The present. Motion, if acceded to, would place • the
House in this situation;—it would. iambi their sanction*
• -
co a Treaty whiCh, in his opiaion,:ought nut to be sanc-
tioned. They were now about to-investigate the whole
question without knowing, in point of fact, whether

:hey were in a state of' war or peace-with -the Power in
question ? The HonOurable Member here adverturat
some length to the nature of the Treaty .between-'he,
Allied Powers, and proceeded to contend that nothing
therein contained the attack made upon the Turkish
fleet at Navarin. It was contrary to the policy of 11r.
Pitt to allow the Russians to euter the Mediterranean,
but now that they had got.in there, how were we to geti
them. out? If this could not be accomplished, was it
nor, he asked, contrary to the usual policy of this court-
yto sanction.their enyanee lit tenternheted a line,,
uhich said that
Who beipi ipesierfal.friewd, preArats a tee,"
and he• believed that it- was fully verified upon the pre,..
sent occasion. The House should remember, that no
man was More opposed than the late Mr. Canning to
any interference with the internal policy of other Statet.
But supposing such an interference as that which took
place at Navarin necessary, was our Navy reduced to
such a state as to require the assistance of two Foteign

Powers? The Hon. Me'sblier concluded hy.opposin4 the
motion upon the grounds silready stated. • -.••'.•
Mr. kIUSKISSON-In presenting Myself"td 'the'
House upon the present occasion, I Jo ndt Teel thart
am called upon to say much in answer to the Hon.
Member who has just sat down, inasmuch as he has, as
it appears tome, wandered altogether from the question
before us—(Hear, hear). For myself, I cannot help
.regretting that the Hon. Member (Mr. Bankes) has not
thought proper to adhere to the more mild' and pro-
perly chalked out course by the Hon. Member for
yVestiniaster: 'My Lion. Friend, the Member for Dor.
setsbire, has told us that the objects of ti.e Treaty, ac-
cording to his reading of it, differ entirely from the
protocol of Petersburgh in 1826;' • now this I must
altogether deny—(Hear). We must look to both, in
'Order to consider their various bearings. la both the
contracting parties bound themselves to reconcile the
conflicting interests in Greece, in order to procure a
`general pacification of the Levant. My Hon. Friend
has talked to you of the frand and violence committed ;
_but it is clear that he carinot have read the Treaty or
he would have seen that we were bound to iaterfe:e as
Kell by the words of that-Treaty, as in aid of the in-
terests of humanity and the pacification of Europe. The
first words of the Treaty betireen the High Contracting
Parties, offer their. joint' mediation for the. purpose .of
effecting, as speedily as possible, a reconciliation of all
existing differences. The Hon. Member may quarrel and
`find fault for the steps taken upon that occasion, but
tie' can hardly expect me to give him any other an-
swer at this Moment, than.that the Allied Powers had
no other objects in view than conciliation and peace.—
Having given thitgeneraldenial to the doctrine broach
ed by my Honourable Friend. I. do not feel...called
Upon to. follow him over the ground he has, chosen
to take upon this occasion; it is enough for me. to
.say, that the peace of Europe has been in jeopardy
dating the I.st seven years that the state of things
was such as to threaten war, which mug end in the ex-
t:rmination of one of the parties--a.niar which, if,mcire
generally extended, no one- could predict the con-
elusion of. • I can tell my Honourable- Friend, - that
the policy of this . country, in the time of Mr. 'Pitt,
and of Mr. Fox, and of .all other men who have ever,
directed its Councils, has been, not to interpose unneces-
sarily in the concerns of Foreign Countries, or to inter;
pose generally in questions of their independence, except
where our necessity was urgent, and only where our
interference had for its . object the preservation of the
peace ut Europe.. England bad never interposed in the
imagined, except to
min'ianinnterainwthhiecheximstainny gsiGtUeatiteninoenf Enung
roape, in accordance
, to established principles. To interpose under such cir-

cumstances that the interposition might be construed
into an interference with the internal concerns of any
ether people, had not been the conduct of this coun-
try. In 1787, Mr. Pitt, with the consent of his rival,
Mr. Fox' had interfered with Continental affa;rs,
.4) far as to preserve the then existing situation of
Europe, as any alteration in that state, must, have,
been pregnant with danger to the general tranquillity.,
The Honourable Member for Westminster has
said, that we have been guilty of injustice with-respect'
-to the recent Treaty ; but the object of that Treaty was
otn hfoep
pis
!ar
embvyee
nLat
Lord
gdt h
sat
tthrao the a
tnf
gstfaotr Protocolstate
six
of
things
years signedgwo
h,
if
co
hra tCn t
nheuo
sp.t
us trhapnayo
ct
tended tc war. His Majesty's Government will honestly
make every exertion to fulfil the Treaty they have en•
tered into in conjunction with our Mlles. The Hon.
Member for Westminster has confessed the great ho-
nour conferred on any Military or Naval Officer, by
the thanks of Parliament, tor conduct in battle,
especially when they are moved by persons uncon-
;aected with the Government of the country. I can.
.not deny the abstract proposition, that there may be
occasions when Thanks, moved in such a manner, may
-colter additional honours ; but this is an occasion on
which it is expedient to make an excepiinn. I can tell
the Hon. Member, that with all the information which
he assumes himself to possess, he ought to be better ac;
quainted with the circumstances of the times before he
pronounces so decide.ly up-on the character of the
events on which he has founded his motion. The Hoo.
Member has said, among other things, that he knew the
fepert made by my Gallant Friend who was sent to the
Mediterranean, was perfectly satisfactory in all points.
Mr. Hosnousr —I have net used the expression " on all pointa!'.
Mr. 111.JM/SON—I can only state, that if. the
'Honourable Member has any ground for such an asset-.
tion, .his information upon the subject must be much
better than any I have -been [At in possession of. lam
not going to state that. theresis any thing deficient in;
the information afforded*.by.the.Gallant Admiral; but,
the factis, he has .mot made any report, as far, at least,.
as has come to.my knowledge. The Honourable Nlem-.
ber has: told Abe Hosise..4 the high honour which he,
.
considets due to the Conant Adissiral who. commanciesl-
-
-in the; Oght..aod..which,,l,am. not. in .tbeleast.dispoied
I0Ow; hutAttkaiejid...that.theTbinks of the ;House
are Labe refused, boar certaia..political.ch ITIgeS 'which
heye..taken place isk--the Cahiost. mad that the better
Pillion% bad been ebmsbed by dome‘tic. jealousy.
110!reoess saidn pe. had mach better interrupt the flight
Honourable Gentleman stance by saying, he had not made the
assertion which trelttgltilbm:Geatkinan was attributing to him.
• 1;.- •
Mr. HlJSKlSSelikr—"l'deny that there his existed in
any Cabinet isietimbled in this country, since the battle of Navarin,
any intention of inpfilettib4i- of Government to propose to Par-
liament a Vote of Thanks to the Officer commanding. Such a
thing has never catered Into the mind of any roan who holds, or has
held, a public situation Mils country. Votes of Thanks have never.
been Moved in Parliament except for triumphs over an enemy—
(Hear). The Vote of That* hal never been moved except for
conflicts foreseenhod'atireet in a Rare of war. There is nu precedent
of Thankeiniog voted foriny conflict which the country is bound to
consider as a catastrophe-7fur a victory over a power not at war,
where no intention existed on either'part that blood should be spilt,
or that a destruCtiOn of-PrOierty.-thotild take place. We have
shewa the-Admiral the, sense we entertain of his.skill, his judgment,
and gallantry; bet we castjtet vote, she Thanks of Parliament as •
far a victory gained.inyrae. The,Hon. Member for Westminster
thinks the present case in point with tait a the battle of Copen-
hagen in thin year 1607. It Is dot necessary Wine to &sera:wall
the numerous-points fie which the eases essentially diffethey differ
in the policy and eondAmet sof.the.War;it is not necessary to state
' bow many of the Goimerament, or how many , Gentlemen in the
House, had disapproved of
,that war; suffice it to say, that when
i;he war had commenced, the House did not think that any question
of pulley ought to he mixed up with the gallantry -iand skill of the
Ito
ernp!oyed. In the affair of Copenhagen, thelbstructions given
to the Admirals were, to use their best efforts to attain the object for
which they were sent. They were invructed to wait eight days,
as the period during which they might fortsiar from hostilities; but
before the expiration Of that time, the 'Danes had declared war.
These clicumatinies were consequently. unmixed with any consi.
*aerations of policy.. What was dune at Copeabagen was in the
most strict execution of positive instructions, and of the most specific
orders. The object there was, to being about a redress de facto,
if not otherwise'Obtained.• At Navarin 'the Gallant Admiral did
not enter the Bay with any intemion of hostilities ; there ensued a
scene in which I bel eee. there never was, since the period of our
naval empire, more skill, more gallantry, and better seamanship
displayed. It is no small addition to the praise of valour and
Skin—praises • not ilikats to be' given in conjunct expeditions
of fleets of rival natiotis:...that a spirit of harmony eristed among
the Allied Powers as strongly as if the whole fleet bad been Briti,h,-,
and had been directed. by .at Officer. as .beloved as Sir Edward.
•Codrington was by every Officer and man under his command.—
But in respect tea yore of thanks, I must consider the battle like to
one of those tinfortunatetiffairi which soiretimes occur in privee •
life, and which a Jury wouldeall a chance-medley.. The Hamm/able
Member for Westminstkr seems.toossurne that, Sir John Gore was
-sent to tbe Mediterranean in consequence of something that had
appeared In'a foreign neWspaper, the Avstrian Oesereer, and whiCh
.was a aakihiny on the British Ailniiral; Sir E. Codrington. This is
'the first time Fever hoard any such reason assigned fur dispatching
the Gallant Officer oo his mission. Time Goveinmentot this coun-
try Irk it.to he its duiy to snake further inquiries an the subject of
the battle; and the answers to the different queries, proved that no
rashness on the part cff the British Admiral or his officers :had pro-
duced the conflict—(Cheers). The Government *vas most anxious
that the. officers should stand free. from all blame. The Govern-
ment had done no more than its dutyin ascertaining this point. The
country felt itself niucfi interested in the issue of the contest, and
was convinced that it-would be a good 'and proper issue if it led to
a termination of hostilitiel between the Greeks and Turks. It may
or may not have this effect. The question now is, not whether the
battle will advance the execution of the Treaty of the 6th of July,
.but whether it was the spirit or intention of those who signed the
Treaty to carry it into effect by such- means? I can say, that
although the insttuctlosme were to this intent, the conflict which
isiued out of those instructions was a mere matter of chance. The
Honourable Member has told us of the gross ignorance of the

Turk, and that they consider us as merely scissor-grinders, and
the chief of a commercial people who go to their country to trade
in raisins and wine, and the Lord knows what. I can tell the
Honourable Member that he is niucli.mistaken, and that the Bets

- -
Effendi is very well 4tfspytt4 of. what happens in Europe. HO%
not ignorant or negligent,- ai the Ifontnirable Member fur Westmiis-
stet iniagitieir. If Or lion. Member knew the state of the question
'relating to Algiers, he•wouid have given a very diffevent account of
that transaction. If lam not mistaken, Lord Exmouth returned
from Algiers in the firstinstancerand was sent back with an increas-
ed force, and with positive explicit instructions to compel the Hey
to submit to a restitution of the captives. The analogy, therefore,
entirely fails the Hon. -Member. So far ftom thinking it a shameful
exception to a genital rule if we do not pass a vote of thanks to Sir E.
Codrington, I say that such a*vote would be the first instance of the
thanks of Parliament being given for battles,without anyreference to.
the political circumstances out of which they arose; and with which
they were likely to be connected. Is there no difference between a'
battle fought in time of peace and in time of war? It may possibly
appear, invidious 40 resist the vote in the present instance ; but the
House ought to be extrecuelysautious.bow it commits itself by esta-
blishing such a precedent,'which, if created, might lead to conse-
quences which the-country may have reason to regret. What surprises
me more than-any thing is, that the Hon. Member, who seems aware

that he is not likely to succeed against the sober judgment of the
House should assert, that in any of the changes of the. Councils of
his Alajesty, between the interval of the news of the battle and the
present moment, there has ever existed any intention on the
'part of Government' 40 make the proposal now before the
House. . The Hon. Member, feeling how much his case in all
its parts is at a variance with the principles which ought to guide
Parliament, seems to have searched thttnigh all precedents, in hopes
of obtaining some gethind for his motion. I can refer him to recent-
and very memorable( premedenti• 'which will subvert the principles
on which be has proceeded.- Tie illustrious individual now at the
head of the Councils of the conntey has received the thanks of Par-.
Dement eleven times for his beEliant services. .Unquestionably I
believe no man now exists, Who does poi rejoice that we have had
the opportunity of so often thanking that Gallant Chief; for.it.istu
the glorious deeds that elidtted the thanks of Parliament-that.wc,
see • indebted fat the peace of Europe, and for the security upon..
which that ticace rests, and which it will be the anxious labour
of that•illustrious individual to maintain undisturbed. Did the
Honourable Member oVerlook a little' incident in these Votes.
of
Thanks—an incident quite couclutii# is to the principles and feeli
hiss of Pirilatnent on such subject? slid the Honourable Geri-

demon ever hear of that brilliant victory which the Deke of Wel-
lington achieved at Toulouse—=one of the, greatest feats. of
where be overcame a renowned Officer, Marshal Soult, in an en-
trenched position ; a victory which his own ( Marshal Smiles) Ofiletr I
acknowledged to be one of the greatest of modern war, exkibitinka
combination of skill, valour, and military genius never witnessed en
any former occasiqn ? A Noble Duke in the other House, the lair
iiuke of Norfolk, had asked the Nobleman then at the head
'of
the Government, if he did not intend to move a Vote of Thanks to
the Marquis Wellington, for that great and glorious achievement.
Unquestionably, the Noble Earl at the head of the Administration •
did feel the importance of that !Attie to the military character of
the criuntry,as well as the lustre which it shed on the Commander ;
but what did be say—did he propose aVote of thanks to his Vrieficl ?
No !—hr at once said, that, under the circumstances of the war
having ceased, it was not expected, and not intended, that any Vole
of Thanks should be moved—( Hear, hear !) This is a principle
which bears strongly on the question now before the House.—
Undelall the circumstances of the case, I feel myself induced to
oppose the lion. Member's preposition, by moving the previous
Question. The Hon. Member moved the previous Question..
Sir J. MACIUNTOSH said he deplored, with the
Member for Dorset, the limits which were imposed on

this discussion by the alleged state of the negoziations.
With respect to the Treaty of Londo 1, there was no
meJitim. It was either a lawless outrage, or the most
generous and disinterested Treaty that had been ever
entered into. The question of the Treaty was too
mighty'and too i•nport int to be decided immediately.
He protested against being supposed to be one of those
who condemned it. He was ready to contend .that it
was just, disinterested, and conformable to the principle
of the law of nations. All admitted that non-interfe-

rence was the rule. The question„howevrr. was, whe-
ther the state of things betweeit Greece and Turkey was
not such as to justify the exception? fie could shew
that there were cases of armed mediation known to the
law of nations, and exemplified in the practice of the
best men in the best times. That. iri this case their in.
terfetence was justified by sound vlicy and humanity;
that it reflected honour nn Christendom, was-calcelated
to secure the peace of Europe, and even tended to prop
up the Turkish State itself as long as a constitution so,
barbarous es .tkat.of Turkey could be prpetved frotO
that ruin inherent in its very nature. He was ready to,
prove thattheTreaty of the 6th of dilly was the legiti-
mAte.corisequence of the
.Protocol. It was but justice
.to ssy •that the conduct of Russia. towards Turkey
afforded a rentathable proof of forbearance and pa 7
deuce, which hid only the effect of nursing up a spirit
of "greater contumacy on the part of the Porte.• In
proof of this he need, allude only, to the. cake of the
Setvitas. According to the 'freaty of . Bucharest, the
&twins were to be governed by their aim lists. A
body of'Servian Deputt:s went to'Constintinople to 27- .
range the terms of their subinission. 'What was the
conduct of the humane and long suffering Turks?—
They sent the. Deputies pri,onors to the Seven Towers,
under pretence of protecting them from the insults of
the populace, and there they were kept far seven Years.
At last they obtained their liberty by the Treatrof
Ackerman, when the Russian army had crossed the
Pruth. The Member for Dorset acted consistently
refusing his thanks to the Gallant Admiral, ff he con-
sidetedthe Treaty an ur•just one. There Were only two
grounds on which they who approved of the Treaty
could refuse their assent to the motion, either that the
Gallant Officer went her:rid his instructions, Or' had
hot sufficient grounds on which to form a judgment.
To him.it was evident that he had not gos.e beyond his
instructions, for by the last article of the secret Treaty
it was agreed that the Admirals were to bring about an
armistice de facto. Now, how were they to r. ffect this
Surely not by sprinkling the Turks With rose water •
They could do it by great guns alone, the only way •
in which their new antient ally the Turks—(Hear,
hear,hear,)—could ever be brought to listen to rea-.
son. •He requested the attention of the Elotiee to.
the last part of the Treaty, aid the minute signed by:
the three Admirals. •It was 'perfectly clear. that their „:
instructions must have intervened between this Treaty
and the minute. From this . compari .on of the• two,
docum nts, it appeared suite clear that Admiral Ci-*
drington was authorised to act, as he 'did ; for there was •
no ,other way of bringing about a ces"ation of hostili:.
ries. The question was not whether they were at war.
but whether the Admiral, being instructed to carry into .
effect an act of coercion, was notexactly in the same si-
tua-ien2s the Gallant Officer who conducted the British
force against Copenhagen ? He defied any person to .
,produce a principle which created any distinction be-
tvicen an act done in war, and an act rendered notes.
sary to prevent .war. The declaration of war by the•
King of Denmark made no difference. It WAU.OIO7
the necessity of the case that could justify the use of.
force,' and that.necessity which call d upon thearto
rake out of hands unable. to wield it, a naval power
which otherwise might be turned against them •by. the
enemy. Tire hostile acts at Navarro were ;ustifiable, if necessary
to carry the Treaty into effect. When the object was to put an end
to a war of extermination like that between Greece and Turkey, it.
mattered not whether War was declared or not. If force was ne.
cessary to effect an armistice, the Right Hon. Gentleman most see
that there was no parallel between this case and that of Toulouse,
whieli occurred while we were at peace with Louis. The thanks
of Parliament for the affair of Navarin would be as just as. they .
would be unjust in the other. This was the first time a l3rit'sh Par-
liament was called upon to deplore a naval victory, and Ministers
by their conduct would, for the first lime, give occasion to believe
that they were as hostile to the Treaty as the Member for Dorset.
There were possible cases .in which great, difficulty might arise
from the provisions of .a.Treaty when examined by the dictates of
justice. Here there was nothing of the kind. He did not call upon
the House to pass an opinion on the Treaty. All the necessary evi-
dence upon such a question. •was wanting, but none was wanting
with respect to Admiral Codrington. To refuse thanks to him was,.
in fact, to condemn the Treaty unheard ; it was holding out to •
Europe a doubt whether they were nut ashamed of the Treaty and
afraid to sound their own victory. Ministers acted in a most con-
tradictory way, %bile they advised his Majesty to confer ho-
nours on the Gallant Admiral.and the Officers who served under
bilis, and refused them at the same time the Thanks of Parlia-
ment. No later than yesterday one of those Gallant Offic,rs
'received marks of his Sovereign's approbation for his conduit
at Navarbr, while, perhaps, Ministers were rummaging fur scholas-
tic arguments and precedents to defeat this motion. .He had,
beard it said in other places that this proposed vote, if tarried,.
would obstruct the pending negotiation, but he felt no such ap-
prehension. On the contrary, he thought it would he a dan.
gerons precerlent to withhold honours from the Gallant Admi-
ral who• co richly deserved them. Our business should be to
teach the Jurists of Constantinople, that where oer ,:Sovereigti
has been pleased to. approve the services of his Commanders—
hisConnnons In Parljament asstrnblud will re-echo his huh*
atan Navarro.d.jmni . th
n his deserved
.!House should
.Frtki not es of the
e their approbation etiksill andvaalpopurroetbibnitgdof
such services ; in a word, they should nut mete such a sacrifice its.
order to forward any negotiation by so mean a principle.
The King of France in hi, 4eech front the Throne, designated
the battle in its legitimate terinswgre, he called it " unexpected,"
but not " untoward"—he declared liwo be,tll3rious to the arms of
France, and likely to coaduce to flipliarmonyof the Powers of
Europe. He eharacterised it as promotlliithe pacification of Europe,
while the British Government were proclaitaiing to • Eurbpe either
their distaste of the 'Treaty of the 6th Jutyoar the conduct of Ad-
miral Codringtou. Every one, he presnmedowst have read the Re-
script of the Emperor of Russia, or his letter to that Admiral, in
which he declared that his fame • belongs to poiterity, and that bit
.pratery and skill reflected the highest honour on the civilized world.
In fact, the' disinterestedness of the Treaty—the sympathy naturally
excitsdlerfavour of the Greeks, were all matters which foram:44er c
liar itAredkeeta ins the, present case; and the Emperor of Ittosi
'stemma to view the v:etory precisely as it ought toha been. Tue
peace and r.epoes of Korot* would now depend -eke the course to
,be pursued by the British 6overnment—thezi shoul'l be neither
iietehirq nor l'aulterinr:—no nibbling at the victory in order to skulk
• out iftlid-Titaty—plear, heat). They were bound to execute the
Treify is a.ule**. etigigementi pacifically, if possible, but at all
caws to be egeented.:s iroadipreesteri..war no* much as any man,
but.At farep 7iis information enablethisti tornwhe would observe
that iinylUng Uktweakaets on our parts would be meat likely to en,.
