AMERICA.

New York Papers reached town yesterday to the
29th July, and Washington Papers to the 25th
ditto. • We subjoin a summary of their contents :
The books for subscriptions to the National Bank
closed in all parts of the Union on the 23d of July.
There had not been sufficient time to ascertain the
amount of the subscription ; but the National Intel/
:tsar ventures an opinion, that they will considerably
exceed twenty-eight millions, the sum authorized by
the Act ; in which ease the largest subscriptions were
to be reduced. Another Paper, however, estimates
the amount subscribed at twenty millions, making a
deficiency of eight aillions. Complaints are made
of further instances of the exercise of the tight of
search by the British cruisers on Lake Erie. A man
of the name of Shadrach Penn Jar has made an affi-
davit about his vessel, hiving been boarded from the
'Tecumseh, and his having been asked, in a peremp-
tory style, What*was his cargo ? and where he was
bound to ? The
.Master of the Firebrand United
States schooner, who had been sent to St. Domingo
to procure the release of Mr. Duplessis, an American
citizen, confined by order of Christoplie. had sec-
ceeded in his mission. The Creek Indians were pre
paring an expedition of from 500 to 1001) men, un-
der their Chief, Wintosh, against the Seminoles of
Florida, who recently took possession of the fort in
Appalschicola Bay. The Indians on the western
banks of the Mississippi express great dissatisfaction
at the encroachments made on their hunting twit°.
ries by the white settlers in that qoaner,-and at the
extensive havock made among the buffaloes by the
American hunters. There was an embargo in the
ports of Cuba from the 21st to the 28th, on which
latter day six armed merchantmen sailed from St.
Jago de Cuba for Africa and Spain. The object of
the embirgo was to prevent information of their in-
tended departure from reaching the numerous Car.
thagenian privateers in those seas, which, by uniting
their force, might have intercepted the merchantmen.
According to reports from St. Bartholomew's, the
Patriots under Bolivar had regained possession of
the whole of Venezuela. This intelligence, however,
seems doubtful. From the latest authentic accounts,
he had not, up to the latter end Of June, advanced
beyond Cambona about twelve leagues South-east
of Margarita. He had about five thousand effective
troops, and war waiting for a reinforcenient of .500
men from Goer°, Under General Marino, upon wham
junction he intended to prosiest to the intact of Cu-
mans. The meet of Mr. Mead, the ActingA.nae.,
rican Vice-Consul at Casks, has excited a amid,.
:able sensation in the United States, whervi.however,
the cause of that proceeding does not appear to have.
transpired. Mr. Mead, we learn, was a very eras.
sive contractor in the time of the Patriotic Golfe*
' meat of Spain,which, at the period of its overthrow
by Ferdinand VII. was indebted to him in the sum of
1100,000'ilollan. /laving in vain for a length of tisni
solicited payment of Ferdinand's Ministers, he ven.
tared, as his last Mount, to publish a pamphlet en
the subject of his claims, couched in language not
very palatable to Ferdinand and his mimons. For
this offence/ he was put in durance vile. We under-
stand, however, that upon the return of Mr. Cash.
cart, the American Consul, to Cadiz, be transmitted
a remonstrance to Madrid, which had the effect of
procuring the liberation of Mr. -Mead, who is further
said to have received payment of a small pan of his
demand, and fair promises for the remainder. The
exports from Savannah for nine months, ending the'
30th June last, are stated at 94,147 bales of cotton,
21,942 whole and 3744 half tierces of rice, and 1904,
hogsheads of tobacco, of Which there were exported
to this country 49,296 bales of cotton, 6828 whole
, and 696 ball tierces of Sit% 597 hogsheads of to.
beam; nand to France, 11,572 bales of cotton, .2989
whole and 677 half times of rice, and 79 hogsheads
of tobacco.

1E EVENING STAR.

LQNDON.

PEstee2nsat, lie. Yl. 'HU apiatiro4selfilvt•
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1816•
PRICE OF STOOLS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK I
Ranted sbut—Cens. am Ref—Cons. ler am eSti
4 per Cent. dot—s per Cent. FlavY nit -.•
Bank Lew Anna. Bonds 7e. ea. pie.
Eael'equerEllks, Se. es. pre.

Since our last we have received the Paris Papers
of Thursday. A Hamburgh Mail also arrived yes-
terday. An article by the latter, under the head of
Vienna, states that shortly after the arrival of a con.
tier from London with dispatches for the English
Ambassador, it was reported that Lord EXMOUTH is
instructed to demand from Algiers the surrender of
its marine, the abolition of slavery, and the r•-pay-
meat of all sums received for the ransom of Christian
slaves since the date of the last Treaty concluded
upon that subject.
A private letter from Paris quotes one from Al-
giers (via Marseilles) which speaks highly of its state
of defence. The slaves have been armed and pro-
mised liberty; and the Day (who can believe it ?) is
highly beloved by hii people
Some extracts from letters written by Officers
serving in Lord Ex►souTas's Expedition, will also be
found in our columns this day.—We may soon look
fdr important intelligence respecting his Lordship's
operations.

A Mall (rpm Flanders araved this morning. The
Belgian. Journals relate the loss of the Britannia
packet off Ostend in such a way at to 'convey an
idea that the Harbour of Ostend is one of the safest
in the world. Seafaring people think. differentl7.
We are sorry to learn that an affray, attended with

bloodshed, has occurred among the military quar-
tered at Namur. No English troops, happily, were
there the Prussians, we believe, occupy Namur, and

they are not famous for gi bearing their faculties too

meekly about them."

• STUTGARD, AUGUST 19.
His Majesty the Emperor of Russia having pro.
posed to the King to accede to the alliance contracted
at Paris on the 26th a September, 1815, his Majesty
signed, on the 18th of this month, his Act of Acces-
sion, and caused it to be delivered to Count Goiosv.
kin, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten•
tiary of Russia to our Court.
