deficient ; but that knowledge is power, wherever it is to be

_
While thus rejoicing in the progress of intelligence, we
wish not to be mistaken for enemies of what is called the
West India Interest. We know their unfortunate dilemma,
and we think the policy of _ the country—acting

for its general interests—should protect the West
India property. The Government of this country have

sanctioned the nature of that property, and as it has encou-
raged the investiture, is pledged to prevent ruin to those who
have invested under such sanction. But the Proprietors
themselves have been deficient in not foreseeing, for the last
30 years, that the ominous moment would arrive ; and their
individual arrangements should have been wisely directed, to
accomplish voluntarily, what the force of general sentiment
probably will accomplish, without their consent. The
question of Slave Abolition is one, we are aware,
of greakdifficulty. Our own experience convinces us, that
to answer the ends of the benevolent it must be
gradual ; and, unfortunately, thirty years have been
lost, with this truisim before us. Time, however,
past, cannot be retraced. Public sentiment should be satisfied
by what wisdom can devise to accomplish the object, still
gradually, although sure.
Much time is wasted in setting forth the evils of slavery,
and in denying those evils. Two facts are only required
to make it detested,--via. it places one human being at the
caprice of another; and causes man to diminish in number.
This is enough. We know there are good slave owners, and
when the master is good the slave is happy ; but cannot
there be bad ?—that is the question.

Of real business done yesterday, in either House we have
little to state. The perusal serves only to elicit some opi-
nions. Is was like the skirmishing of the light troops before
a great battle.
Lord Kinn continues to pour in Petitions against Tythes ;
and, in presenting them, he enforced the mal-practices which
attend their collection, and the abuses of pluralities and non-
residence. The Lords WINCIIELSEAt WYNTORD, and the
Duke of BccxlxallAM defended the Church, and Lord
RADNOR defended Lord King).

The Marquis of LeNsnowN made an elegant circuitous
oration, which, like all circles, ended where it began. A Peti-
tion for the Repeal of the Union, enabled some of their
Lordships to insinuate their dislike to that Irish popular
measure.

In the Comm°Ns, petitions were presented against the
Coal Duties, the Assessed Taxes, the New Police, Parlia-
mentary Corruption, West India Slavery, Oppression of
English Labourers, Deductions from Merchant Seamen for
Greenwich Hospital, the Malt Tax, Ty thee, and the return
of the new LORD ADVOCATE. That from Wiltshire was
signed by 14,000 persons; and Mr. HUNT introduced ten
or twelve, from different parts of the United Kingdom.
Mr. Huang presented one of considerable public impor-
tance, from Messrs. CHILD, the printers of the late beau-
ful editions of Johnson's and Ainsworth's Dictionary, in
which they undertake to perform the public printing at a
price which would save at least 50,0001. per annum to
the country. Lord NUGENT, on behalf of Government,
signified its approbation ; and a Committee was appointed,
whose report, we trust, will put an end to a series of
extravagant jobs, which have long excited the surprise
of all who are acquainted with typography.
The very proper appointment of a select committee on
Buckingham Palace, and the Canadian Canals, which toge-
ther have cost between one and two millions, led to some
very sensible observations of Mr. WARBURTON, Mr. BA-.
RING, and others, on colonies generally ; the whole secret of
which Mr. HUNT nnravelledby the word—PATRONAGE
We were much gratified by one observation of Mr. BA-
RING, that the SEVEN ISLANDS ought at once to be incor-
porated with Greece.
By a motion of Mr. HUNT, relative to Salisbury Gaol,
it appeared that persons committed for trial are not only preclu-
ded from holding unrestricted intercourse with their friends,but
in that, and some other new goals, are precluded from holding
written communication ; and, what is still more intolerable,
of consulting a professional adviser except in the presence of a
turnkey ! This last practice the whole Hones reprobated;
but the former, which are equally cruel, were not condemned
as they ought to be. Is it not enough that a man who can-
not get bail should be deprived of liberty; but should also be
treated as one already convicted, and shut out from the
UTMOST FREEDOM of intercourse, to concert his defence?
Some Petitions for a General Fast were deservedly
laughed at.
In a discussion between Mr. SHAW and O'GonMAN
.MA/1011, it appeared that the former Gentleman is Recorder
of Dublin ; and yet considers it compatible to attend to the
duties in London as a Member of Parliament.
The CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER gave notice of
Bill to amend the GaME Laws, for which the Ministry
deserve credit; but Lord Chancellor BROUGHAM postponed
his CHANCERY REFORM BILL, because Lord ELDON COUM
not attend !

W present copious details from the Dutch Paper. received
this day. The address of the STATES-GENERAL to the
KING is particularly worthy of attention :

THE HAGUE

Second Chamber of the States General, Sitting of Monday, Feb. q.
The President said, that the number of members present not being
milkiest to come to any resolution, he could only tasks a simple awe.
niunkatioa.

The First Chamber mot word that it had agreed to the addres Nat
to it foe mosidastioo.

A depudon of the States.Gennal, consisting of member of both
Chambers, having waited on the King in the usual form, to present the
address, his Majesty was pleased to answer to the following effect I
That his Majesty received the address offered to him with pleasure,
as a mark of the unanimity of the States General.

M That his Majesty took this opportunity to express to the nation his
grateful sense of the *mikes of all kinds which it had made to
maintain the independence of the country.

,6 That his Majesty, howrra, was with regret compelled to say, that
from the accounts lately received. the prospect of a speedy and satiolbc.
tory arrangement had become more and more remote, and might pee.
hap require new setridess nom the nation, for which his Majesty hoped
to have the es.opemdon of the &atm General and the nstiese

The Adthiesatti Ms Majesty's wawa were ealsred tie be Ostia
teethe 1.1111.1 the lowebses. AM whisk the Amiably word.: •
