DECREE OF THE PRINCE REGENT OF THE
.. ‘ . BRAZILS.

“ ‘I hold, as conﬁrmed by the unanimous and vo-
luntary Consent of the inhabitants of the Brazils, the
dignity and power of Regent of this vast Empire.
which the Kin , my an ust father, has committed to
my charge, of; which fignity the Cortes of Lisbon
would dare to des 1 me, without'having consulted
all the Deputies one Brazils, as is Well known; and
I hold that I have also received the title and charge
of perpetual Defender of this Kingdom, which my 1‘
People conferred on me so generously and loyally.
‘ For this reason [conceive myself under the obligu-l
Ition of discharging a sacred debt. and of acknow- ‘
Iledging, iu‘ return for such love and ﬁdelity, that I ‘
; wil ta e every measure necessary to the safety ot‘this,
Ithe greatest part of the Portuguese Monarchy con-
ﬁded to my care, and whose claims I swear to preserve
sacred from every attack. And as the Cortes of My
tho“ continue the same mistakea'syst'em of recolonia-
ing the Brazils, even by force‘of ruins, thinking to
have the same proclaimed to its politialinilependents,
on the point of bein legally convoked. according to
my Rayal. Decree o? the 8d of June, a general Con-
stitntional and Le i‘slative Assembly at the request
of all the Chambgs, proceeding with' a form un-
known ~m Portugal, where the convocation of” the
congress was in its origin only an act of secret anJ
‘ tacu'ous clubs: 'and cousidgﬂng.mu! the situation
ot-his,MaJesty the King. Don JubnYl. whose name
and authority the Cortes. claim to makeuse‘of, for
'their own sinistef'e'nds, ass pristine-Pin thaw.
destitute of’ win; aaeaatprivea‘ornmt r at
:actioo'wliieh the Executive Pawerh-joyciknßCoa-
stitttti'onal Monarchies, l thenfori cqgwwd. I’l Lb;
advice oijmy Cpuncil of gate, the l’a’pvincial lluutas
:qruie (interment; ‘tlie runny ’CWQ are

_ - o‘ﬂmws .‘I- ~ s
from their decvltlu enemies ' . .
‘8 s..'i'hat all the Civil and Military Authorities are cons.
W3O fruity“!!! tile porn. of-the malls. of was!»
enemy could avail themselves {or eil'ectinga landing, under sthfo °
strictest responsibility. ‘ -
" 6. 'ﬂtat if by chance in Mayo? the provinces of the Brazils
there shwhi' foot be the necessary materials fo'r these foro'lica-
tinns,_.the .aboventcntioned Authorities will forthwith make
km the same reason as possible to this Court, by whom they
will be supplied, or to the next provincenvhich w‘lllbe obliged to
word them all the succours absolutely necessary. towards tho
completion of these Important matters. The Civil and Military
Authorities are commanded to execute this my Royal Decree with
all zeal, energy, and promptitude, at the risk of incurring tho
guilt or (reason against the State.
-“ Givenat our Palseeof Riode Janelrn, August 1,189.2.
, (Signed) u The enmcs REGENT, . .
- “ And LEWIS PAREIIIA DA NOBREUA
, DE SOUSA COUTINHO."
l . MANIFESTO ‘ ,
or rm strut utcnntss rrgr coxt‘rl'rcﬂorm r. raise: “at", not
rents-us; hurts-on or run xntcnoss or run units, 10 run
rows; or run xtrscnoas. » ,
“llraziliansl—The time is past for imposing on mankind.
'De rulers who heretofore wished to establish their poster on
the prevailing ignorance of the people in old errors and abuses,
ll’cllll‘lo ltt btvholding the Colossus of their grandeur fall from the
{agile base on which it was once erected. The southern pm-
vinccs of Brazil, by uniting and assuming the majestic attitude
of one people, and acknowledging, amongst its direct claims, that
of Liberty and its own happiness, should cast their eyes upon
me, the sort of their King and friend, who; looking in a truss
point of view at this rich and great portion ofoui'glabe, and ac-
knowledging the talents of its inhabitants, and the immense re-
sources of its soil, sees with grief the disorganising and tyrant-tic
progress of th'ose who have so falsely and prematurely assumes!
the title of fathers of their country, whilst they advanced from
being the Representatives of the people of Portugal to he the
Sovereigns of the vast l'o'rtuguese monarchy.
“ It would be unworthy at me and- the great King (whose
son and delegate I am) to despise the wishes of his faithful sub-'
jects, who, overcoming, perhaps, feelings and republican notions,
treat withhcontempt the alluring examples of the surrounding
people, repose in me all their hopes. I acceded to their generous
and slnccrcwishes’, and remained in Brazil. communicating this
my ﬁrm resolution to our good King, persuaded‘thatthe past
will be, to the Cortes of Lisbon, a thermometer by which they
will aicertain the opinions of the Brazilians, and the just sens
they have of their own dignity, and of their own elevation o:
sentiment, which will induce them to stop in their troublenme
career, and re-entcr the path of justice, from which they have so
long wandered. Thus [governed by reason, but the conﬁned
prospects held -out by selﬁshness continued to stiﬂe their cries
and demands, and they added new plots to keep discord alive.
—From that point, as an era of hope, arose the resentment
and indignation of the Provinces, and, as if by a sort of magic,
in one moment all their ideas and sentiments converged to one
single point; without the noise of arms, or the miseries of anarchy,
they required from me, as a guarantee of its precious liberty and
national honour, the prompt installation of a general Constitu-
tional and Legislative Assembly in Brazil. I wished I had the
power to prolong that moment in order to see if the Cortes of
Lisbon would yield to the suggestions of_ reason, justice, and its
own interest; but the order suggested by them, and sent to the
Portuguese to prevent the dispatch of ammunition and materials
of war for Brazil, wis- the signal of war and the real commence-
meat of hostilities. Brazilians, in the history of the conduct 6f
the Cortes of Ilsbon, with respect to Brazil, there is a recital
of a series of injuries senseless and without an object, which
would paralyze the prosperity of Bragil, consume its existence,
and reduce it to such a'state of inauity and feebleness as most
terminate in its ruinOand slavery." . ,
Th Proclamation then proceeds to recount the va-
rious acts of injustice which were committed by the
Congress of Lisbon against the people of Brazil, and
calls on them, in an animated strain, to vindicate
their condition, as a people capable of justly valuing
the possession of liberty, and all the blvssings that
accompany it. His Royal Highness then addresses
the members of the diiferent ranks and callings in
We, ﬁnd challenges them, in their respective circum-
stances, to do a i in their power to assist in the pro-
motion of the principles of ’ iieedom.—‘“ No other
sound," says the 'l’rincc, “ shall he heard amongst
you than ' Union!’ From the Amazonia' to the
Plata, no other echo shall be heard but that'ol~ ‘ in-
dependence !’ Out provinces shall form the mystc.
tious emblem of the bundle of rods, which when
together no force could break. All your old prejd.
dices will vanish, and at disinterested lose for the
general weal will prevail-tn all the provinces and in
every city. Suffer to remain invob§curity, 0 Bruiib
lians! the hlasphemers of you, oi me, and of but libe-
ral system l—Jeave them their Calumnies, their re-
pmaches—recollect that if they praise. your Brazil is
lost! l-lecd not those who say that you conspirb
against Portugal—against my country—against our
' benefactors. We, by upholding onr clarms-—by vindi-
‘ “ﬁns. justice and consoltdatatng’our liberty, .“"-' cn-
'deavoor to: preserve Portugal from a, new class of
tyrants; Heéd not that they accuse ‘us at rebelling
against our'Klug. He knows that we love him as a
i Citizen King—that we seek to preserve him from the
' oil'ensive situation of a captive, to which they would
I reduce him, by pulling oil" the mask of hypocrisy
lfrOm infamous demagogues, and deﬁning, in the true
, irit" of liberty; the just limits of political power.
{seed them not,an they saythat we are endeavour-
u‘ng to break die-ties that exist betseen tr '
”European ”“3333“ NP 1—!” wk ‘0 ‘9‘
oh a, ﬁrm basis,’ independent,“ ,3 PP”)?
‘sp‘iScd' o‘u‘r claims: and 'Whlcll, “Wivmg "‘9’
naked form of tyranny. and {I "1191:: i" all an
dishonoor'and otlr injury, wenhdtts anti tit-ti
. mallow which is ”some! m a Ct“:
«new: toundedunypubhc optuion and Jill

Is‘ amd'our , l
more ghem
which dc. _.
self iiilﬁ'e ~
:ts; lotbe‘i’i- ,
“toys that
laws}. an?
mice." .‘ ,

t:.'" •

.1535 “t M V »
£2lm "3"‘5
Q
l‘ 1
