ODE
ON THE TYRANT'S OVERTHROW,

4, Jam sates trrris."—Hai.

Enough the Monater in his rage,
With !toqur bath appali'd the age,
And taught a guilty word to fear
Some dire reverse in nature near—
Stone change to those unhallow'd times
When Gothic ignorance and crimes
Again should banish, in one ruin hurrel,
Peace and ail social blessings from the world!

We've seen• two mighty Monarchs bend—
Not daring longer to contend;
In dread of .slavery alike,
Half willing, but ufra'd to strike !
he other nations stood aghast,
Prepar'd to bend the knee at last :
Britain, alone, withstood the encroaching Foe,
And sail—`e Thus far, nor farther shalt thciu go !"

Alas ! our Triumphs whilst we boast,
How many valued lives they cost!
How many Widow: left to mourn
The Husband never to return!
How many 01134n:I weeping near
But swell the widow'd Maher' t vat. !
But such the fate of war—no wo: th can save
The slestiu'd victim front the hostile grave!

Undaunted Sons of Ru,tia! you
• All that was Roma Art once—re-new !
You saw, unaw'd, in spreading fire
Your wealthy Cafital expire!
You saw, unmov'd, your alter'd fate—
So wretched now—so blest of late; !
True Romans to the last, the foe
Re,olv'd in arms to overthrow :
Yt3 !-" We will conquer—was the avenging cry—
" Or conquer—or 'tis happiness to die!'

• Prussia arid Austria.

Ihe Romans never despaired under any disasters. After
the 9verw heltniog battle of Cann2, they soon tallied under Fdius
our modern Kuttocf—driving Hannibal and his shattered army
Inver the Alps, never to recross them again. Will Bonaparte
'corm are his retreat with the masterly one of Hannibal?

' 7 H EATR L 3.

bRURY-LANE.—Saturday night a new Pantomime
as performed, after the Tragedy of George Barnwell.
ntitled Harkquin and Hump°, or Columbine by Candle-
mht. The fable informs us that the Princess Co-
d
umline is confined by the malediction of a fairy, who
übjects her to the daagcr of death, should she he-
old daylight till she attains her eighteenth year.
J'he piece opens with the Court Focl, who announces
the arrival of an Ambassador from the Kiss of the
Dwarfr, to ask the hand of Coiamtiat for the young
'Prince. The Princess is in love with Sir Arthur, and
urges the danger of being removed to the Dwarfish
'Court, lest she should be exposed to see day-light.
The Duenna conspires against the Princess, who is
entrusted to her care, and opens the place where she
is enclosed, and the Princes is consequently trans-
formed into an owl. Sir Arthur, who is under the in-
fluence of the good fairy, appears as Harlequin, and
'the Princess is restored to him as Columbine. It
would be a waste of time to enter into farther parti-
culars of this stupid fairy tale.
1 he Piece opened with a grotesque procession of
Dwarfs, a burlesque evidently intended as a ridicule
on the classical procession of the rival theatre. The
men, in one of the processions, bearing immense gilt
oxtinguishers, wss a paltry conceit, and the intro-
duction so often of the Dwarfs was attended with ge-
neral disapprobation. A considerable pot tion of
time was occupied before the Harlequinade, in fact,
began, by inarticulate perlormers attempting to give
some idea of the story which was to be represented,
in:erspersed with songs, equ. sly dull as the dialogue.
After the patience of the audience was nearly tired,
'with the preliminary nonsense and insipidity, the
Pantomime commenced, and Harlequin, Columbine,
and the other pantomimic characters, were intro.
duced to the great delight of a yawning audience.
—As the first public representation of a new Panto-
mime should, in candour, be treated as a mere re-
hearsal, rte shall not advert to the failure of several of
the trisks, s 4 hici, probably will succeed in the next per-
foi mance, but we must observe, that throughout the
Pantomime there was a total deficiency of any thing
like originality, wh;m, or humour. The Monster of
Me Woods, was the chief novelty. The various
forms into which he threw himself, and the astonish-
hog flexibility of his limbs, were truly surprising.
PACK represented the character, and was deservedly
and loudly applauded. Harlequin and Columbine\ ac-
quitted themselves well, but their merits were not
brought into action to advantage by. the inventor of
the Pantomime. The dresses were super bin the ex-
treme ; the scenery was beautiful, particularly the
last ; but on the whole, the Pantomime met with A
very unfavourable reception. The principal scenes
were, a romantic pass, near a bower—a coach-maker's
shop—a romantic forest—clock-maker's shop—a sea-
port town—a plumber's shop—a street with various
shops—a village, and the' concluding scene, the re-
giros of light.
Ssveial persons remained in the house after the
curtain chopped for sonic time, hooting and other-
'‘vis^ expressing their disapprobation.
COVENT GARDEN THEATRE.—LILLOPS tragedy of
George Barnwell, in compliance v.ith annual custom,
was performed on Saturday night. The House was
so uncommonly crowded with holiday folks, and the
noise so unceasing and excessive, that little could be
hoard of the Tragedy. The exertions of Mr. C.
l',!.:saiti.F.,as Barriv.rell, and of Mrs. Pow Est., as Ma-
o' ood, wh. never all opportunity of apprrciateng thefts
occurred, were, however, enthusiastically applauded
by every part of the audience. Atter the Tragedy,
a new Pantomime, the bonue bouchei.ur the merry snot.
titude, whom the season of rejoicing had released from
lt:ie terrors of the birch and the lerula, was produced
trotter vie title of harlequin and the Red Dwarf; or
The didarpant Rack ;'fiiunded on a story in The .elra.
Vim Area: Enter.'ainmentc ; the overture and music,
tillich ale very pretty„ by by Mr. Warm. The tricks
and transformations are nurnielous, aad, in general,
evinced much mechanical ingenuity. The destruc-
tion of Prince Cherry's yacht, her planks starting off,
•-w of the interior of the veL;stl, as
fay well executed. The preci-

pitate fall of the'Braerff Horse, and the descent of
Princess Fair Star, under a superb canopy, were in o-
duced with all that ease and celerity which are abso. OXFORD, DECEMBER C 6.
lutely necessary to the eclat of a Pantomime. The At a Ganeral Ordination, Mil in the Cathedral Church of
transformation of a Camera Olseura to a fruiterer's-
Christ, in this University, by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, on
stall, and of a bed-room to the roand-house, were very Sunday last, the following Persons were ordained:
DECONS.
neatly effected. But the young Ladies and Gentle- Thomas Clayton Glyn, B.A. student of Christ Church.
men were particularly pleased with the combat be- Edward Whitehead, M. A schular of Corpus.
teen a bear and a dog, constituting the signs of two Robert Gordon Andrews, M. A. sclinlar of Corpus.
FGre:nrcities .
namyr,i
IBT .1
(IA .BOAri el
ucut
sra‘tewof.oSltleneesfield.
rival inns, which, touched by the magic sword of
.Harkquin, attack each 'other with gi eat fury. The Herbers Randolph, B. A. chaplainstudent of Christ Church.g
scenery is exquisitely beautiful ; the views, copied John Villar,B.A. scholar of Worcester college.
from nature, are richly pizturesque ; those which are Charles Eddy, M. A. demy of 'Magdalen college.
ll;odhwnarvd,iti'ardzenll,A.
s.Ach.oflealrlcorwf
li‘it;ollrraselnrose.
the offspring of fancy, are tasteful and elegant.—
Amonost the former, the interior of Epping Forest, by Thomas Woodrolfe, B.A. fellow of St. Joeh.o's coU.
Mi. GitiEVH, was particularly admired. Amongst John Brigstork, B.A. scholar of Jesus cell.
the i,:t'er, the subterranean, in the .-clamant Rod, and Hervey Winstanley, B.A. deny of Magdalen coll.
the ,od iisql, with the sun beams playing on the water, 'William Hancock, B.A. ditto.
William James, M.A. fellow of Exeter college.
ii,iiii paioted by Witermotia, :ire indicative of very Glyd White, B.A. of Oriel college, curate of Brightwell.
stilicri.r talents. The appearance of the sun beams, PRIESTS.
dancing on the gently undulated surface of the sea, John Palmer Boteler, B.A. Merton college, curate of Rotherfield
is natural and beautiful. The exterior and interior joseGrs.
broke.
of Bullock's Museum, in Piccadilly, and the view of , Charles
Butler,
esßosea M.A.
fellow of
fellow ofeßLincoln.
the Pantherion, attached to it, attracted great notice Peter Penson, M.A. chaplain of New college.
by the fidelity with which they ate delineated.— Joan Hervey Norman, B.C.L. of Trinity college, curate of
—The introduction, in this part of the Pantomime, of Broadwell.
At a General Ordination, hold by the Right Rev. the Lord
a beautiful Peruvian animal, called the 7iapafra, in
Bishop of Norwich, its the Cathedral Church of Norwich, en
propria persona, was received with the most noisy de- Sunday last, the following Gentlemen were ordained;
monstrations of delight, which so far alarmed the ; DEACONS.
timid stranger, as to render his immediate retreat Nathaniel Bridges, Queen's College. Cambridge.
necessary. The rage for the purchase of neural Augustus Cooper, A.B. Pembroke Hall, Cambridge.
curiosities is here leasantl ridiculed by the Clown, ,IliahnontiloalsonGseirt
PEedinwbarroteAH.BailScr.
almolbmri'sdCollege, Cambridge.
py
who transfOrms his master into a non-descript ani- ' Philip Hudson, A.B. Calus College, Cambridge.
mal, something similar to that which Hoaacu de- Richard Marks.
set ibeS in the beginning of his Art of Poetry; having George Mingay, A.B. Caius College, Cambridge.
furnished him with the head of an ass, the wings of Charles Normal!, Catherine Hall, Cambridge.
Thomas Hardwicke Rawnsley, A.B. Exeter College, Oxford.
an eagle, the tail of afish, the skin of a deer, and the James Saumarez, A. B. Christ Church, Oxford.
feet of a tiger, he is conveyed to the Museum as a rare hunts Scholefield, Trinity ctllege, Cambridge.
monster! The prevailing militai y costume is also Esher Watson, A. B. St. John's college, Cambridge.
PRIES rs.
made the subject of considerable merriment—Gat- Thomas Jesup Abbott, Catherine-hall, Cambridge.
hIALIM, with a pair of well-varnished coal-scuttles, for : Lambe Atthill, A. B. Caius college, Canibridge.
boots—a scythe, instead of a sabre—a shcep din, for John Henry Brown, A.B. Emanuel college, Cambridge.
' a mantle—and a lady's tippet, fur beat d and whiskers, • Edward Barlee, A.B. fellow of St. John's college, Oxford.
quite eclipses our Bond-street men of-war !—A very ; George‘vii
.i's 1 Liston, Nilson
Bridges,A l3 t AJOBh 'n
'Trinityscoue college,OLlord.
good hit was made at the Rival Water-work Compa- William Gilban, A. B. Clare•liall, Cagnelridge. Cambridge.
ines, whose pit-falls have occasioned so many serious ' John Harrison, A.M. Sr. John's college, Cambridge.
accidents in the metropolis. } William Haddock, Master of an Academy, Botesdale.
Mr. GRIMALDI, whose activity and archness, as ; EGeordward
JHu.ll, A.B. St. John's college, Cambridge.
eClown, are unrivalled iii this country, executed all Henryg Marsham, A.B. St. John's college, Cambridge.
his tricks with his custom:try adroitness; Mr. NOR- Henty Mair, A.B. Trinity college, Cambridge.
MAN, as Pantaloon, by his numerous mishaps, excited Stephen Mathews, A.B. Jesus college, Cambridge.
a great deal of mirth—while the gi ace and agility of John Morgan, of Jesus college, Oxford.
Mr. Boaocreas, jun. and Mrs. Parocaa, as the motley !CRic.haleßrstlirllans° t,t A.B. Pembroke-hall, Cambridge,
hero and his mistress, were highly applauded through- Jamesityl7e
,A..
B. St. John's college, Cambridge.
out the evening. Still, however, the audience were Jahn Spurgin, A.B. Benet college, Cambridge.
not satisfied; part of the Pantoanine was dull, and Edward': hurlow, 1.1..13 St. John's college, Cambridge.
some of the machine, y was badly worked—hence TU:loilm.4.n„l NNy%',r,l.liiitt,RiL„el..Bl..•l3lr_iiNititeyrt.liall,,,Cllambriodgt;.,
..1.
considerable discontent was manifest( d, which was Charles VS ud..worth:ll'embroke crll....g.e2C.%;nbli:lg• e.
greatly increased by the introduction of a rad sta.,,' I..C.CII*.IAsTICAL II:ON101-IONS.
pursued by a pcd of hw aiils, barking and yelpiag, and' His ;loyal litt.Lets the Prince Iteg,nt LAS been pleased, in
the name mai °A the behalf tit his Majesty, to grant unto the
a motley collection of sportsmen, some moulted on
Honourable a:id4 lir
.e rend
0 Henry Cockayne Cost, Master ut
horses, some on donkeys, and many on foot—forming Aktns°
a ludicrous picture of The Epping Hunt. This attack Chapel of he Nt.acGeeo.rnge, :ate' CtaStle of
Prebend
Wmd,or,otli is
voiMalebstyyleFrreee
on the sports of Easter MOtid.sy gave great offence to signation of the Honourable and Reverend Henry Ryder.
' many of the audience, who, we suppose, are in the Friday se'nnight, the Rev. Thomas Woodward, M. A was in-
habit of enjoyits the amusements of that day, and soturea to the Rectory of Strumpshaw, with Braydestun an-
nexed, in Norfolk, un the presentation of Thomas Woodward,
shouts of disapprobation were the consequence. Esq. i,t Sproughton, near Ipswich.
On the whole, though the present Harliquinade is lvlonclay last, the Rev. Thomas Wm. Brereton, A. B. was in-
not so good as some ~ splendid trifle:" of the same stitute.t to the Vicarage of Fraanselen, on the presentation of the
kind, which we have seen, yet we think it contains
Earl
lhoef Rev.l'Y J s4l-1.
Jefferson Rector of Weeky, in Essex, has
enough of beautiful scenery, brilliancy of decoration, cellated by the Bishop of
Landon to the Archdeacolryost bceColn-
novelty of trick, and variety of transformation, to chester, vacant by the death of Dr. Hamilton.
render it very attractive to the young masters and , Tuesday last, the Rev. CharlesTanqueray, A.M. was licensed
misses, for whom, we suppose, it was intended. And to the perpetual Curacy at Lingwood, in the county of Norfolk,
on the nomination of the Rev. krasmus Goddard.
those men must, indeed, be " chil.lren of a larger .
c.X.a
ETER, Dxc. 23.—0 n Monday last the Lord Bishop of this
I
growth" who could seriously think of opposing rt. Diocese held a private orebealon at Exeter, when his 1 ordc'iip
Mr. GRIMALDI announced its second representation ' admitted the Rev. 11. Hunt Ley, A.B. of Exeter College, t-
amidst almost universal applause ; and we have no : ford; the Rev. Vire Julio Alston, A.B. of St. John's College,
Cambridge; the Rev. Matthew Loundet, jun. A.B. of Exeter
doubt, when it has been performed for two or three i
otrd ; the Rev.
Rv G. Joan Freeman, LL.B. of Trotity
nights, the difficulties of a first performance having ; CHiille,gte,'ane,axit., ige ; the e. T. Pascoe, A.B. of Jews
.College,
been overcome, it will continue a favourite for some ' Cambridge; and the Rev. J. Yonge, A.B. of University College,
time. Oxford; into the holy order of Priesthood.
-4-Alter the ordinaion; his Lordship licensed the Rev. J. Yonge
--.--......_
1 a public
liill
tpreachertß t.:roughook the Diocese ot Exeter, and incitn.
DREADFUL Acemearks..-As a party of boys, eighteenl.o-.l;wetoiitciaers., in Devo.n, on the
in number, were amusing themselves last week, near ipi 'resell:at:3n Of the said .It
R„. Duke Yonge, jun. g ' void
by tile resignation ot. the
Battle, in Sussex, by Sliding on the ice over a pond
which was' remarkablY deep, it soddenly gave way, ahe 1151101) instir wed the Rev. G. Tullock to the vicarage of
and the whole went under, and were drowned : thir.
Zunas, in Cornwall, conferred on him by his Lordship, void by
the death of the Rev. W. . Borlase ; and instituted the Rev: T.
teen of the bodies were, with difficulty, got oat some iii.rristm, Vail tout Mill, A.B. to the vicarage of Northan, is
time after, but the other five have not yet been found. l Devon, on the presentation of the Dean and Canons of Windsor,
—Last week, as J. Little, a coachman, who formerly I void by the death mof the Rev. W. Edgrube.
drove one of the Maidstone coaches, but utterly the
Brighton coach, was entering the yard of the Golden
Cross, at Charing Cross, not stootaarg sufficiently low,
to avoid the beam ot the gate-way, he struck his head
against it with such vialence as Cu cause his death in
a few minutes.
Proraissa—A pitched battle, by way of keeping
up Christmas gambols, was fought on Saturday
morning at Grimsby Common, Middlesex, between
Sam. Game?, a coachman, and Ha rdinge, a navigator,
for a purse of .R3O and a suit of clothes. After two
hours and a half most dreadful fighting, the former
obtained a hard-earned victory. In the combat every
feature was hit out of form, besides which, two ribs
were broken, and the loser had his jaw dislocated.
FOOT-RAM—A font-race of two miles, which
excited much sporting interest, took place on the Lea-
i bridge-road on Saturday, between Carter the pugi-
list, and Abraham Wood, who st Inds first on the
light-heeled Hat. . Carter, who excels in gymnastic
exercises, did two miles on Sunbuty Common last
spring, with great spe •1, and he was matched a few
days since to run two miles against Wood, and to
' receive 100 yards, but his friends paid forfeit ; and
another match was made for a considerable sum, to
run off hand, and to receive 150 yards. Neither of
• the pedestrians had trained for the match. At two
: o'clock, the men stripped for action, with Gregson
umpire for Carter, and Captain Hinton, fur Wood.
Carter advanced 150 yards fur the start, and at a
quarter of a mile from the coming in place, lie kaas
not more than twenty yards a-head ; but Wood had
recovered second wind ; he run the last quarter of a
mile at the rate. of a mile in five minutes, and he won
the match by about six yards. Betting was even at
starting, but Carter for choice.
Thursday night, A. Davis, a Jew, purchased 12
guineas at 265. each, of a man at a public-house in
Drur y.lane. He afterwards drank a glass of liquor
with the seller, in the course of which he imprudently
sliewed a bag, filled with gold, which lie boasted
having purchased that day. Shortly after, having
quitted the la;use, he was knocked down by two
men, and robbed of the money.—The bag contained
65 guineas.

UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE,Ve.

MARRIED.
At Warminster, the Rev. C. T. Grilcith, of Blandford, Dorset,
to Ann, youngest daughter of W. Eayly, Esq. ut Bortham.
At Neston, Cheshire, the Rrv. W. t urwen, to Miss Margaret
Ewing, niece of R. Ewhig, Esq. of York-place, Portniln-square.
Rev. John Crosse, M.A. vicar of Bradford, Yorkshire, to
Miss kicykinson._

Rev. ft. De Vceux, to Frances, only daughtrr and heiress
of the late D. Dalrymple, E►q. of Burton .upon-!'rent.

DIED.

Rev. John Heighatn, rect;roFWesthorpe and Bavton, and
perpetual curate of Walsham upwards of 53, and of Great Agp-
field upwards of 50 years; during which time he never omitted
Sluing duty through indisposition one day.
At Little Hormead., Herts, aged 61, the Rev. Thomas Cock-
skutt, B.D. rector of that parish, and vicar of Long Stanton All
Saws, Suffolk.

'and presenting a vie'
she sialking, was I
