THE UNITED STATES.
It is not, we believe, generally known, says the Phi-
ladelphia Gazelle, that the district of Pennsylvania,
which lies south of the Blue Mountains, contains a
denser population than any other portion of territory of
equal extent within the United States. Its area is 7869
square miles, and its population in 1820 was 569,355,
or 77 to a square mile. The population of Massachu-
sets is only 72 to the square mile ; of Rhode Island 68 ;
of Connecticut 59 ; of New Jersey 40 ; of Maryland 37.
The next is the South-western, or that which lies west
of the Chesnut Ridge, including the counties of Greene,
Washington, Bever, Alleghany, and parts of West-
moreland and Fayette. Its area is 4190 square miles,
and its population, in 1820, was 156,135, or 37 to the
square mile.
The only district in the middle of the State that con-
tains a dense populatioit is that which is composed of
the counties of Union, Colombia, and Northumber-
lan3, on the Susquehanna River. Its .area is 1,582
square miles, and it contained. in 1820, 51,682 inha-
bitants, or 32 to the square mile.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
PROM THE NEW YORK AMERICAN, OF JULY 2.
The ensuing passages are from a reply of Governor
Troup, to a In-:sage limn the Georgia Legislature, re-
quiring the grounds of his allegation that the United
States had manifested an hostility to the interests of
that State :
6. Even from the moment we became parties to the
Union, notwithstanding the guarantee of this (the Slave)
int- rest by tt.e Constitution, efforts have been made to
render unavailing those guarantees, to make inroads
tt. pon the subject of them in various modes, sometimes
by open assaults, sometimes by covert acts, equally in-
jurious to the interests involved as disgraceful to the
parties effecting the injury. Throughout this period,
and to the present moment,we have defended ourselves
by memorials, remonstrances, resolutions, supplications,
&c. &c. All reflecting men had foreseen that these
might serve the purposes of the times, because, as GOD
would have it for those times, the strength and courage
was with us ; now the times are changed—the strength
has departed, and they would destroy the interest that
they might destroy the moral principle which sustains
it. The spirit which animates these disturbers of our
peace, is of no ordinary kind—it is the same as that
which rallied under the banner of the Cross, and pro-
pagated religion by the sword—it sticks at no measures
—it weeps over no distress; but believing all means
justifiable, and holy, and consecrated. marches to the
object without regard to age or sex, and wars even with
the sleep of the a adle; this is the spirit of fanaticism.
—But the other day I sent you the Resolution of the
State of Delaware, formerly with us, now against us.
Maryland, losing her intetest, will soon follow her ex-
ample. The Government Paper at Washington, daring
more than had ever been dared, announces that this
is the appointed time. The Attorney General, repre-
senting. the United States, says, before the Supreme
Court, in a ripe and splendid argument, that slavery,
being inconsistent with the laws of GOD and nature,
cannot exist. Do we want more,, or shall we wait un-
til, the principle being decided against us, the execution
issues, and the entire property is bought in from the
proceeds of our public lands? This is left to your deci-
sion. The United States can choose between our enmity
and our love ; and when you offer them the choice, you
perform the last and holiest of duties. They have
adopted a conceit, and if they love that more than they
love us, they will cling to it and throw us off; but it
will be written in your history, that you did not sepa-
rate from the household without adopting the fraternal
language, I Choose ye this day between our friendship
and that worthless idol you have set up and worshipped.'
G. N. TROUP.

TREMENDOUS WHIRLWIND IN OHIO.
NEWARK, OHIO, MAY se.
On the 28th inst. was experienced at Burlington and
its vicinity, in this county, one of the most tremendous
whirlwinds that was ever known. It commenced about
ten miles west of Burlington. tearing every thing in its
course till it reached the above place, which it li-
terally swept from the ground. Is then continued its
ravages in a north-east direction, to the average width
of little more than a mile through the whole extent of
the country; where it terminated we have not heard.
The inhabitants of Burlington were alarmed by a loud
rolling wind, and upon looking to the west, they disco-
vered something like a dark black cloud—and as it
approached, the appearance of trees and limbs, flying
and hurled in every direction in the air, was seen. They
flew to their houses, and in a few seconds every thing
was turned over ; they could neither see nor hear ; every
• house in the town was swept to the very ground ; leg-
houses were carried away to the very lowest logs, and
stables and houses hurled in the air—and, what was
Most astonishing, there were but three persons killed.—
To witness the scene, it would be suppoied no person
could have escaped ; some were taken up and carried
on some distance.
Two men, happning to be out ploughing at the
time when the storm came on, were suddenly sui-
.
prised by the appe:trauce of tees flying in the air, ac-
companied with a heavy noise. At fist they could not
credit their eyesight ; tie it cuti9sity was excited, and
they remained looking at it with a,tonishment the
main current of wind pass some distance front them ;
ii came on so rapidly that before they could get near
any house they w: re overtaken; the limbs and trees
commenced falling, and tore up by the roots and
twisted off every tree around them. One of the men
was carrier! to a small prairie that WAS near, and here
he contiio_ed hanging to a bush, until at last the bush
and he.bot'n were -carried away. He, however, suc-
.
creded in fastening to another till the storm .was over.
While in this situation, he represents the limbs and
• bodies of trees sulking the earth and tearing up the
ground for some distance in zee', furrows, and then
again rising.

FURTHER PARTICULGRANARS.
VILLE, MAT 25.
The wind was nearly a mile in width ; but its extreme
power perhaps -did not much exceed half a mile. Its
' length is not known. We have heard, as far as New
Philadelphia, which is said to be totally destroyed, of 17
persons killed, and a great many bruised and mAiiiied.
I do not place implicit belief in this, although I fear it
but too true. In Burlington two koys only were
killed, and not many wounded. It would astonish you
• to hear the narrow or rather providential escapes. Col.
Wright's only son was killed. •As the wind struck the
house, he attempted to hold the door, and was driven
in consequence of it to the opposite. side of the room.
against the wall, and his brainy dashed que. Colonel
Wright at the same tine was in his-saw mill, which
was uninjured; he noticed the storm, and observed a
