LON I) )N.

,RUARY 22.
AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Do. Do. Jul.& Jan.l9/
South Sea Stock 1021
New Annuities 92
3 per Cent. 1751,
£lOOO Exch.Bilis 77 8
£5OO Ditto 77 8
£lOO and £2OO Do. 77 8
Bank for Acc. 2191
Cons. for Ace. 921 / 1
TWO O'CLOCK.
Do. Acc. 261
Do. 100, 29
Run. &ls. 1822, 5 pr Ct.
Do. 1111, not
Sp. Bds. 5 per Ct.131:1 1
Drs. Ace. 131 1 1
Sp. Bds. 1823, S per Ct. 91 1
Do. Ace. 91
Fr. Ras, 5 per Cc. 1091. 75
Exchange 251.65 e.
SHAKES, TWO O'CLOCK.
PAM rill &Haag.
Anglo Mexican (iss. at XS pm) 100 100 3811
Bolanos 300 300 46S
Brazilian Company 20 5 91 1
United blez, (iss. at £1 pm.) 40 z9to 161 1171

MONDAY, F:
PRICE OF STOCKS
Bank Stock 2191
4 per Cent. Red. 93 2i
3 per Ct. Cons. 921 t
31 per Ct. 1818,
Se per Ct. Red. 1001 k
3 per Cent. 1021 21
4 per Ct. 1826, 105/
Long Ann. 19 11-16th. 1
Do. 30 Years, 19 7.l6ths
FOREIGN FUNDS
Brasil Bds, 5 pr Ct.
Ditto Acet. 691
Bds.6 per Ct.
Do. Bds. 1824,
Do. 100, 23
Greek Bonds, 5 p Ct. 361 71 7
Do. B. 1825, 5 pCt. 37 81
Ditto Acc. 371 81 8 1
Mex. Bds. 5 per Ct.
Do B. 1825,6 p Ct.
BRITISH AND FOREIGts

The Duke of CUMBERLAND has arrived at Mzu-
.
awes Hotel in Paris : the house at Versailles, in pre-
paration for this Prince, is nearly ready. His Royal
Highness is not expected any more in England.

The Cemmissionership of Excise, vacant by the
catastrophe of Lord GRAVES, it is said, is to NI
abolished.
____

The letters of Mr. O'Cos Num., Mr. Cu/ALTON, and
Mr. SINCLAIR CuLLsai, announcing their adherence to
the Birmingham POLITICAL UNION, will be read with
interest. It affords us great satisfaction to state, that
Sir-FRANCIS BURDETT has, also, followed the noble
example set by Lord BLANDFORD; and has given in his
name, as a member of the same popular Association.

The Times of this morning says, that the
reduction of one million on the whole mass of
the national burdens by Ministers, is as much as
they—the Ministers=" dare to propose on their
own responsibility, while uneompsllsd by the people."'
He ought, rather, to have said, as much as they mean


to propose, until the people let them see that they
are in earnest. Yet this reduction—our contemporary
adds—speaks well for the willingness of Go-
vernment, to effect the most extensive relief for
the country. We say, it speaks volumes for their deter-
mination to do nothing for the country, but what the
country shall compel them to do. All the great
establishments are kept up, unreduced : the old system
of expenditure is pertinaciously retained. But it
is become ridiculous, to talk of what they will do
for the people—evident as it has long been that
they will ride the people, till the people turn upon
them. The votes in the House of Commons, du-
ring only this first fortnight of its session, proclaim in
emphatic language the calamitous hopelessness of the
public cause within. The interests there are too much
separated from the great interests without, to make unsel-
fish and pure legislation possible. It is not in human
nature, for any body of men possessing the privileges
which our oligarchy possesses, to strip themselves of spoil
in which they have so long luxuriated, and ordain resti-
tutions by which they alone would be the losers. We
must not expect it of them.
Seeing, then—as we do clearly—that there is no hope
fur the people, but in the people, why should we suffer our
attention to be distracted one hour by the feints of a cor-
rupted Government, who have no sympathy with the
country which they oppress, and no aim but
to perpetuate their power ? For so long as the
people continue tame, passive, and acquiescent in
the wrongs which are inflicted on them, so long
will the system of grinding taxation—supported by Mi-
nisterial enactments, and a Ministerial army—press them
in misery to the earth. The attitude must be assumed by
the People : firm, imposing, but constitutional—let them
form only the moral square, and the battalia of corruption
shall recede before them. Petitions to Parliament—Reso-
lutions in public assembly—Addresses to the Tn RON a—
these are their legitimate weapons : with those let them
begin the warfare. The victory will not be dubious : it
is only for the People of England to will, and
they must obtain it. Who could withstand them ?
It is because they have been disunited, hitherto—
divided in opinion, about the GREAT NECESSITY on
which, at last, they aro all agreeing—hugging them-
selves in the vain delusion that their unparalleled suffer-
ings would be relieved—it is because of this disunion and
this credulity, that things have reached such a mon-
strous acme. But the period of their distress and their
degradation is in their own power, and—if they be
but true to some ancestral recollections—their immediate

prospect is equally bright and animating.

A Meeting of the Inhabitants of this Metropolis is
now holding at the Egyptian Hall, in the Mansion
House, to consider the unexampled misery which pervades
the country, and petition the Parliament and the Throne
for a redress of grievances.

The seizure of Le Globe, one of the best written and
influential journals of Prance is an important event, and
will not a little sine to hasten the dinouement of that
drama for which we have been long preparing our readers.
Some notion of the talents with which the French
Globe is conducted may be formed, when we state that
ROYER COLLARD CHATEAUBRIAND, MONTLOBIER,
and FIEF EE, are among the most frequent of its
contzibutors. We regret that want of room pre-
vents our giving the article which has led to the seizure.
It is entitled " France and the Bourbons in 1830." The
object is merely to prove that Sovereignty resides in the
Peer LE, and that they are competent either to
change dynasties, or adopt any form of govern-
ment which may be most conducive to the ge-
neral interest. Le National, la France Nouvelle,
and the Journal du Commerce, having adopted the
same line of argument, a violent controversy has arisen
between those journals and the Gazette. We shall have
occasion to recur to passing events among our neigh-
bours very soon ; at present we have only time to say
that these events will be of the highest consequence, both
as they regard France and the rest of Europe.

We give, in our first page, the proposed Bill of the Mar-
quis of BLA N DlO RD) for restoring the virtual influence
of the People in the Commons House of Parliament. It
will be read with great interest by all those, who can
appreciate the pure patriotism in which it has been
originated.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
MAILS ARRIVED AND DUE THIS MORNING.

2 Dublin .. 0 1 France . 0 0 Lisbon ..... .. 0
2 Waterford ..... 0 1 Fhinders 0 0 Jamaica 0
1 Duero. at Jersey 0 0 Holland . 1 0 Sweden 2
0 Leeward Islands 0 0 Hamburgh .... 5 0 Malta . 1
To the present hour no speculations of the least importance are
going forward in the Fund': indeed, our arrivals are so scanty this
morning, and the Express having arrived from Paris, which is void of
interest, with the exception of the preparations foe the expedition to
Algiers, causes a dulness in the Market ; and Consols, which left off
Saturday at 02j i for the Account, opened at the NM price.
The Foreign Market I. also very languid.

RALF-PAST ONE.
•Although the Consol Market is rather heavy since the early part
of the morning, the cause has not been the effect ofTahnuspryolitlat in-
formation. It is owing to a that there will be a delivery
of Stock on Settling day, which takes plate next . Con-
sols have been at 92i mites, and see at present 921 buyers; for the
Account next time, 921 f. They are chiefly making up against
the Account day.
By accounts in the Augsburg Gates, it appears that at present
the Russian Navy consists as follows :—The Baltic fleet consists
of 15 sail of the line, some of which are in the Mediterranean, and
13 frigates, with several sloops of war. In the Black Sea, 10 sail of
the li six frigates, seven sloops and brigs building at St. Penn-
burgh,ne, nine sail of the line. The total of the Roden Navy is 310
ships, of various classes, carrying 4,000 guns, with 33,000 semen.
Accounts have been received at Par* by the Brasilia:l Legation
there, that his Brunton Itsjstry is entirely recovered from the late
accident, and that he it N passed at the 14th at 25th Dee. to the
Chapel of Solna IMAM& 'As Qum at Portupi end Primo
lawchhaberg have also samovold.
A Para IL Mom, has arrived at Paris. It la
said the bb attralsa is to sisals of Rots the recognithis of the'
Pardo dirridiese, row& as to ecalsact a lean with a peat
alirtAmmo •
rades audtst Cheek Sunk improved l per teat.ii=
ZrsW* hit tan lower Seem Pads, it hes trot
ct al lets.ln the Cori aags into
woe a mail lamb at Wheat, but sot So in Aver, end
wads was brisk i -Ass stroplis Whist sold fibir at •
palm The Bads, trade autism wpm, ea Dons sad Pak
supported last risk's quotation. • ,

~~

THE GREEK QUESTION.
TO LORD HOLLAND.

MY Lonn,—l ought to have reminded your Lordship,
that previous to the Duke of WELLINGTON'S mission a
second application was made to Mr. CANNING, by the
Provisional Government, and conveyed to England by a
national vessel-of-war. This took place in 1824, and ex-
cited so much jealousy on the part of our neighbours,
that French agents were despatched to Napoli de Ro-
mania for the purpose of inducing the Greeks to call in
a son of the Duke of Orleans se their future sovereign.
True to the sentiments of attachment expressed in the
communication of Ro DIU 9 and MAVROCORDATO, how
did the people of Greece receive these overtures ? Is it
necessary to state that the assembled Congress, after de-
liberating on the subject, as well as the general state of
the country, made a spontaneous offer of the Protectorate
to England ? From this moment, till the victory of Nava-
rin, nothing could exceed the enthusiasm of the whole na-
tion with regard to us. Among other proofs, the appoint-
ment of Gen. CHURCH and Lord COCHRANE to command
the fleets and armies of the confederacy, are particularly
worthy of remark. As to the nomination of CAPO
D'ISTRIAS, it arose entirely from the necessity of put-
ting an end to these internal dissensions, which divided
the country at a moment when its salvation depended on
the most perfect union.
One of the earliest acts of the present Ministry, an
act which betrayed its natural hostility to freedom, and
a deplorable ignorance of the real interests of the
country, was to designate the triumph at Navarin as
" untoward." From that tine to the present hour, our
policy towards Greece has been marked by equal impru-
dence and irresolution. It was repeatedly urged by those
who had studied the Greek question, as it regarded the
projects of Russia, that England ought to labour by
every possible means to render Greece a barrier to the
ambition of that Power. What could have been more
conducive to this grand object than the establish-
ment of such institutions as those suggested in
the motion of your Lordship ? Instead, however.
of a plan which it was so self-evidently our in-
terest to pursue, we have thrown every obstacle in
the way of a final settlement of the question. Among
the errors which might be enumerated, none is more
glaring than the project of restricting the limits of the new
state. The impolicy of this measure can only be ex-
ceeded by its cruelty. It is notorious, my Lord, that the
ill-fated people of Epirus, Etolia, iEnboa, Attica, and
Candle, whom the Duke of Wellington and his colleagueg
wish to exclude from independence and consign to the
Turkish yoke, have made greater sacrifices for its attain-
ment than even the inhabitants of tho Morea. I have

no language to describe a scene which took place at
Hermione in 1827, when a report reached that place stating
the intention on the part of Mr. CANNING to confine the
limits to the Peloponnesus. The wholeof the deputies from
Western Greece and Livadia hastily assembled, and after
deliberating with tears in their eyes on the horrid fate
which was about to be imposed on them, they swore to
perish a thousand times rather than again submit to their
old tyrants. Resolutions to this effect were drawn up
and a letter despatched to Captain HAMILTON of the.
Cambrian, intreating that he would communicate their
intentions to the British Government. Such were the
feelings of the Greek patriots in 1827. I shall only
add my firm conviction, that they are, if possible, more
intense at this moment, when it is superfluous to state,
subsequent events have greatly increased the animosity
which prevailed before. And here, I would ask Mr.
PEEL, who is reported to have said in reply to the motion
of Lord JOHN RUSSELL that, if the territorial limits
are less extensive, the compensation for the more
confined limits will be found ample, what can compensate
for a return to the cruelest bondage ever imposed on
human beings ? Does the Home Secretary imagine for
an instant, that those whom he thus consigns to their
old slavery, will not become the victims of Turkish ven-
geance ? That the recollection of their heroism during a
period of eight years, will not excite the resentment of
their barbarian task-masters ? The opinion of all those
who know any thing of the Turkish character is, that if a
return to the yoke were not followed by the extermination
of the intended victims, their slavery would at least be
rendered more intolerable than ever. With regard to the
intention of excluding Candia, when nearly two-thirds
of the population is Christian, the foregoing observations
apply with still greater force. But I must take another
opportunity of recurring to this most painful subject.
I have the honour to be, &c.
February 20. B.

COUNTY FIRE OFFICE.—An Annual General Meet-
ing of the Proprietors of this Office took place at their
House in Regent-street last Thursday, at which Earl
Ferrera presided. After the reading of the Accounts
had been gone through, and a return of 20 per cent
voted to all parties insured, one of the Directors took oc-
casion to remark that this was the twenty-third Anniver-
sary of the establishment, and they had never yet failed
to return at least 20 per cent. This was more than had
been dono by any other Office, for a continued series of
years, even when the premiums were much higher, and
the means of improving them at interest better, than
they now are. These returns had naturally caused the
public to give a preference to the County Fire Office,
which, as naturally, was not agreeable to the Manager,
of the Offices which made no returns ; and this led to
an agreement among those offices, about five years ago.
so to reduce the premiums that they should have no pro-
fits ; when, consequently, there s,ould be no returns.—
This rash expedient bad completely failed in its object.
No increase had taken place in the business of the Offices
which had devised it. They had uselessly sacrificed
some score thousands of pounds upon it, and nearly a
third of the Offices had been actually ruined or broken
up through it. But the County Fire Office had "'rode
on the whirlwind" unhurt, and continued to return 20
per cent. How this was done puzzled a great many.
The secret appeared to the speaker to consist in a stesay
application of the principles of industry and economy.
They had no jobs—no influential interests to feed. For
the first thirteen years the Board of Directors and Audi-
t= had acted quite gratuitously, and now the annual
allowances for-the whole, they saw bi Elie accounts,
Imetnatedi say to 2731. If this were compared with the
lath at whbffi thi Direbtant of some of the new Fire OE.
loos paid tbsoinebres foil tbseir services, even from start-
ing ease light wadi be thrown on the different restate
to the abauebeidere in cue office and another.

