DrYIibIDLRS Olf MARGARITA.

HYGI 11101.1fAR, summit CUM, Of Tall IMPOOLIC Of Vtllt•
ZUFLA, ETC. TO THE SWIM DCWITIDERS Of MAEOAIII A.
66 Head-quarters, Guayana, September is 1817.

Fresh laurels have been won by the brave
islanders of Margarita. The expedition of General:
Copigny and Cancarat, which threatened your li
betty, has disappeared, destroyed by your victorious
arms. The tyrant Mcirillo. who believed himself in-
vincible; *cause be had formerly subjected you,
through the means of perfidy and seduction, has now
received the chastisement due to his cowardly cruel
ties. You are avenged of your unnatural oppressor,
and you have tarn from his brow the laurels he had
acquired in the campaigns of Fiance. Thrice have
you conquered him, though he had triple forces.
Scarcely a third of his troops remain, and these, ill-
gitivee and panic-strueit, are solely intent on escaping
from 'Republican valour.
Margaritanians I —Your first triumph.: gave rise
to the third period of the republic, and your last vie.
tories will certainly contribute most materially to the
attainment of liberi y in Venezuela. Thus will our
Republic owe to yor a great part of its existence.
" Many of your illustrious companions in arm: have
Lam, but their bl sod has sealed our liberty, and ren-
dered your name more dreadful to tyrants. The lat-
ter will never forget that Margarita prefers death to
slavery. and that it is easier to etterminate than to
conquer her inhabitants.
" Receive, in the name of the Republic and yoUr
companions in arms, that tribute of admiration doe
to.a people resolved to be free or to perish.
es bfargarit4llll4llS!—Youy motto shall be,
St ae 1S otel, WHO RESOLVES TO BR SO!
(Signed) sosay.ta."
GENERAL ORDER, , • '
*IOOIII4CING NOSILLO's DZIPIAT AT 14ABGARITA.
44 Hettl-quartesi, Guayana, September 1.
eg Soldiers I—The arms of the Republic have just
acquired frail glories. The Spanish expedition which

arrived on the coast of Comana in the month of May
has been totally destroyed by the defenders of Mar.
garita. Morino, thrice beaten, has fled towards Ca-
racas, his forces baring been reduced to a most mise-
rable state. Out of 3000 men, tear one-half have
found their graves in Margarita; and of the remain-
der, some wounded, others sick, and all panic-struck,
have fled away before Republican valour.
66 The fate of the campaign is decided, and the li-
berty of Venezuela will be the immediate conse-
quence of the victories of Margarita. But we have
to deplore the loss of 300 Margaritanians, who bare
sacrificed their lives for the liberty and honour of our
country, in battles as glorious as they were unequal,
and against enemies superior in every thing but va-
lour and patriotism.
66 It is just that we should devote a tribute to the
memories of these illustrious dead. Solemn rites
shall be performed in honour of the deceased libera-
tors :—Colonels Cayetano Silva, and Juan Manuel
Fermin; Lieutenant-Colonels Juan Rodaljn, and Do.
mibgo Gonzales ; Captains Juan Lugo, Coriano,
Carlos Gonzales, Cristogal Tonins, Juan Galindo,
Vicente G msalez ; and Lieutenants Feliz Gonsalez,
Franciso Benttes, Nero.ncio Malavea, Manuel Espi-
nosa, Waldo Rozas, Jain Mariano, Manuel Salazar,
Juan Fermin, son of the Colonel; Jose Maria Fer-
min, Juan Antonio Villalva, Juan Antonio Losada,
Felipe Varela, Miguel -Arocha, Lucas Lures, Thl-
mas Garcia, Jose Mariano, the valiant Francisco
Adriano, anti the other brave soldiers.

(Signed) entaxero, Adj. Gen."
BULLETIN OF GENERAL 130EIVAR,

" Head quarter., Guayana, September 4.

gi The situation of the Spaniards is, at the present
day, so desperate, that, notwithstanding they had re.
ceived a reinforcement of 400 men, whom Comman-
dant Juez brought with him from Calaboaa on the
tlttls August, they were compelled shamefully to
*actuate the important point of Chaquaramas, which
has always been considered as the centre of the Lla-
nos (Great Savannahs), where they were well forti.
fied, though for the last two months blocked up by
some Republican squadrons. They have left all their
stores in our possession, and have directed their course
to Orituco, in which town Juez was posted, accord-
ing to the last accounts.
66 Our parties are pushing on into the interior to..
wards the above town, in the neighbourhood of which
others are already acting.
" The troops of General Monagas have obtained
advantages equally successful. The brave corps of
Colonel Blanca and those of Captains Magdalene,
Hermandez, and Pedro Nognera, destroyed others of
the enemy superior to them in numbers, in the Sa.
vannahs of Catnehe and A caris as well as in Cariral,
and the whole of the Llanos in the rear of the capi-
tal, ate completely free treat the enemy.
(Signed) GALINDOe"
ADDRESS.

%Vs, Doetors riure f.ritit and Itatur.to NAP? }!t•a
TAD°, Canons cf the Holy Church of Guayara, in South
America, to the Venerable Clew slid People ill this
Hisliveck.

le Emigrants from this Province, on account tithe
late events which have placed it in the hartds of the
American Independents, and separated from yon
more to avoid the disasters which were countenanced
by the obstinacy and conduct of the Spanish Chiefs,
than through fear of the illustrious Republican Chiefs,
we have returned to the service of our Church, after;
having obtained every assistance from the humanity,
respect, and generosity, of the Generals of Venezuela.
" The vessel in velich we embarked being lost,
we were thrown on the Island of Guacamayos, with
the Illustrious Bishop Elect of this Diocese, where
we experienced all the wants and privations conse-
quent on the state of misery to which she For-
tress of Guayana was'reduced when evacuated by
those who vainly defended it; and we should, with.
.not doubt, have fallen victims to our necessities, if
his Excellency General Arismendi had not oppor-
tunely arrived. This virtuous Chief gave us, as well
as the numerous persons of both sexes who accompa-
nied us, all the assistance in his power, and at length
has placed us out of all danger ; but it was in vain
the religions General Arismendi applied all his efforts
to save the Illustrious Bishop, his age, his infirmities,
and the state of misery to which we were reduced,
carsied him to his grave on the 21st of August,
leaving to the said General the sole consolation of
parforming at his funeral rites all the duties prescrib-
ed by religion.
" We inform you of this fatal event, not only that
you may pray to. Goo for the deceased illustrious
Bishop, but also that you may not believe that his
death was occasioned by any other cause than sick-
nest. Perhaps the malignity of our enemies might
attribute his death to excesses and violence, whereas
he experienced nothing but succours and generosity.
We were eye-witnesses of this event, and also ef the
religiousness and humanity of the Generals, Ch;efs,
and Soldiers ot the Republic. We dare with this
certainty disprove all the impostures invented by the
Spaniards against the Patriots, and assure, before
GOD and Man, that in this Province, happily cceu
pied by them, there only reigns the religion of our
fathers, order and humanity.
" We therefore address our prayers to the Loan
of Armies, that he may deign to bless the defenders
of their country, and protect their operations; and
we supplicate and charge you tedo the same, in-
structing the faithful in their duties, and exhorting
them to union, which is necessary to make us form:

dable, as %cellos in obedience and respect due to the
established autl:orities, and above all in the hdlg fear
of GOD, as the principle of true knowledge.—Given
at Guayana, the 2d Sept. 1817, 7th of the Republic.
• Dr. FELIPI ANT. AVILA.
" Dr. RrAltoto PERIL HUBTADO.
" By order of the Canons,
• FILLIPL DELIPIANC, Notary Public."
