hitherto been successful in putting down the spirit of
combination. Having this experience of its benefits, then,
cught it not to be continued, at least until an oppor-
pmity should he afforded of examining into some other
plan, if any could be devised, of preventing a recur- '
rence of the outrages which could alone justify it ?
Tl..e measure had the almost universal approbation of
duos ,: who were best acquainted with Ireland and its ,
int?re,ts. He should regret if the question of the Cit.
fliOhe claims were to be mixed up with this subject,
upon which he was sure that it had no influence what-
ever. His own opinion on those claims was too well
Lao wn to need there to be repeated. Without entering,
t:to the differences to which the conflicting sentiments
on religious subjects gave birth in Ireland, he was
satisiie.l tl, at Roman Catholic emancipation alone
could nut, if it were to take place to-morrow, in any de-
free re:nedy the evils which the measure before the
louse s•iught to abate—( firer, hear). He eked for this
jaw to protect the persons and property of the peace.
blc lug al inhabitants of Ireland. lie asked for it
to protect, not merely the landlord, but to enable the
eojoy his small possessions is peace. He
asked it, not fa- the purpose of giving to the Govern-
rent of Leland any tyrannical authority, that was
11.)t his wish: the evidence before the Committee would
clearly shew, that it was not the wish of the
mein to increase the terror of the law in that conntiv ;
but he asked for this measure in the certain cotivic:io:l
that it would not be safe to allow Leland to remain
during the ensuing winter w ithuut such a measure.
Mr. ABERCROMBY said, -notwithstandin,i; that he'
bad the highest respect lOr some of the Committee, he
had de misfortune to disagree with them in the Revort
before the House. The wounds upon which the Act
bid keen recommended, were tame of necessity and ex-
treme urgency. And if he looked to that Report, he,
sew the most strongly expressed opinion of i.s necessity
f:tri, persons for whom he had the highest respect as
31.tistretes. Put when he was called upon to suspend
the liberties ef so Inge a body of people, and saw
the ',Assn's upon which those opinions were founded,
and that they contradicted the reetence, he felt it his
they to pause before he voted fur its adoption. What
wa; the result of their evidence as to the eventual effect
of t!,e,law ? Tney stated that it left the people with the
same if not a greater disposition to disturbance. In fact,
it amy went to suppress the evil by force for the mo-
meat, and left its causes untouched or aggravated.
Many persons were committed by Magistrates, and
often set at liberty after six weeks' imprisonment, with-
out any charge being pursued against them. The con-
sequence was, that these people all became disaffected
to the Government, and then this Act was again called
fir, because tt.ey did not love amid venerate the laws.
In the County of Cot k theme were above 400 committals
under the Act, and only 74 were afterwards brought to
By the evidence of M-. Serjeant Lloyd it ap-
peared that the greater number of the-,e petiol.: were
people bearing good characters in their own neighbour-
hood, awl being entirely ignorant upon the maitre of
the law which they had broken. The flonoural):e and
Learned Member said he should not vote for the lc-
newel of the Act.

Mr. Secretary PEEL admitted that this Act was un
constitutional; nut as to its being inefficacious, that was
Me question; aad if the honourable and Learned Gen-
tleman sheered the inefficacy of it, their he would have
made nut a case why the urdsent motion should not be
granted. The measu:e had the unanimous support of
the Committee, as the amourable and Learned Gentle-
man had allowed. That Cuinmittee was formed of all
pal ties, and the great majolity of the Committee were
favourably dispn.ed towards the Catholics. The unani-
mous opinion of such a body, he thought, claimed some
confidence fro.n the House, as they were all the parties
who had heard the evidence. Not only were that Com-
mittee unanimous in favour of the measure, but the same
could be said of eve, y Gendenian who gave evidence
before them. It might be asked why the Committee
were not appointed earlier in the Session? But that
applied to the Noble Lord opposite, as well as to the
Government; for the moment he brought forward his
motion, that moment the Committee was appointed.
The evidence of Mr. Becher was necessarily looked to
with the highest confidence and value, and his opinion
was as decidedly i favour of the necessity of the measure
as that of ails Gentleman examined by the Committee.
Ose Honourable Gentleman had stated the Insurrection
Act t% be sought by the Protestants as an instrument
for oppre-ing their Catholic countrymen. He believed
spon his honour that a gi eater libel upon the Ptotest-
ants of Ireland c:aild not be Conceived. A proof of
this was supplied by the fact, that it never was applied
for by the North of Ireland, where religious animosities
ma high. In the county of Fel managh there were se-
rious disturbances, but the iasturection Act had never
beer applied for. Front Mr. Bennett's evidence it ap-
peared that many poor people were compelled to join
the disturber,, by the leir of these nightly burnings.—
In the two years previous to the application of the In-
surrection Act, fourteen murders were committed in
one barony, the ve: peratins of which were never
drought to justice. The Insurrection Act was a bad
thing, but murder and burnings were worse--( Hear).—
Ile was not p: epared to admit that the Government was
disgraced by the necessity for demanding these powers.
From the beginning of the last reign a sec ies of mea-
sures for bettering the condition of Ireland had been'
adopted, and the greatest sympathy was now felt and
expressed by the Legislatitre upon every topic connected
with her improvement and happiness. He and others
had the misfortune to differ horn the Honourable and
Learned Gentleman and I:is friends npnn the relief to
be given to Catholics, but were they tie,irolis of op-
pressing Ireland because they held such opinions con-
scientiously and honestly ?—(hear. hear).—The ca,e
was before the Hou,e, recommended by a Committee
composed of those t, ho thought with hint and a!;:ritist
him upon that question, and he thought it could not re-
ftre to grant the measure.
Mr. TRA NT spoke In support of the Motion.
Mr. S. It ICE was ready, reluctantly, to give a vote for this mea-
rere ; but he would not agree to it, unless it were that a fair Corn-
rlttee was anxiously inquiring into the state of Ireland, which was
siacerely aided by those whom be differed from altogether iu gene-
Lit politics.
Mr. DEN MAN said, the House, and not the Committee. were
to judge of the expediency of this uncorstitutional measure. One
thing had been th.monstrated, and that was, that the measure had
already been tried and found inefficient.
Sir.V. FITZGER A ID defended the conduct of the Migistrates
of Ireland, for the manner in which they had carried this Act
lute effect.
Mr. M. FITZGERA I.D gave due credit to his MajeFty's Go-
vermin sit for the course which they had ?ursue,l, so far as regarded
ctrrying the insurrection Act into clre_t; but lie ol‘powd the mea-
were airegt.tit
Sir N. COLTIIURST sn.ported the Bill. lac considered that
this Act had dun:: much towards tranquillizing the coen:ry.
The Gallery woad:es cleared fur a diviaiuu—
For lain - r ICI Against it
Majority in favour of the Bill - 69

43

, On the Order of the day for the third reading of the New
Churches Bill being moved,
Mr. DEN MAN and Mr. Hosts objected to bringing forvrar,l this
Bill at so late an hour.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER 'said, there had
hewn many orportunitics of discussing this Bill. It had been dis-
cussed, and a division had taken place upon it, when the numbers
were 42 to 9. He was aware that he was in the power Of the
House ; but he must say, he thought he was doing nothing impro-
per in pressing the third reading.
Mr. DENMAN said, if they proceeded to-night, he must deliver
his sentiments, late as it was. He would now propose, that the
third reakling be postponed till to-morrow.
The CiI.ANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER again repeated
his wish to lo on.
' Mr. BROUGHAM wished to postpone the Bill till to-morrow.
If it was an important measure, it must be postponed until there
was time to discuss it.

Mr. Secretary CANNING said, the House was now wasting as
much tint. a; would have disposed of the Bill.
:%Ir. DEN M. N said he would divide the llouse.
For the third reading, 95 1 For postponement, 20 1 Majority, 75.
When strangers were again admitted,
Mr. DEN MA N W. 43 OjeCtillg to the Bill, which he said was a
Bill to sanction a wasteful expenditure of public money.
Mr. II LI.ME expressed his entire dissent from the principle of
the Bill.

Mr. 'W S V ITil thought it an act of injustice to the Dissenters
to be e mwelkd to c‘,ntribate to the new Churches. _ _

316INCK thought that Alinitters, if they chose, might have
hid a instead of half a million.
'Jr. WILSON was of opinion that the new Churches were
VtAL,v.l.—Ttle. House then divided,

Put the pacs!ng of the Bill, 85 I Against it, 14.
Mr. F. oux.roN moved the third reading of the Marine Insu-
rance liii!.

Alderman THOMPSON would divide the House if the It lotion
wai per:l;tvd iw
_ . . . .

lIUSIKISSON was surprised at the opposition, after the
Dili had been repeatedly discussed. lle should object to any further
bearing of Counsel.—The House divided,
For the third teading, 55 ; against it, 15—Majority, 40.—The
Bill was then passed.
he other Older, were then disposed of, and the House ad-
journed at IlAlf-past Two o'Ooct.

Td! E EVENING STAR.

LONI)ON.

TUESDAY, JUNE 15, 1824.
STOCK EXCHANGE. TWICLVE O'CLOCK:

Comes opened this morning at 95 to j for the Account, but soon
afterwards went up to 93k to I, at which price they remain up to
this hour, with little Lusiness doing.

Wo understand that a private Express arrived from Paris this
morning, but the content, as yet are kept a secret. A report pre.
vails that the new FreLch Minister has been nominated.

FOREIGN FUNDS.
This be;ng Settling-day in all Foreign Securities, the most busi.
nes doing is in set:ling Accounts.

Current Price, :—Xew Spanish 15, Oki 201 to .1, Russian 941
to 1, Chilian 77, Mexican Scrip 11 I, French Scrip 153 to 16,
Austrian Scrip 941 /, Columbian Scrip I/ to 1, Colombian 851 86,
Nor, Prussian 99/ to A, Old 98/, Greek 10 dis. Alliance Shares
151 to 16, Portuguese 90 to 1.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock 237% 2SSI/2-3 per Ct. Reduced 911/2
3 pct. Cent. Cons. shut-31 per Cents. 101
4 per Cents. Assented 100% %--4 per Cts. New shui
Bank Long Anne. 22 7.16 3/B—lndia Bonds 77 79
Exchequer Bills (1.1.000) 2d. per diem 32 30 34.
Do Small 33 8 2; 11/2d. per diem 24 3 5 6 4 28
Consols for Acct. 951/4 34 VI.

It will be seen, by referring to the proceedings in the
House of Commons last night, that Sir JAMES MACK I N:
TOSil postponed resenting the Petition from the Mer-
chants of London, praying for the recognition of the.
independence of the South American States, until this
evening. Whether the Honourable Member intends to
gr•uud ar.y future motion on the subject, or not, he has
not et declared; but it is expected that, on the Petition
being brought up, the Secretary of State for foreign
Affair; will again be called upon to state the views of
his Majesty's Government on this important subject.—
That they ate favourable to the independence of the,
States which have thrown off the yoke of Spain, is
well known, since they already possess all the commer-
cial advantages of a positive recognition.
We stated some days ago, on the authority of Ja-
maica Papers, that the British Commissioners preiented
snuff-boxes to some of the principal persons of the Co-
lombian Republic, and we now present au official copy
of the speech made on that occasion by one of them :

" Speech addressed by Colonel Ilaitturott, First Commissioner from
his Britannic Majesty, to his Excellency the Vice-President of
the Republic, on the occasion of his being presented to him by
the Minister for Foreign :Mils on the Bth of March, at half
past 11 o'clock, together with Colonel CAMPBELL, and 111 r. CADE,
Secretary to the Comatissioil.
- - -

" SIR,—It is my ardent wish that the Commission which the King
of England has dispatched to the Republic of Colombia, should be
the means of establishing a firm and solid alliance between the
two countries. The mutual interests of both countries require this
compact. and I confess that I do nut perceive any obstacle to the
accomplishment of this most desirable object. I cannot but acknow-
ledge, that England possesses at present but little information on
South America, a region towards which nature has been so liberal,
I may say so prodigal, of her most precious gifts; where all the
productions peculiar to tropical climates, and the greater part of
those of the temperate climates of Europe, are to be met with in
abundance; but your Excellency will permit me to assure yuu,that
the British nation is not ignorant of the sacrifices that have been
made by the people of Colombia. nor of the valour and determina-
tion which has been manifested by the army of Columbia during the
sanguinary and arduouseonliet which it has been engaged in to free
itself from an oppressive state of slavery. I can confidently affirm,
that the British people feel the must lively interest in the welfare and
prosperity of Colombia ; and your Excellency will permit me to de-
clare,that I participate in those generous feelings to the fullest extent.
" It is said, Sir, that France wishes to a,sist Spain to reconquer
these countries; let riot the people of Colombia entertain any appre-
hension of such an invasion, for in Great Britain it will find a firm
and constant friend. I have the honour to present a snuff-box to
your E..l:llency, on the part of his Britannic Majesty, in testimony
of his esteem."

Caie Town Pa;ets to tut: 4th of March have arrived,
but they contain no i,tellizence from Athantee ; we un-
derstand, however, that a letter has been received by a
;ferchant in the City, which confirms the news of the
death of Sir CHARLES 111•Cmtvutt and the disastrous
affair at Accra.
The letter is dated the 13th of March, and was
brought by the Pitt, which arrived at Bristol yesterday,
from Cape Coact Castle.
Allusion, we understand, is made in the letter, to
Dispatches previously sent to-Government, but which
have not yet been received.
'

Bahia Papers, to the lit of April, reached us this
warning. It seems by an article in one of them, the

Independente Constitutional, that the Province of Per-
nambuco is no longer hostile to the Imperial Govern-
ment. The following are extracts:

BAHIA, MARCH 24.
We have seen the Diano do Govern o of Pernambuco,
and from the official pieces inserted in them, we see the
contrary of what our enemies would fain persuade us,
viz.—The most exact regard to the Enders of his Imperial
Majesty, and respectful applications to him, that he
may remedy what seems contrary to the interest of the
Province, which cannot be different from those of all
Brazil. Among these Payers is a Decree of the Go-
vernment of Pernambuco (founded on the Emperor's
Decree for the detention of Purtugue,e ve:•sels and pro-
perty, and the suspension of commerce with I),rtugal)
by which it is declared, that, conformably to the spn it
of the Imperial Decree, the importation of all articles
of the produce or manufacture of Portugal is prohibited.
either in Brazilian or in foreign ships.

This morning we received Lisbon Gazdtes, from ti.-
25th to the 30th of May. They ate almost entirely
filled with extracts from the Spanish, French, an,l Eng-
lish Papers.

The Court of Lisbon went into mourning on the 28th,
for the late Duchess of Lucca, MARIA LOUISA ; the
mourning to continue four months; the Courts of,
Justice to be cloieLl fur three days.
It will be seen, by the following Decree, that there
has been a partial change in the Ministry• :

HAYMARKET MEANIE.
•
Last nbeot this house, which is familiarly called the " Little
Theatre" in the Haymarket, and which has ever been an memorable
as the scene of high• dramatic merriment, was opened forshe sea-
son; and, nofwithstanclitig the powerful oppositiou of the Winter
Theatres, which threaten to keep open the year round, and to pre-
vent, if they can, their Perf,rmers from appearing at other (louses,
there is collected t right merry Company. There is ao much talent,
known talent, in the Company, that al unit the result we have not
much doubt.—The Theatre Itaa undergone a complete recolouring,
and is in every respect ;re..tly improved in neatness and elegance.
