FRANKFORT, AUGUST T.

The Russian Admiral Thilsehoogff arrived hen
yesterday from Pans, on his way to St. Petersburgh.

AMSTERDAM, AUGUST 10.

An Imperial Decree of the Ist instant, directs the
calling out of the Conscription class of 1809, that is
of the youngest men born in 1789. The contingent
will be the same amount as that of the class 1808.--
The drawing must be ended before the 2d Septem-
ber, which day is also appointed for the meeting of
the Recruiting Council. The departure of the first
part of the Conscripts is fixed for the 20:h of Septem-
ber, and that of the latter the Ist of 0:1-.ther.
NAKSIEOV, AUGUST it.
The convoy. which passed this place from the non!,
• Ward is now out of sight to the southward.

CORSOER, AUGUST is.
The privateer commanded by A. D. Eghelin, has
this night taken a koff vessel and brought her safe
into port.
SPOTSBURG, AUGUST is.
A fleet of the enemy's vessels, consisting of .57
ships, 40 brigs, 24 galliots, 3 sloops, being in the
whole 132 sail, under convoy of three ships of the
line of 74 guns, one of 64, one brig cutter of 18 guns,
and three armed ships, being eight in all, this day
passed Spotbburg ferry-place, and continued their
course to the southward until out of sight, with the
wind at west-north-west, Mewing a free*. fralo.
DROTHUNGHOLM, AUGUST to

His Royal Highness the Crown Prince was Tester.
day without any lever, and tolerably well, which is
ascribed to the medicine administered. The fever
to. lay has been but in a sm•:Dl degree. His Royal
Highness merely feels a degree of lassitude with
some heat.
The H.tmburgh Papers of the 17th and 20th of
August, contain little else than an account of the fes-
tivities that took place in that city on the 15th of
August, ti:e birth•day of Bonaparte. The account
begins thus,--4, Yesterday was the joyful day on which
we, for the first time, had the happintsr to celebrate u
:abject: the birth-day of the greatest of Sovereigns re.
corded in ancient or modern history."

The following Proclamation has been recently
issued in the Isle of France

In the name of his Majesty, Ice.
The inhabitants of the several quarters of the itl.uld
will appear before the English Commanding Officer
at those places, there to take and sign the oath of
submission to his Majesty George the Third, King of
Great Britain and Itelan.l.
A register will be opened in one of the offices of
Government for the inhabitants of Port Louis, who
will repair there to sign it, between the hours of eleven
in the forenoon and two in the afternoon.
Those who in twenty days shall not have taken thlf
oath, shall be considered niiwilliag to do so, and will
therefore hold themselves in readiness to depart fut
France at such time as they shall be ordered.

FARIk ll/1.1, Governor, &c.

By Order. A. Beeir, Ct;:rt Secre
Noricz.—From the representations made to us by
the Prise-Agents, and conformably to the third addi.
tinnal article of the capitulation, it is ordered, that
the owners of all vessels taken and seized in the roads,
and which are become the property of his Britannic
Majesty's forces, do restore on board each ship all the
rigging, appurtenances, sails, cables, anchors, and all
articles generally of this kind which form an integral
and essential part of the said ships, and which ought
not to hare been taken away.
st. T. FAS.Qvewa, Governor, &c.
Portl.nuie, December 97, 1810.
PORT Lows.—On Friday, the 14th of December,
the Gentlemen lately Prisoners of War in the `-re it
cabin of the United Kingdom, dined together at seven
o'clock in the evening, in the morns of M. Bon.' rclott,
traiteur, rue des Dames. The Captains of his Majes•
ty's Navy, and the Field Officers of the Army, who
had been prisoners on shore, also met their fellow•suf.
ferers, by invitation, on this occasion, intending to
celebrate their happy restoration to liberty.
A most excellent dinner was served up, consistirg
of all the delicacies of the season ; after which a nuns•
her of loyal and patriotic toasts were drank, appro.-
, priate tunes being given by the band of his Majesty's
2,1 Regiment, which the Officers had obligingly
offered for the occasion. Many excellent songs wets
sung, and the highest and most uninterrupted good.
humour poniard throughout.

'I UPI EVENiNG STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER S. •
PRtCE OF S I OCKS This DAT AT ONE 1113.0 CR.
S per Ct. Cans. for money 444—Ditto far eeecomet 314f4 •
S p:r Ct. Reduced shot—Navy S per Cetu.ll4l •
per Cent. shut—Bonds 17a. 354. prent.—OmMunt 1 Ms.
Lack. Bills (3d.) U. par to Is.434.—Ditto (3NAL) 4s: X prise.

By the Gottenburgh letters we find, that the French
have prohibited the letters from Hamburg h being for-
warded in the usual way to Gottenburgh, in nidt r
that none shall reach England through that nw..l;utnt
but the letters addressed to persons in other towns in
Sweden have been suffered to proceed to their de b&ioa•
dons, because it is supposed no British agents ire re-
sident there.
It is impossible to conceive the hardships which are
imposed upon the merchants of Hamburg's. In con-
formity with the express orders of Bonaparte, the
heaviest punishment is iailicted on those who are de-
tected in a correspondence with England. The most
respectable merchants are sent into slavery fur the
most trifling offence of this kind. A recent case h. s
occurred, which deserves mention. About three
months ago, a young merchant of the name of Schro-
der was arrested, and sent to Paris, on A charge of
having in bis possession some caricatures and pam-
phlets reflecting on the ennduct of Bonaparte. It now
appears that this unfortunate youth, having been riieci
and condemned 41 to be branded in the fo,ehe.td, and'

to be sent 25 tears to tlielanteo aossponi as.]
pressed his disapprobation of so lia4pvtip
siompisi
and gave orders that he should be shoui.—Tharam..l
tence, it was believed at Hamburgh, was ilasitabilitly.
'csrritd into execution.
The most recent advices from St. Petersburgh are
to the 10th of August. The Exchange had fallen a
trifle ; the last price was about 140. Commerce
wore a somewhat promising appearance ; and it is
again stated, that the ships at kiga hay. been
restored.
With .t to the Baltic fleet, whichhad been dis-

,cat, respect
persed in a gale, the folloirin g extract of a letter con-
' tains some information :
Wing° Sound, August 22.
The homeward-bound convoy sailed at-day-light
yesterday morning, with a fiat. breeze, which still con.
tinues ; they were joined off this port by the Tweed,
Mercurius, and Plover, with about 20 sail of vessels
which had taken shelter in Selo, and between that
place and Marstrand. I have heard of no vessel ,
being lost or taken. The convoying ships are the
Helder, Mercurius, Tweed, and Daring, for the
Nore ; Providence and Prince William, for the
Humber; Plover, for Leith; and the Hebe, for
Long Hope."

No further advises from Lord WiLLINaToN had
arrived when this paper went to press; but private
hv the Lisbon Mail, received .by one of the
most resFectable houses in the City, contain ate rola
lowing important communication:

" LISBON, AUGUST IS.

" Lord WELLINGTON has entered Spain with a large
force, and it is supposed his views are directed
against Salamanca, as our advanced guards have left
Ciudid Rodrigo, two leagues in the rear."

Other letters of the same date contain the follow.
ing passage : a Commerce is extremely dull, owing
to the arrival of a great number of American vessels,
and the march of the Army towards the North. At
Oporto circumstances are different: trade there ap-
pears to be very brisk, atnd depots are forming at Cele.
rice. Pinhel, and Guarda, for the use of the Army."
The last accounts from Oporto state, that a very
general opinion prevailed there, that it was the inten-
tion of Lord WELLINGTON to lay siege to Ciudad
Rodrigo, which was strengthened by the great mt.-
tions made to hasten up the Douro all the heavy artil-
lery. Depots of provisions were likewise establishing
along the banks of the river, and all the proceedings
seemed to indicate that active operations were soon to
be commenced in the North. The Commissaries at
Lamego had received instructions to prepare 2000
waggons for immediate service at that station. Men-
tion is made froth the same quarter, that the move-
ments of the Gallician army are to correspond with,
and support those of the Allies u:ider Lord Wak-
LINGTON.

A letter from a Spaniard of rank, dated

August 17, states, that the armies of the three pro-
vinces of Asturias, Gallicia, and Leon, consists of
snore than 45,000 men, but that a great part of them
are deficient in clothing and arms. Tbey have a few
horses, but unprovided with accoutrements.
At Lisbon it is generally supposed that the British
Commander medicates a bold and important enter-
prize. It. is well known that in consequence of the
danger to which Ciudad Rodrigo has been exposed,
Salamanca has been lately made the grand dep6t for
the French supplies, and it is conjectured that an at-
tack is intended by a coup de-main on that city.
BBSSIEHES had ordered, that all the Spaniards em-
ployed in his service should be paid up to the Ist of
April, but the specie in the military chest not being
found adequate to answer the demand, he directed
that bills, in the nature of assignats, should be drawn,
to the amount of half a million of rials. This mea-
sure was adopted on the approach of King Josertr.
Beaman regulates every thing, exercises both civil
and military authority, while the nominal Sovereign
of the country publishes no decrees, nor issues a single
order.

It is confidently stated in the higher political -cir-
cles, that in the event of the continuance of the non-
intercouese with this country by the American Republic,
his Majesty's Government have come to the determi-
nation of adopting a rigid retaliatory system, and the
last dispatches to Mr. FOSTER are said to have an-
nounced this decibion of the Cabinet.

Some more Paris Papers arrived yesterday, hut i
their contents are unimportant. Marshal OUDINOT
is shortly to return from Holland to Antwerp, where I
BONAPA RT Eis shortly expected. Another 74 gun ship
(the Trajan) has lately been launched at that port.
A bag of letters horn Surinam arrived yesterday
afternoon, but brought no particulars news.
Jamaica papers inform us, that ?lesh attempts have
been made to set fire to the town of Montego Bay.—
" Notwithstanding the large rewards," says an article
from thence, " whtels have been offered for the detec-
tion of any
.peison concerned in the numerous at.
tempts to set fire to this already in part desolated
town, we regret to state that no discovery has yet
been made : on the contrary, the wretches 'seem not
yet to have abandoned their purpose, no less than two
new attempts having been made lately ; the one on
snore buildings between the South Creek and the pre-
mises occupied by Mr. Henry Isaacs ; the other to
the northward of the Parade. Fortunately they were
discovered before the flames had attained any consi-
derable heiglttond were extinguished without injury."
Accounts from Avehangel state, that 18 ships had
sustained great injury in a heavy gale i some of which
were reduced to a cumpligt wreck.

_
