THE GREEKS.

The following is an extract from an oration deli'
vered at New Haven, in the United States, by Doctor
JAMES G. Palmy/AL, an American Poet of some
celebrity :

'• The world is, indeed, presented with a singular
spectacle. Christians are united with Turks to murder
Christians ; and this to preserve an abstract balance
cf power. A nation in fetters descended from the
nation that every scholar idolizes, and every lover of
freedom looks to as to its original father, that nation
is struggling to break its yoke and assert its rights
and liberties.

" They have seen their brethren butchered, tor-
tured, and enslaved. They are threatened with their
own extermination, without a friendly Power to cheer,
or an ally to protect them : and yet, against this fear-
ful odds, they do not yield, but, with the spirit of an-
cient Athens, devote themselves to liberty or death.
Tl,e:e is no other alternative. If Christian nations
look on unconcerned, if they aid their oppressors, and
thwart their generous efforts ; if free nations move not
at their call; what can they expect but the scimitar
of the Turk and the fate of Scio? They tell us
the Greeks have invited their destiny ; that they
have set the first example and given the first blow.
Can a People suffer for centuries and not be exaspe-
rated? Can they be governed by unfeeling barba-
rians, and not strive to break their yoke? And if in
the excitement they do retaliate, should we do less?
Human nature cannot bear for ever. Cold indeed
must be the heart, and weak the hand, that would
riot revenge the death of a parent and brother, and
the dishonour and slavery of a wife and sister.
" But we are far removed from the sight and hear-
-1-g of these enormities. They come to us only as the
last echo of a dirge, or the dying fall of a tempest.
We sit beneath our quiet roofs and hear the war of
the winds at a distance ; and, as we gather around our
cheerful firesides,we feel a new pleasure that all within
i; so pleasant,while all without is cold and stormy."

Chichester is to become a bonded port forthwith.
Negotiations are on foot for the purchase of some ex-
tensive premises for a Government store, and the
proper Custom-house Officers are now at Portsmouth,
for instructions in this new branch orduty.
The ancient vessel found in the channel of tbe Ro-
ther, in Kent, reached its destination, in Waterloo..
road, near Waterloo-btidge, on Saturday morning,
at tour o'clock, and is now enclosed in a spot pur7
posed for its exhibition, is a timber-yard.
Tile Keet.stas.—There are a number of small
vessels at Newcastle, Ste. which are called heels: these
receive the coals from the spouts, at the quay side,
and convey. them to such ships as are too large to ap-
proach the pier—something-similar to the lightermen
on the Thames. Notwithstanding the heavy colliers
cannot be loaded without the assistance of the keels,
the smaller vessels run in, and are presently freighted
under the spouts, or troughs, which are supplied with
the coals, from the mouth of the pits, by small car-
riages constructed for that purpose.
The keelmen still refuse to return to their usual
employment, but the efforts of the coal-owners to
conduct their business without their assistance, have
attained an efficiency, which must convince these mis-
guided men of the utter hopelessness of the struggle
in which they are engaged. By the aid of steam-
boats, and through the increasing skilfulness of the
men who have been engaged to navigate the keels,
considerable numbers of them have each day this
week been brought down from the staiths .above
bridge to the ships at Shields, and again conveyed
back, under the escort of the boats from the ships of,
war at Shields.—Newcastle Chronicle.

Herron COLLIERY.—Monday, the 18th instant,
the Hetton Coal Company effected the first ship-
ment of their coals at their newly-erected staith on
the banks of the river Wear, at Sunderland. The
waggon-way, which extends over a space of eight
miles, from the colliery to the river, and in its course
crosses Warden Law, (one of the highest hills in this
part of the country), was crowded with spectators to
witness the first operations of the powerful and in-
genious machinery employed for conveying the coal-
waggons. Five of Mr. GEORGE STEPHENSON'S pa-
tent travelling engines, two 60-horse power fixed re-
ciprocating engines, and five self-acting inclined
planes, simultaneously performing their various and
complicated offices with the precision and exactness
of the most simple machinery, exhibited a spectacle
at once interesting to science and encouraging to
commerce. The quality
.pf the coal is universally
acknowledged; and the shipment of them has been
anxiously looked for by the ship-owners and fitters
at Sunderland, who had the gratification of witness-
ing about 100 waggon loads (containing upwards of
100 tons weight) conveyed along the iron railway
with astonishing facility and dispatch, to the Com-
pany's staith, where the coals were shipped by their
newly-invented self-discharging apparatus. After
the business of the day, the owners of the colliery,
with about fifty of their friends, who had been. in-
vited to celebrate the event, sat down to an excellent
dinner, at Miss JowsEY's, the Bridge Inn, Bishop-
wearmouth.—Nesucastk Courant.
MINING INTELLIGENCE.--The Copper Ores sold
at Truro on Friday, 2247 tons—standard £lO6. 1 Is.
Copper Ores for sale next week at Truro, 1847 tons. i
A most diabolical attempt was made, on Thursday
last, to poison a family, in the village of Doune, near
Stirling, by mixing arsenic with the potatoes they had
for breakfast. A precognition has been gone into,
but no distinct clue has yet been found to lead to a
discovery of the wretch who has been guilty of so
base a deed. The sufferers are, a woman of middle
age, her daughter of seventeen, and a son of eight
years of age. From prompt and judicious medical
aid, the three persons are in a fair way of recovery,
though still suffering from the effects of the poison.

On the 17th of this month, at four o'clock in the '
morning, the lightning struck the vane of the belfry
of the cathedral of Valencia, and set it on fire. The '
progress of the flames was terrible; they consumed
the whole rapidly, in spite of the united exertions of
the garrison, of the firemen, and of more than 4,000
persons who came to their assistance. The weather
was stormy, and great disasters were dreaded had
rot the wind changed to the north. All the bells are
broken ; only the walls remain. The loss is estimated
at more than 40,000 francs, and it would have been
much greater if the firemen of the town, by their
ronrage and skill, had not succeeded in confining the
fire to the steeple to which the cathedral is attached.
Never was a more terrific thing seen. No lives were
lost, and only a sapeur wounded by a burning flake.
One of the most adroit robbers of France, who
seems the head of a considerable band in the Southern
Departments, has just been arrested in Paris. He
robbed by housebreaking, a few months ago, a no-
tary of Mons (Sarthe) of 29,000 fr. The Court of
Assizes of that town condemned him to twenty years
bard labour. While in prison he contrived to escape,
a4cl came to Paris. This man went under various
names, es. gr. Roux, Jean, Fiarnette, Abbadie, Lab-
badie, Lacroix, k.c. his arrest facilitated
the arrest of several of his accomplices, particularly
his concubine.
Thursday, one of the Coventry weavers, who,
hating been brought up for judgment, and sentenced
to nine months' imprisonment, was committed to the
King's Bench Prison, previous to bis removal to a
wunty jail, contrived to disguise himself,. so as to
elude the vigilance of the turnkeys at the lobby, and
got clear off.

Na PAL INTSLLICENCE. . . .
' •- . , ARLAN!).
. .
. .
_—___ • • • •
. .
the Ilitrrea, GIGO gnus, Captain Werrreac, in the Sound, is We ban sees a lettei froth Dublin, which dates;
ordered to be fitted op for the conveyance of Lord Amine,, that 23 more tonspiratOrs, Ribiiimmeit, wire arrested
;Governor-General of India, to Calcutta. His Lordship is a-lin that city on Thursday night. and uaderwent an
petted at Plymouth, to embark for his destination.
The East India Company's ship Berwickshire sailed trots% I examination before the Priv?), Counsel, 'on the fol-
Bombay for China on the 6th of June ; the Dunks: and Dike o j lowing day i all the King's Council were in attend-
York en the 7th of July; the Buckinghamshire and Macqueen i ante. Nene of the Dublin papers hitherto received
were expected to follow about the 20th of July; and the Orwell Paper.
and Castle Iluntly the beginning of August. have mentioned this occurrence.—Cork
EmaIsICILLIM, Nov. 21.—0 n the night arlhe 2J
FALMOUTH, Nov. 24.—Wind &S. W.—Arrived the Duke of
Kent packet (2), from Lisbon, in eight days. Put back the instant, five cows were honghed on the lands of
William Harris, Masts, for Jamaica. Aughintain, y.
about a mile and a half from Clabo Altavista Lerma, SAMS Dave--The Duke of Kent packet The cattle, two of which are since dead, belonged
arrived here this morning from Lisbon, which place she kit on Owen Phillips, and Michael Breen, who at pre-
the 16th November : she brings an account that it was reported to
Deputies were about to be sent to Bahia, and that more troops sent hold farms out of which men of the name of
would sail almost immediately for the same destination. Dennis were ejected prior to May last, a circum-
Poicrusoora. Nov. 25.—Wind &W.--Arrived the Anna stance, which may afford a clue at least to suspicion.
Christina, Hansom, from Rostock for Fayal, with loss of saib, ... .
and it is feared the cargo (wheat) is damaged. we are deeply concerned and mortified to have to
Haulms, Nov. 25. Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the Welling- notice the appearance, in so peaceable a district, of
ten, Naastre, from Leith for London; and_Eosily, Barren, this brutal and unmanly species of outrage, and we
from Gottenburgh, with Mails.
trust no efforts will be wanting on the part of the
Drat., Nov. 25.—Wind &W.—Arrived last night and sailed • - .
Mrtrates to bring to justice the perpetrators.
for the River, the Regulus, Heelers, from St. John's, New
Brunswick. The Palmyra. Lams, from Bengal, Is reported to 'e have heard of another outrage lately commit-
have passed through the Dow. last night. Also arrived to- ted in the mountain district of Glen, not far from
day, the Fame, Tweeze, from Lisbon, il4 seven days.—Came Trillick, which indicates the prevalence of a bad spirit
down front the River last night and to-day, the George, Futt., among some portion of the people in that quarter.
for Naples, Palermo, Sec. Henry Williams, WRILTS, for Gibras-
tar ; and Ardent, BAYLIC, for Belfast.—The Brisset, HOLDiII, The haggard of a respectable farmer, named McQuaid,
for Dominica, lost an anchor and cable in the Downs, on the was entered a few nights ago by a gang of nocturnal
23d inst. and proceeded to Ramsgate. depredators, who pulled down, scattered, and tram-
Cowes, Nov. 24.--Wind S.& W.—Arrived the Good Hope,
Do g
led five lare stacks of oats Itu.xsav, from Richmond, laden with tobacco, bound here for , in such a manner as to
•
otders, 23 dayspassage. Put back the Dutch brig Actif, Rice- damage the grain very considerably.,
seas, for Liverpool, which sailed from hence the 16th Instant.
Sailed the Arethusa, Puns, for Bremen. A letter has been written by 'Mr. GOULRURN, by
Cove, Nov. 16.—The vessel which foundered off Poorhead on command of the LORD LIEUTENANT of Ireland, to
Wednesday morning last was the Prince Regent, Capt. itvAits, the Lord Mayor of Dublin, expressive of the Vice-
bound from Liverpool for this port, and was laden chiefly with toy's entire approbation of the judgment, firmness,
crates of ware, tobacco, cotton twist, and other dry gnosis.— which his Lordship discharged his
Some of the cotton twist was washed ashore at Ballycroneen
and temper, with
Bay, and secured by the Preventive Water Guard on that station. duty, in prohibiting the dressing up of the statue of
She was at anchor at the time she foundered, and the whole of King William, on the 4th of November, which duty
she crew, consisting of *even persons, perished. 'There was one was rendered difficult and invidious by the peculiar
ilassenger, a lady, on board, who had arrived in Liverpool from
circumstances. of the moment.
America, where she kept a boarding school, and was proceeding
for this city, near which, we understand, her friends reside, but The income of the Marquis of STAFFORD is said to
we have not learned her name. She was possessed of some pro- be nearly One Thousand Pounds per day; much of it
party, having bad several hundred dollars on board. A few of arises from the profits of the canals which were pro-
the bodies of the crew have been since washed on shore, one in .
jetted by the late Duke of BRIDGEWATER, under the
particular in a mutilated state, with a spar tied across the body.
Custom-House, Nov. 25.—Ships Entered Inwards :—The superintendence of the well-known Mr. GILBERT.—
Smith, Sisters, and Belluncle, from Stangate Creek ; Dryad, A
__large portion of this income will descend to the 1
from Demerara • John, and Rachel, tram Si. Peter.burgh; Wil- Marquis's second son, on whom it was entailed by
liam, from Lisbon; Mena, from Virginia; Tobago, from Gre-
the
.N.oble Duke, so that Lord GOWER, even with the
nada ; Acorn, from Oporto • Surprise, from Malaga; Earl
Bathurst, from Rotterdam; Oporto;
from Alicant ; Atalanta, addition of his mother's (the Countess of SUTHER'
from Harlingen; and Union, from Quebec.---Entered Out- LAND) wealth, which is derived from vast estates in
wards :—The Accord, for Antwerp; Perseverance, for Calais; the Highlands, will never equal in fortune what his
New Harmony, for Dublin ; Bee, for Hamburgh ; Clifton, and
Laurel, for Jamaica; John Baker, for Leghorn; Three Sisters, father now enjoys.
for Rotterdam • Alfred, for Tobago • Erin' for Wrterford ; and AN ANECDOTE IN lion LIFE.--A man of High
Dispatch, for Cadiz Cleared Outwards :—The Alexander, Fashion, who deals largely In a certain combustible material, bad
for St. Domingo • Grace, for Hamburgh ; Leipsie, for Trieste ; long been attracted by the peculiarly fine form of a widow be-
George Hibbert;for Antigua; and Prince George, for Jamaica. witched, then under the protection of a Gentleman of great
wealth. He bad frequently said that he would give fifty pounds
solely to be seen walking by her side in Bond-street. His wish
was accidentally one day gratified thus :—At the moment of a
slight shower, the object continually uppermost in his thoughts
appeared in the very scene. The gentleman tendered his um-
brella ;it was accepted. Under the awning of a jeweller's shop
they stopped, and chatted about the weather—the lady's eye be-
ing occasionally directed to the glittering toys in the window,
0 They are very pretty," she said. " Very pretty, indeed !
suppose you go in and look at them," was the rejoinder. The
lady acceded. " That is vastly beautiful! is it not ?" speaking
of a necklace. "Itis ! but how wilt it look round your neck ?'
" Try." He did try; when the lady dropping a curtsey, added,
with the utmost sang fruid, a Thank you! The rain is over :
we will now, if you. please, walk." In an instant she was in

the street, liavini the gentleman behind. The latter looked at

the shopkeeper, and then at the door, and then on the jeweller
again : lastly at his pockets. This awkward adventure, for the
lady wasgone, ended, by his giving the tradesman his card ; it
was deemed satisfactory. In three days the bill was sent in ;
the item consisted of a necklace of brilliants, valued at 650
guineas. When a certain witty Dowager heard of this she said—
" Well! I hope this will teach married men to be more cautious
in future, and particularly when they touch gunpowder. !"
COVENT-GARDEN. THEATRE.—;Mss F. H. KELLY
again performed the character of Juliet last night,
and, as on former occasions, was received by a very
crowded audience with enthusiastic applause.
Cosmic.--A new Melodrama was produced kir
the first time, last night, at this elegant little Theatre
(now under the able direction of Mr.\\'. BARRYMORE),
called Frederick of Bavaria, from the pen of Mr.
Mimosa. It possesses considerable interest, and was
received with reiterated shouts of approbation. Mr.
HUNTLEY personated the Monarch in a most admi-
rable manner. The character of Adelaide, the Queen,
was well sustained by Mrs. STANLEY. Mr. Row-
soma rat, in Adolphus' the Monarch's confidant, was
particularly successful, and his efforts were amply
rewarded by the shouts of applause of the audience.
The Piece went off with considerable eclat, and pro-
mises to become a lasting favourite. The entertaining
Mythological Ballet, Jupiter and Dane, was again
produced, and the performances of the evening ter-
minated with another new Melodrama, called The
czar of Muscovy ; or, The Three Ambassadors, which
met with decided success. The brilliant Saloon was
an object of much curiosity, and certainly is highly
creditable to the Artists concerned in its fitting up.
The audience was numerous and genteel.
Last night, about twelve o'clock, the neighbour..
hood of Charlotte-street, Bedford-square, was thrown
into considerable alarm by the cries'of 66 Murder r
proceeding from a female. Upon the watchmen run•
ning to the spot, it was discovered that a fellow, well
known as a dancer at a minor Theatre, had been most
brutally using a female whom he called his wife—
she was literally covered with blood. Upon being
taken to the watch-house, the poor creature, from
fear of further ill usage, declined giving him in
charge, and the fellow was allowed to depart.
N 0.286 of the London Medical and Physical Journal,
to be published on the first of December, will contain—Original
Communicatiuns from' J. Suaw, Esq. on the Nervous System
(with a copper-plate); Dr. ASIISURNIR, on a ease of Rupture of
both Ventricles of the Heart; Taos. Rose, Esq. on a case of
Ossification of the Heart; Dr. WEISTRIL, on looping-cough; R.
Pam; Esq. on a case of Retention of Urine, effectually relieved
by leeching; Dr. Buaaows, on the Suicides in London and
Paris; Dr. KINOLAtIty on Excitement and the Circulating Fluids.
—C-otticrattrai Mama : An Account of the last Illness, De-
ceue, and post-mortem Appearances of Napoleon Bonaparte,
by AacuusausAamorr, Esq.—CrilicalAnalpis : Dr. Sraea's Me-
dical Report, lice. Dr. antes, on fatal consequences resulting
from slight Wounds received in Dissection; BASON LANEY and
R. Dunousox, Esq. on the Use of Moxa as a Therapeutical
Agent ; Dr. Macau:maxi:a new View of the Infection of Scarlet
Fever; Mr. COTNII, on the Nitro-muriatic Bath; Jour!' SWAN,
F.sq. on the Actkin of Mercury on the Living Body ; W.
Weionv, Esq. on the Effects of Mercury on the Organs of
Hearing; Dr. THOMAeS Way to preserve good Health.
STATISTICAL MICRICINII: Dr. MACLICOD'S Report of Diseases at
the Westminster General .Dispensary.—Mawcat irrattiolexcv :1
Some Account of the Medical School at Berlin • W. COOKS and
J. Snaw, Es on the use of Muriate of Soda in Antinionial
Preparations; J. limas, Esq. on Bleeding as a remedy fur
poisoning by Prussic Add; F. Bunt, Esq. on removing Opium
from the Stomach by a syringe; J. Moat's', Esq. on inliam-
mation in the Chest.r-Biographicat Account of Dr. S. roman?
out, ate. &e.

SPORTING nrrtzzzoENcs.
sintibro AT TATTERSALL'S, NOV. 25.
biauv.
9to 1 apt Emily (taken) I9to 1 apt Talisman (tato)
OAKS.
to 1 apt Zelda j tl to 1 eget shier to SAW
CLAM?.
7 toil test James I 7to 1 apt Ajax (taken)
7 to 2 sift Swap
Even betting between Ajax and Frolic. •
Ditto between Al*: and Aquiline.
nowcasesa LUMEN.
12 to 1 apt Sherwood (taken) 112 w 1 apt Min Fanny

JG.
- iamb Astley'a Hounds meet to-morrow, at Feulsbam
Town; Friday, at Bale.
Mr. Dewing's Hounds meet to-morrow, at Burgh; Thurs-
day, at Mantby.
Mr. Chaworth's Fox-hounds meet on Thursday. at Ravens-
thorpe ; Friday, at Dustnn.
The Duke of GraftOn's Hounds meet to-marrow, at Cattle
Mill; Friday, at Wappeubam.
The Hampshire Hounds meet to-morrow, at Hinton House;
Thursday, at Grange Park ; Saturday, at Windmill Hill.
The Hambledon !founds meet to-morrow, at Wickham Lodge,
Friday, at Westbury House.
Mr. Shard's Hounds meet on Friday, at Dowks.
Col. Berkeley's Fox-hounds meet to-morrow, at Combe Rad.
The members of the Hampshire Hunt have hitherto experi-
enced a most successful season since the commencement of their
favourite amusement, not having had one blank day. Monday
sennight they bed a run of an hour and a half, and killed the
fox in gallant style. The hounds ran through Lord BOL?011.11
Park, and the gate being fast at the further end of it, a Gentle-
, man, named AULIRY, charged the pales, and got well over, al-
though they are full six feet high.
PRDESTRIANIS3I.
Ralston, the pedestrian, has been matched against Dawson
and Harcourt, to run two miles on Langton Wold, in North-
amptonshire, about the middle of December next, for wogs,
a-side. Dawson is to ruo the first mile, and Harcourt the second,
WILD FOWL
The levels at Brede, in Sussex, are at this time more largely
visited by wild fowl of various descriptions than for some years
past at so early a period of the season ; and many are daily killed
by gunners who watch their flight to and from the sea. Several
couple were on Thursday last taken to Lewes, which were pur-
chased the day before at Hailsham, at four shillings the couple.
COURSING BY STEAM!
A few days ago, during the late high spring tides, the people
on board the dredging vessels employed in widening the channel
at the Ford, Waterford, were alarmed at a kind of squeaking
noise in the water, which at first they supposed to be the cries
of an infant, but which, on further examination, were found to
proceed from an unfortunate hare, which, by some strange and
unaccountable accident, had been caught by the foot in .one of !
the buckets just put in motion, and was brought up alive

A citizen, who has two sons, the eldest of whom
is a fine gentleman, but the other always attentive to
business in his father's banking concern, gives to them
the appellations of Count and Discount!
A very venerable Gentleman, of the name of TROT,
who was exceedingly fond of a very beautiful little
girl, was found one day by the late Rev. Dr. DELANY,
fondling this little favourite. " Oh, oh:" said the
witty Doctor, "how is this? I don't approve of these
liberties."" Oh !" said the old Gentleman, " I have
nothing to fear from my little Helen."—" Ay," said
the Doctor, " but you should recollect she would not
be the first Helen that set Troy on fire."-.Lit. Citron.
Miss NUGENT, daughter of Alderman NUGENT,
voted as a freeman of Dublin, at the late Guild Elec.
ti.m in that city.

A certain witty Judge having heard that Miss Nu-
GENT was brought up to vote for Mr. SUTTER, .of
Orange notoriety, and being shewn the printed list
of candidates, on which, under the statue of King
WILLIAM, was written—' Good men in bad tir-Oes.
" Ay, bad times, indeed," said his Lordship, n
the daughter of a respectable man like Mr. NUGENT
is compelled to turn orange-woman I"
A few days since, a Gentleman settled his yearly
grog bill at a public•house, in Scarborough, which
was for/ft een hundred gla,ses of rum and water! The
Gentleman is nearly sixty years of_ age, and says that
during the last seven years he has enjoyed his glass
with as much pleasure as during the past year.
A farmer's servant having a.cheese set before him
to take his breakfast, and sitting a long time over it,
his master asked him when he intended to have done?
Sir," said he, " a cheese of this size is not so soon
eaten as you may think!"
Some of the English Quidnunc, at Verona have
written to their friends in London, requesting to be
informed what Congress is about, or what it has done?
HISTORICAL DOUBTS.—An auctioneer, at a late
sale of antiques, put up a helmet, with the following
' candid observation :••••" This, ladies and gemmen, is
a helmet of RomuLus, the Roman Founder; but whe-
ther he was a brass or iron founder, I cannot tell !"

VORACITY OF HYANAS.—In the Menagerie of the
JardiM des Plantes, at Paris, was an old hyena, which
broke its leg by accident. One night, before the
bone was united, the creature actually bit off his own
leg • and it was discovered in the morning that he
had eaten it up, bone and all!!!—Quarterly. Review,
October, p. 467.
THR ELRPHANT.—A Gentleman from India as-
sures us, that he has seen elephants employed to pile
wood, and which have, adding heap to heap, drawn
back and placed themselves in a situation to see if
they have kept a perpendicular line and preserved a
just level in their work, and have then corrected any
perceptible defect in one or the other. The same per-
son has seen two elephants employed to roll barrels
to a distance ; one has kept them in motion while the
other has been prepared with a stone in his trunk to
stop their progress ht the required spot.•—• Amer-
ican Paper.
Lusus NATI:YRS.—A very extraordinary fish 'of
the sole kind, was taken about eight days since in the
Eden, at Rockliff, by John Cartner, innkeeper 'her:.
It was formed alike on both the upper and under
parts; that is, the belly could not be distinguished
from the hack, and it was furnished with two pair of
fins and gills, and four eyes—the mouth as usual. It
lived three days in water, and might have been pre-
served longer, had it not been injured by handling.
MAMMOTH SUNPLOATER.—We have been presented
by NI rs.Veclder, of Guilderland,with a prodigiuns large
sunflower, which grew in her garden, in that town ;
and which, although contracted by the frost, is yet 14
inches in diameter. It is of that kind which produces
white seeds, and is by far the largest plant of the spe-
cies we have ever seen.—American Paper.

The New Marriage Act was on Sunday read in a
Parish Church near St. Paul's; and the Mirister,
thotrgh an excellent reader, did not appear to relish
bis task, as be gabbled it through as fast as his breath
would permit. The congregation, especially the fe-
males were iu a titter during the whole time.
