Move for leave to bring in the Bill ; but should move
that the House should resolve itself into a Committee,
to take into consideration the state of the Representa-
tion. By voting for that Committee, no man who
voted for it was thereby pledged to any ulterior pro-
ceeding. He who voted for the Committee, onlq
admitted that the state of the Representation wanted
inquiry. The Bill was only to extend to England
and Wales; but, should the Bill succeed, which he
was not sanguine enough to believe, it could easily
be extended to Scotland and Ireland. In favour of
the present system it had been said, it worked well
in practice ; and he did not deny that it worked well
for the Honourable Gentlemen opposite—(Cheees)-
It had been also said, that a Reform would exclude
men of talent from Parliament. He did not believe
that would be the case; but, if it were so, he would
sacrifice the talents of the Members to the purity of
the House. He should conclude by moving, that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
whole House, to take into consideration the state of
the Representation.
Mr. S. WHITBREAD seconded the motion. He
was impelled to come forward by the call of duty.
If report spoke true, there were Members in that
House who Could not state the means by whit* they
had been returned. The House seemed to be in the
situation of a- female, with whom a man might take
any liberty except that of telling her of her frailty !
—(A laugh).—He did not mean to say that a Reform
in Parliament would redress all the grievances of the.
People ; but it would be the first step to that end.--
No doubt could exist as to the power of Parliament
to extend the elective franchise ; and he believed
there WAS as little doubt of the expediency.
Mr. WILMOT had no fears that the House would
consent to the sweeping alterations in the Constitu-
tion proposed by the Hon. Gentleman. The distress
of the country was owing to the long war in which
we had been engaged; but, during that war, the
country had gone completely along with the Govern-
ment of that day. He (Mr. Wilmot) must not be
supposed to he an enemy to Reform, because he did
nut support the sweeping plan of the Hun Gentle-
man. Ever since Mr. Wyndham had described
Jacobinism as active and embodied, a standing army
was necessary to aid the Police of the country...-.
The Hon. Gentleman here read the answer from the
House of Commons in the time of Edward 111. in
which they tell the King that they are too simple to
give any opinion as to the measures of his Govern-
ment. From such a Hcuse of Commons it was im-
possible to argue to the House of Commons of the
present day. The people of the country had been
told, that Universal Suffrage and Annual Parlia-
ments were their right, and on that account, and not
from considerations of expediency, they had come
as suitors to the Bar of that House. He was to learn
what class of public men would or could undertake
rthe Goveniment under such a Reform as had been
marked out by the Hon. Gentleman. He (Mr. Wil-
mot) did not know how to conclude his speech better
than by repeating the words of a predecessor of the
Right Hon. Gentleman who filled the Chair My
daily prayer is, for the continuance of the Constitu-
tion, and for the preservation of the dignity of this
House to the latest posterity"—(Hear, hear).
Mr. HOBHOUSE could not agree in the argu-
ments of the last speaker, as to the mischiefs result-
ing from emerging from a state of slavery to too
great a portion of liberty, the argument would not
apply to this country. We were not ernerging.frosn
a state of slavery, we were not yet in that situation,
whatever we might be. As to what had been said of
innovation, the change proposed would be no inno-
vation. Mr. Hume said, the whole history of this
country was a history of changes, and a Member
of high authority in the House, at present the Mem-
ber for Bramber, had said on one occasion, that a
Resolution that there should be no change, would
be the greatest innovation which could be adopted.
The Honourable Member then proceeded to point
out the different numbers of which the House
had at different periods been composed. In the
reign of Henry the Sixth the number of Representa-
tives was only 300; Henry VIII. added 37 to the
number ; Queen Elizabeth also added to the number.;
and James I. decreed, that Westminster and the Uni-
versities should send Members. He 'also contended,
that the mode of election and the duration of Parlia-
ments had been changed ; therefore, those who sup-
ported the present proposition were not innovators.
All his Hon. Friend and he desired was, to return to
that form which Parliament originally bore. The
Hon. Gentleman then proceeded to take a review of
the manner in which the House of Commons was at
present constituted, and to point out the influence
used in returning Members ; and contended, that, as
at present constituted, with a majority, returned by
71 Peers and 91 Commoners, it did not represent the
People. Let the Petitioners, however, come in what
numbers they might, still there was no public opinion,
according to Gentlemen opposite. It was like the line

" Ask where's the North? at Yoik 'tis on the Tweed!"
All admitted its existence, but none recognised it
present. By ancient records it was clear that we wete
entitled to Annual Parliaments ; he did not say that
nothing less than Annual Parliaments would satisfy
him ; he only stated this to chew that Annual Parlia-
ments were originally our right. He now called cna
all Reformers to unite in one effort to obtain some
Reform. He proceeded to mention the various pro-
positions which had been made for Reform by diffe?
rent great. men since the Revolution ; amongst them
were Sir W. Jones, Lord Chatham, Sir G. Saville,
Mr. Fox, Mr. Burke, the Duke of Richmond, and
Mr. Pitt. He regretted that the individual last
named had departed from his original principles.
He was persuaded the Family on the Throne could
have no fear of a Parliament elected by the People.
Their attachment had been proved on more than one
occasion : he need only mention the cae of the Re-
bellion of 1745. It was now well ascertained, that
the Aristocracy on that occasion had promised the
Pretender support; but it appeased the People would
not support him, but adhered to the King; for in
the whole march from Scotland to'Derhy, the Pre-
tender was joined by only 300 of Cal People. So as
to the Parliament of the Rebellion of 1645, that was
anything but a tree Parliament, it was aParliament
purged by Colonel Pride, and by some others, and
was composed of persons who had no light whatever
to legislate. He was convinced, in a free Parlia-
Inca, the prerogatives of the Throne would find
support, and the Peoples liberties protection. The
, Hon. Member then proceeded to allude to a speech

-
• 4.. •

feii~7i'i~i

._ „~,
