for the debt, I can repeat to you the assurance that a Cot-
e", has never meant any more than to make proposals.
Believe me, Sir,
Your very humble servant,

ova, adirmed that the army at the same time retains its
positions about Media. The State Gamut observes that
no official :accounts of all these events had reached War•

w on account of the distance.

The Diet has resolved, that the army shall be augmented
as soon as possible, by a new regiment from each province.
The Warsaw Gazette says, that the whole Russian army
is uow in motion in different direetions. The Field Mar-
shal's head-quarters were, a few days age, at Zukowe (not
Lakowo), near Siedlee. General Chrsanowki is still in
Zamose, from which place the post had arrived in War-
saw. We have no official amounts of the operations
lof the army on the left wing ; but it is certain Ostro
leneka was taken *on the 18th, by General Dernbinaki's
corps, in spite of the resistance of the corps of &Awn,
which occupied the place. There are reports that General
Rudiger, who was to join the Field Marshal with his
corps, is returning to Volhynia, which gives rise to various

(sign^d) PONSONBY.
To M. Lebeauffilinister for Foreign Affairs.
The minister descends from the tribune without adding
tingle word, amidst the agitation of the assembly.
The letter is ordered to be printed.
Tee President asked if any person desired to speak, on
which M. Jottrand and M. Class spoke a few sentences,
the biter proposing that the discuysion should be deferred
fot :4 hours. In that interval, said he, those who are now
to eager for the election of the Prince of Saxe Coburg may
change their minds.
'fhe debate was adjourned till Monday.
M. Nothomb read the following proposition, signed by
himself, Count Vilain XIV. and Henry de Bronckere—con-'
airing that the southern provinces of the late kingdom of,
the Netherlands, including the Grand Duchy, spontaneouslyl
separated themselves from the northern provinces, that this
separation is anterior to the election of Congress, and that it is,
out of the power of this assembly to destroy this fact by the'
cession of a province or part of a province.
" That it is no part of the attributes of the executive
power to open, without the special license of the Congress,
negociations which should have for their object to purchase,
by pecuniary sacrifices, the peaceable maintenance of the
,eparation of the northern and southern provinces.
4. That before having recourse to arms, the Belgian nation
may, without renouncing the principle of the revolution,
give to Europe, a new proof of its desire to concur in
the preservation of the general peace, by 'hewing itself dis-
posed to enter into political arrangements which may uphold
the equation without the effusion of blood." SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.
The National Congress decrees—
H ERA LD.—Whenever it happens that the "'leek,
Art. I. The election of the Head of the State shall be happy, laughing, and light-hearted" slaves. as they have
considered as null and void, if his acceptance is accompanied been described, of any of our West Indian colonies—
with the condition of the cession of Luxemburg, or a part of " those happiest Islands of the watery waste"e-become
fierce and resentful, and break out into acts of open Meer.
Limburg. section against masters to whom they owe so much felicity,
Art. 2. The Government is authorised to propose to the and set fire to the cane plantations, which constitute the very
Congress and to King William, to terminate, by means of ornament of their " earthly paradise," the blame of such a
pecuniary sacrifices, all questions relative to the territory, transformation from mirth to madness, from affectionate
subordination to savage violence, is ascribed by the admirers
end to make offers in this view,
of slavery to the "strong language" and the "exciting zeal"
Art. 3. It is further authorised, without prejudice to the of the advocates of its abolition. It is unfortunate for the
national Sovereignty, to propose that a mixed or a foreign validity of such imptrations that, ever aince slavery became
garrison (provided it be not Dutch) be placed, for a time, in part and parcel of our "colonialprosperity," those island, have
become, in a moral sense, volcanic • and have been liable to
the fortress of Maestricht. sudden and fiery eruptions, in which slavery has shown that,
Art. 4. The arrangement which may ensue from these if it be the most passive of all things, it can also be the most
proposals, shall be subject to the ratification of the Congress, desperate ; and if it be accustomed to bear stripes and de-
and,tbasu it.ng wrongs, it can also, at times, throw off its chains and
at all events, a report on the negotiation shall be made
together, and spread around it ruin, and waste, and
on the 20th June, at the latest." conflagration. It is the condition of slavery to be subject to
This motion was seconded by a great many members. M. such disorders—and the deeper and more degraded the state
Nothomb spoke in defence of his motion. He does not think of slavery is, the more tettible is its re-action—for oo com-
that the election of the Prince of Saxe Coburg complies mouutupaitYyievnteirdyetluuttrugtt the rights of human human
tages whincture, ittti
an assent to the protocol of 20th January. Two things such violation. dearly fa
history of the world confirmsp
are to be reconciled. The rights that Holland pretends to even the Spartans, the bravest people of antiquity, were often
have to Luxemburg and Limburg, and the rights which inspired with dread and alarm of their own slaves, who were
originate in the revolution. As for the left bank of about :Ilvdeef cldetidl'eal4l:rihjcs, acslllteeeck anEdvheaeFtre'n% rglitiht;
the Schelde, it is in a different situation ; here the rights Reme, in the midst of her military glory, has been shaken
of insurrection are wanting (interruption and murmurs)— to her very base by the desperate fury of her insurgent slaves.
The Servile War was one of the most dangerous in which
The left bank of the Schelde has not sent deputies to the
Congress s we have DO engagement with it; it has not she was ever engaged, and long tried with dubious success the
abilities of her best Generals, at the head of the very flower
come to us. of her armies. The present existence of the black republic
M. Nothomb acknowledges the immense importance of of Hayti is an instance of the uncertain tenure by which
the left bank of the Schelde, but thinks the question should tyranny holds its usurped property in the persons of bar.
man beings. The chains of no bondage were ever held
be for the present deferred. more tightly than those which bound the slaves of St. Do-
ll. Beyts opposed M. Nothoinb's motion. He thinks mingo to their masters' power, and none were ever snapped
we should not abandon the left bank of the Schelde, asunder with more sudden and dreadful revulsion. Before
tnerel.awn:s ana antsLaraverlnsoclenty, or
man any thing
toifdtahcennsonrtt in
the possession of which is secured to us by the treaty of
27 Florial, year VII. which separated Dutch Flanders from g
either in or orii of parliament, raised hisgvoice in compartYs:
Holland, to unite It with the French republic. M. B. sionate advocacy of the West India slave, or in manly de-
maims the articles of this treaty, and is invited to cont. intonation of the system by which Africa was desolated to
loudeste his observations to the central Section. M.
tfrenreishweefegtoun of but man wretchednessu fo
massar colonial cupidity-.
Nothomb's motion was referred to the Sections, the and military executionsu.sin our Zee islands,' civil
and moreug fref
Public Sitting adjourned to Monday. queenly than they have been of late years; because the ef-
Baussets, MAY 29.—The English ambassador yester. forts made on behalf of the slave for many years put, by
the
tfrttendayssotafuhumantaty, in
bat inpearblizut an:sat:two:ph. havet
day sent a a/Win with despatches for the Hague; and this
morning the French ambassador despatched a courier far slave with the hope that his sufferings will nee be perpetual.
Paris. As to the recent disturbances in Antigua, they have been
Mar 30..-Some pawn who getter themselves with accounted for by the circumstance of the local legislature
having suppressed the Sunday market of the slaver--at
which sufficient grounds to predict the decision of the Con-
which they used to dispose of some trifling articles for their
grass in the communication made on denude", affirm own profit,without having allowed soineother day in its plan&
that they will proceed to the election of Prince Leopold. But wherever slavery exists, muses will never be wands,
it is said that the election will be subordinate to the for the intemperate exercise of Potter on the one side, sae
the violent re-action of human suffering on the other. Mlle
condition of causing the territory to be evacuated by the in its best &raider), but a mitigated curse!
troops of the King of Holland by a certain day.—Coeserier. POST.—An attempt has been made to show thel
Bausests, 31AT 31.—1 n the sitting of the Coo- the Housetheoffirits, stoind, as ;7
n‘rwrz):: the
gnu on Monday, the President communicated the petitions express
Refolumt, ywiof the
ll not confineaurtsueff
the
he had received, most of which are in support of the nom!. bounds of thighs. but seek et, an aggrandisement of its
nation of the Prince of Saxe Cubing, powers at the expense of the other House of Parliament."
prove the utter futility of this attempt, no more.
M. de Bionekete, who has resigned the Mk* of Minister —To
of Finance, said he was happy_ oo retiring from office, to to:lece.say
ever btle)enulitrittrourwateitiene ~..twneer
and
the
think that he had caused the taxes to be collected without right—whetter Its power and its /Tight has ever
complaints from those who pay them. before been even questioned to mould its reply to the King's
31. Ramo, in the name of the Central Section, Speech Into whatever form it may dread% most
ess zzglient,
made a report oaths proposal of M. Naimoli, by which it meth:tenee is imyj:igry momente
the tuof public affairs nos,
appears that the sections are greatly divided in theft opinions require its interference? Nothing in the British Con-
oo it. After some farther discussion, the debate on the etilDtiOe is more certain, than that this power and right
arena rettrahentpinnitttbanothu
letter of Lord Poosooby was open. dby litl.thaoss,who read Houses of
store inPartliamenhese tit;noetthtihnega
and commented on it. House of Parliament which permitted this power or this
It le said that the finance department has bees offered to right to be called into question must sink into s degraded,
M. Seven, and to al. F. Mans. inefficient, and useless body. From the very fact of this
right and power being disputed, an additional argument
Armes', MAT 30.—A1l the Dutch them of war have arses for their prompt and vigorous exercise, more perticts.
left the road of Lino and dropped down the river, except a larly when it is considered that the denial springs from a
corvette and a gun-beau ; there ere only two corvettes in the quarter whence certain " great persons" in ambush are
road of St. Marie and Pyfstarbak. generally supposed to dart their traitorous shafts against
every Constitutional principle and every established imam.
Fauna, MAT 21—According to amounts from Bel- don. How it is said, can the Lords make a declaration
grade of the leek, received by express, the insurgents. against Reform' generally, when almost all the members of
who threatened to shut up the Grand Visit. in Munsadr, the Upper House have been brought to acknowledge the ne.
and already pressed him so closely that the report was spread et,elirt", some ?
ore ? ‘lf_ai.Ot/ar,ity
wit!
at Beled
grade of his capitulation, were attacked by him at I,`,7gotoon, our otx,"`tem"
oorery been 'rerseal eee:ea
ntienetb:amaunielscal:Lo
ed
Pirlipe on the Slat of last month, and totally defeated. The by the apprehension that they wilrmake a declaration against
Grand Vizier followed up his victory, again attacked the in- Reform generally. But why then question their right P
tallt mannellitiedtaish powers
so
versants commanded by the Pasha of Scutari in person,
ttlhyan i n
a tr :;. ch
t Trevlitukrage,
some days later, et Derbetchea, end so totally defeated thew, Lords, notwithstanding they all admit the necessity
thatn this dangerous insurrection may be considered as of some reform, may addres the King against the specific
terminated. The Pasha of Scutari tamped with difficulty, measure of his majesty's ministers ; std in this case elm
• and was seeking to retreat by Pristine to Bosnia. News
whamtilidgbitt can the turpluealrfens
house" Ithauvebeolurtelautfe idtsut opinion
vas sras also received at Belgrade, that Ali Bey, on this tine:- upon a bill only just introduced into parliament, and as yet
Meted event, had precipitately evacuated Sophia, of which before the lower home ?" The plunge is desperate but feeble,
lusd Ilia terna Puha had spin taken poisesske for the and rensinds us of nothing so much as of tee final flounder-
ing and dashing of the whale long after toe harpoon has been
Sultan. driven to the quick. Why, it is notorious to all the world,
The accounts from Lemberg, respecting the spreading of that the late Parliament was dhaolved, and the present
the Cholera, are very alarming.—Brussefe Paper., June 1. called together, in order that the Reform question might
be ended. '1 his the House of Lords knew from the
DUTCH PAPERS- RECEIVED THIS DAY. highest authetity-.-from the mouth of the King himself,
WAssAw, May 23 —Our Slats Gantt* contains some even although the ministers should practice the pitiful and
eirtawardlyyalevtriona
nanbsttinniong
nfrionmg &Intl mention tinimpp of it in
particulars of the movements of our troops north of the No-
few. It was on the 18th that they entered Ostrolenka t the Seances. Neverthelese, say See Revolutionists, it tss
is the
advanced posts then extended to Mianitur, but a division is duty of the House of Lords to be snout upon the
said to have gone further, and occupied the town of Louisa, subject, or at the utmost to re-echo the words of the
in the palatinate of Auguste's°. Nur, on the Dug, is also etc- leingtorehr rotoed Bill shall be of step to themoabuyo
cu fed by out troops. These reports sly that our troops took 0 course be the e.
duty oiwe)the Hoeved
user of Lords to remain
at Ostrolenka some magasines, about 13,000 florins in silent whenever hills shall be in pnireas through the Ten
mosey, scrotal vessels laden with provisions, 4or SOO psi. Pound Householder
to creld:nrdffiolz?flocoratsw, toder:dtreiteireerfiree
loners, 3,000 toms of salt, and the very valuable baggage of ffto7dietut colonic :and moo. to
to a Popish
m
General Brystottn, of the Russian guard. It is said that Hierarchy in Irelend, to repeal the UnWn, to abolish tie
3,000 Russians were made prisoners at Lonna, and that Peerage, and to dethrone the Sovereign 1 The Peers will,
our troops did not stop here, but advanced to Stowickl. however, effectually clhehthes,,..Refre Bill ffiletteidato:imors
Thus it seems to be clearly intended to give new moldenes 7•747 Ministers, taking
ce toitt leastof
syllableo 000nn-Oun'
the insurgents in Augustowo, who received so severe a sense on the subject of Reform in their Address to the
shack at the sod et April, soar AlarlaispoL It Is; how. Throne.

conjectures.
BEaux, MAY 26.—The fear that the insurgents
in Samogitia might fly into the Prussian territory,
from the pursuit of the Russians, have proved un-
founded ; as they have returned southwards, to the
Interior of the Province of Wilna ; and Augustows
Itoschienna, Newatad, and Tanroggen are already occupied
by the Russians. Count Tolstoy, commander of the reserve,
strived on the 10th of May, at Dunaberg, with 20,000 men,
of which he detached 8,000, under General Stropma; to
Rip. The Russian naval force in the Baltic is
reinforced since the navigation has began. In the night of
the 20th, some Polish Craeovites appeared on our frontier,
near Johannisburg, and seemed disposed to pass the fron-
tier, though warned off by the soldiers of the quarantine. A
few musket shots were fired off on both sides, but no body
was killed or wounded.—Dutek Papers, June I.
The St. Petersburg Journals of the 17th May, contain
no news.
