THE TRITE Da. STEERS'S OPODELDOC "

FRO 1I its penetrating quality, is found decidedly supe-
rior to any other external application in promoting the natural
circulation when in a torpid state, arising from cold, or other causes,
and in giving vigour to the parts affected. When promptly and copi-
ously rubbed in, it cures Rheumatism, Chilblains, the Cramp, Sprains,
and Bruises, &c. If dissolved, and applied un the first appearance
of Chilblains, it prevents their breaking.—The general use of this
valuable remedy has induced many persons to sell spurious imitations
of it, which are without erect. That only is genuine which has the
name " F. Newbery" engraved in the Government stamp on each
bottle. Price 2.5. 9d.

Sold by F. Newbery and Sous, at the Original Warehouse for Dr.
James's Powder, St. Paul's Chinch Yard ; but as many persons mis-
take the [louse, observe that it is the Third from ebeapslde, the Num-
ber 45. Sold also by J. Sauger, 150, Oaford-street ; Hawkins, Bond-
street ; Harris, Ludgate.street ; and W. Pegg, 29, Dame-street,
Dublin.

APPROVED MEDICINES,
SOLD SY
Messrs. BUTLER, Chemists,
At their respective Establishments—MlßA PSIDE, Corner of St.
Paul's, London ; Sat:keine-street, Dublin ; and Princes-stteet,
Edinburgh ; and may be bad of the most respectable Dealers in
Patent Medicines in the Kingdom.
.A.O UTLEIC:, VEC:ETABLE TOOTH POWDER.--
This Dentifrice (composed of Vegetables, without the admix-
ture of any Mineral, or pernicious ingredient whatever) has so long
been in general use, and an appendage to the fashionable toilet, that
ie is unnecessary to offer any ,urther recommendation in favour of it.
In boxes, at 2s. 9d.

DR. jA Al ES'S ANALEPTIC PlLLS—are an excellent Al.
terative its Chronic Ihseades of the Stomach and Bowels, and are
applicable to Bilious and Dispeptic Affection., Gout, &c. They are
mild ht their operation, and require no restraint or confinement
during the use of them. lit Boxes, at 44. W. and 241.
HICKMAN'S PILLS FOR GRAVEL, STONE, &c.—'lbis
Medicine has been long approved fur the relief of affections of the
Kidneys and Bladder, which are attended with the formation of
Gravel, C..lculus, and those pains of the Back and Loins which ac-
company these affection.; and are found to succeed when most re.
medics of the kind have altogether failed. In boxes, :It 2s. 91 and 11s.
BUTLER'S CAJEPUT OPODELDOC— Used with much
success in cases of Rheumatism, Sprains, Bruises, Etc. Also an ex-
cellent application for Chilblains, by allaying the irritation. In Bot-
tles, at 1-. IN. and 21. 9d.
TO WE] tS' STO MAC II IC ESSENCE.—Probably the safest and
most certain Sedative and Antispasmodic ever presented to Public notice
and most effictual in Nervous Palpitations, Difficulty of Breathing, and
Hysteric %irections. In Bottles at 24. ¶M. 4s. 6d. and 11s.
BUTLER'S COMPOUND ESS:'NCE OF CU BEBS.—This
Preparation is recommended for those affections arising from diseases
of the Kidney., Bladder, &c. and that class of diseases generally in
which the use of the Cubebs bas been found so serviceable. In Bot-
tles, at 4s. Gd. Ss. 61 and 20s.
EDT!! Ell GILL'S TONIC PlLLS—Applicable to the Female
Constitution, and recommended as a safe and effectual remedy fur
strengthening the system ; also for producing regularity of action in
those functions which are impaired by Debility, &c. In Boxes, at
le. ltd. and 2s. 9d.
BUTLER'S PECTORA I. ELlXlR—strongly recommended in
Colds, 11414i,u5l Coughs, Asthmatic Affections, &c. In Bottles, at
Is, lid. and 2t. 9d.
TOWERS" lONIC PlLLS—These Stomachic Aperient Pills
have for mmy years received the most decisive marks of public ap-
proval. They are expressly designed to restore the tone and energy
of the Digestive Organs' and to remove and correct Indigestion,' bad
and defective Appetite, Depression of Spirits, Drowsiness, &c. In
Boles, 2s. 91 4s. 6d. and 1I s.
MARSHALL'S UNIVERSAL. CREATE., an excellent remedy
for broken Chilblains, Scalds, Burns, Wounds, and Ulcers of every
denomination, especially sore and ulcerated Leg's. In Boxes, Is. 101
sad 21. 9d.
N.B. The above Preparations, when genuine, will have the Name and
Address of Messrs. Boma attached w them. Particular attention
to this caution is requested.

C.►utdnsd in a Passphiet, pries 3s. 6d.
Proposals for parliamentary reform have from from time
to time been agitated. A motion was made in 1733, in
the House of Commons, for the repeal of the septennial act,
and for triennial parliaments; in 1745, a motion was made
fur annual parliaments ; in 1758 another motion was made,
fur shortening the duration of parliaments.
During the American war, the public attention was much
attracted to the discussion of Parliamentary Reform. The
Earl of Chatham expressed a strong conviction of its ne-
cessity, and sanctioned by his authority, the general outline
of a plan for carrying it into effect.
In 1781, Dlr. Pitt made his first motion in
Cor►mon4 on the subject, but without opening _
plan. In 1783, Mr. Pitt again moved certain resolutions,
the heads of which were: First, That the most effectual
and practicable means ought to be taken, for the better pre-
venting bribery and expenses in the election of members to
servo in Parliament."

Secondly, " That when boroughs should be convicted of
gross and notorious corruption, before a select committee, to
try the merits of any election, such borough should be
disfranchised, and the minority of voters not so dis-
franchised, should be entitled to vote for the county."
Thirdly, " That an addition of knights of the shire, and
representatives of the metropolis, should be added to the
state of representation."
These resolutions were negatived by 293 to 149.
In 1785, Mr. Pitt, then prime minister, introduced a di-
gested plan of reform. The leading objects of it were to
abolish, on the footing of pecuniary compensation, a num-
ber of the small and proprietary boroughs, where the own-
ers or majority of the electors, were willing to sell; and he
expected that the strong attraction of the accumulating fund
he proposed to establish, would overcome any reluctance to
barter existing rights in the abuses to be suppressed. By
this means a disposable fund, of at least one hundred mem-
bers, was to be obtained, of which a dividend was to be
distributed to the larger counties and the metropolis. It was
proposed, also, to give representatives to some of the most
populous towns; to which the claims of Leeds and Man-
chester seemed hardly to be disputed ; and to others, as the
assets from the fund of extinguished corruption, became
available.

Part of the plan was, to extend the right of voting for
counties to copyholders.
The next attempt was made in 1790, by Mr. Flood. The
plan of Mr. Flood was, to add one hundred new members
to the house, to be elected by the resident householders in
every county, introducing, as he computed, above 400,000
new electors, of the middling rank of the community, at
present nearly altogether unrepresented, so far as depends
on any right of voting enjoyed by themselves. Mr. Flood
did not make it part of his proposal, but he was willing to
concur in taking the 100 members trom the decayed small
boroughs.
Mr. Fox, it is well kuo n, considered Mr. Flood's
plan the very best that had been produced : it
certainly contains a general principle, worthy of being ap-
plied. But numerous as the House of Commons has be-
come, by the union with Ireland, the addition of one hun-
dred members of itself constitutes a sufficient objection to
Mr. Flood's plan, without a corresponding reduction of the
numbers of the House by the abolition of the proprietary
and decayed boroughs.
The next parliamentary discussion of Reform was upon
Mr. Grey's motion, in 1793. At the time when the peti-
tion already mentioned was presented, Mr. Grey stated no
specific plan of Reform, though his general views may be
collected from his very able speech. The shortening the
duration of Parliament to three years appears to have been
contemplated as making part of any Reform. Indeed,
whether the plan of triennial parliaments be at all desirable
or not, it must be preceded by other substantial amendments
in the system of our representation, and without them it
would be the greatest of all absurdities.
In April, 1821, Mr. Lambton brought forward a plan of
Reform. The leading objects of it were, without touching
the representation of the counties and universities, to abo-
lish altogether the right of returning members by cities,
boroughs, cinque ports, &c. and to transfer the right of re-
turning the members obtained by the abolition of the
boroughs to certain districts, into which the county was to
be formed, in the rate of 25,000 inhabitants to each, giving
an average of 2,500 electors, by whom one member was to
be chosen. The elections were to be conducted at the head
place of the district, by a poll, which might continue, not
exceeding six days, with a provision for taking the votes by
eh.ircliwardens, or other officers, in case of residence above
five miles from the place of election.
Mr. Lambton embodied his plan in a Bill, consisting ofl
three parts ; the first as to the division of the county into
districts, each returning one member ; the second, adding
leaseholders of beneficial leases for certain terms, and copy-
holders, to the electors for counties ; the third, for repeal-
ing the Septennial Act, and limiting the duration of Parlia-
ment to three years. The plan contains many useful sug-
gestions, the principle of which might be advantageously
applied in the machinery of arrangements different from
those which the f; amer proposed.
In 1822, in 1823, and 1826, Lord John Russell intro-
diiced the subject of Reform, and stated some general views.
The principal changes he appears to have contemplated
were, to add sixty members to the counties, and to ap, ro-
priate forty for the great towns unrepresented, and this
hundred members were to be obtained by reducing a cor-
re-ponding number of small boroughs to one member each.
Lord John Russell intimated his willingness to admit the
iqinciple of pecuniary compensation to the boroughs, which!
by his proposal, might be deprived of the right of returning
members.

The most important point in the consideration of Reform,
is the mode of dealing with the nominal and decayed bo-
roughs, or close corporations. The middle course has been
suggested, of reducing the representation of them to one
member, without entirely taking away the right of election.
1 f there is any thing certain in the history of the repre-
sentative branch of the constitution, it is, that representation
and burden had an intimate connection. It is manifest, from
the 7th Henry IV. c. 15, that the election of counti►.s was
by the inhabitants generally; the qualification of 41)s. re-
quired by Bth Henry VI. c. 7, is a proof that no qualification
existed before. The complaint of " elections being made
by very great outrages, and excessive numbers of people
dwelling within the same counties of England, of which

. •
In the boroughs, there is not the smallest ground to sup-1
pose that the choosing of members had any connection with
corporate rights. The elective franchise is enjoyed by many
towns wherein there never was any corporation, or where ,
incorporation is known to be modern. The researches of
Prynne crave no doubt upon this subject. And Doctor
Brady's laboured argument, that the word communities'
(often applied to counties and to the kingdom at large) meant
tit select body, has not convinced intelligent antiquarians...
It appears, therefore, to be indispensable to the just ar-
rangement of the representation, that the portion of it
usurped by the close corporations, and by nominal and de.
cayed boroughs, should be withdrawn, or greatly contracted ;
and distributed among the great towns unrepresented, or in
some other mode of returning members, by districts, or by
addition to the counties, as shall ultimately be deemed most
advisable.

The House of Commons, from its first establishment till
almost the present day, has fluctuated prodigiously. The
numbers called in the time of Edward I. are known. In the
reign of Henry VI. Fortescue states the numbers of the
House of Commons to be three hundred. From the care-
lessness, fraud, or corruption of sheriffs, the numbers of
towns to which the parliamentary writ was sent varied in
every county. Of this Brady gives numberless instances.
The number of members for places restored or created, in-
cluding Wales, from Henry VIII. to Charles IL amounts to
two hundred and fifteen. There are also above sixty places,
which are known to have sent members at different timest
but where the right has ceased. It is very probable tha
many others might be discovered, if the parliamentary re-
turns wers completed.
It has been stated, and never denied, and the fact, at all
events, is capable of proof, that there are places—
Where the election is purely nominal ...
Where the electors are under fifty ... 46
Where the electors do not exceed one hundred ... 18
Where they do not exceed two hundred • • 26

-....
123

That is, two hundred and fifty members of the House of
Commons are brought in without any election at all, or by
an election partaking as little of the true character of a po-
pular representation as direct nomination by a proprietor,
and in many respects more pernicious.
On what ground, then, ought we to hesitate to abolish
the whole, or a large proportion of these boroughs, or elec-
tions by close corporation, in order to transfer the right to
the people, in some new arrangement of real representation ?
There can be none but the private interest of the proprietors
of boroughs, and the select body of the close corporations,
having a right to choose the members.
Mr. Hume, in the idea of a perfect Commonwealth, ob-
serves, " The chief alterations that could be made on the
British Government, in order to bring it to the most perfect
model of a limited monarchy, seem to be the following ;
First, the plan of Cromwell's Parliament ought to be re-
stored, by making the representation equal ; and by allow-
ing none to vote in the county elections who possess not a
property of 2001. value.
The constitution of Cromwell's Parliament ought to be
judged on its merits, and it is worthy of being cited as an
example. The temporary interests, or circumstances, that
might have rendered its adoption unwise, in 1660, no longer

operate.
But we must expect to hear the hackneyed exclamation,
What ! will you disturb vested interests! Will you deprive
men of their elective franchises, not in solitary instances,
but by divisions and districts, and universal sweeping de-
scriptions ? Will yon disfranchise, like Cromwell, one hun-
dred boroughs at once, without crime proved or alleged ?
Where, then, would be the security for property? Where
for liberty ? for chartered rights ?
But on this occasion the lawyers, who seek to hinder the
people from entering into the possession of their rights, will
not succeed. The usurpation of the right of choosing mem-
bers which has prevailed in many nominal and decayed bo-
roughs, is fraudulent. That which claims to be respected
as property is abuse ; the rights of election, which must not
be invaded, are usurpations without a colour of title.

It seems surprising, indeed, that those who set up the
pretence of a virtual constructive representation, to recon-
cile men to the privation of a real representation, do not see
that, if their argument is good for anything, it ought to si-
lence the complaints of a few petty electors who may lose
the privilege of venality. If Leeds, and Manchester, and
Birmingham, ought to be content with mere virtual repre-
sentation, what mighty injustice would be done to Bramber,
or Steyning, or Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in being
turned over to the benefits of virtual representation ? But,
at the worst, they will have a share in common with the
rest of the community, and what pretence is there to allow
them more ?

It will be seen, from the composition of Cromwell's par-
liament, that be reduced a great number of boroughs or towns
to the right of returning only one member. Of these there
are eighty-three, all of which were revived, with other abuses,
at the restoration.

Cromwell also struck off about a hundred and four small
boroughs. They are the very same which, to this day, con-
tinue the disgrace of our representation, and are what
even Mr. Burke calls the " shameful parts of the Cons-
titution."

These alterations would afford a very considerable number
'o( members to be distributed among the populous towns not
now represented, and would enable the legislature to add
two members, or, at least, one each, to the more populous
counties.

I must confess, that it appears to me a thing purely arbi-
trary, that each place, or county, should choose two mem-
bers. What sense or reason is there, that Rutland should
have two, because Lancashire has two? or that St. Albans
should send as many representatives as Bristol or Liver-1
pool ? The object of representation would be as effectually
attained by one representative as by two, provided there were
a fair distribution. It is not the absolute number, but the
relative number and weight, that is important.
The Welch counties and boroughs return only one mem-
ber. There are instances of English boroughs, as Abingdon
and Higham Ferraro, that send only one each.
By abolition and reduction, I calculate that from two

hnedred to two hundred
to ,be returned by places
presented. In 1654, an
and ninety disposable
and reduction, part of
and towns not before represented.
With respect to the qualification
under the description of .
of amount of rated annual
opinion may be anticipated.
too high, and ten pounds
value ought not to be the
It appears to me that
governed by other circumstm
qualification superseded -
It will be observed,
in 1654, the right of
seised or possessed of real _
of twohuudred pounds.
The Instrument of Government, so far as regard the
composition of the House of Commons, is nearly the same
with the scheme presented to the house by Fairftx, and the
I council of officers in 1648. In the latter, whic'a is under-
stood to have been drawn up by Ireton, who was a I twyer ;
the qualification proposed for electors is as follows :—" That
I the electors in every division (that is counties or towim,
; &c.) shall he natives or denizens of England ; not persons
receiving alms, but such as are assessed ordinarily to the
relief of the poor ; not servants to, or receiving wages from,
any particular person." This seems preferable to Crom-
well's qualifications, because it affords a test and a practical
dvidence of the right; while the Instrument of Government
does not show how the vote., claiming in virtue of two hun-
dred pounds property, is to be mace, mined. The qualification
in froth. when applied, would probably give nearly the same
class of persons, inhabitant householders paying taxes.
In all the measures of detail, which the proposed changes
require, I am confident there will be no insuperable practical
ditiiculty. iii America, contribution to the public taxes is
the prevailing qualification to vote, and there can be no im
imssibility in bringing into use here, principles and contri
vanes which have been found practically useful by the expe-
rience of other countries.

To many, I am aware, it might seem more eligible to
abolish, not merely the various qualifications of electors, but
to abolish all election by cities and towns, substituting a
division of the country into districts, as nearly equal as pos-
sible, that should choose members in the way proposed. I
do not know that there is, in theory, any objection to such
a scheme. In fact, that mode of election is best which
most peaceably and most faithfully obtains the result of the
public choice, providing, always, that neither wealth nor po-
verty shall predominate.
_ _ _

I ain aware, that the proposal to alter 'the mode of elec-
tion, particularly by introducing the ballot, is the subject of
great difference of opinion, even among personsivell inclined
to a parliamentary reform. I cannot help thinking that this
aversion, to election by ballot, arises from prejudices which
will yield to reflection.
There seems to me no part of our positive insftutions
more deficient than those which 'elate to machinery of eh c-
tions. It is not to be wondered that, in rude times, no at-
tempt should have been made to obtain the expression of
the general will, by any contrivance fitted to combine per-
fect tranquillity with a faithful expression of that will by the
greatest 'leathers. The simple chirotuniu is the expedient
of the tnost rude times;and thttitarliest 4ge of society. It
was soon discovered, 1'01:m4.1-abet such a mode of ascertain-
ing :he majority was !.iardls compatible with the public puttee.
In the progn as of civilization, some specks of ballot was
adopted by all the popular •,,euvernmenis of antiquity. The bean,
or the pebble, ur the dhell, and other contrivances of the
same kind, have given tames to the votes, decrees, and re-
solutions of populate assemblies.
I am convinced, that the ballot is the most effectual con.
trivance, to render extended and popular rights compatible
with the peace of society. The apprt h.msion of what is
called universal suffrage, appears to me to have arisen from
the awkward and ill-combined arrangements which have hi-
therto been provided for the practical exercise of popular
ekction. In America the election by ballot prevails, and in
meet M. the States there is nu qualification for electors at all
but the not being paupers, and residence, and payment for
a fixed tel in—a year, or half A year—of the public taxes,
where the party claims to vote. In those of the States which
have retained, or established, a qualification of property, that
qualification is little inure than nominal. In lassachusets,
there is required e. qt alificatiod of a freehold of 31. a-year, or
propel ty to the value of 601. and 'this appears to be the
highest a all.

The ballot would have the effect, ;n a considerable degree,
to prevent gross briber)• and corruption, by rendeting the
traffic hazardous and unproductive. But 1 anticipate nosmall
advantage from the absence of melee ioflueuce, destroying all
freedom or action and choice iu the voter, and which, wherever
it is imposed, must excite in the mind the bitter consciousness
of a degraded slavery. Better far to hare no vote at all, than to
be compelled to use it at the pleasure of a master. Whet
is it to be a slave, but to be compelled to use the powers,
and gifts, and advantages which Gun has given us, at an •
other's
lhe general and public expense of the election, whatever
it :s, ought to be paid out of the public purse. There is no
more reason why the candidates should pay the public
charges of the election, than that the particular suitors
should pay th►e expenses of the judges on the circuit. 'file
laws which have been passed, throwing the expense of bust-
ings and other charges un candidates, prove that all sense of
the true principle of representation had perished out of the
minds of our legislators.
Indeed, it might admit of some discussion, whether the
old law, of allowing suitable wages to members of the House
of Commons, ought nut to be revived and enforced ; fur it
has ❑ever been formally abrogated. Possibly, this may not
seem agreeable to modern 'manners and prejudices—so much
the worse. All experieuce shows, that there is a moral us-
scsiati►,u between service and remuneration. It is a prin-
ciple that pervades the whole law of England. The obliga-
tion to perform any thing for another, must be founded on
some consideration, or equivalent.
Parliamentary Reform, if postponed for a time; will ulti-
mately be carried. Let those, who think they defend the
institutions of their country, by defending notorious, de-
tected, undeniable abuses, reflect before they commit them-
selves too far in irreconcilable hostility to reform.
What has been the great and operating cause of the con-
vulsions of states and empires ? Has it not been the har-
dened obduracy, that would acknowledge no fault, the in-
difference that would provide no remedy, the blindness that
could see no danger, till the decree of fate appeared in the
hand-writing upon the wall ?
EXTRACT FK(1111 CIIOIIWELL'I3 INSISUDIENT OF
OOVERNMUNT, 1664.
IX.—That as well the next as all other successive parlia-
ments, shall be summoned and elected in manner hereafter
expressed ; that is to say, the persons to be chosen within
England, Wales, the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, and the
town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, to sit and serve in Parlia-
ment, shall be, and not exceed, four hundred. The persons
to be chosen within Scotland, to sit and serve in parliament,
shall be, and not exceed, thirty ; and the persons to be chosen
to sit in parliament fir Ireland shall be, and not exceed,
thirty.

persons to be elected, to sit in parliament
a time, for the several counties of England,
es, t Lles of Jersey and Guernsey, and the Town of
A•wick .4:on-Tweed, and all places within the same respec-
tively, saall be according to the proportions and numbers
hereafter expressed, that is to any—
Bedforrighire . . S Northamptonshire • •
Bed' rd Town • • 1. Peterborough .
Berkshire • • . S Northampton _
Abingdon • . . 1 Nottinghamshire
Reading . . . 1 Nottingham
Bockinahamshire . . S Northumberland .
Buckingniun Town . I I Nerwickeweastle•uPon-Tyne
-B .

A vitsbury • •
Wyc be • •
Cambridgeshire . •
Cambridge Town
Cambridge University
Isle of Ely •
Cheshire •
Chester
Cornwall •
Launceston
Truroe
Penryn . .
Eastlow and Westlow
f'ornberland •
i!arlisle
Derbyshire •
Derby Town:
Devonshire •

•

;
,

4 t

f

1

• •

. . 1

. 4

. 1
. . b

1 Oxfordshire
4 Oxford City
1 Oxford University .
1 Woodstock .
2 Rutlandshire
4 Shropshire
1 Shrewsbury
8 Bridporth
1 Ludlow
. 1
. 1

. . 11
Exeter . • • . 2
Plymouth . . • 2
Clifton, Dartmouth, and t 1
llardness . .
'rotes . . , 1
Barnstable . 1
Tiverton • . . I
Honiton . . . 1
Donets!** • 6
Dorchester • • • I
Wcymouth&Melcomb Regis 1
Lyme Regis • • I
Pool • • • • 1
Durham
City of Durham • • 1
Essex . • • • 13
Malden . • • 1
Colch niter . • • 2
Gloucestershire • • 5
Gloucester • • • 2
Tewksbury • • 1
Cirencester • • 1
Herefordshire • • 4
Hereford

Leominster • •
Hertfonlsbire
St. Albans • •
Hertford . .
Huntingdonshire
Huntingdon !. .
Kent • •
Canterbury t.
Rochester . .
Maidstone
Dover . .
sandwich .
Queenborough
Lancashire .
Preston • .
Lancaster •

LiverPoo 1
Manchester .

Leicestershire
Leicester _ .

____
Lincolnshire
Lincoln .
• Boston
Grantham
Stamford •
Great Grimsby

.
. 4
. . 2
. 1

Middlesex
London .
Westminster
Monmouthshire

Stafibrdshire . . S
Litchfield • • 1
Stafford
_. _
.. . 1

Sontersetshire • •
Bristol . . •
Taunton • . .
Bath • • •
Welb • • •
Bridgewater • .
Southamptonshire •
Winchester . .
Southampton • •
Portsmouth . .
Isle of Wight . .
Andover • • •
Suffolk . • •

_.
Ipswich . • •
Bury St. Edmunds
Dunwich •
•
Sudbury . •

• Surrey • •
Southwark •
Guildford •
Ryegate

Chichester .
Lewes •
Ram Grinstead
Arundel .
Rye
Westmoreland
Warwickshire

Coventry . •
'Marwick

Warw..
Wiltshire
New Sarum •
Marlborough •
Devizes • •
Worcestershire
Worcester
Yorkshire.
West Riding
East Riding
North Riding
City of York

. . . .

. .

. . .

. .

EMBERS TO CROM
1664.

Sussex:
Bramber
Horsham
hl idhurst
New Shoreham
Steyn tag
Viestmorelaatl :
Appleby
Wiltshhe
Caine

Downton
Orest Bedwin •
Heytesbury
Hindon
Ludgershall
Mahnesbury
Old Scum
Westbury
Wilton
Woeton Bassett
Worcestershire
Droitwich
Evesham
Bewdley
Yorkshire :
Aldborough
Boroughbridge
Heydon
Mahon
NorthaUerton
Knareaborough ;
Pontefract
Rippon
Think
Cinque Ports
Hastings
H}tbe
New Romney
Seaford
Wincbelsea.

Prima* Neisiteur qf Thursday.
•TbS iiasWeliad bf M priesmA his sees, by Marshal Gerard,
Genoa egi ward rimiesi Mon, went at half-past nine
o'clock** the Cesetted, IS Relay twelve battalions of the Na-
dia** gull of basis anti Ase barbs, two detachments of the 'line,
several Seessiewiwee of the cavalry ef the National Guard, and of the
wnless. The Mos Minted the Yawing address to the troops which
bed dead beim him s-
-11T Deal Conzawns—Always faithful to France, always devoted
te my coon*, it is for her—it is alone for her interest--that I have
the Throne, to which I have been called by the voice of the
Vtudl shall guard loyally this honourable trust, to defend it
nst all our enemies, whoever they may be; to maintain our in-
e.a
ons, our lairs, our liberties; to sustain the nationality which
my French heart has suffered so much to behold so frequently fay j
in these late years. I shall defend it, no matterwho they mar
ittL:nho should dare to insult our glorious national colours, by attempt.
leg to oppose to them openly the white flag, or whether obsonew
attempts be made in the dark to re-hoist it, such as that whieithee
pew excited the just indignation of the public.
" Those who have made themselves liable to punishment are deli.
vend over to the hands of justice, and they will be punished In put.
mance of the rigour of the laws ' • but when that indignation ceases, the
manifestation of which, by disorders, and shameful devastations, of
which yesterday ha given such a sad spectacle to France and to Europe,
do not forget that neither liberty nor government is possible where public
order is not constantly maintained.
" Let us put an end to these agitations—let us deprive our enemies
of every pretext under which they dare to screen themselves, in order
that they may achieve their objects, to the detriment of France and of
our national cause.
" It is for the National Guard to second me in this patriotic under.
taking—it is to it that I entirely confide myself."
Prow the Cosulifistionsel of Thursday.
A considerable crowd went yesterday to Conflans, where the Arch-
bishop of Paris resides, but he was absent. Thanks to the assistance of
the National Guard of Charenton and the National Guard of Betey, the
project of burning the house, which appeared to have been formed, was
not executed, but his furniture and pictures were destroyed. The plate
and linen were saved by M. M ichel. Towards 7 o'clock crowds formed be-
fore the church Sainte Marguerite, and the mob loudly demanded that It
should be pulled down, and that a stone, which had at its angles Aura-
de-lis, should be broken to pieces. M. Jacquentin, Commissary of
Police of the Faubourg St. Antoine, gave orders to this eff,ct, and the
cross and the stone soon disappeared. A few minutes afterwards, in-
formation came that the Seminary of Picpus had been attacked and de-
livered up to pillage ; the same Commissary of Police went there im-
mediately with a large detachment of the National Guard, and succeeded
in clearing it of the mob, and in conducting to the Prefecture several
individuals upon whom were found stolen articles. Yesterday, at one
o'clock, by order of the authorities, scaffolding was put over the beauti-
ful arch of the Carousel; and workmen, with hatchets, destroyed the
bas-relief of the Trocadero, and the emblems of the victories of Duke
d'Angouleme. General Pajol, accompanied by his staff, was present.
From the Journal des Debate of Thursday.
One of the Colonels of the National Huard arrested and conducted,
by himself, to the Prefecture of Police, seven individuals, who had
assisted yesterday in disarming the two posts of the National Guard.
It appears certain, that whilst the National Guard of Berry, and of
the environs, was entering Paris to aid in the maintenance of order
and tranquillity, a considerable crowd of persona proceeded to the
country house of the Archbishop of Paris, at Conflana, and entirely
plundered it.
Front the Courrier Francois of Thursday.
L'Opinion gives the following news, which may afford an idea of the
state of feeling at Bordeaux r—Active searches were made yesterday.
We are assured that several individuals have been arrested belong-
ing to the working classes. Warrants have been issued against per-
sons who are known. Two young mcn yesterday incited to revolt
the workmen engaged at the Jardin Publique, by reproaching them
with working at twenty sous per day. They have been arrested, and
conducted:to prison by the Cannoniers of the National Guard. The
son of a sworn Magistrate presented himself the miter day in a shop,
having in his hat a white cockade. " Why do yon carry a white
cockade ?" said some one to him. " I have that which will protect
it," replied the other, and he drew a poignard from his pocket. The
Carlists in our city have adopted several rallying signs. The Chamber
of Peers met yesterday in Bureaux. It was thought there would have
been a public sitting, but none took place. ft is thought that the as-
semblage which had been formed in the garden of the Luxembourg, and
which war almost immediately dispersed by the National Guard, was
the cause of the adjournment of the chamber. Yeatet day, at 7 o'clock,
several individuals were arrested, upon whotn arm' were found. It was said
they were the same persons who attempted to disarm the pasts of the Na-
tional Guard of Petit Pont, and the Place St. Arklif rtes Arts. The guard
who seized upon their persons was commanded by M. &bonen, Chief
of the Legion. 111.1'Abbe Borequeau de Villevray, one of the Envoys
from the Belgian Congress, was insulted yesterday in the Rue do Bac,
whilst going forth from the hotel of the deputation. But as soon as the
people recognised his character by the cockade, and the aadonal colours
of Belgium, he was treated with respect and regard, which proved the
regret experienced at such a mistake.
Front the National of Thursday.
The Chamber of Deputies continues to be surrounded by numerous
detachments of troops. The precincts to the Palais Bouthou were
guarded to-day in a manner to snake the passage of carriages, and even
of pedestrians, difficult. We are ignorant, up to the present ii 10113.114
how far these precautions are necessary for dispersing the assemblage of
the curious. In all cases these military demunstratitata must appear a
little surprising, when it is recollected that they are destined to protect
a power which calls itself popular, an assembly which pretends to repre-
sent the country, a strange power, which puts an end to the railleries of
the press, and to the jokes. of lithography ; s strange power, to which the
students send back their eulogiums, and whose dignity cannot come to
the assistance of the bayonets.
arvoir 07 FILISONERS 1,01 DIRT IN lIT. PIL•11111.
At six o'clock on Tuesday evening a :union. war tread through the
prison of St. Pelagic that all Paris was in a state of Insurrection, mid the
debtors resolved to escape, its they hod done last July. Thy rushed in
disorder towards the entrance passage, and demanded their discharge in
the name of liberty. The gaoler replied that he could not comply with
their request, except by a written order from their creditors, or from the
Prefect of Police. " Liberty for ever ! No imprisonment tot t. ht !"
was their only answer ; anti as the gaoler was deaf to their cries, they an•
pounced a project to force the bars and doors. The authorities being ap-
prised of this revolt, a strong detachment of the National Guard was sent
to the spot. The sight of these citizen soldiers only increased the
uproar of the prisoners, who proceeded to break all the windows and
partitions and smaller bolts, with the fragments of which they renewed
their attack upon the doors, the outer one of which they at length split
and half demolished, when the Guards raised a counter barricade, and
pushed them back through the broken door at the point of the bayonet.
The prisoners then retreated up stairs to the windows, from which they
Sung all kinds of missiles, and at last two pistol-shuts were fired down
upon the soldiers, who replied by a discharge of blank cartridge, which
having no effect, they next fired with ball, and wounded some at the
prisoners. This had the effect of stopping the revolt during the
night. On Wednesday morning a reinforcement of 1510 soldiers of
the line arrived, and facilitated the egress of a great number of visitors,
men, women, and children, who were fumed by the tumult to pass the
night in the prison. A new agitation then broke out among the pes•
'toners, upon being informed that warrants for the revolt were issued
against 18 of them ; but the intervention and exhortations of 21. Chris. ,
tophe, the inspector-general of the prisons of the Seine, joined to the
firmness and moderation of M. Benoist, commissary of police, charged
with the execution of the warrants, after two hours of interference,
sesseeded In calming the tumult, and preventing the further use of the
awned force. At two o'clock in the day, the 17 accused rioters were
transferred to La Force; the 18th accused was obliged, on account of
his wounds, to be left in St. Pelagie.—Gasette des Ts ibussaus.
Front the Journal du Debate, Feb. 18.
The Instructions front Hulyrood arc full of information and of use.
ful lessons. They constitute a Supplement to the Ordonnances if
July. Ou the 25th of Jul) the attempt was made to snatch from us
our liberties by violence. To-day it is attempted to take them from us
by trick and perfidy. Let us defend them as in July. Let us " barri-
cade" ourselves against the cunning of our enemies as we then harries
doed ourselves against their cannon. Charles X. shows us what are his
resources and his hopes. We know upon what he calculates fur the re-
covery of his throne. We know the evil : shall we not know how to
apply to It the remedy, when that is so easy and so simple ?
e It is necessary," says Charles the Tenth, " to drive things in Paris
to Republicanism," and to-day it was announced that a republic was
to have been proclaimed, as had already been wished for, on the 22d of
December. We shell now know bow to conduct ourselves respecting
the Republic. It is one of the acts of the drums, which has been
played at St. Germain l'Auxerrois. The republican assemblages are
the van guard of the processions of legitimacy. " Cause it to he
believed," says Charles the Tenth, " that Louis Philippe regards
little the throne which he has been compelled to usurp, and that,
of necessity, be will ally himself with the coalition and legiti-
macy, when one or the other shall show itself in strength." Here we
recognise the source of an infamous calumny, which was beginning to
spread, and of which we we unable to explain the origin. We said
it yesterday; there were men of very good faith, who said in whispers,
that Henry the Fifth was about to re-appear ; that Louis Phillips was
about to smooth the way for him to the Throne • that the old and the
new court had concerted all between them beforehand. Whence origl.
nated this horrible imposture ? We could not guess it. It came fiom
lene. liolyrood. The instructions prove— it.
____

BFLOIUM.

FOIMAL IMIZCTION OF THE BELGIAN CROWN IT VILAWCIL
Fives du AVoniteur qf Friday, Feb. 18.
OFFICIAL PART.

Paws, Fin. 17.—To.day, at noon, the Deputation of the Madura
Congress of Belgium, repaired to the Nish Royal. Two of Ws Ma-
jesty's Aides.de-Camp received It at the top of the grand staircase, to
conduct it into the Brat saloon, where It was received by the Min of
Foreign Affairs, who conducted it into the presence ftmber, and his
Majesty received it sitting on the throne, baring on his right the Duke
