roofed the house of Mr. Shrewsboy, and destroyed r.
iiiarintliffe.. They then adjOurifed toiltiottt
tvilietit* agaireossembhsd.iipd cOmplettOse de.
molition of the chaff*. ;They then placitMerit Precis-
rhedbn, beaded "Great;. and .sigtial triumph 'over Mb'
1-thodlim."
venor nest day . published his Proclamation, offering a
thrrehapel,lannthdatthePlaPahifirght t
orierf thsellteMdintillsetedres. trecTetlecm of
Go-1
reward of 1.00L:-" toe-the apprehension of the rioters.—
The following` day they published a counter Proclama-
tion, containing the 'twit
frgross defiance of the law,
tao indmtpehraa a
estte:nirinyg.o4e
.anT
shouldbywarning all Me-1
come forward
hodist-Preschers to avoid the Island at their pail. Mr.
and conclude who
i
-Shrewsbury, having' information that they intended to'
hang him, escaped on board a small vessel with his
wife, to a state of pregnancy, and landed in St. Via-
sent's. He applied. to. the Governor, who told him, as
became under suspicious circumstances, he must be
considered as deprived of his clerical &tie; till be
mos -a Missionary to inquire into the circumstances;
but Mr. Reynale, whom he sent, was prevented
from landing, and the. Captain of the vessel was so
alarmed, that he removed from his moorings, and went
under the guns of the battery. The Officers of din
ship, however, collected nine testimonials of.persens
the very . highest respectability, witnessing the good
conductor blr. Shrewsbury ; and on the receipt of them
at St. Vincent's, the Governor gave Mr. Shrewsbury
permission to exercise his functions in any part .of his
Government. Twelve months after the same spirit still
prevailed at Barbadoes; and it was announced, in -al
public manner, that it was determined to celebrate the
anniversary of the destruction of the Chapel: and u in
the afternoon to pull down a house where Methodism
had again began to rear its horrid head." The Go.,
vernor, however, called oat the military, and _prevented
the intended outrage. From the latestinforniation, in
April last, the Methodists (who had been. with the
approbation of Earl Bathurst, sent out to rebuild the
Chapel) were prevented from landing, under a threat
tof being hanged ; and Lord Bathurst was denounced
as an enemy to Religion. Was such an outrage as this
to pass unnoticed ? He would not say unpunished
1 but he thought, at least, those who destroyed the Chapel,
1 should build it up again. The Barbadians had pulled
down Chapels from love to-Religion, and persecuted*
from Christian charity. Was a British born subject,
cheesed With no crime, to be hunted to death ? The
Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving—
" That this Hoyle, having taken Into their most useless confide.
radon the papers laid before them, relating to the demolition of the
Methodist Chapel in Barbadoes. and the expulsion of Mr. Shrews.
bury, a licensed teacher of Wigton, deemit their duty to declare.
that they view with the utmost amusement and detestation that
standalousand daring violation of law; sod that they beseech his
Majesty to take sash' steps as shall inure the Aeons:ruction of the
tiat the espouse of the colony Barbadoes; and to mare his
sty that this House will afford him every assistants which may
be required, in order to prevent the recurrence of sack outrage%
and in order to secure ample proleeffon aid' religions toleration to
Majesty's subject' in that part' e her &reddens"
Mr. WILMOT-HORTON admitted, that the details
if the case had been accurately stated by the Hon.
Member, and the view of the case he was disposed to
take was, that the transaction had arisen from an exist-
ing evil, namely, a state of slavery, which had been
over and over -again sanctioned by measures of that
Htfuse. Thin unfortunate occurrence had entirely sprung
from that dread for the security of property which was
founded on the ititation of the people. With respect
to Mr..Shreseibui-y. be was not disposed to, deny that the
testimonials hi t& favour were entirely *deserving of at-
tention; but the Morse should be infotmed, that within
alhort period after the arrival Of Mr:-Shrewsbury, he
sent home a letter to the Wesleyan Society, which letter
led to obseriations which subsequently made him un-
popular; and it was.iiif importance further to state. that
a subicription had been aitually raisedlo defray three-
fourths of the expense of rebuilding thechapel, and that
since that period Mr.Shrewsbury had been supported by
public cootributions. MeeStriewbury,besides,commiteed
an act which was Mainly irtitruhlental to the-violence
that'follosied. 'He put up in-the Commercial 'Rooms at
Barbados. the letter received from the Wesleyan Society.
Which was, in • feet, 'nab* but. a demoostration of
ttiainph,-and Measure -of defiant,. 'ln addition to
this, tfie ResolOtione of 'the Weelitin 'Sotiety were
celoulated to spread an nlaras for As security of pco-
tors! Fitaid it was the •Aute, not only of the-Home,
bet elan petions-cOnntieted with that .Sockty, .to do
ell they eifittlidicrYettiove thole-euspiciofit. The treat
ii'tteatefn was this...4llllllra the Mast of
comm,sm WhiCh had so long sanctioned slavery,
would do it away before the time bad arrived when a
proper stitistittAten:cOttfd'be'made? The Honourable
Metfaber bed sfilttdell'to certain prosecutions, which, it
vestAild, -tread betistituted by the Law Authorities
of the Colony : he could only say that no such prose-
cutions woad-Wm place without a previous consult-
ation with the Government at hotne. He begged leave
to refer to the testimony of the Rev: Mr. firie, who
*elated that he had 'made many applications to pro-
prietors and overseers to give ,the 'slaves religious in-
struotios; that his Ipplitarons had, without a single
exception, been favourably received ; and that in many
cases his Exertions had been seconded with greet ear-
l's:truss and veal by the Proptieton themselves. He
farther stated, that he knew many Proprietors who
read .proiers, 'and explained the Scriptures, to their
Slaves. So far, therefore, were the Proprietors from
being averse to the instruction of their slaves, that there
was every reason, to believe there was ngeneral feeling
am' of thetroprietors, in favour of the
andreliglout.iastraction.,of the negroes, whene'vg
aro riundostolseo by clergymen of she Established
thatch. He-admitted that outrages at Barbedoes had
teen committed !under the influence of a temporal'y
moral dementation, a feeling which.he trusted would
not lest, and which, he was sure was most likely to be disarmed
by adoptiqg measures of ooncWaaon.
Me. W. SMITH said, that the only charge against'
'Mr. Shrewsbury was the.obnoxioos letter alluded so.,
That letter, however, was never meant to cast any re-
flection an the white population, which had not been
thrown out by every pamphlet written on the West
Indies. The tract written by Sir George Rose bore
testimony to the services of the Wesleyan Missionaries.
He (Kr.Sroith) remembered that when some years
ago an attempt was made in Jamaica to put down the
Missionaries by refusing to license the Ministers, be
waited on the Government, who lent a ready ear to his
-statements, and the refusal to license was withdrawn.
'Such was the difference between Jamaica and Barba-
does. 'But Barbadoes was always talking of its own
consequence, and till that idea was removed, all conciliation would
'be in vain. He couchided by supporting the motion.
:dr. BUTTERWOR'rIi bore testimony to the high
character and respectability of Mr. Shrewsbury, and to
Abe good effects whicb'bad resulted froin the labour; o 1
Wesleyskilliesioaaries at Barbadoes. He was sorry'
to hear the Honourable Secretary observe that thetas
