LITERATURE.

The History and Topography of the United Slates, illustrated with
views. By John Howard Hinton,A.At. SIMPNDI AND lialtsmau..
When an Englishman views the pictorial representation
of buildings and objects of art which adorn a foreign coun-
try, he may feel his curiosity and taste gratified ; but that
Englishman who can view the plates which are to be found
in the work now before us, of architectural objects in the
United States, and not feel something more than a mere
gratification of taste and curiosity, must be either too igno-
rant or too apathetic to deserve much regard. Can he for-
get that the buildings he sees have been reared by the chil-
dren of adventurous fellow-countrymen —the most of whom
72ted not to disseminate cruelty and all kinds of uncha-
-I:ness, but to carry the blessings of Christianity into a
new world, and live in the enjoyment of those opinions which
their conscience emboldened them fearlessly to maintain.
Can he remember these facts—can he reflect that the Frank-
line, the Washingtons, the Jeffersons, and the Adams and
the Jacksons, are all in fact but Englishmen, born accidentally
out of the country—and not feel his heart glow with alt the
pride of self-congratulatory patriotism. And yet, strange to
say, England has been at war with America--may such
an unnatural civil war never be again the result of a bungling
state policy, for that policy must be false which sets brother
against brother.
The work which has suggested these remarks, is pub-
lishing in numbers at 34 ; each of which contains three well
executed engravings in steel of views and public buidings,
in the United States, and three sheets of letter-press.

The few numbers, which we have had an opportunity to
peruse, are principally historical. A general sketch is first
given of the discovery of America, and then a history of
the settlement of the different States. It is intended that
the work shall comprise the Political and Biographical His-
tory, Geography, Geology, Mineralogy, Zoology, and Bo-
tany, Agriculture, Manufactures and Commerce ; Lau h,
Manners, Customs, and Religions. As far as we can guess
by the specimens already published;Mr. Hinton is fully ade-
quate (to the execution of the literary parts of the under-
taking, and the artists employed appear likewise of a supe-
rior order. All the plates are not perhaps quite equal, hut
none are deficient of beauty. We recommend the work t•i
all who are inclined to sneer at our transatlantic• country-
men ; for if we mistake not, they will acknowledge that ar-
chitectural taste is displayed as much in the United Suites,
as even in the mother country.

A Statement of Facie, connected with the Present State of Slavery in
the British Sugar and Coffee Colonies. By JOHN GLADSTONE,
Esq. ii. BALDWIN AND CHADOCI.
Among the many interesting and important subjects
which are expected to come under consideration, and to be
fully discussed in the pre ent session of Parliament, per-
haps none wi►l command greater attention than the propo-
.,ition to abolish Slavery in our Sugar and Coffee Colonies,
so as not to destroy them. The emancipation is loudly called
fo;-, and under the influence of certain popular leaders, gio
reiigioua public have been greatly excited, it becomes
therefore a duty to examine into the true state and merni
of the question, and not to commit injustice while we a:e
removing a great and acknowledged evil. We must be al.
lowed to say, that nothing can be more repugnant to our
feelings, than the idea of property of man in man ; and
we think the error of habit is in the slave proprietors, and
not in those who cherish a state of free labour. He pro-
ceeds thus :

" Unfortunately," says the author, " they look at this question in
the abstract only ; they begin with the abhorrence of slavery, as op-
posed to a love of freedom existing in this favoured land ; they drag
their inferences against the first as repugnant to the laws of nature and
the habits of civilised life, whilst they are unacquainted with the negsu
character, and the state of society in these colonies; they treat the sub-
ject as if the question now were, whether, or not, slavery ought to be
one of choice, and not as a state of subordination which has existcsi
for so long a period of time, that in these colonies it has become itakr-
woven with their cultivation and existence ; that it has not only been
authorized and protected, but encouraged by acts of the British legit.
lature at various periods of Its existence, by which the planters have
acquired in their people the right of property ; property as effectually
sanctioned and secured to them by the law of the land as any freehold
estate in Great Britain can be to its owner,
" I think it must be admitted that in all countries situated within
the tropics, where society is formed of the aboriginal inhabitants, it
has been found existing either under a despotic form of government,
where slavery has ever prevailed in its worst forms and effects, or in a
state of savage life,--in both, the extreme beat and relaxing influence
of the climate produce in the Inhabitants a disposition to indolence and
an aversion to labour; there, nature yields in prolific abundance all
that Is required to provide for the common necessaries of life, with
little exertion on their part ; and, as compared with the state of the In-
habitants of colder climates, their wants are few, and almost confined
to food, with slight clothing, whilst they are either unacqualated with,
or do not desire to possess, the refinements and luxuries of Europe, or
of the colder climates of the East."
Good GOD ! is not this a reason why daily slavery under
the whip should not be imposed in such countries ? He
then adds—
"lt is well known, that the negroes will not work in the field
from choice. Such Is their aversion to out-door work, that it is un-
derstood no instance can Le found,:in thew colonies,of free negroes being
induced to labour in the field for hire : on the conttary, they submit,
in preference, to every privation, and are often so inconsiderate in
their general conduct, that when they an procure the means they pass
their time in idleness and dissi,litlon.
He then drives us upon BEET Hoerr by the following

statement : .• •
" Could free labour, sellielent for every branch of cultivation. be ob-
tabard fur hire, with a dependance opal its rostinuatice, it vicold be
decidedly for the interest of the photer to prefer it, for even though
the price might be high, it must be greatly so, before it could amount
to the heavy expense of the present system ; but, duce ezpoience has
shown, that no depsodauce can be placed on a regular supply, and that
when the canes were plated, people might not be found to reap them,
such a system would nriessarily be followed by the abandonment and
extincdon of cultivation,"
" I will proceed." says Mr. G. "to consider the ploposirinns that
have been made for artist's at the result. And, first, it has been pro-
posed that all the chWen born in slavery should be tree after a
given eerly period. nh leads to the inquiry bow such a measure is
to be carried into effect r'
To IA bich we briefly reply, " where there is a will there
is a way." If adopted, and the children properly educated,
they will make free labourers, just like the natives of all
countries, if duly recompensed.
" It is also," says Mr. G. " well deserving of consideration, whe-
ther the thus giving freedom to the children would not powerfully ex-
cite the minds and feelings of the adult staves. Would they not be
disposed to contepd, that their rights or claims to release were alike
strong with those of their children . Would not an impatient desire
of freedom be the inirnediate consequence ? And, being withheld,
would theyinot be induCed to endeavour to procure it by force and
insurrection ?
" Those who doubt the indispositimi to labour that forms so pro.
minest a feature in the negro character, I would refer to the experi-
ments that have been made, and the experience that has been gained.
from the measures adopted by the directioo of government : first, with
the American slaves, who were rousadtby our proclamations, to insur-
rection in the southern states during tbe• last wax, when massy of them
were in consequence taken off by our cruisers, and' sent to Trinidad
and the Bahamas, where they were granted their freedom ; and, next,
to those captured by our ships of war, in foreign 'fifth which
were engaged in an illegal tragic, and who were sent, some to
Antigua, and some to the Bahamas. In Trinidad every inducement
to Influence them to work, either on plantatiOns, as wood-cutters,
or otherwise, for their own undivided benefit, was offered to them in
vain. In Antigua and the Bahamas attempts were made to bind them
apprentices and rear them as tradesmen, which wee generally, equally
unsuccessful. The Government, in these Islands, is now obliged to
support them, and the greater part of their time is known to be passed
in idleness and profligacy."
On these points the public would seek very precise infor-
mation--Mr. G.-gives no details, and he is a partisan.
.4 I require it to be admitted, he says, that it is vain to expect, and
impossible to depend upon, the Wand free negro* in the field ; and
that without a certain and regular supply of labour, it is equally Im-
possible to cagy an the cultivation of these colonies which would in that
case be abandoned, and given over to the pommel= .of the nerves.
to the utter ruin of the proprietors, unless they be compensated by
the State."

-- ---
This appears to us to be the real difficulty. Our course has
been so vicious, that we have, it seems, a great debt to pay
in the West Indies as well as at the Bank of England ! The
proprietors ought not to be ruined, more than the merchants,
destroyed in the panic ought to have been rained—though
it was so I—This debt to justice and humanity he values at
some proportion of one hundred millions. If 50 millions of
3 per cents. would reconcile all interests, we are persuaded
the petitioners would themselves concede that sum, or
1,500,0001. per annum—viz half the duty on snuff and to-
bacco, rather than slavery should continue. Three millions
have signed petitions, and we are persuaded they would one
and all rather pay 10e. per iinnum, than suffer the continu-
ance of slavery. In this concession lies the whole question
—will the petitioners buy the freedom of the blacks of their
proprietors for 10s. each per annum ? We answer for them
—Yes ! And if they did not say vas, we should pronounce
them Pharisees and hypocrites
As friends to indemnity, while we demand emancipation,
Mr. G. will not be offended, if we advise him, in his loom
edition, to omit the following paragraph :—" I humbly con-
ceive, it is not for in to attempt to say when a system
slatiold terminate whitik ALMIGHTY GOD, id the divine
wisdom of his over-ruling providence, has seen fit so permit
iticertain climates, since the origin and forma-tion of society
in this world."
