AINGDOM OF HATTL •

MANIFESTO OF THE KING.

PUBLISIIF.D /lit 20 OCTOREIt, It t 4.
Sokereign of a nation too long opprussed, whish
has Altered the most cruel persecutions, and which,
by its energy, constancy, courage, and valour, has
succeeded in effecting its liberty and independence ;
our only end, our unceasing anxiety, hiss been, to give
to it a rank among civilized States, by consecrating
our labours to the happiness of a gt... 3, brave, and
generous people, which has entrusted .to us the care
of its destinies.

It is under favourable circumstances in which libe-
ral and dignified ideas appear to predominate over
thote.disastrous times when mankind groaned beneath
the most horrible tyranny, and under which we be-
hold she S.ivereigns of Europe solely engaged at pre-
sent In rendering their people happy, that we deem it
our duty to raise our voice, and to justify, at the tri-
bunal of nations, the legitimacy of our independence.
. ginple relation of facts, a plain narrative of the
eventSphich have produced our independence, will
be seffscient to demonstrate by the most s.ttistactory
evidence to the whole world our rights and the jus-
tice bf put cause.
We shall not attempt to depict the -deplorable
situation into which we were plunged before the
epoch of our emancipation. The world knows that
fur upwards of 1.50 years we were afflicted, by the
grievous yoke of slivery, condemned to contempt
and punishment. The recital of our protracted mis-
fo:tanes and the description of the horrible turturec
we have suffered during the colonial syton, are the
,:ecaliar province of our history, which will transmit
thorn to posterity. -
It is our earnest wish to pass over these times of
opprobrium and iniquity, and arrive at the era when
general liberty was proclaimed by the agents of the
rench Government, and sanctioned by France her-
self, during several years of connexion, of communi-
cation, and of mutual and uninterrupted correspon-
dence between the Onvernments of the two countries..
We were worthy of liberty, from our fidelity and
attachment to the mother-country ; we have proved
our gratitude to her, when reduced to our own re-
sources, inflexible to menaces, inaccessible to seduc.
don, deaf to proposition, we braved misery, famine,
and.,all kinds of privations, and • finally triumphed
over both her external and internal enemies. We
were then far from foreseeing, that twelve years after-
wardi, as a reward tor so much perseverance, so
man% sactiflces, 'and so much blood, France would
wish to deprive us, in'the most barbarous manner, of
the most prcriJus of all possessions—liberty.
Under the administration es" the Gore: 2or Gene-
ral Toussaint Louver Lute, Hayti rose from its as!)es,
and. every thing setmed to promise a happy futurity.
the arrival of General Hedonville changed the ap
• nee of things, and gave a death blow to publi!:
ti*uillity. Nke shall not enter into a detail of his
intrigues with the Haytian General Rikaud, Whom
he persuaded to revolt. ag Mist his legitimate Chief.
We shall merely notice, that Before this agent depar-
ted he disturbed every thing, by throwing amongst us
the brands of discord, and it was only after the flowing
torrents of blood that public tranquillity was Isl.
established. Always occupied in the restoration of
pace, Governor Touscaint Louverture, by his pat,.-t-
-r.al administt ation, bad recalled the reign of the 1 iws.
of morality, of piety, of learning, of industry. Agri-
Culture and commerce flourished.

• kle patronised the white cubit:lets, partintlarly the•
pla.ntets ; his 'solicitude, nay, his preference, had been
carried try such a height, that he was loudly blamed
)or beinß more attached to them than to his country.'
men. • This reproach was not wi:holit some tounda-
,tiva, for s•woe mouths before the arrival of the French
Ite•iserifieed his own nephew, General Moyse, be-
cause he had not observed his orders for the piotec.
tion of the .Colonists. This action of the Governor,
itud the great umede►:ce he placed in the French Go-
vernn►ent, were the principal causes of the public re-
sistance the French experienced at Hayti. Indeed,
so strong was his confluence in that Government that
he had dissnibs:d the greater part of the troops of the
line.

Such Was the situation of affairs whilst the peace
of Amiens wasnegociating. It was scarcely conclud-
ed when a powerful army landed on our coast, which
surprised us in a aliment of perfect security, and!
plunged us into an abyss of misfortunes. Posterity
a ill scaecely believe that in a philanthropic and en.,
lightened age so abominable an enterprise took place.
rom the bosom of an enlightened nation a °swarm of
l'barbarians went forth to destroy and load, with fetters'
4k whole civilised and unoffending people,
.44 wets notairougir w use force ; but the linter to
insure The success of the expedition, it was necessary
to use perfidious and s'nameful means. It was neces-
sary to sow division amongst us in order to CAUSC a
division favourable to their objects. They neglected
nothing to attain this execrable end. The Chiefs of
different colours who were in France, even the eons
of the Goyerww Toussaint Louverture, were brought
over in the expedition—even they were deceived, like
us, by that master-piece of perfidy, the Proclamation
of the First Consul, in which he You are all
equal and free before Clop and the Republic." This
was his declaration, while the instructions given to
General Leclerc positively enjoined the Imposition of
slavery. It was not enough to take men as witnesses
of his pyrjury, but the Dian( must also be insultA
by horrible blasphemy.
The greater part of the people, deceived by these
fallacious promises, and long accustomed to consider
themselves French, submitted without resistance. The
Governor so little expected to have an enemy to
oppose, that he had not even given any orders to
his Generals in case of an attack. On the appear-
ance of the French squadron in the east of the island,
if any Generals did resist, it was merely because
the hostile manner in which they were summoned
to surrender bad obliged them to consult only 'licit
duty, their houtour, and the circumstances in which

they were placed.—[To prove them assertions re-
ference is made to some official documents which are
annexed to the Manifesto.]
After a resistance of some months, the Governor
yielded to the pressing entreaties and to the formal
protestations of General Leclerc, that perfect liberty
should bz maintained, and that France would never
destroy her noblest work. On this basi► the peace
was negotiated with the French, and Governor Tous-
saint, having laid down his authority, quietly retired
to the retreat he had chosen.

The French had scarcely extended their dominion
over the whole island, more by cu:ming and persua-
sion than by force of arms, when they began to put
in execution. their horrible system of slavery and de-
struction. The better to accomplish their plans, a
correspondence was fabricated by Machiavelic and
mercenary scribes—designs were attributed to Tous-
saint which he had never thought of. While quietly
reposing in his habitation of -Pongaudin, under the
protection of solemn treaties, he was loaded with
chains..cooveyed to France with his family in a ves-
sel called the Hero, and ad Europe knows how he
terminated his unhappy cAreer, amk-ht the t-rt'ires
and horrors of the don;won of Chateau ,de Jim; in
Franche-Comte. Such reCoMpence teseivod
'for his .I,tachrhent to Frmce, and for the emiiient
sett ices which he'had rendered her sm.l the col ,nists.

From this moment the signal for arrests ►vets given
throughout the island. Ali those who had displayed
strength Qf mind,• erudition or sheer for talents at the
prriod when we claimed the sigh's of men. were the
first seised upon. • Even the traitors who had aided
the French armies by guiding their vanguards and
pointing out their fellow-citizens to rlii!ir vengeame,
were not spared. At first it wa6 attrinp:ed to sail
them in foreign colonies; but this not having sue-
ceeded, the French resolved to carry them to France,
where oppressive labour, the galleys, fetters, and dun-
geons awaited them. Then .the Colonists, whose
number had progressively increased, thinking their
empire already established, ceased to dissimulate,
openly declared that slavery was re-established, and
acted conformably with their declaration. These
shameless men desired, that those should again submit
to the yoke of slavery, who had distinguished them-
selves and been usetul to their country both in civil
and military capacitirs ; that virtuous and honoura-
hie Magistrates; that warriors covered with mounds,
whose blood had been spilled in the cause of France
and of liberty, should be degraded by again becoming
slaves.

' Thus these Colonists, who had but just obtained
possession of their estates, whose empire was held to-
gether by a thread, already decided Which should be
the first victims of their vengeance. Ticen arrived
the infamous decree ...f Bonaparte, which confirmed
,he re-establishment of our. slavety ; and the better to
insult our misery, he empl..yed t•iwards us the same
..ystem of illusion wh.eh he usually nude use of to.
wards the people of Europe. This deetee was
'sr,ught by a traitor called Hercules, a black officer,
who was the creature of Bonaparte. The proud and
liberticide faction of the Colouists, and sellers of hu-
man flesh, which since the Revolution has annoyed
every succeeding Government of France with plans,
pr jects, and atrocious and extravagant menvaials,
tending to our. dests uction—this factinc. tormeisted by
the recollection of the despotism vilii,:lt it exercised in
Hayti, agitated by a crowd of contending passi!ms,
employed all possible means to seize again on the
prey u hich bad escaped front its
Ur.der the reign of the Constituent Assembly, it
,upporteal independ.uce ; under that of the Jacobius,
sided u.th the Terrorists ; when Bonaparte governed,
it was violently Bonapartist ; and, in short, it put on
.he mask of all parties to fender them favourable.—
it was thus that it persuaded Bonaparze to undertake
.he unjust expedition against Hayti. It was the
.ame faction which, after persuading him into that
measure, furnished him with pecuniary resources, by
subscription lists, which were opened at this period.
It was this faction, in a word, which caused the blood
of our countrymen to flow so abundantly—which in-
stigated the unheard-of punishments which we have
felt, and which. could have been invented only by
Colonists, hardened in, and habituated to, all soft, of
crimes. It is to the Colonists that France owes the
loss of. a numerous army, which perished on :at
plains and MOttiltAinS of Hayti : to them is :sari-
bumble that shameful enterprize which has impi int-
ed an indelible stain on the French name.

We are persuaded, alter the cruel experience we
have had of the spirit which animates these ',.'oliinitsts
and traffickers in human flesh, and -their vile sup-
porters. that they will employ al their accustomed
rneat►s to engage the French► cebingt 4.1* mew clue:_
prise against us. If ever this enterprise should take
place—and that it will we can hardly believe—to this
the enemies of the human race, we should be
indebted for it ; for we are tar from imput;iig such
an intention to those Europeans who have ao,
:edge of the colonial system of which we hare been
the victims, tnd of the horrible misfortunes which we
have suffered. What interest lif.tl the French is oar.
lying the horrors of w.►r into the heart of a nation
which was proud of belonging co them ? What hue.
zest had they in coming 'o bury themselves in our de- •
structive climate, and in rendering themselves the
instruments of the Colonists, to satiate their thirst fur
aches and kir vengeance ? Nevertheless, the peaces*
part of the people began to take up aim to preserve
lite and liberty.
_

This first movement alarmed the French, and ap-
peared serious enough to General Leclerc, to require
tile convocation of all Extraordinary Assembly of the
colonists, in order to adopt measures the best adapt.
ed to restore a beaer state of affairs; but these Colo.
%lists, fir from relaxing their atr,citus pi inciples in
consequence of imperious circumstances, unanimously
answered in these words—" No slavery no colOny."
As Member of this Council, in vain We raised our
voice to prevent the completion of the ruin of our
country—in vain we made representations on the in.
justice of imposing slavery on fret roen—in vain, from

ovt vriedge .or, t ,spArtt, and love of Itherq which
"Int!' s44' our ceunteyenerit we asserted that it..oeis
the only memo of detaching this country for. ever
from France. All was useless.—eCoeirced then thee
no toeans of conciliation existed, andithat iteleal ne-
cessary to choose between slavery and an honourable
death, we gave infoirnithei of the state of thine to
our fellow. citizens who load.theie eyes fixed upeii us ;
and we all unanimoesly took up arms, resolved to die
onto expel for evre the tyrants from oereied. Gene-
ral Leclerc,wbo had already 'announced the submis-
sion of the island, and had even. received letters of
cengratulation on the supposed conquest of Hayti,
from the netritjtue towns di Foltice where the rho
cipal ~
folteivers of the Slave Trade onided, ashamed
of having !geld 'out illueory hopes, vexed at net hay-
ing been able to consummate this detestable enter-
prize, fearing the approach of a terrible. war, despair
shortened his deyseaud hertied him es his grave.
Among other crimes whith distinguished the admi-
nistration of General Leclerc, that practised against
• the Haytian General Nlaurepas will excite the indig-
nation of any heart susceptible of pity. Maurepas, of
gentle manners, honest and respected by his country-
men, who became one of the first among Frenchmen,
and who hid rendered them the most signal services,
was suddenly carried away to Port de Pax, and put
en board the Admiral's ship in the road of the Cape,
where, after having been tasteeed to the mast, two
old epaulets were placed i n derision upon his shoul.
ders, arid an old Generals hat put upen his head,
*ith nails; such as arc used in the budding of ships :
in this .frightful situatien, after having satiated the
sayage joy. of those canathals, he was precioireted
with-his wife and children into the waves. Such was
the punishment of this virtuous and unfOrtdnate soldier!
To the Goveinment of Leckie succeeded that of
Rochambeati. This monster, the agent of Bonaparte,.
was polluted by every species of crimes ; he spared
neither sex, infancy, eor old age ; he surpassed in
cruelty'the most refined villains in ancient or modern
times; the gibbet was raised every where, the drown-
ing and burning machines, and all kinds of punish-
:tend. were put in practice by his orders. He in-
vented a kind of machine where victittis of both
• Sexes; heaped ono upon another, were suffocated by
the vapour of sulphur. = In his senseless rage, he
event to the expense 'of brining a peck of blood-
hounds from Culla to this island ; they were brought
by a Frenchmen =need Noailles, of an illustrious
family, who, during the Revolution, was the first
who betrayed his benefactors ; and thus was the hu-
man race giver up to be. devoured by dogs ; and
these atem tls partook of the horrible propensities of
their masters. What then was our crime ? • What
did we do to deserve such a proscriptien? Is this
African origin teen to be a cause of
.eternal oppro-
bin ni to U 5 ? Is the colour of our skin to be for ever '
the seal of our 'reerobotion ?
In the spec of one nq twenty months, daring
which the Freioli ter:seinen:l our island, mese than
16,000 of our
.country meet eerished by the toteures
just descr:hed. The hareatitiessemnmitted upon the
J-Lytians by these modern conquerors have exceeded e
the crimes of Pizarre; of Come, or ossiviiiir, the first
devastators•orthe new world.. A:tet eh their efforts,
we have effected the expuletort of there oppressorcet
our territory.
To secure us for ever against the rettien of such
barbarities and uatieatel-of tri:bes, as well as against
perfidy and injustice, we resolved for ever to rid our-
selves of every kind of 4rireign dominion; and at-
emdingly, on the Ist of January, 1804, in a General
Assembly of the Representatives :4 the nation, the
independenceof Heyti was solemnly proclaimed ; and
• we scolt an oath to die free and independent, and
...never submit to any foreign Power.
Like other pearly, our first yeers were chequered
with errors and troubles ; like them we petook of the
ticiisitudminsepareble :rum revoltitiots. On our ad-
. iinewmeat to the'Threnre our firs; care was, to raise
ehe name and eignity of the Haytian people, con
• viaced that goed faith, fiankeess, and probity in all
transactions, respect for property and the rights of
men, could alone effect this object. Convinced that
laws constitute the happiness of men united in society',
our first objcct was to form a code of lases cnnallrni-
able to our usages, our chruatee and our manners.--
After a leboriOus attention, and with the assistance of
•the Austosery, we beet: been enlbled to put the
finishing stroke to this basis of social edifice.- Wir
have constantly encouraged
.agrieulture and come
3Derce, which are the channels of publit prosperity.—.
Abundant harvests have been the result of the labour
and efforts Of our cultivators. Great quantities of
provisions have been carried away from our ports
since We proclaimed our independence ; and particu-
larly during the years 1812, 1813, and 1814, by fo-
reign nations, which have carried on a lucrative com-
merce with us. •
Solicitous to adopt every means for reviving our
internal prosperity, at all times attentively observing'
the events that passed in Europe during the bloody
struggle supp ited there, we never for a single in-
stant lost sight of our military system of defence.
In that attitude we expected that Bonaparte, the
enemy of the world, would attack us, either by force
of aims or by eerridy, his accustomed means. We
have not forgot that after the Face of Amiens, his
first object was to enter on that farnous expedition for
our exterminethee-
' But the Gin of armies, who reises and overturnsl
thrones according to his will, did not in his justice
consent that this oppre. sor of netiens sitould accom-
plish his horril)le design. We hope that his fall will
give repose to the world—we hope that the return of
those liberal and reenirn ding sentiments which in-
floeace the Elroptan Powers, will induce tliernto ac-
knowledge the independence of a people who requite
only the enjoyment of peace and commerce, the ob-
ject of all civilized nations.
• It will be in vain to attempt again, by means of
force or seduction, to red ice us uneer a foreign die
minion. The absurd maxim of deceiving men, in
order to govern them, is hit longer dange ous
r to us.
Taught by experience, we liave acqiiired the aid of
truth, of reason, antrof t 1 roe. eVe shell no longer
be the victieas of credulity ; we cannot forget that at-
tempts have already be. n Made to take away our li-
betty. The paiaul recoils-term of the horrible pu-
nishments, which peecipiteted into the grave our to
the's, our mothers, and eltiedeen, will never be effaced
from our milolse
We cari never again be deceived : we know the
pelVersenefs'of our. enemies : we have before our eyes

the projects of those men named Maio:met, Barri de
Saint ,Venant, Pages and Bruiley, and other Coln.
nisei.. The political religion of those traffickers in,
it
httitsnn flesh—of those cotinsAlors of misfortunes—A
weilltnown to us :—it is rlarocro . and Astricriox. W
firOtot ignotant of the criminal plots, or the shaitse
I-u'l measures of those apostles of criminality and false'.
Nod ; they are even more distinguished by theirwri-
tings than by the torture:: they inflicted on us.
We. call upon all the Sovereigns of the wOrld--we
' call upon the brave and loyal British nation, which
was the first in its august Senate to proclaim The
abolition of the infamous-trade in blacks ; and which,
snaking a • noble use of the ascendatscy'of vict6ry,
notified its resoltption to tl.e other States with which
it ecricluded Treaties: we call upon all philanthro-
pists, upon all Inca, and upon the whole world, and
ask what people;alter twentv.five years of conflicts,
and after having conquered their liberty and their in.
deirer ticoce, would consent tr• lay down their arms
for the purpose of again I);:ciinring the sport and the
victims of their cruel oppressors? The last *of the
Haytians well then yield up his last sigh. sooner than
renounce his independence. We will not do any
Power the injustice of Supposing that it entertains
the chimerical project of establishing its sway in Hayti

by fore of arms.
The Power that would undertake such an ester
prize, would haveto march for a long time over ruin
and dead bodies. and after, having wasted nll its
means, if it could attain its object, what advantage
would-it &rive from the loss of so much blond and
treasure ? It is not presumptuous to suppose that his
ijesty, Louis VIII. following the impulse of that
philanthropic spirit that reigns in his family, that after
t..e example of his .nnfortunate brother, Louis XVI.
in his political conduct towards the United States of
America, will MK imitate that Monarch in acknow-
ledging the independence of Hayti. This would not
only be an actofjustice, but a reparation of the evils
I which we have suffered from the French Government.
It is in vain that our calumniators shall dare again
to allege that werhadd not bi considered as a people as-.
hiring to independence, and collectively employed in the means
of attaining it. This absurd assertion, invented by
perfidy, wickedness, and the sordid interests of slave
traders, deserves the profoundest contempt and indig-
nation olmen of property in all countries. This as-
sertion has been sufficiently falsified, during eleven
years of independence: andits happy results. Free
in point of right, and independent, in fact, we will
never renounce these blessings i we will never con-
sent to behind the destruction of that edifice which
we have cemented with our blood, until we are bu-
ried tinder its ruins.
We offer to coinmcr,:ial Powers, who shall enter
into telations with us, our friendship security to
their proPerty, and cur Royal protection to their
peat e.ible subjects, who shall come to our tountrY
with the
, intention of carrying on their comnierciil
affairs, and who shall conform to cur laws and usages.
The King of a free people, a soldier by habit, we
fcar no v.'ar or enemy. We have already 4iguified
(air deterinination net to intertcre by any means in
the intcroalgovernmera of our neigteiours. We with
to enjoy peace and tranquillity among ourselves, and
tta cep t ase same prerogatives which other people
lave, of making laws for themselves. F., after the
free exposition of our sentiments; arid the justice of
our cause, any Power should, contrary to the laws of
nations, place a hostile fort in our territory, then our
first ditty will be to repel such an act of aggression
by every means in our power.
We solemnly declar; that we will never consent to
any treaty, or any condition, that shall compromise
the honour, the litierty, and independence of this Hay.
aian people. Faithful to our oath, we will• rather
bury ourselves under the ruins of our vountry, than
suffer t•au political rights to sustain the slightest injury.
Givt.o in our Palace of Sans Souci, the 18th of
September, 1811, Eleventh Year of Indepen.
deuce. and the fourth of our Reign.
(Signed) HRNRY.
By the -King, the Secretary of State, Minister for
Foreign Affairs, Count de Liatonane.
• See Won't's Metnars respecdog St. Domingo.

THE EVENING STAR.

1.0 N DON.'

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1814.
PRICE OF :sTOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE U•e'l.ooK;
Reduced 6SO-4 Ter Cent. et II-5 per Cent. Navy shut
Lent-1m account 661—Ommum
Bank Anna. t63-Itiihs Bowls 16s. Os. pre.
Etchequer BEE par, us U. prem.

The above Manifesto, issued by the King of II
on the '2d of October, is highly interesting. We can
add, from good infurmation, that the preparations for
defence have been incessant, and that the troops are
numerous and well.disciplined. At the Cape there are
about 5000 infantry, and 1500 cavalty, with a very
good pal kof artillery. The whole of the regular mi-
litary esta!).ishmetit is calculated at 242,000.men,and
the Militia is said to COC4IAt of $3,000. or Henry.
or the citadel (1 Clitunorile, ii a stupendont wtvlci
and appears impregnable. It is scented-by iti extra-
ordinary elevation from any sudden attack its.for-
vficatioas are con.,tructed with great skill. and it is
amply provided with water within ; it is supplied with
provisions and ammunition for 6000 men for 9 years.
The failure of LECLERC will be a bagaielle to the
losses and miseries the French must endive, in now
endeavouring to ::cover #essession of St. Domingo.
The population is, "to ;a single man, united against

them,
The emantipt;on of thelaans of Africa from the
chains• of their white, but' cruel brethren, was be-
gun by England. May it never be retarded ! It
never will ; to the v. ice of 'humanity and jus
Lice needs but. to be flu rely prnclaimed by a groat
vople to he p•ndered • ultimately triumphant.—
By letters from the Wintiw.ird Coast of Africa,
dated October last, we have received the pleasing in-
telligente that great exertim:s Dave been made to sup-
press the slave trade. In particular, two vaisels
have been lately captured, containing 600 slaves, and
carried Into bic:ra Leon:. A number of the fag.
