NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Matta Aeon= Tins Das.—Dublin, 1 ; Waterford, 1; Hamburgb ,1.
Dem., Jan. 15.—Wind LS W.—Arrived his Netherlands Ma-
jesty's brig of war Echo, and remains, bound cm a cruise in the
LitanneL
Poalsaxisn, Jan. li.—Wind S.E.—Arrived his Majesty's ship
Sparrow, front a cruise.
FMAIOUTII, Jaw. 17.—Wind S.S.E to E.S.E.—Arrived the Spey,
Puna, from Bristol.
Burrito, Jatr. li.—Arrived the Fly, Sampson, from St. Anders.
Lsveatuoi, Jan. 17.—Arrived elf the port, the Chandler, Price,
from New Orleans; Java. Jellerson, from ditto and New York;
Commerce, Evans, from Seville ; St. Katharine, Nichols, from Bt.
Andero ; Amethyst, from Charkstoo ; Eagle, Barnes, from OaUlpolf ;
and Tiphys. Burnell, from Palermo.
HOLTHRAD, Jan. 111.--. Arrived of the pun, the Minerva, Metcalf,
from Bombay and &. Helena.
Coax, Jaw 13.--Wind E.S.E.—Arrived the Sylvia transport. Reed,
front Rio Jumbo—sailed 51st October; and Martha, Wilson, from
Savannah.
The Royal Edward, Heirloom front Prince Edward's Island to
Liverpool. was abandoned between St. Paul's and Cape Breton.
Arrived at Jamaica. the Rob Roy, —; Clarence, Morris ; Indus,
Burnell; Governor Hodgson, and Mount Golub.. from Halifax ;1
Martha, Dewar, and Esther, Nicholas, from Quebec; West Indian,
Simpson, and Margaret, from St. John's, N.B.
Arrived at Bengal, the Loire, and Jupiter, Paton, front
Names • Reporter, Auvel ; Johanna, hkeUer ; and )lacy, Dobson.
from the Mauritius.

Tun FAN CT.—The long-protracted battle, in which Neal
fought Young Dutch Sam-2201. to 2001.—took place yes-
terday at Bumpetead, in the county of Essex. At thirty-
two minutes after three the men were brought the
scratch, ripe for action, and certainly it was impossible
to imagine men in better condition—they both looked ati
6110 as race-bosses ; but the symmetry of Sam's frame was
decidedly superior to that of Neal ; though lighter, he was
a shade taller, and there was an obvious superiority in
the length of his arms. Both looked serial', and the
most perfect good order prevailed. After a most scientific
display, Sam was proclaimed the victor, amidst the loudest
shouts, with few marks of punishment, while Neal's face
exhibited prominent marks of the talent of his spirited op-
ponent. The fight lasted exactly 62 minutes.

PLANS OP AMELIORATION AND REFORM.
The duties imposed on Ministers by the expectations of
the country, are so various and onerous, and affect so many
theories and interests, that the ensuing sitting of Perlis-
men t may be expected to be a long and a busy one. The
ameliorations and measures which the public expect, and
which are sought by direct petitions, or expressed by the
cheered sentiments of public speakers, may be comprised,
according to an intelligent correspondent, in the following
propositions:
1. The adoption of a plan of Parliamentary Worn, in
which nearly equal proportions of householders shall return
one member to Parliament, by ballot. Of course, all rotten
boroughs, and places of inadequate population, are to be
disfranchised.
2. A property tax, including funds and mortgages, sub-
stituted for the malt and hop duties, and the assessed taxes
on houses rated below 301. a year, or lees than twelve
windows.

3. Some modification of the duties on newspapers and
advertisements, which would lave the effect of encreasing
the produce on both, as 2d. on papers and Is. 6d. on ad-
vertisements ; and a withdrawing of the trifling vexations
pamphlet duty.
4. An increased rate of assessments on large farms, a
remission of taxes on new farm-houses for seven years, and
a power of mortgaging them without stamps.
5. A repeal of the Select Vestry Bill.
6 A total alteration of the Game laws.
7. The management and appointment of the new police
to be vested in the parishes.
8. Cottages, with garden ground, to be erected for road
labourers, at every mile-stone on the 30,000 miles of our
turnpike roads.
9. A distinct and more liberal provision for the poor above
65, averaging only about ten or twelve in every parish.
10. A power to be given to landlords to purchase the
tithes, and the produce to be vested in the funds for the be-
nefit of the clergy.
11. A committee to revise the pension lists.
12. A committee to investigate salaries and perquisites in
public boards, and modify remuneration according to service
and labour.

13. A bill to relieve persons who hare been rendered in-
solvent by the changes in the monetary system, and by the
panic.
14. A general debtor and creditor law, to enable a cer-
tain majority of bona fide creditors to accept the proposals
of debtors, and release them from proceedings of the mino-
rity. Bankruptcy only to be resorted to when the majority
do not assent.

15. An extension of the power of holding to bail, for less
than 1001. and bail in no case to cover more than 101. costs.
16. A committee to enquire into the injury suffered in
particular branches of trade, by the free trade system, with a
view to remedies.

17. A bill to indemnify artisans and labourers, for a
limited time, for injuries sustained by the introduction of
machinery.
18. Country bankers to be allowed to issue one and two
pound notes, on giving bonds, or other securities, for the
amount of stamps taken from the Stamp-office, and the se-
curities to be assignable by printed form, without stamps.
19. County Courts to be established for the decision of
all minor questions relative to debts or property.
20. The East and West India questions, the corn laws,
sad the proposed dissolution of the Union with Ireland, will,
course, lead to prolonged debates, in successive Sessions.
21. A power conceded of growing tobacco in the United
Iriegions, subject to a duty per acre or rood.
22. The coal-tax to be abated, and coals sold in and meet
London by weight.
23. Bills of exchange, and promissory notes, to express the
nature of the value received, or be invalid ; and when falsely
stated, to subject the parties to penalties in double the
amount.

24. A commission to enquire into cases of crown debtors.
ith a view to their relief.
25. A bill to abolish impressment by a register of 111141011 ft
for the Royal navy to be adopted ; entitling the men regis-
tered to certain increased advantages every 7 years, with
liability to serve when called epon.
26. A Bill to enable magistrates to nominate three moo
ters and three workmen, to adjust for six montbs,any disputes
about wages, or prices of any labour, within 19 miles of
the place of adjustment.
27. A Bill to prevent transported convicts for limited
terms being sent beyond the Equator.
28. A bill for relieving dissenters, and non-conformists,
from the payment of Church rates and Easter dues.
29. A bill to regulate the discipline on board merchant's

ships.
30. The abolition of flogging in army and nary.
31. An alteration of the laws to make real estates uni-

venally liable for personal debts.
32. An appropriation of parts of the waste lands for do-
mestic colonization to the extent of half a million of acres;
and the sale of another half million, to provide the colonists
with capital.
33. A committee to inquire into the infliction and execu-
tion of the penal laws, with a view to limit the unlimited
discretion of legal tribunals.
34. A bill to throw open corporations to the inhabitant
householders at large, of cities and boroughs.
35. A bill for the gradual extinction of colonial slavery
within a term to be fixed.
36. A Bill to prevent the punishment of death, except for
murder or arson.—On some of these points, Ministers are,
we are assured, prepared to submit measures to Parliament ;
on others, some of them have written and spoken on sundry
occasions, while public spirited members are prepared to
submit others for consideration and adoption. We give no
opinion, but submit them as they have reached us from an
eminent public character.

When the late Mr. Huskisson met with the dreadful acci-
dent which caused his deatb, he was in such an exhausted
state, from first to last, as to be unable to undergo amputa-
tion of the shattered limb, without the imminent hazard of
dying under the hands of the operator ; a truly painful re-
sult to the character of any surgeon, and which few men
would willingly run the risk of. The experiment of ampu-
tation, supposing that the patient had survived the imme-
diate shock of the operation, would have added but little to
the chances of ultimate recovery ; and, at best, could only
have been considered as a forlorn hope, in the midst of dif-
ficulty and imminent peril. It is rather a remarkable coin-
cidence, that the brother of Mr. Huskisson, now a General
Officer, when proceeding to join his regiment, (the 51st)
then in India, in the year 1799, bad the misfortune to shat-
ter his band so severely, by the bursting of an overcharged
gun, fired at an albatross, that the sea surgeon proposed
immediate: amputation of the limb, as the only alternative to
save his life. A military surgeon, who happened to be a
passenger in the ship, opposed this measure. The matter
was referred to the commander of the ship, who thought it
his duty instanter, to call for farther advice from another In-
diem= then in sight. A surgeon, in consequence, came
on board, by signal, and on examination of the wound,
being of opinion that amputation was not called for, the limb
was therefore saved. The General is still alive.

PROGRESS OF INCENDIARY
FIRES.

On Sunday morning' last, the quiet village of Aost (net
the Old Passage) was thrown into a state of great ahrin and
confusion by a cry of fire ; wbrn it was discovered that five
ricks in Mrs. Alway's farm-yard bud been maliciously set on
fire. Between the hours of six ind nine o'clock the burning
was tremendous. One bean stack was soon burnt to the
ground, and the adjoining oat and barley mows followed ;
but though the two hay mows received much injury, and a
great quantity of hay was necessarily lost, yet much of the
hay is saved. It is a pleasure to record the very prompt as-
sistance which the yeomen and inhabitants rendered on this
trying occasion. Regardless of foddering or milking their
cattle, masters and servants lent a ready hand to extinguish
the fire; even the women willingly offered their services ; and
at an early hour, almost the whole village had assembled to-
gether, as indefatigable labourers. A reward of 5001.
has been offered for the discovery of the person or persons
concerned in this affair.—Felix Farley

On Monday the Logwood Mills of Messrs. Olive and Mat-
thews (late Ames, Gadd, and Co.) situate at Stanton Drew,
were discovered to be on fire about three o'clock in the
morning, when the machinery, building, and almost all the
stock were destroyed. No suspicion exists of design.
Saturday night last three stacks, value 5001. were bet of
fire and entirely consumed, on the farm of J. Farquharson,
Esq. at Langton, Dorset.
Monday morning a stable was burnt down at OwreZloigne,
Dorset, and four fine horses, the property of Mr.Whetham,
fell a prey to the times, as did also the furniture of an ad-
. .

joining cottage.
On the same night a great qnantity of agricultural pro-
perty was set on fire and consumed, at Vimborne.
A rick, contlining seventy quarters of oats, was de-
stroyed on the same evening, at Moretown, in the parish of
Great Canford, Dorset, the property of Mr. J. P. Hart.
A wheat stack, belonging to Mr. John Reaston, of Drif-
field, was consumed by fire on Monday night.

RISLEY, DERAYSIIIRL, JAW. 16.—Last night, between
11 and 12 o'clock, the farm-yard in the pariah of Ockbrook,
belonging to a respectable farmer and maltster of the name of
Walker, was discovered to be on fire. The flames rapidly

spread, and destroyed a wheat-stack containing aboul 10
quarters, and a bean-stack about 20, with a waggon and
hovel ; but owing to the exertions of a labouring man re-
siding on the premises, twisted by the inhabitants of Ock-
brook, &c. the live stock and buildings were but little
injured. There can be no doubt of this being wilfully done,
as I understand both Welker and other farmers in the neigh-
bourhood had received threatening letters from " Swing."
About half-past five o'clock, on the morning of the 13th
instant, it was discovered that a barn, belonging to Mr. Ben-
jamin Smith, of Hill-farm, Polstead, Suffolk, was on tile.
We regret to state that the barn, with 60 coombs of wheat,
a bullock shed, and several rods of haulm, were destroyed.
Mr. Smith had some stacks burned about six weeks ago, in
consequence of which be employed a man to watch the pre-
mises, who did not quit till five o'clock.—Essex Herald.
The Chester Chronicle of Friday says—" We have heard
of another fire at Tilstock, near Whitcburch, early on
Wednesday, by which a cottage and an adjoining shed were
destroyed,but have not heard the name of the owner or occu-
pier. Yesterday morning the driver of the early Shrews-
bury coach to this city brought intelligence that he saw two
fires, before day-light, between Newport and Whitchurch.
The driver of the coach which arrived in the afternoon, con-
firms the intelligence, and states that one of them was on
the premises of Mr. Whitfield, of Heath-lane, near Whit-
church.

Friday evening, about six o'clock, a large stack of straw,
from 30 to 40 loads of straw, was discovered to be on fire at
Slaysdale, about two miles from Driffield, on the Scarborough
road, belonging to Mr. Dixon, of Harpham. This is the
second stack that has been burned this week in the perish of
Driffield. The first, on Monday night, was completely de-
stroyed. Of the one on Friday evening, through greet ex-
ertion, half was saved. Both are, no doubt, the acts of an
incendiary, as they stood in fields unconnected with any
dwelling, and had lately been thrashed by machines.—
Hell Rockingham.
ONE OF TIIE FIRES IN KENT.—A very curious inves-
tigation has, during the last week, been going on at Chat-
ham, into the circumstances of the fire which broke out

and consumed the Queen's Head public-house at North-
fleet, about six weeks since, during the period that the
fires were raging in all directions of Kent. It appears that
the landlord, who bad not long insured previous to the fire,
in the Kent Fire-Office, went to the Continent immediately
after. Suspicion, in his absence, was excited against him,
and some circumstances of a dubious nature in his conduct,
for a few days previous to the fire, being sworn to before the
Magistrates, they issued a warrant against him, which,
however, could not be executed until he returned to the
neighbourhood some days since. He was apprehended
and brought before the Magistrates, who adjourned the
examination until Monday night, at twelve o'clock, when
they determined on fully committing him to Maidstone gaol
for trial.
Ov LTON .- Monday, about seven o'clock in the evening,
a fire broke out in the farm yard of Mr. Tipple, of Oulton.
The premises are the property of the Rev. Pitman.
A little after most of the men had retired from work a man
in the stable said there was a strong smell of gunpowder ;
search being made a fire was soon perceived in • building
adjoining the stable. The horses were immediately
removed, and all the cattle driven out of the yard ; but not-
withstanding the exertions made, the stable, barn, and se.
veral of the sheds attached to the yard, were consumed. The
dwelling house, though near, was saved, and the corn stacks
were not injured. A threshing niathise bad b .en in we that
day in the barn. About four combs of'suckliig seed which
had been threshed by the machine, and two coombe of wheat
were consumed.

On Wednesday night, about eleven o'clock, some gentle-
men passing along Commercial-street, Leeds, observed
smoke issuing from the cellar of the promises belonging to
Messrs. Robert Bulman and Son, the upholsterers. Au
alarm was instantly given ; but it became evident that it
would be in vain to attempt saving the premises in which the
fire originated. The roofs of the adjoining houses, occu-
pied by Messrs. Bowes and Haley, hatters, and
Mr. Thomas Johnson, silk dyer, were both reached
by the devouring flames, which raged with undi-
minished fury till about half-past twelve, when the roof fill
in. It was shortly followed by the front of the building,
which being supported only by wooden pillars, gave way
and fell down all at once, followed by the side-walls, leaving
only the back wall etandiag. Such was the scorching heat of
the flames that the premises opposite occupied by Mr. Muff
and Miss Robinson, were much injured externally. The da-
mage to Messrs. Bulman's property is estimated at between
5,0001. and 6,0001. but their principal law, we are told, will
be that of their books and papers. The cause of the fire is
mere matter of conjecture. The clerk left all safe when be
locked op the building at half-put eight o'clock, and the only
way to account for k is, by an escape of gas, or a spark from
a candle in the he of a toy employed a shortiin►e in the
cellar.
