AMERIC4.

[PROM THE BALTIMORE REPUBLICAN.]
..et an engagement take place when it may, be-
Tit an American and English frigate, at least a
th of the crew of the former will be British de-
ers. True our officers have a standing order not
aiiist deserters, but the ease with which protections
obtained, and the pertinacity with which the men
im their nativity here, elude the vigilance and pre-
ition of the best recruting officers. The numbers
men and ships in the British service are upwards
50 times as great as those in the American set vice,
still it may be safely asserted, there are 20 times
many, if not more, British deserters in the service
Government and merchants, than there are im-
!ssed Americans in the service of Great Britain.—

insist upon the right of turning Englis!smen into
iericans by the ceremony of naturalization, and
inently take them under the protection of our flag,
'wing them to be deserters, while England insists
In the service of her own subjects, and claims them,
atter the manner now set up by Mr. Madison,
ich, when avowed by Government, is a Declara-

of War.
should it be the fortune of Commodore Rodgers
capture or sink a British ship, the English people
tun for vengeonce, because no disavowal can be
petted. In the event of a different result, new
dis-
ice and humiliation will he the lot of our Govern-
mt. The blood of our brave countrymen, wan-
ily at the nod of France,will lie on the
id of Mr. Madison. He will yet have to answer
the exposure and cruel sacrifice of our gallant
k navy. Hostilities are courted at a moment when
are nuist defenceless, and a British squadron off

coast, whose superior force will render the de.
onion of the remnant of our dibmantled navy

: iL Llc.

THE ARCHDUKE FRANCIS.

MALTA, JUNE 29.
You have no doubt heat d of the design formed some
to to by the Archduke Francis, to escape from
Austrian dominions. It was tut:lowed he was so
iguste,t at the slavery of his Lundy, and ascendancy
the French iii Vienna, he was desirous of absenting
nisell from scenes of humiliation, and it was con-
