SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING AT TATTERSALL'S YESTERDAY.
EPSOM.—DERBY, 1819.
16 to 1 against Duke of Grafton's Wild Ere.
16 to 1 against Lord Roues EuFhrates.
18 to 1 against Mr. Andrews's, out of More'..
20 to 1 against any other.
NEWMARKET CRAVEN MEETING, 1319.
CLARET STAKES.
Taken a thousand to five hundred Sam wir', p. p.

Tuz QUEEN.—Sir FRANCIS MILMAN 'and S'r
HENRY HALFORD attended her MAJESTY yesterday.
Their report in the morning was—" The QUEEN has
had a very good night, and continues to go on ex-
tremely well." Her MAntsry received visits from
the Duchess of GLOUCESTER and the Duke of CASI•
BRIDGE, &C.

THE DUKE or CLARENCE.—Yesterday, the report
of the state of the Duke of CLARENCE was—" His
Royal Highness has passed a very favourable night,
and is going on as well as can be expected."

Yesterday the PRINCE REGENT had a dinner party.

Yesterday morning the Duke and Duchess of Cast-
BRIDGE, accompanied by the Duke and Duchess of
GLOUCESTER, went to view the Deaf and Dumb Asy-
lum, in the Kent-road. They afterwards visited the
Asylum for Female Orphans, and the working of a
steam-engine at a manufactory opposite to the Asylum.
Yesterday morning the Grand Duke MICHAEL, ac-
companied by his suite and General HAMMOND, went
to visit the Gas Light Works in Peter-street, West-
minster, Westminster Abbey, Westminster Hall, &c.
Yesterday the LORD MAYOR sent a remarkably
fine sturgeon as a present to the QuEEK ; it was taken
to the Queen's Palace by the City Water Bailiff and
his two assistants. It was caught in the river Thames,
near Staines. It weighed between 80 and 90 pounds.
The Marquis of HLnITLEY gave a Grand Enter-
tainment at Geneva, on the Kixo's Birth Day, to the
Syndics and principal Gentlemen of the town.

A dinner was given on Monday, June 7, in Mon.
RISON'S Great Rooms, Dublin, to Mr. THOMAS MOORE.
the celebrated Poet of Ire Lind. About T.-'0 most re-
spect Able persons sat down to dinner, amongst whom
were—

The Earl of Charlernont !Chairman), Lord Cloncurry, Lord
Allen, Sir Capel Molyneux, Sir Charles Morgan. Mr. Burrowes,
Mr. Corry, Mr. Plunkett, jun. Mr. Bushc, Captain Bryan, Mr.
()Tonna, Mr. W. H. Curr.:n, 84c. 3cc.
—The entertainment was of the most sump:l:Pus de-
scription, and the cvening was spent in a manner in
which all the delights of 52nie and soul were combi-
ned. Mr. Moon; Mr. S:::EL (the author of The
Apos!7!e), Mr. PritttrPs, and Mr. O'CoriNEL, seve-
rally addressed the Meeting in very animated speeches,
and Mr. Mod RE also delighted the company by sing-
ing some of his own song:, to which he gave even
more than their ordinary charm.

Mr. Husr has commenced to-day a new species of
canvassing. At twelve he made his appearance in
Palace-yard, in the midst of a crowd of followers,
bearing a red flag, on one side of which was inscri-
bed the words " Universal Suffrage," and on the
other " Hunt and Liberty," and proceeded to ha-
rangue them on his pre•eminent merits to represent
the City of Westminster in the ensuing Parliament.
From Palace-yard, he has advertised, that he will
proceed at two to the front of Carlton House, and
thence again at four to Hanover-square, to repeat at
both places the same modest sort of exhibition.
Vain:max.—An affair occurred at Vauxhall-gar-
dens on Friday list which has caused very conside-
rable anxiety to a family of rank and fashion. About
one o'clock on the morning of Saturday, as the Ladies
and Gentlemen who composed the party were on the
point of entering their carriage, the absence of a
young Lady belonging to them was discovered.—
Search was immediately made for her throughout the
Gardens, but without success. The coachman was
directed to drive to their residence, in the hope that
the object of their search, having missed her party,
might have proceeded home with some other friend.
The expectation, however, was disappointed, and
two hours were passed in painful supense, when an
elder sister returned to Vauxhall, attended by three
servants, and renewed the search, which, in its result,
proved as unsuccessful as the former ; the young
Lady, it is feared, has placed herself under the pro-
tection of some person extremely obuoxioua to the

TilE CANDIDATES FOR wEsrmharth,

At twelve o'clock yesterday a mdeting of the Can-
didates to represent the City of Westminster in the
ensuing Parliament was convened to meet the Ili ,h
Bailiff, at the Sessions House, Westminster, for the
purpose of securing to him payment of the expenses
of the hustings, poll-clerics, &c. At the appointed
hour Mr. HUNT, accompanied by his son, entered
the room. Mr. DAWSON, for Captain Sir MURBAY
MAXWBLL, was also there. A few minutes after-
, wards Mr. WISHAIVF, Mr. BOYCE COMBS, and Mr.
W. CLARKSON, appeared on the part of the Corn-
, mittee for promoting the election of Sir S. ItomiLLy.
After the Gentlemen were seated, and interchanged
a few personal civilities—
The HIGH BAILIFF stated, that he had thought it
right, in consequence of having had already to bear
the expenses of two former elections, to address a
letter to each of the Gentlemen whose names were
published as calling for the support of the Electors
of Westminster at the ensiling election, and to re-
quest their attendance iD person, or by authorised
agents, to come to a yikper understanding on the
subject of the expenses attendant upon the erection
of a hustings, as well as the payment of poll clerks,
and the other expenses required by law. He had
received a verbal answer from Sir Francis Burdett,

saying, that he should have nothing to do with the
business of the election ; and Major Cartwright had
sent him a letter, stating that he was not a candi
date, and had therefore nothing to do with the ex-
penses of the election ; but, nevertheless, Mr. Walker
would attend the meeting.
Mr. WISHART said, that a meeting for twelve
o'clock was generally understood for one, and per-
haps Mr. Walker would shortly make his appe trance.
Mr. HUNT said, that he came in person at the re-
quisition of the High Bailiff, as he had no agent, nor
would employ any. His friends were all volunteers,
and he had nobody to hire for'election assistance.—
He had no hesitation in stating, that there ought to
be no underhand work in the election, as it was right
and flair that every Gentleman poled for should
contribute to defray the expenses required by law.—
He freely avowed that he %ins a candidate, and
would of course pay any sum which the law said he
was bound to incur in that caps: ity.

Mr. WISHART said, that he apt eared as one of Sir
Samuel Bornilly's Committee, and was ready to con-
tribute that candidate's share of the expense.
Mr. HUNT said, he would pay nothing for law,
but he would do his utmost to make the candidates
appear in person on the hustings. He thought it
hard that Westminster should be tl e only city in the
empire which had not a hustings of its own. It was
a shame that the candidates should have here to pay
a large sum for a building which they would have
nothing to do with elsewhere.
A Gentleman present asked what the remaining
candidate, Mr. Douglas Kinnaird, had done?
The HIC II BAILIFF, in answer, said, that Mr.
Douglas Kinnaird had sent word that he could not
think of interfering.—" Then," said one of the Gen-
tlemen present, " we have nothing more to do."--
" No,' exclaimed the High Bailiff, " unless you
choose to make a deposit."
Mr. WISHART.—WeII, I am ready to do that ; we
are willing to do every thing that is fair and ho-
nourable.

Mr. HUNT.-1 shall do every thing that is fair
and honourable, but I shall not deposit any thi.l&.
Mr.Wisitaßv.—We will pay a draft of £'2oo into
the banking-house of Messrs. Child and Co. to•mor-
row, in favour of the High Bailiff, and I dare to say
that Mr. Dawson has no objection to follow the
example.
Mr. DAwsow.—Certainly, not the slightest.
A conversation was then entered into respecting
entering into an agreement to support the High Bai-
liff, if it were necessary, in au action against the
remaining Candidates for the remainder of the

expenses.
Mr. Hmir said he should not enter into any such
agreement ; but he should do all he could to obtain
the pet sonal attendance of Sir Samuel liontilly. He
had had the honour of being on the hustings with
Sir Samuel—had contested an election with him for
eleven days, and he was sure Sir Samuel would bear
ample testimony of his (Mr. Hunts) honourable con-
duct on that occasion—consequently he entertained
the best hopes that Sir Samuel would attend in person.
The HIGH BAILIFF, in answer to a question from
Mr. Hunt as to the exact spot on which the hustings
was to be erected, said, that it was always in front
of St. Paul's Church, Covent-garden ; and that he
was previously required to indemnify the Parish for
any injury which the front of the Church might pus
silly receive during the election. On one occasion
he had £44) to pay for the bending of one of the
church rails—(a laugh).
The expense of the hustings being inquired into,
the Hictit BAILIFF said, the estimate of the expenses
might be easily settled by a reference to his accounts.
The hustings must he very substantial, and covered
in. The expense of the last exceeded 4;500 ; but
after the election it could be sold, and the amount
accounted for.

Mr. HUNT said he would resist every unnecessary

expense.
M. WALKER having at this moment entered, and
being asked it lie appeared as the Agent of Major
Cartwright, and with the intention of declaring his
liability to pay the Major's share of the expenses of
the election, replied in the negative, and said lie
merely carne in personal civility to the High
to say lie would put Major Cartwright in nomination
at the ensuing election for Westminster ; but on the
subject of the expense of preparations, he had no au-
thority to say ally thing. His private opinion cur•
tainly was, that the High Bailiff ought not to sutler
pecuniary injury ; but on the part of Major Cart-
wright, he had no answer to make to.the High Bai-
liff's requisition.
Mr. HUNT then said, that as Mr. Walker did not
come there as an agent of Major Cartwright, his
presence was unnecessary ; he said this, of course,
without meaning any personal disrespect.
Mr. WALKER said, of course he would withdraw
after the declaration he had just made.—He accord-
ingly left the room.
The HIGH BAILIFF'S Deputy then reduced to writ-
ing the declaration of Mr. HUNT that he was a Can-
didate, and the similar declarations of Mr. DAWSON,
on the part of Captain Sir M. MAXWELL ; and Messrs.
•\\L,HART, COMER, and CLARK:3O:.* for sir ..4tIIGEL

Routtiiiriarannttakiet, Tiles* GOtiPietheti eespect irel r
signed the document, and after a short conversation
on the necessity of the utmost economy in the pre-
parations for carrying on the election, and also to
try and reduce the number of Clerks in attendance,
the Gentlemen withdrew, after being thanked by tl.c
High Bailiff for their attendance.

MEETING of Mr. WOOLENS ADHERENT'S.

About three o'clock yesterday, pursuant to adver,
tisement, a very numerous Meeting assembled in the
Great Room at the City of London Tavern, for the
promotion of Mr. WooLak's election for the city of
Coventry. Major Citarwatuur was unanimously
voted to the Chair.

Mr. PETER WALKER, in rising to read the. Resol-
utions, wished that he had the talents of the man who
was the object of the meeting. He bad not seen what
was intended to be moved till that moment, and be
would rather have had some person of greater ability
to propose them than himself.—Mr. Walker then pro-
ceeded to read the Resolutions, the substance of
' which was—That as a large majority of the Mem-
bers of the house of Commons were returned by the
Ministers of the Crown, by the corrupt influence ofik
the Peers in Parliament, and by the conduct of a few
boroughmongers who had usurped the rights and
privileges of the people of England, it became the
duty of every Englishman to rally round the standard
of independence, and give their votes to its known
supporter ; that it was equally the interest and duty
of every individual who had been robbed of his elec-
tive franchise by the encroachments of arbitrary
power, and those who had been disfranchised by the
unjust exercise of corrupt influence, to return the man
who possessed talent to advocate their rights, principle
to support, and firmness to defend them; the talents of
Mr. Wooler peculiarly qualified him for a defender
of unrepresented and misrepresented Englishmen;
that the Meeting hailed the resolution of the people
of Coventry as a proof of disinterested and indepen-
dent patriotism, and as the best pledge of Mr.
Wooler's ultimate success. There were other Reso-
lutions, for subscriptions to defray the expenses of the
election, and the expenses of the freemen who had
undertaken to march to Coventry, to support Mr.
Wooler. From the knowledge he had of Mr. Wooler,
he could say that he was a man of the highest hen
noun and the greatest eloquence, and, in reply, he
was most forcible and effective. He would be in the
House of Commons a rock of support to the people.
(Great applause.) He would be the greatest assistant
and protector of that body against which the aristocracy
would direct their greatest exertion. There was no man
who had been present at, or had read his trial, hut had
the greatest respect for his mind and qualifications.—
It was true, if a man were wanted to fight the mock
fights between Whig and Tory, they would not ix
on Mr.Wooler ; but as a man of sterling merit and
independence, coming from the middle rank of so-
ciety, in which there was more honest worth than in
any other, they would find it their interest to Lopport
him. They could fix upon no man more proper to
oppose Canning, or any vile wretch that would ven-
ture to pass his brutal jokes upon the personal cala-
mities of an unfortunate fellow countryman—(Ap-
plause). Mr. Walker moved the Resolutions :
Mr. Dia said, he seconded the Resolutions with
the great(
.pleasure. There was no man so capa-
ble of advocating the cause they all loved, so well as
The Gentleman they had met to support on the pre-
sent occasion. No man had ever presented himself
so capable of meeting the exigencies of the times in
favour of the people. No man was ever better cal-
culated to render justice to the public. He might
mention, that out of 400 freemen of Coventry be-
loneing to London, above one-half had offered to
go down even bare-focted---(Greolapp!ause).—.lt was
necessary that every exertion should be made fur the
cause, and even a penny from each for the support
of the Election, would make it more secure. It was
advisable to try to bring him in after the ancient.
manner of choosing Representatives. By choosing
Mr. Wooler, the people would shew their patriotism
and political consistency; but, if they did not •send
such men to the House of Commons, they would
have more Septennial Parliaments, and Goo knew
whether shortly they would have any liberty left.
Major CARTWRIGHT stated the reasons for his being
in the Chair. He had been told that Mr. Cobbctt
had no chance of success, and though he had sub-
scribed towards his election, having pledged himself
to Mr. Wooler, when he saw no likelihood of Mr.
Cobbctt's succeeding, he had still determined to sup-
port the cause of reform by being present at that
meeting. It was a very convenient doctrine, that
only men of great fortune and family were fit to sit
in the House of Commons. But whom had they for
Coventry? A bookseller—a man who sold bboks in
Fleet-street. Mr. Wooler, however, was a writer of
honks. One sold packthread and pasteboard, but the
other possessed the genius that gave life and soul to
the book. Mr. Wooler was a printer: let it never be
forgotten, that America in-a great measure owed her
independence to a printer—the immortal Franklin—
(Applause.) The King's printer had been in the House:
he should be glad to see the people's printer there.
The King's turnspit had been once in Parliament,
which occasioned some jocular observations of Mr.
Burke.—The Major then read the Resolutions, which
were severally agreed to unanimously.-
The items of the subscription already commenced
were then read, amongst which were—Mr. Charles
Pearson, I:21 ; an Enemy to Corruption, £2l • a
Reformer, £2l ; a Blow to Boroughmongers, ;
Major Cartwright, £5.
Mr. PEA RSON read a Declaration of a number of-
Freemen of Coventry, that they would go on foot et-
by canal conveyance to support Mr. 'n ooler. r.
Wooler was a man who had " steered straight on a
constant course," neither turning to !he right nor to
the left ; but whatever current there were against
him, lie was always ready to stem and overcome it.
Every exertion he had made had tended to place
him on the pedestal whence ministerial perseverarce
had in vain endeavoured to lenitive him. They had
heard 9f subscriptions for the abolition of the Negro
Slave Trade : why should there nc t be subscriptions
against the slavery of the Whites Mr. Pearson con-
cluded witn moving the Thanks of the Meeting to
such4of the Freemen of Coventry as had iet the Ile' -
example of walking down to
The Resolution was agreed to
The thanks were then give
which the meeting broke up.

i

i ~
1 ti
-,•. ', ' 1
li 1 I
to 4 ,
l'iti i
I: Ell '
11,
1,,
1 p
1
! I
1 1
iI 1
i t
l'. 1
4
F
i
l
1
it
q 4 itt f
1 .
I
4
t i
...
• 1
i
1 \ i
I 1 4
i
f(1 ;11
•
• ' ,
' 1
1
I
1111

entry as had iet the noble
suppirt Mr. Wooler.—
to unanimously.
veil to the Major, after
