IMPER [AL PA KLIAIII FAT.,

HOUSE OF LORt)S, Mniscm 13.
On the motion of the Earl of fklarva.atisr the ka~M*rr BRIM
(12,000,0001.) bill, anti the Sissy .Uutiny Bill, posed through
Committees.
The Earl of ItOSSLYN moved, agreeably Cu the nods`, its
Lordship give yesterday, that such of thrift LOOLlslope as had Pe-
titions to present to the Hour's should enreillorir isoravaiso paper,
and that the clerk of thd How.- should read them amt II the order
in which ibey_stotuf.--..4grved cu.
ViSCUlallt TOIMINGTON proarneifli $ Bidden id favour of
the Catholia Claims fium a parish its thd &gory alfoot.—Urdered
to lie wt the table.

Sir A. Guilt, and other Illensliffe of tle Haas of Coarmana,
brought up the Army Mutiny UM a potv,ne 13:11.
Alarysis ut DOW NSSI pr..acitted a Pet,tion from a
parish in Dowathirc in favour ef the Catholic Claiins.—Ortlaral to

ire on the table.
.1" be lArtjuis of EX titkit presented Petitions from two
parishes In Umlaut, &gab granting farther Coucesaious to the
Human Catholic.. Also / retjtion trout Drkhous, praying for the
abolition of slavery in dr/ Colonies.
• Th. Bishop of and W KLIS pm. nted a Petition front
Taunton, in Sumertertthier, elision ranging further Cum.:mhos
to the genial Catholic. —Ordered to li.on the tattle.
The Duke at ItICIIMOND presented a Petition from liar.
sham, in Suttee, ,iitteti by SW person, and stunt another parish
in busses, pra) tug that no further Cooersvion. be granted to the
Littman Cobulics...-Orderrd to be on the table.
The. Duke of DKVONSH I lig said be bad two Petitions to
present to the litnise praying for the removal to all civil and
giuti. disabilities—the first was from the Disarmers of Derby, and
the other Irom the Mayor, Aldermen, XL schants and inhabitants
ginersily of the town of Derby. lie was willing terabstain front
snaking any observations upon the proceeding. resorted to by per-
soils residsog In am town of Derby who had beau engaged in get-
ting up a Petition against the gamin Githolseti. and which Pe;
this* isad been placed in the hands of a Noble Duke whom be dui
,not now .see in his place. lie abstained nom doing so because it
was bit opinion that such discm.ions were productive of no good—
(lietir)--and because he entertained a personal respect for many
nighly,respetabte individuals who bad signed the petition to which
he altaiii.d. The petition *Web be had to present to their Lord-
shies bad bees supported by many of the most respectable and
optileut ialsabitams of the town, who were anxious to express their
omihkaire urea the important subject cuntainect in it. With that
opinion he perfectli agreed, because he thought it was founded in
justice mid truth; and be hoped the period was not far divaat
when these would beim longer occasion for such appeals to the
Legislature, bat when peace and tranquillity would be experienced
througboit the country. and a gual end be put to civil discord..."
Laid ea the table.

The Earl of CAR NARVON,In presenting a Padden in favour
of Catholic Emancipation from Tauutom in Soinersetabire, alluded
to irregular RINDS resorted to by persons in procuring petitions
against the Catholic Claims. such as the exhibition of prints and
posting of pimento, with a view to excite the public mind against
the Roman Catholics.

The Kul of HLDON sold if the Noble Lord whn had jut
spoken. or any other Noble Lord. would communicate to him (Lord
Eldon) the name of any individual who had resorted to improper
means for proclaim' 411131111 to petitions he would ►now how to deal
with him. He (Lord Indus) need nut again repeat what course
be would pursue with regard to such a person, as be had said sits
cleat upon t►e su►ject lest niibt.
The cart of CA RN A RVON said he did net Wade to any par"
dealer isistanee, but to the general practice of suiting the pYhlic
mind ►p the exhibition of prints and placards. His Lordship pre-
sented another Pukka Irma Dorwtsbire is fauna of Catholic

to Ikon the table.

The'Marquis of LANSUOWN said, he rose for the
purpose of calling their Lordships attention to the Pe
titson of the Roman Catholics of Ire:and, praying lor
the removal of the civil and religious disabilities under
which they lablured. It certainly was not the. first.
