COURT OF. ICINGS WENCH, ,OCTOBilt,si.

laitioN V. •arox. • •
This was an action to trg the validity of abankruptcy.
• Several witnesses were examined to prove that the bank-
rupt, a person named Collier, committed ..an act pfi
bankruptcy by ordering his servant to deny him to his'
creditors. Several trapsactions were stated, which in-
duced the Learned Judge to consider the act of bank-
ruptcy preyed, and the piaintiff was nonsuited.
_TintJtuttAt,o. trritsuwtau Jortas.
Mr. branavarr opened the case for the prosecution,
and stated that this was alibel glen impious and blas-
phemous nature, „against *Moly Bib* to which the
defendant had pleadadSotGuilty. . •
Mr. Guatmc addressed the Jury. He-stated that the
book in question was puPished by Carlile, at 55, in
Fleet-street, upwards of two years ago, but it was not
on the part of the prosecuttirs a stale prosecution, for
it was delayed by the defendant himself, who for a long
time refused to give his name, and rather than do so,
he went to prison for a considerable time. Now, the
boot is question was entitled, " Observations on Let-
ters to a Friend, on Evidences, Doctrines, and Duties
of the Christian Religion : by Olinthus Gregory LL.D.
of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, in a letter
to the Rev. Waliam Wait, A.B. King's square, Bristol.
By Richard Cellar." The Learned Couirel would
not occupy the Court's time with either reading the
blasphemous paragraphs (which would have tobe read
by the officer of the Court), or by any comments upon
it, for it would appear to every man, immediately on
being heard, to be precisely wh:tt was stated in the de-
cimation, and such as the law of the country could not
possibly suffer to go unpunished.
John Murton was then called upon, but no answer
was made. Atter the Court had stopped nearly ten mi-
•nutes without the witness making his appearance,
The LORD CDIEF*YDSTICE told the Jury, that from
what he bad read of this publication, he had no doubt
of its blasphemous nature, but of the character of the
defendant, they could know nothing.
Mr. FRENCH appeared for the defendant, and stated,
that he meant to admit the publication, and then to de.
-fend the publisher.
The Comm—Then, Gentlemen of the Jury, you
must find the defendant Not Guilty.•
The verdict of Not Guilty was accordingly recorded,
and is about two minutes afterwards the witness arrived,
but was told he might take a walk home, again.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, NOVEMBER 1.
OCKIIMMY V. SHAW.

Mr. Setjeant VAUGHAN stated the case. This was
an actiou brought against the defendant, who was',
placel in the same situation the preceding day, to re.
cover compensation in damages for the injury his son,
had received it the defendant's academy, at Bowes,
near Greta-bridge, Yorkshire. The Learned,Serjeanti
proceeded to state the nature of the case, which was of,
the same description as that of "Jones v. Shaw."
Witnesses were called to the state 'of the school, and
the blindness of the plaintiff's sou. Their testimony
•was similar to that on the former trial.

The examination was proceeding, when
Mr. Scrjeant PELL, after some consultation, addressed
the Court, and said, that from the nature of the, case •
and the feeling that had been evinced, joined to the
decision of the Jury an the first trial, he should pro-
ceed no farther in the case, but consent to a verdict for
the same sun as that 'prep in tip oase.of " Jones o.
Shaw." This course, indi.eti, he had been desired to
follow by his client, and. he had also the pkasere to
state, without unnecessarily complimenting „any pee-
son, that the plaintiff bid nt.cedgcrto 4 request, mado
:for the purpose of giving tin* cop the payment of da-,
mages. It was a most unfortunate occurrence for the
'defendant that the disea,e had broken out in his school;
botht (Mr. Serjeant 'Pell) hoped there would be. no re-
flection on his character, in reference to his treatment.
of the young Gentle/pen entrusted to his care, as it ap-
plied to their instruction, clothing, and a due regard to
their tnoials.
Mr. Justice Palm said, the most advisable course
hal most certainly been adopted; for be could Rot see
how the former verdict could be stirred. That was his
oFinion the mment he saw the verdict in a newspaper
of that roomiog. The. Jury were well warranted iii
drawing the inierence they had ; for, setting aside the
treatment the boys had received, the defendant ooght
to have madelhe parents at once acquainted with their
situation.—The unde'r his I.ordship's direction,
immediately returned a verdict) by consent, for the
plaintiff—Damages £.50(1:

The people of Indiana (finitld„ States) hate decided,
by an overwhelming vote, against the call of a Conven-
tion to amender make a new Constitution, the avowed
object of which was, to introduce slavery into that
State. The 'lndiana Gazette-of the 27th of August,
published; in Corydon, the seat-of Government, says-.-
" The return% 'as Ear as we bave.been able to•collect
theta, are nearly ten to one of a niajority-against a Con.
vention ; and we expect that when the whole return is
made, there will be twenty to one." . .. • • .
The Kentucky Monitor states a !Val, that Calmat
Leavenworth and General. Ashley, who had joined their
forces, to the number of about 400 United States' troops
and hunters, with a considerable number .of friendly
Indians, had met the Ricarees, and defeated them with
immense loss.* The report, however, waists confirmation
YELLOW FEVER AT NATO-LEL—We hay; been fa-
voured, says the Boston' Daily 4dOertsieropith the Oe-
rusal of a letter from Natchez to.a• Gentleman in.this
town, dated Augustl2l,•which states that the fever was
raging there wall the ,rmost arming violence. • The
writer had five member; of *awls family ill of it, and
he bad been obliged io employ three phySicians, 01l of
whom bad been attacked -in succession by the fever,
and he would be under the necessity of employing:the
fourtb. He names a large number of persons sitha had
died. 44 Men," he testatki, gi who were welloand at
work, or folloWing •their• business yesterday,. are now
lying lifeless corpses. . Twelve persons died last night;
and, of a population .of spopi r
_do ttpt.think-that 800
will be in town by night. The diseaskimnorariolint•thaii
has eve; been witnessed heretofore." The.letter adds,
that Colonel Chambers's regiment, 600 -strong, passed
Natchez on the Sunday preceding, in two:steam.boats,
in high.sphits at the ,prospect of•heing actively em-
played. The theiromtter, stocKl at. 95 .dsvgrtet at Nit;
o'clackoma.
it was stated at it. Late - mening,l.of the Aberdeen
Auxiliary Bible Sock.ii,ie aurast to. those who make it
an objection to Bibk Societies, that- dsey arelhe means
of se ' l adut large sums . etIF Of the conntry;. that isioe
than two. • ds of all the moniy.cogteillotedior 14.. in
evety po -sterling, ate employed. op pbj
A ects parely.
British. ' • . ...• ..k, 4i, V ,
AA ••• •
• • • . .. . •• •
.•
