HOUSE OF COMNION3.

Sir C. HULSE, ns soon as the Speaker had taken the chair. pre-
sented the H. port of the Londonderry Election Committee,which ata•ed
that Sir R. Ferguson's election was VUitl, and that the petition was not
frivolous.

On the coition of Sir C. HULSE, a now writ wasordered for Londol-
deny, in we nom of Sir R. Ferguson, whose election was void.
D lit; OA LE presented the report of the St. Martiti•A, Bi•ming-
ham, Burial-gro..nd Bill.
Sir A. 110 Pk.; presented a petition from L'ilitligow far Parliamen-
tary Reform.
tuticrriox— IRELAND. _

Sir R. lIATE.SON presented a petition from Londondtrry. and also.
one from the Presbytery of Decry, in favour of the Kildare-street
Society.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, that all Ireland was against the proceed-
ings of this Society, with the exception of those who were not, and
never had been, favourable towards the Roman Catholics, and their
opinions.
NIT. HUME concurred in the correctness of this remark ; it was im-
possible that the Catholic body should view with indifference these
grants ; if properly laid out, they would educate all Ireland.
Sir R. BA TESON contended, that the proceedings of the K"daie
Street Society. were most liberal and popular.
Mr. O'FARREL lament,d that the hon. ban. who presented the
petition should hare indulged in very unconciliatory language. (Hear.)
Sir J. NEW PORT said, if these grants were again moved he trusted
there would be a ddilieht application of the tunds.—Petition ordered
to lie on the table.

Sir P. BATESON then presented petitions from Carrickfergus. &c.
for the abolition of negro slavery—on the motion that they be printed.
Mr. O'CONNELL wished it to be understood that the difference
between the Catholics and the Protestants was this--that the Protes-
tants desired to educate their children, and those of the Roman Ca-
tholics too. without the interference of the Roman Catholics. Feeling
themselves on an equal footing, desirous of educating their own chil-
dren, he trusted that the Ministers would not abdicate the high sta-
tion they had taken by their conduct on the Reform question, by re.
newing the grants to the Kildare.street Society on the terms on which
they had formerly been granted.
Sir R. BATESON was about to reply, when
The SPEAKER reminded the House that the question before them I
was petitions on the subject of Negro Slavery. (Illear.)—Petition or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SADLER postponed his motion, regarding the poor laws, till
April 19.
Lord W. POWLETT presented a petition from Sunderland aga'tst
the timber duties now proposed.
