itMERIC.dM PAPERS.

BETWEEN COMMODORE HARDY AND THE UNITED STATE.,
OFFICER COMMANDING AT STAG HARBOUR, ON THE
SUBJECT OS TILE SEIZURE OF MR. PENNY.

"To Sir TidossAs HARDY, Commander of his Britarntle Ma-
jesty's Squadron, off Gardner's Island.
gi Silt—The inhabitants of the town of East Hamp-
ton have requested of me a flag, which I now autho-
rise, for the purpose of demanding Joshua Penny, a
natural-born citizen of the township of Southland, on
this island, and resident of the town of East Hampton.
He is demanded as a non-combatant, being attached
to no vessel as a mariner, or corps of militia whatever,
but was taken by force by your men from the bed in
his own house, unarmed. The bearer of this flag is
Lieutenant Hedges, an officer under my command,
in Government service. You will have the goodness
to deliver Mr. Penny to Lieutenant Hedges ; as he
cannot consistently be retained as a prisoner of war
by any article in the cartel agreed on, ratified, and
confirmed by the Agents of each of our Governments
for the exchange of prisoners.
" Given under my hand, at the Garrison of Stag
Harbour, this 20th day of August, 1813.
(Signed) 66 BENJ. CASE.
" Major, commanding troop; in the United States'
service, at Stag Harbour."

" His Britannic Majesty's Ship Ramifies, in
Gardner's Bay, August 20.
" Sin—l have the honour to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your letter of this day's date, and as I do not
wish to detain Lieutenant Hedges, the bearer of your
flag, I will do myself the honour of replying to your
letter to-morrow by a gag of truce. I have the ho-
nour to be, Sir, your very humble servant,
(Signed) THOMAS HARDY, Captain.
" Major Case, commanding the U. S. troops, Stag Harbour."
" His Majesty's Ship Ramifies, in Gardner's
Bay, August 21.
" Stn—As it was late yesterday afternoon when
had the honour of receiving your letter of the 20th
inst. respecting the release of Joshua fenny, I did not
judge it proper to detain Lieutenant Hedges for my
reply. I. beg leave to inform you, I had received cer-
tain information that this man conducted a detach.
ment of boats, sent from the United States' squadron,
under the command of Commodore Decatur, now
lying in New London, from that port to Gardner's
Island, on the 26th of July last, for the express pur-
pose of surprising and capturing the Captain of his
Britannic Majesty's frigate Orpheus and myself ; and
having failed in the undertaking, but making priso-
ners of some officers and men of the Orpheus, he went
with the remaiping boats to Three Mile Harbour.
" The next account I had of him, WAS his being
employed in a boat, contrived for the purpose, under
the command of Thomas Welling, prepared with a
torpedo, to destroy this ship, and that he was in her
at Nepeng Beach, when this ship and the Orpheus
were in Fort Pond Bay, last week. He has also had
a certificate given him on the 18th of this month, by
some of the respectable inhabitants of East Hampton,
recommending him to Commodore Decatur, as a fit
person to be employed on a particular service by him,
and has-for some time been entered on the books of
the frigate at forty dollars per month ; add to which,
this notorious character has been recognised by some
of the Officers and men of this ship, as having been
on board two or three times with clams and fruit ;
of course as a spy, to collect information of our
movements.

" Having been made so well acquainted with the
conduct of this man for the last six weeks, and the
purpose fcr which he has been so actively employed
in hostilities against his Britannic Majesty, I cannot
avoid expressing my surprise that the inhabitants of
East-Hampton should have attempted to enforce on
'yon a statement so contrary to fact. I, therefore, can-
not think of permitting such an avowed enemy to be
out of my power, when I knovr 'so much of him as I
do. He will, there we, be detained as a prisoner of
war, until the pleasure of the Commander•in-Chief is
known.

" Robert Gray, an inoffensive old man, who was
taken with Penny, I have landed, as it does not aps
pear that he is one of his accomplices in the transac-
tions I have alluded to. I think proper to inclose a
copy of my letter to Justice Terry, to warn the inha-
bitants of the coast against permitting the torpedo to
remain any where near them. I have the honour to
be, Sir, ) our most obedient humble servant,
(Signed) 66 THOS. M. HARDY,
Captain of his Majesty's ship Rarnilies.
" Major Ben. Case, commanding the coops in the United
States' service at Stag Harbour."
" His Majesty's dills Randlles, off New
London, August 28, 1813.
ig Sin—Having received positive information that
a whale-boat, the property of Thomas Welling and
others, prepared with a torpedo, for the avowed pur-
pose of destroying this ship, a mode of warfare prac-
tised by individuals from mercenary motives, and
more novel than honourable, is kept in your neigh-
bourhood ; and as, from the very good information
_I obtain from various sources, there is no doubt these
persons will soon he in my power, I beg you to warn
the inhabitants along the coast of Long Island, when-
ever I hear this boat, or any other of her description,
has been allowed to re•nairt, after this day, I will
order every how, near the shore to be destroyed.
66 I have the honour to be, Sir, &o.
(Signed) " THOMAS HARDY. Captain.
" To Terry, Esq Ju'i'ce of the Pc.ce,
Southold, Long Island."

COPY OF A LETTER FROM CAPTAIN HUTA TO THE
bEeRETARY OF THE NAVY•

Portland, Sept. 7, 1813.

Sot—l had the honour last evening to forward you
by express, through the hands of Commodore Bain-
bridge, a letter I received from Samuel Storer, Esq.
Navy Aunt at this place, detailing an account of
the capture of the British brig Boxer, by the United
States brig Ln►erprize,
I now have to inform you, that I left Portsmouth
this Inotning, and have this moment arrived, and,
as the mail is closing, I have only time to enclose
you tile report of Lieutenant M'Call, of the Enter.
prize, and to assure you, that a statement of the
situation of the two vessels as to the damage they
have received, &c. shall be forwarded as soon as bur-
, veys Can be made. The Boxer has received much
damage is her bull, masts, and sails; indeed it was

with diffidulty she could be kept afloat to get her in.
'The Enterprize is only injured in her masts and sails.
I have the honour to be, &c.
ISAAC HULL.

The Hon. Win. Jones, Secretary of the Navy.
United States.bris Enterprise, Portland,
September 7, 1813.
SIR—In consequence of the unfortunate death of
Lieutenant-Commandant William Burrows, late com-
mander of this vessel, it devolves on me is acquaint
you with the resuk of our cruise. After sailing from
Portsmouth on the Ist instant, we steered to the east-
' ward ; and on the morning of the 3d, off Wood
Island, discovered a schooner, which we chased into
this harbour, where we anchored. On the morning
of the 4th, weighed anchor and swept out, and con-
tinued to the eastward. Having received informa-
tion of several privateers being off Monhagan, we
stood for that place ; and on the following morning,
in the bay near Penguin Point, discovered a brig
getting under way, which appeared to be a vessel of
war, and to which we immediately gave chase.—
She fired several guns and stood for us, having four
ensigns hoisted. After reconnoitring and discover-
ing her force, and the nation to which she belonged,
we hauled upon a wind to stand out of the Bay, and
at three o'clock shortened sail, tacked and run down,
with an intention to bring her to close action. At
20 minutes after three ft. m. when within half pistol
shot, the firing commenced from both, and after
being warmly kept up, and with some manoeuvring,
the enemy hailed, and said they had surrendered,
about four p. m. their colours being nailed to the
mast, could not be hauled down. She proved to
be his Britannic Majesty's ship Boxer, of 14 guns,
Samuel Blythe, Esq. Commander, who fell in the
early part of the engagement, having received a can-
non-shot through the body. And lam sorry to add,
that Lieutenant Burrows, who had gallantly led us
to action, fell also about the same time, by a musket
ball, which terminated his existence in eight hours.
The Enterprize suffered much in spars and rig-
ging, and the Boxer both in spars, rigging, and hull,
having many shots between wind and water.
It would be doing injustice to the merit of Mr.
Tillinghast, Second Lieutenant, were I not to men-
tion the able assistance I received from him during
the remainder of the engagement, by his strict at-
tention to his own division, and other departments.
And the officers and crew generally, I am happy to
add, their cool and determined conduct have my
warmest approbation and applause.
As no muster-roll that can be fully relied on has
come into my possession, I cannot exactly state the
number killed on board the Boxer; but from infor-
mation received from the officers of that vessel,
appears there were between 20 and 2.5 killed, and
14 wounded.

Enclosed is a list of the killed and wounded on
board the Enterprize.
I have the honour to he, &c. (Signed)
EDWARD R. M'CALL, Senior Officer.
Isaac Hufl, Commanding Naval Olker

oethe Eastern Station.
List of Killed aad Wounded on lbeard the United States Brig
Enterprise, in the Engagement with the British Brig Boxer,
the sth September, ISIS.

KlLLED—Nathaniel Goren, Ordinary Seaman.

WOW ND —William Burrows, Esq. Commander, since dead;
Kervin Waters, Midibipman, mortally; Elisha Blossom, Car-
penter's Mate, since dead; David Horton, Quarter-Master ;
Russel Coats, Qoanae‘Maater ; Benjamin Gammon, Boatswain's
Mate; S. Bradley, Seaman ; lames Snow, ditto ; Snow loner,
ditto ; Peter Barnard, Ordinary Seaman; Wiuiant ?limas, ad
Seaman ; John Fitsmere, Marine. (Sillued)
EDWARD R. M4VALL, °ECM
FROM THE PORTLAND GAZETTE.

New York, September 24.
NAVAL Dlttsen.—On Wednesday last, a large
and respectable number of Citizens of this town gave
a dinner to Lieutenant Wean and the surviving
Officers of the United States brig Enterprize, in tes-
timony of the high esteem they entertain for their
distinguished services in the late gallant capture of
his Britannic Majesty's brig Boxer. The company
were honoured with the presence of several strangers
of distinction. Captain Robert Ilsley officiated as
President, assisted by Captain Seward Porter, Captain
A. W. Atherton, and Mr. Henry Smith, as Vice
Presidents. The dinner was served up in an elegant
manner at Colonel Burnham's Hall. Harmony and
good fellowship was the order of the day, and party
feeling% and prejudices were absorbed in the general
zeal to honour those who are the brightest ornaments
of our country. After the cloth was removed, the
following toasts and sentiments wmre pronounced by
John Hussey, jun. Ebq. toast master of the day, in a
distinct, emphaticeand audible voice. Excellent and
appropriate music .was per!ormed by the Portland
band at proper intervals :—at the conclusion of the
12th toast, an Ode, composed for the occasion, by
Mr. Nathaniel Deering, was sung by him, in a style
of excellence suited to this fine specimen of 46 splen-
did thought and tasteful fancy." The effect was
electrical, and the company with one voice and
amidst reiterated applause demanded its repetition,
which was politely complied with.
TOASTS.

The Navy—our ark of gaiety ; may the dove of peace escape
from its window and find repose.
Free Trade and Sellars' Itights-rMay it be the pride of our
navy to battle in their defence.
Washington—May a grateful people perpetuate his name and
their own independence.
The United States—May their fertile soil yield Olive for
Peace Laurel for Victory, and Hemp for Treason.
The Gallant Burrows—The sun of glory shines but on the
tomb.
The American Enterprize—May it in :tract British and French.
Boxers, that the Ocean is the great common of all nations
'I be voice of the American People—lt demands a Narp.as
increa,ed Navy—it must be obeyed. •
The memory of Lawrence—His skill and valour won eldoop
of war—his bravery loi.t his life, and accident alone his ship.
The inhabitants of Halifax— I hey honoured our Lawrence—
in deeds of magnanimity we will imitate, if we cannot excel.
The Officers and Crew of the Enterprise—they are strong and
skilful in their strength, fierce to their skill, and to their fierce-
ness valiant. •

'file conquerors and conquered of the Boxer—enemies by law,
but in gallantry and worth we pronour.cc them Brothers.
The Naval ()Beers of the United States—distinguished by

skill, bravery, and humanity.
The American Sailur—in battle, terrible ; in Victory, modest
and humane.
The Heroes who Lye./ the Ikger.—May they Aut their enemies
all round the compass.
The arisen tf prizilinx—rnsland claims it ns her own; but we
hare Pededifize sufficient to beat her hit "mere.
Those brave competitors on the field a naval giory—BurroWS
end Mythe--lisving laid tlie.r ship• together Glee hermit, they
now lay the•ls boats together like hrothert.

DEiTCH P4loBltt.

_..

~ ~ •• I~•

r- . .

: •

BERLIN, JANUARY 6.
The entrance into Torgau of the Prussian troop,
has been postponed until the 10th, from pruientiAl
motives, owing to the contagious fever which reign:,
there.

BERLIN, JANUARY 1.

Their Royal Highnesses the Princes, all the Prir.
ceases, daughters of the King, and the Princess Fie-
dericka, returned the day before yestet day to finis city,
from Breslau. They were accompanied by the Grand
Chamberlain, the Prince of Wittgenstein.
Generil Missenbach is appointed to the command
of the fortress of DAntzic.
NEUCHATEL. JANUARY t. .
This afternoon a cow ier arrived here, dispatched
from Prince Lichtenstein, who is before Besancon, to
his Highness Prince Schwartzenberg, bringing the
intelligence that Marshal Ney, after having throwe.
10,000 men into Besancon, retired with his corr.-
behind that fortress.

Besides the corps of Prince Lichtenstein, which is
already before Besancon, the whole of the reserve AL
moving upon the same place, under the command of
the General of Artillery Count Weissenwolff. The
troops bivouac round the town, which will be imme-
diately besieged on the arrival of the heavy artil-
lery—the general opinion is, that a battle will take
place in that neighbourhood in a few days.

GENERAL ORDER.

" Nyou, Dec. SO, 1813.

gg SOLDIERS I—We this day enter upon the enemy's
territory. The excesses committed by the arrries of
the enemy ha our country are no example for us to
follow. These robbers are no more ; they have pe-
rished from cold, or on the field of battle. The heart
of a soldier knows no revenge; moreespecially against
defenceless inhabitants, who have suffered so much
from the ravages of war. Measures have been taken
to provide the troops amply with provisions, and I
command, upon pain of rigid punishment, the obnen•
ante of the same strict. disciplioe and regularity which
has hitherto distinguished us, and which the inhabitants
of Switzerland have so much praised. It is this only
which can secure to us, the
.advaatages already ob-
tained.
" impress, to the. Commanders of Regiments of
-infantry, ni7 satisfaction. at the .strict order which
tlsety have preserved among the troops upon -their
mareti. Our exertions have been great. but the ob-
ject was weighty, and we have now accomplished it.
(Signed) 44. co It trr you suaza."
~ZURfCH, JANUALY a.

• • 2"

GIitNiRAL ORDIA.
4i Soldiers I—You have triumphed over the ens.
mies of general tranquillity—you have excited the
admiration of all nations, and have kindled tileir pa-
triotism; it is by your arms, that the Emperor of
the French sees his astonishing armies annihilated,
and theieby loses all his Allies. Nearly the whole
of the nations of Europe, who but a short time ago
were ranged under his binnera, to work out univer.
sal slavery, are now united with you, to re-establish
their ancient independence and happiness.. Those
nations which are still bowed down under the sceptre
of Napoleon ; yea, the French themselves, look is
1 you for their release from the yoke which oppresses
them. Co on, then, courageously, brave *anion;
you have already surmounted the greatest danger ;
complete your victory over the mad ambition df the
French Emperor. Give peace to the world, and re.
turn then to your country, covered with the blessings
of the people you have delivered. You must have
no other object in your entrance on the French terri-
tory. Our only object must be to lessen the disasters
of that country, and not to increase them. We muss
11 convince the inhabitants that it is your zeal for ibs
good cause alone which leads your steps towards
them. Courage and generosity have ever been the
chief requisites of the soldier.

Let, therefore, courage and generosity be your
characteristics, on the road which leads you to im.
mottality. Convinced of the importance and neces-
sity of discipline, you will never neglect to observe
the same with the utmost exactness. By this you
will acquire additional lustre to your well earned
fame. In case any among yon should, contrary to
expectation, forgetting the ♦oice of honour and the
duties of their situation, be guilty of any excess or
criminal proceeding towards the inhabitants, they
shall be, without distinction, consigned to condign
punishment, as disturbers of public order, and ene-
mies to general welfare.
The Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Rus-
sian Armies, - (Signed)
14 Caant BAuctiv Dt TOLLY."
DUSgELDORP, Lead/Ail' 1•.

~\

Cossacks of the corps of Ozernitzehet whcreiossed
the Rhine here, penetrated yesterday to Ottiikiald
*Lennig. There are a number of Russia-a trails; hi
Nuis. Yesterday the Russian General Czernitietseir
also marched there. Dispatches hare eves ardifi4
from Crefcld. The French troorii; tat I 7 Comilleac
Stettin, still remain here. It is belieiikchhat cheyivia
be exchanged for prisoners of the Allies in the•
session of the French. On the clutter& of& A
troops into Coblentz, on which occasion 211 ditto**,
were illurainated, they took some hundreds ofataied
French, besides those which were in the hospital.—
The Cossacks conveyed the Prefect of Cohltntz And
the French General Guldrin to Simmeren, and took
from them 150,000 franks, which they had brought
with them from Coblentx. At AOidernaclv the Co..
