wets too long in giving their judgment,—that the Government
ought to intervene, in order to hasten their judgment—and, in fine,
that the Royal Treasury ought to deliver the sum contested to him.
self; adding, that the French subjects might then come to Algiers,
it order to submit their claims to him.
These pretensions were contrary to the convention of the 28th
Ott they were not less PO to the dignity of the French Government,
which could not even have consented to them without going farther
than it was entitled to, by interfering with the course of justice and
transferring mothers the decision of causes which were then pending
before the tribunals alone. These explanations were given at diffe-
rent times to the chief of the Regency, who was not satisfied with
them, and persisted in asking. as a condition of the continuance of
rclations with France, the immediate paytnent of seven mil.
4ione of francs. In a letter, which he wrote himself to the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, this alternative was couched in such haughty
slums, that ti. de Dames did not think proper to answer directly,
mid contented himself with exposing the whole affair anew to the
icasul-General of the King, at Algiers, ordering him, at the same
tits..., to have a verbal explanation with the Dey on the subject.
Al. Decal had not received this letter when he presented himself,
•ording to the custom, at the palace of the Dey, on the eve of
Mahomedan festivals. This Prince on asking the Consul-Ge.
ecral if he had no letter to deliver to him, received a negative an-
swer, and he immediately struck M. Deval several times with a
Zan which he held in his hand, and ordered him to leave his pre.
tree.
After such an outrage, committed in public on the person of
the French representative, the King's Government could listen to
..othing else but its offended dignity. This last insult completed
the outrageous proceedings of the Regency. Every kind of con.
exion was henceforward impossible between France and Algiers,
before the national honour of' the former had obtained for the latter
the moat signal satisfaction. Baron de Damas gave orders to the
Consul-General to require it ineneillately, or to leave Algiers with.
out further delay. It was refused, and 31. Deval had hardly left
the town, when the Dey gave orders to the Governor of Constantine
to destroy all the French establishments in Africa by fire and sword.
The ore.er was executed with punctuality, and the fort Lacalle was
entirely demolished.
The king sent to Algiers a squadron of his fleet, with orders to
maintan a most rigorous blockade. Notwithstanding the zeal and
the courage of our navy, this measure has not been attended with the
success that was at first expected from it. The blockade has cost
Franca near 20,000,000 of francs, without having caused the enemy
sufficient damage to determine him to give satisfaction and to sue
for peace.
The dignity of France and the interests of the King's subjects
who arc engaged in commercial transactions with the north of
Africa, required that a new system, more energetic and decisive,
should be adopted : however, the Government of the King, being
desirous of currying the scene of the war on the Algerine territory
only when it should become indispmsable, determined on a new
attempt at reconciliation with the Dey. In July 182. i, Captain de LI
Britonniere was sent to Algiers, with orders to open negotiations,
should the Regency appear disposed to render usjustice. This step,
which proved the moderation of France, was not sufficient to conquer
the obstinacy of the Dey, and a new insult to our flag,a new violation
of the rights and laws of nations, filled the measure of the perfidy
of the Regency, and made all reconciliation henceforward Incom-
patible with the honour of the nation. As M. de Is Britonniere was
leaving the port, a general volley of all the batteries near the vessel
was directed against it, and it received no less than 80 balls. The
fire ceased only when the ship was out of reach.
Such is a brief account of the outrages for which the King is
preparing to take vengeance : violation of the laws of nations ;
infraction of the treaties and conventions ' • arbitrary exactions ;
insolent pretensions, contrary to the laws of the kingdom and pre-
judicial to the rights of French subjects ;—the pillage of our vessels;
—violation of the residence of our diplomatical agents ;—a public
insult proffered to our consul;—attack directed against the flag of
truce. _ . _ _

The Dcy seems to have done all to make war inevitable, and to
excite the courage of our soldiers, to whom is reserved the noble
mission of avenging the dignity of the crown, and of delivering
France and Europe of the treble scourge that the Christian Powers
have too long endured ; the slavery of their subjects, the tributes
which the Dey extorts from them, and the piracy which renders in-
secure the coast of the Mediterranean, and threatens, without ceas-
ing, all vessels navigating in that sea.

FOREIGN FUN
Grua Wit, 5 pr Ct. 744
Do. Acc. 744 5
Do. Bds. 11149,.
Ditto Acct. 74i
ChiUs:Adds. 6 pr Ct.
Eh). Acc, 26i
Colons. Bds. 6 per Ct. 144
Do. Bds. 1824, 454
Do. Ace. 454
Greek Bonds, 5 p Ct.
Do. B. 1845. 464 6
Ditto 100, 274
Mex. Bds. 5 per Ct.
Do. B. 1845, 6 p Ct. 354

TWO O'CLOCK.
Do. Acc. 331 1 3
Do. 100, 341 1
Peruv. Mk 6 pr Ct.
Ditto Acc. 23
Pruss. Bonds, S p Ct. 101
Do. Bds. 1822, 6 p Ct. 1031
Buss. Bds. 1822, 5 pr Ct.lll
Do Account 111
Do. ill, 111
Sp. Bds. 5 per Ct. 171 171 1
Do. Ace. 171
Do. 510, 181
SE. Bds. 1823, 5 pet Ct.
Ditto Ace. 61

BRITISH AND FoRRIGN SHAKES, TWO ()CLOCK.
SHA ni PAID. 111 MAIM
Anglo Mexican (iss. at £5 pm) 100 100 381
Bolanos 300 300 500 485
Brazilian Company 20 5 10e 11 e
Brazilian Imp. (iss. .£5 pm.) 35 20 81 80e
Do. National 25 12e 256
Real del Monte 400 400 40

Ditto Subscript. Thirds 5
United bleu. (iss. at Ai pm.) 40 39i

Se
21

MAILS ARRIVED AND DUE TH'
D. A. D.
1 Dublin ... 0 1 France . 0
) Waterford ..... 0 0 Flanders
u Goer!). do Jersey 0I 1 Holland. 0
O Buenos Ayres... 0 1 Hamburgh . 0
U America.... 1 0 Leeward Islands 0

[S MORNING.

•. 11.
1 Lisbon ..... 0
0 Jamaica 0
O Sweden 1
O Brasil . 0
O Mexico 0

THE EVENING STAR.

I3ON DON.

FRIDAY, APRIL 23.

St. GlOllllll.l DATeHOLIDAT AT TUT BANC

THE KING.

STAR OFFICE, FOUR O'CLOCK.

We have delayed the publication of our Paper till this
I)l.tr, in the hope of being enabled, by the publication of
a Bulletin, to dispel the uneasiness occasioned in the

C►!y, by the carelessness of those persons whose duty
it should have been, by every possible precaution, to
o avoided any additional excitement of the public

mind. It will be seen from our City article, that con-
sidvable alarm was occasioned by the sudden lower-
ing of the Royal Standard, at the Tower, at noon this day,

which circumstance was immediately supposed to in-
di 7sito the receipt of some unfavourable intelligence from
Windsor. It now appears that the order for suspending the
rejoicings at the Tower, was not issued from the Ordnance
Office till nearly twelve o'clock.—We rejoice to find that
this fresh alarm was as unfounded, as we cannotbut think
the neglect in which it originated. is censurable. We
have the satisfaction to state, that the information re-

ceived at all the Government Offices, this day, is of
Oil most gratifying nature. His MAJESTY'S health is
so decidedly improved that it has not been deemed re-
quilite to issue any Bulletin.

This day despatches were received at the Colonial
Office from Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the Cape of Good
Hop°. The latter are dated the 14th of February.

Tho style and purport of the Bulletin, in which the
Phisicians in attendance upon his MAJESTY vouch-
safed to announce the cheering intelligence that " the
Ki ?I 5 is better," have been made the subject of severe
