TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

Sin—ln that memorable incident of Lord Su AFT 29.•
EV HY'S political life, which was detailed in "The STAR,"
of 'aturday evening, there appears a biographical error :
—the " Act for granting Counsel to Prisoners in cases
of High Treason" originated with, and was brought for-
ward by, him soon after the commencement of his par-
liamentary career, and prior to his elevation to the
Peerage. In 1693, ANTHON Y ASHLEY COUPE% was
elected Member for Poole ; and immediately introduced
the Bill in the House of Commons : and on that occa-
sion, although he had prepared a speech for the purpose
of effectually advocating the measure, yet when he stood
up to address the House he was so intimidated, that his
memory failed him, and he was utterly unable to proceed.
When some time had been allowed him to recover his
confusion, he was loudly called upon to " go on,"—and
then he made that brief, but " natural appeal," which has
been accurately cited in your paper.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
Z. A. Z.

Bury Street, St. James's, Nov. 9, 1829.

TABLE TALK,
HISTORICAL, POLITICAL, LEAR.VED, end RUMOBOUt.

—••• Pleasant without scurrility. witty without affection. **do-
does without impudeney, learned without opinion, and senor
without heresy."—Swansmas.
IN VOCATION TO PATRIOTISM....C.ALGACCS, a war-
like Briton, commanding in the North of this Isle, when
he had encouraged his people with a !Ong speech, to with-
stand the Romans, ready to invade them, concluded em-
phatically with these words—" You are now come to the
shocke :—think of your ancestors—think of your pos-
terity !"—for the Britons before the arrival of the Ro-
mans enjoyed happy liberty, and now were in danger of-
most heavie slavery.—CAMDEN'S REMAINS.
HINTS TO ♦ TIMID MINISTER.—EDWARD Fox,
Bishop of Hereford, who was Almoner to HENRY VIII.
and an eminent statesman, in delivering his opinion upon
terms of peace, said that " Honourable terms last long,
but the dishonourable no longer than till Kings hare the

power to break them : the surest way therefore to pre-
serve peace, is a constant preparedness for war. Two
things must support a Government, gold and iron: gold
to reward its friends, and iron to keep under its enemies."
[How would that " Pillar of the Reformation" oe con-
founded, were he to witness the present degeneracy of
the nation, and the complete reversal of his bold, politic,
and just maxims! " The surest way to preserve peace"—
in the opinion of modern statesmen—is a " constant un-
preparedness for war;"—and it matters little in their es-
timation, whether the terms be honourable or dishonour-
able, so that their temporizing and fallacious system be
upheld long enough to serve their own turn. If " gold
and iron" must support a Government, now-a-days, they
are employed not " to reward its friends and keep under
its enemies," but The gold to subsidize, bribe, • and re-
ward its enemies,—and the iron to keep under its best
friends.]
SACRED IMPULSE3.....Sir ANTHONY COOKE, pre-
ceptor to EDWARD VI. was wont to say, " There were
three objects before whom he could not do amiss—his
Prince, his conscience, and his children."

G WAGE 11.--TiIEtORIES AND TUE WHIGf4O--.lf he
headed a party, it was the most glorious ofsall parties—
the national freedom ; if he encouraged and supported a
particular set of men, it was those who distinguished
themselves most in their attachment to that cause ; if be
were averse to another set, he was only averse to them as
public men ; averse to their being in the first departments
of the State ; because their maxims of Government were

incompatible with the happiness of his people ; and when
he did employ them, which be did more frequently than
they deserved to have been, he took care to put out of
their power to practise their mischievous principles, by
distributing them chiefly among the subaltern offices of
Ate 'kat., and by keeping a sufficient number of Whigs
in the higher departments to watch and overrule their per-
nicious projects. —Reign of George 11.
(Who can contrast the prowl condition of the Consti-
tutional Whigs of that reign, with the professed Whigs
of the present, and not exclaim of that once formidable
party, " How are the mighty fallen !"]
POLITICAL COMPLIATICEB.—A wise and good man

may indeed be sometimes induced to comply with a
number, whose opinion he geneially approveth, although
it be perhaps against his own. But this liberty should
be made use of upon very few occasions, and those of
small importance, and then only with a view of bringing
over his own side, another time, to something of greater
and more public moment. But to sacrifice the innocency
of a friend, the good of our country, or our own con-
ncience, to the humour, or passion, or interest of a party,
plainly shows, that either our heads or our hearts are not
as they should be.—Sw z rr. " Sentiments of a Church
of England man."
Tun FAITII OF KINOS.—When RODOALD, King of
_ _

the Fast Angles, being wonne with rewards, was shame-
fully minded to have delivered unto EDELFRIDE, King
of Northumberland, the innocent Prince EDWIN, who

had Bed unto him to be saved from the bloody heads of
EDELFRIDT, who had unlawfully bereft him of his king-
dom ; his wife turned his intent by telling him that " it
etoode not with the high and sacred state of a King to
buy and sell the bodies of men, as it were a petty chap-
man ; or, that which is more dishonourable, slave- like, to
sell away his faith, a thing which he ought to hold more
precious than all the gold and gems of the whole world,
yea, and 14s own life r •--BEDA.
INFLUENCE of MORAL SATIRE.—It was under the
greatest Princes, and best Ministers, that moral satyriste
wore most encouraged; and then Poets exercised the

same jurisdiction over the follies, as Historians did over
the vices, of men.—PorE. Letter to Dr. Arbuthnot.

What the Ambassador of the Sultan may be able to
obtain from the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh, is of course
at present wholly matter of conjecture ; but certainly, if
the treaty of Adrianople is to be strictly adhered to, Eng-
land and France are not likely to be altogether satisfied
with the " magnanimity and moderation" of the Em-
peror. It really appears to the world that they have
been made the tools of Russian policy. The Turk is the
victim of their united councils. They have assisted to
crush the power they wished to sustain ; and Mahmoud,
however exasperated at the conditions imposed by his
avowed foe, will probably think that he has still more
reason to complain of his hollow, heartless friends, or
supposed friends. We do not find in the Ministerial
papers those glowing panegyrics on the personal honour
of Nicholas which once edified their readers. Has con-
quest made him arrogant, or has experience made them
wise ? Have they at length obtained a glimpse of that
all-grasping ambition, for which wshave ever been ready
to give the Emperor credit ? The meeting of Parliament
will call forth some interesting explanations, if these
should not be superseded by events, not to be concealed
from the world.—Sunday Times.
