FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, DECEMBER 10.
The Vienna post did not arrive to-lay. The let-
ters of yesterday contained, as usual, the most con-
tradictory statements. It would appear, however,
that the Sovereigns are preparing to leave Vienna ;
but nobody knows in what state they will leave the
negociations. Some assert that every thing is ar-
ranged—others, that nothing is decided; and a third
party again believe that some general bases have been'
agreed upon, together with the partition of the vacant
countries; but that the definitive organization of Ger-
many has been postponed, and will be referred to a
Diet which will meet at Frankfort. Amidst all this
uncertainty, the Nuremberg Gazette procceds as usual,
without hesitation, and without feeling embarrassed
by what it had said the day before. The following
is an extract from this Journal, of the 3d :

" VIENNA, Nov. 89.
" The Congress has finished its principal business
to-day. The Austrian army will forthwith be placed
on the peace establishment. On the 10th, a mani-
festo will appear upon all the transactions of the Con-
gress. Saxony will cede the two Lusatias. Upper
Lusatia will be given to Austria, and Lower to
Prussia, together with all the left bask of the Vistula.
Austria will have the environs of Cracow."
What seems a little more certain than the news of
the Nuremberg Gazette is, that the King of Bavaria
is expected at Munich in a few days, where many
persons of his suite have already arrived. Arrange-
ments are observed throughout all Bavaria, which
appear to indicate that the army will soon be placed
on a peace footing. Its maintenance on a war esta-
blishment has cost immense sums.
Dec. 11.—For these three days past tiro Secre-
tary of State for the Finance Department has given
public notice of his intention to purchase daily to the
amount of 200,000 francs, in obligations, on the Trea-
sury ; and already these obligations, which had fallen
to a discount of 6 2-3ds per cent. per annum, are ne-
gociated at 4 1.3 a discount.
The Tribunal 4, de premiere instance," at Rouen,
on the 25th of November, condemned Jacques Du-
val, aged 61, writer and newsman, residing at Rouen,
in the penalty of 200 francs, and two years imprison-
ment, for disturbing the free exercise of public wet..
ship, in holding outrageous language concerning
Lours XVI. on the occasion of the service performed
in honour of that unfortunate Monarch, and the august
victims of his family, and for his conduct towards M.
Lefebvre, who censured his culpable behaviour; and
finding that Duval had shewn in various circumstances
that he was an enemy to the reigning family, and that
his seditious discourses rendered him a person dan-
gerous to the public tranquillity, the same tribunal
ordered him to remain under the turveillance of the
High Police during ten years.
The Archduchess Maria Louisa is expected at
Parma in the latter end of December.
MADRID, NOVEMBER SO.
- -

The transaction relative to the Ex-Minister, Ma-
ctnaz, is ended. His Majesty has just issued the fol-
lowing Decree :
44 1 he moment when DIVINE PROVIDENCE delivered
me from the captivity to which intrigne and black
envy had led me, to the great prejudice of my
loving subjects, and in a. way so distressing to my-
self, I was desirous of placing next my heart, and
under my special protection, all those who, following
my fortunes, had shared my slavery. In these pain-
ful circumstances, some have not ceased to be faith-
rbil to me s others, on the contrary, demoralised or in-
meowed by wicked men, have betrayed their duty to
the throne which I fill, have committed flagrant ex-
cesses under shelter of the confidence which I reposed
in them, and abusing that confidence, have dashed
themselves on baseless rocks.—Don Pedro Macanaz
was one of those on whom my early esteem was fixed,
I thought him worthy of it, and therefore appointed
him my Secretary of State, of mercy, and justice,
supposing his conduct would be irreproachable in all
respects. Soon, however, were complaints against
him made to me—these I attributed to envy and dis-
affection.

" At length, finding that these complaints daily
increased, I wished to know the truth myself. My
first inquiries convinced me that he had not only fol-
lowed a system of but little delicacy in his conduct,
and been culpable to a degree that deserved serious
punishment, but that he had betrayed his fidelity to
me at the time when I most required the support of
my well-beloved subjects. I have a right, no doubt,
in virtue of my supreme authority, to make him and
all his accomplices undergo the punishment of the
laws ; but desiring to join mercy with justice, and
being perfectly informed of the circumstances, having
myself seen in the house of Macasaz the evidence of
his weakness, and also of the excesses which he had
committed, I felt it my duty, for the good and com-
fort of my people, to strike at the evil in its root, and
to soften, in some degree, the mifortunts of that
number of persons injured by those weaknesses and
excesses.
" In consequence, I ordain that Don Pedro Maca-
naz be deprived of his office, his emoluments, and his
honours ; and that he be imprisoned during pleasure
in the Castle of San Antonio de Corogue ; that Don
Dyonision Urbino be also deprivedsof his office and
emoluments, banished '2O leagues from the Court
and Royal residences, and that he fix on the place
where be is td retrain confined for eight years, and

L...

besides this, pay It fine of 10,000 francs; that Louise
Petit, a native of France, instantly set forth from my
States for his own country, and give up the sum
found on his person in my presence to the use of the
general infirmary ; that Don Joseph Moragas, mer•
chant of Mahon, pay a fine of £15,000 francs; that
Don Jaime Doz, merchant of Madrid, and his soft
Julian Doz, pay a fine of 6,650 francs • that Don
Lazare de Rode, Francois Estanga, Manuel Da
Cordova, Jean Baptiste Maignien, -Louise Robinet,
and Dominique Grifon pay each a sum of 5.50 francs;
that all the above be acquainted that I am dis.
pleased with tteit conduct, that they must be can.
tious of giving ground for future suspicions; that
1)on Salvador Colomer be informed that he must

hold a conduct suitable to his office, and that ti,c

slightest omission on this point shall be rigorously pc,
nished ; that the sums of 5000 francs, which had been
lodged in the bands of Don Jaime De; and that o:
3,000 remitted to Don Joseph Estanga, as well as
all the fines above specified, be added together, and
applied to the subsistence of the garrison of Madrid.
I ordain that this Sovereign Decree be published,
executed in all its parts, and this my express tildes.
that the process dais terminated be deposited ainong
the archives. (Signed) " II THE KING.
" At the Palace, Nov. To Dos Juan Garrido."

1

Such has been the end of the political existence d
the Minister Macanaz, and of his process, memorable
from the character of the Judge, who, in conformity
to the royal instruction, dictated the sentence. It
appears that the ex-Minister Macanaz, unworthy the
confidence of his august muster, and the office entrusted
to him, was but a man of equivocal morals, and whose
ignorance and mediocrity of talent were brought to
light by his low avarice. Why was it necessary that the
Decree of the 4th of May, and the circular of the 30th
of the same month, by which 25,000 families lost their
security and civil exigence, should be signed by the
same which had received a douceur of 1090 crowns
for an ecclesiastical benefice? We shall speak no more
either of Mr. Macanax, or of this singular process.
On the day of the arrival of the last mail from
France several persons were arrested. The Inquisi.
tion has also ordered some arrests.
For some days past, Government, desirous ef dis-
sipating even the remembrance of the Cortes, has
collected all the papers which notice the operations
of that Assembly—they were taken in two carriages
to the place of la Cebada, where they were burnt with
all the formalities formerly ea*ojed-at an Ala do l.:.
It is astonishing that the new 'Minister, Cevallos, did
not oppose this strange ceremony.
TURIN, NOVEMBER. 24.
By the perfect amity between our Court and Vienna,
the two Austrian battalions in our garrison have ceased
service. Our superb regiment of Guards occupied
to-day the post of honour at the Palace."
VIENNA, NOVEMBER so.
It The Court Gazette of the 29th and 30th, and the
Austrian Observer of the same dates, say nething of
the great news which circulated here in the evening
of the 27t11 I they must, therefore, be looked upon as
false.
The Kings of Bavaria and Wurtemberg, who but
from unexpected causes would have already departed
for their states, will certainly leave this capital in the
early part of next month. On the 10th of December
the Emperors of Austria and-Russia will leave Vienna
for Munich. The Emperor of Austria accompanies
so far the Emperor Alexander, who also proposes to
go to Stung ard and Car,sruhe. The stay of the two
Emperors at Munich will be but short ; neither will
the Emperor Alexander stop long with the King of
Wurtemberg or the Grand Duke of Baden, becatne
he has fixed his solemn entrance into Warsaw for the
Ist of January (0. S.) This would seem to confirm
the report that the Congress has at last adopted the
ttatut quo of 1802, for the limits of Russia and Prussia.
The departure of the Sovereigns will make co
change in the conferences, which will be continued by
the Ministers : every thing leads to presume that they
are by no means near a close, ss some of the Plenipo.
tentiaries have re-taken their lodgings for five or six
months.
Every day the probability of the re-establishment of
Saxbny assumes new consistency; and it is the general
remark, that if the King remount his throne, he will
be indebted for it to the powerful mediation of Austria
and France.
All Saints Fair has just closed here. It has not
answered the exportations of the merchants; the wan;
of specie checks every kind of commerce.
There arrives here a good deal of specie by the
routes of .Frankfort and Nuremberg. It is said to bo
arrears from the Low Countries; but our financhil
situation does not seem improved by it.
ROME, NOV. 21.
It would appear that the mission of Prince Ester,
hazy to King Joachim has had agreeable results for
us. That Prince, on his arrival here, had a conference
with Cardinal Paces, in which he is uaderstood to
have informed him that orders had been issued by the

Court of Naples to withdraw the Neapolltan tronys
which occupied the States of the Church, except the
Marches. The Neapolitan division of General Mac-
donald, which was defiling by the Abruzzes, has ac-
cordingly received orders to suspend its march.—
Prince Esterhazy has also announced that the Aus-
trian troops which occupied the ecclesiastical territory
will speedily evacuate it.
We are assured that the Cabinet Courier Babill,
who passed through here on the 12th from Vienna,
has announced that all the arrangements relative to
King Joachim have been settled at the Congress, atd
that every thing regarding the claims of the old All
new Sovereigns of Naples was conciliated.
The Queen of Etruria declared, at a late audience,
that she was well satisfied with the arrangements ‘,l
the Congress relative to her son. Some people stay,
that he will be declared Duke of Ravenna.
FLORENCE, NOVEMBER 2.5.
•

We are assured that the Ex• Princess of Lucca, in
consequence ot the warm solicitations ot our Gana
Duke to the King of Naples and the Court of Vienna►
has succeeded in retaining in her possession the 14112
state of Piombino ; but on the express condition that
she shall pay a certain sum to the House of AppiAll4
formerly Sovereigns of the country. The principality
of L'iombino will be governed by the Ex. Princess, and
its revenues divided between Madame Bucciochi 3ad
the Marquis of Piombino. The Marquis, under the
French Government, was Paymaster of the 'Pressor
at Rome.

I.

t Louise
ions my
he sums
se of day - k
att MOT.
►ce g that
his sou
that Dort
'nue. De
Robinetv
i 0 francs; .
am dis.
st be cau.
ions ; that

he must
that the
avu.sly pa%
t had been.
nd that of
as well ab
ether, and
Dr Madrid.
published,
press order,
ited among
.HE
:arrido."

of
memorable
conformity
!ntence. Ic
nvrorthy the
ce entrasted
4 and whom
brougia to
Pry thattim
r of the 30tli
lea lost Avis

Iced hr the
Opo ;roams
eak nomore
it proem.
mail *sill
Che
• .1
sirens of ditit
Cortes, has
a- operations

wo eavrieges
re burilt with
tit Aigo*fit.
Cevallos, dial

t am& isrma
n haTi
irds occupied
•

;Tl'

iiiobe
gir width**
the eegobig
aid or" a 4
berg, who bat
eady departed
cof the
Decembir
I have View)*
a swanyinies

propiises to
ay ot tile two
; nekhot will
h the Sing of
Wet!, bombe
Varsaw fOr the
et.en to conferee
it adopted the
iia and Prossla.
will make
>e continued by
!bumo that they
of the Plenipo-
i far fire or si4

staislishoost of
it is the general
throne, lie wit
Won of Aostrio

re? It has not
bants j the wan;
rce.

F specie by the
It is said to be
it our &mutat
it.

of Prince Ester•
able results for
lad a conference
understood to
'en issued, by the
rapobtan troors
arch, except ;he
General Mae-
bruxzes, has ac-
id its march.--1.
.td that the Ans-
tiastical territory

Couries
kh from Vienna,
menu relative to
le Congeal, aid
s of the old and
listed.
t a late audience,
arrangements of
nne people :ptte►
venna.
IL 25.

ma: of Lucca, in
as of our Grand
Court of Vienna,
'session the I.loe
is condition that.
loose of Appiall4
The priori:Wit?
Ea7Princess, and
to Bucci and
rqois, ugsder the
r of the Tetuan:
' '

tin 44 Aft:
