.. t* —• .
. . . . !
. .
. -
•
PiloitElizalL k ,MAUL tAtin.4l4lENol ,
1 s
PLYMOUTH EtOCGUIVARY 14.
HYDE PARK, owing to the fineness of the day, was Sailed the CROCUS brig at voilv (Needs Deis, ea tear
on Sunday crowded' with company. The Ilikr were toasters, for Falmouth.
adorned with mantles, cloaks, and pelisses of velvet The PRINCE.SSIFRARUITTIt lat PAbLAS frigates ire ordered
silk, and Spanish cloth. Scar
round %ere from ortsminitli, and may be hourly track/W.
lt, 'violet, orange, and The ship -mentioned ;fly former tercet, as being alb Ore all
browns, were generally worn, and the fur used for Drake's Wand, was not the Bkunearick, bvt the limins; *Oa,
trimming added much _to the taste of the wearers.— New Brunswick, with timber for the Dock-yard. Sao was gat
Several ...adies, who left their carriages to visit the oft' again next tide.
Captain EDDINGTON, of the Duke of Kr,
prommoir, were remarkable for purple velvet pelisses, ..-ship;
oant
thdentenreewbf his crew, came home ep ionhtehoef Rosins.
are at L
stack
' re
richly embroidered behind with Austrian knots, and on a rock in the Bay of Fundy, and sunk almost Immediately; '
figures worked with silver lace. Others wore green her mainmast went through the bottom. • One man was lust in
cloth pelisses, with caps of the same. The green is her : the remainder got into the boats, and reached a neighbour-
dark (similar to the Rise uniform), ornamented With big Wand, irlf wh
sian aichhipath,eirowmere takeneel
forby tnhoeußrdortax:
with
ship.
black worsted lace in figures, with lining of dark fur. timber, hemp, and tallow, were sent in here to-day, prizes is
The Ladies were numerous, but the severity of the one of our cruising frigates.
wind prevented many from extending their walk be- Two Spanish feluccas, which have lain here several years,lntv e
yond the Bridge. Clouds of dust also annoyed the been
reHcted,
ctolli and sailed
tihnilitheyStoorunTitihzi's day ; but notWith-
fair pedestrians. A lair Cyprian attracted general standingthere have been several arrivals of this sort, (owing to
attention by her conspicuous attire. She was dressed the monopoly among the Black Dismend M.-mimes), the price
t •
in a yellow silk pelisse, a scarlet velvet girdle, cap still keeps up at the scandalous rate of 4s. 6d. per bushel.
of the same, and yellow laced boots with scarlet heels. PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 15.
Her deportment was graceful, and she revolved Arrived Ills Majesty's ship DIANA, from thde Down;. Sailed
among the fashionable stars to admire, and be ad- thet h e Phocal
Lc FAT z
Ceres,f o ther
ari Cdap
Hope
theand
thraoz
Qi so, withEa
xc
mired. The Beaux were very numerous, and great- frigate to the 'Westward.—Wind E.N.E.
coats of a dark colour were universally worn, the
YARMOUTH, JANUARY 15.
pockets outside and the skirts very inconveniently
Yesterday P. M. the offing appeared like a grove, by the passing
reaching to their heels. A few sheep-din caps made of four hundred sail of Merchant ships, under the convoy of se-
their appearance, but they excited so much mirth veral men of war froth the Baltic : the wintblowipg a gentle
among the ladies, that their wearers seemed anxious bretae from the N. E. they must, ere now, have reached their
" to hide their diminished heads ;" and, if possible, destination.rssanc Sailedt A? i
111 this s morning t
withlt e Pthael iscc, irt ssssoC: a ot. r hvrzi , Na z -
escand
pe the general gaze. The PERSIAN AMBASSA the TARTARUS and frigates,
ALLRT,for the westward.- gunArrivenhegi.so-
Don took an airing among the carriage folks. He as IT Si ILU s sloop of war from the Baltic; and 134.az et from a
was attended by his interpreter, and appeared interes. I cruize. Two foreign easels, laden with wheat, arc drove ea
ted by the groups of elegant females which caught
shore on Harbro' Beach, by the last gale et wind—ships and ears%
goes will he saved. Remain in the Roads the Defence, 74 guns;
his eye on the parade. His servant stood behind the Tartar, Roebuck, Bruiser, Eplitra,• Drake, Bold, Blossom, Rich-,
carriage, clad in the Persian costume, viz, a scarlet robe, mond, Starling, and Musquitto.—Half past one, sailed the Da-
sash, and black cap. Among the Equestrians were FENCE, of 74 guns; and Sza.atino gun brig.--Wind N. E.
...
his Royal Highness the Duke of CUMBERLAND, Lord DEAL, JANUARY 15.
LIVERPOOL, Lord FOLKESTONE, Major THORNTON, Arrived his Majesty's ship MINOTAUR, from the• Baltic. Sailed
Mr. PERCEVAL, aCC. BCCe The Princess of WALES the DIANA frigate for Portsmouth.—Wind West.
drove round the Park, accompanied by Lady C-1 FROM LLOYD'S LIST.
LINDSAY. The approaching birth day has drawn I GRAVESEND, JAN. 15.—Arrived the Ann, STEEL, from Lis-
many families to town, and several of the Nobility'i bor. Sailed the Eagle, Wats za, for Malta; Susannah, BFNDAL,
for Dublin; Two Elizas, Lovtz, for Sligo ; and the Minerva,.'
were seen among the promenaders.
—, for St. Sebastians.
The Mary, TRIVAN, is on shore on Margate Sand.
The Pitt, FORSTER, from Jamaica, was driven on
shore in Hearn Bay, on Saturday last.
The Brothers, ALEXANDER, from Martinque to
London ; the Pomona, Fox, from Picton ; and tire
Rambler, HODSON, from Seville, Nave been captured
by the Sarate French privateer, of 14 guns ; the two
former re-taken, and, with the privateer, carried into
Plymouth, by the PLOVER sloop of war ; the latter
was found scuttled, bat was repaired by the PLOVER,
and sent for Plymouth.
The Northern Friends, ELatnr, from to
Carlsham, was deserted the 22d ult.—Crew saved by
the Gascon French privateer.
ROTTERDAM, JAN. 9. •
Arrived at Terschelling the American ship Su-
sanna, Captain D2leno, from New York, with a cargo
of potash and tobacco, a prize to the Wagrarn and
Loup Garrou privateers.
PARIS, JANUARY 7. .
.
- Le buccal privateer, of Bourdeaux, has put into'
L'Orient, after a cruize of 48 days, to repair dama-
Ees, and to land her prisoners. She captured three
nglish vessels. The first was a gallica of 70 tons,
bound from Malta with a cargo of dried fruits, and
2000 kilograms of raw silk. After taking out the
silk and the crew he was compelled to abandon this
prize, in consequence of being chaced by a frigate.—
The second was a vessel of 300 tons, bound from i

- .
Dierir
JAI4UARY 7.
Ttis Eminence the Prince Primate is to ocettPir the
Hotel Marbeuf, in the suburb of St. Honore,
The new Chamberlains of his Maj..sty the Empe-
ror yesterday took the oaths in his Majesty's preseacr.
The Imperial carriages that had been lent at Vien- .
na passed through Nancy on the on their way tO
Paris, laden with glass cases, containing various ani-
mals and insects.
Letters from Bask of the 27th tilt. state, that pro-
secutions are going on in the Grisons against, indivi.
duals accused of havitg favoured the Austrians and
Tyrolese insurgents in the late war.
The special commission at Coire has summoned
Alois Pinola de Como to appear at its bar.
An article from Madrid of the 21st ult. says.
" The war already kindled among the Members
of the Junta has not, as might be easily foreseen, colt.
fined itself to that body. The populace of Seville,
among whont England has caused guineas to bedis-
tributed by handfuls as the price of a fee, ports and
a few vessels of which the wishes to get possession,
have mingled their excesses with the disorders usually
incident to anarchical assemblies. We accordingly
learn, that blood has flowed in the streets of Seville ;
and that several Members of the Junta have become
the victims of the delirium in which they themselves
participated.
" The Cabinet of London relies more than ever
upon Romano ; and its Generals promise t• support
him, but at a distance, and with their accustomed
prudence—provided always that the reinforcements
expected from France do not too soon disconcert
these new combinations.
The square de Toros will, according to his Ma-
jesty's orders, be speedily restored to its. former state
and the diversion of bull fighting, which, owing to
circumstances, had been suspended, will he resumed,
" In proportion as the French troops advance into
the provinces lately occupied by the insurgents, the
different towns which they approach send deputations
to the Generals to inforM them of their submission,
and to request garrisons, to which they promised the
best treatment."


• The 5 per cents. with dividend from the 22d Sep-
tember were yesterday at 79 f. 60 c. Bank stock,
122 d f. 25 c. The dividend upon this stock for the
last half year will begin to be paid to.morrotv. It is
declared to be 37 f. besides an arrear of S f 50 e. per
share.

Tim FROST.—SO intense was the frost on Sunday
night and ye,terday, that the ponds in the vicinity of
town were frozen Aver, and the ice in some places
was upwards of two inches thick. The Canal in St.
James's Park was also covered with ice, sufficiently
strong to bear the weight of several persons who ven-
tured across, with more hardihood than prudence,
which in one instAnce was nearly attended by a fatal
catastrophe. A young man, who saw many persons
on the ice opposite the price, got over the railing, at
the end next the Horse Guards, and imprudently
ventured a few yards on the Canal ; but scarcely had
he got nut of reach of the shore, when his weight
burst through, and he was instantly immersed to his
chin in water. F ton itely he had not advanced suf-
ficiently towards the centre, or he must inevitably
have been drowned. As it was, his hands and face.
were much cut, and on reaching the bank, which ha
v. 33 only enabhxi to do by breaking the ice te")-apii
proached, he exhibited a most, deplorable figure, and
left the park with his curiosity fully gratified as to the
strength of the glassy ssarTace. The basin in tht
Green Park was. likewise frozen over, but the Serpen-
tine River, in Hyde Park, owing to its exposed situa-
tion, was but partially covered,
THEA Tat, COVENT-GARDEN.—Saturday night Mrs.
WESTON, from Liverpool, made her first appearance
• The M -chant This Lady had

•
MADRID, DEC. 20.
His Excellency Marshal the Duke of Elchingen
has arrived at Valladolid, on his return from France.
It is confidently stated, that he is to resume the com-
mand of one of the armies.
According to reports which seem entitled to credit
the English have resolved to evacuate altogether the
environs of Badajos, and to take a more secure posi-
tion on the frontier of Portugal. It is even rumour).
ed, that they are already but a very short way from
Lisbon.
The inhabitants of the South of Spain have heard
of the defeat. at Ocana with the utmost dismay.—
The partizans and hirelings of England have now no
other resource than to inform their wretched dupes
"thit their misfortunes *re to be entirely,ettributed to
the ignorance and tteachery of the Commander in
Chief.
A number of Addresses are daily published here,
with a view of convincing the incredulous, and to
bring them back to a sense both of their duty and
their interest. Several of these productions have been
particularly addressed to the inhabitants of the pro-
vince of Valencia, because that pro Vince be:ng the

bemost wealthy, and lying nearest to the capital, most
the i file greatnessnecessit
yo
of f thepe
vdeaunt
ignegr i
tthatby
in Portia, in _ ...err aof Yam?. •ris , ....y ha(
Quebec to London, with spars and deals.—The third
not to contend with the embarrassment of a first essay was a vessel of 300 tons, bound from Rio Janeiro to mpr e siste, danwdifteheld
on the stage, with the business of which she shewe.l
London, with a cargo of coffee, sugar, hides, cotton,
herself perfectly conversant. In her person she is ra- a speedy submission. . and wool. Of these, he dispatched the former on threatensi
The Canton a Lucerne has issued a Decree Ma-
ther above the middle size. Her countenance is ex- .
' the 23d ult. for aport, and he parted from the latter ZURICH, DEC. M.
pressive, and reminded us occasionally of Miss DUN- •
in a gale, on the night of the 24th, in lat. 49. 30. N.
CAN. In her action she is redundant, and she wants
long. 9. 4. He took nut of her 2000 dollars and two five to the Swiss troops in Spain. It sets forth, that
ease and grace in her deportment. Her voice, which is
deration, and the tenor of the military arrangements
packets of topazes. These two prizes are expected its duties towards the august Mediator of the Confe•
more powerful than melodious, does not seem capable/ h made to aveh some port in Brittany. The Captain
concluded with Spain in 1804., do not perrr:it•subjectil
of much varietyofimodulation. Her best passage was in
state that, the 22d ult. at day-break, he discovered a
of the Canton to serve under the coloura of Powers at •
vessel, which appeared to be in great distress, having
war with France. The Lucerne soldiers in the service
pronouncing judgment on the Jew, in which she chew- states;
down.now within
ed sufficient dignity. Upon the whole, she met with
only her. mainmast standing, and not a rag of sail
of Spain, and who have borne arms against Fiance,
a favourable reception.—Mr. CoORE9S Shylock was in-
upon
.it. On passing under her stern, which was
are consequently summoneiderstollvahyo 1
stove in, he saw several men, who were almost ex-
imitable, and drew frequent bursts of general ap-
plause. The house was full. hausted, and who could only lift up their hands to Those officers and sold'
their compliance with the summons, will be deprived
i izens ip, and banished from the ter.
g implore compassion. He made the most pi om2t ex- six months after the publication of the Deeree, prove •
When the Persian Ambassador was lately crossing
ertions for their relief, and six of these unfortunate
the Stage of the King's Theatre, to proceed to his
beings, including the Captain, were taken. on board of the right of c't. If
Box, two Figurantes were so heinously rude, as to
point at his Excellency, and laugh immoderately at e privateer in a most lamentable condition. They
th• ' ntory of Lucerne.
The other Cantons would have had been nine days on the wreck, without a morsel
measure,lead they not been retrained by the . yi. •
hn beard and habiliments, which he, unluckily per•
adopted a similar
of food. The name of the vessel was the Northern
that this is a subject for the consideration 13-
Ima
-
ceiving, shrugged up his shoulder in astonishment.
For some years past there has been detained by our Friend, John Elm master ; and she was bound to
of spars.—The privateer will which, having concluded the-
of the Diet,
relative to the five regiments ianrrhaenrgseerrirvenicte,wieatt Spama
Government certain effects belonging toTaeeevnarte, Chatham with a cargo-
dispose of the whole or part of such r •
books, papers, &c. within. a short period, M. TALLEY- shortly proceed to•sea to complete her cruize.
MUNICH, DEC. 29. regiments.
1 RAND wrote a letter, requesting these effects to be sent Arrived at Brest, on the 29th ult. the Calde, of
to him, which our Government readily complied with. Petersburgh, Capt. Horatio Moore, a prize to the
The Deputies from lasi:muck have hail
Confiance privateer. She left Lisbon, on the 2d for
ferentes with our Prime Minister Baron de Mon eras
It is reported, but we have not learnt on what au-
Liverpool. Her cargo consists of 229 hogsheads f several con-
thorky, that some French frigates had arrived in In- I
-dia, and that the mutinous Native Regiments had tobacco, 85 barrels of potash, and 16,000 pipe staves. and have since ret to the Tyrol. The towns of
joined the Nizam, on hearing that the King's troops i The same privateer burnt, on the 18th ult. the Ame- g • ago u •
nxen an tsen, with •several of the Italian dis.
I titan brig the John, which was on her passage from
were advancing against them. I tracts, have also sent deputations to the , London to St. Mary's, one of the Azores—She was Government
AFRICA.—About eighteen months ago, a detach- . It is intended, ace dor mg to report, to make some I
se
in le'llast. The prisoners taken in the former prize
meat set Out from the Cape, consisting of Captain ;arc nt chan • ges in the Government of the T arc 12 Americans and a passenger; in the latter four Tyrolese
DoNovaN, of the 32d, a Surgeon, arid some Hot. HAMBURGH, JAN. & •
Englishmen and a Swede. .
tentot soldiers ; but the object of their mission was ' The late King
I A vessel, by the M. Chauchard privateer, of Sweden is expected here on or
for a long time kept secret. These travellers, after I ' taken
before Frida next. said to be laden with o •
and p rt wine, has arrived at 1
meeting many of those accidents which usually retard,. It is Conquet.understood that the definitive or • •
gantzation of
the progress of a dangerous acid difficult enterprize
' ' .T 1 French • : leprivateer le Decide has captured two the Hanse. Towns is postponed until a general
have been traced as far as Leetako, a very considerablepeace.
English brigs in the Mediterranean. There is a rumour of the erection of the • • village,which has been discovered some years ago, and incipa4
The ship Francis has arrived at Rochelle from lities of Fulda and Erfurth, and the Lordship H - Ha-
which is described in Mr. Barrow's Travels to Cochin
Philadelphia, in 32 days, with 160 passengers. nau, into a Grand Duchy, which is to be Pa-
China. • Since their departure from that village, the , admitted
A letter from Naples of the 16th ult. mentions the into the league of the Rhine.
fate of the mission was unknown, and its success was . •
arrival there of a brig from .Salem, laden with co- BANKS OF THE ELBE, DEC. as. despaired of, when the news of its arrival in the vicinity .
lonial produce, aprize to the Nea • at Frankfort of the Portuguese settlements, on the Mosambique
,„-A
coast, arrived at the Cope. The Governer has since '
Arrivedure* St. Jean de dull. Purchasers limited their 1 ' TerY
at Luz the American ship the most necessary articles, be' sPecu-ations to the
received dispatches from them. They have not, in the . j being aware off• the cha ge
Joseph, Samuel Stacq master,
captured on the 26th of system
=Vie of their proceeding of more than a thousandadopted by the Prussian Government a"--
ult. by the Entreprertante
privateer. She was bound
.respect to that fair. In f 'nth •
inure, the importation and
leagues, discovered any_: eel savages, except the Dutch
from Marbleheadf 'or Gijon, with a cargo of sugar, sale of all foreign m
inhabitants of the frontier provinces of the colony. erchandize will be c 1
. pepper, cocoa, and codfish.
p etely
Every where else they were received with kindness ; letterAfree, with the exception, however, of English. mere
from Leghorn of the 26th ult. says, that chandize.
they have found wild camels and cameleopards, and
the R 1 'of CY esorubprivateer, etre, had carried in there According
hive obrzrved very singular arrangements in the eats-
two-En
.g is vessels, captured in the channel of Malta. Minister uced Wei]
blishments bf the natives, their• property, the furnitureSruenzee, only the products of - et
• Their caraoes oconsisted of flax-seed, liquorice, mad. •
f •MAIM •
of their houses, and the system of slavery which exists der,nu actones could be sold at this s fair.
and other dye-stuffs.
throughout the interior of Africa.—They. are ncAvl The manufactories of Berbn hAye' ,in the eon ear ----'
proceeding to the town of Mosambique, where it is
BREAD.-To-day ! the present year, resumed their fo • • there was no Court of Ald•rr ei cg the war the number of activity. Dant
intended to send a ship to bring them back, to thecothun rnanufactor sway
- - i
—the
Loan MAYOR, after inspectit g the returns, or- reduced to three
Cape of Good Hope. 1• now
. , dered it to rise Id. per Peck. p hoVit Vero theft ire
04. AA) iii
fall employment.

,


/
