GREECE.

Tlt'Sf THE ETOILE 01P WEDNESDAY.
PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. • •
" Ltamoex, Si',. se.
" After so many vague and contradictory reports
respecting the late events in Greece, we. have just te•
ceived the most authentic dispatches respecting the
battle which has once 'mote saved M;ssol'righi friirn
the fury of the barbarians. The Porte, tired of the
promises of Redschid, and despairing of his ever making
himself master of that town, had exiled him to Asia,
where death will perhaps soon overtake him. Jussuf
Pacha, being appointed in his room, left Patras, the
command of which he gave up to lbr•hint, with the
Turkish fleet and 7,000 men, commanded by the apos-
tate S Ives. These troops joined the remains of the
army of Redschid Pacha, and, on the SO .h of December,
Missolonghi was again attacked by sea and land. The
garrison defended it with unparalleled courage: yet i;
was threatened with total destruction, when the G:eek
fleet, consisting of 72 vessels, appeared in the Gult. The
brave Miaulis manseuvred on this occa,ion with so
much ability, that he forced the Turco•Egyptian fleet
to a general action: it was very obstinate. The ship
of Miaulis was sunk, but he happily got on board ano-
ther, with his crew. At length victory declared for the
Greeks: the enemy took to fl;ght, 'after having lost
about 16 vessels, as well frigates as brigs, which were
burnt and sunk. The Greeks lost four vessels, the
crews of which were almost all saved. As for the
Turks who attacked on the land side, they not only
failed in their enterprise, but after having been driven
far from the town by the garrison of 7.000 men, and
by 5,000 fresh troops whom Miaulis had landed, they
were almost all destroyed. A report is even current
at this moment, which, if true, would crown the joy
of the Greek:. It is said that Colocottoni, profiting
by the absence of Ibrahim Pacha, has made himself
master of Tripolizza, the Egyptian garrison of which
has been cut to pieces.

THE EVENIN(i STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1625.
STOCK EXCHANGE., TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols opened at 791 for the Account, and soon after there
were Sellers at the above price; there is scarcely anything doing
the Matket. Consols are to the present time 791 Buyers for the
Aecetust, and far Money 791.
The Foreign Market is in a state of stagnation.
Current Prices: Old Spanish 1111, Mexican 661, Colombian
New nl, Austrian 911 92, Russian 84%. Buenos Ayres 3 2 disc..
Brazilian Bonds 59J 601, Greek Bonds 151, Exchequer Bill, par
tot discount. ONE O'CLOCK. 9'
Within this hour the Consol Market has taken a change by far
more favourable than in the earlier part of the morning. Consols
have been done at 801 fer the Accuant, and considerable sales have
been made at the above price. One of the eminent Brokers has
given 4 per Cent. for the call of a large Let at 82, fur the whole
of the present Account.
PtIICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 2111,E 2121,E
S per Cent. lied. 8014 %
3 per Cent. Cons. 79% s/s 801 80
51 per Cent. 893/3 Vs
51 per Cent. lied. 88% 89
4 per Cent. 96% 97 967/it
Long Ann. 19% g
India Stock 2341%
India Bondi. 6 4
1.1,000 Exclieq. Bills par. 1 dis. 1 prem.
£101) and £2OO dirto 2 5 prem.
Cons. for Acct. 79 ;ft 80511 Vs
EXCHANGE.
Sr. PETERS• 1111141111, Jaw. 19.—0 n London, 1 1.5.16th1.
FRENCH FUNDS, Pasts, Fenno...ay 2.
Five per Cents. . 99f. 55f.
Three per Cents. .
Bank Stock •
Bente' de Naples •
Haytian Loan • • • 785 f.
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Austrian lids 5 p Ct 921 92 flex. Scrip.
Brazilian Bonds, Neapolitan Bond.,
Ditto Acct. Perim. lids. ni p C.
Du.Serip,spC.lB2s, Ditto Acct.
Buenos Ayres Bonds Ditto Scrip, 1825,6 p C.
Chili= Bonds, 6 p Ct. Poi tuguese Bond.
Colombian lids, tip C. Pruss. Ilk. Sp C. 931
Do. lids 1824, 581 Do. Bonds. 1822, 92%
Po. Aec. 58% 1 19 Si Ituss.lids,lB22, Sp C. 341 1
Danish Bonds, 581 Ditto Acct. 841 1
Do. Marks Span. 5 p Ct. C. 11% 12
Doak's, 5 pC. 1825, Ditto for Arc.
Ditto Acct. Ditto 510,
Greek Molds p. Ct..C. 1823,
Do. lids, 11125, 151 141 kends Reines, 5p C.
Ditto Acct.l6 • Exchange,
Ale:. Bonds 5 p. Ct. 611 French Itentet, 5 p C.
Ditto Acct. 5 p C. Exchange,
On. 8d5,1825,6 pC. 661 1 1 Guatemala Bonds,
Do. Acct. 661 1 1 1 ► 1 Ditto &rip
BItLTISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.

United Mexican

SH • it N.
40

. Of.
. 2045 f.
. 77f. 25c.

M. 1w
20

Ditto Ne* 40 10 I'4
British Iron COmpany • 100 C 5 141
Gold Coast Asiociation 100 5 4
Proicial Bank of Irrfand 100 10 Si
Rios& la Plan AgricuL Can. 100 5 i

Our Readers will observe with satisfaction, that at
the Meeting of the Proprietors of Bank Sock, which
was held yesterday, the utmost readiness was evinced,
by a very large majority, to meet the wishes of
'`is Majesty's Government, for improving the state
of the Currency, as far as that depends on the sur-
render of the exclusive privileges of the Ba.•.k. This.
important Establishment has acted wisely, and prudent-
ly, by such a well-timed concession. The later from the
Earl of Ltv EltfOOL, which was read to the Meeting, car -
not fid to attract the atteLtion of the puttlic,as it et..!

I.,„dies the views of Ministers:Ott the prtsent asyeet or
.jmmercial credit, and on the ilheans of restoring it to
wonteJ vigour. This docuMent is to be printed,
.nd until we shall have had an opportunity of con.
)iJering it, with all the attention which its importance
demands, We must postpone such observations as the
T. Lure of the -subject is eminently calculated to awaken.
T:ie basis, however, of the improvement which Govern-
ment I.)ok I rward to, consists in at return to cash pay-
!lien's by All possible mans. This end is undoubtedly
forwaided by the propoied suppression of small notes•
But it never can be lintirey accomplished by any

conceivable process, 'fat that of limiting within a very
narrow compass the'amount of circulating medium in
paper. Nor is the question, in our humble opinion,
materially alteredby the-ultimate validityof such paper.
rn whatever quantity the Bank of England, or any
other establishment, shall issue their notes beyond the
_
amount of gold and silver actually in their posse-sion,

of which such notes profess to be tie representative, to
that same extent, and nu further, is the power of the
rrecious metals to purchase commodities diminished.
;::aless, therefore, the contemplated improvements are
to reach so far as to restrain the amount of paper sent
forth, prices will corrinue to else slowly, gradually,
and certainly, as we have recently witoessed, ' until
they attain their old level, such as they were before
the removal of the restriction as to cash. payments!
Left to themselves, the Country Banks, although each
and every one of them shall be as solvent as the Bank of
Elgland, are not likely, because of that solvency and of
the superior credit which is its necessary result, to re-
strain the quantum of circulating medium in paper.—
N,,; is such a consequence to be expected from the
establishment at the principal cities in the country,
of branches of the Bank of England, of which
we observe the Directors think favourably. This
must greatly increase the issues of the Bank, which
many are disposed to consider quite large enough
already ; and we cannot, without fear and trem-
bling, lonic forward to the possibility of such an ex-
tension of the paper circulation as shall affect the
market price of gold. vire know the inevitable conse-
quence wiil be the renewal of the Bank Restriction on
cash paymeas.
The case of Scotland is referred to, in proof of the
efficacy of unlimited partnerships in Banking concerns.
We have already shewn, at some length, that from the
mere circumstance of simple contract debts bearing in-
terest in that country, a smaller quantity of circulating
medium suffices for the purposes of ordinary affairs.—
Thus, as stated by the Earl of LIVERPOOL, there are
only thirty banks its Scotland, while there are between
eight and nine hundred in England. The discussion of
these su'ijects, however, in Parliament, is at hand, and
ve, in common with the rest of the nation, wait the
event wills no small, anxiety.
In the Royal Speech at the opening of Parliaments
on Thursday, his MAJESTY announced the conclusion of
a. Convention between this Country and France, foundqt
on those liberal principles of trade and navigation
which received the sanction of Parliament last Session.
This Convention is also a sdhject of congratulation in
the Speech of the King of France, to the Chambers, on
Tuesday last. His Majesty CHARLES X. says it will
lender more uniform and less onerous, the condition to
Which the reciprocal navigation of the two kingdoms*
and their colonies, are subject, and he declares that be
expects from it, happy results to maritime commerce;
that such will be the case we have no doubt.
The principles of trade and navigation to which the
Royal Speech alludes, are those established by two
Acts which passed the Legislature last Session. By
one of these it was enacted, that the privilege then first
granted ta foreign ships, should be limited " to ships of
those countries which, having colonial possessions,
should giant the like privileges of trading with those
possessions to British ships."
If, however, instead of meeting us on this basis, any
country should levy higher duties on British produce
or manufactures than upon those of another nation,
it is provided, by another Act, also passed in the
last Session, to counteract the effect of such policy, by
enabling his MAJESTY, by Order in Council, to direct
,at there should be levied an additional duty, not
exceeding one•fifth of the amount of the existing duty,
Lyon all inerchandize, the growth, produce, or manu-
lecture of any country levying higher duties on our
bierchandixe than on that of any other nation.
In pursuance of those principles of (tee trade which
.uit Government has adopted, we began in the most
t,heral way towards France, by reducing the duties on
ler wines, without demanding any equivalent, and
sonie persons thought we had carried our liberality too
tar; toe French Government, however, must have felt
how well the twe Acts prevented any Power taking an
undue advantige of our concession, which was, in fact,
sttioly conditional so far as regarded the colonies, and
partly so is: respect to the wines, the duties of which
ve cotild at once increase one fifth. The French Go.
sell merit has, therefore, wisely recognized the principles
end the Convention to which we have

tave stated, and the Hanseatic towns,
:ies wit% us on this principle of reci-
Government of the Netherlands has
policy, and the consequence is, that
to his MAJDTY by the Act of last
•liforced against that country. This
!ruing to tne i.Gmiurs Gaulle of Tiles-
's two tattlers in Council, imposing
iu Netherland ships, the addition of
ring duties, and levying on every
laden with silt an outward tonnage
pei ton, if bound to the Netherlands.
,lected, that so , e of the F. each J.4lr-
the iJea ut a CoilltliettiAl treaty be•
• and France; they will now be sur-

prised to (lad, tl.at what they declared imposcihle or.
impolitic; ha' been effected; and that not only the princi-
ples, hut the diplomatic poiig of Mr. Hoectssom,
completely triumphed. • ,

This forenonn we received the Austrian Ueserver to
the 2SJ ult. It contains an esposi, of the mistatementsl
in the private correspondence of certain FI ench Journals,
respecting the time the news of the Emperor Autitam • ,
DIM'S death readied Zante, and the manner in which it
was-received in Greece. Leaving, however, theinurn
of Paris and Vienna to settle these matters themselves,
we shall only quote from the Austrian Observer, the
following sho:t article:
VIENNA. -ANVILS', 51.

Accotding to accounts fromConstantinople,of the 25th December
little information of any consequence kad been received front the
theatre of war since the last post. A letter of Admiral Nikons,
dated oil Clarenza, inserted in the Hydra Gazelle of the 2d of
December, fully confirms the news of his unsuccessful attack on
the division of the Turkish nett stationed at the entrance of the
Gulf of Patras.

Besides Euuney Bey and Nedsthid Effendi,.the.Commissioners
sent to Greece, several Greek Priests of high rank have likewise
been sent thither by the Porte, to exhort their deluded countrymen
to submission. The Sultan has, at the same time, sent fresh orders
to all Governors and Pachas of the Provinces inhabited by the
Greeks, to treat all Raja* with mildness, to protect their rights,
and to refrain from all violence and oppression. The uews of the
unexpected death of the •Emperor of Russia, at Taganrog, was
brought here an the. 2241, by several letter* from Odessa.
Just at our Paper was going to Press, we received
the Constitutionnel of Thursday, and the t toile of yes-
terday. Nothing of interest occurteJ in either of the
Chambers, for the Legislative Body in France does ;tot
proceed so soon to business as in England. The Moils
contains the speech of the Duke of CAsnotpost, on
opening the Assembly of the States of Hanover, on the
24d ultimo.
An article from. Madrid of the 25th ult. states, that
a Spanish Ambassador will be sent to this country, and
among the persons named as likely to be appointed,
are the Duke of SAN CARLOS, Comte d'ALCUDIA, and
M. de LABRADOR*

Letters from Trieste of the 17th ult. confirm the ac-
count of the successes of the Greeks at Missolonghi,
and repeat the report that CoLccomtNi had retaken
Tripolizza.

The Roilecontains an article from St. Petersburgh,
bat it is dated so tar back as the 21st of December,
and contains nothing new. _
__

The Corraitutimi:Nel states, that NA VARZTO. the
Aide-de-Camp of Hot.tvAir, has left Paris for England,
and that the Liberator has decided to command the ex-
pedition against COM.
Letters have been received from the Havann,rh of
the 16th December, but they bring no news.

Wimpsou, Fez. 3.—The unfavourable state of the
weather, for some time past has rendered the drives in the Great
Park so extremely damp and unpleasant, that his Manure declines
for the present taking any airings.—Yesterday forenoon Prince
ESTI AAAAA Count and Countess Lunar, the Duke of Down?.
and Lord Guavas, his Ma-naves remaining visitors, took their
departure from the Royal Lodge.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Yong, Prince Ett•
lianas?, and Lord insert, ue now en a shooting visit at the
hospitable seat of Lord FoLev.
' Tun LORD CHANCELLOR.--The answer given this
day relative to his Lordship's bealth,was.that be had passed rather
a good night, but had not rested so well u the night before. His
Lordship, however, was considered a little hum.
Couar or CNA aCicaT-..THISIDAY...-It was intimated
at the Coon at twelve o'clock, that his Honour the Mama of the
Roue, wnuld preside in this Coors on Monday and Tuesday, to
hear Motions.

- - - - - - - - - - - -
A foigery on Messrs. Courts and Co. to the amount
of 6001. was detected yesterday.
NIARRICD.—At Cheltenham, on the 2J instant.
Major WILLIAM PSARCE. of the 60th Rifle Corps, and Suverton
House, in the County of Gloucester, to RHODA, second daughter of
the late Titoxar Paosuzzo, Esq. of Usk, Motunnathskire.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East
India House, when the following Commanders were sworn into
the command of their respective ships, viz. Captain Jouw BARNET
Sorusav, London ; and Captain Baraw BROUGHTON, Canning ; con.
signed to China direct.
Yesterday the dispatches for Bengal and China, by the ship
Macqueen, Captain Jame& WILLIAM, were closed at f East India
House and delivered to the Purser of that ship.
The Loot) CHANCZLLUR has been pleased to appoint
Joan Simmer: Haaver, Esq. one of the Masters in Chancery, to
the office of Accountaut-General, in the place of the Luc J. Came-

awn Esq.
At an early }toter yetterday morning one of the S..cre«
rules of Sir Ciisiauts STUART, our Ambassador at Rio de Janeiro
arrived at the Forsigmoffice, in Downing-street, with dispatches
fee Mr. Secretary CANNING.
Yesterday morning Mr. JAcKsow, one of the Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland's messengers, arrived in London [rem Dub-
lin, with dispatches from the LORD ILKUTENANT.
It is said to be the intention of the Royal Yacht
elub, of which Lord YeasoaouGH is President, to make a voyage
to the Spanish coast during the ensuing season.
Sir EDMUND ANTRODUS, BAIL is dangerously ill at
his house in Piccadilly.
The Journal of Hones of the 19th January states,
that in the evening of that day the celebrated l'aeprovisetessr
Senna, was to exercise his talent in *tragedy in one of the gallea
ries of the palace Justiniani.—Madame CATALANS, en her part, was
to give a concert there.
Thursday, the Russian Ambassador and the Coun.
teas bream arrived in town from the Royal 'mtge. Windsor Park,
where his Excellency and the Countess had been on a visit to his
Maestri since Monday. 7 '
Wednesday, a most numelons and highly respectabl•
meeting of Ladies and Gentlemen took place at the Waterlest
Hotel, Edinburgh, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament
abolish slavery in the West Indies. The Earl of Rosstrn Wei
called to the Chair, stated the object of the Meeting. Mr. JAMS
Mot:canert in a speech of great length and eloquence, described'
the state of slavery in the coluoies. lltr. Cocesuaii prefaced the
reading the petition by an able speech. The Earl of Kos
and several other Gentlemen addressed the meeting, and the peti-
tion to Parliament was unanimously agreed to.
The rumour that Mini,tera intend to forward the
business of the Session of Parliament, so as to finish it by the end of
preparatory to a dissolution, gains support from the circum.
stance of all the Public Accounts having already been ordered, and
from being the last day for 'Reports on Private Hills fur May I.
Last Session it was May 30.
Mr. D'AucuALD, Sectetary •co the F. ench Embassy,
it is said. reunited on Thursday morning from Paris, bringing back
with him the last ratili:ations of the Treaty of Commerce and of
Navigation, which had been signed in London last week.
An elopement hai lately taken place in one of the
Western Isles of Scotland. Miss in 4er teens, hi addition to great
personal attraction*, possessed a handsome fortune: the evening
previous to her intended marriage with a man whom she slid not
like, she vanished frontthe home of het childhood to a neighbour-
ing felaud, where she was neat morning married to the real object
of her wishes. The disappointed lover has since been married to
a younger sister of the fair deceiver.
His Grace the Duke of WeLusurrox, it is understood, will leave
town early en Mouday morning. for aria. The Ambassador's
suite is composed of the following Gentlemeu t —Lords DJuoi.as,
secretary t s the embassy, Visitaat SOaaleallt, Vaatartoar. and
FRANCIS I.tradell Gower.; lion. Gessaos Caisteaar, and W.

wllle Robert Kenzie, a mason, and Peter
Dunn, a labourer, were at work in a large opening in Glatsford-
urett, Glasgow, the earth MI in 'ipso them, by which they were
nearly ►utfucated. &hie time elapsed before they coulil be dug
nut, but Lite), were beds stay., and are likely to recover.

TM ARMY.

•
The 13th tilt the Vith. Foot Marched from Fetrotiy to Cork. •
The Depot of the 14th" Pont mirched from Toughtl on the 23d
ult. and arrived'nexfdafat Fermoy,,lcavfng a detachatent of 40
rank and die at Youths!. " " .
..—.
PARLIAMENTARY DINNERS.
•

The fireatta's Parliamentary—Dinners commence this day, in
the grand and antique chamber which is immediately under the
House of Commons. The first dinner it what is termed the " Mi-
nisterial" dinner. Mr. Secretary CANSINO, Mr. Secretary Peet, the
Right Hon. P. Roomer, Mr. livatissom,and aliqut twenty others of
the leading Treasury Bench Members are invited. To-morrow (Sun-
day) will be the first " Opposition" dinner; Mr. Boouctotot, Mr.
Scatters.. Mr. Camtort, and more than twenty other of the
leading Member., usually seated on the Opposition Benches, are
invited The subsequent Parliamentary dirners will take place on
Saturdays and Sundays, from 30 to 35 Members being invited to
each dinner, till all the Members have been invited to dine with
the SPItAKIR ; and the invitations, after the two first grand dinners,
will be made without any particular reference to the sides of the
House on which they usually sic.

'tie !live xdopteJ, ar
a' uded is the result
fiance, as we ha
tie funned treatit
k•vcity ; but the
4,l.lpted a diferent
Le power given to
tiewoo, bas bran et
tdl lie seen by ref el
ILL *Web
.•
- • 44 goods inspor.ed
loth to tho
ves.el I.
41Jtv tit 11. 13v.4.1.
It will be r.
minus ridiculed th
I'm tills country
