the slaves." I ready regret that AltoLus has not stated
the authority upon which he makes this assertion re-
specting the lair rifSpain: In what title of the leco-
pilacion, or io whatian of .the Particles, is this privi-
lege granted? In. neither of these cedes. will any sad).
law be discovered. Probably, however, -Anocusotsay
refer to the Cednla •plibliThed at Aranjnez On the•Slst,
May, 1789, and printed by order of the. House of Com-
mons onthe Slst 'May, 1811. Yet even in this cele-
brated enactment, I perceive 'to law to-the effect stated
by him. Perhaps it may be unknown to him, that.be-
fore Trinidad became a possessioo of the British,Crowi,
the law of 1789 had been repealed by the Somish Go-
vernment. But I will admit, for the sake of argument,.
that such a law as that mentioned by Amax*, did form
a part of the Slave Code of Trinidad. I ask him, then,
in what part of the recent Older in Council does hefind
one word which directly or indirectly, repeals It?—
Where, then, is the " oversight so confidently imputed
to the framers of this Order ?
2d. AtioLus complains that the Order in Council,
while it prohibits labour for the master on Sunday, has
given,the slave no other time to work upon his provi-
sion grounds.. A less determined, objector. might, per-
haps, have discovered that the law which interdicts la-
bour on Sunday,' recognises, by necessary implication,
the principle that the labour of six dayi is to provide
for the maintenance of the labourer. The master is
bound to feed his slave, and the law will enforce the
obligation. There would have been little wisdom in
prescribing to the
.master the mode in which his slave's
should be supported. If the sy stem of granting pro-
vision grounds be the most economical, the interest of
the master affords suffilient'secusity that this system
will be pursued.
Sd. A NGLOS asserts, that by the Spanish law, husband
and wife cannot be separated by sale or transfer; but
that by the Order in Council, " the prohibition to
separate is -restricted to judicial sales" I can find no
such restriction. The Order, it' is true, relates only to
judicial sales but if such a. law as Anocus mentions
already existed, it certainly is not repealed by this Order,
and as certainly it would have been idle to re-enact it
but again I assert; that no such law did exist, and if. I
am wrong, ANOLOs will perhaps have the goodness. to
quote it verbatim.
4th. " By the Spanish law, the testimony of Slaves is
received in all cases quantum valertt." For this assertion
ANGLUS does not. quote hi authority, and though I be-
lieve it- to be an error, I a ill, for the purpose of argu-
ment, admit that he is tight: but what has this to do
with-the Order in Council? That Older expressly•re-
serves to the Slaves every tight of giving tergimony
which they before enjoyed!' How then can _they suffer '
by it any diminution of these rights? or how can is be'
explained that so acute a writer as ANOIsUS has not per-.
ceived this answer to his own objection?' Does he con-
found the draft of the-A der in, Codacit • aobjoined oo
the Parliiinentary Papers with the Orden. itself ?
sth. But theOsder bolds out ”Julactual premium to
murder." Strange, indeed, if true! To this most sin-
gular conclusion Amount is led ;by the following chain
of reasoning. " he says, " a white man shOuld be
twice convicted of cruelly treating a Slave, be forfeits,
laccording to. the Order, all the Slaves he possessei.
Would he escape this calamitous result, he has nothing
to do but to kill the Slave outfight, and then, his life
being in jeopardy, no. Slaveortdence.,Can, be received
against hop. To this I answer, first, that if, as- ANOLUS
asserts, such evidence was admissible before the Order,
the admissibility of it is expressly declared by the
Order;. andraecondly, that,'the.mane reasoning might
be applied,to cases mischanorts familiar to most of us.
Do I contemplate picking a packet—a much better plan
will be to begin by costing the throat of the bearer, be:
Cause then: the .4(004. or my; guilt laonot be,ptoduced
agiitist urel..otcrelbie Ora Jaw as,vee firtfeet premium
to the cutting of sod directly tends to convert'
pickpockets into assassias.
After this explanation I would inquire from Atiocos,
Whether he really thloksgsat be ii serving the cause
,of the Slaves,". by giving rack fallacious and incorrect
representations of the measures adopted by his Majesty's
Government; and whether,, with, ;respect to the Order
in Council, of which rpapy personi".coanected with the
West Indies complain with. bitterness, though not, as I
think with reason,—the•Government has riot a right,to
expect a candid and ciotious construction emit from
ASGLUS 401 !IC••• '
ftwief
C lee Sce •
• •
iTIr
• . The wards of the Order are, si Prneittet alwaystlias,
herein contained shall extend id ske•away of dasiaish mar
and authority which any Court a Cif of Jitisefetlea fir* said
Colony now bath to admit in any we tie eihisafge of person! Ow
ins in a state of Slavery."

- Adeices.were received by the family ef-Pdr..Asea
ittrnamt, at Kensington, on • qatmdey,, that that Pen-
*slims was killed in.. a doel. withla CaPtain .4004 PP
Tuesday last, ibmit foot miles,flom Konen, .14, the
canal side, a ball having entered his right side, and
'lodged in the bodj!freSa the erects, cif keh :he
.gur.
vived but a few 'boors. Ilus Anatgek,ortgrontgd ant
11 ball-room.
A Convention has, been concluded between the•Em
peror of RUSSIA and the-King of , Pitel.iita to abolish
reciprocally die DOeii miti'cen all; tetnostals
Of personal property:from the, territories of the one,
Sovereign io those of thectber. .This Convention vitae
signed on the' 28d of 14ay,7by
.ihe;Ministet's Bata.
STORFF and giOsuesuctis,gittg mgrefl,hy the -414
peror of Rnsita on e,Sigd • ptember. This ilea-
sure is the result of views similar' to those which in imp
produced in France.the .abolitimitpf _the Droit d'Ast--
beine ; and both ,piotoflyslis discmc%.All4oo* e(1-:
vance of the age. iktrueAtruireation. nuie Ages the.
Sovereigns derived „eittelument from many sources of
revenue alike oppoedlo the' ptinciplii.of humanity
and of jt4tice. Thtrimniels
,isnd .gpcids siVrei„ked son
their 'emits became furgekeii.er;.thesp • and- chits, under
the title of Droll d'Ankaine, they setae/Loa the. property.
of all foreigners dying within'their &Minons.
former of these claims has *Taing. since ceased, and the,
latter has in many in hoes behuntridifedinto duty
of ten per cent. called air impost cif 44trasiips, AO suc-
cession and legacies to . faieigners. oailalr t4zes have
been imposed in tiles of duwry, donation, ,er emigra.
Lion; and, in short, on all transfers ofpri,vate property
(other than coMmercialexchanges)fpuu Quo country to
another. These are wholly abolishetd,bgeween Russia and
Prussia by the Convention jib; rati4rd for the Sniffs
reigns wisely consider, that in thusefasilitatirg a liberal
intercourse between their respective subjects, they frill
Ultimately promote the advantage of both kingdoms..
• True Cover or Lova.—A )ciiing lawyer being very
lissiduous in his attentions to a Lady, or wit observed,.
that he never heard of pe9pip,nlaking love by °gone:
Very true,", replied the other.; is but yuti 4h9Uid
Planks. that all Cepiirs.votaties are eulicilors •

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

. . • "•NANS1014:110US&
The public are use tofirdly informed of the Fact•thae thiedikiV
eipathin of a slaveliteli'Weit 'bass ifs proass of a very expen-
sive nature; the slave-owner, Iteirever lscxious he may Se to give
freedom to thous who have sefried MO faithfully, not having the
power to resign his instbrity at an expense less considerable than a
num amounting to troy % seloo io 'tit° fee the emancipation of edch
slave. The slave-owner is obliged to deposit this large sum, in
order to indeniulfy the perish in the event of the former becoming
chargeable: The Colonial Governs:tient have long established this
deposit, as keine qua Min in the Act. of Manumission. The Act is
besides clogged with a variety of expensive provis!ons and forms,
Iwhich present hi many cases an insurmountable barrier against the
lacquisition of liberty by a slave.
Some time since, a Mr. Halstead addressed a letter to Mr. Hob-
ler, stating, that he had lately returned front the West Indies' and.
bad received a power of attorney from two soldien of the Ist West
India Regiment, stationed at lirrbadoes, to manumit two of their
children, born in slavery. Mr. llaLtead wished to be informed
how he should proceed to procure the freedom of the children?
Mr. Hobler, jun. wrote alt answer, stating, that the object of
Mr.llalstead could not be effected by transmitting the power of
attorney : that the manumission must be performed personally by
the applicant (to whom the children were assigned as slaves), and
that an oath must be made before the Lord Mayor, by a I,erson
who witnessed the ceremony. The expense of the manumission
by this process, it was also stated, would not amount to more than
£5 fur each slave.
As Mr. Ilsistead had received no' more than £5, the expense of.
Ithe manumission presented an impediment, bat Mr. Hanbnry, the
Secretary to the Anti-Slavery Society, promised to obviate that &f-
-aulty, by appropriating the funds of the Society to the furtherance
of the object. Some correspondence has taken place on the sub-
ject, and the result is that the slaves *lll be assigned to Mr. Han-
bury himself, who will manumit them, and send the deed of menu-
Imission to the Society's Agent at Rarbadoes, where it will be duly
registered, and the process will be complete.
Jt was stated to the Lord bl.:eor, who had taken a strong interest
in the measure, that the two slaves will be thus manumitted at
little or no expense, :..nd that the facility of this mode of manumis-
sion will enable a great multitude of persons to become free. who
would not have it in their power to attain their freedom on the spot
where they are subject to such unnatural cootrouL The process is
extremely simple. The slaves must be assigned,,secording to cer-
tain forms of law, to some one coming over to, or actually in, this
country. That person may manumit them before the Lord Mayor,
according to law, and all the impediments thrown in the way of ac-
complishing so paramount a labour of humanity by the Authorities
in the West Indies, will be effectually remove& The expense of
this course can never exceed £7, whilst in our colonies it would in
some cases amount to £l6O, in conformity with the regulations
established by them.
Mr. Hailer, jun. has just manumitted several slaves according to',
the peinciple described, upon deeds of assignment.
The manumission of a slave in this country is decidedly valid, and
the Colonial Government cannot exact a deposit or security from a
person made free under these circumstances. and has no powee of
preventing the necessary forms from being administered here.
GUILDHALL.

-.Yesterday Maur& .Cranger, a *tall, dekly-looking man, was
brought up for suffering his wife and family to become cbarieabie
to ntre parish of St. Andrew.
The wife appeared with two children, and she stated that for the
limiest. the prisoner bad left her quite destitute; allowing her no
oteintenance for bereft and children, whom she had entirely wr-
ested through her own hard labour. At one time he took one of
the children to support ,• but the child soon returned an her hands
again, being extremely distressed and in want.
• Mortimer admitted the charge, but said it was in consequence
Obis incapacity to work, having burst a blood-vessel some tithe
,dose. He is at present under the hands of a surgeon; but did Wit
run away from his family.
Mr. Frain, the beadle, said that the prisoner had been ptayintin
this manner with the parish for the last year. He bad left his fa-
tally in want when ice was in health and 'could support them.
The Alderman. (liatnots) said, that if he was so ill as he repre-
sented, the parish would support hie family. The beadle must
-therefore go to the surgeon, and :..certain if he was capable of
working to that extent which would enable him to support his fa-
mily. He should be severely punished if it was found that he had
been deceiving or playing ticks with the parish. The wife and
children should be supported in the interim.
The beadle said he would procure the certificate, and the family
Muhl be rendered every assistance. The prisoner was discharge&

BLIW-SIKENT.
•o•n•-• Clovis, a poulterer, in Crown-street, Soho, was charged on
suspicion of hawing received a great number of pigeons, stolen Irons
the dote-cote :of Sir 'G. East, of Hill-place, Betts, and was or-
dered to find bail.
• T-Thaospsoit, a plasterer, was charged with interrupting a con-
gregation of Dissenters, who bad assembled for Divine Worship in
~tleigh-sweet, Strand. Sir R.-Iltiona said, the penal fo: this
offence is 401. and if the Elders meant to proceed, be should hold
the prisoner to bakhossions 'of worship being one of. the most ea-
Isolate rights •of.lßapftidowin. The Faders, however, with a truly
Christian. spirit Salditlipiod ins wish. to.proceed to. ememities ;
but would bo..;addlied-iinitli auipologycebe prisoner basing been
confined in She watdidlonse all night. With this he gladly com-
idiodsgadwas slischarge,d, with stoners admonition.
A. Mame, aged 17, and agars+, aged 12, were remanded, charged
with robbing J. Wofids.alm aged 12, of a watch, on Saturday, in a
adfloagar Millbrae& • •
. BATTON-GARDEN. •
Aide* Abini "Ude ind M /loony tvrewbssitestlriebinen.
rrOld,ingon wire brought up from Saffron-Idil watch 7
hifsee.- Bartuiley, the'Constable, stated, that an Irish party had met
oitolooday idgllt ibdot nine o'clock, in a public-house on Saffron.
Ontsvoinikitthitylad drank to each other's heakhohey pro-
ceeded to ascertain each other's constitution by the fist. lie had
..ferFatf4ll.ifitarfert'dzt4 stop the• experiments, but at 11 o'clock,
ese,defendatits wishing to beat the landlord as well as one another,
Barardey took them into custody.
Albs Moke.wben... called on: for his defence, prnceeded 'sr tbl-
I—" Mit your Arnow, I,was just goio to my bid, about
ce4l9.cks at!len.feelitlit shocking dry, I only stept out to moisten
my • • a bit, when I was seized by these Gentlemen negly
• I'll say nothing alacut my. eye (laying his'finger on one on
• iimostinto shading•was very judiciously hid), that, your.
godvadordwelf."
• AGISTnAIIit....." Well, Rooz:bat,have you tu say?"
, Pjaae your .ho ', I was just coming out of the
when I saw about two hundred parsons running down
abithill;.says-Iloisrpadf,4l I•goes out, I'll be smothered by those
devils; Mil I stops, MI be they'd play the devil with me, so amp I
nuti,as tast. as any two Iris could carry me, to find a place to
ana all the thanks I got was to be dragged to the watch-house."
'After this eh:latent defence. Mr. Maiony stepped forward awl
hibitod.on his head many marks of the defendants' violence, ea
mated that.* could not. positively iatleosnify them as the persons,
but that some of their party had carried oft his watch, upon width
Ite immediately referred his case to the watchman. •
'The 'Magistrate conceiving that Mr. Burke's thirst, and
liitiatmey's terror of parsons was not satisfactorily accounted 144-
Amid them to find baiL
Marylou', but better known by the name of Waterloo -Pull, was
brought up to this office by the clerk. of inquiry, charged with corn
Analog ars,actof vagrancy in chaocerplaste.
The clerk stated, that he observed the prisoner in the morning
sitting in Chancery-lane, with her face almost entirely covered with
a handkerchief, and her hand extended for the purpose of receiving
charity. Notwithstanding het disguise, he recognised her as the
notorious Viraterloo,Poll, ,and had her taken into custody.
It appeared from the documents of the Society, that the prisonef
had followed a soldier of the 9th Hussars to whom she was attached,.
to Waterloo,.and there joined a regiment as a drummer, assuming
the name of -Tom Jones, and was in the battle of Waterloo, where
* saved the life of an officer. On the peace slur was discharged,'
aid during the officer's life, whom she rescued, she was allowed by
hiss a shilling per day. She has been in every police office is
London, from which she has been committed for different pstiodo
of imprisonment. She is now allowed a pension from Goverome
of ts. 34. a day.
The clerk stated, that tie Society had used !very exertion to ,sou:
claim her, but to ithout effect; and this& she had a settlement in.
the parish of St. Oiles, she refused to go into the workhouse. She
bid been beta few minutes released, in• the morning, from Tuthill:
maids Prison, when she took lap her station in Chancery-lane.
Magistrate--How do you get your living? .
Poll—By fighting until I die (army noble King and country. •
Blagistrate--Have you not got a pension?
Poll—Yes, your 'Woribip, and well I deserve it; I fott-ht very
hard for it. .
• Magistcate— How much is it?
Pitlf--nly Is. 3d. a day. •
On hearing.this acknowledgment, the 'Magistrate coMmitted het I
for one month so the 11„use of Correction. -
.•

. . :
