" Seignior Governor, his Excellency ha. charged me to offer them have been apprehended and punished, the Ge-
yea the most honourable capitulation, by yrhich youbadiniti
may retain nerd having with him Magistrates duly appointed
the government of your fortress, and. your garrison
into the number of these Portuguese troops that have remained for that purpose, and others have been sent to work
faithful to the true interests of their country (7). the mines.
" You must be aware, Seignior Governor, that your refusal of
a proposition so honourable, with regard to you and the Penn- 1 We have given from the Lisbon Paper of the 2d,
passe troops, will expose both yourselves and the inhabitants to the summons of General Lome to the Commander
the horrors of a siege, and the fate which awaits a garrison car-
ried by assault. of Almeida, to surrender that fortress. The con-
" In your bands, therefore, is placed the fate of Almeida, and tempt with which it was treated, (the answer being
that of your companions in arms. If you refine to accede to the
proposals which I have the honour to transmit to you, you win only verbal, and the messenger not having been ad-
become responsible for all the human blood shed unavailingly,
witted into the body of the place) must, we should
and in a cause which is foreign tithe Portuguese nation (8).
" Receive, Seignior Governor, the assurances of my most die- think, convince the enemy that the reduction of Al-
tingulshed consideration. (Signed) " LOISON, meida will be no easy task. Although the town was
Count of the Empire and General of Division."
" P. S. The Marquis of Alorna, and several Pertugsese Colo- summoned on the 24th, the investment, it would ap-
art., who are among us, can assure you, viva vote, of the ho-
near, was not completed two days after, as General
nourable manner in which they have been treated, as also •
the Portuguese troops." I Cox was able to communicate with Marshal Bouts-
FORD on the 28th.
Journals and Letters from Hamburgh to the I 1 th
inst. state, that the garrison of that city has been dis-
missed, to proceed on foreign duty ; and that the
Guard of the City consists of boys of 12 years of age
and upwards, raised from among the inhabitants.—
Such is the avidity of NAPOLEON to acquire reinforce-
ments for his armies.

and Portuguese army to engage upon disadvantageous terms; for
the war in Spain wears out and consumes them, and they want to
decide the contest in one day. Have a little patience, Seignior
Loison ; it is our business to wage such a war as shall prove most
destructive to you, and most advantageous to ourselves.
(7) All that Loison wants is to become master of Almeida
without losing a man or expending a shot, and to augment his
army with a numerous garrison—a mere bagatelle! He denomi-
nates faithful to their country, those soldiers who were duped and
lured away to France in 1808, and bestows the same epithet upon
those who knowingly turn their arms against their brothers, their
families, and their country !
(R) To talk in this stile is the height of insolence. Ever since
the Revolution, the French have been engaged in a general con-
spiracy against all nations—friends, enemies, allies, are alike in-
different ; for all are destined to destruction, to gratify their caprice
or their pride. To every country they bring with them only the
chains of slavery, for so have they sworn in the delirium of their
vanity. Yet, after the lapse of so many years, they have the au-
dacity to tell us that the war is foreign to this or that nation,
whilst it is equally waged against all! Portuguese, the war in
which the French are engaged is against our independence, our
honour, our property, and all those rights which are held most
sacred among men. if they succeed, non-resistance will be as
unavailing as resistance, to protect you from robbery and oppress
sion. Nothing but main force can save us, and assuredly that will;
for these Vandals, like the Moors, must be driven out of the
Peninsula.

THE ARMY.

We tindertand that information has been commu-
nicated to a person high in office, that a sum excenfing
the King's regulation was given in a a recent ex-
change of Commissions in the army ; the result will
be, if proved, a loss of their respective Commissions
to the officers implicated.
Brigadier-General Uwe, of the Buffs, now serv-
ing with the Portuguese, is appointed Governor of
Peniche, a place of considerable strength, about 36
miles north of Lisbon. .
Lieutenant-Colonel Hutt, of the 43d regiment
who so gallantly commanded and fell at the bridge
of Coa, in a conflict unparalleled in modern times,
was the son of a worthy and veteran Officer, Major
Taavoa HULL, one of the Gentlemen Ushers of the
King's Privy Chamber. From his youth he evinced
a strong predeliction and talent for the profession of
a soldier, and had seen more service than falls to the
lot of one of his years. He was ordered from the
second to join the first battalion, which he effected
but two days previous to the day he so gloriously fell :
a day which the most inveterate foe must speak of
with admiration and astonishment.

A General Court Martial assembled yesterday at
Chelsea College, in order to investigate Charges pre-
ferred by Richard Thorp, a private in the Second
Tower Hamlets Regiment qt Militia, against Cap-
tain and Adjutant William Mason, belonging to the
said Regiment of Militia. The Court met at ten
o'clock, when the Honourable CHARLES MANNERS
SUTTON, the Judge Advocate, read the charges, which
are as follows, viz.
1. Constantly defrauding of Government by charging the fuU
bounty for Recruits, who have only received a small part thereof,
and then deserted with the same, to the injury of his Majesty's
!service.

2. Misapplying and appropriating to his own private purposes
the money allowed by principals and Government, to substitutes
and recruits, by providing them through the means of others, at
reduced bounties, and putting the surplus (as well as part of the
money due to the bringers) into his own pocket, when forbidden to
enlist, to the Injury of the country, the recruit, and the bringer.
S. Constantly ordering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates
to perform all kinds of work for him, and to go of messages, &c.
for which he gave them guards, and sometimes secured them
from regimental parades for a certain time, to the injury of the
regiment and the prejudice of the service.
4. Cruelty and barbarity to 3erjeant David Wood, of the first
company, John Clinton of the fourth company, and James Hin-
ton, of the light company, as well as numerous ot, ers in billing
them up in the Horse Guard Room and place of Parade, in the
former place they had not room to lie down for nights together;
drilling and forcing them on fatigue, even in handcuffs, as well as
compelling them to mount their guards during their confinement,
contrary to the articles and customs of war.
5. Violently striking with his cane on or about the 15th of
June, 1807, John Reading, a private in the 24 company, when
under arms, the bead of which entered his cap about three inches
and could not be taken out but by force; likewise striking Wil-
liam Blunt, a private in the grenadier company. on or about the
184tfs of November, 1809; as well as William Wright, of the 3d
company, on or about the 19th of January, 1810, contrary to his
Majesty's orders.
The above charges being read, the Members' names
composing the General Court Martial were called
over, on which Colonel Hunter, of the West London
Regiment of Militia, was appointed President. The
Prosecutor, ably assisted by Mr. Barry, the Counsel),
then addressed the Court in a neat speech, in which
he stated, that he brought forward the present charges
for the service of his King and Country.
The Court then proceeded to examine Witnesses,
and afterwards adjourned till this day.

Orders have been issued from the Loan CHAMBER.
LAIN';; Office, for the Court's going into Mourning
on Sunday next, the 26th inst. for the late QUERN
of PRUSSIA.

Mr. W. S. Rose, son of the Right Hon. Gaol=
Rose, we are sorry to learn, is much indisposed.

Sir BERKELY WILLIAM Guise, Bart. is nominated
Mayor of Gloucester for the ensuing year.
The late Earl BF.RKILLZY had completed 65 years,
and died in consequence of a disease of the liver.

Madame CATALAN' has entered into a new engage.
ment with Mr. TAYLOR, of the Opera House, for
three years.

The inhabitants of the hundred of Creytree, in
Herefordshire, have presented a piece of Plate to
each of the six Commissioners of Property Tar for
that hundred, in testimony of gratitude for their
manly and successful resistance of an attempt made
by the Tax-office to introduce a system of retrospec-
tive surcharge.
Papers and letters arrived yesterday from New-
York, the former to the 15th, and the latter to the 21st
ult. The following is one of our communications t
1411 W YORK. JULY
si The French influence daily gains ground here, notwithstan.
ding the violent measures adopted by Bonaparte, because the De-
mocrats assert that England has behaved towards America
mach worse, and they compWn of British condemnations molest
than of French. When Congress meets in November, all these
matters willbe finally settled, but until then nothing will be ad.
jigged.
64 There has been a report here for some days, on the autho-
rity of private letters front England, that a new Pladpeteptiary
was to be sent out by our Govorpawet, but 1 de riot Ind that
such information is correct by any confirmation received by our
Ministers. Tha intelligence, wp fear, is toe rod Mb. looked
fort but something roust be dews sop she rpri44som es&
WitIVIS fhb country."
.
