and Debenham,
Paul's, Covent-girth
OLD BAILEY. 44Pralst.
of 3001
Before Lord Tzwvitarmw.
Richard Flassesapas and Joseph Sprays were indicted for stvkling
alfro:wart.thtme
for the prosecution, and Mr. CLAIITEt.%
for the defence of Sprags.
went to bed, on the 13th of January last, at twelve o'clock, Fr, „
.h°Puwanselofi."llsiterr.aPilp%faerrtiachelin'' Ktointhei"viTaleeute.
Mr. Story, a partner in the firm of Machin
vioualy to which he had seen all the doors and windows fast.
ened in the usual manner, and the property was at that tittle
all safe. The prisoner Flannagan had been in their service...
At about twenty minutes past six, he was awakened, and he found
that all the property in question had been taken away four
desks, which were in the once, broken open, and about six pound,
in silver and copper removed. He saw the prisoner Flannagan at
that time be was then in his shirt. Witness asked him hot► it was
possible he could have slept while the noise of breaking the desk!
was going on, for he slept in the auctlon.room, ftom whence the
property was taken. There was a considerable quantity of pure
taken froma cupboard in the office. Mr. Debenham sleeps in thehom
occasionally.
John Couroy, a police constable, on Sunday morning, Jan. 14, ob.
served the outer door of the dwelling house open, in consequence of
which he rang the bell ; the prisoner Flannagan answered hid, in his
shirt, and exclaimed, " Oh, my GOD ! the house has been robbed
They went into the auction room together; the Boor was streued with
wearing apparel; there was a pair of old boots lying opposite Flamm_
gin's bed. Witness asked him if they were his. He replied in the nt.
Richard Gardener took Flannagan into custody on the 15th. Th,
prisoner told him that his heart was ready to break, and he wished to
swak to witness in another room. When they got there, he stated
that he had let two men into the room at 12 o'clock, and that a third
man watched at the door. That Spra;is and another were the persons
who came into the room, and Sprags sat on the bed while they packed
up the things. Sprigs took some clothes and a pair of boots, and left
his own behind, the two great coats, and put some of the things into
eke pockets of them. He had understood that the property was sold on
the Monday following for 621. They had told him that if he would
allow them to come in, be should have half the property.
Mr. Thomas, superintendent of the police.station, Covent•garden,
stated that below Flaatnagen on the night of the 14th, and he appeared
to be in a miserable state of mind, in consequence of which he sent for
him the next morning, when the prisoner told him that he was still very
wretched, and his heart was breaking. He told witness that it was true
that he had made a confession to one of the officers. Witness, with the
prisoner's consent, took down the substance of the confession in writing,
to be sent to the Commissioners of Police.

The prisoners confession was here read, which stated that he let the
persons in, and shewed them the desks, which they broke open with
screw drivers. This was confirmatory of what has been already pr,,ted.
George Avis apprehended the prisoner Sprags on Saturday, the Titit
of February, and took from him a gold watch, chain, seals, art key,
and a gold finger ring, besides some wearing apparel, in which l c -vas
dressed. Witness went on Monday the 28th, to a house in Grey.
Marlow-street, hlarylebone, where he received 16 sovereigns from a ft.
male. She told him that Sprags had left 181. with her, and that the
other two be had spent. After he took the prisoner up, while they
were in the coach, the prisoner told him that he had bought the watch.
chain and seals; be also said the wearing apparel was his own. After
he had been examined, he sent for witness, and said that he wished to
see the magistrate. Witness then, according to his wish, took him to
u private room before the magistrate, Mr. Roe, whom he told that the
robbery had been planned two months ago ; and that Flannagan let him
and Cazeley in, while White, not yet in custody, stood at the door; and
he had been completely led into it. He added that he had left his own
boots behind.

Cross-examined by Mr. CLARKSON—This confession was not taken
down in writing.
Abraham Jacobs, a general dealer, in Bishopsgate, stated that he had
sent a pair of boots produced to Messrs. Machin and Dcbenham's for
sale. He believed them to be the same, because the mark which he al.
traftsocrtt upon his boots had been scratched out.
Winter, porter to Messrs. Machin and Debenham, was called,
and proved that articles had been entered in the catalogue corresponding
with those produced.

Several piwnbrokers were called to identify some of the property at
having been pledged at their houses.
This closed the case for the prosecution.
The ptisoner Flannagaa put in a written defence, denying the charge
against him, and attribudng the confession he had made to unfair
treatment.

The prisoners called several witnesses who gave them good characters.
Lord TENTEIDEN recapitulated the evidence, and the Jury found
both the prisoners guilty, and recommended Flannigan to mercy on
account of his you,h and

_ inexperience.
POLICE REPORTS.

MANSION./10IIIIR.—Tile officers of one of the parishes applied to the
Loan 111.e.Yoit and Alderman COWAN, to bind a boy, who is no more
than 11 years of age, to a trade, we believe that of a butcher. The boy
was living on the parish bounty..
The LORD MAYOR thought that a ten years' apprenticeship was too
long a course of slavery to doom any human being to.
The vestry clerk said, the parish officers were aware of the impro-
priety of making a practice of binding children at such an age, but the
conduct of the father of the boy was such, that it would be advisable to
take hint away from so ruinous an example, and as an opportunity of
placing him under the care of an unexceptionable person presented
itself, it was considered prudent not to let it blip.
The LORD MAYOR still thought that the ten years slavery was too
severe; and Alderman Cowan concurred with his lordship.
The Lois MAYOR told the officers to protect the morale of the
child, and to bring before him the idle and profligate father, who had
thrown such a weight upon die parish
The boy was then taken away by the officers.
GUILDHALL.—C. Marshall, the keeper of a Coffee-shop in Chanty
Lane, was summoned yesterday for opening his shop at an earlier hour
in the morning than the law permits. The shop was open at half.
past three o'clock on Sunday morning last, being half an hour before
the prescribed time. It being the first offence, Mr. Alderman Tyrone
convicted the defendant in the mitigated penalty of 20s.
BOW.STREET.—Irt sterday, a miserable looking boy. only eight
years old, who gave the name of John Jones, was charged with having
stolen a pair of shoes from the shop-door of Mr. Pubis, of Great Rut.
sell-street, Coveut-garden. Mr. Pabia saw the prisoner in company
with another boy, lurking about the t'oor, and presently he detected
the prisoner running away with the shoes. The other boy escaped.
The prisoner being asked by Mr. Minsbull whether he had a father,
or mother, or any Mend, who would come forward on his behalf, bunt
into tears, and replied, that he had no friend in the world. Hien:other
died In November last, and be had been deserted by his father, who
had taken up with another woman. He bad lived by begging about the
streets, and at night, having no !place to blither him, he lay down in the
sbeep.pens at Smithfi.ld. He declared that he never had committed a
dishonest action before.

Mr. Alrriartv lA. observed, that the poor child was much to be
pitied. The present was evidently his first offence, and he had no
doubt been prompted to it by the other boy.
Mr. Fable sit id, that to far from having any desire to press the charge
against the poor boy. he would gladly give a sovereign out of his pocket
to help to put him it. some honest way of life.
Mr. Thomas, the police-tope:intendant, said, that a society was now
forming by some ltumaPe individuals for the purpose of apprenticing
young boys like the prisoner to the settlers at the Swan River. The plant
he understood, had met with the concurrence of Government, and he
knew that Mr. Capper. of the Home-oflice, was arranging the details.
After the term of apprenticeship should expire, it was intended that
the young men should each receive a grant of land,; and as much stock as
I would sct diem up in the world. Mr. Thomas added, that be would
write to Mr. Capper on the boy's behalf.
The prisoner was ordered to be taken care of in the New Pilsen mail
the result of Mr. T.'s application shall be known.
Ma R YLEBONE.—l'estertlay one of the police-constables came before
Mr. Houma, leading in a female alto tract:tied to have drowned her-
self in the Regent's Canal the night before, and whose name was given
as Harriet Eisen.
In answer to the magistrate's questions. she stated that she origi-
nally came from Farnham, in Surrey, shire her parents yet lived;
that she had been seduced in earlier life by a Captain Pratt,with whom
she travelled through Ireland eight years ago, abd by whom she had sir
children, of whom lour were living, and that her lodging at present was
in Streiton-ground, Westminster. The captain, she added was emus.
toured to put op at the Tavistock Hotel, Covent-garden, when in Lon-
don, but being attached to no particular service, she had ceased to hear
about him. Directions were given to the policeman to accompany her
to Queen-square Office, and request that measures might be taken to
induce the parish officers in that quarter to afford prompt relief to her-
self and children.

BIRTH.
On the 6th hist the lady of the Hon. Capt. Maude, C.B. R.N. of 3
daughter.

On the 7th inst. at St. Saviour'si Southwark, Capt. W. S. Wilson.
of the ship Platina, to Harriet, second daughter of Mr. J. Putter, Park.
street, Southwark.—On the 26th ult. at Islington, W. H. sheet, En.
to E. M. D. Grinles, fourth daughter of Sir G. v. illiants, B'at' cf
Uwynworrnwood.

The 7th inst. In Westminster, Mr. J. Wallace, youngest t.on of Mr.
Wallace, of Parliament-street —The lith inst. Alrs. Elizabeth Mika,

relict of Slr. J. Milner, formerly of the *Bank of England.
HIGH AT R A LONDON 13-111M—ETO- 'AI ORROVr:
Morning 12x, 15x. I Afternoon
m
Lortnos: hinted and rubliabed by .1011111 MAYNE, at the iTAIt•
1 Orerc2, No. 1, Pickett-place, Temple Bar.
