TO THE EDITOR.

Sta,—l observe a statement in the CaWoman Mercury, by Mr.
Gordon, Lieutenant-Colonel of the Aberdeenshire Militia, relative to
the burgh of Weymouth : this statement in every particular is inccr.
tea. The enclosed lean. from Major Weyland, acting on behalf of the
Johnstone family, to me, will, I trust, be a sufficient answer, until I get
possession of my papers.—l am, Sir, your most obedient servant,
London, April 8. JAMES J. FRASER.

LETTIft, 1. WETLAND, ZSQ. OF WOODZATON, TO JANZS JOEN
FRASII, W. 5.
W'oodeaton, Sept. 24, 1830.
Dear Sir—On my arrival at home last night, after a week's absence,
Lady Johnstone handed over to me your letter of the 17th inst. toge-
ther with a copy of the summons against Colonel Gordon, which I
have read with the greatest attention. No person knows so well as
yourself, that all the proceedings in the Johnstone affair, with which
Col. Gordon was connected, were totally unsought for by Lady John-
stone and myself—that the whole originated with Colonel Gordon ;
tend that we should, on no account, have been concerned with
slam, if we had not thought, that we should not have
been justified in the eyes of the world, if we had peremptorily re-
futed offers, which appeared to be so highly advantageous to Sir
Frederick Johnstone, and that your first introduction to us was as
Colonel Gordon's declared and authorized agent. You must likewise be
perfectly aware, that when a vacancy in the representation of Wey-
mouth was declared, previously to the election In 1826, it was ex-
pressly stipulated between Colonel Gordon and myself, that
whoever obtained that seat, should pay all the expenses which
either had been, or would be, attendant upon the procuring of it.
That Colonel Gordon did obtain that seat, and that he is
consequently responsible for all the expenses (including, of course.
those of yourself, who acted as his agent) which were incurred. You
are likewise aware, that after my contest at Weymouth, the ex-
penses of which amounted to a considerable sum, Colonel Gordon pro-
posed, in a letter to leadr Johnstone, now in her possession, that we
should join together and re.imbursc ourselves (each for the expenses of
his own election) out of tire estate of the minor; which proposal was
instantly and decidedly rejected by us. Soon after began the pro-
ceedings respecting the purchase of the estates in Al'eymouth, in
conjunction with Sir E. Sugden, to the whole of which, you
perfectly know, that we not only refused our consent, but,
signified our disapproval to yourself in the presence of witnesses,
at Westerhall, in the month of October, 1828, in the most posi.
tive manner, which disapprobation being signified to you, who
attended upon us as Colonel Gordon's authorized Nem, we considered
the same as if made personally to Colonel Gordon himself. That,
from that time, all communication ceased between us. In consequence,
:eery proceeding connected with that measure was undertaken by Co.
, lonel Gordon at his own personal sick ; anti (as appears upon the Lee
of your summon.) with an inuntion hostile to the interests of the fa.
oily, and to myself in particult.r. There are nasty other minor points,
but 1 have selected the lo:cgoing as the most prominent, to all of which,
both Lady Johnstone and inyeelf ate ready to bear testimony on oath.
tme2fore, consider you as perfectly justified in calling upon
Colonel Gordon to re-imburse you for all the expenses which you hare
incurred in managing then nffitire under his direction, together with the
proper professional rernuntlation for your time and trouble.
1 should he obliged to you if you would tranettnit to me a' your
earliest convenience, ant account of tine sums of money which Colony
Gordon wishes to be charged against the Johnstone estate, epecif}ing
particularly the purposes for which they were paid; and in the mean
time I remain, tke. _ R. WETLAND.
. .

To James J. Fraser, Rsq. W. 8 Edinburgh.
P. S. We shall attend to the suggestion curtained in the postscript to
your letter.

Upon its being announced that General Diebitsch set a
price on the head of several Poles, a gentleman of the
Duchy of Posen inserted in the different Journals a notice
offering a reward of 600 rix-dollars and 4,000 bushels of
potatoes to whoever should bring the head of the Count Za-
baikanski.—Lc Temps.
Lord Normanby is arrived in town from Florence, pur-
posely to give his support to the Reform Bill.
The public rejoice in the merited success of Mr. MA Y-
HEW, over the machinations of one of those social nuisances
—a close corporation.
Sixty persons, calling themselves a county meeting of
Dutnbartonshire, are presuming to publiA the dissent of
their majority arlinet the Reform Bill.

The grand jury for Gloucester have represented the beer
shops as nests cf crime. Never was there a greater mistake!
than that of taking off the duty on beer instead of malt.
The Portuguese, slaves at home, abet slavery abroad.—
Their African colonies afford tnem facilities of the only re-
maining traffic in slaves which is now continued.
Stamford continues to be apitated by the fury of parties,
created by the interference of a Peer and his agents. A man
who was to be ejected, has been dangerously wounded by
the Mayor's son, after the Mayor had ordered him to be
locked up in the watch-house, owing to a dispute about his
rent.

A Provincial Paper states that a maiden lady atßoreham,
Sussex, was supposed to be dead a few days ago, and the
usual preparations were made for her funeral ; but it adds, at
four o'clock, " to the great consternation of her relatives,"
she revived, and is now in perfect health.
A destructive 6re broke out yesterday morning, at the
house of Stewart, a baker, in Sermon Lane, Doctor's Com-
mons. The family and lodgers escaped with difficulty ;
and the fire extended to the houses of Mr. Lee, Corn-
chandler, Mr. Sause, stationer, Mr. Bouker, bootmaker,
and Mr. Gray, in Knowle's-court. The houses being filled
with uninsured lodgers, the distress created is most afflicting.
Some men were hurt, but relieved by Mr. Hurlock, the
surgeon, who always acts the good Samaritan.
