111 I I II I I 111
lip

_

trial wealth tO the happiness of their country, have come;
to this capital, and here incessantly manifest the desire
that the parent State would send to their Transatlantic
'brethren, prompt and opportune succour, that they may,:l
prevail against the -yoke which oppresses them. We
have already bhown-the elements of
.svlnelt-the-mass of
the Insurgents of Peru is composed, and how, by their
heterogeneous nature, they cannot harmonize, either in
their opinions,: their iiitereses--, their sentiments ; they-
now only display to the universe a continual conflict of
passions, and hideous spectacles of bloody scenes, the
acts of the must horrid despotism, of an oligarchy and
most revolting anarchy. We know that, in the years
1814 and 1821; the flame of independence and rebellion
was kindled throughout Peru; but that, far from weak!.
enhig our assertions, only strengthens them.
Revolution resembles an enormous rock, which, de-
tached from a high and steep-.mountain, forces ,along
with it everything it encounters in its • passage; and it
is for this reason that a distinction must be made be-

tween those who gave the impiiision and those who.
suffered themselves to be led away by it. • The foi-mer
ate the Insurgents; and not the Indians, who have not
been the promoters, but the unhappy victims, of political
convulsions. This is the reason why these convulsicinsl
have only been ephemeral. A multitude of examples'
eltiskin support of this truth ; we could relate them' al,'
• .•
bite* sirigle.one wilistilfiee for 'Our ,purpose.'
On the 2d of January, 1622„.a horde of instirgent3,l
• proCeeded to Potoii,sto induce the 'garrison to' revolt,
satiroAt the people having-taken any part in this insur-
rectionary movement,the results of which were massacre's,
1
pillage, assassitiation, and the Most tyrannical persecu-
Potosi,•thatiks to the courage and intrepidity of
our Chiefs, Chuquisack,.Oruror andTupisa, was retaken,
on the 12th, aad occupied by the Royalist troops; aided
by the Indians of that town.-and neighbourhood, who,'
taking np arms to assist them, 'nominated for their
Chief a Lieutenant who had escaped from the garrison
on the 2d, and who had gone amongst them to solicit an
asylum, and to offer them his arm and sword.
If, however, the Courier demands further proofs, we
would beg him to repair to Peru. He will then be a
witness of the enthusiasm with which the regiments of
Chicas and San Carlos contend against the in-urgents,
and he will know that in these corp,; there is not a single
European. Thence let him pui sue his tour to Las lints-
cas, a place well known for its inFalubrious and pesti-
lential atmosphere, and he will t ehold there a number
of unfortunate Americans, who were made prisone:s in
Upper Peru, and are condemned to the most severe toil,
and who suffer all the horrors of slavery similar to that
tf, which Chri.tian captives me doomed in'the bagnins
of Tunis a;.d Ah iers, rather than-acknowledge the sys-
te nof independence. After having examined the truth
of these facts. it will not be difficult to recognize in
wiose favour the opinion of Peru ii ptintounced.

E EVENING sTrAlt.." '

LONDON.

•
MONDAY, JANCARY 12;18'24. , '
TUE FUNDS.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols opaned this morning at 891, t, 6, 89. afterwards they
were _done at 891 to 11 for the Account, with little doing, except
malting up Oleic ccounts for Settling day, which will be the 16th.
A private Express Iv.s arrived from Paris this morning, brint;ing
the French rentes of Saturday at 94f. 10c. to 15c. and Spanish
Bonds at 233, leaving-off price, but in the coupe of Satut day they,
were done as high as 25; Ducats 88/, Scrip sj.
1;011E1(3N FUNDS.

Spanish Bonds opened at 23k, h but soon after it was known
that they came Maher from Paris, when they got up to 244.
Current Prices :—Old Spanish 24i, Colombian 64, New Aus-
trian Si i; Chilian 78, Russian 89 a, Old Pm. 91i 4, Poyais si.
FOREIGN EXCHANGES.
AILITSILDA24, SAM 9.—On London, 39. 8. 2 M. 59. 5.
Pshisisusati, Ditc. 19.—0 n London, 9. 7-16;, Paris,loo.
_ Basun, Jaw. London, 3 *M. 7. 24.
LOPSOC, Jas. 2.—On London, 2 M. 6.20.
• :• .
I'RICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
. Bank Stock 284% IA-3 per Cent. Itetlu.BB% 1h
B. per Cam Cons. ex. div. 873 3/4
!4 per Cents. Ohl 101:Yt 7/8
. 4 per Cents. New ex. div. 105% 106
13enk Long Ans. 22.5-16 14—India Bds. 8 ts. 86s. pr.
Exchequer 5.55. 56t.—5m41l Pi. 575. pr.
India rot ilccount 2721/2 271
Coutols lot Account 893/4 89 89% Vs.

Nothing can be more inconsistent than the conduct
of a portion of :he Public Press, in regard to the mur:
der in Hertfordshire. Before Thur tell was tried he was
loaded with every accusation that ingenuity could in-
vent or scandal propaga:e. The murdarer, Thuilell;
was a standing head in the Papers, and we were called
on to believe, that the assassination of Weare was but
one of the many crimes of his life. He was,accused of
having formed a list of seventeen persons whom he had
marked out for sacrifice—of having taken a house in
Manchester-buildings for the very purpose of murder
and, of having wantonly killed a prisoner that he had
taken, in cold food.
Such w;:s tl.e ttcatment Thurtell jeceived .from the
Press at the GlAt he was, in the eyenf the law, in-
nocent, hut now that he has been convicted'ef one of
the most barbarous murders recorded in the annals of
crime, an attempt is made by the very Journals who
heaped coals of fire on his head, to excite a sympathy
for his fate. We are told of the fortitude. and the cou-
rage with which he bore his fate, and one Journalist at•
tributes it to 14 a true sense of the consolations of reli-
gion ;" but where, we would ask, is there a procif of
this?—Certainly dying with firmness is not of itself;
sufficient to give such assulance, for we • ate told,
in Scripture that 64 the wicked have- no bandi in;
their death, neither are they tronbledlike-other
Where, too, we would ask are the -signs of peilitenee?
did he express the slightest abboverwc of, the crime he
had committed, er maniiest.the-slightest feeling for the
victim he had sent noprePared to his long account; we
can. appreciate the feeling manifested by the pri=
.
aoner for his relatives, but were the friends of the
murdered Weare entitled to no share. of his feeling?
Not a word, a sigh, or a tear appears to have escaped
him, that marked his sorrow for his crime, and What-

' .

• •

-

ever hardihood he Might manifest in hiLlast montents,
irratherto auribiltf 0, to an insensibility to his crime;
thin a ntance
4.
- "•• .
S. Mir* we ,&cciv'
VA ed Ila Piipeis to the'
6th, and Dutch Journals .to the 10th instant. The only
article of Inie-re;tlhey contain h at:C.64IIIV
of some regulations in the Grand Micky cif 'Minim

tive to the Itoinaii-1

HE' DELBERG,- IeaCEICIER 25.
Extraordinary attention is eidited by'thelaw respect-
ing the Roman Catholic. churches and scheols-,
.which
has been lately passed by:the' Legislative Assembly of
Saxe Weimar, sanctioned by the Giand Duke, and regu-
larly published. The principal points of this new law
are, " That the GrandDuice reserves to himself all the'
right of Sovereignty over the Roman Catholic churches;
li
that a commission is especially charged to take care of
the rights of the State ; that no Papal brief, no Ar-
chiepiscopal or episcOpal ordinance, can be published
till it has previously received the approbation of the
Government; that complaints respecting the exercise of
ecclesiastical authority shall be directly made known
to the Government; that no applicatiOn shall be made'
to tlae Pope, except on .affairs of the church; that -the
procession.at Weimar; Jena, Ste. shall not take place ex-
cept within the ,chittches; that the processions of Ca-
tholics of other Statet, shall never enter into the territory
tithe:Grand Duchy ; :hat the right of seeking an asylum
in theltomanCathilie church abolished ;that the fund,
of the Catholic Chutches shall not be sent abroad ; that
none but natives Of the Grisnt Duchy shalt be appointed
Parish Priests or Prelates; 'that the Grand 'Duke -ap-
points all the Priests where he has hitherto 'exercised
the right of collation; that the others shall be appointed
by the Rishops, after obtaining the approbation of the
Government; that the Priests, being at the same time
Catholic teachers,' are citizens of the Grand Duchy,
subject to the laws of the country, and amenable to the
ordinary tribunals ; that all laws relative to chi itten-
ings, births, and burials, are binding on the Catholic
churches; that Catholic Priests cannot refuse to cause
crate marriages between persons of „different religious
persuasions, under the pretext that one of the parties
will not consent that the issue of the marriage shall be
educated in the Catholic religion ; that Priests or others
who arc suspected of using their influenee CO make
proselytes shall be called:to account before the tribunals.

•
The Vend' rapers of Friday have reached us. If
we may credit them, great efforts are making in Spain
to replace the Constitutional at y; by. another more at.
tached to the restored Government ; hitt until the Trea-
sury at Madiid becomes better furnished than it is at,
present, all such attempts' must prove abortive. The
new Minister, the Marquis of CASA talk°, continued
indisposed, and the portefeuille of his department is, eel
interim, confided to M. HCEREDIA, while Don Vic ron
SA= remains at Madrid, waiting, no doubt, for any
change that may restore him to his situation of Minister
and Confessor to the KING.

Therreport in the American Papers of a closer alli-
ance between this country and the United States, for
the purpose of resisting any' attempts the Holy Alliance
may meditate against the independence of South Anie-
rica, has made the French Journalists very pacific.—
" We are not in the secrets of the Cabinets," says the
Journal des Debuts, " and we know not how far this
news may be false or true; but we do know, that in
waging war there most be at least two belligerent pax
ties. Now, as we perceive the Continent perfectly. tran-
quil, and can find nobody who thik;ks of warlike' ex-
plOits, the United States may have the trifling pleasure,
if they desire it, of parading their fleets in triumfih
Over seas in which they will meet with none but Wends:.
The following is the Spanish Ordonnance for remo
delling the army

CIRCULAIOOF FITE MINISTER OF WAR.

Conformably to the report of the Duke de l'lnfantado,
Lieutenant-General of the Royal Armies, on the mode to
be followed speedily to effect the re-orgauization and
completion of the Royal Guard, the King has resolved
as follows :

1. Before pMceeding to a general enrolment for my army, those
men shall be admitted to serve in my Royal Gnard who shall velun_
wily offer for that purpose, and who shall possess the qualifications
here below enumerated.
2.. The recruit who shall offer to serve in my Royal Gurad shall
not be under I 13, nor above 30 years of age; -his stature at least five
feet three inches, his constitution healthy and robust, and without
any bodily defet. .

3. No one can be admitted who has been proceeded against by
justice, if he is of infamous extraction, and if he has voluntarily
served, in any quality whatever, under the pretended Constitutional

system. - 1
4. Individuals may be admitted into my Guard, who, having
served in my Armies, before the establishment of the Constitution,
have continued to serve under the illegal Government; provided,
however, and on the express condition, that they have not borne
,etas against the Royalist and allied troops, that tbey have not taken
part in any public disorder, that they have giveb proofs of good con-
duct, and that they answer to the condition in No. 2.
5. Soldierasnmv serving in my armies, including the prOvincial
militia, and who-wish to enter my guard, may make application ac-
cording to my Ortionuance and to the terms of the present resolution.

.. . '. ~

iggtoiWoiotswot*l

NEN

11111

.

- - .
6. The Commanders, Officers, and all others who shall be ap-
pliede* for information, fur the admission of individuals into my
Guard, and who shall omit any important circumstances, shall be
miiiscinsible for the consequences of such omissions.
That' those who wish to enter my Guard may be able to make'
• -
their application without being ohliged"to come to my capital, the
Commandant-General of my Guard shall form corps of recruitswhere
he shall think fit, and shall give them the necessary instructions.
8. The individuals of my Guard shall enjoy the advantages of,
the high pay, and of serving only three-fourths of the time that I
'have fixed for the service of the other troops.

We Lave received alvices from Bayonne to the 4th inst.'
Through this channel we have more or less information
as to the manner in which the restored Government is
working in Spain. In the first place, it has entirely
up the sources of commerce ; and we find, on the autho-
