vrNicE, FEBRUARY 26.

I,v:tets from the Coast of Albania state, that All
Vizier of the Province, is gone from Janina
to visit several small towns in his Government.

Tkey talk of an attentpt of the Insurgents to seize
rn the ion of Santa MAur 4. It is said that several
.1 inissaticA have been thrown into the Sea. It is
tclieved that the revolt has been excited by the na-
tives, who greatly complain of the extortions of the
I izies's Agents.

distinguishes
-- :ht
your.
be
to

hstat.dtag
obstacles

and
,tuition
' the

irposes
recited du-

.itle
brought
Ig-
Or
LO
specs
or
:m-
-ot
Or
Pell
the
i be-
arge
;Ms
pro.

Act:

I iaies's Agents. •
AUGSBURGH, MARCH 9.
RtlSlA.—Scarcely have the peasants of Esthonia
been declared free, when already an important step
is taken in Courland, to restore the rights originally
common to all classes of society. At the Assembly
of the States at lqietau, the Military Governor of
the Province, Marquis Palucci, expressed the wish
of the Emperor." that the Nobility of Courland,
following the example of civilized States, might se-
cure the respectable class of husbandman, in their re-
lations, by express laws."—" Born," said the speaker,
win a country (Its! ) wkcsve. without personal Eroo7,
I should feel myself supremely happy, if L cold see
is my new cottony, the class of peasanti cheated by
giving them a legal existence to a freer sphere of ac-
tion, and their lot secured by a law formed with the.
assistance of your own deliberations.
" The intellectual improvement which has ad-
vanced in emulation of the parent state, cannot be
deaf to. the imperious voice of the spirit of the times.
• With the liberality of sentiments that distinguishes
year illustrious body, it must appear. to you a slight
sacrifice to transfer the authority exercised by your-
aches to the regular appointed judge, as it most be
easy for you to renounce the idea, that in order to
improve the political existence of the peasantry, a
certain maturity must be waited for. 'Whereas it is
precisely the state of slavery, which notwithstanding
all physical advantages, opposes invincible obstacles
to this marmity."
The Nobility hereupon declared themselves ready
to answer to the paternal desires of the Monarch, and
D y contributing to the improvement of the situatior
of the peasantry, to these themselves worthy of the
Imperor's confidence.
A Letter from 'Treed', dated March 1, says :
" The 29th of February was a day of terror twos
About one, p; m. a dreadful storm arose, accom
panied with thunder, /lightning. snow, and rain. A
thunderbolt fell perpendicularly on the church of St
?militias, one of 'HE finest in Germany, and in les
than at; boor the whole building was in flames. Thi
reaple, and the whole of the roof, which was of corn
I,,atible materials, Were consumed ; the interior o
c.arcti happily escaped."
The Bill introduced by Mr. Lusitorerrow, to ex
plain and aniend the existing Laws with regard n
the Assessment of Dwelling-houses, proposes to en
act, that " all tenements and building! which hair
heretofore been occupied as dwelling-houses, or part
ct dwelling-houses, and which, from and after the
, shall be employed solely for the purpose
el trade, shall not be charged to the said reeked du
tie', as dwelling-houses."...-But. in order to entitl
such premises to exemption, they are to be brough
ilto assessment, in the first instance, as dwelling
• rises; the occupioe is to give in, to the Assessor o
urveyor, a- declaration in writing, of their claim t
lee exempted; the Assessor or Suiveyor, is to inspec
and report...." And if after any such claim made. c
btf,.,re or after allowance thereof, it shall be discc
veseu ghat the same dwelling-house lath been ear
PoPed for any other use than for the purposes c
"de, or as a warehouses, for lodging goods, wares, c
"rchandit or that any person cloth inhabit or dwe
I. Mill except as afore:aids daram"lif' for th
Pui pose cat such trade, then, on due proof thereof la
I'te 'he Cornmasioners, they shall assess and charg
The sail dwening-house, notwithstanding such claim
or any thing to the cor.ttary" contained its the prl
, rGifJ Act.
