. - .
• Iwo— ---,—IFFL!!I---s-ml-- -J.- --.0-- I themeless. therirakettimeed that
TM: 'IIPEIiTP-PF TILE PRESS, ANQ rms.
,ies will be immedigtelltulged.
• . . UT/41TX OP NEWSPAPERS.'. 'l6''' /or examido, kijitis diet •
' weedicts
-. ..
~. . —lv-
. .lap rectom t the Jtirr,iillprestatl:
• .-
[TlinfoilOvring. excellent Renisis on the Lisaltxx oiltsne the, icers : -
Patss, anti the utnitY OINEWSPAPEIIti; are from *openof WIN '• ' It • 1-
Oct ' 9. area log of, the
Fem., of Warrington, a Gentleman well known to the Lite-
Cary World t] press says,si I tuts every day more
—. . vinced that its unrestrained produ,
The Liberty of the Press, simply defined, is the tious Newspapers themselvesnot.exceptea, 1.. _
liberty or printing and publishing whatever ive please veyed to every cornet of Great Britain, along with
to print and to publish. Tins liberty exists only under much impertinence and scurrility* such a regard for
a tree government, and it isoherefore, possessed and the Constitution, such a sense of the rights of the:
maintained in this country. to a teeter extent than in subject, andt such a degree of general knowledge as
'any other. It has grown oat of [he liberal principles never were so universally diffused over any otherua-
of the British Constirution, and has given a spirit and tion. Nothing besides can be a greater check to that
energy to the minds of the people incoripatible with wantonnest ot power than the privilege of unfolding!
slavery, oppression, or a degrading submission. private grievances at the bar of the public. Thus
The liberty or the press is the parent of every other the cause of individuals is made a public concern,.
01 liberty, anclalso its most powerful advocate. and the nation which their wrongs ex-
species
general indignation
Tie: civil, political, and religious liberty which we cite, forms at once one of the severest punishments
now enjoy originated in the liberty of the press, and which den be inflicted oaths oppressor, and one of the
by the same me.ins—by the publication of sentiment strongest bulwerks that can be raised in defence' of
• —by the freedom given to the circulation of argu- the unprotected, By the. liberty of the press the
:news and °Onions,• it has been defended and pre- most speedy and effectual alarm is given all over the
served. The liberty of the press arrests the progress nation when any great public misconduct haopeas, or,
of tyranny. it reforms public abuses and redresses upon any appearance of design against the consti-
private wrongs, and it denounces conspirators ,
the constitution, and against the rights and indepen- Th
e abuJe and licentiousneis of Newspapers have'
the Miran"
.dence of the people. ll This glorious privilege," says frequently been a matter of complaint, but that cam-
JUNIUS, "may be a security to the King, as well as a plaint should not be a reason for limititig their circa
resource to his people. Had there been noStarChamber, talon, or their liberty of publishing, but such effects
there would have been no rebellion against CHARLES as are evidently injurious to the community ought
the First. The constant censure and admonition of the to be corrected. The moment that a man takes a
de
Id 7 levented a decided part in politica, his conduct becomes a fair
.. • .. ' tie-

subject tor discussion, and he has the liberty of
tending it in the Newspapers if it be in them at-
tacked. The people are open to conviction, and if
he should . still feel- himself aggrieved be will find
the cause in his conduct, and the remedy in a re-
formation.
No danger can arise from the publication of opi.
snions. It the opinions published be true, they ought
to be adopted. and if false, they will be confined.
There is at ail times sense enough in the nation to
appreciate their value, and virtue enough to approve
the decisions of truth.
Every attempt to limit the circulation of News-
, papers. and to interrupt the progress of opinion,
proves that a tyrant exists, and that oppression is
preparing for the people ; for if the freedom of tub.
fishing were stopt, the Loss of liberty and security
would soon follow.
Newspapers afford to the Government the means
of exposing to the people the designs of demagogues
and factions, and they are to the people a barrier
against the encroachments of power and authority.
They are the safeguards of the constitution, and the
palladium of nationalliberty.
In the Newspapers the persecuted patriot may vie-
dicate his principles against the partizans of power.
He may be deprived of hiii liberty, but he is assured
that his situation will be known. He may be doomed
to a prison, but his sufferings will be published.
His guilt or his innocence wilt be duly estimated in
the public mind, and the operation of the law will
be influenced by it.
The censure or approbation which Newspapers be-
stow on public characters, operates, in a powerful
manner, oa the conduct f those who are employed
in the naval or military service of the country. It
infuses courage into the breast of the warrior, and
stimulates him to great exploits. The love of tame,
and of public approbation is a laudable passion, and
the characteristic of a noble mind. The warrior,
knowing that every movement, every manoeuvre, arid
every part of his conduct in every enterprise, will
make its way into every Newspaper in the kingdom
—be there severely scrutinized, and become a sub.
jest of either praise or censure, feels an irresistible
inn,ulse to acquire a reputation for bravery, and to
deserve the approbation of his country. fie there-
fore contemplates no alternative between victory and
death.
• The following very singular and recent Instance
will be sufficient to illustrate what is here said on this
'subject. The account is taken from a Newspaper,
and credit has been given to it. " At the commence-'
merit of the battle of Quatre Bras, on the 16th of
June, 1815, a Scotch regiment was, for a consider-
able time, unemployed, thodgh exposed at the same
time to a tire of round shot, from a French column.
The officers of this regiment. who had a complete,
view of the field, saw the 42d, and other battalions.
warmly engaged in charging. The young men could
not brook the contrast presented by their inactivity.
GI It will," said they be the same now ash always
has been—the 42d will have all the led of it. There
will be a fine noise in the New:figura about that regi.;
ment, but the devil a word of us." Some of their elders
consoled them by assuring them of the probability
that, before the day was over, they *would have.
enough of it. This regiment was one of those which
suffered the most, and the greater part of these fine,
spirited youths, who expressed this impatience, were
laid lifeless in the field before evening."
Newspapers contribute more, perhaps, than any
other publication, to the encouragementot literature,
and to the diffusion of general information. They
frequently give publicity to Original literary articles
of superior merit, which would not be published in
any other form, and to 'chose selections from cele-
brated works, which would nut be generally read in
the original publications.
Newspapers afford a novelty and variety ,highly
gratifying to Else enquiring
.mind, and a convenient
medium fur the display of rising genius. The poet
finds in them a place for his effusioris, and the poll-
tician kr his reflections. The philosqpher deposits
therein his speculations and , discoveries, and the his-
torian gives to the public the result of his researched.
We have celebrated authors wheisenotions of writing
were first suggested by the eau means which ,News-
papers offer for publication, and by 'these means their A
taste for'composition was formed, and their progress
in literature encouraged and promoted. Dr. Frank-
lin made his first essay, anonymously, in a Newspaper,.
and the approbation which it met with urged hiss
to Other attempts, and led to the eminence in fiterk
tare and philosophy at which he arrived.
The convenience which Wwspapers afford, for
reading and Publishing, brings into notice talents
which otherwise would have remained in obecinitf,
and the tree discussion of political, as well as other
subjects, introduced by Newspaper information, pro-
pagates a spirit of liberty which dissipates the slavisit
ideas of vassalage and dependence:. if There wean

press wottld have corrected his conduct, ph
civil war, and saved him from an ignominious death."
The laws regulate the principles and preserve the
benefits of civil society, and the Press preserves the
laws, appreciates their value and makes them under-
stOod. It tyranny seize the arm of government, and
direct its influence against the laws, or against public
eights, the press hastens to the succour of the subject,
stops the progress of power and Corruption, arid re-.
stores the safety of the people. Give me, said Mr.
Sheridan, in the House of Commons on a well-known
'occasion, -give me, said he, the Liberty of the Press,
and I will give to the Minister a venal House of
• Peers-4 will give him a corrupt and servile House
Of Commons—l will give him the full swing of the
patronage of office—l will give him the whole host
of ministerial influence—l will give him all the power
that place can confer upon him, to purchase up sub-
mission and avirawe resistance;' and yet armed with
the Liberty of the Press, I will go forth to meet him
undismayed ; I will attack the mighty fabric he has
reared with that Mightier engine ' • I will shake down
from its'hitigh‘ corruptors, and bury it beneath the
ruins oltheabuies it was meant to shelter."
By tlfe liberty of the press the feelings and the
opinionior the people are collected and declared,
which becoine, a criterion by which the Ministers of
government may know the value of their labours, or
the 'extent albeit. reputation in the estimation of the
and they will regulate their conduct accor-
dingly. When the press is free its efforts are effectual.
'lf we look back to those tithes which were agitated
la•contending parties, we Oa almost invariably find
that the cause of justice was effectually served, and I
became finally triumphant by the support it received
froth the liberty of the pets.
The liberty of the press furnishes the people with
various iestiuments of 'power and defence ; but of
all the articles which issue from the press, none are
so convenient in appealing to the public for either
relict er lor justice, on the' side of either the Prince
or the people, as Newspapers.—" They who conceive
(says Junius), that our Newspapers are no restraint
upon bad men, or impediment to the execution of bad
measures, know nothing of country. While this cen-
sorial power is maintained, both Ministers and Ma.
gistrates are compered, in ahnost every instance, to
choose between their duty and the surrender of their
former rePutation. A dilemma of this. kind perpe.
ttsally before them, will not indeed work a miracle in
their hearts, but it will assuredly operate, in some
degree, upon their conduct."
' The liberty of the press, by giving birth to the
publication of Newspapers and to political discus.
sion, has rendered an essential service to the consti-
tution, and also to the cause of freedom. By the
means of their extensive circulation, political know-
ledge has been generally cultivated and widely disse-
minated ; the rights and privileges of the people have
been defined, and their duty' and obligation, to the Go.
vernment understood. •
Newspapers. were first published is England, in
1642,' and if we trace with accuracy the rapid ad-
vancement of general knowledge; the means by which
civil and religious liberty have been extended, the
progress of refinement in manners, policy, and go-`
vernment, by which this nation has been so eminently
distinguished since that period, it will appear that we
are considerably indebted fur these advantages, to
those useful vehicles of inforMation.
Before Newspapers were printed, Pulideal know-
ledge Was' confined to a few individuals, and general
knowledge possessed chiefly by men of..llterary pro-
fessions, and communicated through the slow medium
of voluminous publications, the circulation of which
was necessarily partial, and the bulk of the people
were, consequently, ignorant ; but the appearance of
Newspapers fixed a new era in knowledge. A spirit
of inquiry was immediately excited; men became
acquainted with the sentiments of the government,
and the sentiments of the people, and publicity was
given to every important transaction.
'•lt is this public notoriety of all things," says
De Lolme, in speaking of .Newspapers, that Con-
stitutes the supplemental power, or check, which is
so useful to remedy the unavoidable insufficiency of
the laws, and keep wienin their respective bounds,
all those persons who, enjoy any share of pisblic au-
thority. As they are thereby made sensible that all
their actions are exposed to public view, they dare
not venture upon those acts of partiality, those secret
connivances at the iniquities of particular persons, or
those vexatious practices which the man in office is
but too apt to be guilty of, when exercising his office
at a distance from .tht public eye, and as it were ipi
a corner, he is satisfied that provided he be cautiOus,l
be merdispense with being just. Whatever may till
the kind of abute, in ninth persons in power mar
in such a state of things, be tempted to indulge
• It is somewhere stated, that the first Eoglisb )&mpipaper
was aeausbiat in 1558, wider the Dams of the Asjiish Merasty ;
but Wires more then a.century afters 11 is surrsods beton
Newspapers bad a meal circulation.

The Parliamentary sptechPiees are highly interesting.
They unfold•to us the state of politics, and the state
of parties, and acquaint us with the opinions of both
Houses on every measure which is proposed far their
deliberation. The revenue and expenditure of Go-
vernmeut -are, at certain periods, clearly explained
no the public, and every expense which it incurs in
war'or in'peace. becomes a matter of notoriety to the.
-people. The various Acts of Parliament which are
pawed in the course of each Session. and also. the
proceedings in the different Courts of Justice are re- '
coved into Newspapers, and furnish the readers with
useful and interesting information.
In short, through the medium of Newspapers, we/.
receive intelligence from the remotest corner of the.
world ; and every transaction of either interest or en-.
tertainment at home, is conveyed to us by the most
rapid communication. To form an• idea of the
utility of-Newspapers, let us reflect for a moment on
the state of ignorance in which we should be without
'' ' -

F

' • •

L t.rMl

•
r
~
at their. •
~. • , 4 Illogys lir. Grata', Ali the lee int
I. The .;,'"---44:. i.. nrspe,ivas conked to the leegyi it tirekadvell‘ed.
et, the Judge, trt -1 .. onr the highermrdee of e 14ituAnd now it Mei
rally be laid . , I gone among the plople, itti Then the poliels or ita.
• , teliect are possernita In; ilse .at bosly sallite- nation,
e freedom qt.*" it is madness to lope to' impose On dist nation civil
we ,aiut AlOiliiin4 or-religli ol*ret.skm." • • - *
luction i, ' the . lir,eo.; Tice articles admitted into Niv,t
land i
interesting.
spapers render them.
excepted, have con- a source of amusement,. ple.:surf, nitrucresting.
tion.—
- i• _____-__ ---,hr. .1-... sialllv
