-Eacharge on England,
Count.

paper money 20 du.

Extract of a private letter, dated Oporto, April 27.—" Parse.
cations still continue; two abbots, a friar, and three respectable in-
dividuals, were brought in prisoners from the country on Friday, and
on Sunday an Oka of escadrilles was treated In the same manner.
In the Carreio da Porro, you will And the names of two persons
seized while entering the house of the Viseonde de St. Gil da Pens.
The one was the Militia Colonel Luis Carmeire de Ss. Bulimia,
60 years old, resident of Villa Conde; and the emend Joao
d'Ahneida Moraes "'mamba, Fidalgo of the Royal Household, MI
years old living in the district of the Villa Real. The forme woe
thumb-screwed so cruelly, that the blood burst (torn beneath his
nails. Several persons have been put upon their ails by the Al.
coda, and several clergymen, among whom is the learned Father
Joaquim Pereira Ames de Car►albo, have been sentenced to various
periods of imprisonment. The want of corn in Lisbon must be
very great, for wheat has been embargoed in the neighbourhood of
this city, in cedes to eta being seat down to Lisbon. •We are here
all anxiety to knew the news heat the islands."

//114024. .11-
ALl;tlt. •••
IMPERIAL. PAIILIASIENI'C. -A*
• 4
HOUSE OF LORDS—Mow DA .
L
The Feed of ELDON roma a petition from the Grand Jurors
of Destigbdoke. spinet say akseatise IN the Welsh judicature.
The Nib sod likewise presented a redden teem woe penons living
in the wielder
me an `n eve aphid the London-bridge Ap-
riesil Ono and &going
After a few resents 611111 the=lialusb et LONDONDERRY,
Ho Viscount EIRLIFILLII imid, thee the bill had already passed both
wes of raelbusee.
The Aniddebep of YORK poseonled a petition from a place iii
Yorkshire, pray*. abilliortinitierssokrrory.
Lord ROLL/ -pooloard • ibew a place in Devorsb.re
against the_Leuhement et RN hwy.
Earl riTzwriztAx preemie& elesal petitions from &Iloilo
and gear places against Negro slavery.
The Duke of BEAUFORT Coed a petition against the pu.
nishtnent of death for forgery . The name of the place we% not heard
below the bar. The noble Duke also presented a petition from
Renfrew, In favour of a free trade to India and China.
The Duke of hiONTROSE presented a petition from Stirling
against the additional duty on British own-spirits. The noble Duke
spoke of the impolicy (as was understood) of increasieg the duty
now Bled, and said it would tend to increase smuggling. '
• . ;
ANATOMY.
Lord CALTHORPE presented a petition from the. ;itysicians,
surgeons, and students of the Westminster Medical Society, praying
for legislative measures to facilitate the study of anatomy. The pe-
tition having been read at length,
Lord CALTHORPE gave notice, that on au early day he should
lay un the table a Bill having for its object what the petitions sought
to obtain.

The Duke of NORFOLK presented a petition from an individual
in St. James's Westminster, praying the establishment of an inati.
tution hi that parish (we believe) for the deaf and dumb.
Lord KING presented a petition from a parish in Cork, relathe
to tithes.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a petition from Wit
tington, against the renewal of the East India Company's Charter.
Lord DURHAM, when presenting a petition from the ship
owners of Sunderland, said, that the petitioners represented the dis.
trees to be great under which the shipping interest was now suffer-
ing, and they ascribed their distress as arising from en alteration in
the naviesdes laws. With inquiet to the fatter, he was not calle.l
upon to give an opinion; but lie would bear his testimony to the
fact, that the distre's of which they complained was great. He re-
gretted to add, that he had heard nothing stated by his majesty's
ministers, indicative on their part, of proposing anything to reline
the distresses of which the petitioners, and others eheum►tanced hie
them, complained. The noble lord then presented a petition from
the seamen of the port of Sunderland, praying to be relieved from
contributing towards defraying the expenses of Greenwich Hospital.
Viscount GODERICH presented a petition from the hop-factory
of Sussex, against the malt duty.
The private bills on the table, waiting a third reading, were then
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. Par.xxxa, andother members of the House of Commons,
brought up five private bills, which were severally read a first tine
at a subsequent period of the evening.
Mr. Toadies, from the Treasury, presented at the bar an account
of the exports and imports of coals during a stated period.
Mr. Preston, from the East India House, presented at the bar
financial estimates of the Rut India Company.

lIREACH Or PRIVILEGE.
It having been intimated to their lordships, by Mr. Pullen, the
Assistant Usher of the Black Rod, that Mr. (lepp, the Acting
Treasurer of the western division of the county of Essex, was in
attendance, in conformity to a summons issued on a preceding day,
The Earl of MAUI ESBURY rose, and said that, on the 26tli
of July last, an order of the house had been made out, requiring re-
turns of land-tax, and that the treasurer of the western division of
the county of Essex had not complied with that order. On the 6th
of December a letter was written to that gentleman, to which no an.
ewer was returned. At the commencement of the present session a
letter was addressed to him, and it was found that the duties of the
office were performed by deputy. About six weeks ago another
letter was written, to which no answer was returned. The noble
earl then proceeded to say that the returns bad been now furnished,
but he felt it his duty, having, in the first instance, moved for the
production of them, to move for the attendance of the acting trea-
surer, Mr. Gepp ; and with their lordship's permission, he would
now propose that Mr. Oepp be called in, with a view of explaining
his conduct.

The motion having been put and carried,
AIL Depp was al WI in: be stood at the bar.
The lA/RD CHANCELLOR informed him that he had been
summoned to attend the house, kw having disobeyed its orders, and
he was now called upon to state what be wished to offer in extenua-
tioa of his conduct.
Mr. Gepp—My Lords, I am extremely sorry for what has tram.
pared. When I first received the order of your lordship.' house,
requiring the return, it was unfortunately laid wide. I beg to say
that in what I have done, I had no intention of showing any disres-
pect to this house. In the hurry of business the order bad been for.
I *peat that I ant sorry for what has been done, and I an,
fully sensible that I ought to have furnished the return required.
Ile was desired to withdraw.
The Earl of MALMESBURY said that it was not his wish to
proceed with harshness towards any individual. There were two
courses to take the choice of, when pp circumstanced as Mr.
Oepp was were brought to their [pa' bar, either to direct than
to be kept in custody, or discharge than as payment of fees. It
was proper to show that their Lordships had the power of enforcing
their orden.--(Hear, hear.)—Taking into consideration the contri-
tion which Mr. Oepp had evinced, he (the Earl of Malmesbury)
would call upon the house to have him discharged out of custody.
after being reprimanded.
Mr. Oepp was then called in, and having taken his station at the
bar,
The LORD CHANCELLOR, addressing him, said—You have
been guilty of a serious offeoce, in disobeying the orders of the house.
—For such offence you are liable to be sent to prison.—
You, however, having explained your conduct, and expressed con-
trition for what you have done, the house extends its indulgence to
you, and orders you to be discharged out of custody, and you are
discharged accordingly.
Mr. tiepp then bowed and retired.
Lord SEELMERSDALE moved the thin of the Day far the
second reading of Shakerley's Divorce Bill.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that he bad attended to the
evidence, and he thought the adultery had been completely esta-
blished; and there appeared no evidence why the bill ought not to
be read a second time.
The bill was then read a second time.
Lord TEYNHAM wished to make a few observations.
The LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that the noble lord
would have another opportunity at a future stage of the bill.
Lord TEYNHA 111 then signified he would reserve what he wished
to state until the bill was committed.

COMPOSITION OF TITIINS.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY rose to submit the bill for
compounding tithes, of which he had given previous notice. Ile
commenced with remarking, that he bad hoped to lay the
bill on their lordships' table at an earlier period of the maim,
in order that the principles and details might be beton the
house, but cimunstanees had occurred to prevent him. He request-
ed the attention of their lordships to the measure, it being a subject
of considerable importance. Many complaints bad been made on
account of the m eof providing is the Clergy, which tended to
disturb the harmony which ought to subsist between them and their
parishioners. With a view of obviating that evils, various reme-
dies had been suggested—money psymens, corn rent, and so on ;
but to all these he objwied, if accompanied with the extinction of
tithes. To a composition, by voluntary agreement, for a limited
period, by which an incumbent might bind his mecesson, no objec-
tion existed on the part of the Right Rev. Prelates, and he be-
lieved that incumbents generally would rejoice as such a spotari.
To establish such a composition was the object of the presets MB,
which bad been framed on the Act now in form (for compound.
dog Tythes) in Ireland. (bear, hear, hear). Thai Act
had been found to be productive of great advansesps is that. man.
try, By the present bill it was proposed to esabk parties to ester
into an arrangement for compounding tithes, is NUM miss not ex.
reeding years, in others not exang Id years, regulated by the
price of coin. The most rev. prelate than explained the mower in
which this arangement was to be carried onilliadseans comasis.
simpers, which should, whets completed, be b upon all puni
sh
His bill would not affect disputed modems lie no other wish
nor interest in bringing this measure forward than that justice
should be done to stparties. He was anxious to eseebe payer and
receiver possessed of their tights. In a measure of the nature which
he had now the honour of sulabitth3, it was obvious that, on the
first introduction, it was and ,se should
feel obliged to say osidslilartassendld=soarlessieteace.
The Mai of ELDON apes* his Ibpabo for the meneare new
proposed by the most Rev. Prolawamwelkireiag it ass likely to be
attended with beseficisl results; bat at the saws dos somarkgag,
that hob with rows to the clergy sad Isadore% the bill was Ms.
cepdble of impereamat.
TIN bill was tbso pad a first time.
wed The Bishop s
lbsbethickseo f LONDON ~lord his muses fee a
Deo hill to
the oisertess of E witb Thelma "
until taw (Ode day.) H
A ps=
FTligia7wAohlWaystasethis......Ll
sha eh Nish.
Immo
would 4 to ihot AO, was Ifix= frf abe Eowl wf
sit •
On the modes ei the Itlarivis.of SALISBURY, do anew edit

N 1
