thought the whole affair disgraceful to the British ministers,
under whose auspices it was undertaken. The bill was
ultimately withdrawn ;—and after various petitions were
presented for the abolition of slavery, reform in parliament,
and reduction of taxes, the House adjourned at 10 o'clock.

Aamy.—This afternoon General Lord HILL heW a Laves
u Commander-in-Chief, at his office in the Horse Guards.
The Levee wee attended by the Duke of GORDON ; the Earl
of ALBM* RLI ; Sir JOSEPH FULLER; Sir JOHN
BROWN ; Gen. TAYLOR; M. Gen. GRANT ; M. Gen.
MUNDAY ; M. Gen. Ross; Sir DUDLEY HILL, and
about 30 other Officers.

cirr, OWE O'CLOCK.

To the present hour we have quite a blank day for infor-
mation. No arrivals, either of foreign mails, ship letters,
or express from Paris, which causes a great dulness in the
city u well as with the speculators in the funds, who are
anxiously waiting for further accounts from Paris and
Poland.

Consols, which left off yesterday at 811 to 82 for the
Account, opened at the same price, and at present may be
quoted at 82 to 821, with little or nothing doing.
The Foreign Market is also in the same state of stagna-
tion, and the prices are much the same as yesterday.
The private letters from Medea to the 3d December, state
that the Bey of Titeri surrendered at discretion, with his
son ; and the General received them in a very affable man-
ner in his chamber, surrounded by his kat major; the Bey
repeatedly asked pardon of the Commander-in-Chief, which
he granted, at the same time gave permission to the Bey to
send for his wives; they are all of them to proceed to Al-
giers, and it is expected they are to be sent to Marseilles.
It appears by accounts from Brunson', that Mr. Cart-
wright, who was said to have proceeded to Frankfort, has
again left that city, on the I 1 th, for the Hague ; and it is
hoped he will be more successful than on his former mission
to the King of Holland.

chit. TWO O'CLOCZ

The highest price of Consols this morning has been 821.
and the lowest 81k, for the Account, at which they conti-
nue at present. We are informed that letters are in town
this morning from Paris, which bring an account of se-
veral commercial failures in that capital. One of them
is said to be to a considerable amount. They write from
Colmar, Bth December, that the gates of Basle bad been
closed, and 37 pieces of cannon were placed to defend the
town against the population of the Cantons in a state of in•
surrection. We have no political news at present. In the
Foreign Market, Rassian Stock has declined to 861.
