FRANCE.

Mr. WARBURTON txpl.,in, :::.tt :•aid, that he was determined
persevere in his motion.
After a few observations frem O'CONNOR DON, the bill passed
t lortP.:gh a committee

PUBLIC I'IIARITITS.
Ti ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved for leave to bring in a Bill,
to extend the power of Commissioners on Public Charities.
Mr. Aid. WINCH ESTER made a few observations on the measure,
did not reach the gallery.
'r. HUME admitual that the motion east one of a good tendency,
:.et he at-:td a rumber of rea.ons, showing that to be beneficial, the
Is minissionere must have other instruction than the last commission, to
le; der them efficient.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL in his reply said, that the Corn-
ewssier which he proposed was likely to be more efficient than the last
Commission.
Sir C. WETH ERMA, spoke in objection to the observations of th'
hon. Member for Mhldlesex.
After a few words from Ald. WINCHESTER, the ATTORIZEY•OZ:
and Mr. HuNT, leave was given to bring in the Bill.
Mr. LAMB moved for leave to bring in a Bill to amend the Ado,
27th Geo. 111. for levying the militia in the Tower Hamlet,.
Mr. lIU ME hoped; he whole of the militia lawn would be brought
before the .10ttle. The burden at present fell entirely upon the poor.
The militia should b. raised, as in Ireland, by levying the money re.
quired to embody militia regiments, by means of a tax comprising all
classes.
After a few words from Alderman WOOD and Mr. HODGES,
Mr. LAMB said the propriety of a change in the system should not
be lost sight of.
Leave was then given to bring in the bill.
Lord ALTHORP gave notice that to-morrow, in the Committee of
'rays and Means, he should move the annual sugar duties.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of.
The Tower Hamlets Militia Bill was brought in by Mr. Lamb, read
first time, and ordered to be read a second time:to-morrow.
An Hon. Munro presented a petition from a place in Northum-
berland, praying for a commutation of tithes.
Mr. WATSON presented a petition from the freemen of the Corpo-
ration of Canterbury, praying for Reform, and offering to surrender up
their elective franchise.
Sir CHARLES WETHERELL observed the petition was ineee..
sistent with the petitioners' oath to defend the rights of their Corpo.
ration.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL denied any such inconsistency to
exist.
Mr. HUNT had heard of a meeting having been held in London by
c.rtuir outvoters of Canterbury, complaining of the Reform. But he
could assure the hon. member for Boreughhridge that they regretted—
rot the loss of th. it corporate rights, but the good beef and good al
distributed at elections.
The ATTOR N EV-GENERAL presented two Anti-slavery peti-
tions from Bristol. He also presented a petition frmo the lieenced
brewers, and others of Nottingham, complaining of tie obstruction to
•heir business occasioned by informers. Also a petition from the com-
positors, and others of Nottingham, against the stamp acts. Also, two
petitions from the Hibernian Negro Friends Society, one for the equali-
sation of the sugar duties, and another for the abolition of negro sla-
very. A similar petition from the dissenters of Thornbury, in Glou-
cestershire.
Petitions praying that the proposed Bill should pass into a law,
were presented from Greenwich, and from Woolwich, by Mr. Hodges,
anti tom Wolverhampton by Mr. Trevor.
Mr. H. HUGHES presented a petition from Clergymen in Sher-
Veld, for the building of new churches.
Mr. CALLAGHAN presented three petitions from places In Cork
against Slavery ; one for the repeal of the Union from the Tailors of
the city of Cork ; one from the shipowners of the same place against the
tiodier duties.
Mr. E WART presented a petition from Liverpool, for the repeal of
the duty on candles.
Mr. it TREVOR presented a petition from Wolverhampton,against
negro slavery.
Mr. BUNG presented petitions against the Vestry Bill from St.
James's, from Paddington, and from St. Andrew's, Holborn.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from the Licensed retailers
of Beer, in the .Metropolis, praying to be allowed to sell Beer to a
later hour.

The House adjourned at Ten Minutes past Ni.ra

THE RUSSIANS AND POLES.
W.t ns Aw , FEB. 28.—0 n the 24th and 25th of February
there was again some very obstinate fighting ; all our jour-

nals are full of the particulars. The following account is in
our State Gazette of the 26th :

" The day before yesterday there was a terrible battle on
the other side of the Vistula. The combat began at break
of day at Bialolenka; a fresh corps of Russians, which bad
advanced to that place, was dispersed and lost five cannon.
At Grochow, Field-Marshal Diebitsch, besides the corps of
Generals Pahlen, Rosen, and Geismar, had called that of
Schachowski to join him, with the intention of open-
ing himself a way to Warsaw. He, therefore, commenced
the battle with a great superiority of force. On our right
wing a caissoon, tilled with shells, blew up in the middle of
a regiment of cavalry, and did us considerable injury ; our
left wine; and centre now also advanced to Grochow. The
u armies were in their positions in the evening. On our
side, General Chlopicki was wounded in the foot by a cannon
ball. Ger.eral Zymirski was mortally wounded, and died in
the course of the day. The enemy, however, sustained no
inconsiderable loss : they had four Generals killed; two re-
giments of infantry and one of cuirassiers were dispersed ; a
battery partly taken, and partly spiked. Our army was at-
tacked seven times successively. General Krukowiecki com-
manded on our side.

" According to other journals, the Russians had, on the
25t1:, no fewer than 150 cannon in the field. Our loss, in
killed and wounded, is estimated at between 2,000 and
3,000 men, and yet all our troops were not engaged, as a
great portion covered Praga. The scythe-bearers are said
to have fought desperately. General Cblopicki has been
brought wounded to Warsaw, but it is thought he will soon
be able to leave the city again: he bad two horses killed
under him.

" On the two following days there was no fighting, hut
it seems that it was found necessary on our side to abandon
the ground on the other side of the Vistula. The melan-
choly result of this conviction has been, that we were obliged
to set fire to the suburb of Praga, in order to have a clear
space before the intrenchments which cover the bridges over
the Vistula. Praga was burning the whole day on the 26th.
A proclamation from the National Government promises
that the unfortunate inhabitants shall be indemnified. The
preceding day. in the midst of tie battle at Grochow, it was
reported here for a time that Praga was taken by the enemy.
*a The Commander-in-Chief, Prince Radziwill, has laid
down the command, which has been given, pro tempore, by
tl.e National Government, toGeiieral John Skrzvnecki, who
was confirmed in the office by the two Chambers on the 26th.
According to seniority, General Krukowiecki should have
had the chief command ; but it is said he was the first to
second the appointment of Skrzynecki.
" General Dwernicki, in a report dated 24th, from Koz-
niece, says, that the corps of General Kreutz had entirely
left the weiwodships of Sandomer and Cracow, and retired
across the Vistula. The Russians had, up to that time,
contrived to stiengthen the ice on the 'Vistula, and to
keep up the communication over it by covering the sur-
face with straw, and pouring water over it.
" A resolution, of the National Government, of the 26th,
declares all Poland in a state of war.
4 THE HAGUE, MARCH B.—The Handlesblad says,
that a courier had arrived at Amsterdam, with news that
a report was received at Berlin on the 3d, that Praga had
been taken by storm by the Russians, and that it was ex-
pected that the surrender of Warsaw would speedily follow.
" This report, however, needs confirmation, especially
as such reports have frequently been spread.
" His Royal Highness the Prince of Orange is expected
here from London about the 15th inst.
" The Petersburgh journals, of the 23d of February, con-
tain the second bulletin of Count Diebitsch : it is dated let
(13th) of February, and relates only to some trifling skir-
mishes. The insurgents were so unprepared for the arrival
of the Russians, that they even abandoned their magazines
of provisions and forage. The Russians, says the bulletin,
were impatient to meet the enemy.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, MARCH 11.

The Cabinet Council, which met yesterday afternoon at
four o'clock, continued in deliberation in the Foreign Office
till seven in the evening; resumed its sitting at ten, and
continued deliberating till after midnight. At one this
afternoon, the Council met again at the Foreign Office; and,
as in both the previous instances, was numerously attended.

We fear a hope cannot be rationally indulged as to the
fate of Warsaw. The estafette has just brought to us a
number of French papers, all replete with expressions of
regret at the event. We have selected a few paragraphs,
illustrative of the predominating feeling on the subject. As
to the fact, although there is nothing yet amounting to
what can be called an official account of the disaster, nor
a very clear explanation of how the intelligence has reached
Paris, there is in all the papers details of the unfortunate
transactions, which accord so generally in the particulars, as
to render it unnecessary to transcribe the narrative from more
than one Journal ; and mention the particulars in which the
others vary.

The Messager des Chambres seems to speak with more
diffidence on the subject, than its contemporaries. It says,
" This day the most disastrous news have been current
upon the affairs of Poland. It was given out at the
Bourse as positive, that Praga was burnt—that the
Russians in great force occupied the environs of Warsaw,
and that that city was ready to capitulate. It was said
that General DIEBITSCH had invested the place with
80,000 men, whilst the Polish army was engaged with a
grand Russian corps before Praga. We have seen a letter
from Berlin, written to this purport ; but the Gazette de
Prusse of the 2nd March contains nothing of a similar cha-
racter. We are pleased to doubt, until such time as we re-
ceive at Paris the direct news. The Moniteur affirms, this
day, that there had not arrived at the Palais Royal any
despatch from Poland. We say on our side, with several
Journals of the morning, and without fear of being contra-
dicted, that the news which we gave yesterday, as a general
on dit, proceeded direct from persons attached to the house
of the King, and that it was spread at the Chamber, where
it obtained credit ; it was to it added even that the Russian

artillery had been taken."
Le Temps says—" Our illusions have been of short dura-
tion—Poland victorious over Russia ! The spectacle was
too sublime for thistime of degradation and misery—all has
returned to order. Poland exists no more. Such is the
meaning of the ambiguous words which reiterated questions
extracted from the Minister of Foreign Affairs, this day in
the Chamber. A courier from Berlin has brought the des-
patches to Government of the 3d of March."
Le Constitutionnel says, " Praga has been sacked and
burnt—the principal authorities of Warsaw capitulated—
Prince Radziwill has been dismissed from thb command
—General Chlopicki is wounded, and another Polish
General killed. The Government received the news offi-
cially from Berlin."—To these details it adds :
" There remains then no more for France, than to lament
the fate of these matyrs to Polish Liberty. Our brothers of,
Warsaw have sunk under the Conquerors ; will it be suf-
fered by us, will Europe suffer it, that the heroes who have'
survived this great disaster, shall be delivered to execution.
ere, or conducted in slavery to the tortures of Siberia?
And the Russians, conquerors, after having bathed at'
their leisure in the blood of so many victims, will they stop
upon the borders of the Vistula?"—Le Constitutionnel.
The Messager des Chambres says, that Gen. DIEBITSCII
had formed the investing of the place with 80,000 men,
whilst the Polish army was engaged with a Russian corps

before Praga. Thus, in the combats of the 16th and 17th,
the Polish army had an affair but with an isolated division.

Le Tribune asserts, that CHLOPZCICI is killed, and gives
letters (rein Baron MoRTIER, as the authority.

La Quotidienne, after stating the facts, adds the follow-
ing, which leaves the news, after all, depending on some
ambiguous expression of General SEBASTIANI :

" This news circulated at the Chamber, and the Minister
for Foreign Affairs, when questioned upon its authenti-
city, refused to explain, and spoke vaguely, ' of vexatious
news having arrived to the Government.' It was said that
this vexatious news might have reference to something else
than the affairs of Poland."
We believe we have now condensed all the particulars
found in the French Journals, on this lamented subject.
The Hamburgh Mails, arrivedito-day, are silent on the facts,
and it is still possible not to be authentic.
Whilst we are contesting about our civil liberties, and
while the European nations are divided by senseless jea-
lousies, the Siberian barbarians are establishing themselves
in advance. The Machiavelian Congress of Vienna per
mitted Russia to hold Poland on terms which were an
inefficient security ; for the northern Tyrant laughed
at terms, and now identify Poland with their own bar-
barous despotism, setting the constitution of Poland at
nought ! How exactly, therefore, the European States
resemble 'those of Greece, when the northern Macedonians
were, on successive pretexts, doing just what Russia has I
been doing for half a century! The eloquence of DEMOS-
THEN El was exerted in vain, to effect that which another
DEMOSTHENES is now called upon to effect ; with the simi- I
lar case of Macedonia, and the States of Greece, to add to'
his arguments. We are of opinion that the Niemen should
be the boundary of Russia, and be so fixed and secured by
the confederacy of all Europe. It is the common cause of
civilization. Prussia will otherwise be the future boundary;
but as long only as suits the pleasure of any fool or tyrant,
on the despotic throne of Muscovy.

This subject yesterday and to-day has engrossed public
attention, and the blow is the more severe, because the first
successes of the Poles led us to hope for a different result.
Poland is not, however, lost, though forcible possession of
Warsaw may be obtained. We remember when Napoleon
took similar possession of Madrid. Empiro is proved by
the government of men's affections, and not by dominion
over stone walls.

The news from Italy, which we are enabled to give this
day, continues still cheering—and the next arrival will pro-
bably add a new chapter to the History of Rome.

The general impression cannot be avoided, in perusing tho
papers before us, that Paris itself is very discontented with
the pacific policy of the Government.

The official accounts of the destruction of Praga, and the
surrender of Warsaw, hare not yet been received in town ;
although we fear that the intelligence is too true. We
have Ilamburgh and German Papers this day to the sth of
March, affording several articles of interestin g news, re-
lating to Poland and Italy, from which we give the follow-
ing extracts :
BRANDENBURG, MARCH our diplomatic circles, officia
communications from Paris are spoken of, according to which the
French Government will not interfere in any manner in the affairs of
and has recognised the right of Austria to interfere by arms. It
said that this recognition of the right of Austria rests on a previous
acknowledgment made to the Austrian Court, in one of the conferences
held at London last year ; which court already, at that time, reserved
to itself the pacification of Italy, in case of a revolution. It is hoped
that the nation will consider this refusal in the government, as a new
pledge of the continuance of peace.
We have had for two days no news from Warsaw, or from the Rus-
elan head.quarters ; but, however bravely the Polish army fight, all the
accounts from the eastern provinces agree, that the fate of the capital,
and consequently that of the kingdom of Poland, will be decided within
a week.
Bausswtca, MARCH I.—Count Louis Mortimer Von Millman,
Prussian Minister to several German Courts, arrived here on the 25tb,
on a mission from his Court. Duke William returned on the 2Gth
Feb. from Hanover.
HAMBUIIGH, Maacu 4.—The Chet,. A. de Meneres Vasoneellos
de Drummons, has delivered his credentials as Charge d'Affaires, and
Consul General of his Majesty the Emperor of Brazil, at Hamburgh.—
Hamburgh papers, March 4.
(These papers have no news from Warsaw of later date than the
25th Feb.)
LOMBARDY, Frs. 25.—Nobody here knows whether our Emperor
will interfere in the affairs of Italy, which are now in such confusion.
So much is certain, that the army in the kingdom of Lombardy and
Venice is to be increased to 120,000 men ; and that large bodies of
' troops are on their march. thir Italian provinces enjoy perfect tran-
quillity. The Archduchess Maria Louisa, with her Court, is still at
Piacense, protected by 3,000 Austrians.—Franeforl papers, March 4.
VIENNA, FEB. 27.—Her Majesty, the young Queen of Hungary.
arrived on the 25th at Schonbrunn, and made her solemn entry into the
capital today, amidst the joyful acclamations of a countless multitude
of the citizens. Her Majesty was received at the Imperial Palace with
great pomp; after which was the presentation of the great nobility, and
a public banquet. The marriage was celebrated in the Chapel of the
Court, in the afternoon. and there was a drawing-room in die evening.
Various reports as is circulation respecting the sanguinary conflicts
about Warsaw t it appears, from all the accounts, that both sides fought
with unparalleled ksvery ; and it is reported here, that Prince Radziwill
is killed, and General Diebitach wounded ; and that the Russian army
waits for its reserves to make another attack. In consequence of these
reports, our funds have fallen considerably. It is said that a counter-
revolution has taken place at Ferrara.
VIENNA, FEB. 28.—We have had no official accounts from Poland,
since the day before yesterday ; general apprehension consequently pre-
vails. The funds fall every hour, to which indeed the news from Francs
contribute s but the fear of the longer continuance of the Polish war,
and of the political difficulties which would ensue, is predominant. Se.
veral detachments of artillery are on the way to Italy : Oen. Radelzki.
who was quarter.master-general of the allied forces in 1819 and 1814,
is to have the chief command of our army in Italy.
Four per Cent. Metalliques, G5l; Bank Shares, SIG.—AI/ye:seine
Zeitusg, March 5.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE-EXCLUSIVE.

PARIS, MARCH 8.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

91x,—The joy which had spread throughout Paris, at
the former happy news from Warsaw, is now changed
into mourning. It is much to be feared, that the illu-
sions have been kept up, respecting the success of the
Poles, to answer purposes of stock-jobbing.
There appears to be much jarring among the Minis-
try: it is expected that LA virrE will ultimately re-
sign. The Councils are represented to be very• stormy ;
and confidence appears to be placed in no one, nor
in any thing, but an appeal to the bayonet, for which
the French appear to be ripe ; and it is to be feared
that they will never be satisfied, till they have an op-
portunity of making trial of their newly acquired arms.
Arrests still continue. Upwards of thirty have been arrested
in Paris, during the last two days; among whom are in-
cluded several of the ex-members of the artillery of the na-
tional guard. Certainly, on the whole, gloom hangs over
every thing in France at this moment ; and the French, in
one word, depend upon the flash of their artillery, to dis-
perse the clouds. I inclose various papers to which I refer ;
and I remain Your's, &c. I. L.

Yesterday, Baron de Vitrolles, one of those arrested tin
the day of the mummery at the Church of St. CermaM
I'Auxerrois, was set at; liberty in virtue of an ordomr,,he
there being no charge against him.
It appears certain that M. Berenger, Member of th.•
Chamber of Deputies, has not accepted the ininibtiv
Justice. It is not even yet known who is to be the sw!cessoi
of M. Merilhou.

The Polish news has spread in Paris a profound coaster.
nation. Everywhere is accused, in the most energetic
terms, that vexatious policy, which, in the vain hope of
avoiding war, abandoned the existence of a peopli, to tIH.
mercy of absolute Kings. Poland has perished ; Italy win
quickly have her turn ; one after another of there guilty
states who do not understand the mysteries of the quaail
legitimacy and non-intervention. The Ministry surely cab
not flatter itself that there will he any more respect ahem,
for France after these multiplied proofs of forbearance.
Let us then resign ourselves with a good grace. When Ite
have frozen all popular sympathies, when we have sulvlued
the spirit of the patriots of July, perhaps the Kings of Et!.
rope will judge, in their wisdom, whether they can spn:e
the expense of an invasion.—Journal du Commerce.
The reserve of the Minister for Foreign Affairs at :he
Tribune, on the Polish news, and the few words bt
pronounced, has augmented the gene!al inquietude. No oat,
can form an idea of the moral situation of Paris at this me.
ment; all classes are affected with the same grief. The
ports spread yesterday, which had augmented the liopeF e:
the friends of Poland, has rendered this unexpeeted
still more terrible.—Le Temps.
Plat' lA.

We are assured, that in consequence of an altercation
the Council of State of Beilin, between the minister Wi-
liam of Haab°lilt and Prince Charles of Mecklenbourg,
this last being out of favour with the King of Prussia, has
quitted the affairs, and will retire in the Duchy. The Princr
was brother to the first Queen of Prussia, was Commander-
in-Chief of the Guards, and divid:-:d with the Prince Roval
the Presidency of the Council of State, a presidency and
' command which appeared incompatible elsewhere than :n
military government. Duke Charles was one of the prin.
ciple champions of absolutism and of the war party.—
Message,. des Chambres.
ITALY.

Extract of a letter from Florence, dated February 26 :
" The Duchess of St. Len Ins been chased from Rome ;
has just arrived here, where she has found an asylum.
is very certain that Rome cannot hold out mach longer-Iv,
believe, that in a few days all the states of the Pope will hnu t
thrown off the yoke. There is in Rome a party who
defend the person of the Pope; but the patriots have not
refu,ed to recognize him as head of the church. Tlies• de.
mind only that religion and government shall be two thing,
wholly distinct, that the one may not disturb the other."
The National announces that the Count d'Appony went
yesterday evening to remit to M. Sebastiani an official not.
of effect to declare that the Austrian Government had resolved
to cause the troops to march against the revolted Bolonese.—
We do not vouch for the con ectnesss of this news ; we be-
lieve only, that in a conference which took place on Mordnv
morning, between the 'Austrian Ambassador and M. Seir-
tinni, the dispositions of Austria were questioned, which
appeared to be analogous to this presumed resolution.
As for the rest, if the intentions. of England and Russia
for the Holy See are such as may be supposed by the
letters from Rome, and from the habitual politics of the&
two courts, it is not very probable that the Austrian Go-
vernment will allow herself to be outstripped by these two
other powers, which are not Catholics. The inaction of
Spain is attributed generally to a sentiment of irritation
which survives the death of the late Pope, and which is
proved from the consecration of the new Bishops in the
Colonial of America.—la Quotidienne.

Extract of a letter from Plaisauce, dated Feb. 26 :
" Hostilities commenced yesterday, the 25th, between the
Austrians and the Parmesans. They left here about sevst,
hundred men, and arriving at Fiorenzuolo at four o'clock
in the morning, they surprised a corps of about two hundred
National Guards, who fell back in disorder upon Borgo Sat,
Domino, leaving two men upon the field of battle ; 22 pri-
soners and four flags fell into the hands of the enemy. Two
Austrian companies entered in our city, preceded by music.
drawing in their train the prisoners bound with cords,
and were prodigal in outrages towards them. The people
manifested at this spectacle the most threatening indigna-
tion. The Austrians have constructed a bridge at Lucca
for the passage of a column of 20 or 25,000 men, corn-
, manded by the Duke of Modena, who has left Mantua to
I march in person upon Modena, and afterwards upon 130-
Ilogna.

Lord WYNFOIID'S Bill, against which we protested yes-
terday, last night passed in the House of Lords. Subse-
quently, Lord FIFE complained of the indecent baste will.
which it had been hurried through the House ; and also
described it as an unjust and cruel measure. Our opposition
to it is, however, in time for the House of Commons; ano
among men of business, it will be better understood, in spin
of its plausible title—for that is its only recommendation
LORD CALTIIOSPE declared himself adverse to the Re-
form Bill ; and for this he has some well-known reasons.

In presenting an address from Bristol, approving of du
Reform measure, Colonel BAILLIE declared his objecticr.
to so large an increase of Country Members, as favouring the
perpetuity of the Corn Bill.
Mr. WARBURTON brought in his Bill for prohibiting the
growth of Tobacco in Ireland, unless it were also permitted
in Great Britain. A long conversation then ensued, in
which Lord Avritottp, Mr. Bunn- EN, Mr. H. BAT IS, COI.
CHICHESTER, MT. LEADER, Lord VALINTIA, Lord KU'
LEEN, Lord LOWTHER, Sir R. BATESON, Mr. BROWN Low.
opposed the bill; but Mr. F. Law's, Mr. CU RTEIS, lord
ONMANTOWN, and others supported it. It appeared that
tobacco, which costs but 150,0001. produces three millions
duty; that only 450 acres are now employed in its product
in Ireland ; and that the Irish landowners prefer even a prc-
bibition to a local duty.
The powers of the present charity commissioners are to
be enlarged, and amended, by a bill introduced by the
ATTORNEY-GENERAL.
Mr. LAMB brought in a bill for regulating the Tower
Hamlets Militia; and Mr. Hume advised the consolidrtoc
of all the militia acts. Nothing else of importance oecural.
and the House adjourned at nine o'lock.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols which were in the early part of the mono!.
761 for the Account, have since receded to igl, and at Pr'"
sent may be quoted 75ii.
Up to the present hour we have no farther information
from Poland. The public are very anxious to hear farther
details of this unfortunate event.
There is no business of importance going forward In the
foreign market. Great fear is entertained of a renewal of the
war between Holland and the Belgians.
