Oovaimatent am opportunity of folly considering all the details of the
samourn.

Mr. F. BUXTON &d, after requews from these several quarters.
and urged on such grounds. it was impossible for him to resist compli-
ance. It was most importact to him, and most important to the great
mama which he was the humble advocate, that the question should
have the amplest consideration, because he was persuaded that the men
it was considered the better it would be for the cause; and as he was, in
fart told that the Ministers had not bad adequate time to consider the
subject in all Its details, he would consent to postpone the motion.
though he confessed it gave him an opportunity of bringing it forwatd
immediately after the recess; beyond that period no consideration should
induce him to postpone it.
LordALTHORP suggested to the ',plowable member to El: the
motion for Monday, April I&
Mr. HUME thought that course would be very lacoovenient—it
would bring on this question in the middle, as It weer, of the aids
question ; for he thought it was not likely that they should ha able to
get the English Reform Bill through the committee,. *bite was Iced
for the 14th of April, in less than ten days.
ISINOLISH auroras BILL.
Sir R. PEEL afterwards submitted. whether It would not be better
to bring forward the motion on colonial slavery on the 14th of April,
and have the Cemealttee on the English Reform Bill on the tech, the
day previa* NNW for the question regarding slavery.
Thisseempraem was ultimately acquiesced in.
Mr. R. GORDON biought in a bill to regulate the care of insane
persons in England.
Read a first time. and ordered to be reed a second time ea Tuesday
week.
Mr. R. GORDON then presented the report on the Select Vestries'
bill. Ordered to Ile on the table.
Mr. LITTLETON postponed the Truck System bill, till Tuesday
week.

TeIR REIPORRI BILL.
Mr. F. BUXTON said, finding he could not have the 14th he begged
to name the 15. h of April for his motion.
Sir R. PEEL suggested whether It would be wise to being the mea.
sure forward so Immediately before the reform question.
Mr. F. BUXTON replied, could the Right Hon. Baronet give him
an aeouranes that he should have the opportunity of forward
the quondam " abet" the Comtnittee on the Reform bill fdear.) He
was determined ao bring forward the question this session, and to have
the receded vistas of the present Parliament ion this subject, and he
saw no other ode course, after the postponement he bad agreed to, than
that of bringing forward the motion before the Committee ea the Reform
bill. (Hear.)
Question fur the colonial slavery fixed therefore for April 15.
LIVIRPOOL WRIT.

Mr. BENET rose to move that the issuing of the writ for Liverpool
be suspended. There had been a special report as to the bribery, bet
till it was before the house, by being printed and in the hands of mem-
bers, be would not advert to its contents: but, till it could be known,
after such systematic corruption, he trusted his motion would not be
opposed. It was to afford time for the house more fully to become
acquainted with the case. He therefore moved, that the writ be im-
pended till the 18th of April. (Hear.)
A higmaza of the committee, whose name we could not learn,
seconded the motion. More scandalous and systematic bribery he bad
never heard of. (Hear.)
Mr. R. PALMER (we believe) feared that there would be no cor-
rection of the evil till the candidates as well as the voters bad oaths

administered on the subject of bribery.—(Hesr.) He should endeavour
to propose hereafter what would be dilutions on this subject in the
contemplated Reform Bills.
Lad A LTHORP said, that be did not see how the House could
resist this motion. They bad suspended the writs es regarded smalle►
places, and as they could make no distlaction with respect to the sloe
of places where the offence of bribery and corruption might be charged,
' he apprehended it was impossible foe thorn consistently with their for-
mer remain's to resist this motion.—(Hear, hear.)
Tk Medea for the suspension of the Liverpool writ till Aprit 18,
was then agreed to.
Sir A. GRANT presented the Repent of the Committee of Supply,
on the remaining Estimates. The several resolutions were read, and
agreed to.
The Annual Indemnity Bill went through a Committee. Report
to morrow.

Tim Land Tax Commissioners Nunes Bill was read a mond time,
and ordered to be committed April 18.

*Mu IN 3112141fD._

Lord ALT HORP moved that to-morrow the house resolve into a
committee, to consider the propriety of issuing Exchequer Bilk, to an
amount to be limited, to enable his Majesty to extend this. for tempo-
rary and local relief in Ireland, oo sunk:lent and proper security. In
inch committee he would detail the plans which the ministrs thought
would enable then to afford some rend to the distressed pasts of Ire.
land.—Motion weed to. Committee ordered thereat.
Lord NUGENT gave notice that on the ISth of April be would
move for leave to bring in a bill to abolish certain oath' la the Customs
and Excise. (Hear, beer.)
Mr. Wyse's name, on account of a notice he 14 on the paper for a
motion regarding the condition and occupation ofl6e Irish poor, was
several times called by the Speaker, but be did set 'sewn Elbe soder
was, therefore, of course, dropped.
This concluded the notices and orders, and the ham recurred to the
receiving of petitions.
Mr. HODGSON presented a petition from Newcastle against the
disfranchising of portions of the people.
Sir C. WETHERELL applauded the petition ,•' the rubidium wen
justified In this resistance.
Sir IL W. RIDLEY said, whatever might be the opinions of the
Newcastle free burgesses, who thus petitioned the house, be begged 14
say that they by no means spoke the sentiments of the people of New-
castle, who were decidedly favourable to the Ministerial plea of reform.
Mr. HODGSON supported the prayer of the petition, and gave
Mkt, that in the bill he should move a clause to sec re WOWS to Chess
who might become burgesses of Neweastk.
Petition attend to be printed.
