FROM LAST NIGHT'S LONDON G.izErre.

The Pastac RZGZPIT Ku been plessed, in the name and on be-
half of his Majesty to approve of Mr. Alexasoler Louts Preiost,
as Agent and Qoosel in London fur the Swiss t'onfederatien.
Member resented to serve in the present Parliament s
Boroagh of Remney—Choltneley Dering, E3q of (:avemii-h-
-square, Middlesex, in the room of Aduural Sir John Thomas
Duckworth, Ilan. deceased.

BANKRUPTS.
John Baum, late of White Hart-yard, Drury-lane, vittualler,
dealer and chapman, to surrender Nov. 18, at ten, Nov. 82,
and Der. 23, at elevea, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Platt, 15d
Aidersgate street. •
William Kibler and John Kilnrr, both of Less Lodge, in Dalton,
parish of Kirkheaton, Yorkshire, woollen.manufacturers anti
copartners, Nov. 18, at five, Nov. 19, at ten, and Dec. 29, at
nine, at the White Horse Inn, Hudderalleki. Attornie‘ Messrs
Stocker, Dawson, and Herringh on, Funtivals Inn, Loudon ;
or Mr. John Peace, tiu
Menus Maxfield, et' Halstead, Essex, grocer. dealer and chap,'
man, Nov. 15, 25, and Dec.23,at eleven, at Guildhall,Leu
Messes. Painter and France. Bedford
'John Roberts, of Wood-street, Spitalfields, silk-manufacturer,
dealer and chapman, Nov 18, 25, and Dec. 13, at one, at
Gralsthall. Attorney, Mr. James, Hoick Lersbury.
William Beard, of Phceoix Yard, Princes street, Cavendish.
square, smith, farrier, deal, r a-d eliapnatt, November 18, 99,
and Dec. 83, at twelve, at Attorney, Mr. Hartley,
New Bedge•street, Blaekfritis.
%Valiant Hall, ut Halifax, Yorkshire, money-scrUener. dealer
and chalimati, Nov. tin, At six, N•iv. 20, sad Dee. 2:1, at eleven,
at the Ohl ('ask Inn, Hal tat. Attorides, Mr. Nettlettild,
Not to.k-sti eet, :Vaud, Loudon ; or 11,1 r. Lewis Ales:Leder,
I lalifaa.
Autbruse Cutler of Tower--treet, London, painter, glazier, and
paper-hang...v.:Nov. 15, V 9, aunt ten, at Guildhall.
Attorney, Mr Noel, Gray's Jon-place, Gray's bin.
la!in Howell an i fie jantin Ilnwell, of Slaktriars.roail. Surrey,
linen-drapers, dealer. anal diapitiel. Nov. in, 25. and Drc.•23,
at ten, at Guildhall. Attormy, I%lr. Fatten, 'll.re.iduce6;e.
street, London.
George Noble, of Ely place, 1 n, hut now a prisoner In tlie
F eel, merchant, Nov. 21, I.'', Dec. US, at eleven, at Guild-
hall. Anurnies, Anttc.lef ;did Son, Cal catort.street.
%%num Wade, of Croydon, Surrey, coal-m. falallt, dealer and
chapman, Nov. IS, 211. and De.:.:• t, at eleven, a: Go:t.lhail.
Attornics, Messrs. Egan and Waterman, Essex street, )trok.i,
London; or Mr. Poneold, C.raydun.
DIVIDENDi to be made at GUILPIIALL.
Dec. C. W. Logg u and It. Slaw, Street, linen rira.
per, at ten. Nov. tl5. A. 11 _untpertz, Winchester-stew,
nu r-
chant, at twelve. Nov. lea I'. D. Lathain ant J. Parry, Devon-
shire-square, merchants, at twelve. Dec. t. P. Peet.-1, Great
Winchester-street, merchant, at eleven. Nee. IS. It. Palmer,
Epsom, wine merchant, at ten. eec. is. A. 11.1 th-p, Maki•
aurae, distiller, at ten. Dee. 2. J. Wheatley, New Wut.beir,
;;ruler, at one. Dec. 9. T. blower and NI uuwar,ag,
Ceddtei-
ter-nrits, jewellets, at ten. Dec. 9. W l'us kis, Purt.inniall,
tabinet-maker, at ten. Peet 8. R. Apr, 1.:4,:12 street, Ku
square, paper-hanger, at ten. Dec. iJ. E. Blackmore. Caro-
-1 tat-street, Bedford-square, tailor, at eleven. DeCa. 41. litArlt,
Cheapsi.le, warehoureina.s, at one. Dec. 20. J. Corlinelfty and
F. Brown, Liivtrence lane. warehousemen, at one. liec.
A. J. Mackenzie and H. Roper, Cross-street, Fi,hbury spare,
merchants, at twelve. Nov. i 5. G. C. Bieber, Lotuti.ty, Mer-
chant, at one.
DIVIDENDS to be made In the COUNTRY.-

Dee. Is. S. Moping, Manchester, merchant, at twelve, at
,the Whim Bear, Mate:better. Dec 63. J. Lev:, Wiastamtou,
timber merchant, at eleven, at the Roebuck, Newcastle-tinder-
Lyme. Dec. s. I. Walker, East Ardsley, malts.er, at eleven,
at the litalcon, Macklegate-, Yo.t. Dec. 3. G. Peanut., Hasa-
bury. Carrier, at ?teeter. at the Angel, Oath. -Dec. 1. G. Junes,
Aston, gun-maker, at twelve, at the itriyai Hotel, I' einpie-row.
U:emingbain. Dec. 5. J. Utheradge, Southampton, bow maker,
at one, at the Coach and Horsts, Sou:hamp..iii. Dec. 4. M.
Buckle, York, woolstapkr, at eleven, at the George. Pavement,
York. Dec. 6. G. Shaw, Pendleton. cotton-meratans, at ten,
at nit Palace Inn, Markei-cruet, Matichorer. Dec. 4. L. Slid.
son. Cougletoo, shopkeeper, at eleveii, at the Roebuck, New-
castle-Yoder-Lyme. Dec. m T. Winship, Caateshe:d, merchant,
at ekeen, at the George, Newcattle-upon-Trie. Dec 3. S. Rta-
bittsun, Scultoates, ship-el,andltr, at eleven,at the Dug and Duck,
Scale-lanst, Hull. Dec. 5. W. Walla, juts. Laveuhew, grocer,
at twelve, at the Ro.e and Crown, Sudbe.ry.
CLIt FIFICA I E.S—Di.c e.

R. Niven, lltau,rstcr, calico-pith:cr. J. Litrle, Mies, Coro.
bertand, farmer. 'l'. Gedney, miller. S. tlect•on, Not-
bi.:..broker. T. Jollaie, Arden, draper. E. !taws,
Newport, b.u. r. 1. B.Tootai, Mitaorita,

KING.D.),II oF 1-14 17 1.

The Adrian 04zerrer gives the following de-
tails on the political state of this new Empire, on
the authority ot a German who has lately visite..4 the
Island:—" Criatatortre, alias King HEN ay, begins to
feel the approach of age. His sun VlCralt, W;10 takes
the title ot erince Royal, only resembles him in his
horse points; he possesses his ferocity and grossness
of manners, without any of his talents for command.
It is believed that be will have considerable difficulty
in maintaining his ground alter his father's
iitie are any of the other members of Ciials.
rOeue's family distinguished for their tale..t ; hut
among ha Mniisters there arc some who have all the,
quahttes for ambitious enterpriv, and .Ippareinly all
the desire to help themselves if they can. 'Die Duke
of Mastausuane, Grand Master of the Ceremonies,
and the favourite of CatusTorne—Count L::MaNADE,
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs—Coma Ciro.
CotaTit, who has the direction of the Department t-1
eubliclastruction—are all well informed and artful
men, the last especially, who is well vttsed both in
English and Fren:h literature. The personage, fmtv-
ever, ot greatest importance in the event cf any re-
volution. is Count LVIDAIL, Minister of War, a man
not MOM remarkable for his physical powrrs than for
a daring energy of soul--but withal brutal and fe-
rocious. He is the idol of the army, over which his
influence is veiy great."
The followiag particulars respecting the present
Riders ot St. Domingo-are extracted from a New'
York Paper ;
" Poor-Au-I'mm Jui 25.—President Petion is
a yellow man, about five feet eight inches high, ra-
ther thin, with an open countenance, and the manners
of a gentleman. He governs with mildness, and is
beloved by his people."
CArs HENRY, Avousre.—We arrived here yes-
terday. The contrast between the two Black Princes,
Cfnistophe and Petion, is striking, as respects the
form of Govern's' mt. Here (under Christophe) every
thing is carried on in a military style. Baron Defte is
he King's Prime Minister. He is a Black MAN and is':
well niformed. The Ernpetor isathistouptry-seat, 16
miles in the interior. The city' (formerly Cape Fran.
sqii) remains es the Revolution telt it, mostly in ruins.
Cnt harbour is good, but rather difficult of access.
'rite Emperor has an ivariterme artatication, on a

PRICE SEVR^ N: • Zs

m ..:•ituits, 2 Audi:sits the 1. • •.•
of csoutan its.ustue.f. roit 's
ierit, in c ut •Ir ctv •1 • 4r. He lr4 is
.
established throughout his anminions. o,r eon
the Lancasterian principle, has 15:1 sChntAf.• c. jay
the sous of blask Noblemen and °dicers. It ap-
pears to be his wish to ralightels his subjects as nr:ch
is possible; but l believe hem 1,. h. n.• of the ni:st
dellsolit Princes of the age. Every perten is the tertPost
uf tafteror ; and he calls on tnesn as, car, umstAnc.B4
may require. Prince Jahn, brother of the Emperor,
died About a month ago. He Lay in state '2l Jays.
During this time, the,/ fired a can ev4 ry halt helm
for width his p sid 4 thsliAr. p f Ih. tor powder."

E. 151 IN WM.
(Conelnded from the sfAlt eitienerday.) •
l'hi political difficulties which •attend the admini-
..
ation of die state of Poonah, the danger of cootie `e--
to trust the Peahen, or of attempting to erg •
Wish a new Government. are doubtless very 'coal;
Aerable. The present military preparations of the ''-e
G.ivernor.General, are, however, intended for the re- ,4
auction of the Patti:trees. Wherever they tan be
..-
.nought to action they must be defeated. But finally s
te expel them from All their fastnesses. and effectually l'' '
trt impoe team their dispersed remains the habits of
obedience and industry, will be a work of much time
And Lb .nr, though not ultimately of doubtful event.
Dangers of a pern.anent nature doubtless attend;
the u profitable and iavidioas extension of territory ,
tin the East, and the subsidiary system which theta- '
tension ten-fere:l nnavoida'ile but it is too late for
my practical purpose. to inspire whether tharpolicy • •,e.
ought originally to have been adopted, or could have s'
Wen avoided? British India has grown into a great, ...---.
though suberdinate Stew, which has its owe political ' 4 ;
systent, an i all those relations towards neiglinours .•
:fetich arise bon' a toituted union or opposition of in.
w Gout rest. At a vast distance bo Europe, it formerly
.42-4
imoved in a system of States. altogether different trout ,
lthat to which the parent State Lelonged. Whatever
efings it more near to e argot with a powerful puree
peen Nadine both exerries it tv more formidable ens! '''
me:, are! enta:lgles the Indi,u . policy of this coentey•
a ith the neater and mere hoportant prir.c ples of MT
western system. CircunisiancerhAvennwreneeeadsndt
an approach the roost c•itical part et Indian polities. -.
Thirty years ago the Mehrattais and Tipp-to haltistfil
weie the must powes fel of out immediate neighbors. kt
l'a.e same senile') is now =ivied be Cabal and Po- -.1.,
sta. Isl• r woule this change be alarning, if the last • ;t:
of these Powers were lett to her own strength, ind ~,
moved by sr.) enter Ils 1 force. Bat it cannot be doubted ..
that an European Nation, occupying Georgia with a
disciplined aim, mid maiataining no cootemptible
mitring on the Caspian, must have a most prevailing
idleends with the Court of Tithraun. 'Pile must
powerful Empire 01 Christendom now soecupies that
minim :ailing 'situation. And the Magnificent ens.
bAssy of General JerrnAlow manifests An Intention '
to neglect hone of its advantages. Errb I timed
by their new alliance, and aware of the inicient
hostility of Russia ,te Tut key, the Pcr.ians hors.
dining the last summer made irtreAds into the Tin kish
territory, I.n every point of the frontier (TOIL Erivan
to B sg4ed. Thcy, however, compelled the Ptchaof
1 K ors (a government tar within the Turkish frontier)
Ito do ituusage to the Kir.g of Persia, It the Persians
I should now desist flout mese attacks, it will betray
..,
their combs-coots with the Power, which at the some •"
moment sulicstously disavows all hostile designs
against Europzint Turkey. At least Tut key has been
made to feel that is) a new seer a new enemy is ready '
to be let loose against her on her easteru groaner. •
'!'he politicians of India are much tun reasonebleio
consider these distant dangers as grounds of hostility,
er as sufficient to counterbalance those connettinits
which the stele of Europe may require us to preseete.
—but they are objects of vigilant and even jealous at-
tention. They call for those ordinary precautions
which arc employed by political foresight. flat Per-
sia, once the object of rival and successive missions at
an immense cost, and perhaps with die effect of lower-
ing our credit, by seeming to manifest fear, Is-now
lett to itself, or rather to the uniesisted influence of
its mighty neighbour, withltit the ceonnilti check of
the presence of a British 'slitiister of aba:,y and Asia-
tic experience. Iliet. SOCII a Nlinistn, commissioned
ny tie Crown, but named by the Company ur their
Uoveintnent in India, ought constantly to reside at
rellt.tUll, Stela% to bt! ;rtes.-Jibed by tile most obvious
maxims of cement sense.
The stem of the Pei sten Gulf is at present a very
scriuus subject of complaint in India. The trade to
that sea has hitherto h, ell principally left ter oar native
subjects. The opulent Eurepean fleuseswere engresse4
by the greater branches of tre .!e to China and Europe.
But silice the opening of the Indian Trade, Menage
i °peens of more industry and experience; than capital,
lieve applied their talents to the breathes of trade hi-
therto despised by great I tinges, and will undoubtedly
raise them t, cnw.ider.tsl-si:nportance. Among these
secoadary province., el conimerce, that of the Pastime
Cult promises the greatest advantage. But the pirates
who MC estAbiislied on the Arabian shots, in spite
of the severe cleastisemeat which they received six or
,:eVelt years ago, hive resumed their depredations
with new boldness, and almost destroyed the trade
Ibetween India u,id Bussoreh. These pirates are
vassal; Ot the Chief of theWAhabees, the most power-
in! Kula in Arebie. When the former attack was
made un the piratical torts, no communicatiou was
made to him either betore or after the ;vent. Exas-
perated by this omission, and by the general neglect
of which he complains from the British Government,
he'is believed to countenance and support his pirati- I
cAI vassals in a matter where he has no interest, and
where the mere compliment of a diplomatic inter-
course might persuade btu to adopt an opposite po-
licy. A naval expedition will, it is thought, be soon
dlspalcord town the ports of India to destroy the pi-
rates ; a measure necessary, nut only to. the interests
of commerce, but to toe reputatiou of mw Gotati-
MOIL in Persia as wen as India.

i

b
t

, • . . • • •
' • •
i
is . e
u eel. ;Its eelielTas.'s
• - • j,'' • ee's•t:elltee •••• • •
•
THE LirtE. PRI,VCE?I Cil.P.tl 'fi.1.,...
P'it.1417(.; E. i this occasion 40 Acquieste in the desires of the King has been made, either to account of the :ulcers of
[ lof France, to whom he is, and always will-be, emitted tales,orof the current impositions : And seeing that
--------
C
COMMISSION FOR I.IOIIIDA fION .OF THE CIAIM§: by the bends of the sincerest friendship." 'in this state of things it is irnpossible that the Excee- 'We stated yesterday •.!•at ter, ." I a ll'•i. i V hex! 0,1 ..,
OF. 1111'. ALLIED Po WElti AGAILsIS l• FRANCE. 1 Prince HArdenberg in coniequence enjoined the , . • .
Me. her BAbe, will be ce
'lle second Article of the Treaty of the 20th of , Count de Goltz to insist on the following articles at goer can meet the Salaries which fail dde at the ap- lied honours would be air's: red
ClAtement e,
, - Nevemher, 1815, coniains the Leaden:aeons of the I the Foreign Office of France : preaching term of Martinmas, as well as other Public lately ben the paid.. tb . tine few el oer COM '•
respecting the exeet titer of tee intersan,e,:e, '',.,1:Y1.1',.,,.1.,..
' subjects of the Allied Powers : his Most Christian I 1., That the Cominission of liquidation should immediately Expenses, his Mei 'sty has, on the ptoposition of ii:
Majesty stipulated for the litplidation of all the sums I resit! eehiaet, hours. Pt ivy Council, issued the following Ordinance, which opinions teem to be Cute, tained. I' i•- i . e
which Frariee o Art hey •rl the times of her existing rpi ositive mit rs should be ivesi to the French Commis.
sinners to toisi all Any, and to seccupy themselves with the has been communicated to the Minister of Finances, in _i • . , / • ' -
teat her Riled Highness,
a, tetritory, either to hod:via:els, to Communes, or to examination of the aims, with that good Mith which should 1.
.1 yfollow OM its ulterior is positions s order that he ma d• • • veyed without any intetruption from
private establishments-. characteri.o: the ugtotits of a letitimate Government.
The sth Atticle determines the nomination of le That the s‘sesa, uouestio.tent should remove rite various " Ist, All person In the employment of chi: Department of
all the tomb at Windsor, %elide ethers assert, th t es. .isit,,,tl.ecatis,,r con:pl.:cot (to ethell tit the in.. net todn am I Finances, shall remit here, be-fore the Term of Mar Minas,
' Ct)truni,s:orbA.s, in to Jet to exaniine the respectivel aches will lie ill state at Wiydsor pr • • '
eine:eine i.5,,,e, :Kett L: a), and shout alter the system
the Funds in their oo session excel tinir as mut it as may be ' - cvious If. 1114:,t
• . •. and •be topoit.!rnetit al it superior ti intl-
., pretensi•oil, 4 . 4, which the Fr, itch Conmvst losor4 have hitherto observed in the - ' •---1- - - '' - only of sepultme, which it ls Also said will tah. I indispensably necessary to the exert us •of their footnote,.
.• nal in c ese :hese Cenimissitioets should net agree. discussiut, :iitil deiision et affairs.• pAC• ,t
'e' The 18te Atli :le relate, to ths nit, rest doe on the 4. ilia. the Fret ch Ministry should be instructed to propose 99 2(1, All persons in the caller:btu of the Revenue, are, under aught. lipids a subject so delicate vt e eht old le is.
• tei,,itrieoen•iisitaiiii.,ll:er,:enewoolosuse,:,s,rtiay nn their t othd. eliiiitgeurr,Lo willing rn express even a wish, conceivoq; :1,,,i titer; roclaina toms, indfornakutly et pr ci sioag egreementsa pain of dismissal, prohibited from making any mint tit of oslaties
more ininiedoetely concerned iii art segue ie.. lied
".'" either for theniselse. or others, t•scept.ng to the luncti aries
' they all bs• it 1 I.er eet,t. in:-rv,t, Ii 001 the date of the lion of the claims submitted to. capitals,
is
si',;rusttac ~t this consentioo. 5. 'that a term shuitit! he fixed, cvhtn all the operations of the of Churches and Schools, without a spocnil authority in writitsg
• e Tee vete Article pa escriets the eseiblishment of 3 Commihsimi are to iiiiirey he completed; that this term cunuot from the Council of lases."
ceremouy are le lit capable of tegiletteiti tie- tO alit.
he pruloneed beyond six nitni,lis • and that it Must he chatty un- of their deity ; bin the efreir is a natini.Al cense,
•e. fend fle gar:lune, on the gran/ belie et the public debt
eerenotat that i, is nut before the a' emanation of this affiir, The Paris Papers or Sunday arrived this merning. and we tear that if the tune tai be performed a: I ea: eof France-. It cnnests lii a eepitAl of :1,300,00:i and the settlement of ihe amount 017 :he- sums cl,e by fiance.
}, francs of teener, payable from the '.:2.1 ni Mara., 181 G,
that air•, lie4;tirialioo can be entered into with this Government, The Chamber's of feces and Deputies both met on it may in somt• degree detract from its n,,,,ee
and inset ibed el the name of two, four, or six Conn in o der it, roduce adi 11l Mutton of there sums, and to contribute Saturday.--lii the farm ter the Vicomte De. Lemma• splendenr, by preventing the feeble al 1..., ;
hereby in the 3114111tetialoCe of harmony beivrein the European, Y -Iseass
• es miseoners, one•liall subjects of his Most Cerise:no ' • . . . . NON,
Marquis DESSOLES, Duke of FrI.TIIIE, and Duke from expressing in person at the awful sole
l'ilwer•, w:iicli is the moat earliest wish of his Prussian Majesty,
s-•
Ma'-stt , teeuther halt subjects of the Allied Vowels. arts, mat he horns for the %Ware ot his %Ailed's Staliity if,,,
of
their
grwi‘iill be the chief mounner. All th•
._ ee _
:____ _
,______ . -
.~
'.. leiej.se Lominissioners are to be chosen And named a,.
follows -one, two,.ur three by the French Guyette THE IiVENI NG STAIt. Commission was afterwards appointed 10 prepeie an Prince LtneoLo
p
Royal Dukes will attend the funeral. The es,
.._, tu • lit ; one, too, or three by the Allied Powers. _ .........______ ________ .e__....._____—__. answer to the Address of the. Klee. The Ciamher
'r It is moreover stipulated, that if tee lee 0,000 et Deputies was weollyocctipied with die veriticaticn Do ,
iezezer, as exercising the functions of Severeie e. •
e francs of ranee should ee insufficient, the Cu.:tees- LON DON.
of the powers of Members. caronta be present. ' ' •
; settlers are to receive inscriptions for larger wens, —..-
mail tee debts provided for by the te.aty shall be- WEDNESIM I', HOVENOVEMBER 12, 1817. The passage in the KlNG'''. Speech, to which we
,uner•
fitly liqtedated. PRICE 01- S I OCKS Tills DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK 3 PerticulArly directed the attentoon of our Readers,
and chapels on the day of the thee: el.
'1 ne kilON ke.ge re these important articles will
41440 t-tit! te.ll:-Lons. •lts3i-Far Nov 8311 rt sheeting the claims of the Allied Powers on France,
per Pent. 99•-!. per Celt. Navy tusk Mr. J. Poweee, a respect eble inhabitant ter
lees ' 7 ,1 sable ths reader to torte a clear judgment on theis now sufficiently illustrated, by a long and appa-
India Stuck- --Bonds ibo an pr.-Exch. Bills 19 .2S pr.
menet as it now stands. I have omitted minute, de- :on, has et-eland the perash Church to be Lie,. ••
rends, °Metal article on the subject, which will be h "14
tails concetning the n.'ture of the deeps Allowed, all Every day almost eriees fresh evidence that. how-... black cleth, at his own expense.
fo•ind is our preceding columns. From this it vsta
• 'el Whice result from the military occupation of Pius
ever honest and sincere the Continental Rulers were Yesterday morning Mr. Meuse', the Lord ("nes '
; . -isi by the French armies. be seen, and net, we think, without some degree of
in their promises to confer on their subiets the bene-
A Commission of Liquidation was instituted bysatisfaction, that tree ithstanding the confident berlain's Secretary, left teuel tor WieJser, to. ese
,
virtue , I this cenventien, and the capital of 3,51/0,000 fits of a Representative system of Government, they• hope expressed by the Kist:, of yet arriving at the necessary arrengements for tee funeral, .e d tort-
, , francs el.: emir wee delivered to the Cenimissienets rt.- are too tardy in their operations, and move at aceive thee:se:Lex', commends as to tie co emote 1.
1 4 successfid result •I • ' • for
spectivsly named. The Chamber of the year 18 Le snaillike e.
pace, but ill suited to the high state of po
increased this capital with an additiosiel ...etem,ooeot I. . . of these claims, and his dread of the consequences of The outer es, Oleos sic ili a state of peat fore •
•Ar„
meet excitement acquired by the public mind during applying for additional aid to the Chambers, thole ness ; that fur the PRINCESS was nearly finished Its.
ream. Bu't a part of the rect.:melons produce) by
a Revolution mad Revulsion which haselow occupied ;
the su' j.•cts of the interested Pewees were eeenoined
is but little probability of his bribe; shim to prevent night, as was also ilea for the infante, and le', wit
and approved et, when the capital was already ex- more than a quarter of A calmly. Instead of con. the matter from very soon coming before the Natio- be completed this Jay. They are covered unit tu-
a••s• ,-d. I
suiting the pulse of the teen actually living, they inal Representatives. perb crimson velvet, enriched with beautiful tea e._
on the Pittecess's ceftin are silver gilt-es.
Tee Ministers of the Allied Powers addressed the have recourse to musty antiquated modes of practice !
Due de Pichelieu some time benne the Session oa The French 5 per Cents. had spin sunk on Sa-
pursued by their great grandfathers, and no way
1816, demanding the inscription ot a new capital on ! turdAy to 6.5 fr. 15c. others are of plain silver. The iseielles are en
• the Grand Lirte. The Duc replied, "ii should pm suited to present circumstances. magnificent. The coffin of the Piti2NC.;!.S is of vie;
:
sae of 1.4 e ildjati of &Uri-a:ion for the Chansber of 1816." Had the people been as slow in 'their efforts to New York Papers to the ]oth, and Halifax to the large dimensions-it is upwards of ix feet in knee,
The Mit-mites of the Allied Powers reiterated their emancipate their ruler: from foreign 'hi-Adorn, what
.123 ti ult. reached us this forenoon. and broad inproportion. The materiels of bete r t A ,
demands ; but the Duc tie Richelieu having :awn-
must have been their fate .Havingbeen delivered '
lively examined the occupations of the Conitnission,he seiling of the Ontario, with Judge Puevose
tint '
q foetid that the recleinationo %%ere sei enormous, that from French oppression, they seem to imagine -e- ' (late of New Orleans) and Mr. BRACKENRIDGE on Lord HENRY MOLINEUX HOWARD is come t-
' their liquidation was beyond the present resources of any time will be soon enough to meet the smallest ; board, amounted in a Richmond Paper of the 14th town to officiate as Deputy Earl Marshal at Cie .t:-
France, while no one could foresee the period of the part of the wishes of their people. Nay snore 3-- 'October, excites much speculation in America. It areal.
termination of the labours ot the Commission. He some of them, it is to be feared, having got rid of :is stated that these Gentlemen go as Commissioners
therefore ordered the Commission to be closed.: this . .The great Officets of State and the Nlinisters vie
the aril coon which then fressed them, instead of
- effectively took place during the month et May 14,1, .to --, nebody knows where. The Government be present.
• and Count Careman received instiuctions to open having the smallest intention to realiie tee prnrresls I
.have kept the business so much a semen that not a The health of his Royal highness the i'll'NCE RE.
- anew the nerve:slims with Pi it Het detiberg and made to their people, are er.deevouring to emeank whisper has transpired. The general opinion is, that • • i • . •
the other Ministers who were then assembled at Cat Is- themselves behind musty precedents, and are corn- GENT is not in that a erming ,;ate in whit., it tea, it
they go to Chil;, or to Buenos Ayres-either to re- bad.-In the Note Coma Cat-Amen delivered to thefirst : but he refuses all comfort, except such :ismer:
pounding for them some neuseated mixture, e atter . .
Prince, the Duc de Richelieu exposed all the burdens • " cognise South American independence, or to examine from some association with the
memory of lei Li'
• the dis iuised name of legitimac . The attemnt is
imposed upon France, and the embarrassment she is ei . ee o . matters with their own eyes and report to the Go- loved daughter. A Portrait of the Peteensas, eine
.• "in to fulfil the engagements stipulated by the above vain. The people reject the prescription ; ncr wailI iannient. I was under the bands of Sir Tuostes I.awhtest'e, has
mentioned Articles, the 18,h aid 20th of the Treaty even the High Faculty of State Physicians, known The altlanatiou between. Spain and the United
.• of the 20th November ; that the incertitude as to the by the name of the Holy Alliance, be able to indece been ordered home in its unfinished state a it I.
, States also excite much speculation •; and from the
. ' amount of the sum necessary tor the liquidation of
th m to placed in the loom which his Royal Higeness ci s-
e swallow it.
s • these engagements egg:leeted yet more this painfulgeneral complexion of the Journals, it may be git. stend occupies, sits '
y and he bettne it, centenoplatee
• situation, and W4S Calculated to . xcite in the Chant- We gave some account yesterday of the celehres thered, that Jonathan would not much dislike a little the well-knowto lineament
• ber, on a demand for a new ceeital, AO AIM nii g lion of the Anniversary of Leipsic at Wartburg,! war-breeze with the Daps.
"Winona pistol i pas:it inatti.
••••• tit Ct "Of which no man could foretell the tense- near Eisenach : we have since seen a different account I
ei. - iGENERAL fl/PGREDUIG-The following is an ettrAcr y d at
•quence, and in the French nation an exasperation of it in another German Paper, and it deserves at- ester ay .ternutits the PRINCE Reeree left Carl-
of a letter from Norfolk, United States, dated Octo-
capable again of &tut bin the tranquillity tot Eurype, ton House t CI in Aremont, to pay a visit of aft.•cticu.ili
tension. The Students of the Univetsit of I .114 i •
• sole and important object of the solicittede of the Al- y - " ber IT :-to We have heard, and 1-rem good atitho. I coadolence to the disconsolAie Huseand et his lei• r-
• lied Monarchs ;" that the ordinary means of France vited the Students of the other Univeisitles to send tits!, that the Ex Commandant of Amelia IslAml, Sir rd ey i His
e Aurate. Revel If ~' - - ••I
11.111 st S.. St .1.411A_ t
were :educed to esich a state, that the Government Deputies to Eisenach to join with them in this solem• Giteone MtGateene, has either arrived at, or is Ott 111, • i ' • •
' . could devise no better mode of providing for the nity ; and accordingly they were met on:the afternoon on. hi • LAt tun House in the evernee.
si ,
way to, Pettrsburgh. General ht‘Geenett is said to
posing a
most urgent wants ol the year, than by pre ng of tee 17th of October, at the appointed place, by The Doke and Duchr-ss of CLoct-Err.tt, since ;!:sir
• new }tan to the Chambers, have arrived in the Potomac in a schooner of ten
• Deputies Isom nearly all the Universities. The Stu• arrival in town, euetinued to reside e: Cu eel, flew.
In consideration of which facts, the French Go- guns, and from thence shaped his course for Peters-
aflording all the consolation in their jeawei t... ees
vet nment expected that Plussia. as well as the other dents and Professors assembled went in solemn pro- burgh, but whether by land or water, ince; or oilier_ intetested, annulling the 18.1) and 2uth Ar- cession on the 180, to WArteburg, when, after sing- . afflicted mother. They left Celan, I leuse e eine
wise, we cannot rightly say ; it is surmised Celt the
ticks of the Treaty ot the 2.oth IA N ,vs mixt., 11315, ing divine hymns, tele of the Students advanced to.
pick day, for Windsor, to pay a visit of allectioreee stei-
of the Generel's visit to Petersbureh is t i
V 'child accede to a new a: rungtnunt for the mamma-
wards an altar and delivered a harangue, in which,
object
Go (
tioul of their subjects, by which they would fix enup recruits for the Patriotic Service, as it is repotted
•their ile •the day of Is • •
calling
to recu coon great Leipsic, The short notice of the general monrning appear-
biec, by approximation, the sums which wete still ex-that some vessels are on their passage to that place."
.'• peewit (ruse France to ...oil Power, iti ureter that his on which the sun of German freedom rose, he ob- ing only in the Gazette of Saturday, and the ineumars ,
Majesty might make this subject the basis oh his die. served huw little the result had answered the expecte. , beginning on Sunday, pies-stated its being so genera:'.
course on the opening of the Chamber. lions which' the people were entitled to form, and that , file Marquis of STAFFORD is returned tahis seat, tin Sunday and Monday as it is at prt:tettl. It e pee •
AgAiest the tilAmiest et the Duc de Richelieu, Trentham Hall, Staffordshire, from a tour.
no Prince hadyetperformed the promisepublicly
•'' Prince HArdeeberg, in a Note: addiessed to Count de
Goltz, the l' e elan Ambassador at Yetis, protested. made by him, excepting that Prince in whose territo-lelected the Earl of A nritor.EN to be Lots) itector Li! !hely, emptied on the day of the funeral. %Ve !...:e b;
3
The Prince expresses e his regret at the delays ries they were then solemnizing the festival. An the University for the ensuing year. an advertisement that doe Leather Trade have alteajj
which have arisen it, impede the teinenetion of this duk•tla-Fe afterwards took place, in which several M. Moeseaux Howlett, the actin,, or Depute
come to a eiet • ' their ' '• )'
cumulation to suspend mares: e s•
engage ment-deleys of a nature so much the more obnoxious wwks, and among others, various produc- Earl Marshal, and whose name is seabsca jure to the 1 1
suspicious, that teey are eoutiety 10 the isiterests of .the 1 Order for the present General itioureirs s a humble, though sincere respect to cite mentors et tet '
. a youneer I
[ions of Schmalz, the writer who first advocated i • - •
Fiance, the Government of which country is bound, by m brother to his Grace the present Duke of Neuesee.l Princess" lee can scarcely doubt that this exeieee e
1.• the 18th article re the treaty, to pay an jean' de regard, re-action of the Prussian Government, were coals and for many years Member of PaIIIAITIMt for Glou. will be generally tollowed.
' which dates from the sigioetute of the treaty, but I
milted to the flames. They burnt also several in- tester. His name and designation WAS utiginally In this outward tribute, and in the more genuine
which was not stipulated bslore 1315, in order to struments and monuments of old German slavery, HENRY Hownito, Esq. On the demise of his meternal e, si
obviate the extreme inertnesswith which the e
-"Hulls" and betore,thev broke up, they led ed themselves to uncle, the late Sir Fitexeis Moevert.x. Bert. Gentle- expression ea atlectionate sorlow which: is inannst
eion had transacted business during the year 1814." in • P g men Usher of the Black Rod, the, inincipai part et thiouglsout the aetion, the people of EaglAne !save i-
!,each other, taking the Sacrament, that they would whose The Prince complains teen the Duke Jr Richelieuwolarge" fortune he inherits, lie assumed the nicer shown as much discrimination as ' '
sensibility : for t.a..
hdd sent oniy viuNtvd the' promise he made to propose conscientiously endeavour to carry into execution the of " MoLYNEt x" in addition to that Of HtiWALui, : public and
private character of the ' •\ se, was sate
to the Chamber of 181 e, a demand for a new funded obligations into which they had entered. but being a devisee to a very great amount of Les
s . ft
laS to conciliate love • id
capital (tuftitu/de rode), but that dm Heusi Minisu Y Such a solemn expression of the eiscontent which relative of' the late Duke of Neettseee, the Mime of al esteem to exact rfOrCiA X'
had not even remonstrated against the expression or 4. HiJWARR" Scrim to be superadded to that of 't Mie ias it WAS seen and kuusvii. It has beta truly said el
, the r educe
ee of the different German Governments • •
i - .an Orator of that Chamber, who, in speaking of the ' . . LVVELIef ..1 tie Mice of Earl Matthaei of Etageres; is ' het. that " her state was not sueopee Led by os:caP
has excited, Allotds much matter for reflection. It
I - French Commissioners of Liquidation, dad tred- hereditary in the L.mily of the Duke of Non - - .' ' link, but .. non, her greatness was not asserted by p:t.it, !•':
,
•' that ihtirjiiiutions were lo gllintl with energy the peilf• is no ordinary enthusiasm which could bring 'nether• ills present Grace being et the Roma,: Catholic per- I
, dignity did nut, i ,
bet from he I wl •,..1 let
ef Range to t.. .0 .y .I. i 4
• :jars interne: of France." The hence then observes youths hem the most remote quarters of that eaten- suisoion, cannot execute the effiee in persen, and has'
to Count Goltz, " that these delays should cease, sive country. It is quite impossible that the restric- appointed his brother, Mr. MoLVNEUX Howe en, to ; Poor. Raised above the great portion of Le.Cictb ••' :a
't
because they are contrary to the principles of equity dye system of the different Governments can long hold a
act for him. The feather of the late Dk• i • • ' deeply felt her alliance with the unieersel ).Heil.; •
u t., Lreirg si- i i • ..
which should animate' a legitimate Government, . . mil arty
m a ycircumstanced, appointed the Earl of Ese .
the curet site ' I h
a re Le ig ted to peruke their oyineetee-
t this strong and increasin entelusiam. out againe g
I ['INGRAM 4 member
thesefore, naturally disposed to justice ; that the leo- , of the Hutveuu family, to be
'• ' • 1 the Duke de Itiebelitu are inadmissible,'
positions. o Our Readers were informed some' time ago that his deputy. to assuage their misfortunes, to merit by he: estese•ef•
iteasinuch as they are contrary to that equity 1 more- the States of Wirtemberg not having acceded Cu the sdaysennight the Ham 1 •
fotB.o7l'dtrsitNoL4.litToTenDrown near Al palm H. Cup aas ruin hence the homage which was Paid to het reek. It " fl.
'ea eastitot tor the irate- • I
over, the Prussian Gwie.'"n".. 9 . wishes expressed by the KING reapectitye the Constitu- it , esford;ei‘ht horse siatarted and
was wor at•er aet ell•cono•sted race, at two two mile heats,' 1. • the knowledge ot these her Virtues that has made CA 4
Fists of the subjects of this nation, and net cenceiving
tion, had been dismissed =and that cyders were issued Mr. toile testes weeder's brown gelding. Mr. cveris'ls public :nom Lung so deep mild so general. la J•se' .
tlaiia it possesses the right of disposing of them, well by
tine KING horse came in second, and was therefore ertitied to hand-. ling upon
to Collect taxes without even the formality some jockey whip. F.aeh horse cattiest tw, ise s•
Ilir them to be iejured in any remitter ; thatear. Fliere wee te . S
not lit}was noon excellent sport, attd the Dowt w -.lad n ose of her cons ,
ort of. whom i: is the };,see
r-
to whichelbe Prussian Gevernment is of a vote of the States. The consequence that has
the measuresan unusual ViAlbt;r o' apeCt.ttari. t fro: Cu.' cro" • "It
• Rac,s inwards honour, and yet not too great a one, to say, teat to
obliged CO have recourse are indeed rigorous, but ate followed might have been antieipated-the money is of 150 getektneti and Nroters sat. down to 701 excillent dinner, j
far toots equalling those which FrAtoce formerly am- not forthcoming-the Treasury is empty-as may be serval tip with great taste by Mr. Duos us, lit the :4slstin Inn: "et" to be the husuend of 41ACI1 a W0111,11..ri
estord, tonsraltz of all the choicest Oa•
duet] against Prussia, and ehich this country suffered easily iuferted tioni the following nds aed 11.xur''•
the season, which gave ;eneral sate& ' . - iss 01 Our Reeeers will Leith with pain, that :he ire role
with so entite a resignatien =that at all events it was
' OFFICIAL ORDINANCE. appropriate toasts were given, arid several ex-:411 in son ~ 5e..., , stars'? logs of Prince Leeeoeu are so acute end se :Ste 'es
ent to lighten
11l the power ot the French Govern:li
" S ell ['CARD, OCT. 29. wt ich eoutriloved much to the cuovivi.tlity ist toe day,I cd •lk 0 Create. the greenest concerti, if :,at Aierre, in eee
bmittine to the dict
the weight of the burden, in su . ,
K. des whole passed off with the uttitubt hil.artry and ban v. 4.'tas t So Whereas, in spite of the injunction of the 4.11 Te n:I•• 1 i . • I,' ' ' ''qwho approach i s- , • '
- and that, hually, the King
of o
sae; en '
o: 4- r nets, in A.,!1111/411:, portend to - eta wise tCOSIOW) f .
winner and 10de instant, scArcely any pai mete have seen a A
i - • ' 0 i My afflicted at not being able on be ler-man, wee pleyed around their boet. turned nights. 11
':.te last Bulletin. wheel was ii,,,'-'
~ Prussia IS ro oun
so
' , • s .
...
. . .
. . .
.„., • - •
11111
..
