7"

I

caned by the Whig interest of the Coot? of sent,
and agricultural digress was the declared object.—
Attention. till a late period of the Meeting, confined
Itself that object, till an individual, who was
presented as a Whig freeholder of the County, whe-
ther he *as so or not he could not tell, came forwar
and rroposed this clause for Reform; and contair
also, mingled up with it, the recommendation
break faith with the public creditor. Taking the
getting by surprise, this individual had succeeded
in carrying his point. He regretted much that the
great Whig headers had not been more confident of
their own weight and influence, and at the time they
disavowed this part of the proceedings of the Meeting,
that they did not also resist its adoption. He must
strongly teprtshate the recommendation of this Peti-
tion to break faith with the public creditor, and must
oow, on the part of his constituents, protest against
,his being taken as the Petition of the County of Kent.
Mr. HONEYWOOD was ready to acknowledge,
iiat at the time he disclaimed this proposition. He
disclaimed it now ; but as to this not being the Peti-
tion of the County of Kent, he must be allowed to
ay, that the Requisition was most numerously signed,
and the Meeting numerously and respectably attended.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL took this occasion to state
that several applications had been made to him as tol
his intention of renewing his motion on the subject of
Parliamentary Reform. He should certainly bring it
forward again the first convedient opportunity. He
must also take this opportunity of declaring himself
decidedly hostile to any attack upon public credit.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY would not op.
pose this Petition being reeeived, however improper
the clause mi;ht be which had found its way into it.
He wished this Petition should remain recorded, to
Irevent any other county, and even the county of
I;ent, from being again betrayed into adopting a
-curse so disgraceful as that taken by the Petitioners
la this occasion. He had not been at all surprised
a hearing the Noble Lord (Russell) disclaim the dcc-
Tines of this Petition ; but lie regretted much the
lorms used by the Noble Lord in his speech. The
Nabit: Lord had said, he never would consent to a
breach of public faith with the public creditor, but
:hider the operation of overwhelming necessity. He
mutt protest against the word consent in any case.—
It over whelming necessity should come over us, then
the: t! would be no consent. And he must also say,
chat he did most sincerely regret, that the Gentlemen
present at that Meeting did :tot oppose the clause.
. Lord JOHN RU .t. bad no objection to re-
tract the word consent, if the Noble Lord wished it.
As to the Gentry of the county if Kew, they had
been betrayed into the conduct they bed adopted by
the measures of the Noble Lord.

CALCRAFT would not accept this apology
:or use Gentry of that County. He was convinced
:,ey had been betrayed into this step by the neglect
the two Hon. Gentlemen who represented the
Count .. If those Gentlemen had made the stand there,
!hey had ~one now, he was convinced not 50 hands
rvould have been held up in favour of the proposi-
!ion. Here was a person who had before this time
never honGured the County of Kent with any visit;
who, up to this time they did not know was a free-
iolder amongst them, coming down and getting a
proposition adopted which was a disgrace to the
County. He was convinced, had those two Hon.l
Gentlemen explained then, as they had done now.
the c.bject of this clause, the individual who proposed
it would have been ordered to remount his horse, mid
po back as he came—( Hear, hear). It was aaid,l
Gentlemen .sere surprised into this measure. Gentle-
men, who undertook to call and manage these sort of
Meetings, ought to be prepared against any surprise.
0.1 this occasion they must have been most negli-
or the most ignorant of their duty that ever
eiisted, when they could suffer an individual to came
among them and carry a .proposition, which, at the
time he proposed it, he was not even certain he should
find a seconder for. He was fully persuaded, if he
had been there, humble as he was, be would have
prevented that proposition being adopted.
Mr. J. SMITH expressed the strongest regret that
a Meeting of the enlightened County o. Kent should
have becn the first to come forward and urge to the
House a gross disgraceful breach of public faith.—
Ile could not consider this Petition,with such a clause
i it, a, the Petition of the County of Kent, who, at
large, Ivould be as much surprised to find this pro-
position in the Petition as the individual who proposed
:t Lad been at carrying it.
Mr.BROOG II A M defended tbeleading individuals
a: the Meeting in question, who had done all in their
power to oppose this proposition ; but, as he under-
stood, from the individuals present, they thought the
opinion of the Meeting to be so decidedly in favour
of the proposition, that to have opposed it any other
'way would have been useless. Such was the opinion
of some of the best informed as to Kent Meetings.
Ile was ready to acknowledge that he entertained a
diTerent opinion, though, not being present, he spoke
• with great diffidence; but his opinion was, that it
'was adopted for want of fuller explanation. At all
'events, he trusted and hoped the conclusion would
:not be drawn, that because at one Meeting in parti-
.ttllar such a circumstance as this had occurred, that
::-!o credit was to he given to such Meetings in future.
.As to the proposition, it was one which be was con-
inxed the County of Kent would not have adopted
an reflection. For himself, he must declare unequi-
vocally his opinion, that this breach of faith ought
never to be made with the public credit& till the
ir.cst dire, the most overwhelming necessity, rendered
them incapable any longer of fulfilling the engage-
ments they had contracted—(Hear, hear).
Sir E. KNATCHBULL said he exerted himself to
point out the tendency of the proposition in question;
but the Meeting would not listen to him—(A laugh).
Iklr. HONEYWOOD observed that a Noble Friend
of his would also have explained the consequence of
the proposal, had it not been that he was fatigued
by being squeezed up in a waggon at the Meet-
ing-0 laugh)'
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, he be-
lieved the Whig leaders would be little thankful for
the defence which had been made for them by the
lion. and Learned Gentleman. But he (the Mar-
quis) was in the judgment of the House, whether he
bad said anything to discourage the holding of
County Meetings?
Mr.BROUGHAIVI said, that however objectionable
or unjust the proposal of the Petitioners miht he, it
as not more so than the policy of the Noble Mar-
'lll4 respecting the restriction of cash payment* and

fight .
(Hatt', should certainly have
ward himself, humbleis he was, to object to this
proposition, had it not been for the able speech of his
near relation.. He hoped, however, notwithstanding
this disgraceful rider to the Petition, it would still be
considered as the Meeting of the County of Kent in
other respects. He could not but express surprise at
the influence which Mr. Cobbeit kad gained over
the Meeting.
Mr. PEEL said, the manly confession of the Noble
Lord had done more in defence of the Whig leaders
than all which the Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Mr.
Brougham) had said for them—(Hear, hear).—As to
the influence which Mr. Cobbett had obtained over
the Meeting, the Noble Lord need not be surprised
at it. Why, Mr. Cobbett derived his influence from the
pusillanimity of those whose duty it was to oppose him.
Mr. BENNET said, that if the moral feelings of
the People were corrupted, they were so by the acts
of the Government and the Parliament--(Hear, hear).
Mr. WESTERN concurred in the opinion of his
Hon. Friend. For the last 22 years the Gentlemen
opposite had defrauded both the public creditor and
the public debtor. The Meeting appeared to him a
most respectable one. Some seemed to think that
faith was to be kept with the public creditor alone..
The obnoxious sentiment did not proceed from the
influence of Mr. Cobbett, but from the general feeling
of distress. That opinion was daily gaining ground in
the country—(Hear, hear).
Mr. lIUME said, that the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer had reduced the interest of the public debt
from five to four per cent. The Petition complained
that adequate retrenchments had net been made. He
would maintain that such was the case, as no mate-
rial retrenchments had been made. If the men of
Kent had been betrayed into a hasty expression, the
Hon. Baronet (Knatchbull) was to blame. The Ho-
nourable Gentlemen opposite were the real enemies
of public credit.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said, it was very
hard to blame indiviJuals for being overborne by
their feelings at Public Meetings. No man could be
safe if he was to be attacked in the way that his Ho-
nourable Friend (Mr. Honeywood) had been by his
friends. It seemed that the Right Honourable Se-
cretary for the Home Department liked plain dealing.
He liked the plain dealing of Cobbett s proposition
better than the insinuations of same Members of that
House. If the Right Honourable Gentleman was so
fond of plain dealing, it was well that himself and his
colleagues were pursuing a course which would pro-
cure them enough of it; and he had no doubt that from
the abundance of examples they would learn to practise.
As far as he had observed, Whigs and Tories were so
much alike that when they changed sides he could
not distinguish them from each other—(Hear, hear).
He thought the Tory Member fully as much to blame
as the Whig. The question had not been stated to
the Meeting as it had been in that House. Many
were of the same opinion as the Petitioners, on the
subject in question; and conceived, that instead of
twenty shillings in the pound, they were called on to
pay thirty,shillings. He was happy that the subject
had been discussed ; and if it was made manifest,
that the proposition was unjust, the people of the
country would at once reject it. The Noble Lord
should beware how he engaged the House in hosti-
lity with the country. Under the mock pretence of
sham economy, the expenses of the country had
greatly increased—(Hear, hear).—When the Govern.
ment looked at their own schemes, and at the results
to which those schemes had led, they had no great
cause to find fault with or to brand any man (Cheers).
Mr. MONCK would go as far as any man in the
payment of a just debt ; but the first breach of faith
had taken place in 1797. The public creditor before
1797, was entitled to tardy justice ; but between him
and the public creditor after 1797, there was a wide
distinction, as he had only lent in depreciated paper.
Mr. T. WILSON thought that the speeches of
many Hon. Members went to stultify the pruceedingr
which they had adopted in 1819. If a fraud had
been committed, the Gentlemen opposite were fully
as responsible as Ministers.
Mr. PHILLIPS said, that because a great fraud
bad been committed in the first instance, in 1797, it
did not follow that a second should be committed, I
by continuing a depreciated currency. He regretted
the clause in question had got into the Petition.
Mr. LOCKHART said, that when Oliver Crom-
well had no provisions for his army, be proclaimed a
general fast; in like manner the British Parliament
voted paper to be equivalent to gold, when there was
no gold in the country.
Mr. J. MARTIN believed the clause in the Peti-
tion came from persons ignorant of its full import.
Mr. BROUGHAM said that the Government of
this country had taken similar steps with the Bank-
note as the French Convention had with the assig-
nees, though they had not proceeded so far. But the
Convention had never gone the length of voting the
assignee to be equal in value to the louis-d'or, though
the Chancellor of the Exchequer had voted the £1
note and a shilling. to be equal to the guinea. The
interest of the National Debt should be paid as long
as the country was able, and he had no doubt of the
ability of the country to pay by a judicious system of
retrenchment. But another plan had been adopted,
of which the people alone should bare reaped the
fruits, but which were fatally reaped by the country.
Mr. PEEL referred to the opinions avowed by Mr.
Brougham and Mr. Bennet before the recess, on the
subject of the National Debt. A violation of public
faith ought no more to be contemplated than the
commission of a robbery—(Hear, hear).
Mr. BENNET said, that he charged Ministers in
the first instance with having cheated the public cre-
ditor and then the public debtor. If a man had only
borrowed 20s. it was an act of injustice to compel
him to pay SOs. He would pay the public creditor.
what was due to him, and no more.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, that if
the Member for Shrewsbury wished for Revolution,
he must find better pretexts than those lie had brought
forward. He (Mr. Bennet) had no right to deter-
mine the extent of the debt slue to the public credi-
tor. By the Act of the Legislature, the creditor was
to be paid in starling Monty, at the end of the war.

e 'onstage ,
The • anlied te the Member far Shrewsbury.
dentto
measures of the Noble Lord Wahl stronger ten-
t' pfoduce revolution than anything that had
fallen from his side of the House.
Mr. H 0
NeeEid7tbirt
there D,
seasonmov not
one
ingthatrerteein
the Petition
be printed,the
County who Wes aware of the intention to introduce'
the c* objectedin theiNtition.---The Petition
was
tbeo la* so
ordered to he printed.
ALM IlltlX. I
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH said, that .the legis-
lation with respett to Aliens had assonsed a new
shape. At first the Bill had been introduced as al
necessary consequence of the transition from war tol
peace ; but these Bills bad the merit of being tem-1
porary. The present Bill was also temporary in its,
enactments, but perpetual in its 'principle. The first'
objection to the Bill was, that it reduced 25,000 tem-
porary subjects of Great Britain to the state of pond.
cal slavery—{Heat, hear)..—The next objection was,'
that it tended to accustom the subject and the ruler'
to acts of arbitrary power, and tended to diminish'
the love of liberty. The third Objection was, that I
was a power which might be used to the ruin of ins*.
ti
viduals, and those too the most helpless of the cones
munity. It was a power that was not only liable le
be abused, but that museacessarily be abused. 4t
was also a power wholly without responsibility.
Whether the power was abused or not, it would deter
many virtuous and venerable men from honouring
this country with their presence, as they had in for-
mer times. The Alien was now received with a
brand in his forehead. The increase of the number
of fugitives, which had been stated by the Right;
Honeurable Gentleman as one if the reasons of the'
Bill, only proved the number of the sufferers.—
The Noble Lord had argued in fivour of the Bill,
from the agitations that prevailed in Europe; but
he thought the present state of Europe was rather
an argument against, and net in favour of an Alien
Bill ; as the want of an asylum would make the
weaker party sell their lives as dearly as possible.
To collect arguments in favour of the Bill, its friends
had been compelled to degrade Magna Charta, and
to vilify the most sacred institutions of their ancestors.
The Statute de Mediate Lingua had been passed in
'the time of Edward 111. for the express purpose, in
the words of the Statute, to give foreigners " greater,
courage and desire to visit this country. If it was the
duty of a friendly Government to prevent conspira-
cies against other Powers, then it was the duty of
that Government to detect conspiracies also ; and
for that purpose spies must be employed to detect
conspiracies against Russia, Austria, and, above all,
Turkey, as being the most peculiarly threatened.—
But if this principle was adopted, we must be at the
mercy of foreign Powers, with respect to every Alien
in the kingdom. The Bill was a war against the
oppressed, as against the powerful it was unavailing.
It was directed against the unfortunate men who had
fled from fire and sword, from scaffold and dungeon,
but had no operation in the case of those who had
driven them from their homes—(Hear, hear, hear).
—The Bill, as now proposed to be renewed, arose
from the calamities which had befallen the fairest
portion of .Europe--,the oppression, domestic and
foreign, which crushed and desolated Italy, and drove
her patriotic youth to seek a hospitable asylum on
our shore, relying on the former character of Eng-
land—trusting to her ancient fame, and the very re-
putation of her soil. which offered of old, emancipa-
tion to the slave and security to the fugitive—(Loud
cheers). But instead of this generous policy, we were
now planting menacing sentinels at the gates of this
country, to deter the victims of foreign oppression,
and drive them back from our land of freedom upon
the mercy of their tyrants—(Loud cheers). If this
measure were founded in any popular prejudice, such
as that whose watchword was--" No Popery !" or
" Down with Foreigners !" or any other prejudice
which was falsely asserted to represent the national
feeling of England, he would resist it, and in such a case
be would oppose even the greatest master of moral elo-
quence that ever lived; but how much was his cause
strengthened when that authority was on his side ?
It was said by Cicero—" Qui autem ctvium rationeni
habendam este dicunt, externorum negant ; hi dirlinunt
humani generic societatem, qua sublata bonitos, libera-
litas, humanitas, justitia, funditus tollitur." But we
were told, as a ground for this Bill, that this was an
age of revolutions. He differed in opinion. It was
therefore a time not for exasperating, but for soften-
ing the rage of faction—(Hear, hear).—lt was a time
for introducing lenity and forbearance among parties,
that the defeated party might not be goaded to de-
spair, and that the successful one might not indulge
in the excesses of revenge—(Cheers).—He should
have thought that measure which gave the conquer-
ing party exclusive possession of the country, would
lead to the most sanguinary consequences, and verify
the maxim "una talus vietis, nullam sperare salutem.
The Circular of the Noble Marquis went so far as to
say, that if the system proposed by the Holy Alliance
was acted upon, it would destroy the rights of Na-
tions and establish the rights of Sovereigns. This
was, in fact, what was understood by the Circular•of
,the Noble Marquis. But he would go still further.
Against their own subjects it was that those Powers
called for our assistance. Take the case of Italy.—
That unfortunate country presented a most afflicting'
spectacle of cruelty and suffering (Hear, hear); and
this was the work of those in whose favour this Bill
was now called for. The Noble Marquis (London-
derry) knew this; he was aware of the murders, the
rapine, the devastations which had been made, and
therefore he called upon the House to pass the Alien
Bill—(Cheers). Let the House consider what wadithe
fate of those who had been unable to escape the
cruelty of their persecutors. They were plunged into
dungeons;• they were to be found in the prisons ofl
Hungary, surrounded by loathsome and pestilential
marshes, where
" They die so slowly none can caU it warder !"
There the tyrant might look with delight upon the
H
sufferings of his captive. He should mention one in-
stance of cruelty which came to his knowledge. A
Nobleman of distinguished rank was seized by the
Austrian troops in the territories of the Ecclesiastical
State (and this oilfired how far Aintraliry wits e

shore
ries by death, rather than doom him tet such it pro.:
iosgasion of punishment? Let any man' listen to thd
MONISM Of travellers who have lately passed through
Italy. There were to be found men of rank, and tea
lint% and character, chained . and working on the
reads. This was to be frequently seen, both in Lom-
*hardy and Piedmont. Was this not disgraceful to
may country, which pretended even to the name of
immtiom ? And .yet the Noble Marquis called for ail
Alien Bill, to enable him to support the objects of
the authors of such an outrage upon altliberty !
(Heer, hear).--It was not his intention to geinto a
-history of the system of espionage, which this Bill
would necessarily introduce. He disliked, more thatt
anything, adopting a foreign word, but he rejoioed
that on this occasion he was obliged to do so, because
there was not a word to be found in the language et
true-born freemen which would ezprest the nature
of this abominable •system—(areera).—He thin pro.
eroded to advert to the conduct of France tower*
-Switzerland, and to that of Austria towards Geneva, •
on account of the spirited refusal of that State to
give up certain refugees. Yei' for these Govern-
ments it was that the Noble Marquis now called on
the British Pispliament to passahe Alien Bill—(Hear).
He begged pardon -of she House for having taken up
so much of their time upon a subject which excited
little or no atteetion, and which only elicited the
contemptuous smiles of those Gentlemen who were
determined to pass the Bill—(Hear, hear, finer both
sides of the House).—When this question was before
agitated, they were challenged to oppose it, as if the
onus of the argument lay upon them, and not upon
those who supported its necessity. Let him for a
moment suppose a case. Suppose the Emperor
Alexander were to entertain a suspicion that his
ancient and valuable subjects of Poland—upon whom,
in imitation of his pious and humane grandmother,
of glorious and Messed memory—(A laugh)—he had
been distributing the comforts of religion and moray
lity—suppose that great Monarch entertained a sus-
picion that Poland, a civilised kingdom before Musa
covy emerged from its gross barbarism, entertained
an opinion that it might dispense with the protecting
care of the Czar, who was himself at one period tno
butary to Poland, was there any Englishman who
would not pray to GOD to grant them success
(Hear, /ear).—Was there any man who would nut
pray that justice, late, but retributive justice, should
overtake those spoilers who originally made a breach
in the system of Europe ?—(Hear, hear).—lf they
passed this bill they would not only oppose them•
selves to those noble spirits who were struggling for
freedom, but they would cast a stigma upon their laws,
and on the memory of their ancestors. They would
strip Magna Charm of its glories, and arraign those by
whom it was procured of rebellion and crimea-(Heor):
What were they to be told in a country like this—
whose laws, whose Constitution had been strength•
ened by resistance—a country, the Monarchy of which
had arisen out of, and been established by resistance,
that resistance was a crime? Were they to be told,
that they must oppose every resistance, however just,
against evety Government, however tyrannical and
oppressive ?—( Cheers ).—He should now repeat a
few lines, written not long since, by a modern Poet of
great celebrity, as they applied to a part of this subject:
" While European Freedom still withstands
" Th' encroaching flood which drowns her lessening lands;
" And views far off, with an indignant groan,
" Fier native plains and empires once her own !"
The Hon. Member proceeded to comment on the
present profound state of 'peace in which Europe was.
No wars, no rebellions—except, indeed, the resist-
ance of the Greeks to the Turk was to be so charac-
terized—and therefore against the Greeks in particu-
lar-this measure must be considered as directed. The
Hon. and Learned Member concluded by saying—
" The Greeks implore your compassion in the name
of Socrates; they beseech your assistance in the lan-
guage of CHRIST!"—(Loud and repeated cheers).--.
He then moved as an Amendment, " That this Bill
be read a second time this day six months."
Mr. PLUNKETT said, he should not attempt to
follow his Hon. Friend through his very eloquent
speech, as great part of it was, in his opinion, wholly
irrelevant to the subject. The question was, not as
to what was the state of Europe, or of England, as
regarded Russia, or France, er Switzerland, or Austria,
or Prussia? but whether the Alien Bill should be
continued for two years longer?—But the course
Which had been adopted by Gentlemen on the other
side, had made it necessary for every man who sup-
. ported it to defend himself—(Loud cheering). He
was hardly able to understand that cheer ; but he
must say, that he, and those who defended the Bill,
could not expect very courteous treatment—(Cheer-
ing). • If by these loud and continued cheerings,
Gentlemen thought to interrupt him in his argument,
they were mistaken. He should still go on ; arid,
great as was the talent of his Honourable and Learned
Friend, he should not be afraid of meeting him, since
he felt assured that he had Parliament and the People
of England on his side—(Hear, hear). He would
repeat that the People were on his side—(Hear).—
He had heard it said that there was an apathy in the
minds of the People on the subject of foreigners: he
denied that assertion. The noble, the generous, the
free-hearted People of England never would sink into
apathy when the liberty of a fellow-creature was con-
cerned smile', om some Members oftheOppositien).
He was at a loss to sec how describing the People of
this country as noble and free hearted could excite a
sneer from any Englishman. But he would repeat it,
and he was convinced that if any cases of oppression
had existed under it, the country would have rung
with it from one end to the other. An act which was
approved by Englishmen could not deserve the cha-
racter given to it by his lion. and Learned Friend.—
The Right Hon. Gentleman then proceeded to defend
the Bill on constitutional and legal, as well as political
grounds; and contended that even without a Bill at
all the Crown bad the power of sending foreigners
out of the country; and to thew his aremnsent was well
founded, cited cases in the time of Elizabeth and other
Sovereigns. The RightHon.Gentleman then proceeded
to defend the introduction of this measure in 1795.--k
Te the wisdom and energy of the measures of that
Isar he believed oge owed it that we were now isle

caned by the Will
and agricultural d
Attention. till a lat
itself to that objf_ct
presented as a Whi
ther he *as so or n
and rroposed this c
also, Iniogidd up
break faith with t
Meeting by surpris
in carrying his po
great Whig 'leaders
their own weight at
disavowed this part
that they did not ;
strongly t ertibate
tion t° break faith
now, on the part c
,his being taken as t
Mr. HONEYWI
"hat at the time he
disclaimed it now ;
of the County
say, that the Requis
and the Meeting nui
Lord JOHN RC
that several applica
;:is intention of ten
Parliamentary Refs
forward again the
most also take this
decidedly hostile tt
The Marquis of:
pose this Petition b
the clause mi;ht
He wished this Pe
prevent any other
Kent, from being
course so disgrace)
on this occasion.
at hearing the Nob;
trines of this Petit
tormi used by the
Noble Lord had sa
breach of public f
:hider the operatim
roust protest again
lf ovei whelming n
the: t! would be no
that he did most si
present at that Met
Lord JOHN R
tract the word cos
As to the Gentry.
been betrayed into
the measures of th
Mr. CALCRAF
;or the Gentry of
they had been bet
the two Hon.
Count, . If those Go
rliey had done nov
would have been
Son. Here was a
never honoured tl
rho, up to this
holder amongst tl
proposition adopt
Comity. He was
Gentlemen explail
the cbject of this c
it would have beet
Fo back as be ct
Gentlemen ere si
men, who underto
Meetings, ought ti
o,t this occasion
or the most
existed, when they
among them and
time he proposed i
find a seconder fo
had been there, I
prevented that pia
Mr. J. SMITH
a Meeting of the ►
have been the firs'
}louse a gross dis
lle could not cow
in it, as the Petitil
large, would be a
position in the Pet
it Lad been at car
Mr.BROOG II
at the Meeting in
power to oppose
stood, from the it
opinion of the M
of the proposition
way would have
of some of the b
Ile was ready to
different opinion,
'with great difEde
'was adopted for
'events, he truster
:not be drawn, th
.llar such a circ
:7o credit was to
.As to the propos
inced the Count
'an reflection. F
TDcally his opinil
never to be mach
Inca dire, the m(
thorn inr2n2hle 2

. . ,
. .. ,
, .
. . , •
.
• .
. t •
' .
.. . . . - .
rit4st.'4l.ll6osent tistuointoo of that... Mom there' atr. e.44s am sit aka km slissaws tie was tat:to heat *Sea* %test at
c 041).. -
1 lies* general cry Spars, spoke r and the Hon. leketkiliildic Orditot er moo,. cal Oe WAS secretly tried and secretly conviceedi
mfinted and Learned Gentleman sat down.) "psi Marquis of LONDONDERItt—The terfkii but by a pretended mercy be **s sentenced to twenty.
Nils re- , Lord CLIFDEN expressed his regret that he was of the tgreessestneere knann, so both rirt;es. years imprisonment in a place sortcbnded by swami
~ who- I obliged,. on this occasion, to ;accuse himself; hut he Mr. ittICAItDO thought, it dosibtful if she public nofriend was allowed to visit him. Would nit thesea&
reward ; must say, that the leading Whigs on this occasion had creditor had derived muth'benefit froM the contract. fold have been mercy compared to such a pbnishmentt
raining; not exerted themselves as they ought to have done— Mr. HUbfll censured the language of the Noble Would it not have been better to cut shim his Misc.:.
ion to' (Hear, hear).—He should certainly have stood for- Marquis as applied to the Member for ghrewsbary. ties by death, rather than doom him to such a pro&
`fir
rig the ward himself, humbless he was, to object to this The measures of the Noble Lord bed-ii stronger ten: longation of punishment? Let any mart listen to thd
ceeded proposition, had it not been for the able speech of his dency to pfixiuce revolution than anything that had accounts Of travellers who have lately passed through
tat the near relation.. He hoped, however, notwithstanding fallen from his side of the House. Italy. There were to be found men.of rank, and ta4
lent of this disgraceful rider to the Petition, it would still be Mr. HONEYWOOD, on moving that the Petition lents, and character, chained . and working on the
le they considered as the Meeting of the County of Kent in be printed, said, that there was not one person in the roads. This was to be frequently seen, both in Lom-
eet other respects. He could not but express surprise at County who 4as aware of the intention to introduce hardy and Piedmont. Was this not disgraceful to
must the influence which Mr. Cobbett kad gained over the dem was
so in thoredtioa.—.The Petition any country, which pretended even to the name of
s Peti- the 14eeting. was thee ordered to be jprinttd. freedom? And .yet the Noble Marquis called for Mt
d must Mr. PEEL said, the manly confession of the Noble A MINI ultra.. Alien Bill, to enable him to support the_objects of
tgainst Lord had done more in defence of the Whir, leaders Sir JAhißs af • rstaxrretaNN

•
.‘, ''i,,'""-., ' -::•'' c. ',',_ • , ' • : , . . .
..•. . • . .
. . . . - „.. ... . • ' . . .
. -
VA, 460.018nt riesaprtoo of chain .4(114* . titer(' it,. aillige..ll4B ow 4 aim to allows ri,th. tie was tailin Waft O&M* TAW at
1,16* general cry of 41 Space, spoke!" and the Hon. led le4 pilldic Mediu** alto,. venicsi he WAS secretly tried and secretly conviceedt
.
fined and Learned Gentleman sat down.) . The is of LONDONDER.RIL'fbe term but by a pretended mercy be tats sentenced to twinitr
is re- , Lord CLIFDEN expressed his regret that he was of the treougat were knovni so bosh rank& years imprisonment in a place sortc•noded by waif i
whe- ! obliged, on this occasion, to accuse himself; bus be Mr. ittICAIIDO thought it dotibtful if the. public no friend was allowed to visit him. Would ntit tisii sae&
ward ; must say, that the leading Whigs on this occasion had creditor had derieed muchtenefir froin the contract. fold have been mercy compared to such a pitnishmentt
ining • not exerted themselves as they ought to have done— Mr. HUME censured the language of the Noble Would it not have been better to cut shin hh raise:
In to
the a tIN
I (Hear, hear).—He should certainly have stood for- Marquis as applied -- —entlier Ike Shrowatmerir_ rime hv death. rathisr eh.... ..a...___ t_—....... ____t. .•k .......A L:____tr ,

..mmeiMßlol
