SCIINTILLE:

Cantor, April, 18.sn

Diirzc*riow—At Kirin, in Manchow Tartary, a fellow
has bad the audacity to deify his deceased brother without an order from
the Emperor to do so. A lady has brought the matter before the Rel.
pew. and his Celestial Majesty, being no way disposed to allow
gods to be made without his licence, demurs to the canonisation. '
Ditit.nY or JUSTICE.—In the province of Canton I
murder has been committed on a spot which lies on the boundary be.
tween Linda district and Hongkong—i. e. between the Sin.gan and
Tung.kwan districts. The local Magisuatos quarrel about the re,.
pons bilit~ ; end subsequently the Bove nor has adored a new AVMr
and maps to be made out, in order to decide which party is responnble,
and liable to account for the ahne.

A RIIN-AWAY WIPE.-A placard is On the walla of
Goatee, in which a taming frail one's attire and person are most mi.
needy described. The lady's name was Lan.peang ; eke was meat,
years of age, had a " sneloe-formed white face," was dmked wit;
" precious stoat hair pins; silver, gold wasted foreign-dowered, pew:.
set ear-rings; precious stone bracelets, ac. On the 15th 0.
the moon she rase early, and, having been reproved and scolded lib
her lord sad master at breakfast, she started of at noon, and bas v:
since returned. " Any good person," says the placard, •' who wt:
give information where she is to be found, will be rewarded with t.-
dollars ; and any one who will bring her back will receive forty Irrg•
dollars, and no questions asked."
The following conversation, according to an American
Paper is said to have passed between a negro and his master :
" Where is the hoe ?"—" Wid the harra."—" Where is the harrow ? '
—" Wid the hoe."—" And where are both ?"—" Why, bofe be to.
geder ; Good LOAD! why you make a fuss wid poor nigger-mac, di.
mornin !"

Extract of a letter from Rome, dated Sept. 28 : In
-
my last I omitted to mention how vastly I bad been edified at a sittine
of " The Academy of Catholic Religion," whereat the pious Dr.
Guslend, Professes. of F.celesiesticel Law at the College of St. ikons-
venture, indulged his auditory with a discourse, Istadataey and didactic,
on " auricular confession," which be maintained to be, in a social point
of view, " a fountain of good to Individuals and society at large ;-0* n,
" bridling vice, preventing crimes, purifying the heart, re-awakening
virtue, invigorating good dispositions where they languish, and render-
ing than perfect where they ere already in action." This sapient ea.
pounder forgot to inform us why, under so enviable an inadtution, there
is just as much of vice in Catholic se in Protestant or Illahomedan so-
ciety. Had his premises been veritable, ten centuries of. auricular
coafesoloa would have found the world a fit abiding place for some.
thing better than" fallen angels " and peecable humanity !—"bigre
Angriest.

An awkward circumstance occurred in 1761, upon their
Majesties visit to the City, which it is to be hoped will be avoided upon
the ensuing ceremonial. Their Majesties. who were occupying the
hoses of It Barclay, in Chsapside, with the view of witnessing the
Inaugural procession, were very nearly disappointed In even gratifying
themselves with a glimpse, it being very nearly dark when the Lord
Mayer passed the King, in consequence of the bed contrivance of those
whose badness it was to the procession by land, several Livery
Compsniss being am to watt upwards of two hours in Temple.
lane, which so block up the thoroughfare, that his Lordship could not
make his way into Cheapside until the light of day had completely
disappeared.

Abraham Newland, whose name was once as well known
as that of the greatest Monarch in Europe, lies interred in the church of
St. Saviour, Southwark, where a handsome monument, less periihable
than his notes, records his life and death to future ages.
In the transactions at the Natural History Society of
Northumberland, Durham, and Newcastle, it is stated that the quan-
tity of iron annually manufactured in Walsall about no,ooo tons, of
which about three-fourths is made into bars, and one-fourth sold as pig,
end castings. The quantity of coal required for its manufacture, in-
cluding that used by engines, workmen, &c. will be about flv: and a
half tons for cacti ton of iron ; the annual consumption of coals by the
iron works will, therefore, be about 1,506,000 tons. The quantity
used in the melting of copper ore imported from Cornwall, in the
manufacture of tin plate, forging of iron for various purposes, and
foe domestic uses, may be calculated at 350.000 toast which make
altogether the annual consumption of coal in Wales 1,850,000 tons.
The annual quantity of iron manufactured in Great Britain is 090,000

Sunday morning a number of Radicals assembled in
Smithfield-market. Though the day was Sunday, and the hour seven
a. m. the attendance was very numerous. The orators having fos some
time harangued their audience on the usual copies, their language at last
became so inflammatory that the police interfered. Great disturbance
ensued, but eventually the Radical party were by the firm, but tem-
=conduct of the police, compelled to abandon the field. They,
, expressed their firm determination of assembling again, at
the same place, on the next and all subsequent Sundays.
Mr. Bonifield, the Solicitor, has given the following no-
tice of a motion to the Court of Common Council, of which be is a
member :—" That this Court do petition both Hoene of Parliament,
praying that the whole of the present fourteen Bees of Commission.
ere of Bankrupts may be abolished, and that in lieu thereof an A-
cton regular Court be constituted to sit daily in matters of Bank-
ruptcy."
ANTI-SLav ZRY MEETING AT CHILMSTORD.—On
Saturday a highly respectable meeting was convened at Chelmsford, in
the Shire-bell, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament to abolish
slavery throughout his Majesty's dominion. n• distension was very
animated, and the speakers were unanimous inavowing their determi-
nation to support the object of the pedtion, both by eannibations and
perseverance. Amongst a number of gentlemen, who addressed the
mes, we noticed the Hon. J. J. Sault, who was in the chair t Knox,
Po i, Stephen, Hunt, Re. The petitions to both Houses wets car-
ried unanimously.
Friday evening, between five and six o'clock, a highway
robbery. attended with brutal treatment, was committed by two fellows.
near Norwood, on a youth between ten and eleven years of age, son to
Mr. Turpia, landlord of the Essex Serpent, New-street, Covent-garden.
The youth was returning from his father's residence in town, to Mr.
Simpson's academy at Norwood, but was directed to sleep at Mrs.
Peactsey's, his aunt's, at Dulwich, and proceed to Norwood in the
morning ; but he preferred proceeding on to school the same evening,
when he was met on the road by two fellows, who, without speaking to
him, struck him a tremendous blow on the head, which instantly felled
him to the ground ; and they robbed him of what little money he pos.
sassed, which only amounted to 3s. 6d. This done, the villains struck
him several very severe blows, and then ran off, whilst the poor little
fellow gaup, and proceeded on to his school severely injured from the
treatment he had received. Pursuit was immediately made dm the
robbers, but they unfortunately effected their escape.
BA L LOON I G .—Saturday week, Mr. Green, the cele-
brated aeronaut, made from Dewsbury his 106th ascent. accompanied
by Mr. Webster and Mr. Brown, of that place, and a live goose. At
the elevation of half a mile the goose was thrown out of the CIT. Is hen it
appeared to the spectators below no larger than a pigeon. It tell with
great velocity through the attenuated atmosphere, and appeared to be
dead ; but on its arrival in a less ratified medium, it expanded its wings,
and descended slowly and safely to terra fimia. The three other tra-
vellers pursued their aerial voyage, and alighted in safety near Leeds.
An old friend of the Establishment inquires how it hap-
pens that the least civilised people in the metropolis are the beadles and
others in attendance at the churches and chapels, and the domestic ser-
vants, particularly the coachmen, of the Bishops and other dignitaries?
The rudeness of the former is proverbiaL Among the latter, the usual
weever to the question of a stranger i 5...." Fee blood (f tom !"
Between six and seven o'clock on Sunday evening, a fine
girl about seven years of age, the daughter of a tradesman named Stan-
ley, living In one of the streets in the vicinity of the London-road, was
killed by one of the nnmerous coaches running on that road, from the
Elephant and Castle, towards London.

BIRTHS.
The 234 inst. at George-place, Lewisham, the lady of W. Tucker.
Esq. Commander Royal Navy, of a daughter—The 24th inat at Horn-
sey, %In. F. S. Danvers, of a daughter.

MARRIED.
At St. Hathetine•Coleman, on the 26th inst. Mr. J. M. Carter, to
Jane Lamb. wily daughter of Mr. R. Curtis, of Jewry.strost.—Tha 2311
inst. at Ware, Herta, Mr. D. Hollingsworth, of 'Fairish, to Miss L.
I ). Pearson, of the former place.

DIED.
Oct. 23. at Thoraton Heath, Surrey, after a long Maas, Elisabeth
Beason. daughter of Joseph Reid, Esq. aged 11 years.
The 21st inst. at Le Mans, the Right Hon. the Berl of Beverley, is
the 81st year of his age.—The 20th -inst. at Little Chelan, Sir W. A.
Brown, Hart. Lieutenant in his Majesty's 101st Beeman of Foot,
axed 011—At Calcutta, on the 234 of May last, In the nth year of hu
age, A. Stirling, Esq. Secretary to Government in the Persian depart-
ment, and Deputy Secretary in the secret and political department. Mr.
Stirling was the second son of Admiral Stirling, of Woburn.fann. in
the county of Surrey, and had resided in India nearly 17 years—The
23d inst. at his house, St. George's. lace, KnightsbridpeLames.
youngest son of Lieutenant Colonel Wilson, late Deputy w of
Chelsea Hospital—At Brook-green, on the 22d inst. Mrs. H. Flower,
relict of the late Dr. Flower, of Hammersmith..-.Thu 2Sd Inst. at St.
John's.wood.terrace, 31r. T. Smith, aged 11, lateof and
many years an inhabitant of Oxfoed.street—The 21 isiflansittlialtlttow.
la his 234 yew, H. A. Hurls, late of Trinity Collage, Word, eldest
son of H. &ale, Bs. Bed 4.w.

Lootspos hinted lad tublasbui by Joni Maxus, al ltM ST".
Orrice, No. 1, PWsa•pl..s, Topple Bar.
