that persecutes a man for not being t Christian, is
not himself a Christian." Persecution is inconsistent
with the mild spirit of Christianity, Ile nett ad-
verted to the Manchester husiness, which he con-
demned in strong terms, as he did also those Ministers
who advised the Prince to send litters of thanks to
the Magistrates &c. In the language of Shakspeare,
The hearts oesttbjects were the best security of the
Crown"—( Cheers.) He then read the letter of Mr.
Wyvill to Lord Grantham (see Star of Monday.)
After some other observations Mr. Corder repeated
the following lines :
" Remember, oh! my friends, the laws, the rights,
The genhrous plan of power, deliver'd down
From age to age, by your retiovin'd forefathers,
(So dearly bad& with the price of so much blood);
Oh! never let it perish In your bands,
But piously transmit it to your children."
( Cheers.)—He concluded by moving the Resolutions,
Mr. Done seconded the Resolutions. They were
pnt, and carried unanimously.
Mr. Nontutroust, to moving a Declatation founded
upon the Resolutions, addressed the Meeting at con-
siderable length. He argued, that the Christian Re,
ligion was a structure too noble in its nature (being
of Divine origin), too firmly built upon reason, and
had already withstood too many attacks from men of
rank and talent in this and other countries, to be in
any danger from the puny efforts of those paltry and
contemptible scribblers who now attempted to assail
it. He next adverted to the dismissal of Earl Fitz'
William, and took a review of the men who, he said,
had dared to advise such a measure—a measure
which shed the honour and approbation of the coun-
try upon the_Noble Earl, while it only reflected shame
and disgrace upon its contemptible ad visers—(aseers}.
Who was it, he asked, whom the Ministers thus at'
tempted to degrade in the eyes of the Country? He
was a man distinguished not more by his ancient and
dignified family than by his many great virtues, pub-
lic and private. He was one whq would not descend
to servile adulation, nor crouch for courtly smiles—
who would not sell his birth-right for a tress of Mi-
nisterial pottage—who was an upright Magistrate, a
benevolent Landlord, and, on every occasion, the
'friend of the poor and the oppressed. And who were
they who had dared to advise what they thought
would degrade him? One of them was a man who
had raised himself from a very low situation to his
present high state, by having no fixed principle, and
by making,the sufferings and afflictions of his fellow-
creatures the objects of his wit and sarcasm(Hrer,
hear). Could Lord Fitzwilliam be disgraced by not
being associated with such a man? Another Of those
Ministers was said to be a very vious man, who made
long speeches in favour of the Bible and Missionaries
and who, in the next breath, declaimed in support of
Lctteries, or any other infamous scheme by which the
Revenue might be supported. Could Lord Fitzwil-
ham be disgraced by not being associated with such a
man? Another of those Ministers had been recently
raised to the highest honours by bia bravery in de-
fence of his own and other countries; and here, in
looking to the present state of some of those countries,
might he be permitted to ask, how hsol they benefited
by this defence? This Nobleman, who owed his
glory to the valour of British troops, had not only
denied that country Vohich gave 'him birth, but, al
far as in him lay, endeavoured to keep millions of bit
countrymen in a state of political slavery, by the con-
tinuance of intolerant test-laws—those very men
who had so mainly contributed to raise him to the
'state which he now enjoyed. Mr. Northhonse con-
eluded by moving the Declaration, which wasfounded
upon the Resolutions.
It was seconded by Mr. Bitt.Tost, in a neat and
eloquent speech, and, after a few observations from
one or two Gentlemen, was put and carried unani-
mously.
Mr. Stevrox was then called to the Chair, and
Thanks voted to Mr. BLAUMONT, who replied in a
short speech, and the Meeting broke up.

NAFAL INTELLIGENCE.

Poarestouns, Normals 4.—Vilad N.Wrisiled the Swim,
Dams, for the South Seas; Ocean transpire, fee Deptford f sad
Samuel and Jane, Mamie, for London. • .
Ps:rapine, Noviauma F.N.E--Arrived the'Peiii. •
land, Weans*, from Portland, America, for Aatw ; abe Lai •
landed the master and crew of the Caledsela, from
for Grungemoutb, which vessel was struck bye heavy mead,
10th of October, which tusked two of the crew oesibinsde •
threw the vessel on her beam ends, carrled away her teininneft •
and fore top-meat, the sea making a complete •breaelk ~the •
vessel, no which the Crew remained fourteen days, 14111Metwaser,
and subsisting en salt pork the Forthaihesalsolimelhi boas •
Captain Lewis, of the William and Ann, of Blydt, I'M& was •
lost last April.
Diet, NovisseaSh.—Wind N.-••• Came damn from shelling
and sailed, the Dry Harbour Flamer, Oman, foe Jamaica;
the Nancy, WiLinesens, toe Sierra Leoae ; Findlay, Mansinpfee
Ma..eira ; Olive Branch, Ciesautwa, fee /tie lambs, ; Graham
Moore, Lean, for Messina; Fortitude, &um, ferlierbetlers s •
Archimedes, PRATT, for Commas New Phenix, Lesninrese,
for Trinidad; Grantham, tianratneass far Danesara I and the
Orpheus, Cuanerat.i. for &wren
Haawscse, Neviturse a. N.N.E..—lialled the rebate
of Orange packet for Holland, Castlereagh packet for Coalinga,
and the Charlotte racket for Gettenbtwsh, all with Mails.
Nosy UMW. NOTIOLIMIL !.—The Providence; esix, that
lay stranded apes the Herd Seed, was plandend, on
night, of her anchors, fn. anti an attempt was 'reads ter=
her main rigging, but the Constables making their appearance,
the thieves were prevented taking it away. On Missing night,
seven men were detected drilling oat bons in the wreck of the
Commerce also upon the Heed Sand, one of wheat was takes
into eastsly, bat the career escaped. ..
Chiron-Hoess, • Nov. 2.-s-Eatered Onwards—Atalanta, front
Hamburgh ; bald*, front Amsterdam; Vrow Team, from Me-
mel ; Golconda, from Madras; Time Maas, from Rotterdserir
Earl Strathmore, from Piairsimitals•; Marl Bathurst, from Rear
terdam; Hope, from Odds; •Tritom from Dram; and Francis,
front Africa. • • . :
Entered Outwards-.Litimey, for Jersey; New Blueing, for
Albite ; Rover for Calais; Salem, for Gibraltar; Charles,
for Tobago; li;garden'talide, few Jamaica • Zambia, for Coo-
stantinople; Ocean, ler Jr;amaia Paulltie, fur' Drafts and Ganef
Hillsborough, for Grenadte; and New Union, for Calais.-
Cleared Outwarde--Anamq, for -Seville; Ilblecia, for J
maica ; Rover, for Calais; New Mit" fat Oasis; SiilD2lo6. -
for Demerara; James, for Jamaica ; Atalanta, foe Hanthergh.'

-'The HAVANIIAA frigate is undergoing a thorough
repair in Dock, at Sheerness. .
' CORN-EICRANOII, MA.IItIC-LANII, Sow%
We had but little' doing in the Wheat trade this
morning, but our prices are the same as on Mondry.
A few vessels got in ftom the SuVlk ports, and what
prime lititley they brought was readily disposed of
on Monday's terms—select samples having obtained
40s. to 425. per quarter ; bat there is little or no de.
tnAnd ford* middling qn.ilitics. Fine Oats beins
scarce, sold Is. per quarter tuglier..lll ocher ortieles
there is nt alteration.
