N111?!:NIBERG, OCTOBER S.

If we may jude,e by stverti reports, the Coigresi
at Vienna wilt finally determine the future residence
fd. Napoleon Bonaparte. At Paris it is behold to
be quite certain that Bonaparte will be removed atter
the Congress.

Among the toasts given at a rccent public dinner
in America, were the following quaint allusion -to
the War-fiction in that unhappy Country :
Lanes Madison and Mina, JeFersoo be pen:slued Ns
visit ear Island of E 11,3, and never return."

By B. I. Cronin:ham, Pi-inter—" The War composed by irre-
g:ll.lc Workmen. unnienly justifie.!, anJ locked up.wth the quoins
1/i.graee; the Proof Sheet In al in much In Pit k cut never
be corrected—may it be thrown into H•••, and the Cotoposl.
:ors 4tch.el out of Office."

CIZALLENat TO CRUX oF TUC INSF.I TO TUE
CitEiv OF Tilt vuotne.
"On hoar!. lie U.., A S•ates frig-re Esser,
March 9th, Iv 4.
a The Sons of Liberty and Commerce, on board,
the s.iucy Esser, whose motto is Free l'r ide anti
Sailors' Rights," pres.mt their compiimen,s to three
oppressed brother tars, on boar.' the ship whose
motto is too tedious to mention, and hope they .vil)
put an end to all this nonsense of singin.d, sportielc,
hunting, and writing, which we know less :,'rout this
the use of our guns. Send the Cherub aw iy, we will
meet your frigate and fi !ht )oil, hands
and be friends; and whether Ton tike us or we take
yon, either will be to your advantage ; as in the first
case, you will, no doubt, for the t.:rvice you render
in a cause every brave and free man.detests, torn.
ed over to Greenwith hospital or to a new ship, css
your arrival in England'; and if we take y u, we
shall respect the riguts of* tailor, hail you .is brethren
whom we have liberated from slavery, and pl ice yoe
iu future beyond the reach of a press-gang.
(Signed) " Fitnu THE SONS OF LIBERTY."
ANSWER.
To you, Americans, who s•rk redress,For fancied wrongs from Britons you've wombed; •
Hear what we I:iitun• now :o you aaldre..s,
From malice free, by blacphemy uti•ta'n'd :
Think nor, vain boaster., your irsidious lay, •
Wh:ch Lolls fur vengeance from the A LM lam ry Gen—.
Can from their duty Eri•c.ns lead away,
Or-poths of honour which they've always trot.
No—ysur vile infamy tan never fail
'l' excite diwru,t in each true Briton's heart;
Your proffcr'd 1.11) ivy Cannot avail,
For Virtue is the dons of Allats•n's crest.
Our Goo, our King, our Counay, Ind our Laws,
We proudly reverence, like Bri•tins tree:
Our Captain, wine defends the glorious eau•e,
Meets due respect from all his I,rateful crew.
When to the battle we'rf by duty calif,
Out fuse, She Britons, bravely we'll maintain t
We'd fight like men %%hum rico- nJ'er yet appall'd,
And hope, Amerizan.! you'll do ,he Sallie.
YOur filthy letter, which on board was brought,
We scent to answer, though with rnallee frautbt;
But if, by such foul means, you think to make
Distentltms die; MIT loyalty to shake,
Know, tl:Ln, we're Britons all, both :rout and true,
%'e wee our Ku*, sot Country, Captain coo;
When honour calls, we'll glory in his name,
Acquit fikenserty and hope you'll do the same!
Lieltitenant Ingraham aektiowleJged the above to beim been
written try a hilLishipmaa of the !'Hobe, and weds tag trapegbp,
lion of Cummodore Hitlyer.
