I

Militia for extended service in Europe; the services
of the Field Officers to be accepted in proportion to
the number volunteering, viz.—three for 900 men,
two for 600, and one for $OO : and that, where a
lesonumber than 300 volunteered, if it was actually
three-fourths, of the Regiment to which they belonged,
the services of one Field Officer would, in that ease,
be accepted, the Officers to be entitled to half-pay ;
none to take higher rank than Lieutenant-Colonel.—
With respect to volunteering intcithe line, the Mili.;
tia would be allowed to voludPr by companies, the
Captain and Subalterns going with them to take rank
in the line according to their rank in the Militia. It
bad been determined not to exceed in the former case
the proportion of three-fourths, there bling many in-
dividuals in Militia Regiments whiehowever efficient
in that service, could not, from age or other causes,
encounter the fatigue of active service abroad, and
go have sent whole Regiments would, besides, have
broken in too much upon_,the Militia system, which
it was the anxious desire of Government to keep up.
—The Militia had been of essential service to tile
.
country, in the protection it had formerly afforded
against the danger of invasion, in its alacrity since in
putting down insurrectionary movements, and in the
excellent troops which it had afforded to the line,
who had so bravely and efficiently sustained the ho-
nour and character of the country. It had also the
advantage of drawing into active service men of rank
and property, who might otherwise be disposed to
• estcrifice to indolent care, that time which was so
much better employed. in maintaining the cause of
their country. It. was, therefore, the farthest horn
the intention of Government to adopt any measure
that could in the slighest degree tend to break up so
excellent a system.
The Duke of NORFOLK wished to understand,
whether a Captain, for instance, volunteering with a
company of militia into a regiment of the line, would
take permanent rank as a Captain in that regiment ?
Eat' BATHURST stated, that such Officer
would become the junior Captain in the regiment, his
commission bearing date after an interval from the
time of volunteering.
To a further question from the Duke of NOUFoLK
as to the permanent rank, it was replied, that such
Officer would then be, to all intents and purposes, a
Captain in the Army.
The Bill was read a seccnd time.
Earl BATHURST suggested that it was of im-
portance to pass the Bill without delay, the House
might probably be induced to negative the commit-
ment.
The Duke of NORFOLK was anxious that not
the slightest obstacle should be thrown in the way of
the progress of this Bill. which he thought it was es-
sential to pass without the least delay.
The commitment was then negatived, and the Bill
ordered to be read a third. time to-morrow (this day.)
Adjourned t:ll to-morrow. (this day.)•
House Oli COMMONS.
The Loan Bill was read a tWrJ time.
Sir S ROMILLY broug;it up a Petition from certain 'lardy).
are !,'Swedcl) confined in ;be King's BeWeh, praying, that if any
alterations were to take place in the frustek in Debtor's Bill, the
benetits of a ini-itht be mended to them. I he Honourable Mem-
' hcr'then proceeded to cowman on tbr Bill as impracticable in
its machinery, and as irjuriuus lions the delay It must occasion,
and hoped that a: Dist sate temporary substitute might be pia
vided h t it. 'f he Petition . .-. e thou i......,;-.- t.p.
Mr. I.OC KHAR I' said, that it was not his attention to move
fora R. peal of the Act, En: only to collect the principal clauses
in the Insolvent Debtor Acts, acid embody them together in the
present Lill.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL said that he believed this day
wouhl not pass over without a specidc remedy being brought
forward by a Noble Lord in another place.
[Here the Speaker interposed, saying it was not regular to re-
fer to the supposed proc.-edings of the other House.l
The ATI Ott NEY GENERAL then observed, that he might
be allowed to say, that he was a,sured that a measure affording
speedy relief to the persons who were aggrieved by the delay
under the present Act, was in preparation, and would be passed
before the recess. [or himself, hr did not find that there was
any :Dog of jectionable in the principle al' the Bill, and if time
were giver., he conceived it might be made a very wholesome
law. But lie agreed it was necessary to du something immediately,
and for that reason fie was .anxious that some temporary ripe-
dient should be devised and adopted.
Mr. LOCKHAR I' postponed bringing forward his motion on
the subject till Moaday.
Lord CASTLEREAGH gave notice, that he should to-mor-
row move some further regulations with respect to the military
force of the country.
Committee of Ways and Means postponed till Wednesday.
'1 he Subsidy Bill was read a second time:
HELJTONE ELECTIQN.
On the Order of the Day for considering the Hel.
stone Election Bill being teaci, . .
Mr. HORNE (Member for Helstoue) rose and
said lie should feel it a dcrelictiounf his duty to him-
self as well as to his constituents, if he did not state
his tbjeCtIODS to the present measure. In doing so,
however, lie acted solely from the individual couvic.
lion of kis own mind, without concert with any per.
sons in ur out of the Borough. The Borough of
Belstorie bad been long iu the possession of the ex-
clusive right of sending two Member; to Parliament,
a right not arising out of any usurpation on the pri-
vileges of others, or in prejudice to them, but arising
out of the law and constitution of the country, and
standing on the same basis as the best and most sa-
cred of-oue institutions, or asehe right and authority
of that tiouse. It was natural then for the burgesses
of Helstone, and .in some measure a duty incumbent
on them, to make a struggle for the preservation of
such a right. He was at the same time not insensi-
,
We that this privilege was the last which ought to be
r considered as private property ; that it-had high and
important duties connected with it ; and that if any
grow abuses were proved in the discharge of those
duties, it was then the business o, Parliament to in-
terfere and strike at the rOot of the corruption, pro-
. vided the municipal law did not reach the evil. It
would, however, be the duty of the House to pro.
scent cairioudy, on the fullest evidence, and to take
care that, in aiming to secine the purity of election,
they did not destroy that which was the foundation
of it, the elective fraiichi,e itself. Ties hill might
t form a precedent by which hereafter, in times of fac-
tion and turbulence, or of extreme corruption, rather
the quality of the Members returned, than the cor-
ruption. attendint their return, might be made the
ground of similar disqualifications. Thus far his re-
,
trail:; were general ; he would ncee proceed to sip-
, ply them more particularly to Elie Bill in question.—
This Bill seiod upon the ground of the Special Re-
port only, or of that and t:ie evidence delivered at
' the lesi of the House. New the terms of the Report
• stated, that there had subsiited a certain illegal
agreement between a Noble Duke and a majority of

the Members of the Corporation of Helstege• with
regard to die return of. Members to serve for that
Borough. And he understood that the Committee
had in this case inserted the word illegal, purposely to
exclude the word corrupt, which they did not think
applicable to the transaction. There were three
views under which the subject might be viewed :-
1.. The nature and extent of the offence. 2. Who
were the offEders. S. The punishment.—With re-
, spect to theirrst, the Committee having decided that
the agreement was illegal in its nature, this alone was
a sufficient reason why it should not be referred to
Parliament: for if the transaction was illegal, there
was a legal remedy, and an adequate punishment for
it ; any thing more must be unjust. To go beside
the law would be an irregularity ; to go beyond it,
an act of oppression. But, granting that the offence.
'leas great, and the punishment ..esetved, yet be
wot'ld contend that it ought • :lot to be inflicted on
the present parties. It the majority of Members of
the Corporation of Heistone had offended, that was
no just ground why the whole" body should be dis-
franchised. The Corporation acted as t: traces for
the Borough ; they were the organs and depositaries
of its interest—an unnamed majority of them bad
abused their trust, and disregarded the interest of the
inhabitants—ergo, what ? Not that the offenders
should be punished, but those against whom the of-
fence had been committed, alai:, the people of Hel-
stone, who were the first persons who had suffered
hyahis violation of the law. After again disclaim-
ing any personal communication with those who were
interested in the Bill, the Hon. and Learned Gentle-
man concluded with expressing his decided disappro-
bation of it.
Mr. Serjeant ONSLOW complimented the last
speaker on the delicacy and discretion with which, in
the difficult situation in which he was placed, he had
treated the question. But in all the arguments of
the Hon. and Learned Member, he was so unfortu-
nate as to differ from him. The Repoit indeed sta-
ted that the transaction was illeg il, but it also stated
that it was one contrary to the law of Parliament
and to the purity of election. If this then was not a
case in which it was proper for Parliament to inter-
fere, he.did not know what was. He also differed
from the Learned Member, who seemed to suppose
that this elective franchise was held by the Corpora-
tion for the benefit of the People of Heistone, but in
his opinion it was held for the benefit of the People
of England. But it was !aid, we had punished the
whole body for the came of the majority only.—
This, however, was unay. ideb ::. We had pursued
only the common course. it was not in a single in-
stance, in the last election only, that the most unwar-
rantable abuses and corruption had taken place, but
a regular system had been long pursued, by which
the right and independence of election had been. bar-
tered away, to secure certain profitable exemptions
for the Town and Borough of Helstone. What then
could be more just than to take :.way a might which
was pl.:crd in sueh improper hands ? from the
whole evidence, it appear,,:. that they never
vered the slightest anxiety to know what Members
were to be returnee for them, but only to know whe-
ther the wages of their corruption would be paid? It
did not follow, beeatise the offence was illegal, that
the punishment annexed to it by law was adequate.
It was the object of the Legislature, nut merely to
punish the othitce, but to provide against the recur-
rence of it in future ; and for this purpose he thought
some such enacunent as the present highly expedient
and necessary. The Bill was read a second time.
Sir W. CURTIS moved for leave to brio,- in a Bill, to enable
his Majesty to accept of the offer of the City Militia to serve
abroad.—Lease given.
Mr. BANKES moved that the continuance of the Reversion
BiU from February next to February 1816, be referred to a Com-
mittee.—Repurt ordered to be received to-morrow.
The Irish Sugar Draw-back Bill was then read.
Lord PALMERSTONE in bringing forward a motion for the
advance of six millions on account to defray the mentos of his
Majesty's 1...nd Forces, stated that the increase in the army in
he course of the last year, vas 8,278 men, and the total of the
expenditure ,R8,t;t6,000.
Mr. Alderman ATKINS asked, across the table, if the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer intended to introduce any alteration in
die Sugar Ditty Bill, proportioning the Duty to the quality of
the article? This question was answered in the affirmative.
'I hl Spirit Distillation Bill was then read.
The ,NEARER issued his Warrant fur the Election of a new.
Burgess to reprt sent the City of Durham, in the roam of Mr.
Lambton, v. ho had accered the Chiltern Hundreds.—Adjourned.

FRENCH Pit PERS.
CONSERVATIVE SENATE.
SITTING OF THE 12TH NOVEMBER.

The Senate assembled at two o'clock in the after.
noon, under the Presidency of his Serene Highness
lilt Prince Arch. Chancellor of the Empire.
His Excellency Count Regnaud de Saint Jean
d'Angely, Minister of State, Councillor of State,
and Count Mole, were introduced. They presented
three Projets du Senate: Consultuns.— [See hereafter the
sitting of the 15th of November).
Count Regnaud de Saint Jean d'Angely exposed
the motives for the first in the following manner :
MOTIVES YOE THE SEN4TOS CONSULTUMI WHICH PLACES
500,0001115 AT TIIE DISPOSITION OF THE MINISTER
AT WAR.

MONSEIGNEI7IL SENATOII3—.That memorable Sit.
ting is still present to you, in which at once fulfilling
the august dunes of Regent, wife, mother, and, a
Frenchwoman, the Empress came to point out to
you the necessities of France.
" The sentiments which she excited in this
ing were rapidly communicated to all parts of the
Empire, and still live in all hearts.
" All who were Frenchmen acknowledged that,
in the actual situation of civilized Europe, the nation
could not hope to preserve its rank, maintain its dig.
nity, provide for its safety, defend its territory, but
by proportioning its efforts to conquer to the efforts
attempted to subject it, but by increasing the powers
of its armies, the extent of its resources above the
power, above the resources of the States coalesced
against her.
" 13ut, at that epoch, Gentlemen, the defection of
Bavaria WAS not consummated ; French loyalty ho-
noured itself by refusing to give credit to it.
" You were then still ignorant how the Saxons had,
in the midst of battle, deserted their ranks in our
armies, to 'occupy those which had been previously
prepared for them in the armies of our enemies ; how
the artillery furnished, provided from our arsenals,
had been turned against our battalions, suddenly as-
sailed by batteries intended to protect them.
" Those events of which no examples are foun(l
but in the ancient history of the barbarous kings of
Asia, those events for which Europe had not hitherto

to blush en account of her Cabinets, to be afflicted
for her nations, have been attended with circum-
stances which a few weeks before could not have pre-
sented themselves to your thoughts.
" However, Gentlemen, our enemies themselves
confess it, on considering their defeats and their
losses, the French armies have supported their an-
cient and imperishable renown, notwithstanding all

those events.
6' But by the force of circumstances, glorious vic-
tories have become sterile ; reiterated triumphs insuf-
ficient ; and the unforeseen and, deplorable event of
the bridge at Leipsic has added to the advantages of
the enemy, even happy for once to obtain a triumph
without a battle, trophies without danger, and success
without glory.
‘' Upon this fresh misfortune, each of you, Gentle-
men, have seen an universal sentiment of devotion,
of generosity, manifest itself in all parts. In the
midst of public and even private griefs, French hearts
were filled with indignation at the thought alone
conceived by the enemy, of triumphing over France,
of devastating her territory, of imposing laws on her.
" The cry of alarm and for assistance raised by
our children, by our brothers still in arms, st:ll fight-
ing with glory, has resounded on the banks of the
Seine, on the Rhone, the Moselle, and the Loire,
upon the mountains of the Vosges, the Alps, and
Pyrennees. All old Frenchmen have anticipa:ed by
their wishes, the wants of the country, the danger
and sacrifices necessary to prevent dangers and
sacrifices which otherwise would be very fright-
ful by their extent, and by the humiliation with
which they would be accompanied.
'4' What, in short, Gentlemen, would our situation
be, if the enemies who are already on some points of
our frontiers, and who menace them on another side,
should penetrate upon our territory ? What peace
would there remain for us to expect, but the peace
of slavery and the peace of the tomb ? By what in-
solent and debasing conditions would Powers, whom
their interests divide, revenge themselves for the eclat
of our success, the humiliation of their defeats, the
necessity that made them subscribe to treaties which
they have violated, and even for the generosity which
consented to them ? Judge of it, let France judge
of it, Gentlemen, with you, by what our enemies
have dared at Dresden, before our united menacing
victorious armies.
" That Congress, hope of the world, provoked,de-
sired by`the Emperor, which, like that of Westplia,
ha in 1648, could alone have balanced and regulated
the interests of Europe, was rejected, notwithstand-
ing the persevering entreaties of the French Cabinet,
" Its apparent preparations were but the deceiving
means under which were concealed the effective pre.
para.ions of a general confederacy. The pretended
Plenipotentiaries were in effect hut agents charged to
settle the plaa of a campaign already determined upon,
and not Ambassadors preparing projets for a desired
peace; passionate men, who, by appealing to arms
and force, instead of appealing to justice and reason ;
mer previously de::icle4 tp discuss nothing, and pre-
tending to dictate a capitulation, in place of discuss-
ing a treaty.
" They then reckoned upon those defections which
we will leave equitable posterity, impartial history,
the care of qualifying ; they recosed upon those vio-
lations of treaties which tl c gold of England had
paid for beforehand, which threats had prepared,
which fear had promised, which weakness gave rea-
son to expect. They had not yet arrived before the
walls of Dresden, where they afterwards suffered such
striking reverses, and already they wished to dictate
laws.
" What would they do bad they cleared the Rhine!
or the Scheldt, the Alps or the Pyrennees ? I do not
ask what justice, I ask what treatment France could
expect from them; what repose Europe could hope
for from them ?
The answer, Gentlemen, is in the annals of

history.
•• At the conclusion of the reign of Louis XV,
Europe thought she had a balance, crowns a gua.',
rantee, civilisation a bulwark ; the throne of Poland
existed.
•• An impious coalition was formed. A triumvi-
rate of Kings dared to confide to each other's ambi-
tion, by pointing out the victim, marking out each
other in the common prey ; and Poland, at first dis-
membered, entirely disappeared some luitres after-
wards from the number of European Crowns.
•• What bitter regrets has not France suffered—
what shameful reproaches has not France experi-
enced, whose weakness tolerated that wicked politi-
cal enterprise, which has since brought about results
so great, so remarkable.
•• Well, Gentlemen, my question is answered by,
these reproaches, by these regrets.
•• Poland debased, divided, destroyed, oppressed,
is a terrible lesson for France, threatened by the same
Powers who disputed for the parts of the Polish
Monarchy.
•• The manes of Poniatowski—the manes of the
late King of Poland, so miserably driven far from
the Throne—the mares of the last General of the
Poles, so gloriously buried under laurels, tell you with
what enemies you have to contend, and what are the
means of obtaining from them the peace which we
wish, and the repose which Europe desires. It is to
drive far from the Empire that league which threatens
the empire of it. If the coalesced armies could pene.
trate or establish themselves on this side the Pyren-
nees, the Alps, or the Rhine, the day of peace would
not shine for Franc.!. It can only rise for us in pro-
portion as we shall have sent to a distance, and d: ive:i
the enemy far from our territory. It is to satisfy this
wish, this want, this duty of the Monarch and the
people, that new forces are necessary, and th.:t the
Emperor demands them with confidence from the
nation 'which has offered them with such generous
eagerness.
•• In referring to the calling, which the Senalus
Co:lndium authorises, upon the classes previously li-
berated, and in going back to the year 1811, his Ma-
jesty gives way to the Empire of circumstances as
much as to the councils of justice, wisdom end hu-
manity.
•• The men who shall come to range themselves
under the French eagles will unite strength to cou-
rage to support the honour of them, and whilst the
young conscription shall acquire, in the service of the
armies of reserve, that vigour which they still want,
to second the sentiments with which they are ani-
mated, and of which the last leVles have given

proofs upon the field of battle that astonished our
phalanxes.
4, The National Guards, the arming of which has
honourably anticipated danger, shall return to their
homes ; the fathers et families who compose theta
shall be restored to their professions, to their labours.
46 Senators ! the words which shall proceed from
' this place, to call to arms the descendants of the came
Frenchmen who, at so many glorious epochs, have
repulsed the barbarians from the land of the brave.
the country of the arts, the center of civilisation ;
these words will be repeated by all fathers, by
mothers, by all wives, by all brothers, whose bus-
childrett, brothers, are at this moment paying
that debt they owe to their country, How many
does not France reckon of them ? How rr..my 1
know of them myself, wlo with eyes still mu:stened
with tears shed on account of the unfortunate losse..
who with hearts still moved far those whom Pr.o
VIDE NCE has preserved to their love, only think o;
sending to their assistance the brave men who yet
, remain to them.

Noble children of cur dear France! Generous
def:nders of our glorious country, who shut towards
the Rhine, towards the Yyrennees, the entrance into
France against the English, the Russiaus, r.nd their
allies, you shall not be abandoned without assistance
in the holy' and honourable contest to which you are
devoted. Yet a short time, and numerous battalion►
of men, powerful in force and in courage, shall pro_
ceed to your aid, to ensure victory and ti deLver the
French land.

44 It is thus, Gentlemen, that, surroundee. by al:
the force, all the power of the nation, the Emperor.
moderate as when he gralitld Austria the peace at.
Leobea and C;uLpo-Ferruk, in the hope of signior
that of Europe at ltastadt ; generous as at the epoch
whet: he erected thrones and endowed them from his
conquests, after the victories of Jena and Austerlitz.
he will be able to prepare peace with wisdom. by ba-
lancing the conditions with justice, anti signing it
with honour."

Count Mole afterwards exposed the motives of two
other projds of the Senatus Contufrtml, relative, the fire:
to the prorogation.of the powers of ilieDeputies o!
the Legislative Body of the 4th series ; the second, to
the appointment of the President of the Legislative
Body, and to the Imperial Sittins of that body.
44 MONSEIGNEUR SENATORS-1 he Emperor bar of-
dered us to present to you a trojet de Senates Contuittem,
stating, that the Deputies to the Legislative Body of
the -fah series shall exercise their functions daring all
the time that the Session, which will open on the 2tl
December next, shall last.
44 The same measure was proposed to you at the
beginning of this year, and you adopted it by the
Senatal Comeahint of the 9th of January last.
The reasons which then determined you will do
so now with more force. The period for the meeting
of the Legislative Body is too near for its being pos-
siblii provide for replacing the Deputies going out,
and the motives for this convocation are too imperi-
ous to allow of its being deferred ; it is therefore in-
dispensable to continue, as you have already done,
in their function the Members composing the fourtl:
series.
46 We are besides charged, Gentlemen, to present
you another frojet de Senatur ennoiltutn. Art. 1 states,
that thf! Emperor shall appoint to the Presidentship
t f the Legislative Body.
46 Hirtyrto his Majesty flas chosen from among
five candelates which the Legislative Body presented
to him.
" But it may happen that men placed upon this
list, however honourable and distinguished may be
their understanding, have never been known by the
Emperor.
" As one of the prerogatives of the Legislative
Body is to be able to directly approach the Sovereign
through the organ of its President, it has been
thought, that to render these communications more
useful and especially to the Legislative Body, it was
proper the President should be personally known to
the Emperor. in this manner the Legislative Body
and each of its Members will be ensured, finding in
its President an intermediary, a guide, and a support.
" There are, besides, in the Palace, etiquirts, forms
which are requisite to be known, and which' for the
wain of being properly understood, maay occasion
mistakes, to delays which the Legislative Body in.
terprets unfavourably. All that is avoided by the
measure we propose. To all these considerations may
be joined that .ot (economy. We had at first been
tempted to siy that the Legislative Body should al-
ways be presided by a grand Dignitary, a Grand
Officer of the Empire, or a Minister of State ;—but
the advice of the Privy Council was, that this limita-
tion would be attended with the inconvenience of de-
priving the Members of the Legislative Body of the
advantage of being appointed to the Presidentship.
" Article 2 states, that the Senate and the Council
of State shall assist en wits at the Imperial Sittings
of the Legislative Body by closed letters. Hitherto
the Senate has only assisted at it by a deputation,
and several times its Members have expressed a de-
sire of assisting at them in a body.
44 It will therefore be a grand spectacle to see as-
sembled in a single Sitting, to hear the words ema-
nating from the Throne, all the great Authorities of
the States.
" No reasonable objection can be made to this pro-
position, since, in the solemn Sittings consecrated to
taking the oath from the new Members, there can
neither be discussion nor detiberat;on in them, And
that they are only assembled for the purpose of hear-
ing the
Three /a' jeer dew
Senatur enn:ukton have been ye-
ferred to Special Commiisions, and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday next.
In the sitting of the 15th, Count Dejean, in the
name of the Commission, charged with exanainin4
the first fanjet, after making a speech of some length,
said, ""The Commission proposes to you the adoptioq
of the trtjet de Senatia Coneultam."
Senator Chaptal, and Count de Chanteloup
rac-
ceeded Count Dejean, and made two reports, in the
name of the Commission, charged with examining
the two other profits, proposed in the name of their
respective Commissions, ' that the trojetz should be
adopted, which was unanimously agreed to.
[Here follow the Decrees issued in the usual style,
confirming their adoption. That relative to the
placing 300,000 men, at the disposition of the Minis-
ter at War, are as follows :3
" Considering that the enemy had invaded the
frontiers of the empire, on the side pf the Pyrence'

1

•
and the Newel ; *ea et eh* it bine and beyniedl
the Alps are threatened, we have and do decree—.
" Art. 1. 900,000 Conscriptx, ,takes from the classes of tie
yein 1 I, 12, 19, 14, 1806, 1807,. and following years' to and
Comprehending 1814, are placed at the disposition of the Mi•
sister at War.
" 2. One hundred and fifty thousand teen shall be ieeleciVrith
Out delay, to be immediately placed in activity.
" 1 he remaining one hundred and fifty thousand Caen shall be
Wt in referee to be levied only in case that the eastern frontier
should be invaded.
is The Conscripts that shall be levied tp the twenty-four de-
partments, which according to the Senatus abasultum of the 24th
of August, 1813, have furnished to the army of Spain, shall have
the same destination."
PARIS, NOVEMBER 16.
St. Cloud, No#ember IS.
His Majesty hunted to-day, for several hours, in
the plain of Satory. •
a •

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 18131

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Redu. 5813 59f 581--Cons. 60154 60;i—for atc. Sti{ Sotlf
4 per Ct. 74113-1 74J-5 p.r Ct. 3s.dls.
Omn. 9110 }to— ew ditto, 6:31 li—Each' Bills Ss. ss. pre.
Bank Long Aims. 14 S-16ths y 7-16ths.
