TRIM!? HOIISE ROW, vozzivrinEs.

GENERAL oILDIRS. The Lieutenant-Colonel thinks
it due to the very refpeetable Volunteers who coati-
Lute the divifions of his Corps. to explain why they :
have not been earlier called upon,to fulfil that part
of their duty which confitts in training for fervice,
when the offers of the Corporation were accepted on
the Toth July. and the Country throughout produc-
ing the moil animated exertions—exertions that con-
fer infinite honour on the fpirit and energy of the
Zritiih charafier, and which saloon furrounding
Nations. •
The delay has in part arifen from the cattle& de.
fire to obtain that fanftion and authority which would
have been more anslagous to former habits and edu-
cation, as well as more congenial to a feaman's
feelings.
But the rigid rules of the Naval Service, even
tinder the prefling exigency of affairs it was thought
unadvifeable to Infringe :—Yet under filch an exi-
gency, it would have been on our part Unpardonable
to have been tenacious—our Country required our
example and Our fervices—wi ought rather to revere
the inflexible iteadinefs of the principle which con-
stitutes one of the chief bulwarks of that maritime
pre-eminence which dirifies the Nation than either
el arraign it, or be difpored to tonfide; it as an in-
tentional difregardt .
His Matssrv, his Mittens and the Country at
large, entertain a moil favourable opinion of eke.
salters trained from early life to the ufe of great guns.
Oar offers of fervice were in a line not ufual, were
underflood to be much wanted, and therefore have
1j en accepted by his Mai airy in a manner that con-
firms their value and importance.
- To be eminently ufeful in fuck a aids, is becom-
ing the dinette:. of Erni fh feathen i and though many
tilus, from our years, may be confidered as inva-
lided, the oceafion (hall renovate us, and our hearts
and inclinatiima be in unifon with thole of the
'oungeft amongft us.
The period is an awful one ; the flake never before
fo important I—it is liberty or slavery, mid Revery of
the molt direful changer I—let every man's heart
Fine& to him what he it to expea if fubdued.—
Thh thought alone reconciles all difficulties in our
way to be fully prepared 1 we will realise the expec-
tations of our countrymen, and be one of the means,
tinder Dims ottosnee, of frullrating the de-
Egos of a powerful, inward,, and enterprifing foe.
To explain the 'attire of the fervice we have under-
taken, is to facilitate its caseation.
A line of hips is to be Rationed aerofs the en-
trance of the Thames, above tale Lower Hope Point,
and to be fo cennefted as to forma boons and bat-
tery, las far as walkable, that will °banal the paf-
rage of in enemy up the river.-this pats it is our
province to defenii--the fenrice is ftatioaary, but
Impo tint s and the whole maritime eetansernity will
'twin us in the probable event of invafion..we are m-
ien
alto to an batteries on the River's hanks, or
up within ten miles of the metropolis: the
lottery and flip gun, with the ah of the boarding
etwill be our chief wEaptian-.but in proceeding
one poll to another, oar own fafety may coa-
l* in field artillery and our pikes--belies the ne-
lielfity of Mint la Rro&r.d in their ufe.-the band
oe and the au*ne may oecalionally be refort-
gara d,
when numbers bumf., and thus be fully cow-
&tent topcoat sad defend our poll. A portion of
the cortis not exceeding one fourth is propoAd to be
afloat. a week at a tinse.--arvangements muff there-
fore be made ; privations Inuit be undergone ; last in
a cash like the prefent-r-it would be as cfifereditable
as impolitic, to relax in our gluttons, and the Lieu•
tenant-Colonel fully relies on the attention, energy,
and ready compliance of the Volunteers to fit them-
hima far a*ual and effictetit fervice.

Covent Osamu Ta airar.—Tbe very excellent
Comedy of 21. Si#tiost IliAmsl was !aft night per-
formed. Lawts's was as attnaive as ever;
slbd Mrs. Giovsairiede, and Koran's Yeti
Mad, afforded unconitneen illeafure.
The Opera of 49 a tollokwed, for the purpofe of
introdaang Mifs MARTYR, by whole ading and frog.
ing the heroine of the piece was rendereciextremery
finterelling. Mr. fec‘snor was the Bolvalk. He Met
with a very warm reception after his narrow efrape
from the perils of the yea.
The clear receipt of the play en SatUrday the 3d
lull, at Liverpool, for the benefit of the Patriotic
Fund, amounted to 3171 ts. 6d.
We have the pleafure of informing our Readers,
that three barge loads of exotic plants from Guiana,
which it took many years to coiled, have been lately
captured in Punion, on their way to France = and
were yefterday fafely depofited in his Majelty's Bo-
tanical Garden at Beer.
On Monday fenaight. Mr. joie WALTON; game.
keeper to HURT Biuwosit, Efq. of Ince, for a
triter) wager went oat with a double barrelled gun,
ascended by one dog; and is the courfe of the day
killed sal brace orartridges, being morn than
kill.
he had engaged to'
Yefterday, about three thlock, t 1 man decently
dreffed is black, with a large fkrbiti by MI fides en•
tend ik-ames's Palace, and was ptotiedinj op
(lain(laintewaJds the Levis, when the Yeoman the
Guards inquired of hiss where he was going, be not
being in a Court drefs ; he replied, he was going to
the Duke of PORTLAND he was informed he -could
not proceed any further to fee the Duke there, but
he perfilled, and Paid the Duke was to lay his claims
to an elate which he was kept out of by Lord Otos,
rostraiart and that he was brother to Admiral Sir
RICHARD BICRIRTON ; and by virtue of the noble
family to which he was allied he carried the fwOrd by
his fide, which cut en both fides. He likewife pro.
duced the following extraordinary paper, and there
was annexed to it a likcnefs of himfelf, and his coat
of arms :
Muhum Delideratem I or a few Hints mandig the lichen
toes who lived is Chain, after they came Into is‘rod with
Witham the Cseq.etar I and refpedleg the R. J. Ilithenells M.
C. P. goon's Orford. el the lane Family; together with
a mod& Addrefa to We Prism* he. to Whew then how they
may be rich sod hap lo the }Wen tine and hone, with a Re-
minted= of the Tian Bread Arrows. the Pardies Con of
Ana% and of the aforehid Perke..—itegristed by the dein of,
and to accommodate his Priced% who Ike at a Mane."

He refuting to leave the Raircafe, Sayers and
Townfend, the Officers attending, took him into eof
tidy, and forced the fword from him, and took him
Ware Sir Riot. Fat , at his bode in Sloane•llrtet.
