AN 11-IMPETIGINEs, OR SOLOMOisr.4 DROPS.

A MEDICINE like the AN.II-Imptitintmts is in
lA. the present dines more than doubly valuable, as the nicety.
perance and luxury of the ay. Is basiening the ravages of the
scurvy, and rcndeiing ot.r blond more impure; and thoughtie
love of intemperance cannot on any accomi be defended, )et
those who have been Weak enough to a%socia'e wi:h the sons
luxury, and tlie:vby destiny their matt have the
means now offered them tafrep the an.l, Si! far as is
in the power of physic to assist thrin, tts rettwe theinsAves to
perfect health.
The AIM Impetigines may be administered to females and
children with the unitoot safety and eflie.,cy, width circumstances
have principal), contributed to its great celebrity, and universal
use and request.
hold by Samuel Leigh, 1 8, Strand; Bacon and Co. I SO, Osford-
street, London; Brodie and DOWllilig, Saliduity; and all Meal.
cine. 4 enders; price I is. each, or four in one Family Bottle lor
339: by which one I ts..botrle is savek with the worus•—" Sam!.
holomon„ Liverpool," tngraftd on she sump.
g:). Dr. Solomon experts when robsulted by letter, the usual
poropliment of a one pound vote to be inclosed, addressed.—
,4 Money Letter. Dr. Solonum, Glittaisl House, near Liverpool,
raid double 'vane."

WORKS LATI.I.Y PLJBLISIIM,
By T. CA DELL 110C1 W. DAVIES, SICAZIJ,
1. u AGNA Ii ltl L'ANNIA ;Volume the Third :
Ivl being a Cont.i.e ropezraphic./1 Acconnt of the County
of Cornwall.

My the Rev. DANCE!. I.YSONS,A.M..F R.S. F.A. and

Ltraor of Itutlimiston, inoweiteeshirc; ami
SAMUEL, INNON.i, EA. 17.1 t. 3. anal E..%.1.
, . . .

Keeper of his hl_jrsty's aeon:lsms this Tamer of
Handsomely frizzed tx int. with numerous Empavi.igs, of
Views Antiquities, b.c. price X 3 I ss. in baud*.
A few Copies on Imperial Part r, with Proof I•stpres+ions,
price 1/6. is. in boards.
S. Bat rdi Nal IA DE PICT A ; being a Serie; of Virgin oldie most
inters sting and picturesque obk.c.s sit Great Brit*, engraved
fruni Jrawinta, by J. Faringtoti, R. A. Part IV. enosaining
Twenty-four Views in Cornwall, price XS. I 51. A few Sets of
Proofs on Cohimbier Paper, price £6. tics. and a few on India
Paper,price .en

•S (A.I.CRY of CONTIMPOR AST RNITISH
This Work (ef which Twenty Numbers are already ptiblislied),
will form a jerks of Po:roans of the must eminent persons now
lying, or lately deceased, its Great liuiutn and Ireland. Me-
gautly and accurate!) drawn, In an unshorn' mauner, from Life,
or from rho most approve] original Pictures; and the Engrav-
ing, (elleattill lu the style best suited to Portrait) perfect fac-sis
notes of the Drawings A Number is published every two
mantas, concsiatri Wit Portia:us cub ueusupoial by a, short

0111171VATI4NI on tl e WRITINGS and on Mr email sc-prlt
of Mr. GSA r. originally in!)jrilord to the St curet VOIUMP• .4( chs
complete Edition, hi 1814, a all WOILS, cn IWO littio.ll4ll.
'llamas James Mathias, *To. price 'is. in board%
Q 3. 'l've Mats:.. A Poem. Elilantly piloted M a i'ock.t
Vollnie, price 9-.inktoa-tlq.

11c1: MACIt' AF Wl' AL 111., A Novi. Ty .r. S. Sarr,
Aur,nq of " inter in I.oisJint," in three vols. 1 lino. rrlee
I 5.,. Cu boards.
The PAIN C:N.F./ Or WAR, ewle•ited in the PRACTICE of.
the CAMP; i'esrlio;vill us .t Setttst .st General (hilt Is of
hi►ld•Mar..",,l the i. •Le of Weltit.ron. k tl. &c. &e. shc. in the
late Cent' ait!,% 01 t:,r Peninataa, wi'll (`titers et. George
the SeCents.,t'w Dttkr of Curitserlaud, the !lake ot latllkstat.gt.,
Earl of &Air, Wolfe, &s. &c. &c. in
one voluthe auto. &nice toe. bd. in bolo its.
28. kesA is %tie la LITTIIRAIt/RE FRANCAIS! TININIIIISS a
Paris, Is t 5.--ContessaLt " De, ObStritAtlol.s Ulf rot it:hie de la
langue Eta:vise, et sue irs to:Atkins slump s dem: ot.ilees de
erne las.gue: Des mistier* assr owe• lea prssila,-Los s litteralres
eataindes, clue sur huts autrurt, depots Its premiers reins
de la litteralure til France, jsrlds'a la fin de 181. i, lea stub aw
rem.* vit aids XC4,pteS Ceb Vsaiiais ont eta ks situ vet d. a Lino.
Mews iranca.* les plus inarquans par leer savoir et par Isar
goat." lu 3 vols. inns. prier Xi. Is. boards.

I

PROM L4S7' NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

FOREIGN OFFICE, DECEMBER s, leis.

~Y

His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been pleased, in
the name and on the behalf of his Majesty, to appoint John Philip
Morier, Esq. to be his Majesty!. Envoy Extraordinary to the
Court of his Majesty the King of Saxony.
His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has also been pleased,
In the name and on the behalf of his Majesty, to appoint Edward
Michael Ward. of Bangor, Esq. to be his Majesty's Secretary of
Legation at Lisbon.
CARL rON-HOUSE, DECEMBER 4.
This day has Royal Highness the Prince Regent was pleased,
in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty, to invest Vice-
Almiral Sir Hi rbert Sawyer, with the ensigns of a Knight
Commander of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath.
His Royal Highness the Prince Regent wa, also pleased, in the
roam aml on the behalf of his Majesty, to confer the honour of
Kiiirlithood upon the following Officers, Knights Cc•mmanders
of the raid Mo%t Honourable Military Order of the Bath:
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Williams.
Lieutenant •Colusrl Sir Robert Arbutlimn.
BANKRUPTS.
- -

Thames Miler, late of Great Wakering, Essex, surgeon, to sur-
render Dec. 9, 16, and Jan. 16, at one, at GuildL.ll, London.
A•tornies, Mr. Ilatheirst, Rochford; or Messrs. Chapman,
Stevens ant Wood, Little St. '1 homes Apostle, London. .
River Jor:Lvt, late of Salford, Lancashire, brewer, Dee. 20, 21,
and Ja,,, ill, at two, at the Star Inn, Illanchester. Attornies,
NIL Wooten:rue, Manchester; or Mr. Wiglesworth, Gray's
Inn-Auer:, London.
Charles Byrn, of Warwlek, tanner, Dec. 18,19, and Jan. 16, at
elvv-h, at the Globe Inn, Warwick. Attoraies, TVle,srs. Mey-
rick and droderip, Red Lion-square, Londor ; or Mr. Burbury,
Ware. ck.
Robert Noyse, late of Bristol, merchant, Dec. i 9, 20, and Jan. 16,
at eli v•n, at the Ruuuntr Tavern, Bristol. Attornies, Mr.
Walker, Pristul; or Messrs. Adlington and Gregory, Bedford-
row, Diadem.
Williaiu Rle,sam, of Itylsall, Rutlandehlre. miller, Dec. 20, at
hire, 21, and Jan 16, at eleven, at the Crown Inn, Stamford.
Attornies, Mr. Thompeon, Stamford; or Mosrs. Alistice and
right, !tint t Tempte,London.
Pratte.% Grerttm, tit Relleston, Staffordshire, innkeeper, Dee. 19,
at leer. end Janc id, at ten, at the Wolteley Arms, Woke-
. ley Brit e, • tafford. Anomie% 'Messrs. Affiance and Wright,
King's Beuels-w..lies, luster Temple, London., or Mr. 9ecker-
Sea, ','aToitt.
Huhn ueltett, sen. al Wiiney, Oxfordshire, linen.draper, Dec.
le. 19. and Jail 16, et eleven, at the Marlborough Arms Inn,
Woreistoek, Oxford: Attornies, Mr. Westell, Witney ;
ur Mr. Lowden, Cement's 100,1 Jon, . Itm.
Georg* Lauder, of iiirmingbam, jeweller, Dec. 18, 19, and Jan.
16, at one, at the ito)el Hotel, ISirminghans. Attornies.
:nth Egerton and Witham, Gray's Intesquare, Loudon; or
Mime-. Stubbs, Mears, and Wills. Birmingham.
Vi Olive ailiddleton and Henry Teesdale, of Cross lane, lower
Thames street, chocolate-mannlacturers, Dec. 9, at twelve,te,
ai;d Jan. 16, at one, at•Gualdhall. Auuriiey, Mr. Pullen, tot.,
street, Cripplegate.
]EdwardWill:ant Gray, of Alton, Southamptondtlre, barker,
Dec. etr, at low, 21, at Mom, and Jan. 16. at one, kt the Swan
Inn, Alton. Attorney, Mr. Clement, Alton, amts.
antlim;f, Nrabrook, of Hadleigh, Sultelh, innkeeper, Dee. 11, 12,
and lam W, at ten, .at the Worsen and 1 tones, Colchester,
Kass:. Attorrees, fir. Sinythies, Colcheiter ; tr Mesas.
Millie atnl Parry_t
_Temple, London.
mina /Wiry, or Bedwardine, Waleertershire, butcher, Dec. 29,
an, and Jau. 16, at eteven, at the Tielbo., lloacester. Attor-
sties Messrs. Price and Williams, Lincoln's Inv, London; er
Messrs Price and Hotelsweartb, Worcester.
Richard Cousin y, of Doncaster, grocer, Dee. 20, 21, and
Jail. 16, at ten, it• the Woolpack Inn, Doncaster. /tumults,
Mr. ;slaw, Doncaster; or Mr. Watktus, bione-buildings, I.ln.
emees Inn, London.
William '* imams, al Hereford, baker, Dec. 13, 14, and Jan. 10,
at tit vett, at the City Arms Hemel, Hereford. Attornies,
Miesra. Wollaston and Cleave, Hereford.
David epedatieg ut Carlisle, butcher, Dec. 14, 16, and Jan. 16; at
ele:e ti, at the Grapes Inn, Carlisle. Attornies, Mr. Birkett,
Cluck-taut, Lume); or Mr. Pearson, Carlisle.
Walter Putman, of Ottery Sc. Mary, Devonshire, fellmonger.
Dec. tie zI, and Jan. 16, at eleven, as the Half-Moon inn,
Later. Attorney, Mr. Chempion, Exeter.
'1 leunas Fur: linking, late of Plymouth, cooper. Dee. 16, 18,
and JAM in, at it si, at the Lechange, Plymouth. Attornies,
/sks-t Aesttee and Wright, loner Temple, London; or Mr.
Torth.:l, i'►yatou-h.
John Ninth. of coal-merchant, dealer and chapman, Dec.
1.5, iti, at: 16, at twelve, at the King's Arms Tavern.
Attornies, P. r. eavaer, Great %Vinchester-street, London; ur
hit. , Derby.
haul livery V. illun s, late of Mardrn, Herefordshireeeroeer,
aleakr and ciesernan, December it. ii. and January 16, at
'levee, at the Green Drawn' Imo, Attottites Mr.
- Dar, km. litathcote.str. et, Mecktesiburg-square, Lundon; ur
Mr. Pritchard, at. Owen's-a:tete idereterd.
bpriago, of Path, liaberda .her, Dec.l2, 19, and January
id, at twelve, at Guildhall, London. Attorney, Mr. Bireett,
Cluakdane.
Richard Henry Thomas Staveley, of Bartholomew-close, Lon-
don, dr ..ggist, dealer and chapnian, Dec. 9, at eleven, Dec. 16,
and Jan. Ileac ten, at Guildhall. Attornies, Sir S. Whitemnbe
and Mr King, SetJeanee-inn, Fleet-s.reet.
Idward Pay, of Antersham, Bucks, hay and corn-dealer, and
ehapniau, Dec, 9, at eleven, Dec. i ri, and January 16, a- ten, at
Guildhall, Londun. Attorney, Mr. Martha, Fitzroy-street,
Eitsroy-square.
Thomas Orton, of Liverpool, hods r, dealer and chapman, Dee.
x 6, 27, and January le, at mar, at the Star and Garter Tavern,
Liverpool. Atormes, teleran. Fret and Kewley, Liverpool;
or Messrs. Elackstock and Bunce,.King's Bench Walks, Tem-
rle, London.
George Rogers, of South Anston, Yorkshire, nialtster, dealer and
chapman, Dec. 12, is, and January 16, at twelve, at the Ton-
titw Inn, Sheffield. Amman. Air. Bigg, Seutlaaniptesii• Euild-
tugs, Chat.cery-lane, London ; or Mr. Roger., Sheffield.
Richard Morgan, late
-o1 Alston, Staffordshire, japatnier, dealer
and chapman, Dec. 2t, at four, Dsc. e 3, and January 16, at t I,
at the Littleton's Arms Ins, Penkridge. Attornies, Mr. Hunt,
Surrey-street, et: and ; or Messrs. Crowther, Wedneshi.• y.
John Freddy, of 1 autiton, Sieversetshire, baker, Dec. 13, 26,
and January 16, at e:even, at the Castle Dun, l'auaton. Atter-
nits, Mr. bttnic, 1 mutton; or Nkstrs. Brake and eon, Cuok's-
court, Landau.
Thomas Handley, of Weskot, Warwickshire, salesman, Dec. 16,
18. at the lA'oalpack Ina, Warwick, and January r 6, at eleven,
at the Globe, Warwick. Attormee, Messrs. Baxter and Bow-
lin, Furnival's lint, London; or Wain. Greetaway, Warwick.
Pinata Wood, of Egrernont, Cumberland, innkeeper, dealer and
chapwoman, December 26, 27, and January 16, at two, at the
Black lion Inn, Wkitehaven. Attornies, Mr. Clennall, Staple
Inn, London; or Messrs. Adamson and Perry, Whitehaven.
John Roi.kell, of Liverpool, linen-draper, dealer and chapman,
Dee. 26, 27, and January 16, at one, at the Bull and Punch.
Bowl len, Liverpool. Attorney, Mr. Clements, Liverpool; or
Messrs. lil...ckstock and Dunce, King's Bench Walk, Temple.

DIVIDENDS to be made at GUILDHALL.
Dee. 30, John ttalke:El and John Philip Acklam. Strand, silver-
smiths, at ten. Dec. fstl, William Jackm..r, Middle Scotland-
army clothier, at eleven. January 6, Antos Wray, 'token-
house yard, merchant, at twelve. Jaiobary I, Joseph Duckharn
and Robert Larc..sttr, Bread-street, warehou►emen, at eleven.
February 6, William John Nl'Master, Red Lion-street, Clerken-
well, watch manufacturer, at one. January 6, Alexander
Sbir-
r.ll, l'emelfurch.sireet, merchant, at ten. Dec. ifi, Henry:Smith,
Ct tp, don, shopkeeper, at elkigen. De:. 23, George Wm, Wye,
pewington Bow., merchant, St one.

DIVIDENDS to be made in the COUNTRY.
Dec. 23, Edward Best, Birmingham, merchant, at twelve, at
the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Dec. 29, John Smith and Robt.
Smithies, I'nol, paper-makers, at ten, at N ewlove's Hotel, Leeds.
Dec. 29, John Milner, Halifax, bookseller, • eleven, at the
Coopers' Arms, Halifax. Dec. 29, James Collier, Rainbow,
cotton Imiater, at 'eleven, at the Star, Manchester. Dec. 97,
f.;eorg.• no !haat, Bronlyard, victualler, r eleven, at the Falcon,
Brunt> ard. Jan. 8, John Forster, U'igan, grocer, at eleven, at
the IVl.nut ca bin, Wigan. Dec. 97, Charles Magee, Whitehaven,
grocer, at eleven, at the Black Lion, Whitebaven.
CER I IFICATEIL—Die ruse a 26. •
J. Land, of Ma.dstone, druggi,t J. Passman, of Bapinghall.
st. eet, tu. !chant. • J. Benbow, of Paton Bishop, Herefordshire,
rml er. H. M Pherson, et Union-street, Surrey, colour-manu•
facto, r. J. Dodson, of Lewes, grocer. W. H. B Jackman ,of
Croydon, corn-44,ier. • • ' ' • '

JUTE PIPER.

NOTE DELIVERED IN IT VISCOUNT CASTLEREAGH TO THE
ALLIED MINISTERS, AND PLACED UPON THILIVROTO•
COL-.-PARIS,EiPTRAIBER 11,181 5. _ _ _

Representations having been made before the Mi-
nisters of the Allied Powers from the Pope, the
Grand Duke of Tuscany, the King of the Nether-
lands, and other Sovereigns, claiming, through the
intervention of the High Allied Powers, the restora-
tion of the statues, pictures, and other works of art,
of which their respective States have been succes-
sively and systematically stripped by the late Revolu-
tionary Government of France, contrary to every prin-
ciple of justice, and to the usages of modern war-
fare, and the same having been referred for the con.
sideration of his Court, the undersigned has received
the commands of the Prince Regent to submit, for
the consideration of his Allies, the following remarks
upon this interesting subject :
It is now the second time that the Allied Powers
of Europe have been compelled, is vindication of
their own liberties, and for the settlement of the
world, to invade France, and twice their armies have
possessed themselves of the capital of the State, in
which these, the spoil of the greater part of Europe,
are accumulated.

The legitimate Sovereign of France has often,
under the protection of those armies, been enabled to
resume his throne, and to mediate for his people a
peace with the Allies, to the marked indulgencies of
which, neither their conduct to their own Monarch,
nor towards other States, had given them just preten-
isions to aspire.
That the purest sentiments of regard for Louis
XVIII. deference for his aleient and illustrious
House, and respect for his misfortunes, have guided
invariably the Allied Councils, has been proved be-
yond a question, by their having last year framed the
Treaty of Paris expressly on the basis of preserving
to France its complete integrity, and still more, after
their late disappointment, by the endeavours they are
again making, ultimately to combine the substantial
integrity of France, with such an adequate system of
temporary precaution as may,satisfy what they owe
to the security of their own subjects.
Bat it would be the height of weakness as well as
of injustice, and in its effe,:ts much more likely to mi
lead 111411 to bring back the people of France to mo-
ved and peaceful habits, if the Anita Sovereigns to
whom the world is anxiously looking up for protec-
tion and repose, were to deny that plinciple of inte-
grity, iti its just and liberal application, to other na-
tions, their allies, (more especially to the feeble and
to the helpless), which they are abwt, for the second
time, to concede to a nation against whom they have
had occasion so long to contend in war.
Upon what principle can France, at the close of
such a war, expect to sit down with the same extent
of possessions which she held before the Revolution,
and desire at the same time to retain the ornamented
spoils of all other countries ? Is it, that there can
exist a cli:utit of the ism: of the contest, or of the,
power of the Allies to effectuate what justice and po-
p licy require ? If not, upon what principle deprive
France of her late territorial acquisitions, and pie-
serve to her the spoliations appertaining to those ter-
ritories, which all modern congtierors have invariably
respected, as inseparable from the country to which
they belonged?
The Allied Sovereigns have perhaps something to
atone for to Europe in consequence of the course pur-
sued by them when at Paris during the last year.—
It is true, they never did so f make themselves par-
ties in the criminality of this Mass of plunder, as to
sanction it by any stipulation in their Treaties; such
a recognition has been on their part unifOrmly re-
fused; but they certainly did use their influence to
repress at that moment any acitation of their claims,'
in the hope that France, not less subdued by their ge-
nerosity than by their arms, might be di,posed to pre.
serve inviolate a peace which had bLen randinasty
framed to set ye as a bond of reconciliatitni bvtwrco
the nation and the King. They had also mason to
expect that his Majesty would be advised vo:untaril)
to restore a considerable proportion at least of these
spoils to their lawful owners.

But the question is A very difra.A.nt one now, and
to pursue the same course. under circumstances so
essentially altered, would be, in the judgment of the
Prince Regent, eqially unwise owards Franc?, and
unjust towards our Attics, who have a direct interest
in this question.
His Royal Highness, in stating this opinion, feels
it necessary to guard against the possibility of misre.
pres. nta (ion.

- Whilst he deems it to be the duty of the Allied
Sovereigns not only not to obstruct, but to facilitate,
upon the present occasion, the return of these objects
to the places from whence they were torn, it seems
not less consistent with their dericrcy, not to'snffcr
the position of their armies in France, or the removal
of these works from the Louvre, to become the means
tither directly or indirectly, of bringing within their
own dominions a single article which did not of right,
at the period of their conquest, belong either to their
respective family collections, or to the countries over
which they now actually reign.
Whatever value the ?Prince Regent might attach to
such requisite specimens of the fine arts, if otherwise
acquired, he has no wish to become possessed of them
at the expense of France, or rather of the countries
to which, they of right belong, more especially by
following up a principle ix war which he considers
as a reproach to the nation by which it has been
adopted; and so far from wishing to rake advantage
of the occasion to purchase 'from the rightful owners
any articles they might, from pecuniary considera-
tions, be disposed to part with, his Royal Highness
would, on the contrary, be disposed rather to afford
the means of replacing them in those very temples
and galleries of which they were so long the orna-
ments.
Were it possible that his Rnyal Highness's senti-
ments towards the person and cause of Louis XVIII.
could be brought into doubt, or that the position of
his MorA Christian Majesty would be injured in the
eyes of his own people, the Prince Regent would not
come Us this conclusion without the most painful re-
luctance ; but, on the contrary, his Royal Highness
really believe; that his Majesty will rise in the love
and respect of his own subjects, in proportion as he
separates hirns.:lf from these remembrances of revolu-
tionary warfare. •
These spoils, which impede a moral reconciliation
bettveen France and the countries she has invaded,

'are not necessary to record the exploits of her armiei,
which, notwithstanding the cause in which they were
achieved, must ever make the arms of the nation
respected abroad. But whilst these objects remain
at Paris, constituting, as it were, the title deeds of
the countries which have been given up, the senti-
ments of re-uniting these countries again to France,
will never be altogether extinct ; nor will the genius
of the French people ever completely associate •itself
with the more limited existence assigned to the na-
tion under the Bourbons.
Neither is this opinion given with any disposition
on the part of the Prince Regent to humiliate the
French Nation. His Royal Highness's general po.
licy, the demeanour of his troops in France, his hay-
ing seized the first moment of Bonap.trte's surrender,
to restore to France the freedom of her conunerce,
and, above all, the desire he has recently evinced to
preserve ultimately to France her territorial integrity,
with certain modifications essential to the security of
neighbouring States, are the best proofs that,-consi-
deration of justice to others, a desire to heal the
wounds inflicted by the Revolution, and not any illi-
beral sentiment towards France, Live alone dictated
this decision.

The whole question resolves itself into this :—Are
the Powers of Europe now forming in sincerity a
permanent settlement with the King ? Atid if
upon what principles shall it be concluded ?
it be upon the conservation or the abandonment of
revolutionary spoliations?
Can the Kiag teel his own dignity exalted, or his
title improved, in 'biting surrounded by miiiiumeht,
of art, which records not less the suffcrilgs of li;,
own Illustrious House, than t.t the other nations of
Europe ? If the French people be desimus of tread,
ing back their steps, can they rationally desire to pre.
serve this source of animosity between them and all
other nations ? And, if they are not, is it politic to
flatter their vanity, and to keep alive the hopes which
the contemplation of these trophies are calculated to
excite ? Can even the army reaaonahly desire it ? •
The recollection of their campaigns can never peri:ll.
They are recorded in the military annals of Europe.
They ate emblazoned on the public monuments of
their own country : why is it necessary to asso:iate
their glory in the field with a system of plunder, by
the adoption of which. in contravention of the laws
of modern war, the Chief that led them to battle, in
fact, tarnished the lustre of theii. arms !

It we are really to return to peace and to ancient
nusiins, it cannot be uise to preserve just so mr►c!:
of the abuses of the past; nor can the King desire,
out of the wrecks of the Rcvoiniion, of which hi.
family h►s been ono of the chief vic.ims, to perpe•
tua:e in his house this odious num:poly of the Arts—
The splendid collection which France possessed pre.
vions to the Revolution, augmented by the Borghese
collection, whicjs has since been purchased (one of
the finest in the wort!), will affiril to the King
ample means of ornatnenting, in its fair proport►on,
the Cipital of his Empire: and his Majesty may
divest himself of this tainted source of distinction,
without prejudice to the due cultivation of the arts
in France.

In applying a remedy to this offensive evil, it sloes
not appear that any 'diddle line can be adopted,
wl►ich dues not go to recognize' a variety of spoli4-
tions, under the cover of treaties, if possible more
flagrant in their character than the acts of undis-
guised rapine, by which these remains were in general
brought together.
The principle of property regulated by the claims
of the territories from whence these works" were t.t ken,
is the surest and only guide to justice; and pe►hap
there is nothing which would more tend to settle the
public mind of Europe at this day, than such at►
homage, on the part of the King of France, to a
principle of virtue, conciliation, and. peace.
(Signed) CAbTLEREAGH.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

NEW CAPITAL LOTTERY WITH TWO GRAND
PRIZES 01' FIFIV HOUSAND POUNDS. AND ONLY
FIVE I'HoU:IAND TICKE MUST ALL BR DRAWN
'I 0-AIORROW.

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER G, 1815.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY ATI WELVE O'CLOCK.
Reduced 541—Cons. Ina. shut—for opg.
4 per Cent. 749;1-5 per Cent. shut—Bondi 4s. pre.
Outnium 14ii pr.—Do. pay. 1511 pm—Eu:l).l3M le. 4s pr.

Almost daily, through some channel or other, we
receive details confirming and throwing new light on
statements already received respecting the shameful
persecution to which the Protestants are exposed in a
country emancipated from slavery by the persevering
energies of the British Government, and under a
dynasty restored to political existence and consider-
able influence, at the expense of the blood and trea-
sure of Protestants. A Leyden Journal, received last
.
night, presents some important facts respecting the
disgraceful scenes transacting in the South of France,
and from which even the powers of sophistry can
draw but one conclusion. The Duke IYANGOULEME,
when requested by a Deputation from the Protestants
to issue a Proclamation exhorting the people na longer
to persecute them, refused this just request, on the
pretext that his powers did not authorise hime to do
so ! ! • The DUKE departed from Nismes, and on the
following Sunday the Protestants were assailed in
their temples, and General LA GARDE, who endea-
voured to dissuade the bigots from their murderous
intentions, was shot by sine of them, as our Readers
have already been informed. The remark of the
Leyden Editor is very just :—lt is astonishing that
the Police, so active under BONAPARTE, and which
for so long a period kept down these monst. 1, when
confided to the same hands, under Louts XVIII.
should have been unable to restrain them any longer
from perpetrating their crimes with impunity. •
Persecutors are never without pretexts for their
cruelties. History does not furnish an instance in
which political offences have not been urged against
the Protestants by their adversaries, for the purpose
of obviating the charge of persecution for relyous

opinions. On the present occasion kis ins7atatee
that the Protestants of Nismes and the neightotylc,.
districts are attached to NAPOLEON. Now, ft, ti:,
sake of argument, and to place the condnetri
N.
Duke d'ANo it;LEME in a proper point of view het
the tribunal of public opinion, let it be
the Protestants are bad and disaffected In( .
say let this be admitted—What says commf,n
what says Justice ? What s:ty prese 10.5
France ?—That they ought to Le cnried l.t•;
proper tribunals and tried
•.1. 4,0
charge is groundless i. provrd y the (it:, :111•
not having ()tato! any otter to h,! •c,,
That they have not rt!ceir2.l pr(Aectio.:
every subject is provt.d by the crimes tLat •,
committed ag:ii::st them—by none of die;r.
tors and murdertrs having been yet brotyht :
tice—by the inactivity of the ruling Pouer •
respect till one of its militias, Coma:a:Ur, -..
sinated.

On the present occasion one point
culAr 3ttentic.n. The Protest tilt I).p,
reminded that the inhabitants t:,e
[many of tl!ern are Protestants] hAd
nut giving tip their arms. wir•an

against thc:rti ? By the rti.t:t who aim ..!
on the pretext of defending Itryali..o.
who gave his in:losses-6 A distinctive
their Inperior devotion to Lis
cmkades being edged with ?rem. 1!..i

lbw
