EEG RO SLAVERY.

The Marquis of CHANDOS presented a petition from West India
Planters. He complained of the clamours raised for the abolition of
Negro Slavery. He would support that abolition, but not without
compensation to the Planters. He had to complain that the West India
planter waa in a very tottering condition.

Mr. MA RRYAT complained of the language used by some of the
petitioners who called for the repeal of the negro slavery. One petition
denounced some of the slave owners as sitting in that house, " like Sa-
tan am3ng the sons of men ;" that they " dealt in stolen goods know-
lug them to have been stolen ;" and that " the petitioners burned
with holy indignation at the bare mention of compensation to the dealers
In human blood." He maintained that the condition of the slave was
much misrepresented, and added, that he was ready to join in any mea-
sure for the amelioration of the condition of the slaves. He trusted that
the ministers would see that justice should be done to the planters. In
the meantime, let the Government send out a more efficient inquiry to
the West India Colonies. (Hear.)
Mr. BRISCOE observed, that the question must soon come before
the Parliament. The several petitioners urged that the slave trade was
of the most detestable character, and suspended the ameliorating righ:s
of rational beings. The national conscience was at last awakened,
and it would not be at rest till that was shaken off which
had occasioned the disquietude. The petitioners for the abolition
founded their claim on the sacred volume, which was the true charter
of the rights of n.an, which did not sanction the buying and selling
of human beings.
Mr. WELLESLEY concurred in the argument, that abolition
should be accompanied with compensation. This, he thought, would
be acting in the true spirit of Christianity.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS said that the petitioners justly called for com-
pensation and more extensive inquiry into their are. The Ministers
had stated that they would rely for public approbation on pursuing what
forwarded the public good he trusted it would be founded on public jus-
tice. if the slavery were abolished, as we could not do without sugar,
we should be protecting the trade of Cuba, and where we could not in-
terfere with the proceedings of slavery.
Lord IMORPETII said there was misrepresentation on one side, and
exaggeration on the other; but inquiry must soon take place, and all
that could be desired was, that justice should be done. The question
could not rest in its present state.
Mr. 111ACA ULEY thought that negro slavery should be abolished
as speedily as possible; at the same time, he must contend that compen-
sation should be made by the public for injury that might be inflicted on
private persons. He lamented the exaggerations, but he must say that
the quantity of petitions was no fault, because there were societies that
espoused the abolition. If they resulted from these societies, be it re-
membered that they were not founded on any corrupt principles. It was
only mind acting on stint'., and spreading information where it was wanted.
The 'Vest India body was quite as close, compact, and power.
ful as were these Societies. The magazines, reviews, and news.
papers were in favour of the abolition, more or less; and yet, to
support the press, the West India body had in onevote given more
than had altogether passed through the societies' hands. The ex.
aggerations ought to be forgotten, and the question considered. A
statesman of a capacious mind could settle this question, he was as.
sured ; but settled it must be now, and soon. The desire for it could
not be allayed ; it had yearly increased—then where was the hope of
avoiding the emancipation of the slaves ?
Mr. BERNAL was glad that so important a question was to be
treated with temper; but, there had been much unmerited abuse. It
was no very agreeable thing to be stigmatized as " dealers in human
blood." As to the question, however, he did not think it wasof quite
so easy adjustment as the hon. member for Caine (Mr. Macauley)
thought. He wished fur the amplest inquiry, not for the sake of the
planters only, but on account of the negroes themselves He lamented
to be compelled to say that the question which was now raised so
ardently, and which had lain dormant for so many years, had been
used, in too many instances, for improper purposes.
Mr. EWART said that if there were to be sudden emancipation,
compensation ought to be an indispensable accompaniment. Gradual
emancipation ought to be the course: but he doubted whether it would
improve the condition of the slave or the master. At all events there
ought to be the amplest inquiry.
Mr. F. BUXTON said, the demand for inquiry, now so suddenly'
bursting forth, was rather suspicious. It would occasion delay ; and
was not that the object ? The roving commission that was now desired
would not terminate its labours till all the present slaves were in their
graves, and till all anxiety about the question should have stopped
and gone. Had the inquiry been asked ten years ago, it would hays
looked better ; but at that time he called for inquiry. The question
was settled, inquiry was unnecessary, the abolition of slavery ought to
be enacted. As to compensation to the unfortunate—he would not say
guilty—party, it might be just from the government, the inciting
party ; but while the question of compensation was settling between
the two guilty parties, what was to become of the innocent and suffer.
ing party—the slaves ! The question must be settled. Such a feel-
ing had arisen that it could not be stopped ; and he only hoped that it
might be settled amicably, and not left till all sunk into one comment
ruin by neglecting the granting of justice to the innocent and Lettering
slaves.
Col. SIBTHOIt PE maintained, in the present state of the country,
compensation was out of the question.
Sir GEORGE aMURRAY said, he hail always endeavoured to take
a common-sense view of the question. He had desired to keep aloof from
the opinions of the enthusiastic, the interested, and those who sought to
make it the theme of popular eloquence ; while in office he had endea-
voured to guide his conduct by such principles. The question be had
always thought would be best left in the hands of the Government—but
on this principle, with the view of not stopping short of the complete
extinction of slavery. (Cheers.) Comparisons had been made between
the peasantry of this country and the slaves. How could there be com-
parison between freedom and a state where the highest stations wag open
to the enterprising, whatever might be his birth, and the slave deprived of
liberty, and subjected to the lash of a drivel ? As to the proposed com-
mission of inquiry, he admitted that its only effect, if not object, must be
delay. (Hear.)
Sir It. PEEI, hoped that the most cautious language would be used,
and that, looking round to what was passing in the world, he thought
all would admit its importance. Having given education, having
made concessions, ought they to raise hopes that they might not be im-
mediately prepared to gratify If they were not prepared at once to
extinguish slavery, why talk of the merchandise in human beluga!
What could be the tendency but to promote civil, barbarous, and un.
mitigated conflict ? The question ought to be carefully and prudently
promoted, for whatever might be the result no good could be effected
but by the gradual promotion of the question.
Lord A LTIIORP admitted the great importance of the question.
He, hue ever, trusted that all would be careful not to use inflammatory
language, and to avoid exaggerated stalemate. He had always con-
tended fir the emancipation of the negroes, and that it should take place
at the earliest possible period. The period had not arrived; but to be
prepared for that event, they ought to use every possible effort to render
the negrocs worthy of emancipation, by bettering their condition, and
improving their morals. They ought to he retied to such a state, that
when emancipation arrived, it might be used for the benefit of the objects
of it. and not for their destruction. To promote immediate emancipation—
to effect that emancipation now, would inflict as great evils on the al..ves,
as it would produce injury to the proprietors. He was quite prepared
to add, that it was the duty of the government to make every effort—to
promote all practicable improvement amongst the slaves, and to ad.
vance them in civilization as much as possible, in order that they might
be prepared for their just emancipation— fur that great object which a
civilised nation ought to have constantly its view. As several members
had spoken on this subject, he could not forbear making these few re-
marks.
Mr. O'CONNELL would ask what they called compensation : those
gentlemen who were contending for or consenting to it, could not devise
a more effectual barrier to emancipation. The hon baronet has talked
of not using language to excite feelings; but if we are to do an act
of justice we must not stand still—there was a strong call upon our
sympathies when there were men and women, our fellow subjects—
for they were subjecti,of the same king—bending under the lash. It had
been urged about wresting the land from the proprietors ; it was never
meant by any one that he had heard speak on the subject to take the
land of the proprietors, the land would remain the same, and
the negroes would only become like the peasantry of England
who would be compelled from necessity to labour for their living. Some
gentlemen talked of the probability of disturbances ; he (Mr. O'Con-
nell) would tall them of the shame and crime of slavery. If the Hans
Members who spoke thus were mortgaged themselves as the pose
Degrees wars what would they say if they were to be told by norms
having the ascendancy over thew, that they must wait their mos.
Menem The paled war come when it must be done ; and in the mow-
time every measure should be adopted for ameliorating the eenildes of
the slaves, and the period should be fixed for their stand_ ribil•
Bfr ROBERT PEEL said, that every obeetvaden erlllll6llweed
gentleman bad just made was only reiterating the seal nems be (Mr E.

Peel) had expressed. The learned gentleman had said a day should be
fixed for the emancipation ; the honourable baronet had no objection to
that, and if the learned gentleman so clearly saw the possibility of
doing so, why did he not bring in a bill at once for thin 1,...rp05e ?
that the honourable baronet meant to remark was, the indircretion of
altercation in the mean time, and inciting hopes and m.pectidiona Li.st
could not be realized

Al. 111ACA ULM' explained.
The petition laid on the table.
GAME LAWS
The Marquis of CHANDOS gave notice that he would stut
forward Isis motion on the Game Lawa, which ►tood for that night ; he
would postpone it till after the holitisp.

PARLIAIIENTAILY lICFORM.
Lord J. RUSSELL begged that the hon. member fur Colcheqes
would withdraw his motion, which stood for this creaky, on parliamen-
tary reform ; uit was the intention of his lllajcs•e's guru-moons, as
soon as possible after the holidays, to bring in a bill on the most litt.rsl
principles for that purpose.
