- COMMON HAW

when be was by addressed
_ _ _ l.ol%ll,,asuciwaigil • s a scam.,
' ' _ • But the consultation with lawyers to punish being
,terday the 4 was a very numerous meeting at found unavailing, it was thought expedient to conci-
-•!,:dl, to - , the • 'o• the Sheriffs, with Late. When the Noblel4td could nOt grai tTy his
fr,

sh, receive , s report ___. . - - —es -
• Ito their proceedings to procure an audience of disposition, by seeking the fainter, he thought it his best
• lg. for the purpose of laying before his Ma- policy to attempt the latter. As it was not deemed
- foe Resolutions of the lest Common Hall. ; expedient to prosecute hitti (Mr. W.) for a libel, an
:vs ling to the statement of the Sheriffs it appear- appeal was made to his candour and justice on the
' .t they had had some interviews with the Sem:- part of the Noble Lord's friend. To this appeal he
State, in which they applied for an audience - - .f ' attended, and gave all the explanation which candour
.
..
ijesty, in compliance with the directions of and justice could require. 'With that explanation
—ivery, but they foupd their applications una- the parties who appealed expressed themselves per-
irailing. They left a letter with the Secretary of fectly satisfied ; and yet he had been since most
State, expressive of the objects of their applications, , basely misrepresented. It had been said that he had
and to this, the answer was, that it had been laid retracted, but this he denied, for he had nothing to
befine his Majesty, who declined to grant the audi- retract. What he had stated was, that Lord Cas-
enve required, because he had for the liU four years, tlereagh's family received £36,0 a-year horn the
in consequence of the state of his sight, declined to public purse ; and he objected to the opposite state-
receive any addresses and petitions at the levee, and ments made to him by the Noble Lord's friend ; be-
he d'd not feel- It right to make any distinction. I cause he observed, that 10,000 a-year was omitted,
Mier Aldermen Woon and ATKINS had made this which had only been relinquished by the Noble Lord,
end his connections about a month or twotefore ; and
communication, which was received with strong ex-
he also objected to the deduction of the sums paid to
pressious of discontent, clerks or deputies, the whole comity" out of the' pub-
Mr. Envera. stood forwarch.and in moving certain lie purse. But what struck him 0
most parti
Resolutions as expressive of the opinion of the Meet- particularly
Resolutions the Noble Lord's friend professed not to
lug upon this Report, culled to.their recollection the was,
know that certain persons, enjoying considerable sine-
marked censure of the great Lard Chatham, upon cures, were related to the Noble Lord, until he (Mr.
ths Minister w
of his day, for returning an unfavoura- . w.) told hi
ble answer to an Address from the City of Londetn. I Goad that Lord Camden received £30,000 a-year,
m so.—(A general/augh.) When he men-
But how much more censurable was the conduct of
which made the aggregate sum derived from the
that Minister, who absolutely refused even to receive public by Lord Castlereagh's relations £66,000 in-
the Address of that city.—Shouts of /sear, hear 1 stead of £36,000, as he had before mentioned, the
Mr. JONES seconded the Resolutions. Noble Lord's friend expressed surprise. 66 Nay
After the first Resolution had been carried, and the more," observed Mr. Waithman, " the Noble Lord's
second was pot— •.. friend, in alluding to the amount of Lord Camden's
Mr. Sheriff Arerhs presented himself to the Hall, sinecure, stated that he could not reconcile it to his
and in a very elaborate speech endeavoured to shew conscience, nor did he conceive how any honest man
that the Livery never possessed the right of present- could take so much money out of the pockets of the
ing any Address or Petition to his Majesty upon the public, without doing any thing for it, adding, that
Throne. The worthy Sheriff had gone on Er some he was certain Lord Castlereagh did not differ from
time in this strain, with occasional interruptions, but him upon the subject of that sinecure." In conclu-
at length there was a general burst of- indignation, sion, the Hon. Gentleman. said, that he thought it
which rendered it expedient for him to retire. his duty minutely to state these facts, because the
Mr. WAITHMAN then appeared, and was received public were interested in them, and because it was
with acclamations of applause. He pointed out the right to make known the tricks and juggles to which
mistake under which the Honourable Alderman had ' these men resorted, who would sacrifice kindred
been arguing throughout. For that Hon. Gentleman friendship, and candour, to serve their own ends.
had confounded the right of the Corporation to pre- A Gentleman, whose name we could not learn,
sent any Address or Petition to his Majesty upon the proposed the appointment of a Committ6e of twenty
Throne, with that claimed by the Livery on this oc- Members, to watch over the rights of the City of
vision, to present their Address or Remonstrance at London, and to devise the means of guarding against
the Levee. But the refusal to allow the Sheriffs of their violation.
London a personal audience of his Majesty on this But upon Mr. WAITHNIAN recommending the pro-
occasion, was really calculated to excite troth asto- priety of further deliberating about such a measure.
nishment and indignation ; for such a refusal had before it was put to the vote, the Hon. Gentleman
never been attempted before, up to this particular in- was induced to wave his proposition.
stance. It would be recollected, that when his Ma- The several Resolutions were then put and carried
jesty first declined, in 1795, to receive the petitions unanimously.
of the Livery on the Throne, it was prescribed to
present such Petitions at the Levee, and to that pre-
seription it was now prepesed to conform. But Mi-
nisters would not allow of even that conformity.— COURT OF KING'S BENCH, JAN. 24.
They required that the whole thing should be vested This day being the first day of Term, the LORD
in their discretion--either to duty the Address or CHANCELLOR, attended by the Judges, went in state
Resolutions in the fire, or to communicate them to to Westminster Hall, and after the usual ceremonies,
his Majesty. But the Livery shewed a disposition proceeded to open their respective Courts.
even to concede, in some degree, to Ministers. At I Mr. Campbell, the Overseer of the Convicts, re-
tbe list' Common Hall the right was waved to pre- ported to the Court, as usual, the nuniber, state, and
sent a Petition to his Majesty at the Levee, and it was s behaviour of the convicts under his care.
Imposed merely to require a personal audience. For Mr. GAPROW moved for a Rule to shew cause,
the first time, this was denied—for the first time why a criminal information should not issue against
iuce the Revolution this denial took place. Nay, ; Messrs. Cradock and Joy, printers and publishers of
the sentiment that prevailed even previous to the Re- 6 The Anti-Jacobin Review," for a libel on the Rev.
rOlution, when attempts were made to seize our }Dr. Hodson, Principal of Brazen Nose College, Ox-
Charter, shewed how tenacious our ancestors were of ford. The libel complained of, the Learned Coun-
'very thing connected with the right of petitioning• i sel observed, was contained in an article published in
In order to illustrate that sentiment, the Worthy " The Anti-Jacobin Review," in which, after stating
Member read the following extract from the speech of ; several circumstances relative to Dr. Hodson, for the
Sir George Treby, Recorder of London, upon an truth of which they did not pledge themselves, they
interesting argument with regard to the question of i proceeded to state the following circumstances, for
setitioning. the authenticity of which they could von: h—" that
" That the Constitution and Law of the Land had on the death of the late Principal, Dr. Hodson wait-
given to the Subject the right of petitioning and of ed on a Rev. Divine, in the vicinity of London, and
access to the Supreme Governor, to represent to him enquired, whether he intended to offer himself as a
their grievances, and to pray a redress of them ;arid,
candidate ? he received an answer in the negative,
that the same Law give them also a right to state in
but that there was a gentleman, to whom he was then
their petitions those facts and reasons which caused j writing on the subject, who had much better preten-
their grievances, provided those facts are true. Ivolts than himself to the honour. Dr. Hodson, on
66 The facts recited in the petitions were uoques • -
hearing this, immediately offered to convey the letter
tionably true, and even confessed by the King's
in question to the post, his offer was accepted, but
COuncil—the City admitted the King's power to pro-
the atter, for some reason or other, never reached the
rogue Parliament, and did in no sort question it.—
persem to whom it was addressed ; and whilst the
They only insisted, that h was as true, that all their
writer was waiting for an answer from his friend, Dr.
grievances and dangers did proceed from that lawful
Hodson made use of the golden opportunity to secure
but unseasonable, act of the King's, and as there was
his own election." This was the libel complained or.
one part of the Constituticn that gave the King power
Mr. Garrow said, he had an affidavit of Dr. Hodson
to prorogue the Parliament, so there was another
in his hand, which stated, that lie never had seen the
part of the Constitution that gave the Subject an ori.
Rev. Gentleman alluded to in the libel, on the sub-
Irina' right to petition for redress of grievances ;
ject of the election, nor had any conversation with
and that, therefore, to punish a man for spewing in
' him, or received any letter from him to convey to a
his petition those grievances which be desires to be
third person. He was at Liverpool when he received
redressed, and the causes of them, was the same
the invitation to come forward as a candidate, and
thing as to, deny him the right cif petitioning, and
had been unanimously elected, with the exception of
that such a denial would infer oppression aid the
one vote.—Rule granted.
most abject slavery ; for, when the Subjects are mis-
Justifying Bair, and motions of course, occupied
used and grieved, and are denied the liberty to cons- '
the Court the rest of the day.
plain and pray the King to redress those evils, where
are they constitutionally to look for relief ?"
JAN. 2.4.—LEOG 'V. THEIRPE.
Mr. Warrummt then animadverted at some length 1
and with considerable spirit, upon the endeavours of I Mr. PARKE applied for a rule to shew cause why a
the present Administration to injure the right so justly nonsuit should not be entered in this case, which had
estimated by the high authority he had quoted. But been tried before Lord Ellenborough at Guildhall.
these endeavours formed a part of the systematic at- It was an action on a foreign bill of exchange, of
tack which- was making upon the whole Constitution which the defendant was the indorser. No protest
of the Country. According to that Constitution— ' had been produced, and, therefore, the defendant, at
according to the Act of Settlement— it was provided the trial, contended, -that no notice of the dishonour
that no placemen or pensioners, should sit in the having been made to him, the plaintiff must be non-
House of Commons, and yet that House was now , suited. It was, however, then argued, by Mr. Gar-
r.early filled by placemen and pensioners, or those row, as Counsel for the plaintiff, that this was a bill'
who were so by proxy. By the same Act, no fo- which had been granted without value, that of the dis-
'signer was to hold any place of pt ofit or power, either honour of a bill in this situation, if a country bill, no
civil or military, in this country ; but that provision notice was required ; and therefore, that, in like
was totally discarded, and we had now no less then manner, when a bill so circumstanced chanced to be
30.000 foreign troops quartered upon us. And in a foreign bill, that no protest was necessary.
addition to these outrages, it seemed the resolution to The Learned Counsel (Mr. PARKE) now conten-
deny us the right of petitioning. . ded. chat though his Lordship had, at the time, re-
Adverting to the allusions which he had made in fused to nonsuit the plaintiff, !there would be found,
that Hall with regard to Lord Castlereagh, the Hon. on due consideration of two cases which had conic;
Member stated, that be had, since his fast explana- before the Court, the one in the time of Lord Ken-
tion, found, that before he had been applied to by yon, the other in that of the present Lord Chief ins-
the Noble Lord's friends to make that explanation, tice, sufficient ground to question the doctrine laid
legal opinions had been consulted for 10 or 12 days, down by Mr. Garrow, resting, as it did, on one soli-
whether an action could not be maintained against tart' decision.
him, for what he had said in that hall. fa Diptra/ The Court granted the Rule to shew caws.

3UU 111 ai vciy tuna
that the Livery I
ing any Address
Throne. The w
time in this strait
at length there v
which rendered i
Mr. WAITHMI
with acclamatiot
mistake under vi
been arguing thr
had confounded
sent any Addres
Throne, with tl
casion. to preset
the Levee. Bt
London a perso
occasion, was r
n;shment and i
never been atten
stance. It won
jesty first declin
of the Livery o
present such Pel
estiption it was
nisters would tit
They required t
in their diuretic
Resolutions in I
his Majesty. B
even to concede
the last Commo
sent a Petition t
proposed mere!)
the first time,
since the Revoli
the sentiment tl
volution, when
Charter, shewei
every thing con
In order to ill
Member read ti
Sir George T:
interesting argu
petitioning.
That the (
given to the Su
access to the Si
• their grievance:
that the same
their petitions t
their
_grievance
44 The facts
tionably true,
Council—the (
rogue Piuliami
'Cher only insi!
grievances and
but unseasonat
one part of the
to prorogue t
part of the Col
gtnal right tc
and that, then
his petition the
redressed, and
thing as to, de
that such a do
most abject sit
used and griel
plain and pray
• are they consti
• Mr. WAITV
affit with consi
• the present Ad
estimated by
these endeavo
tack which wt.
- of the Countr]
according to t
that no place
House of Con
2.early filled
who were so
IP2igner was tc
civil or milita
was totally di
30,000 foreil
addition to ti.
, deny us the r
- Adverting
that Hall wit
Member statc
tion, found,
the Noble Lc
legal opiniorn
whether an
him, for wha
