THE iIIUTINY BILL.

On the re-admission of strangers,
Lord PA LJIERSTON was on his legs, pressineupon
Hume the expediency of deferring his amendment to the Mutiny
Bill, until the third reading, on account of the lateness of the hour.
Itlr. HUME wished that pablic business, agreeably to the old
rule of the House, should always end at twelve.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER wished the rase
Members of the House to understand, that this supposed rule of
the House was merely a rule of the lion. Member's. He hoped,
however, that the Hon. Member would consent to the proposition.
Sir RONALD FERGUSON urged the same suggestion.
Several Members on the opposition side expressed a hope that the
11012. 'Member for Aberdeen would accede to the arrangement pro-
posed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and at length,
Mr. H,U ME consented, on condition that an open day should be
appointed for the third reading.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said be was too'
happy to accommodate the Hon. Member—( A laugh.) He might
have the pleasure of opening a debate on Friday the 9th of March.
Mr. H UME hoped that good faith would be kept with him.—
( Laughter).
The Report was then brought up and agreed to, and the Bill was
ordered to be read a third time on the 9th of March.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned at Haw•raas Two.va o'Ctoce.

MINORITY 01P THIRTY-NINE WHO VOTED AGAINST THE

GRANT TO THE DUKE Or CLARRNGE.
Rice, S. Guest, J. J. Ranchire, Lord
Bernal, R. Easthope, .1. Robins, A. W.
Baring,Sir T. Gordon, Robert Clifton, Lord
Biking, S. Mona, J. B. Crompton, S. -
Itichford, W. Wells, John Wood, J. (Preston)
&bright, Sir J. Whitmore, W. W. Wood, Aid.
Webb, Colonel Waldman, Aid. Martin, John
Guise, Sir W. Davenport, Edward Lumley, J. S.
Thompson, C. R. Widtbread, W. H. Caulfield, Hoc. H.
Pane, John Lambe, E. Hobboose, J. C.
Denison, Joseph Langston, J. N. Protheroe, Edward
Ferguson, Sir R. Warburton, Henry Tellers.
Hariey, 11. W. Ponsosby, Hon. G. Heron, Sir Robert
Folkston., Lord Ponsonby, Hon. W.. Hume, Joseph

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1827.
STOCK EXCHANOR, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The near approach of the Budget, together with the repott that
Ministers will require assistance, either by Loan or Funding, as
well as the unfavourable accounts from Lisbon, appears to affect
the Consol market, which at present remains rather stationary.—
Consols, which left off yesterday at 811 for the Account, opened
this morning at the same price, and soon after reached 82, when..
eminent broker appeared in the market, and sold fifty thousand,
which caused them to decline again to 811 4. At the opening of
the market, a good deal of business was done ; but at preient the
market is inactive.
In the Foreign market, little is doing at present.
CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.
In consequence of the French Rentes coming higher,the Consol
Market has somewhat improved, and they may be quoted at present
sq for the Account.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock India Stock 2454 244
3 per Cent. Red. Shut. Bonds 57 55
3 per Cent. Cons. 811 1 82 Old Annuities
84 per Cent. £lOOO Exchequer Bills 38 34
34 per Cott. Red. Shut. £5OO Ditto 38 34
4 per Cent. New 97 964 974 £lOO and £2OO Ditto 38 35
4 p r Cent. 1826, 984. Advertised 35
Long Annuities, 191 1 9.16 Consols for Acct. 611 4 21 E 2/ 2

_
Ft/HEWN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazilian 800d5,5 p Ct. 66 651 Peruvian Bonds 6p C. 541
L 0ic...1,141 hoods, ii p Ct. Portuguese 1355. 5 p C. 76/
Ditto &Is, 1824, 381 39 Russ. lids, 1822,5 pC. 861
t 0. Act 39 Span. Bongs 5 p Ct. 13'121 151
Greek Bondi, S p Ct. Do. Acct. 131 1
I
Do. Bonds, 1825, 5 p C. 163 Ditto Bonds 182.5. 5 p C. 71
Meg Ud5.1525 6 p Ct. 68 671 Fr. Rents,. 5 p C. 101 E 50c.
Do. Ace. 68 7j siji j . Exchange, 251 59c
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SILARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
etas,. Falb
Brazilian 100 20 301 30 i
Potosi La Paz & Peru.. Aso. 50 5 .81 10s sel lls
British Rock and Patent Salt 10 61 56
FeeNcir Fuuns.—Five per cents. 1016 40c. Three per cents.
09f. 15c.

We received at a Luc hour this morning the Etoile of
Thursday, by Express. It does not contain any news
of importance, either from Portugal or Spain; but .a
private letter by the Express states, that a telegraphic
dispatch has been received, announcing that General
LONGA has been put upon his trial, with some other
Officers. This proceeding, in all probability, is a mere
farce, got up for the purpose of misleading the world
with respect to the real intentions of the Spanish Mo-
narch. The following is an extract from the Lioile

CONSTANTINOPLE, JAxuARY 46.

The arrests continue since the discovery of the last
conspiracy, and the agitation of the public is gicattr
than ever. According to the last accoun•s from the
Archipelago, the Greeks are fellowing up their advan-
tages, and the communication with Ibrahim and the
Seraikier is cut off. The Greeks are impatiently wait-
ing the arrival of lltheaupierre, with whom tt.e confer.
ences will be seriously resumed, in conjunction with Mr
Stratfvrd Canning. The Gazette from Augshuig states,
from Trieste, that since Gen. Fabvier is in the c ipital of
Athens, the Tucks have colitiourd to bombard Or
town. The Colonel had asked for an immediate supply

• •
of provisidsnr, as Colonel Bourballi has determined to
join him with 500 men, and 1,800 under other Chiefs•
was OF THI DAY.

We learn that the General who commands the Army
of Observation has already received secret orders from
the Minister Calomarde to enter Portugal, when an
occasion offers, and to aid the Portuguese royalists. A
Proclamation against the English has been distributed
in the army, and in all, the towns, without the know•
.edge of the King.—Coustitutionnel.

In the letter from Lisbon of the 21st ult. which we
published yesterday,' there is an allusion to the dis-
covery of a very extensive conspiracy; and in some
papers, which we give to-day, will be found the clearest
proofs, not only of its existence, but of its formidable
character. Amongst the lately captured baggage of '
the rebels, was discovered a chest, containing their
correspondeke with their secret partisans is several
parts of the kingdom, of which General &man, Go-
vernor of Oporto, caused immediate copies to be
taken, befori he transmitted them to the proper
authorities at Lisbon. This extreme precaution from
the number of powerful persons, including several
MeMbers of the two Chambers, seems to have
been necessary, as then would, no doubt, have
used all their influence to procure their suppression.
There is a report, though we hope it is not true, that
most of the native merchants in the Portuguese capital
figure in this correspondence as pecuniary contributors ;
but should 'their guilt be substantiated, perhaps the
best way of dealing with them would be to compel
them to pay down twice as much for the aid of the
Constitutional cause as they have contributed towards
the support of legitimacy: All the convents of Lisbon,
with the single exception of St. Bento, are also charged
with having pursued the same guilty course ; and
we are not surprised at this, knowing the rooted
aversion of their inmates to every species of re-
' form. This correspondence, it will be seen, bas
been the subject of a formal discussion in the Chem.
ber of Deputies, in the course of which several Memben
displayed a spirit and courage worthy of the emergency,
as well as of the noble cause in which the people. of
POI CU,

igal are now embarked. It will be also seen that
their speeches were warmly applauded,and that they also
carried their point, in spite of considerable apposition,
of having the Papers taken into consideration. This soo•
cess, together with the strong marks of approbation they,
had previously received, shews that the great majority of;
the Chambers are staunch in their attachment to tic
new institutions, and possess the courage, requisite et
is eventful crisis. In the meantime, the letter of,
MONTEALIORI to the QUEEN MOTILE*, supplies
ebendaot matter for reflection; and the proofs, which
it contains of the complicity of King FERDINAND in
this odious rebellion, require no comment. —lt
would be also a waste of reproof to bestow it upon
such a man; whilst there is but one way to prevent
him from doing future mischief, and this is to take the
power out of his hands. The account which is given of
the intrigues and dissensions of the rebel chiefs is most
entertaining, and shews how worthy they are of the in•
famous cause in which they are embarked.

Jamaica Papers have been received this morning at
the North and South Americus Coffee House to the'
17th January. By the arrival of the Harlequin at Port
Royal, in four days from Port-au-Prince, the following
letter has been received:

" HAYTI, JASWAIY Is.
ft The commerce of this country is all but annihi-
lated, and confidence is entirely destroyed. There is no
money in circulation, and but very little produce, and
that worth but a mere trifle. Foreign produce of
all kinds is high. Never was this country in such distress
as at this moment. Such is the state of the Treasury,
that they have issued an Ordonnance for putting a Paper
medium in circulation, which, agreeably to the Procla-
mation of the President, was to have taken place on the
Ist Oct. but it has not yet appeared, probably on account
of the foreign *Bacchants of Port-au-Prince having sent in
a Petition to the Presieent, praying him to defer putting
the Paper in circulation for six months, in order to
give them an opportunity for closing their affairs, as a
preparatory measure to their leaving the country. All
the Generals commanding the different arrondissements
are called upon to hold a grand assembly at Port-au-
Prince on 20th of this month, for what purpose it is not
yet known; bat we are encouraged to hope that it may
result in something which may serve to revive the
drooping hopes of this suffering community. lam
inclined to think that the Government begins to
be aware of its danger, and would, if it were possible,
be glad to back out; but the Chief and his adherents
to the French have committed themselves so egregiously,
that their hands are completely tied, and they have
no means of extricating themselves from absolute
slavery and dependance, except by breaking entirely
their connection with France.
"The gloomy foreboding which we uniformly antici
pated, and entertained after the first glimpse we had of
the Or donnanee of the King, 17th April, 1895, are more
than verified, and we only make a quotation from that
,mastertriece of French adroitness, to give you and the
universe an adequate conception of our " full and entire
misery," and of the actual absolutely precarious state
of our affairs, both in the interior and exterior, such
and so terrible are the (feet, produced by that gracious
Act of Charles X. the Liberal (as he was called by his
slaves, tools, and tools, at Port-au-Prince), for suspend-
ing over their heads chains, vassalage, and misery.
4. You have heard that Generals Nord, Prophet, and
rothea, were arrested on account of :heir having been
considered traitors to their counts y, for hiving expt eAed
scum doubts relative to the good faith of the Friruch

:.., - :

. . .

Aro:

Ckreernment in their treaty with Hari; thef are Al at
liberty, and those of them who would accept of their
former employment, have bren reinstated."
New York Papers to the 4th of February have also
been received. They state that there was a rumour
in town that Government had ordered the naval force
on the Philadelphia and New Yolk station to be fitted
for sea, but the rumour could not be traced to any au-
thentic source. It adds, a force may be necessary
near the Brazils, or for observation in the neighbour-
hood of Cuba, but we see no prospect of a war with
anv European Power.

Brazilian
7 . Dicta Bi
t o. Aec
•
Greek I.k
' Do. Bond
Ties Ws.
Do. Acc
• B.RITU
)4 Brazilian
Potosi la
•• British 11
Filmic
6101. 15c.
Wet
• .
Thursd
.., ' of imp
private
. '', •
dispatc
i.
.• LONGA
Officer
i
farce,;
with r
i
st
I arch.
I
$ ) The
conspi
. . .
than e
Archi
tages,
Serail
ii ing th
ences
i
I
t"1
l; Strati
from
Miter
town.
.i
' •
•
.. •
. .
' •
•
