x. ;

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

' •
ZELA is most respectfully informed, that bnth her Letters haws
been received, and will receive the earliest attention.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
KING WILLIAM LANDED.--NO business at the Stock Exchange•
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.

Bank Stock '237 2361 2371
1 per Cent. Re& 661 67 6611
3 per C. Cons. 67
4 per Cent. 831 81.1 83
5 per Cent. Navy 9911
Long Ann. 181 5-16

India Bonds 52.69. pr.
Imp. Ann. 74 7-16
Ex. Bills 92. 62. pre.
Omnium, *l5 Pr.
Statt. Lottery Tickets, 211. 15s.
Cons. for acc. 67if

Some more Dutch papers and letters have arrived,
from which we have given a few extracts ; but the
principal article of intelligence which either of these
contains relates to the opening of the Session of the
French Legislative body.

A full copy of NAPOLEON'S address upon this occa-
sion does not appear in any of the letters or papers
we have seen ; but several of the letters contain ex-
tracts of this important document. In the general
outline they all agree, but in some particulars they
differ a little, which has induced us to lay more than
one before our readers.

EXTRACT OF THE MESSAGE OF HIS IMPERIAL MAJESTY
TO THE LEGISLATIVE BODY, ON THE 2.5 TH OCTOBER.
44 Russia and Denmark are united, with me against
England.
44 America has preferred to renounce Commerce
and the Sea, rather than to recognize slavery.
44. I set off in a few days to put myself at the head
of my army, and, with the help of GOD, to crown
in Madrid the sing of Spain, and to plant my eagles
on the forts of Lisbon.
44 I cannot do other than congratulate myself on
the sentiments of the Princes of the Confederation of
the Rhine.

" Switzerland daily feels more and more the be-
nefits of the Act of Mediation.
" The people of Italy give me only new subjects
of satisfaction.

" The Emperor cf KAMM and myself have had an
interview at Erfurth. Our first thought has been a
thought cf peace. We have even res.dved to make
some sacrifices the sooner to obtain, if it be possible,
for the hundred millions of men whom we represent,
the blessings of a maritime peace. We are of the
same mind, and invariably united both for peace and

war."

Another letter states, that NAPOLEON, in his Ad-
dress, after giving a cursory view of the state of the
French Empire in respect to its internal situation,
speaks of its external relations as follows :
" That Russia and Denmark are joined with him
in the war against England—that he is perfectly sa-
tisfied with the conduct and dispositions of the Princes
of the Confederation of the Rhine—that the Swiss
nation has deserved his confidence ; and that the expe-
rience of every day shews the advantage they have de-
rived from the act of mediation—that. the people of
Italy are fully sensible of the value of being con-
nected with, and protected by France—that the
Americans persevere in the embargo, and would ra-
ther relinquish for ever the benefits of commerce,
than accede to any arrangements destructive of the
principle of the freedom of the seas."
After this Exposition, he next proceeds to inform
the Assembly, " that he has had a meeting with his
Ally the Emperor of Russia, with whom he had fre-
quent communications respecting the state of Europe.
In this great Sovereign he discovered a conformity of
sentiment ; and the first wish of both was peace. Such
was ;their anxiety to obtain this blessing, and to re-
store the benefits of maritime commerce to one hun-
dred millions of people, that they were disposed to
make considerable sacrifices. With this view he had,
in conjunction with the Emperor of RusstA, sent pro-
posals to the British Government, the answer to
which would determine the future conduct of France
and her Ally. Should it be unfavourable, it was his
resolution to put himself immediately at the head of
his armies in Spain, place his brother on the throne of
that country, and plant the French Eagles in all the
strong holds of Portugal. The Address concludes
with declaring that the Emperor of Russta was ani-
mated by the same sentiments, and that he was
equally determined to prosecute the war with vigour
on his side, in case the proposals which they transmit-
ted to the Court of St. James's should he rejected."
Some of the letters mention as a circumstance de-
serving of notice, that the address makes no mention
of either Austria or Holland.
The silence observed respecting the last, only shews
how strictly Nativism; considers it A part of his well-
secured property—but not even to name Austria in
suns a document, gives ample room fos speculation.
