PA 4_Tti 1.4 M T PRO;;EEL,INGS.

HOUSE OF ISIRDS, FEBRUARY S.
In the Appeal Cattle Nicetp,-1,:-y. Bart. and others,
Trustees or William, Ws: :it he of Q Francis,
Earl of Wens's*, sod Iltarrh, hi-. I.sWeis and Mr. J\IF
were heard, rs• great length, for the keckooder.r.—Further pru-
ceettink,s oil Frhiriy.
Mr. Hyatt from th: Comm!rsimera for the Redudion of
the blatiorai elebr, presented, ts.r...int to Act it Parliament,
the Acemiot f:r tL Year g the is: of Issniary last.—Also
on Axcousit of tire Sums rrArs,tsatti to the said Commissioners
in rx.:!.at.g» for Life Anwar • •s, up to the same Period,
gultfor!”. the linf year. lio4s which wore WA on the Table.

ix:l4llw S rilArneks.

Soot after the C•ains I had witkleavm, their Lord-
ships, putsuan: to the. Cr Jet of yesterday, proceeded
to ballot f,,r a Comfort:cc of Eleven Lords, to take
into crnsidtrati-n and report upon the Papers and
Dornntents communicated to the ! louse by command
of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent.
The gl.ssio were regularly handed round by the
Clerks to the Peers present, who each, with two or
t: tee exceptions, dt-positcd • thtir lists of names
therein. A Commi:iee of Seriniay. consisting of five
Peers, wits Oen appointed to critnine the lists, and
to report the names of the Lords who lied the ma-
k:ride: upon the ballot. Their Lordships accord-
ingly withdrew tor the purpose.
In a few minutes the Committee returned, and
the Earl of Alt kI.DILEN reported to the House, that
the tollowing Peers were chosen on the ballot, vie.
The Loin r.!tioNCELLoa Earl of Pow •
Earl or Haanowny Earl of ST. L.LItAI/111N3
The Duke of tlioroin Viscount Siemer
Duke of MON sage Lord Gacivrt.c
Earl of Livia YOWL Lord ktDESDALIC.
Earl FsTIL WILLIAM
DECIS: VII VICTORY AT ALGIERS.
'Soon after, Lord Viscount Exmovrif, accompa-
eed by his Royal Highness the Duke of C_Lanksca,
entered the House. When the Noble and Gallant
LOrd appeared in his place,
The LORD CHANCELLOR rose for the pur-
pose of communicating personally to him their Lord-
ships' recent Vote of Thanks, which he pretaced
with an introduction to the following effect :
Lord Viscount EXMOUTH— I am commanded
by the Lords to acquaint you, that this House, in
tile discharge of a great public duty, has thought
proper to piss unanimously, a Vote of Thanks to
your Lorlship for your gallant and most able and
meritorio.us conduct, in carrying into full effect the
orders received by your Lordship on the part bf his
Majesty's Government, in an attack upon the town
anti fortifications ot Algiers, which led to the impor-
tant and glorious result of the liberation of the Chris-
tian Slaves detained in that town and Pert; and far-
ther, to the abolition of Christian slavery for ever.
In this great and important measure, whieli so greatly
tends to enhance the lustre of the British name and
character, the Haute, in the course ot its delibera-
tions ova this subject, saw, with high satisfaction,
that the plan of this great achievement was formed
by your Lordship's skill and judgment; and that
chi.fly by your valour and intrepidity the great
achievement was performed. Such a display of your
Lordsliip's skill and judgment, valour and intrepi-
dity, cannot fail to elevate and rank your name
wills those illustrious men who have the most emi-
nently contributed to establish the naval superiority
1 and glory of this country. For my own part, my
Lord, I slr.all not presume to detain the House, whilst
I should endeavour to do justice to your houourable
lame and great naval character. I shall proceed to
communicate to you:. Lordship the honour of the
Thanks of this House, In that form in which they
we:e voted by then .Lordships :

" Resolved, mry er cAtr.t.iunts, by the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, in Parhanitnt assembled, that tbe Thanks of this
House be giveu to Admiral Edward Lord Viscount Einsouth,
C.B. for hi, very able and gallant conduct in suecesstully
directing the attack upoa the batteries and naval Smoot Algiers.
on the 117th of August, line."

Lord Viscount•EXMOUTH then addressed the
House to the following effect :—Aker the high en-
comiums, my Lords, upon my conduct, which have
fallen from the Noble Lord who has so honoured me,
it is impossible that I can express, by any language
of mine, what 1 feel on this most iitpcietaint occasion.
I trust, my i..olds'
- I shall receive fro& thrt; (MSC,
and the Noble Lord who has so eloqnsgotly, ized
reg
me, full credit for the feelings of grown and re-
spect with which I am animated; stay, with which,
in nay present situation, I feel myself .pverwbelmed,
at these expressions of approbation and applause of
my execution of the orders which I had the honour
to receive from his Royal Highness the .Prince Re-
ran. It is impOssible for me to find language ode-
quite to the expression of my feelings on this occa-
sion. My Lords, I have been for more than 4.0 seats
of my life in the naval service of my King and Coon.
try. and have been present in numerous sictions. On'
this Occasion, I moat do justice to the assistance I re-
claimed from the bravery and exertions of Rear-Ad-
miral Sir David Milne: and to the assistance of Vice-
Admiral Capellen, and the brave Officers and men
.under his command: I was also much indebted, as
well as to the activity and bravery of the men in the
squadrons of both nations. I may venture to say,
my Lords, aithout fear 'of contradiction, that tl.e,
Naval Annals of Great Britain do not product an
instance where any attack was more boldly or ener-
getically persevered in. I cannot sufficiently express
say feelings at finding the service which I had the
honour to perform so highly honoured and applaud-
ed. To the Noble Lord, who, in so eloquent, dig-
nified, and impressive a manner, has communicated
to me the 'Thanks of the House, I feel so lunch ob-
liged, that the recollection of it will never be effaced
from my Mind. I am sure that those gallant Officers
and brave men whom I had the honoor to command,
and to whom I shall be proud apd happy to commu-
nicate the honour of your Lordships' 'Vote; will pro-
perly entettain a grateful sense of the high honour
so conferred upon them. With satisfaction I shall
convey to. my brave associates my testimony of the
high honour so conferred upon them in the applause
and 'approbation of this ll,nise ; and 'Rich, I am
tenths, will be received by all of them lewd: samb
feelings of respect and gratitude with which I am
' 4
myself impressed.
After the. Noble 'and Gallant AffiiiiraA had con.
chided.
Viscount MELVILLE moved, that the Address
of the Lord Chancellor, on communicating the
Thanks of the House to Admiral Lcrd Viscount
Exmouth, and the Answer of the Noble Viscount to
the same, be entered Upon the Journals.— Ordered.

The Duke of CLARENCE observed. that the
successful result of thiesPedition to Algiers might
be ranked amongst the moss brilliant exploits in
annals of thecouptry.. • It bad been said in foreign
counti ies, upon former occasions, Om we had fought
for our Owe private interests, without regard to the
welfire of other States. The present instance, he;
was happy to say, afforded a complete refutation oft
tl:is erroneous notion: At peace with -every Power
we sent this expedition for the sake of the general
terests of Christianity and humanity. and every
Christian Power must feel the great and inestimable'
benefits resultihg from its gterititts and successful re-
sult. He warmly and cordially joined in every
praise given to Lord Exmouth, whose character and
silents he highly estimated, and whose skill, judg-
mei', and ealcur, displayed in this expedition, re-
flected the highest honour upon the country. His
Itt:yal Highness concluded by moving, that the
Speeches of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Vis:ount
Lititiouth, should be printed and published. Ordered.
Adjourned till to-morrow (this day.)
iiM:SE OF COMMONS.
Lerd GEORGE UERESFORD appeared at the Bar, andie-
fortred the House, that eta Royal litent•as the Prince Reran
had received their Address of Cone-mutation on the Neriais of
her Royal Highness the Princess Mary and the Duke of Glow-.
caerz, and several other Addresses, prtyi.ig fur certain Papers,
witi,h be had ordered should be laid before them.
