IRISH NEWSPAPERS.

(it HART presented a petition from the Letter Press Printers
of bor..lcollerry, against the imposition of any additional tax or duty
oar Trish newspapers; and strongly recommended the petition to
the attention of the house and of his majesty's government.
sir J. BR YDGES hoped the right hon. the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer would reconsider his proposition for gualising the Stamps
on Newspapers and Duties on Advertisements in England and Ire.
land. He must always object to any measure which had a tendency
unnecessarily to lay restrictions on the Press; although he admitted
that the Press in Ireland was, at the present moment, a little licen.
tious. Ile bore his testimony to the respectability of the petitioners,
and was perfectly satisfied that their motives were good.
Mr. MOORE observed, that with respect to the licentiousness of
the press, he was persuaded that the press itself was its best cor-
rector—{hear, hear.) He took the opportunity of declaring that the
wishes of the present petitioners, as well as those expressed in the
other petitions on the subject which bad been and might be ex. '
pected, would in every stage of the business have his warmest
support.
Mr. SPRING RICE expressed his cordial assent to the prayer
of the petition ; and trusted that it would meet with the support of
the great majority of the house. Above all the English members
ought to consider that the measure propose. by the Chancellor of
the Exchequer was calculated not only to annihilate the press ir.
Iceland, but to diminish the Revenue. The revenue derived front
the stamps on newspapers, and the duties on advertisements in Ire-
land, had gradually sunk from 26,0001. to 14,0001. and that was
the moment which the Right Honourable Gentleman had se-
lected for the purpose of trying the experiment of an additional tax
on the Irish newspaper press ! If, however, the proposed measure
were calculated to add to the revenue, instead of to diminish it, it
would still meet with his opposition, as tending to diminish, if not
destroy, thefreedom of the press in Ireland. He rejoiced to find that
there was a perfect unanimity of opinion upon this subject among
the Irish members; and that while they acknowledged that the free-
dom of the press was the best controul over their actions, their first
wish was to maintain that freedom to its fullest extent.
Mr. O'CONNELL observed, that the subject was one of too
much importance to Ireland to allow him to remain entirely silent
upon it. The object of the proposed measure was to annihilate the
hewleaper press in Ireland ; for nothing else could be the result of
additional duties under existing circumstances. As to the licen.
tiousness of the Irish press, the only description of It which be knew
was the license it frequently took in praising persons who did not
deserve to be praised. He never, however, knew any action for
libel brought upon that score. Flattery and falsehood were pro.
tected, while truth was punished. He trusted that the object—it
could not be the revenue—which his Majesty's government had in
view in this attack on the Irish press—would be signally defeated.
Mr. FEROUSSON said, that although he was not a member for
the sister island, he should be ashamed of himself if he did not
avow his concurrence in the opinions of the several hon. gentlemen
who preceded him. He was for no additional taxation on Ireland in
the present situation of that country If .he taxes of the two coun.
tries were to be assimulated, it must be either by raising the taxation
of Ireland to the taxation of England, or by lowering the taxation of
England to the taxation of Ireland. Now he should be always
ready to vote for the latter proposition, but never for the former. An
hon. member opposite had spoken of the present licentiousness of
the press in Ireland. If the proposed tax were to be inflicted, there
would be no newspaper press at all in that country; or it must be a
dependent press, supported by funds, supplied, either on the one
hand by the government, or on the other hand by the people.
The petition was then brought up, read, and ordered to be
printed.

NEW STREET FROM WATERLOO BRIDGE.
Lord BELGRAVE presented a petition from St. Paul's, Covent-
garden, complaining of the small communication between the north
and south parts of the town, and praying that Government would
take advantage of existing circumstances to open a communication
from Waterloo-bridge to Tottenham-court-rod
Mr. HosHoun was desirous to support the prayer of the pe.
Litton ; and he had another petition of a similar tendency to present
to the house. The greatest public advantage would arise from
building the street required, and the public money might be applied
to much worse purposes.
Lord LOWTHER was not at all disposed to deny the great be.
nefit of the proposed street, but his only objection was as to who
should pay the expenses. The funds of the department over which
he presided were forestalled for years to come in the improvements
at Charing-cross. The improvements both of Regent-street and
Charing-cross run through a line of Crown property, the first
yielding about 2i per cent. and the latter would likewise yield a
revenue. In the line from Waterloo-bridge the Crown pouessed no
property whatever, but the Woods and Forests were willing to in-
cur an expence of 20,0001. in relation to the new street, where it
would'ad the former site of Exeter 'Change.
Sir J. YORKE said the proprietors of Waterloo Bridge had ex-
pended a capital of ono million, and the returns were on a very mo-
derate scale. The bonds paid five per cent. the annuities one and a
quarter per cent. and the original proprietors were quite cleared out.
In modern language they were totally done up. The bridge had
greatly improved the value of the lands in the Duchies of Cornwall
and Lancaster, and the lands of the See of Canterbury had arisen
in value from 5001. to 5,0001 a-year ; 20,0001. had been paid as
duty upon the stone, besides other augmentations to the Excise._
to June, 1815, the house had addressed the Crown to erect a
monument to the Glory of the Victory of Waterloo, and the Prince
Regent had assented to the address. (Hear, hear. Now the only
monument of the sort was this Waterloo-br for the pro.
prieton at that time changed the name from the (rand-bridge to
lige,
that of Waterloo-bridge. Government, therefore, might meet the',
public convenience upon the present occasion. The expense of the
new street to Charles-street would be 45,000(. and from Charles.
street to Long-acre, with the Crescent opposite the Theatre, would
cost 75,290!. Afterwards the line would run through a miserable
set of old dilapidated houses. There could be no doubt that a re.
turn of St per cent would be yielded upon the outlay of capital.
The time for this'great improvement was most convenient, and be
hoped that Ministers would adopt a plan so conducive to the health
atti sonvenience of the public.—(loud cheers.)
Sir JAMES GRAHAM wished to know if the noble lord (Low.
thcr) had paid, or intended to pay the 250,0001. which bad been
taken by him into his department from the funds paid by the French
,government for a very deferent purpose? 1
l• The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that ins short
period he would submit to the house a resolution respecting the sub.
ject adverted to by the hon. baronet.
Lord LOWTHER said that he had already paid to the Trea-
sury a small portion of the 250,0001. in question (a laugh).
The petition was then ordered to be printed.
Several petitions were presented, the purport of which we were
usable to ascertain.

1111UPOWKERS.
Mr. Aid. WAlTHMANpresented a petition from the shipownas
of Leedom, praying for protection against foreign competition, and
emplaning of distress. The hon. Alderman contended that a
ammilttee should be granted to inquire into the subjeet. Though the
imageudght have increased, it was quite certain, from returns be-
fo house, that the building of ships had decreased. There was
also a decrease in the number of British ships that puled the Sound.
Zeseremore in 1829 as competed with 1827 in the number that passed
was 992,while the increase in foreign shipping within that
peeled wa511,096. The number of ships built and registered in 1826
was 1411, in 1827, 1,4601 in 1828, 1,136, and in 1829, 1,076.
The Committee of 1821 gave It as their opinion, that suddenly to
give up the prohibitory system would be a most dangerous sod vi-
My.sebasee. For this they gave very good coons; and yet, in
ath of this opinion, they proceeded to act upon those princi..l
pies which brought the shipping interest to a state of ruin. He
might be referred to the official returns to prove the flourishing state
of the country, but nothing was more vain than such returns. No
Vece could be placefon them.
rnollowing is a copy of the petition :
That your petitioners approach your honourable house, to repre.
sent that in the general distress whith sisal all classes of the em.
pin, there exists none mare inane and eimaitigated than that of
the ship owners, and to pray thatetbi _j - will grant them that
fei
encouragement and proceed= from competition, the with.
drawal of which, by the alteration i: tn navigation and colonial
laws, and entering into the treaties of ty, have reduced the
apical of you paidoners to nearly one f its former value, and
Imre reduced heights to so low a not to leave any femme.
ration for the capital of your even in its diminished value.
That your petitioners, w addaising your honourable house,
:lion
cutlet but regret that the great so necessary, and so long
Mffinainedo of giving to native industrf also
espied in order to the support different daises of society,
should ever have bean to foreigners ; a protection
which hadatedved the =Rodeo ages, as the best bulwark and
secerity -et *caste, nnd its peatended colonies and cast.

metes; and in its practical dhoti had increased the wealth and
prosperity of the people...sad they cannot but call to mind, that
when the alterations alluded to were pending, the shipowners sub-
mitted to the legislature and the government in the most constitu-
tional mode, their firm and decided conviction, that if those
alterations were persisted in the consequences would not only
prove highly injurious and ruinous to the commercial marine, but
eventually destroy the means on which the naval ascendancy of the
country rested.
That so much cheaper are foreign shipping navigated, that the
alien duties even when imposed on cargoes imported in foreign
bottoms, were never equal to the higher expenses incurred in navi-
gating British ships, so that foreign ships had always an advantage
over the British ; but when the miscalled treaties of reciprocity were
brought into operation, the duties so collected no longer found their
way into the Exchequer, as the national check upon foreign com-
petition, but were left in the pockets of foreigners to act, and is now
acting, as a bounty against the British.
That your petitioners had conceived, before these alterations were
inflicted upon them, that it was morally impossible that illusion
and theory could triumph over practical testimony, when borne out
by long experience, in the soundness of the laws regulating the
foreign trade of the country, and had persuaded themselves that a
sense of justice must continue to them a protection, so long as re-
strictions were itnposel to build, equip, victual, and man their ships
in England, thereby forcing them to purchase all materials, and
employ the native labour of this highly-taxed kingdom : although
your petitioners are perfectly satisfied that the restrictions imposed,
arc for the wisest purposes, and that common prudence ought to
forbid the abrogation of those restrictions.
That while your petitioners admit this in principle, they cannot
but feel acutely, the injustice of exposing them unprotected to a
competition at once ruinous in its present results, and hopeless as
to future prospects. Your petitioners, therefore in justice to
themselves, claim what all other classes actually enjoy; they
claim an equal measure of the protection which is given to all
other classes of the :tom:flunky, as it is quite evident no protec-
tion is now extended to them, the unmitigated severity of Free
Trade having been placed in operation on the Ship-Owner, alone,
and the consequences to your petitioners have been a ruinous sacs i.
flee of their property.--And your petitioners will have much reason
to complain, if they are to continue the single exception to the ge.
neral rule of a protective system, they claim being equal to others,
but if the time has arrived to break down the system of protection,
than let common justice be administered to all classes.
Your petitioners are aware that the coasting and the direct cola
I nial trades, are still reserved, but from this reserve British shipping
derive no support as regards remuneration, as the foreign tonnage
admitted into the freight market levels all freights to the same
standard of depression ; and so eager were ship owners to escape
from the evils of the reciprocity System in the European trades, that
the Indian and all other seas have been crowded with British yes.
sell in search of employment, and the same ruinous consequences
have followed to the most distant parts of the globe.
That your Petitioners are prepared to prove, that all the conse-
quences predicted from such a system have been fully realised; that
such sacrifices have been made as no set of men ever before either
made, or were called upon to submit to, that of competing, unpro-
tected by duties on foreigners, who can navigate at so much less ex.
pence. And that this competition has ruined great ,umber of
ship-owners, and will eventually involve in ruin all those who are
so unfortunately situated as to be compelled to carry on so unequal
a competition; and without carrying on that competition their ships
must be laid up to rot.
That your petitioners are sorry to observe, that whenever they
crave a consideration into the very peculiar situation in which they
are placed, the amount of the shipping tonnage is held out as a
sufficient answer to their claim, but your petitioners submit that
whether the amount of tonnage be great or small, it cannot alter
their right to have the common protection of the realm.
Your Petitioners know that the repeal of the Combination Laws
induced ship-owners and ship-builders to take apprentices, and that
this, with the great excitement held out to those who were credulous
enough to believe the mis-called reciprocity system an improvement,
had the effect of keeping up the tonnage against the natural depres.
sion, caused by foreign competition, but those impressions have now
given way, and the ship-builders have suffered with the ship.own.
ers ; for notwithstanding the increased population and the conse-
quent demand for colonial and foreign produce, the amount of ton-
nage is decreasing, the stimulus of remuneration is taken away, and
few or none will be found embarking on so hazardous a profession
without that stimulus.

That the decrease on tonnage, while the population and consump-
tion are on the increase, is perhaps the strongest proof that can be
adduced of the depression of the shippinginterest, particularly when
the interest on money is so low, that if any return was to be had,
capital would be employed in keeping up tonnage.
Your petitioners therefore earnestly pray, that your honourable
house will immediately take into your consideration the depressed
state of British shipping, and afford them encouragement and
protection.
And your petitioners (as in duty bound) will ever pray.
Mr. SADLER supported the petition. The shipping interest,
in all parts of the country, were unanimous as to the existence
of distress. The only effectual relief would be a gradual return
to that system under which the country so long prospered. It
was folly to talk of free trade under the present circumstances of
Europe. He could prove that life had been lost in the ex.
traordinary and all but impossible exertions made by the
British shipping interest to compete with foreigners. In the
last two years there was a diminution of thirty-tive per cent.,
in the building of ship, and My per cent. decrease on
the tonnage. If the internal navigation of the country in.
creased so much as was stated by the Secretary of State,
for the home deparunent, what reason could be assigned for a pro-
portionate increase not having taken place in the external amigo-
don ? There was no way of accounting for it, but by the intro-
duction of a system of policy which rendered it impossible for British
shlp.owners to compete with foreigners. The hon. member here re-
ferred to various returns, from which he said the conclusion'
clearly followed, that for the two last years the increase of British
shipping inwards was only one and a half per ant; and the in-
crease of British shipping outwards, between two and three pa
cent. Now, during the same period, the increase of foreign ship.
ping, clearing out from the ports of Great Britain, was not less than
90 per cent. That man must be a poor patriot indeed—be could be no
true Briton, who slighted documents of this kind, which so clearly
proved the decline of that interest on which principally rested the
prosperity of the country. AU this was owing to the change in the
Navigation Law, and what was most extraordinary, this change was
introduced against the opinion of those who were most deeply in-
terested. The greatest Minister who, in his opinion, ever sat in that
house, was not in the habit of acting in this way. Before he adopted
any measure of great public importance, he always consulted the
parties most nearly interested. The Navigation Act of this country
was spoken of, he believed by Dr. Smith, as a most stupendous ef.
fort of human wisdom. Yet this Act the new school of political
economists tore asunder with as little ceremony as if it were no
be:ter than a common ballad, and east upon those who differed from
them, who wished to take time for consideration, the reproach of be-
ing theorists. Those who saw the working classes of the country re-
duced to beggary and wretchedness by such a stem, were called
declaimers if they ventured to complain and state their opinions boldly
He was no declahnet. He had no occasion to declaim..H
The figures to which he referred declaimed mush more effectually than
he could. To state that the country, as regarded the shipping interest
or any other interest, was advancing in prosperity, was as greaten in.
suit to common sense as to tell $ man labouring under severe illness
that be was in vigorous health. Two years back the same line of sr-
patent was pursued with respect to the silk trade, as now with
respect to the shipping interest. They were then told of the great
activity in the silk trade, of the vasdy-increased number of spindles
that were at work. The distress of the trade could not be denied, no-
thing could be more clear, but it was said to arise from over-produc-
tion. So now with respect to the shipping interest, the number of
ships and the amount of tonnage was referred to as a proof of over-
production in this branch also, and the low prices of freight were
ascribed to excessive competition. The great increase in the import
of the raw material was referred to as a proof of the flourishing statel
of the silk trade. But bow stood the fact ? In BM, the quantity
imported was 4,380,48116 ; in 1827, 4,128,90716: and in 1829,
the whole quantity manufactured was only
cent. W 2,8112,972 lt,_ being
a falling off of 42 per nt. In the yesr lOW at thee were hitby
eight large ship-building yards, employing 1,000 bands, and
filing support to between 4,000 and 5,000 persons. Three of these'
already given up the business, and he was informed upon good
authority that there were at the present moment two moredeclining
in their business, and could not probably go on much longer.
What was this to be attributed to but the superior cheapness with
which foreigners could build and navigate their ships ? In a noun.
try like this, with such a weight of taxes upon every article of
consumption, it was in vain to think of competing with countries
where taxes were comparatively light. The wages of labour were, it
was true, now low, but why not reduce the salaries of all public men
in proportion ? It was impossible that high salaries could be main-
tained with low wisps. If there was any unity in their plan, there
might be some excuse for it, but there was no such thing. He re-
that he did not see the Vice-President of the Board of
ii7uttl
adein his place. That right hon. gentleman designated him
(Mr. S.) a worthy man, without any fixed plan. Let a committee
be appointed to inquire into this sublet, and then he should be
ready to bring facts before them, and to press to that right ;boo.gentleman whether he had a plan or not. He "honk! be meet reedy
to communicate all the information in his power, sad to contribute
his humble aid towards applying a remedy to the existing disown.
He only wished a wholesome return to that system of protection
which the mercantile manures of this country requited. He gave
his entire support to the petition.
Mr. LIDDEL said that he bed alresdy presented two petitions
upon this adios, and in 'enacting the shipping !merest now, he
was only d a public duty. .11e would not Imitate the

izactag
worthy alderman who went into so many extraneous Its, but a
sense of duty imposed upon him the necessity of su any and
every measure which had for its object the civil and Improve-
ment of bur colonies, particularly in North America. Re eons!.
dered that a reduction of duty upon the raw material for shipping
should take place, in order that we might be able to compete with
foreigners. Our shipping had been equipped and navigated in an 1
extensive manner, at the time of the reciprocity system, and no won.
der that the ship owners should now make loud complaints. This
house could not now re-impose restrictions which had been repealed ;
but still he trusted that every alleviation would be afforded to so
important an interest.
111 r. ROBINSON supported the petition, and read an extract of
• letter from Whitby, in which it was stated that four out of seven
new ships were unemployed. Some alteration in our system was
rendered imperatively necessary, and if British ship-owners were
allowed to be the sole carriers of our own foreign produce, great be-
nefit would be derivial from it. At present the ship-owners of this
country had to let their ships at a rate which could not pay them, or
be placed in dock at a very considerable expense. This was hat
he wished to be remedied.

Mr. SYKES said he had so often stated his opinions upon this
subject, that he would not on this occasion trespass upon the atten-
tion of the house. Ile differed with his hon. friends as to the con-
clusion to which they had come, because he believed the system of
reciprocity to be a good one. In fact, no other condition would suit
us in the present state of our affairs. If it were altered, we would
be confined to our coasting and colonial trade, which would be highly
detrimental to our marine. He believed that the shipping interest
of this country was at all times of great importance, and he hoped
that a Committee would be appointed to investigate ha present con-
dition.

Mr. HERRIES said be was glad he had not presented himself
to the notice of the house before the hon. member who had just
spoken. His observations would shorten what he (Mr. Berries) had
to say ; but looking at the business now before the house, and the
inopportune time taken for discussing this subject—he would offer
but a very few observations. lie admitted the great importance of
the shipping interest ; but that, like every other, must at all times
be liable to fluctuations and occasional distress. He did not know
how the timber trade of all others could be made the subject of corn-
plaint,when it must be known how very especially it was protected.
With respect to the public accounts,he could only say, that they were
as accurate as they could be ; and whether the honourable mem-
ber (Mr. Sadler) believed or disbelieved them, and whatever coo.
elusions he came to from them, he (Mr. Herries) was prepared to
say that the hon. member had not dealt fairly by the Government or
the House. The essential question in this case was the activity of
our shipping; and since the year 1814 our shipping had most ma-
terially increased; and, taking an average of every three years since,
that fact was undeniable. The shipping inwards would be the fairest
criterion to judge of the question. In 1814, there were 12,000
tons ; in the averages of the next four years, 17,087 ; and In
1821, 2, and 3, there was 1,668,106 tons. The next three yens
during the new policy, was 1,964,182 tons; but in the last dime
years, when the system was in full operation, 2,190,239 teem I
much for the decay of the shipping interest.—(Hear.) Why,
the last year the activity was greater than at any period of the hit
war. 'The average during the highest three years of the war, was,
in 1810, 11, 12, and the amount was 1,057,490 tons ; and in the
last three years of the peace it was 2,170,000 tons. The foreign
shipping entered Inwards during the last year of the war, was
793,000, and in the last year of the peace f 948,060. So that we bad
the difference in the increase of our own shipping. In 1821, 2,3,
the average of foreign shipping was 482.801 tons ; in the next three
cinoito was above 800,000 tons ; and in the last three years only
tons. The coasting trade had also exhibited a vast increases--
In 1823 it was . 7,893,000 Tons.
1824 . 8,801,000
1825 . 6,832,000
_ _

14a6 • . 8,160,000
1127 • . 8,118,000

182i1
. 8,911,000
18:21 . 8,930,000
Thu. 'hewing a progressive improvement in every successive year.
So much again for our decay. By a comparison of the foreign and
British shipping entered inwards to our ports, it would manifestly cep.'
pear that agreat and valuable increase had taken place in British ship.
ping. With respect to the British, and all other foreign powers, the
British passing the Sound was 5,056 tons, and in the 3 years fromlB26
something more than 56 per cent. to our profit. No man could have
read the report of Mr. Cambuslang without being forcibly struck
with his observations upon our reciprocity system. They were drawn
from the hest sources, and it was therefore that he recommeaded
their attentive consideration to the honourable members who bad
taken a different view of the subject in this house. It was said
that the shipping interest was now in a state of embarrassment
and ruin ; but the facts which he had stated would serve to dispel
the idle notions which were entertained by several hon. members.—
This was nut the season to enter into the question: of oar
commercial policy, although he would not shrini front rill
mails en a proper period arrived ; but it must be quite clew
that who used his own faculties, must see that the silk
trade cuff less than many others, which, be regretted to say,
might be mentioned. There was abundant reason to believe that
the shipping interest was now in a ive state of admire,
whatever might be said of others. The petitioners prayed fee la.
quill into their case, and if he knew of any means by which that
object could be accomplished, nothing could give him greater satra.
faction. This he did not see, and with these few observations be
would conclude what he had to say on this occasion.
Mr. ROBINSON said that this question was not fairly discussed,
for gentlemen at each side of the house adduced figures with a view
to their own purpose. Bat as to the British registered tonnage,
there was a considerable reduction in the course of the last three
years. He admitted there was an increased activity (as it was
termed) in the shipping trade. but the rare of profit was such as le
deter men flrom entering into that occupation. It was said that ne
relief could be worded them; but that he denied, and asked why
not reduce the duty upon the raw material for shipbuilding? Us
was aware that this mode of discussion upon a petition vas incon-
venient to the house; he knew they were impatient on the mthiset I
but in some way or other the shipping interest was entitled to same
attention than had hitherto been paid to it.
Mr. 11212114 rose to explain, when
Sir J. NEWPORT rose to order, and hoped that this discussion
upon a petition should not be longer continued.
Mr. HERRIES.—I only rise to say a few words in explanation.
Colonel WILSON said that be was going to state facts, and not
hearsay. from the moon. He had received some valuable inflame-
don from a commercial man, who stated that he was the owner of
two British and one foreign ship, and that the latter alone yielded
him profit. The hon. member was proceeding, at some length, in
the perusal of his friend's letter, when several members cried, " Oh!
Oh!" To those gentlemen who cried "Oh ! Oh!" he could only
say, that he was not giving a partial extract, but a whole extract.—
(Laughter.)
Mr. 0. THOMPSON expressed his regret that such a conver-
sation should have ensued upon the presentation of a ppeetition. The
subject was highly worthy of a full and fair disewsbo, and it was
not fair to press it on the present occasion. If the cue of the ship-
owners was one of such hardship as had been stated by the worthy
Alderman, surely it might have suited his convenience to bring for-
ward& specific motion on the subject, and then have It discussed as
its merits.° eminently deserved. With regard to the silk trade, it
was scarcely ever in a greaser state of activity than during the last
four or five months. He knew that within the last three days 6,0001.
worth of silk goods had been bought and shipped for France. In
Spitalflelds there had been almost a battle among the buyers, as to
who should obtain goods as they were made.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER deprecated fur.
then discussion upon the present occasion, as it interfered with the
most immoral* pills beldame of the night.
Mr. TYLER add that the silk crab had experftneed any thing
but a Immeesey activity la eseempeense el the /pin annuals.
The pedtion was ordered to be plated.
ADJOURNMINT OF TIM MOUS&
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that the
House on its rising be adjourned to Monday—Agreed to.
ADMIRALTY COURTS IN IMILAND.
The House having resolved itself into a Committee upon a Bin
for the Admiralty Courts in Ireland,
Lord L. GOWER said that he had some difficulty in dealing
win; this ease, as to the course which the House had to pursue to.
wards Sir Jonah Barrington, a judge of the Irish Admiralty Court.
The noble lord stated some facts, to show that Sir Jonah Bar.
rington had converted the money of the suitors to his own use.
He proposed to move that the Admiralty Court in Ireland want
one of great importance, and that Sir Jonah as Judp et
that court, had appropriated to himself monies adjudicated by his.
self, as Judge of that court ; that the feet was sufficiently per
before the committee of that house ; that it is, therefore, the opinion
of this committee, that the said Jonah Barrington bad been gotileyef
groat malvereations in his office, and that he is not any lager Melo
hold the situation of Judge of the Admiralty Court in Enka
After some observations from Mr. D. W. Barmy, Mr. C. Wpm.
Mr. O'Connell, Mr. and Sir J. Newport, the Chains= peg
the Resolutions serial" whirs werEe: to. The house resumed,and the Report was adored to be tup on Monday next.
After a few words from Mr. the Attorney-M%
Mr. Sykes, Sir C. Wetherell, LAM Milton,i the Solicitor.Glasseek
Lord Ale, and Mr. Maxwell, the house divided upon gobs
Into a wmttes on the Usury 'Laws.
For the modem
' Apinst ft
Majority fur the motion
The hems the, went into a committee.
The house resumed, and the upon was ordered to be brought up
on Monday.
The other ardent of the day were this disposed of, and the hour
adjourned at a Quarterthsfore Two this morning, till Monday.

LISBON, APRIL 24.

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE OF TIIE lILRA 0

There have been no arrivals from the Azores. 100 01.)
mean time the AI iguelite Government seems affrighted. This night,
packet takes so Falmouth the Conde Pombeiro, Secretary to t' •
Viscount of Assets, who goes, it ht said in jest, with the amnesty • y
much demanded by the British Ministry, in his pocket—that is, ,
promise from Miguel to change his nature—to become mild—to re.
store the plundered property of his adherents, and to administeryuy.
Hee. Report circulates this statement, yet 1 doubt it. The Gazer:.
contains various notices of sales of the property seised, and every
day one hears of arrests, and the transport ships are getting ready t
convey the political convicts, among whom, is to nail, the weU.
known Borges Camaro, in the Joao Magnanitno, neat week. The
approaching punishment of the Conde de Subserra and of Pedro dc
Mello Breyner, is also talked of. A Major of the 13th Regiment o:
Infantry, who, while commanding it in May 1828, at Peniche, pre.
vented the soldiers from joining the Oporto insurgents, au um
Monday on board, degraded, and condemned to serve as a common
soldier at Angola.
In the country there are parties of armed men on horseback, why
go about attacking those who wear the Miguelite badge. At Gut.
lawmen', at Moncorvo, and in Upper Beira, those parties are poy:.
tively stated to exist. At Punhctc, about 18 leagues from Li.).,on
on the borders of the Tagus, the populace sing songs against M:.
guel, the burden of which is, " prometteu—jurou e Calton ;" h
promised, he swore, and he is found wanting."
Instead of the amnesty, Miguel,as well as the Dukc of Caylars;.
his present home Minister, has been employed in examining t!,.
state of the prisons at Trafacia, where they wish to confine sore
more convicts. Every hour one bean of persons either hiding away
Of being wrested. I will mention but two or three cues as es.
simples :—A Canon, 93 years of age, is obliged to conceal hint.
self, because he is considered an enemy to Miguel. A parr
of the police went this week in search of a young man,
nephew to a prebend of the cathedral, whose father has
been confined in St. Julian's Tower two years on suspicion
They ransacked the prebend's house, and, not finding the young
man, actually took upwards of 10001. in gold from the prebend.
leaving him 3s. to support his brother and himself ! A corporal o!
the same police, now dying in the hospital, has written letters to
about thirty persons whom he had denounced, begging pardon for ht,
injustice; he has also signed a notarial instt ument to thte same effect
The four English sailors captured near the island of St. George, con.
tinue in the prison of the hulks. An attempt was made by the polic..
officers to force the British subjects, as well as other fa.
reighers, to pay a fine for not taking out a license to res:d,
in Portugal. Although the treaty ensures to British subjects the
right of paying no more than a Portuguese, they are liable to heavy
charges for passports, for licenses, &c. A Portuguese. on arriving
in Lisbon, pays 6d for a license, a British subject be 6d ; the for.
mer receives& passport for 6d. the latter pays 3s Gd. and is obliged
to take one out twice a-week if the police choose. This is the maul:
of our reciprocity system here. Why does not Lord Aberdeen re-
sist this police imposition, as the Spanish Charge de Affair's is no*
doing?
The Sppanish Minister remains still at Cintra, being ready, as it
is stated, to take his departure fur Madrid in the beginning ot
May, unless Miguel be acknowledged by Great Britain. 3liguel
goes next week to take up his residence at Cintra. A great number
of the veteran militia (Ordenanca) officers have been dismissed.
The Viscount of Santa Marta has been appointed Governor of the
province of hlinho, as the Government is much alarmed about
the state of that province. Miguel shuns all contact with the
suffering poor ; he ,had a passage made from the Palace ot
Quehu to the grounds, so as to avoid being pestered by the number.
less petitions of his starving labourers. There has been seen off the
bar at Lisbon, during the last five days, a large frigate, sailing from
north to south, and iron: south to north. She shows no colours, and
Lind
gives rise to conjecture and alarm. Exchange on Eng.
,A& Government paper money, 29 discount.

TO THE REFLECTING AND INTELLIGENT
OF THE UPPER CLASSES.

It is generally supposed that you have an intrust in
maintaining society in its present state, because you ap-
pear to possess many advantages which the middle and
lower classes have not; and therefore, as your situation
is, by comparison, so much better than theirs, you have
every motive to perpetuate the existing order of things.
My convictions are, that, with some truth, there is
also much error in the preceding statement.
It is true you possess some privileges which the middle
and lower classes have not ; but it is also true that, by
another arrangement, founded on principles in unison
with all known facts, each of you, individually, may
obtain, in security and perpetuity, other advantages which
shall exceed your existing privileges ahundred-fold.
Now, I am either right or wrong in these convictions.
If I am right, the proof of that right will be to you a
great gain—an everlasting benefit of high importance to
yourselves and to your descendants. If lam wrong, the
detection of the error by the intelligent of the upper
classes will put a stop among the industrious classes of
society, to measures now in active progress, which cannot
fail, if not arrested in their course, to effect the most
extraordinary change in the condition of this and other
countries.

The time hu arrived when it appears to me to be my
duty to put you in possession of the principles which will
effect this great change, and of the practice which is likely
to follow its introduction.

It is supposed by many that these principles and prac-
tices are already known to the public. This conclusion
is most erroneous ; very little of them is truly known.
for, if it were otherwise, all classes would be eager to
adopt them.
Vague imaginations and random conjectures have been
given to the world by most writers, who have noticed my
proceedings, for principles and practices, which admit of
no inconsistencies without immediate detection.

Now I propose to adopt measures to enable those who
feel an interest in this vital subject to make themselves
masters of its ultimate results ; and, if I mistake not.
there is no subject that can come before you in which
you and your posterity hare a deeper interest at stake.
That no one in the upper classes may say hereafter
that they have been taken by surprise in this change
coming upon them before they are prepared for it, I
will deliver an introductory lecture on Saturday, the
15th inst. at two o'clock, in Almack's rooms, when
the principles on which the change of system about to
occur will be fully disclosed; and after this introduc-
tory lecture arrangements will be formed to make the
details of the system as well known to the intelligent
of the upper as they will be, ere long, to the intelligent
among the middle and the lower classes.
My object in these proceedings is to form a beneficial
union of action among all classes of the present genera-
tion, to obtain for the rising generation all the advan-
tages which the means now possessed by society are
competent, under proper arrangements to secure for them.
I add, that, as the change of system is inevitable, it is
desirable it should be effected by a good understanding
between all classes; but, if this =vent cannot
be brought about by the well-. and well-
disposed of all parties, the industrious classes will be
compelled, by the overwhelming effects of the progress of
machinery in competition with manual labour, to form
arrangements among themselves, unaided by aught ex-
, ceps their industry, directed by knowledge and good
feeling, to effect the change, to save themselves and their
children from the miseries of slavery produced by science
misdirected.

I am, gentleman and ladies, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
49, Bstifordmigue, May •. ROBERT OWEN.

I

LON DON.
FRIDAY, MAY 7.

THE KING.

" WINDSOR CASTLE, Mivr 7, 1830.
The Kix° has passed the last twenty-four hours
lacier a continued mitigation of his symptoms.

(Signed)

" HENRY HALFORD.

"MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

The anxiety of the public continues to increase. The
Court-yard was crowded with nobility and gentry at two
clock, expecting the arrival of the Bulletin.

As connected with the state of the KING'S health,
there Appears to be only one fact on which no difference o
opinion seems to exist—namely, the warmest sympathy
on the part of his subjects, and a corresponding anxiety
for his recovery. With regard to our own sources of
information, we are enabled to state, that the operation
alit& was thought necessary on Tuesday, though not
Attended with all the beneficial results which the medical
advisers of his MAJESTY could have wished, greatly al-
lc iated the previous symptoms, producing the refreshing
4!eep announced in Wednesday's Bulletin. The relief,
however, was of temporary duration, as the symptoms
returned on Wednesday, and produced excessive suffer-
ing during the whole night. The Windsor Correspon-
dent of a morning contemporary continues to speak of
Lis MAJESTY'S convalescence : we shall be truly re-
;Need to find his reports confirmed. In the mean time,
'Ae freely confess that the communication, on which the
Preceding statement is made, increases our anxiety to see
the next official intimation of the physicians.

Should the illness of the KING be unhappily prolonged
Lill next week, we understand it is the intention of Mi-
nisters to propose a commission, by which his MAJESTY
4111 be spared the tedious and painful formula of signing
public papers.

The despatch of M. ALAMAN, to which we alluded
yesterday, will be found in another page. Although it
ould, no doubt, have been more grateful to the holders
Mexican Bonds, to have received their dividends, still
'! Was hardly possible for the Government to give a
grunge' proof of its determination to hold faith with the
English creditors. The document bears a character of
frankness and sincerity throughout, as honourable to the
Minister who drew it up, as it must be gratifying to the
parties interested. After stating the motives which led
w the late changes, a distinct proposal and promise are
'nade to the Bondholders. The circumstance of such a
"01150 as that of the Messrs. BARING, having assumed
the management of the future pecuniary transactions of
the Republic, furnishes a strong guarantee to the
Public, while we are satisfied that M. DE GOROSTIZA
would not, for a moment, lead himself to any transaction
4I the validity of which, the smallest doubt could be en-

Itertained. On the whole, we do not hesitate to hail this
act of the Mexican Government, as the prelude to a state
of things which must, at no distant day, afford a tri-
umphant refutation of those calumnies which have been so
unsparingly circulated by the agents of FERDI NAN D.—
By a refe-ence to the debates in the Commons, it will be
seen that Mr. Hirst( ISSON has postponed presenting the
Petitions from Liverpool, concerning the trade with
Mexico, till Thursday next, when a very important dis-
cussion may be expected. Indeed, we have no longer
any doubt but that Ministers have recognized the justice
and necessity of interposing to prevent any future ag-
gression on the part of Spain—we ought rather to say,
the Apostolicala of Madrid.

One of our contemporaries, alluding to the success of
the Hampstead Enclosure Bill in the House of Com-
mons, since rejected in the Lords, has observed, that
" members of the former House can be obtained for any
job on almost as easy terms as Irish evidence." Here is
a direct charge that of all things the most easy of attain-
ment is an Irish witness to support an unjust cause—
that perjury is to him a matter of indifference. Orators
in the Senate and at the Bar, are not unfrequently loud
in their professions of devotion to the liberty of the press.
Nothing can exceed the ardour of their love, their sense
of its value, or the strength of their attachment to it ;
but it happens most unfortunately, that whenever an
opportunity offers for proving the sincerity of these
professions by their actions, these boasted friends are
found in the list of its most determined enemies. Some-
thing of the same spirit may be occasionally observed
to prevail in a certain class of writers in the public
press. Among them, some who lay claim to liberal prin-
ciples and generous sentiments, will be found ready to
maintain and propagate narrow and illiberal prejudices.
The journalist who has thus denounced Irish evidence,
and cast such a cruel reflection upon the country, is one of
those who laboured to obtain the repeal of the disabilities
affecting the Roman Catholics, who constitute the great
body of the people, and thus to lay the basis of their
future prosperity. Now in Ireland, as in every other
country, it must be admitted, that the chief se-
curity, for life and property, is the force and strength of
a solemn oath. What rational man then would settle in
a country, or commit his property in speculation to it,
where an oath, the test of truth in a Court of Justice,
has no influence upon the mind of the individual who
takes it ? Wherever that is the case, justice is deprived
of the means necessary to its administration. The laws
are more likely to contribute to the gratification of the
worst passions, than to their restraint—to inflict in-
jury than to redress it. In short, the country, so
cursed and debased, is not fit to live in ; and
every man, who regards his life and fortune, and the
lives and fortunes of his family, should avoid it.--
The imputations thus thrown upon the moral character of
the country, therefore, must be considered, whether so
intended or not, a caution to all capitalists against em-
barking their property in speculations in Ireland ; thus
withholding from it the important advantages proposed to
be derived from the Union, and the recent great measure
of Catholic Emancipation. This is its direct tendency and
necessary operation. It requires no sagacity to lead to this
inevitable conclusion. Well, but it may be said that the
imputation is founded in fact, and an impartial writer
is not to be deterred by its consequences from asserting
the truth. No such apology or justification can be
pleaded in the present case. Where did the writer of the
paragraph learn that the oath of an Irish witness
(tarried with it no obligation ? We have heard of " dicers
oaths" as synonimous with fraud and falsehood ; but we
have never read any author who has ventured to stamp so
vile a stain upon the character of the Irish people. They
may be rude, resentful, semi-barbarous, if you will, but
irreligious they are not : there are neither sceptics, deists,
nor atheists, among them. However ignorant and de-
graded, the fervor of religious feeling and devotion will
not be refused them by their greatest enemies ; and how
can this frame of mind be reconciled with total disregard
for the solemnity of an oath ? The most hardened wretch,
the greatest criminal brought to the scaffold, has been never
known to refuse the consolations of religion; and so deeply
are the Irish impressed with the obligation of an oath ; so
powerful is its influence upon their minds, that they con-
sider their conscience bound, even by an illegal oath,
which they must not violate. This tenet of their faith
was fully ascertained on the late trials for murder in that
country. The charge, therefore, conveyed in the para-
graph which we have quoted, is a gross misrepresentation.
—This exposure of it may, perhaps, deter others from
lightly and inconsiderately indulging in such injurious
reflections upon the country.

Our readers are aware that, in conformity with the
Treaty of Paris, a large sum was paid by France into the
hands of the British Government, as a fund for the sa-
tisfaction of the claims of British subjects upon that coun-
try. This sum considerably exceeded the claims made upon
it up to a certain time ; and our readers will recollect
that, upon some late discussions in the House of Com-
mons, it appeared, a sum of 250,0001. was taken
from the balance of this fund, then in hand, by the Com-
missioners of Woods and Forests, and applied towards
payment of the expences of building Buckingham Pa-
lace. In answer to some observations on this subject,
made by Sir J. GRAHAM, last night, in the House of
Commons, the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
it was his intention, in a short time, to submit a measure
to the House for the re-payment of the sum so borrowed
by the Commissioners ; and Lord LOWTHER added, that
a small sum had been already paid into the Treasury on'
that account. It must be obvious that, if any surplus
should eventually remain after all claims upon it have
been satisfied, it would, upon every principle of justice
and equity, belong, not to the British, but to, the
French Governments.

By referring to
to the freeholders

the letter
of Fesex,

Mr. LOllO WZLLIUILIT.
appears that ha is da-

termined to redeem hts pledge lately given to that
county. The sentiments express:A in this address can
hardly fail to make a powerful impression on the electors,
while they .are pretty sure to be approved of by the
friends of retrenchment and reform.

CITY, TWLI.VE. O'CLOCK.
We have no mink of ship letters this morning, consequently se
are void of information at present.
The speech of Lord Onderich last night in the House, regarding
the proepetous state of our finances, has excited much attention in
the City ; and up to the present period, no doubt, the Quarter's
Revenue, in all its branches, is proceeding prosperously.
The Cabinet Council held at a late hour last night is looked on as
rather ominous by our City speculators. Bysome it is imagined to
relate to Greek affairs; and by our sagacious politicians to a com.
mission to be appointed to sign for his Majesty.
Consols which left off yesterday at 921 1 for the Account, opened
at the same price this morning, since which there have been sellers at
92f, and for Money 92i with little doing at present.
The Foreign Market is totally void of Interest. The only bu.'
sines is In the Spanish Bonds, which are lower than yesterday.
Accounts from the Vistula, of the 10th April, state that the in.
formation from St. Petersburg brings accounts that the sudden re.
turn of the Emperor to the capital has caused many conjectures ; it
is certain that since his arrival there is great bustle in the different
government offices, and the departure of couriers to the east and
south are extraordinary. It Is also added that in a short time there
will appear a decree for a new levy of troops.
Letters from Malta, 16th April, inform us that General Woodfort
is to replace Sir Frederick Adam in the command of the lonian
islands. Sir Frederick will be appointed Governor of Malta, and
General Ponsomby will go to England.

HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.
We have not a feature to communicate In regard to the funds
worth observation. The whole of the fluctuation during the mom.
ing has been from 921 1 down to 9? for the account ;at present
they are 92. buyers, and 921 for money. We have neither any
political news or reports.

The Foreign Market Is also heavy ; Spanish and Greek bonds
have receded about 1 per cent.

THE KING.

His MAJ ECTY appeared to be better during Wednes-
day, and conversed very cheerfully on various subjects.
The bulletin, which we published yesterday, however,
stated that his MAJESTY had passed a bad night. The
bulletin was shown at the King's Palace, St. James's, at
the usual time. The attendants in waiting were Lord
CLINTON (for Lord St. HELEN'S) and Colonel NVII AT-
LEY. Mr. DOBELL, the State Page; Mr. Panel',
Page of the Presence; and Mr. THOMAS &tow )1, Gen-
tleman Porter, were in waiting. The inquiries after the
health of his MAJESTY were very numerous. The Duke
of DavolystitßE arrived at Windsor Castle about one
o'clock, and was admitted to a personal interview with
his MAJESTY.

The Duke of CUMBERLAND dined with the Princess
AUGUSTA ;yesterday, at her residence in the King's
Palace, St. James's.

Summonses were unexpectedly issued yesterday even-
ing to the Cabinet Ministers, to attend a Cabinet Council
last night at Argyll-house, the residence of the Earl of
ABERDEEN. The whole of the Cabinet Ministers were
expected to attend the Council, which was appointed to
be held at half-past ten o'clock.
Sir ROBERT PEEL arrived in town on Wednesday
night from Drayton-park, Staffordshire: The Duke of
WELLINGTON and the Earl of ABERDEEN visited the
Right Hon. Secretary yesterday.
The Prussian Minister transacted business with the
Earl of ABERDEEN yesterday at the Foreign-office.
The Earl of ROSSLYN, the Earl of ABERDEEN, the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, Lord LEVESON
GOWER, and Mr. FRANKLAND LEWIS, had interviews
with the Duke of WELLINGTON yesterday.
The Lisbon papers to the 25th ult. received by the
mail of yesterday, contain nothing worth extracting.
The contents of the German papers received last night
were unimportant.
Mr. O'CONNELL and Lord J. RUSSELL have post •
poned their motions on the subject of the Reform of the
Representation of the people, which stood for yesterday,
till Friday, May 28.
Mr. SADLER has intimated that on the 3d of June he
intends to move for leave to bring in a Bill to better the
condition of the labouring poor of the British Empire.
The nature of the Bill has not transpired.
According to the remarks on a petition last night about
a new street Lacing Waterloo-bridge, and crossing the
site of the ruins of the English Opera-house, it appears
that Government is not disposed to devote any pecuniary
countenance to the suggested improvements.
Fish, an article of prime necessity in the West India
Colonies, is prohibited to be imported in any foreign ship,
or from any foreign country. All supplies go out, and
produce comes home in British ships, the cost of sending
which to sea is 221. per ton, while foreign vessels can be
had at 91.

Inrd PRUDHOE, brother to the Duke of NORTHUM-
BERLAND, has recently introduced into this country,
from Dongola, on the Nile, a most extraordinary and
curious animal, called the Leucoryx : it is very beauti-
ful, and has a spiral horn, upwards of a yard in length,
reaching completely to the extremity of the hind quar-
ters. His Lordship has deposited it at the Royal Mena-
gerie, Charing-cross.
The Duke of NEWCASTLE is still confined at Clum-
her by indisposition. His complaint is an affection of
the spine.—Newark Times.

The Duke of Grafton entertained a distinguished party
to dinner yesterday, at his house in Clargcs-street, Pic-
cadilly.

The Earl of Sefton had a grand dinner party en Wed-
nesday, at his house in Arlington-street ; among whom
were Prince and Princess Esterhasy, Count de Mony,
the Marquis and Marchioness of Worcester, Count and
Countess Caroll, Earl of Clonmell, Lord and Lady Fitz-
roy Somerset, Lord Foley, Lord Alvanley, Mr. Dun-
combe, &c

Mr. and Mrs. Camac gave a grand dinner on Wednesday,
at their residence in Mansfield-steret. His Royal High.
ness the Duke of Gloucester, owing to the KING'S ill
ness, was-prevented attending. There were present—the
Dukg and Duchess of St. Alban's, the Earl of Limerick,
Viscount Deerhurst, Lord and Lady Clifford, the Hon.
Dr. Wellesley, Sir John Beresford, Lady Ramsay, Sir
Charles Doyle, Mr. and Mrs. Rothschild, Colonel and
Mrs. Whatly, Mr. Brisco, Mr. and Mrs. Brisco, Mr.
Cholmely, &c.
The Duke of 'Wellington's house at Hyde Park corner
was originally built by Lord Bathurst. After it was
finished, the late King visited Lord Bathurst ; and having
looked about tbe house, his Majesty said, with reference
to its situation—" Well, well, I must congratulate your
Lordship on your promotion." Lord Bathurst, thinking
his Majesty had changed the subject, regretted that be
was not aware to what allusion was made. " 0 yes,"
coatinued the Kin, " you have had a conspicuous pre-
action—You are now Muster-Master 0.9071111 of dust for
the western district."

. #ll
)1(
lie fr-3 '
' - I/GATOS 4 11.4'5
