MILLIMDITORr PROCZEDING'&

.

sort to cottustuoicato dais resolution to
f)ri and to *place the enemy's cp
Dresden, and of all Om tueens of aennee, widieles
'exceptionivrhich it had previous to the signattem Of
ihe capitulation. 'rho offers of capitulation 1
m.:4
the city of Erfurt have bionrolocted by Lisu
General Kleist; but the armistice granted to thelite•
risen on the 7th ha; been prolonged to the 20th. •Ac-
cording to advices Just received from Berlin. Stettin
has surrendered. The garrison was to march out on
the 20th, and-to remain prisoners of way.
CAPITULATION OF TSUI CITY OF DRESDEN.

_

NOM OP COmmoNs, DiCIDOEIL 4.
INSOLVENT VEBTORSI BILL.

Mt. HORNER moved the Committee on the Per.
imago Insolvent Debtors' Bill.
Mr. LOCKHART wished that the Contan*
should be postponed till Monday, in order that the
House might be better able to consider what Amend-
ments it might be necessary to make in the-Bill. He
tairewlooked over it with attention, and bad
• it many things which required to be amended.
?Wilt* was, that the debtor must first swear to his
schedule, and then be examined touching the troth of
it afterwards. This-he considered incongruous, and
likely to lead men to perjure themselves. The state.
meat in the schedule of the apparel of the petitioner's
wife and family would lead to great inconvenience.
The inventory would, in many instances, be 'err
long, and take up a great deal of time, His tie=
objection was, that the debtor was not to be dis.
charged until he had made an assignment of his pro-
perty to the, proper officer. Now he understood, this*
1 nobody would accept of the office, because, whoeve 1
; did, would be involved in constant litigation sespeci....
ing.the property so assigned to him. A great incom.
venience would arise from the debtor being broughia
' up to be discharged in the custody of the jailor : ill
I would occasion a great expense, when the place- sc
discharge was at a distance from -the place of tklt
' debtor's confinement. In this Bill also there wag n. 9
• exemption made from the duty on stamps, as in t
former. The serving of notices on each of the ered -
tors, he thpught, would be tedious and expensive, an
the insertion of the debtor's schedule in the Gazette
and in the newspapers, would be quite sofficiente4
For these reasons he requested the Hon. Gentlerna
would allow the Committee.on the Bill to stand ove'
I till Monday, when he should produce some clauset
Iwhich he hoped would Obviate these defects.
Mr. HORNER. said, that if the Hon. Gentlentanl
pressed the postponement of the Committee, Its had
, little objection to it ; but he would suggest to him.
1 that it was desirable this Bill should pass as coon as
1 possible. It was not to be expected that so, great an
Innovation op the law as this was could be made pit.
feet at first. He thought the exceptions of the He tn.
Gentleman to the Bill required more deliberation
than could be given them before the adjournment pf
the House, and it was probable that, when they m tt
again, experience would point out other improvement;
to be made in it. I •
Mr. KENRICK hoped there would be no impeelf-
ment throsin in the way of the Bill, as there WAS
provision in it for the future amendment of i:, eV ft
during the present Session, if necessary.
After a few words from Mr. Loccoatrr and N (r.
HOHNSIto the 'House went into a committee on t 1:e

PRINCIPAL AATICII4I.
ART. 1. The garrison of Dresden shall march out
of the City
_with arms and banap„ and lay down
their arms before the redoubts.-The officers shall
retain their swords. After the example of the capi.
tulation granted to Field Marshal Count Wormier
in Mantua, a battalion of 600 men shall reuin its
arms and two pieces of cannon. With ammunition-
waggons and draught.horsei twenty.five gene d'armes
c,f the Imperial Guards shall also twain their horses
and arms, and 23 Sens d'armes belonging to the
diii-
sion, shall also retain their horses and arms.

2: All the prisoners of war-who are at present in
Dresden shall be set at liberty immediately after the
signing of this capitulatien, and considered u e -
changed.
3. The garrison of Dresden are "prisoners of war,
and shall be sent to France, Marshal Count Gonvion
St. Cyr pledges himself that neither officers nor soi-
-1 diem, till they are completely exchanged, shall act
against any of the Allied Powers engaged in war
with France,
. 4. Marshal Gonvion St. Cyr engages to effect, as
'won as possible, the exchange of the garrison for an
equal number of prisoners of war of thcAllicd Powers,
rank for rank.

•
p UTCH Pdf AeRS:
( Front the Nort Tafereel der Nieuwe Fre:tack Tikannie. )

• .ALPHEN, NOVEMBER 25.
Every thing here is in the greatest confusion. The
massacre committed by the French at Woerden, has
shocked the minds of every one. What cruelties have
these barbarians perpetrated ! While ravaging the
town, they spared no one that had the misfortune to,
fall into their hands, or that came within the reach of
_their murderous weapons. Old mea, women, chi
dren, nothing escaped their fury.. May the people oT
all other towns, which join in the united cry against
the common enemy, have the horrors of Woerden
continually bef, ‘re their eyes ! Let -them be upon
their guard ! Let them arm themselves ! The'maso
sacre of Woerden must be the watch wont under I
which we combat, and it will animate us, as 'that of
Naarden animated our brave forefathers tom tkearie"
Spaniards repent their cruelties.—Farewell 1 I must
again to arms 1 Our hearts burn to avenge the blood
of our fellow cjtiaens on the steads of. the blFbarous
French robbers.
LEYDEN, NOVEMBER 21.
Is it possible that we have lived to see such horrors?
As soon as the French, sent by Molitor from 'Utrecht,
had surprised Woerden, they began immediately to
massacre and plunder. • Half naked flying women
and helpless children were either shot or put to the
sword in the streets in cold blood. In the houses
which they entered they plundered every •thing, and
murdered whatever inhabitants were in them. The
pious and devout pastor Buit fell on his •knees before
the commander of the murderous band, and begged ,
him to spare the town; but the cruel monster snatch-
ed a pistol from his girdle, and shot the Worthy man '
dead on the spot. -.. Our small garrison was over:l
whelmed by the enemyt and compelled to fly. All
that could reach the gate rushed out of it, in order
to save their lives. The brutes have terribly mal- '
treated even pregnant women. Many of- the blood-
hounds,
however, have been killed. Far from this
event intimidating our brave • citiaens, it animates
them with the desire of taking vengeance on this
monstrous crew. I hope I may not be the last to
arrive with my company. 0 that I may soon satisfyl
the wish of my heart ! NO quarter must be given or
I taken. The first fall. of my sword on a French head
shall be accompanied with the exclamation which
Noma attributes to the brave Entes, when he cut
down the Spaniard Agulo-o
" To Holland's pen/vitae, heart this bleite 1"
. • -
- PRdCLAMATION. .
WILLIAM FREUIRIOR, 51., THE GRACE OP-PoPP ,?"":"P. MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1813.
~,,„.•
OE ORANGE AND NASb4I.I9 AC. ICC. i.. One of the most prominent and Certainly not 0 41
,• To all those who these presents shall see or heap least salutary of the features in the glorious effervrt
read, grestiug. Be it made known : . sconce now working the deliverance of Europe, ill
" DEAR COONTREtuN—Aftertnineteen years of ab- the personal antipathy which every individual Mil
since and suffering, I have received with heartfelt
oy your unanimous invitation to come amongst you. presses against BonAPARTZ, wherever his esecrabkit
name is known. The q 4 Pamphleteers of German
I e!
am new arrived, and 1 trust, under DIVINE Pao.
ViDENCE. that I 'shall be the means of restoring you ; and the " Libellers of London" have achieved Shit'
to your ancient independence and proiperity. This mighty triumph. His atrocities, and the atrocities
1 is my sole object, and I have the satisfaction toassune of his myrmidons in every part of the Continent-.
you, that it is equally the object of the Allied Powers. .
.
It is jn particular the wish of the Proems REGENT of the unblashing effrontery with which he has reised
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the knife of the assassin, and hurled the torch of the
. and_ of his Government. Of this you wilt be cost_ . incendiary against the lives and the property of all
vinced, by the unanimous assistance which that power. men—the rapacity with which he has seised upok
ful country is immediately going to give you, and
.-41 Crowns to place them on his own vile head-4
which, I trust, will lay the toundation of those old , '
and intimate ties of friendship and alliance which ' the ,deluge of human blood in which be ha
have so long made the happiness of both States. I
II drowned the - best feelings of human nature, MA
am come disposed and determined to forgive and for quenched the chivalrous spirit which once distlB.l
I get every thing that has passed. 'We have all but
one common object, which is to heal the wounds of the detestation in which the Prowls came is hoick
our native country, and to restore it to its rank and guished the native, of Prance, even when at war-.
throughout the civilized world. Alas 1 these are,
splendour amongst nations. •
• 66 The revival of trade and commerce will, I trust, :
but a few of the items in the black catalogue of hie
be the immediate consequence of my return. All crimes—they are the texts, however, upon which tint,
party spirit must be for ever banishedfrom amongst us. manifestoes of all the European Sovereigns noW
. No effort shall be wanting on my part and on that of subjects
my family, to assert and secure your independence,
to pomote ou happiness ad welare.
gl Myr eldest son,yr who, under the imfortal Lord m leagued against him have appealed to their
and the struggle they are making against the " Gree
andt
Captain, whb once made Europe tremble," to use
Wellington, has proved oimselt not unworthy of the the language of the CROWN PRINCE of Swenrn• has,
fame of his ancestors, is on his way to join me; unite,
therefore, dear countrymen, with heart and soul with indeed, assumed the character of a 4 Holy War."
The Allied Armies are now on foot, not to dis-
me, aod our common country wilt flourish again, as inhabitants
in the days ot-old, and we strall transmit unimpaired member France or to visit her unfortunate
to our posterity the blessings we have received irons with fire and sword, the usual concomitants of an in.
our ancestors. vasion directed by BONAPARTE and his Bloodhounds
66 Qiven under my seal and signature, Dec. 1, 1813. —but_they are in pursuit of a gang of Assassins and
(Signed) "W. . pRINE COF ORANGE.
,Thieves, who have taken refuge in Paris. The French
I "By command of hi; Highness, li
Signed
.- () 4, 11. FAOSL." nation must be called upon to deliver them up to pu.
T ... •

Bill
.
Mr. HORNER, in the Committee, said, at pr*
gent the Editors t,f Newspapers were obliged by the
Act to insert all advertisements or notices from I I.
solvent Debtors, for Ss. each, however long the ky
might be. He thought it but justice to the Edito is
and Proprietors of Newspapers,-to cause these artici ts
to be paid for in some proportion to their length.. 1-I'e.
therefore moved, that if A schedule sent to any News
paver contained more than fifty words, it should b e
liable to be charged an additional sixpence for ever)i
In words over.
• • The Resolution Was agreed to, the House resumed,
and the Report of tho Committee was ordered to be
received tomorrow.
On the motion of Mr. W. FITZGERALD, the House ,
went into a Committee on the Spirits Intercourse
Suspension Act, in which it was resolved to move for
leave to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act. l'he
House resumed, and leave was given. The Bill was
then brought in, read a first, and ordered to be read
a second time on Monday.
The Report of the Committee at Supply was breeiht tie awl
agreed to.
The Marina Mutiny Bill, and the Police BM, were read
third date, and passed.
The Brandy Duty Bill went through a Committee.—itarrb4 4
on Monday.
The Temporary Insolvent Debtors/ Bill was read a void
tjola, and ordered to be conitnitted 'ea Monday, sod cc be
prigted.—Adjourned,

THE EVENI

1G STAR.

.

LON

►v IN .

...7

y. •
from ter item This is preeisely.the spirit
of kiln laames and Proclantatioas Which the Allies
ht ti iiitiesi slate they arrived on the frontiers of
France. The language. which they have used may
bare been more courtly than ours, but we drink at
the same fountain. i It is the duty of an English
Journalist to call a spade a spade, and take things by
the right handle. We like not that " grinning ho-
lour"-.—and we possess none of that " tremulous sen-
aibillty" which would leave BONAPARTE and his gang
In possession of a single inch of the territory of others;
blt even the power to wag. their lips is supplication for
• mercy !
Ahd no* that we have cleared our way by ho.
acstly avowing that we partake of the sacred inane**
which is regenerating Europe, let us meet the great'
question of PRA= or WAR with BONAPARTE. If it '
be the chief glory of a great mind to look at adver.
sity without shrinking, surely the man who can drink
of the cup of prosperity without exhibiting symptoms
of intoxication is not without his claims upon our ad-
miration. In the same spirit then of moderation and
disinterestedness which BONAPA RTE has so emphati-
cally denounced to such of the French nation a*will
Iselleve him—in the spirit of peace and good-will to
all men—the Allis cannot terminate the war with
the enemy of all peace they cannot even receive a
negotiator from BONAPARTE. The flag of truce
which enters the allied camps must wave over his
dead body; and it must be identified to be his before
they can take the bandage from the eyes of the bearer
of the olive branch.

This language is not new—it was uttered by To-
TUSOFF to LAVIUSTON in front of Moscow.—“ If you
want an armistice," said this gallant veteran, 16 send
the dead body of your Emperor, as a proof that you
are sincere." But if the Allies make Peace with
BONAPARTa, will their subjects withdraw their
claim of retaliation upon him and his Generals ?
Will the widow and orphans of the murdered Palm
of Nuremberg—the relatives of the DukeD'ENGozw,
or the next of kin of the brave Citizens of Moscow,
who were shot in cold blood for defending their
country--all these claimants for the fulfilment of the
law of nature—will they forego their claims, even if
their legitimate Sovereigns so far forget theit dignity
as to acknowledge a murderer and a cut-throat as a
member of the confederacy of European Sovereigns ?,
Will the widows and orphans of Spain, Portugal,
Holland, Bavaria, Saxony, Russia, Prustia, Great
Britain, 'and even France itself, throw off their suits
of mourning and forget that BONAPARTE and his Mar-
shals, his Generals and his Senators, are the criminals
who have taken away the lives of those who were
near and dear to them ?

But let us .look a little nearer home, before we
settle this question. Can Great Britain make peace
with France while BONAPARTE is at the head of the
Government ? Our answer is confinee to the simple
monosyllable, No ! Have our countrymen forgotten ,
the hollow truce of Amiens—the seizure of the un-
tiespecting British subjects at the breaking out of this
second Punic war—the stooling of Lord LAUDERDALE
to Paris by Mr. Fox—the treatment of that Nobleman
by the clubfooted Prince of BENaysxTE, and the un-
reformed Prostitute, whom he made his wife, and
ZONAPARTIC a Princess ? Is there an Englishman,
with a good old English heart, from the premier
Peer of our Nobility down to the humble but not
unmanly frequmter of the prize•sghts between Cribb
and Molineux, who would now go to Paris and dance
attendance in: the anti-room of the executioner' CAU•
UNCOUET, the u HCACISMED" to BONAPARTE, the poi•
sneer of the prisoners at Jaffa ?
Is there an English Gentleman, or an English
coal-heaver, who would degrade himself by snuffing
the air of the same apartment with the greasy
butchers, galley.slaves, and unacquitted felons who
compose Nis mountebank Legislative Body and his
party-coloured Senate Are our Readers aware,
that the same men are stilt• in office who came to the
bar of the regicide tribunals of Paris, with their
hands reeking alternately with the blood of their
parents and their children—those revolutionary mon-
sters wl.o dragged every man to the lamp-post or the
gui:lotine who wore a clean shirt, and refused to
cover his head with a butcher's night-cap ?
We cannot send Lord LAUDERDALE or Professor
DCOALID StEwART to Paris again, on a voyage of
discovery. We have business sufficient for our States.
men and Philosophers at home. Our English sto-
melts are turned, *hen we see them kicked and
cuffed by a French scoundrel. •
Again we say we cannot make peace with the
present Government of .France—RosTorcum, the
heroic Governor of Moscow, will not permit us if we
'ere willing—they are a set of demoralized wretches
n 1 must be " g;ound to powder," according to the
ot thy Moscovite's Proclamation, before the world
:an be at seat ! We shall return to this glorious
:barge tomorrow.—" I am only going to dinner,"
said the Hero whom we have just been quoting,
“ Give me your help, my dear fellow countrymen,
and we will grind the wretches to powder when I
gmurn."

Wn.rnsott, Dec s.—The weather has been so ex-
temely unf.Lvourable, that the Royal Family have
tut been out of the Castle since Wednesday, when
they went to Frogmore.—Her MAJESTY has been
pleased to appoint Lady MARY TAYLOR to be a Lady
la Waiting to the Princess AUGUSTA, in the room of
Lady ONSLOW.

• EMANCIPATION OP HOLLAND.
The Asrdea trod the LAM- miners have arrived at
Deal, from Admiral Yovno's squadron, off the Coast
of Holland, but no intelligence has reached the Ad-
Miradty.- It ma' ba concluded, therefore, that the
Acme and Emil trim no news. •
• The Duke of Banaswtmes horses :we embarked for
Holland isr a transport now in the Downs. We pre.
some his Serene Highneis will also- set out for the
sante destination. _
The Dutch Primers is. land have to a man
declared for their country. 'We copy the following
article on the subject from the Reading Mercury of
Saturday :
86 Passports for the Dutch officers prisoners of war
on their parille in this town are arrived. On Mon-
day they will leave us for Colchester, to take the corn-
-m
and of the Dutch regiments which are organizing
at that place. To their honour and patriotism, it is
.our pleasing duty to record, 'that the first announce.
meat of the news from Holland was hailed by them
with the most heartfelt satisfaction ; joy beamed in
every countenance, and but one sentiment animated
the whole—that of a desire to participate in the gin•
rious deliverance of their country.
86 A meeting was immediately called, and °eve.
ral de Koca and Captain BARBER were chosen dele-
gates and dispatched to London io tender their ser-
vices to the PRINCE of ORANSE. The acceptance of
this offer crowned the summit of their wishes ; Eng-
lish and Dutch with hand and heart congratulated
each other on the happy events, and the Orange was
universally hoisted with Onafhauglykheid, the watch
word of independence. Let Frenchmen and besotted
admirers of BoNarßarz read this, and ask, if ever
their bosoms experienced a sensation equal to this
Amor Patric, will Holland bend again beneath the
yoke of slavery ? No. The fiat of liberty is passethr.
Dutchmen will it,
4. And nought shall make them roe,
" If Holland to itself do rest but woo.
U Perhaps, 'ere long, the insulted world may be rid
of the detested Monster, who has sacrificed millions
to his blood.thirsty tyranny ; the conspiracy of MAL-
LET and his companions is not. forgotten, and the
flame may not be extinguished, which, even in death,
exultingly burst forth in the proud avowal-:, We are
not the last of the Romans."

We have more than once noticed. the rejection of
the Russian Mediation betweea Great Britain and the
United States. The following, which may be consi-
dered as demi-official, sets the question completely at
rest:—

" Lord WAvo.L E had not arrived at St. Peters-
burgh three dals before he intimated to the Russian
Midistry, that as his Britannic Majesty's Govern-
ment had already distinctly-and explicitly refused to
admit of the mediation or interference of any other.
power in our quarrel with America ; and as the stay
in Russia of the Republican Cominissioners after that
determination was known, would only tend to mis-
lead the world, he was instructed to signify that the
dismission of the said Commissioners would be par-

ticularly pleasing to the British Government."

Orders were yesterday given for every thing to be
in readiness this morning at seven o'clock, lot the
Duke of CAMBRIDGE'S departure, to proceed on his
way to Hanover, accompanied by Count MUNSTER.
His Royal Highness is to be attended by itis Staff,
which has been appointed as follows :—Gen.
Adjutant-General; Major REYNETT, Secretary I Cap- I
tale LINSINGEN, Brigade-Major; ilstain DAVISON,
ditto ; Colonel BEST, Captains WITGLIBEN and
TEWENT, as Aides-de-Camp.
The Princess CHARLOTTE and Duke o- CAIIBRIDOE
attended Divine Service yesterday, at the Chapel
Royal, St. James's Palace.
Fhe Emperors ALEXANDER and FRANCT*, Wifh. the
Kings of PRUSSIA, BAVARIA, and WURTEMBERO, re.
mained at Frankfort. The King of BAVARIA has
issued orders for a general armament. The King of
WURTEMBERG has published a Manifesto against
Prance. According to the Austrian official account of
the battle of Hockheim, the enemy lost 12,000 men,
and 60 pieces of cannon. The provisions of the Berlin
and Milan Decrees have been formally abrogated in
all the States of the late League of the Rhine.
A Gentleman who came passenger on board a ship
from Bourdeaux, which left the Gironne on Monday
last, informs us that the Conscription was carried into
effect throughout Guienne and Gascony ; that boys
of fifteen were dragged from the houses of their pa-
rents, aad were sent in detachments of 2 and 300, to
reinforce the army under SOULT. In his view of the
matter, it was not a subject of fear, but of hope, at
Bourdeaux, that Lord WELLINGTON would take pos.
session of Bayonne; and the consequence be expected
was, that the whole country would be open to him to
the mouth of the Garonne.

The Mauritius Gazettes, which have been received
by us, are to the 7th June. They contain no politi-
cal intelligence. The hydrophobia had, in February,
attained a most alarming height in the settlement.
Instances occurred daily of canine madness. Four
slaves at Pert Louis had died: several inhabitants at
other places ' • and a son of Mr. GONDERVILLE at
Flacq. The Governor had, by proclamation, ordered
'the destruction of all dogs, as a reward for the head
of each brought to the police office. The slaughter
was in consequence immense; upwards of 8000 hav-
ing been killed. Some proprietors had given secu-
rity to keep their dogs tied up, and water always be-
fore them.
Sunday sennight, in the evening, as Doctor RONAN,
of Cork, was returning from the vicinity of Bandon
in a chaise, on passing the stream at Arderoestig, the
rains had so swollen ihe body of water that the chaise
and horses were carried down by the impetuosity of
the flood. The Doctor, with the driver, were drowned,
and their bodies found next morning in a field, 'at a
considerable distance from the road.

141,41,4 L bitILLIGEATE.
• mama _
Aka. boa. all. 60e.
Du blbs - It I lElidisetaad. o 4.
Waterford - 0 6 Gotterbergb 0
Culls . 0 $ Guernsey - 1 0
Lisbon t 0 Jersey . 1 0
Coruna* 0 2 Maki 0 0
PALI4OUTH, DECEMBER S. •
Yesterday arrived a Prussian ship from Rochelle;
the Master reports, that 19 sail of frigates had sailed
from different ports of France and Holland on'the'lBth
ult. on a cruize ; also arrived the Sandwich packet,
with a Mail from the Brazils is 77 days ; Duke of
Kent (2) packet, from Lisbon, with a Mail, in 8 days.
Sailed to-day the Duke of Kent (1) packet, with a
Mail for Cotunna. The Phoebe, JOLLY, sailed from
hence about ten days since, for Madeira, has been
captured a little to the Westward of Ushanr, by an
American -privateer, who also captured a sloop be.
longing to Guernsey, bound to Lisbon ; the latter
vessel was given up to the,crews, and arrived at St.
Mawe's last night. We cannot learn the.name or
force of the privateer. The ships in the Rdads have
rode out the late gales remarkably well. The only
ship that received damage, was the Three Brothers,
WALLIS, which ship was rim foul of by the Robert
Tod, BeLL, by which her head and cut-water had
been injured.—Wind N. N. E. "
PI.YMOUTH, DECEMBER f. -
Came in the FLY sloop of war, from a cruize.—
Sailed the PRESIDENT frigate, for Cork ; and the STAG
for Falmouth, to perform quarantine.—Wind N.N.E.
PORTSMOUTH, DECEMBER 5.
Yesterday arrived the Swap, of 10 guns, Captain
DASIIWOOD, from a cruize. Sailed the CaEsSY, 74,
Captain DAsHwoQO I GEAP4PII2, 50, C4pLaill
LIER : CORDELIA, 10, Captain KaNNEDY ; and Pur.
poise store-ship, to the Eastwardi anei the Nita/PINE.
24, Captain ELIOTT, with General Sir TfIOWAS
Ptc-
ton, and Major General DONICIN, for Passage. Thi's
day arrived the AiGLE, 38, Captain Sir Jour; Lour,
from the Mediterranean. Sailed the BRUNE, 36, Cap-
tain BADCCCK, to the Eastward.-

Letters from our squadron in the Basque Roads,
dated the 23d tilt. mention, that they had that d .y
boarded a licensed Prussian vessel, out two bolos
from Rochelle, which informed them, that the Freud
in that neighbourhood had shewn great dissatisfaction
at the new conscription of 3Q0,000 men, AS it included
almost every person there capable of bearing arms.—
The French squadron in Rochefort consisted of five
sail of the line, three frigates, and a number of smaller
vessels : two of the line-of-battle ships were moored
off the South-end of the Isle d'Oleron : the others

under Isle d'Aix. A new frigate arrived from Roche-
fort on the 20th, and joined the ships off the latter
place. Our, blockading squadron consisted of the
ROYA 0A Ki CONQUESTA DO it, AB ERCROU StIF, BELLON A
AJAX, GOLDFINCH, and D WAti F.

DEAL, DECEMBER 5.
Came driwn from the River, and sailed to the
westward, the Enterprize, and Pilgrim, bound to Ja.
main. Sailed his Majesty's ship ELEPHANT, for
Portsmouth ; and the ACTIVE hired armed cutter,
with dispatches for Admiral Y 01.140. Arrived the
ELGIN cutter, with dispatches from Admiral YOUNG;
and the Spence transport, from Ramsgate, with the
Duke of BRUNSWICK'S horses on board, for Holland.
HARWICH, DECEMBER 6.
Arrived yesterday three vessels from Schcveling,
one of them with passengers. Arrived to-day the
Diana packet, with a mail and passengers from Got-
tenburg. Sailed to-day four scbuyts, with arms and
ammunition for Holland; the Auckland packet for
HoUand ; Earl of Leicester, for Glttetiburgh ; and
King George, for Heligoland, ad with mails.
NAVAL PROMOTIONS AND APPOINTMENTS.
Lieutenants—Wright, commanding th 6 Alban cutter; and
Rose, commanding the Hearty cutter, promoted to the rank of
Commanders.
Mldshipmen—Mr. George Nicholls, of the Linn ; Mr. Ri-
chards of the Weazle ; Mr. Robert Weave], of the Ocean; and
Mr. R. Nash, of the Andromache, promoted to the rank of
Lieutenants.

Captains—Robert Balfour to the Woodlirk ; Andrew Green
to the Harrier, a new sloop, fitting at Sheerness; F. Wise to the
Granieus ; and I. Marshall to the Shamrock.

Lieutenants—John Massie to the Saturn; Skipsey to the La-
tone ; John Adams to the Elk ; Lemoyne to the kter ; John Jen-
kins to the Duncan; J. P. Baker to the Rippon; John Davis to
the Redpole ; F. Bligh and Randall Vans to the Leviathan ; Dil-
lon to the Carncion ; 'lndult to the Hannibal; Cann,bell to the
Monmouth; Tulloh to the Montague; R. J. Nash to the Pan-
dote ; Knight to the Rapid ; W. Rawlinson to the Imogene; W.
Jewell to the Chatham ' • Smith to the Queen ; G. Cartie to the
Warrior; James Richards to the Penelope; R. M. Teed to the
!admit; George Richards to the Chatham; James Byly to the
Orontes; Maimu to the Zephyr; Mottley to tit! Bulwark ; Crole
and Harvey to the Rodney ; Jeans to the Columbia; Jeff to the
Leopard; and W. Borer, late of the Rinallio, to the Impress
Service at Gosport.
Mr. Anderson, late master of the Spy store ship to command
the Buffalo.

Chaplain—Rev. E. Brice to the Medway.
Pursers—E. Huggins to the Caruatioo ; Mr. Walker, to the
Penelope.

The Speculation, French lugger, of 14 brass guns,
sent into Plymouth a few days since by the Reindeer,
has cruised with great success against our commerce.
No less than sixty vessels having been captured by
her within these two years. One of her prize-masters
is a Captain de Vaisseau, in the French service; but
having no employ, and a large family to support, he
entere4 on board the Speculation.
Letters from New South Wales of January last, re-
present the markets at Sidney to be glutted with India
produce, and every commercial transaction to be
cramped by the extreme scarcity of specie. The ship
Campbell Macquarrie, of Calcutta, had been wrecked
on Macquarrie Island. The cargo of 1650 seal skins
was lost. Captain Stamm, with the officers and crew,
saved themselves on the island ; and after residing
there from the 10th bf June to the 11th of October,
they were fortunately discovered and taken off by the
brig Perseverance, belonging to Port Jackson.

"""'77-71.1Ww-drarsio.

/tAtdo
.
Yesterday the following Bodkin Wks existbltett al
St. James's Palace c •
44 irtszlipa carts, plc. 4,1819.
is The Kt. wo's disorder continues undiminished, but
his Mainurry's bodily health is good, and he has passed
the issrmonth in tianquillity and comfort.
(Signed) 4, H. HALIPORD, "W. HISTIUSEN)
IdH. MILLIE.; "R. MILLS."
THE A Ridlri

•• ~ -.A

44 'THOMAS GRAHAM has riot yet left town. The
delay arises from the troops being wind-bound at
Spithead.
Captain Commits, commanding the Royal Artil-
lery in Norwich, received an order to send off to Yar-
inouth,soo,ooo ball cartridge%, which were dispatched
on Thursday last, with the same quantity from Yar-
mouth, for the use of the Dutch patriots.
Detachments. of the German Hussar Regiments,
serving in Spain and France, arrived at Portsmouth
from Ipswich on Saturday morning, and embarked is
transports. They will proceed immediately to join
the army there under the Marquis of Wat.eutorosr.
The Ist or Highland Regiment of Edinburgh
Loral Militia has made an offer to extend its services,
in order to meet the views of Government, with re•
specs to the local militia establishment.
On Saturday last a meeting was held by Colonel
Nears and the Officers of the Nottingham Local Mi.
litia, when it was unanimously agreed tb fequeet his
Grace the Duke of NnarCAsilg, the Lord Lieutenant
of the County, to offer their services to Government
upon the terms proposed by Lord CAITLItasAGN.
The Glamorgan Militia, at present at Hythe, have
'volunteered in a body, officers end men, for general
service. The Kildare, at present at Canterbut y, have
partially volunteered their services.
OieWednesdaylast the St. Margaret and St. John's
Volunteers, commanded by Major .loses, mustered
an their Parade, in Westminster Halls when, after a
suitabk address by their Commandant, they tnni.
mously offered their services to perform town duty,
by repeated inizeas.
The Canterbury Rifle Company, commanded by
Captain PrlnCa, have made a tender of their services
to Government to do the duties of that
.gariison, in
he event of such a measure being requisite, during
the absence of the troops from that districts
Monday last a division of the Duke of Betteswteee
Hussars marched from Woxalevidge, On their routs
to Portsmouth; where they are to embark-for Spain.
The valenteertng froin the East Suffolk regiment.
of Militia at Gosport, is going forward %Ott -great
spirit; nearly 150 have already volunteered fry .ge-
neraPservice, upwards of 100 of whom ate attested
into the 43d regiment, with a proportion of °theta-S.
From every quarter troops are marching v ith all
possible dispatch to the Eastern coast, but shitty to
Margate, for embtirkation to Holland, in order to
cooperate with ex Patriots in expelling the French,'.
and restoring the Prince of ORANGE, The 2,4 barta.
lion of the 41th Regiment (1000 strong), and the 2d
battalion of the 25th, from Chichester, have marched
in for immediate embarkat'on; detachments of the
corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, with the Artillery.
-and Drivers corps, are also on their march, ited
hourky expected.
The Duke of \rotor, after transacting military buts'.
nets at York House on Saturday, weni to Wiudso r. t 4
Fay his weekly visit to the QUEEN and Pniece.esss. .
The Parses of Onewor has been furnished by our
Government with £lOO,OOO in doubloons, got etas,
and other hard cash, Oa assist him in establishmi the
liberties of his country.

Friday Earl HARROWW7 gave a grand dinner, at
his house, in Crosvenor•square. Among the ccm-
pany were,
The Lord Chancellor, the Maier of theßolls, Viscount 811.
mouth, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Viscount Palmerstow,
Mr. Btagge Bathurst, Mr Ryder; kc.

Yesterday the Noble Edrl gave another dinner.-
Among the company present were, • .
The &nu:idiot of the Exchequer for Ireland, Mr. Croker, the
Secretary to the Admiralty, Mr. Goldburne, and Mr. Beckett.
the Under Secretaries of State, Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Ryder.
Yesterday the Russitsts AMBASSADOR gave a grand
dinner to the PRINCI RSOENT. The Members of the
Deputation were invited to nt..-et his Royal Highness.
Saturday evening The Monona- was excellently per.
formed at Covent Garden Theatre. Miss STUMM!
and SINCLAIR. were encored in most of their songs.-- -
The Miller and his Men, which followed, WAS received
with as muckapplause as on its first representation.
GLUTTOXY.-Friday evening last, two mcn named
Stephen Martin, and Edmund Fogden, the former of.
Dell Quay Mill, and the latter of Donningtnn, Sus-
sex, met at a fishmonger's, in South street, Chiches.
ter, to determine a wager, which of the two could de. •
your the greatest number of oysters ; in a short time
each swallowed four hundred large ones ! when Martin • -
cried, hold, and requested that the wager might be . .
withdrawn, which the other agreed to, on condition •
that Martin should pay for the oysters, and he set
doing, they then, each took a glass of brandy
.at the
King's Head ; and adjourned to Martin's house to •
• partake of an eel pie for subtler!
CORN EXCHANGE, MARK-LANE, DEC. 6.
Having but Utile Wheat fresh up for this morning's market,
and many buyers, what appeared was readily taken off at'an ,
vance of t Os. per quarter upon last Monday's prices. Pine Batley
maintains in price, but the inferior qualities are heavy sale at a
reduction of full as. per quarter. Beans and Otis are its. per
quarter dearen In Peas and other articles there is no variation.
COMMIT PRICES:
11107.1t11.
Wheat, Kent and Essex, les. Grey, ditto, 465. 50s.
les. per quarter Small Beans, old, 0105. 001. news
Ditto, Suffolk, 60s. 731. ' 449. 565.
Ditto, Norfolk, 58r. 661. Tick Ditto, sold, 00s. 005. new,
Rye 365. 445. S6l. 521.
Barley 38s. 50` oats, Poratoe, 265.345. 001.
Malt, 70s. 84s. Town -s. Ditto, Poland, 114 s. 30s. 00eii
White Peas, 60a. 755. boilers, I Oat% Feed, 20s. tea. 00s.
665. 725. Flour, 5Se. 60s. per Sack.
10$ £lO5l.
Wheat, Mange, 00s. 741. Rye, 40s. 451.,
Ditto, Baltic Red, 15s. 655. I Barley, 401. 455.
Ditto, Hambro' or Oats, Feed, I Is. 245.
rßremen, M. 655. White Peas, 00s. 725.
Bremen,
Brabant Red 556. 651. Grey ditto, LOS. 555.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Reduced 60i Ilet—Cons strut—for um .20
4 per Ct. 751I—Navy shut—Long Anus. 14 134 6ths
New 0919.9 f sf 9.--Exch. 1301 a is Ils. pre.-.•) b Se. die.

i I
(
• 'A
•
i
1
•
1 i
•
s
a
r,
T
ri
tl
oci
le
s,
tt

At the Court ___ _ -
ber, 10,3, Kesenills Royal, Highness tut fixes
• Redis& in Council.
This day -the leight Honourable Sr Viettry Gibbs,•
Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's- Court of Bzetequers,
by command pf his. Royal Highness the.prlnee Regent .
satire and op the behalf of bls Majesty, sworn of hiajest
Most 'Honahrable Privy 'Council, and took his place at the
Board accordingly.... "-
. . .
•ADMIRALTY-OFF/CE; DECEMBER 4. , •
•
His Repel- fllgisotees the Prince Regent,- in the tonne and on
the behalf of; the Xing, has been pleased to appoint the Honour-
able Henry Hotlatin, Giorge Buriton, Esq. Sir Josias Rowley,
Bart. and Edward Cudrington, Esq. to be Colonels in his Ma-
jesty's Royal Maria. Filmes,. in the room of the Hymourable
Charles Elphiinstnnejleming, Charles 'Vinicumbe Penrose, Ent.
James Blue, Esq. and Puheney Malcolm; Esq. appointed Ela4:
Officer! of his Majesty's Beet.
DOWNING-STREET, DECEMBER 4.
His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been pleased, ltri'
the name and On the behalf of his Majesty, to renew and ten-.
firm the appointment of Jan Hunter, Esq. to be his Majesty 'S
Consul• General in Spain.
FOREIGN-OFFICE, DECEMBER 4, 18I3:
A Dispatch, of which the following is a Copy, has
been.this day received by Viscount Castlereagh, his
Majesty's Principal- Secretary of :State for Foreign
Affairs, from :Lientenanti.General Sir Charles Wil-
liam Stediart, B. dated s •
Marbuie, near_Franlifort, Nov.lB, 1813.
Mtn Loan—ln a former dispatch I stated to your
Lordship the substance of a report, received on the
morning of the 15th, from General Thielman, of the
surrender of Dresden and its garrison as prisoners of
War. By the more official advices which your Lord-
ship will now receive, you will learn the report, re.
ceived at the head-quarters of the Army, of the North, 1
was not correct, as to The surrender of the garrison
as prisoners of war.' A capitulation was demanded
and acceded to, by which the garrison' was to return ,
to France, and be exchanged man for mart This I
has not been ratified by the Commander-in-Chief, so
there must be still some short delay before this int-.
portant place is in our possession.
I sincerely rtret having given your Lordship a
report which came to me en such good authotitv,
which, nevertheless, has tinned out not to be con-
firmed. in all its facts._
I have the honour tq be, &c.
(Signed) CHARLES STEWART.
Viscount Castlereagh, &c. &c. &c.
FOREIGN OFFICE, DECEMBER 4.
His Serene Highness the Prince of Orange, accom-
panied by his Excellency the Earl of Clancarty,
landed at Scheveling,.trom his Majesty's ship War.-,
riot, Captain Lord Viicount Torrington, an Tuts.'
day tile 30th ult. at four o'clock in the afternoon,
amidst the enthusiastic acclamations of a numeroes
concourse of people assembled to receive him. j
His Serene Highness immediately proceeded to the'
Hague, and received the congratulations of the pub. 1
lic authorities at that place. His Serene Highness;
intended to proceed to Amsterdam on t! e 2d.
By the 1 itest acccunts received at the Hague, on
the 2d instant, it was known that the enemy had eva-
cuated Utrecht, and was retreating upon Gorcum
and Nimeguen.
- The -Russian G:neial Benkendorff had reached
Amsterdam on the Ist, with '2,500 men, and imme-
diately issued the following proclamation.
Isloyden had been taken by assault, with a loss nn
the part of the enemy of four hunched men, twelve
officers, and one gnn. ". 1
His Majesty ship's Jason had anchored off Scheve-
".'". the morning of the 2d, with Major-General
~.•a
Taylor, ant: a. nart of the arms destined for the ser-
vice of Holland..
Intelligence had been received on the same dab of
the Brille having di:dared in favour of his Serene
. Highness the Prince of Gin Lie.
TRANSLATION OF A IntOCLANIATION OF TIM 111.158tAN
GENERAL 'DE BENKENDORFF, AT .1113 ENTRY INTO
AbIsTFIIDAIth •
The Russian General de Betikendorff has just.
landed ,at Amsterdam; with two thousand five hun-
dred infantry ; his jegular cavalry and. akcillery will
be to-morrow evening at Arnersfuo.ti his regiments
of cavalry, under the orders of-General Steal and
Colonel Nariskii, are at Utrecht, and .scour the eoun-
tr-. Every Russiati is animated with the noble desire
of co-operating in the deliverance of Holland t they.
enter your country as. friends. Hollanders I" fly to
• arms—let one spirit animate you, that oF. becoming
again a n:.lticn, and of your being worthy of your an-
cestors, The hour 14 c- me ; the enemy will see what
an united people can effect, when all• dissentioiware
extinguished by the spirit of vengeance, and of the
purest patriotism.
• Ptiblislied at Ainitershm, December 1, 1:413.
. TRANSLATION OF A LETTER FROM GLINEUAL DE BENKEN-
T,Ohbli TO HIS EXCELL:ENCY THE GENERAL KitAGI.:-
Non', COMMANDANT OF Tire a I'Y OF AMSTERDAM.
• GENERAL—i have the honour to acquaint you, that
*/ a detachment of my troops has entered Muyden, has
taken one gun, and that the whole garrison, com-
posed of tour hundred men and twelve officers, have
• fallen into our hands. - The Hollanders have parti-
elderly distinguished dein:selves, fighting by The sidej
of theeCofisitcks. At this r•Jrnent a heavy firing is
heard towards NikaTilell. I hasten to communicate-I
to yon thisMspostenC istelligenve, and request you
• to pub)ish it without daily. at Amsterdam, and else
to forward it to the Govonment at the Hague: •
1 have the honour to be, &c.
• • (Signed) - a.,TANKIII.IO4IFF.
• Amsterdam, December 1, ldl8.•
FUREIGN•OFFICE, DECEMBER 4.
Intelligence has been received from the Lieutenant-
' Governor of Heligoland, dated•the 28111 ult. that the
lOrts at this mouth of the Weser had been taken from
the euiy by the allied troops, and that the naviga-
tion of the Weser was completely free.
ADMIRALTY-OFFICE, DECEMBER 4.
• Dispatches from .Captain Farquhar, commanding
his Majesty's naval forces in the Elbe and Weser,
addressed to Mr. Croker, announce, that on the
ult. the French garrison-of cailsburg (Bremeth he ),
consisting of two-hundred and thirty-six officers and
menoteith thirteen pieces of heavy ordnance, surren-
dered themselves prisoners of -war to the combined
• **British and Russian forces; the hitter commanded,
by Colonel de Radinger, and that on the 24th ulit.
the garsislloi Ciak also sturackted prisoners a

- A oelritilk v- iv
SATURDAY--WIGHT'S GAZETTE. n
/it the Court at Carlton Hon*, the SOth of goiiiet-.
•11.4.. I WM. ifeseriiiiir Royal, Highness the RES*, r
