Ainslie), and also that they would pteteet an Men
of colour. Jean Michell their brought an action
against the Cage-keeper i bat the damages !ohm only
4s, no farther steps were raltee: After this, POrd
Bathurst had signifled the disapprobation of his Go•
yernment, advising him to circumspection In future.
The Hon. Member saw nothing in the papers put in
on behalf of general Ainslie, but merely a testimony
of his former good conduct. It appeared that
Michell was no; suffered to land in Dominica,
whither he went to sobstantiate his claim to freedom,
and this on the ground of his having been dogged at
Grenada. With respect to liiaminica, he objected
to General measures for the reduction of
the runaway slaves; wherein he declared that neither
age nor sex shcaild he spared, but indiscriminately put
to the bayonet. Though this proclamation was not ,
strictly acted upon, stilt lie was, therefere, much cop-
eerned to state that nine had been•killed, iced fein-
ts.. put in chains fie would readily assent to all the.
praises that were lavished by the Assembly of Pomi-,
nica, but it was rather singular that Governor Ainslie
had dissolyed the same House,ia refine of ieprobition.
—:While the conduct of the Governor, hoWevee, was
before his Majesty's Ministers,.. he ritfraine.d from
submitting any /notion to the liouse, information
had since been received, 'that guirerrior Ainslie had
ordered fOur black soldiersiOattsfad upon hitn, %Oho,
not doing so, he also ordered to be flogged. There-
was another cave, more important titan, the former
ones. This was stated in aletter to Mr. Aberdeeo,
by which h appeared, that two negroes had decampl.l
ed, one of wham had sold provisions to a Member of
the runaway camp. Both these slaves :were-taken;
when one was executed, tnd head•sent in.a box,
to be stuck up in terreron. I), ether' slave was,ship-
ped off the island.' He was :Orate ihat, in Making
this charge, there were no •doinnituts before the
House. General Ainslie was, howeveliiit leasiptity
of great indiscretion, and was not- adaptedito.govern
a West India Colony, which, investing Governors
with absolute p4iver, called for posous, of humane:
minds. He hoped to obtain for his'iditioe the Con
aideration of those Gentleineis who had contended for
the abolitida of slavery; And also- of his Majesty's
Government, pledged to the same. Having brought
the motion forward on public motives, .he should be
happy to hear that General Ainslie could be defend-.
ed. At present he felt it incumbent on himself' to
move for the appoininent Of a CoMmittee to enquire
into the conduct of General Ainslie, during his Go.
vernment in Grenada.and Dominica.

Sirnußt.beHenEintdNe thouotul-ohrt
OoirneouradbiltetoFrtiehned tthheatmsontrocni,ent groans
b.ile
mtnotbirviensi.
it which
oi. The charge
induced.
otii I,
punishing four black soldiers had not been* lopOottel)
hd
by any document.. The very letter which ammo.
nicated this intelligence was of the most quo:ions'''.
kind; but it was still before his "loyal .Highs the
Duke of York. ' It certainly was yue that geese'
Ainslie had,- by his Proclaniation, called for an oath
of allegiance from the .tret men-iskohirrin Grenikla,
which place be found in norety. disturbed state, the
majority of them beipg French,-; Michell. had not.
been punished in the way stated,;
nor viould the affair
shave been 'noticed at all, bad '
scot the Governor Syst
4.prosecuted andthett removed cmehtliCa legal PilliliC ;
per. The question waluorlenweeit Michkil vita
Governor, but between the latest and. Adie. • As '
l the pvniShment of Michell, it was in .conseq. .
of a: complaint .of theft on the pirt of Lawrence,
a white man. 'The ad might be indiscreet,, but
tbe punishment of Michell woUlt-lieve been much
Levcrer in the ordinary course of things.—(gear.)
Yet no sooner did the Governor see the imprnpriety.'
•of the measure than he tenderid,Money to Michell,
phich the latter did accept with *attitude, thiough •,
Upon a conference with Adie "ie.-returned the money
back. There was.no passion, noietetest on the part
of General Ainslie in ordering •the- floggingu'of Jean
lifichell, whom he.had never known, and to whom
.he offered that reparation which oti'sinally .vrakae.•
cepted of. 'Nothing but•the zeal of Gentlemen for
the black population could have prompted them to
interfere in the manner tlAy•did. •:•For his part; he
would not espott the whole stock of his buflanity
ton a foreign
_venture, and- reserve none for home
consumption. He thought;he indiscretion of Gene-
ral Ainslie had been atoned for, being satisfied
that the Govetnor.tatf *fed with the'greatest. le-
nity, and deserves' more applause than censuri.—
The Proclamation by which General. Ainslie•had (Lis:
solved the Asseinbly, proved.his entire iodepeudente
and utter disregard of persona' views. Amffitz point
to be considered was, thatihe Maiooas of 41Inaca
consisted entirely of ruirawaysleveii isithoit any la*
Whatever - and whoefo, fifty years, had 'defied the
efforts of all formes Gov , • .1$ 0- happened,
that General Airtilie—fortned A. cuPPaivi 94: Mack'
Rangers, and thin' 'silted the Poxiimation ;. whisb•
he „would owe, ItAs'lllibdy inth,.bat ' was it iiot
common enoogh ;for torinnand to menace paces'
ili the same wispy witboot. ;acting! .aod •did-nor; the
Mollie event
.yeitspiss the Astiples.of•War/ with
death in-every lifte.,and under witich,the best soldier
coulcknos'ediitthiee Weeks i the.iwal, ,truthit/moil
out to: be; diet tie Ranger( arid ihf Proclamation.
went together,- mg ' saved the' Island. ' Thee*. were
Only 120 Rangers, 'who: iscted ' -vstfh the greatest
humaniiy, even so as never .to return the fire of
Abe insurgents, but brios,,.upou their backs' womell
and children win= they found starving in the woods.'
Now as to Mt: AlieFdeen, he had merely got a letter
by the' post; and here only hishcredit was at stake.
'ln this very important case; the two men were then
convicted by a ,Court Mania), for selling provisionr
to the insurgents ; • and yet, even here, one•only was
put to death, and his head polled in terror to the.rest.
This flimsy charge, however, was required to give a
colouring to the rest. Respecting General A insliescon-
duct. it was acknowledged in Dominica to be vigorous.
excellent, and patriotic ; was he therefore to be deprived
of the opportunity of prosetutieg his profession/ eery-
ink his country,. and .upholding hie family I Were, due
honours he had laboriously gathered at an early pe7
riod of his life to be rudely to;n from his brow ? He
trusted that- the tionse'Woold dot adopt the motion
'tow proposed se thefts •e.-(. '' '
• . -Sir .SAMPL. ROMILLY Could not consider
the motion as intended to initite General Ainslie ;
'nit tile House wotesrlinw ecnieravene its own Mugu,:
lions on'the subject Of slavery, ifth ss
ey refused to 'a.
Ito* A cloassisitioeht thipresent Cat, The enquiry
would:preCeod cm; srodlowdblidbfro . be House ;
`-11* tit daft, lOW* *Nut) 'iiii informed%

II
