lamina, ear Government has resolved to defeat it.l

He ought to be pressed in every way, moral and phy-
sical and the Powers combined. against him know
that their present struggle is not for a stageof`trifin
ins importance. The result or the struggle will be
Freedom, or the basest slavery, to Europe : there is
no medium.

.. ~..

a .
t • a
SECONa4ZDITIO/f...
rrmi-o*Picz, FtvrircLbct.
We stop the press to state that Mr. KEYS, one of
the King's Messengers, is this instant arrived at
Lord &crummy's Office, in Downing-street, with
dispatches from Field-Marshal the Marquis of 'Wu-
LINGTON j hat as Mr. Lira left head-quarters on the
evening of the Bth. be does not, of course, bring
Lord Warzurorou's account of the surrender of the.
Castle. All that he !flings is, after be was on board
the frigate on the Bth, in the evening. ill firing had
ceased, and he concludes tbcy surrendered, having.
offered several tones since the Slit, so.to do. He
sailed on the morning of the eth. He brings dis-
patches of the 7th only.

.

.:.-

FORBON OFFItr, strr.l4

Aistract of: a Letter from an Officer of wane,.
BLuctua's Staff, dated Brcehtelschaf, now hoer;
August 26, at Midnight—
u We have today obtained a victory. We bed
made on; dispositions to attack, and sitowt going
to put them in execution, when we were infer=
ed of the enemy's columns advancing upon us
across the Ratibach. We instantly chAnged our
plan—concealed our columns behind some low hills,
merely skewing our adv,inccd guard, and appeared
to act on the detensive.

" Upon this, the enemy attacked with great, vio-
lence, when we moved forward with rad:dity from
behind the hills. For a moment, the battle was at a
stand. We brought more cavalry into action ;at last,
manes of ow infantsy attacked the enemy with the
bayonet, and prtcipitated him down the deep decli-
vity to the rivL r Katabach.
" The Russian General SACKEN supported us id.
mirably. The enemy's attack upon General Lau_
(masses position was frustrated -by our attacking. the
I enemy's rear. A great deal of artillery is in Our
hands: It is midnight, and we have not yet aster
trained the number. This battle is called the battle
jot liatzbach."

Last year, about this time, an individual at Lloyd's
made an immense speculation for the fall of Moscow,
by a particular day, which he gained—this year hr
has be. n taking money that & Sebastian would not
fall before the lst October next, which. consequently,
be has lost. 'llie same person has taken large bets at
very great oddi, that Pampluna will not fall before
Ist Octther, Ist November, and stme as far as the
Ist January next. •
Friday evening. a dispute took place between two
Lascars in Wapping. They immediately proceeded
to attack each other with their ki.ives, and, in the
course of a few minutes, they. were both desperately
wo.inded. "One of them was stabb..d in the belly
with such violence, that the knife appeared at his
back—the other received a dreadful wound in the
side, and a severe stab in the thigh. They were taken
to the London Hospital, where they now lie without
hope of recovery.
• Friday a Court-Martial assembled at Government.
`House, Plymouth, f .r the trial of. Lieut. goalies,
of the First Somerset Militia, now stationed at Pen..
dennis Castle. President, Col: Lamar, Monaghan
i Militia. Deputy Judge dvocate, Brigade Major
Fonsran.
The four Officers found guilty of murder, and sea.
tented to death for the part they had severally taken '
in the late duel in the Isle of Wight, in which Lieute-
mint BLVanat..- of the 101st Regiment, was killed,
have been pardoned. A special representation on the
subject from the Civil Administration to the Cons.
•
mender in Chief, having, however, been thought pro.
; per; and the Commander-in-Chief having. in conse-
quence, made a special military case for the decision
of the Pauses, in which it is declared, on a full consi-
deration of all the circumstances, that the unfortunate'
Officer who lost his life, and the Officer by whose
hand he fell, (Ensign *Gains, flth West.lndia Re.'
giment) are the least guilty ; but no such palliation,'
appearing on the part of Lieutenant DlLLoirs 101st c
Ensign O'Biuzu. 101st ; or Ensign Gu.cuanrro. 6th'
West-India Regiment, these three are dismissed 'his
Majesty's service ; Lieetenatit DILLMI being declared' i
incapable of serving IdiMijeity again, for not having
used the influence of-his superior rank over ineapem
rieneed minds, for the purpose id conciliating, rather
than inflaming. - Ensigns Gist-Haar and -UsßalaN
are left open to restoration. Ensign *Gum is par,
doned without condition.
Samuel Macdonald, second mate of the ship Newer,
, was tried in the Supreme Court of Judicature in Call
cotta, on this 14th of June last, for the murder of a
Laser, on that ship's voyage from Calcutta to 80.
' tany Bay ; and although the inhuman treatment to
the deceased was described by the Judge, Sir Wit,
Luta &manual's. as " illegal, cruel, and brutal," yeti
the Jury found the prisim-r not guilty t
SUDDEN DSATH.—Yesterdipy evening, as B. A.
Gosossinrr, Esq. of St. Helen's-place, a man whose
Ilife has been admired as his death will be 11/tented,
was proceeding from his town house to his country
residence, Baalhain liat, passing along London
Bridge, in his gig, accompanied by his brother, be
. was seised with a gidAness mhis head, and the Trains
fell from his bands: Mr. G.'s brother drew the gi
to the pavement, and in 'A short time a hackney comb
iva procured, which cdfried them bath back to bt.
lieitilts-place, and the first medical assistance was
instantly procured, bit we regret in say,•without the
desired effect ; Mr. Gb‘hatafirr tiled..abollg two ibis:
. morningl Mr. p. was under 30 ran of le
' • ' - . . 4 :14ri. . . . . .

:

~ ~ .. .
