$

aeelliop t because, I presume, that I consider the theories of those gen-1
tismenopposed to oaten and to feet, and therefore that the least said is
the sanest melded : I will, therefore, with respect to them, adopt the
same conduct.
Let us examine, in detail, the actual state of the London Daily Press,
and-we shall discover how much evil it creates, compared with its ha-
nsom capabilities, and bow little good it effects.
The Times, which may be called the leading journal, not
of Europe only, but of the civilised world, is an extensive
commercial establishment, too valuable in the estimation of
its proprietors, to he injured in its pecuniary affairs by at.
tacking superstition in its strong holds. It maintains its superiority
tun large annual expenditure, and is conducted with great ability as a
commercial concern. It is of use to the public, in preventing some of
the grossest act. of oppression. from the powerful to the weak ; but it
manse afford to advocate fundamental truths of the highest importance
to society, where those truths are in opposition to the notions, en which
the superstition of Europe has been established, and is now maintained.
The second morning paper in circulation is said to be the NMI*
Reraid. This paper, during the life-time of the late province, Ms.
Thwaios. who died lately, was more free from the influence of super.
stitimi than any other daily paper. Its columns were occasionally
le arguments on both sides of the great question of religion,
as far as
Mae in lava of truth could be admitted, by a commercial establish.
melt, without altogether compromising its pecuniary interests with the
public. But since the death of Mr. Thwaitea, it has become a mere
party paper, in support of the superstition of the country, without
any of the former impartial principles remaining, which made it
so valuable to the public. The Morning Chronicle is the jour.
sal of the Whigs ; one of the chief advocates of the modern
political economists ; and although it attacks pretty boldly the mist '
eating error and oppressions of the Church of England, it cannot 'Ves-
ture to attack the fundamental notions of supastition ; and foe its isle
it must be subservient to the whig party, and to the modern political
sconomists. The former is a political party. who desire to obtain the
government of the country from their opponents. The latter are a strong
patty of economists who have powerfully attacked old commercial mo.
impales, and are useful in pulling down error ; but they possess no
pnletical knowledge how to build up. They have performed all tbs
good their theories will permit them to do ; and now they are, them-
selves, obstacles in the way of important improvements. The Morning
Chronic/8 is, however, a useful paper, inasmuch as it attacks, again
and again, some of the outworks of superstition, and is conducted with
wouldn't& liberality and ability.
The Morning Post is supported by that part of the Aristocracy of
the country, who desire that old institutions should remain untouched;
and, more especially, that the superstition of our forefathers should be
held jeered! It tore, cannot avoid defending what may be called
the errors of antiquity, in opposition to modern discoveries and improve.
rants, in religion, governments; and laws. It has, however, upon se.
viral occident, liberally admitted into its columns, sendmebts and
arguments directly opposed to the professed principles of the Paper;
and, of course, its pecuniary interests. This is more than can reason-
ably be expected from any parties, who support their families by the
profits of their Paper. The Morning Advertiser and Public Ledger
are purely commercial; written for, and supported by, particular coin-
menial interests; and it cannot be expected that their columns can be
occupied with anything in opposition to their interests.
The Essithep Papers are likewise mere commercial establishments;
and each of them is under the influence of some particular party, by
which it le chiefly supported. One of these papers—the Carrier for
instance—is conducted on principles which Ido not understand. It
seems to pay no regard to anything but the promotion of its own party-
views, without the least consideration of justice, or equity, or fair-deal.
ing, among men. As lam compelled to believe, from the facts around
me. that the population of the world has been hitherto irrationally edu.
acted and governed, I never expect to discover any rational proceedings
in the general transactions of mankind ; and therefore seldom notice any
of the thousand errors which the public writers fall into, relative to my
views and proceedings. But when the most mischievous falsehoods
respecting them are generally and formaUly stated, day after
day, in a paper like the Courier, I deemed it due to those
who entertain similar opinions with myself, to make a reply '
to such extreme gross misrepresentations.—l enquired if a reply would
be admitted, and was informed that It would ; I presented one, and a
promise was made it should appear in a few days. After some delay, I
called to enquire when ft would be published ; and again a promise was
made that it should be given to the public in two or three days; it is more
than two months, and the promise is yet to be performed. I now again
publicly call upon the PROPItETOR of the Courier, to insert my an-
swer to the false statement of facts, and ignorant unmeaning abuse,
with which his paper was filled for three days. The Star, on the
contrary, under its new proprietors and Editor, admits all articles cuss
dankly intended for the public good into its columns, and it well
deserves the patronage of the most enlightened and disinterested part
of the public. But it must be evident to all who can
reflect, that the whole of the daily Press in London, is a
direct commercial establishment ; and that it is carried on solely
for immediate private gain ; or to promote the cause of a party
through which the advantage expected, is still individual gain to
the parties.
Now, no one under existing circumstances will find fault with the
proprietors of these commercial establishments, fa conducting thdr
papers, commercially, for commercial gains. It is their business; and
their legal mode of obtaining support for themselves and families.
Their papers are, therefore, published to sell among a people educated
to be irrational. The publishers of daily papers, in the existing state
of public affairs, are not paid for instructing the people ; and I am only
surprised that many of them should have allowed their columns to be
occupied, time after time, with subjects purely intended to enlighten the
publiejto the exclusion of their advertisements and contrary to their pecu.
maryinterests.Thit is too much to expect to be continued by any set of men,
in opposition to their interests, and it is unreasonable to ask it. But it
is evidently for the best interest of the nation, that the people should be
well instructed in the best manner, and in the shortest time ; and the
daily press is by far the best medium ever t discovered, through which
to disseminate the most useful knowledge In the shortest period ; and to
relieve the multitude from the innumerable evils which necessarily pro-
coed from ignorance and crime ; and whenever the Government shall
sequin a knowledge of the real state of the existing mind and feelings
if the population of this country, it will discover that it has a deep in-
terest In devising the best and most expeditious mode of giving read
knowledge to all climes ; foe it li the spread of such knowledge alone
that can calm the feelings of the producing dass, es&
°lady enlighten the higher classes to admit, without violence of an
equitable arrangement between them, really beneficial totboth parties.
The time for all quackery and deception is drawing to a close; truth
alone will, ere long, be permitted to occupy the attention of the public ;
end, fortunately for the world, the means have been discovered by which
truth, upon the subjects the most important to insure the prosperity and
happiness of nations, may be ascertained upon data u fixed and certain,
*these upon which the science of numbers is founded. The science of
numbers rests, like all fixed sciences, upon *few plain, simple. and self.
evident facts, and all subsequent reasoning must be in strict accordance
with these self.evident facts, without any part of it being opposed to
them. It is this perfect agreement, between all parts of a subject,which
!toilet's it to be called a science. Upon this principle, maw, in his Jodi.
vidual and social capacity, may be scientifically developed—that is, the
principles may be deduced, from unchanging facts, by which each indivi-
dual may be the best formed, ithysically, mentally, and morally, into the
meet superior character that his nature will admit, with the present know.
ledge amankind ; and the principles may also be deduced, by which
the Individual can be united with his fellows, to form the best and mat
harmonious society, to obtain the greatest amount of happiness for
aids.
Now, by far the bolt mode of disseminating this knowledge, evidently
the most valuable that the public can possess, is by the Daily Press.
this matter ot fact, I speak from experience. In 1817, by means
the Daily Peas, I disseminated preliminary knowledge relative to
science of society, more generally, in two months, than I could have
vire ebebbi the usual mode of book publimel in twty years, or more
yin one or two centuries. It is true en
it was effected, in that short
period, at an expense of upwards of four thousand pounds; but not less
than !WOO copies of the principles which I then wished to place before
the public, were then circulated in that period, mom the educated and
iiikential characters throughout every in Great Britain
aid inland; and lodged wherever the lYag7tsi rte }a were read. in
steer ports of the world. Probably, this saimine d 1 its of just and
humane principles, relative to the fonnadeit of the
.shamus I ma,
has tad some Wawa in softening rail= and political Imimmitiss
and is some degree tended toptepere the beams race to becoeseot no very
distant period, rational or consistent in their thoughts, helloes, and ac-
does. At least, such were then my expectation front the immodest
eneanures I then adopted, and these are now my motives for moil
before the public. Had I the wealth now to spare, I would
as I then did, to prove that I bad no individual or interested =I in
view. • But I now earnestly solicit the government of this country,
to remove all the obstacles which are in she way of the diffusion of
the most useful stud valuable knowledge among the poogis, by with.
thawing every impediment, and giving every facility to the
of red knowledge. throughout the British dominions. Is it too much
to sty, that this is now the plain path fox any administration to pursue,
that expects to be supported by the country ? It is evident that the
=
all countries wilt now soon have political power under their
; but it will be deeply to be regretted, if they should obtain
the pewee before they should have attained the knowledge bow to direct
it without violence, benefidally for all deems It is useless now to at.
tempt to hide from the 'maple, that the goviroments 0" the world have
UMW yet ken establlded for their benefit. Owing to the ignorance
• irrationality of sart4Mes, no moms hive yet been considered,
with a Viri to the die permanent Imppinisi of people of any
But w equally evident, that' this state of matters
Cannot be mu ledger continued ; sod the hies and prudent govern.
rams will in time far
ths &nos which the increase of know.
aid now reader lanimble. •
Se radios of governante boa, ander the forma
of the world, their datthad lastest awe, Is to direct all
balm, and mar; te wallochsoato and orsaploy the
pow pithagtitat_saite than nadir such efrasaisimms tholt they ma ion
Sae gotraumait of the United Sabo is moldag lame ap.
tioutarai this Asap, by removing some of tho iminsubb ob.

stades which ignorance has placed in the way of eduntepseple.
It has given every. adlity diffusion of knowledge throughout Its
wide extent of territory. If her no Soo of soy kia on minty or
priding materiels ices no fare on newspepers, books, or pont.
Olds ; but it conveys them all by the mail at a charge so Milos as
to give every fsdlity to their distribution throughout all the slew and
territories which campus its union, and the greatest benefit is disaby
daily experienced. The charges fee conveying are—
" For each newspaper, not carried out d the state in which it is pl.
limbed, one cent or one halfpenny. If carried out of the state, but not
tarried more than 100 miles, the same charge. Over 100 miles, aid
out of the state in which it is published, le cents or for carrying a
newspaper without a sump, or any government ohne wliateva, up.
wards of MOO miles and more. Monmtananced pamphlets, lif published
periodically, and distance not ex 100 miles, 4 cents or EL pa
sheet ; if not published periodically, dacading 100 roam, 4
mots or 3d. pa sheet, for 3000 miles and more. Smell phlets, con-
taining not more than a half sheet royal, are with half those
rates. Eight pages qurto are rated at one sheet, and all other does in
proportioo."
Here, then, is directimeouragement of the moat efficient deserip.
to all the manufacturers of writing and Pdadol_
serials, and to the general speed of knowledge over the united
States of North America. For the whole cast of • weekly news.
paper which might be filled with the most useful knowledge, and
the conveyance of it three thousand miles, may be obtained in the
United States for twopence. This is truly legislating for the be.
befit of the people, and, it is to be hoped, that the new government at
France, and the administration of this usury, will now determine to
farm arrangements, to live like facilities to the spread of knowledge
eves the two nations. We, therefore, after the long night of darkness
in which we have been kept, are juslilled by a sense of what is now due
to the population of this country in asking hem our government the
means by which it may be enlightened in the shortest time and at the
least expense. It is sorely most decidedly foe the interest of the
nation, that the direct taxes oti writing and printing =taints, and
the tax upon mummer% should be repealed, and that the maw
bides be given Sothis sewn to convey by mails
=and poinghists, as ors tided to the inhabiesntsile7lir Odra
cif North Amen. Why should a monarchical government not
Ws dm same thansoments to the people to gyrate of and raids it as
mpdikan spothenneett P It is only by a general &troika of nada
=knowlodp that the ignorance brought down to us from the
es can be removed. nem are narspapas pp,4establiebsi
V=l:this thick darkness en the minds _ and some
reateconducted with considerable abllity ,Fit a purpose.
dims are the Record and World, the first inculcating the
wens taught by the Evangelical party of tha Chnrch, and
the mond those of the three denominations of Diameters New
it is time that their superstitions should be exposed, that their
damps= doctrines should be fully made known, and test their
wretched Mons uppoonm the understanding, as they subvert oil the rational
faculties shwtkb d, should be made manifest to the world. Sane of
you say perhaps have beard that for the purpose of fairly opening this
most impede= of all subjects to the human race, I met in Apeil last
year a raid.= religion to discuss with him the subject of superstition
rally. I to prove, for the benefit of mankind, that " all
or. which is the same thing, all the supastidens of the
wora,lievileilior* in error, that they are directly opposed to the di.
vine uochanew laws of human nature, that they are necessarily the
source of vice,- &ludo, and misery, that they are now the only ebsta.
des to the hanatiat of a society over the earth, of intelligence, of
charity in its most extended sense, and of sincerity and affection, and
that these distinct religions can be no longer maintained in any
part of the world, except by keeping the great mass of the people in
Peg.
norance of their own nature, by an lamas of the tyranny of the
over the many." I proposed to prove these all.important troths, not
by exposing the fallacies of the sources whence each of these local su-
perstitions have originated. but by bringing forth for public examina-
tion, the facts which determine by what unchanging laws man is pro.
duced, and his character formed, and by showing how utterly inappli.
cable all the religions or superstitions which have been hitherto invented
and instilled into the human mind are to a being so evened and ma-
tured. For this extraordinary purpose the minister and myself met,
after a year's appointment, at Cincinnati, the chief city in the western
States of the United States, and we held a discussion for eight days,
morning and evening, in one of the principal churches of that
city. A 'thort.hand writer was employed, at the expense of
lee hundred dollars, to take down the discussion, and from
his papers, Mr. Campbell the el rrggyman published in the United Stites
• very full history of this at meeting. which, the supporters
of superstition gave out, was entirely in Mr. Campbell's favour. A
copy of Mr. Campbell's work was brought to this country, and the
editor of the World very formally announced that it should be fairly to.
published in the World—and the debate was commenced and continua
to that paper until it was nearly half given to the public; and so season
given why the remainder has been withheld. Now, I have no doubt
whatever that the more in part of the clergy ministers Ma-
covered that the victory was not on the side of superstition, but of =n-
inon sense; and they became afraid that the readers of the Woridl
should make the same discovery. Still, however, in justice and truth to
the public, the whole debate ought to have been published in the Wahl,
that the readers of it might have formed their own concludes. upon so
important a subject. Now, as these newspapers are established to .
petuate superstition In the land, others ought to be published to enlighten
the people, and to prevent their dangerous and abominable doctrines,
from destroying the faculties of the rising generation.
But the taus on paper and newspapers are an obstacle 40 all veal/
useful discussions, through the daily pe=t, which, as I have stated, Is
the most important vehicle for the (Melon of knowledge Neat hos yet
been invented. 1 therefore recommend that the new Pullman, hem
which much may be expected, compared with all forma Pediments,
should be petitioned to remove all obstacles in the way of giving haw.
ledge to the people, and especially to repeal the tax upon newspopess,l
and to pass laws for ithe cheap conveyance of knowledge over the
British Dominions. The means of ascertaining whether a =
meat deserves to be supported or not, are now becomi so
that ere long all the governed will possess the knowledge et Ahem.
The legitimate objects of all governments ought is be to devise
measures and to carry them into execution, to well educate and
employ all the people, and to units them, through a general interest in
hind feelings, with one another. By applying this universal principle
to every act of each Government, and if it shall appear that It tends to
promote any one of these objects, it is a proof that the government des
sires, and is occupied in measures to wane an improvement in the can.
&don of the governed. But if their acts ate calculated to retard the
education of the people, or to prevent these being well employed, or to
disunite them, then we may be assured that the government is a bed
one, and that it ought not to be supported by any part of the PeriadOCl.
To promote all the foregoing objects, I propose for your oosisideratios,
and, if approved, for adoption, the foll=rhg-motion—lhat we =dram
Melllajesty, and petition both Houses of Parliament, to :anon every
natal obstruction now in the way of giving the population of the Bei.
tisk dominions real knowledge, and especially upon subjects of the deep.
an interest to their well end happiness; and also to give every
national facility, by the cheap conveyance of newspapers, pasilen,
and magazines, to the diffusion of knowledge throughout the British
desaisions.
ADDRESS TO HIS MAJESTY.
Sutz—A large portion of the people in these realms are *meant and
in poverty. The means superabound in the British dominions to re.
moth- both these evils from a the tep We look to you as the
Father of the people, earning to yearhighdwtion to be the cossavator
of the pesos of Europe, and the Fiala et the Impoinsso of your
people. We, thereon, entreat you, as hood of the Mai wad State In
them mhos, to use your influence to obtain pantheism for tho people
M luau* each other in real knowledge through cheap poblitstions,
and empodisionaly conveyed to all pared the British do.
By de motel gran and jostles to dee sullaing paw of your
=yea will purism was good to your subjects, and ho miss be.
by them, than my ancestors. We balm that year Ms.
Joey and your Mthisisso, akisd by the voice and pewee et the people,
me now the most lasting benefits for @eddy, mulavan from
them rea="those evils which threaten the whole Continua of
Europe.
PETITION TO BOTH HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT.
HUMBLY Serzwavw'
That yaw petitioners have lately discovered that they and all din
people et these nabs have been trained from infancy is mar=
nines, and that they and we are sow involved in great men of
and practice. That it will be highly benefkial to your petitioners, and
to the people. new to be permitted to sequin real knouts* in the
shortest time and Is the best maser. That the best seeds aditlns
the people real Imetri In the sheeted time, is by the
of cheep rebate! ,intdeas, writhe by dins who =lto lownst
the is the most valuable knowledge, and who howeno lothosot in
niia them. That for the attdmeent of this prellmiosey *jest
for the improvement of the creaks of the productive
all imposts and restraints upon the most free dauhulstin
knowledge should be abolished, all taxes on writing or pan.
log materials should be repealed, and every facility given is
the diffusion of knowledge in the most speed and is.
manner throughout the British dominions. That, al
taxes on paper, newspapers, advertisements, pamphlets, Botha pub.
licatious, as well as the securities required from the ptddlibsts dams.
papers, are direct and most heavy drags on the possums of the most
valuable knowledge among the people, and tend mete dime way mita
cause to perpetuate mental slavery among thorn, youridssom pot
that all such taxes and intros be 'grad and withdraws, the die
people may look with to their rulers to redrew their visage
sod ameliorate their condition.
And your Petitioners will ever prey.

[We Had it Impossible, tososhoest with the ether atrasgemeeste dust
matter, to West toddy the farther &sib le tW Meedog ; but we shall
rissole oar tee/ tootwortoo. The shoes sesyseheeds the whole et Mr.
Owen's tomb ea the Prate. We is tomesave the aoseitteles
of Ms Allies" Os the hest side of Orbs the Nei hassisige,"
sod as acoosst et the other seelesilasa . the now
thse k isestowy toe), ifist the Mew le hidlojesty, sod redden
Pediesest, use
awed to shoat seeshoesdy.l
