. . - . vv.!, -, --torprwyrs^-
avvvvrv-u-.r-.---414:79"'" -.....--7.-".1774775" '-'7W. % .41: . - .-7-7777-7".""wr -- - ---- —7 :. ..• . . • • - .
a '`.. •
. . . PerL • at. -
... e • ,
•- • .
,e, , • , : i
- .• - -la - ''' LO P •
' • .
•
I ~j. • ~• .10i. .
_,.. ' ::./•'; S • .
•
\lit.o..i . :,.. .. In
.•...Z.,
. ts, -*/ ''.•"'
•
•
. •
• 1 .
I .
- . • , k 1,./ ,
.•
-
lk)- 5 f • I.
. ' ..... - .., .
A (
• . . • . . .
..,.,.,...,,,,,
~.. 4.46...
Akw._4l
k. 44044.......
..../ ....so S. •
...,.
4*
I i
... - . •
___ • _
• _
MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 11, 1827• i [PRICE SEVENTENCF .. .• 1 I
1...
N i '
'APIL
•
L DEB
ay 24.
- 1 '
t un& .
• •
n ant
remai
giNet
e Mir , : •
i 1
e Con
i
A'Co
Min
yid I;
new
W. J
other
il ti) t
- • :
he wi
. .1
ter is 11
ve G 7
ll(
d, 1a
. .
-• . .
kethi
~.....:, .4
) Bra
600 t
.., and
•
I'
1
Ha at
•• .•
fiat ( ), i
is wf
lit
Mail
1I 1 .
iliera 1,
paw
- i
ing , .
0 "
WV •
. ,
Pig le 1 '
i i
• I
i 1
:
if, t
•
.
; 4
1.-
i

'EOM THE JOURNAL DES DEBATE.
, LISBON,- bray 24, ,
It would appear that the best understanding does not
subsist between General Clinton and Sir W. A'Courts
It has for sometime past been remarked that the for.
met does not.attend the dinners given by the latter, and
that he more frequently visits the Minister of War, who
is regarded as the chief of the Constitutional party;
while on the other hand Sir W. A'Cotirt neglects that
Minister, and is often with the Ministers for Foreign
Affairs, the Home Department, and Finance, who are
considered as less attached to the new institutions.
It is, besides believed that Sir W. A'Court and Ge:.
neral Clinton differ essentially as to the manner in which
they represent the state of Portugal to the English Go-
vernment; the former describing the whole country as
hostile to the charter, while the latter is of opinion that
the only enemies of Representative G vernment ate
sinaink,'n-retag-enoolnity"4ll4 forWaillas M-,
s"
.on of cemain prieilegsts. '• •
An attempt has been Made'to make the Th regiment
of the line, which garrisons Casrelfo Branca, mutiny.
but it completely failed; and out of 600 troops only 24
sheared any thing of a seditious spirit, and they were in.,
tozicated. They were all arrested.
MADRID. MAT 0.
The dispatches by which M. d'Qfalia anticancer the
failure of his negotiation for the evacuation of the French
'troops have surprised Very few persons who bee at all
initiated in the secrets of 'the Government; but whit
now.excites general astonishment (and I warrant the
fact) is, that in pursuance of fresh deliberations of the
Council of State, a ;sew negotiation is commeeced with
the French Government for withdrawing its troops t'
and, that befite.ihis letter reaches you these new pro-
Officially made he our,Citarge d'Affaires
is even said that an aumgraph letter of the
ICipgpiis Veer!. teins/mit teal cc; hisAroatthristian Majesty,
earnestli the fiepch troops.
the Court of Kolitechat eortioseoced a negotiation of
a dif6cuh and whamaY terminate by embroil-
ing us with the Holy See. , •
You are doubtless aware that ieVeral of the hew
States of America have solicited the Court of Rome to
.enter into concordats with them, and that the Pupal
Government had already, without success, mode over-
tures to our Government to induce it to enter, into some
'compromise with its former subjects.'
' • However, some of' the States whidYs gralplled to the
Holy See. appearing to set no great value on the soc
of their applications, and having even plainly declared
that they _could do very well without Papal bulls and
briefs, his Holioess perceived that farther procrastine-
6on would be dangerous, and proposed to our Govern-
-went, that his bulls and briefs shoold go 'to America
,without the 'King's ciarlairr. which, besides causing eta-
W.hfires would be attroded with:thee:lore Wiens in-
convenience of causing the rejection of the bulls ale
briefs by the States to which they might be addressed.
TROM THE ETOILZ, DATED SATURDAY, JUNE 9.
V lEN NA, JUNIL I.—(Br al EITI“ORDINAILY COSIZTANCL)
`less following is the letter written by Lord Cochrane after the
Ant combat in the Pincus:
" TO rue cinatrrrxe or immunizer or acme.
" A battle, glorious to the Greek arms, has been fought to-day.
It was eoteSseuced by the marines, who were landed on the several
points of the coast of the Peninsula (Munichya), and drove before
Ow the enemies who were ported there. The bad boys,. not
willing to be surpassed in courage by the marines, also rushed on
the enemy.
" While the Hydriots and Spezziots were making themselves
masters of the enemy's positions in the Peninsula, the troops advan-
ced en the other side of the Piraeus, whence, at this unexpected at-
tack of the heroic courage of the Greeks, the Turks fled like a lock
thrown into confusion.
" From this day begins a new era in the military system of mo-
dern Greece. If every one behaves to-morrow as all, without ex-
ception, have behaved to-day, the siege of the Acropolis will be
raised. and the liberty of Greece ensured.
" My wishes and my desires are, that the Greeks may obtain
liberty for a period longer than that in which they have endured
slavery, and that their glory may equal that of their ancestors.
is The port of the Piraeus, " COCHRANE."
25th of April.

AUTOBIOGRAPHY, VOL XIIt.
This day was published, ia I Mao. pries Me. 44i. boards,
THE MEMOIRS of JAMES HARDY VAUX, a
Swindler and Thief, ,now Transported for the Second Tinto,
sod foe Life, to New South Wales. Second Edition.
Printed for Hunt and Clarke, York-street.

AMERICAN NOVELS, BY THE AUTHOR OF
" THE SPY," atc. &c.
THE PIONEERS; or, the Sourcie of the Susque-
llama; a descriptive Tale. Second Edition, Three Vols.
I2mo. Ito. boards.

Loodoo : Printed, by assignment of John Miller, for W.Sirnp-
Ms and B. Marshall, Stationers'.Halli.court, Ludgate-street.
Of whom may be had,
The Las? of the Moamar.% Three Vol.. 12mo. 2&s. boards.
The PILOT ' ditto.
bones. Lncot.n ditto.

%IRE 'ENSTOLAIW CokitEBI,OSIISENcE of
.A. the Right Hon. EDMUND RORKE and Dr. FRENCH
LAU RENCE.
Published front the Original Manuscripts.
. .Printed fur C. and J. Rivington, St. Paul's Church-yard, and
~Printed fur
Palignati, Landon. _

- or :alum may be had,
A new edition of this Works of the Right Honourable Banaunn
Bout., in Fourteen. Vol& fivo. price £5 t6s. In boards.
irr The Fattens& and Siareentb Volumes, with a Gansaat.
Irma: to the Vouratas, are in the Press, and will shortly
be published.

BREWERS' COMPANY. •
Oa the-ha of June was published (continued on the First of oft
- Mrmth), Part V. price ts. an
A ecouNr of the CHARITIES of .PRESTOSti
LOWTHER, and BRnfIIgYIAIII. and of the !lasi's+
Counter. London; digested from be
.Reports of the Commie-.
Filature bp 'Oar-liable Fptiudatlons;~wltENotes and Conuisents; by
the IldfiOr. of - .
• " :twit CABINET-LAWYER."
• Port L eeetaini an Account Of the Cfsakititiesi Cacariolgi,im
London; with the Charts es of the iltipe.4o, *NI Ilueijugistsist
•
*
' Companies. ' . ' •
c,r • • •
..Part 11. chinpifses the 'Charities'. Ote,-Fiker oad. Cogiore. et
• 16111.171. n.
*it
Part ITT. iintiptEei tie'Cliatitteionbe noaii of Sourewaax.
Part IV. Cotlfaine ike Chiritb:o of tlti*Ctietpf &TM, and of die
Botamartss' Courini.
" This work is. uniuestiOnablyiraT'es4k.iv:ce, and we eels
with great confidence re-644-neud it, to ca. The N...
and Comments, by the Editor. are elpeldatity and satisfactory'
and he has executed his diflicuk with ustitit tot and ability."
—Tug Seas, March 15, 18'27.
London: Printed fur W. Simpkin ancla: Marshall, Stetlenete.
hall-court, Ludgate-street.

" Domus et pl-acens utor."—Boa.
Thy house, and (in the cup oink, •
That honey-drop) thy pleasing wife.
HAPPINESS 6' the gay to-morrow of the mind" is
insured by marriage ; " the strictest tie of perpetual Friend-
skip," is a gift from Heaven, cementing pleasure Math reason, by
which, siys Johnson, "we approach in some degree of association
with celestial Intelligence."
Previous, however, to entering into AN hallowed oldisiation, it
becomes an imperative duty, not only tti regulate the paasions,,biat
to cleanse the grosser nature from these impurities which the heti-
dorn of unrestricted pleasure may have entailed upon it. To the
neglect of such attention, are attributable many of those hapless
instances which, while they excite the commiseration of the he-
' holder, should also impress him with the fear of self-reproach.
Luxurious habits will effeminize the body—a residence in the
tropics will relax the elastic fibre—but more especially does the
premature infatuation of youth too frequently compromise the na-
tural dignity into a state of inanition, from whence the agonised
sufferer more than tioubts the chance of relief. To all such then,
we address ourselves, offering hope, energy, muscular strength'
felicity; nor will our advances appear questionable sanctioned as
they are by the multiplied proofs of 20 years' successful experience.
The easy cares of married life are somethnes disturbed by the
suspension of those blessings which concentrate the nuptial wreath
—for the female habit is often constitutionally weak—yet it can be
strengthened, and deficient energy improved into functional power.
In every case of syphilitic intrusios, as wellies in every relaxation
of the generative economy, we pledge our ability to cure speedily,
and with effect. Earnestly solicitous to expel the unfeeling einpyrie
from the position so presumptuously taken up, we deviate from
general principles with less hesitation ; and confident in our own
honourable integrity as Members of the College of Surgeons, we
refer the suffering community of either Sex (especially those entering
into matrimonial lift) at once to our house, where daily attendance
is given for personal consultation ; and letters from the c aN
immediately answered ; these must contain a remittance for A
and Medicine, which can be forwarded to any part of the world, I
however distant. GOSS and Co. M.R.C. Surgeons,
No. It, Bouverie-street, Fleet-street, London.
11*-.lost published (Seventeenth Rdition),l. The Sots of Lira,
a familiar Commentary on the above Diseases. god, Hvou.sue.,
addressed exclusively to the Female Sex. May be had at 16,
Princes-street, Soho; 174, Fleet-street.; 4, Catherine-street, Strand ;
Sherwood, Gilbert, and Piper, 20, Paternoster-row ; and Chapple,
59, Pall-mall, London; Porter, 72, Grafton-street, Dublin;
APPlion, 155, Trongate, Glasgow; 9, C-alton-street, Edinburgh ;
land of all Booksellers. Price ss.

•
PROCLAMATION
OF OIDIZILAL CHURCH Ott LTAVIKO His HEAD QUARTZU AT AMARA
TO MARCO TO ATHENS.
" The Generalissimo to all the Greeks.
" Appointed by the Greek nation, and by its representatives at
Trazene, to the dignity of Commander-in Chief, I cannot but
make known how sensibly I feel the greatness of the sacred duty
which this post imposes on me, and how highly I appreciate the
honour which it confers on me. I know that neither my talents
nor my acquirements render me worthy of the glorious title of
Generalissimo of Greece; but the zeal with which I have long
since devoted myself to the interest of that coutury,recommends
me to the love and confidence of the whole nation, and the more so
as a great number of those who have signalized themselves in
fighting for their country were formerly my companions in arms.
" The Greek nation, happily united in a national assembly at
Trazene, must already expect great advantages from union, patriot-
ism, and energy, and soon, delivered from tyranny, it will be re-
cognised by the whole Christian world as a celebrated and inde-
pendent nation. Hasten, then, Greeks of all ages and ranks, who
ate able to bear arms, and range yourselves under the standards of
your country. Hasten to deliver the illustrious Athens, and expel
the barbarians from its sacred walls. Hasten, sad doubt not that
the trophies of victory which you will gain in Attica, will surpass
the ?rending in splendour, and lay the foundation of the safety
and the immortal glory of Greece.
" On my part, I will endeavour by all imaginable means to sup-
port the courage of the warriors, and to preserve from all acts of
violence the inhabitants of the country through which the troops
shall pass; and if, with the assistance of Heaven, we have delivered
Athens. the warriors must then receive the reward of their valour,
and the citizens in the introduction of a system which permits no
violation of the laws.
" Suck, in a few words, are my sentiments, which I make known
to all the Greeks, at the moment when I take the command of the
army at Megaza ; and be assured, Greeks, that the glorious com-
mander of the navy, as well as myself, is firmly resolved to comet:
bute, by all his efforts, and by all possible means, to lay the founda-
tion of your happiness, your glory, and your independence.
(Signed) " CHURCH. Generalissimo of Greece.
" Given at Megan, April 20."--ifsisirian Observer.*
PARIS, Juts 8.
The Duke of San Carlos is appointed Ambassador
from. his Catholic Majesty to the Court of France.
A letter from Havre, of the 6.h of June, says—
" Commodore Porter has captured, off Cape St. Antonio,

USE vsasus ORRAMENT;
OR, THE FORTUNATE SPECULATOR:
• CANADIAN nictnene.
WITH other ingenious productions of Art,
Glass ornaments seldom have faol to Impart
To nations ancivilied, wonder and joy,
All eager to purchase each glittering toy.
A pair of Glass Boots were to Canada sent,
And thence on a mission of merchandise went
The Indians amongst, during successive days
Who hen' the bright strangers with raperous
The Owner while &tering his hopes, that these Boots
A treasure would yield in commercial pursuits,
And save him in barter even three-fold the son
Ile else might expend for Tobacco and Rum.
The Chief of the nation held confabulation,
And then to the Deakr proaounc'd this oration:
These toys are attractive indeed, to the eye,
But yet they no permanent uses supply ;
Hence nothing av3iiing, we certainly rather
Would prize a defence against wet and cold weather;
For which in these ornaments looting in vain,
Adieul and your Glass Boots pray take back again!"
The Settler chagrin'd, yet cot lost to all hope,
Retied, and resolving with Fortune to cope,
Instanter to London dispatcli'd his command
To purchase at 30, the Mart in the Strand,
A quantum sufScit of WARREN'S Jet Blacking,
That nothing of happy result might be lacking.
The Order was sent, and the Merchant set out
Again to the Indians, in confident route,
With Boots of stout leather, like mirrors that shone,
4. Ah ! these," cried the Chief, " past defect will atone r
With furs in profusion his rapture now backing,
Enrichhig the Settler through Wakens's Jet Blacking.
This Easy bhining and Brilliant BLACKING Prepared by

• This number of the Audio► Observer will not be received in
the usual course till the day after to-morrow.—Note of CA.*.
