FROM THE LOIVDON GAZETTE, April 12.

OFFICE OF THE LORD CHAMBERLAIN TO THE
QUEEN.
ST. JAMES'S MATCH 25.

Notice is hereby given, that the Queen will bold a Drawing-room
at St. James's-palace, on Thursday, the 14th of April next.
WAR OFFICE, Aran 12.
13th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Lieutenant Thomas Earle
Welby, from the inth Foot, to be lieutenant, vice Neville, who

exchanges.
3d Regiment of Foot Guards—Ensign sad Lieutenant Beresford B.
Id' Mahon to be Lieutenant and Captain, by purchase, vice Hood,
who retires ; Guildford James Hillier Onslow, Gent. to be Ensign
and Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Al' Mahon.
Ist Regiment of Foot—Capt. C. C. Coote, from the 49th Foot, to be
Captain, vice Pesky, who exchanges.
3d Foot—Eric Mackay Clarke, Gent. to be ensign, without purchase,
vice Ludbey, who resigns.
13th Foot—Ensign Hamlet Wade to be Lieutenant, without pur-
chase, vice Cisambre, deceased. To be ensigns—Ensign Henry T.
Hutchins. from 14th Foot, vice Spread, who exchanges ; Thomas
Sewell, Gent. vice White, whose appointment has not taken pile, ;
George King. Gent. vice Wade, promoted.
14th Foot—Ensign Robert Deane Spread, from tbs 13th Foot, to be
Ensign, vice Hutchins, who exchanges.
16th Fosc—To be Lleutesants, without purchase.—Rnsign Franck
Falrtluugb, vice O'Dwyer, deceased ; Ensign John Bruce, vice
Whittaker, who retires. To be Ensigns, without purchase—Sir W.
Ogilvie, Bart. vie, Urquhart, deceased ; William Robert Lion Ben-
net, Gent. vice Bruce.
26th Foot—Lieotenant Pulse Percy Neville, from the 13th Light
Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, eke Welby, who exchanges.

51st Foot—Ensign Thomas Fender to be Lieutenant, without pur-
chase, vice Booth, deceased ; Patrick Thomas Ramsay White,
Gent. to be Resign, vice Fender.
33d Foot--Ensign George Augustus Vernon Graham to be Lieu-
tenant, by purchase, vice Paterson, promoted.
35th Foot—Major George Teuton to be Lieutenant-Colonel, by pur-
chase, vice Macdonald, who retires; Captain Henry Semple to be
Major, by purchase, vice Teuton.
40th Foot--John &ewart Wood, Gem. to be Ensign, without pur-
chase, vice Ahop, deceased.
41st Foot—Lieutenant Percival Browne to be Captain, vice Dawson,
deceased. Tribe Lieutenants, without purcbase--linsign William
vice Boultbee, deceased ; Ensign Anoellus Fry, vice Smith,
dersosedi Ensign William May, vice Browne, promoted. T. be
limns, without drasa—John Lawrie, Gent. vice Morris ;
erdert P 4 Sans vise : &sheet Butler, Gent.
4./. ay. To be ilieree—Stalf-Surgeon Alexander Pamilton,
V.D. from the beam to be Surgeon, vice Thomas Montgomery
Parrott, who ex
44th Font--LieutenauhilMiaas %calf Scott to be Captain, without
purchase, vice Andrews, deceased.
48th Foot—William George White, Gent. to be Ensign, without pur.
chase. vice Campbell, appointed to the 49th Foot.
49th Foot—To be Captains—Captain Gilbert Pasley, from the Ist
Foot, vice Cootie, who exchanges • Lieutenant William Pitman.
from the 59th Foot. without purchase, vice Leith, deceased. To
be Lieutenants, without purchase—Ensign John Leslie Dennis,
vice Fleming, deceased; Ensign John Malcolm, vice Matthew,
deceased. To be Ensigns, without purchase—Ensign Colin Camp-
bell. from the 48th Foot, vice Dennis ; Henry Rainey, Gent. vice
Malcolm.
syth Foot—Major Humphrey Ruben Hartley to be Lieutenant-Colo-
nel, by purchase. vice Shadforth, who retires ; Captain Philip Aubin
to be Major, by purchase, vice Hartley; Lieutenant Thomas Shad-
forth to be Captain, by purchase, vice Aubin ; Ensign William
Tranter to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Shadforth.
soth Foot—Gentleman Cadet Adam John Laing Peebles, from the
Royal Military College, to be Ensign, without purchase.
moth Foot—Captain Joseph Clavell Siadon Slyfield, to be Major, by
purchase, vice Macpherson. who retires; Lieutenant Francis Mari-
tal to be Captain, by purchase, vice Slyfield ; Second Lieutenant
Charles Orgehl Leman to be First Lieutenant, by purchase. vice
Marlton; Richard Byrd Levert, Gent. to be Second Lieutenant, by
purchase, vise Leman.
61st Foot—Ensign Henry Vicars to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice
Heyland, promoted ; Charles Frederick Mayne, Gent. so be Ensign,
by purchase, vice Vicars.
65th Foot—Quartermaster James Elliott, from half pay 43d Foot, to
be Quartermaster, vice Coleman, retired with a commutation al-
lowance.
82d

Foot—Captain Edward Grant Stokes, from the half-pay, to be
Captain, vice Charles Mortimer, who exchanges.
rth Foot—Assistant-Surgeon James Walsh, from the 89th Foot, to
be Assistant-Surgeon.
kh Foot—Bellingbaus George Fenton Graham, Gent. to be Ensign,
by purchase, vice Hobart, who retires.
I West India Regiment—Robert Hunter, Gent. to be Ensign, with.
out purchase, vice Crompton, deceased.
nuarracwoo.

Lieutenant John Flayley Heyland, from the 61st Foot, to be Captain
of Infantry, by purchase.

Captain Edward Powell, upon half.pay Unattached, has been allowed
to retire from the service by the sale of an Unattached Commission.
The appointment of Brevet Lieutenant.Colosel Robert Johns, from
half-pay Ist Garrison Battalion, to be Major in the 89th Foot, as
stated in the Gazette of the inetant, has not taken place.
Commission by the Lard Lienteosat of the County of Rearm.
William Malcolm Fleming, Esq. to be Vice-Lieutenant.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Lincoln.
Royal South Lincoln MUltia—.Cluistopher Turner, Esq. to be Cap.
tale ; Willbun Torkington, Esq. to be ditto.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Surrey.
Robert Kirkpatrick Escott, Esq to be Deputy Lieutenant.
2d Regiment of Royal Surrey Militia—Andrew Gardener, Gent. to be
Ensign, vice Ramsay. resigned.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kent, and City
and County of the City of Canterbury.
To be Deputy Lieutenants—John Every, Thomas Heyter Longden, J.
Bell, Francis Bradley, John Atkins, Arms Akers. George Lewis
Newnham Collingwood, Thomas Papillon, jun. Robert Willis
Blencowe, William Masters Smith, Esquires.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Kent.
West Kent Regiment of Militia—Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson, Bart.
'to be Captain • John Whitehead, Esq to be ditto ; Decimus Wood.
gate (and not William Woodgate, as inserted In the Gazette of the
Ist instant), Gent. to be Lieutenant; Dutcher, Gent. to be En.
sign • George Porter, Gent. to be ditto.
East Kent Regiment of Atilitia--Frederick John Cumming, Gent. to
be Ensign.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Middlesex.
Uxbridge Yeomanry Cavalry—Chariot Newdigate Newdigate, Esq. to
be First Captain ; Hubert de Burgh, Esq. to be Captain ; Algernou
Greville' Gent. to be Lieutenant; Thomas Clark, Gent. to be ditto;
Thomas John Herring, Gent. to be Cornet; Frederick Cox, Gent. to
be ditto.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County Palatine of
Lancaster.
George Bova, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant ; Samuel Holker Has-
lam, Esq. to be ditto.
Ist Battalion of Royal Lancashire Militia—William Howitt. Gent. to
be Ensign.
9d Battalion—Ensign Charles Jones, to be Lieutenant; Ensign Geo.
Williams Gorden, to be ditto : William Radcliffe, Gent. to be ditto.
Commissioos by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Somerset.
George Emery. Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant ; John Wiltshire, jun.
Esq. to be ditto ; Robert Baker, Esq to be ditto ; Charles Aaron
Moody, Esq. to be ditto; Sir Alex. Hood, Bart. to be ditto.
Ist Somerset Regiment of Militia—Edward Seymour Bally, Esq. to
be Captain ; Alexander Warre, Esq. to be ditto ; John Wright,
Gent. to be Ensign • Richard Lovelock Cox, Gent. to be di:to ;
Frederick Barton Teach, Gent. to be ditto.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Dorset.
Dorsetshire Regiment of Volunteer Yeomanry Cavalry—Cornet Sa-
muel Cox to be Lieutenant; Joseph Firth, Gent. to be Adjutant;
Nicholas J. Trowbridge. Gent. to be Surgeon.
Charborough Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry—John Samuel Wonky
Sawbridge Erie Drat, Esq. to be Captain ; Hector Bower Moore.
Gent. to be Lieutenant ; William James Maxwell, Gent. to be
Comet.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Norfolk.
Norfolk Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry—The Honourable George John
Milks, to be Major • Sir Jacob Astley, Bart. to be Captain; the
Right Honourable Lord Charles Vere Ferrari Townshend, to be
ditto; Joseph Scott, Gent. to be Lieutenant; Charles Loftus, Gent.
to be ditto ; Andrew Gifting, Gent. to be Cornet; Berney Cald-
well, Gent. to be ditto.
CROWN OFFICE, Arum 12.
MEM BERS returned to serve in this present Parliament.
Borough of Colchester.—Willtam Mayhew, of Fenchurch.strees,
London, and Coggeshall, in the county of Essex, Esq. in the room of
Andrew Spottiswoode, Esq. the last election for the said Borough, so
far as relates to the said Andrew Spottiswoode, having been deter-
mined to be void.

Borough of Mahon—Fran:is Jeffrey, Esq. in the room of Sir James
Sculett, KM. who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
WHITEHALL, Aran. 7, 1631.
The King has been pleased to grant unto Henry Jell. Esq. a Cap-
tain in the Army, and to Clarissa Amelia Sharp, of Rincarrochy, in
the Shire of Perth, in North Britain, spinster, Ma Royal licence and
authority that, from and after the solemnisation of their intended mar-
riage, they may assume, use, bear, and constantly retain the surname
of Sharp, in addition to and after that of Jelf, and the designation of
Rincarrochy ; and that the said Henry Jelf may also bear the arms of
Sharp, quarterly with those of Jelf.
DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
Cwss, Wimaam, 125, Goswell-street, apothecary.
BANKRUPTS.
Powatx, Bars, Llangammarcb, Brecon, cattle dealer, Aprll 26, 27,
and May 24, at eleven, at the Castle Hotel, Brecon. Attorneys,
Messrs. Bidwell, Roberts, and Finch, New-square, Lincoln's Inn ;
and Messrs Vaughan and Beevan, Breton.
Slang, Damn, late of Mayfield, Staffordshire, and Salm, Jona
Bunatsv, Liverpool, cotton spinners, April 21, 11, and May 24, at
eleven, at the Bell Inn, Derby. Attorneys, Messrs. Johnson and
Wise, Ashboroe, Derby ; and Sir. Harbor, 122, Fetter-lane, Lon-
don.

April 22, T. S. Alger,
nits:loners—May 10. J.
ten, at the Court of Coma
street, Great Dova-road,
Commissioners—May 3,
mercers, at eleven, at the
son of Pickering, York.
C,otiltnissioners--111ay 3, i
at twelve, at the Court of 1/4
f King, oFalcon.street, wine
missivners-- May 3, T. C.
the Court of Commission.
of Coventry, ribbon-manu..
ers—.May 3, E. Emmerson,
eleven, at the Court of Catlin
vW.street, Piccadilly, tailor, a
May 3, G. Brown, of Illaldont
of Cl/4matissiouersi.—.lday
the Commercial Rooms _
merchant, at one, at the Bath
Ly. Linea...hire, grocer, at 1
Lamulon, of Jlonkw,armoul
manufecturera, at ,Leven.
Monk wearmouth-Shore—
C. I:hadwick. of Oldham,
Star Inn, Blanchester—May
sham, Lancashire, hat manufactut
cherter—May 10, W. Hi
I IVilday's Royal Hotel, I
CBI
W. Grant, Gosport,
minattr, dealer in fish— \
dealer—F. W. Starry, Yo.
chant— W. Landray, Lime
PA !ITN—
G. Berrey and J. C.
Burt and H. P. Burt,
Beinsloy. Nottingham,
& J. Smith--J. Bowers/.
—J. Buler and T. Bodtley,
Evans, Stratford-upon- Avot
and W. G. Hardley, Strand,
Beavis, Great Suffolk-street,
laston and W. l'errin,
chants—J. Wood and J. ,
Harrison and H. Allwrigln
and Co. Bristol, soap-manuf
Ball and J. Whitehead,
A. W. Forbes and Co. GL
place, shelton, engravers—S.
Salop, druggists_—.l. Laing
ship-brokers—B. Chapman
K. Page and E. Blackmore,
Arrowsmith and Co. Manchester,
Afro wanith—P. Kempen
mingharn, millers—G. Davis
stone and J. Hunter, Cheltusfoil
W. Coleman, Ryde, Isle
and G. Wray, Hightown
C. IV. Fowler, Bristol,
vage.gardens, wice-merch
wall, dealers in dry battery,
Leeds, stone-merchants-
Sussex, chemists.

-sigvativirm
20 Yer Cent
& .
nd LAVAG rchan•a.
,
t one, at John.
itto:neys, tiV5 le Inv. •
Lomas Da • * l.
Leicester, a , go, at
_
•
tslr. Richard -1‘ - ewe, Lakes:et.
at the White Bre Head,' licßeiter. Attr•
(Met, Gray'. lun..qoare; and .1 r Richard
, Kingston-upon Hull, linen draper, April ei,.
:wen, at the Kingston Hotel, Kingston upco•
r. T. J. Alderson, Chiricery.laite ; an ;Ili
ecastie-upon. Tyne, dyer, April IS,
the Half Moon Inn, Newcastle-Joie...l' weir.
Wilson. Newcastie-upoo.Tyne ; and lb 0.
Hogs, Gray'a
DIVIDENDS.
, of t.ton, miller, at three, at the C.,Urt ef C. an-
Lauriere, n: S.. Jetnea's.street, goldatott.i. •
antatooners—dlay :;, J. Stevens, of Deverei..
I, Surrey, builder, at twelve, at the Court
, W. Ward!: arj W. W. %Vir.k, of Meth, .11;:.
Court of Commisatoners—clay 3, It. .I,:itet.
kshire, haberdasher, at eleven, at the Court oi
R. K..or and J. Little, of Ipswich, te.t.dealer. ,
Centrissioners—'.Day 3, M. D. King and H
sine merchants, at twelve, at the Curt of Can .
C. Williams, of Norwich, tea. dealer, at ten. et
n ,rl.—M.l 10, It. Burbery and 0.. J.
lufat.urera, at ten, at the Court of Lonuntastoo.
erson, of Alderinanbury. warebouseutan,
Commissioners--May 3, M. Milne*, of Suck. e
allot, at twelve, at the Court of Commissioners
laldon, Essex, merchant, at eleven, at the Court
r 14, N. Brown, of Bristol, druggist, at eleven at
Bristol-i-May, IS, B. 11. Weller, Bristol, tito.!,e. i•
lath Tavern. Bristol— May 3, J. Hari ing of Chi i•
at 12, at th. Bull Ino,Pres,on-.May3. E. and R
armouth-Shore, ilurhim, chain and anchor •
:yen, at the Monk weal:mouth-Shore Hot..,
e—May 7, W. Chadwick R. Chadwick, an I •
un, Lancashire, machine makers, at use, at tie:
-May 7, W. Travis and J. Stopford, of Alldrf: •
manufacturers, at nine, at the Star Inn, Man-
:Judson, Birmingham, victualler, at eleven.
Birmingham.
ECRTI FICA TES-- NIA r 3. I ,
silversmith—T. Ball, lAchfield.street. 'Weer •
-W. F. Bray, Liverpool-street, St. Pancras,
York, dealer—W. Williams, Manchester,not•
rime Regis, Doraet, printer.
7NERSH IPS DISSOLVED.
Burton, Nottingham, lace manufacturers-I'.
Devises, ironmongers—T. Barber and Co.
, coal masters, so far as regards D. Frer:4
sand W. Rowe,St. Leonard's, &lase:, plait
dey, Leeds, cabinet makers—W. hod and B
.Avon, Warwick, glass merchants-T. Filler
trand, wine merchants—T. Palmer and M.
street, Southwark, general dealers—J. WA-
. hlaryiebone.lane, Oe(ard-street, wine mer.
1. •
Rackham, Long acre, coach builiers—J. S •
Fright, Bath, carvers and gilder—E. B. Frill,
utnufacturers, so far as regards D. Fripp—P. •
cad, Clettient'a•court, Milk.street, agents—
). Glasgow—J. Wood and H. Steel, Albion.
ra—S. Bickerton and J. Bickerton, Oswestry,
Laing and J. Younghusband, South Shield.,
man and E. V. Southerne, Leeds, merchant,. -
kmore, Liverpool, corn commission agents—J.
Manchester, merchants, so far as relates to H.
punt and H. C. Kempeoti, Albion Mill, Bir.
Davis and E. Davis, Leeds, opticians—R. John-
henna:aid, tea-dealers—P. T. Hellyer and W.
Isle of Wight, coal-merchants—W. Whiteley
to and Mirlield, Leeds, painters—R. Goss and
, haberdashers—A. Bowden and T. Wild, Sa.
tchants—H. Dawson and T. ,Xurner, London.
eery—B. Jackson and J. Perkin, Putter Newton,
s—J. Caudle and P. Drake, Brignthtlias on,
- -
,lAL PAIILIAII
SE OF LORDS, Aram 12. • •
t this day, pursuant to adjournment.
k his seat on the woolsiek, iu the ah..-nee ,if
• 7
:1510ND presented a petition from the Lie of
' the Ball in the tidier liouae for Parliamentary
RICK said he held in his hand a petition frodt
'persons, the Chamber of Commerce of Limerick,
titary Reform. He was sensible of the locative-
on this subject before ihe proper time, and
more than the words netraistry to introduce the
en called upon by a letter which anconipaiisui e.
ered it his duty to state that he differed trout the
in the view taken of the measute fur R‘toros in
not one of those uncompromising persons who
but he opposed the 11.11 in the other House,
Id not be curled in o effect with safety to the
ISTOL presented petitions from New Sarum,
daces, against slavery.
LLE presented a petition from Abergavenny for
'INC/JESTER presented a petition against
rated twelve petitions from various parts of the
tenementary Reform. Also a petition from the
of Bristol, for the protection of %Vest India
canted a petition form Durham, for Iteforni.
the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBUR
OUSE OF COMMONS.
.ving taken the Chair, stated to the House thzt
ran from John Hart, an elector of the City
ling of an undue election for that City. It w
o consideration May 3.
moved for a new writ for Shaftesbury, in the
Dugdale, in the stewardship of the Chiltern
'CON NELL took the oaths and his seat for the
e was introduced by his father and another
toted a petition from Donegal in favour of the i
Doted a petition from merchants of Manchester.
'arliament ; also a petition from the weavers ut'
f • distress, many of them not being able to get
)r 6s. per week. They prayed that there wish: i •
sport of cotton twist.
d that .he cotton w 11 over Lancashire
;tress.
r must deprecate the imposition of any duty on
writ, which would destroy that manufutero. •
avers.
sented a petition from Bolton against parts of
HI presented a petition from the Corporation
:ertain parts of the Reform BilL He admitted •
necessary, but not such a sweeping one.
/CATE took his seat for Melton.
REFORM SILLS.
asked whether there were to be any corrected
a, &c. proposed to be affected by the Reform •
ELI. mid the first return was made out at the
o framed the bill taking no part in it. The paper
is a corrected return of the population Morns of
