occumanoe

SPECIAL COMMISSION.

SALISBURY, J. 3.
Before Mr. Baron VAVONAIr, Mr. Justice J. PAILICII4 Mr. Justice
A LOSIII3II, the Earl of RADNOR, Slid Mr. EITCOUST, Com-
missioners.
John Ford, aged 17, was ellempil with having riotously and tumul-
tuously assembled with dims ueszia, and forcibly entered a cer-
tain factory, and thmalhitsi, dawn, and destroyed c ruin
machinery therein, bsismelig ID Nash, at Quidhamptoo.
The Jury returned a siege Guilty; and the Court ordett-d sertence
44 death to be recorded gist Wm
Mr. Justice Pasts ass silismosi des prisoner :—Prisoner, you will
understand that by our weft swims of death to be recorded against
you, we coosider yaw INN as vothy • f the royal mercy. It is only in
consideration of our tender yeas that we have come to that de:amine.
tto
the
vital foryouiratests
of se .
eseris etm p magnitude, and of actions importance

John Jennings, Is, Gawp fibergold, 23, Henry Sherg.,ht. 30,
Thomas Watley 17, James Down, 22, Isaac Cok, 18, William
ream, 11, William Lewis, 30, and William Jacobs, SI. were
thus,' with hatimgrklenely and tumultously assembled, and u niaw-
folly 4wooliabal aid anteerol a mill, engines, and machinery therein,
to Jim Desk I 4 at Wilton.
The Not Guilty.
The of tVeime being sworn to, the prisoners were called upon
for their Mama.
John Anil. mid— I think the last witness has sworn false sgainst
me. I haw modi NM sworn against me that is false than is true.
There Is no pews in that mill who has not sworn false against me.
Geoma ilbeggill--The two last witnesses have sworn more that is
false dos is tam against me.
Hooffirrair s When I was committed to prison, the last witness
and MS both swore that they could not say any thing against
me. 1 was alai la the factory till all was nearly over. I was in the
lane, awl was plead into the factory by the mob. 1 never broke Lny.
thing whilst them.
Mr. Jostles ALDERSON : Hare you any witnesses to character
Henry Shergold : No. I did not think it worth while to get any, wt
I et=nothing would be sworn against me.
Watley accused the witnesses against him of swearing
falsely.
James Down—The mob thrtatened to ush me into the water be-
fore I had anything to do with them. Flay men came and took me
out of the barn in which i was working. They told me that 1 mu,t
go. I have got witnesses to my character.
Isaac Cole—The witnesses swore falsely against me.
W. Francis.-.I was afraid of my life if I did not go. I don't know
who it was threatened me, but I was threatened with death if I did
not go.
W. Lewis—l was pressed and was obliged to go.
William Jacobs put in a written defence, which he declared to be his
own composition, and in his own handwriting. He said he bad never
been at any bar, nor yet bcfotc any Bench of Magistrates, previously to
this unhappy occasion. He hoped their lordships would be favourable
to him for the sake of his wife and children. He was at work when
the mob came mid pressed him. Ile refused to go with them twice or
thrice. They said they would throw him into the river, if he did
not go with them. If the Court would be favourable to him, he
would never be engaged in such a transaction any mote.
The ATTORRILY.UEDIESALL said that Mr. Swain, the gentleman who
had the conduct of this prosecution, had made inquiries into the truth of
jambe story, and had now every reason to believe it correct. He was
a man of excellent character, and he (the Attorney General) had no ob-
jection to let a verdict of acquittal be recorded as to Jacobs.
A farmer of the name of rtokts who had known James Down for
seven or eight years, and had employed him for the greater part of that
time, rye-Inman excellent character as a quiet, honest, peaceable man.
William Francis also received a good character. A person who was
called for Lewis gave him the character of a good labourer, but could
not speak to his being a peaceable and quiet man.
Mr. Justice ALDERSON summed up the evidence, and the jury re-
turned a verdict of Guilty against all tie prisoners, but William Jacobs.
They recommended Lewis to mercy.

3111. JUSTICE PARKE'S CUAROZ.
At the conclusion of this uial, John Bean, Esti. M.P. came Ltd
court, and said that, as fireman of the grand jury, he had been desired
to communicate to Mr. Justice Parke a request in which all of than'
bad uuanimously joined. The grand jury had put their request into
writing, and be would therefore read it to their c The
grand jury beg leave to present their thanks to Mr. Justice antes Parke
for his able charge delivered on Saturday. Thinking that such a clear
expaition of the law would at this time be highly useful to all orders
of the community, they rarest his Lordship*will allow them to hAve it
printed." Mr. Benett concluded by stating that be cordially concurred
with his fellows, both in the vote of thank., aid in the rams shah
the) presented to Ma lordship.
Mr. Justice J. PARKE bowed to Mr. Benett, sad we believe watt'
to

the request.
John Sheryold 22. Gm" Sheryold, 28, and John Day, 24, wee:
Urged with having robbed Christopher Ingrain of fie. his sung. The
simmers pleaded' Not Guilty."
The Arroaxxv.GastraeL opened the case for the pros cation.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty agains the t.to Shogolds, but
Acquitted Day.
It appeared from the evidence that George and John Bberiold are loth
thrashers. George Shergold was in the Rut India Cimpany's ,ervice,
and had been to Mina as a mariner. His appearance is very skis t.
His conduct, and that of his brother, were marked with UNION lev ty
during the trill
Mr. Baron Vengsex desired them to be taken a w.,y, aosurinr
them that their case required consideration, as their punishment
would undoubtedly be severe.
The ATTORNZT-ORNELRL raid that there was another indict.
ment against the prisoner Day for breaking a thrashleg.macitine ;
but u be (the Attorney-General) had heard that he was a man of
good character, he did not intend to mar any evidence upon it.
A verdict of acquittal was accordingly taken upon that indictment.
William Bartlett, 30; William Munday, 38; Joseph Beminster,
MI; Richard Watley, 40; James House, 23; Samuel Harfoed, 22 ;
It anti 20 ; Wm. Bevan, 30 ; W tiliam Farley, 27 ; Henry
, 90 ; Jas. Wheeler, 28 ; and William Smith, 33; were
charged with having riotously and tumultuously assembled, sad forcibly
destroyed a thrashing machine, the property of Ambrose Patient. The
prisoners pleaded 4, not guilty."
The ATTORNET.OLNERAL, in opening this cue to the Jury, stated
the particulars of the offence with which the prisoners were charged.
He would take that opportunity to pay the humble tribute of his cep.
please to Colonel A'Court, who, upon this occasion, had conducted Ism.
ash, as a civil magistrate, with a patience, o a firmness, a rolution, and a
ry, which entitled him to the thanks
of his country. Colonel
li•Court, being informed of the course which these misguided men in.
laded to pursue, did all be could by advice to prevent them Item gettirg
We the war in which they were then involved. In consequence of
his eagmeonts, be thought s& one time that they had operated ; but, ur -
lbeilnastely, other counsels ?revelled with them, me they primed d to
music the outrages for which they were now put on their trials. C -
lend A'Court, hearing of their misconduct, went with a body of sr.
dal constables, and sorb other force as he could master, end took all
diem prissems in the very communion of the offence for which b:y
were doe be to be tried.
The hap isa.alaesed a verdict of Guilty against all the prim inerr
hateemmilmadloil Ilawmt and Farley to mercy, on account of the excel:
lame of tits 111111101016
(Bakes 111. Justice ALDERSON and Air. ESTCOURT.)
James Bletatiford, Rickard Puma*. Jsates Mould, Edward Whi
Jokes Sarre., and Themes Alm, were put to the bar, charged wi.h
hmealdsg and isetropies a thrashing machine. the property of J. Bens t,
Req. at Lhaley Pam, ma the 26th of November. (All the pawners, x.
rept Alree, were tried es Saturday, and, except White, were tou .d
guilty of a similar oases at another farm of Mr. Benett.)
lin ilerjeant WILDE. is eating the case to the jury, dwelt in at oar
tams em the delusion under which the persons laboured wba engaged in
the destruct's. et machinery.
Several other rotatable individuals gave the prisoners Airee cad
White a pod character. White was described as an industtio..s man,
who 'lmpaled his father sad his family.
Another witness gave the prisoner Barret a good character.
At was observed that the prisoners bad been brought into Court w th
handcuffs on; that was extremely improper; when the prieore. as
placed on his trial his person should be perfecly free.
The gaoler said they were brought in such a burry, they bad t of Cole
to take them off.
Thomas Light, William Rogers, Henry Herrington, William 1.1
man, Thomas Gauge, and William Cooke, were indicted for destroying
a thrashing machine, the property of Timothy Rumboll, .t West
Orimstesd, on the 24th of Drcenther.
The Jury found a verdict of Guilty against all the pristitirts ; Lut
recommended Cooke. hi and Light,.tomercy.

'• "%Inv -
The prosecutor begged to recoasitnid LoSlim to mercy, ot, ac.
count of his previous good characta.
Merles Martin, Win. Scott, Roben Mann, John Penny. Jubn
Taigitt, Thomas Topr, and Jeremiah Topp were put to the: bar
ahaval with breaking and destroy a tbraphing machine. The in.
Illohriat charged that Martin and Morn had bees already convicted,
at &miser sessions, for felony.
It was proved that the prisonent, along with others, caw to the fain
Of the prosecutor (Mr. Self.) and destroyed a mahout.
A "imam woe called, who swore that the Ent thus primness were
pawed by the ma. He gave Scott and °borne a good Amager lied •
lowa Ora ire or six yaws, ant never heard aLehc.
ing against them.
Ho ass aal that they were ia pilaw for any e
A witaesouSbarop, who is a baker at Fume, and aka to the
Sherlirat , was called tut behalf of the prisoner., who
Noel shut be art believe Bradley. the chief linen mein., them,
es Ms es& Mb Neese for it was, that Bradley h.d eared not to
ewer spinal semi, obey stealers if their Nelms wculd make op the

iog

IN

I

Green, a working jeweller in the service of
Bles.srs. Brogden and Garland, underwent a final examination, yester-
day, on suspicion of stealing a quantity of gold, the property of his
employers. The evidence was of a circumstantial nature, and the
property not having been traced, an unusual number of witnesses
were examined, and the hearing occupied above two hours.
We stated the particulars of the charge in our paper of Monday.
The prisoner protested his innocence, and that he locked his case'
before he went up to the foreman's room, and missing it from his
board when he returned, he supposed it bad been taken up stairs, and
told the boy so accordingly.
Sir PETER LAURIE committed him for stealing the gold, (valued
at 161.) but intimated that it was a case in which the proof was so
doubtful, that if the sessions had not been so near, he should have
been disposed to join another Magistrate in admitting the prisoner
to bail. . . .

Jelin Med:iny was brought up on suspicion of having stolen twenty. I
five copies of an anonymous pamphlet, entitled "Science without a
Head ; or the Royal Society Dissected." The books were stolen from
a cart, on their way from Mr. Westky, the bookbinder, in Friar.street,
t the publishers, Mr. Ridgway, on the 10th ult. and being offered for
sale in the trade, were traced to the prisoner, who says he purchased
them of another man, for 25s.—He was remanded.
William Berry a gentlemanly looking man, who stated himself to
have been a clerk in the Secretary's Office, in the Excise, was charged
with running up a score of 14s. Bd. at the Johnson's Head Coffee.
house, 80lt-court, Fleet-street, knowing he had not the means to
defray the same. A claim of 21. 15s. was also preferred by the waiter
at the Royal Standard, Bow-street, and of 101. by Mr. Joy, of Joy's
Hotel, Covent-garden.
Sir PETltit ',AUDIS remanded him till Friday, to enable him to raise
the amount demanded.
MARLBOROUGH-STRENT.—A rough-looking SOD of Neptune,
n imed Haremood, was charged with being drunk, and creating a mob
Regent-street.
The defendant, in reply to the chars( said—l should like to know
Mhat that lubber caUs a noise ? Why, your Honour, I was only
chaunting—
" All in the Downs a fleet lay moored."

Mr. CONANT—What are you ?
Defendant—Why, my noble Captain, I've been at sea all my life,
and having just left board ship. I steered up Regent-street, just to be
able to let Poll know what sort of a place this London was.
Mr. Costarr—You must pay fes.
Defendant—Lord love your honour, I hav'nt a single shot in my
locker and so how I can pay nobody knows ; but perhaps your honour
will lend me the money ; and if King William, who, Lord love him.
is a true British sailor, were to hear of it, he'd do all he could to help
a brother tar out of limbo.
At this time a man Paid the prisoner had assaulted him.
Defendant—Why, you d—d landlubber, if I'd given you a regular
broadside, you would not have been able to bring your hulk into poet,
much more to come and palaver his Honour. Here, you, Sir, (to one
of the constables) go down to the Port Admiral (his Majesty) and tell
him that Jack's in trouble.
Mr. CONANT informed him that when he was sober he should be
liberated.
The defendant, on hearing thin, swore most heartily that he'd drink
a can of grog regularly every day to his honour's health (which proba-
bly he will most religiously adhere to), and he'd take care as how Poll
should do the same. On leaving the Office he struck up with more
strength than harmony—
Storms that the mast to splinters rend,
Can't shake our jovial life.
IU every mess we find a friend,
In every port a wife.
lIATTON-GAlDZN.—Yesterday two boys, the elder not move than
twelve years of named Jaw Seelie and Janes Raykien, were
fully committed for trial, charged with stealing, on Friday, several pairs
of stnckings, from the shop of Mr. Savage, hosier, of Tottenham-
count-road.
(au Et ii-stauans.—Yestertlay, John Cratabourne was finally ex-
onlintd, charged with stealing a new Brussels carpet, value 111. from
the door of the Rev. Mr. John Connell, in the Little Cloisters, West-
minster Abbey.
Mr. Gunnel was in want of a carpet for his residence, and on Tuesday
week last, be went out and purchased one. Mrs. Connell, not being
aware that her husband intended to purchase a carpet, she also purchased
a line Brussels carpet. Mr. Connell's purchase arrived first, and was
taken in. Shortly atter Mrs. Connell's carpet arrived, when the Rey.
gentleman refused to receive it, and desired the porter to take it back
again, for lie would rot have it. The porter was obstinate
as a porter could well he, and instead of taking the carpet home again
to his employer, he left it at the Rev. Gentleman's door, with the bill.
Mr. Connell, finding the obnoxious carpet at his door, gave a man a
shilling to 'emote it into the Cloisters, which he quickly did. Soon
afterwards, the above-mentioned carpet was removed with a felonious
intent by some person or parsons unknown, and the Rev. Gentleman
" issue hand-bills, offering a reward for
'pastry-cook, in Prince's.
I saw the prisoner, on the
another man out of the
' Bowling-street. The

—EASTiMIT REGIMENT OP YEOMANRY CAVALRY.— COMMMEIGES
signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Rent :—George Earl
of Winchilses and Nottingham, to be Lieutenant-Colonel-Commandant;
Lewis Richard Lord Sondes, to be Vint Major ; William Deedes, jun.
Esq. to be Second Major. To be Captains—Sir Edw. Cholmeley De.
ring, Bart ; Sir Brook William Bridges, Bart ; Norton Joseph Rasta-
bull, Esq ; Edward Rice, Esq ; Francis Bradley, Esq ; David
Denne, Esq.
MARRIED.—at Woolwich, Alexander Ogilvie, Faq. M.D. of the
Royal Artillery, to Eliza Frances, widow of Major Fogerty.—At
Whitechaptl, Mr. Robert Perry, surgeon, &c. of lUarden, to Miss
Moore.

BATH JOUI-15Tr, JAN. 3.

A Ball on Monday, in aid of the Bath Park improvements, was at-
tended by 1,000 persons.
The Employment Society of Bath has lately been very active and
useful. Its in-door work consists in converting St. Vincent's hard rock
into gravel for walks, &c.
.Two hundred Gentry attended the last Old Down Ball, Wednesday.
Two brothers, in Mugmead.street, were suffocated on Christmas
day, by a fire of common coal in a room without *Many.
A troop of Yeomanry Cavalry, 70 in number, to be called the Mud.
ford Ttoop, have been raised by J. Ooodford, Esq. and are to be com-
manded by G. Harbin, Esq. of Newton House, near Yeovil.
Thirteen for rioting stand for trial at Wells.
The Rev. L. Foot, of Longbridge, has announced 12 annual rewards
tots many cottsgers who distinguish themselves by good conduct during
the year.
Twenty pounds have been forwarded from 3liddlesay by Mr. T. Per.
rail, in aid of the Preston election of Mr. Hunt.
During the past year, there were imported into Bristol, from Ireland,
63,664 pigs, 17.276 sheep and lambs, and 4,900 cows and calves.
Cows going to pasture have, at Exeter, been declared lisble to toll.
MARRIED•—At Stonehouse, the Rev. W. G. Cole, to Mrs. Fry.
At Monk's Risbotough, F. Gunning, Esq. to Miss Brooke.—ln Bath,
W. Trevelyan, E.g. to Miss Astley.
I DIED.—At E. Charlton, the Rev. A. K. Thomas.—At Freshfoed,
87, Henry Clay, a noted water-cress man.—ln Bath, Miss Lydia
Wilkey.—At Trellock, the Rev. E. Powell.—At Wyke Regis, 79,
Mt. R. WUkinson.—At Treguhan, T. Carlyon, Esq.--At Weymouth,
Mrs. Spencer.

CAMBRIDGE CHRONICLE.
On Monday the Hoban Prise was adjudged to F. Myers, Esq. of
Clam Hall, for an Essay on the Supernatural Character of Miracles.—.
The next subject is " The Evidences independent of Tints."
The Rev. Dr. Adams, of St. John's, is the select preacher at St.
Mary's, in January.
The Cambridge rioters will be tried next week, at the expense of the
Crown.
Mr. Joseph Saville, of Gamlingay, whom the newspapers designated
as " Mr. Swing," appears to have no serious charge made out against
him to justify his detention in Bury goal. His house has been searched,
yet it is asserted that he did not drop letters signed " Swing."
On Wednesday week a hay-stack, of Mr. Dunn, of Chatted', was
burnt ; and the son of a farmer of the name of Drake, has been coin.
mined to Ely gaol, on suspicion.
Beef, bread, blankets, and flannel, have been distributed to 1,000 poor
at Littleport. Beef, coals, &c. lee. have also been distributed at Dry,
Drayton, Arkaden, and Ftienden Hall.
On the same night the stacks, &e. of Mr. W. Coupland, of Fenton,
near Boston, were burnt.
The Fancy Ball at Bury, on bloodily. was attended by 300.
The Marquis of Bristol, and Sir T. G. Cullum, have each given 5001.
towards the Fever Ward of the Suffolk General Hospital.
The Essex Fancy Ball, on Tuesday, at Chelmsford, was attended
by 250.
DIED.—At Northampton, Alderman Samuel Holt, aged 70.—At
Brecondale, Mrs. Parkinson.

YORK HERALD, JAN. 1.
A numerous and respectable meeting of the York Reform Assocla.
tion, took place yesterday evening. Mr. Sheriff Meek was called to
the chair, and took a very able view of the subject, and declared him-
self a friend to a radical reform, and to the vote by ballot, advising that
it should at least be tried, for nothing could be ware than the present
system. He 'nen enlarged, amidst cheers, on the tithe system, and
expresed his hope that it was one of the abuses which would be first
corrected. He was followed at great length and much eloquence by
R. M. Beverley, Esq. who concluded by proposing a declaration of the
Society, which was adopted. G. Strickland, Esq. then addressed the
meeting; insisting on the same points, and above all, on the ballot. Mr.
Wood, M.P. for Preston, the Hon. Edw. Petro, and • Mr. W. Hex;
grove, severally spoke at length ; and thanks to the chair being pro-1
posed by Mr. Strickland, and seconded by the bad Mayor, a ballot
took place of a considerable cumber of new member..
What a fine example to the whole kingdom is such an association—
it reflects the principles of the Birmingham Union, though more select
in its association. _ _

The Lord Mayor of York, who i 4 highly respected, and who hag won
the hearts of his fellomeitlsens by his attachment to Civil Liberty and
Reform, had two silver salvers publicly presented to him on Monday,
by Sir W. B. Cooke, who, in the presence of a large assembly, intro-
duced the gift in a very nut oration.

MUMiI

The Mose of the Newcomb Savings Beak, on November 30th,
/as 107,0441. is 4,1311 menthe. Ilse surplus in the year Ina
The Nomad* imp Mikes Mimes at id. per quart.
Alawiet, which presumed an edam MEarl Grey on the ocessioo of
tlesso s trial, and from which, widths these few weeks, es many
have both slat to Parlbmest whoa asps slavery, seems to
tpalee it:sensible midst the gmeral haw at the naemeity of reform
—inemilble to tbstamme whisk embalm the geese* of dewy and
every other peddle madiseaden. Why in so 1111 o." Rothbury,
Wide; and Altai* prowl pdthas, espesially the latter
town. wadi thin the imenidiate Achim of the seat d the noble Earl,
wheat
Ile miss gewomesent, the people know, requires to be supported by pub-
An ineitsdea bas hem hems& in Gateshead, under the auspices of
the =ad elms of the poincipal inhabiamts, called " The Gates-
heed fististy‘lbr vitideg mad willesiog the Poor." The parish
is divided Ma semeddisaiets, ad two or mete visitors are appointed
to eads Mak; •
At a pubis meads( of the inhabitants, he. of South Shields, held in
the Town ay, the last Dec. 1890, for the purpose of tak-
ing into ..maden the peopriety of petitioning the legislature, for
including in a amen of pethemsnowy reform a grant to that town of
the important pdvßege • sallais its own representatives to the Com-
mons House of Forliameat, Niebeles Faiths, Req. J. P. its the Chair,
it was unanimously vessived, on the motion of Robert laglm; Esq.
seconded by Mr. Joseph
1. That the present stalearviert sepementationloodnding from direct
influence in the eiseden of member. at padisomentiwy many et his
Majesty's subjems who sustain • great cisme of dhoti et, has
thereby departed hem the pdaelple of the assmitation, and it become
in an especial three, se the waste of the country, is respect
of the trading
On the emmthed by Themes Sal-
Thst lessaldakus
itheithr thattmsse,osidial;:i4lgw if 1;
a Pardafill of peomasotellies d smart—fiat these stun-
berg hathdrierdy thmeneeddist they are dal*
either is which the dentin of the to andilricrde-
sources o afford great thelliths, or ht smash, can.
Cana a WWII% thaw bog 13 twig deZds.and MOO owe of
shigpsing, waned bye thhabitonts el Sandi
the modem homas Youag. Eari ofrosamior Wiliam Cali-
ber; Req.-3. That it is our peransele• that the anis and ib
interests of the sewn might have bees Imes ethelosally peseaMeililiteg
had been able to convey to the leghistmo the facts sad arrant§ col-
lected by our own experience thyme% the constitutional organ of re-
presentatives of our own choice; aid that, leader every event, the de-
cision of the legislature would be acted apes with reedier alacrity, if we
could feel modified that such decision had peoceeded upon that full con-
sideration of our interests, which it would be the office and duty of our
local representatives to procure.
On the motion of R. T. Shortridge, Esq. seconded by James Ma.
the, Best-4. That there are fewer members returned from within the
ossaty of Durham, in the ratio of its population, than from any other
English county—being only two from the county and two from the
,by of Durham. That there is no community between the inhabitants
'of South Shields and the electors of the City of Durham. in respect of
mods or local interests; and as the property in this town and neigh.
hmahood, with a very inconsiderable exception, is leasehold under the
Dan aid Chapter of Durham, we do not enjoy any influential voice in
the Mum of tie amity members; and owing to these circumstance;
mishear mar Remus serious destitution of the elective franchise than
the inhabitants at moist town In Gnat Britain of equal trade and
magnitude.
On the media of likilord Fell, Req seconded by Mr. G. W. Barnes
...II That web net Mead to obtrude on the House of Commons any
emontamitien as in pardealar schemes by which the defects in our
soplesenestien may be massolod; that we rely on the wisdom and juo.
else of radioman so to maw the elective haschise, as to intrust it
mole otheaskeely to those dour fellow-subjects, vibia poems
of intelligence to make a judicious choice, and enough of property
fruit of imissay and skill) to maintain that choice with independence;
and we mem earaemly intreat the House of Commons to take such early
measures of minmemary reform as may redress our peculiar griev.
&noes, sad pewees the concord and stability of the empire.
MARIIIO.—.At St. Andrew's church, the Rev. J. Manley, jun.
to Joins, widow of Lieut. J. F. Forster, R. N.—J. Harrison, Esq. of
Bedaie post-master, to Miss Fryer—At Simonbum Mr. Callinder, of
Humagaugh, surgeon, to Miss Sowler, of Chollerford.
DIED.—At Carr's-hil, M. Atkinson, Esq. aged 82, who for many
years filled high and official situations in Jamaica—J. Dykes Ballantine
Dykes, Esq. of Dovenby Hall, Cumberland.
DUBLIN MORIWIVIIGISTER, JAN. 3.

Active preparadoes have been in daily the Sabbath day not
excepted, for the erecdon of borders on the canal bridges The num-
ber of sentries on duty at the Bank was doubled eft Saturday night,
and the suns precaution is to be observed every night for the future.
In beef or pork there is Me alteration. The weather has again
changed to a confirmed thaw, but it has little @Set on the butter mar-
ket t the prices remain firm. Bacon dull, free on board for the next
three months Us. on the spot 45.. and 44a.
Mr. B. New was unanimously called to the chair, and Mr. B. Stack
acted se secretary.
Mr. Tomb) moved the first resolution, with a few fordble observa-
dons menthe of the attachment of their body to the throne and the
present dynesty. Mr. M. Rogers seconded the resolution.
Mr. Matthew Fitzpatrick proposed the second resolution, in a speech
of much and wit. Mr. James O'Keefe seconded it, in a
forcible sr...—.
Mr. %V. M'Key proposed the third resolution, and Mr. Walsh se-
conded it.

Mr. O'Connell then spoke at great length, and with his usual energy
and eloquence, and was followed by Mr. Steele, 31r. Lawless, Mr.
Brennan, Ac. Ac.
Weavnts.—Saturday, being quarter day of the Corporation of
Weavers, there was a very crowded meeting of this body ; J. IL Mayne,
I Esq. master, in the chair. On the motion of Ilr. Williams, to take
into consideration the expediency of petitioning Parliament for a repeal
of the Union, a considerable discussion ensued; Alderman Abbott,
General Cope, and several other members, opposed the motion, on the
grounds that separation from England, and Catholic ascendancy, were
the ulterior objects of the repealer.. After very protracted arguments
for and against the measure, an amendment was moved and seconded,
to the effect, ,6 That the Guild do not petition fora repel of the
Union, but that the distressed state of the nation, and its manufactures
in particular, be submitted to the British legislature." Alderman War-
ten, Mr. S. Fitzpatrick, Counsellor Abbott, Messrs. Hants, Lacy, and
Samuel Abbott, spoke in favour of the amendment, but Mr. Riehy and
Mr. Brown supported the original motion. The question being loudly
called for. the amendment was put and carried with one dissentient. A
committee was then appointed• to prepare petitions to Parliament on the
distress of the country, and its manufactures in particular; also to con-
sider of petitioning for the united Parliament to be held in Dublin
every third year, and report to an adjourned tratedng.

CALEDONIAN MERCURY. JAN. 3.

THURSO, 2.3ru Dzc. 1830.—Sines the 18th of this month the
weather has been more severe and boisterous on the coast than for a
number of years past. On the night of Thursday. 18th, a large brig
from Liverpool for Newcastle, was overtaken by a gale from N.N.E.
some miles west of this bay, and, in the dark, mistook Dentist Bay for
the mouth of the Pentland Firth ; but having cut anchor a short dis-
mace cadre land, fortunately rode out the gale until Saturday. This is
one among many instances proving the want of a light-house as a guide
to the Pentland Firth, for vessels coming from the north and west.—
The light-house now building at Dunnet Head. when finished and
lighted, will indeed prove a great benefit to this coast. Again, on Sun-
day afternoon, the 10th, a severe gale came on from W. and N.W. such
as gave sufficient reason to fear that any vessel then coming in with
the land could not possibly escape. But to the wonder and astonish-
ment of all, when the day light cone, a brig was seen at anchor very
near in the roodstead, which proved to be the brig Bittern, of Wick, a
vessel supposed lost some weeks before, on her voyage from Riche-
bucto, North America. Daring the day the washer moderated, but
before the vessel could be brought up to the usual birth where vessels
bring up, the gale increased again, and continued, if possible, to increase
until the Zld, with thick snow, when the Bittern's chain cable snapt
close to the bow; notwithstanding of which, she bung by one anchor
with a hemp rope, until some sailors and others procured three hawsers
from smaller vessels, which ware joined, and moored to the rocks, and
the other end passed on board with a boat, with some difficulty and risk.
It is worthy of remark, that her anchor never dragged or once started,
thus showing, that, whatever those prejudiced against the place may say,l
the Roadstead and Bay of Thin° cannot be made too public, as in I
many cases vessels have been lost In taking the Pentland Firth, from
not knowing that such a place of safety existed. The mails do not at
mescal come in regular, from the roads between this and the Ord of
(*lthaca being blocked up with snow ; the mails come in -oa horse-1
hick'
;DI ED--At Edinbulgh, Mrs. Grace Buchan, relict of Geo. Leslie of
Gsburty, Esq.—At Huntlyburri, Miss Lobelia Ferguson, eldest daugh.
ter of the late Dr. Adam Ferguson, Professor of Moral Philosophy.


Mr. O'Connell having taken a bumper of Boyne water
with the Orangemen of Drogheda, followed by cheers, and three lima
Wee, obeys a miraculous conversion on the part of the great 0. The
party, in future, intend to call the Boyne—the riser Dorsi
TITHE ANECDOTE.—In a village a short distance from
Rockingham Castle, the vicar (a very peaceable worthy man,) previous
to the Weimar* collected tithe in kind. His wife, a termagant son of
woman, usually went round the village to take the tithe of eggs. In the
course of her rounds she enquired of a poor cottager how many '• hens"
he had. "Go and ask the cock," replied the cottager's wife."
HIGHLAND ENGLISH.—In the re' of Charles the
First of &pawl, it was customary for the meth country merchants to
barter their goods, generally fish, with their richer neighbours of the
South. Two Highland Bellies, merchants, came to Edinburgh with a
quantity of speldings to exchange fa stockings, cloth, ft.—Sandy, one
of them, on arriving at the drop where they expected to exchange goods,
said to Donald, the other, " You, Tonal. can be spokit in gooier Eng.
glish, and mack you a good dckar pargain." Mier the usual compli-
ments were paid, Donald asked the merchant, "Gen ye please, Sir,
will you bought for bought r flout, Tonal, man," replied Sandy,
" me be thought you be spokit the goods English ; she means will you
biltbuy ?"—Seeemees.
IION'S ESTIMATION OF POPE.—If the/ had mid
of Pope, they might have remained "alone with their glory"
11111.14 t I should have said or thought about. them or their nonsense.
Bat they interfere with the little "nightingale" of Twickenham,
they may find others who will bear it—l won't. Neither time, nor din.
tance, nor grief, nor age, can ever diminish my veneration.for him who
is the great moral poet of all times, of all climes, of all feelings, and of
all stages of existence. The delight of my bt2hood, the study of my
manhood, perhaps (if allowed to me to attain it he may be the consuls-
' ties of my age. His poetry is the Book of ife. Without
sad yet without neglecting religion, he has assembled all that
and peat man can gather together of moral wisdom clothed in caesura-
mate beauty. Sir William Temple observes, "that of all the members
of mankind that live within the compose of a thousand years, for ere
man that is born capable of making a great poet, there may be a thin.
sand born mpable of making as great generals and ministers of state as
any in story." Here is a statesman's opinion of poetry; it is honour-
able to him and to the art. Such a "poet of a thousand years" was
Pope. A thousand years will roll away before each another lAA be
hoped for in our literature. But it can want them—be himself is
literature.—ileores Byron, vol 2.
A Nay ASSORTMENT.—A dancing master, at Chelten-
ham advertises, that he has just returned from Paris, with a large as.
melinent of the most fashionable steps.
AN .APOTHIC A RT'S KNOMLEDGE.—VoItaire said of an
oothecary, that his employment was to pour drugs, of which he knew
Ilitk, into a body of which he knew less.
THE DIFFERENCE.—One of the French National Guard,
Worming himself to an old grenadier, said, "How happened it, cons.
rade, that we, who were boys, alwajrsbeat men like you "Because,"
replied the grenadier, "you were boys commanded by men, and we
were men commanded by boys.'
PARSON PIN DAR !—A clergyman taxing Peter Pinder
one day with want of orthodoxy, " tell you what," said the Bard,
" if you gentlemen of the pulpit believe all you preach, you ought
**be sent to Bedlam; and if you don't believe it. to be sent to
A PARISIAN Jos-A.—On the day of the eclipse, when
all the inhabitants of Pais ;were without doors provided with he.
Beesups and aseked ems, an Englishman was seen driviog furiously
Wag eau ahlassblie streets in a dam. "When does my Lord
wish M got" the driver. " Tol see the eclipse," exclaimed the
Englishman, his bead out of the coach-window, " only drive
up as near to It as , for lam very short
ON LT ONCE! !—A poor Irishinan,littets on his death
bed, and who did not seem tc be quite reconciled to the long journey he
was going to take, was kindly consoled by a good-natured friend, with
the commonplace reflection that we must all die once. " Why, my
dear, now," answered the sick man,' that is the very thing that veses
?sae; if I meld die half& dozen times I should not mind it."
A CLOD.—A country lad standing up in the church sith
others to be catechised, the person asked him, " What is your name r
"John," replied the lad. " Who gave you that name ?" "My god.
Beers nd fig ethos," Well said, and what did your god.
halm and gigiliggibses do for you ?" " Why, Sir," raid John, " they
Wes ins sirAthilbe we yet, but they promised to bind me Inestitte.
aad+a alwidhlag fix Me when I came out of my time."
PROPS& CARL—An Irish paper giving an account of
the trial of lie madman Sisk, says, " Mr. Justice Liuladde summed
up, and the Jury found the prisoner Not Guilty on account of ineesiar.
He will be propetly taken we of." Would the rank lane Wei
Mamas had the verdict been otherwise ? The law he. vasalke
pesipleae.
A WEEK'S WORICO-44 Dear father, I write this to-
night (Monday) and shall put it in the post to-morrow. Tuesday. It
will be in town on Wednesday, and you will receive it to Greenwich on
Thursday. Pray let me have some money, or I shall be off by the
mail on Saturday, and be with you on Sunday.
" Yours, dutifully, " H. B."
[The above letter was actually received last week from his son,
—"neer at Oxford.]

BIRTHS.

Monday, at Cheltenham, the Lady of Captain Charles Farquhanool
of a son—Tueaday,Att the Hon. Mrs. Leigh's, Portmaa-square. Mrs.
0 Berkeley, of a daughter—On the 2d inst. at W Notting-
hamshire, the Lady of R. Warrand, Req. late Major 6th no, of
a son.
Tuesday last, at Bootsburn, parish of Kirkpatrick-Jots, the wife of
an industrious labourer was prematurely dente:ad of three sons. On
the same evening, the solemn rite of baptism was administered, and
stortly after they expired. The seen altogether was truly stiletto&

then deeined it necessary to issue out hand-bills, offering a reward for
the thief.
A young boy, named Day, the son of a 'pas try-cook, In Prime's.
street, Westminster, swore positively that he saw the prisoner, on the
day mentioned, carrying a new carpet with another man out of the
Cloisters, and that they went in the direction of Bowling-street. The
• prisoner was tally committed for trial. , • • '
The bill of of mortality for the mettppolis, in 1830, gives
26,743 christening% (13,295 males, 13,444 females); burial), 21,643
(11,110 males, 10,535 females); 6,115 died under two years of age,
two reached 101, and one 102.
~,
