completes the plan he has sketched in his -miter now
and-which we shin publish ta:tnorrow, we are satisfied that his
bothinterAckad lairrikt many of our Beaders..
Our Correspondent accuses IA of having neglected, in com-
mon with our coteniporarieb_to set forth the true state of mat-
ters in Portugal—we are 'Ohre that, from the strict utiloa
ijrtlinacY th!Piasio yinitud so lately. existed hetween the two
tounitlis,.ntest rtc„„ Readers, and particularly that who have
known-
and seen the iirnulei of the brave, loyal, and truly
amiable Portia/tame, amidst all the horrors of war, pasdiniab
. and famine—who have fslt..the warmth of their attaelsmedis—r•
their kindly feeliug4 and almost brotherly affection, angst and
do feel'anximisly interested in all that concerns a people so do:
. serving of happiness.. Bat if we have erred, it has been Iran
Ignorance, and not intention; and, as a proof of the interact
which we take in all that concerns the welfare of our most sak
tient Allies, we can assure our Correspondent that we shall b.
happy to receive his communications, and.to give them a place.
in our columns.

. 4 'Ma thew -Provisoes of iXseay arioaliging
soldiers els *6lllO. A great !twits! atesonniable cOlumns
separ the have no rest foi. i eaat Cue-
ass. • Wssioirsig it,isttly see daiArrereithaAnhi in Bayonne;
forme*, hod. landed at Socoa aiaos fis to. yJ "--Jeoroal de
• ' MADRID, SiirTElitaßlt ao.•
The jtiUrnal 'called the Tekgroph, states, that infonui
:nation is received from the Spanish Ambassador in
that the Portugliiii Government has sent into
the proVinto of Entre Duero and Minho, a division of
8000 men, under the command of General Luis de
Rego. This:oll4okm is to serve in Spain as an auxi-
liary corps,. And to co-operate in favour of the inde-
pendence of bOth nations, by, advancing towards the
Pyrennecs, and also pursuing and capturing the fac-.
tious Spaniards who may endeavour-to take refuge in
Portugal. •
Don Alexander Roca Lamingo, the leader of the
conspiracy which lately broke out in the Asturias,
was on the 11th condemned to suffer death.
Astanasio Garcia, a Canon of the Cathedral of To-
ledo, who hid put himself at the head of a banditti,
and committed ravages in New Castile,'was taken on
the 18th in a wood, and conveyed to prison
We, know that General Mina, reinforced by the

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1822. •
THE liINDS,
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE. O'CLOCK.
It is really astonishing to see the little business dying in the
above market this morning, while the foreign market is all in
a bustle, and a great deal of business is doing—Consols, for the
account, 81i. Buyers, for money, 81 it.

/91734 N rums&
All foreign securities have advanced this morning, but in par-
ticular Columbian Bonds, which are eagerly sought after. OW
and New Spanish are also in demand. The quantity of business
doing this morning in the above market is astonishing. Chiliau
paid up Bab New Spanish 66J Old So. New Prussian 89,
ad 88i es. div. Russian 89i, Danish 89i, Neapolitan 771,
Colombian 90.

troops. of General Torrejos, was to leave Lerida an
the 15th,. to operate actively against the factious; and
th-ough we are ignorant of the plan of his operations,,
he must, we thin*, have chosen one of two points.
He would either advance on San Ramon and Cervera,'
dispersing the banditti he Might meet in his way; or
he would ascend the Segre to the Seo d'urgel. But
he cannot effect the latter movement so as to make
it produce decisive advantages without first occupy-
ing Balaguer—an operation' which would take up
some days, asthat town is surrounded by strong walls.
Tamable General Mina to 'act freely, he-inust rein-
force Manresa by the ttoOlis.lately 'arrived at Barce-
lona from Andalusia. We believe that the troops
which entered the province of Tarragona from
lencia were to march- towards Lerida, in order to
forth Mina's rear-guard.
As the junction of Quesada with the Insurgents of
Catalonia is certain, Colonel Tabuenca and the COM.
mandant Garcia will also have to enter that province.
Their union will produce a sufficient force to clear
away the bands of the Army of the Faith. What is
most indispensable is to leave General Mina every
latitude, and to display energy and'activity in the
four military divisions which are the theatre of the
operations. Thus tranquillity and good Ender will
soon be restored.—Espeaador.
General William Pepe arrived at Madrid on the
16th, from England, by the way of Portugal. He
experienced the same reception as on his first visit to
this capital. Several changes have been made among
the Political Chiefs. The French frigate l'Antigone
arrived on the 4th at Cadiz, from the Havannah.—
She brihgs considerable sums in money, and valuable
produce for the Spanish Government and the mer-
chants of Cadiz. The letters from the llavannah are
to the 2.3 d of July. The Camp-Marsk al Velasco, ti led
at Seville for signing a patriotic Address to the king
on the 17th of December last, has been honourably
acquitted. The judgment of the Council of War de-
clare; . that this Officer did nothing more than fulfil
his political military duty.. Universal.

STOCK EXCITANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
Consols remain steady at with little business doing.

tOREIGN rtrxas.

. The principal business doing is in Columbian, Chilian, and New
%wash. The fluctuations are very considerable.
• PRICES OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
2 per Ct. Cons. 8114 % 1,4-4 per Ct. New 1001/4 yt
Imp. S per Cent. 811&—New Annuities 8114
ELLh. Bills (€1,000) 4s. 55.,-Ditto small, ss. Bs. pt.
Con ols for Account 81 go % •

The French Papers of Tuesday have been received.
They contain accounts of the movements of Princes
and.
Ambassadors towards the Congress. The King
of NAPLES, it is said, will proceed by land to
Verona. The Duke of WELLINGTON, accompanied
by the Earl Of. CLA.NWILLIAM, Lord SOMERSET',
Colonel CATIICA nr, and Dr. Humk, arrived at Stras-
burg on the 2:3th ult. on his way to Vienna.
Among the great personages about to repair to the
Congress of Verona, the German Papers mention the
Archduchess MARIA LOUISA, Duchess of Parma.

As a specimen of the value of the French Dews, it
will be enough to mention that the Pilate gravely
assures its readers that Mr. CANNING intends, next
Session, to propose the separation of Ireland from
England, and the re-establishment of the old Irish
Parliament: it adds, that all the sensible politicians
of Great Britain approve of a measure ro calculated
to restore the tranquillity of Ireland. Mr. CANNING,
we imagine, will be somewhat surprised at the task
assigned to him :we may venture to assert for him. that
this is the first time. he ever heard of such a project.
A Journal gives an extract of a letter from Par-
thenay, dated the 2&th September, which has the fol•
lOwing news:—" MOREA u, one of the persons in con-
tumacy in the trial of Poitiers, ha, shewn himself at
Niort the last week. There was too much precipita-
tion ip the attempt to arrest him, and he was missed.l
In the house where he was were found a great num-
ber of eagles. One of the masters of the house was
taken, the other blew his brains out. He came, it is
said, to assemble his friends to deliver the condemned
from prison. Others say he had been in_ the house
for six months."

Fu ms AT Ems, Ocroua I.—Five per Cents. opened at
92f. &Sc. closed at 921.80 c.

This forenoon we received Bayonne Papers to the
27th ult. with intelligence from Madrid to the 20th.
The following ate extracts:
BAYONNE, SEPTEMBER es.
We have nothing new from the neighbouring pro-
vinces. The defection of the bands continues, in con-,
sequence of the rapid movements of the Constitu-
tional columns in various directions. Sixty men, be-
longing to the bands of Urango and ZAbala, arrived
yesterday in the port of Socoa, in France, flying from
their own country on board of untie boats, which
they ran ashore on the coast. The Constitutional
troops occupy at this time the whole coast from Fon-
tarabia to Balboa, so that it will not be easy for the
factious to escape. The forty men who came to the
Lazaretto, having belonged to these same bands, after
having staid two days at Bayonne, left it to go to
bati, in order to take up arms again. We need not
state, that they received from the Committee of Equia
the assistance necessary for this journey. It is-to be
hoped that we shall see them return by way of Svcoa,'
for there are among the number some who have made
this tour more 'than once.
We .are still without positive information respect-
ing the operations of General Espinosa: we- only
know that he is still in Abe valley of Roncal, prepar-
ing for the siege of Irati, which is not likely to give

These Papers contain several articles of contradic-
tory intelligence relative to Spain.—The following
are extracts :

PARIS; OCTOBER 1.
The Journal des Dcbats gives the following news
from the frontiers of Spain :
L'E.cho du Midi has published the following let-
ter, which chews what was the issue of the move-
ment of the army of Mina on Seo d'llrgel:
SEM 20, ILLY-PAST EIGHT 171111 X MORNING
• I have only time to tell you, that at this moment the official
report has arrived of the victory gained by our General-in-Chief,
Baron d'Erolles, over the division of Tabuenca, consisting of
4000 men, between the bridge of hlontagnana and Benavarre,
or on the frontiers of Catalonia and Arragon.
4 The battle began at six o'clock in the morning, and ended at
three o'clock in the afternoon of the lath; the result was, the
complete defeat of the Constitutionalists. Tabuenca, and the
principal Officers of his division are made prisoners; all his Ira-
lery, baggage, arms, colours, &c. are in our possession, and all
his soldiers have been killed, wounded, or made prisoners.
• The enemy's force consisted of three regiments of infantry,
el?. the Toledo, Estramadura, Jaen, &c. Although our loss in
killed and wounded is very inconsiderable, we have to regret the
brave Lieutenant Pinto." .

Another letter from Seo d'Urgel, dated the 14th, him much trouble.
has the following details : We have received Madrid Papers and carrespeode
• This town looks like a small capital; never has it beheld so once to the 20th, of which the fallowing are curing:l
ritual animation ; here there is a manufactory of arms, and there " The Papers of the'lBth contain the Address of
of soldiers' clothing ; farther on, prisoners at work paths the Kin
citadel in a state of defence. The battle of Stsitem"' up, ski the gto the Spaakords. This Malatesta has pro,
*dr/utast:ova as possible for the AofalM s ci • dlitte4 the We) ;gag ea the minds of the Liberals
render la a short time. The Repikle bsva spieled the weewt:whide their acivensries took epos this piece is the;

sioned by the clunprisk. Ministty•
that if ii in agitaddis tolorin three lileapolite.n...
gions, whiCh swill be sent by sea to Calabria, but seor
Bible people ask, r Where are the soldieri unlest
they should 'be 'formed vf Spaniards, and then it De.
cree of the Cones would be required. The. Napoli-II
tan and Piedmontese Companies in 'Catalonia arill
composed of only 150 men, 'of whom Onelkind arel
Spaniards. Others pretend that General Pio will
have a Command in Catalonia, but this too Weald be
against the Constitution, which declares that no fo-
reigner can have a chief command in the naked
army. At all events his return is sopposedlireilest
some political object.
" The proceedings of the Provisional Government
at Urgel, the congress at Verona, and the prepara-
tions making in the French fortresses on the Pyres/mar
excite great attention. The fears of a foreign invi-1
ant increase so much, that in • political meetings we
already hear people speak of ptans of defence, of al-
liances with Portugal and even with England, to
which all kinds of concessions would be made.
" It seems, in fact, more than probable that the.
Treaty with Portugal will soon be concluded, and on
the other hand, very great hopes are built on the aid
of Great Britain in case of foreign invasion."
The Spat/dor of the 19th contains some very sen-
,sible reflections on the alarming reports which at
, present circulate in the Capital : it is to be observed
that this Paper is at present the organ of the Ministry.
al The reports of a foreign invasion, which some
friends to desmtiinx Agreed jn thit : Capital, have
elarnied. some Liberals who. fear • that the fate of
Spain will lie decided at the -Congress at Verona.
..The former are steryloolish,:and the latter are uneasy
with little reason. . •

,

.. ,~

._ .... ..

1 '
14' Tito Congress .f Verona will not be like ibit
•Lafliach, for 'though the other clouds which obsct

the political horizon permit it to be held, there will
•be no perjured King to go to the forge of Vulcan to'
ask chains and fetters for his-honest subjects,without
their having committed any crime but that of having
asked, with all the respect due to the majesty of the
throne, the enjoyment of their imprescriptible rights.
The Congress of Verona will not treat the Spaniards
with the contempt which was, shewn towards the
Neapolitans by that at Laybach ; the case here is very.
different; Naples was at the commencement of its
political regeneration, and had but few resources to
continue it. if obstacles are thrown in the wa?
Revolutions cannot be sustained but by firmness,
heroism, and, above all, by sacrifices. There were
few individuals in that nation who had IV/3011 to fear
for their lives if a le-action took place.

"The vices contracted in our education, founded on
the unpromising principles of feudality and slavery,
the effeminacy and luxury prevailing in a happy cli-
mate and fruitful soil, where even factitious wants
may be easily supplied, enervate the mind, and attach
man too much to the earth for him, to display that
heroism which is requisite in following the career of
liberty. The Diplomatists at Laybach were sensible
of these truths, and acted upon them, supported by an
artful intrigue, which was favoured by treachety and
executed tyrannically: they overthrew liberty in that
beautiful part of Italy. The rapid victories of the
Austrians in Naples paralysed the efforts of the brave
Piedmontese, so that the whole Peninsula remained
under a foreign yoke. Unhappy Italy, thou de-
servedst a better fate I Thou wilt yet obtain it —the
light of the age cannot retrograde."

The writer then proceeds to sliew the small'ad-
vantage that the Holy Alliance would be likely to
reap from an attack on Spain, and the disadvantages
which would almost inevitably accrue to them.from
it, which he chews infinitely to preponderate. He then
examines the ♦arious pretexts, which might be alleged
for such an enterprise, the futility of which he ex-
poses at length.

The accounts from the interior' are not quite so
satisfactory, as, by the last mails, Zaldivar has again
disturbed the tranquillity of the province of Cadiz,
where the troops were preparing for a fresh expedi-
tion. A pamphlet has been published, on the neces-
sity of appointing a Provisional Regency."

A Dutch Mail reached us this morning, bringing
Papers to the 2d inst. The following are extracts :

BRUSSELS, SEPTEMBER n.

Private letters from Spain say, that that kingdom
assumes a formidable military attitude, and that
.a
very great military force will soon be at the disposal
of the Government. The idea of a foreign invasion
has had an evident influence on the- minds of the
people, and many Spaniards, who are not devoted
to the prevailing party, express their firm retolaticia
to resist all foreign interference in their affairs.' -

SANTE, AUGUST 24.
Some days ago -we heard on our coast, at six in
the morning, a most terrible cannonade, which seemed
to come from klayarino ; it continued soma hours, de-
creased by degrees, and entirely ceassd•at *Mit, A
fishing-boat from Natariaobas just thb MIMS COON

'll, .‘Y
. 4...

, : ,

Cat Thom that place,
there had been a se.
Turkish and Greek

of the latter. The
encountered several ilytng
' Arcadia, from which he
aillielpursued him
impatient to learn the

Lamb: .-

....Letten teediflid., "toil 71tifttelesils.. , .. tk)ftwft,
,iltfirilkirst.2i, ' ciittfirri- the aceOinttEthetiottsly
' '. eti &...C,oilit of ibi iucctsses tit the Oreeks.
'4lloiitilienienroarnscato PACHA, after hikilefemi
lind..iativet to, Laziest with the vrerck of his army ;
*Ed the kuiriest Oitterler itself confirms' hii arrival
Ode& 7.'lbfiy foram announce the impOrtant news
aftbeChrietlAni. haiing_ repossessed themselves of
04.10, as it' e.)l as having taken Napoli di Romania,
. .. , .
mot affirm that the account of the success of the
Greeks is authentic, and may be relied on. These
letters* farther tire as reports, that the Suliots had
retaken their capitil, and alio that a naval action had
taken place off Petrel, in which the Tuiks lost two
frigates and one brig. The letter adds that this
wants confirmation, but the position Of the two Beets,
as mentioned in the Corfu intelligence, renders the
account more than probable. _

There are some individuals to whom the post of
honour is not a private station ; this is particularly
the case with the family of the Ws.t.Lastays, whose
ic aspiring blood" is not contented with the highest
offices of state, but they must continually remind
the Public how much it is indebted to them for their
services. That those services are considerable, every
person must admit, but that they have been liberally
rewarded must be acknowledged. Within 4 few
years we have seen one member of it rewarded with
the highest honours the SOVEREIGN ,cvi bestow ;
'another honoured with the second rank in the Peerage,
and the two posts of the greatest confidence and im-
portance, those of Governor• General of India and
Viceroy of Ireland; a third, for what services Gozoi
'Only-km*li, has been raised to the Peerage, and he
Nett ispires to be sent out to India, in the same ca-
pecityAs his more. able brother; a fourth has had
oee of the most lucrative and honourable foreign
Etnbassies ; and the rest of the family are, we be-
lieve, all in the way of preferment in the Church.

This, one might think, would be sufficient to gratify
the most ambitious family in the world, without their
perpetually eulogizing one another, and fishing for
individual praise, or egotistically boasting of their
own services.

A singular instance of the latter occurred at the
late LORD MAYOR'S dinner in Dublin, which we are
happy to find was not nfaiked by that party spirit
which has so long degraded every Public Meeting or
Dinner in Ireland. The dinner was honoured with
the presence of Marquis WELpESLEY, who, in re-
turning thanks after his health was drank, is reported
to have said, " I have witnessed calamity amongst
you, and have, thank 1-Italian, happily succeeded in
steering you through it r If his Excellency had been
a little more explicit, he would not have left us in
doubt as to his meaning. If the late famine is in-
tended by the calamity, while we acknowledge
that the Irish have been steered through it, we
can give little praise to the LORD LIEUTENANT.
He arrived in Ireland at a time when famine as -well
as outrages pervaded many provinces ; but, while the
latter were marshalled in formidable array, and. pre-
sented to Government as a foundation for asking for
new laws, or rather a suspension of the laws, not one
word was said respecting famine, which was carefully
concealed-until it had increased in force by suppres-
sion, and then burst upon us like a volcaUic eruption.
But even when the dread secret was no longer hid,
was the LORD LIEUTENANT of IRELAND, Or even the
Irish nation, the first to afford relief?. Certainly
not ; nor was it until the generous British Public-had,
with a liberality unparalleled in any other country,
come forward to the relief of the famishing peasantry
of the Sister Island, that a subscription was com-
menced in Dublin ; and the only praise to which the
Marquis of WEI.LESLEY can lay claim—and this we
wish not to withhold from him—is an active and
careful distribution of the funds supplied to him by
the noble munificence of this nation, or reluctantly
11 wrung from his MAJESTY'S Ministers. We do not
blame the LORD LIEUTENANT for not working Mi-
-1 racles; no line of policy which he could adopt
would have steered the -Irish peasantry through 'the
calamity of famine, but that of supplying them food
until a new and productive crop has, for the present,
tendered all further support unnecessary.
There is, however, another calamity which the
Marquis WELLESLEY has witnessed in Ireland—one
that cametmore immediately in the way of his autho-
rity, and through which he has not steered Ireland—
that is, a continued system of murder and plunder.
In this state he found Ireland, and, without trying
any other, measure, at once demanded increased
power, the enactment of the Insurrection Act, which
placed the lives and liberties of every person at the
mercy of the Irish Magistrates, and the suspen-
sioe'-of the Habeas Corpus Act—a measure un-
called for, as it has not been resorted to, except, we
believe, in one instance, and that for an offence
which certainly was not contemplated. We allude to
the arrest of a foreigner, a; Belfast, ior giving Lec-
tures. which were considered to savour of infidelity.
What, therefore, the Marquis WELLESLEY has
done in particular to entitle him so ostentatiously to
boast Of his tereices, we are at a loss to discover :
than is, however, no doubts something in it& 44.. if phi-
losophy could find It out .

'-- ..:t _
~•. ' • . .
. •
s *
' \ .
" \
, .
. -1.
- . --2--AngoimMl!4•'''''''''.. _...-----••••••••••••meart mid the Earths= h 211104.. - ' fertifigidrese int*, that net co
urift—EVENIN(4 STAR-. 1 Siki the leave" O, ikii; .1"1"..40, itle *fa filibtl , under Os . ...1, l' . 'll . doe to the Golf of Sandi°, the
inypr pow •. • 4‘. 4 . for Ms tali, the tesfile;- the • 'Ng ; illw engagesnent between the To
essiked ,SL. „,) enclun i ....... - . . -40 et 4 ei 0 I
" • s.. ~ . -...- LONDON. *alas 1 01 ' ''''°.. -4'. * gouty pa MOM_ , th4"lgnstai '. , *
I , . greatly to-the disadvantage o
. Toted in their li. . II . -. .. an said he had encounter
—,.....-. it> ' - tike as • .- a tome& A per- ;t_.o the Neapolitan • '', . , li '' ' ' , sps between Navarino and Arcadi
TO CORRESPONDENTS. ,
.., we
ire
mile& a series
or Laws ay. mai a rom son. of kituanvoaange-u-aggiaarbwomilsaayftlimials__ _ ..„......_ ~,_ et-Madrid on the Ifltb. isfibritiiikposissitwell I ivlth gliat—daractilty ,ai I
gag, Civil and Ponticalo front a Dorrespondent who ought to , i mhate'' At tat tie°Enellt" niimm itt4fvrellfellm* received b th Patriiti There are itititiconjec- for some hours, We' are very imp
we brought in prisoners.' . ,_ ~..
know santsthing of the sub** on whisk- lowa:tot ; and If --gr. ...--.,,;•-_ „ tilfeS.,respecting bb--littkieb. tr ._.• • . • partiewlere elf ilia' yesegeniilitr-, -.•;.-
7rernoletei the ohm he has sketched in his inter now beige. is.
_,..r `-='!.:l7-_f_7:=2"- -:77-=.
_.
~,_ sinned by the ebengerli. oar' blinistty. It- le said _ ._sact .. . ).12,-P.,101.-r--..- !,+-L P.
