FOIMIGN FUNDS.

.^. ,

Little or no business doing in the above Market this morning.
Curreut Prices: New Spanish 1541, Old 204 1, Itussl4l, 95a
Mexican 40& 1, Colombian Scrip 8} 8 disc. ,Culontbiao,g7i es,
734 74, French Scrip 131 14 pre. Austrian 974 1, • New
I': ussian 98i 1, Old 97i I, Alliance Shares 104 1 pre. Portuguese
901, Brazil disc. par, Buenos Ayres :11 ".; disc. Peruvian 66, Greek
Scrip 16 disc.
• PNICE OF STOCKS AT ONB O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock shat--;.3 per Cent.. Reduced shut
3 per Cent. Cons. 95% % 178 %-sk per Cent. shut
4 per Cent. Assented shut
4 per Cent. New 106% 10734—India Bonds 87 8

IS,OOO Es.:Clieq.Bills.dtd.) 42 50; (Phd.) 47 8.
£lOO and £2OO do. (1 "hd.)41i..50.
liankfor Acct.239l/2 tor,Acct. 95% 5 %
Never, since the.worii
.period ef
tion, has the world witnessed 66C11 'outrages as are now
committed in Spatn. At the very,moment that orders

' '

I

are given fora solemn thanksgiving and Te Demo, in'
honour olthe restoration'Onmarirnam, the Ministers
of •th at Sovereign are huntini thgr Constitutionalists
lute bll.O-hOunds: ancl.theliN"s.sit a day passes "Pith.
or assassinations tunlikilft insulted finnan
le Militarr Consrnissiori at Carthage
passed judgment, on the 19th of lastitiontb, on 63 C
Stitutionalists, accused of haii4 borne arms again
the KING. It condemned eight, one of whom is a Cap..
tOrtif ilifintry to be shot in the back, is traitors.. The
others are condemned to different penalties ; of this
XlO.lnteris she•Mircitsis de RAiALi who will be imprib
soned for a year in a fortress.
The Military Commission at Pampeluna has in like
manner passed sentence on several inhabitants of the
town of Peralta, who had endeavoured to excite disc
orders in the.name of the Constitutiott of the Cortes.
At the same time, bands of robbers are forming in
several of the Provinces : and the Government has not
a shilling in the treasury. •

.! -

In another column we. have given some interesting
intelligence from (reece, which is snore than 'confirmed
by the following private letter. There can now be
little doubt of the defeat of the Capitan Pacha's fleet :
RETRACT OT A LETTER, DATED ZANTE, snit.. 3, N. S.
" I shall begin by informing you, that all the troops
which have been this month in movement against
Ea,tern and Western Greece, under the command of
Dervish Pacha and Omer Vrione Pacha, have been
entirely deflated, in two battles, and those few who
were able to escape the fury of the brave Greeks, dis-
banded themselves, and sought refuge by flight ; but
all this is nothing in comparison of the defeats sus-
tained by the fleet of Constantinople, in two naval,
combats, which took place between the Sd arid sth of
August, 0. S. lam quite certain that if this newe has
reached you, you will look upon it as a fable; but I am
able to inform you that this communication admits of
no doubt.

" The former combat wok place near Bathi (a port of
Samos); and the latter, at Tarbogasi (Straits), near
Samos. In the former, the Turks lost—

" One vessel of the line and two frigates, blown op ; one corvette
and one brig, taken ;40 0-among, burnt, snob, and taken. And in
the latter combat, 29 transports.—Total, 74 vessels, blown up, taken,
burnt, or sank.

" This intelligence was conveyed to us by a Captain
who arrived here the 15th August (0.3), in four days
from the Lie of Syra. The said Captain was at Syra
when a Spezziot schooner arrived with dispatches for
the Prefect of that island, sent by the two Greek Vice.
Admirals.

" Yesterday arrived here a schooner of Cunduriottis,
having on board Mr. Blaquiere, who will sail without
delay for London. It is now five days since she loft
Hydra. There are also on board of her five or six young
Greeks, who are about to prosecute their studies in
London, and, so we are informed, two Ipsariot Ama-
sons, who, after having killed their children to prevent
their falling into the' hands of the barbarians, fought,
with extraordinary valour, and escaped from the Eery
of their enemies.
di Mr. Blaquiere assures us; that of the Turkish fleet
only 17 vessels escaped to Boudroun (anciently Halicar-
nassus); and he farther adds, that in a few days we may
expect news unequalled in history."

Dispatches have been received by the last Mail from
Lisbon, in answer to the propositions sent out a few
weeks ago, as the result of the discussions here between
the Commissioners from Portugal and Brazil, on the

subject of the independence of the latter country.
Nothing can be with certainty known respecting them,
except that the propositions have been entertained by
the Cabinet at Lisbon, and that they have not, at all
events, been absolutely rejected, since the Commis-
sioners, in consequence of the arrival of these dispatches,
have recommenced their sittings, and were engaged in

deliberation on the communication from Portugal dur-
ing the whole of yesterday morning. We learn also,
that an order was yesterday issued for the detention for
a few days of the outward-bound Brazil packet, for the
purpose, as is supposed, of enabling the Brazilian Com-
missioners, after the dispatches from Lisbon have been
fully taken into consideration, to make that Government
acquainted with the point at which this important ne-
gotiation has arrived.

To-mor;ow the payment of thi amount due to tlie
'dissentients from the reduction of the Four per 'Cents.
:will be made, we understand, at the Bank, ,and will
orirri; if claimed, an increase to the circulating xtledium
'if neatly 6,ooo,oool—sterling. We say if claimed, for
it is a very curious fact, that of the amount doe to the
'dissentients from the 'eduction of the Five per `Cents_
7.4,ltich took place in 1822, a large portion has never
been called for, but is lying idle at the Rank. The
mode by, which provision is wad.: for the Four peer Cent.
disientients has been already mentioned, the Batik hav-
ing engaged to advance the sum required, and. receive
repayments it gated
.petiods from the Sinking Fund,
tilling into esi at the rate of three per cent.. It is to
the expectation of the increase of circulation from this
source that is to be ascribed the high state of credit of
the Engliodi Funds, *MCI' for some tirie past have been
gradually improving in value. It is also said to be in
the contemplation of. Government, before the termina-
tion of the present year, to reduce the amount of Ex-
chequer bills in circulation by about 4,000,0001.. From
these causes, combined with the payment of the Octo-
ber dividends, and those due on the various foreign
loans, now glowing to a very considerable amount, an
influx of capital into the market for investment must
take place to an extent seldom known at one period.
Its effect on the value of Governmeni Securities, will,'

however, depend on the confidence felt in the igsa
-p.
notice entolitical tranquillity. •
•
The frequency of tie istercdarse Waken Engflitiod
sat Fieince, does not seem to ',ender citti neighbours
Setter acquainted with our iustitstions or character, both
of which are continually misrepresented. This is particu-
larly the ca‘e with an atticle which we have copied from
the Etaik, on the situation of Protestants in France, com-
pared with that of Catholics in England. The writer is
very various to wipe away a reproach, which he ac-
knowledges to be general, that Fiance still passe.
for fanatical, intolerant, and persecuting,".while .! Eng-
land passes in the eyes of the multitude foe the class
sical country of toleration, and the generous protector
of civil and religious liberty."
To shew that the world has all this time mistaken the
matter, the Etoik declares at once that " it is a principle
in England, that all religions which differ from the re-
ligion of the State, ought to be destroyed." We need
not state that this is not true, since every village in the
Kingdom sheers its falsehood. Were it not so, where
would be the synagogues of the Jews, and the conven.
tides of the thousand and one sects that are to be met
with in England. Let the Ranters, the Bryanites, the de-
luded followers of Joanna Southcote, and of other sects
equally absurd, answer for the principle of English to-
leration, which the Etvik so ignorantly assails.

In the absence actual intelligence, rumour with it
hundred tongues is generally busy. Nothing is more
easy on paper than to fit out a fleet at Lisbon, Cadiz,
or Brest, and send it.at once to any part of the world;
this,. indeed, has been frequently- done, and all the
world become acquainted with the circumstance,
save the places, whence the expedition was stated
to have sailed. The last rumour of this sort was,
that France is about to reconquer St. Domingo,
and that too with four thousand men ; this, to use a
favourite phrase' of a person who knew something
of these matters, would be " a prodigy of valour."
—St. Domingo once cost France a fine army, and she
is wiser than risk another in such an enterprise. Indeed,
by letters received from Havre, it is ascertained that
vessels are loading in that port for St. Domingo,
freighted in part with military stores and equip.
meats for cavalry, which would not be permitted
if hostile measures were in view. A negotiation was
but recently pending for the acknowledgment of the
independence of the island, which at one stage was
thought so near completion, that the Haytian Com-
missioners had made ptopositions for raising in
England the sum of money which was to be the"
price of the concession.; and although two of the
Commissioners have returned to Port-au-Prince, one
still remains, we believe, in France, with the hope of re-
newing the negotiation under more favourable auspices,
in consequence of the accession of the present KING.
—Shortly after the death of Lours XVIII. a very
spirited remonstrance on the subject was presented to
the Government by the merchants of Havre, in which
they ezposicl, with equal force, the utter impossibility
of reconqueriqg an island, in the attempt at which the
flower of BONAPARTE'S army had perished, and the
advantages that would result to the French commerce
from an amicable arrangement with its present rulers.
These representations will now be renewed, and have too
much reason in them not to produce an effect, in the
altered situation of the French Government.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

The admirers of Smossoss, the last of

--•--" the wondrous Three,
Whose words were sparks of immortality;"

were Jan night delighted wish an eaceUent representation of his ad.
mirable Comedy of The &bailor Scandal. KILYSEN, Fa Rams
&Ammon, Joust, Cowin, Miss Catania, and Mrs. Davewroal:
have rarely appeared to more advantage, and their exertions gave un.
mixed satisfaction to a respectable, if not brilliant assembbge.
Charles the Second succeeded, and was much applauded.

Lord Viscount Gamesrsu.a left town last night for
Paris, accompanied thither by Mc. WILLIAMS, one of the King's
Messengers. It is said that his Lordship is the beaters( a letter of
condolence from his blasters to the King of Faaact, on the death
of the late Monarch.
The Emperor of .4unnlA has ordered his Court to
go into mourning for twenty days, on occasion of the death of his
Majesty Loos XVIII.
We are happy to leans that the health of &r Ronstur
Pzaz is rapidly improving. Mr. Secretary Peat., who has been on
a skit to his respected father, at Drayton Manor House, set out
yesterday m orniag for Ringwood, the seat of Mr. Seem, OR a
shooting excursion for two or titres days.
Sir WILLIAM GAIIROW, since his return from the
I Circuit, has been enjoying the genial sea breezes, at his marine villa,
Pegwell Day, and has much benefited in health.
Many of the turf horses are afflicted at this time with
a distemper. Sir THOMAS STAIILRY'S Cestrian colt which won at
the late races at Litchfield and Shrewsbury, died last week.
There has been a meeting at Calcutta; for the relief
of the &stressed settlers in South Africa; and we have much plea-
sure in saying, that before the meeting broke up, a con►iderable
collection was made.

A most sumptuous military equipment for the Nabob
of die CA ANA TIC is about to be skipped from this country for M
*At the Meetiog on TuevdAy, the three Gentlemei.
originally nominated—namely, J. BOLLAND, Esq. J. Haas, Esq.
and M. H. Knows., Egg. were deeloed to be sbosen assignees o
the estate of Meurs. MA RAH and Co.

'Monday sennighr, Mr. Owex, ni Lanark, arrived a!
Liverpool, and oo Saturday morning sailed in the New York, Capt
Mazwitia., for New York.
:The packet ship Crisis, Captain 1.11,31 a mu, sailed from
Cowes yesterday for New York, with At:vioin Sr. Julia Raman,
Kn. his Majesty's Coastal-General to the United States, sister, and
servants; alai with other passengers.
Captain CHARLES James Fox anti his Lady have em.
barked at Portsmouth, on board a King's frigate for Gibraltar.
where the pliant Captain is going to join his Regiment. They
were accompanied to Portsmouth by the young Lady's father, the
Duke of Caaseacs, who took leave of them with deep regret.
The Margate and Ramsgate steam-boats continue Iv
import large cargoes of passerigen and luggage, but their exports are
very meagre indeed; even the more select company at Broadstairs
are oa the.wiag to warn. The equinoctial gales are a terror to
the eastern inhabitants of the metropolis.
A new Tragedy Jmas.:,Le!td• in the.. Green room ni
Covent-garden Theatre on last Friday, previously to the first tr.
bearsal of it, in the presence of the performers who are to support
the several characters. The piece was read by Mr. C. Kamat.a.
with great spirit, and is said to have nude a favourable impression
on the theatrical circle. . . .
•

MAJZOOROUGIISTREET-TIIIS DAY.
-........-
MR. HENRY FAVNTLEROY.

The Office was this day again crowded to ex- cr.ss, under the idea
that Mr. Fauntlerny would have undergone another examinluW
me situation in which he stands does not appear to be general:;
understood. The fact is, he already stands committed un two d:;_
duct charges, and may not be again brought up, should the Bank
be advised that, for the ends of pfiblic justice, enough, has ahead,
been done. la that ease, he will be removed to Newgate on 6,
general removal day.
NAVAL ISTELLIGENCE.
Remoras, Oce. 6. —Want-rt.; N.N,E. Sailed the liero
Wicsos, for Malta and Corfu.
polimmia,„ arrivals or sailing,.
DeAL, Ovr. 7&—Wind &W.—Arrived and sailed for the River,
the Louisa, 13aexaen, from Malaga; Royal Sovereign, Cour",
from ditto, for Petersburgh ; and Martinique, Bros, froth Crenada.
Came' doien from the River and sailed, the Ganges, Lori), for
madras; Nile, Repot.% for Berhicr'; and Prince of Orange, line.,
for Lisbon. Sailed the Roseville, Arnantson, for Antwerp. Several
vessels are pow (five, Pas.) off the North Foreland, corning from
the River.
Ltranroor., Orr. 6. Arrived do Trusty, llearreasow, front
Stara • also, on Tuesday, the following vessels—Joe,-Gacut.er,
and &ma, Jones, from Dublin, with flour and grain; Waterloo,
Nesserr; from Newry, with cattle.
Bassrotl Geri 6.—Arrived the Cambrian. Romance, from the
Cep of Good 'lope; Earl Talbot, from Lanzarotte ; lticham
NW Swab, from Villanotra ; Henry Casa,--., from Petetsburgh.
CUSTOM-1101A R, OCT. 7.
•
. ,
Sutra Erman) Iswasens--The Prince of Waterloo, and
front Ostend; Stratton, and Larkin', from Stangate Creek ; Liveh,
and Hope, from Harlingen ; Sans Repos, front Antwerp; (Amt..,
from Guernsey ; Dorset, from Rotterdam ; Aurora. from Gibral.
tar; Driridson, from the Cape of Good Hope ; and Fairy Queen,
from Malaga.. • ,
EXTIRILD Goma itos.-The John Bushman, ter Grenada; John,
Royal Charlotte, and Emerald, for ,lamika"; Two Brotliers, fur
Hamburgh ; Weser Johan, for Dremen ; Hiram, tat' NaPlcs; and
Onyx, for Honduras. •
Curim's Oorwatas,—Thu James, for Gibraltar ; Weaale, kr
Bremen; Venus, for Bahia; England, ?or Bbay; Alen, for
Seville; and Henry and Sarah, for 'Lisbon.

HYDI PARX.-"--The protective iron-railing of the too
long insulted Statue of Achilles b now nearly completed ; and in a
few dayi more the public will be gratified in seeing the renowned
Hero appropriately surrounded by high and well placed spears and
pikes, which, akernately Axed, will form an effectual fence to this
fine monument of the most glorious victories of tbe.Dritish arms.
It is stated in a letter from Rome, inserted in the
Quotidienne. that another Cardinal, of the name of &s-
-lam, is dead. The Sacred College is now reduced to,
46, its full complement being seventy. As this vene-
rable assemblage of red hats has now and then the elec-
tion of a Sovereign, the death of one increases in pro-
portion the value of the votes of the survivors. Their
object should therefore be to keep the Conclave as
scantily supplied with new members as possible: but
the interest or the feeling of his Holiness is oenerally
different from that of the candidates for his throne, or
the creators of his power ; and accordingly every Pore
repairs more or less the losses of the Sacred College...-
Accordingly we are told, that four or five churchmen
were to be raised to the purple in the cow se of last month,.
A letter from the Agent to Lloyd's; dated Genoa,
September 25, states, that the master of a vessel arrived
there, reports having seen, a few days previously, of
Minorca, a fleet of _fourteen sail steering towards -the
coast of Sardinia ; from the great distance they were at
he was unable to distinguish their colours, but, from
their appearance, took them for British men of war.
(It is, however, zonc,luded that this fleet is no other thus
the French Escadrom d'Erolutions, as so many British.
vessels of war are not known to be congregated in the.
Mediterranean). The masters of three vessels which
bad arrived at Genoa, reported that the Neapolitan
Consul had been landed at Cagliari, in a Sardinian
vessel from Algiers, and it was rumoured the.Dey de.
minded 300,000 dollars from the Neapolitans, sisfliAct
pretensions of a similar nature against the Genoese.
STRANGE Currommts.—Monday morning, as the
'porter of Mr. Wavrov, .earpet-Manufacturer, 6; New-
gate-street, was Opening the shop, two large cozen, on
their march ham Smithfield to Nee/gate-market, na
doubt considering their time in this world very short,
and that their last hour was come, and London with all
its gaiety must soon close on them for ever, took the li-
berty to walk into the shop. and after 'staying there
some time, and apparently with great satisfaction, ..sur-
veying the carpeting, to the no small amazement of
those who bad assembled, both withia and without, to
witness the novel scene, deliberately turned about and
walked out again, following each other, and quietly pro-
ceeded " to the place of execution," doing no other da-
mage than cracking a little glass with their barns, and
which they could, not very well avoid. There have
been worse customers in shops than these valuable ani-
mals, the pride and glory of Jahn Bull. " Oh the'
roast beef of Old England r'
Sunday morning last, the body of a man was found
on a brick-kiln, lifeless. The bZdy was bat very little'
burned. Deceased was of delicate frame, of fair com-
plexion, with light hair, and red whiskers, and is sup-
posed to have been about 23 years of age. He had a
paper cap on his head, and was miserably clad, except-
ing that he wore a decent pair of shoes; and white cot-
ton stockings; but on the whole exhibiting every ap-,
pearance of extreme poverty, which was manifest on
osearching his pockets, in which were found a pawn-
broker's duplicate for a pair of trowsers, pledged f5l-
- in the name of John Caster, on the dOth of la 4
month, at a house in Paddington-street, a small wo.
man's comb, and part of a letter, conjectured to have
been addressed to the deceased by his brother. The
body has been removed to Pancras Workhouse. •
GLASGOW, OCT. s.—Yesterday, between twelve and
one o'clock, on account of the cotton-spins,es s still stand-
ing out, Mr. Niel Snodgrass, Mile•end, Calton, having
resolved to employ other spinners than those foi-merly
in his service, his Manager engaged some persons to. put
the machinery in a working condition, during which
"several hundreds of persons, supposed• cotton-qiiriners,
a,sembled in front of the AM, and broke a numner (If
p toes of glass. Mr. Hamilton, the 'Wafter of Nike,
with several officers, went to the spot, and n ith great
iersuasion, the mob dispeesed, without doing farther in-
at y. A detachment of Police was sent to their assist-
ance to prevent a repetition of the attack, who watched
the premises all night. This merning all is quiet.
The streets of London perhaps never were in a more
dirty and disagreeable state than they are at prerent—
he principal thoroughfares are in many places almost
impassable. The Strand, after having been blocked. up
for more than a month to be re-paved, is at length 2S-
tpened, and the carriage-way is even worse than it was
'•iefote the repair (as we suppose it must be called): it is
full of immense holes, forming receptacles for mud, to
the annoyance of the foot passengers, and endangeliag
the lives of all who pass in carriages.
We quote the following paragraph from a French
Journal
Thetl—kebilfmraa ti
este t ;nu- ster hair-dressers of the Society itf St. Louis
dia.:was fxunveranlise...rvice for the repose of sex!
Ilosanamaius Exc.-usu.—ln a window in Exeter, the
following placard invites the male part of the Public to have their
bards mown Shaving done here by afannk barinrcsa."

-

,441r4teligaglier.. **, •
r.

.

• by. Ai
Vigul
ms
snake
This
which
and pi

'contra
bad ni

that ti
from t
lout .th
ptssag
seleete
- sdf the
4to the

impro
not lib

'Asa w
• • ti4ree
.". Vicki

f

WEST

INDIA SLAVEI'.

~_

-

LETTER IV.
TO TUB tDITOR OF THE STAR.
NR—ln my third I,etter,.l referred to a charge brought
by ASOLUE against the Quarterly Reviewer, that be had
Wilfully perverted Elie sense of Mr. Stephen as a writer,
by mutilating a paslage cited from his work, so,as to
make him seem to ciontradict him'elf, and to inculcate
the opinions which it was his main endeavour to refute.
This charge, which is of a clear substantive nature, and
which must be either true or false, I proved to be false
and unfounded, in a manner which I think will defy
contradiction. .1 :hewed that the sense >)f Mr. Stephen
bad not been perverted, wilfully Or accidentally, and.
that that passage did not inculcate opinions different
from those which Mr. Stephen had inculcated through-
out the whole range of his work : and I cited many
passages from that work, which could have been
selected with much *ore advantage, to suit the argument
Hof the Reviewer, which tended to prove, by a reference
to the state of at. Domingo, that a Slave suddenly
emancipated, without the probation of industry or the
Improvement of Moral and religious cultivation, was
not loftily to becomean industrious free labourer, ready
and willing to work.for Mire. I say suddenly; for with
restect to the future, the following passage from the
Quarterly Review, page 570, will chew the opinion of
th.ewriter :--":We have already stated, that no prece-
dent exists, of free Negroes having performed the
11 duties necessarily required in the cultivation and ma-
.;( qufacture of sugar; in such a manner as to afford a
.4 profit to their employers. We are not, however, in
" any degree disposed to infer from this fact, the im-
'"liossitilirtY yf freelabOur being ever substituted for
slave labour with advantage to the proprietors; we
44 only mean to spew that such a contingency has not
yet taken place in the production of sugar in the West
Indies, and that it can only take place under a corn.
bination of circumstances which ha; never' yet oe-
" curved." And ;gain, page 576, "If such an alter-
-41 native can be found," (that ts, an alternatlie between
the two extremes of the present Slave system and an
'unprofitable system of free labour), " it is in the gra-
." dual operation of those changes and regulations which
41 the Government, under the sanction of Parliament,
have directed. But we are decidedly of opinion that
" this intermediate alternative can never be accom-
plished, unless the Abolitionists as a body, are con-
's tented to leave the subject in the hands of the Govern-
" went, and tole:tett* time and circumstances to effect
" that change which the ingenuity of man would be
* utterly incompetent to bring about by any efforts of
legislation"—that is, of immediate legislation.
In the seventh Letter of Arrows, however, he has
made an attack against the Reviewer, so daring, and
at the same time so ridiculous, that I shall limit the pre-
sent Letter to an exposition of its compound absurdity.
Amotos thus addresses the Editor of the New 'limes :
I now come. in the progress of my review of the
44 Quarterly Review, to that part of the article on the
" West Indian Colonies which respects the Anti-slavery
" Society ; and here we meet with the same ill-disguised
" hostility, and the tame wantonness of amnion, on
" which I have already remarked so largely. The Re-
" viewer's first observation is a gross misrepresentation
"of the fact. The Report of the Committee, which
a was reed at the Anniversary Meeting of the Society
" on the 25th of June, stated a that the insurrection at
" t Demerara was proved 'to have originated solely in
" 4.thevoncenlment of the" Governor of the instructions

"'sent Isom the Government at home' (p. 583). Now
" I do not here mean, to zest on the word solely; for
" even if that word bad been excluded from the sen-
".tenee,- the summers would still hive been the very
" reverse of troth."

The charge then is, that a paragraph appeared in the
Review, to the effect that the Report of the Committee
had stated that the insurrection at Demerara was proved
to have .originated solely in the concealment by the
Governor, of the instructions sent by the Government
at home ; and that :itch statement, on the part of the
Reviewer, was both false and malicious.
The passage in the Qnorterly Review, of which AN.
cunt has only selecttid a few words favourable to his
own argument, is as follows (page 583). " The Re-
" port of this Meeting La given at length in the Morn-
" ing Chronicle of the 26th of June, where it is said that
" Mr. Wilberforce, jun. read the Report of the Com-
" mittee, which stated that the insurrection at Deme-
" rara was proved to have originated solely in the con-
" cealment by the Governor, of the instructions sent
" from the Government at home."
Now, in the first place, I would remark, that ANGLIN
has not the common Gentleman-like candour to state,
that the Review introduced this passage, ON THE FAITH
OW TIM REPORT OF DNB MOANING CHRoNICLF, a Paper
notoriously favourable to thetauseof the Anti-Slavery
Society, and in whose pages. therefore, every person
had a right to expect a correct Report of any transac-
tions, of a public nature, that belonged to its proceed-
ings; and that the Review cautiously employed the
words " it is said," the only meaning of which is, " We
state this on the authority of the Morning Chrogiele."
Now; the extract from the Morning Chronicle, 9f the
426th of June. 1824, to which I particularly call the
attention of every person who is interested On West
India affairs, is. as follows. " Mr. Wilberforce, jun.
" read the Report of the Committee, which was very
" voluminous. It entered into details, both as to the
", present' state of the question of Slavery, and the pro-
" gress which it bad made. It defended the conduct
" and motives of the Society - and stated, that the sole
" cause of the ilnetteetiON at Demerara had been clearly
‘, proved to have originated in the concealment, by the
" Governor of the Colony, of the instructions from the
".Government at hew.' I would then leave it to the
common sense of justice inherent in every man to chi
racterize the spirit which must have influenced AN-
ct.os in mating the following observation, with which,
.ter long extracts from the Report of the Society,
e concludes his seventh letter. " Let any one,
after having read the above extracts from the Report
ti tilt Afitr•Slaveil Society, recur to the sentence
pronounced upon it by the Reviewer, as having stated
" that the insurrection in Demerara was proved to have
" originated solely in the concealment, by the Go.
" vet nor, of the instructions sent from the Gnvernment
" at home, and say whether I have used too strong
' language in describing it as a gross misrepresentation
"of the fact, and the reverse of the truth?"
Upon this I.have first to remark, that it is a. direct
falsehood to say that such a :entente 'was pronounced
upon it by the Reviewer. All that the Reviewer did,
was to state a fact--an undisputed fact—that in the
Morning Chroniek of a given day, it appeared that
.Ir. Wilberforce, jun. read, at a certain Meeting, the
1 -i-vet of the Anti-Slavery Society, which stated that
1

•• .
► the insurrection in Demerara Wit : Wilted to have of
ginated solely in the coocealment,./tc. . •
ANDLUS might have said that the Quarterly Review
ought not to have been antis Ned with the report of the'
Morning Chronicle ; and that would have been jtut. if
the Quarterly Review. had stated the fact without stating'
its authority. No correction of the inaccuracy of the
statement ever appeared in the Morning Chronicle, and
if it be so heinous in the Reviewer to have given pub-
licity to it at second hand, why was it to be passed
over in silence, when in the first instance it appeared in
the columns of a friendly Newspaper? It isxlso sin-
gular enough, that the report now published, which
uses the term " proximate cause,"- instead of 44 sok-
cause," should have been kept back until public atten•
tion had been called to the passage in the Morning
Chronicle by the article in the Quarterly Review.
If the Abolitionists are really desirous to be held in-
terested in the cause of truth, I would call on them to
consider what must be the effect of the system of in-
decent misrepresentation resorted to by their Cham-
pion ANGLEIS.—I remain, Sir,

Your obedient humble servant,
VINDEX.

SOUTHITAILK SESSIONS-TIIIS DAY.

--0ir......
DRUTA L OUTRAGM

George King and Henry Tkappson were put to the
bar, on an indictment charging them with most
wanton and brutal assault, on the person of a highly
respectable young Lady, named Mackenzie, on the
13th August last, in the Borough-road.
The young Lady, it appeared, had gone to Vauzhail-
gardens, in company with some friends, whom she acci-
dentally missed on leaving the Gardens, about half-past
twelve o'clock. • She accordingly called a coach, and was
set down in the Borough-road ; she had not proceeded
far, when the prisoner King came rip to her, and took
her by the waist; she turned from hien, and observed, if
he was a Gentleman he ought'to know better how to
behave himself. This had no effect, and on Ms again
attempting to lay hold of her she hit him a slap in the
face, and called for assistance. At this time she was
net above twenty yards from her own door, and
Thompson came up and said something to King, who
immediately •struck Miss Mackenzie a violent blow on
the head, from the force of which she fell on the ground;
luckily two persons saw the latter part of the transac-
tion, and ran to her assistance, when the prisoners at-
tempted to escape but were prevented, and at length
conveyed to the watch-house, .where they gave bail for
their appearance.
The witnesses called, clearly proved the outrage; and
the prisoners being called on for their defence, attempted
to justify their conduct,by asserting that Miss Mackenzie
'struck King with her patten without any provocation.
The Jury found them both Gaily.
Edward Martin, an elderly man of respectable ap-
pearance and address, was indicted for having uttered
a counterfeit half-crown, and having in h4possession
other counterfeit money knowingly.
The prisoner, upon being asked whether he WaS guilty
or not guilty ? said, he certainly was guilty ; but lie ear-
nestly requested that the Court would attend to his rea-
sons for doing what he had done. He entertained no
doubt of a merciful consideration if beard in mitigation.
The Recommit said be could not permit the prisoner to address
the Court under such cireumstances,and advised him to take his trial.
The prisoner persisted in acknowledging his guilt, saying that it
was impossible for a man of hi age (lifty4even) to preteod to be
innocent when be was positively guilty.
The Recoatura.—" I advise you, as a friend, to plead Not Guilty.
Your acknowledgment of guilt cannot affect your sentence, which is
fixed by Act of Parliament. The Act has no power of mitigation."
The prisoner handed a written statement, and begged
that it might -be read before sentence was passed on him,
as it contained his reasons for uttering the bad money.
The RECORDIR again advised the prisoner to plead
Not Guilty, and said lie could not admit such a prece-
dent under circumstances of such a nature. If the ad-
mission of guilt were persisted in, the only course
to be adopted by the prisoner was that of petitioning
the Secretary of State for mitigation of punishment, and
producing evidence of the truth of the representation.
The prisoner abed tears, and begged to be beard. His misfor-
tunes were excessive—

The Racoasica.—" I cannot permit you to proceed. It is
wholly against the course of public justice. Why do you not plead
' Not Guilty 1' Are you aware of the sentence I must pass upon you
if onpersevere?"
r.—" I ant aware of Its severity, but I must persist In
saying that lam guilty." •
The RECORDER regretted that he would not take the
chance of a trial, and proceeded to pass sentence upon
him.. The unfortunate man was greatly affected upon
hearing that he was to be itbprisoned twelve months in
the Borough Compter, and to find securities in the sum
of 40/. for his good behaviour for two years more.
William Rua was indicted for stealing a sieve full ofl
datnsons, in the Borough. The theft was-proved be-
yond the power of contradiction from weight of cha-
racter. The prisoner- put is a written defence, which
the RECORDER said be had no doubt was the produc-
tion of some idle fellow, who was is the habit of im-
posing upon wretched prisoners, and getting ss. from
them, by the assurance of an acquittal on the merits of
the writing.
An irkii woman, who came forward to speak in favour of the
prisoner, swore that she knew him before be was born.
The Jury found him Guilty, but recommended him' to mercy,
on account of his good character. lie was fined a shilling, and
discharged.
John Rolfe was found guilty of stealing time sieves of fruit in the
Borough-market. He had not a good character, and
The RECORD/A sentenced him to be whipped publicly through
the market on a market day, and to be imprisoned and psi to hard
labour In Briztoo Bosse of Correction for six months.

MANGATi, OCT. 5.—A circumstance occurred here
yesterday, which has excited no little curiosity and con-
versation in the female circles. A small vessel, appa-
rently a pleasure yacht, appeared about a mile distant
from the pier and was observed to make repeated sig-
nals. A fishing vessel soon afterwards, left the shore
with only a young Lady and the fisherman on board,
directing its course to the yacht, which was lyittg-to.
The boat soon returned without the fair passenger; and
the pleasure vessel immediately sailed under a press of
canvas, shaping its course towards Calais. The young
Lady had entered Margate in a post-chaise, unattended,
a few minutes before.

LeGAN ROCK.—An attempt is at last made to restore
this cettbratCd stone to its former pinnacle of wonder
and surprise. Lieutenant GoLbsratTri, with a seal truly
characteristic of the British tar in redeeming past errors,
commenced his operations on Tuesday last, with about
thirty able seamen, by landing the requisite apparatus
from boats beneath the cliff.—The weight of the lock
has been recently found to be SEVIINTY tons, to lift
which a triangle is erecting over it of proportionate
strength, with tackle, blocks, &c. of the first magnitude.
It is only three feet from its original site. It was die-
tirbed'on the Bth of April last.

. 4.4.1

•'• • •
•-•tDi; ',. Ara -- • ••a:1 .
ARMY.-
• . v • 1:442
• Tath4lai Se'llegkeillsa.ith &liaise of the lab`
Major klaiwitu., naillaheti from Wetheferd tar OA"; der ed ea
the next day ; and .* lost division on latirday. They are re-
placed by the 68th, fres& Clown& A different order bath beat
issued by mistake frees the Adjetant-General's Office.
A large division of the 84th Regiment, from Waterford, arrived
In Cionmel oe T se'unight, to do duty ; and on the following
morning the ram 'division of the 58th Regiment thatched for
Waterford.
Last week the Litt s embarked at Portpatrick, for Ireland.
CallexxsTra, Oct. eh' Major-General Comiata, accompanied by
Captains Rewaaas and Ross (his former Aides-de-Camp) arrived at
Chichester on Saturday evening, for the purpose of inspecting his
Regiment, the 98th. On the following day the Nalor-General
intpected the barrack rooms, regimental books, he. most minutely,
and expressed his highest satisfaction at the interior economy of the
Amalie*. On this day the Matra were honoured with hisaam-
pany, enfoutille, at the mess. Monday the Regiment was dawn
up for the Major. General's inspection in review order, and ghee
having marched past, went thteugh sixteen of the manotuvres se
cording to the new System established in the Army; with allwideb
the Major-General was pleased to express himself in the strongest
terms of apreleitioa.
REGULATIONS CONCERNING THE APPOINT/111NT OP PER-
SONS TO COMMISSIONS IN THE ARMY, &C.
No person is considered eligible to hold a Commissio
Army until he has attained the age of sixteen years.
All recommendations for Commissions shall certify the eligibaitt
of the person recommended, in respect to education, character, emir
nexions, and bodilfFealth, and that he Is repared immediately to
join any Regiment to which be may be appointed. His Christian
name and place of address must also be particularly stated.
All applications regarding regimental appointments, promotions,
exchanges, or removals. or for permission to retire from the Army,
are to be transmitted to the Commander-in-Chief's Military Secre-
tary through the Colonel, or the Meer commanding the Regiment,
if the Regiment is at home, or, if the Regiment is abroad, through
the General Officer commanding at the: station.
Tt is the duty of Regimental Agents to make regular combust&
catkins to the Commanding °Scars of Reginsenti, of all acp44,
ments, premeds's, removals, and exchanges, of Officers, sp
the dates of the semi taking place. •
The Lesulas Gesaltes. published by authority, in which all mill:.
tart' appabauserne, pronedans, exchanges, god removals are inserted,
and wild are trearsidttal by the Secretary at War to the General
Mews emarsandisi an Swage stations are to be considered as
Wield sedated.. of die aryebounaats, so published

L In the
