SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.

Cuttowset.x.—We do not believe that anything is yet known
with certainty as to the intention of William the Fourth respecting
the Administration. In the absence of certain information, how-
ever. men have recourse to conjecture. It is believed that the Duke
of Wellington and Mr. Peel sill retain their respective situations,
but that few of the others will retain their present places. A ques-
don was last night put by Mr. Broughatn, and the answer will throw
tight on the above subject. Having given notice of a motion on
:he subject of Colonial Slavery, the hon. and learned gentleman ob-
served, " being on his legs, he begged to ask the Right Ho-
mumble Gentleman opposite if the Government had made up their
ninds as to the course they proposed to pursue with respect to pub
lie business? The country was very much interested in that clues.
don ; and it was extremely desirous to know what time his Ma.
jesty's Government proposed to allow the house for the dispatch of
the business before it ! Sir R. Peel said, "he believed, and in.
need he was certain, that his Majesty would, to-morrow (this day),
nake a direct communication to the house on the subject, and the
Honourable and Learned Gentleman would, therefore, sec at once
now much better it would be not to press for an answer on these
'undone, until that Message was delivered. Any other course
would, indeed, tend to embarrass the movements of the go.
;eminent." The answer, then, implies that the Message to be
:ommuiticated this day will have reference to the Ministry.
We do not believe that the Duke of Wellington and Mr. Peel will
nazard their own reputations, by a prolonged attempt to conduct
tusineas with their present allies. It is said that when an elephant
las failed in an attempt to extricate a gun which has sunk in an
Indian swamp, he cannot be brought to renew it without further aid,
nit that when be receives aid, he willingly recommences his task.We
suppose that the reason of the Duke' will not serve him worse at
this conjuncture than the instinct of the elephant. The quarters to
shich he must look are the Whi on the one hand and the liuskis.
son party on the other. The Whigs have never seemed fond of
iffice, though the contrary has been foolishly enough repeated ad
nauseam. We are inclined to think that the Duke will have re.
:curse to !Hr. Huskisson, and that he will not be refused. The
9uke is not the man to allow any considerations of delicacy to pre-
;ail with him in retaining a man the moment his services arc useful
o him, or to hesitate to solicit another when he finds he could bene.
it by his services. When he parted so cavalierly with air. Hue-
cisson and his friends, he evidently thought that their places could
note easily be supplied than he has found they could be. En.
*tamed on this point, he will yield to the force of circumstances
with the best grace possible.
H ZNALD.—H will be seen by our parliamentary report that Sir
tobett Peel informed the House of Commons he had reason to be.
tree his Majesty would be pleased to deliver a message to that
souse, expressive of his royal commands, this day, and that after the
delivery of the royal message, he (Sir Robert Peel) would take an
ipportunity of fully explaining the course it was intended to
Wept with respect to the proceethings of the house. This in.
ormation was given in consequence of a question put by Mr.
Brougham to the Right Honourable Secretary, with the view
weertaining, In the present state of things, what parliamentary
irratigements Ministers contemplated. Mr. Brougham after.
cards took occasion to allude to what had fallen from him

a Saturday, relative to the Lord Steward. He saidie had
leprecated the conduct of that individual for what he then
:onsidered to be an act of great disrespect to the Members
if the house. He had since understood that the circumstance
complained of had not occurred intentionally, nor could be consi-
lered in any way indicative of disrespect for the House, but had
teen from unavoidable circumstances. For our own part we should
ike to know what those unavoidable circumstances were which pre-
vented the Lord Steward from executing with the requisite careful.
less and promptitude, so essential a part of his duty as attending
he House of Commons on the occasion of swearing the Members
n time to prevent any delay of public business. Mr. Brougham
tid that it was at all times necessary, but more especially highly
important at the commencement of a new reign, that the officers of
:he Government should be reminded of the dignity of the House,
and brought to a proper sense of the respect due to it. So it is,
Ind Mr. Brougham only did his duty in strongly animadverting,
IS he did, on the apparent neglect of an officer of the House-
old, who.e conduct, while unexplained, appeared exceedingly
•eprehensible. And what is the explanation given ? Sir Robert
Peel stated that the Lord Steward was in personal attendance on his
late Majesty at the time of hie demise at a little after three o'clock
n the morning; and his duties, as Constable of the Castle, required
le attendance at four o'clock the same morning. What does this
Prom ? The impropriety of multiplying offices incompatible with
=eh other in the same hands. Wis hy the same person Lord Stew.
and and Constable of Windsor Castle, if in the former capacity it is
'mammy that he 'mould wait upon the House of Commons, when
;n the latter be must be in attendance at Windsor ? If the double
holes are inconsistent, why should he enjoy the double salary ?
Does the House of Commons maintain its dignity, and assert its
privileges, by allowing such an excuse as this P Very peopealy
Hr. Wynn, even after this explanation was given, complain of the
peat inconvenience experienced by members, in being obliged
o await the arrival of a subordinate officer of the Crown
afore they could proceed to business. He stated that he had,
'bout 18 or 19 years ago, brought in a Bill to dispense with the
'oral of taking oaths before the Lord Steward ; but the Bill had
teen rejected in another place. He, however, took the present op-
tortuulty of giving notice, that he would very shortly submit a mo-
ion for dispensing with this form. We agree with him that it is time
o get rid this of form, when the Lord Steward, in his passion for
'ldeality of office, takes an appointment which detains him at Wind.
tor when he should be at Westminster, and thus converts that fuem
nto a serious obstacle to business. The form then serves neither
he purpose of ornament nor use as connected with the proceedings
tf the House, and ought to be dispensed with • or else the House
rught to address the Crown to require that the Lord Steward should
sot be eligible to the office of Constable of Windsor. A humble
individual would find it a very serious thing to get into a con.
.tructive contempt of the House of Commons—and if, after a
tumble apology, he escaped with only a reprimand at the bar,
would have reason to think himself very leniently treated.
Teats—We yesterday stated, what we again urge to.day, the
iectssity of the early settlement of the Regency question. If the
nesent possessor of the Crown were to die before a Regency Bill
vere passed, the young Princess would, in the eye of the law, have
attained her majority, and would, In fact. be Queen. I. needless 7
co point out the inconveniences that might and would arise from
:onfiding the Government, without limitation, into the hands of a
child of 11 years of age, and the difficulty that would then rieces-
.arily occur in settling a Regency. No Minister, it is presumed,
could run the risk of the occurrence of such a state of things; which,
tuwever, would be done by deferring the consideration of the Re.
;enc., till the assembling of the new Parliament—this latter
course occasioning, as it would, a delay of some months. The
text point for consideration is the constitution of the Regency.—
It is hardly necessary to remark, how essentially and vitally impor.
ant to every member of the community is the manner in which the
Regency shall be formed. It is not only the present good go.
•ernment of the state which depends upon this, but the future
•harecter of the minor Sovereign may also be materially infiu.
need by it Upon the counsels, the views, the example,
which nay now be given to the young Princess who is des.
ined to sway the sceptre of these realms, may, and probably
will, depend the colour of her future reign, and the happiness
ir misery alike of herself and of her subjects. When these
hinge are taken into consideration, it is not too much to
lope, that the members of the Legislature and of the Coven.
tient will consider the subject apart from all the jealousies
and littleneases of party politics, and that they will unite as cisisens
if a free 'este—one and all equally anxious to promote that mea-
ure which shall appear the must likely to conduce to the prosperity
if the State. To expect entire unanimity in any known assembly
could be Utopian ; but if the members of the Legislature will
:ome together, determined to act according to the best of their judg-
nents for she good of their country, the result cannot fail to be sat-
isfactory. Who is there so fit for the affect of Regent as the
Ducheos of Kent, the mother of the future Sovereign ? Bet
igh personal character,—her devotion to the best interests of
ter child,—and the admirable and most sensible education she
:as thus far given her, prove her to be fully worthy of such
trust. fly such a choice, the office of Regmt and •
'twos of the future Sovereign would be united In the
_one prison, which is always desirable. An exact precedent
also for this course is to be found in the Regency Bill of 1751, by
silich the Princess Dowager of Wales, who, like the Duchess of
tent, was a foreigner, and not in the succession to the Crown o(
r;nglarid, but who also like her was the mother of the future Bove.
eign, was appointed Regent. A Council of Regency—at least a
_caned], countervailing by its powers that of the Regent, and so, in
act, dividing the prerogative of the Crown—is a course to be
avoided; •he constitutional view of the subject being, that the
power of the Crown, whether vested in the person of a King or of a
Regent, should be undivided. In 1751, tke Council of Regency
ippointal by the bill of that year had most extensive powers, which
led up the hands of the Regent, and must have been productive •
;rear inconvenience had the ever been called into action.
Phis was done to torment thieerri:ecnsy Dowager,whom Gee. 11. was
&aid of, as the head of the party of her late husband, Frederick
Prince of Wales; and also to perpetuate the party views and power
if she Duke of Newcastle, then Minister, and of the Duke of Cum.
reriand. Let us now review other measures which may be pro.
'oiled. Toe precedent of 1766, by which the King was enabled, by
in instrument under his hand, to nominate any one person of a
sertSill nun•ber named hi the set, Regent, is peculiarly objec-
tamable. Tate power of appointing a Regent ought only to be ci-
rcle/4 by the Legislature. Then, if ever there was a measure
ikely to lead to contusion and even to disputed succession, it is this.
Look at the history of Fr:.Ece, and see when the kings of that
aunts, appointed Regencies by their wills, to what disturbances,
lid, ma rant that if eves Leah 111 K

"edience to his will upon the subject of a Regency, what
ante has any other Sovereign of doing so ? The Duke
of Cumberland is presumed to be out of the question, and
should be argued to be so from the circumstance of his be-
coming, by the death of the King (William IV.) a foreign
Soven—namely, King of Hanover. But the most unjust of all
decisions would be to make the Duchess of Clarence, then Queen
Dowager, Regent; for being, like the Duchess of Kent, a foreigner,
she has no interest in the future Sovereign, and, in fact, no perms.
nest connexion with this country, having no children, and her hus-
band being dead. It la impossible foe any persons to do more justice
than ourselves to the personal character of the Duchess of Clarence.
Her blameless life has been passed In the performance of every
religious and moral duty befitting her high station, and we have ,
no doubt that now that she is called to act upon a larger thea-
tre, her conduct will be equally excellent. But while we thus
Dear testimony to her unsullied virtues, we must at the same time
repeat the remark, in which we think her own good sense must make
her concur, that it would be an unjust decision to place the Regency
in her hands to the prejudice of the Duchess of dent. To sum up
all, it is evidently most desirable that the Duchess of Kent, who can
alone be supposed to have the real interests of her child at heart,
should be sole Regent, to prevent—what must otherwise happen
the Princess Victoria being male use of to forward the intrigues and
interests of others; for it Is presumed that any Prince or Princess
(except the own mother of the child) wbo should be selected as Re-
gent, would very probably consider the situation more as a means of
consolidating their own power and gramma, and advancing their crea-
tures and dependents, than as a trust confided to them for the
benefit of the Princess herself, and for the good of the country.
The two Houses of Parliament should proceed, as legislators, to
discuss and settle this question practically, and taking the ease
exactly as it stands, without looking backwards or forwards. It
never hm °marred before,—that is to say, under exactly similar
circumstances,—and may never again. If they attempt to make it
applicable to the future, they will divest it of many advantages for
the resent. The proper person to be Regent is allowed on all
hands,by those who can give a disinterested opinion, to be the
Duchess of Kent. She is the only member of the Royal Fa-
mily who has never mixed in party politics, or taken any public
or private step calculated to divide public opinion ; chile, at
the same time, she has lived on open and dignified terms with
all parties. She has also presented a remarkable and sin-
gular instance of the same undeviating line of excellent
conduct ever since she first came to this country,—living
in a retired manner, and confining herself to the education and care
of the Princess Victoria, with the devotion and attachment which
usually belong to humbler stations; taking especial care at the
MAN time that the education of the Princess should be conducted
on the most liberal plan, and which might tho most enlarge and en-
lighten her mind, and render her fit to be the Sovereign of this great
and free country. It should also be mentioned, that the Duchess of
Kent possessed the unbounded confidence of the late King (George
IV.) who never interfered with her, or found fault with ber mea-
sures. Would it not be hard, after all, if, from intrigue, private
interest, ot public jealousies, the Duchess of Kent should be de-
prived of her natural reward—the Regency during her own daugh.
ter's minority, in case of the demise of the Crown ?

FOREIGN IYTELLIGEXCE.

FIANCI.'"'"ELICTIONII.-4111011g the number of new returns,
are the names of some of the most violent Liberals, whose discom-
fiture had been predicted with certainty only two or three days be-
fore their ominous triumph. M. B. Constant is one of these. He
has been elected for Strasburg; but on the day before his election,
the preliminary or provisional bureau of the Ministers was confirmed.
The fact was telegraphed to Paris with as much eagerness as the
landing of the Algerine expedition, and for 24 hours the friends of
the Ministry affected to believe that they had one enemy less. But
though the President of the College was not deposed the College
rejected the ministerial candidate, and elected M. Constant one of
the leaders of the leg side. The names of the other decided Libe-
rals are, M. Labbey de Pompieree, General Sebastian', General
Gerard, M. Baron Mechin, M. llauguin, M. Etienne (the editor
of the Constitution's') ; M. Dupin, the advocate; General La.
marque ; M. Outset, the liberal professor of history ; Baron Louts,
11. Augustin Perrier, and M. Destut Tracy.

Mrxrco, Aram 10.—It seems that the hostile attitude which
the State of Sam Luis bad assumed towards the Supreme Govern-
ment has ceased, and that that interesting part of the republic has
returned to the constitutional order, desisting from its pretensions.
Our conjectures respecting Yucatan begin to be realised s according
to what we have learned, the Junta or Assembly of Bical has al.
ready given clear intimations of its project to efect an absolute se-
paration
from Mexico.

Aram 22.—Our ancient province of Texas, which is now a
pan of the State of Coahuela, begins to be occupied by families
from the United States of North America, and this will go on in-
creasing unless speedy and efficacious measures are taken to prevent
it. If the Mexican republic were to suffer no farther loss than
that of the territory already occupied, this would be a
matter of so little importance as not to be worthy of
the attention of the Supreme Government; but this is not
the case; the families now settled will advance farther into the
country by degrees, while they do not find any opposition on the
frontier, and a brsrle sufficiently strong to check them. This bar.
rier can be no other than settled establishments, whose interests will
be directly opposed to the emigration of the inhabitants of the other
side of the in•ntier line into our country. It is madness to say that
our army can prevent such incursions, even if we had money to pay
it, and it could be sent across numerous and dreary deserts without
the loss of a man, we should gain nothing. It would soon be in
want of necessaries of every kind; the least loss would be irrepar-
able; the army, in a foreign climate, destitute of every thing, and
without means of subsistence, would nnt preserve order or discip.
line, and would dissolve of itself. It is therefore necessary to think
seriously of colonizing Tessa, and of forming along the frontiers
line of considerable settlements, composed of men whose character,
habits, and ptinciplea, may qualify,them to check the torrent which
threatens us.

Last night there was observed to be an alarm in different guar.
terse and the Palace was surrounded by troops. It was said that a
conspiracy was apprehended, which was to be declared during the
night. It was reported that some sergeants of the 7th Regiment of
Foot had been seduced, especially the Sergeant-Corporal of the Im.
pedal Guard. Those and others were arrested.
It seems that sonic of the persons arrested have been set at H.
berty to-day, and that others still remain in prison. We do not
know what truth there may be in these reports, but we know that
public tranquillity has not been in the knit interrupted. Colonel 11
Don Francisco Victoria was brought in last night as a prisoner, and
placed in the Ex-inquisition.
Aram 26.—The report of a new Spanish invasion is more and,
more confirmed; and unhappily the policy of England does not'
seem to be so impartial as it has usually been, and as we have had
a right to expect. IVhen we were able to dries our irriconcileable,
enemies to the other side of the Atlantic for ever, it hil tiered us ;
and now that we are threatened every year with a hostile visit, it
professes a neutrality, which It did not observe when Cuba was,
threatened by our forces.

APRIL 27..—We have received to-day letters by the English
packet, and one, dated 20th February, written by a person of credit,
affirms that when the Spanish expedition against Mexico was nearly
ready, the English tiovernment seemed to have changed its senti-
ments, and was negociating with Spain to hinder the expellition,,
protesting that it would oppose any hostile armament sent from
Cuba against Mexico.

THE UXITED STATES —The following are extracts fioni New!
York papers to the lit of June inclusive, received last night :
To the Senate sod House of Representatives of the United States.
Gentlemen,— I think it my duty to inform you, that I am daily!
expecting the definitive answer of the British Government to a pro- 1
position which has been submitted to it by this upon the subject of '
the colonial trade.

"This communication has been delayed by a confident belief
that the answer referred to would have been received early enough
to have admitted of to aubmi►aioa to you in sullieient season furl
the final action of Congress at tta present regain ; and is now in.
duced by an apprehension that, although the packet by which it was
intended to be sent is hourly expected, its arrival may nevmheleas
be delayed until after your adjournment.
"Should this branch of the negotiation committed to our Minis-
ter
be successful, the present interdict would, nevertheless, be neces.'
manly continued until the next session of Congress, as the President
has, in no event, authority to remove it.

t' Although no decision had been made at the date of our last
advice"; from lie. 31•Lene, yet, from. the character of the
interviews between him and those of his Majesty's ministers,
whose particular duty it was to confer with him on the subject,
there is sufficient reason to expect a favourable result, to justify
pie in submitting to you the propriety of providing fora decision in
the recess.

" This may be done by authorizing the President, in case and
arrangement can be effected upon such terms as Congress would ip.
prove, so carry the same Into affect on our part, by proclamation, us
if it Aould be thought advisable, to execute the views of Congress
by like means, in the event of in unfavourable decision.

itatay lakeitatics is the

of the Executive, which you

, may deem necessary to
%UM! your de.iberanous, and wmen may,
under existing circumstances, be proyer to communicate, shall be'
promptly laid before you If required.
"ANDREW JACIO,ON.
" Washington, 26th May, 1830."
SECILET SITTIYO.--The Speaker announced to the house that
he had received a message in writing from the President of the
United States, of a confidential nature ; whereupon the galleries were
cleared, and all but the members and officers of the house were ex.
eluded, and the doors closed froms o'clock till about half after 8: wilm
the doors mre opened, and it ap red ( the injunction of secrecy having
been removed from the p *ngs. though not from the President's
message) that the bill • to amend the acts to regulate the commer-
cial intercourse between the United States and (heat Britain." re.
ported this morning, lead been under consideration. and was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading to-day. The bill being subse.
fluently reported correctly engrossed, it was read a third time. Mr.
Strong said he did not rise to discuss the bill; but wishing the re.
sponsibility for it should rest on those to whom it belonged, he
moved the yeas and nays, which were ordered ; and the question
being taken, the bill was passed—ayes 1115, noes 28—and was or.
dered to be sent to the Senate for concurrence.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

The Horizon, bound to Providence, has put back to Liverpool
leaky.

The John and Jane, Reed, from Belfast to Glasgow, was driven
on shore In Gleaain Bay on Friday list, and It was feared would
be wrecked.

Ponvastairu, Jove 28.—Wind &W.—Arrived off the port. the
Forrester, M'Anhur. front Tobago ; Nile, Brown, from Matan-
zas ; and Dove, Tindall, from Teneriffe.
Pia-worm, Joys !7.—Wind N.N.R.—Arrived the Town of
Rosa, Carpenter, from Sierra Leone. Off the pert, the Clentris,j
Holmes, from Charleston. 1

n 1310117111. Jung Q'.—Wind S.—Arrived the Jane, Elworthy,
from New South Wales--sailed 25th February; Martha, Heron,
and Flora, Erskine, from Aux Cayes; Henry William, Lacy, from
Odessa ; and Eliza, Nucato, from Trieste. Off the port, the
Atlas, Jorgenson, from Rio Janeiro.

Batrroc, Jima ft—Arrived the Charles, Thomas. from Nevis ;1
Ocean, Tucker, from GaUipoly ; Ely, —, from Legbom ; and
Emerald Isle, Reed, from Gibraltar.

Lrvaaroco.. Jona ST—Arrived the Georgia, Yuman; Olive
Branch, Harding; and Newcastle. Wilkinson, from Savannah;
Caledonia, Rogers, from New York ; Sarah Parker. Wed, from
New Orleans; Islam, Taylor, from Barbadoes; Eden, Clark.
from arsenics ; Europa. Bowen, from Gallipoly; and Hector.
Bowen, from Palermo. Off the port. the Herculean. from Bengal ;
Hygeia, from Jamaica ; William Byrnes, and Martha, from New
York; and William Brown, from New Orleans.

Dom, Jona 28 —Anived off the port, the Garland Grovel
Pengelly, from Jamaica. I

THEATRICAL INTELLIGENCE.

RATMAIIXET.—Hitherto it has been the custom on the demise
of the Crown, to suspend the public amusements until the funeral'
obsequies of the deceased monarch have been performed. But on
the present occasion his Majesty, with a kind and humane feeling'
for the interests of those whose families were likely to suffer by a
strict adherence to the old system, directed that the theatres should,
only be closed on the day when the late sovereign departed this life,'
on the two days daring which the Royal remains will lie in state,
sad on the day of the funeral. In consequence of this
new arrangement, this theatre was last night re-opened, and
was filled in every part. The tragedy of Othello was repre.
seined ; the part of the Moor by Mr EAN. This has been con-
sidered ICZAM'S ehefaftruvre--a wonderful specimen of finely dis.
criminative acting, and at this small theatre we see it to much
greater advantage than we possibly can at the winter leviathans.
Every variation of feature, every transient glance, every casual in-
flection of muscle—all those nice and delicate touches which fill up
the pauses in, and form the light and shade of, a character—are
here perfectly distinguishable. Neither is there, on these boards,
any necessity to make violent or unnatural efforts in order to be
heard. Knatt's lowest whispers were distinctly audible in every
prt of the house. He played last night with as great a depth of
feeling, and with as grand and towering an expression of passion, as
we ever recollect him to have displayed. The applause was com-
mensurate with his great nierit.
ADELPHI TMLATItX.—Mr. Mathews closed his short but at-
tractive season laistaight. A nay crowded audience assembled to
take leave of hint, and the whimsical son of Proteus, with unfit-
Waisted energy, was sigma to Ms last. At the conclusion of the
lilonopollogue, hlr. Mathews addressed the audience, expressing his
heartfelt acknowledgments for the manner in which his efforts had
this seasons and always been greeted :—" I lament," said 31r. Ma-
thews, " that I sin cut off, not exactly In the flower of my youth,
but in the midst of my career ; but a friend in misfortune
claims an asylum, and of course it cannot be refused him. If,
as people say, this is a world of care and trouble, how happy
am I in being, every night I appear before you, surrounded
by kind (rends and smiling faces. You may have other
more deserving favourites, but none more anxious to deserve your
favour. It now only remains for me, in compliance with the old.
established custom, In the name of the Proprietor (myself), the
Manager (myself), and all the Actors and Actresses (myself), to
bid you all farewell." The greatest applause attended this speech,
and the performance throughout. In an early part of the entertain.
went a disturbance took place among the audience, which was how.
ever calmed, and made a source of redoubled good humour, by the
" infinite promptitute" of Mr. 31aviiews, who, after being obliged
to suspend his performance for some minutes, suddenly put a series
of drolleries applicable to the disturbance into the mouths of the
characters he was describing.
VAUXHALL GARDEWS.—These Gardens last night were at.
tended by a gay and fashionable company, who seemed greatly de-
lighted by the tasteful and brilliant illuminations of the walks and
orchestra. To the latter two new candelabra have been added, which
have a very
pleasing graceful erect. Sonic of the amusement,'
of last ,year, the Ballet and Hadequinade, ale dispensed with.
The new Vaudeville performed in the Grand Saloon, is c.ilied Under
the Oak, to which Baum. has given some very pretty music. T
Comm. W. H. WILLIAM., FirsTEll, GATTI*. MoRLEY, Miss
HOGUE*, and Mrs. FITZWILLIAM, had parts in it, whose joint ex-
ertions procured for it the general plaudits of the company. Miss
H (TONES and Mrs. Ft rz wr titan were much applauded in several
of their songs. Mr.FlTrliaLl. is the author of the piece; it is an adap.
don of Gen. By MOOTS C'• Maid of the Oaks. The Concert is of
more importance than last year; Jtia, H Vane. and Mrs. FITE-
WILLIAM arc valuable acquisitions. A variety of new songs and
duets were cleverly sung by them. Messrs. Rolm:sous and Wit.
LIAM. met with general applause. Coolie retains his situation
of Leader, which is a guarantee for the excellence of the orchestra.
The Fantoccini is upon a more extended scale than formerly, and
represents vet y drolly the humours of Bartholomew-fair. Great credit
is due to 31r. Gray for the invention, and the precision with which all
the inovemenis of the figures are managed. The fire-works were
as varied and grand as heretofore. A new llydropyric Display.
complimentary to the naval superiority of Great Britain, and in-
traducing many of the heroes of 3lythology. As ahewn
with the different coloured time, it is a grand and imposing exhibi-
tion. The Gondola in which Britannia is wen surrounded by tri-
butary attend-in:a from die four quarters of die Globe, very cleverly
painted by FINLEY, aided by variegated tires. and sidling amidst
streams of water gracefully playing in all directions, excited the
loud applause of the assembled company. The Proprietors have
gone to considerable expense ill getting up this spectacle, which is
very effective, and we hope will be as attractive and profitable to the
Peewit:ors as we are sure they are deserving of encouragement.—
Mr. Simpson retains his old situation of M. C and is as polite as
ever, his. ii..)lllY HUGHES is the inventor of the Hydropyric
Exhibition.

4AIPARIAL e..ltLi...k.s.V I.

HOUSEI OF LaRDS, Jane 28.
At twelve the Earl of SHAFTESBURY tats his cnat on tht
Woolsack, in the absence of the bt.rd Uhslect:or.

The Ministers to whom the oaths of allegiarce, supt-tr ari
abjuration were administered were the Duke or IVellingt.r., Ear
Bathurst, the Earl of Rosalln. and LOrtt
Earl Bathurst wore the.lS andstr uniform. with a Lick crape %CU
across his shouldtr : and the Earl of Rotslya a military uniform
with a similar scurf, and crape round his arm The DIA4 ot Wel
lingion and Lord Ellenborough appeared i t plain black clothes.
The fallowing Poen, in the course of me morning. presents..
theniselvts at the table, and took and suks:rib.4 the oaths of al
legianee, Ac.—Tke Archbishop of Canterbury. Lord Arden, Vis
count Lorton, Earl Beauchamp, Lord Co:ville, Lord Doneraile, tb
Duke of Gordon, the Bishop of Chester, the Bishop of Lichfiek
and Coventry, Lord Hill. Lord Napier. Lord Alamagu' the Duk
.
of Argyll, the Bishop of Loudon Lad larnborotigii, Lord Wil
lougliby de Eresby, the Earl of Jersey, Marquis Violmondeley
Lord Glenlyon, the Earl of Alalniesbury. the Bishoit of Win
cheater, the Marquis of Stafford, Lord Monson, tie Ear
of Dimity, the Bishop of Lincoln, Viscount Melbourne
Lord Clanwillialm Lord &Ivy, the Eel of Orford. for
Northwiek, Lord de Dunstenville, the Plarq..is of Ely, Lori Ra
vensworill, Lord Calthorpe, the Duke of Grafton, bold Marybo
rough. Earl St. Vincent, Lord %Venire' and 31arsh, lord Midile•
ton, the Marquis of Exeter, the Earl of Harrowbv. Lord Dacre'
the Earl of Limerick, the Earl of Huntingdon, Lard Gage, Lord
Say and &le, the Earl of Tankerville. the Earl of Liverpool. tlitl
Earl of Clare, the Marquis Wellesley, bard Ashburnham, !seri
Walsinghani' the Earl of Okapi', Lord Wilton, Lord Granville 4
Viscount Beresford. Earl Brownlow, the Earl of /loather'',
Earl of Blacclesffelti. Lord Prudhoe, Lord Conibermere, I
Hawk', Lord Clifford, Marquis Camden' the Earl of Winchilt
the Earl of Westmorland, the Duke of Norfolk, the Archbishop
of York, Lord Bexley, Earl Rodney, the Earl of Plymouth.
Lord Fraybrooke, the Duke of heeds, the Marquis of Lansdowne
Lord Seaford, Duke of l‘eweastle, and Lord Manners.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL presented petitions from Hull ant
two other places against punishment of death for forgery.
At four o'clock the LORD CHANCELLOR and the Duke of Wet.
LItiGTON entered the house. The noble and learned lord Cher
took his seat on the Woolsack.

Earl SPENCER presented & petition from Kettering, Northamp
tonshire against punishment of death for forgery.

_ •
SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS. .-"tedience to his will upon the subject of a Regency, what may deem necessary to issue your ele.lberanous, and veDielL IL may, 4.IIPARIAL g•..ltLi...k.s.V A.
--neso---. ance has any other Sovereign of doing so ? The Duke under existing circumstances, be proeer to communicate, shall be
promptly laid before you If required. —emii---.
wilitaretowitucteyzas.-toWildeiontnouttib:liefemtlillt anttthrg ish yet known
etthYofhtinit,seeland is
;Pore:mooed tuibethostitsircofumtohe question. azd.
e respectingirß°ed" ANDREW
hies seat on th,
c:niciAr,lby the
.dealh of the King (William IV.) a foreign " Washington, nth May, 1830." Woolsack, in the absence of the Lord Übe:tart:on
.he Administration. In the absence of certain information. how-
•ver. men have recourse to conjecture. It is believed that the Duke Soy -namely, King of Hanover. But the most unjust of all 0 The Ministers to *born the ocha of sneerer: no supra isy. are
.-,ECILET SITTIVO. The Speaker announced to the house that
of Wellington and Mr. Peel will retain their respective situations, decisions would be to make the Duchess of Clarence, then Queen he had received a message in wino f the President of the abjuration were administered were the Duke or It-ening:me Car
Dowager, Regent; for being, like the Duchess of Kent, a foreigner,Bathurst, the Ent! of Rossini). and Irlfil inlerinnoagn.
hut that few of the others will retain their preterit places. A area United States, of a fidential nature where pon the galleries were she has no interest in the future Sovereign, and, in fact, no perms.. Earl Bathurst wore Omni widow uniform. with a Llack crane *car
don was last night put by Mr. Brougham, and the answer will throw cleared, and all but the tnembets and office's' ofu the house were e -.
nest coonexton with this cottony, having no children, and her humacross his shouldn ; and the Earl of Roisiya a military unifurn.
light on the above subject. Having given notice of a motion on eluded, and the doors cloud fr 5 o'clock till about half after 8: winkli band being dead. It is impossible foe any persons to do more justice
htheeendooremrsowviedre ofropenedm
tgeanpdrooeerait ap reel (the injunction of my having "nth a similar %cern and crape round his arm TM., Dunce art Wel
:he subject of Colonial Slavery, the on.h and learned gentleman ob.
than ourselves to the personal character of the Duchess of Clarence. lin ton anti lend Ellenhorough appeared iii plain hem doilies.
served, " being on his legs, he begged to ask the Right Ho. rms. though not from the President's g
'Tr, resentn
tumble Gentleman opposite if the Government had made up their Her blameless life has he" Passed In the Peribemanee of elerY message) that the bill -to d the acts to regulate the comtner- The (Mowing Poen, in the count of toe . 'Tr:, g. p
religious and moral duty befitting her high station, and we have themselves at the table, and tont and sunemb. the oaths of ail
ninds as to the course they proposed to pursue with respect to pub Inn dal intercourse between the United States and Great Britain," re-
tie hosanna? The country was very much interested in that quo'. tss doubt that now that she Is called to act uponi a larger the-
ported this morning, had been under consideration, and was ordered legiance, itc.-Ten Archbishop of Canterbury. Lord Aram, VI,
don ; and It was extremely desirous to know what time his 51a. us, her conduct will be equally excellent. But while we thus
to be engrossed for a third reading tonlay. The bill being subs!. count Atom Earl Beauchamp, ,L:
jesty's Government proposed to allow the home for the dispatch of 'tear testimony to her unsullied virtues, we must at the same time amenity reported correctly engrossed, it was read a third time. Mr. Duke of Gordon, the Bishop of Chester, the Bishop of Lichfieli
the business before it !" Sir R. Peel said, "he believed, and in. repeat the remark, in which we think her own good sense must make 1
Strong said he did not rise to discuss the bill; but wishing the re. and Coventry, Lord Hill. Lord Napter, Lord Montagu, the Duk
teed he was certain, that his Majesty would, tomorrow (this day), her concur, that it would be an unjust decisive toplace the Regency sponetbility for it should rest on those to whom it belonged lie of Argyll, the Bishop of Loudon, Lord larnbormsen, Lord Wil
mike a direct communication to the house on the subject, and the in her hands to
.the prejudice
.a.
ghath of keno To su. mup moved the yeas and nays, which were ordered ; and the question
" lougliby de Eresby, the Earl of Jersey, Marquis (nolmondeley
all, it is evidently most me tne Duchess of Kent, wno can Lord 131 Ithe Earl of 1 I the Bin.° ,of Win
en yon, . 11 awinibury, .. i .
Honourable and Learned Gentleman would, therefore, sec at oncebeing taken, the bill was passed-ayes 105, noes 26-and was or.
how much better it would be not to press for an answer on these alone be supposed to have the real interests of her child at heart, dered to be sent to the Senate for concurrence. cheater,
the Marquis of Stafiord, lewd Monson, tie Ear
'should be sole Regent, to prevent-what must otherwise happen- of Derniey, the Bishop of Lincoln, Viscount Melbourne
mations, until that Message was delivered. Any other course
would, indeed, tend to embarrass the movements of the go. the Princess Victoria being mede use of to forward the intriguesClanwilliann Lord Seisey, the Eati of Orford, hot
+eminent." The answer, then, implies that the Message to be interests ambers ; for it Is 'maimed that any Prince or Prince.' NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. Northwick, Lord de Dunstanville, the Plarinns of Ely, Lord Re
(except the own mother of the child) who should be selected as Re. vensworth, Lord Caithorpe, the Duke of Grafton Lend Mambo
tommusicated this day will have reference to the Ministry.
We do not believe that the Duke of Wellington and Mr. Peel will gent, would very probably consider the situation more as a means of —..en-- rough. Earl St. Vincent, Lord %Verona' and Mush, Lord :Welles
consolidating their own power and greatness, and advancing their ears- ton, the Marquis
.of Exeter, the Earl of. Harrowby, Lord Dame
hazard their own reputations, by • prolonged attempt to conduct The Horizon, bound to Providence, has put back to Liverpool
tures and dependents, than as a trust confided to them for the the Earl of Limerick, the Earl of Huntingdon, lend Gage, 1. .
tusinees with their present allies. It is said that when an elephant leaky.
benefit of the Princess herself, and for the good of the country. Sal and Stile, the Earl of Tankerville. the Earl of Liverpool, the
has failed in an attempt to extricate a gun which has sunk in anThe John and Jane. Reed, from Belfast to Gisrgow, driven lasgow, was
The two Houses of Parliament should proceed, as legislators, toßail of Clare, the Ma • W Henley Ird Ashbu h I :
Indian swamp, he cannot be brought to renew it without further aid, on shore in Glenain Bay on Friday last, and it was feared would '
tut Mat when he receives aid, he willingly recommences his task. We discuss and settle this question practically, and taking the ease be wrecked. Walsinghani the Earl of indwell, Lord Wilton, Lord Granville.
xectl: it stands, without looking backwards or forwards. It Viscount Be•resford, Bari Brownian the Fart of Romberry the
tupperae that the reamn of the Duke' will not serve him worse at e ' P J 48 .-Wild S.W.-Arrived offthe the Earl ' • . - '
occurred before,-that is to say, under exactly similar oltesseollnu. one .- port. of Blacclesheiti, Lord Prudhoe, Lord Conibermere, 1. '
this conjuncture than the instinct of the elephant. The quarters to serer
ehich he must look are the Whigs on the one hand and the Iluskis. it Forrester, M'Arthur front Tobago • Nile, Brown, from Matan- Hw • Lord 'lnn d itl is Camden,
arcumstancen-and may never again. If they attempt to make
;. . a k•, C. i. or , arqu the Earl of Winchilua
applicable to the future, they will divest it of many advantages for sae and Dove, Tindall, from Teneriffe. the Earl of Westmorland, the Duke of Norfolk, the Arehbishot
can party on the other. The Whigs have never seemed fond of
nt. Theproper person to be Regent is allowed on all Fermiers', Joys 27.-Wind N.N.R.-Arrived the Town of of York, Lord Bexley, Earl Rodney, the Earl of Plymouth.
)(nee, though the contrary has been foolishly enough repeated ad the rese
hands, by those who can give a disinterested opinion, to be the Rosa, Carpenter, from Sierra Lame. Off the peen the Clematis,ray roo e, the e
Loral F b kDuk of heeds, the Marquis of lansdow ne
oustreani. We are inclined to think that the Duke will have re.
:ou to Mr. Huski , and that he will not be refused. The Duchess of "an She is the only member of the Royal Fa- Holmes, from Charleston. Lord Seaford, Duke of neweastle, and Lord Manners.
Indy who has never mixed In pasty politics, or taken any public The Earl of LIVERPOOL presented petitions from Hull ant
Mike is not the man to allow any considerations of delicacy to pre-FALMORTS. Jules 4'.-Wind 5.-Arrived the Jane, Elworthy,
or private step calculated to divide public opinion ; while, at two other places against punishment of death for forgery.
+ail with him in retaining a man the moment his services useful from New South Waks-sailed 25th February; Martha, Heron,
the same time, she has lived on open and dignified 'emu with At four o'clock the LORD CinuicEenon and the Duke of WE'.
o him, or to hesitate to solicit another when he finde he could bene. and Flora, Erskine, from Aux Cayes; Henry William, Lacy,front •
it by his services. When he parted so cavalierly with Air. Hue- all Parties- She has also Presented a remarkable and sin- Odessa • and Eliza, Nucato, from Trieste. Off the port, the LINGTON entered the house. The noble and learned lord then
gular instance of the same undeviating line of excellent took his seat on the Woolsack.
tisson and his friends, he evidently thought that their places could Atlas, iorgenson, from Rio Janeiro.
note roily be supplied than he has found they could be. En. conduct ever since she first came to this country,-living
Ba e, buns 28.-Arrived the Charles, Thomas. from Nevis • Earl SPENCER presented a petition from Kettering, Northamp
ightened on this point, he will yield to the force of circumstances in a retired manner, and confining herself to the education and cue Ocean, Tucker. from Gagipoly ; jay. .ft ugh;
atui tonshire against punishment of death for forgery.
of the Princess Victoria, with the devotion and attachment which nme with the best grace possible. Emerald Isle, Reed, from Gibraltar. POSSUM PUWISHXZET SILL.
usually belong to humbler stations; taking especial at the
Hemeen.-It will be seen by our parliamentary report that Sir
~
~._
_,__......
nn n._ ,____ care bozo
L. Joss 27 Arrived
the Georgia, „, . The Marquis of LANSDOWNE-My Lords, I nee for th
be conduced tobett Peel informed the House of Commons he had reason to be. mate time that "'" nnun"'"'" n• the ' should - et" vat:num ' Olive purpose of calling the attention of your Lordships to an order o
plea, and which might rho most enlarge and en. Branch, Harding ; and Newcastle, Wilkinson, from Savannah •
ieve his Majesty would be pleased to deliver a message to that on the most
n_ "n"" P--•
from __
Sarah t the minutes, which stands for today, for the house to go into MI,
and render her fit to be the Sovereign of this great Caledonia, Rogers, New York ; Parker, West, from
louse, expressive of his royal commands, this day, and that after the lighten "" mired,mitten on the forgery punishment bill. Under the peculiar ein
delivery of the royal message, he (Sir Robert Peel) would take an and free country. It should also be mentioned, that the Duchessof New Orleans; Islam, Taylor, from Barbadoes ; Eden, Clarke nemstances in which the house is placed, I apprehend your Lon!
ipportunity of Wily explaining the course it was intended to Kent possessed the unbounded confidence of the late King (George from n arsenics ; Europa, Bowen, from Gallipoly ; and Hector, ship. would scsacily be prepared to go into that subject ; I Mae
idopt with respect to the proceed.ngs of the house. This in. IV.) who never interfered with her, or found fault with ber mea- Bowen, from Palermo. Off the port, the Herculean. from Bengal i fore propose to take the earliest coneenient occasion to go into cosh,
sures. Would it not be hard, after all, if, front intrigue. private Hygeia, from Jamaica ; William Symms, and %Teethe, from New
'onnatlon was given in consequence of a question put by Mr. mime, and urderstending Mtn the noble and learned lord on th
Interest, es public jealousies, the Duchess of Kent should be de- York; and William Brown, from New Orleans.
Brougham to the Right Honourable Secretary, with the view . woolsack, that Thursday will not he an inconvenient day, 1 nun
ascertaining, In the present state of things, what parliamentary Priced
of her natural reward-the Regency during her own daugh. Dogma, Jess 28 -Arrived off the port, the Garland Grove' move to discharge the order of this day, in order to renew it tin
e ter s minority, in case of the demise of the Crown ?
rratigements Ministers contemplated. Mr. Brougham after-Pengelly, from Jamaica. Thursday, and that the home tee eummooed.-Agreed to.
yards took occasion to allude to what had fallen from hint The Earl of SHAFTESBURY then moved the adjournment is
n Saturday, relative to the Lord Steward. He said be had FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. THEATRICAL INTELLIGENCE. to-morrow (this day), at twelve, in order that the Peers who Icedieprecated the conduct of that individual for what he then not been sworn, and who should present themselves for that pur•
tonsidered to be an act of great disrespect to the Members —eme.-- -.-seme.-._ pose. might bare the oaths administered.
If the house. He had since understood that the circumstance FIANct.-Eezeotoirs.-Among the number of new returns, RAYRIAREET.-Hitherto it has been the custom on the demise Tie House adjourned accordingly at ten minutes past four.
tomplained of had not occurred intentionally, nor could be consi- are the names of some of the most violent Liberals, whose discom. of the Crown, to suspend the public amusements until the funeral —emii--.
lend in any way indicative of disrespect fur the House, but hod ntom had been predicted with certainty only two or three days be. obsequies of the deceased monarch have been performed. But on HOUSE OF COMMONS. Jvwx, 29.
inert from unavoidable circumstances. For our own part we should fore
He the present occasion his Majesty, with a kind and humane feeling The SPEAKER took the Chair this morning at 10 o'clock, and
ike to know what those unavoidable circumstances were which pre- their ominous triumph. M. a Constant is one of these' s'n for the interests of those whose families were likely to suffer by a continued sitting for the purpose of receiving the oaths of axone',
tented the Lord Steward from executing with the requisite careful. has been elected for Strasburg; but on the day before his election, strict adherence to the old system, directed that the theatres should until four o'clock.
mess and promptitude, so essential a part of his duty as attending the preliminary or provisional bureau of the Ministers was confirmed. only be closed on the day when the late sovereign departed this life, At Pour o'clock the attendance of members was unusually great.
he House of Commons on the occasion of swearing the Members The fact was wive heti Paris with the on the two days diming which the Royal remains will lie in state, Lord MILTON gave notice of a motion for to-morrow, relatie,
p to
n time to prevent any delay of public business. Mr. Broughamand on the day of the funeral. In consequence of this to a foreign treaty, the name of which was not distinctly heard i,
aid that it was at all times necessary, but more especially highly landing of the Aigerine expedition, and for 24 hours the friends of new arrangement, this theatre was last night re-opened, and the gallery.
important at the commencement of a new reign, that the officers of the Ministry affected to believe that they had one enemy less. But was filled in every part. The tragedy of Othello was repre. Sir. BROUGHAM gave notice Mat to.trorrow he should pre-
he Government should be reminded of the dignity of the House, though the President of the College was not deposed the College seined ; the part of the Moor by Mr KEAN. This has been con-sent • petition front a very numerien body of the inhabitants of thi
and brought to a proper sense of the respect due to it. So it is, rej ed ministerial candidate, and elected ?d. Constant one of sldered Kze d e's ef.nneuvre--a wonderful specimen of finely die. cities of London and nVestminister, relative to negro slavery. 11
ect the
and Mr. Brougham only did his duty in strongly animadverting, criminative acting, and at this small theatre we see it to much would take that opportunity of asking the right hon. baronet Imp
is he did, on the apparent neglect of an officer of the House- the leaders off the left side. The names of the other decided Übe-
:gra- greater advantage than we possibly can at the winter leviathan,. site (Sir H. Peel) what was intended to he the course of arrangemen.
old, whom conduct, while unexplained, appeared exceedingly rids are, M. Labbey de PomPieres, General Sebastian', General Ever) variation of feature, every transient glance, every casual in. with regard to the proceedings of that home ?
teprehensible. And what is the explanation given? Sir Robert Gerard, M. Baron Mechin, M. Ilaugutn, M. Etienne (the editor Sexton of muscle-all those nice and delicate touches which tW up Sir ROBERT PEEL said that he had every reason to believ,
Peel stated that the Lord Steward was in personal attendance on his the pauses in, and form the light and shade of, a character-are that his Majesty would tonuonew be gradeusly pleased to sent
of the Constitution's() ;M.Du I the adv te; General I
p n, .a.-
late Majesty at the time of his demise at a little after three o'clock here perfectly distinguishable. Neither is there, on these boards, down a Messaff to the House, expressive of his Royal command-
o the morning; and his duties, as Constable of the Castle, required marque ; M. Outset, the liberal professor of history ; Baron Louis, any necessity to make violent or unnatural efforts in order t be Immediately that was done, he (Sir Robert Peel) would take at
rte attendance at four o'clock the same morning. What does this M. Augustin Perrier, and IL Donut Tracy. heard. Ktstes lowest whispers were distinctly audible in every opportunity of fully explaining the course it was intended to situp
in'ore ? The impropriety of multiplying offices incompatible with prt of the house. He played last night with as great a depth of with respect to the proceedings of that House. It would be iit:--one—
=eh other in the same hands. Why the same person Lord Stew. feeling, and with as grand and towering an expression of pas so as decorous to do so previously to the delivery of the Royal Message.
Ind and Constable of Windsor Castle, if in the former capacity it is Mrxtco, Amite 110.-It seems that the hostile attitude which we ever recollect him to have displayed. The applause was coin. Mr. BROUGHAM said that be did not put tee, uestion for ilk
lemmata:7 that he soeuld wait u the House of Commons, when the State of San Luis had assumed towards the Supreme Govern- mensurate with his great merit. purpose of embarrassing his 51ajesty's nimnister.. It was to aster
in theistic: be must be is attendance at Windsor ? if the double meat has ceased, and that that interesting part of the republic has min the intentions of Government as to the regulation of Parlis
ADELPHI TIRLATRE.-Mr. Mathews closed his short but at-
hides are inconsistent, why should he enjoy the double salary ? returned to the constitudonal order, desisting frotn its pretensions. mentary business that he took upon himself to make the in quit' gut'.
Does the House of Commons maintain its dignity, and assert its Our conjectures respecting Yucatan begin toles sualiami • according tractive season Lass' ht. A "my crowded audience assembled to for his own guidance. He therefore gave notice (unless there illiallt
orivilei, by allowing such an excuse as 'kis ? Very peopesly to what we have learned, the Junta or Assembly of Bical has al. take leave of him, and the whimsical son of Proteas, with unex. be anything in the Royal Meseage to prevent it) that on Tionday
Mr. Wynn, even after this explanation was given, complain of the ready given clear intimations of its project to ef ect an absolute se. Mooted energy, was yam! lo Ms lasi. At the conclusion of the the 6th of July next, he should submit a motion on the subject o
meat inconvenience experienced by members, in being obliged rustiest from Mexico. nionopollogue, inn Mathews addressed the audience, expressing his colonial sloven..-( year.
o await the arrival of • subordinate officer of the Crown heartfelt acknowledgments for the manner in which his efforts had Sir ROBERT FEEL was about to move that the house /noun
Arun 22.-Our ancient province of Texas, which is now a i afore they could proceed to business. He stated that he had, this seasons and always been greeted :-•' I lament," said Mr. Ma- when
met of the State of Coahuela, begins to be occupied by families thews, " that lam cut off, not exactly in the flower of my youth, 'id adjourn,
r. BROUGHAM said he had learned that, out of reused t.
'bout 18 or 10 years ago, brought in a Bill to dispense with the e
rom the United States of North America and this will
go on in- but in the midst of my career ; but a friend in misfortune hie •
'oral of taking oaths before the Lord Steward ; but the Bill .hadlate Majesty, it was understood that no public business Moult
creasing unless speedy and efficacious mess; res are taken to prevent
mu rejected in another piece. He, however, took the Present OP' it. If the Alexi republic were to suffer no farther loss than claims an asylum, and of course it cannot be refused him. If, be transacted that evening in parliament. fie could ant, 'weevil
rortuulty of giving notice, that he would very shortly submit a me' that of the territoey alreadyoccupied, this would be aas people say, this is • world of care and trouble, h.
how -PP?' forbear from taking the earliest opportunity of seeping • few word
.ion for dispensing with this form. We agree with him that it is time matter of so little importance- as not to be worthy of am lin I;TeLiitz, every night I appear before you, surrounded i •
, re ative to what had fallen from him on Saturday, re/Tiding th•
o get rid this of form, when the Lind Steward, in his passion for the attention of the Sup e Government; but this is not by
kind
• e and_ smiling facen You may have tuner conduct of an officer of the household. He bad deptecated the con
'ldeality of office, takes an appointment which detains him at Wind.
the case ;
the families now settled will advance farther in the more eserving favourites, but none more andoue to deserve your duet of that individual for what he then consideren to be great di. ale when he should be at Westminster, and thus converts that form to favour. It now only remains for me, in compliance with the old. the 1....... • the f
moped to Man.... Of IOUS!. He had since understood the
country by degrees, while they do no find any opposition on the eitablished custom, In the name of the Proprietor (m 'elf),
nto a serious obstacle to business. The form then serves neithery the the •
frontier, and a brunt' sufficiently strong to check them. This bar. circumstance complained of had not occurred intentionally no
Manager (myself), and all the Actors and Actresses (myself), to could be considered as in any way indicativeof'
to th
he purpose of ornament nor use as connected with the Proceedin tier can be no other than settled establishments, whose interests will
bid you all farewell." The greatest applause attended this speech, bonse, but had arisen from unavoidab'e cis disrespect
rf the House, and ought to be dispensed with • or else the House be directly opposed to the emigration of the inhabitants of the other nunstances. He cons,
ought to address the Crown to require that the Lord Steward should and the performance throughout. In an early part of the entertain.
side of the imntier line into our country. It Is madness to say that dated that It was at all times necessary, but rum especially high,•
meet • disturbance took place among the audience, which was how. •
tot be eligible to the office of Constable of Windsor. A bumble our army can prevent such incursions, even if we had money to pay ever calmed and made a source of redoubled good humour, by the important at the commencement of a new reig r, that lilt officers a individual would find it a very serious thing to get into a con. it, and it could be sent across numerous and dreary deserts without 'I st infinite promptitute" of Sin . Lentz's, who, after bring obliged
the Government should be reminded of the d gutty of the bout tructive contempt of the House of Cominons-and if, after a the 1 of a man, we should gain nothing. It would be In to sus bed his perfinmance for some minutes, suddenly put a series
st and brought to a proper sense of the respect due to it. The bon
nimble apology, he escaped with only a reprimand at the bar, want of „„wwin, of every kind; the least loss would be i -
rrePee of drolleries applicable to the disturbance into the mouths of the member concluded by expresaing his opinion of the necessity for th
would have rearm to think himself very leniently treated.
executive Government acting • in concurrence with Parliament for de
able; the any, in a foreign climate, destitute of every thin!, and characters he was describing.
Tones-We yesterday stated, what we again urge to.day, the without means of subsistence, would not preserve order or iscip. welfare of the State.
lectsaity of the early settlement of the Regency question. If the tine, and would dissolve of itself. It is therefore necessary to think VAUXHALL GARDEWS....These Gardens last night were at. Sir R. PEEL woull repeat that he hul every reason to KIM 'resent possessor of the Crown were to die before a Regency Bill seriously of colonizing Texas, and of forming along the frontiers a tended by a gay and fashionable company, who seemed greatly de. his Majesty would to-morrow make a Jinn communication to tio,
*ere passed, the young Princess would, in the eye of the law, have line of considerable settlements, composed of men whose character lighted by the tasteful and brilliant illuminations of the walks and house; and hon. members would feel that under such circuit ittained her majority, and would, in fact, be Queen. It is needless habits, and principles, may tionlify,them so check the torrent which orchestra. To the latter two new candelabra have been added, which, stuns he was precluded entering into any discussion. He regretter co point out the inconveniences that might and would arise from threatens us. have a very pleasinisand graceful effect. Sonic of the ationemeato that the hon. and learned gentleman should have coinntented with
:onfiding the Government, without limitation, into the hands of a s
... „. ~.. of last ,year, the net and Hatlequinade, ate dispenud with. such severity on the absence of thee Lord Steward. The House mus
observed to be an alarm in different uar. Mild of 11 years of age, and the difficulty that would then need, n"""' n 5:.. tnnre was tau. The new Vaudeville performed in the Grand Saloon, is called Under feel that there mind not be any intention on the part of that office. terse and the raises was surrounded by troops. It was said tat a aril occur in settling a Regency. No Minister, it is resumMc Oak, to which Butter has given some very pretty mune. T to offer any disrespect to it f the truth was, that the Lord Stewart could run the risk of the occurrence of such a state of things; which, conspiracy was apprehended, which was to be declared during the ~....22, V. H. ,
n Is ILLUS., Fosvua, GATTI*. MORLEY, Mies was in personal attendance on his late Majesty at the time of Isis de
night. It was:ironed that some sergeants of the 7th Regiment of s.'"" coverer, would be done by deferring the consideration of the Re. n had ,
of Htfolleit, and lilts. FITZWILLIAM, had pare in it, whine joint ex. suite. at a little after three o'clock in tin morning, and his duties a
been arced, especiAlly the Sergeant-Corporal the lm.
tent, till the assembling of the new Parliament-this latter imums procured for it the general plaudits of the company. Miss Constable of the Castle required his attendance at four o'clock thi
id Guard. Those and
tcurse occasioning, as it would, a delay of some months. The per ahem were arrested- Hooters and Mrs. Ft runt... Aim were much applauded in several the Lane motnirig. (Hear.) After stating this, in excuse for th.
text point foe consideration is the constitution of the Regency.- It seems that sonic of the persons arrested have been set at li. of their songs. air. F I resent. is the author of the piece •itis an adap. delay in his attendance at that House, he considered it would be ad
it is hardly necessary to remark, how essentially and vitally impor. berty tonlay, and that others still remain in prison. We do not tion of Geo. Someone z's Maid of the Oaks. The•Concest is of mitu-d as a sufficient vindication from the charge of n
toeglec
ant every member of the community is the manner in which the know what truth there may be in these reports, but we know that more importance than last year; Mire Hinnies and Mrs. Fun. SIT. WYNN compl
beained of the great inconvenience expt. erience,
ttegency shall fam nor ed. It is n only the present good go. public
so tranquillity has not been in the lean interrupted. Colonel WILLIAM arc valuable acquisitions. A variety of new songs and hy numbers in being obliged to await the arrival of a subordinat
ernment of the state which depends upon this, but the future n Francisco Victoria was brought in last night as a penmen and duets were cleverly sung by them. Menu. Rostwsnos and Wila officer of the crown before they could proceed to business. He la,
haracter of the minor Sovereign may also be materially infiu. placed in the Ex-inquisition.
LIANS met with general applause. F. Coos u retains his situation shout eighteen or nineteen years ego brought in a bill for dispensing
need by it Upon the counsels, the views, the example, Armin 26.-The report of a new Spanish invasion is more and of Leader, which is a guarantee for the excellence of the orchestra. with the form of taking oaths before the Lord Steward ; but the bil
which tray now be given to the young Princess who is tres- more confirmed; and unhappily the policy of England does not The F.entoceini Is upon a more extended reale than formerly, and had been rejected in another place. He, however, gave notice the.
fined to sway the sceptre of these realms, may, and probably seem to be so impartial as it has usually been, and as we have had represents vety drolly thehumours of Bartholomew-fair. Great credit he would very shortly submit a measure for dispensing with thi
sill, depend the colour of her future reign, and the happiness a right to expect. When we were able to drive our irreconcileable I. due to air. Gray for the invention, and the precision with which all furm• (Hearn
IT misery alike of herself and of her subjects. When these enemies to the other side of the Atlantic for ever, it hitelered us ; the movement-sof the figures are managed. l'he fire-works were Time House then adjourned to to-morrow (this day)
hinge are taken into consideration, it is not too much to and now that we are threatened every year with a hostile visit, it u varied and grand as heretofore. A new Ilydropyric Display.
tope, that)
h
members of the Legislature and of tile Govern. professes a neutrality,
which it did not observe when Cuba was complimentary to the naval superiority of Great Britain, and in. HOUSE OF LORDS-Tests DAY.
tient will consider the subject apart from all the jealousies threatened by our forces. traducing many of the heroes of Mythology. As *hewn
--.0.--_ Ind !Witnesses of party politics, and that they will unite as citizens APRIL 27.-We have received to-day letters by the English with the different coloured flies, it is a grand and imiming exhibi. ORDERS OF THE DAY.
if a free slate-one and all equally anxious to promote that ma- packet, and one, dated 20th February, written by a person of credit, don. The Gondola in which Britannia is nen surrounded by lei. oeuboneccadie mural Bill
-to be wad a second time.
ore which shall appear the must likely to conduce to the prosperity affirms that when the Spanish expedition against Mexico war nearly butary attendants from tile tour quarters of the Globe, very el.
-verb. Capital Punishments in Scotia Bill-Committee of the when
if the State. To expect entire unanimity in any known assembly ready, the English Government seemed to have changed its semi. painted by FINLEY, aided by variegated Men and soiling amidst Home thereon.
souls! be Utopian ; but if the members of the Legislature will aunts, and was negotiating with Spain to hinder the expedition, streams of water gracefully plAying in all directions, excited the East Retford Election Bill-further consideration on second read
tome together, determined to act according to the best of their judg. protesting that it would oppose any hostile armament scot fruits loud applatme of the assembled company. I
The Proprietors have in gto be resumed ; Counsel and Witnesses against the Bill to b
nents for the good of their country, the result cannot fail to be sa. 'nubs against ni„i„. gone to considerable expense i:e getting up this spectacle, which is heard. Lords ordered to be specially summoned thereon.
isfactury. Who is there so fit for the 'Act.. of Regent as the very effective, and we hope will be as attractive and proetable to the
--ow— Greenwich In-provement Bill-to be refetteti to • Committee.
Duchees of Kent, the mother of the future Sovereign ? Her Proprietors as we are sure they are deserving of encouragement.-
igh personal character,-her devotion to the best interests of Tit E UXITED STATES -The following are extracts float New • Mr. Siairsom retains his old situation of M. C. and is as polite as —a
York papers to the Ist of June inclusive, received last night :- HOUSE OF COMMONS-THIS DAY.
ter child,-and the admirable and nine' sensible education sheever. Sir. HILERY HUSHES is the inventor of the Hydropyric
—nes—
as thus far given her, pave her to be fully worthy of inch To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United State,. Exhibition.
EOTICES or MOTIONS.
trust. By such a choice, the office of Repot and . ss Gentlemen,- I think it my duty to inform you, that lam daily _ ._._ .
Mr. Brougham-to present a Fetition trum the Muntenia' on :'
ustoe of the future Sovereign would be united in the expecting the definitive answer of the British Government to a pro.
CRUEL MURDER OF A POLICE
ante person, which is always desirable. An exact precedent position which has been submitted to nby this upon the subject of D •TY 1I- id. IVood--Motion tor reduction of the salaries in Hoven:nee
THE KXCCUTIOW OF sits t. . sat evening, --trees seven A she for this course is to be found in the Regency Bill of 1751, by the „keen trade.
and eight o'clock, Joseph Grantham, a police constable, No. 106, Officers. commensurate with the int:reale made during the athr.
Shkh the Princess Dowager of Wales, who, like the Duchess of
" This communication has been delayed by a confident belief letter S. division, savagely I Iwhile in execution of Mr O'Connell-to move ter aBM to alter sed emend the lair
was mute era
Kent, ws a foreigner, and not in the succession to the Crown of ..
mu the answer referred to would have been received early enough his duty in endeavouring to quell a disturbance in Thornky'
s. relating to the making and repairing of Roads and Bldg, s in I,
abutrie who also like her was the mother of the future Bove. ! ,__
admitted
of its
mihmiiisioo
to
you to
sufficient mum fur
eign, was •appointed Regent. A Council of Regency-at least ato "n"
tit final action of Congress at it. present maim ; and is now in. two I 'no
place, Skinner's-street, Sunters-town, occasioned by a light between lard.
bricklayer'. The fi I tcontinued for mine minutes, Mr. Wodehoue-to move a Renolutior. for Me repeal of the Co.
n g I run :carnet, countervailing by its powers that of the Regent, and so, in •
aimed try an apprehension that, although the packet by which it was when tome of the neighbours called for the assistance of the Police, Duties carried eeastwise.
net, dividing the prerogative of the Crown-is a course to be
intended to be sent is hourly expected, its arrival may nevertheless anti fj thorn. on whose brat it was, came up and emit:avowed to Mr. Secretary Peel-to relent a lleauge front his Majestt
emitted ; het constitutional view of the subject betng, that the .
De delayed until after your Adjournment. part the combatants; but he had no earner attempted to interfere, Will am IV.
power of the Crown, whether vested in the person of a King or of a
"Shouldthis branch of the negotiation committed to our Minis- than Duggan, the most fulinuo of the combatants, turned his vein Mr. °may Cave--to move liesolution riaweti.ig Slave Cit..
Regent, Mould be undivided. In 1761, ides Council of Regency
.successful,
January. . el ft
the present interdict would, nevertheless, be neces. him and knocked him down with • tremendous blow ditto that all bolo after 1831 he d bi d erne.
eppointel by tlx bill of that year had most extensive powers, which ter be_
untilof .
President geane upon
to
with
large .
have been productive manly continued the next session Congress, as with his fist His head coming contact • paving ORDER OF THE DAY.
led up the hands of the Regent, and must
;rest inconvenience had the Regency ever been called into action. has, in no events authority to remove it. stone, he was stunned, and while in that state, Duggan, who alai Heil-Pay Apprentices Bill-Report-ReportMt fain. to le taken into tut
l'his was dour to torment therrisCen Dowager,whom Gee. 11. was ei Although no decision had been made at the date of our last perfectly outrageous, kicked him in the groin and the left side se. than consideration.
her bete husband, Frederick advice" from Sir. Mnlnsne, yet, from. the eneral character of the renal times with great violence. Time poorfellow uttered a groan or
Maid of, as the head of the party of ---
Prince of Wales ; and also to perpetuate the party views and power Interviews between him and thou of his Majesty's ministers, . Further assist race w The melancholy news of the death of our taltiye.
two, and then was to all appearance dad . . , ,
n the Duke of Newcastle, than Minister, and of the Duke of CUM. whose particular duty It was to confer with him on the Pubject, ,
called and James Bennett, another policeman of the sante d vision, George IV. reached niarlow on Saturiley at two o rock. aed ti
terlAnd. Let us now review other ransoms which may be
_, pm- there is sufficient reason to expect a favourable result, to justify No. 87, came up, and seeing what had occurred. rushed at once town was immediately its a state of commotion, anti ,he nsionnes r
by nee in submitting to you the propriety of providing for a decision in upon Duggan, and, after a dmperate struggle, succeedid in se_ having a smelly-contested election. In th m e cause of e attar.
in instrument under his hand, to nominate any one person of a the recess.mud. Toe precedent of 1766, by which the King was enabled
curing him with handcuffs. The man who was fighting with him • ing Sir. Morrison, the haberdasher of Fore-street, anivtd, an,
retain number named iii the act, Regent, is peculiarly °Mem' houid re. aid : next morning the 'mm sitting Members began " This may be done by authorising the President, in case an ran away' Grandam was liken tip " some Men a 8 e - e , • to cowmen as did MI
ed to slr. Wakefield'', a surgeon, at the corner of Skinner- - Morrison and Colonel aim ton From the state of the poll at th•
lovable. Tate power of appointing a Regent ooght only to be ex. awm,gemon, can be effected upon eons terms sa Congress would ap. convey
;wised by the Legislature. Then, if ever there was a manure proem so carry the same into effect on our part, by proclamation, or street, New.road, but that gentleman immediately peonourc.d him close of the last general election it will, no doubt
ikely to lead to contusion and even to disputed suet:elision, it is this. if it Aosnd be thought advisable, so mecum the views of congrrsr to be quite dead. The body of the unfostunste man was then eon. struggle ; html, amongst those wbo are best acquaintedbe a sever
with the
Look at the liktory of Fracee, and see when the kings of that by like means, in dm event of in unfavourable decision. veyed to the Boot public-house, in Crown-street, and Duggan was bonsugto it is believed the two present Meanies will be returned
omonn appointed Regencies by their wills, to what disturbances
44 Any information in the possession of deo Executive, which you taken to the police statiou in Albany-street, New.road, until a Mr. Morrison was a candidate at dee last general election, and wa.
A led, and reflect that if eves Leeds XIV. MU not erne • . • a Owoner's locum can be summon' .I. eft in a minority of 25.
