HE EMPLOYMENT OF CHILDREN
IN MANUFACTORIES.

, RIGHT HON. THE EARL OF LIVERPOOL.
Loan—Permit me to address pour Lordship
• capacity of Prime Minister of the British Em-
a subject of national concern, which, though
excited considerable interest in certain guar-
, appears not to be understood or appreciated by
public at large in any degree commensurate with
' importance. A Bill on the employment of
in manufactories has been read twice in the
of Commons, passed through the Committee,
s blanks filled up, and is to be read a third
the first Monday in April. I noticed the de-
which took place on its first and second reading,
Ive just received a copy of the Bill as amended
Committee.

Bill is opposed, it seems, by a number of ac-
wealthy cotton spinners, good men of business,
1 of whom are Members of the House of Corn-
and who are capable of raising a formidable
ion .to any measure which they imagine will
their interests. Its supporters arc those who

the practices which at present prevail in our
itifactories to be in many cases injurious to the
tdren. The subject, however, seems to he taken
- both parties on very confined grounds. Its
,e bearings on the general interests of the
nave been very imperfectly, or hardly at all,
idered ; and its strong claims on thy attention of
,vernment and of the country, in consequence, very
insisted upon. The manufacturers look at it
as mercantile men, under an alarm that the
ions proposed may in some way or other di-
a fraction of theft- profits. The fear of loss
iniary gain to men trait:cid in the principles of
d manufactures is very natural. Their sta-
. society, and, in many instances, their very
isistence depends on success in their several occu-
Their labonrs and anxieties too are very
mid except in a few instances which in conse
are always prominent, they are very inade-
remunerated for their toil and care. Under
circumstances it is reasonable to conclude that
object must be viewed by them through the
of mercantile calculation ; and no one can
ime them for, Or be surprised at, the jealous
which they exhibit on all occasions where
:crests, real or imaginary, are attacked. For
and other reasons, the natural course of trade,
etures, and commerce, should not he disiur-
:ept when it interferes with measures affecting
being of the whole community ; in which
[nor considerations ought of coarse at all times
way. The practices which prevail in our
:torics form, in a peculiar manner, one of
:ceptions. They interfeic essentially with the
;crests of society, without benefit to any par-
:lass, or to any individual. And very little ex-
in, I presume, will demonstrate to your Lord-
truth of this statement. Generally speak-
occupation which manufacturers under the
arrangements afford, is more or less un-,
to those employed in them ; who are called
sacrifice their strength and substantial corn-
or the advantage of others, and not unfre-
f4 the benefit of their enemies. The num-
ais employed now constimte an important
the population—so great indeed, as necessa-
lisseminate the good or evil effects of the prac-
tich obtain among them, over every corner of
ipire.
t practices are, Ist, The employment of
• before they possess sutscient strength for
nit ; before they can be initiated in their re-
domestic &Lies ; and before they can acquire
:d moral habits or knowledge that may ren-
an useful, or not injurious, members of the
nity. And 9.dly, The employment of adults,
de and female, in situ. Liens unfavourable to
(Or an exceisiee and unreasonable number of
I- day. The Bill before the House of Corn-
intended to apply to the former evil only, and
!dy which it is surely very inadequate. It per-
iildren to he employed at nine years of age,
lye hours and a half per day, allowing them
hour and a halt during this period for meals
• exercise in the open air. Experience proves
ten may be habituated, by early practice, to
- the most inhuman and barbarous customs,
with indifference, but as amusements from
they derive exquisite enjoyment. Even the
.aryl dispositions may he trained with ease to
in cannibalism. It would be clearly unjust,
ire, to blame manufa:turers for practices with
they have been familiar from childhood ; or to
that they have less humanity than any other
men. 'Those practices, however, to which
c been familiarised fi.oni early life, ale, ne-
:ss, unjust in the extt eine to their fellow-
aed pectili.irly injurious to the best hue-
the country. To detail all their consequences
!xceed the limits of a letter, and it is preNu-
it a sketch of the outline of them will be
sutn-
once to disclose to your Lordship the high
Awe of the subject, and to establish its claim
immediate attention of Government.
ovens well and justly, is to form arrange-
iy which the greatest benefits that circumstan-
tit shall be given to the inhabitants of the
governed ; and by which, especially, the most
. part of the population shall be protected
innecesary oppression. Allow me, my Lord,
y these principles to the subject of this letter.
:.ruses which it is unnecessary here to explain,
lue of mere manual labour has been so much
that the working man in this and other coun-
now placed under circumstances far more un-
-ble to his happiness than the serf or villain
under the feudal system, or than the slave was
•of the nations of antiquity. I have myself,
the last three years, been but too often obliged
‘se the services of men willing to exert
,th to the very uttermost, when those services
dered and urged upon me by entreaties most
sing to decline, at wages which could not af-
ire applicant for himself and family the most
•sd common necessaries of life. With the small
:e they asked, they could in fact only gradu-
Tye, amidst wretchedness of which the weal-
form no adequate conception. Under these

astances, the working man and his family are
truly become, even in this country, pitiable ob-
Yet it is from this class the wealthy derive all

which they hold. The rich wallow in an excess of
luxuries injurious to themselves, solely by the labour
of men who are debarred from acquiring for their
own use a sufficiency even of the indispensable arti-
cles of life—much less any of those numberless com-
forts which they see around them. And yet, if their
capabilities were permitted to be brought into action,l
they could multiply these in such abundance as would
not only afford themselves a participation in them, but
would yield to the higher classes a still larger propor-
tion of wealth than the latter can possibly obtain un-
der existing circumstances. Such being the facts,
my Lord, which at any time I can prove to the satis-
faction of every intelligent reflecting mind, surely
the working man and his family have a fair and just
claim for some aid and protection from the legisla-
ture of their country. In a majority of cases, he is
now, whenever required, compelled by dire neces-
sity to labour fourteen, sixteen, or even eighteen hours
per day in employment from which often every idea
of comfort must be banished, which are frequently
very unhealthy, and sometimes revolting to human
nature ; but, my Lord, his sons and his daughters,
and even his children, male and female, of a tender
age, art now subjected to the same necessity : they
must all thus labour, when they can procure work
even of this wretched description, to support a bare
existence. To effect more than this. many of them
never hope, but live in perpetual fear, should sick-
ness overtake them, that they must sooner or later be
compelled to accept even this, in the degrading ca-
pacity of parish paupers.
You will, I am sure, my Lord, readily grant that
this state of things cannot last ; that its continuance
will annihilate every proper feeling between the go-
verned and their rulers ; and that confusion and mi-
sery must go on increasing. If you ask me where is
the remedy? or say, as modern politicians are apt to
do, that the evil in time will cure itself? I contend
that there are remedies; and I deny that the evil, if
unchecked, will cure itself in any other way than by
perpetually increasing the necessity for the adoption
of those remedies. A truly enlightened statesman
will avert, by wise ameliorating measures, those in-
creasing evils, which, if permitted to proceed unre-
medie.d, will inevitably derange the social system
which it is his duty to direct and controul. Past his-
tory exhibits no combination of circumstances which
bears any analogy to the present crisis: the time
never existed when knowledge and misery were so
closely and extensively united. That such an union
can be of long duration is impossible; one or other
must prevail ; and no mind competent to look into
futurity can he at any loss to conjecture which must
yield to the other. The only safe course which go-
vernments can now pursue is, not to oppose, but to
lead and direct knowledge. Those governments
which will not, or cannot act thus, will have increas-
ing difficulties to encounter, which no artificial power
opposed to the permanent well being of the people
whom they govern, can long withstand. I trust, my
Lord, the British Government is not destined to be
one of these. I feel confident that there is too much
good intention and intelligence afloat amongst us to
permit this evil to be inflicted on a nation so willing
to sacrifice its temporary interests to the security of
its future liberty and happiness. It is these conside-
rations which induce me to bring before your Lord-
ship those natural remedies for existing evils which
can be alone effectual. Security can now be found
only in that system of policy which regards the pro-
per training, education, and advantageous employ-
ment of the working classes as the primary objects of
government. Every other remedy which may be at-
tempted will prove a mere palliative, and now a very
short-lived palliative. But, my Lord, how utterly
vain must it he to attempt these objects, while so
large a part of the population as I have described—
while not adults only of either sex, but even children
of a tender age are compelld to labour in unhealthy
occupations fur fourteen or fifteen hours per day ?
Such a practice has arisen from the blind efforts of
ignorance, that, in its eagerness to grasp at Mime-
' diate wealth, destroys the only sure means of securing
lits permar.er.ce and its benefits. The opposers of the
ameliorations proposed, would be themselves great
gainers by their adoption.
Let the subject be viewed fairly even as one of
mere gain or pecuniary profit only, and it would be
easy to prove to the satisfaction of every one who has
not been trained to become a mere manufacturer, or
whose mind has rot been too deeply imbued with the
prejudices of trade, that all parties interested must
necessarily be gainers under the regulations which
ought now to be adopted—that is, that mo:-. wealth
shall be created for all, at a less cost, and with more
comtbrt, to each But I need not occupy your Lord-
ship's time wit!. th.: details plan argument, necessary
only to those whole ideas have been confined within
the limits of a certain class, bud who are conse-
quently incompetent to any pro:-:ss of reasoning, in
which it is necessary to view society as a whole, and
not in little detached and unconnected portions.
Tits o,uestion is now before the legislature and the
country, where I have long wished to see it, that its
principles might be fairly and fully discussed by
Statesmen who have no interest, either real or ima-
ginary, in the present destruction of the health,
murals, and happiness of their fellow creatures—
whose only resource afterwards is parish relief. I
regret, however, to see that the ameliorating clauses'
which the Bill before me contains in its present form,
are inadequate to remedy the evils which now exist,
and which long ago ought to have been prevented.
Its enactments limit its intended ameliorations to
Cotton Mills only; and permit children at nine years
old to be employed in them from that period to 16
years of age, twelve hours and a half per day, allow-
ing only one hour and a half for meals and exercise
in the open air. I have no doubt the Honourable
Member with whom this Bill originated, and who
has devoted so muck time to the subject, is aware
that these enactments are very inadequate to meet
the existing evils. He was probably afraid to ask
more, lest he should increase the opposition of these,
who think themselves interested in perpetuating an
oppression on their fellow creatures, worse than any
slavery of the same extent with which the human
race has been hitherto afflicted. We are unacquainted
with any nation, ancient or modern, that has suffered
its hundreds of thousands of children, of seven to
twelve years of age, to work incessantly for 15 hours
per day in an overheated unhealthy atmosphere, al-
lowing them only 40 minutes out of that time for
dinner and change of air, which they breathe often in
damp cellars or in garrets, in confined narrow streets

or dirty lanes. And this system of oppression will
be sanctioned by the British Legislature if the Bill
proposed shall be allowed to pass in its present state ;
for it is in evidence taken before a Committee of the
House of Commons, appointed to investigate the
subject, that such practices prevail in other manufac-
tories as unhealthy as the Cotton. It cannot for a
moment be supposed that the legislature will now
compromise its character by giving its countenance
to such abuses. Far better would it be that the evil
should remain in its full extent, than that the poor
sufferer should be mocked by enactments which
merely hold out a petty, paltry relief to those em-
ployed in one branch of our manufactures, ,while
thousands and hundreds of thousands in other situa-
tions are left to experience all the oppression and
slavery of which I now complain.
My Lord, I do hope that this important subject
will be taken up and defended by the Ministers of
the Crown on its broad and true principles ; I trust
they will prove to the country at large that revolu-
tion or violent reformation is not necessary to com-
pel them to protect the oppressed and the helpless ;
and that they are willing of themselves to begin the
work of gradual reformation, at that point from
which alone any beneficial reformation can ever
commence—that is, by attending well to the proper
training and education of the rising generation. Let
this point be adopted as the polar star of die domes-
tic policy of Great Britain, and it may safely he pre-
dicted that her past fleeting prosperity and success
will become as shadows when contrasted with her
future permanent strength and glory. A fortunate
opportunity at the proper moment now presents it-
self to begin this admirable work, and let us hope
it will be seized with avidity by our most enlightened
Statesmen, who discarding the ignorant and degra-
ding feelings of party, will unite all their efforts in a
cause in which all have a common interest, and by
the adoption of timely preventive measures, founded
on principles leading to union and good-will among
mankind, will overcome those evils in the social sys-
tem, which now in every direction threaten forcibly
to dissolve all existing Governments and Institutions.
But, my Lord, and I put the question to you as a
practical Statesman, can the habits of the rising ge-
neration be well and properly formed while they
continue to be immured almost from infancy within
our demoraliring and unhealthy manufactories for
14 or 15 hours per day ? Or rather, my Lord, could
the greatest enemy to human nature devise more ef-
fectual means by which to blight every hope of im-
provement or happiness to man? Could such a being
in the plenitude of his cunning and hatred, so surely
settle in any other way a blasting curse on human
beings, or so certainly inflict upon them every form
and degree of misery to which their nature is liable ?
To advance one step beyond a mere pretence to ame-
liorate the wretched condition of the working classes
—the sole instruments by which our necessaries, our
comforts and our luxuries are produced, they must
be protected from that oppression to which they are
now exposed, and their children must be placed un-
der circumstances in which they may be trained in
habits useful to themselves and to society. If the:
Bill now before the Legislature secure not these ob-
ject,, it will not effect any thing that had not much
better be left undone. Instead of confining the pro-
visions of the Act to Cotton Mills only, they should
extend to all manufactures whatever not carried on
in private houses. Instead of children being admit-
ted at nine years of age to work in Cotton Mills
twelve and a half hours per day, with only an hour
and a half for meals and recreation, no child should
be admitted to work in any manufactory before ten
years of age, and not for more than six hours per day
until he is twelve years old. And no manufacturer
,hould be permitted to employ either young or old
for a longer period than twelve hours per day, al-
lowing them out of that time one hour for breakfast
and another for dinner, leaving ten hours for full and
constant work, which is one more than our ancestors
thought beneficial ; and I doubt whether nine hours
of regular and active employment, established as the
measure of daily labour to be required from the
working classes, would not be still more economical
and profitable for the country.
I am fully aware of the clamour which these pro-
positions will at first call forth from the blind avarice
of commerce: for commerce, my Lord, trains her
children to see only their immediate or apparent in-
terests: their ideas arc too contracted to carry them
beyond the passing week, month, or year, at the
utmost. They have been taught, my Lord, to con-
sider it to be the et.seace of wisdom to expend mil-
lions of capital, and years of extraordinary scientific
application, as well as to sacrifice the health, morals,
and comforts of the great mass of the subjects of a
mighty empire, that they may uselsssly improve the
manufacture of, and increase the demand for pins,
ii;:edles, and threads—that they may have the sin-
gular satisfaction, after immense care, labour and
anxiety on their own parts, to destroy the real wealth
and strength of their country by gradually under-
mining the morals and physical vigour of its inha-
bitants, for the sole end of relieving other nations of
their due share of this enviable process of pin, needle
and thread making.
I trust, my Lord, it is not by such men that our
great national concerns are henceforward to be di-
rected. If their voice is to predominate in our coun-
cils, the vital interests of the country must soon be
utterly sacrificed to the grossest political errors. It
is the creed of this class, that no effort or expense
should be spared to improve those trifling baubles
and luxuries, which, when perfected, are of no in-
trinsic value whatever, which cannot add a particle
of strength or comfort to the empire ;* while any at-
tempts to ameliorate the condition of human beings
are decried as unnecessary and visionary, as travel-
ling out of the proper business of life, which to them
is solely and exclusively to accumulate wealth—
wealth, which is rot only acquired at the expense
of every thing that is truly great or valuable in the
character of a nation, but which, when acquired, is
useless, nay, in the highest degree injurious to them-
selves and others. It is, my Lord, to such kind of
influence as I have now described that the best in-
t ne
aid,r
de sif
the oi
sfnthe countryGovernmentt
thoacvsaeenenbtoeote nmp,rhsoaaccterei
ifidt ewd
without
it spe. years
r }tars .
lead. Should it be urged upon you, my Lord, that

• No real advantage has occurred from enabling our fashion.
able females to purchase fine lace muslins at one-tourth of the
former prices ; but to produce them at this price, many thou-
saLds of our population have existed amidst disease and, wrctik,l-
- end Intik carried prematurely tg auk 6 rano.

these and other ameliorating measures will g;
a stimulus to population that the world %%11,
too small for its inhabitants, I cannot irna)
your Lordship will contemplate such an
with any alarm.
_ .

I intend to take an early opportunity of
that this dread of an excess et populatioi
better foundation than exists for the nurser
cf ghosts and hobgoblins ; that at this rne,
earth is a comparative desart ; that all its preset,.
habitants are sutTering ter the want of a rat,
extended population ; and that when the
comes to be properly undeistuod, no re.et e
ever be apprehended from this source.
Being strongly impressed with tl:is vine
subject, I have telt it a duty imperative •
thus publicly to recommend to )our LK
Prime Minister cf the coui.try, to adopt,
of the Bill now under tke col... Aeration of t
lature, a declar,d principle of gradually
matically reforming the growing evils cf 011
by well and properly forming Lie habi:scf
generation.

It is obviously a necessary preliminary to
of reformation, that the rnanLoa,:tmer
gulch the premature and oppressive
children. Thy importance of the subje;:t oft
renders it unnecessary to apologite for h
occupied so much of your Lonitlip's tire.•_,
sored, that with every proper fLeli.:g u:
the long sacrifice which you have rr..t..c
vate comfor;, in the discharge of pi;Lc
remain, my Lord, your Lor2sLip's
humble servant, scut:
N‘w Lanark, March gC, 181 E.

DIED.
At Exmouth, De on, on the 17th instant, Maxi
second thughter of the ft v. aged 3:
heed highly esteemed, and cfler a long and
she bore with exemplary fordtadc, left her i:uw.e7
to lament her loss.

EAST-INDIA BIRTHS, '3l A RRI AG ES, ax:
[From the the Bengal Heck.iru, of Nov. 1, I (*.-
BIRTHS.
The 27th ult. in Parkstreet, Chourinchee, the Lac
fain Gilbert Nicholettes, of
The 29th ult. at ditto, the Lady of Captain Edward
the 31st Native Regiment, of a sou.
The 28th ult. the Lady of N. Hudson, tic. ALUM,
of a son.
The 29th ult. the Lady of Captain C.A. Harris, oft
The 28th ult. the Lady of Ebenezer Inompeun,
daughter.
At Cochin, the 29th ult. the Lady of Claud Currie,
sistant-Surgeon, of a son.
At ('oconada, the 9th ult. the Lady of Henry Ste,
the _Madras Civil Service, of a son.
At 3lasulipatent, the 34th August, Mn. Ale:andel
At Secunderbad, on the Bth ult. the Lady of NI.
3l`Dowal, commanding the 2d Battalion 24th Regin,
Native 1111i:wry, of a daughter.
At Gov Irpore, the 9th LI:. the Lady of Captain Jul
2d Native Infantry, of a son.
3IARRTED.
The.2sth uh. at St. J..hn's Cethedral, M. G. Brews,
E. NVarn.
On the 28th ult. Mr. Willoughby Garden, to 31.ss
melm.

On the Bth ult. Mr. Charles Kerr, tt Mies Acne
At Baroda, on the Bth of Septet-ilia, V. C. Kintl
this Establishment, to Miss Sh..w.
On the 29th ult. at the house of Major Bellats
Major Ford, of the Madras Establishment, to Miss
eldest daughter of R. East:sick, Esq. of W..rfieid, Bc:
DIED.
On the ‘23,1 ult. Mr. R. D. lt,shertson, .5d Officer
Company's ship Minerva, aiel 19 years.
On the 24th ult. Captain James Ogilvie, of the C:
vice, aged 88 years.
On the 27th ult. Mrs. Sarah Bowman, aged 29
In camp, at Darwar, on the 9th ult. Cap:am Woo,
the 7th Regiment of Madras Light Cavalry.
At Sadras, on the 12th ult. John Obdant
cretary and Secretary to Government in the late
India Company's Service.
At Trickinopoly, on the 4th ult. at the age of ei,
Serjeant John Essey : he had served the Ilonour..blo
in this country (Madros`. and at St. Helena 44 years.
At Cuddapan, on the loth ult. F. Hervey IStue
Madras Civil Service.

AROWLAND and SON respectfully
• Public against Counterfeit 'Macassar oil, in::
Hair; the Genuine is ROWL AND'S 3,IACAS:
signed on the outside label in red ink " R,
Son," with a Treatise inclosed. This Oil is the
genuine, and is warranted to afford the greatest not..
the human Hair, removes the scurf, harshness, and
prevents its being injured by illness, change of climate,
ments, &c. prevents its falling Al' or tarring grey,
the roots, and makes the hair grow on bald place,
h..ir soft, curly, and glossy, prevents the curl fai,
weather, produces whiskers, eye-brows, &c. its sui
tried virtues have gained it the angust patronage of r
Highnesses the Princess of Wales, the Duchess of Yorl
of Sussex, his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Rut,
special authority.—Price Ss. 6d. lea. 6d. and ere
bottle.—Will keep in any climate.
Also, ROWLAND'S ESSENCE of TYRE, by :
ting the hair with this preparation, it immediately
perfect change in Red or Grey Hair, Eye-brows,
Ike. to a beautiful glossy and permanent Brown or i
tating the exact natural colour. Washing makes this
durable. Ladies or Gentlemen may dye their IL:
and secrecy. Price 45.-7 s. 6d.—ai.d les. &I.
Sold wholesale, retail, and for exportation, by !kr
prtetors, A. Rona...au and Soar, corner of liaby-srree
turning en the right in Hatton Garden, Holborn, Las
by appointment, by Messmlleadries, 'Dui:bone-street
7, Johnson, 15, Greek-street, Soho ; Smyth and Co. ;
ai:d Peirce, 57, New Bond-street ; Newberry and &I,
Paul's Church-yard; and by all Perfumers and Meat,
den in Town and Country.

BY Hi!, MAMS I Y'S ROYAL I I ERS P.
LEAKE'S GENUINE PILLS, justl;
for curing, in all its stages, the V IiNLREAL
One small Pill is a dose, and the taking of one Bo:,
cue, will soon cor.vince the patient of th.t certainty of
recovery. Nothing can be better connived, more cat
convenient than this Remedy, for such as are obi:Fed
nies or to sea, as it needs no confinement no- restrt.'
and sixty years experience (in an extensive practice;
that it will effect a Cure when repeated Salivation a.
methods avail nothing. For the Scurvy and other
Disorders, this MedicMe has not its par.diel.
40,000 persons of both sexes have been radicalh c
above crud disorders, within the last eight years. Pt
sold by the Sole Proprietors, T. TAYLOR and SON,
of the Royal College of Surgeons, u their House, !
Bridge-street, in Boxes of ulily 2s. 9d. each, ds.ty
N.B. Two back doors, and Light, in the Patents
They are also sold by their appoictnitnt, with ccpiseat
at the Toy shop, 103, Oxfurd•street ; Mr. Disborougl
Fish-street-hill, nearly opposite the Monument:
Person in every considerable Town in Great Britain
Advice gratis to persons taking the above, or other
prietor's

COAL MARKET, MAJCH 25.
Ships at Market. Ships Sold. Price.
S7l Nwcastle `2si 31s. 141. to
1 Sunderland 1 355. 0d• t(

111611 WATER at LONDON BRIDGE T(}3l
Morning 15 fitinut,s
Aftctuuon - 4t '

LONDON Prilltedruwand
ayrul:.l43is,hredk..l,,,ln.l.?•bl. Ka;

. -
Or
ON THI
TO THE A
Ml' 140 i
,
1 in your cal
pire, on a!
I
,; 1
it has exci
I ters, appea
the public
its real im
1 children in
House of I
had its bl
time the f
bates whit
and haveji
by the Con
This Bil
, 1 five wealth
several of,
mons, and
t • - opposition
it affect their
'r
illi • deem the 1
manufacto
children.
up by bo
• i I extensive
1 I. nation hav
considered
Governme
, 1 ' feebly insiE
simply as 1
I regulation!
I 1 nunish a f
of pecunia.
trade and
,
4, tion in so
subsistence
pations. ".
great, mid
quence are
quattly ref
i these circu
1 every obje
medium (
I justly blm
Activity w
their inter;
i • these and
~ 1 manufactu
t bed, excep
the well b
case minor
to give w
1
i' II manufacto
these excel
1 A best ittzer•
titular cia
planation,
ship the tr
ins, the oc
t emsti:•g a
healthy to
k , upuo, to S.
forts for •
quently fc
hers thus
part of the
rile to disc
tices whicl
• the Empire
• These 1
children • L
i
their work
cessary (la
any fixed 1
der thin
communit:
bath male
health for
•1 , hour: per 1
nions is int
to remedy
mits child
t' i for twelve
only an ho
and for ex,
• / that men
• i consider t
Rot only w
1 . which the.
best natal
delight in:
therefore, t
which th.,.-
suppose tl.
) class of rr
they hav
vertheless,
1 i creatures,
it rests of the
Avould exel
meet that a
cieht at or
iii portanct
to the imn
F f To govt
rnents by N
ces admit
country gc
helpless p
from ultra
1 to apply tl
lions cau!
, the value
I reduced tl
tries is no'
1 i , favourable
was under
i in any of
rj . '. within the
kto refuse
strength t
.
• were offer
' distressini
ford the t
; bare and
I •
t
I pittance tl
ally staryt
thy can f•
circumstat
now truly
jects. Ye'
I .
%N.
sk .•• 't
• •-, "ssin
, •
1114. t,,
