FROM LAST NIGHTS GAZETTE.

(This Casette contains his Majesty's permission to Sir John
Campbell, K.C. B. late Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army, Brigadier
General in the Portuguese Service; to W. H. Mulcaster, Captain
R.N. C.B. and to Lieutenant Stephen Giles, R.M. to accept and
wear the insignia of the Portuguese Military Order of the Tower
and Sword].
At the Court at Windsor, the 30th of September, 1825, present,
the King's Most Excellent Majesty in Council.
Whereas, by his Majesty's Order in Council, of the 19th of July
last, it is directed, that all ships or vessels liable to quarantine, as
are or shall be bound to the northern ports of Scotland, shall per-
form their quarantine at Cromarty-Bay, and that such of them as
are or shall be bound to the south-west ports of Scotland, shall per-
form their quarantine at Carsthorn; it is hereby ordered by his
Majesty, by and with the advice of his Privy Council, that so
much of the said Order in Council as relates to the performance of
quarantine at Ctowatt•;-Bay and Carsthorn, be, and the same Is
hereby, revoked ; and his Majesty is pleased to order. by and with
the advice aforesaid, that all ships or vessels as are or shall be bound
to the northern ports of Scotland, comprehending the ports of In-
verness, Zetland, Orkney, Caithness, and Stornoway-, or to an/
member, creek, or other place belonging to or within any or either
of the above ports, shall perform their quarantine at Inverkeithing-
Bay ; and that such ships or vessels as are or shall be bound to the
south-west ports of Scotland, comprehending the ports of Dumfries
and Kirkcudbright, or to any member, creek, or other place be-
longing to or within either of the above ports, shall perform their
quarantine at Holy Lock, in the Frith of Clyde. And the Right
Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury,
and the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, are to give the ne-
cessary directions herein as to them may respectively appertain.
JAMES BULLEIL

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
Henry Askew Harrison, Liverpool, haberdasher, from.Oetober 15
to 29, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners of Bankrupts,
13asinghall-street.
BANKRUPTS.
John Follett, Bath, innkeeper, to surrender October 14, 15, and
November 22, at twelve, at the Angel Inn, Bath. Attornies,
. Mr. blakinson, Middle Temple; or i+lt. Hellinp, Bath.

INHABITANTS or THZ STATE.—For the second tithe
your Congress addresses its voice to you to instruct you
in the most important point which can be presented to
religions and patriotic men. You cannot doubt that
the despots of the European league, as being unable to
subdue you by arms, and to deprive you of your liberty
and in.'epende-c-, have availed themselves of their
narrow power to confound and complicate the rights of
the church with those of nations, taking by surprise the
candour and good faith of the successor of St. Peter,
and making him sign an encyclic or circular letter, to
alarm delicate consciences, and to disturb the peace
and tranquillity which ought to reign among the mem-
bers of the same society. The Congress would do a
manifest iqjury to your religious feelings, and yofir
advanced knowledge, if it for a moment suspected that
a cit,cument of that kind could affect your adherence to
the religion which you profess, or the liberty and in-
dependence which you have purchased at the price of
your blood, and of twelve years of sacrifices and suffer-
ings. The time has passed when a bull forged in Rome
could throw into combustion empires and nations, and
in which they saw themselves under the necessity of
breaking off their connection with the Roman See, or
becoming the puppets of the intrigues of its courti rs.
The moderation and knowledge of this philosophic age
have succeeded to that exaltation of the passions which
characterized the ages of barbarism. We now know
enough to fix with precision and clearness the limits
between the rights of the Church and its visible Head,
and those of the nations in which it is established. The
controuling power which belongs to Governments, used
with cate and circumspection, has avoided those tumuL•
tuous schisms which never began without_ bloodshed,
tor ended without bringing scandal on religion and
good morals.
Your Congress assures you, and you cannot but re-
cognize the tact, that the religion which you profess' is
nowise opposed to the liberty and independence which
you have adopted as the basis of your Government ;
that the ecclesiastical authority neither interferes, nor
can interfere, in that kind of affairs ; and that the civil
Government is sufficiently authorised by justice and the
laws to repress all the excesses which endanger the
public tranquillity, and which are comm.tted under
pretext of religion.
Whoe►er has read the Gospel with attention, will
comprehend the spirit with which it is animated, and
the plan which the holy and wise Founder of Chris-
tianity proposed respecting civil governments. *haus
CHRIST assures us, in the most direct manner, that his
kingdom is not of this world—that the mission which he
received from his HILMINLy FATHER was only to esta-
blish the empire of holiness, and the doctrines of faith..
He constantly refused, though pressed by the Jews, to
exercise any civil function, such as that of deciding
between brothers respecting a paternal inheritance._
He always abstained from meddling with Govern-
ments, not because he would authot►se their vexations
and injustice, as some unjust censors of his conduct
calumniously pretend ; but because his mission ws.s
simply limited to the establishment of the Church,
' sshich had nothing to do with them, and because that
was the only object of hts cares and his labours. Fic..lly,

w.

be was so circumspect and delicate in this point, that
be even refused to give his opinion respecting the Ron
man dominion exercised over the Jewish people, in
spite of having been provoked to do so by the Phari-
sees, to whom, evading the question, he replied, if Render
unto Cesar the things that are Cesar's, and unto GOD
those which are Goo's." A reply fill of prudence and wis-
dom. admirable in all respects, and which in a few words
comprehends all the plan of the Gospel respecting civil
Governments. -The principles of doctrine and conduct
adopted by JESUS Centst to place Civil Governments
apart from all Ecclesiastic:4l interferilice, being so clear,
solid, and luminous, what have such, Governments to
fear from Authorities witich not mai have no power to
intermeddle in such affairs, Out even have no right to
express an opinion, if they wish to follow the example
of their DIVINE MASTER?
INHABITANTS or THE STATEr•-•YOn see clearly that to
profess the religion of your crucified Kurtzman, you are
so fat from being required to renounce yourliberty and
independence, that you are called upon to repress the
excesses of some vhicked Ministers, who, pretending to
decide on points beyond their competence, dishonour
the religion which they preach by infringing its pre-
cepts. Neither the do mas of Christianity nor its
worship, nor the juris tion of its Ministers, which
is purely spiritual,. and has nothing of physical power,
nor the means of supporting this religion, which are
reduced to exhortation, good examole, patience, and
the exercise of all the virtues, have anything to do
with the form of Government under which the nations
in which it exists are constituted. It has no right to
dictate whether they shall be subject to a foreign Chief
or not—whether or not they shall maintain relations
with the other parts of the world, or whether they
shall have Juntas or Assemblies to prescribe their re-
spective fundamental laws. What then shall we say of
the encyclic which embraces the decision of such points?
The Kings who took the title of Catholic, such as Fer-
dinand the Catholic, Charles V. the Defender of the
church, Philip 11. the Pious, would have characterized
the document, like they did so many others, as being
turbulent and seditious; but your Congress, guided by
the principles of moderation which animate it, see
only in it a monument of that human weakness from
which the successor of St. Peter unhappily is not exempt.
if the doctrine of the Gospel, confirmed by the ex-
ample of its Holy Founder, not only does not confer
power on the ministers of the sanctuary to interfere in
sivil cases, but even cap ressly prohibits them from so
interfering, who can doubt, that whatever be their
ecclesiastical rank or dignity, the same Gospel does
not warrant them to reprobate systems of government
and national independence? From the sth and 6th
centuries of Christianity, a scandalous struggle has
been maintained between the priesthood and civil au-
thority. If we proceed to trace the origin of all the
n.isfortunes and disturbances which have occurred in the
Church, and of the celebrated conflicts which have
taken place between the Ministers of the Altar and the
Sovereigns of States, it will be seen that allot them have
had their commencement in the mutual encroachments

which they have made on deb other's jurisdiction, and
in both authorities having passed their proper limits.
The rulers ofUations pretend to decide on the dogmas
of religion, and the Head of the Church assumed the
power of pronouncing on the validity of their laws, and
the legitimacy of their appointment. Open force, and
ruling prejudice, often decided these important points to
the manifest contempt of reason and justice, and to the
positive injury of religion and civil authority. Let history
be appealed to, and we shall see the Greek Emperors
co mpromising the tranquillity of their States, by entering
into disputes about the divinity of the word, the preces-
sion of the Holy Spirit from the FATHER and Sox, the
worship of images, and other similar points, shamefully
abandoning the defence of their subjects, and allowing.
the Turks, by their culpable negligence, to advance
unopposed to the gates of Constantinople. On the
other hand, we may behold the Bishops and Priests
throwing away their pastoral staff, and with it all the
meekness of the Gospel, in order to grasp the sword and
to shed the blood of those whom Jews CHRIST came to
save, and not to condemn—whom he commanded them
to convince, not to persecute—whose understandings
they were required to purge from error—whose hearts
they were to free from vice, but whose persons they had
no authority to destroy. These priests, from whom
other things might have been expected, becoming the
apostles of fanaticism, propagated doctrines the most
subversive and seditious against the independence of
nations, and abandoning the characters of ministers of
peace, laid waste, by fire and sword, kingdoms and
empires.
The scandalous actions of Pope Gregory VII. the
c-mduct of Innocent 111. and Boniface VIII. (to omit
others), shew in the most decisive manner that the cc.
clesiastical authority has never, without injury, trans-
gressed its prescribed limits. Schism and rebellion, the
dishonour of religion, and the slavery of nations, have al-
ways been the fatal consequences of this anti-evangelical
principle, and the baneful fruits of its poisonous root.
Happily, the morning of light and knowledge which
followed the dismal night of the 13th, 14th, and 15th
centuries, enlightened nations on their true rights, and
taught them to reduce within its natural limits the re-
spect due to sacerdotal authority. Governments gra-
dually desisted from agitating questions foreign to their
functions, and began on the other hand to protect them-
selves from the consequences of bulls and excommuni-
cations. The heads of die church, on their side, have
been receding gradually from their pretensions over
civil affairs, so that in the last three 'centuries the suc-
cessors of St. Peter could scarcely be called a shadow of
the Popes in the middle ages. Thus was peace established
between the priesthood and secular power : civil go-
vernmeut appeared with an energy and authority cor-
responding to the sovereignty and independence of
stations; and ecclesiastical power attained that degree of
respect and veneration which it might justly. claim
during the pontificate of the immortal Ganganelli. This
ornament of the tiara following the footsteps of the
Apostles and of the DIVINE Founinn of Christianity,
full of meekness, moderation, and condescension, was
able, by a conduct worthy of die successor of St. Peter,
to unite in his person the respect and veneration due to
the Catholic Church ; while many of his predecessors
who had abandoned this course involved the nations in
blood, threw dishonour on religion, and gave occasion
to schisms and heresies.
The Governments of-the nations, especially of those
nations which have the happiness to profess the Roman
Catholic religion, are strictly bound to support their
libeity and independence, both because all duties ac-
_ degree of force by their - 'ith reli

'Leo XIL feels in hit acyclic, that the religion and nso-I
rality of nations lose much by anarchy and confusion.
Then Governments, entirely occupied about ther politi-
cal existence, are under the necessity of neglecting every
thing else, and licentiousness makes frightful progress
under the protection of misrule. And who can doubt
that such a deplorablettate of things is often brought
about by the attacks which civil authority receives from
ecclesiastical pretension ?
If our people were less docile and enlightened, the
encs cite of his Holiness would have caused evils
which not only would have shaken the basis of civil,
authority, but the pillars of the sanctuary. But, hap-
pily, the intellectual improvement which is the character
of our age has learned to keep everything in its proper;
place, and has conciliated the interests of the Church i
with those of the State, in such a way that the most
perfect harmony reigns between them.
INHABITANTS OF THE STATE.—Your Congress has
done nothing else but place before you a slight sketch
of the doctrine of your SAVIOUR, respecting the in-
dependence of nations, and the fatal results which
spring from the breach of his commandments.
It has the strongest motives t-, excite activity in the
authorities, both civil and ecclesiastical, and to demand
the most prompt co-operation of individuals to maintain
the tranquillity of the nation, and the system of the
established Government. You have elected your Go-
vernment—you hold with it a common interest, different
from that of those sotto are governed by Monarchies or
Aristocracies—you have neither anything to fear from
it, nor it from you. The Congress, therefore, is not
afraid that the public tranquillity can he disturbed on
pretexts of religion ; but if, unfortunately, any way-
ward incendiary should endeavour to excite disturb-
, anneal whatever be his class, dignity, or condition, or un-
der whatever disguise he appears, even though it should
be that of supporting religion, the State has at its head a
vigorous and energetic Government, which can make
itself respected, and bring down the sword of justice
on the guilty, severing from the rest of the inhabitants,
and even of mankind, the rash man who would dare to
cause the ruin of his brethren.

(Signed) PEDRO VALDOVENOS, President.
MANUEL COSTASAR, Sec.
ANTONIO VELAZCO DE LA TORRE, Sec.

THE GREEKS AND THE TURKS.

?ROM THE !TOILE, DATED MONDAY, OCTOBER 10.
RHODES, AUGUST 20.
An Austrian vessel has just arrived here, which was
one of the transports of the Capitan Paella's fleets. The,
Captain has declared, that Ibrahim Pacha was at Tri-1
polizza master of almost the whole of the Morea,
except Corinth, Manovania, and Napoli di Romania.
IHe has appeared several times before, the latter place.
He is now employed in having the harvest reaped for
his own use by the Greeks who are subject to him, and
who are said to amount to 6,000. The army of Colo-
cotroni, according to the same Captain, is entirely
dissolved, and it is not known whither that Chief has
retired. The son of Pietro Bey is still Ibrahim's prisoner.
While the Austrian vessel was at Napoli di Romania,
two English vessels had brought ammunition and
money.—On the 4th of August the Capitan Pacha had
anchored near Missolonghi to land some troops to
reinforce the army of the Pacha of Romelia, who was
besieging that place. The Commander of the Austrian
squadron was then present; he kept watch in the olifing.l
The Capitan Pacha had scarcely dine landing the,
troops when the Austrian Commodore made the signal
to announce the Greek squadron. The Capitan Pacha
got under sail to prepare for the combat, which was
obstinate, and in which he lost a brig and a schooner ;
the Greeks also suffered. The latter having stood out
to sea again, the Capitan Pacha returned to Para&
The Riche of Romelia has sprung a mine, which has
destroyed part of the fortifications of Missolonghi. The
Albanians entered into the breach caused by the mine,
but the result of the affair was not yet known. The
Greeks of Napoli di Romania say that Commodore Ha-
milton bas advised them to hoist the British colours, if
the town should be obliged to surrender.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

--.4.-
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 182.5.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened this morning at 1161 Sellers for the Account,
since which they are 881 i ; and for next time (November), 8111
I, wish little doing, except making up Accounts foe to-morrow,
which is settling day.

In the Foreign Market little or nothing is doing.

Current Prices: New Spanish 131, Old 17*, Russian
Mexican 711 721, Austrian 98} I, Colombian New 76i, Brazilian
Scrip 71 aise. Mexican Scrip 81 7i disc. Danish Scrip 83 disc.
Greek Scrip 25 24 discount.

PRICK OF STOCKS AT O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 223
3 per Cent. Red. ex-div. 8714
8 per Cent. Cons. 88 3/1 Vs %
3i per Cent. Red. 95
4 per Cent. New 103% %
Long Ann. ex-div. 21%
India Bonds 20 19
Old Annuities 871/4
£l,OOO Excheq. Bills 2 4
E. 500 ditto 2 4
£lOO and £2OO ditto 2 5
India for Acct. 2661/2 267 2661 h
Cons. for Acct. 881/4 34 IA3 %

It has appeared that FZIMINAND of Spain, finding
it impracticable to reduce his ancient trans-atlantic
subjects to their former state of vassalage by means of
the carnal weapon, has called in the aid of the spiritual
arm. The Holy Father has been prevailed on to
stretch out his pastoral staff in support of the Spanish
sceptre, and to launch, at this late hour, the once
powerful thunders of the Vatican against those who
may venture to refuse obedience to this ill-timed inter•
ference of the successor of Sr. PSTER, in matters which
no way concern him. His circular letter has been
answered, not by the Mexican Government, but by a
Proclamation of the whole Mexican Congress, addressed
to their constituents, utterly denying the right of the
Bishop of Rosca to intermeddle in temporal concerns,
, their arguments on the Gospel. We fear
eventually appear there is more of courage
in this measure. The Roman Catholic

!Church has long arrogated to itself cue exclusive's-Iglu
•o interpret the Gosrel afc. r its own manner. What-
soever the head of that Church, therefore, may please
to call Scripture, must be received implicitly by its
followers as such, else interdiction from the rites of
religion follows ;—lnti, ceder, no member of the Hierar-
chy will venture to disobey the inhibition.
We cannot but be aware that the Mexicali popula-
tion are among the most abjectly bigotted and priest-
ridden of the human race.

The actual President, or present head of the Mexican
Government, was raised to that high station, not so
much for his acknoWledged talents and patriotism as
n for his pre eminent su ission to, and observance of
the minutest ceremonies bf the Roman Catholic religion ;
and unless the Clergy of Mexico are endowed with
liberality in a double portion—to such a degree, indeed,
as no other classes of their communion in any quarter
of the world have as yet manifested, we cannot ob-
serve this public defiance of the Pars without senti-
ments of alarm and -apprehension. The present inter-
ference of the Roman Pontiff, however, in the temporal
cones ns of a people so many thousand miles removed
from his presence, affords other nations an instructive
less7n.

It happens that the right of the Roman Church to in-
terpret Scripture exclusively, is at this moment stoutly
maintained, and as resolutely contested in the Sister
Kingdom. Six doughty Champions of the Established
Church had entered the lists, but the marshal of the
tournament threw down his warder, and forbade the
onset : in other words, they challenged their opponents
to a public argument, but the Roman Catholic Bishop
of the district prohibited the Clergy of his persuasion
from accepting the challenge. Notwithstanding this,
one Professor MiSwasNey, published in the Newspa-
pers a counter-cballenge, which we see, by the Morning
Chronicle of this day, is accepted by a Mr.Wra. URWICK,
of Sligo, and so the battle is to be decided by duel.—
As a most curious coincidence, and fit comment on
this foolish and vain-glorious conceit of two men, who,
professing equally to advance the cause of religion, are
in their hearts most probably courting the opportunity
of displaying their individual wits, in the arena of con-
troversy, we observe also in the Morning Chronicle
of this day, one M'SwxENY (not the same we suppose),
and a man of the name of FOIIIIKY, signalising their
prowess by a pugilistic rencounter in the Ring as Prize-
fighters, in which the former was victorious.
At Oxford, also, we perceive with sorrow, that the
odium Theologicum burns intensely. Mr. MULOCK, a
Dissenting Minister, and well-known writer, has, while
engaged with bis congregation in Divine Worship,
within the walls of a private house, been assaulted by a
rabble,and his life endAngered.Whatever maybe the tenets
of a preacher, a riotous attack upon any assembly, who
are actually engaged in supplicating the Goa of Mercy,
the universal Father of All, is most disgraceful to any,
the most remote corner of this civilized nation, but
above -all detestably disgraceful to Oxford, the seat of
learning and religion—and we shall be most ready to
exonerate the respectable and venerable heads of that
city, in whose hands also is the administration of local
justice there, from all reproach in countenancing those
outrages, when we hear of their active concurrence in
punishing the infamous perpetrators.

This forenoon we received Frankfurt and other Papers
to the 6th instant. The following are extracts:

VIENNA, SEPTEMBER 30.

Their Imperial Majesties will return to the Palace
of Schlosshof by the Saint's day of our beloved Em-
peror, and will spend it in the bosom of their family.
A deputation from the Estates of Hungary will present
their congratulations to their Majesties. During the
month of October, the Court will reside alternately at
Schlosshof and Presborg.
The Magnates of the kingdom of Hungary have
confirmed the Letters of Naturalisation on his Highness
Prince Metternich, and on Baron Von Steinlein, Mi-
nister from the King of Bavaria to the Imperial Court.

quite a new degree of forceby their union with religious and foundiag their ari
principles, and because the support of civil authority
that it will eventually
conttibutes powerfully to maintain purity of religion
aud snaunen. It is a proposition of etarual ttutbs which than discoeuon is this
- •
•
