FRENCH PAPERS.

.•-•••11Mina.

• .
PARIS, Arm IC
The Conquerant, on board or which M. de Rigny was.
has fisished quarantine at Toulon, and obtained free
entry on the 1&h of this month. Before the Admiral
landed, an immense crowd assembled on the quay, and
ari anon as be coached the soil of his native land, the
protector of the liberty of Greece was received with the
most hearty acclamations. The officers of the marine
and garrison hastened to receive him, and. soon after,
the civil authorities, maritime and military, went to pre-
sent to him their respects.

11011 Mt IinNITRUR OF APRIL 25.
• The official part of the !wiser contains two Royal
Or dinsaces—

" 1. Camases, Ste.
" Oer cowls the Duke de Laval Meetemeetwy, Pose at PIUS%
Waxer efState. Mad Members of our Privi COSISIA Is *mime
Minister Secretary of State for the Department of Foreign Al*,
te the neat of the C 00316 de la Forestay, whose redgeation we
base Milted.

44 I. Mums*, atie.
" The Comte de la Ferrosays. Peer of Frame, is appointed
blighter of State, and Masher of air Privy Cessell."
These Ordinances are both dated April 14, lad addressed is the
usual form to the Keeper of the Seale.

PROM TOR JOURNAL DRS DESAiI.

The interim state of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs
has for a considerable time put been the source of just
impatience. On taking an enlightened view of the situ-
,Ation of Europe, and in particular on reflecting that the
greatest of present interests are on the side of foreign
policy, it was impossible not to regret a provisional'ai.
rangement, which placed in the hands of a temporary
Minister the department which has the most important
business to transact, and the most serious responsibility
to sustain. The Duke de Laval has, however. been
called upon to succeed M. de la Ferronays. After long
uncertainties among all the names which public rumour
enumerated every day, and which were without doubt
often repeated around the green-table of the Council of
Ministers, the name of M. de Laval has been chosen.

Great was the surprise of the public, greater still we
think will be that of our Ambassador, when this news
will arriwe to surprise him at Vienna, amidst the pacific
functions which he there executes with honour and
ability.

The Duke de Laval is a man of great moderation,
and of extreme modesty. He has not mixed, as has been
indiscreetly averred, with the intrigues of any congre-
gation or of any coterie. He knows, better than is ge-i
tunny supposed. the political state of our country. and
the man who acts the chief part. It is on that•account
we think he will find the burden too heavy, in times so
difficult, and under a Ministry already old.
The position of the Ministry bas become very etnbar-
raining. The alternate hostility of the two sides of the
Chamber—the unfavourable appearance of a Session
abruptly cut off, prolonging its existence by small laws
of detail, without that great compensation of a commu-
nal law, which would have lightened its burdens, and
made the nation pay the taxes with good humour, in
addition to the progressive complication in the political
relations of foreign Powers, and the appr-ach of events
vb•ch may derange the European equilibrium—such
are the difficulties of the moment—such is a crisis in
which more than courage is necessary. more than ho-
nourable seal is necesiai y, to accept a responsible of-
ace in the government of French affairs.

Will not these considerations strike the Duke de
Leval? and if you ad,i to these powerful reasons for
declining office, or at least for hesitating. the scruples
of a modesty which perhaps does not do justice to itself,
and the fear of not being powerful enough for such a
responsibility—every thing gives us reason to presume
that the Duke de Laval will not exchange his ambassa-
dorial title at a great Court for the uncertain place of
Minister in a Cabinet which cannot do all that it wishes,
still more in one which does not wish all the good it
can perform.
If, however, our presumptions are falsified--if the
Duke de Laval accept, he cannot be here before the
15th May. and thus is our provisional condition pro-
longed for some weeks.
If M. de Laval refuse. the embarrassments will re.
commence. Candidates will be again brought forward
and withdrawn ; names ahnounced and contradicted ;
and this portfolio, to which so many have been called,
and for which so few have been chosen, will return to
N. de Portalis. who sinks under the weight of two litho.
doss offices. Thus the temporary state will continue—
always the seaSporary I
This state at things is disquieting. In circumstances
which must have a decisive influence on the honour and
interests of the country—.when the French Ministry.
whether acting or observing. ought to be the first in
Europeoben the great Powers are preparing and
gathering up their strength—when Russia is silently or.
ganizingimmense armies—when England, in relieving
herself from the oppressive weight of religious slavery
in Ireland, boldly casts off that internal fetter to give all
her.attention to ex:ernal events, and be prepared for
whatever may occur—how is it possible to look without
anxiety at our foreign relations, destitute of a Minister
to represent and personify our future policy?
We do not set up for prophets of misfortune. but the
passing time is hill of uncertainty; and it requires little
foresight to perceive that the face of Europe may be,
soddenly changed. It seems to us, therefore, more
reasonable to be uneasy than to slumber. Should an
important event surprise us while we remain in this
provisional state, while we are deliberating who should
or should not be Minister, while we fancy we are
managing the affairs of 'he State, by supporting or op
posing candidates, what would we do? This will ex.
plain 40Us surprise, and even our disquietude, on learning
that a choice has been made which, though falling on
an honourable man, is not one calculated to definitively
✓escue us from this endless q §estine of ponvisionahty.
Fames Fetus—Pasn. Arse. se per Cents. ton. see.
—Thee per Cants. TIL 40s. feu—Bask Stock, I,llsoL—Naples
Stuck, MC. Sk.—Reyel Illparish Low, sslg--Illaitlea Law.
4094-111thwea ea brederharnemaseth, sit. stk.—Three austfo,
(paper), , Ut. la. massy, Iff. 10.—Clours ilerhastliste.

.MlNms
,PARISH. OF ST. SAVIOUR'S. SOUTHWRAL

These has been a c ,nsidetable disputt in the parish
lof St. Southwark, in consequence of the elec.
Itinn of a gentleman who has been appointed to the office
called "General Poor and Renter Warden," instead of
a candidate who has, it is said, given offence to some
of the upper orders of the parish. by attributing to them
. fancy to the Select Vestry system. Mr. Wild was the
can lidate alluded to. and having already served the
-Ste below 'hat of " Renter Warden," stood senior in
nominaiion to the successful candidate. The numbers
were 29 to 27. and Mr. Wild dem .nded a poll, which
was refused, upon the ground of want of precedent ; land
Mr. Wild, litho professes himself to be tie staunch de-
fender of the chartered rights :sod privileges of the Pa-
rish Corporate. has pledged himself to try the question
whether a poll can be, under these circumstances, legally
refused. The Act of the Std Henry VIII. of which
the following is an esti act in the quaint language of the
time, is the authority upon which the experimer.t is to
be made. The Act states "that the patrishoress of the
music piirrishe among themselves letely. at such times
as after their sadde (serious) discrecions they shall I hincke
convenient... for ever more shall nomin do and elect
..sise or Imre beige persons, dwelliog within the pre.
chute of the said parishe, to be Chu, che.Wat dens, who
shall doo and exercise all and everyethinge as any other
Wardens may doe in any other parishe or place within
this Realme of England, which Wardens shall be a per-
petual' and a bible bodge in the lase. and also shall
have a common wales to preserve fur tire business of the
same Corporation." Stc stc.

MENDIICtY—SUCIETY.
Yesterday afternoon the eleventh Annual Meeting of
the sulAtibers and friends io the above Society was held
at the Freemasons' Tavern; the Right lion. Lord RAD.
not= in the Chair.

The CRAIRRAN stated, that he extremely regretted
the absence of the Noble Earl (Hat dwicke) who was to
have f resided on the occasion, but who was prevented
from doing so by severe indisposition. The merits of
the Institution were too well known to require any cult).
gium from nun; and he would therefore conclude by
requesting the attention of the Meeting to the Report of
the proceedings of the Committee during the past year.
The Report was then read by M. ETRIPIII/111. the
Assistant Manager ; after stating the number of men:
dicants, &c. who 'had been relieved by the Society, it
called the attention ut the sunscribers to a material
improvement made by the Committee as to the em-
ployment of the persons a ho applied to them for tend.
The wharf at which the able bodied applicants were
formerly employed in breaking stones, was at a
lance frMn the office, and the contract with the prp.t
prietors somewhat expensive. They had thelefore
deemed it expedient to adopt, in lieu of that disttar
and expensive process, a plan which would be more
immediately under their own inspection, and accord-
ingly they resolved to As:splay their ablh-bodied male
and female applicants in goading wheat by means of a
hand mill, and preparing Niel gar, which is atter:suds
made into bread tor daily distribution in the Society's
office, in premises adjacent. which 'they bad hired for
the purpose. and where the necessary apparatus had
been erected. The men are employed in turning the
mill, and the women in working the dressing machine.
They are separated from each other, and their labour
superintended by a person who easily combines the
duty of inspection with the baking of the bread. This
plan has proved to be in many respects superior to the
former. In the first place, it provides a test for the
industry of the women, who cannot be employed in the
breaking of stones, and therefore frequently become idte
pensioners on the bounty of the Society. From its
proximity its the office it afforded the managers an op.
portunity of ascertaining by the immediate offer of work
to the able-bodied mendicant, whether he is ills' used
to accept it—withholding the meal until he has earned
it by industrious exertion ; whereas the distarice of the
former plate of employment rendered it necessary pre-
viously to supply with food the per suns sent to N 0: 14
of whom the greater part (as had been proved), bas
absconded. The new plan was also much cheaper than
the former, and a test by which they could distingui-h
the indu.ttiuus from the idle mendicant, and afford
temporary employment to persons deserving it until
they could procure a more regular occupation.
A letter was then read from the Earl of Harda icke,
enclosing a donation of SOL and another from Lord
Skelmersdale, regretting his inability to attend the
Meeting.
Mr. Wilmot Houton, in moving the first Resolu-
tion (that the Report be printed and circul ted). dwelt
on the benefits arising from the exertions of the t ociety,
which, he said, notwithstanding their name, was mote
directed to the police Of the system than I) the soppee..
siun of mendacity, which never could be suppressed until
souse employment was afforded to the unemployed poor.
He alluded to some of the points m ntioned in the Re-
port, particularly the decrease of It ish mendicants in this
country for the last year, which arose solely trom the
temporary cheapness of provisions in Ireland, and which
could not be considered as a permanent reiief. The
several re, oils of the Society, he considered, contained
more useful information with regard to the subject of
mendicity than any thing which had appeared, and, as
it would be cure.. ely useful that Parliament should
have an opportunity tif acquiring that intro mation, he
should be very happy to be the instrument of laying
these reports before the House of Commons.
Captain Baastros, R.N. seconded the motion, which
was put and Castled unanimously.
The Hum E. Corr moved the second Resolution, and
in a brief speech implored the Meeting not to relax in
their ex tins in behalf of the Society.
EDWARD Pattauttrt, Esq. in seconding it, observed
that he had, for several years, devoted his attention to
the bu.iness of the &clay, and he was more and more
convinced of its usrtultress. It inquired it to the wants
of the poor. and ascertained the merits of the cases pre.
.seated to them for rebel. The system of indiscriminate
alms-giving was extremely reprehen.ible, and he trusted
the public would shortly he convinced of the mischief
attending it.
Col. Buouourow, in an able speech, advocated the
aaaso of the Society.
Tho Hon. C. J. Saone observed, that housekeepers in
gooey past of the metropolis were fully convinced of the
.advantages derived from the institution.
Several other gentlemen then addressed the meeting,
after which were voted to the Chairman, who
acknowledged the compliment in a suitable speech.
The meeting then adjourned.

Or

!-""
^`

1P _

•

ft.

EVENING

SHAM
Brazilian 3S
Ditto National 45
Alliance British and Foreign 100
Protretnr Fire 40
Provincial Bank of Ireland 100


LONDON.
TUESDAY. APRIL 28. 1829. •
PRICK 01. STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCKs
Bans Stock 210 11 93 10} India /3onds 56 - -
3 per Cent.lied. WI 63 3 South Sea Stock
5p et Ct. Cons. 673 3e p 3 - Old Annuities 661
54 per,Ceut. 1k111.1153 6 41000 glebe+ Hills 59 OS- -
, 33perCent fled. 963 } 53 616 1100 Ditto 59 60
4 per Ct. New, 103 21 /1106 and 2200 Dltto 59-61
4 per Cent. 1826, 1051 Commercial
Long Ann. 191 India for Acct. 150
India Stock 2293 503 Consols for Acet 871 3
F 01110614 17IINDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brasillan lids. S p Ct. 551 I Dudek lids. 5 pCt. 6113
Do Acta 533 e Porte*. 8d5.5pC.431 451,
8.1.-nos Ayres lids.6p C. Do Acct. 433
Do. Acct. 233 Russ. Ms. 181114 p Ct.
• C I
Colombian 11414.6 per*. Do Acct. 963

Daßoods.l Ma, i a I
. BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARKS, TWO OVUM!.

PAID.
20 JO TS TO
6 le
10 ' 21 ex My.
2 i2l seed—,et Ss
25

By the Turkish Mail, which arrived in town this'
morning, the following communications relative to Abel
state and operations of the Rutsian fleet, bate been re-

•
cersed at Lloyd's Coffee-house :
EXTRACT OR A LITTER !ROM THZ AOENTS TO LLOYD'S
AT SMYRNA. DATED 18TH MARCH.

" It Is stated that the Russian Admiral (Hayden) has issued an
Intimation that he will allow no frgyptlan armed vessels to put to
tea. to prevent their carrying troops or supplies to Caudle, and that
be detains an Egyptian corvette and transport, already captured;
but it does not appear that he intends interfering with the usual
trade front that sultrier In grain not destined for Candla, or Inside
the Dsrdttielld."
SETHACT EMMA TIII.AOENT TO LLOYD'S, DATED CON•
iTAiITiNoPLZ, MARCIE 26.
" The Turkish fleet, after'being tompietely refitted in the on
steal, has removed op to 13uyskdere. it consists of six sail of t►e

line. a frigate, and, several tartrates' and brigs, and the greatest
ezertion is using to complete their full complement of men. Se-
veral small ships of war and fire shipi,Mhich bad been at the Dar-
' dandles. have arrived from thence. andsere refitting.
The latest arrivals from below report to hay* bees 'Wetly
esandlid by the Russian squadron."

The Paris Papers of Saturday reached us last night.
The Moniteus contains the Ordinance appointing the
Mike Da LAVAL MONTMORENCY to be Minister for.
Foreign Affairs. This appointment bas called forth a

long article in the Jomnial des Debate. on the present
embarrassed situation of the Ministry, and the proba-
bility that the Duke, who is now at Vienna, will not
accept the post assigned to him.
The ;vices of the Viands scarcely varied on Saturday.,
thu Five per Cents. being 1071.80 e. and the Three per
Cents. 791.40 c.

• Hamburgh Papers to the Was inst. were receive.,
yesterday Afternoon by the steam beat. They contain
inselligeoce from St. Petersburgh to the 11th inst. bat
walling very important had taken place. The prepare-
tinos tot the cimpaign were going on upon the most
extensive scale. 'Dm Exchange was at 10 9-16.
Tile.e Papers also contain intelligence from Constan-
tinopl: to the 26th March. The aearcitrot bread had
become alarming. but the determination of the SULTAN
remiined unshaken. He hid applied to the Ulemas for
a loan. The fleet was at anchor off Bujukdete. and
was immediately to sail, but whether for the Stock Sea
or die Archipelago was uncertain. It consisted of 12
fire shins and a corvette.—The prices of wheat at Ham-
burgh bad advanced.

This morning- another supply of German Papers
arrived, from which the following is our only extract :

• CONSTANTINOPLE, Masco 26.
• * The news which at the departtire of the last post was spread
here. in the form of authentic reports, of several landings effected by
the Aeulan fleet in the Black Sea, on the mist of Rumeha, are
sew confirmed by information received by the Porte, from which
it appears that not only blesembria and Shish*ll, but other places
• situated more to the South have been ravaged, and the batteries
•as well as all the means of defence and vessels destroyed. How
time enterprises could be executed an near to the bead quarters at
Aides, and without more active opposition on the part of the
• Turks, would be difficult to conceive, if it were not explained
by the well-known carelessness of the Turks, and by the en-
tire want of Turkish ships le the slack Sea. Sipes then the ar-
maments in the arsenal haw been pushed *Ward with intleOnewl
activity ; and on the 9.34 the fleet, consisting of four 'his of the
hue, two frigates, three corvettes, thin brigs, and eighteen fire-
shipe and gun-boats, really sailed towards the mouth of the Busphe. '
rus; but, considering the want of good seamen and experienced
officers, it .will hardly venture to proceed into the Black Sea to
meet the Russian fleet. especially as the hope of being joined by
• she Egyptian fleet is nearly vanished.
According to the last reports received by the Porte from
&bone% the new Grand Vizier, liedschid Pacha, who is en
the way from, Albania to the Balkan. with a considerable force,
bad not yet arrived. Serious operations, which besides have
been greatly impeded by rigour of the season, and the bad con-
dition of the roads, are not likely to take place till Redschid
Pacha shalt have assumed the chief command of the army, when a
proper direction will be given to the numerous forces ordered into
the held. Meantime, the speedy ,engender of Tournoul without
any defence, and the des:ructlon of the flotilla at Nicopolis, have
made a very unfavourable impression, which has been heightened
by the conduct of Ahmed Mal Aga, who went to Bucks.
rest, and placed' himself under the proceed" of the Russians,„
to avoid the fate of two Officers, who were beheaded by order
of Temper& Ogles, immediately es their return to Nicispolis.—
It is new supposed that the Kussissis will very soon begin the
siege et Chiariteo ; but it is expected that the Governor Kota-
chut Ahmed, who has hitherto conducted himself as a brave
Commander, will make a vigorous defence. The tranquillity usual
during the Rained= prevails 1. the capital; but exprewiens of
*Kane* are frequently beard. and this illscooteet is Mean& by
she wareity and dearness of previsions among the poorer 'Welk
end W tbi new and great Worms in dregs and costonwomeng the'
higher classes and 'be Menus.
The new brawn* tor the ales! annum of the bigbest: and
the superior military and Well Aare e the empire, m well se
of the Cisme% has jest beers primed-tad published..
•
Oa the 41st h» (*UAW*, liaimpier)0•110111e conmosit
of tisk* the die* et the Prophet (fliaborztVbilit is moseyed
is the Seraglio. task plies fits iseggehe td the*
"gasieddi, and at the menden node a &pekes to the peltselpel
members of it.. in whisk be explained the.object eat Mir snap.
teary regiiiatians—emeaviy, the sheet eee et Ilintery...4lenetiedull
titan of mime sinsplicity—and the diming* of she , t.
eel pro tit Mir* Na *bide .11141 thole* IhteiwOo thalami
*eel' sesenleglep in dress, bil.auelded efausinsey. midi 'detail...,
gauge klingebighee dhe other hard, they were vit.

.3 AI ..4.

Ads, led Africa, and that the present critical circumstances, and
Ike seism of war, mad* it the &sty of every Musseisma to Wale
dieteteperaom, aigtplleitr, iind sekierskil Of their anovitilm.
Tie further Warms for the chimer, artisans, &c. as well as foe
thouditary, will be seeessuivelly published. It is reported they
will 'stead to the feint& an ; but it is thought the worms will
not be peobibited from wearing East India shawls sod Raisanhiry
which are forbiddes to the meo.
Amongst the various reports which have been for some time is
circuladon,ooe deserves to be meotiused. via. that the &Atm, con-
trary to the custom of his ancestors, intends to wear a crown of
'gold and precious stones, and.will appear with it in public faith,
hat time in the festival of the pairam.
irseuma, Aran 18....lilmadiguee, lei. Bank Shares, 1,105.--
Apses* leittsseg. dprit 11.

BY THE MISCH MAIL THIS MORNING.

A Journal states to-day, that the Minister of Commerce has
appointed a Consmiasioci, charged to make a report on the Industry
and Matiefaciory of England. Amongst the Members of this.
Osamnielion, is M. Andell, who will receive 40.000 franca to defray
his expenses to England ; and it is added, that be to purchase to
the amount of 30,000 francs in varioussarticles for samples, to be
consmed to France. This appears very extraordinary alter
Moltessear having been refused to bring into France a saddle as a
pattern, even engaging to export it again in three months.
The Jean Ban has arrived in'the Roads of Brest from Brasil;
and the Caroline, In which Rear Admiral 'Gavel as hoisted his
flag, will proceed to the

MADRID, Aran 11.
The Sessions of the Cortez of Navarre finished on the. 28th of
MsFeb, after having voted the subsidy which that Province is to
'furnish to the Government. The King has appointed a Com-
mission, charged with powers to examine the provinces of Murcia
and Va&aria, and to male a report of the damage caused by the
late phenomena, to give their opinion, and the means to he em-
ployed to rebuild the villages which have been destroyed. The
greatest tranquillity prevails in the conotry. • .

. .

CITY. o'Ccock.
• Consols opened this morning at 171 for the Account ; since
which they hawk receded to en 4, and the market appears very
heavy : this is said to be caused by some new financial measure
ahem to be adopted by Ministers.
In the Foreign market nothing is doing at present.
CITY. HALF-PAST ONR O'CLOCK.

The Cansol market still remains heavy, and Consols have been
done at 57e for the Account ; since which a alight re-action has
taken place. and at present they may be quoted at 87$ a buyers.
A great deal of money stock has come to market this:nuarning.
The general opinion of the Revenue having fallen off this quarter
to a very considerable amount, has greatly operated on the market
and kfluisten, to make up the deficiency in the approaching budget
it is thought will have recourse to funding F.:chequer Bills.
We have no Continental news, at present, of any description.
In the Foreign Market Brad, Danish, and Russian &entities,
are not sorted as yesterday.

L.
