. .
•
ril opponent ? ask youwheiher it wbutd tbe more
becoming
to hear thisGeutleman without interruption,
subject, of course, to whatever animadVersions he may
21terwards receive from those sho may follow him."
Major D'Auirast then concluded reading his resolu-
tions, and expressed the regret he felt at detaining the
rotting while he obtruded himself upon their attention.
fle a•stired them he was too conscious of his own in-
feriority to dispute pertinaciously the opinions of other
men, who might think they had better information on
the subject.—The following are the Resolutions :--
"1. It is the opinion of this Meeting that rational and defined
Lberry is a blessing to Which the whole race of mankind have an
original title.
That in accordance with this principle, and being fully
aware that a state of slavery is incompatible with those moral ties,
those social feelings of gratitude Which in free countries bind the
servant to the master, this Meeting anxiously looks forward to that
desirable period when the Black population of the West Indian
Colonies shall be deemed by the Legisiatire of the mother country
to header advanced in moral attainments as to be worthy of being
admitted to the condition of free labourers, and capable of properly
appreciating the blessings of national freedom.
'I Fearlessly as this Meeting proclaims to the world the feelings
by which they are actuated in common with their fellow-men ;
anxious as they ever will be to give those feelings effect by a cordial
cooperation with the British Parliament; they still feel it a duty
incumbent upon them to declare, that all unworthy or base appeals
to the passions of the yet uneducated Negroes can only retard, in-
stead of promoting the beneficent views of the Legislature, and that
it is necessary that the Negroes should be taught ' How very short-
teed is that liberty which comes hurried along by the hurt icanes of
commotion, and which enthrones itself upon moral ruin.'
"4 4. That it Is the opinion of this Meeting that the owners and
occopiers of the soil of the B. Mob West ludiau Colonies are as
'such entitled to legislative protection as the owners and occupiers
of the soil of Great Britain.
* 5. That this Meeting relies upon the justice of Parliament,
mains that in every measure which may hereafter be brought for-
ward in furtherance of ultimate, emancipation, a due regard will he
bad to vested and acknowledged rights, and a conviction of the jus-
tice, and of the necessity of equitable indemnification."
The CHAlRafatie—," Is this amendment seconded?—.
If is, I shall, in the discharge of my duty, put it to
the meeting ; if not, the same duty forbids nie to put it."
There being no seconder, the amendment was not put.
Mr. TAYLOR thought the question of Negro Emanci-
pation, alluded tis by the mover of the amendment, did
not regularly come within the business of the day. He
thought all those details ought to be considered in the
first Instance by the Colonial Legislature.
Mr. CAMPBELL regretted the interruption which the
mover of the amendment had received ; and with re-
spect to his allusion to the final extinction of coercive
labour among the negroes, he could assure him, that
slavery had of late years become stripped of its terrors,
and was passing gradually away towards its conclusion,
laeo, he was sorry to s‘ty, the intemperate friends of
abolitinu, 1;..d, by their unwise and impolitic conduct,
arrested itL progress. He gave his cordial support to the
petition, and thanked the Gentlemen who drew it up.
Mr. JOHN FULLER (who had been very violent in his
interruption of Major D'Albiac, near whom he stood)
said, that they had a pretty good example of what was
called " face labour" in St. Domingo, where the 13Iacks
lidd it famously, for they could only grow coffee and

sugar enough for their own consumption : a pretty thing
that would be for the owners of British property in the
West India Colonies. He hoped the King would at
once ameliorate their interests by issuing a Proclama-
tion, stating that it was not intended by the Legislature
to manumit the slaves.
The question upon the Petition was then put, and
carried with one dissentient.

Mr. MANNING entirely concurred in the object of the
Petition, in the awful crisis of West India atfairs, and
moved that the Petition be presented to his Majesty by
the Chairman, accompanied by such Members of both
Houses of Parliament as wished to attend on the occa-
sun; and by the agents of the West India Colonitls.
Some conversation arose upon this mode of present.
ing the Petition, as tending to delay, if a Levee were
not speedily held; and it was ultimately agreed, that the
mode of presentation should be left to the Chairman.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, and the Meet-
ing dispersed.
