STOCKHOLM, JANUARY 2.

A notice has been put up at the Exchange, posi-
tively contradicting the report of a breach with the
Dey of Algiers ; the dispatches from the Swedish
Consul, of the 15th of October, giving an account
of the sailing of the squadron, mentioned at the
same time, the friendly dispositions of Algiers to-
wards Sweden.

The Paris Papers erMonday arrived this morning,
but bring no intelligence of the least importance-
Count JuLas DR POLIGNAC, who, like the Duke de
Frtz-JAstos, was deprived of an opportunity of ex-
pressing his sentiments in the Chamber of Peers, on
the Law respecting the Journals, has also printed and
circulated the substance of the speech he meant to
Wife delivered; Whether he has -hem visited with
any such mark of AQinirterial displeasure as has been
inflicted MS die Duke -de Frra-Jamas, for a similar
iise of siOute, doesincijet appear.

S~

Yeategagy -at tyitreleloCk, a ealrttitt Council was
bela-av tbleArtee;kl"424i.--PtirP6se ci.arranig-
tog the-Ess 'ibpeeeit,lo be lubmittod• to
hiruia Coma, lei* Mitered arthe opening of the
Session:AO Antiaileittr TheCibinet 'sat till about
'half-pastifetre., • - •
The .Pruttqa Anoint; -is erpected to hold a Privy
Council. on:Ssiurday; to prick the Sheriffs for the
present. year:-
The lain illtelDENT gives the Sheriffs a dinner
tomorrow.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East India House, when the following Commanders
wok leave of the Court previous to departing for
their respective destinations, viz.—Captain M. HA-
mtt.robr, Dunk; and Captain H. A. DRUMMOND,
Castle Hatay, for Bengal and China ; Captain W.
CAMPBELL, London, and Captain E. BALsroN, Prin-
cess Amelia, for Madras and China. The ship Per-
severance, of 1200 tons, was taken up for one voyage
in the Company_s service.
EMPIRE OF Ham.—(From the French Paper:.)
CHRiSTOPHE still continues to inspire such terror
at St. Domingo, that numbers of his subjects have
quitted his States, and prefer to live in slavery among
the Spaniards, who have submitted to the King, or
pass over to the Insurgents and the Americans. A
mulatto, who had just escaped from the Cape, infor-
med an inhabitant of Martinique, who has transmit-
ted the informatiOn to us, of several traits of cruelty
in the character of CHRISTOPER, which are of recent
date :—A Captain of the United States, charged
with merchandise, had entered the Cape during the
night. There remained near the arsenal 28 sacks of
coffee, which the offir of the - would
