endangering the safety of the tountrr. This was it SPAIN AND PORTUGAL.
free and hippy nation, and few things more Strongly . . -
excited his indignation than to see those who profited The Attazost frigate has arrived at Plymouth from
by that, freedom, and enjoyed that happiness, speak- Vigo. Though the accounts brought Iy this vessel
ing as if they were groaning under the yoke of abject i are
not
more recent than those We bee already re-
slavery--.(Hear, hear, hear ! ) This he was bound to
ceived, some of the communications from our coun-
say, feeling as he did the utmost gratitude to Pant -
DENCE for having been born in such a country. i trymen resident in Spain are interesting: The fol•
Sir T. TURTON explained. He was far front. lowing letter will be found to be of this desttiption
wishing that the country should be left in an unpsetiil,you must " SEVILLE., APRIL 2.
pared state ; he objected only to the extent of tee
. our : I have been much disappointed in my eipettations
preparation, which, in his opinion, was far greater : ' .• •
the resistance of Spain to the French arms, but
than the necessity:
'
Mr. H. BROWNE coincided in.opinion with his not, therefore, conclude that there is no en-
Honourable Friend near him (Mr. Wilberforce). 1 thusiasm amongst the people. The glorious manner
Mr. W INDHAM thought that the observations of ; in which they rose sufficiently proves the spirit of the
lower classes ; but the business' has been abominably
the Hon. Gentleman were called for by the speech
of the Hon. Baronet, although he was convinced .
......
mismanaged, both by the English and Spaniards—
that the intentions of the Hon. Baronet were perfectly.,
good. He then entered into a discussion of the merits many months were lost in bowing and scraping.
of the Bill before the House, repeating his former ar- The Supreme Junta, a strange body representing
gunients on the subject. He entered at great length j both the King and People, and who have been liken-
into a detailed view of the measure, and condemned ed, on account of their number, to" the Thirty Ty-
it in every point. .
rants," have been employed, since they have been
Lord CA STLEREAGH defended his system also
here, in military preparations ; and they have made
at considerable length, and combated the objections
adduced against it by the last speaker. use of the resources of the country very actively.—
After an explanation from Sir T.Tuffrox, and some The two armies of Cuesta and Carta-ajal are said to
observations from Mr. P. MOORE against the Bill, tom' be oe better appointed than any Spanish armies have hi-
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in an able reply tb !
therto been since the Revolution. But the Junta have
what fell from him, and some remarks from Mr. MAIM
• TIN and Mr. HUSKISSON, the House divided—For d. done tic thing to conciliate the confidence of the people.
third reading 57—Against it B—Majority 49. i I believe their only act of Legislation has been against
Strangers were not re-admitted. We understand the liberty of the press. It is true there are no print-
that the Bill was passed, and some amendment
brought up by Lord Castlereagh, by way of rider I .
Ing-presses here, but were every man allowed to print
tg it. I his opinions, printing-presses would not long be want-
We also understand that the Sale of Offices' Bill ing. The eagerness With which the common people
was recommitted, and an additional clause proposed buy the dull Government Gazettes shews that a spe-
by the Chancellor of the Exc equer. The report culation of this sort would answer. Some of the most
was ordered to be received ; but we could not dis-
sensible and enthusiastic Spaniards talk of putting off
cover on what day.
the establishment of their liberty till they have secur-
The other Orders being disposed cf, the House
adjourned at half-past ten o'clock. ed their independence ! And yet I have not seen the
NAMES OF THE MINORITY. • man who would not be indignant at the idea of sub-
Mr. Eden Mr. Sirnmonds
Mr. O'Hara Sir Thomas Turton milting to the absolute government of Ferdinand VII.
Mr. Windham Mr. Giles What fully and contradiction ! Yet these are the men
Mr. Elliot H. Martin? Tellers.
Mr. Whitbread P. Moore who have the most enlightened ideas, the most gene.
Mr. A. Piggott' Mr. Homer, Mr. Abercrombie' and Mr. Cal- rous hearts, the most enthusiastic patriotism ! They
craft, would have divided, but were accidentally absent.
LIST OF THE MINORITY seem to be unfit for a revolution—afraid of attempt-
W It° A OTED FOR MR. ORD'S MOTION. ing new measures, and suspicious of each other. It
Abercromby, lin. J. Horner, F. Ponsonby, Rt. Hon.
Adams, C. Howard, H. George .
is not to be wondered that they are afraid of the
Althorp, Visc. Hussey, Wm. Power, R. intentions of England, when they have a total want
a oak, W. L. Johnes, 'l'. Prittie, Hon. F. A.
of concert and strange dislikes amongst themselves.
Astloy, Sir J. H. Knapp, G. Pym, F.
Barham, J. F. Lambe, Hon. W. Romilly, Sir S. They think any private consultation for the good of
Baring, T. Lambton, It. J. Saville, A:
Baring, A. Leach, John Sharpe, R. the country is caballing, and their Generals always
Bernard, Scrope Leycester, H. Shipley, W. contrive to quarrel. Many wish for a national repre_
Biddulph, R. M. Lloyd, Sir E. Smith, S.
Bouvetie, Hon. G. Lloyd, J. M. Smith, G. sentation, but they do not understand details, and 1
Brogden, J. Lyttleton, Hon. W. Stanley, Lord
-believe ,the majority of the Junta are well contented
Carew, Rt. Hen. P. M`Donald, James Sr. Aubyn, St. John.
Cavendish, Wm. I'e/fanning,
H.
Symonds, I'. P. with the power they have got. They have a coro•
Cocks, J. Martin, Talbot, R. W. mittee of public security who, I believe, would repress
Colburne, N. W.R. Maule, Hon. W. Taylor, C.
Coombe, H. C. ' 1 Maxwell, W. I Tay7os, 'M. A. 'Abe excesses of liberty. They strangled a spy in prt-
Cooke, Bryan I Milton, Lord j Tierney, Right Hon. son during the other night, and exposed his body af-
Creevey, Thomas Moore, Peter George
Cuthbert, J. Mosley, Sir Osw. Vernon, G. V.
terwards to the people. In consequence of their anti-
Ferguson, G..neral Mostyn, Sir 'rhos. Walpole, Hon. G. revolutionary mode of acting, disturbances and riots
Fitzpatrick, Right I Newport, Rt. Hon. ( Western, C. C.
Hon. R. I Sir J. I Wharton, J. have broken out at different times in several towns
Foikstone, Vise. O'Hara, C. Whitbread, S. directed against the French pi isoners, which have
(srattan,-Itt. Hn. H. Ossulston, Lord , Wynne, C. W.
Hatay, Joseph Parnell, H. TELLIRC. proceeded from the shabby conduct of nobles and
Hamilton, Lord A. Pelham, Hes. C. Ord, Wm. I magistrates. The Duke i.l' , a man of excel-
Herbert, H. Petty, Lord H. Calcraft, John
-- ' lent principles and intentions, has behaved very fool-
ishly. Many of the Bishops have gone astray. I be-
lieve there is even now much jobbing. The Monks
remain firm, and I was glad to see many of them
working at the fortifications. All the towns are for-
tifying themselves, hut if they do it in the manner
that has been adopted here, 30,000 men will be re-
quired to defend every town. Launan, with 10,0(0
Arragonese, is near Lerida. Reding, after a sight
defeat, retired to Taragona. It is said that the com-
munication of the French in Galicia is cut off.—
Carta-ajal ' has 34,000 men near Manzanares and
Valdapannas, in La Mancha s and Cuesta must have
above 20,000. Of these, I believe, more than 6000
are cavalry. Cuesta is near the bridge of Arzobispo.
Sir Robert Wilson, by skirmishes, &c. has done won-
ders at Ciudad Roderigo. The French Commander
at Salamanca wrote in a fright for reinforcements,
lest his 4000 men should be attacked by 600 ragged
Portuguese, But there are now there four or 5000
Spaniards. There are besides 20 or 30,000 Men with•
out arms in the two armies. The arms have either
arrived or are within a few hours sail of Cadiz. With
revolutionary measures and an Austrian war, I should
feel confident for Spain."
Extract of a Letter from an Officer on the Staff in '
Portugal, dated at Loires, April 8, 1809 :
" We march to morrow to Leyriz, on the road to Caimbra,
on which route Marshal Soult is advancing, having taken Oporto.
We were reinforced by General Hill's division yesterday, viz.
7th, 30th, 48th, 66th, 53d, and 83d regiments, about 4800 men,
and we can now bring into the field 800 cavalry, and 19,800 in-
fantry, including artillery. The 16th light, and ad and 4th heavy
dragoons, with 12,000 infantry, under Sir Arthur Wellesley, we
hear, are embarked for this Country ; if so, we car. keep Portu-
gal ; if not, we must embark.—General Victor is advancing upon
Lisbon, on the south side of the Tagus, with from 30 and 40,000
men, and we, of course, shall be between two armies, if Souk
dare advance. We hear he has 18,000 men. Victor is at Elvas,
aholtt 26 leagues, or 104 miles, so that we must either fight or
embark before the 24th of this month. We bear that the Aa-
strians have beat the French in Bavaria ; if so, I think the French
troops will evacuate Spain for the present."

Mr. ACKERMANN feels himself undei the necessity
of apologizing to the Public for the disappointment
occasioned last week by the want of the first Number
of his REPOSITORY of ARTS, SCIENCES, MANUFAC-
TURES, and FASHIONS, in consequence of the unpre-
cedented and increasing demand for that popular and
fashionable work. Two large editions art already
exhausted, and a third will be ready for delivery to-
morrow the. 4th of May.—N. B. Number 5, just
published.
