LONDON.

..y_I~KJ Ir""~`
.....`ar~~r -~

FRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 1824.


THE FUNDS.
STOCK EXCHANGE. TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols opened this morning at 87k, I, for the Account, and
soon after rose to I, 4, which was owing to au Express from Paris;
bringing the French'Rentes at WI: B.lc. edo not hear of any
news of importance from that Capital.
FOREIGN FUNDS.

Spanish Bonds opened at 251, I, and went up to 1, 26, at which
price they remain steady, owing to many persons still believing that
the Old Spanish Loan wiU be recognised.
The chief business doing in the above Market Isla the New Aus-
trian Loan and Russian Bonds, which retain their prices. - In all
other Foreign Securities there is very little doing.
Current Prices :--New Spanish 17i to 1, Old 251 to 26, New•
Austrian 41 to 5, Russian 881 1, Colombian 59 to 1, Chill= 701
to 71, New Prussian 891 ex. div. Old 91.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 232 1/2-3 per Cent.ltedu. 865/8 87 86%
31/2 per Ct5.•99%-4 per Cents. Old 1011/2 101
• Bank Long Ann... 21 1.516 211—India Bonds 811.845.
Exchequer Bill. 525. 535. 51s.
COMO' WI Acct. 873/8 %•

We have received the different Paris Journals of
: tWednesday, with some of those of yesterday morning.
They are chiefly filled with the report of the trial, by a
Court7martial, of a soldier named Simon, who, it will
. be recollected, was accused of having shot a young
man named Honein, for having attempted to scale the
' wall of the Tuileries Gardens; on the 2d of December,
the day of the Duke of A NGOULEME% triumphant entry
after his return from Spain to Paris. The Court-Martial
was composed of a Colonel, who acted as President, a
Chief of Battalion, two Captains, a Lieutenant, Subs
Lieutenant, and a Serjeant• Major.
The soldier admitted the fact of shooting the man, bat
appealed for his justification to the strictness of his or-
ders, which were on no account to let any person scale
the wall, and also to the provocation he received from
the young man, v.ho, though frequently entreated to
desist, and even threateded if he should persist, only
insulted him, and being encouraged by the populace,
called him by some opprobrious names, one of which
was a mechant conscrit, which so -fired the anger of the
soldier, thathe could no longer subdue his passion, and
shot the young man.

It was not however stated by any witness that Ho-
nein had actually attempted to mount the wall, and
the highest provocation given seemed to have been the

language used by him on the occasion. His father,
however, was evidently unwilling, after receiving the
Kract's bounty (a paltry £4O a year), to press the trial
to conviction, and only instructed his Counsel to
clear the memory of his son from the charge of-having
been a rioter. The President of the Court,. on the
other hand, took care to stop every witness who en-
tered into any details unfavourable to the accused ;
and the Counsel for the defence declared, that if
Simon should be condemned, " fear and discourage-
ment would be spread throughout the army." It is
not astonishing, therefore, that he should have been
• acquitted, and that justice should have been sacrificed
to authority on the one side and to gratitude or inte-
- test on the other. Of the feelings excited by HONEIN'S
death some idea will be Tor med by the following bold
declaration of one of the witnesses, Mr. DaLoaux,
a corporal in the National Guard, who was on the
• spot at the time I beard a shot, and saw a
young man fall. I then saw 'the sentinel shoulder
his musket and coolly walk backwards and forwards,
after having committed the murder. The indignation
was so great that the people talked of cutting him to
pieces, and had and musket been loaded, lam not sure
that I should not have shot him." The existence of such
a spirit between individuals of the National and Royal
Guard is a serious thing for the French Government.
• • A letter is quoted in the Moniteur, as having been
feeeiyed from Madrid, which, appearing as it doer, in
•Os Ada' Otgan of the French Government, must be
-••
allowed mbe important. We have little doubt that it
isintended to prepare the way for the actual announce-
ment of the two events hinted at, namely, the abandon-
intent of the Expedition fur *the recovery of South Ame-
iica, and the recognition of the Loaps of the Cortese--;
The letter is dated Madrid, 18th Dec. and in these terms;
The Government being obliged to give its whole
a-
ittleption•to.the affairs of the Peninsula, seems to relai
frtitYpr,eparations against tile ladependents of the Co.,
tOraS• Sow; persons pretend that some answers from
foreign Cabiestisiere efected, he' ore our operations be-
yond she OPeOn ilre.CWlCCrted. There is a report that the
loafis of tb* €4311t1) %OP. be rest* nisea; with some minds
ficr;tioas.j. iiisaicognition r 6 •ticrenied indispensable col
astern sin bcfr ertslßt." '

Lettershave been received item Madrid, to tbe lid.
• ,t
insti They contain a frightful picture, pf the -wretched-
nesseAnti.4isorders of that capital, and :flake kingdom
in getieraL The oalY persons WhoJ 'seem to enjoy the
least searity, or who testify the least satisfaction at the-

late changes, are the Kum, the Monks, the Smugglers,
and Gipsies. Thelatter classes, joined to the immense
number of persons dismissed from the ranks of the
army, or deprived of their civil employments by the
administration of SAIZ, commit the „greatest disorders,
and render all comtminication between one part of
the kingdom and another either entirely impossible
or extremely dangerous without an imposing escort
The Commander of the French Army of Occupation:
General BocrastouT, is exerting himself to put an end to
some of the disorders which the invasion has occasioned,
but as yet has met with little success. His orders are
to disregard entirely the wishes or prejudices of the
Spanish Court, when in opposition to the security of his
troops. He is, in fact, the Sovereign of Spain at
this moment.

A Meeting of the West India Merchants is about
to take place, for the put pose of taking into consi'
deration the present alarming state of the Colonies'
and to petition the Legislature for relief. We trust
that these Gentlemen will cautiously abstain from
any topics which may tend to irritate rather thin to
allay the discordant passions now afloat. Living,
as they do, amidst the enlightened society of Eu-
rope, they cannot but feel that slavery is a state
abhorrent to the genius of our free Constitution, and
though it's sudden abolition will doubtless be attended
with infinite evil, yet reason, humanity, justice, and even
the well understood interests of the masters themselves
command it's gradual extinction. Why is the state of,
the Colonies alarming ? It is because both panics may
easily be driven to extremities: the slaves may be in-
cited to insurrection against their masters—the masters
May be hurried into rebellion against their Sovereign—
unless the voice of reason be addressed to both, in the
accents of authority.
This office the meeting of West India Merchants may
effectually perform. They may state to Government
the hardships under which the planters labour; and
they may represent to the !shutters how much those
hardships must necessarily be increased by an unjuit
opposition to the.measures of improvement which the
Government has suggested. If such sentiments of con-
siderate humanity prevail at the intended. meeting, it
may be converted into a source of great public benefit :
if not, we fear it will only be throwing coil on a flame,
which, alas ! already barns but too fiercely.

WINDSOR, DEC. 31.—Monday her Royal Highness
the Princess Auartrra and suite left Frogmore, on a visit to the
Duke and Duchess of Guaticarrse, at Bagshot Park.
The grand fetes at the Royal Palace at Brighton will
be more numerous than ever during the present season, on account
of there having been none last year. The Ktua enjoys excellent
health, and the Pavilion, in consequence of it, has rarely bien so
gay. Brighton never was so full of high company as at *sent.
MmHg' has visited all our English TheatM•in the
short time he has been in this country, and has declared himself so
much an admirer of the singing of Miss M. Tau; that he has in-
duced the Management of the Italian Opera to offer this young
Lady very liberal teams, ha case she can compromise with the Com-
mittee of Covent-garden Theatre to indulge her with permission to
accept the offer. The performance that struck this great master
was that of Clari.

Yesterday morning, at four o'clock, the Duke of YORK
lefthis residence in Stable-yard, St. James's, on a visit to the Earl
of. WISTKORLAND, at his seat at Apthorpe, near Walmesford, North-
amptonshire, on a shooting excursion.
Viscount MELVILL& transacted business at the Fo-
reign Office yesterday.
Lord RAVENsWORTII and his highly accomplished
daughters are constant guests at the Pavilion at Brighton.
The Duke of Sussex, in his capacity of Gland Mas-
ter of England, issabout to receive another flattering but deserved
mark of respect from the Masonic Fraternity in this and the adjoin-
ing county. Hit bink-day is, we understand, to be celebrated by
a Grand Masonic Meeting, at which the ceremony of installing Sir
Marrusw Wilftt Rinser. But. as Provincial Grand Master for
Northumberland, will take place.—Mete castlt Paper.
The Earl et CA aust.e, whose health has been long
in a very precarious state, is better.
The Marchioness and the Ladies CORNWALLIS ar-
rived yesterday at the Duke of Bedford's, in St. James's-square,
from the Dowager Marchioness of Londonderry's seat, North Cray.
Earl GOWER has left town for his tattier's (the Mar
quis of Stafford) seat at Richmond.
The Marchioness of ExErsa has left town for her seat
at Rothampton.
The Earl and Countess of DARLINGTON arrived yes-
terday evening, at Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square, from their
seat, Newton House, Yorkshire; and Mr. and Airs. HODGS•N haste
left ditto, for Cheltenham.

Earl BURFORD left town yesterday for his father's (this
Duke of St. Albim's) seat, Gatton, Surrey.
Lord and Lady WILLIAM BUSSELL left town yestere
day for Woburn Abbey.
Hon. THOMAS GRENVILLE arrived in town yesterday'
from the Marquis of Stafford's seat, Richmond.
The Countess of Essex had a card party on Wednes.
day evening, at her house in HUI-street, Berkeky•square. •
The Earl of HARRINGTON entertained at dinner, yes-
terday, Lord Foley, Lord W. Lenny:, Mr. and Mrs. Trevor, Ham
Mr. and Mrs,Fitsroy Stanhope, &c. at his house In Stable-yard, St.
James's: in the evening her Ladyship bad an elegant circle of di,.
tioguished fashionable% including the Dowager Duchess of Rich.
mond and the Ladies Lennox.
Sir THOMAS and Lady FARQUHAR ha►e left town for
their seat at Roebamptoe.

Colonel attaysorcs arrived yesterday at Fenton's
Hotel, St. James's.sueet, from his seat in Surrey.
Lady M. BEAUCLERK, daughter of the Duke of St.
ALBAN'', who has beentndisp:ned, is much better.
• The Earl of LONSDA LE is considerably recovered from
the severity of the accident he met with the other day.
Mr. Secretary CANNING was so far recovered from his,
attack of the gout, as to Jae able to rraniact business at the Foreign '
Office yesterday.
The Duke and Duchess of NORTHUMBERLAND have,
according to annual custom, distributed a quantity of coats, cloak',
due. to a numbeiuf old and indigent men mind women of ,Unwick. •
Yesterday evening arrived at Vice-Admirait'Sir GEO.
Conaway's house in the Admiralty, the Dowager Lady Commix,
from her villa at Shepherd's Bush.
The whole of the building and 'scenery of Globe
Theaue, in which Slums.% az acted, is said actually not to have cost
more money than two scenes in Hark/sok gild .hying CAM, viz.
the Diorama and the Palace of a Hundred Gates.
Mr. ADAM, the acting Governor-G4neral of India;
has been obliged, in consequence of ill health, to male.
a voyage to Bombay.
Doz.—At five o'clock this morniog, an alarming Kte
broke out at the house of Mr. Ilucar.sV, Carlisle:taliti,
Lambeth, and totally destroyed the same, beitcf”-ai-
mAging considerably the adjoining Endhlsis.`

~iilii

BRIGHTON FESTIVITIES..
BRIGHIIYN, DECEMBRIL 31.
The oldest inhabit/int scarcely recollects to have seen
large a portion of _the fashionable world sojourning
It this favourite retreat of Royalty as are now collected
bore, on the occasion-of the Christmas festivities.—
Monday evening there was a very splendid assemblage
of the fashionable sojourners here at the Pavilion. The
pumber of the gay throng must have exceeded owe hun-
dred at least. There was a concert in the evening, at
which Rossini was introduced. He played and sung
several of his own compositions, much to the satisfac-
tion of his SlasEsry and delight of the company.—
There is very little difference in the habits of his MA-
JESTY here and during. his residence at Windsor. The
same love of quiet and retirement, the same disposal of
time, the same routine of occupations and amusements,
characterise his blausnes domestic arrangements as
heretofore.
- The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE, with the Conn-
less of ERRoL, honoured the Earl and Countess of CHI-
MUSTER to-day by visiting them at their seat,'in
mer Park. Their Royal Highnesses reached the Park
about half-past one o'clock, partook of a cold Collation,
and returned to the Pavilion soon after four eciock;
The Duke of CLAnvice, at an earlier hour, between*
nine and eleven o'clock in the morning, was frequently
numbered with the /sedestrians on the &eine. • -
JANUARY 1. • .

The gay appearance of... Brighton 'is somewhat dimk
nished this day by a drizzling rain, .which fell last
night, and by a high wind which continues to ex-
clude the visitors from the various places of fashion.
able resort. ROSSINI, the celebrated composer, has
been very favourably received at the Pavilion. Re
does not speak English,. but his singing is so delight-
fully expressive, that they who do not undelstand ItaHari
have scarcely reason to regret their ignorance. He hp
been twice at the Pavilion. On the first night he sung
and played ; on the last evening he played only, as thi
throng was very great, and his MAJESTY kindly abstained
from distressing him by any vocal exertion. Several very
splendid entertainments took place yesterday evening.
That of Mrs. PARKER, on the Marine Parade, was very
fully and fashionably attended. A cones; of very diver-
,ified musical entertainment was followed by quadrilles,
which were-kept up with greit spirit until three o'clock
this morning. Mrs. FITZIIERBERT was present for a short
period of the evening. The floor-of the hall-ronm was
very tastefully adorned. In gold. letters at the heal of
the rooni was the inscription (surrounded with flowers)!
in red and white chalk, Vive la daasei and at the hotfl
torn a similar device, with the inscription Tozfjours gas.
The principal entertainment of the season takes place
at the Pavilion this evening.

_ • :..
