THE LTV ENINO STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 10.
PRICE. OF STOCKS TUN DAY AT ONE tYCLOCK.
3 pm' Ct. Cons. for money 63i—Ditto Fir account 644.
3 per Ct. Reduced shut—Navy 5 per Cent. 15if
4 per Cent. abut—Bonds 15s. 16s. prem.—Omnium par, pre.
Each. Dills (3d.) I s. dis. to Is. pre.—Ditto (31d.) 4s. 30. prom

THE KING.

" WIND6nR CAsTLIt, 6RTT. 10.
" His Ma/terries symptoms remain the same as
yesterday. (Signed)

" M. BMWS. " 1.9% /111111RDEN. "1. WILLIS."
WINDSOR, Strrastililt 9.—The Kisoismalady con-
tinues nearly the same, exhibiting sometimes great
♦iolence, succeeded by considerable quiet and compo.
sure. Yesterday afternoon the DA,/ of Yoac left us
for London, as did the Duke of Casusoinur.. The
Duchess of Youtc for Oatlands, and the Duke of Cs.a•
RENCK for Bushy. The WREN and Family went to
Frogmore yesterday evening to tea. The QuELN,
Princesses Avow*, Euzaorrit, and MARY, tr)Ok an
airing this morning to Frogmore. Princess Sor►IJA
is a little better of her cold, but not well enough to
leave the Castle.

We have received Paris Papers to the 7th instant,
from which we have made some extracts, but they
convey no information of importance from the Penin-
sula. It is evident, however, that the French armies
stand in need of reinforcements, and that arrange•
ments are making for supplying them, a new army
of reserve having been formed in the north of Spain.
General Sebastiani arrived at Paris the latter end of
August ; but the object of his visit to the capital is
not mentioned. It has been for some time reported,
that a serious disagreement exists between him and
Marshal Victor.

Letters are said to have been received yesterday
from the French coast, stating that an official com.
munication had been published by the French Go-
vernment, declaring Dantzic to be entirely open to a
free trade and unrestricted commerce, with the ex-
ception of English merchandize ; that the Custom-
house duties were diminished one-third ; and that the
King of Prussia had it in cont!mplation to follow this
example in the reduction of duties in his ports.

The CADMUS, which atrived at Plymouth on Satur-
day, has brought a confirmation of the account in
the French Papers of two of our frigates, the
SESIIDANIIS and DIANA,. having appeared off hour-
deans, where they hoisted French colours; and hav-
ing answered the Commodore's private signals, he,
(thinking they were the two French frigates expected
to return from the Isle of *France), went off in his
barge to meet them, nor did he discover his mistake
till himself and boat's crew were made pris.mers.—
Our two frigates, having the French Commodore on
board, stood into the outer harbour unmolested, and
m thence cut out a gun-brig (formerly die Teaser
Eiiglish vessel), and four merchantmen, which they
brought out without sustaining any loss. They also
drove a corvette on shore.

The Catherine Augusta, an American brig from a
French port, with silks, wines, &c. was taken of Cor-
sica, by the Acasta frigate, and has been brought into
Portsmouth. The American ship Oliver Elsworth
has been detained, and sent into Deal.

No account of the surrender of Monte Video, on
which reliance may be placed, has yet been received,
but such information may be very soon expected, and
in the mean time we have been fav mred with some
oflicial particulars of the operations in the neighbour-
hood of the fortress, from which we have selected the
following :
" Most Excellent Sir—Having observed that the garrison daily
endeavoured, supported by the batteries and armed laur•.ches, to
plunder for wheat and provisions, the suburbs of Monte Video,
I •took measures to prevent it.

" On the 4th of June, at eight in the morning, the enemy, In
pursUance of such a design, pushed onward from the fortress in
two columns, to the ■umber of SOO men. The troops I had
planted in ambuscade continued for two hours in action with
them under a heavy fire of musketry, as well as from the bat-
te►ies and launches. The result was the complete triumph of
our troops, to whom this duty was assigned, many of the enemy
were killed and many more wounded.

" Another contest about the same time took place with the
forces under Captains Don Baltuzar Bargus, and Don baltuzar
Ggeda, winch was yet more destructive to the enemy.
" Goo preserve you, Ste. (Nib led)
" Head-quarter, Mopetete. " JOSE RONDEAU."
" To the Most Excellent President of the lent; &c.

The following is an extract of a letter from St.
Domingo, received by a ship arrived at L; verpool :

" AUX CATS, JULY I6.

liiS MAJESTY is expected, in a very short time, to
be removed from Windsor to the Queen's Palace, in
St. James's Park not only on account of the daily
and enormous expence of Statesmen at,d Couriers
passing to and from Windsor, but in order that Lis
MAJESTY, with the least possible inconvenience, may
be nearer his Physicians.

Yesterday, a few minutes before twelve o'clock, the
Panics Roomy!' set off from York House, St. James's
Palace„in his carriage and tour, accompanied by t!:e
Duke of CUMBERLAND, for the seat of Lord YAR.
MOUTH, at Sunbury Hall, near Woodbridge. On their
way they were to stop at the Earl of CUAT11.154%,
Colchester, and take some refreshment. The rlt oral
Highnesses are to be joined by the Dikes of Yoke
and Caaraeroor, on a shooting party l'he Royal
party, are to dine with the Earl of CIIATUAM On
Thursday.
Princess SOPHIA of GrAccrxrett arrived at Cowes
on Friday, on board Commissioner GREY'S yacht.
from Southampton, and landed under a salute of 21
gu..s. Colonel Daum( and Dr. WALSBY had the ho.
*sour of conducting her Highness from the bast to the
parade, where her Highness was received by all the
fashionable. in the vicini.y.
Mr. Peecavao left town yesterday morning foe
Northampton.
Lord Gwvnsa kft his seat at Grinnthorpe Castle,
Lincolnshire, a few days since on a visit to his ems
the Hon. DRUMMOND BURRELL, Drummond Callas,
Scotland, where he will remain a month.
The new inn lately erected in the town 6f Kenmore,
by the Marquis of I.a‘soow,r, and which cost his
Lordship nearly e2teat, WAS last week accidentally
consumed by fire, with the ball-room, and an adjoin.
inuilding.
Lord Pookraiatar has resigned his offire as one of
the Judges of the Second Division of the Court of
Session, in Scotland. and ROBERT Caelate, Esq. She.
riff of Dimities, is to be appointed in his mum. Sir
THOMAS KtiteraTaica, Bart, one of the Judges of the
Commissary Court, is appointed Sheriff of !Amities,
in the place of Mr. Camera. Mr. Buenas' Baum is
appointed Commissary in the room of Sir Twines
KIRKPATRIcK ; and Mr. GISSIPAIS ROSS is appoitstesl
Judge Advocate in the room cd Mr. Sams.
Joint Wit son Callen, Esq. Secretary to the Ad.
miralty, and Dr. Wm. accompanied by Captain
MENDs, the Commodore. visited the prison ships in
Porchester leak, on Friday last, and have retained to
London, after a minute inspection of the whole at the
naval and prison hospitals.
On account of the severe indisposition of Sir T.
PLoston, the Panics Reefer appointed Joni: L.s
Esq. Puisne Judge of the North Wales Circuit (pas
:e fore) in his stead, which commenced at Dolge.ly,
on Tuesday, the 13th ult. There were no causes ct
any public importance, and only one prisoner for trial,
who was found guilty of bigamy, and seeteaced to Ls
transported for seven years.
We mentioned yesterday a rumour of Saturday th ts
an Order of Council was to be issued, as retributory :o
America, for the prolongation of her Non-interc..,,,
:Kling us. We hinted also, that the silence or
Gasette of Saturday, on this point, seemed to istlic•te
that no measure of the kind wss yet res hied ,)n. IVc
now learn that, at present, Government has no inten-
tion to issue any such 01 der.
The occupiers of houses adjoining Wilton's Farm.
and the Jews' Harp-house, in Mary-la-bonne park,
have received notice to qu.t their premises on or before
the 9th of January next. The idea of building new
barracks for the Life Guards in that neighbourhood,
is abandoned fur the present ; and the grand plan of
continuing Portland-place in a line across °riot
street to Carlton-House is now in contemplation.—
According to this plan, Carlton-House will be ex-
tended to the end of the Haymarket, and the present
Mansion, noble as it is. will only form one wing of
the future edifice—the Opera-House is be insulated,
and a splendid Theatre erected in the neighbourhood
of St. James's Market.

" Affairs in this part of the world lwve not a very bright ap-
pearance. The 17th Regiment, quartered in this town, has re-
volted, and taken possession of the arsenals and attacked the Go-
vernment Howse ; but after a severe content, whirls lasted above
three hours, they were repulsed, with great loss on both sides.—
We hear this moment, that the people of the West have marched
against this department, and I believe there will he a battle fought
in two or three days near 'he bridge of Macquarie."

Two young men having quarrelled on Saturday
night respecting the science and courage of Crib and
Molineux, met to settle their Jitlerence on Sunday
Several vessels arrived at Hull last week from the morning,accompanied by a few select friends, in a field
Baltic.—One of them has brought a letter from St. at the back of the Jew's Harp. New Road, and fought
Petershurgh, dated the 30th July N. S. from which with the most stubborn courage for one hour and forty
the tollowing is an extract The Americans con- minutes, having exchanged 84 severe rounds. The
tinue to arrive direct ; and up to this date we have seconds were at length obliged to separate the corn.
one hundred and three real ones, with goods; so that batants, and the battle remained undecided.
our Custom-house quay exceeds every thing seen in A match has been made for a foot race, to be run
peace, by the groaning piles of cotton-wool, dye. for 100 guineas a side, two miles over Knavesmire,
woods, &c. Georgian cotton wool has been sold as between a Lancashire man and a person living near
low as 17 rou. per pond, but some orders coming in I Welborn, in the North riding of Yorkshire. The
from Moscow, it has risen to 22 rou. being still a loss Lancashire man is the favourite.
of 75 per cent. to the proprietors. Freight is °tiering I The public may expect a high fond of entertain.
so low as £B. Our course of exchange has had a ment from the forthcoming gs New Castertury Toles ;
rapid rise in 10 days: and last post reached e'en or, Glories of the Garrison." The Authors of Virgil
1511 for five minutes. This has been occasioned by and Homer Travestie, never burlesqued their heroes
the notification in The Court Gazette, from the Bank in better style than that in which the prese. in Satirist
Note Redemption Office, of the burning five millions has lashed the Exist lities of these would-be “ Glories."
of Bank notes; together with the scarcity of money , Toe COMET—That h.s stolen unexpectedly of
for American return cargoes. On the close of the late ou our astronomers, is now, as they term it, in
above day, however, the exchange grew flat at 15 ; its Perihelion. Some think it typical of that bright
and to-day began at l 4 tat only ; and as some sa,es planet. which rapidly approaches, with an increased
logwood and cotton-wool are furnishing the Ame. variety of constellations of great magnitude, towards
rican consignees with ready money, it is expectvd to die sun of good fox tune—via. that of the present State
fall next week again. We are looking I ()mini to Lotter,' Scheme. Be this as it may, the Comet will
still greater variations in trade, as to the A.ve!acan soon retrograde into endless space; while the latter
ships: nor do we atm think that Russia is anxiniii to wilt conti..ue to illumine the adventurous w until
change her present system, or to a.:vapce near to that tlinitieirendc.eotonNealtinMatlutdiewoateninditivv.id.oulasits:dwilt.so benign
of of England. The Americans are spo4img her, by
bringing their produce here, and taking her goods, happy :11.singtoacoTnicikee‘tviorduan
sham vortexe. auractita4 by
back."

THEATRLS•

COVENT-GARDEN.—This magnificent Theatre was
Yet-opened last night for the season, with the Tragedy
of Romeo and Juliet, and the Pantomime of Harlequin
and ihmodeus. The principal performers in the Tra-
gedy were greeted on their entrance with the most
Battering applause, particularly Mr. C. KEMBLE, who,
as the representative of the love-sick hero of the piece,
was remarkably effective and happy. Miss S. Bowrit
was also very successful as Juliet; indeed we never
remember her to have imparted more genuine inte-
rest to the character ; nor did Mr. JONES ever appear
to greater advantage in the part of Mercurio. The
only alteration is the interior of the House is the ad-
dition of a private-box at each extremity of the Or-
chestra ; and the whole presents a most elegant and
gratifying coup d'ail. The audience in all parts were
very numerous, and the boxes and pit exhibited con-
siderable elegance and respectability.
LYCEUM.—A new Comic Opera, entitled M. P.
or The Rine Stocking, written by Mr. ANACREON
Mooar,- was presented for the first time at this
Theatre,. of which the following are the principal
Dramatic Persona :
_ _ _

Sir Charles Canvas.. Mr. 0
Captain Canvas Mr. HORN.
Henry de Rosier Mr. Panties.
Mr. Hartington Mr. RAYMOND.
Leatherbead
Davy Mr. KNIGHT.
La Foam..., • Mr. Wesel-Ohm
Lady Bib Blue
•
Madame de Roder Mrs. HAmtvrosr.
Miss Selwyn Mrs. MOO NT Alti. •
iVliss Hartingtome Miss Kext.r.
Susan.? • Mrs. BLAND.
Of the plot the following is a concise outline
Str Chaves and Captain Canvas are the eons of the late Sir
William Canvas. Bart. who had married their mother privately
in France, but did not acknowledge her as his wife till after the
birth of the first son, Captain Canvas, when a second solemni-
Zation of their nuptials took place publicly in England. 'l he diM.
culty, indeed the apparent impossibility of proving the first mar-
riage, from the total want of witness or document, is taken ad.
vantage of by the younger of the sons (stiled Sir Charles Canvas
throughout the piece) to usurp the title and fortune, during the
absence of his brother, Captain Canvas, a Naval Officer. 'else
Opera opens at a watering-place (we believe Brighton), where
wewend Sir C. Canvas paying his addresses to a rich heiress,Miss
Selwyn, who is already strongly attached to his brother. At the
same watering-place, there is a distressed emigrant family, con-
sisting of Madame de Rosier, her son, and a faithful old servant.
The son,it appears, had for some time moved In the fashionable
society f London, but by the failure of his resources, in conse.
quence of the French Revolution, is coMpelled, as the only means
of supporting himself and his mother, to live as shopman with
the proprietor of the chief circulating library at the watering-
place. Sir C. Cany;;s, discovering by charm that Madame de
Rosier had been the intimate friend of his mother at Paris, and
that site and her servant were present at the private marriage,
employs threats and bribery to suppress their testimony against
his claims, but by the agency of Mt. Hartington, a humane elm-
racer (who goes about in the disguise of a mendicant, to find fit.l
objects for his benevolence), the views of Sir Charles are de-
feated, and the title and fortune reverts to the rightful claimant,
Captain Canvas, who arrives from sea under the false impression
that his mistress has deserted him, for the more promising pro-
posals of his brother, but who is made happy by finding that not
only her fidelity, but his own rights are confirmed to him beyond
other doubt or dispute.
The second plot of the Opera turns upon the affections of
young De Rosier and Miss Hartington for each other, and the
constancy with which (notwithstanding the fall of his fortunes)
she perseveres in her attachment to him, till, with the consent
of her father, her hand II united to his, and a double marriage
concludes the piece.
From these materials Mr. MooRE has produced an
Opera of more-than common merit. The reputation
of the author for the sublime efforts of Lyric compo-
sition is so well known, that any comment upon 'the
qualities for which his verses are admired, would be
superfluous. We have seen him tonight exhibiting
U proof of two-fold talent. • The poet end musician
are combined, and the language of love is conveyed
to the heart in " tones of richest melody." But Mr.
MOORE'S efforts in this Opera are not confined to the
common-place character of sentiment—there is a rich
vein of wit which runs with undiminished splendour
and rapidity through every scene in which the humo-
rous parts are represented.
The character of a Member of Parliament, by Ox-
DERRY, is capitally drawn. It is one of the happiest
displays we have witnessed for a length of time, and
some of the allusions produce the most pleasant and
laughable effects. There are many allusions to exist-
ing circumstances, the situation of the Continent, of
Bullion and Bank•notes, &c. which were very happy
in their application, and occasioned much laughter.
It had been reported that the author, in drawing the I
several characters in his piece, had his eye to the in-
dividual talents of the players ; and certainly praise
is due to the Performers. OXBERRY, who is ap-
pearing in new characters every day, played, with
great judgment. To PHILLIPS, Mr. MOORE is much
indebted, for his excellent execution of the songs
allotted to him ; his voice is not only well calculated
for the effusions of our Poet, but there is not a
line which is not distinctly and judiciously articu-
lated. Mrs. Mourcrarsz was, as usual, most excellent
and effective in the singing parts of the Opera ;—her
conversation voice is not so good. Miss KELLY also
exerted herself with much success, and Mrs. BLAND
was lively and entertaining. The house was prodi-
giously crowded, and the piece was received through-
out with the most rapturous applause ; it will not fail,
we think, to become a permanent favourite of the
public.—The following is a specimen of the Poetry :
DUET.—Mrs. MOUNTAIN and Miss KELLY.
sweet to behold, when the billows are sleeping,
Some gay-colour'd bark, moving gracefully by;
'No damp on her deck, but the even-tide's weeping,
No breath in her sails, but the summer-wind's sigh.
Yet, who would not turn, with fonder emotion,
To gaze on the life-boat, though rugged and worn,
'Which often bath wafted o'er hills of the ocean
The lost light of hope to the seaman forlorn
Oh ! grant that, of those, who, in life's sunny slumber,
Around us, like summer-barks, idly have play'd,
Wisest storms are abroad, we may find in the number
One friend, like the life-boat, to fly to our aid!
SONG.—Ma. Pinups.
:rho' sacred the tic that our country entwineth,
And dear to the heart her remembrance remains,
Yet dark are the ties where no liberty chinch,
And sad the remembrance that slavery stains.
Oh thou! who evert born in the cot of the peasant,
But dirst of languor in Luxury's dome,
Our vision, when absent—our glory, when present.-
Where thou art, 0 Liberty ! there is my home.
Zarewell to the land where in childhood I wander'd I
In vain Is she mighty, in min is she brave!
Unillest id the blood that for tyrants is squandeed,
And Fame has no wreaths for the brow of the slay&
But bail to thee, Albion! who meet the commodes
Of Europe, as calm as tby cliffs meet the foam;
With no bonds but the law, and no elm but the OWN
Balls Temple of Liberty I thou art my home.

SONC.—Mr. PatcLlPll..
SMUT of Joy ! thy altar Iles
In youthful hearts, that hope like mine,
And 'tie the light of laughing eye.,
That leads us to thy fairy shrine.
There if we find the filth, the tear,
They are not those to sorrow known;
But breath so soft, and drops so clear,
That Bliss may claim them for her own.
Then give me, give me, while I weep,
'l•he sanguine hope that brightens woe,
And teaches even our tears to keep
The tinge of rapture while they flow.
The child, who sees the de* of night
Upon the spangled hedge it morn,
Attempts to catch the drops of light,
But wounds his finger with the thorn.
Thus oft the brightest joys we seek
Dissolve, when touch'd, and turn to pain ;
The flush they kindle leaves the cheek,
The tears they waken long remain.
But give me, give me, While I weep,
The sanguine hope that brightens woe,
And trachea even Our tears to keep,
The tinge of rapture while they (kiwi
SONG.--Ma. LoITZGROVE.
Mr. Orator Pug had two tones in his voice,
The one squeaking thus, and the other down se;
In each sentence he utter'd he gave you your choice,
For one half was B alt, and the rest G below.
Oh! oh! Orator Puff,
One voice for one orator's surely enough.
But he still talk'd away, spite of coughs and of frowns, ,
go distracting all ears with his et, and his downs,
That a wag once, on hearing the orator say
" My voice is for war," ask'd him, " Which of then!' pray ?"
Oh! Ito! &c.
Reeling homewards, one evening, top-heavy with gin,
And rehearsing his speech on the weight of the Crown,
He tripp'd near a saw-pit, and tumbled right in,
• " Sinking Fund" the last words as his noddle came down.
Oh ! oh ! &c.
" Good Lurd !" he exclaim'd, in his he-and•she tones,
" Help me out—help me out—l have broken any bones!"
" Help you out !" said a Paddy, who pass'd," what a bother!
" Why, there's two of you there; can't you help one another r
i Oh ! oh ! &c.

SONG.—Mrs. BLAND.
Young Love he'd once in an bumble shed,
Where roses breathing,
And woodbines wreathing,
Arcund the lattice their tendrils spread,
As wild and sweet as the life he led.
His garden flourish'd,_

For young Hope nou;isli'd
The infant buds with beams and showers;
Bin lips, tho' blooming, must still be fed,
And not even Love can live on flowers.
Alasl that Poverty's evil eye
Should e'er come hither,
Suck sweets to wither !
The flowers laid down titbit- heads to die,
And Hope fell sick, as the witch drew nigh.
She Came one morning,
Ere love had warning,
And raied the latch, where the young god lay;
" Oh Ito !`' said Love,—" is it you ? good bye;"
So lie oped the window, and flew away!

HAY-MARKET.—The Comedy of The Provoked
Husband was performed last night ; and a Mr. BRAY,
from the provincial theatres, sustained the part of
John Moody with much excellence, and received con-
siderable applause. In the Farce of Killing no Murder,
Mr. MALLINSON, for the first time, appeared in the
part of Buskin, in which he displayed great humour
and address—and, with the assistance of Mr. LISTON,
in .Apollo Belti, kept the house,which was quite full,
in continued peals of laughter.

We have this morning received Dublin Papers of
Thurso.' y last. The Catholics of the Borough of Dun-
garvau were to meet as this day. Those of the King's
County have also been called together. The Catholics
of the County of Carlow are to meet on the 13th.
The Roman Catholics of the county of Kildare
met at Naas on the 3d instant, and appointed ten
gentlemen to prepare petitions to both houses of Par-
liament. Several Protestant Gentlemen attended,

and delivered their sentiments respecting the Catholic
came. Mr. LATOUCHE, the representative for the

County, declared his intention of supporting their
claims. Lord CLONCURRY maintained the justice and
expediency of an immediate grant of all the privi-
leges of the Constitution to the Catholics. Mr. HENRY
of Straffan (brother in law to the Duke of LEINSTER)
was of the same opinion ; but he deprecated the use
of intemperate language in their endeavours to obtain
full admission into the Constitution.

A large vessel, apparently a 32 gun frigate, was
seen off Aberdeen on Tuesday and Wednesday, stand-
ing to the southward. Four small Danish-built
vessels (one of them lugger-rigged) were in company,
supposed to be her prizes.
We lately stated that orders had been received at
Revel, from St. Petersburgh, directing the 'release of
the vessels which had been under sequestration in that
port. A confirmation of this intelligence was received
in town on Saturday. It states, that the total num-
ber of vessels which had been released at Liebau,
Revel, Riga, &c. was 52, and that the circumstances
attending the remainder of the ships and cargoes un-
-1 der sequestration would be taken into consideration,
and no doubt was entertained of the whole of them
being ultimately released.
The American General WILKmon is to be tried
during the present month by a Court Martial. The
charges are not stated in any of the American prints;
1 but it is said that they had undergone an investigation
by a Committee to which they were referred by Con-
-1 gress ; and the result was such as to render the present
measure necessary.
A Protest was received at New-York from Ham-
burgh, in July, stating, that the Prince of ECRNROIL
had positively interdicted the American Consul Ge-
neral, Fonuas, from affixing his usual attestation to
the signature of a Notary.
BREAD.—This day there was no Court of Alder-
men :—.the LORD MAYOR. after inspecting the Re-
turns, ordered it to rise 2d. per peck.
Lord CHOLMONDELEY'S lease, under the crown of
the Forest of Delamere will shortly expire, when that
track of land (about 10,000 acres) will be cultivated.
Three young men, of the name of Wright (two of
them sons of Mr. Wright, of Mouse-hole, and the
other the son of Mr. Wright, schoolmaster, at Ma-
dron), were drowned on Sunday se'nnight, in Mount's
Bay, from a fishing-boat, in which they were cruising
with another man and a female relative. Two of
them having got into the punt alongside the large
boat, upset her, and the third lest his life by gene-
rously jumping overboard to save the others.
In the vicinity of Salisbury, on Tuesday last, a
quantity of corn was carried up into the air by a tor-
natio, to the height of about 800 feet, as appeared by
comparing it with the spire of the Cathedral, and
borne off to a very courbaderabk &tastes .

THE ARMY.

, -- 1
The 'White Rose is, by permission of his Royal
Highness the PRINCE REGENT, worn as a badge by
the Ist West York Regiment of Militia.
The Royal Cornwall Regiment is, by order of the
PRINCE RECENT, to be called in Pature " The Prince
of Wales's Light Infantry."
The following are the stations of the English regi-
ments of Militia in Ireland :
Cornwall - - - Londonderry.
Cornish Miners - - Enniseorthy.
Montgomery - - - New Geneva.
Northumberland - - Cork.
Westmorland - - - Boyle.
Radnor - - - Armagh.
lid Surrey - - - Mullingar.
Caernarvon - - - I.ongford.
Merionetb - - - Granard.
West Middlesex - Loughrea.

.. .

Anglesea
Leicester -
Cardigan - -
Nottingham -

Limerick.
Dublin.

The 81st and 50th Regiments are at East Bourn,
the officers of which, with their ladies and daughters,
give an air of gallantry and gaiety to the marine
pleasures of the place.
The 2d battalion of the 66th regiment marched
into the new Barracks at Winchester, on Friday.
The depot of the 12th Light Dragoons is on its
march from Norwich to Radipole Barracks, Wey-
*south.
A letter received at Plymouth from Lisbon states,
that the deaths in the British army had been twelve
per day, but they had been reduced by removing
.sorthward, to 80 per month.
Saturday se'ennight arrived at Cork the Podargus
sloop of war, with the transports, Nos. 29, 180, and
141, having on board the West Middlesex Militia,
commanded by Major BlRD—neither the Colonel or
Lieutenant-Colonel having accompanied them. They
are 800 strong, and their wives and children amounted
to nearly 200. Most of the Officers are Irish. They
left Dover, where they embarked on the 15th ult. and
owing to foul winds were obliged to beat the whole
way. The Virago, has a signal flying for Portugal ;
else takes under convoytwo transports, lying at Monks-
town, with detachments for Lisbon ; she is expected
to sail on Wednesday.
Dr. DE COURCY L'AFYAN, Physician to the Forces,
with a Medical Staff. sailed from Portsmouth, on
koard the Asia, bound for Lisbon.
Ensign BURKE, who landed at the Military Depot
last week, from Portugal, was on Sunday afternoon
released from confinement, and afterwards went for
Bristol.
Lieutenant LETHAMI of the 3d Buffs, who came
home with several other wounded officers in the Ley-
den, is the officer who rescued the regimental colour
from the Poles, and the only colour saved of the
brigade ; it was by this means he gat so severely
wounded in the face, and lost his left arm by a sabre;
we are happy to state he is in a fair way of recovery.
Lieut. WOOD, who lost a leg, is also come home.
HARWICH, SEPTEMBER 9.

Arrived, the MARTIN sloop of war, with the
Transports from Portsmouth, to take on board the
Cumberland, Hertford, and Dumfries regiments of
Militia, for Ireland.

NAVAL INTALLIGENCE.

The BARBARA cutter has arrived at Plymouth with
dispatches from Halifax, which were forwarded to
town. She brought no account of the reported cap-
ture by the ATALANTS of the French frigate Entre-
prenate.

FALMOUTH, SEPTEMBER 7.

Sailed, the Chesterfield Packet,forCadiz.—Wind E.

PLYMOUTH, SEPTEMBER S.

Arrived the Barbara cutter, from Halifax ; the
Fancy hired cutter, from the Rochefort station ; and
the Morristown hired armed brig, with a convoy of
colliers from Swansea.—Sailed the FAVOURITE sloop
of war for Milford, with the Plymouth naval trans-
port under convoy, having dock-yard stores on board.
—Came up harbour the LEONIDAS frigate.

DEAL, SEPTEMBER 9.
Arrived, the ACTIVE cutter, with dispatches from
off Flushing ; the CRACKER gun-brig, from a cruize ;
and the SKYLARK sloop of war, from Portsmouth.—
Passed through the Downs, his Majesty's ship Htx-
DOSTAN, for Portsmouth ; and the Rose, Muszo, for
the South Seas.—Wind E.N.E.

LEITH, SEPTEMBER 7.
Arrived in Leith Roads, yesterday, the Alexandria
frigate, from a cruize off the North Cape; she brought
up three small Russian vessels, prizes, with her. 1 wo
small Danish sloops, prizes, arrived in the Roads, last
night.—The Trinculo sloop of war sailed last night,
with a convoy of five sail, to the Nore.

The following is an extract of a letter from Cap.
tain JOHNSON, of the Farnley, from Hull for Messina,
dated Palermo, July 10 :
" I am happy to inform you of my safe arrival
here, after a very narrow escape from being taken.—r
We sailed from Gibraltar the 6th of June, under con-
♦oy of the Rainbow ; and on the 25th of Jane, by
permission of the Commodore, parted company, the
Island of Moritimo bearing E.S.E. distant about nine
leagues, with a fair wind ; and on the 29th, about ten
leagues to the eastward, of Cape St. Vito, the N.W-
point of the island of Sicily, fell in with a French pri-
vateer,.aboat seven miles from the land. I immedi-
ately tacked and stood for the shore, perceiving him
to have his deck full of men. We hoisted our colours
and fired a shot at him ; he immediately put out
about twelve oars on each side, hoisted French co-
lours, and began to fire at us ; we returned it as fast
as possible, until we ran in with the land, which took
ps about an hour and a half, and we had just gained
it before he came up. To keep our ship in a position
to fight our guns, we were obliged to run on shore,
where we kept a heavy fire on him for half an hour ;
within about a cable's length of where an American
brig, from Salem, laden with tobacco, had let go hi r
anchor. The privateer boarded the American, cut
her cable, and took her away, and then made off. I
immediately got the long boat out, carried the small
bower anchor and the whole cable to an end, got a
food purchase on it, and at two o'clock next morn-
ing got off with little or no damage. At four A. M.
hove up the anchor and made sail fir Palen:in, dis-
tant about 18 miles ; and on the last day of June, at
midnight, brought up in Palermo Bay, and the next
morning get safe into the Mole."

•'
GALLANT ACTION.---- .1(

EXTRACT OV A LITTER.
" The sufferings and exertions in tie Bievadaterill.
:ommenced on the 91st of July, and continued with-*
out intermission until the 2d of August, in opposing
a Danish squadron, consisting of the Langeland brig,
mounting 22 long 18-pounders, and 204 men; Logan
and Keil brigs, mounting 20 and 18..0ng 18-poun-
ders, 175 men each. The English force consisted
of the Algerine cutter, 10 guns and 61 men, Lieute-
nant Blow ; and the Brevedageren, 12 guns, 47 men,
Lieutenant Devon.
" On the evening of the 31st of July, our two ships
observed three suspicions vessels standing towards
them from the coast of Norway, which were sotm
discerned to be enemies ; the wind being very light,
the Algerine and Brevedageren continued going from
them during the night, as fast as they were able, and
at day-light found themselves about four miles from
the advanced brig of the enemy, which appeared con-
siderably distant from the two others. Lieutenant
Blow, commanding the Algerine, being the senior
officer, sent a boat to the Brevedageren, to inform
Lieutenant Devon, that it was his intention to at-
tempt cutting this vessel off; and accordingly both
the Algerine and Brevedageren tacked for that pur-
pose, and commenced sweeping towards her, it being
calm. The enemy observed this manoeuvre, and pre-
vented its being executed by closing his squadron.—
The Algerine and Brevedageren again sought safety
by retreating. At 4 O'clock a.m. Ist of August, the
Danish Commodore in the Langeland, being nearly
within shot, the Algoine and Brevedageren again
bore down to the attact, by desire of Lieut. Blow.—
It must be observed, that the Danish Commodore
was at this time about two miles front his own ulna.
dron. The action was commenced about thirty
minutes past 11 o'clock a. m. with the Langeland—
at 12 in close action. Soon after, the second enemy's

-

••••IMM

ry

brig commenced firing on the Algerine, and Breve-
dageren, when the Algerine found it necessary to
take to her sweeps, and hauled out of the action.--
The Brevedageren could not follow her example ;
consequently she was left in the midst of three brigs
of the enemy, each of them more than double her
force. In this perilous situation, Lieutenant Devon,
the gallant Commander of the Brevedageren, resolv-
ed to fight as long as he could fire a gup ; and the
few brave fellows he commanded admirably support.
ed his heroic resoluti'.n, never in the least betraying
a symptom of fear, but on the contrary, nobly cheered
their commander in obeying every order. At half-
past one p. m. when scarcely a shadow of hope ex-
isted of saving the Brevedageren, a favourable breeze
of wind sprung up, of which Lieutenant Devon avail-
ed himself to get off, and fortunately the enemy, in.
tent on keeping up his fire, seemed not immediately
to perceive it. Lieutenant Devon then directed to
cease firing, and took to his sweeps, which, aided by
a boat's crew of ten men, sent by the Algerine about
the close of the action, and the breeze, gained nearly
a mile on the enemy by two o'clock p. m. who still
continued his broadsides with an apparent intention
to sink the Brevedageren, as all his shot fell low.
44 The enemy perceiving the advantage gained
over him, left off firing, and again every exertion was
made on the one side to escape, and on the other to
prevent it. The Brevedageren, however, preserved
her distance, the Langeland continuing to annoy her
with his chace guns. At five P. M. one of the other
Danish brigs, the Logan, was advancing fast on the
Brevedageren, and ranging upon her starboard quar-
ter. At this time the Algerine cutter, who had much
the advantage of the Brevedageren, front her superi-
ority of sweeping, hove to, and attracted the enemy's
attention. This manoeuvre was of much advantage,
as the enemy from this time did not gain the least
upon the Brevedageren, and at sun-set he gave up the
chace. Lieutenant Dviosr, however, not thinking
himself safe so near such powerful and hostile neigh.
bours, continued with his little crew labouring at the
sweeps until twelve o'clock midnight, when they
literally fell from their oars, completely worn out.—
The wonder is, how they could have stood it so long,
having been closely engaged with so superior a force
for upwards of an hour, besides tugging at the oar
from six o'clock on Wednesday evening until Thurs-
day at midnight.
64 At day-light on Friday, the enemy was distant
about six miles, but they did not resume the chace.—
Thus by an exertion and perseverance not to be ex-
ceeded, was rescued from the Danes his Majesty's
brig, which they probably were the more anxious to
possess, that she had been formerly taken from them.
The Brevedageren had one man killed in the begin-
ning of the action, and providentially only three
wounded throughout the whole of the severe contest.
She has, however, suffered much in her hull, masts,
sails, and rigging, which I should presume would
ne-
cessitate her going to England. To prevent the pos-
sibility of his colours being shot away, Lieutenant
DevoSt had hoisted and nailed in different parts of
his brig several English union•jacks ; and to remind
his brave fellows of the anniversary Of the memorable
I first of August, he took from his cabin a likeness of
the immortal NELSON, and made it fast to the mast."

*The American vessel Drummond, Captain Woon.
MAY LANGDON, detained aad sent into Plymouth on -
Thursday, by the Cadmus brig of war, was fallen in
with off Bourdeaux, on her passage froth New-York;
she has on board seventeen passengers, among whom
is Mr. JAY.
Saturday, a cartel sailed to Morlaix, with 17 of the
passengers by the American ship Brutus,for Bordeaux,
which was brought into Plymouth last week.
At a Court Martial, at Portsmouth, on Saturday,
P. Kahae, a seaman on board the Edinbugh, was
convicted of robbery, and received sentence of death.
J. Jeffries, a seaman, of the Medusa, for destr:ion, was
tetrence to receive 100 lashes.
On Wednesday several ships arrived at Hull from
the Baltic ; one of them, that had brought up in the
roads to w.iit the flood tide, soon after getting her an-
chor, drove upon tl e edge of the Skitter...sand, and
drifted along it until nearly opposite Barrow, when
she fell over, and the people got upon the side, where
they remained until some boats went from Hull to
their relief, and rescued them from their perilous si-
tuation. Che vessel soon afterwards Asas carries' by
the force of the tide across the channel of the river, AWL
upon a sand called the Old Warp. The masts
then cut away, and upon tile return of the Rood.
she righted. The cargo of planks and deals was
out, and on Thursday night she was got off the
