Poles, is much disposed to listen to France. The
Chamber of Deputies is believed to have done won-
ders, after a sharp quarrel about words, by adopt-
ing the assurance that the nationality of Poland
should not perish. If it would, it now knows how
that passage has been received by the Poles, for
whom it was made. It will be sufficient to read
the Gazettes of Warsaw, and among others the
Collier de Pologne ;—" At the present moment,
when we are between life and death," say the
Poles, they assure us our nationality ; but is it
only that which we demand ? The Jews, who wan-
derin the world without country, have a nation-
ality ; the savage hordes submitted to the sceptre
of itussia have also one. The torn members of
Poland preserve, though in a state of slavery, a na-
.ionality ; but is it that which we demand ? That
which we would have is, that these separate mem-
:,ers should again become one body ; that there
should be secured to us, that political existence
which is our due, and which is an unalienable be-
!Alt ; it is for this that we have struggled for forty
rears against our spoliators, and against the pride
.1* the Czars. It is not for mere nationality that
, e contend—we possess it ; it is for our political
,Nistence in our ancient limits that we fight. Be-
isold then the naked question which agitates all Eu-
rope ! It is the contest of right and of liberty—the
voice of God, and the voice of the people !" We
:onjure again the diplomatists of Europe, and espe-
ially our Cabinet, not to sanction by their silence,
still less by their consent, the new slavery of Po-
land. The Poles neither can nor will be subjected
to Russia ; and they have proved that they are
worthy of independence. All Europe has recog-
nised their title to a rank in the European family.l
To allow a nation so brave, so worthy of liberty,
to succumb beneath the barbarous despotism of
Russia, would be a crime as great as that of the
partition of Poland itself. Nations are now en-
lightened and generous; they were indignant at
the first crime, the second will be sufficient to
arouse them.—Le Temps.

The cholera morbui make; rapid progress.—
Vienna is infected—it is at the gates of Berlin ;it
is stated even that it has penetrated Munich. It
will soon cross Germany and Prussia, where are
collected so many troops, and then reach also
our frontiers, which are equally garnished with
soldiers. It is there where it will exercise its ra-
vages, and maintain itself. Nothing will be more
odious hereafter than the blind stupidity of the
Cabinets of Europe, which made Holy Alliances
against doctrines and opinions, and which have not
sense enough to disband their armies, and take all
the precautions which prudence prescribes, to pre-
vent the propagation of a plague which will decimate
one after another all their respective populations.—
Cdurricr Francais.
The vessel of the Peerage leaks on all sides :
M. Lobau will be called to pump it out.—Figaro.
The annual races commenced yesterday in the
Champs de Mars, but the weather being rather threat.
cting. the course was not so well attended as usual.—
The tint arrondissement prise of 1,200 francs, was woo

by M. de la Roque's biy mart Aline, 3 years old,
carrying 82 lbs, rode by Olivier, beating the Count
de Suede's bay mare Adda.--The second prize was
son by the Count de Strada's bay mare Pamela, 3 yrs old,
carrying 821bs. rode by T. Hall, beating M. Fasquel's Young
)hlcen, Lord Seymour's hone Paving, and Air. Charles
Lafitte's bay mare Praga.—The third prize was won
by Lord H. Seymour's bay horse Cyrus, 4 yrs old,
carrying 105 lbs. rode by North, beating Count de
Strada', hone Eldorado, M. Santerre, seniors bay mare
Ciio, M. Leconte's horse !Amason, Mr. Charles Louis's
hone Smolensk°, Count Narbonne's bay mare, Tsars,
and Al. Santerre, junior's, bay mare Cleopatre. The
worth prize was won by the Count de Strade's bay
mare Odeina, 4 yrs old, carrying 102 lbs, rode by T. Hall,
beating M. Schieklier'a horse Young Rainbow, M. Riviere's
horse Caton, 111. de la Roque's ch mare Daphne, and 111.
14grand's ch mare Selina.—His Majesty has been pleased
to patronise the Jocky Club, and has honoured it with his
name. The races will continue tomorrow.
