most sagitsent of tbe profession,
in those obstinate complaints. Eking combined In the form of
ovodeldoc, It is rendered more penetrating, and consequently
mach mote efficacious as an external application. Rubbed upon
the skin, by means of flannel, or the warm hand, it allays morbid
irritation of nerves, invigorates the absorbents, and accelerates
the circulation.

Sold In Bottles, at 2s. 9d. by Messrs. BUTLER, Chemists,
Cheapside, corner of St. Paul's, London ; Sactville-street, Dublin ;
Princes-street, Edinburgh ; Savory and Co. 156, New Bond-
street, and £2O, Regent-street ; and the principal Druggists.

Of whom may be bad
MARSHALL'S UNIVERSAL CERATE, an excellent Re-
medy for Cutramants when broken; used also in Scalds, Burns, &c.
In Boxes at ls. I id. and 21. 9d.

rip Ask for ISMAIL'S CAJITCT OPODILDOC.

FROM THE LONDON GAZETTE, Feb. 11.
WAR OFF-712as. 11.
Ist Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Cornet Edward Birkett Grant,
to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Thompson, who retires.
4th Dragoon Guards—Lieutenant Henry Penlease to be Captain,
by purchase, vice Stamper, who retires • Cornet George Wy-
nail Mayow to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Pesdeam, and
Cornet Thomas Smith Pis, from half-pay Cape Corps (Cavalry)
to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Mayow.
6th Regiment of Dragoons--Captain .Edmund Meysey Wigley
Greswolde to be Major, by purchase, vice Warrand, who re-
tires ; Lieutenant Henry Fowler Mackay to be Captain, by
purchase, vice Greswolde ; Coronet Honourable Henry Cole to
be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Mackay ; William Scott,
Gent. to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Cole.
11th Regiment of Light Ilragoons—Edward Frederick Cherry,
Gent. to be Veterinary Surgeon, vice Gauley, deceased.
16th Light Dragoons—George Crofton, Gent. to be Coronet, by
purchase, vice Blakelocke, who retires.
Ist or Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards—Major and Colonel
John George Woodford, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, by purchase,
vice Honourable Horatio George Powis Townshend, who re-
tires upon half pay, receiving the difference; Captain and Lieut.-
Colonel Henry D'Oyly to be Major, with the rank of Colonel,
by purchase, vice Woodford ; and Lieutenant-Colonel Henry
Robert Ferguson, from the half pay, to be Captain of a Com-
pany, paying the difference, vice D'Oyly.
Ist Regiment of Foot—Assistant Surgeon Samuel Dickson, from
the 30th Foot, to be Assistant Surgeon, vice WAndrew, pro.
noted in the 14th Foot.
9th Foot—Lieutenant William Jackson, from the 25th Foot, to be
Lieutenant, vice Wells, who exchanges. • i
23d Foot—Lord Henry heauclerk to be Second Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Lawrence, promoted.
24th Foot—Lieutenant George Kirkaldy, from the end Foot, to
be Lieutenant, vice Grant promoted.
25th Foot—Lieut. Samuel Wells, from the 9th Foot, to be Lieut.
vice Jackson, who exchanges.
324 Foot—Ensign Robert Campbell, from the 17th Foot, to be
Ensign, without purchase, vice Payne, deceased.
34th Foot—Captain Henry Deedes, from the 52d Foot, to be Cap-
tain, vice Considine, who exchanges.
44th Foot—Lieutenant John Edward Cedd, from the half-pay, to
be Lieutenant, vice Lowther, who retires.
524 Foot—Captain William Considine, from the 54th Foot, to be
Captain, vice Deedes, who exchanges.
57th Foot—Ensign John Butler, from half•pay 97th Foot, to be
Resign, vice Graham, appointed to the 59th Foot.
59th Foot—Ensign Augustus Hanford to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Lukis, appointed Paymaster of the 3d Foot;
Ensign Henry Hope Graham, from the 57th Foot, to be En-
-sign, vice Hartford.
62d Foot—Lieutenant Colin Buchanan, from half-pay Royal
York Hansen, to be Lieutenant, vice Kirkaidey, appointed to
the 24th Foot.
75th Foot—Ensign William John Saunders to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Davison, who retires; Ensign and Adjutant
Henry Boys to base the rank of Lieutenant; William Ren
Haliday, Gent. to he Ensign, by purchase, vice Saunders.
slat Foot—Charies Humfrey, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Symons, who retires.
92d Foot—Ensign Thomas Ornuby, to be Lieutenant, by per.
chase, vice Rollo, who retires ; and Henry Donde& Drommood.
Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Ormsby.
24 West India Regiment—Lieutenant William Edward Stanley,
from half-pay Royal African Corps, to be Lieutenant, vice Bu-
chanan, whose appointment has not taken place.
UNATTACUID.
Second Lieutenant Arthur Johnstone Lawrence, from the 23d
Foot, to be Lieutenant of Infantry, by purchase.
11131011ANDUM.
The appointment of Assistant Surgeon Percy Fits-Patrick, from
halp-pay 51st Foot, to the 24th Foot, stated to have taken place
loth December last has not taken place.
CROWN OFFICE, Fa. 12.
Member returned to serve in this present Parliament.
Borough of Harwich—The Right Hon. John Charles Berries,
First Commissioner for Trade and Plantations.
DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
Ms Price Sutton, Clement's Inn, money scrivener.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. •
James Garnett, Bristol, man's mercer.
BANKRUPTS.

t-'7lerc-w;,-Transnere, Cileshire.
and *6, at one. at the Clarention-buildlngs, Liverpool, Attor-
neys, Musts. Ellis and Walnidey, Chancery-lane; and Mr.
J. Mather, Casde•street, LiverpoeL
William Wate, Exeter, timber-msrehant. Feb. 20, March 13, and
23, at eleven, at Congdon's Royal Subscription Roams, Rueter.
Attorneys, Messrs. Adlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, 4, Bed-
ford-row, ; and Mr. W. H. Furlong, Exeter.
Hill Purnell, Cardiff. Giamorganshire, linendraper, Feb. 94, IS,
and March 26, at twelve, at the White Lion Inn, Bristol. At-
torneys, Messrs. 'Jenkins and Abbott, New Inn; and Messrs.
Clarke and Son, Bristol.
William Puhk7, Gainsburgit, Lincolnshire, coil-merchant, Feb.
26, at one, and two, and March 26, at four, at the Mono's
Arms Inn, Gainsburgh. Attorney., Mr. Spurr Warnford-
court, Tbroginortmetreet ; and Mr. H. Spur, Gainsburgh.
Sarah Moody and Robert Moody, Rooney, Hampshire, plumbers,
Feb. 24, at twelve. 23, at ten, and March 26, at twelve, at
the George Inn. Southampton. Attorney', Mr. J. B. Hilly,
Farrar's-buildings, Temple ; and Messrs. Sharp and Harrison,
Southampton.
Samuel Peck, Uverpool, merchant, Feb. 10, 24, and March 96,
at two, at the Clarendon-buildings, literpool. Attorneys,
Messrs. Forrest, Son, and Foster, Church-alley, Liverpool t
and Messrs. Perkins and Frampton. Gray s Inn- ate.
(Dividends, Certilicates, Re. is our next.)

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OF LORD3.—Far DAY.
Prayers were read by the Bishop otßristol.
The Earl of HUNTINGDON toot the oaths and his seat.

Mr. Sneyd, from the Bank of England, presented at the bar sun-
dry accounts, pursuant to act of par&m

THE COIL ?RAD!.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY rose to present a petition
from the proprietors of the collieries in the north of Engla4 pray-
ing the renewal of the committee which sat last year, to inquire into
the state of the coal trade. The noble marquis said, "My lords, 1
should not have selected this opportunity to present myself to your
lordships if I had not been intrusted with the petition which I have
the honour to present—a peddon embracing the interest of a large
portion of the worth of the north ef England ; andi do think that I am
called upon to offer some observations in support of it. In the course
of the last session of parliament,it devolved upon me to urge his ma.
jest
stie? government to take into consideration the state of the coal
Your lordships recollect the discussions that then took place,
and that a mass of evidence was laid upon the table, which had
been taken before the committee up stairs, on the subject of the cod
trade. That trade embraces sandy the whok wealth stale torsh of
England. I regret that the petition has not been placed in abler
hands than mine, but, as the cosl.owners of the north have confided
it to me, I feel it to be my humble duty to present it to your lord-
ships, making such observations as occur to me in support of the
prayer of the petitioners, who ask for inquiry and investigation,
bdng anxious that a full examination of every thing connected with
the trade may take place. My lords, considerable odium has been
thrown upon coal proprietors, the public supposing that it is owing
to them that the article in question is enhanced in price—an
article particularly during the late inclement season. It
Is believed, my lords, that rise of prima in the public market Is
owing to the coal-owners. If your lordships look into the evidence
upon your table, you will find the fallacy of that opinion. You will
Ind that the coal-owner of the North receives no more when the
prices are high than he does when they are low. If your lordships
doubt my statement, you may satisfy younelves of its truth by oz.
&mining the evidence. Ido not, indeed, wish you to receive what I
assert, but look at the evident* for the facts. The best coal in the
north of England at the present moment is We. the chaldron. The
consumer was now paying about 50s. for the same quantity. TIM
difference between these two prices, 16s. and 50s. allowing 10e. se
I Is. for the freight, was swallowed up in profits, and in the shape of
duties and imposts in the port of London. In order to rectify this
abuse, it was I, with the rest of the coal owners, recommended an
inquiry into the subject. We labour under grievances, and all that
we wish fur is a full investigation of the subject. • The noble duke
at the head of his Majesty's government gave the question greats&
tendon during the last session of Parliament, when the Committee
was sitting ; and I am sure he will again do so when the Commit*,
is revived, as I find, from a conversation which I have just had with
my noble friend, that he has no objection to the course which the
petitioners seek being adopted. The noble duke, when he woe In
the north of England, had an opportunity of seeing what WM gig
forward at the colleries, and was convinced of the immense loss
coals at the pit's mouth—l mesa by burning the small coal. Uhl,
Majesty's government would consent to have coal sold by weight
Instead of by measure, this destruction of valuable coal
would be avoided: Whoever visited the coal-ming saw immense-
heaps of these small coals burning in various parts of the a=
If it were established by law that coal should be sold by
rather than by measure, much benefit would result, and the system of
menage, which had given so much disgust, would be avoided. The
noble marquis then proceeded to speak at some length respecting the
Clarence Railway, which he described as being of little or no bene-
fit to the parties who had become shareholders in that undertaking.
He then alladed to the petitions which had been presented at the
close of the last session of Parliament against the interests of coal-
owners of the North, containing statements which he did not think
it nuesssary to reply to, and concluded by moving that the petition
be read at tength.
The petition was then read, and laid on the table.

should be concluded • and
which I shall have the honour of addressing to your lordships will
conclude with a resolution to the effect which I read to the house on
a former occasion--(on Monday, when the noble lord gave notice of
the motion)— containing such propositions and ptinciples, relating
to that important subject, which appear to me fit to be adopted. My
loads, I have the satisfaction to think that the principles contained in
that proposition, which I shall suggest for your lordships' arproba.
din, are such as can hardly be disputed by any one in this house
The proposition is so obvious and self-evident, that I think is-nil
be necessary to occupy very little of your lordships' time only, in
proving the utility of the sentiments and principles contained therein.
I hardly expect that any peer of this house, nor any man in the
country, will believe but that it is for the interest of England, if a
new state be established in the Mediterranean, to see that state in
the ion of the means in all respects, of maintaining its inde.
cc, and its relations with other countries. My lords, I must
kly acknowledge that, to induce the house to adopt such a pro.
on, something %lore is requisite. sae Thaitinadrztlutiodn
appricroationitionsywexi:t ; yet, when practice, and
isup4sen edc, itn
may not be either useful or proper that parliament should express
their opinions upon it. This is both consonant to common sense
and parliamentary usage. I therefore admit, my lords, that lam
not only called upon to prove that the adoption of the proposition is
jest and politic, but that the expression of the house upon it may
is possibly advantageous to the country, advantageous to the'
Chem, and that some danger may be apprehended by not following
that ISOM. To this pan of the subject I shall have to call your
lattiships' attention mare pacularly. In doing this, lam ra
to own that, in expressing my sentiments, I may use words
which may imply a degree of distrust of the capacity of
those of whom I speak. I am willing to acknowledge this.
I wish to prove that this distrust rests upon grounds which, Wrier
lordships think that my observations with justice are applicable, I
shall then feel myself entitled to the resolutions which will be Lai
before you. As I most distinctly acknowledge that my pars .
tions are founded upon my distrust, and that distrust upon my sic.
serrations respecting the conduct of his Majesty's ministers on this
particular subject (and perhaps other circumstances connected with
their conduct on other occasions), I certainly feel that it would be
disingenuous if I did not prettrexplichly and openly state what uty
feelings are. I feel it n , my lords, to say one or twow
upon this point. In stating what I feel it my duty to offer, lam
convinced that, if I speak sincerely—and, I assure your lordship I
shall not speak otherwise—l must say many things, on a subject
like thepresent, disagreeable to use, and perhaps unpleasant to the
objects to whom they are applied. I may express myself bluntly
and plainly, but I beg to assure your lordships that I have no inten-
tion whatever of offending any person in this house. But, at the
same time, I am ready to assure your lordships—and I believe the
house will give me credit for the truth of my assertion—that, al.
though the motion with which I shall conclude imputes a distrust of
his Majesty's advisers as to their foreign policy, and portico.
larly in that which relates to the present topic of discussion, yet I
do not intend, by my pressing the resolutions, to disturb them
in the possession of power, or endeavour to establish any
thing like a systematic opposition to their government. (Hear,
hear, hear.) To their government, my lords, Ido not profess any
dislike or general hostility. (Hear.) lam ready so 11C1M01/.
ledge that his Majesty's Ministers, in one very great and moment-
ous question,

have done the State much service."
(Hear, hear.) For what they did I feel thankful, as well as for the
manner in which it was done. I think, my lords, it is not impos-
sible but that they are disposed to go much further, if the house
will urge them. But it is necessary to look a little closer into their
conduct during the two years that they have held their power, in
doing which, I shall express both blame and censure. But, when
I come to state my opinions on other topics, probably they will be
as little pleased with the praise as with the censure which I may
bestow; but I hope your lordships will believe it sincere. To the
present government, however, I do feel a little objection, both from
its composition and its itystem. It is a system of government uni-
formly foreign to the habits of the people of this country. But It
has one considerable thing for commendation, which is, that when
by the temper of parliament, or when by the feelings of the
people, or when circumstances intervene, requiring an al-
teration of policy, they most manfully, and willingly, and
readily, discard all their former opinions, however tense!.
cusly adhered to before, and at length do that justice to the
country' which they had so long denied. (Loud laughter.) They
'do this with alacrity and good sense. But when they are
not forced into that political line of conduct they still main-
tain their course. in moat instances, and I believe in all relati
to foreign affairs, when their road lies not through a emuoth and
even path, but when there are many paths by which they may travel,
they uniformly choose the wrong one. My lords. I do not say this
midi any hostility to the ministry, but these are the feelings, and
dientis a moral which applies to this motion respecting them. My
MA, what is the moral ? It is not to assault his majesty's govern.
sitent as a noble lord had said, but it is the duty of parliament to
admonish and tie them up—to show them that it is absolutely ne.
ersrary to pursue a certain line of conduct—to p int out to them the
right path, if they choose the wron4 one. I think it necessa-y in
this eleventh hour to bring this motion forward, that parliament
should minsonish them in the duty they have to perform. And here,
my lords, I will first say, if the observations that I have made on
their general conduct be true, and which at present may be panted
to me in argument at least, and if the proposition which I am about
to submit, does contain, as I contend it does, sound and just ptin.
have

derelictiou to whitaves. is Engtub to the word pr:lnier....
.4 noble duke appeared in this boas at the belie( his ma.
s goveror .ant. I ask whoa sib the situation whit% Or.-at Rd.
buld it Slue held the mantel which ate oaglit always to bold—
stood retittly pre.e.ninent° anise,: tite nations of the world
rd Fiance—not France as a raimeruus rival...who had become
to that amity ; Bunn had also consented to become one of
powers; and as far as the noble duke erns accessary is
bad previously dose towards effecting that object, 1 hue-
he Is entitled to much sonsise.—My oar puseisionalle
itterranean, from their vicinity as the that war.s
considerable degree of este in that anAling• win( :o
carri.d on ; hut, more than all, there was that s at.
shows for four or five yews by all penile teem* us, -as
loriast,
that country, thereby giving we an aliaintar which,
cultivated, no men could tell to the Mien to which
have been carried, bat to which so up ties etc is.
who had the whit of else rod of ide' webby at •
. not to be pleased with. II e find, cap beds, shat
contented to combine her Beet with masa and the reaped
advainages by the conhdence. bly lords, that pen coat.
thander—(heari--for he la a great camomile:, eitishieff a the-
of Navarino the glorious victory—the rases of which re-
2, from one end of Europe to the other, and thus startled as
opportunity of bringing the seulenrent of Orem to • termina-
Such, my lords, was the situation in which this country does
Now, let us look at the conduct of the rtiminiseration. fa •
t place, let us see what langusas they used applicable to the
victory obtained, Ly a British commander, with an gifted
Sly hoe the first nue they speak of that event, they been
ransacked their vocabulary to find same word which should
distaste and disgust This was their int step; and that
pat into the .mouth of his morel Majesty. I beg to lie
setiterloed bow as welting of the ministers having used that wad -
both is *Voausemmey and plain sense it was theirs. Thiartas-
'l Midi that tathreat war spates of we. evidenly done for tits
of torsbblbe d loss la tads which bad been 'lased on t!• 3
etotennumisr, who bed se happily achieved a vie.
aladllar ass whisk the memory of man. The
4114
KinifirarrwasmilltdditAribripar* '" - c'*
sewn fewo re- - .
The feelings of the Emperor of Russia, instead of being
actuated by blame, were of a precisely different description.
—(Hear, hear.) But what was the next event, and what was
the conduct of our government on the occasion ? I most, how.
ever, solicit the indulgence and favour of your lordships, in
speaking of these events, because so little official infeernatioo
has been produced on the occasion, and I know no dates before
me, or documents by which I might exhibit to your lordships, the
continued series of circumstances from the commencement of the
struggle. I may, therefore, be incorrect as to dates, but, as far as l
am aware, the main argument will remain undisputed. Immediately
after the victory of Navarino, he had heard that the Confederat•s
bad proposed to proceed immediately to the blockade of the Dar-
danelles. lam not aware of this from any documents, but only
from the public papers t and as far as I can ascertain em these
and private information, I believed that the British Admiral urged
the propriety of such a measure. The Russian Admiral was equally
strenuous, and the French Admiral also gave his concurrence to com-
mence the blockade. But, instead of an energetic measure—instead
of taking this step for the purpose of inducing the Porte to yield to
threats and a display of determined exertion, we refused to concur
in such a measure, and sat by with idle hands, while we allowed the
Turks to butcher their devoted subjects as long as they chose. We
refused to blockade the Dardanelles. That important resolution:
originated with us, and we thereby prevented, by such con-
duct, the completion of the measure which we pretended to have in
view . • for, there can be no doubt that, had the English and Russian
fleets blockaded the Dardanelles, we s`vuld have the same comple-
tion of our hopes which has been accomplished by the Ruesions
alone, and that too without exhibiting the weakness and humiliation
of the Turks, which the recent victories of the Russians have made
so manifest. I feel less than others for the fate of the Turks ; but
still i must agree with a noble lord who spoke on the subject some
nights ago, that the manner in which the ale& has been conducted
throughout, and the manner particularly in which it has temiinatt d,
is unfortunate for this country. Russia has thereby felt ha power,
and seen the impression which she can make by her own exertion ;
and had the affair been terminated by the united efforts tithe allied
powers, we should not have displayed to her, as we did by our fu-
ture conduct, that feeling of jealousy and that dread of her ambition
which are now so manifest; nor should we have held out to her in-
ducements to engage in such arduous and difficult tasks. From -the
cold damp which had been thrown on the whole affair by the lan.
of the government, and the damp of the atmosphere which
garage
prevailed ever since the signing of the treaty of the oth of
July, he was forcibly reminded of the hackneyed passage from
Virgil
Es illo retro Sure et sublapsa Wart
Hera Dansitm.
Such treaty bed excited the sympathy of the other confederates, and
in consequence it was proposed to lend than money; but the noble
duke said no, because he did not think it was for the interest of this
country or the other confederates to lend money to the Greeks. The
pasha was consequently left in full power, and but tor son:e other
measures the Greeks must have been destroyed. The confederates
said again, if you will not send money, we will. No, said our is-
Tegument, there was no agreement of that kind in the bond, and, atter
a good deal of such blustering, concluded by saying that we were to
act altogether and not separately, wad consequently that Russia and
France could not lend money unless England lent money too. Now,
I must say, that though no such agreement had been recognised in
the treaty—l mean the liberty of one power to contribute money in.
dependent of the others the result of such conduct has placed this
country in a harsh situation, the country to which the Greeks bad
been emphatically looking up to as the one the most likely dthe
three to rescue them from slavery. The other two powers were
willing, but England, to whom they had looked for suppett, not
only refused to lend mosey, but also prevented others from doing so.
Perhaps there had been no instance of such vacillation—pahaps no
instrument of music ever produced such a variety of tones as had-been
produced by his Majesty's ministers on the subject of Greece. They
have gone through. I forget the term, the diapason—(gatinnut said
a_noble lord)—they have gone through the whole ganuuut In speak. '
brig on the affairs of the east. But, say the coniederates, the cue is
so unjust, we wW send troops. No, said the noble duke, that does tor
suit our views. The French disapproved of this, they sent (mops.
and this too, very likely, was contrary to the treaty.—(t• No no,"
from the Duke of Wellington.)-1 may be wrong ; but, fromi the
eagerness of the noble duke to correct me on this point,and his mime
on every other, I may conclude that 1 have fairly stated the eircain.
stances of the case. I am not connected with any party, and take
my general information from the newspapers and front living in
tolerably good society. From these alone I have endeavoured to
draw an outline of these transactions. Well, the French troops are
sent, and on their arrival, the same commander entered into a treaty
with the Pacha of Egypt for the evacuation ut' the Mores. lie
would not say that the one event was a consequence of the other ;
but on that act being agteed to, and almost before the ink sag dry,
the gallant admiral was superseded in his command. After the r.'-
treat of the Egyptian troops from the Mores, the French caw.
wander ropor.ed to march to A tLens and resew that city, as wet( es
other parts of Greece, from the don't bun of the 1 arks. This, boa -
ever, did not tub the views of our government. A cue.n.unicatt ti
was, therefore, made to Paris, and irons Paris, oo the remenstraurts
of this country, a merge was sent to the general directing him
not to proceed upon A We will not say whether this as
right or wrong; but, certainly, it was the must clic:eat way. of
withering the fruicibof the battle of Navarino; and the direct wt..
jai which it had accomplished was that of estrangiiigthe essiuda
of the Greeks from this country. At last the salient admiral was
recalled, arid this act alone, independent of the - misconduct
in the whole affair, had a most pernicious effect on this new
European state. Had this country e: caungtel the hopes of the
_ ._ . .
Greeks, h

. . -
• .
• - . .
' • - • -7-' *-Y.`' . .
- •‘
THE COURT JOURNAL. 14.•••• my :ic
. a----.----.41 1:&
ihen thew
The Pubiklaer beg; to remind thews who desire to onantimee •lir-7-`• " !:. 1 juity's go
Tomo me roarieessen with the sew rzes, that, unless their sr- . -.7" - . ..t...
~ )'' - ,s6l- •y• . \,...,.....,
.- • -
It tain held 1
1 fibs hebadstoiFelit
. . .
Orden are given immediately to their respective newsmen or book- s• •
••1 : 4",‘ •• -
-'. .., •• - -4 , e - \\-- .
:,..-4,4. .
1
sellers, he cannot ensure their being supplied—as only a moderate ' , 0. 1"---•, -
---"
-1-- - t.-. - . ".',---!-• a pasty to ti
quantity of copies, exceeding the actual number subscribed for,.
„. i
..) I.) i,
.. .._ -
have been printed. ' " - '
- 'NZ. • the three pc
Tux ATTOMOX of the Pogue, and tithe Feasseetama Weans • • what be bat
in particular, is respectfully invited towards this new aid poplar , ' \'`..' • say that he
„-----......
'Weekly Journal, which presents itself as the companioning merelythe llitelitte
of the Dilemma Room and the Boucot% but of the Ilhatitran • %.4*•-•'" --'7,:, 014 VITT t 7 Zeolir.
TB% , iblo =ate a itt . gyve ut a 0
TAIILI and. the &nor. •• ' 1 long carri.d
The oecuperions, engagements, and amusements of the nigher • - tedunent at
Chung( Society bad long required a record ; and they band it to - , tr,*pecir tiu
. .•
the Coos: Jams. The public and private halts at a royal • e. . • if then cu
and noble life, those habits which give the tow to manners - it might hi
- throughout tbe empire, are here depicted with 2 freshness and Ile•• xTO„ 10 Q 111.17 .•
• .'t .
SATURDAY E iF : 1 11 FEB. at' 1930. dillirent, I
PRICE 7D. heart, as n curacy hitherto unatteurpted, but, I. addition to thew leading and 11 1 cato-ai • . 4•. . f
peculiar features, it supplies information on every topic Af pawing
.... _
latereet, thus rendering it a Weekly Newspaper, of we entirely : - vest admit
ow, tariff= and vacuous menial. Y •
at the Onteill .: • thereto been the itarnanient and the emtw:l2. But, net. ina,ndet•-4, i. h
Feb- 26, at twelve, end March 26. at eleven,
The Cenin•JOINUIAL istiablisbed every SATURDAY MORN- Commissioners. Attorney, Mr.Willissilloant-sparee • 7 • ~•g the sorplas and J then Mt ____,""Y ', i,”'
ING, on a handsome sheet of Sixteen Quarto Pages, ounidning 48 Lawrence Higley and John Higley, From" SelWood. Seaseitite •.. Fiat, yetis very Role sedfmniendliar toyotiletTmlnd allayed these. •""ilm‘c" "
-columns, and (unlike ether literary Journals) the whehrldtpression ewe, elib.tkcentstera, Feb. 0.26. and March 88. at dom. -i ii.. ibufpointment ad myna were lelegt allayed by more eL!, °Z'Lw
being stamped, subscribers may receive and transmit It to their the George Inn, Fame Selwood. Attorneys. Mr. '
..-- t 7.,, ••• • sad I tat pow popeed to wens& that. aldisegh by ' ''''''
mead. Not
Mend., roaryou vans. throughout all parts of the kingdom. Veruktn-belidip. Greys Inn, London ;or Mr. 0. 7,*4 •
heir how heat dehmeiVilellopihattlelay ve lionsaimeppoe.
Published for MOIST Cottons, by W. Thomas, at the OMee,l9, ter, Rome. • m 5. t ' Femme& whkb any hid is the Old eatdemest Sod padii- " t PIN
• Catherine Street, Strand. Moses Geoid, Swindon, Wiltshire, builder, Feb. 18, 19, and . /-4 t'' of that country ;...a, esokonegs wee good in tour via
.1.„ katdadjuri f: Bi. ,
.• Orden are received by all Booksellers, Neweenden, and 18, at eleven, at the *Minn, Swindon. Attosweys. Mt. ,-- ~., i ' odwastnierata to the Wen n' of regisrill, to .............e hie ,_
Clerks of the Reads. . Swindoa; and,kiters. Messina and Pringle, King's , . -0 .. maw, than lf it had bus easmiimi beton the meeting w nave
,Tra
t* t., . . And why, my kpdst Reeetests. seems of that e_AzPul'' w`tl Private Communkstions far the Editor may be girt to No. a. Bedford • -:'• •• • ne
David , ; , , shoomfee, pie. es, se. sad .. , 1.2 ~ it swine to me that we have an et clunking wra; = . New Burlington Street. 1,
nonathuthsed mode, which has boo go asi.eto ti , or 6
( . at • • A., ;.. •• .ion Imo, Brbtel. A 77, .
• --1 •- • •••• a.„IM •RDRUhIATISM; SPRAltar • --.. • ••••• • •''' -Ted Liao-square ; and hi :" • ilainlag whatme the sentimenis of this home with :apse se mea. `41411._ ~ witt
--,•• •••••:.K., • ~.... • : •• to contemplation. I say, my leg* It seeds us as oppertu. "" '''
E • •• C JEPUT OPODELDGC.— ' put .• •• • . grist&
w Oil, which Is the bash of this Opodeldoe, bss long ' • • r and Thum CW1212624 A1121212k:52.6 'TWO* j • 0 and • .• .• •t an opponuely. of glowing what le the view Crisdiewil
Matils 2.10. and SS, at' shun, at the : • ~5. ... ••-., on the sub and what should be daps to laid to
esteemed on tie Continent, as a remedy fie Chronic • lens,
=bay Berwick opt, Tweed. kesiumrs. Mr. , .„„ "111011118 and of nest awry. It is with tide 6••7 which
•,,•
hodic Merinos, Chilblains, Palsy, Stiffeem. ' Ifibwrt-
'. went of the Joints, Spr , auttl)pfnees; 'and the BeurilikVi_3___--Tag.d. ; .11!..• 161.1111...• •- . —74•*-r.......1441!"...—i1f•--: " ' • fißem'oppeetunficiird"ll, isr.cl"ll4l4to urgtl"your `claspinireiths,--1414110 adinen!Pliatts ZZill'itwlthi
*opulence of lon jorporrime Wool! at .
eves. coiddre. victualler. mud, 1,3, his majesty's advisers upon vain are the principle upon which matt. The
moil eminent et tie profession, actuated by
.- -, •• .. . ift . ....A-1-- .2 2 .1... e- -A slid 1116_ ht one_ at the Clirensies.buildlnes. Liverpool. Attar. that settlement should be concluded ; and the observation*
. . . .

W swum, (toes ettuntm, as a comma it aces, strum erns jusg, n. CANUpian WNW matt um unitary s: camases we tropes of to
BANKRUPTS.
Frederick Hacker, Hadlow.street, Burton-crescent. builder, to ..‘,Then..
anobthie.nnlarq,....Ualsinno.
session
moved that the peers forming the tom- ciples of policy, it then follows that such proposition would love Greeks, had she used at all in consistence with the predilection
surrender Feb.l9, at two, March 2, at eleven, and 28, at two, ~-.,,,a,, ri,,,---threcom-'
at the Court of Coanninloners. Attorney, Mr. R. C. Smith, wordy that m0ti,;;;",,,-- -,,, tilletwitteepubtesnratvcarivetica, majesty's ministers to adopt them. Severe though they may be, the oppressed, England would hate been looked up to with feel.
Walbrook. unpalatable as they may taste, they are like good- boys,,who, when lugs of geatitude and di light. lam afraid, however, that the remit
k
John Wood Whitehead, Pleasant-row Battle-6,M... linen draper. The Duke of WELLINGTON offered no objection whatever to compelled, will take phyriie. I maintain, my ior&, that ii you has been very different, and that the treaty of Adrianopk will ha t
Feh. 19.11 two, 26, at three '
, and March 26, at two, at the Court the roappointmart of the committee of the last session, but, on- adopt my resolution the ministers will change that line of foreign looked upon by the Greeks rather as a concession thao a grant to a
i
of Commissioners. Attorneys, Messrs. Burr a and Meld, King- the contrary, considered, as'
the inquiry had not concluded, it was policy with respect to Greece which they have hitherto followed. great and powerful people. While I thus express try eistrust of
nr., Cheapside. but justice to hear what furthei evidence could be adduced. For his One part of my proposition is to prove that some use or advantage his Majeaty's Government, lam bound, at mune, to %how that the
4,
own nart be declared his Intention of devoting as much time as he will flow frotn its adoption, and I say that your lordships' omission distrust is founded an just- reasons; and suck, I trust, 1 h-re leo-
Menus Wise, Coleshill-street, Hanover-square. victualler, F is
e • multi- - s to the duties which devolved upon him ass monkr of of adopting it may subject this country to great inconvenience. doted to the house. One word, however, regarding Tutety. I ut.tty . .
39, March 2, at three, and 26, at two, at the Court of Commis-
that committee. There is a passage in a document in relation to foreign affairs which say, as was said by a noble lord on moving the address tothe (stoat'.
sioners. Attorney, Mr. Willis, Sloane-square, Chelsea.• •
Horatio Rodd, Regent's Quadrant, Piccadilly, dealer in curiosities, In reply to an observation made by the noble marquis, respecting showed the necessity of the propriety of Inigusac to be used. This I have no love for the lurks. but I bawl a love for soul troth and
Feb. 16, had passed barn enthe noble duke and leads me naturally to the grounds of distrust with respect to the con- faits dealing ;and if Great Br•tain has acted either aa a hollow trund
some communications which
at twelve. 23, at ten, and March 28, at eleven, at the the corporation of Laudon duct of ministers in all metiers relating to foreign affairs. I can. or shown any thing like pusillanimity in the contest between 'ter.
t 3 Court of Commissioners. Attorney. Mr. E. Pritchard, Rows The Duke of WELLINGTON assured the noble marquis that not help thinking, my lords, that whatever may be the pacification key and Russia I say it becomes paths:neat to-watch the 'dismiss • 's
nd-street, Fitxrny-square.
I '
John Snow, Worcester, scrivener, Feb. 19, at twelve. 26, at elm, the communication was totally unconnected with the object of the and final government of Greece. .if it be such as every wise sod tration, and direct its measures in such a way as to rescue the
awl March 2 elepetition which had been just presented. good man wishes, which I hope it may-it it be such as is country from such a reproach. I must recall to the noble Woks
to 41' at
- -ye"' at tbe Court of Cummitelesneta• At- After a few words from the Marquis of Lott DONDEaRY, the best calculated to enhance the interests of that country, memory, thst the first wavier!) in which he took his seat as Foreign 4
tees, Mr. A. Townsend, Smith-square, Gray's Inn. petition was referred to the committee. and conducive to the honour of the crown and the advan. Secretary, the government advised his Majesty to .. ae, in his "sub •
Jan Robins, bry.lane, Newgate-street; publisher, Feb. 18, at On the motion of Lord WHARNCLIFFE, the evidence tage of this country-even if it be such now, I contend, and to Parliament, that Turkey was our ancient ally, sod that we
twelve, Feb. 23, at ten, and March 26, at eleven,: at the Court alluded to by the noble marquis was likewise referred to the it is demonstrable in argument-nay more, even to all corn. were bound not only to-protect her, but that hcr existence as an It
„Lei Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. H. Evans, Gray's Inn-square. committee. . '
mon observers-that government might have made a more independent state was neceseary and essionial to the balance . .
slows Creed and Thomas Keen, Fore-street, Crlpplegate, be- THADZ WITH INDIA AND CHINA. advantageous arrangement, with leer risk to the pacification of Ea- of power in Enrolte•-anl not only Ike 021411Inet as an empire,
berdaiher, Feb. 16, 26, at ten, and March 20, at eleven at the •
Leal CALTHORPE moved that the petitions on the subject of rope ; and that period, my lords, was immediately after the glorious but her power to defend herselt against any foreign snack.- •• '
Court of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. Davies, Drionshire- the ettnewal of me East India trade be referred to the select commit- victory of Navarino- (Hear, hear,) and before the rupture with Statements to this erect were repeated towards the close of the !
r_t.tl'ire, Bishopsgate-street. tee appointed by their lordships foe inquiring into the East India Turkey on the part of Russia-before the advantages gained by the 'ion, by the noble duke and by the foreign esCettara, ebN by ilke •-• Joke Macintosh, Jewin-street, sailmaker, Feb. 16, 28, at twelve, and chins trade,-Agreed to. Russians in Rumba and Bulgaria, when the three powers were by; was in the hsbit of calling Turksyema abletial ally. I MIA* • . .
and Match 28, at ten, at the Court of 'Commissioners. Attor- anited in obtaining that conquest which 1 have named. I repeat, aware on what historical facts the nobler wrismites out this 4.00 • IiTTLIMENT OF CHLEict. •
„I.l_e_fa Messrs. Blunt and Co. Liverpool-street, Broad-street. ' The order of the day having been read for taking into considers- my lords, that before the successes of the Russians in Bulged& and alliance, and think that he must have dierovestsd it not in histligys. . , 1
''''to. Dickson, Cooper's
-row, Tower-bin, wine merchant, Feb. 19, don the motion of Lord Holland, relating to the pacification and Rumens happened was the time when IN settlement of Greece ' but in the archives of some antiquarian cockle over whit* he itre . 1
...iitoallyMs7ch
26, at twelve. at the Court of Cotrunisdoners. final settlement of Greece, of which his lordship gave notice on should have been effected-411w, hear.). For the purpose of prodded; for this alliance never existel more Aso Yr.') years- lei I r
Messrs. Hodgson and Button, Salisbury-street, Monday last, proving this-nay, it scarcely requires proof, for I frankly state that Roller, and that only about 20 years ago. . If, hoWever, her infies. •
Strand.
Willi... DA Lord HOLLAND rose, and spoke to the following effects-My the Loath of this assertion is palpable, it comes home to the bosoio once was so nemesia, to the sears of Knows, spa if this hilleeteco , '
--• Edwards, Woodchester, Gloucestershire, baker, Feb. 19, Ueda, I was, I confess, inted, as well as surpri.ed, on the 0( every man I beg your lotdships W look at the condition in had been diminished by the vielery of the Russians,. was it Mt Os
26
~,and March 26, at eleven, at the Court of Contdssioners. first day of the session of pat t, to hear from the epeeeb from which the government were placed on that enemetable day, when the duly of this gnveroment ta apple suck dinduntien? He did Mel
'money,Word, Charles-street, Coventegarden. the crown that the padion and final settlemeat of Oresee Were noble duke appeared in this house as the Ilan kind of the treasury_ I as) that such an interferon* was necessary i bat whe make the ties; iabo mil, 1,.
%
''"wry, Vallabill-bridge-teed, carpenter, Feb. 10, amass .
.not in a state to enable his majesty a ministers to lay the papers vs. foe I cease I prefer that designation of else noble duke, probably . dandle, If they was net deiesealasd to set try to It P It bad bee
. 1
. .
0
• • ... "
1 . -
. • • • . . . .
• .
. .
..
. i -• _ - - - . --••-- - - . ..• t ..,"
, .. .
_ _. ~ . • • , ._.
. . . . . .
, ,-- •,-,.. • • ..._
. • -._ _....., ..."....„---
• -
