! '7
fbailttd to leave. Madrid. and that dials hsh
sailor had ofFe'red to wreaking with%.*ECtivort.
hive no aciounts later *an the 34.. f.
. !t!imAßlna 114 Wilt eciolVlC P. M. •
ge The French Ministry, whoa founded their hopes
of finding.ir pretext-for aveielirirtiteLeiar,
siering it unneceseary by the intrigues carried on at
Madrid, have, ti F ibe lirsurriyalsfrarn Spain, sur-
rendered all such expectations, and .have resolved to
comtioce hostilities as speedily and ae vigorously as
possible. Orders have accordinglrbeen transmitted
to General Guilleminot, the Chief of the Etat-Major,
to place everything in readiness for active operaticni.
The attack will be made on the side of Biscay, and
the Spanish territory will be entered between the Ist
and the sth of April.
" The Duke of Angouleme certainly sets out on
Saturday for the army, and his arrival_on the frontier
will be the signal of invasion. The French expect an
easy victory, from the divisions of the kingdom and
the distractions of the Capital."
hiARCH 13, HALF-PAST TWO.

• , ;141 7

The people of the Stock Exchange, at least, seem
now to believe a little more in war. The Funds now are
.at 76f. 90c. money, and 761. 80c. for time bargains."

Futroi 63.1 WEDVESDAY.—Five per Cents. opened at 78f. 10c.
fell tb 77f. 80c. and closed at 78f. Aftes the bourse a decline to
77f. 40c. took place.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 14.

Mr. AlasoN presented monthly Returns frotn the India House,
which were laid on the table.
Dlr. Romance, and other, Members from the House of Com-
mons, brought up the Assessed Taxes Reduction Bill, theirish
Arms Bill, end Severn .Bridgcliill, which were read a first time.
The Earl of LI NIER PCK presented a Petition from Daniel
Bairett, Esq. Clerk of the Crown for the County. of Limerick,
complaining of the operation of the late Act of Parliament,
which- reduced the fees and emoluments of his, office. The. Peti-
tioner stated that the compensation he now receives is inade-
quate. No allowance was made for Special Commissions, and
adjoinned Assizes. The emoluments on. the whole were so
much reduced, that the office, which was Of importance in the
administration of criminal justice, could not be properly .enecuted.
The Petitioner concluded by praying ,the House. to take his ease
into consideration. The Petition was read, and laid on the table.
Lord CA LTHORPE presented a Petition from the Rev.
William Burgess, a Commissary and Vicar-General in the
County of Essex, praying that the peculiarities of which he had
been deprired by the New Marriage Act May be prOuidedfor
hi some future law.—The Petition was read, and referred to the
Committee on the Marriage Law.
The Earl of DARN LEY said, he held in hie hand a Petition
from the Bankers, Merchants,and Manufacturers. of Wakeiiilkl.
against the Insolvent Debtors' Act. The Noble Earl addressed
a few observations to the Noble and Learned Lord-en the Wool-
sack, expressing a hope that his Lordship was not Altaic to the
Amendment of the Act.
The LORD CHANCELLOR-said it would be In the roes&
leetion of the House, that the Act for relief of InsolvetirDebleei
was brought in by a Noble and Learned Lord (Redesdale), net
then in his place. It was not his intention on that occasion to
discuss the merits of the Act ; he should Only say, that the Noble
and Learned Lord, in a private conversation, bad told him It
was a good Bill when it came into that House, but the improve-
ments made elsewhere had destroyed the effect the Bill was ori-
gin:illy intended,to prpduce.
'he Earl of LIMERICK said he was glad the subject was
likely to come under ibe consideration of the House. The la.
solvent Debtors' Act hacCeerntinly done Incalculable mischief #
Ireland.•aThe Petition wilt theniaid on the table.—The .Hotta
adjourned to Monday.
•
'HOUSE OF COMMONS. •
Mr. MASON presented Papers from the East India Home,
containing the Resolutions Of the Court of Directors relative to
the granting of Pensions.
Mr. L. KECK presented a Petition from Sparldirw, Lei-
cestershire, againsrthe-Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts.—
&faired to' the. Committee.
• Mr. BARRY preeents4 a_Petition from Yorb against the In-
solvent Debtors' Act.—Orel,i9 be ittnttati•
• Mr. DUN DAS ptestated a IPetidOn, from Leith, . praying
modification of the Tax on Apprentimso—Laid on the table.
Lord RIIRINGTON 'resell* a Petition from .a town in
Devonshire., against the coal' Duties.—Laid on the table.
Mr. BEAU MONT preaented a Petition front Durham against
. some parts of the General Turnpike Act. The Petition war
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TW ISS brought in a Bill for appointitlg Assessors to re:
inlet* the Proceedings it. Elections. The Bill was read a first
' time, ordered for a second reading on Monday, and to be printhrg
Sir. J. 'MACKINTOSH' rose to give noticithit he sboug
upon the earliest possible' occasion after the recess, bring fiseL
Willird a motion upon the subject 9f the Criminal Law, pursuane
to the Resolution of the House of last year. The eartimt
he found open was the 13th of May, and he savi noVer
.
day accordingly. -
Mr. WA RitE moved for Returns of the number drelagos lel
Eogland where there were Courts of Local Jurisdiction the *
administration of Criminal Justice ; stating the number of See-
sion; held in a year, and the number of persons cotreicted i to-
gether with a statement of their offences, since the year HMO, '
Sir T.. AKLAND gave notice, that. on...Mondarifttrt_
Hon. Friend. the Member. for &amber (Mr. • Wilbet'forl4.
would. preient a Petition from a large body of clunhern. **it
abolition of slavery in all parts of Abe British dominions.
The Irish Grand Jury Presenttnent Was read a ieened
time, after a few obseivations front Sir Jon)! Nrwroavi Mr. C.
Hulcumsos, Mr. S. Rica, and air: *Dawson, and was commit-
ted for Monday.
On the motion of Mr. ;Pilaf., '.the Prisoners Regulation
pip
was read a second time, and committed for Monday.
Dr. LUSHINGTON gave. notice, that 911 Tlesday se'ttniOt
he should submit to thelfoose a motion on the subject of FM /e.
• On the motion of Mr. PLutccre,a Committee was iptrOtOted"to
inquire into the state of the Local Taxation of the City of Dirbilm
A Message from the Lords here annotincelt,their
assent to "several gills.
Sir ROBERT WILSON presented a Petition from
ry certain,
Inhabitants John, Southwark, praylnglor a to.ficili-
tate the lieCoye of Small Debts.rrfteferred to' the Committee
on Small Deb'll.

• • -
KING S PROPERTY BILL. •
The iIiTTORNEY.IGENERAL moved the Order of the
Daylor the Houie going into a Committee on this Bill.
)IKNNET said, that his recollection-failed him very
much, if he bad not heard the late 'Marquis of Londonderry
*ate, that his Maiesty bad presented the freehold of Brighton
Pavilion to the Public ; and his impression on thisglint was dm
stronger, inasmuch m he thought the .flight Hon. Member for
Knaresborough had observed in answer, that it was a most mu-
nificent present. If this were the cue, some notice of the eh--
entrusiettte might be necessary in diefreient Bill. While upon
rills be wished to ask the Bight onourabie Gentleman op-
? Mile whether the repairs. to. that alace had been paid from
time to tithe out Of the Civil List, or oat of the Privy Purse ? if
Ithe.bripes, the Palace, so•far-is those repairs were concerned, ,
yer,pohlic property, and the King ho more right to disposej
of k rkoklao had to dispose of Windsor Castle, or any other Pa—
lace which he inherited in right p(iiii CrOwn.
-Mr. Secretary PPM way convinced the lion. Member must
have labciured under a niistalie when he imagined that his late
lam,ented friend, the Marquis of Londonderry, had. made any'
state:neat rEslkctitig the Pavillon to the elect mentioned by:the
floe. Gentlemen. Sikh *immure as that allured to-was never
in the contemplation of his .Majesty, though he had, most
-rally, presented. to the Adak .the 'library . of his late Royal
Father. There could be no doubt that all. progeny iahetrited by'
his Majesty; in right of .his Crown; was .poblie property: but
.the object:of the present Bill was merely to ettable,lsim t 4 dire
pose of the real property which:belonged to him wittpiXe.otas a
subject. • With regard to the gni-intim of the 1i0n...4441mi, re-
,'petting the repairs, be was net, at tliat niumatti
.pitaired to
glee a podtive Ammer; but be appiebended Bill the txpeixie of
them was defrayed out of the Privy Purse.
Mr. BENNET explained; and the House went into a Cotu.
mittee. In the Committee,
Mr. BENNET said, be presumed there would be no object

. • ,t
las- *sum-5, if any, had ls Majesty dismissed them from his s.ervic. -Serelnt
reasintrittilaTtribrrioney. , • 1 r'tbey had done wrong in bringing charAes-against-t:
eye" ~ toeir
ARE said, that ad re nett,- the evidence ' ' Colonel which they could not- substaat aft, the 'r
40,011mrofttee.on the
_( Osf, fir,woold be found Mat .
in theirttirip. of4ht_t? have been- per on their Mal '
4. cogeiterable items, feffuinithre ',Wed at the Paviliots,
4re cheated M the late Lord Hertford.'{ accounts, and•defrayed 1 and heard in the r defence. The case; 'however, did -•
out of tha QviUAst. . pot step here ;forthe letter went on tristatehis.blafr N.
jesty's dliaiaProu'ition in Other • respects, and Itsenwf;
haciMbreen. Secrepaidtaryouryill.obeivservedit
us;•tfterrfeunzatunroe,dbountltthtehaptrseusemnit
added. .that his Majesty had been pleased to diseitits-'':
13ill was confined to else disposal of real property.
After if few words from Nlr. Banta,' Mr. Scantarr, and the :Mtn' igrarnin: W.; teirlee-- St; (hit lerellibili 1111ra—
Arroaxiv-Gamaaat; the HonseresuMed, and the Report was Irressipn Witt abtrirdlty united ; ;Acid inevery point.).
t . •
ordered to be received on- Monday. . vtevr;. the twozfold 'exercise of the *power:Moen.- ':
6 t A _A- ,L, j
. • . lig UTI NV BILL,--COURTS-MARTIAL.
Lord PALMERSTON moved the Oder of. the the infliction on an Officer, tried' by •uCtitirt.Mertial,- :
say for' the Houser:jilt; into a Committee on the 'of a punishment severer than that 'awarded by the --.
Mutiny bi11..-2.Dti the question' that the SPEAKfi ,Court. The next casetuirhich heshotild refer, was :
-
should leave t. tt
the Chair, .that of 'Sir Williaffilt-eirlier;sehd-Wid been!cdrivicted
...
Colonel DAVIES rose,, to mew that it be an in- of an Offence whitlitendefetthintliabie-ta be disitrii-
struction 'to the Committee to insert a clause in the sod, who was yet inffeied."te Mita% in. active cum=
Bill, to prevent' the dismissal of any Officer without uiand for a considerable perioskttud irreilltett'disthgatesi
the previous sentence :of a Court-Martial ;' and also without any further complaint being made against;
to prevent. the Infliction on any-Officer of. a greater him. The next case was that-of ath effscerof thi-phies.
punishment than that awarded by the sentence of a Sothe.diScussions had arisen, inlhecourse of Which
Court-Martial. His attention had been more closely one Of theofficers lampooned the rest; andffiey,lit re:
drawn to the subject by the case of the dismissil turn,-engaged with each' other that they would-avoid .
Of his Hottourafile and gallant Friend the Menibet hit society, and they also solemnly bound ffiemseives •
for Southwark, whose services were known not fo support each other in rejecting any'challengeonly to that House,' but to the country at large,. and which he might.send to eitheref,them. Some time,
whose military conduct bad, in fact, become inter- afterwards the officer in question' did clvallengu.enu
woven with the ptiblic events 'of Europe. On exa- of them, and the challenged consulted his brotHerofz
urination, he found. that there was no justification freers, who .repeated their engagement to support'hir
for the exercise of this power by the Crown, but that honour in the refusal, and, in consequence, the chal..
such exercise of it was in direct violation of the lenge Was refused. The challenger then posted the
terms and The spirit of the Mutiny-Act. In this other:as a coward ;and although there is, in the Ar:
Act, great care was observable throughout,- to guard tides 'of War, the most severe prohibition against
the liberties of the subject. It mentioned almost, duelling, and a Royal approbation and support 'of
every possible crime, and declared that all such the honour of him who shall refute a challenge, this
crimes should be punished by the sentence of a Court- 'officer, for refusing the challenge under the.circum-
Martial. Even mutiny, a crime of all others which otances he hadmentioned, was dismissed without a
required summary punishment, was declared to be .trial. 'The next base was that of Captain Isaac Cof-
punishable only by such a sentence; yet, accord 4 n, and it was one wherein the power was exercised
to ,the interpretation of the law given-by his Majesty s brinflietingi severer punishment than iliac awarded
Ministers, Officers, and those alone, were placed oiit liy.the.senterice of a Court Martial. Captain Coffin
of the protection of the Statute, and might, without: Svcs tried on a charge of presenting fal-e musters
trial or accusation, be stripped of rank, characto!, He was acquitted of wilfully presenting false mos-
honour, and • emolument ; and thus stigmatized and ters, but he was sentenced to be deprived, f the cam-
distressed, might be turned upon the world. This, !nand of his ship. The Adnairally, however, dis- -
he should endeavour to shew, was illegal. By the missed him from the service. He appealed to the it
35th 'section of the Mutiny Act, the Crown was en- Judges, and they unanimously decided that the dice'
abled to make Articles of War. The question then missal was illegal. In all these cases he wished to
was, who was to be the judge of The violation of be understood as distinctly stating, that it was not
those Articles? Not the King, surely; for that would the Sovereign personally whom he was charging
be to make the King legislator, accuser, and judge. with injustice.. His complaint was against the ad-
This must be admitted, according to the known and visers of the Crown. The next case Was that of his
acknnatleclged principles ofjustice; and this appeared honourable and gallant friend, the Member far
alto to be admitted by the Mutiny Act; for, by the Southwark, the circumstances of which were in the
37th section, it was declared, that in order to bring recollection of the House, and therefore it was unite-
to jiisttce..those who 'Should offend against the Ar- cessary to repeat them. Upon that case, however, he
ticles.nf Sur, his Majesty should have the power would say, that he did not believe there was one roan
of appointing Courts-Martial. Nothing could sheik in the -Hooke who would say, upon his honour, that •
more clearly that Courts-Martial were considered he believed Ministers had not acted upon false infix-
es the only means of punishment—(Hear, hear).— motion which had been given them ; and 'yet the
This was confirmed by the authority of Blackstone, House had, by a large majority, refused all. inquiry,
and that of all 'military writers of any note. He and had refused to call upon Ministers to state the
should not waste the time of the House by arguing grounds on which they had advised the dismissal of
that it was improper for the offices of accuser, judge, his honourable and 'gallant friend. Against the
and legislator to be united in the same person. The exercise of such a power he protested; because there
'House, by the course of its own proceedings, in cases was a legal constitutional mode of punishing mili-
of irtipeachment, decided' the question ; for, when 'the tary crimes, and because even mutiny was not punish.
House impeached, the accused was tried at the bar able but by that model, Many were the advantages
of the Upper House. He would here remark, Nat which the Crown possessed, 'even in the prosecution
he' was arguing and should proceed upon' the sup- of this constitutional mode of punishment. kit were
•, posed admission, that dismissal was a punishment. If suspected that a garrison was disaffected, and that
:it were not, his case of course fell to the ground; the officers of it were favourably inclined towards
•but al dismissal had never yet been denied to be a an accused, the Crown might order the trial to tato
severe, perhaps the severest punish ment •to an honour- place wherever it pleased. Not one of the privileges
able• mind, he should not trouble the House-with allowed to an accused by the Municipal Law was
any argument directed to that point. He found_ by allowed him on a Court-Martial. -In ordinary cases,
the Articles of War that the power of dismissal was an accused was allowed the right• of peremptory.
not claimed by the Crown. Those .Articles.enume- .challenge: here he was not allowed it, although die
rated the ;gravest offences, all indeed which it was :Court, which was appointed by the Crown, bad to
possible ,to conceive man capable Or committing.' decide the facts. In ordinary cases, a Jury mitt
even.the undefined and almost tincfefiliable offence o agree unanimously to convict; but here a majority
ungentlemanly conduct, and yet it provided that all 'was sufficient. In cases of life and -death, a major
these shouldbe 'tried by Courts. Martial. Nay, ther rity of nine out of.thirteen was requir ed ; but in every
Winton tUony, that all crimes, offences, and neglect( case not capital a bare majority was sufficient, anchas
not,...thellin (*fore enumerated, should be vied -.14, man might be sentenced to tcansportation upon Lire
',NUM- afill%imental Courts-Martial. ,After this, casting vote. -These alone were tremendous porous,.
he really thought himself justified in saying that the but -even these were not sufficient for the Advisersof -
power now assumed in the name of the Crown was the Crown, who punished without any trial at,alla.-..
an assumption of power beyond .that of Henry the It had been said, on the discussion an this subject... Wail;
Eighth. Though that King went so far as to declare year, that the members of a Court-Martial-might kV
that his there proclamations had the effect of laws, he fairly supposed to have a fellow-feeling towards their •
presided fin' the trial of those who should be charged eompanion in arms. •He - (Colonel ,Dasies,) tea*,
with a disobedience of them-...:they were to be tried however, that experience hod abundantly sbewnothat
before nine Privy Councillors. He trusted the House if there was any bias it was rather in favour of the
woad bear in mind the good old constitutional Crown, from which all military honour procimaledi
*him, theta' power given 'to the Crown was so rather than in favour of a friendless eccturnhe-.4
given, net to gratify caprice or arbitrary will, but to On the whole, he submitted that this was a mqstnoet
promote the general:good of the People. By a constitutional power, especially when it was coo*
Return made to the House, in consequence of a dered that it might have the effect of renderrittgAlle
motion ht had made for that purpose, he found Army too dependent on the Crown, and thuss:in
that, since the year 1795,. no less than 989 Officers some measure, separating the interests of the soldiers
had been dismissed his. Majesty's service without the from those of the People. To tolerate such:armee
previous sentence of a Court7Martial-'7-( Hear, hear).— would, be thought, be in that House a pnlitiatil.aus-
Here them were, at once, 989 cases of injustice— cite. He was aware it might be said, that autasaaTi
(Hear, hear, from the Ministerial Benches). He was in general, took part with the People against the •• g
entitled to call them, and should call them cases of King.' This was true to some extent; and was IF..
injuitice—Peers frnaz the Ministerial Benches)—He emplified in the army of King James 11. of Englilnd-
regarded not the cheers of the other side. What it a He apprehended, however, that religious feelings:had?
-Man had committed the most cruel assassination in had much influence upon the soldiery on that cocas-
the open face of day, and
.in the presence of a thou- sion ; and that if'those feelings had not been excited
sand Witnesies? What, in such a case, was done„by by the conduct of James, they would not hare joined
the laws of this country ? Was the assassin taken and the People against him. Honesty was the best poi
hung up at the next lamp-post? No, he was brought- licy, it would be found, both at home and abroad,
-to trial, and was even beard in his defence; and if he and he was convinced that to make the Army at al'
were not, injustice, would be committed upon him. a safe instrument, it was necessary to place it beyulad
Allowing then, for the sake of argument, that every the reach of this power. The Hon. Member .cogo-
one of these officers was guilty of the offence of which chided' by Moving— • • -.i
he was suspected, and on suspicion of which he was 4 that it be an instruction to the Committee to insert aZ1:1
dismissed, still was the case of every such officer a
lii the Idutiny'liill, providing against any Officer beingitial:...* '
be '
service but by sentence of a Court-Afartial • and..
' ' aga'
case of gross injustice He would 'now proteed to punfshtnetit bring awarded to any Officer, non-co
lay before the House a few of these 989 cases, and officer, or soldier, beyond that adjudged by a Court-Mar* •
he pledged his honour to the House that be could Lord PALMERSTON assured the Houte.that if'
_produce a hundred more than he shoulJ, the circuni- rising to state his reasons for objecting to the esaties
stances of which were not less strong than those of of the Honourable Member opposite, it was not.bil:
ahe.easei he should. notice. The first case was that intention to follow his example of referring to vying.
of the officers of the 88th Regiment. These officers authors of various times its support of what he.air
were eight in number, three Captains and fi've Lieu- vanced. If he could not adduce to the,House anang
.tenants. They had brought their commanding offs- gument sufficiently consistent to recommend itsdlf44l
er, .Colonel. Ross, to a Court-Martial, upon various 2,vould• not endeavourto bolster it up by quotihg.pag':
'charges, •and they proved but one of them, ancl• the sages frOrn authoriwho had probably token a pr..'
tlentence of the Court was, that in respect of the one view of the question. The reason which .he -
proved, he should be reprimanded. The letter of the offer to the 'House to reject' this motion was,
Judge Advocate stated that his Majesty confirmed was one which tended_ to abridge what had
the sentence ; but it also conveyed a stricture on the prerogative of the Crown from tire earliest periodssif
conduct of the prosecuting officers, and stated that English Monarchy, and which was necessary for.*

maintenance
head.
,The,
'wish tolike

.to itt-siplendc
-aton).would
ftpt a prerop
Abe Honoural
.04 pserogati
tll prerogativ
*rip). He a
Illat:4het•Prero
'earliest practi
rer.to the Stai
be riamd, tha
toga of Char
piitant gotert
iiie;.Wid and;
further
:rtvheees
was
rn
con idered
the matter, th
placing had I
Crown. If tl
wai the consts
(erred to, he w
year, which, i
the power to A
dismiss them.
cised thislrrerc
framing artid
ingly, in the
Second, articl
spewed the pc
appeased, inds
Whether the
Court-Martial
themselves des
the Crown cou'
If, then, it was
periods, they
to see if any
and if not, it si
occa.ion to ob
present that B
and elsewhere
Army, and t
leges. In his
gate the Crow

not possess b
which were n(
laW.•And, ind
to skew that
process of law
the Laws and
The Mutiny 11
to maintain a
nevershekss
was requisite t
, ing to more s[
law those who
of law. The
blish Courts-)
trial and punis
-Act did not A
It then went o
Articles of
tations, further
being adjudge
tain crimes sp

• had contended
nishment awat
Palmetvton) di
of dismissing
mein of service
own breast.
in the case qt
Crown was e
e
bsaid. that
In-tinny cases
ist4l, in piac
Was on the sid
said that the S
service since' A'
rood oppressio
that. he had 34
SO be injustice,
oppression in i

krot—thin
this day, nor
Lah 4)611i
g been
14 .WV4,

thtatigh Pa rl
power, shewii
111•404 by rthps4
Shilvanirso
tAldie dignity
to et

command of
•cia,ef trunk'
ttve loot iit,
Pr, .Ipu,st. '6
Coort-M artia

Agice of
~kg, of
din. 'read I

446" X 0 acts
PA4tsive *tight
Qom. :his vs
Men elle bit
b7tire who
year to par
arid their Ilan
suPPoIe the c:
-tiPt"Pf the ch
L'Aglaberproc.e
4 constaUs .;

the cobject of 11
4rtd
n which an.b
edecamoies 4
CIYALIitPi • • Mil
C aSiOnt .WOUM
Conn Martial

and. the Offic
that the civil
their rights vi
pertpinitinge
diked ,by *it
cationould s, the
lie w sus

were tremendous powers,. babe injustice,
fficient for the Advisersof • oppression in i
without any trial at:a11...:-• just assertion.
icussion on this subject's,* UtosAdis missed
a Court- NI a r tial • might bit isilue--thin w
ellow-feeling towards their this day, nor n
• (Colonel •Ltaviesj•foußd, - tagalg h toshei
od abundantly shewnsthat ^ having been ch
as rather in•favour of the , la MVO, a :4t
glitary Isoamar primed.% . 1 thibligh Parlt
F a friendless aceased.e— ,I
Power, ahewin,
command of a
I that this was a McOit *I /0.4111/14Sr fthsll4l
cially When it was conoi• ahatuaokroo ob
se effect of renderirig4i rlkeilignity 1
Wa•illustratett
the Crown, and thus,:iii , Le44:tuniito the
he interests of the soldiers
To tolerate such:a pow4r ~
hat House a guiliticui,tru- *ewe( Cratity
F.,-ht be said, that autasueYt ti" tot Plit, 1
1 the People against the Cler,„. 9 .MTt. refer
iome extent; and was IF- unat-Martial,
ing James IL of gnglaful. • PrAetice of con
that religious feelings.ltad ~kg, .ofeou
the soldiery on that ooca- (lair Woad be o
ings had not been cid* /114h1 feeder
ley would not hare' jobtei dtis•CllXO acts c
Honesty was the beat po? foa‘ite "eight I
th at home and abroad, c___44l4 r•ltis Not
to make the Army at lii • "'°,_ tht.the biltf
cessary to place it beyond .07 rose who.n
The Hun. Membei.cove- , Year to fear 1
. and their harm
be Committee to insert askof. " suPPale the cas
unit any Officer beipg44#4l# 119 0 the chi
Court-1114rtial,• Ina.ZArtorei
tale **be.
proctee
ally Officer, non-CO ft constae
kludged by a Coott-lfaxt* •I, .1..., • . am
assured the House.thetifr
.I._,''''''.llloge of hi
as. objecting to the asseialll • .r...,_,Amtp, tnet.g.
opposite, it was not hi.; lten.in. eh an blil
pie of referring to •. ": .' -•• Awceunies of
l support of what be. .laps..%Wil kiis
iduce to the,House anoint catina, -wout.4 s
nt to recommend itsdifeho C",".k.lartial:
I ster it up by quoting
spairs and the tkificer
I probably taken a partial :at the civil LA
reason whick •he nseamie alit rights viol
r this motion was, thatii riertrinfritiged •
abridge what hadisoirs
~..___ltted'hy those
-on] the earliest peiodsel c.,7luni, the else
rich was necessary for *a me would supp 4
. ,
4
