COLOMBIA.

From the Gaceta de Columbia.
BOGOTA, Manor 14.
We learn from an authentic quarter that the much hoisted con..
tributlon of Venezuela does not exceed 12,000 dollars (3,0001.)
although the rather harsh precaution of shutting up the subscribers
till eleven o'clock at night, without meat or drink, have been re-
sorted to. The same steps were adopted to produce signatures to
the Act of Separation transmitted to the Liberator.
The northern post informs us, that the whole garrison of Merida
has rebelled against its commanders, and that the soldiers have re.
turned home, because they would not serve against the Liberator.'
The province of Medina is therefore bare of troops.
The towns situated beyond the Tachira have refused to sign the 1
actagainst the government,and requested Oen. O'Leary to take them 1
under the protection of the Colombian troops.
Gen. Plango. the Governor of Maids, writes that the opinion
of the Venesuelians is in favour of the federal system, and that
Gen. Sucre will probably be appointed President of the State.
A commercial Consulate has been established at Carthagena. Its
jurisdiction is to extend to the departments of Boyne, Cunaina.
mares, Congas, Magdalena, and the Isthmus.
Congress has sanctioned several resolutions, declaring all the
elms-constitutional acts of the provinces as Illegal, null, and void,
being Dolma contrary to good order, and the fundamental law, than
to the solemn treaties Which unite the Colombian nation with the
different countries which have recognised her independence.
CABACCAS, Ann's. 1.
The cause of Pace may be considered as good amidst, and his pro-
jects frustrated. Every one Imo the obtained the act of sepa-
ration of Venezuela by odious The people did not accede
co
to It! and this step, the cm of which are so important,
been has only resolved upon bi f
few factious men, who knew how
to intimidate the weak and to extort their signatures.
A courier who arrived here announces that the troops sent from
Venezuela to Merida have mutinied against their oflicers, and
that some soldiers have duetted, refusing to serve against the
Liberator.
tt a issant when the presenes of Bolivar would be so
se
ie nocemary,
when all his activity eight be displayed, be is unfy
sto Asti dm all sable occupations, a severe indisposition
p The eardrea:reeringoerens.
metimem, ess, to discuss the constitution,
the bole whielt km We on for some time. The nation
eras indimothe wive! All discreet permits have coo.
ceivel thebastlegm, imi it will rally all kinds of opinions.

1,0N1)(IN.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2.

TO CORRESPONDENTS. '

We fear Mr. JANES'S valuable communication, relative to
"Mr. Hobhouse's Vestry Bill," is an advertisement. We should
like to hear from him on the subject.

THE KING.

'• WINDSOR CASTLE, Juxx 2, 1830.

" The K;wo has slept well last night. His MA] 'STY
continues to be embarrassed in his respiration occasionally.
4• HENRY HALFORD.
4• MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

(Signed)

Important as it is, in every point of view, it was not
our intention to have reverted to the subject of Greece
to-day, but for an article that has appeared in the Times
of this morning, and which bears all the marks of demi -
official authority. We perfectly agree with the writer,
that the people of Greece had no sympathies in
common with CAPODISTRIAS, until very recently,
when the unfortunate result of the protocols
threw them, as it were, into the necessity of making him
their mediator both with the Cabinets and Prince LEO-
POLD. The very circumstance of the Provisional
President having been so closely connected with
Russia, has made him an object of constant jea-
lousy to the Greeks ; and were it not for the re-
stricted limits, their hatred and jealousy would still
remain undiminished. With respect to the Senate, it
cannot be denied that several of this body are among the
creatures of the Count, and warmly devoted to Russian

interests ; but there are some who have always
figured in what is called the English party. SEssix 1,
the President, is one of those who urgedlthe application,
made with regard to Prince LEOPOLD in 1825. ENIAN,
a native of Patragik, alluded to in one of the despatches
we published on Monday, is a very enlightened man, ,
and a warm admirer of this country. There is, in
fact, no doubt whatever, and we would fain press
this point on the attention of Government, that if
CAPODISTRIAS ever becomes popular in Greece, it
will arise from the defective nature of those nego-
ciations, which have left so large a portion of the
confederacy a prey to Turkish rapacity and oppression.
It would afford us infinite satisfaction, if we could say,
with the writer in the Times, that the " season for in-
trigue is past." Nothing can be more fallacious than
this hope. So long as the people of Western Greece,
Candle, and Samos, are threatened with a return of the
Turkish yoke, so long will intrigue• have unlimited sway.
What we more particularly insist on is, the utter impossi-
bility of pacifying the country generally, until the boundary
is extended to the line so strenuously urged in the memoir
of the Senate. This is, we maintain, a sine qua non
for the pacification of Greece.
We quite agree with the writer, and we have long la-
boured to prove the fact, that Greece possesses all the
elements of becoming " a great and noble country."—
This, however, cannot be the case, unless she be not
merely furnished with a defensible frontier, but amply
guaranteed by by the Allies. Of territory there is a
superabundance; but what is the use of this, if the inhabi-
tants are to be constantly exposed to the aggression of
their old masters ?

Having so repeatedly, within the last twelve months,
called the attention of Ministers to the very points now
in discussion, we have, really, scarcely anything new to
say on the subject. When, however, there are such high
interests at stake, we cannot avoid recurring to it, when
opinions are put forth which we consider as erroneous.
Such are the motives for offering the foregoing remarks.
We have always treated this matter without the smallest
reference to party foaling : it is a question of national

importance, and as such deserves to be kept before the
public.

Referring to the concluding paragraph, we think with
the writer, that it would be a " disgrace and mortifica-
tion to Great Britain if Greece were to be flung back
into the arms of CAPODIWI'MAS." Let us hope tint
this is the sentiment of Ministers, and that, as the article
pretty clearly indicates, they have already taken measures
fir supplying a new Sovereign to that unhappy count y.
It' we have bcr, re ti;;:•«! the Li.cc,sity of losing no time,
it arose fr. in v. I.m.m cf the miserable condition to
which the whole country has been reduced by the war,
and a consequent conviction that this must continue till
the establishment of a permanent government. The
last sentence gives such an earnest of generous in-
tentions on the part of the allies, that we cannot deny
ourselves the pleasure of giving it a place here:

" The Governments of Englar.d, of France, and Russia, ate
waited in fulfilling the high duty which they have undertaken on
behalf of this fine people and this illustrious region; nor will they
relax their upright co-operation until they have raised both to the
rank from which a brutal tyranny and a deplorable destiny bad de.,
graded them."

We shall only add, GOD grant that the delightful
prospect thus held out may be fully realized !

A li,t of the minority of 117 Members of the House
of Commons who voted for Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S
motion for Parliamentary Reform, is given in another part
of our Paper. It is important, not only on account of
its numerical strength, but also of its quality, distin-
guished as it is by talent and a spirit of independence.
It is very true, we do not find in its ranks Mr. CA LCRAFT,
Sir JAMES SCAELETT, and some other sorry Whigs who
had not virtue enough to resist the temptations of office ;
but their desertion is of little consequence in such a host,
displaying as it does the main body of the old Opposition
—the RUSSELLS, the CAV EN DlsnEs, and other great
family connections, celebrated for their defence of the
rights and liberties of the country. We also find that
the number of Peers and Commoners immediately con-
nected with Ireland, who lately signed the Resolutions
against the new Spirit and Stamp Duties, amounts to
83, containing many individuals of the first rank and
property in the United Kingdom. It is with these strong
facts staring hini in the face,—it is with these most por-
tentous appearances—a Treasury Journal has ventured to
assert that it is impossible to organize an opposition to
the Duke of WELLINGTON'S Administration, or that
such an opposition could stand. Whether the writer had
in his view

Thou pagod things of sabre stray,
With front of brass and feet of clay,

and founded upon them his belief in the invincibility of
his idol, we cannot say, but we acknowledge we cannot
discover any other ground of his faith. The noble
Duke has been no stranger to opposition, disaster, and
defeat, since he came into office. There is not one
point in his foreign policy that has given general satis-
faction, as may be seen in the Parliamentary Debates
respecting Turkey, Portugal, and Greece. In his do-
mestic policy he has not been more fortunate: A lofty and
high-spirited Minister, when he found himself over-
powered on the Catholic question, would have resigned ;
the noble Duke changed his principles and kept his place.
When the cry of distress lately assailed him from every
part of the country, instead of supplying palliative or
remedy, the people were referred by him to time for a cure.
" Man wrongs—time avenges," may be a just moral
sentiment.—There are physical evils which it is not within
the reach of man to alleviate or avoid ; but defects
in the social system it is the peculiar province of the
Government to remove or supply. If we look to our
colonies we are equally at a loss to discover signs
of the Minister's strength or capacity. The, local le-
gislatures at this moment refuse to obey his instruc-
tions respecting the treatment of slaves, and set him
at defiance, while, in the distribution of taxes at home,
he is courting their good will by sacrificing the agricul-
tural interests of Ireland and Scotland to those of the
West India colonists and proprietors. If these be proofs
of the invincibility of the Minister, we should like to
know what are proofs of weakness.

The Repthentant of Saturday last, referring to the
late debate in the House of Commons, says—" Does
the right of inflicting the punishment of death for for-
gery belong to human institutions ? One may think
yes, and still be a humane man : but we must limit, as
much as possible, the cases to which this penalty should
be applied. We admit only one species of crime, to
which capital punishment should be opposed : that is,
crimes committed against the person with intent to in-
flict death.

" Capital punishment applied to other crimes, is a per-
version of the most natural and the most rational prin-
ciples, as when inflicted it is irreparable, whilst the crime
committed might be redressed. This disproportion be-
tween the crime and the punishment always produces a
very bad effect. For the law is considered unjustly se-
vere, and is not applied, or the hope of the non-
application of the law encourages the commission of the
offence. It is, therefore, only making an useless law.
This will be the case with the new law, if the Minister,
warned by the weak majority which participated in his
opinion, does not return to a sentiment more
analogous with our ideas and our manners. Why
do men, who have it in their power to do,
so much good, advance with so much reserve—with
so bad a grace, in the route of social ameliora-
tions ? How, when they can place themselves at the
bead of these grand associations called Nations, and con-
duct them in this noble career, do they allow themselves
to be taken in tow, as we may say, and to imagine that
they have done a great deal in not remaining stationary?
Is it very useful, is it very honourable for England, who
pretends to march in the first rank of nations, to be
able to offer to those who study her institutions and ob-
serve her examples, only codes of barbarism, whilst

among people whom she despises as slaves, humanity ,
finding refuge in the laws, is consoled, at least for the
absence of liberty ?
" Let Mr. PEEL reflect well upon this : in less than tea
years, what he now refuses will be obtained. His work,
will be effaced. The world will think inw.h less of tb.
little good which he shall have done, than of all the evil
which be shall not have prevented, and which others will
have the glory of destroying: the question is simply tlia•
of stcping the efluEion of blood. It is not yet too late,
and we Loie that reflexion will bring him back to the
desire of tearing from the law-books some pages which
very shortly would not be read but with horror. Tl
is the wish of the whole of mankind."

A valued correspondent requests us to correct an erro:
in the Private Correspondence of yesterday's Herald,
where it is inferred that the Duke of ORLEANS derive,
" a large sum annually" from the gambling houses u.
the Palais Royal. The fact is, that the Duke only holds
the eight first arcades on each side, whereas the who!
of the hells, to use a fashionable phrase, belong to oth.•
proprietors.

CITY, Twr.r.rF. o'CLOCu.
We are again this morning without any arrivals ; no foreig3
mails or ship letters have come to hand with the exception of the
Hambro' steamer, consequently as yet we have no political infor.
matiou to communicate.

Consols opened at the same price they left off yesterday, 921 fo:
the Account, and 92§ for Money, with no busincs doing as yet. h,
the foreign market they are also still, and the prices at present are
much the same as yesterday.
larrEnpoox, MAY 29.—The import of Cotton this week is
15,678 bags, and the sales are 15,480, at a decline of 6 per penny
per lb. in American, and at scarcely last week's rate. For other
descriptions, the transactions in British plantation sugar this week,
arc 880 hhds. at rather lower prices. In foreign nothing has beer,
done. The sales of coffee are 100 casks of plantation to the grocer,
at irregular prices.
The following is the reply of the Governor of Canton to the
Spanish merchants who petitioned for some alleviation of the do.
tics :—" Try to contemplate the celestial empire, her abundant hay.
vests, and her mountains of wealth, her national treasury full to
overflowing. What dependence can she have on the petty mer.
chandize of all you barbarous nations to supply her with revenue:"
These foreigners, after all, should not have been befooled to this
degree. It is now manifestly divulged, by the appearance of cir.
cumstances, that they have been tossed and played with, as in a
sieve, by some traitorous merchant. Ido proclaim to you, foreign
merchants, these things, and tell you that you ought to rouse your-
selves, and examine with awe, and don't again permit yourselves to
be befooled by others. I, the Governor, am resolved instantly to
report to his Imperial Majesty the exact facts, and take both the
traitorous Chinese and foreign merchants, and prosecute them to.
gether, and punish them with severity. Take care and do not bring
yourselves into crime and trouble. Remember this !

In the month of February last, the Republic of Central America
was in utter anarchy. The State of Costa Rica had declared itself
entirely independent—the union of the five States, Gualarnata, El
Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, were to be dis.
solved, and a mere contention substituted. Great fears were enter.
tattled that Spain would take advantage of the weakness of the
States, and operate with some effect against Mexico.
A dreadful catastrophe has just spread consternation in the
Province of Gueldres. The town of Grendringer was on the 18th
ult. consumed by fire.—above fifty houses, the Reformed Church,
and all the Archives, became a prey to the flames ! Some of tl:c
Inhabitants perished, but the loss of an immense quantity of caul,-
is to be regretted.

HALF.PAST ONE.

It is quite an idle day with the funds—.no speculations going for.
ward of the least consequence. Consols have been done at 921, and
92j for the Account ; at present they are 10211, and 9211 for Money
The Foreign Market is in the same state as that of the British:
with the exception of Greek Bonds, which have improved about one
per cent. In Shares little or nothing doing. South Metropolitan
Gas 111 premium. We have neither reports or political informs.
tion.

We have Malta Gazettes to the 6th of May, whicl,
contain the Speech of the Lord High Commissioner of
the United States of the lonian Islands, to the Legisla-
tive Asssembly. His Excellency congratulates the As-
sembly upon the internal tranquillity prevailing.
notwithstanding the severe pressure of want felt
over almost all the Islands during the last winter
and spring. A great diminution of crime is said
to have taken place in the Islands, whieh is attri-
buted to the measures originatel in the second
Parliament. His Excellency adds that it still remained
to carry into effect a permanent and precise code of laws,
and that considerable progress had been made in preparing
such : but he doubted whether it would be sufficiently
forward to be laid before the Awe nbly during the pre-
sent Session.

During the recess measures had been taken for carrying
into effect the Bill establishing the system of Public
Education. Eighth-three additional schools of mutual
instruction had been established containing two thousand
seven hundred boys. His Excellency requests the pro-
longed continuation of the vacancy of the Archiepiscopal
Sees of Corfu and Zante, and states his intention of bring-
ing some definitive arrangement regarding the
dignitaries of the Roman Catholic Church before the As-
sembly. He further mentions that his Majesty,
having concerted measures for the pacification of
Greece, the neutrality hitherto observed by the lonian
Government would soon be put an end to by the termi-
nation of the cause. His Excellency states the revenue
to be more favourable than might have been expected
under the circumstances of the last year, from the depre-
ciation of the prices of oil and the other staple commodity
of the states. The expenditure of 1829 has been con-
siderably reduced from that of the preceding year.
In order to facilitate commerce, his Excellency rc-

commends a bill to the consideration of the Assembly,
for extending to the other islands the system of Port-
franc°, under certain modifications. Upon the whole,
the tenor of the speech is ye9r satisfactory.
4

It is said that the district of Namhoy, in Canton Pro-
vince, contains, at least, 10,000 slaves. Other districts
of similar extent contain as many. The involuntary slaves
are those who have been bora in slavery ; and those who
have been by government subjected to slavery as a punish-
ment. The voluntary slaves are those who sell themselves,
or consent to their parents selling them. The children of
slaves are their masters property. In the event of the
master's death the slaves go to his children or other kin-
dred. Slaves marry only with slaves. There are certain
colours and dresses they are not allowed to wear.—
Square-toed shoes are forbidden to slaves. Beating them
to death is punishable with 60 blows and one year and a
half's transportation. Official people, whose grandfather
or father, or grandmother or mother, beat a slave to
death, forfeit their pay. The killing of children or
grandchildren of free people is punished in the same
manner as the crime of killing a slave. The treatment
of slaves by the Tartar soldiery, to whom they have been
given by government, is said to be often very severe.—
Caxton Register.

, Ate
so .
Pu 0 AT 1 S
