OilPr

F

r-

I

MR. CANNING.
SOUTH AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE

,
4

The third number of the British Magazine, among
several other clever articles, contains a very elaborate
and well-written character Of Mr. Secretary Canning, in
which he is described as " one of the last of that school
of great men who, in the most eventful crisis of the mo-
dern world, appeared in the Commons of England, dif-
fusing over Europe a blaze of intellect, and filling his-
tory with their fame—orators who, whether they
espoused or assailed the new, opinions hat changed the
-policy of nations, threw around their ambition the mo-
ral splendour dirk reminded men of the most intellec-
tual ages of the classic woad."
The following just remarks are made by the writer,
on our recognizing the independent States of South
America :
" The disposition which Mr. Secretary Caaning had
already shewn to relieve'the burdens of the people by a
reduction of the taxes—the facilities which be was
anxious to afford to trade by the removal of antiquated
and unwise restrictions, which constituted the bigotry
of our maritime law, and fettered the elastic wing of
commercial enterprize—the readiness which he shewed,
in many instances, to reform abuse, and adopt plans of
national economy and retrenchment—his manly and
conciliatory deportment as a manager of the House of
Commons—and the general amenity of his manners,
had all combined to obtain for him the respect of the
greatest portion of all the classes of the community : but
this act, by which a line of demarcation is drawn be-
tween our Government and the Holy Alliance, has made
him deservedly the most popular Minister that modern
times has seen in the Councils of Great Britain.
" He has been accused of delay and tardiness in the
admission of the emancipated Colonies into the number
of independent States. His own explanation on this
subject appears to he a candid and fair one. It is cer-
tainly just in principle, and borne out by facts. This is
a very different question from that regarding the inva-
sion of Spain; yet on this subject our-Cabinet adopted
the decisive and manly language which ought to have
been also applied to that event. Spain was allowed to
make every exertion in her power for the recovery of
her Colonies; but it was intimated that the interference
of any other State for that object would cause the op-
posing intervention of Great Britain. This seasonable
menace prevented the execution of a plan of rapine and
subjugation on the part of the Holy Alliance, who feared
the power of England as much as they hated her glory.
It was another matter, however, to recognize the inde-
pendence of those States. It would have been both
unjust and impolitic to have done that without first
ascei taining, not only their actual separation, but their
capability of self-existence. The various revolutions of
Government that have taken place in all of them since
the Spanish authorities were resisted, gave great cause
for apprehending that they were not yet competent to
organize the elements of social and political security.—
Besides, had this country recognized them as flee com-
munities before they had fully achieved their own se-
paration, it would be said that she had torn them from
the possession of her ally, and that they had not become
independent through their own e'er tions, but by means
of the influence and fraudulent-encouragement of 'Eng- ,
land. It is also to be borne in mind, that a people so
dreadfully aggrieved as those Colonists were, who could
not secure their own independence in despite of the feeble
and debauched tyranny of Spainanust be incapable of c el-
lective action, and unprepared for an intelligent applica-
tion of the gift of freedom. In such a case,theliberal inter-
ference of another Power procuring them a release hem
bondage, would have been as unwise and thankless a
labour as the generous folly of Quixote, who disencum-
bered the vicious galley-slaves from their fetters, only
to experience the first depraved and unpleasant demon-
stration of their liberty in their ferocious attack upon
himself ! Thus has Cervantes admirably illustrated the
conduct of people by any accident made free before
they are at all purified from the moral defilement of
slavery. The toils and heroic acts, and generous sa-
crifices of personal interests, which a nation is -cons-
pelled to make in its own unaided struggle for inde-
pendence, form a guarantee that the virtues of human
nature exist among them, and that if they are not yet
enlightened, they have placed themselves in the march
of improvement."

The Swedish General and Field Officers now at
Stockholm, gave a grand dinner lately to Sir B. BLOOMTIZI.D.
The marriage of Prince FREDERICK of the Nether-
lands to a Princess of PRUStIA, is to take place on the
21st of April.
Last year the gold imparted into the Mint amounted'
to the value of 4,690,0001. the gold coined to 4,065,075/.
The intention of Government to send out 2,000 Irish
emigrants to Canada, is to be carried into execution
immediately. They will sail from Cork direct for
Quebec as soon as shipping can be provided. Surgeons'
are to be appointed, at the expense of Government, to
accompany the passengers as far as Prescot.
Another instance of the unchristian spirit of the.
French Clergy has taken place at Moulins, in France.
M. Jaladon, Deputy Receiver-General of the Depart-
ment of the Alliez, having died a few days ago at that,
place, the, Bishop refused to allow the customary cere•
monies to be performed over the remains, on the
ground that he had died suddenly, and had not confessed.
Saturday sennight, a poor old man, worn out with
fatigue and hunger, requested permission to lay down
in a hay-loft at Atford, Wiltshire, which was granted :
and there he remained until the Monday morning, when
death terminated his sufferings. He is supposed to have
died through absolute want.
A Quarterly General Court of the Equitable Assur-
ance Company was held on Thursday, at which the
state of the annual accounts for the past year was laid
before the Proprietors. The cash account receipts (as
well as we could collect them) were 220,9971. 10s. 44
the disbursements 182,5151. 6s. leaving a balance in
hand on the annual cash account of 88,4821.45. 4d.
The state of the Society's capital was as follows:-
4•543,0001. in the Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank,
and in the Reduced ditto, 4,375,0001. making an
amount of 8,918,0001. together with 430,0001. stock in
the Four per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, and
990,2361.55. ld. cash laid out on mortages.
Everybody has not read Joe Miller's old joke about
letting go the boat's painter. In the trial of a smuggler,
in Sussex, the other day, it was deposed by a witness,
that there was nothing in the boat but the tubs and the
painter. J. H. BATES Esq. to the witness—" You say
there was nothing in BATES,
boat but the tubs and the
know what became of hint j did he
was explained•to the worthy Magistrate
question was nothing but a rope. '

painter—l wish to
ran away r It wa
that the painter in
•
