dons

reodei
the 'p
hitne

Atoll
11 lie
JUfini
tr-4 S 2
ights
:hat tl
tion,

)li.she
!stab)
!vil, a

on ju,
10 so)
Coast

groan
the C
if it bi
asap

)14na
ict w
Peers,

privet'
In th

indivi
the sl
lin), 1
mann

lis so
Lhey

011 thi
01
he .1
rela
egigi
till
.t
by
we;

lu oj u,
laic to

ad 1
CI thl
tall

im

tOggin

b rgt
ship
,

brow
rem
viers

iider

Lind'
to tl
TI

ISt

lint
ra of
hose
wick
Ki of
Oaf

their
!ir an-
nce
1g ha
opted.
"II
oufire
h *R4
OfEce4
t Rem.
ectioa.
Holle
,thOliCs
to the
'worst

Loss te
at pro•
e Stair
oakseg
s
ipatios
obta4
le Cow
Id have
Re will
itiessa.
*paw
691!"
of
gooosoe
adios* •
134trivr
Dv Si '
d never
yilegef
Inge •
tom Sigf
hiss if
ger

10 ITO.'
pt prhat
to COO-
littealif

wish a free statement of his own opinions. With that
view he would not advert at all to that part of the pre-
sent discussion which had exclusitely arisen from what
was taken to be the errors of thetburch of Rome. The
decision of the present question did not depend on the
fact of whether the Roman Catholics were right or wrong
in their religion—(Hear),—but whether there was any
such connexion between their erroneous principles of re-
ligion and political condition and the safety of the State,
as eculd justify the principle of maintaining restrictions
which all admitted to be only justifiable upon the most
clear and obvious grounds of necessity ? It was impos-
sible for any man not to feel that the present guts-
lion teas of unspeakable importance; and when he said
that, strong as the expression might be, he felt that he
greatly ender-rated the character which belonged to it.
He thought it was not only important, but absolutely
vital—vital in the opinions of those who oppose, as he
was sure it was in the opinions of those who support the
Dresenz motion, and supported it as a proposition, with-
out conceding which their Lordships could have no
wace or tranquillity in Ireland—without which they
Add have, no unity of all classes of the King's subjects
in all parts of the King's dominions—without which
they never could possess themselves of that entire con-
fidence in their own strength which was necessary to
their own safety, because it was necessary to teach
ether Powers that it was dangerous to meddle s?.ith
12,—(Hear, bear). These were considerations which
;i!l men who love thejr country must feel to be vital,
and which must be felt to be vital by those wh4 op.;
rose the present motion ; for though they admit that
state of things, as regards Ireland, was unsatisfac-
tory beyond description, and though they did not at-
tempt to conceal the danger to which the country was
exposed, nevertheless they thought that the danger of
conceding so far transcended the benefits which would
result, that they could not bear what had been men-i
ti ,ned by several individuals wlao bad addressed their'
Lordships, but considered it as a question not merely of
expediency, bet one so interwoven with the very essence
of the Constitution, that they could not depart from the
principle of permanent and perpetual exclusion of the
Roman Catholics from a share in the legislature, or the
capacity to hold offices, without thereby fundamentally
subverting the Constitution.* If that were true, there
was an end to the question. It set aside all clues-
thins of expedience—all questions of justice. It
rendered their Lordships unfit even to discuss
the propriety of the thing; 'but he could not bring
himself to think that' it-was,a
.principle in the Con-
stitution to exclude from a freeparticipation any class'
of personseunless it could -clearly•be established that
during all the time they had been excluded they could
n t safely he admitted to the' enjoyment of their civil
lights. But before their Lordihips laid down as a maxim,
that this system of exclusion was a part of the Constitu-
tion, he thought they ought to look to the grounds upon
whict, in the particular case, that exclusion was esta-
blished; because, unless it could be shown that it was
established in consequence of some known and admitted
evil, arising from the possession of their privileges—un-
less it could be shown that the exclusion was founded
on justice and necessity, it appeared to him impossible
to say that that exclusion could be a principle of the
Constitution. Hs should be glad to know upon what
grounds it could be maintained that the exclusion of
the Catholic Peers was a principle of the constitution,
if it be necessary, before that exclusion be acknowledged
as a principal of the constitution, .that it should be
proved to be just. Was that exclusion the consequence
ofenature and deliberate consideration? No; but the
act was bound up the by judicial murder of one of those
Peers. He also adverted to the inconsistency of de-
priving those who had an hereditary tight to a seat
is that House, of any thing which might be called
political power, while at the same time they allowed
individuals of the same religious persuasion the-power of
the sword. An officer going into the army might attain
any rank might distinguish himself in a brilliant
manner—might receive the Order of the Bath front'
his sovereign, but could not enter into that House, where
they had an hereditary right to a seat. A great deal ot,
stress had been laid, during the course of the debate, '
on the connexion betweim the Roman Catholics and the
see of Rome, as rendering them unfit to be admitted to
the 'enjoyment of 6411 liberty. A Learned and Rev.
Prelate had said, that in a Catholic empire divided al-
legiance was of small importance, as the Princes owe a
still higher allegiance to the Pope than his subjects; but
it by no means followed that a Catholic Prince that did
owe allegiance to the Pope would be disposed on all
occasions to acquiesce in what he might think to be an
unjustifiable interference on the part of the Pope with
his temporal concerts. Joseph IL Emperor of Germany,
though paying all external marks of respect to the Pope,
had no hesitation in doing that which was disagreeable
to the• Holy Father, and no one ever heard that he was
at all interfered with by any recommendation on the
part of his Subject's. The Noble and Learned Lord behind
him seemed to look at the Pope as some formideble
divinity, as assumed to be in the plenitude of power.
Ipse pater Media nimborum in nocte comma,
Tulmina molitur dettia, quo maxima mote •
Terra tremit : fugeie fern: 'et mortalia cords
Per genres stravit pavor.
Bat he was prepared to contend that all the great wars
which had desolated Europe for the last 130 years had
no sort of connexion at all with the Pope. The power
of the Pope had been very much reduced, owing to a
circumstance which often met with sarcasms and sneers,
the march of intellect. He was almost afraid to use
Itch a proscribed phrase, but it was owing to that that
the Pope's power was reduced ; andas well might the at-
tempt be made to stop the inundation of the Nile with the
Pales of the hand, as to stop.the progress of knowledge
experience, and truth—(Hear).—This question bad
Ibten three times before their Lordships in the present
tram, which was rejected, he believed, with no reason',
urged against it. It was next brought forwatd in the
shape of admitting Catholic Peers to a seat hi the legis-
lature ; and in 1821 and 1825 the whole question was
brought forward, and met with a negative. With
respect to securities, be never yet knew what securities
were required. There was one favourable omen which
to drew from the speech of his Noble Friend, the Pre-
sident of the Council—namely, that be thought that
Kroner or later this question must be unneeded,
and thereby additional strength and security afforded
the empire.
The Earl of St. VINCENT concurred most heartily
in the proposition submitted to the House. He bad
been intimately acquainted with many Catholic Gentle-
men,' and could assert that men of more honourable
sentiments, or more anxious to maintain the principles
of the constitution, did not exist.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER said—As I have never
before taken part iu your Lordships discussions upon
this 'object, I rise for the purpose of sayirg a few words.
Theie are so many of your Lordships who have already
spoken, and so many more that are no doubt anxious to
do so, that it may appear unnecessary for me to do more
that; give a silent vote; but after having bestowed' the
most mature and attentive consideration upon the quee-
boo, 1 do not conceive I should do soy duty were I not
to eaves: my most cordial concurrence is the pro-

position of my Noble Friend. And, my Lords, if
after mature attention and anxious consideration, I could
have brought my mind- to believe that either the Con- •
stitution or the Church, to uphold which my family was
brought over to this country, was likely to be injured
in the pursuance of this course, nothing would for a
moment induce me to support it ; but as the result of
my deliberate inquiry has been to lead me to a dif-
ferent conclusion, and as I can see no danger to the
rights and privileges of the Church—but, on the con-
trary, the greatest danger to its security and pros-
perity in not granting to the Roman Catholics the
boon for which they pray, I cannot but give my_
cordial support to my Noble Friend's motion. I
must, however, express my hope, that whenever a
Bill upon this subject shall be entertained by your
Lordships, that it will be considered whether some
arrangement might not be made with the See of Rome,
by which his Majesty might enjoy the same power over
the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland that he does
over the Romish Church in Hanover, and that in fact
all the Continental Sovereigns enjoy over the Romish
Church in their dominions. I trust, too, that some pro-
vision will be made out of the public funds Tor the Ro-
man Catholic Priests, which may have the effect of
giving them au interest in the welfare of the State—
, which may do away with the- dissatisfaction now exist-
ing from the payment of tithes—and conduce to the
security and prosperity of the country.
The Bishop of LINCOLN thought, that whenever
the struggle for emancipation was at an end, the strug-
gle for the Church establishment would begin. He
judged froni the authority of a Noble and Learned
Lord who lately held a high situation in Ireland,
and from the opinions expressed by Dr. Doyle, and
others of the Catholic hierarchy, that the Protestant
Church establishment would be endangered by eman-
cipation. He agreed with Dr. Doyle in thinking
that this measure would not tranquilize the country.
Looking to the common temptations of our nature—
looking to the circumstances under which the Ro-
man Catholics were placed looking to the charac-
ters of those who appear to influence their movements
—he could not help thinking but that the prdposed
measure would, if cat-tied,' stimulate them to substitute
their own for the established religion. The Right Rev.
Prelate here proceeded to contend at considerable length
that the Catholic religion had undergone no change
from its humiliation 'ind adversity; that it 'Was still as
opposed as ever to all other creeds ; and that the pro-
fessors of it never could rest content while another
religion was the established religion of the State. He
should be glad to say nciw, as on the question for the
repeal of the Test aad Corporation Acts, that no danger
would attend concession; but every thing convinced
him that the cases were not only not similar, but that
in the latter there Was no risk, while the former would be
attended with imminent danger to the Protestant Church.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND rose to oppose the
motion before their Lordships, from a conviction that
concession would probably. prodirce evil, and could
effect no good. Their Lordships bad heard from Noble
Lords that night divers opinions respecting the results
that would follow' the of the existing laws. Now
if it were dotibtftil that concession 'would tranquillise
Ireland, he was quite certain it would create disturb-
ance in this country—(Hear, bear).—He had been ac-
cused of being a bigotbut even though the imputation
should be perpetuated. by his vote on that occasion, he
would not shrink from heartily and conscientiously pro-
testing against the-Resolution before their Lordships—
(Cheers).
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY condemned the
inconsistency of Noble Lords on that momentous sub-
ject. The time we lived in was the age of change. We
saw Noble Lords come down to Parliament in one year
to recommend and support measures, and in the year
following to oppose them. His opinion, however,
on the present motion was unchanged, for he was
prepared to support thc motion before their Lordr
ships. Relying as lie aia on the confidential ser-
vants of the Crown, and in his allegiance to the
Noble Duke -at the head of the Administration—
(A laagh)—he was convinced that the earliest mo-
ment would be feized for setting the question at
rest.;;lfe was quite sure that the time would arrive
when the Legislature would be imperatively called
upon -either to'adopt the resolution before their Lord-
ships, or to enact some other measure calculated to tato-
quillize Irelind: The linbleMatquis who hid introduced
the question had expressed his anxiety for its success—
but the Noble Marquis had not evinced similar anxiety
when -himself in office, or hi might hive carried the.
measure. In .all that the Noble Lord had said, however,
in recommendation .of concession, he fully concurred,
'and hoped, ere long,'to see it carried ; convinced that it
would do more towards tranquillizing Irelaild than any
other that could be devised.

The Bishop of LLANDAFF opposed the Resolution,
convinced as he was that the admission of Homan Ca.
tholics to further power would be the signal for the
overthrow of the Protestant Church of Ireland, a conse-
quence which he was not willing to incur. If therefore
he was noeprepared to adopt the sequel, he was not
pregared to concede the preliminary measure, Until
the influence of the Church of Rome upon its adherents
could be securely provided against in a Protestant State,
the danger from divided hllegiance was unquestionable,
and until that could be Satisfactorily obviated-....until
some measure caknlated to satisfy all parties, and give
security to the Protestant Establishment could be
found, he was of opinion that no further concession
should be made.
The Earl of DARTMOUTH, taking into cooaider-
ation*the incidents that tad acentric! in Ireland 'within
'the last four or five years, and the published opinions
of the Catholic demagogues there, he could have little
hope that this measure would produce those beneficial
consequences which its advocates anticipated from it.
He considered the success of that measure would be
only a step towards the establisbment of Catholic supre-
macy in Ireland.
Lord CARNARVON said that the Right Revetend
Prelate bad expressed a hope that the time would soon
approach when Catholic Emancipation might be con-
ceded, but it seemed to him that the Right Reverend
Prelate had no wish, for conciliation. The motion before.
the House did not pledge their Lordships to any specific
line of proceeding, and therefore it might be adopted.
The observation made by an illustrious Prince respect.
ing the tremendous sensation excited by the Test and
Corporation Acts was new to him. The impression
he had felt was, that the effect had been favourable
to the Bill. He hoped to see the time when the.
Church of England would be relieved from ,the
charge of intolerance, and when there would be only
a few country squires, a few old liwyerie and a great
many old women found to retain the prejudices which
existed against this question—(A laugh).—They mint
remember, that they had to appeal from the wisdom of
their ancestors to the wisdom of their posterity; and he
hoped the Noble Doke, who bad led to triumph and
to glory in all other marches, Would take the lead,
and now follow in the march rf intellect. He called
upon the Noble Doke to consider what would- be his

sollbasimno

situation W the country should unhappily be
plunged in
war, .ancthe found stil.tbe brave hearts by which-11
•won his former victories' •eitlief standing aloof id moody
silence, otkel.h.xps arrayed against him in the ranks of
his enerniiiil While we were and they
only suppliant, why should we put the armour of
resistance on our back ? The time might come when
they would be powerful and we weak ;• and he would
ask their Lordships if any good General, and the
Noble Duke, the Prime Minister, was a good and a
great. General, would refuse to avail himself of the
advantages he now possessed ? Supported by the
names of a Pitt, of a Fox, of a Burke, of a Windham,
without coming down to the present day, when he
might mention names of the highest splendour,although,
unfortunately, likely to excite adverse feelings, was it
likely that the Catholics would abandon their claims ?
By granting these claims the influence of the Romig!)
Priesthood would be overthrown, and a great increase
of influence be acquired by the Crown. lie should for
these reasons support the motion of his Noble Friend.
Amidst loud cries of Question!" Lord CLIFDEN moved
that the debate be adjourned until to morrow.
The LORD CHANCELLOR put the question of adjournment,
and declared that the Non-Contents bad it.

After much confusion, and a desultory discussion, in which Lord
Hou.attu, Lord Seavvasaorr, Lord &mouse, the Earl of ELDON,
Earl Guar, and other Peers took part,
Lord HOLLAND again moved that the debate be adjourned
until to-morrow, which was agreed to without a division.
The House then adjourned at a QUASSIA NAST Owe O'CLOCr.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Some Petitions from individuah on printe•affairs !rye presented
and laid on the table.

Mr. HOBHOUSE presented a Petition from the Parish of St.
iames, complaining of the conduct of their Select Vestries.
Mr. W. Samwt Sir R. WlLsou, Mr. Alderman WAITIIIKAN, and
Mr. Dionsow, supported the Petition, and condemned the existing
system of parochial management in the Metropolis.
Lord W. PAULETT presented a Petition from Sunderland for
the abolition of slavery in the West Indies.
Mr. G. MOORE presented.a Petition from Sir Harcourt Lees,
' of Black Rock, Dulylin, against Catholic Emancipation.
Mr. STANLEY presented a Petition from the Electors and
others of Liverpool, praying an extension of the elective franchise to
the general householders. The present limited number of qualified
voters bad created a practice of corruption at elections so notorious
as to be easily capable of proof at the bar of the Hasse. Towards
the end of every election for Liverpool the usual price of a vote
was £6 paid down before the elector gave his vote.
General GASCOYNE opposed the Petition, and defended the
conduct of the Electors of Liverpool. They were so generous that
they even paid the common expenses of elections for their Repre-
sentatives. The expenses of elections in scot.and.lot boroughs were
as large as in more limited boroughs.
Sir J. MACINTOSH denied that the change sought by the
Petition was of a nature of radical reform. It sorest to extend to
the wealthy the elective franchise now monopolized by the humbler
classes.

Mr. HUSKISSON understood the object of the Petition to be
to change the present qualification of voters in Liverpool. and dis-
franchise the existing electors. To this he would not consent, and
he hoped the House would not attend to the application of the
petitioners.
Mr. WOOD (Preston) stated that the.expenses of the Liverpool
elections for the last twenty years exceeded £95,000. The market
price of a vote at the last election for a Mayor was £lO. This price
was publicly placarded on the• walls of the town in open day. The
corruption was the result of the • fewness of the electors, who
amounted not to 4,000, among a poptulation of 50,000.
The Petition was ordered to be printed.
Dlr. P. Id ACQUEEN brought up the Report on the Parochial
Settlements' Bill.

• Mr. GORDON brought up the Report 6n the Pauper Lunatics
Asylum Bill.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented a Petition from Bridport,
against the importation of foreign wool.
Mr. S. RICE presented a Petition from the inhabitants of Cork,
against the tax on coals carried coastways.
Mr. H. DAVIS presented a Petition from certain West India
Planters and Merchants of Bristol, praying a reduction of the duty
on West India sugar.
Mr. STUAR l' asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer,whether
the Government intended to establish an equalization of duties on
East and West India produce?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated that there
was no intention to introduce such a measure on the present system.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a Petition from certain proprietors
of slaves In the West Indies, praying an inquiry into the manner is
which slaves were treated.

Sir R. WILSON thought it a matter of indifference in relation
to the question of slavery,whither the slaves were ill or well treated.
He objected to slavery under any form—to the selling and buying
human beings. He hoped that the practice of manumission would
be enforced, as directed by the House,
• Sir R. WILSON presented a Petition from a Welsh Calvinistic
Society in Jewinstreet Chapel, Aldersgate, in favour of Catholic
Emancipation. The Petition was written in Welsh and English.
• e.further consideration of the Report of the East Retford Dis.
frasaisement Bill was postponed to Friday se'unight, on the motion
of. Mr. Txtatisoit. The Hon. Member stated that he should keep
possession of the Bill until the fate of the Penryn Bill in the Lords
should be known. If, on recommitting the Bill, it should still
appear right to the House to transfer the elective franchise to the
hundred of Bassetlaw, he should from that time abandon the Bill,
and make all sorts of war against its further progress. He should
sake. that opportunity of stating the incorrectness of a report that
hid gone abroad, of his having on the last debate on this subject
made an observation calculated to hurt the feelings of the Speaker,
and his having received a reproof in return from the Hun. Member
who filled the Char of the House. He denied that he had made
any such disagreeable observation, M. received any such reproof as
had been reported, and appealed to the House and the Chair for the
correctness of his statement.
The SPEAKER tit great pleasure in declaring that the Hon.
Member had made no observations which could justify the Chair
In visiting him with reproof; neither had he (the Speaker) uttered
any such reproof on the Hon. Member, either on that or any ether
occasion.
'Mr. W. WHITMORE presented a Petition from Oswestry,
against slavery in the West Indies.
Mr. H. GRATTAN presented a Petition from persons in.
terested in the lead mines of Glanrusk, against the importation of
foreign lead ore.
' Mr. HUSK ISSON presented a Petition from Liverpool, against
West India slavery.
Lord GEORGE CAVENDISH presented a Petition fmm ter-
tabs Catholics of the county of Derby, praying for emancipation.
Sir T. .ACLAND presented Petitions against West India
Slavery, from Devonport and Plymouth.
Mr. BROUGHAM presented a Petition from the Anti-Slavery
Society for the Abolition of Slavery. The Hon. and Learned
Member then asked, whether it was the intention of Government to
adopt any measures to comply with the Resolutions of the House?
Mr. Secretary PEEL eventually dated, that it certainly was sot
the litanies to introduce any coercive measures this Session on the
subject.
Mr. BKOUGFiAM wished to know when the gallant head of
the Colonial Department was likely to be returned to Parliament,
supposing he should be returned—that was,when the forms of eke-
dm, for mere fortis they would be, were likely to be gone through,
becauselie should not like to bring forward his motion in the ab-
sence of the racial bead of the Department ?
Mr. Secretary PERIL said, he certainly could not undertake to
answer suck question. .
Mr. BROUGHAM thought, that as he might, at all events, be
immersed by July 1, be belga to give notice, that on such day he
shield move for leave to ben in a Bill for the admiasie of slave
Mieee• •
Ng.. P. THOMSON moved foe Returns of ;he number of
ships built—the amount of tonatage—the number of steam vessels
built—the number of meets engaged' in the fisheriesin the coal
tradepassinethe Sound, dte.—the amount of exports and imports,
fee.---Severally ordered.

Mr..Aldenian THOMPSON mewed a Petition from Mr.
Huithes. co/s/iaining.thatl he had golden estate by auction and paid
the duty; but that the title being objectionable. and not made
good; the Canufilasioners refused to return the duty because Chan-
cery proceedings had not been commenced.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY spoke of the hardship of the case, aU
depending on the Solicitor of the Eicise—and said it would continue
'so long as the Excise proceedings and prosecutions were without
siontroul. By acting with justice towards these parties, facilities
would be rendered for the transfer of property, and the Revenue
thus assisted.
pdf. Aklerman WAITHMAN complained of the frequency of
"mock initial:D.,* particularly_ at watering places, whereby the
Insane and** public were equally defrauded.
Mr-„iii/MX the transaction was a robbery, under the colour,
leflawl■—wkaubbs it else?
Petition ordered to be printed.
• WA26 AND MEANS.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the Or-
I der of the' Dario, Obi( into a Committee of Ways and Means,

TEE STATE OP PORTUGAL.
Mr. E.-PNVENPORT.tose and said, that he had
questions to put to theliglit ann. G4tlbman: opposite
upon the state of Portugal. The Honourable:Member:
described the conduct of the Prince Don Miguel in very.
strong language; and condemned the evacuation of ..
Lisbon at the crisis of the late troubles. It was said
that a Noble Lord holding an, office at a high salari,,
but of,very little use to the country, had written letters,
to various persons in the Government at Lisbon, eiging.
them to proceed in their course, and telling their! -that
the British Government were not sincere in disapproving
the conduct of Don Miguel. The Hun. Member then
asked the following three questions :_on what terms,
the forts of the Tagus were delivered up to the..Portu
guese authorities ? whether before their being evacuated
any efforts were made to enforce the payment of the
debt due to Great Britain under the Convention for the
maintenance of the troops, which he understOod
amounted to nearly half a million ? and what were the
• present relations-existing between this Government and
Portugal ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL, after deprecating the mass of
comment in which questions of this nature were enve-
loped, replied in answer to the first question, that before
the arrival of Don Miguel it had been the determina-
tion of the British Government thAt the time was come
when, there being no longer a danger of foreign inva-•
:ion, and our interference being therefore no longer
claimed under the Treaties, the time was come when
our troops should be withdrawn. They were never sent
from these shores to support any party, or to interfere
is any intestine dissensions. The troops having been
withdrawn upon such grounds, the evacuation of the
forts necessarily followed. With regard to the second
question, Ile should have been sot ry if this Government
had set such an example to foreign Governments as to-
retain possession of valuable fortresses upon the• pre-
tence of a pecuniary claim. The amount of that claim
was not halt a million, as the Honourable Member
bed stated. The debt owing to this country by the
Portuguese Government amounted to 180,0001. and
the convention under which it was owing was necessa-
rily still in force. In answer to the third questien
put by the Honourable Gentleman, he had to state, that
at the present moment the diplomatic functions of the
Ambassador of this country at Lisbon were suspended.
He thought that the construction put by the British
Government upon the proceedings which had lately
taken place in Portugal was sufficiently declared by this
Act. He did not wish to follow the Hon. Member
through his observations; but as he had alluded to weat • •
he called the education of Don Miguel at the Court of. !
Vienna, he had the satisfaction of telling him that. the
'Austrian Ambassador at Lisbon had taken exactly the
same course as oar's, and that the views of the Govern-.
runt of Vienna, and of its Minister, Prince .Metternich,
with respect to the recent transactions in Po:fugal, were •
exactly the same as the view. entertained by the English.
Government. With regard to charges which the Ho-
nourable Gentleman had preferred against a foreign
Prince, he thought Gentlemen should be careful to weigh..
well the evidence upon which such charges could be .
be supported, before they la ere made in .a British House
taf Commons—(Hear, hear).
Sir J. MACINTOSH said he had heard .with dies.
utmost satisfaction .what had fallen from the Rightllon.
Gentleman, that by the cessation of all diplomatic in-
tercourse with the present Government in Portugal, the
late proceedings in that country were considered, what ,
they really were, a rebellion and a usurpation. He
wished success to the people of Portugal in their glo-
rious efforts to put down that usurpation, and to bring
upon its authors the fate which that and their other
manifold crimes deserved. The Right Hon. Gentleman
had not alluded to a part of the Hon. Member's ques-
tion respecting the rumours of certain letters having.,
b:en written by an English Nobleman.
Mr. Secretary PEEL was about to state his un-:
derstanding of the observation made by the Homo.'
Member, when

Mr. E. DAVENPORT said; he had sp .ken of
mours that an Officer, high in the Ordnance, had written
to others in the Portuguese Government, nosing them to
continue in the course they were pursuing, and 'telling'
them that our Government were not sincere in their dip
approval .of that course. •
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that he had no knowledgb •
of any such correspondence, and he could only say thalk.
the views and opinions of his Majesty's Government • '
could only be communicated through their Ambassador.
If any other individual whatsoever had represented It;
that the British Government
cently pursued by Don Miguel with' approbittion, or.
with any other feelings than those expressed.by the ac;
of suspending our diplomatic relations with Portugal,
that individual entirely misconceived not only the °pi.
nion of his Majesty's Gnvernment collectively, bat• he
thought he migbt add of every individual of whom is
comprised. He could not deny that any such letters
had been written, because he had no knowledge what.,
ever of the circumstance.
Sir J. MACINTOSH said, the Right Hon. Gentle.?
man could not disavow the letters ; but were they to
understand him as disavowing the sentiments which
they were said to ascribe to the Government ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL replied" Entirely so."
Mr. H. DAVENPORT—" Now, Sir, I will only just
say, that there is not an indiiidual acquainted with the
affairs of Portugal who entertains the slightest doubt of
the charge which I made in the early part of my obser- .
vations. Indeed, a friend of mitre told me that Lord.
Liverpool had stated to him that be had nut a doub%
of the fact."
The Smuts then left the Chair, and the House resolved itself
into the Committee.

SUOMI DUTIES.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, after some ob:
serrations, moved the further coutinuance of the Sugar Duties for

00e years •
Mr. C. GRANT said, that a pledge having been:
given by the Board of Trade to consider this subject,
,had bestowed his careful attention upon it, but had been!
ultimately, unsuccessful in attempting to substitute-
such a system for the present one as would meet.tbe
approbation of the parties interested. He wasotherea
fore, ready to vote for the Resolution, as he should haie
done had he continued in office. -
Mr. W. WHITMORE argued against the incise'sft, 6
tency of maintaining an unequal system of laws turtle,
different colonies of' the same country: He Alerted
the'evidence of Bishop Heber and others, in favonript, -
the position that under an equaliied system • of dutien,,,,•:.
large quantities of sugar would be exported to this'.
country from the. East Indies, and that its admission
would be highly beneficial to the consumer as well as '
to the producer. Ike should never allow a Session to
pass without calling the attention of Parlianient to the
subject ; and iebetrthe questiod was proposed, be should,
.take the sense of the llouse.upon substituting an equal
,duty for all the colonies. • •
Mr. BERNAL contended, that while the monopoly
d by the East India Charter continuedin existence% •••
titrltimpraciicible to apply a system of equal ditties.
Mr. IiUME objected generally to the insporsatiosiot
iv it . • '
1.•

.! • i;

_~ .

• • 11

$20•""L-1'012r—:
West India Sugars, without an equal protection to those
of the East Indies.
Mr. STEWART thought that the duties on East and
West India Sugars ought to be equalised, and that
again would open a n•vr market in India for our iron.
copper, and lead. That trade would long since have
taken place, if we were allowed to take their sugar in
return. We had aheady destroyed the staple commo-
dities in India, and we should no loneer continue our
restrictive systrm. Frtedom of trade was allowed to
the Mauritius, since when our trade with her had in-

creased five-fold.
Mr. F. BUXTON thought that no additional infla
once should be allowed to the growers of We.t India
sugars, when it was known that it was the produce of
slave labour.
Mr. BRIGHT said, he was glad that his Majesty's
Goveinnietit had suspended then decision on this sub•
jut. •He, however, complained that the West India
Colonies should be obliged to take their supplies from
this country, in place of America, whence they could
get them at a much cheaper rate. But such being
the case, the West India Proprietors had a tight to tome
advantage. as
Mr. HUSK ISSON denied that any change was con•
templated in toe consideration of this impoitant ques-
tion. without the greatest attention to every inteiest of
the East and West Indians, and the English consumers.
The people of this country should have that article as
cheaply as they could, taking of course into account the
either interesrs concerned. He believed that whenever
Par)iantent laid on an additional tax on sugar, they
always accompanied it with a countervailing drawback.
But whether they.did so or not, surely it must always
be conyetent to Parliament to rise its own measures
He thought the West Indians exaggerated the alarm
which some persons rely n,.tura•ly ten. Under all the
citcumstances of this case, he felt him-elf bound to sup-
poi t the views of his Right Ilan Friend (Mr. C.Graiii).
With respect to the United States, he was prepared to
prove that -her pretensions were unjustifiable, and that
the British Government bad acted cot tectly in the
course they had pursued. He was glad the furthfr
consideration of this subject had been delayed till the
next Session, when the measure could be brought for-
ward with much more advantage thin it could be at
this period.
Mr. BRIGHT said he certainly was one who did not
think the Right Hon. Gentleman the best judge of the
inlet eats of the West Indians.
!dr. HUSKISSON explained.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that after what had fallen from his two Right Hon.
Friends (Mr. C. Grant and Mr. Huskisson), he had but
little to say upon the question. He deeply felt the im-
portance of the question, and therefore it was that he
wished for delay. He trusted that in the next Session,
he would be able fully to develope the views of his Ma-
jesty's Government upon this weighty and important
subject. Its looking to a reduction of duty, that
could only be allowed in the hope of an increased eon.
'usurious He was, therefore. called upon to calculate
how this consumption could be increased with a view
to the compensation of the Revenue. In the year 1824
the price of sugar was 31s. 6J. per cwt. neat year it
was 38s. 6J. and the con.umption diminished by about
800,000 hogsheads. Nest year the price lowered, and
again there was increased consumption ; and so in sob.
et-quest' years, when the price lowered, t e consump-
tion as generally increased. He stated this in order to
show that be had not come to the conclusion he had,
without mature consideration.
Dlr. W. SMITH observed, that every argument adduced this
evening be bad heard over and over again for the last seven years.
....(Cries 4 • Question, question").
Mr. W. WHITMORE proposed as an Amendment to the Re-
solution. that East Imila Sugars should be excepted from their
allawatio4
The question was then pat, and the original Resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. HUSKISSON hoped that cotton, ternierie, and other
similar articles, the produce of India, should be plated ow the same
towing as other articles train our Colonies.
• The CHANCELLOR°, the EXCHEQUER said, he would
give the subject every consklerstion, and as speedily as possible
state his opinions to the House.
The Report was brought up, and ordered to be received to.
morrow.

SVIPPLY.

• The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the Or-
der of the Day for the House going into a Committee of Supply.
ft was moved that 2.1.3911. should be granted for the House of
Industry. Dnblia.—Agrred to.
It was moved that 6,6581. be granted for the Richmond Lunatic
Asytuni.—Agteed to.
That 1.6761- be granted for Female Orphans.—Agreed to.
That 3.4901. be granted foe the Westmorland Lock Hospital.—
Agreed to.
That 3.2701. be granted for the Lying-hi Hospital.—Agreed to.
That 1.7001. be granted for Doctor Stephens's HospitaL—
Agreed to.
That 3.1601. Wrested foe the Fever HospitaL—Agreed to.
That 4651 be granted foe the Hospital for Incurabks.—Agreed.
That 7.000 L be granted for the Royal Dublin Society.—Agreed,
That 5001. be granted for the Royal Irish Academy.—Agreed.
That 7001. be granted to defray the expense of the Board of
Charitable Bequests.-- Agreed to.
That 16,0001. be granted fee the Board of Works.—A great°.
That 15,0001. Os granted foe Stationery for Public Offices in Ire•
bal.—Agreed to.
That 5.8001. be granted for
Agreed to.
That 5.5001. be granted for Priming Statutes in Ireland.—

aid othcr matter

Agreed tO.
That 37.0001. be granted for defraying the expense of Criminal
Prearentions.—Agreed to.
That 10.3601. tis. be granted for Dissenting Ministers..— Agreed.
That 740 i. 6s. 2d. be panted for Salaries to Lottery Officers.—
Agreed tn.
That S.lblia be granted for Inbpd Navigation.—Agreed to.
• That %AIM be panted foriPolice and Watch Establishment io
Dablim--Agreed to.
That 7M41. be granted for Commissioners of Inquiry.—Agreed.
That moot. be pasted for the Board of Public Records, he-

ISM.•-•dareed to. -
flat 14.00111. be granted to ',nubs Public Worbs.—Agreed to.
That SOM. be grained for the fkarvey of Ireland.—Agreed to,
after a few observations from IllMlstate, Mr. Finassaut, and
Mr. R. Gamma.
In answer to foam obtervations by Mr. Mown.
Mr. CROKER said, that until It pleased Parliament to provide
fee the poor he some as in the shape of Land Tax, or other means,
they were bound to do something for their relief. There was one
of the most valuable Societies that was any where to be found in
Dublin. that for the Suppression of blendicity, and for which no
great eras 'Med at the band* of Parliament—( Hear, bear). He
admitted that to be the use, bat then it should be recollected that
It was not established till after the Union.
After some conversation the Report was brought up and or-
deced to be received tomorrow.
The Room weet into a Coonskine on the Excise Laws, when,
Slr. G. DAVIkON said be would, after passing certain Resolu.
dens more that the Duty on Glass between England and Ireland
elmoldbe assionnsted. The difference of duties led to smuggling
god in peat iueouesaieme to trade, which by this means would he
amedied.

Tb. Report . was bros.& up &ad ordered to be zecelved to

aoserser.
' ""le Deningit Laws Amendment Bin was read a third tune
and passed.
The wher.Orders of die Thy were then disposed of, ant the
MON 414111C0114 BALf•IPASS Ors OTIANIL.

Vl4lg.Crs-gR-1--11G STAR.

LON I). •A.

TUESDAY, JUNE 10, 1828

STOCK It XeIIANGE, TWIII.VIE O'CLOCK.
The Carmel market reniains very steady this morning, and
opened at the same price as yesterday, 874 for the Account; Re
dueed 861 4, with little business doing at present. Some Reduced '
Stock has come to market, hut not to a great extent.
In the Foreign market, little or nothing is doing at present.
CITY. H A I.F.PAST ONK O'CLOCK.
The Consol market has improved since the earlier part of the
morning, and Consols have been fluctuating between 874 5, and
871 1 for the Account, and at the latter price they may be at pre.
sent quoted. The Commissioners purchased Reduced at 87.
In the Foreign market the business doing is of little importance,
but Mexican Bonds have somewhat improved.
lit tCK OF STOCKS AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Bunt Stock 2095 4 India Bonds 99
S per Cent. Red. 861 17 65 South Sea Stock
3 per Ct. Cons. Shut Old Annuities
34 per Cent. 941 i, 1 £lOOO Kitcheq. NiNa SO 1
34 per Cent. lied. 941 1 4 £5OO I)itto 63
4 per Ct. New Shut £lOO and dt,oo Ditto 62 4
4 per Cent. 18.26, 1034 5 Advertise]
Long Ann. 19 7.16 5 Bank for Acct.
India Stock C0n...1. for Acct. 875 4 5 •
TWO -1' ; • k
C•11101111/iiii; Boni.. 6 per Ct. 19 Poi up ikta. 5p C. 60
iaiwitti. I We4,22e OnAcct 591
D
Do. Acc 225 5 per Ct.
Greek Bun.l-,122.5. 5p Ct. 175. ;fret. 914
Mex. Ilda,i 825,6 pCt. 365 I Spanish Bait 54i Ct. 104 1.5
Do Acet 385 Do. Actt.
BRIT lull AND FORKIGN SH Alt KS. TWO O'CLOCK.
ram.
•
Brazilian 35 •20 79.
FinlisCH itilins--Fasall. Julia 7.—Five per Cent.. 1041.5 c. 104 f.
1041. 5c —Three per Cents. jouis du 22 Juin, 1828, 7nr. sf.e. 30c.
25c. Ban k Actions,l93ol. Rentes de Naples, Crr. Faleotmet, 75f.
20c. 15c. Inc. 75f.—Iterate d'Espagne. 2.—ltoyal Spanish Luau, 73.
Reines perpetuelle d'Esp.so 505.-14Aytiats Loan. 65:A.—Exchange
on Loudon, one mouth, usf. 25c. paper 251. 25c. money—three
months, 251. 15e. paper ; 231. isc. nioney.—Cours Assn June 7.

The Resolution of ttie Commons for the Relief of the
Catholics was moved last night in the Lords by the
hl4rquis of LANSDOWN ; and, after a long discussion.
in which the Dukes of CUMBERLAND and Gsoucearsts,
And the Archbishops of CANTERBURY and Tu*w par•
took, the question was adj ,urned to this day. In the
observations of the Duke of CUMBERLAND, his 'tort,
Highness said, that however the measure might tend
to tranquillize Ireland, it would time great dissatis.
faction, and perhaps disturbance, in England.

The sentiments of our issnment on the late con-
duct of Don Mioust. are now placed beyond a doubt
by the declaration of Mr. Pan, who in answer to a
question put lait night by Mr. E. DAVINFOUT, stated
that the diplomatic functions of our Ambassador at
Lisbon had been suspended. It appears also that the
sum due to Great Britain from Portugal on account of
the late expedition is £160,000 only, and not £500.000,
as has been supposed.

Letters reached town that day from Odessa, dated
16th May, which state that nothing new from the army
was known there beyond the passage of the Pinth, and
the occupation of the Principalities of Wallachia and
Moldavia, and the confident espeetation, from the im-
mense fotce employed agaiost Turkey, that the PORTE
would be shortly obliged to yield to the demands of
Russia.

The Estvaass was expected to arrive at Odessa in a
few days ; great preparations were making to receive
her. It was thought that by text autumn all differences
would befsaally settled with the PORTg.

Letters are in town of a recent date from Vienna,
stating th it the Porte was going to send Ambassadors
to the head•gnarters of the Emperor of Russia to n-go-
ciate for peace.

We received this morning Hamburgh Papers to tl•e
Bth inst. The intelligence contained in these Papers horn

Constantinople continues to be quite of a paiific charactei.
TheSurrasu,it i• stated,alat used at the news from then
cipalities, as well as the ezpressed sentiments of ti eClergy
and majorityof the people,in favour of peace,Sad directed
the Reis Effendi to communicate to the Ambassadors of
the Neutral Powers, that the P tie was disposed to accept
the intervention of the Allied Sovereigns, and to fulfil the
Treaty of Ackermann. The Ministers to whom these
overtures were made, dispatched couriers to Vitnna,
and also to Smyrna; the object of the latter was to
acquaint the Admirals of the. Allied squadrons with
this happy change in the politics of the Porte—a change
that had caused the greatest joy amongst all classes at
paa.—.The followinu are estracts
CONSTANTINOPLE, MA• 1 /.

The alarming news front lioldavia and Wallachia, the general
situation of the Empire, as well as the sentiments of the Gleans,
of the maiesity of the people, and of the great men of the Empire—
and hotly, the united representation of the Gr.od Vizier of Money
Bey and athe Reis Effendi (which list changed his, laaghage a fort-
night age)--and, besides all this, the equivocal cundect of some of
the Pubes now here, and the apprehension that no diversion will
be made by the European Power., have at length subdued the war-
like spirit of the Sultan. The lids I.7endi has intimated to Baron
d'Ottenfels that the Porte is disposed to segnelate on the basis of
the Greenstieis of the Treaty if aidtermamt. At the 53Mt time, a
similar communication was made to the Ambassador of the Nether-
lands, in which the Porte still more positively engaged to accept the
Comleation of 6th July, and to fulfil the Treaty of Ackermann. Both
Ilitilieers have dispatched couriers—tae hest to Vienna, the wend
!to Smyrna-11 order to acquaint the Admirals of the Allied squad-
, nos with tb:s altered state of affairs, which has caused the greatest
joy at Pers. It is to be observed that no Russian Manifesto has
been officially received here up to this day, aid that this important
concession to avert the impending crisis appears to be the last
means of safety for the Porte. It will he remembered that the
racial letter of Count Nesselrode to t►e Grand Vizier, dated Stith
April, announced, that if Turkish negotiators should arrive 441 the
camp, the operations of the army would not ►e suspended on that
account.

The Sultan is still engaged in his military exercises.
CONSTANTINOPIA, MAT 12.
ISOM ANOTURIL LIT/1111.

The Bets Effendi, in conferences which he had with M. de
Bands and the Ambassador of tbr Netherlands, together and with I
the Austrian Internuncio, Baron d'Ottenfels, ieparately, has de-
clared, that the Porte will fulfil the Treaty of Ackerman, the
terms of which us very hard,partindarly with respect to the ;fair
of &Ma, and degociate on the basis of the Convention of lith
July, 111117.-2/imsborgh Oireespendent, Jew E.
BUCHAREST, Mat IL

It is generally alarmed here. that the Hospiar wig ens come
back and then go to lintels, likePrinariltonrdria. Thr passage o

the Russian troops through this city continues, and the Raper*
Nicholas is expected bete as the 17th. We have no news front
the Danube.

FRANKFORT, MAT O.

In the Sitting of the Diet on the 16th inst. the President c m-
municated a Note from Baron Anstell, the Russian Minister, with
♦arious documents accompanying it, such as the Manifesto and
Declaration of Russia, Count Wittgenstein's Proclamation, and
Count Nesselrode's Letter of 26th April. The Minister observe?
on the moderation displayed by his Imperial Master, and stated
that his mode of proceeding is fully approved by Great Britain,
France, Austria, and Prussia, So that there was not the shadow of
a mason for apprehending a general war to Europe on this account.

EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAsisuson, June 6-13 101—two months, 13 91.
Immo, June 2—Thtre months, 6 15.
BERLIN, June .I—Three months, 6 43}.•
STUCIIHoIat, May Xt—Seventy.five dap,. 1144.
ilasiitnirgh Niters to Awe 7.

FASHI6NABLE IN lELLIGENVE.
