P 41146401 PUUCEEDINILS

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNIZ-23.
This morning their Lordships met for the hearing of. Appesti
woe after ten o'clock.

Couoael were called in upon the appeal of " Fowler (on the
demise of Doe) v. Noble," from the Court of Eschequer, which
ease was heard ottt ; and afterwards the Appeal of " Loyd p. the
Earl of Trimlestown," from the Court of Chancery in Ireland,
was remitted.

The appeal of" Livingston v. Learniouth," from the Court of
Session' was partly heard.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, that an important Rejmrt
had lately been presented from their Lordships' Select Commit.
tee, who were appointed to consider the hest means of facili-
tating the due administration of justice in the hearing of appeals,
writs of error, and other proceedings, in relation to the jurispru-
dence of this douse. As the Report was now printed, and as
it contained some-matters of inter:-nt and weight, ne at present
gave notice that' it was his intention to introduce the subject to
their Lordships on Thursday next.
The Earl of LA UDERDA LE presented a Petition front
certain of the Nlerchat,ts now trading in the City of London,
who were desirous that the Scottish Linen IV.:.niin:.c:t.re till
should pass into a Lw.
The Earl of ROSS LYN presented two Petitions to the same
effect from the County of Fife.
The same Noble Rai moved the discharge of the Order of
the Day for proceeding to a Committee on the Scottish Linen
Manufacture Bill, on
_account of the absence of a Noble Ltd

(Melville)—whenthe latter came into the House.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented a Petition from
the Table Beer and Ale Brewers of London and its envirore,
. .

praying their Lordships not to accede to a certain claim in the
New Beer Bill, prohibiting the Petitioners from brewing the said
beer, unless they engaged separate premises for that pnrpose or
forewent their own established tratles.—The same Petitioo was
referred to the Committee on the Bill.
The Marquis of 1..1 NSDOIV N mom! the third reading
the Ireland Grand Jury Presentments Wit, upon w.i.ch szinie

few amendments were suggested by himeelf and the -gad of
Do/rolcif:toyP ; when the amendments wcre agreed to, the BM

passed as amended, and messaged to the other House.
Upon the motion of the Ear it Ss*:•tahanar, the Registry of
Vesaels and London Sewers' Mils passed throve' Committees,
aid were reported to the House without any amendments.• •

TILE MARRIAGE BILL.
The LORD CEIANCEI.LOR sio moved the Or-
der of the Day for the farther consiJelation of their
Lordships' Report of the aborestarned Balk and also

that thianiktiaed clause respecting the forfeiture of
estate or property, on the milawfill. marriages of mi.
oors,'should be added to the present Bill. .
The Earl of WES MORELAND. took this op.
portunity to deny the imputation of his having on a
fortifier: night .reflected on die proceedings of the
Court of Chancery, as 'connected with the cOndUct Of
any one. No person was more willing than himself
to do justice to ;he character of that Court, and espe.
ciallyio .Nob Te-and Learned Lord who presided in
k. What he objected to was, that provision in the
present Bill which placed the question of such for-
teiture ai he complained of tinder the jurisdiction of
only OneJodge, whether in the Court of Chancery ar
ExcheqUer,"and this 'Withotit" the: inteiveiniOn: of a
British Jury. He was disinclined to adinit the.prin-
ciple that men-should be liable to 'prtisectition for
false triths in such an seat; not for a matter.'of fact,
but a inete mitzter ofia; wfiefe. even' the lodges •
niigliy `1;)e unable to. settle the point. . it was Iroi, and
he was -aware of it, 'that the 100th Canon 'of 'the
Church prohibited the marriagestbf mineieShad with-
out the cz:nsent of paren si hue Chitisa, Wonld
ieoder every woe liable to prosecution, if Oiariying by
banns er license, though no offence had been com-
mitted against the civil law. There remained fonr
ways of marrying now—by banns, bylkeitse, and.
by going to. Scotland or. Fiance; and would their
Lordslrpi plattiriapedifitents to the open door-% while
leaving the latter quite free? Pe could not apprcive
of the principle:of the present Bill in any part; for
lie considered the existing law, or rather the. pre-ex-
isting law,' su6tient, if carried into effect by the
Cler-gy and Surrogates.
• .The Earrof LIVERPOOL here observed, that it
should 'be borne along in recollection, that the present
chive applied‘tO very few. marriages, as it held only
with regard to undue marriage in minors for bad ends. -
He had given his decided resistance to the dissdlOi.
lity of even those marl iages, when once solemnised.
But, on the either hand, he conceived that it became
tie diity'cif Parliament to prevent, as far as 'lsola-
tion could prevent, the 'marriages of minors:, , m
being made for their Money, and nothing else,' flo
satisfied was he respecting this principle. and-so sound
was it in relation Jo property, that he certainly Mould
give it his decided support. . •
The Earl ofIA7MMORELAND explained; and
wiihedforthe opinion of die Noble and Learned Li?rd.
The LORD CHANCELLOR could only now re-
peat What he stated'ane former night, that the pre-
sent clause had been drawn up micusterially by him,
as the servant of that. House; and in compliance with
the 'wishes of Noble Lords. If their Lordships should
adopt it, they were welcome tb it; if they. rejected
they had clearly the right so to do; for the teeth, in
either 'ca'se-, would not celinept nor dliciattent.hitn.
- —After the'cTause had bieti agreed to, the Bill, toke.
:thee With amendments, was 03 deko 4)l* engrossed.
leuti:AriD i;tacit sfettitieairrttasi... ' '

Viscount- 111P,LVII..LE moved !oC-Oider of
.the
dai•,for 'their Vatashilis to go ihsto nCozzialitt.be on
the above"Bilt • :
-The Duke of ./I:THOL, on this occasion, .rec.apitu- •
,Taieeanctre-nied thb lke had spited in
the presetting stages of the piesefAt Bill. • Ile inch..
tiii ;its Vficts" '*onistbf kt 4.:tous tb.the'Ope-
.fau,A,claiis-eff weaiet.i;* vibtiTtt considered • as • a
InOie.i.alitalilecla4 Of his "Ma, e:; ut.bJecis,. and

therefore well entitled to the regard of this-House.l
He shoulel regret,xfiksee such persons driven to such
an asylum in large Towns, and it was remarkable
that the process of stamping the linen had never been
complained of till within these two years.
The Earl of ROSSLYN took the objection of the!
Noble Duke to be, if he did not misunderstind him,
to the stamping clause being now omitted, and to:
little else. Linen stamps, however, had been practi- I
cally cut off during the last fourteen years beim c the
exportation of the manufactured goods, and the trade
itself had increased more in proportion, than during
the space of fifty years before. The Noble Doke s
doctrine, if it amounted to anything, assumed that
all Scotchmen %xi:re greater rogues than Englishmen;
but he really was ashamed to 'detain their Lordships
in refuting such an argument.
The Duke of ATIIOL explained.
The fair] of LAUDERDALE was surprised at the
Noble Dtilc,'s warm solicitude for those operative
measures .1' the smalls kind; since, as it appeared
to him (Lot d Lauderdale), there were no such persons
as li•tle manufacturers in existence. With regard to
teat capitalists, from whom the-Noble Duke appre-
i endt-.1 so much mischief, it was fortunate for Scot-
land that she pos.essed such characters, for every
body of common expo fence knew perfectly well that
even the existence of trade depended on capital.
With respect to regulation of stamping, he consi-
dered it as the most injurious of all; it took tive-and-
twenty per cent. out of the pocket of th: manufac-
turer, and wits, in every puint of view, the most op-
rr:s ire regalation that could affect the linen trade.
The present 1;iil relieved the manufacturer ft ont use-
less and abAird reitrants on trade; and he must de-
eare, that the Noble Lords opposite, who had
brought the Bill furs arid, and sup! orted it throoßh-
ent, had renaere,l a great service to trade.
The clauses wet: then agreed to, and the Bill was
reported, without any amendmeats, to the House.—
Adjourned till to-morrow.
_

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Lerd LOWTHER presented a Petition from certain Inhabi-
tints of Cumberiand, praying for the abolition of slavery in the
West Indies.—Ordercd to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. KENNEDY, the House went into a
Committee on the Scotch Juries Bill. The Report was received,
and ordered to be taken into Consideration on Wednesday next.
Mr. GOOCII presented a Petition from the Town of Bun-
gay, praying for the altolition of the Duty,on Coals.—Ordered to
lie on the table.
The Barilla Duties Bill was read a third time and passed.
'1 he Prize-money Distribution Bill was read a third time and
p assed.
The Report of the Pass:Te of Vesse!, Regulation Bill was re-
eels.:.l, akdi the Bill ordered to be read a third time on Friday next.
The E:tate 11.11 was read a third time and passed.
The Repoli of the Southwark Court of Requests lid! was re-
ceived, :lad ot acted to be taken into further consideration.
The Report of the East India Postage Bill was brought up.
Nr. I lUME wished to know why threepence should be
charged on letter to soldiers and sailors in the East Indies, and
only one penny in all other parts of the world? He moved that
threepence should he left out and one penny inserted.
Mr. lIEIiILIES suggested the postponement of the amend-
ment until sack time as the House should have an opportunity
of seeing the other regulations in connection with this; it would
then appear, that, taken together, they were for the benefit of
the service.
The gallery was cleare..! for a division, but none took place.
Further-consideration of the Ifi l postponed to Thursday next.
On the motion of Mr. ELLICE there was ordered to be laid
before the House Copies of all Correspondence between the Go-
wrnment and the South Sea Company, respecting the Com-
pany's affairs.
Lord MILTON presented a Petition from certain Clothiers,
praying that no alteration might take place in the Duty on Fo-
reign Wool.—Ordered to be printed.
The East India Mutiny and the East India Trade Bills were
postponed to Friday next.
The Occasional Voters' BEI was postponed tillto-morrow.
Dr. LUSHIN GTON presented a Petition from Charles
Trust, now a prisoner in Newgate, praying for inquiry into his
case.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT asked whether the Right Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Peel) would communicate to the House any
official information respecting the riots that had recently taken
place at Maghera? Ile did not wish tel prejudge the question, or
to offer an opinion on it at present.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that as the subject was to be in-
vestigated by the Magistrates, It would be better for the present
tp abstain from any statement of circumstances. From the most
autbentk accounts Ahich reached him, it appeared that there
had been fpur killed, three badly wounded, so that amputation
became necessary, and several others more slightly wounded. •
Mr. A BERCROMBY said, that he was desirous some day
should be fixed for the discussion of the Illegal Oaths Bill, as he
would then take an opportunity of offering some observations
which had been suggested •by circumstances that had occurred
since the measure was introduced.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, his Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Gout-
burn) would have no obj,!ction to afford the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman the opportunity he desired. .
