AMERICAN PAPERS.

This morning we received Boston Papers to the ,
' 17th.ultimo. Halifax to the 25th, and New York to
the 17th, from Which
ON, Awe give the following extrattS:
BOST l2,
'The brig Trim, Captain Luce, from St. Übe's, oil
she 19th et July, was boarded, in lat. 30.10ng. 67.30.
from. the Carthagenian privateers, and the Captain
• carried on board the Commodore's vessel, who ap-
peared to be an Irishman ; and he asked if he al-
lowed his men to plunder He answered, they had
free toleration to do as they pleased, and if he affron-
ool them they would put him and the crew to death.
NEW YORK, AUGUST 14.
Captain Bond, of the British brig Peter Ellis, from
Guadeloupe, informs that the French Governor,
leirdnozi, had arrived at Guadeloupe, and took pos.
session of that island on the 25th of July.
=TRACT OF A LICITIR FROM HALIFAX, DATED Auo,
Our letters from the United States represent
every thing dull. So great is the stagnation of trade,
that but very few of the merchant vessels are etri-
ploysd. Most of our countrymen who have emi..
greed, are said to be in a most deplorable state t a
number of them have applied to the different British
Consuls, to be sent borne as distressed British subjects.
To alleviate our neighbours' distresses, in part, some
of our leading Ines, we'are sorry to hear, are sending
their money Ont of the province, to invest in .Ame-
rican Bank Stock; and are such acts justifiable?"'
• General Toledo, by an article frOm Alexandria of
nth August, had arrived in that place. This Officer
sommanded a' part of the Revolutionary force in.
South America. He was accompanied by his Se-
cretary and another Gentleman. They came passen-
gers, we understand. with Captain Grinnolds, from
New Orleans, where an attempt had been made by
sortie of the emissaries of the old Government to as.
sessinate him. from which he narrowly escaped, a
bill passing through the cuff of his coat.
The object of his visit to Alexandria was a pro.
Round secret. Time appeared little doubt it related
tofurthering the views of the Revolutionists, although
it is said he has declined the services of many indivi-
duals, and appeared averse to private conversation.
• On the 2d January he was denounced by D. Orrris,
" a trsitoro who was preparing an expedition at New
_Orleans. against the dominion of the Xing, his
master."
The Baden Daily Arivartiror of the 18th ultimo,
contains the following
" HALIFAX, AUGUST e.
" Arrived the schooner Four Sons, Kelly, ten days
ftem Boston, with flour and sheep on deck : a
scheoner from Quoddy, with a car4o of timber, re-
ported the brig Prince of Waterloo, WALKER,
thittpjF/0 days from Annatto Bay, (Jamaica),
wit) rwae, rum, coffee, &c. for Quebec, on C.e
ah si, rata, Cape Antonio, be *ring due west,
at two P.. discovered seven sail of vessels (six
achoJurrs and one brig) two of whom bore down
and boarded uss which proved to be Spaniards; the
next day saw the same vessels, three of them again
stood for us an.-1 fired a gun, which passed over as ;
sent their boats and left 24 Spaniards on board,
armed with swords, pistols and cutlasses ; took
charge of the brig, sent the Master, with his papers.
on board the Commodore, and made the Mate and
crew prisoners on deck.
" They then proceeded to rob the vessel, broke
open the Captain's trunk, from which they toot 1500
in gold; stole the Mate and mein' clothes, broke
the Captain's quadrant, and swore they would mnr.
der every damned Englishman on board. One of
the schooners had a Cross in her foretop.sail. and
wet thought to be the privateer Industry, formerly
of Baltimore."

No particulars are known by Government respect-
lag the attack on Algiers beyond those which we
yesterthy laid before our Readers; nor is it probable
that Ministers will publish any thidg on the subject
till the Official Account, which was sent of by Lord
EXMOUTH on the 9Sth ultimo, shall reach them.—
The French Consul's account was dated the Slst.
Expecting the bombardment, it is possible he had
tetiredinte the country. Algiers lies on the side of
a mountain rising rather abruptly from the sea, with
strong batteries, especially to the westward. The
country houses of the Consuls are mostly on a hill to
the eastward of the town.

The Algerines were assisted in their defence by
some Europeans, chief y french, among whom are.
reckoned 56 Officers of Artillery, and 18 of Engi-
neers l • but nothing could withstand the destructive
ITS of the cannon, the bombs, and the rockets,
abowred upon the place by the British men of war.
What terms can his Lordship have given to such
* faithless 'brute as the Dux of As GIZNS 1 is the ques-
60A in every one's mouth. If his Highness is to be
permitted again to navigate the Mediterranean the
work must again be repeated. Does his Lordship
proceed also to Tunis ? Report says, that this is a
point decided on.

- Much as we hope for the termination of that dread-
ful quern of piracy and slavery which has braved
the resentment of Christendom since the time of
liAlliattnssa, and greatly as we applaud the man-
ner in which our Navy is now employed, we do
not hesitate to lay, that a new order of things can-
al* be established to render the navigation of that'
inland sea safe to all nations, and prevent it from
'Pin becoming the theatre of Mnssulman insult,
cruelty, and "Wage; if the bombardment of Algiers is
the only achievement to be attemptel.
The princijulinhabitants of the kingdom of Algiers
ire Arab..sus, Moon, and Jews, estimated at about
200.000 persons, who are lorded over by 12,000 Tur Ina
Sonscious of the malice the people bear them as the ty-
rants of their country. These Turks are a set of des-
perate men, originally collected in the kvant, who
lotus the army, hod the reins of government, and keep
the rut of the people under tribute. The cruelties and
. Atrocities of all kinds the latter experience from their
masters, can only be equalled by their conduct to
Christian Slaves. The inhabitants of a Moorish tows
tremble at the sight of a Turk. It is natural, there.
tore; to suppose that they are always anxious end ready
.to bet reed Arum *se intruders, who have ,usurped
authority over them bypurdering their lawful Prince,,
filling their country with carnage, and thus .uphold-
ing theinsekTee by 'terror and op pre**. The Bel'
of the intinice are degraded *Awls, and dawn the
Turks only bold sway by extreme vigilance, by dis-
inning the people, by a seven police, and by keeping
pn;iens is the towns and cosbnianding pmat*

• N.IYAII I

• ,

MAILS THIS DAY.
• - AIM Dn. in. 0011;
[Wu • .. • 1 0 • Brazils -•. • 0 0
Waterford -- 1 0 Hambureh .• 0 1
Guernsey and Jersey. 0 0 I Gottenbures - . 1 1
Holland •- . 0 1d I New York - - 1 0
Pleaders - - -0' 0 flails: . - 1 0
France - - - 1 0 Quebec - - 1 0
Lisboa . . - 0 1 Malta . - . 0 0
FALMOUTH, SEP [EMBER It.
Arrived the gpotague packet, with a mail from
New York and Halifax; twenty-four days frum the
former, and seventeen from the latter ; also, arrived
the TELEGRAPH schooner from a cruise. Arrived off'
the Lizard, the Alexander, MtLiac, from Jamaica,
and proceeded on for Lotidon. Sailed his Majesty's
ship WHITING on a cruize —.Wind West.

PORTSMOIM-1, SEPTEMBER it
Arrived the Rapid, JoHNstoN, from Jimmies j MOW
July SO, in comprny with the Sarah, of Liverpool,

DEAL, SEPTEMBER Is.
Arrived this morning arid sailed for the River, the
Dominica, from Dominica; Ranger, Rutonsoren,
from Demerara ; and the Ocean, SMITH, from the
South Seas. Passed at use back of the Sands the
Betsey, from St. Croix, and the Cornelius, from Al.
rica. Cama down from the River, the Marquees of
Wellington, for Bengal ; and the Sir William .Bensley,
for New South Wajes, and remain. Sailed the Hope,
for Bengal, and Em oa, for the South Seas; and the
Prince Frederick, Dutch mlso of war, from Flushing
for Portsmouth.—. Wind W.s.. W.

DpvER, SEPTEMBER IS.
Sailed yesterJay the Flora,. Captain WATSON, for
Calais, with the Margravine of ANSPACH, and re•
turned this morning from .thence with Sir Joust Ni.
cum.,. and family. Arrived this morning, the Prin.
cess Charlotte Packet, from Ostend, with a Mail and
Passenger.; and the Queen Charlotte, Capt. Tnowas.
and Dart,
.Captain Wit.mNson. from Calais, with a
great many Passengers. Sailed this day tl)e King
George Packet, Captaiu.Kmn, with a Mail, and the
Susanna, Captain MOON both for Calais, with Pas-
sengers.
COWES, SEPTEMBER IS.
Arrived the Charles, Russm. master, from the
South Seas, full ship, bound to London.
HARWICH, SEPTEMBER IR.
Arrived the Thetis Packet, with 3 Mail; twin
Gottenborgh,. • .___

QREENOCK. SEPTEMBER 10.
The ship Jane, Ropxst, from hence to Quebec,
which sailed yesterday, was driven on shore daring
the night on a sandy beach at liunterstott, three miles
below Largs : it is expected she willibe got off without
damage. The Nightingale, GRAY, which likewise
sailed yesterday, came to at the Fairlie Roads, and
the N iney, Love, has pu! back to the tail of the bank.
—The Echo, tilgGia.utstu, arrived here on Sunday
from Quz•brc, in 32 days; on the 19 Is. ult. in lat. 45.
32. N. long. 47. 20. W. spoke the,Kite, from Liver-
pool for St. John's, Newfoundland, with loss of both
topmasts, out 40 days and on the 21st, the Perse-
verance, from London, in list,-.40 35. long. 45. 22.
all well.

GRAVESEND, SEP EMBER IS.
Arrived the Orestes, Piajey, Samuel Barnet, Walker, and
Sappho, Sleigk, from Jamaica; El;as, Bower, and Chance, Min-
tor, from Rotterdam; Friends, Hanna, from ramose Leap
sin, Tindal, from Petersburg ; Britannia, Fisher, from Grenada,
Niebolmon, from Rita; Matchless, Watson, front Nrw
York:. Palo, Moron, from Autism. Boned, dm Nrsbirt, Omit
and Wear, Thorn, for Madeira; Misery% Sagami. lir Sts
Thomas's; Bedford, Brockmati, foe Barbadoee; Rom, Burt,-for
Oporto; Albion, Wotten, for Ostend; Rene, Berry, for BergeW;
Pam. Ewell* for Embden ; Robert, Wrightson, for Bt.Lnele.

Upwards of ROO conw►icts are daily employed for
the completion of the arrangements that have been
formed for a new► Dock-yard at Sheerness.
The DIANA, LATONA, and BLANCHE, of 38 rine
.eacbtAtrewdered to be built in the Royal Dock-yard
at Chatham.

By the ORPHEUS' from Rio Janeiro, we have re.
ceived accounts to the 21st of July, which throw
some light on the warlike preparations and future,
views tithe Portuguese in that quarter of the world.,
We some days ago had occasion to notice, that Corn+
modore Bowmor, in the Minima frigate, had carried
out instructions to remonstrate against the projected
descent of the Brazil troops on the territory of L 4
Plata, but we expressed our dread of his erriving too'
late, after so long a detention at Portsmoeth He,
however, arrived four days after the eepedition had
sailed, and immediately a cotter was sent atter its
and the result was, that all the troops, baggage, can.
non stores, icc. were landed in the Island of St. Ca'
therine's, the troops put into barracks, and the stores
llodgedin magazines. The hired neutral transports
were paid off, so that the threatened invasion of the
Eastern side of La Plata is man end for the present:
From .this it appears that Ministers are not so indif.
'trent to the affairs of the Western World as some
of our contemporaries would insinuate; and as the
same people maintain they ought to be.
It now appears beyond doubt, that one of the mar-
riage conditions between Spain and Portugal was,
that the latter theuld reconquer Buenos Ayres on
account of the gust, as an equivzjat for the dowries
the two Paptcasses were to carry with them. Had
this been the case, what would /11", become of our
trade there ? If Spain is too illiberal to accept the
mediation' of Great Britain, why is Portugal to in-
terfere in an hostile manner
The Portuguese PAINCESULS left Rio Janeiro (or
.Cadiz on the Sd of July, in a Portuguese man of war,
accompanied by two frigates, one of which was Spa-
nish. Lord Benz:wow is in one of theta. He has
ices made Commandersin-Chief of the Portugal.
troops, but is to act independently of the Regency..
He has had an estate given him in Portugal, worth,
12,000 dollars per annum; has been paid all his ar-
rears of service money, and all his expensetrat Rio.
DAanto Reassm—About ten o'clock this more.
' ing, two coats and a pair of Wellington overalls, was
taken from the shop door of Mr. ffolaune, Picket-
, street, Strand, whilst be was sitting in the parlour it
.the back of the shop, at breakfast.
A Quint To .POLITICAL E001401111111.1i
of the want of riches, and aa adventurous specalsol
tion resulting from necessity .; or is is a proof of re.l
covering prosperity, and prognostic of better days,
that gaarza's Gtfice, Charing Cross. has hem
, lately so folly attended /—Both canoes may operate ;
but there is another which Is thought to hone its in.'
' fictence—Nagtely, the certainty sIPSOMS Con.
sole, at least, must find sa OwWer•en Ttiesdayantt,
and the gesatt prbability dot curs% aloe. ath
*Oh tbe Talk Mn, • • •

it 4
