P.OX I NG.

. Ouvea BURN AND W. GRINSHAW.—TO make up for the disap•
?ointment oas the preceding day, one of the bed battles, combining
all the requisites for the clog, was, fotight yesterday between these
men ; the fottner of whom f 4 thi brother of Jens Burn, all over
bred, and the other a son of Vulcan, who has terrified Itt Di in
the neighbourhood of Hammersmith. It was a hasty match foe
.€lO, knocked up on Tuesday, at a sporting house lin the road
from Lalehain when Bacchus reigned over Seager and Evaties
white satin. it eleven o'ctock yesterday Morning the parties Met
pn Old Oak Common ; Jem Burn and Oliver seconding Oliver
Burn; and Thomas O'Becittt, the backer of Young Vulcan, and
Tom Callis,were tidily employed in cleansing the blacksmith's claret.
In the first round but little mischief was dune, both were trying
for the first hit, and Vulcan's son mitle'it at too much distance for
punishment. Both down.
S. A rare merry round. Burn made the claret dy from his ad-
versary's pimple in good form with the left hand, hut the smith
would be with him, and Burn, the best fi,hter, was obliged w act
with caution. The smith Was throstin.
3. Both full on their mettles the *ankh made the play, and
placed two blows, which were smartly returned upon his osfrontis,
which, as a wag sung nut, gave him the vitrifies. Ile shook his
head, and went in to work, and threw his adversary.
4 and 5. There was much fighting, but Burn had the best of
_ .

both mends, by lashing out ettlie Dead and breaking his ground.
The smith ;laced some budy hit% hitt his bead was bleeding much.
6. The smith made the play, and gave his adversary a bit on the
eye. 'loth down in a struggle. •
and 8. turn floored his adversity With the left hand in both
rounds with touch dexterity.
9., The smith fought couragetitisty:and exchanged his hits well,
but the piper was on hoard. and it was Lombard. street to a fig.
10, 11, and 12. Awn made all the play, by well.directed left-
handed hits, 'until his 'adversary's nob was scarified like pork for
roasting, but thire was no denial about him.
13. The smith showed some fight, but he fell weak.
14. In this round Burn finished his adversary by a bower, and
won the battle in seventeen minutes and a few seconds.
Neverawrxx-uvox-Trxit, Ocr. 26.—Yesterday was the day ap-

.
pointed for the fight for ten sovereigns a-side, which has been for
some time in contemplation, between Thomas Donn, hatcher, and
James Wallace, bricklayer, both of 'kit town, At an early hour
numbers of persons were to be seen hovering about the streets,
anxious to learn and to see ail that could be learnt or wen connected
with the approachingcontest. Coaches., gigs, and horses of eyery
description were put in requisition, and continued from aboutioine
till twelve o'clock to move in the direction of Harlow Fell, near the
village of Ryton, which was the plate fixed upon as the scent of
action. We have not been able to obtain any replan of the pro.
ceedings previous to our going to press, but there appears to be no
doubt that Wallace beat his opponent with great ease. A gentle-
man who has just returtod from the ring, informs us that Dunn
was thrown the first round, and throughout the fight, which was
over in less than a quarter of an hour, was very severely punished.
There were six or seven rounds. No great sums were pending on
the contest, but betting was six to four in favour of Dune. We
regret to idd, that immediately before the fight began, the carriage
in which Dunn rode ran over a man, by which be had both his
legs broken.—Tyne Mercury.
MATCH AT Cuess.—The two games at present depending be-
tween the London and Edinburgh clubs are likely to be both drown.
The odds against Edinburgh, at one period, were 3 to I.
Thursday evening there was rung, on the new bells, in Trinity
Church, Newingtah, !true and complete peal of grandsite triples,
consisting of 5,040 changes, in three hours, being the first peal rung
in that method, and the second on the bells. It was performed by
eight of the Junior Society of College Youths, and conducted by
Joseph Ladley.

Another of those sold exploits, called a Steeple Chace. took p'aee
yesterday, from Wembley-Green, near Harrow, to Burnham
near Maidenhead, a good sixteen miles gallop, over a rough coun-
try. The adventurers were, a Gentleman of the name of Herne, an
occasional bold fox-hunter kb the Berkeley hounds, and a Mr.
Marojor. It was for 100 sovvreigns. Mr. Ilerne won the match
by *fit seizing the bridle of a person on horseback, statianed for the
purpose. Mr, Alarriot was about five miaow; behind him. The
ground was done in one hour and ten minutes.

The last accounts from New York state, that the huge
ship Columbus, %%Mal lately left Quebec for England,
drove ashore on the shoals of Betsiamitis, about seven
miles below the mouth of the Saguenay, on the Bth of
September. Her c'ew were employed In lightening
her, and several deals were seen adrift near het. Slut
remained ashore until Sunday, the i2th September, on
the afternoon cf which day she was seen steering down
the river with a fair wind.

CHATNAN, OCT. 26.—Sunday afternoon, Mr. Word-
sworth and Mr. Cooper, Admiralty Midshipmen of the
Prince Regent, of 120 guns, I)ing at Gillingham,
jumped overboard to swim a,hore-: the former was un-
foritinately drowned, but the latter was picked up by
the great exertions of the Officers and crew; we are
sorry to state that Lieutenant Weekes, of the same
ship, in jumping into a boat in order to rescue the
young Gentle-men, had the misfortune to break his leg..
Wednesday, at the Berks General Quarter Sessions, tt
was resolved, That the neat Easter Sessions for that County should
be held at Newbury, as heretofore.
At Newport, Isle of Wight, at an auction lan week,
a Geotlrnsais bought a bundle or walking sticks for ht. 6d. be int-
'inediately sold one for 3s. dd. and on further examined," be dis-
covered a gold-headed retie, worth £6.

It A 114-2
MIS. *V&
1 0 I

DAY.

Waierford 1 0 I
Guernsey aaJ lass? 0 0
I lib= 1 0
Gottenbures 0 1
1 0

Jamaica

• att. Wino
frame 0 1
0 1 r
Flanuers 0
buds . .0
0 0 •0,c1.9
Leeward Islands 0 1/'' VidT('t
Amtrics . p • %Iv frA

-;"-7

_

4

• LAN'

AND MACHINERY.

_ 13; esa 11.1 4.14ga
• APamphlet. under the above title, containing Ab-
stracts of the Acts repealing the Lams against Combi-
nation of Workmen, and Emigration of Artizlns; and
for Arbittating.diffrrences between Workmen and their
Employers; the speech of Mr. Hume, 12th of Fe-
bruary. 1824, on moving for a Committee on the laws
respecrLg Combinations, Emigration of 'Artisans, and
Exportation of Machinery ; Lists of the Committee.
&c. hailust made its appearance, and we think cannot
be too widely circulated, for the information of all
parties, and especially f the working classes.
The proceedings in Parliament, and the other matters
embraced by the pamphlet, are introduced by a brief
temperate address to the working people, by the Clerk
of the Committee, and a well-written letter from Mr.
Hume, which we shall subjoin, and which we think
could hardly fail to make a strong impression on the
working cla.i,es generally, but especially those fur'
whom it was more particularly intended.

" AN' ADDRESS TO THE WORKING PEOPLE DT 'VIZ
UNITED KINGDOM.
" Having for a considerable time past turned my
attention to the laws relating to trade, manufactures,
and commerce, particularly to those which more imme-
diately affect the working man and his employer, I
cannot but congratulate you on the proceeJings in Par-
liament during the Session which has just terminated.
By repealing all the laws against combinations of work-
men to raise their•wages, and to regulate their hours
of working, and also by forbidding any proceedings
against thoe who may combine for these purposes,
either by statute or by the common law, under the pre-
tence of conspiracy, a most important service has been
rende,el both to you and to the community at large.
" I shall not at pte;ent inquire whether the Act
which repeal, the law against combinations of work-
men, be, or he not altogether so perfect as it might
have been; but I trust that, in its legal construction
and purport, its real object will be accomplished,
namely, to permit peaceable combinations of all claste•
of work-people, and also, of their employers, to pro-
mote their own interests, and in so doing. the interest
of the conittrf, without being liable to legal interrup.
lion. The two clauses in the Acr, providing for the
Punishment of any act of violence which may arise out
of any such combination, were introduced-for the pur-
pose of quieting tie apprehensions of some persons who
feared that the effect of being emancipated from the
scourge of the Combination Laws, would cause such a
re-action among you, as to require other means than
those which the laws had provided for the protection of
the masteri and their property from outrage and vio-
lence. How far such apprehensions are justified, I will
not take upon myself to say ; but I do most anxiously
hope that, by a moderate and temperate exercise, of
your restored rights, yon will leave no room for Any
one to condemn the repeal of the laws ; much less that
any one of the many respectab!e persons who have most
disinterestedly and laboriously exerted themselves in
your behalf, should, in consequence of any nri_c6nduct
of yours, be compelled to regret their efforts to set ve you.
" The repeal of the laws against combinations of
um kitten, hats not been the woe k of any party; his
Majesty's Ministers, as well as those Members in both
I louses of Parliament, who are generally opposed to
them, have concurred in this measure; and it Would
indeed-4,111 becarrire yOu, as it would be hurtful to
your 1111616 W, ele• you to afford those illiberal and
selfish persons who would have held you still in slavery,
the opportunity °flaying that they knew you best, and
how yriu ought. to bi ruled, when they
_opposed the
repeal of the Combination Laws.
" I'am your well-wisher,
" GEORGE WRITE,
Ckrk to the Conondttee, and Agent for
" London. July 30, 1524. Parliamentary Business."
LETTER FltObl JOSEPH HUME, ESQ. M.P. TO MR. JOHN
EDMONSTONE, CHAIRMAN OF TIIE COMMITTEE OF
OPERATIVE WEAVERS OF GLASOOW.
" lkyanstone-square, London, Sept. 14, 18•24.
" Sin—l was only yesterday favoured with your let-
ter of the 7th inst. and, as you request to know my
sentiments, after an attentive consideration of the state-
ments contained in your letter, I lose no time to comply
with your request.
do not intend to express the least doubt of the
correctness of the statement of suffering which the
operative weavers have so long borne, nor do I dispute
the statement which,yeur letter just received contains ;
but I would attribute the low wages to sortie other
causes than those which you have assigned ; and it may
be from our differing as to the causes, that we differ as
to the remedy.
" I believe that tie first lowering of weavers' and
other wages, was an act, on the part of the masters, of
necessity ; and that the combination laws, together with
a surplus of workmen have prevented you from obtain-
ing that fair rise which ought to have taken plate in
the changed state of our inneufactories. It would have
been unreasonable to expect that effects, arising from
these united and long continued causes, should all at
once have been removed by the removal of only one of
the causes ; but I did expect that great benefit would
be derived by the operatives being at liberty to protect
themselves against the acts•of the very few masters who
had availed themselves of the power which the coatbi-
nation laws gave them.
" I still do expect, that great benefit will be de-
rived by the repeal of the combination laws, if the
imprudent Conduct of the operatives
.do not.urge the
masteri 'to obtain a renewal of the power they formerly
had to oppress.
“In,mlitnj parts of the country an increase of wages
has taken place, and a better feeling between masters
and min as beettgradually taking place; but I can
scarcely antioi*to such, results from the course the
operatives,in prwevcAre following.
" You arenOy,m, i skuation to work on your own
terms, or to remain idle if you please; and you may, at
a public or private meeting, come to tesolutions that
you, who are present, and as many others as may agree
in opinion with you, will not work at lower rates than
you may fix upon ; and you may, farther, publish such
a table of rates, and awe resolutions you may come to, ,
to abide hy them. I consider the power of doing so to
be very important, and sufficient to answer your pur-
pose, as far as by such means you can do so. But to
proscribe Mr. Hutchison,, or any other master, and
forbid others to work for him, you are guilty of an of-
. fence contemplated in the sth and)6th ,sections of the

Act, as (rioted in the Glasgow Free Press of the 7th inst.
It does not appear necessatsy for ;you actoally to kit
violent hands, or to threaten individuals with pets:total
violence, who might be dispose) to work for Mr. Hut-
chison; the publication of his name, as you have done,
would,. 1 fear,,:, be held sufficient by the Justices, in
' many parts of the country, to bring you under the lash
of the law.
"If Mr. Hutchison pays 6id. fat work, for hick
other manufaatirers pay 7d. or fids, you mat obtain
,your object 4.,publlcly declaring that you will .not
'work under 7d. or • Bd. for any reran—land you will be
safe in doing so.
" In the 'competition that exists amongst masters in
every line of business, you most expect that every one
will extend his business by holding out inducements to.
his customers as much as possible, by•reducing the
prices of his goods ;and that reduction may be effected
by the command of capital, making lower purchases of
the raw material, or by better and improved machinery,
and by reduction of wages. It is desirable for our fo-
reign commerce, that all these should be attended to by
manufacturers; and it must be evident to you, that
as the consumers will buy the cheapest articles of equal
quality, so- will the masters buy the cheapest labour
they can purchase. if there ate moie'cloths made than'
the demand will take away at fair prices, the competi-
tion of the masters to get rid of their goods, will
reduce the prices, as we have seen often, to make
them for a time to sell at a great loss. It, in the same
way, there is more labour to be sold than the masters.
ate disposed or able to purchase at the ordinary rates,',
' the labourers, in order to exist, must coral etc an.l tar
their labour at prices that will scarcely support them
under the greatest privations. Both of these supposed
cases are ruinous for the patties, but the semedies are
not equally easy for both. The master may, and will
immediately cease to manufacture o hat he cannot sell
to a profit ; but the labourers cannot cease to ear, and
will take brown if they cannot get ft/tile bread, and
must suffer long and great privation until the nonther
of hands are somewhat equal to the work to be doire.-
I endeavour to make myself understood by the compa-
rison I have made, and by that, I think, it appeal
that the change in the situation of the opera:lies, which
you expect to take place, cannot be forced in the way.
you ate attemritag. As I consider the spirit of ensure.'
tition that exists amongst the met chants in the London,
market to be the best means of improving your situa
;ion, I cannot agree with you that it should be put
down. On the contrary, 1 ant confident, that if the
spit it of competition was put down, and the trade kept
in the hands of a few hou.es, it would then be in the
you Cr of the toasters, as is now the case in the type-
tounder apd other trades in London*, to agree ambngst
each other, and fix your wages at their own rate.
" You seem to be aware that the numbers of your
trade are too great to admit of all obtaining a pope'
livelihood, and you are very right to adopt such area;
sores as you can for preventing a farther increase;' but if
you will apply the principle which you adrret, properly
to your own situation, I leel confident that yo u will not
think it possible, by the steps you have taken respecting
Mr. Hutchison, to obtain your object.
" In geniral, 1 think the hours of labour of the ope-
ratives are too many, and the wages too low ; but it will
require time, under the operation of a flee market for
labour, to hi ing these round to their proper level ; and
I would urge you not to attempt to force b'y violent
means, what you can only obtain by acting steadily on
the principles I have endeavoured to explain. You re-
quest me not to desert you in your efforts to improve
your situation, which I most certainly shall not do.
And all' I ask of you is, not to desett yourselves by mea.
sores that all your friends will not be able t 6 counteract.
I have candidly, and, I hope, cleat ly stated my opinions.
" 1 am, your obedient servant,
"JOSEPH HUME."

THE SUN.
An eclipse of thL luminary will take place on the
28th, but invisible to us, being below the horizon. .The
apparent diameter of the moon exceeding that of the
sun, a total eclipse will take place along the visual line
of concenttic obscnration. The sun will arise in darkness
at the tow nof Sonitcheoufou, in China. Its appear-
ances will be very interesting at Canton, but more par-
ticularly near the Fox Isle., Miele the eclipse will be
total while the sun is on the meridian. A partial eclipse
will bevisible to most of the islands in the North Pacific
Ocean, in Baffin's Bay, and as far as Spitzbergen.

WANSTEAD HOUSE.—The proceeds of the sale of this
princely' Mansion and its furniture, &c. have been greater
than w.as expected by the creditors, who are now •re-
ceiving 10). in the pound, and are in expectation of a
further dividend of ss. in the course of a month or two.
In Colombia, the population cf which is reckoned at
four millions of inhabitants,.there are eighteen Journals,
forty new schools of mutual instruction, ten Colleges,,
one iii each of the chief places cf the ten Departments of
the Republic, aNd three Universities, at Bogota, Ca-
raccas, and Quito. There are taught in the schools all
the sciences cultivated in Europe, except political car.
nomy, and the mechanic and industrious arts. "The
'French language is there particularly cultivated;. the.
public library of Bogota, which is composed of 14,000
choice volumes, contains a great number of Fiend)
works.—Brussels Paper.
A curious scene has been exhibited at a meeting of
the Galway branch of the List) Bible Society, held last
week. flit. Grace the Archbishop of T tram took the
Chair, and two Clergymen, supporters of the Institu-
tion, were heard in commendation and furtherance of
its object. A Roman Catholic Clergyman, named
Daly, now presented himself, but the Archbishop pe-
remptorily refused to hear from him a word—clamour
and confusion of course ensued. A motion was made
to remove the Archbishop from the Chair, which he re-
fused to put, but at last abdicated and retreated, and
the place of meeting was surrounded by a military
force of the 10th Hussars. The assembly, however,
I did not disperse—the Chair was taken by a Protestant
Barrister, and several Resolutions, moved by Protestant
Gentlemen, were put and carried.—These Resolutions
were, in substance, condemnatory of the Right Rev.
Chairman's conduct—complained of the calling•of the
armed feitob but bore testimony to the good conduct
llof the troOA and lastly, denounced as mischievous the
proceedings of the Hibernian Bible Society. We should
add, that an address to the LORD LI&UTENANT on the
calling out of the Military, was also agreed to, and for-
warded to Dublin.
The man who played the flute, by some accident
broke it while in the orchestra of Covent-garden
Theatre; Edwin, running juto the Green-room, cried
out, " Poor fellow, poor fellow What's the mat-
ter, my dear Edwin?' cried Mrs. Webb.--g 4 Why,
Madam," rejoined Edwin, " poor Mr.— has just split
his windpipe r

' ANECDOTE OF BACON, THE SCULPTOR. "
The ludicrous story about Sir Joshua Reynolds and
Ithe Unfortunate waistcoat of his ft iend Astley, ,related
sin a popular collection of anecdotes, willfiodi coun-
terpart in the following anecdote of auotbeT artis4 and
another waistcoat :
• Bacon was rernarkablY neat in his dross,. an ac-
cording to the coaume of the old school, wore, in fine
weather, a powdered whip, ruffles, silver buckles, white
silk stockings, &c. and walked wig; his golden-headed
Vane. Thus attired, he one day called at Sr. Paul's,
:shortly after having erected.the statue of the, benevo-
lent Howard, and before the boarding which enclosed
the statue was remo'ved. One of his,sons was employed
at this time in 'finishing .the Statue. After. tognaaming
here a short time, he .complained of being somewhat
cold ; on which the„saio'proposed, at no one could over.
look thorn, that he shotild put on, as a kind of tem-
porary spencer, an old, "torn, green shag waistcoat,
with a red stuff back, which had been left there by one
of the woe kmen. He said it was a good thought,"
and accordingly buttoned the waistcoat ever his hand-
some need coat. Shortly afterwards he was missing,
but returned in about an hour, stating that he had been
to call on a Gentle Man in Doctors' Commons, and hads
sat chatting with his wile and daughters, who he had.
never seen befire that he found them to be exceed-
ingly pleasant wontyn, though perhaps a little tits much
clisitoied.to laugh and titter about he knew not what.l
" Sir," said his son, 44 I am afraid I can explain their'
mysterious behaviour—surely you have not kept on
that waistcoat all this time?' " But as sire a; lam a
living man, I have," said he,, laughing heartiiy, 46 and
I can now account not only for the strange behaviour
of the Ladies, but for all the jokes 'that -htilie been
cracked about me as T a alked ' along the streets, some
persons hooting, others crying lei him atone, he does
it for a wager, &c. all whhh, from being' quite uncon-
scious of my appearance, I thought was levelled at
some other pet son that might be following near me:
and I now- recollect that whenever looked around to
discover, the t bject of their pleaiintry, the people
laughed, and the more so, as, by the mere'force of sym-
rathy, I laughed also, although I could• not imagine
,What it ad megit`

POLICE I.V FELLIGENCE.

M-4SIONsIIOI.ISP.
Yesterday, Edward anSomas humanoid were charged *Geese
pinion of having stolen a parcel, containing :4,9.1'3/. the property of
Messrs. Snow and Co. the :ulcers.
The porter of the Bankers, it wi;l he recollected, was, in going
through the City towards the West-end, robbed of the parcel,
which was cut out of his coat-pocket by some fellows who Intidcl
followed hint a considerable way. One person pressed against idea
two or three times, and disappeared at the corner of Slit hl-lane,
when the portet missed;the parcel.
A journeyman baker stated, th it he was about the time of the•
robbery standing in Shoe-bne, talking to a friend. Ile observed
the two prisoners, whom he knew, and a person whom he did not
know, conic quickly down.the lane, and turn sharply round the
corner of a court. Witness knew this two brothers, in conse-
quence of having seen them about the streets, and their mangier at
the time induced him to soy to the person who stood next to bins,
that they had been doing no good, nr something to that effect. He
could speak menu positively es to the identity of Edhward than of
'nom .s. His recollection was sharpened by the circumstance of
hie seeing an account ef the obbery Mints diately afterwarieinelle
Newspapers. Ile mentioned what he knew to some acquaintauces.
and they urged him to titre information of the parties. Upon this,
information, it appears, the prienners were apprehended.'
The Solicitor for the ptiaonets requested that they should be dis-
charee d, as there was no mum! fof -detaining them.
The Loan FAVOR was informed by Air. Brown, the Marshals
that further evidence might he adduced is the interval between this
and another ezaminatiou.- -Ns fiere.ship remanded them.
1161,-.STIMET.
Tuesday evening two soldier! werelsroitglit to this Officeyfollowed
by an immense crowd of peepte„thargedakith a very groSs outrage
that evening, in Weels.tetreto, Dttr pane. • • The netneit of the pri-
soners were Allesanikr IlummicanA Mite/dl, the former a pri-
vate in the 2d hattahon of the Ist Foot Guards, and the latter in
the 7th Fusileera. They were both in a state of intoxication, but
not so much so as to seem utn:onzclotis of what they were doing.
The complainant was an Wetly woman, who seemed, independ-
ently of the consequences of Cie violence she had just received, to
be in extremely delicate health. 1 ler name is Alary Clarke, and
she is the wife of a hair-dresser iu Ivy-lane, she and her daughter
carrying on business as bonnet-malters, in a small way, at No. 52,
Wych.etreet.
The case was about to be gone into, when Mr. II Ur r.s, perceiving
that Mrs. Clarke was :lrch agit,it-d, and that the soldiers were
hardly in a fit state to he examined, ordered them to be taken to the
watch-house forthr night.
Yesterday the soldiers were again brought up, when it appeared,
by the evidence of Mrs. Clarke, her daughter, Mr. John Marshall,
clerk to a Solicitor in King's Arms-yard, Coleman-street, Langfield,
a coastable, and other witnesses, that about half-past six o'clock on
Tuesday treating, the defoliants, and a third stUier, were walking
down Wyeli-street, arm in arm, keeping the whole of the loot.
pavemem to themselves, and %Otto th-y attired oppo-ite Mrs.
Clarke's little shop wildow, two of them pushed the third against
it, and broke a pane of glass. Mrs: Clarke very naturally ran out,
and telling them that they had broken her window, desired that
they would pay her for it. Instead of doing so, however, they
abused her in terms the most abominahle: They followed her up
to the dour, to M Lich she retreated in the apprehension of some per-
sonal violence, and she then said tremblingly," Well, Gentlemen, if
you will not pay for it, go quietly about your business." " 0 you b—y
old b—," said Mitchell, " I'll pay fur thew isidow," and instantly
he struck her a violent blow on the temple, which fenced the back
part of her head against the wall and stunned her, and even struck
her while she was leaning in a aviaries.: state against the wall. By
this time a large crowd had collected, and Langfield, the constable,
coming up, he and Mr. Marshall seized Mitchell, and endeavoured
to secure him; but he slipped from them, knocked Langfitld down,
and very neatly served Mr. Marshall the same. Mrs. Clarke's
daughter, in her feeble endeavours to protect her mother, was
threatened by the prisoners with the sane: treatment. The whole
three at length forced their way into Ales. Clarke's shop, where they
broke three more panes of glass, and threw some' of her little stock'
in trade upon the floor, and trampled span lt. They were at length
with great difficulty secured. Mitchell, who had fallen among the
broken glass in the shop, and cut his lace slightly, upon discovering
the hurt he had received, sat down its a chair, and cried for some
minutes. The third soldier escaped.
Mitchell, in his defence, said he believed he broke the window,
and was willing to pay for it on the spot, but when searching in his
pocket for his money, be found that he had been rubbed somehow
or other in the crowd. Mrs. Clarke, he added, hung about his neck
so tightly that be was obliged to push her away.
Ramsey said be bad no share in the matter from beginning to
end, further than endeavouring to get Mitchell away. He did not
assault anybody, nor break any glass.
Mr. Marshall declared that Ramsay was, during the whole time,
extremely violent, and that he endeavoured to rescue Mitchell after
lts was in custody.
Mr. HALLS said, that this was as grow a case as he had heard of
fors long time. The worthy Alagistrate then ordered them to be
taken to prison, and directed the parties to go immediately to the
Sessions then sitting and indict them.

Mistress Mervin then stood forward, and a very 10,11.141 e
person she wrs, no doubt. A brood, muscular front, a hand and arm
that would have done honour to a Clsibb ; a face bronzed by the
combined effects of gin and weather, with a finely mezzotinted orb,
and a few latent marks of &tie contention, gave a tout ensemble, not.
of a'pectiliarly delicate character. Mistress liarrogan seemed fully
.gifted with the usual woman's weapons, and certainly made a most
'able defence. Witness's were called to prove, not the actor! killing
of the complainant, but the actual assault committed ; which, h..w_
ever, not being satisfactorily sustained, the Magistrate clisosi;sA die
'warrant.—Cosnpialaant: Then I'll go to the other Judge, and if I
was to strip every stitch of clothes off my back zed o sisked, 1.1
have justice, and bang her as she deserves.

M 4 RLBOROUG H-STIR ERT.
Yesterday, a letter was banded to Mr. Cossicr, the 131agistra:•
from Messrs. Thornton and Watson, merchants in the City, rt.:
questing to know what had become of a young man named lad:),
who, it appeared by the Papers, bad accused himself, at that or.,
with baying embezzled some of their property... The vilinle strr•
ment,the letter said, was the effect of the unfortunate yo!.‘lv .
deranged state of mind; he had been in their service, hut tket • .
embezzled a shilling.
Mr. Cumin- said, that he really knew not chat had he,cm•
him; hr went from that Office, with an intention, he said, to
before Mr. Halls, at Bow-street, and accuse himself there, as 4,
knew Mr. Halls.

Yesterday a fellow named Ansa Ho: ding was brought before
E. CONANT. Esq. the Magistrate, charged with having ht en foun,l
in the thawit.g toom of the heuse of Mr. Harding, a ntiuigutt-
painter, in Regent-street, with ire ant to commit a rohhery,
Mr. Ilarding stated, that on lionday afternoon last I:
tending on a Lady, who was sitting for her Fortran, in iris back
• drawing-room, when suddenly he turned his er:, and va...s
nished at seeing the prisoner in the front room, making t0.....trd1i a
table upon which were tying some miniatures in morocco rates,
which he took fur jewellery. Witness instantly juniFed up anti ixn
Into the room, but before he could enter, pa:scner ran down %Lir:,
but was met on the staircase by the maid-strvant, who si izt d hint
by the collar, and :detained him till he (witness) came iu her
knee, and a constable was sent for, to whom he was given in :lsip-.
The prisoner had in his hand a basket, containln...t a tow lernoni:::.:3
some willow shavings. Pe said he had found the door t pen. zn.l
bad gone up stairs to offer his lemons for sale.-11e was committed
to the House of Correction for six weeks, as a reputed thief.
UNION-HALL.

A young man, named Thomas nick, an auctiorecr and appraiser,
in King-street, in the Borough. IVai brought lit:tore it. J. CIIAM•
WIS. Esq. dialled with having, on the 18th o: September last, at
the parish of St. Saviour, Southwark, feloniously torged and coun-
terfeited a check, purporting to be the handwriting of Joseph
Turner, and drawn upon Henry Weston. C. :11.-n Young, aud
Ellis Bastock, bankers, for the payment of 4:50, with inn to de.
fraud that firm, against the statute, &c.
: The prisoner appears to be about twenty-four years of age, :int
was stated to have been carrying on a very respect.:ble business in
the upholstery and appraising line, in King-street, Snow's-Grids.
Upon searching the prisoner, sixty-right sovereigns were and
in his purse.
Mr. liaastEa, who attended for the prisoner, requested that tbs
case again 4 his client might be postponed for a future ticarninotioi..
The Niagistrare said, that he had no objection, if the proposition
met with the consent of one of the firru ( Mr. Weston) th.n present ;
who immediately acquiesced in the suggestion; and Mr. Owl-
axes having asked that Gentleman whether he suspected and be-
lieved the prisoner to have committed a forgery oa the bank in
which he was a partner? the answer being in the affirmative, the
prisoner was accordingly remanded.

A STRANGE STORY.—The gaoler of Bristol prison
some days ago ascertained, from a person confined there
for robbery, that there was a coiner in Birmingham,
whose indo•try and talent were procuring for him con-
,iderable stints a money. Anxious ;to give a proof 61.
his viijince, the gaper', prevailed. Upon the prisoner to
' give an exact description of the place in which this mal-
pract'ce Iva carried ur. .A complete labyrinth was
described, but the prisentr, feurn long service in the
trade, was posse iced of the elite,- ands* accurately de-
tailed the w haling' and cenipliCated passes, .s,s hich led
to the penetralia of the coiner, that an attempt to ap-
prehend the offender was determined upon. The gaoler
took with lint an active and daring officer to Dirs
.
mingharn, and proceeded in the dead of night to the.
spot. The coiner wai haid at work at the moareat
those two tremendous visitors pounced upon him. AU
the apparatus lay befOre him, and his binds were black
with quit ksilver. Ah," said lie, " (gentlemen, I'm
your prisoner. I have been sold, and it's all.uver with
me I see." Hir appeared quite chopfallen, but after
little while became iesigned to the
,fate which he said
awaited him. The gaoler spoke as kindly to him, as he
could under the apparently inevitable danger in which
his prisoner was placed, and said that white there was
life there was hope. " Alas, there is do 'tope for me—
what can be clearer than my misfortune?" this Me-
lancholy strain called lath a few more c, n.solatory eb-
set vations, and the gaoler informed his prisoner that
the hour was late, and they must all depart together.
Yes," said the coiner: " just wash this wicked
stuff off my hands, and accompany you." He then
walked over to the wash-hand-basin, which stood in a
corner of the room, stamped upon the floor, and•sud-
denly disappeared through a trap-door. The gaoler and
his companion In an instant jumyed upon the trap-dcor,
which closed the moment the descent was made, re-
solved to van aft hazards rather than lose their object.
The coiner was, however, too clever a fellow not to se-
cure hiMself a little better than was expected. The
trap-door was immovable. The disappointed gaoler
called out to the fugitive, who only answered in the
words of the poet, " Adieu, adieu, remember me." The
gaoler pulled out his pistols, told the " scoundrel" he
should not escape in that manner, and ran to the room-
door with a determination to catch lam in the lower
room, with the entrance to which he had been made
acquainted. Here, too, he was at fault ; the door was
locked, and lie and his companion were in their aura
the coiner's prisoners. After bawling and roaring for a
considerable time, during - which • preparations were
made below stairs for depakture, they began to pull at
-the leek, whicli resisted aU their efforts. They then
rested for a while; and upon resuming their labour,
both tumbled down, the door flying suddenly open.
The coiner very humanely resolved not to detain them
longer than his necessity required, and sent a messenger
to unlock the door. After an ineffectual search, the
BriStal adventurer returned, astonished and exasperated.

• BIRTH.
4t North. Runeton, Norfolk, on the 24th in*. lady Nutlet
Coney, of a oe. •

•
MARRIED.
Thursday, at St. Giles's Church, Obripplegate, the Rev. Henry
March, of Bungay, to Caroline EGz. Sewell, eldest daughter of
Mr. John Sewell, wholesale jeweller, &e. Fore-street, London.

DfBIM

The 24th instant, at luary'sosw. Islington, the Rev. I. F. MU.
ward, in his 71st year.
October 17, at Abeidies; 6t: hoes, atte of the Ministers of the
Raw Church of that city. He peens:lolos the 'Thursday previous
at the ordination of his colleague, Mr. Murray. He rose on Sunday
morning, although he felt Mined( nut very well, and died about
eight o clock. It is little more than two months since his late col-
league, Mr. Doig, died. The sudden death of the Doctor, which
was known by few till they arrived in Church, excited the surprise
and grief of his congregation, by whodt he was greatly beloved. He
has been about thirty years Minister of the East Church. He was
much respected, and be had both the ability and the inclination to
relieve the needy, by whom his loss will be severely felt.

HIGH-WA'V'ER at LONDON-titlooß TO-MORROW.
Wino( • 8 mutates after 7
• vtartiotoub • • . - 33 mimes after 7

l'etu . a aud Published by J. F. KIALY, nt the STAB OTTLI4
Fickest-Plact, Templc-Bar.

;;..

-

es

frf ..t.:•:.-%

• •••,
.94
9

- t Aso 1
-IOW&

RA
Min
4.4 i Del
in Its*
born 04
*lrbil I

r----'

„j 1 I.‘

~ I~r 1
~~

-
.c3Nil
otos so
.11.1h1
41111PPI

;INN
7e 3 -;110
.•110 •

• eS/i°2 1433 ;
ATIDN AND ARB ART!-
