PARIS, AiiRIL IS.
'fit are *Spred that the Englishirdhps, silsiclf still
occupy *tural places in the kingdom of the Nether-
lands, will forthwith retina to England.

i •

Iresterder,•at mid-day, the Rieke of WeUlsgi
left Paris, it is believed, for Cambay.
• - The French funds have improied to 59f. 2.5 e. '4
t The ceremonies oi the Last-6u pper being too phi!
•Sul tor liva Majesty, whossisinld have bees IV
4-temain long standing., k etas Monsieur who 61Ied the
'plasm of the Kens in, this -act Of piety, pnctiseil by
'our Monarchs from time immemorial,. oo Holy
Thurstl.ty. Thirteen dildrehrof poor but honest Per
rents. were admitted to the. *anew of leptesenting
:the Apostles. They were 'Win reityPiets aadyinenst
on benches sufAciently raised-to enable the nine,
• 'without stop Mg, to via* their feet, wipe them, ale
*ha themr- tiery child" received hostas bands of
• Monsieur a loaf, a small cruse. of • wine, shirts,
able and thirteen five ranc pieces. Tice Pukes
d'Mgouleme and Berri performed the functions of
writers, and brought the bread, lane
win% and the
touts. All these ceremonies were pate through with
ti piety and wOectedness worthy theasseentlants of
Bt. Lotus.
Four inateidaals were yesterday celidealned bif
the Tribunal of Correctional Police to iiikiseeknsente
of different durations, pot, exceeding MO /ear toe
liedkious practices. On the same day slampersept
were exhibited in the pillory in the square of the fli•
lace of Justice.
A Preach paper characterizes the English laWs as
severe, because it remarks that a man of the name of
Henry Mills was condemned to death by a London
Jury for stealing a horse.
By a capitulation concluded at. Zurich os the 31st
of March, eight of the Swiss cantons have agreed se
furnish to France two regiments of the line and one
of de guards.
On the 31st of March the citadel of Alexandria
was given up by the Austrian General Fan:eller, to
Count Rebuffo de St. Michel, a Piedmont/4e Gene-
ral, whoseoroops immediately occupied- it.
The. Prefect of the Sarthe has published an order,
directing that all places of public resort, such as
coffee-houses, taverns, dm. in his department. 'Acre
seditious cries or discourses shall be uttered, shall be
immediately shut up, unless the renters or proprietors
prove that they have neglected no means to prevent
the continuance of such seditious practices. and unless
they immediately make hewer the pectin.
It is said, that the Mauna Cabinet is at present
employed on a plan for the the promnsal or
sanitation of Austria by the ml of a iom
aitUtion nikelipproprito to the hiswasts a d wails
of the country.
• 'Marshal Sault, whew we annonaced as bating ar-
rived at Dusseldorf. will reside_ provisionelly in that'
city, with permission oftrhsee Mordeabwift
.1t appears that U. Canthscrres has seceseed per-
mission td tabs' up his residuum, provisionally, at
Zruneb.

We are assured that the English troops. which oc.
copied many places-in ibeLos. Countries, will return
is to England.
We learn from Ifourdeaus, that no debtors remain
in the prisons of that city—.thanks to the Royal mu.
nificeace of a Prince who has constituted his felicity
in relieving the unhappy.
'they write from Calais. of the date of April 8,
that the aficers of the National Guard of that City
have erected a bust of the 'Ling in the place of their
usnal meetings. AU the Civil and Military Autho-
rities assisted at the ceremony. The Chief of the Le-
gion pronounced a discourse which produced a great
sensation.

CHAMBER OF PEERS.
ADDITION To THE SITTING Of THE 9TH.
Viscount Chateaubriand made w the Chamber the
following proposition :
Gssyrutiaen-1 shall do myself the honour of
submitting to you a prujet of an address to the King.
It is for We purpose of asserting the rights of huma-
nity, and effacing, I trust, the shame of Europe.
The Parliament of England, in abolishing the Slave
Trade in blacks, appears to have suggested for our
emulation a more splendid triumph. ]...et us abolish
the slavery of the whites. 'lbis son of slavery has
too long existed upon the coast of Barbary t for, by
the peculiar design of PEOVIDENCE, whirl places the
examples of punishment where the fault has bey
committed, Europe paid to Aftica the sorrows
which she brought epos her, and rendered to her
slaves for slaves. I have seen, Gentlemen, the ruins
of Carthage ; I have met amsong these rains the suc-
cessors of these unhappy Chrlsuans, for the deliver-,
ante of whom Saint Louis sacrificed his life. The
number of these victims Increases daily. Before the
Revolution, the corsairs of Tripe% of Thais, of Al•
giers, and of Morocco. were restrained by the visi.
'Alice of the Order of Malta. Our vessel, had the
dominion of the Mediterranean., mid kyle Sag of Phi.
lippa-Augusta made the Infidels stillmemble. Taking
advantage of our discords, they have dared to
our shores. They have carried off the population of
a whole island. Men, women, cheldren, old men;
hue been ally loaged in the most frightful damp
is it not fee Frenchmen, born to glory and swearess
enterprises, to accomplish at lest she meek bagerby
. their ancestors It was in France the firm Crook
was preached. It is in France that we mast taiee
the standard of the latter, without depart* ins tilt
character of the times, or employing MOS fereign
from our manners. I know that we have link ID fear
for ourselves from the royalist the COW of Africa
but the safer we are, the more nobly we shall act in
opposing their injustice. Small commercial interests
cannot balance the great interests of humanity. It is
time for civilized Nations to tree themselves from the
shameful tributes which they pay to a handful of
barbarians.

4' Gentlemen, should you adopt any proposition,
and it be afterwards lost by foreign circumstances,
your voice will at all events have been beard. You
will bare the honour. of havinradvocated so good a
cause. .Such is the advantage of these represents.
tive Governinents, by which the whole truth may be
',Aid; every thing usetul proposed. They change the
virtues without weakening than ; they conduct them
to ;be fame, cads while they give them a different
.direatinn. :Thos.nre-are knights ao more, but we can
be illAirietlhqiiiralli 4. thus philosophy may share the
skirl ausiiiqd to the acmes of my ptogesfaion,,and

boast.to.lieve Obtained, in an •erdigittent4kajtir rhat
religicm lit:tempted in veil 'in in ego of 4~a.i
Please then Gentlemen, to- bear loy itiOnsi-
,fiunr—l move riat there be presented an Address to
the King by the Chamber of Peers. In this A4dress
his Majesty shall be humbiviequested to order his'
hfutister%for Foreign Atom to write to all thirCoarts
of Eumpe,"
(Thit motion oat given in a receding paper, and
the Chamber agreed in entertain rt for &ocoulott.) _
, COLOGNE, APRIL O.
The Archdurt.s...fehtiand Louis of Attatrin-ervived
here yesterday evening. After having visited the
Church of Dome,_ and every thierremokible in the
city, trey pursued their journey to-day to Frankfort,
whore they ate expected on the 6th. We kern that
General Gneisenau, Commander in Chief of the
Prussian Army in France, aid on the two banks of
the Rhine, will immediately inspect the Prussian con-
tingent, and will afterwards have in interview with
-the Duke of Wellington, at his bead-quarters, at
Cambrey, where he will arrive about the 15th instant.
Many corps will exchange their. tantonments.
