iron 11. 11. there will still be time to come to a determination, and
no one will balance between one man and ‘,O millions of men."
1 be Chamber t hen dtc.ded that the discussion was *dosed, and
puled .he order of the day on all the motions presepted to
them; the order of the day being grounded on this, that by the
condi it'll* of the abdication of
washis father, and by some of our
Communions, Nspotton 11. pro.: tmed Ent,peror.
As boon us this resolution was pro:,ouncei by the Pre-klent,
all On nr, mbiri rose up, crying" Loug live the Emperor."
A Message to the Chamber of Peers, to atinounc.., this deci-
sion, was itt,tantiv adopted.
'1 he proposition of General Solignae, for the Members of the
FAec:ttive Commi,sion to take an oath of fidelity to the hniperor
Napoleon ti. was postponed till after the discussion of the Peers.
Adjournovill eleven next morning.
Cl-I.AMBER OF PLERS, JUNE 23.
General Dower •••.." My military duties not per-
mitting me to be present in the Chamber yesterday'
morning, I did not learn till to-day from the Journals,
the speeches delivered at that sitting. I have seen
with regret what was said to diminish the glory of
our arms, to exaggerate our disasters, and depreciate
cur resources.. My astonishment was the greater,
that the speech purported to proceed from a distin-
guished General, who, by his valour and military
skill, has so often deserved well of the nation. I
thought it my duty to ascertain that the meaning of
Marshal Ney had been mistaken and misrepresented.
The interview which I had with him this morning
has satisfied me that I was not mistaken.
The General then proceeded to give a detail of
what he called this short and unfortunate campaign,
in which it is unnecessary to follow him. He con-
cluded the whole with the following statements :
" Such is the exposition of that fatal day. It ought
to have crowned the glory of the French army, de-
stroyed the hopes of the enemy, and perhaps soon'
given to France that peace so much cleared ; but
HEAVEN decided otherwise : it willed, that after so
many catastrophes, our unhappy country should be
once more exposed to the ravages of foreigners.—
Although our losses be considerable, our position is
not desperate. The resources that remain to us 'are
very great, if we choose to employ them with energy.
The corps commanded by Marshal Grouchy, and
composed of the 3d and 4th of infantry, and a large
corps of cavalry, has effected its retreat by Namur ;
it has reentered France by Givet and Rocroy. Its
materiel is untouched, The remains of the corps
beaten et St. Jean already.form a respectable mass,
which is daily augmenting. The Minister at War
has announced to the Chambers that he bas at his
disposal 20,000 men, taken from the depots. The
measures taken by the Chambers to summon to the
defence of the country all the men fit to bear arms,
will 'produce a great number of battalions, if the le-
vying, the brigaling, and the formation of them are
' pressed with all possibje activity. The loss of our
materiel may be repaired. We have at Paris 3000
pieces of cannon with their munitions ;—the half of
them would replace those we have lost. Let the
Chambers take the necessary measures, and in 24
is stirs a city like Paris could furnish the neceilsary
horses and conductors.
44 I cannot too strongly repeat, that the recent
catastrophe should not discourage a great and noble
nation. If we have the necessary energy, our cala-
mities will only set off our glory; and what sacrisc.e
should seem great to the true friends of their country,
at a moment when the Sovereign whom we lately
proclaimed and invested with our confidence has just
made the greatest surfaces ? tile battle of
Cantle the Roman Senate voted thanks to the van-
quished General, who-had. not despaired of the safety
of the Republic, and employed itself without relaxa-
tion in providing him means to repair the disasters
occasioned by his obstinacy and bad arrangements.
In circumstances less critical than these, would the
Representatives of the Nation despond, and forget
the dangers of the country to employ themselves in
ill-timed discussions, instead of resorting to that
remedy which secures the safety of France ?"
It was moved that this speech be printed to the
number of six copies. Ordered.
The sitting was suspended for three hours in ex-
pectation of a message from the Cnamber of Repre-
sentatives, for which see that head.
At a quarter past four the message was announced,
and Count LACEPEDB took the chair.
M. Tntsaricsu read the message.
Several hieinbers—To the vote ! others demanded
a second reading, which was clone.
Another Member.—There is nothing to be said
upon it ; the sole question is, whether the Chamber
adopts the conclusions of the Chamber of Represen
tat Ives ?
*The PEESIDENT.—The Chamber has passed to the
order of the day; we have no deliberation to enter
into.
M. THIBAJJDZAU.—It appears that the Chamber
of Peers cannot deliberate on the question; I have
not therefore awl because it is my intention to open
a discussion ; but 1 will avail myself of this oppor-
tunity to state, that the veil which we heard talked
of yesterdoy, is note ;mimed to, the satisfaction of
France, because it appeare4: to., res'ail a government
weak and degraded, a gdverftent destructitie of burr
os, a goveroment,ssigeb shwa/A harmonise
with our inusteeti. as lormedithesit 941 rears past. I
say, that the Chamber of Peers au;ssig urn. Its wish I
• and sdipt the time resolution as that now read.
(Criss from all au of eswoorted, eworte4)
The message was thearrad a uaird time, and the
articles sectessively put to the vote, end adopted
without opposition. The Chamboi then adjourned.

In the private letters from Paris, k is mentioned
that the Austrians bad fulfilled these intention of
entering the French sort itory on the skin of Switzer-
land, and that, to impede their progress, Sumter
with his army had met them in FranclseComte, when
st dtkorate conflict took place, its which the French
were overthrown with the loss of 0,000 in killed,
wounded, and prisoners.
Swkim and great acioisidos of Ihdieh,--A Farmer
resi :ing in lb* neighbourhood of Taunton hos, within
these few days, attukod. a sum of not less than
420,000, by discovetlitg, in one of his kids in which
he was digging, trf4igie to that aiballat.• -Throe are
few inktauces upoit record of andor good luck to
such stli tbi Lottery, Weed, the sudden
acquiremeatcsol Wealth is common ; • many whO
little dresaiel 'lts Fortune hpa in store fur thee,
by t sort at her wheel on the Huh July,
be raisellibigittpipten and independence. One Ticket
rust gainiratibie the Fauna's Fortun- (00,000),
inaelsendent Or thoother great Capital* of AMMO,
424),Utiii aod MOM GDiner"


.. `:

'ENING! SYAR.

LONDON.

.040.1••••••1110
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 28, 1815.
pRICE OF rrocKi THIS DAY AT I WELVE O'CLOCK.
Reduced 5$ SO—Consols for opr etllt--4 pet Cents. 74 74
Omnium pre.—lndia &Kok 7s. Ss. db.
trelsequer WM 7s. to Ss. die.

Last night we received Brussels Papers to the 26th,
and this morning Frankfort Papers of the 22d.—
Their contents are such as might be expected—hpn:st
exultation at the success that has attended the arms
of the Allies, and expressions of gratitude for the
opening prospects which now present themselves to
the great family of Europe.
The Russian troop have passed the Rhine. The
Bavarian troops are also well forward ; they set off
10,000 in number from Manheim on the 19th, fol-
lowed by a pulk of Don Cossacks and several Rua- I
sian regiments of cavalry with field-pieces. The
whole force passed over to the French side on the
►9th was about
.20,000 men; and other forces are
pressing forward. Their arrival will be most season.
able, as no breathing time will be allowed to the
enemy to attempt to collect the scattered remains of
the French Army.
We subjoin a Proclamation of the honest and vfeh
tried veteran Durcagn. He owns, with greet frank-
ness, the successes of the enemy on their first attack,
and gives becoming praise to his troops for the cou-
rage with which they notwithstanding advanced to
support " the brave English." He announces that
the French Army is gfine/ved, but plainly tells his
soldiers that the work must not now be left half done :

PROCLAMATION
ADDSISSED ST TISLI:NIMIARSII/11. PIUNCT. SLUCIItiI TO TUE
ARMY OS Tilt LOWER RUINS, 70 SS READ A r TOE UZAD
Olt !VEST SATTALION
" Brave Officers and Soldiers of the Army of the Lower Rhine
—You have done great things, brave companions in arms—you
have fought two battles in three days. The first was unfortu-
nate, and yet your courage was not broken. Yuri have had to
struggle with privations, but you have borne them with forti-
tude. Immoveable in adverse fortune, after the loss of a bloody
battle, yen marched with firmness to fight another, relying on
the Goo of battles, and fuN of confidence in your Commanders,
as well es of perseivrance in your efforts against presutnituour
and perjured enemies, intoxicated with their victory.
" it was with these sentimeuts you marched to support the brave
English, who were maintaining the most arduous contest with
unparalleled firmness. But the hour wkk.h was to decide this
great struggle has struck, and has sheer* who was to give the
law, whether au adventurer, or Goveroments who are the friends
of order. Destiny was still undecided, ellen you appeared hoeing
!rem the forest which concealed you frem the enemy, to attack
his rear with that coolness, that eonfideoce which characterises
experienced Soldiers, resolved to avenge the reverses they had
'sped owed two days before There, rapid as lightning. you
penetrated kis already shaken columns—spoiling could stop you
in the caner of victory.
" The enemy, in his despair, turned his artillery upon you;
hot yen poured death into his ranks, sod your progress caused
in his ranks, disorder, diversion, and at law a complete rout.
He found himself obliged to abandon to yet/ several hundreds of
cannon, and his army is dissolved. A few days will Mice to
annihilate these perjured legion., who were coming to consent•
mate the slavery and the spoliation of the universe.
" All great Commanders have regarded it as impossible imme-
diately to review the combat wkh a beaten army; you have
proved that this opinion is ill.founded; you have proved that re.
solute warriors may be vanquished, but that their valour is not
shaken.
• " Receive then my thanks, Incomparable soldiers, objects of
all my esteem I The annals of kurope will eternize your wt.
omphs. It is on you, Immoveable columns of the Prussian Mo.
narchy, that the destinies of the Kai% and his august House will
for ever repose. Never will Prosta cease to exist while your
sons and your grandsons resemble you.
(Signed)

" BLucnta."

A report was industriously circulated last night
'that BOMA Writ had been assassinated. We hope and
trust that he will perish in no such manner. He must
die under the gripe of the COMMA executioner,
otherwise the sacred cause of truth and justice will
not be fully triumphant. The inglorious scoundrel
ought to be dragged on a hurdle, like the vilest cri-
minal, through every street in Paris, and the gibbet
ought to be erected on the summit of the column in
the Place Vendome, which was once disgraced by the
monster's statue.

It is utterly impossible to keep down the risible fa-
collies, while perosing the debates of the French
Parrunnext," as the English Jacobins denominate
the heroet of the eight cellar:l, of Paris who are new;
agitating the affairs of the Gnu Notion. Welling ten
and Blucher—the /Equi and the Volsci—are thunder-
ing at the gates of Paris ; and yet these miserable pet-
titoggers ot Statesmen are quarrelling with each other I

Ministers have received advice, that a proposition
was sent by the French Provisional Government both
to the Duke of WELLINGTON and Marshal BLUCHER.
intimating the abdication of BONAPARTE, and desir-
ling to treat in the name of his Son But the pro.
position was not listened to, and bath columns are
proceeding to Paris by different routes. The Prus-
sians are the most advanced. The Duke of WEL-
LINGTON took the town of St. Quintin by escalade.
—The citadel held out, but his advanced guard
marched on, and on the 2.144 h was at La Fetr. Great
alarm. is entertained at Paris, lest vie Prussians
should reach that city before thei Eaglish, as they
dread the fury of the former.

Yesterday morning, the French Ambassador went
to Battersea to wait upon the Duchess of Atioov-
Lerpt, to communicate the contents of letters which
he had just received, His Issellency afterwards
went to the Secretary of State', Office for the War
j peputinfott
