BANKRUPTS.

Thomas Jenkins, Middle-street, Montpelier-square, Brompton,
stone-mason, to surrender Sept. 4,8, at eleven, and Oct. 9, at
ten, at the Court of Commissioners. Anoraks, Messrs. Brooks-
bank and Fern, Gray's Inn-square.
John Holman Revitt, Rathbont-place, Middlesex, builder, Sept.
11, at twelve, Sept. 15, at eleven, and Oct. 9, at ten, at the Court
of Commissioners. Attornies, Messrs. Jones and Howard,
Mincing-lane.
William Cannan, Northampton, shoe-manufacturer, Sept. 7,8,
and Oct. 9, at eleven, at the Peacock Inn, Northampton. At-
tornies, Mr. G. Vincent, King's Bench-walk, Temple ; or Mr.
G. Cooke, Northampton.
Robert Smith, Preston, Lancashire, muslin manufacturer, Sept.
8, 16. and Oct. 9, at twelve, at the Eagle and Child Inn, Wigan,
Lancashire. Attornies, Messrs. Atilingrin anal Co, Bodford-row;
or Mr. H. Gaskell, Wigan.
John Iloliwell and George Highfield, Liverpool, merchants, Sept.
14, 15, and Oct. 9, at two, at the George, Inn, Liverpool. At-
tornies, Messrs. Lace and Co. Liverpool ; or Messrs. faylor and
Roscoe, Temple.
Henry Holt, Liverpool, ship-owner, Sept. 26, 28, and Oct. 9, at
one, at the Clarendon Rooms, I iverpool. Anoraks, Mr. T.
Leicester, Liverpool ; or Messrs. Lowton and Nicholson, Ray-
mond-buildings, Gray's Inn.
DIVIDENDS.

Sept. 18. J. Mitchell, Old Cavendish-street, Cavendish-square,
tailor, at twelve, ac the Court of Commissimers—Sept. 28. J. Al-
len, Oxford, chinaman, at eleven, at the Mitre Inn, Oxford—Sept.
SO. J. Crighton, Manchester, machine maker, at three, at the Star
Inn, Manchester—Sept. 29. J. W. Bevil, Cheltenham' tobacconist,
at eleven, at the Roe Buck Inn, Oxford—Sept. 18. E. Kershaw,
Milnrow, Butterworth, Rochdale, Lancashire, flannel manufac-
turer, at nine, at the York Hotel, Manchester—Sept. 25. S. Hayes,
Henrietta-street, Covent garden, bookseller, at one, at the Court
of Commissioners—Sept. 28. J. Pearce, Horningsham, Wiltshire,
farmer at one, at the George and Pelican Inn, Speenhamland,
Berkshire—Oct. 9. J• Collett, Strand, oilman, at ten, at the Conn
of Commissioners—Sept. 25. G. Sharp, sen. W. Sharp, and G.
Sharp, jun. Threadneedle-street, merchants, at one, at the Court
of Comn • • ners—Sept. 19. C. Sharp, sen. and C. Sharp, jun.
Romsey, Southampton, cabinet-makers, at one, at the George Inn,
Southampton.
CERTIFICATES, Sen. 18.
R. W. Stone and F. J. Stone, Bath, coach makers—J. Clark,
Eagle-wharf, Montague.close, Southwark. coal merchant.—T.
Rider. Ashton-under Lyne, Lancashire, cotton spinner—T. Lam-
bert, Love-lane, Aldermsnbury, bat manufacturer—T. Kershaw,
Liverpool, merchant—O. Luff, Bristol, timber factor—J. S. South-
gate, Wells next the Sea, Norfolk, ship owner.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. •

S. Chapman and W. Chapman, Rodney-street, Pentonvilk—T.
Sutton and It. Green, High•street, Southwark, hair cutters—W.
Matson and F. J. Jenkins, Size-lane, Bucklersbury, wine met..
chants—J. Cross and B. Boycott, Welshpool, Moutgomerysbire,
woolstaplers—J. Prints and J. Brown, Maidenhead, coal merchants
—F. Hilliard and W. M. Hilliard, Leek, Staffordshire, letter press
printers—J. Beveridge and W. B. Scott—C. Higgin and J. Camp-
lin, Cheapaide, shawl manufacturers—W. Storey and S. Hirst,
Huaalet, Leeds, Yorkshire, saponaceons liquor manufacturers—
J. Mitchell and J. Pope, Panton-street, Haymarket, butchers—J.
Whitehead and J. G. Brown, Piccadilly, fancy ball dress makers—
G. Wood and Co. Bristol, stationers—S. Spurr and E. Leach.
Warnford.eourt, attornies—J. Hsdley and Cu. Manchester, calico
printers—lL Graham and Co. Wapping, ironmongers—J. Warner
and Cu. Little Pulteney-street, Westminster, blacking manufac-
turers—J. Wilford and H. Walker, Sculcoates, Yorkshire, house
carpenters—K. Broornan and T. Bedford, Commercial Sale Room-,
Mincing-lane, merchants—W. Cook and J. S. Fowler, Devises,
Wiltshire, spirit merchants.

GENERAL AVERAGE PRICE OF BRITIS:I CORN,
(wuscu 0011111J11 lair lemTio)s),
For the Week ended Awl. VA, made up from the Returns of the
Inspectors in the different Cities and Towns in England and Wales.
Imperial General Weekly Average.
Wheat 665. Id. I Oats 295. lld. I Beans 375. Ild.
Hawley .13e. 2d. Rye 32.. 04. I Peas 365. 6d.
Aggregate Average ist the Six Weeks which governs Duty.
Wheat 6 s 4J. I Oats 235. 3d. I
Hearts 381.
Mirky 324. 0.1. Rye 335. 341. Peas 365. 9 •

PRICK OF SUGAR.
The Average Price of 11140WIII or Muscovado Sotis, competed
fron► the Return. made in the Week ending the 25th day of ugust►
1829. is !Hs. lid. per cwt. exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid
or payable thisvon on the importation theteof into Great Britain.

4' Eaton-square, June 24,1929.
" Sta—ln answer to the directions of the Lords Commissioners
of the Admiralty, contained in your letter of the 22d instant,
that I should state the particulars in which I saw reason to dis-
approve the conduct of Captain Dickenson, after he had suc-
ceeded to the command of the Genoa, I beg to inform their Lord-
ships that the Genoa did not use her springs as the other ships
did, but engaged with her stern and quarter guns only ; that her
misen-mast was allowed to go by the board the day after the
battle; that, although less injured than the Asia, the Albion, or
the ships of either of the allied Admirals, she was the last ship
ready to leave the port, even after having bad a whole watch tit
the Glasgow to assist her; that Captain Dickeuson reported
Captain Bathurst killed, although he did not die until about
three o'clock on the morning of the 21st of October, and after
be bad himself conducted me to him in the cockpit at eight
o'clock in the evening of the 20th. I think it right also to add,
that according to a copy of what I understand to be the ship's log,
the Genoa is stated to have used her springs ; although Captain
Dickenson admitted to me that she had not done so, owing to his
inability to get the men away from their guns ; and that she Is there
reported to have successfully engaged all the three Ottoman ships
of the line, and one more double frigate than there were in the
fleet ; when the fact is, that owing to her nut using her springs, the
fire of her own opponent would not have been silenced but for the
exertions of the other ships of our squadron. It did not appear to
me that any benefit would be derived to the service from my pub-
licly reporting at the time this inferiority of conduct evinced in the
Genoa after she tell under the command of Captain Dickenson,
more particularly as I had had the pleasure of expressing my marked
approbation of the manner in which that ship had taken up Der
station under Captain Bathurst. But under the circumstances of
Captain Baynes and Captain Campbell not being considered as en-
titled to any Russian distinctions, although their conduct was moat
satisfactory to me its every respect, I cannot but regret that any
such distinctions should be conferred upon Captain Dickenson.
" I am, Ecc. (Signed) "E. CODRINGTON."
" Eaton-square, July 17, 1829.
" Sta—ln obedience to the desire of the Lords Commissioner,
of the Admiralty, that I should state specifically all the points of
Capt. Dickenson's conduct with which I was dissatisfied during
the period of his being in temporary command of his Majesty's
ship Genoa, in order that the same may be investigated before a
Court-martial (a measure which their Lordships are pleased to
consider due as well to the character of Capt. Dickenson as to
the interests of the public service), I have the honour to state for
their Lordships' information, that from not making proper use of
her springs directed by my order of the 19th of October, 1827.
to be placed on the anchors, the broadside of the Genoa was
not directed Ur her regular opponent in the Ottoman line, and that
in such a position, she could not fire any of her guns except
those of her stern and quarters without endangering the Asia,
and others of the allied squadron on her larboard side, and the
Albion and others on her starboard side ; that, consequently,
shot which injured the Asia, and which came in that direction,
were apparently fired by the Genoa, and that the Genoa did posi-
tively fire into the Albion, probably (according to her log-book)
mistaking that ship fur one of the Ottoman fleet, although the Al-
bion had an English ensign at her mast-head to prevent such mis-
takes •—that C rain Dickensou having been reproved by me for
not using the Genus's springs, and having accounted for it by his
inability to get the men front their guns for that purpose, it was
nevertheless named in the ship's log-book that the springs were
yard ;—that the account of the battle given in the Genoa a log-book
erroneously implies that she bad three Ottoman ships of the line
opposed to her on her starboard side, three 60-gun frigates on her
larboard side and a-head, and a double-banked frigate astern ;
that Captain DicAenson returned Captain Bathurst as killed, and
procured the surgeon's signature to that tenon, knowing that he
did not die until many hours after the battle was over, and that be
retained his faculties to, give orders during the whole time of the
battle ; and that by this misstatement he gained an honorary dis-
tinction which might not otherwise have been conferred on him --
that the refusal of the Genoa for leaving Navarin,and engaging ;be
batteries if requisite, was unjustifiably tardy, and that the same
slackness prevailed on her way to Malts;—that the Genoa's
mizen-mast was suffered to go by the board on the 21st, the day
after the battle, for want of being properly secured ;—that the
Genoa continued firing after the battle was over at the risk anal to
the probable injury of the allied ships, until bailed from the Asia
to cease.
° In further addition to the statement in may former letter, which
was confined to the object of getting Captains Baynes and Campbell
placed at least upon a level in honorary distinctions with Captain
Dickenson, I have now, in obedience to their Lordships' pleasure
that I should stare specifically all the paints of Captain Dickenson't
conduct with which I was dissatisfied, to inform their Lordships
of an instance of insubordination, of which I would gladly have
avoided the exposure.
" That Captain Dickenson himself presented to me a letter in
the nature of what is called a' round robin,' purporting to come
from the crew of the Genoa, and desiring that I would appoint
him in preference to any other officer to succeed Captain Bathurst
as Captain of the Genoa ; and it is due to myself to captain, that
I was then induced to relinquish the reporting to his Royal
Highness the Lord High Admiral this instance of insubordination,
which your letter has now made it incumbent on me to bring for-
ward, by Captain Dlckenson's strongly expressed contrition for
errors which he said he had fallen into inadvertently ; his own en
treaties that I would overlook them, bring supported by Captains
Ommaney, Spencer, and others—who united with me in an anxious
desire to avoid the exposure of such misconduct in this individual
instance, on an occasion where a zealous execution of the service
was the general characteristic of the three combined squadrons.
" I have the honour to be, &c.
(Signed) " EDWARD CODRINGTON.
" The Right Hon. John Wilson Croker."

.~

~,,~„

1 •

r-~--


FRENCH PAPERS. .
From the Journal des Debols of Monday.
What a singular campaign is that of this year of Lord Welling-
ton ; and how paltry dues his diplomatic science (strategic) appear
in the face of the prodigious events which display themselves in the
Fast ! Whilst Russia enfolds with her two arms European Turkey
al Asia Minor, and its two armies, marching towards each other,
draw close the net which is to fall upon Constantinople, Lord Wel-
lington has put in motion a detachment of five men, including the
I•rench Ambassador, who hive by surprise taken possession of the
French Ministry, in a moment of Court intrigue and Parliamen-
tary inactivity. Well, behold them established ; they have made
their entry, and hissing. and public ridicule have not been
wanting to mark t ,eir triumphal march. What will they be able
to do in the principal object which has caused them to be chosen ?
Will they stop General Diebit.cb, who travels more rapidly than
their couriers? Will they send, under English orders, a French
fleet to the Bosphorus to protect Constantinople, whilst still :Muss
• :Oman, or to bombard it when it is become Christian ? Alas !
• he.e are poor creatures for such efforts. The accession of these
nest was the tardy signal of a sterile hatred towards Russia. In
:t is respect, however, was there ever seen greater want of political
,Idress? The last Ministry, the incomplete but natural result of
Representative Government, had adopted the Muscovite alliance.
It kit that France ought to ally itself to Russia, as England does
to Austria. It was not terrified at seeing Resole turn from our West,
and incline towards Ada. It judged correctly that this tendency of
he people of the North towards the South would end in a Russian
invasion of Turkey, without producing any danger to the freedom
of Europe. In the probable overthrow of the Ottoman Power, it
foresaw for France other interests than those of England ; and with
a Lille more strength, it could put itself in the way of claiming just
advantages at die decisive moment. At the solicitation of Russia,
and barely tolerated with anger by England, it sent an expedition
to the Mores. During the indecision and the partial successes of
the first campaign on the Danube it continued to adhere to the
lt•tssian policy, although it was attacked daily by the organs of
the English Ministry. The retreat of M. de la Ferronays had
in this respect weakened our Cabinet without changing its direce
• ion. In the meantime, a second campaign commenced in the
Past ; the Turkish empire, wh eh had resisted at first, is now at
he last gasp of its energy. The conquerors have nothing to do
ant to march forward; the rich plains of Adrianople are open to
their army. The empire is about to be dissolved by revolt and
conquest. Greece gave the signal—Russia will complete the
work. Such is the moment chosen by the French Cabinet to secede
from the Russian cause, for which France had prepared success,
end to associate itself with the useless discontent of England. The
time of diplomatic notes is now past. We must have more now—
lsrge Beets and armies; and all this without being able to restore
.oche Turkish empire the force which it had in the days of Soli-
man the Second—that which England, notwithstanding an impe-
rious necessity of policy and honour, dare not attempt, and which
we are still less able than she to undertake, whilst it is also opposed
to our interest, would be necessary—a terrible and bloody war
against Russia.
From the Gazette de France of Thursday.
" The present Ministry, says the Journal des Debuts of this
morning, must contend against public opinion, and it must also
contend against the Chamber, for it will not dare to dissolve it."
This is what all the hopes of those who say that a Royalist Mi-
nistry will not last are founded upon; but we must reduce these
hopes and bravadoes to their just value.
The Ministry 11.14 slot to contend against opinion, but against
journalism, which has succeeded in creating a fictitious opinion in
France, but which is not itself the opinion of France. We must
balieve that France will not condemn a Ministry without trial ;
the waits kir its acts, and its acts will be the condemnation of its
turbulent accusers. An opinion pronounced against Ministers, for
the sole reason that they were chosen by the King without the con-
sent of the journalists, would be a faction, and the contest which
would arise between it and the Ministry would not last lung in a
country which does not desire a revolution.
It is equally incorrect to say that the Ministry will have to con-
tend against the Chamber. No doubt it will find violent adversaries
there ; for, unfortunately, it contains men who write in the Jour-
r als the extravagancks which they repeat in the tribune. A Royalist
Ministry must expect to find enemies wherever the Republic has
partizans, and wherever there are conspirators against the mo-
narchy; but from this we must not imagine that the Ministers
named by the King would not be in their proper places when sit-
ting in the Chamber ; on the contrary, the republicans, the conspira-
tors, and the anarchist tribunes, are out of their element when sit-
ting in a French assembly. It these Ministers have adversaries, they
will also have sincere friends and defenders. All those who desire
the maintenance of the Constitutional Monarchy will know how to
answer the noble appeal which will be made to them; and we are
glad to be able to tell the Journal des Debats, that the men who, its
the secret scrutiny, voted hi a manner opposed to their open de-
clarations, will see in the Ministers liberators, who, so far from
trembling before the mountain of the left, will know how to
oppose its enterprizes, and to watch over its plots. Already several
of those honourable Deputies who do not themselves belong to the
Journalist party, have openly said that they are ready to support
the Ministry, If they see it realize the monarchical and constitu-
tional intentions of which our paper has been the interpreter.
As to the threat held out to the Ministry about the dissolu-
tion of the Chamber. it proves that the faction believes it has
conaununated the slavery of the electoral colleges, and that it has
succeeded in depriving Royalty of the exercise of one of its
most important prerogatives. This threat alone would suffice
to show us how much the Constitution was menaced by the con-
cessions which have been suede, and the encroachments of a secret
poirer. We see, also, in this belief of the Liberals the secret of
the arrogance and fury which burst from the liurnala when the
King took the liberty of disappointing them. They think them-
selves masters of the last resource of power—the nomination of
the Deputies, and consequently of the vote of the taxes. But this
is one of those blind presumptions which the general interest will
disappoint. It will teach the factions that they cannot juggle with
monarchy—that all petty intrigues and all political fictions may
produce disorder if they have to do with Ministers who are weak
and have no foresight, but the conquests obtained by cunning, and
posts surprised by hypocrisy and deceit, cannot be preserved when
France and her king have recognised their real enemies.
The Memorial des Pyrenees of the 20th of August, says that M.
de Chateaubriand arrived the day previous at Pau. He visited a
part of the town, and viewed the chateau of Henry the Fourth.
At nine o'clock the Noble Peer was surrounded by the musicians
at the town. M. de Chateaubriand appeared at one of the windows
to return an answer, and was received with the greatest oedema-
tioos ; be then addressed the following words to them :
'• Gentlemen—l am extremely sensible of the honour you have
d,.ne me. I only acknowledge the merit of loving my country.—
It is natural that the town where Henry the Fourth was born should
be good enough to remember niy devotion to the descendants of
that illustrious King."
The Noble Peer conversed with several persons in the most
affable manner ; and having occasion to speak of one of our com-
panion', hi. de Belloc, Secretary to the Legation at Rome, said he
was a very distinguished person.
l'he Indicate:kr de Dordeaur, of the £2d of' August, says—" It ap.
pears that some important news was sent by the telegraph yester-
day, but the Pi esident was in the country, and the greatest auziety
was manifested to inform him of the subject. We are ignorant
tat the contents."
By an Ordonnance, dated August £3, the Viscount de Curzay,
Prefect of the Department of Ille-et- Vilaine, is appointed Prefect
of the Department of 1.3 Gironde, in the room of the Baron
d' Hausser, appointed to execute other functions.
By another Ordonnance, of the 24th, M. Jordan, Prefect of the
Department of the Dam Ithia, is appointed Prefect ot the Depart-
ment of Vilaine, in the Room of the Viscount de Curzay.
M. Baron Locard, turrnerly Pretect, Master of Requests in our
Council of State, is appointed Pretect of the Department of Haut
lihin, in the room of M. Jordan.
Yesterday the Minister of Public Instruction and Ecclesiastical
Affairs received the Members of the various Establishments for
Public Instruction of the Academy of Paris, and his Excellency
assured the Functionaries and Professors of the liniveraity of the
lively interest he felt toward: them. He also expressed the wish
Le felt to contribute to the pros:tax of their studies, to the good
instruction of youth, and the welfare of the l'rofessors.
From the Message,. des Chumbres of Wednesday.
M. Deval, our Consul at Algiers, in whose person France was
insulted by the Dcy, has just died very suddenly. He was struck
with a violent attack of apoplexy, just as he was about to enter
has carriage at Villiers le Bel to return to Paris, and all the efforts
of art were unavailing. He hash been dining at the country-house
of M. Martel, the Judge of the Tribunal of First Instance, and
had just left it. M. Deval was seventy-two years old.
111. dllaussts wrote to 31. Roy just before be was appointed
Miuister of Marine, " that he congratulated himself at not form-
ing part of the new Ministry, whose unpopularity appeared to him
so great that be doubted its duration." Al. Roy showed the letter
to several persons when the report of the sominatiou of bl.
d' Haussez was circulated.
We this morning received the Gazette tt Etat de Prune of the
20th, and that of Augsburg of the 22d, but they contain no news
lions Constantinople or from the Russian army.
The new Cabinet regards the re-establishment of the Illinhts7
of General Pollee as necessary, and this place is promised to 31.
de Vitrollts, but the measure will net be carried into execution
immediately. Destructions and creations are operated medially,
one by use, and in silence.
It is presumed that as the Duke of 3lortemart does not Wish to

LOO IhM.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 29.
PRICE OF MIMES AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bonk Stock 216
3 per Cent. lied. 894 E .
3 per Ct. Cons. 89 84 1911 Annuities

India Bands 60 2
South Sea Stuck

5i per Cent. 1818,

New Ditto

Si j'er Cent. Red. 99 Sj

XlOOO Rxcbeq. Bill. 62 5

4-11"er Ct. Ntw, 10Si 3.2 i

£5OO Ditto 6.3 6

4 per Cott 1826, 1054 £lOO and £2OO Ditto 65 6
Toms Amt. 20 1-16 20 Bank for Acct.
I India Stock, Consols for Acct. 893
FOR RIG J FONDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazilian Bnnds,s p. Ct. 38/ Ditto 1824 161
Do. Acct. 56 81 Greek 81%.18515, 5 pCt.l3l
Chaim Bonds, 6 per Ct. 16 Mex. Bds, 1825, 6 p Ct. 18
Do Acct. Form. Bd.. 5 per Ct. 443
1)1 01101,140 114, I 6 p Ct. Ditto Acct
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
SHAME. PAIN
35 20 73
25 71 101
50 35 38

Brazillay. Imperial
Ditto Natiunal
Phenix

LANDING AND BATTLE AT TERCEIRA, AND
TOTAL DEFEAT or DON MIGUEL'S EXPEDITION.

This day, at one o'clock, an express reached the North
and South American Coffee-house, bringing the following
most important intelligence :

•' EXETER, Amiss 28.

" The Chevalier Don ANTONIO DE MELLO, Aide-de-
camp to General VILLA FLott, Governor of Terceira,
arrived in this city early this morning, from whence he
proceeded immediately to Portsmouth with dis-
patches for the Marquis de PALst ELLA, announcing
the complete defeat of the army of Don MIGUEL, who
landed at Terceira on the 11th instant. The invading
army lost TWELVE HUNDRED MEN in killed, wounded,
and prisoners ; amongst the killed, is the General second
in command of the Miguelite army."
In addition to the above, we have it in our power to
communicate the following authentic details of this in-
teresting and glorious event :
Ou the morning of the 11th instant, the first division
of the Miguelite expedition—fourteen hundred strong—
effected its landing at Villa de Praya. It was opposed, at
the first moment, by the Volunteers ; the Condo Vf LLA
FLo R coming up almost immediately afterwards, with the
sth Cavadores, and the Provisional Battalion. The whole
division was destroyed; five hundred and seventy men
laying down their arms as prisoners of war, and
. the remainder covering the field of battle. The
loss on the part of the loyal troops was three
officers, nine rank and file, killed ; and twenty-five,
wounded. It appears that this ill-fated division was com-
. posed of many of the troops that served in the Oporto
army : they have joined already the standard of the
QUEEN, and have received arms. The number of killed
and wounded on board the fleet must be considerable,
as the fire front the batteries was constantly kept up,
• and the vessels—after having sustained great damage
—were obliged to cut their cables. Twelve hun-
dred muskets, two twenty-four pounders, and two gun-
boats remain in possession of the Conde do VILLA FLOR.
Among the killed in the Miguelite army, are Colonels
Az Do, and Don GIL AN NEs DA COSTA, brother of the
Conde DE MEsQUIToLLO, and Don ANTONIO DA
v E I RA, a Nobleman of high consideration. These Officers
harangued their soldiers before landing, and in speeches
of great violence forbade them to give any quarter to the
brave defenders of Terceira. The Miguelite Celonel,
commanding the Ist Cacadores, was wounded, and re-
ceived most kind assistance from VILLA FLUit. Colonel
Do rTEI. is likewise among the prisoners.
A remarkable feature in this transaction is the confidence
entertained by Don MIG uEL of an easy victory, and the
use he intended to make of his successes: for he
sent over a commission of Judges, picked from the most
sanguinary spirits in Portugal, with strict orders
to try VILLA FLoR for high treason, and execute hint
on the field of battle, and every soldier with him, who
might survive the honourable struggle.

The intelligence of the events at Terceira was brought
to England by Captain TIIORNTON, and the Chevalier
ANTONIO DE M tum—attached to her Most Faithful
Majesty's Embassy in London—who sailed from Angry
on the 17th instant, and have arrived in this coun-
try just time enough to convey to Donna MARIA
—before she sails—the news of this glorious victory

achieved by her Ain JEsTY's arms. It is the best
answer which the brave Conde de VILLA FLOP. could
give to the heartless articles which have appeared lately
in the Courier, and a Morning Paper once the advocate
of better things.

PROCLAMATION of the Count of VILLA FLOR,
AFTER THE DEFEAT OF MIGUEL'S EXPEDITION.

When the Usurper's squadron, breathing blood and
vengeance, appeared to threaten your island, I recom-
mended to you to preserve order and have confidence
in me, and in the loyal garrison that defends you ;
and I promised the chastisement of the enemies of the
legitimate Throne and the liberty of the country, if they
dared to attack this glorious bulwark of fidelity.—Loyal
inhabitants of this island, you have seen that I have
faithfully fulfilled my promise, through the means of the
unshaken valour of the troops that I have the honour to
command.

The enemy, who wished to inundate your country with
your blood, have left the beach covered with their dead
—tho sanguinary orders that they brought against your'
garrison and the faithful people of this island—Pao-
InExcs, (which has defeated, and will continue
to defeat the efforts of criminality,) has in this in-
stance made to recoil on their authors. More than
half their troops have perished by our fire, been drowned
in the surf, or have received from their conquerors that
treatment which humanity and religion dictate, but.
which the orders of the Tyrant had prohibited them from
giving to the defenders of this island, or to you, in-
habitants of it, if we had been conquered.
If, after this destructive experiment, they shall dare to
return to these shores, I promise you anew, and experi-
ence has shown you the value of my promises, that their
ruin shall be complete.
People of Terceira, Inhabitants of this illustrious bul-
wark of fidelity, honour, and constancy !—Continue to
live in the fullest tranquillity, co-operate with the heroes
that defend you, in order to put these shores in a state to
render abortive every effort of our adversaries, and
your island will have the glory of restoring the Throne of
our beloved QUEEN, and of re-establishing the Portu-
guese name, and prove the centre from which shall spread
liberty and Prosperity to the Portuguese Nation.

Conde se VILLA FLOR.
Camp of &. Sebastian, 12th August, 1829.

CI rY. TweLvz o'CLocx.

Consols opened this morning at the same pri. e they left off yes-
terday, 891 I for the Account, and Self for money. The Hebrew
party continue purchasing, which forebodes they have some in-
formation either from the theatre of war, or that the interest of
the Exchequer Bills will be reduced.
In the Foreign Market, nothing doing as yet—prices nominal.

CITY, HALF•PAST ONE O'CLOCK.

Consols are heavy, and have receded since the early part of the
morning, when they were at 89j j for the Account: since which
they have been Sellers at so, and for Money 88i : at pretest
may be quoted 89 Buyers for the Account. This decline is attri-
buted to a current report of an immense failure in the City In the
woollen trade, said to be from 2 to 300,0001. which will involve
from 20 to 50 other houses. It is reported that there are more
failures.

In the Foreign Market, little or nothing doing to the present
time. Brazilian, 586 9; Buenos Ayres,2o 21 ; Culoinbian,l66l;
Danish, 696 70 ; Mexican, 186 ; Portuguese, 44* Si ; Russian,
)01è2; Spanish, 81 6.

The Courier of yesterday publishes a document, pur-
porting to be a " Memorial of British subjects holding
Portuguese bonds"—now actually in a course of signa-
ture—and addressed to the King's Government. After
giving the history of the origin of these Bonds, by a Por-
tuguese Loan contracted in London in 1823, and of their
transfer by Treaty to Brazil in 1825, the Memorial pro-
ceeds to develope the circumstances under which—after
paying the interest of the said Loan for two years, and
otherwise fulfilling the stipulations of the before-men-
tioned Treaty—payment of these Brazilian dividends was
•suddenly suspended in 1828 by Viscount ITs Bs YANA,
in consequence of the events at Lisbon. The Memorial
here comments, in not very measured language, upon
the bad faith of the transaction ; adding that the Bone-
holders would not have submitted so long, nor so pa-
tiently, to a' suspension which has already lasted fifteen
months, except on the consideration that " so deep a
stain on the character and public credit of a nation could
not long be suffered to exist :" and the paper concludes,
by pniying the immediate intervention of Government
in such a manner" as in its wisdom and discretion it may
deem fit," for securing effectual redress to the Memorial-
ists. The case, as it is stated in that document by the
Bondholders, is unquestionably one of great hardship to
them ; for, as they properly observe, they lent their Mo-
ney to the Portuguese Nation, and they hac.• no concern
with any dispute between it and Brazil. We hope, in
a few days, to say something satisfactory on the subject
of these Bonds. In the mean time, we beg to guard our
readers against any misconception of the. facts, into
which they might otherwise be betrayed by the gloss of
the Coarkr, whose insinuations against the Marquises
DE BARBACENA and PA LMELLA do not rer.l. even upon
a shadow of authority.

A gentleman on 'Change informs us that the defeat of
Mic u El.'s expedition against Terceira, has excited the
liveliest feelings of satisfaction among our citizens.
We have just seen a short letter brought by the latest
arrival from the East, and written by a gentleman ac-
companying the Embusy. It speaks in very decided
terms of the hopelessness of any successful resistance to
the victorious Russians ; alludes to the discovery of some
plot or intrigue at Constantinople to deliver that city into
their hands ; and communicates a piece of intelligence of
much more interest--namely, that the Ambassadors of Eng-
land and France have come to a determination to address
themselves directly to the Commander-in-Chief of the
invading army, to request at least a temporary suspen-
sion of his advance, in consideration of the devastation
and outrage which must inevitably result from it. The
letter adds, that this remonstrance will probably be
seconded by all, or at least the great majority, of the
Representatives of the Europeah Powers at the Porte.
The letter is apparently written in a hurry, and at the
moment of closing the dispatches which it accompanied.
—Morning Paper,

SHORT STAGES TO THE ENVIRO.VS OF

LOND011:
