9

ASSONANCE COMPANY._
Alliance Witt* Se For. 100 to
MIWELLANIONS.
seasa tam. rime m maze.
Bridal /roe Company - 100 • Sd - 14*
MIA Roil . 'Patent Salt so 6 14
Bogner and Alkyl& 60 a 1
General &earn Navivia, 100 S - 711 I.
Greet WaiWilMer piliry SS • • $1
• ' ralur*OeseaSnakt. 100 1
•
gGibo
eppean: 19 9
tesiel.Pack. 100 2 Si
100
so 5 Si I
Comp
51 6k
- PM.. , --........--
ix 11 Wised almost plainly avowed, in the #rench
Ministerial Journals, that no sovereignty is conceded,
but soniething in the shape of separate municipal ju.
t.isdiction, sot unlike the ancient feudal tenures in
of which, the liege Lord
sub-
stance, by the conferring
paramount has reserved his original tide. Neither do
we perceive any formal announcement to the Ministers
of other Nadirns, of this Treaty with the Blacks of St.
Domingo, as a free and independent people. On the
contrary, the colonists are expressly bound down, by
their liege Lord, to favour the commerce of no one
foreign nation any more than another; which, of itself,
is a decided limitation of sovereignty. The ancient
The more we reflect, on thsform and tenour of the
instrument by which the- French Government has re-
newed its relations with Sc. Domingo; we are still the
more deeply impressed with a suipicion that the fall
and free independence of the- nhabitants of that colony,
as a sovereign people, is not sincerely intended; end
,that there is a lurking reservation .4 dominion, which
may be revived on the first convenient .opportunity,.
There is no Treaty; as between one Independent State.
and another, but only a sort of charter; conveying
certain
.privileges, under particalar:OndWops, the non.
.observance of which last, (whaler maks; ?mended,
will at any fime hereafter • furbish' thelmitOr.:Avi.sh a
pretext for resuming the Chiiiici.' ".- - ' ,

1S

'.name of St. Domingo, synonimous with slavery. is
prominently put forward, while the modern name of
Hayti, by which the free Republic has been
known, is as carefully suppressed. -,Uptio the whole,
Aherefote, and until we receive much more satisfactory
testimony,. we are constrained to conclude that the
French Government will interpret this act to mean no
mote than= that 'the Negroes of St. DomingO,:whons
they deem Slam, ore thereby permitted ti purchase
their freedom—, analalso their allodial possessions, to-
gether with certain municipal privileges; but that the
Island remaios, notwithstanding, to all other intents
and purposes, a colony of France.
. '
Bogota Papers to-the 19th June have hem received,
It appears brolßeial -dispatches received from Lima,
that the Congres( of Peru had adjourned, leaving 80.
LIVAR in possession of full-powers to act in the manner
most likely. to consolidate the independence of the
country. Smut, the Commander of the Colombian
force, had forwarded to the PRESIDENT, five standards
belonging to the oldest of those S,,anish regimen's
which for fourteen years had borne a'ms against e.e
independence of Peru. Among them was the very
standard with which PIZARRO, .900 years before, had
entered the capital or the Incas. Intelligence or the
formation in England of a Colombian Agricultural
Association had arrived at Bogota, previous to which
a decree had passed the Congress for the ap,llicatinn cf
one million of dollors out of the last loan, for the im.
provement and encouragement of agriculture throne-
out the Republic.
TlmAi.seeta de Colombia of the 19th contains a com-
munication-4mm thwChamber of Representatives to the
Vice-President of the Republic, on the subject of the
loan contracted in this country, in the following terms:
Booova„may tones.
" The Chamber of Representative., in the meeting of this might,
taking Into consideration the representation of Mews. Francis and
Arthur Balky, and Isaac Goldknikrespeeting the loan, ha resolved
that it be notified to your Ineelleney 11 to cause to be investigated in
London, with the strictness whit* the honour and interest of the na-
tion require, and by persons Woo way Implicated hi the negotiation of
the loaniall the eircumstancestelaive to the 4 aso,poot seediogoeoc..
anted fee in April,ln4 ; and aloe the advantages wbkh the coin.
*Wants, F. and A. Illy, and I. Goldsmid, and other eempetkors
awed, and of the loss which the Republic has sustained in come.
quake of their not having beemsreforred e el all of which you
will Inform the Chamber in the neat Session.

cam)

" MANUEL MARIA QUIJANO.
" President of the Chamber of Representation."

Among the official d :cuments published by the
Colombian Gamete, there is a letter from the Goseitior
.of Cutlassoa to the Foreign Secretary of the ColoMbian
Republic,. announcing the return to that island rf CoL
.deQvantat from his mission to Bogota. The Governor
,states, thaalie- bad informed the GOVerTlMerlt, of the
Netherlands, of •the result of Colonel de QC* am's
negotiations, and that he hoPeirsoon to have the sati,lat-
don of- errammnitating the definitive determination of
his Sovereign to enter into negotiations withcolombia.
Sorrie alsorders have occurred in the provinEeof Pasto,
in sht-interior—a province which was some'.tirne. ago
in a state of revolt. After the reduction of the pro-
vince, some of the insurgents fled to inaccessible point-,
and have since harassed the neighbouring country by
their depredations. It appears, however, that the local
authorities are possessed of sufficient means fertile sup-
pression of the banditti, and on that account the Fzecu-
tire Power has recalled a decree by which the province
was placed under martial law.

Bressels Papers to the 14th inst. reached-Us this foal--
noon. They contain no news from Greece. An arti-
cle from Geneva states, that sentence of excommuni-
cation had been passed on Mr. SESASTIAN So:ringw-
orm, a man to whom 44 everybody doeijustice for his
probity' and other 'irises." The alleged crime is, that
he violated the commandments relative to the host
It appears that he maintained that the prohibition to
eat meat was merely a human law. The same Account
gravely. tells us, that the POPS has presented the we
as LA MitlialALS with the bones of a Sairl ji*ed
Nxatutri,who lived fifteen hundred years agol...blese
bones were placed. with..gscaL pump in the Church

atGensva. • • •;7
By the arrival of the gudisp, pqeor adult
Packet ships, In twenty-four dispo from Plow Yea,: we Mee re-
ceived papers frogs that lity to the inn ult. They stare that It
was rumoured Boman. Ind rdeauoured, to Initigate **quarrel
freshen the Gatemen?, 91, hap atyyrst and .that of Brazil;
the drotmstanee,tif.sotue pepatleahaving proceeded/tun Buenos
Ayres to Upper cu, toriconistakto Dow** ga the liberation of
that country, is supposed to have slyer% rise to the repirt, which is
not entitled to al/ Credit:

Accoante jcite; Ili* tad been
brought into Coogan for lajing an .sadder* duly. of lon per
Cent. on. french brandy, and to increase the duty six per Cent. on
all goods imporiedi its .vessel: under the Rags of Governments
that have not esangolesd the Independents of Mexico.
Accounts from stay, that disturbances had again
broken out in the *AM. •
The Ramos Araripere represent the state et eildriatadonte
Video, as unlivotunble to the Imperial cause. it is maietedv in the
authority of sti. Atnetitianhessel which kfc Monte rbko on the 4th
of May, that Al,the troop* of Irlincruosa Ramo, had passed over
to Livaa.eik,sieaderlet tbeinsnrgebt party, bringing with them u
prisoners Calends FIRSAO/1 and 13a asosa, Major Fagras, and outer
adicers
of two
• the adherents of !CJVALLOIA hid increased to the
number o two thousand ; that tie few troops faithful to the
Scope* of BRAIN were spread' k satollaodies over the noun.
try, incapable of making an/ restate ; and that the greatest
consternation ;existed at konte. Video., This account may
be, and pielattilY4, cells rid by the secret wish of the Itepubficans
for the overthrow of the listmasaa's power in yonte Video, as the
iretide to the acqUisides of that inspetant *Fees Ayres,
and must; therifore, be received with cation. It does not appear
that any. asetiance has been rendered to the Inenrgenta by the Rite
of Buenos Ayres,
_.„*. • ,„.' . • i; ..0.1 • r;
We have received ine clench ritpcfS.,b.k undAy acid
the ails of yesterday The state of Spain hecemes more distracted
every day. The Preach Ministerial Pppefs e4otil,il4ttioqc is iu
'longer say donbt,esjoihe necessity. 0( on ilitify inarfemste sad the
part of Prance, Is *order to keep deem eke

are known by the name of Car Thins, or partisans of the Infant Don
tom, whom they intend, if peratitted, to raise ao the Throb!,
'lke Kzsis njueh alarmed.
The Funds. have suddenly fallen at Madrid bit. a price to
*bith they have not descended for many years. It was reported
that the Trappist bad taken arms in the name of Oust= V. and
sumac the bead of several thousand men. The tense and rate of

rostorsarn VI I. are represented to hswe no bounds. He had
promised a reward of 25,000 piastres foe the apprehension of the
Trappist, dead or alive.
The armed bands which have appeared in many parts of Anda-
lusia begin to approach Cadiz. One of the.. bands lately stopped,
near Hetes, the Courier going to Cadiz, and took from him the
Government dispatches, but did not meddlowith the private letters,'
or hart the Courier. Letters from Algeciras state, that from the
lath to the 42d of last month alone, half the regiment " Prin.
ems," which is in garrison in that town, deserted.

THE Kltta
.....4...---

His MAJESTY, visitors, and suite left the Royal Lodge
yesterday a'ternoon in three single and one double-
bodied phaetons, aq drawn by ponies, for an airing in
the Great Pat k. His MAJESTY, after driving about th-
Park, visited the Princess AUGUSTA at Frogmore Lodge,
where he remAined twenty minutes, and then returned
to Royal Lodge.
His MAJESTY last evening again entertained the
Prince EiTERUAEY, Count LIEVEN, Lord and Lady
WAnwzot, and others holding situations under his
MAJESTY, at dinner. The private band occupied the
Conservatory, and Oa) ed a variety of sacred pieces
during the evening.
The remaining part of the KING'S visitors are ei-
pected to leave the Royal Lodge this day.
The Band of the Ist Regiment of -Life Guards were stationed
on the Terrace last evening, from half after five o'clock until
nearly eight, during which time they delighted the company with
at variety of the finest productions of Pdersass. MUM, WIWI*
&c. and concluded, as usual, with God save the Puig
