LIVERPOOL, A ticus r lg.

The demand for cotton is very steady to-day, b;lt
being Manchester market day, the dealers and spinners
are generally engaged there on this day, and the bus;ness
here is always less than on any other days of the week.
There has been a very general enquiry for sugar to-
day, and such as were offered were bought up at Is. and
2s. per cwt. advance on la)t week's prices. The holders
generally continue to keep b rck their samples, and the
advance of oats and barley at our Corn Fachange this
day, with the continued advices of the great deEciency
of the potato crop in Ireland, !cc. has tended to confirm
them in their former opinion, that a further advanre
will take place in sugar on the present very low prices
of that article ; for, if even they are not used in distil-
lation, it is thought, from the high price of oatmeal and
oats, and the deficient crop of potatoes, that there rnnst
be a complete change in the diet of the lower orders ,1
Ireland, and that sugar may be more generally used
by the poor, both there and here, by an increased use of
tea, coffee, rice, &cc.

In other articles we have also had a better demand. 1:0 Ws
of small Nicaragua wood sold yesterday -at RI. 2s. Gd. to $l. !;..
per tun ; and to-day, SO tons of very inferior to the above sold ..t
91. per ton ; and some solid large Nicaragua wood reached £Ol. per
ton. Ashes are much inquired after, but most of the holders refuse
selling without an advance on last week's prices; 245. Gd. has tins
day been paid fur new Moutreal pearls.

The Ayacucho, arrived from Lima, left on the 19th
of May, having had a remarkably quick passage. Ad-
vices received by this ship state, that the Peruvian Con-
gress had commenced its sittings, and that the Deputies
from the different provinces were actively engaged in
presenting their credentials. BOLIVAR was in Lima at
the time of the Ayacucho's departure, and under his
I auspices the Government was diligently employed in
improving its financial .concerns. Trade was much
depressed. Letters had arrived from England, of the
date of last January, which contained, as may be sup-
posed, sufficiently gloomy accounts of the state of things
here at that period. The BLA NCH R frigate is said to have
sailed from Lima for England about the 7th May. Her
departure was sudden, and the object of it unknown.
Tuesday morning, as James Clark and Thos. Hares,
two lightermen, were proceeding through London bridge
in a skiff, a large piece of timber came across the boat,
and immediately upset it. B. th men were in conse-
quence immersed in the water; and James Clark, a man
about forty years of age, unfortunately sunk to rise no
more. Thomas Hares, however, being an excellent
swimmer, succeeded in saving himself by clinging fast
hold of the boat. The body of the unfortunate man had
not been found at a late hour yesterday afternoon.

Mariam, AUGUST B.—About two years ago, a
schoolmaster, of Rufusa, a suburb of Valencia, named
Ripole, was taken up as a Liberal, and a man that
never heard mass. After suffering in the prison of San
Narciso the greatest hardships, he was ultimately sen-
tenced to be hung for heresy. At 11 o'clock on Mon-
day, the 31st ult. he was taken • from prison, and made
to march quick time behind a cart to the gallows;
on the cart was placed an empty cask, painted with
(limes, devils, &c.,which cask served him afterwards
for a coffin, in which he was buried outside the church-
yard. The churches by which he passed on his way to
the gallows were all closed. and the saints stuck tr:s
in the streets, covered with black ; the crosses were
taken down from the gallows; in short, everything
belonging to religion was put aside. Tne unfortunate
man behaved with the greatest composure, and on the
scaffold said, that he had always lived as a good Chris-
tian, and that he died the same. By all accounts be
was.a most charitable character, giving everything to
the poor that he did not absolutely stand in need of
himself. He used to go to the poor people's houses and
instruct their children gratis, and by many oche- acts
of this kind strewing that he well understood the true
meaning of religion, and practised it. A Junta :bias been
appointed in Madrid, to report upon the effects tile
change in Portugal may produce upon the minds cf the
Spaniards, at the head of which is Father. Cirilo.
Saturday, a large wheat stack, supposed to contain
100 quarters, belonging to Mr. ROBERT Berra, of East
Ville, was totally consumed by fire. Some. Irish la-
bourers smoking their pipes in an adjoining stubble
field set it on fire, which communicated to The wheat,
A LAWYER NONSUITED.—Saturday, a squat, val.!.
faced man, between 30 and 40 years of age, with a
threadbare black coat. called at the house of Counsellor
Crampton, Merrion-square, Dublin. and inquired of a
female servant, who opened the door, did the clothn
REF' (a suit of clothes which had been a short tine
before sent to the Counsellor from Meyers's, King's
Tailoring establishment, in Sickville-street.) The see-
' vent said, she did not know, as her master was out, hut
that she had seen him looking at them; the Counrei.cr
and his Lady had walked nut. The Fashioner from
4, Meyers's establishment," we are to presume, was aware
of this circumstance, for he returned again in a short
time to Mr. Crampton': house, and told the woman he
had before seen that the Counsellor had been• at his
master's establishment, and was " blood mad " that the
suit (of clothes) did not fit, and desired her to give them
to him for the necessary alteration to be made in them.
This the " unsuspecting maid " accordingly did: the
nessenger went off, 'and from that good hour to this
this squ it, pale faced man from the " King's tailor's"
establishment has not been heard of—and thus has a
vorthy Gentlem in, and " learned in the law," been
eon suited.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
TO MI EDITOR OP Till STAR.

Stly-:-Your Correspondent, " A Ldier of Equity," in
his project for a commutation of slave interests (for so,
in fact, must the meaning of his project in your Paper
of the i2th inst. be presumed to be), appears to me to
have Founded his reasoning upon a most erroneous as-
sumpflon—vis. the idea that the anti-slavery advocates
desire to promote direct emancipation; or, to use his
own Words, " to liberate a set of semi-savages—men who
have all their lives been subject to restraint and controul."
In tiny thing that has yet appeared, it has never been
in the remotest contemplation of the friends of the
negroes to urge any direct abolition of slavery, well aware
of the fatal evils that must attend any precipitate and
ill-jullging attempts to extinguish a system which, evil
as it is, and revolting as it is to every principle of
Christianity or of feeling, in the present unprepared
state of these unfortunate beings, it would be a still
greater evil at once to abolish. They well know that
these unfortunate beings, the objects of their commi-
serating protection, are not in a condition that could,
with safety, ensure the extension to them of such a boon.l
All the reflecting and temperate advocates of slave
amelioration are perfectly convinced that it must be by
tie regular preparing and progressive courtd of instruc-
tion that these poor beings can be rendered capable of
:appreciating the intended benefit, before it can, or
ought to be, conceded to them. We agree with the
Lover of Equity" that it is by the education of the ex-
isting generation alone that this preparation can be
effected ; but be it remembered, that the spirit of reli•
gion, the claims of humanity, and the voice of English-
men, demand that instant aoselioration be given to
their wretched state—that there be an immediate ter-
mination of all oppressive tyranny, of all heart-sickening
and disgusting cruelty in their treatment.
_ .

Aind,—preciiely corresponding with these fair and just
principles, o ill it be found, that every thing which the
wisdom of our Government has projected for their
amelioration has been laid down—regardless .of the heat
of popular clamour, demanding impossible concessions
on the one hand, and alike deaf to the unsymp ithising
selfishness of interested owners on the other, adverse to
all improvement, and even reasonable amendment—a
course of dignified mediation, doing honour at once to
the hearts and heads of those to whom the rule of
British interests is entrusted.

Happy will it be for the good of planters, and surely
their soundest policy to meet these patriotic views—to
co-operate with, and second tie well-matured, and no
lesslittermined plans that they are now called upon to
adopt. Blind to their truest welfare, and hostile to those
who mean them good, they may persist in continued
rejection of measures intended, let them hear in memory,
to give to their slaves, not direct emancipation, nor tae
wild and visionary, far from •' ruinous and iniquitous,"
gift of freedom, but to proVide for them, and ensure to
them, by just and equal laws, that mild and benignant
treatment which it behoves Ch'istians to afford, and
which fellow-beings and fellmo-subjects are by nature,
by reason, and religion, entitled to enjoy I
AGRUU3 ALTER.
