SPARRING.

V
I

1 1

Neale, the Streatham youth, had a Benefit at the Fives'.court
yesterday, and it was but thinly attended;-.-like most other in-
tert•sts, men feel too much for their own interests. The only
set-to was between Harry Holt and Neale. It was an excellent
one, but Harry had the best of it. Bishop Sharps was there, but
the Gypsy was so much hurt in the late fight that be could not
she .—Jaren did :hew, and, like a scientific little man, he par-
ried, as well as he knew how, all cross arguments. The delu-
sion was £lOO to a prig's neckcloth, and Lowey, although never
built to beat his adversary, thought it safe not to Ky.—Dora
litpdson was matched to fight Neale, in six weeks, for £2.i—
en deposit.

BOW-STREET.—A Gentleman of the name of Black-
more made application to Mr. Minsnum., for a war-
rant against a Gentleman, an Officer in the Army,
for having written him a letter calculated to provoke
•him to a breach of the peace.
Mr. MINSHULL granted the warrant, and yester-
day Mr. Buckland appeared before the Magistrate to
answer the complaint of Mr. Blackmore. Mr. Black-
more handed the letter he had received from Mr.
Auckland to Mr. MINSHULL, who said its contents
were decidedly of a hostile nature, and he should call
on Mr. Buckland to find securities to keep the peace.
Mr. Buckland (a gentlemanlike looking young
man), evidently struggling under stifled resentment,
requested the Magistrate to listen to a few words
which Wiad to say, and when he was heard he had
no dou the statement made by that -- Gentle-
man would shew bow much his (Mr. Buckland's)
feelings must have been ezcited. Mr, Buckland
then entered into an explanation of certain domestic
circumstances, out of which the provocation had
arisen, and concluded with saying that if he had
met him, that he was determined to horsewhip him.
Mr. Mnispou.—Sir, you must not repeat such things here.
This violence must be restrained.

Mr. Blackinorn—That fellow horsewhip me ! I think I could
manage that as well as him.
Mr. Dockland—Mad you, Sir, (to Mr. Minshull,) felt as I
must feel, on an occasion where the peace of a respectable family
is injured, I don't think ysu could do much less than horsewhip
the person who had so ill-treated yop or your family. I would
have horsewhipped him till my wrist was broken had I met him.
Sir RICHMID Bisects—let me look at the letter. (The letter
was then banded to him.) I really must say, Mr. Minsbull, that
this letter is no challenge from this young Gentleman, although
it might provoke a challenge from the other party.
Mr. Mntsmitt—The letter, as well as the declarations of
Mr. Buckland, proved, that he intended to commit a breach of
the peace, which it is our business to prevent. And, therefore,
Mr. Buchiand, I shall call upon you to enter into your own re-
cognizance in the sum of sr**, and two respectable sureties in
XIS° each, that you keep the pease towards all his Majesty's
subjects. and particularly towards Mr. Illackmore,
Mr. Buckland—Really, Sir, I think the sureties are too high.
I am, it is true, an othcer in the army, now living with my
friends at Kepsington ; but at present I am on half-pay.
3lr. Alissnea—That m.y be; but looking to your temper
of mind, even in this othce, I think I cannot thi them at less;
they ought to be higher.
liuckland,l assure you, Sir, that but foe the respect I
bear you- and the place In which I am, I could But I
shall abide by your decision.
Mr. Blackmore—Under correction, may I ask you, Sir, if
you did not express an istemhis of moo going to France
Sir R. Braispr—Then, sir, you, will hive the less danger to
apprehend from this young Gentleman.
31insisett —You must be booed over till the Sessions.
31r. Blsckmore-11 you please, till they are concluded.
Sir ft. Btaxic..—As you are lirAe la ' Sir, and come here
for protection, I shouts] imagine yogi algae Wpm the legal import
of binding a man over till the Spisions.
Mr. Miusaqu.-"rbet it be for aye or two years.
Mr. Backlami—illot may I ash if that will not prevent my
going to the Continent ?
Sir U. kitgam—No, Sir, the very mew; you can in the
Wuxi* go where you please, sad' net endanger this Gentle-
nuns safety. -
Mr. Musitugt.--If Mr. Blaamore has behaved improperly
a 7 our family, there is another mode of redress.
Mr. Buckland-014 no, Sir, beyond what I have told you.
aqa glad we have so early discovered
Mr. hlntsitutt,—lndeed I think it had better be for two years.
W. Dockland-3,1y enmity you may depend, Sir, will sub-
side long before one year shall have expired.
Sic K. litatins.--Weil, j this Mr. inackmore should also and,
bail; for who knows when this young Grab:man is bound up(
that the other party may not live some provocation ? '
Mr. aureate .—lt Is very right; let jibe so.
Mr. Iluckland's bail were in attendance, and, having signed
the be, left the 'office, Mr. Jkluckland Windy thanking the
blegistrates for their kindness.
Mr. Blackmore also entered into the necessary recognizances,
and his father and another etattlentait were taken as his sureties.

I Ka

g

~/

0..... t
A troop of the 15th Hussars, under ihe command of Captain
Max./arms, is stationed. at Hythosimaid-ahe-solobbouring coast,
in aid of the Preventive Service men.
Colonel Lord Gannocx, C.B. has assumed the commard of
the Royal Staff Corps, at Hythe in the room of Lieut.-Colonel
MARLAY, appointed to the QUartermatfittc-General's Staff tit
Ceylon.
0402fitutaos, JULY 26, taw,
At a General Court ;mai eld at Hembay, on
the Ist of October, 1822,.4..iettena O nolonel WIL-
LIAM R08129N, of 111 S Ma.4.le ;tit 21th ttegitttnt of
Foot, was brought to trial op the t* lowing ehnrgei,
ed by order of the Most lithle the Comun Nnza
IN CHIEF Of L31;61, VIZ.
Ist. For conduct incompatible whit the duty of an Officer, in
traducing the Government under which his Majesty's orders
had placed him, by describing and characterising a public reso-
lution and measure of that Government, relative to Lieutenant.
Colonel Robison, as a Military Officer, as " an unwamntable
tyrannical exercise of authority, which reduces every Officer in
India to a state of slavery equal to that of the Gentlemen in the
Russian service ;" the above rnali.mant expressions forming part
of the first paragraph of a letter, dated the 9th of June, 1822,
addressed and sent by Lieutenant-Colonel Robison to, and re-
, caved by, the Chief Secretary to the Supreme Government, and
lan which, instead of offering any explanation of his conduct, or
soliciting any redress, he declares, that " he does not entertain
the smallest hope of justice or redress from a Government
capable of acting as the Government (as he therein alleges) had
acted towards him."
2d. For having pointed insulting and scandalous remarks at
the head Dille Supreme Government, who was at the same time
Lieutenant-Colonel Robison's Military Commander-io-Ch:ef, •
in the eighth paragraph of the above letter ; and in particular in
stating, that he hoped the Head of the Government would pro-
mulgate that it " is resolved to turn any Officer out of the coon.
try, at twenty-four hours' notice, who dares to publish a single
comment or sentiment upon public affairs, distileasing to them,
no matter what motives actuated him : if the Government fancy
it contains thc least offensive matter, the writer shall be turned
out of his house and quarters, like a dog with the mange, at the
point of the bayonet, and left, sick or well, ready or not ready,
to march off and embark fur Europe, if the sea coast be seven
hundred miles distant?'

3d. For abusive and grossly insubordinate language applied to,
and highly reflecting on, the Commander-in-Chief, in the 10th
and 11th paragraphs of the above letter, charging the Com-
mander-in-Chief with " taking to himself the peculiar merit of
inflicting on him (Lieutenant-Colonel Rohikm) truly despotic,
degrading, and inhuman measures," and accusing the Com-
mander-in-Chief of "more inconsistencies, acts of injustice, and
barefaced abuses of power and p itronage, during his command
of the Army in India, than are to be found in the annals of mili-
tary transactions tor 50 years before be came out to India."
Whereupon the Court passed the lollowing sentence:
.. the Court having maturely weighed and considered all that
has been adduced in support of tbe prosecution, as well as what
has been btought forward on the defence, are of opinion, that
the prisoner' Lieutenant-Colonel William Itobison, of his Ma-
jesty's 24th Regiment, is Guilty of all and every part of the
charges preferred against him, with the exception of the word
scandalous, contained in the second Charge, of which they do
therefore acquit him."
" The Court having found the prisoner Guilty, as above sp.,
dried, do therefore adjudge him, the said Litutenaut-Colonel
William Robison to be reprimanded in such manner as the Of.
&er approving this Sentence nsay think proper.
" The Court are induced to award this lenient sentence in
consequence of lAeutenant-Colonel William Robison's long and
Meritorious services, and tbe high character which he has pro-
duced on his defence, from the late Governor-General, as a con-
fidential servant of Government."
Adverting-to the nature of this case, as it appears
on the fece:Of the proceedings,..and le the character
of the charges, Of which Lieutenant-Colonel Robison
was found guilty, the King was pleased p. direct that
the Commander-in-Chief spould romulgate to the
Arm/ his Majesty's sentiaient's'`U n the inadequate
m and inconsistent lbtente df ilk • , with reference
to offences of which they:heal kind the prisoner
guilty; and,. which
..were.equally it violation of the
discipline of the Artnr, as they.were a breach of that
deference andrespect due to the Lbstinanished,Noble-
. . 9
man placed in the tit station of advernor-General,
.. .-
and Commander-in-L, of in India.

Upon these grounds the Commander-in-Chief deems
it essential, notwithstanding the death of Lieutenant-
Colonel Robison, which occurred on the passage from
India, to make known these, his Majesty s sentiments;
in order to maintain that discipline and subordina-
tion so essential to the interests and credit of the
Army at large, and to check any attempt made by
inferior Clfficers to set high authority at defiance, and
to insult those who administer command in his Ma-
jesty's name.
His Majesty was pleased to observe, that no in-
stance could occur wherein a spirit of insubordination
and of contempt for superior authority had been
carried to greater length than upon the occasion
which gave rise to this Court; por any instance in
which the sentence of a Court Martial has been more

calculated to encourage, rather than to repress, the
recurrence of crimes of a nature so grave, And of
tendency so dangerous to the Army; for the rank
and long services of Lieutenant-Colonel Robison,
instead of affording a plea for the lenient, dangerous,
and improper feeling shewn by the Court towards
him personally, aught to have been deemed by them,
in the exercise of their duty, a strong aggravation of
an offence against discipline, so extensive in its evil
tendency, inasmuch as the effect of such conduct
upon others muxt produce an influence pernicious in
proportion to the deference and respect paid to the
character of the individual who offends.
Though the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Robison
precludes that mark of the King's displeasure which
his -Majesty's sense of what is due to the Army might
have led his Majesty to inflict, yet his Majesty feel.;
it indispensable to the well-being of the service, to
reprobate, in decided terms, the dereliction of duty
as a soldier and as a subject, which marked the in-
subordinate and factious conduct of that Officer.
His Royal Highness the Commander-in-chief di-
rects that the foregoing charges against Lieutenant-
Colonel Robison, of the 24th Regiment, together
with the finding and sentence of the Court, and his
Majesty's pleasure thereon, shill; be entered in the
General Order Book, and teed at the head of every
Regiment in his Majesty's service.
By command of his Royal Highness the Commander-in-Cief.
HENRY TOR RENS, Adjutant-General.

Cardinal Albetoni's spirit was always very high,
and his temper very violent. During the time that
he was Prime MiniSter of Spain, Lord Harringtop,
the English Minister, carried him a list of the ships
of his country that were then before Barcelona, and
'would act against it if be persisted io his endeavours
5,,, tO embroil the peace of Europe by arming the Porte
the Emperor, and by making the Czar and
the King of-Sweden go to war With England, in order
to egablish the Pretender. Alberoni snatched the •
paper which contained the numbers,out of the gißis-
t t.i's -hands, and tore it in a thousand pieces. Lard
Harrington, nothi•tg 'disconcerted, went on coolly
' ith the thread of bis rftwersation—" And as I was
saying, Sir." •,.- • ...-....; . •

cis
