FROM THE QUOTIDIRSNE.

Admiral Duperre is going to sail from Brest, with a
numerous squadron, to America, on a mission sihich is
evidently of great importance. The Liberal Party hopes
it is to establish relations between Fiance and the
Mexican and Colombian Republics. We hope they will
be disappointed in their expectations. All peisons versed
in political economy, and without piny spirit, know
that whatever our Government might do to secure t►ie
existence of the new States, would, at the most, benefit
England and infallibly injure France.

A private letter from Constantinople, of the 25th
November, represents the Divan to be under great
apprehensions, owing to the late Emperor ALEXANDER'S
journey to the Crimea, where he had assembled an
army of 70,000 men, with artillery, pontoons, &c. as
well as the late repre,entation of the Russian Chaise'
d'Affaires, on the affairs of Moldavia and Wallachia.
ft avalioni, who was suspected of being the Assassin,
or his accomplice, who stabbed the money. broker
Joseph, in Paris, was on Friday confronted with vie
wounded man in presence of M. Freyssinous, Judge of
Instruction, but was not recognised by him.
All that was wanting to complete the independence
of Brazil, the recognition of it by the European PoweT •,
is now taking place:—Accounts from Vienna of the
28th ult. state, the Emperor of Brazil,
.Don PeDRO, has
been recognised by his father-in-law, the Emperor of
AUSTRIA, and that, in a few days, the Marquis Jose
DA SILVA, who has been at Vienna for this year past,'
with a mission from am Penns, will have a solentn
andre•nee'of his MAJeSTY, to deliver his credentials as
Envoy Estraordinat y from the Emperor of 8RAZ11,...
That the other Continental Powers will follow. this ea-
ample, cannot be doubted. •

\~~

; •

'ENINd STAR.

_LONDON.:

. TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1826.
STACK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We aro Oh morning entirely void of information, which is
4oring to the eanerly winds that prevail. Consols opened at Sill
SS, at which price they remain alternately sellers and buyers, with
little business doing.

The next Express from Paris or Hatnbursh will no doubt re-
lieve the public eaxiety in point of the truth. We have no re-
ports as yet.

In the Foreign Market little or nothing is doing up to the pre.
sent time.

Current Prices: Old Spanish Russian 14f 115, Mexican 701
71, Brasilian Serip-13 discount.
ONE O'CLOCK.
Spanish Stock has risen this forenoon, in consequence of a re-
port that the populace ISt. Spain• have risen, and demanded the
reinstatement of the ancient Corte& Strange times, when a re-
bellion in a country increases the, value of the Government Se-
curitlet.

erticic OF STOCKS AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 222% 222 223
3 per Cent. lied. 82% 14
3 Irtkr Cent. Cons. ex div. 811,E IA
3a pet Cent. Red. 90% 91
4 per Cent. New ex dlr. 9834 5/s 993/4 99
Long Ann. 205-18 3/4
India Stock ex div. 24.414
India Bonds 25 22
.Cl,OOO Excheq. Bills 7 9
£5OO ditto 7 6
Cons. tor Account 83 82%
EXCHANGES.
GILIIOA, Doc. 48.—0 n London, 50s. 6d.
lilsasnsa, Thtc. 17.—0 n London, 57.
Tamers, Dec. 22.—0 n London, 91. 48c.
ROTTERDAM, Jam 6.—On London, 59. 10.
• FRENCH FUNDS. Pants, Unarm 7.
Five per Cents. opened at . • PR. 60c.
Three per Cents. . . 6$ Sic.
Bank Stock 20771. 50c.
Brutes de Naples . . 781. 60c.
ltoyal Spanish Loan, 1825 . . 491 f.
&change on London, One Month 251. ISc.
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
tustrlan tads 5 p Ct. llex. Scrip,
kasilian !kinds Neapolitan Bond.,
Ditto Acct. 691 Peru+. lids, 6 p C. 45
lik.SeripApC.l62s, Ditto Acct. 46
Pumas Ayres Bonds Ditto Scrip, 1625,6 p C.
Milian Born's, p Ct. Portuguese Bonds
Colonlbiati 11.14,6 p C. Press. 1114. 5p C.
Do. Bits 1824. 661 Do. Bonds, 1822,
Do. Ace. 661 j e • ttoss.ilds,t 822, 5p C. 85}
Danish ll,Ntda, Ditto Acct. 651
ho. Marks ••••• Span. Sp Ct. C. in i
•

. .
Do.Bdi. 3 pC.1825, 621 3
Ditto for Acc. 124 1
Ditto Acet. Ditto 510,
Greek Bonds Span. 5 p. L. C. 1823. 9i
Do. &Is, 1825, French Brutes, S p C. 92f
Dittb Acct. Exchange, 2,5115 e
Alex. Bonds 5 p. Ct. French Radek 3 p C. .
Ditto A.ect. 5p C. . Exchange,
Do. 8d5,1825, 6p C. 701 1 1 Guatemala Bonds, .
Do. .Acct. 701 1 1 Ditto Scrip
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO
.O'CLOCK.

- .
MARL WM
Cutombian . 100 . S • -14
ProusioLa Paz. & Peruv. 50 5 5
Akiante &blab & For. 100 10 121 1
Guardian Fire Au. 100 10 171
United General Gas 50 15 101
British Ruck & Patent Salt 10 • 6 71 31

It is.confidently rumoured in the City this forenoon,
that an official account of the Grand Duke Co2isrAs
Tina rtsigning the Crown in favour of his brother
limn*Las, has reached this country.
We understand that Government has received ac-
counts confirming the above, of the Grand Duke CON-.
STANTINE having resigned the throne of Russia in
favour of his brother NICHOLAS.

Several months have now elapsed since we called the
attention of our Readers to the necessity of a parlia-
mentary inquiry into the conduit of the projectors and
managers of the innumerable schemes, which for these
two years have disgraced the country, and reduced so
many families to beggary.
Facts of the most incredible description now trans-
pire from day to day, in regard to those nefarious specu-
lations, of such a character, and involving in guilty par-
ticipation, such highly respectable names, that we grieve
to say the House of Commons cannot, without a total
abandonment of its own dignity, refrain from the in-
vestigaticin. N a temporizing sill do ; no select and'
partial inquiries, instituted by a few individual, will
satisfy the ends of justice, but a full, fair, and open
inquiry, at the bar of one or other Hothe of Parliament,
must commence, and we are much mistaken if it will
Lot, in the event, be found that the whole strength o:
the souod majority of our Legislature will be requisite
to drag the culprits into light; so numerous and so
powerfully connected are they supposed to be.

All the world knows that a heavy suspicion rests on the
characters of au immense number of Members, That
they were actuated by c6rropt motives in supporting
the prodigious number of private Bills which have re-
cently been enacted. It is said to be notorious that they
were propitiated inorarious ways, but more especially
with presents of so many hundred shares in the schemes
projected, which were placed at their disposal, to be sold
for their benefit, when the particular bubble to be sup-
ported. sbuild, by their exertions and influence, have
been trumpeted into notice. Let the facts, then, be
inve.tigated without fear or favour. The innocent will
be, cleared froin suspicion, and the guilty alone receive
merited obloquy. But can any one expect, whatever
may be his station in life, to be held in honourable
estimation, who stoops to the petty plunder of his coun-
trynsen in such miserable channels as through a per
centage on one and two pound shares• in this or that
mock company ? -
We lament to say that the truth is so, and is un-
deniable. Nay, it is even wprse than so, as appears by
the Arigna Company, to the case of which it is our in•

tension to call the most sethms attention of the public

within a day or two. .
To the honour of the Assemble hi' tbe Colonies
Demerara and 'Essequibo, it has resolved to eaforce tl

recommendations of his Majesty's Ministers for ame-
liorating the condition of the negroes. It will be in the
recollection of our Readers, that nearly three years
ago, Mr. Secretary CANNING, in a speech distiniuished
by its eloquence and humanity, moved, in the House of
Commons, three Resolutions, declaratory of the feel-

tugs of Parliament and the Administration on the sub-
ject of e lonia! ,lavery.
The first Resolution declared the expediency of adopt-
ing the most efficient and decisive measures for amelio-
rating the condition of slaves in our Coloi.ies. la the
second it was tesolved—

" That the House and the Government by a brm, determined,l
and temperate enforcement of such measures, hope so to improve
the condition of the slaves, as to prepare them for the enjoyment
of those civil rights and liberties which are enjoyed by others of
his Majesty's subjects."
These retolutions were adopted unanimously ; and
Mr. CANNING well observed, it would be bitter to re-
commend the new system to the kcal assemblies in the
Colonies, than to enact a law to enlorce its adoption.
Earl BATHURST, to whose zeal and firmness in the
business even the advocates of unqualified abolition of
slavery pay a tribute of praise, sent letters to the several
Colonies to that purpose.

Nothing, it would be thought, could be more temperate
than the conduct of Ministers and the delicacy with
which Earl BATHURST, in his circular, suggested an
amelioration of slavery by the education of the negroes;
and the abolition of the whip,so far as regarded females,
would have disarmed all opposition in the Colonial As-
semblies. Unhappily this has not been the case; in
some Colonies it has been called ati unjust decree—an
illegal interference on the part of the. British Government
—and even hints were, in one instance, thrown out of
a separation of the Colony from this country.
The Legislature of Tobago, however, adopted a dif-
ferent course, and passed a Bill for improving the con-
dition of the slaves, in the spirit recommended by the
British Government. The Sunday markets were abo-
lished, and Thursday allowed instead, for the slaves to
I cultivate their grounds and sell their produce; the
punishments were much reduced, and several amelio-
rations in the condition of the slaves were made.
Whether the recommendation of Ministers; and the
example of the Legislature of Tobago would have been
followed in other Colonies or no:, we do not pretend to
say, but some circumstances occurred, which tended
considerably to increase the opposition of the Colonists
to these alterations in the slavery law,. We 'allude
more particularly to the insurrrectlisp in Demerara,
where the slaves, fancying that the British Parliament
had declared their entire emancipation, and that k was
withheld by their masters, ruse in rebellion and com-
mitted several excesses. Some' outrages took place in
othaLCJloilies, and it was not umil a Royal Proclama-
tion explaining more specifically what Government had
dine was issued, that tranquiility and confidence were
restored to the Colonies.

In Mr. CANNING'S speech, to which we have more
than once alluded, he observed that there were some
Colonies in which the Crown held authority without
independent Legislatures, and then the measures deci.
ded upon might be-cat ri.:d into effect without abstrac-
tion. Some difficulty has, liowever, occurred'in these
Colonies, as in the case of Trinidad. These, however,
we trust, will be obviated, and having thus done with
the dark side of the picture,
.we turn to a more agree-
able duty.
We allude to the ordonnance which will.befound in our
first page, for the religious instruction and improvement
of the condition of slaves in Demerara and Essequibo.
This ordonnance, so acceptable to humanity, and so ho-
nourable to the Assembly by whom it is passed, was to
be put in force on the Ist inst.
By this new Ordonnance a Fiscal, who is prevented
from holding estates or slaves, is appointed Pro-
Lector of Slaves r all work on Sunday is abolished;
no overseer is allowed to carry a whip, either ;54 badge
of authority or stimulus to labour; vo fi %ging of
female slaves is allowed ; nn sl ore can be !punished
'with more than twenty-five lashes, and that not in-
flicted in the mo•itent of the offence, When passion
might predominate, but next day, and that in the pre-
sence of one free person or six slaves.
Every female slave who preserves her fidelity in mar-
liege is, six weeks after the birth of a child, to receive
12 guilders for the first, and 15 guilders. for every suc-
ceeding child. The hours of working are fixed at from
six in the morning till six in the evening, with two hours
for meals. If the sale of slaves becomes necessary, they
are to be sold in families, and no separation of husband,
wife, and children, is allowed.
Other regulations establish the right of the slave to
property, and ate well calculated to prepare the slaves
by degrees for that full blaze Of liberty, which, if it
burst on them at once, might be attended with some
degree of danger.

It appears by letters from Gibraltar, which have been
received :o the 20:h ult. that in consequence of the
opposition made by the Spanish authorities of Algesiras,
II to the sending assistance across the lines by the English
to vessels driven on shore during the late gales, it be-
came necessary on the part of the latter to employ an
armed force to enable them to carry their humane pm'
pose into effect. General Doti, the Governor, and S;r
JOHN Piutu.tuosts, Commander of hii Majesty's ship
TIMIS, simultaneously ordered a force to proceed by
land, and the crew of the THSTIS to proceed in beats
by sea, to give assistance ain preserving the lives
and property of individuals. Some accounts say

that the firir druchment-which reached. the-sputvbeing
fer in number, ware fired upon by the Spanitrdy.,
bot who gave up the point .on the arrival of the
larger force, to which it would have been useless to
oiler any resistance. The S?ani.h authorities held a
very blustering tone on the occasion, affirming that the
British had no right to pass the lines, and sent off dis-
retches for Madrii,with intelligence of the outrage they
conceived had been inflicted on them. Their promised
plunder from the wrecked vessels was thus snatched'
from them. When the letters came away, a strong
British force, under the command of a Field Officer,
remained at the outposts for the protection of those en-
gaged in giving succour to the wrecked vessels.

This forenoon we received Frankfort rapers to the
4th inst. They contain no p. litical intelligence, but
give an account of a dreadful fire.at Johannisberg, in
Silesia, which raged for four days, and reduced the
town to a heap of ruins. The following are the details:

VIF.NSA, Dscrmize

On the 4.11, at nine in the evesnog, a fire broke out at
Johannisberg, in the cit de of Troppau, which a high
wind immedia.ely spread to the middle of the town, and
in a short lime 104. houses were in fl Imes. All attempts
to stop their progress were in vain, though the
inhabi-
tants of the u• ighhooring: country, and- all the engines
that could be procured, were on the spot, even from the
Prussian fortre's of Neisse, which is 18 miles distant.—
The fire, fanned by the constant south winds, continued
to burn under the ruins of the houses, which were for
the most part of brick, and the danger continued for
four days, for, on the 7th, the steeple of the Church was
burning, the body of the building having been alteady
destroyed : even the vaults are broken in. The whole
place is a mass of ruins. Above 300 families are
ithout shelter in this inclement season, and reduced to
extreme distress, with no prospect of help but from
HEAVIIN, and the compassion of the benevolent.

We have received the Piedmontese Gazelle to the
30:h ult. It contains letters from Rome, giving de-
tailed accounts film Ferrara, of the inundation of the
Po, which had risen to an extraordinary height.

At Pesaro there was a terrible hurricane on the 9th
which caused the sea to overflow the port and put of
the town, and did great dam rge to the Mole. An
ancient bastion was entirely destroye.l. On the 10th
the sea became railer more calm. It is feared that
great damage must have been done to the port of Seni.
.gaglia, because the newly erected works cannot be suf-
ficiently cOnsolidated :o resist such an extr:ordinary
impetus of:the waves.
Letter'! frbm Comacchio of the 12th, say, there had
been constant storms on the fith, 9th, 10th, 11th, and

12dt; %bailie sea had risen to 4 great height, and in-
indateJ the country.

Brussels Papers to the Bth inst. re ched us this fore-
noon. They notice that the Bolin Jonknar and the
Prussian Slate Casette, both of 3lst Dec. have no news from War•
saw'," or St. Petersburgb.
A British Cabinet bressenger passed through Brussels, on his
way from London to St. Petersburgh,on the 3d inst.
A Letter from Vienna says, that a report was in circulation
there, that`thc Greek Prince YP,ILANTI, who has been for some
years confined in the Castle of Montgatsch. in Hungary, would be
shortly restored to liberty, in consequence of solicitations received
front Warsaw, from a person of high rank.
