TH E EVENING- STAR.

LON DON.

WEDNESDAY, itNE 15, 1814.
km* OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK:
Reduced .69ii—Cons. for acc. 71i -h-4 per Ct. 85;
4.thl—Bank Long Amts. 16 1.5-16ths 17
India Bonds, 65.75. pre.—Exchequer Dill% 2s. dis. Is. pr.

e have received Paris Papers of Sunday. A
Minor Journal announces the return of General BEn.
tRARD from the Island of Elba, and adds, that Bo-
NAPARTeS insanity has at length assumed such a
serious character, that his life is in danger.
The Moniteur of the 12th contains a Royal Decree
for re-modelling the French Board of Longitncle.
The members ate Vice-Admiral Coda' Rosilly, Che.
wailer de Rosie]; Captain in the Ftench Navy, Messrs.
tuacke and Beauteinps-neaupre, members of the
Institute. Engineers—Messrs. Provest, Lartigue,'
Raoul, Dausscy, Bailly, Fayele, Croisey, Collin,
GivrY, and Gressier.
The proceedings of the Chambei of Deputies exhibit
nothing of striking interest. On the motion of M.
DUMOLARD, a Committee has been appointed to aka-
tain the names of such Deputies as are foreigners by
birth, and not regularly naturalited. This measure
is preliminary to a motion for their expulsion. •

I'ARtS, JUNE 12.
The Dike of Orleans has set off for London;
whence he will embark for Sicily to visit the Luchess
his wife; who is eneriots and in the last month of her
pregnancy. He will bring bet to Paris as ' soon as
she is able to travel. His Royal Highness will pro-
bably be absent three or four months.
The election of M. Laine; as President of the
ChaMber of
,Deputies, has been sanctioned by his
Majesty.
There was a review, to-day in the ChttrilpsElysees,
which created a most dreadful uproar, and yet went
•off very peaceably at last. No less than 500 drums,
belongiii.;" to the National Guards, passed muster on
the occasion.

Cardinal Maury and M. Daubignose, formerly at
the head of the Police of Hamburgh, have published
Memoirs in justification of their recent conduct.—
The former asserts that his conduct is purely roan•
gefical : the latter cites the causes Which led to the
acts of his administration. In replying chapter by
chapter to the Pamphlet entitled 41 Ban:burgh and
hinrihal Davourt," M. Daubignose seems to think
that M. de Bourienne is the author:

The fine pieces of stained glass in the Church
of Notre Dame, which formerly displayed the /eau
de Ili and other insignia of the Bourbon family, were
ordered to be destroyed at the Revolution. They
Were only daubed, however, with a coating of paint,
Which has now been removed, and the stained glass
is as beautiful as ever.

We 'lave frankly exprested the opinion *e enter-
tain tespetting the clause in the Treaty of Peace, per.
initting five years commerce in African blood. We
repeat=-that nothing but wrath from the ALMIGHTY
AREITER of the fate of Nations, can be eSpected to
follow the execution of such A cbmpact. No circum•
stances tilliateVer, whether of policy or state necessity,
can justify a public compliance with principles and
practices directly opposed to the fiats of Eternal Jus-
tice. What ! Declare g, N THE NAME OF TILE HOLY
AND UNDIVIDED TRINITY" that the French shall be
put in possest,lon of Colonies, which we had a power
to withhold ; and be Suffered for rIvE 1 EARS to carry
on a Trade in Slaver to these very Colonies 1 What an
impiety

It is never too late to turn from evil% We have been
told, Forsooth, that the compliance was necessary, to
resit& the ntinds of commercial men in Franc. Let the
French be yet told that non comidiarree, on the part of
the British Government, is indispensible to satify the
people of England.—That that people which has made
so many sacrifices to procure liberty to Europe, will
never consent to entail slavery on another portion of
the hnman race.

From the following lend. our Readers may judge
of the industry with which this trait in blood will
be pursued, should this country pet mit it i—And let
tSe nation, as ohe Mari, come instantly forward with
respectful but firm petitions to Parliatnent, protesting
against so flagrant an act of injustice.,—ln a word,
let us see whether the voice of French commercial
men or English free men is to prevail on a question
of such importance to the welfare of the human race.
—Let not this great and free nation wage scat' with
lirdivrm by tacitly permitting so flagrant an act of
injustice to be perpetrated " in the name of the Huly and
unsfivided7R :mar!"

'EXTRACT OF A LETTVI la ROM rORT LOWS, MAURITIUS;

DATED 12TH FEBEUARY.

" t as'ase you I have no sinecure in my present appointment,
as I have heels kept continually trt action, with the hope of de-
feating the Slave-.peculators, who swarm in these colonies, and
desolate, I am way to say with impunity, ill-fased Madat.i.car.
I have seized on different plantations 100 Negroes feloniou.ly
ituported ; I have done this under the authority of Mr. Boot
HAM'S Slave-felony Act. Tho Frtnch Judge,,, in their turn,
.uninton Inc before them, for not attending Cu the forms ut their
tribunals—forms which render the conviction of the enntinal,
awl the reki,tu of the African iiinvesible. I protest against these
iirt%tlictio:is—and they pun a flue of 2.000 dollars uu me, but
whieh they Lite not yet dared to levy.
" I have w: itten !wale to the proper persons on the subject;
as without some prompt and efficacious remedy, it will be im-
possible to check this scandalous traffic; and it cannot be expec•
red from t'r.e most active public servant to persevere singly
against a bad} of dept aved but able resident', who consider the
