ix TRACTS.

Sti angers seem t think that the
.re-organization
of Greece proceeds slowly, but they forget the almost
insurmoui.t4ble d.fficu;ces in whch this country was
involved betore tie evacuation of the.Peloponnesu,. At
present, thanks tit the French army, this part of Greece
is delivered it.,m the Turk, and every thing is ber;in-
uing
to t ..ke a near sp.ing. The Presiden!, with pater-
anxiety, directs all his cares to the regeneration of
the people. He .knows that the hope of his country
rests upon the educition of its children ; and this, he
forms in all directions scho.ls of mutuil instruction.
This benefit will secure to Greece, in the course of a
few years, a new generation, which, being no 'longer
under the debasing yoke oh the Turk,, will be free from
the vices inherent to a state of slavery. This is brief
summary of the official news received.
44 On the lit of Novemba the important post of the
monastery of Vombo, in Livadia, WAS taken by the
Greeks. _ _

." On the 9th of November a Committee of Greek
Ladies was formed upon the invitation of the Pre►i-
dent, to superintend the education of young Greek girls,
and to provide means for furnishing clothes to the
orphan establishments.
On the 12th of November the President invited
the Panhelleniuns.to take steps respecting the convoca-
tion of .the National Congress. He expressed himself
in the following terms Since Greece has resumed the
exercise of its rights, no epoch has been more decisive.
than the present. Tie deliberation of the Congress
will take place in the presence—if 1 may say so—of the
civilized world: the future fortunes of Greece are in the
hands of great and generous Powers. Let the nation
perform its duty—let the nation perform it in proving
itself worthy of its future destiny; .&c.
" On the 17th of. November the town of Livadia, the
capital of the province, surrendered to Gen. Ypsilanti.
'On the 19th of November, Mr. Dawkins, the English
resident in Greece, transmitted his credentials to the
rPresident. This positive recognition of the Greek Go-
.verrscoent by England is of first-rate importance.
" On the 20th of November, the civil and military.
authorities of Nauplis met after divine service, to con.
sect ate the schools of mutual instructioni and the esta•

hlishment designed for the young orphans. The Bkhop
&las, in his installation speech, said, that man can
be rendered worthy of his name by education alone,
which is the basis of all civilization. A pupil of the
school, a rlung or phan, also made speeches, more re-
markable for their adulation of the President, than for
their in,rinsic merit.

On the 28th of November, the town of Salona was
occupied by the Greeks. 'For the last month their suc-
cess has been constant in all that part of Romelia.
slore than 800 Turks have been killed ; 400 Arabian
horses have been taken, as well as a very considerable
booty. It is with satisfaction we mad in the general
bulletin that the Greeks have treated their Turkish psi.
soners with kindness, and that surgeons have dressed
their wounds.
In the island of Candia the Greeks have taken two
hundred Arabian horses, and bine %formed with them
.a corps of cavalry. The richest provinces of that island
are now in the power of the Greeks.
" In the island Of Santorino the Demogerontes have
est sblished iu the town and in the principal villages,
four schools of mutual instruction, together with a
school fix the ancient language of Greece, and for the
present language of Fiance. Its all the other islands
stmlas establishments are forming, and thus we live in
loses iif seeing clucated 'all at once our entire genera-
teisti of children..

" At the beginning of November a new American
vessel arrived at Poros, laden nit rely with plovisions
and clothes for the -poor rf Greece. Pail was sent by
the Philhelleoes of Boitno, ao.I part by those of New
York. Thr, uAh the whole of Greece there has been an
abundant harvest of r•il.

PR,iVIDENCt, w hick has so visibly protected Gene
in the most disastrous and desi,erate moments, seems
desirous to put end to her sufferings. Let us hope
that the sacistactory details which I have just given,
will be M owed up by news stil mole layout 4E2 tn,
the organization and tiviliz.►tion of that unhappy
people. Count Capo d'l,tri•t con•inucs to enjoy god
health. though labouring from twelve to fifteen hours
a day."

FUNCH JAW. 24.—Five per Ctntr. 1081. 85C
60c. Three per Cents. 751. 741. 9.5 c. Bank Stock, 1,7201. Napks
Stock. 781.65 c. Royal Spam.b Limn, 7441. Eschanse on 1,..nt10n,
one month (paper), £5l. 200. (Money), 20. 15c. three months
(paper), 25f. (money), 24f. 1/sc.—Cahn wititheistigie.

BRUNSWICK CONSITIUTIONAL CLUB.

FROM THE NORFOLK CHRONICLE.

Thursday la-t a General Meeting of the Members of
this Club was held at the Norfolk llotel. for the pur-
pose of preparing Petitions to he presented to his Ma-
jesty and the t a o Houses of Par liament against granting-
any further concessions to the Roman Catlioncs.
Colonel flanvey, being called to the Chair, began
by saying, that he was highly gratified to see so nume-
rous and respectable a Meeting of his fellow citizens
assembled to support a proceeding in which he con-
sidered the bent interests of tire country were involved
—he meant that of petitioning tie th. one and the Le-
gislature, at the present crisis, to nseintain with in-
creased fit:noes: the integrity of our Constitution. He
rejoiced to find so many of those amongst whom he
lived showing, by their presence on that occasion, how
well they appreciated the blessings, civil and reli-
gious, which. as Englishnien end Poorstarits, they en-
joyed. It proved that they were nether ignorant of ion
'patiently* to what wasgoing on in the p world,
end that 011 were determined to he faithful to their 'e-
lision and t'reit country. Daring the short titne
had elapsed since he had last the plessole of addressing
them, etents had occulted of a nature calculated to
confirm all their minds mote aid mite in the-opinion
that resistance ought to be opposed to the claims •.f the
Roman Catholics, and that a refusal of the legislative
power sh uld be equally given to Jesuitical craft and
t.r Popish malevolence. Altlorugh the thui.ders of the
Vatican were.mute, there were still many ciicionstances
occurring which demonstrated that the inclination of
the See of Rome to conies, I and tyrann. ze over man
kind was by no meins diminished; the power alone
was at present wanting ; but its l'r esthood were at this
moment mideavuuring to ov. rthrow the fairest pillar,
of our Constitution—the ascendancy of the Protecan
religion. He called upon thine who heard him to ex•
amine the form and • attitude if the Irish Roman Ca-
tholic Association—to observe that it was already assum-
ing to itself the authority of an incipient Govercment.
Tam were collected by it, and the ivist multitude of
people under its influence w, reorganised and disciplined,
ready to act with the most rntire devotedness under their
leading ag•titor, or, as he is emphatically call-c+, their
King, O'Connell. Every calumny. every opprobrium
that cuold engender malicious hatred against the 'La-
tish Gov. riiment, was lavished upon it by this Popish
Parliament, whose cry was still about the giiev.oces
which _Roman Catholics Nidure, forsooth, horn Pro.
testant insult, avarice, and het esy. o We, Gentlemen,"
said the worthy Colonel. " and such as we who have
formed ourselves into a Brunswick Constiotional So-
ciets are called by them the ferocious banditti—hVod-
hounds—and a hellish crew; and such persons as Lord
Bexley, and oilier individuals of rapk and consideration,
ire designated by the Irish agitatOrs as (paltry folks and
the crawling creatures of yeiter day.' In their ungovern-
able rage, however, against any set of men who iesoluti ly
oppose their neiatious designs, they have fortunately
torn aside the veil, and prematurely exposed their
craft, theii hypocrisy, and their ill will." The Hon.
Gentleman then proceeded to remind his hearers
that they were met there to oppose the exercise of no
man's mode of worship, buuonly to preserve their own
religion and liberties against the usurping encroach.'
meats of the Papal supremacy on the legislation of this
Protestant country. The members of the Brunswick
Clubs were associated in the cause of civil and religious
liberty, for the united security of both Protestants and
Roman Catholics. "I will not allow," said he, "that
the good will which I entertain towards Roman Catholics
as individuals is inferior to that which is felt by Roman
Catholics themselves towards each other. I have several
intimate friends cf that persuasion, and whom I per-
sonally respect; but compelled as I am to regard them
as subservient to the influence of their Hierarchy, I
cannot giie. my consent to their legislating for the
Protestant ChOrch and Constitution of these realms."
Toe Irish Pritinder, as he might call Mr. O'Connell,
bad tilked of sending Missionaries to England to
communicate the spirit of the Irish Catholics to chef
adherents in this count, y. He would ask what spirit
it was that the Dublin Association was desirous of
infusing among us, if it was not a rebellious spirit in
