to bring in a bill to remove the disabilities affecting the Jews.l
Agreed to on division ; for the motion, 115—against it, 97
majority, 18.
Thursday Bth.—(Lords.)--Tbe royal assent given to Lord El.
leaborough's divorce bill.
Both houses adjourned to the 26th, for the Easter recess.
Monday, 26th.—(Commons.)—The usury laws' amendment
bill considered in committee. The object of the measure being to
throw open the trade in money. Bead a second time.
Wednesday, 28th.—(Lords.)—The Bishop of London's estate
bill read a second time.
Same day—(Commons.)—Motion by the right hon. C. Grant,
relative to the affair at Terceira, and recommending the recognition
of Donna Maria as Queen of Portugal. Negatived by a majority
of 119 against it.
Thursday, 28th.—(Commons.)—Motion by Mr. Brougham, for
leave to bring in a bill fot the establishment of local judicatures in
certain districts in England, with a view to diminishing the expense
of legal proceedings. Agreed to.
May.-11Ionday, 3rd.—The Royal assent given to the 4 per tam.
annuities reduction bill, and the Haymarket removal bill.
Same Day.—(Commons.)--Colonel O'Grady, the sitting member
for Limerick county, unseated, on petition of Mr. J. H. M. Daw-
son, on the ground of undue election. In committee of supply, the
Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed a vote of 100,0001. for cont.{
pleting the repairs of Windsor Castle. Motion withdrawn, subject
to the report of a committee of inquiry on the ultimate expense of
the repairs.
Tuesday, 4th (Lotds.)— Motion by Lord Mountcasbel for
the appointment of a commission to inquire into the abuses of the
established Church of England and Ireland. Negatived without a
division, there being only one voice in favour of the motion.
Sante Day—(Commons.)—Bill to regulate the sale of beer read
a second time. For the bill 245 ; against it 281 majority 217.
Wednesday, sth —(Lords.)— Hampstead-heath inclosare bill
rejected on its second reading by a majority of 18 against the bill.
Monday, 10th—(Lords.)...-Bill brought in by the Archbishop
of Canterbury, to enable clergymen to take a composition for
tithes, for terms not exceeding 21 years, the value of the tithe to be
regulated by the average price of corn.
Tuesday, Ilth—(Commons.) Leave given to bring in a bill to
abolish the payment of fees on demise of the crown. Motion by
Mr. Hume for abolishing the office of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland
negatived by a majmity of 114.
Wednesday, 12th. (Commons.) Hungerfonl market improve-
mcnt bill read a third time.

Thursday, 13th, (Commons). On the motion of Mr. Slaney a
select committee was appointed to inquire into the state of the work-
ing classes.
Friday, 14th, (Commons.) In a committee of supply, Sir Jamie
Graham insisted on the reduction of salaries and pensions enjoyed
by the higher civil and military officers, and moved for returns re-
lating thereto. Negatived on division.
Monday, 17th—(Commons.)—Petitions from the City of London
presented in favour of the emancipation of the Jews. Mr. R. Grant
moved the second reading of the bill. Negatived on a division,
there being in favour of the bill, 165; against it 228; ma.
jority, 63.
. Tuesday, 18th—(Commons.)--Further consideration of the
claims of the British West India Colonists postponed till next ass.
sion. Motion by Sir John Newport for applying the revenue of the
first fruits in Ireland to the support of the poorer clergy, negatived
by a majority of 29 against it. The administration of justice bill
went through committee, and resolutions agreed to for allowing
5,0001. a.year to the :additional judges, to be appoined under the
bill.

Wednesday, 19th (Commons.)—On the motion of the Chancellor
of the Exchequer, it was agreed that compensation he allowed to the
Welsh Judges, whose fees shall be abolished by the bill for altering
the administration of Justice in Wales.

Friday, 21st.—(Commons)...-The sale of beer bill committed—a
clause proposed by 111r.!Monk to limit consumption in houses opened
under this bill, was negatived on division, the numbers being—for
the clause 118, against it 143 ; majority in favour of the original
hill 25.

Monday, 24th.-.-(Lords.)—The first official communication to
parliament of his Majesty's indisposition made by message, signi-
fy ing the inconvenience of signing the public instruments with his
own hand. An address of condolence agreed to. Papers relating
to Greece laid before the house, and the refusal of the sovereignty of
that state by Prince Leopold communicated.

Same Day.—(Commons.)--Message respecting the King's ill-
ness, and address of condolence. The forgery punishment bill in
committee. Sir James Mackintosh's amendment to do away with
capital punishment in all cases of forgery, negatived by a majority
of 15 in favour of the original bill.

Tuesday, 23th.—(Lords.)--Motion for the appointment of can-
mib4loners to affix the Bing's signature by stamp to public docu-
mcnts.-.Agreed to.
Same Day.—(Commons.)—Motion by Mr. Lennard to repeal so
much of the act of 10th Geo. 11. c. 28, which empowered the Lord
Chamberlain to prohibit the acting of any new dramatic entertain.
ment on the stage.—Negatived without a division.

Wednesday, 26th.—(Lords.)—Bill for facilitating the progress
of suits in Equity read a third time.
Thursday, 27th.—(Lords).-King's sign manual bill read a third
time, and passed.
Friday, 28th.—(Commons.) Motion by Mr. O'Connell, relating
to Parliamentary reform, negatived on division—For the motion 13,
against it 319, majority 306.
Jut/E.—Thursday, 3rd.—(Commons.)—Motion by Dr. Philli.
more, for altering the law relating to divorce, negatived on division,
the numbers being—for the motion 45, against it 102, majority 57.
Motion by Mr. Sadler, for introducing a system of poor laws into
lteland negatived without a division.

Monday, 7th.—(Commons.)—Grant for foreign missions pro-
posed in Committee of Supply, and warmly opposed—majority of
19 in favour of the vote. Further consideration of the forgery bill,
and motion by Sir James hlackintosh to repeal the punishment of
death in all cases except in the forgery of wills. For the motion 151,
against it 138, majority 13.
Tuesday, Bth—/Commons.)—Motion by Mr. Attwood to raped
the currency acts, and to permit the issue of small notes; negatived
without a division.
llth--(Comfnons.)—Leave given to bring in a bill foe
the ual abolition of slavery.
T ursday, 17th—(Commons.)—Motion by Colonel Wilson for ,
leave to bring in a bill to enable British-born Jews to hold landed
property, negatived without a division.
Monday, 21st—(Commons.)—Sale of beer bill further considered
in committee ; proposition to Imit its operation to three years nega-
tived by a majority of 30 in favour of the bill.
Saturday, 20th—(Lords.)—House specially summoned in con-
sequence of the demise of his Majesty King George the Fourth.
Several Peers took the oath of allegiance, &c. to King William
the Fourth. _

---Stunefta-y—(Commons.)—The Speaker communicated the King's
death. Mr. Brougham censured the Lord High Steward (Marquis
of Conyngham) far not attending at a proper time to swear in the
members. - - _

Tuesday, 29th...(Lords.)...Message from the King recommend.
ing the dispatch of public business, for the purpose of a dissolution
of parliament. Address of condolence agreed to.
Same Day (Commons.).—King's message brought up, and ad.
dress thereon agreed to.
Wednesday, 30th—(Lords.)—The King's message further con.
sidered, and proposition for a regency rejected.
Same Day—(Commons.)—Amendment moved by LordAlthorpe
for adjourning the debate on the regency question. Negatived by a
majority of 46.
- - - - - -

- -
JULY, Tuesday, 6th.—{Lade.)—Sale of beer bill read a second
time.
Same Day.—(Commons.)—Motion by Mr. R. (leant for an ad.
dress to his Majesty, the expediency of pro.
riding against the poesiregbrellanaliZe tlaolgessedilgerown, by the appointment
of a regency—negatived on division ; for the motion 93, against it

247 ; majority in favour of ministers 194.
Friday, 9th.—(Commons.)--The libel law amendment bill read
a third time, and posed.
Monday, 12th. —(Lords.)—The sale of beer bill read a third time,
and passed.
Tuesday, Oth.--Conilionrons.joi—Motion by Mr. Brougham for the
consideration at an earl neat session of a plan foe the aboll.
Wm of slavery in the les—negadved on the division ; for the
motion 27, against it MI; majority 29.
Tuesday, 20th.—(Lords.)—Court of session (Scotland) bill, ad-
ministration of justice bill, and several private bills, were advanced
a stage.
Thursday. 22d.•—(Lords.)—Message from the King directing the
removal of Sir Jonah Barrington, from his office of Judge of the
Admiralty Court is Ireland, foe malversation. The sugar duties'
bill, and the administration of justice bill, were read a third time,
and pusW.
Fry, 23d..—(Lords.)—Parliament prorogued by the King in
person.
Saturday, 24th.—Parliament dissolved by proclamation.

It would seem, that during the last week, Mr.
Stephens, of Callan, with his characteristic sympathies for the
poor of that town, ordered two of his sheep to be killed each
week for their use, until the end of September next. The two
first were killed lot week, and incautiously boiled in copper yes.
sels which had not been used for a considerable time before, and
were, in consequence, rusted with incrustations of verdigris. Se.
'octal of the poor had portions of the soup saved out to them, and
the result is, that three died on Saturday. two more up to yes.
terday, and twenty.rive are in a state which lams no bops of their
recovery.—lfilkenny Journal of Tuesday.
