IMP

..PS

the
. , that, -.inistrator
be defendant in a suit for the administration of the as-
sets of his testator or intestate, there he shall in like
manner annex to his answer a similar schedule, con-,
. taining a statement of his teceipts an I payments assuck
executor or administrator, and of the balance then in
his hands on that account, and also a statement of all
the ourstandiosproperty of the said testator or intestate,
awl of the debts ditetO him, as far as the lame has e come
to his knowledge; and shall verify the same by his an-
swer. ,And that no,suchbill or answer shall be filed in
the Six Clerks' Office, unless these directions be corn,
plied. with : and,
.in order to -enable the Six Clerks to
net in.that res'Pect,--there Shall, on every such bill, be
ialdemiedsbt the clerk in coort„ that it is a .. Bill for the
administration of assets; and on every such answer,
there shall in like mane er be indorsed by the *clerk in.
Court, that it is an " Answer to a bill for the admit
nistrition .of assets."
128. That at say time after the filing of any such bill or
answer, the Coon may make such order as shall be ex-
pedient for.the solarity of the balance so appearing to
be in the hands of the executor or administrator, and of
the outstanding property of the said testator or intestate,
and of the debts due to him, upon the summary appli-
_ cation of any party to the suit, or of any creditor or
other person interested in the assets to be administered,
although not a party to the suit. ~, AT.
129. That in order to enable creditors or other per-
sons interested in the administration of the assets of a
' testator or intestate, who are not parties to the suit, to
etiAlce such applications, any person upon applying to
any clerk in Gant, and producing an office copy of an
affid sett filed, that he is either a creditor or other per-
son interested in the administration of the assets; or is
authorised by some other person whom be believes to
'be a cred..or or person interested in such administra'
tion, shall be at liberty to read any such bill or answer
in the Six Clerks' Office, upon paying for the same a
fee of 6s. Bd. ; and may take an office copy of such parti
of the bill or atiswer as he thinks fit.
130. That if; after the filing of a bill by any executor
or administrator for the administration of the assets of
his testator or intestate, or after a subpoena served upon.
any executur or administrator, upon a bill filed by any
ether person, for the administration of the assets, such
executor or administrator- !hall make any payment to
any ciedit.r"tichls testator.or.int-atme, which shall o
• ..
.. WC to the pretu.dize of stop. qtlier. 'creditor of equal dd..
gree, thee to.theentat to which such paymenkshall es
• e.peratte to the prejndiced aay other creditor of ego
41100.04#2**1!;-,10 r 4 F 4.sail°Wefl by. illf bliatfe .of
Vlll.C9ttirsxkifts**. '1 tita5.4e4.44411 40
or administretokshall • ~,ii ,- .-- .1.49
131. That, • after the institution. of.,mer snit fur die
administration of, the assets of . any. eastkpr4tr-icitestaiito
' te execntai oesriujnisttator-Jpay apply:M.ll)e court
- : : ,
a an injpnction to tea rain the proceedintqf a Creditor
at•lpw, although ao d.-etee has been pronoimeed, in the
snit ; t :Wk. exactassr or administrator supporting his
npplie4idit 4Y-iti.affliavit. stating the actual balance
• in his heads in resvct to the estate to be administered,
. and sulseristing to the immediate payment of such
balance into C.nirt, and to an immediate decree fur an
• neeonair„ifthe gonrt shall think fit so to order.
132 l'hat.iceo executar.or administrator, after the
institution of any suit for the administration of assets,
omit to apply for the protection of the Court, afforded
by theipreee.dhipropersitin, and shall suffer a creditor
to proceed Co, Udgmerii and execution at law, such ex-
ecutor or administrator, on passing his account before
the Master, shall nut be allowed the costs of such pro-
ceediog,a( law, ;Pir the amount of such execution, so
far. as the iameexeceds the. proportion of debts which
other creditors of equal degree will.be entitled to under
the decree.
" • 'lna Trutt in in eases it shall bs in the discretion of the Court,
• 'ltirv'atreiertllletb? eittetnitattets of the assets, to allow or diaallow
interest from the ditCtif thereportyto•ekditors whose debts do not
in their hituretartrinterest. ... .-
, 1311.1 hit, for thcoorpose of enabling all persons to
obt4i4:piptsuo, ionittnet ion. from time to time, as to the
stAste of any cause or other water respecting which they
. use interested amen near •hoslosinous- of .betag informed,
.;.at 'in orderttp ive-then 'Opportunity to watch the
4 t '
e4we•pOpil Of o. tike the means of o 4
eventing impropor, laii-in :Oil-Fora* thereof, any
. • porton, aditahes a party AC isotis4he particular soil or
Matter iiitpdriallittetAball he entitled- ter apply to any.
• Tor, 13'4•••i riiy 5 ?MCI! eertitipe from; the-Six Clerks'.
~ cis ,spe 04,t;d0011:the.dfltr,aJr‘t deso6ption ,of
..the several pro e_edings
_sshich hate' been taken in seal'
suitor other Mtie }natter, inlSii Clerks' Office ; and it
.;.sbliiPbe the'dott Of the Clerk •iti, Cetuts.lolWhom such
•persok *MI to apply,;sillether he .bior not CoOtleree4
• tivcleit in"Cetritkiithistriese or-matter inquired after,-
forth with tti proettre • ditch certificate, and to deliver it
to the persod o).apillyissg,, upon receiving the •sum of
S,. 44. iiii the s irne;nriditso more.
. ~.n.5,..,T,,0_Whir4 a bill is filed for an account, mil
*.hi-Aefeiteht at bAs pot in his answer, submitting to'.
count there, if .dre.plaietiff afterwards desert bis.snit,'
,are as to -entitle the defendant to dismiss the bill for
VOL' of.proiecutioq, the defendant, if he think fit, in.
Avoid of dismissing tile bill, may apply to the Court,
.epowasotioo or petition. for a decretal order -for the
Aseentsot; and the defendant shall in all respects pro;
'tlted !soap such decretal order, if the Court thinks fit
.40-:lo4Atihis if his proceeding were under a decree ae,

Ahehearing. .. •
136. Diet where, upoa a bill filed for an account,
the t.inse is at down tot hearing, there, it .the plaintiff
i4O not weer stile hearing, the defendant, instead at
alismaiulagAse bill, may. %trio the Court fors decree
-de r an account, taskit e t.sball think fit to make
jc4iath decree, the defendfnt shall premed under the
.114nte,.in_ailrlrinectt.as if the decree 144 born obtained
by the plailatilLirtais depoiestedt),
OTIAU Nisvlo.l4lolll.e—tlte amid*" of deans vessels
.sehtkilk eaten(' the port of Leaden i1i,3111.1 was list statue=
tl te'ss3 tati and the masher awriialisivaiskummr,
ntide **VI USN The Junes Watt made Illiddipbrallsoravanditat
tits of NelibfargllS,lnd the Teurbt-td. apo
Itlargase Company nude, on an average, es tripe; the seisaajaaa
want packets ne and Hull stem packets the same. -

ONE O'CLOCK.

The Consul Market remains inactive, and there is little Bum*.
.tion. Consols are now at 71 to 781, sometimes buyers and some•
times sellers.

PI: (CR OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock Shut.
3 ler Cent. heti. Shut.
S per Cent. Cons. 78'/i
31, per Cent. Shut.
Si per Cent. lied. Shut.
4 per Cent. 95% 96. 95% Ys
Long Ann. Shut.
India Stock Shut.
India Bond.. 2 4 2 prem. •
1:1,000 Excheq. Bill+ 3 5 preen.
ClOO and £2OO ditto 3 5 prem.
£5OO ditto 9 5 prem.
Commercial 10 dis.
Bank for Acct. 205
India for Acct. 250%
Cons. for Acct. 78% 78
FRENCH FUNDS. Nue, bLineit 25. .
Five per Cram . 9M. iSc.
Three per Cents. .. . tiSf. 85c.
Beak Stuck . 2000 G

• FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK '
=Bonds ' n Ct. 50 Mexican Bonds, 1825, 5 p C. 871
lan lido, G p C. 871 881 1
ihkelkls 11184,501 11 501 11 2 Ditto Acct. 671 71 18 7} 81
EsAcc.sol 1/ 211 3 Peru.% MI .6p C. 201
k Ronda Potturtsese Hondo 5 p C. 72
Aect. 1825,18 I Run. ik15,1822, 5 p C. 781 1
.00. Acct. 171 18.17} Ditto for Ace. 781
IiEII'ISH AND FOREIGN SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK.
MA ILL TA 11%
MOO Mexican spm. 100 45
Alt% Lisillan 100 5
ICliiitan 100 5
' Colombian 100 7
Pasco Peruvian • 100 10
TWpuzabus 400 30
United Mexican 40 20
Ditto New 40 15
Welch Icon & Coal 25 '2O
General Small Navigation 100

50
1I
1}

11 14k

11 f 1

the French flag with increasing activity ; that the ope-
-1 ration of the existing laws only adds to its barl*trity, as
three or four hundred negro.: are now crammed into a
space sihich would formerly have been allotted to only
one-fourth of that number. 1-fence the deaths are
:frightfully numerous, and the petitioners calculate that
the slave ships throw annu illy overboard at least
3,000 of the unfortunate victims of this horrible traffic.
In the report of the Committee on this Petition, a hope
it expressed that the facts are exaggerated, and the
measures taken by the Government to repress the slave-
trac+e are enumerated. It is, however, acknowledged
that the existence of such a traffic is a disgrace to a
civil;ted nation, but it is alleged that making the slave-
trade piracy would not be an effectual prevention, be-
cause the rigour of penal laws often causes impunity.
This argument seems to imply that the moral guilt of
the slave-trade is not so strongly felt in France as in
other countries, where no difficulty has been found in
the application of the law of piracy. The Committee
proposed that the Petition should be referred to the

President of the Council of Ministers, *in order to pro-
cure more efficacious enactments, and to brand with the
reprobation of the Chamber that most barbarous traffic.'

This motion was opposed by the President of the
Council himself, who contended that the existing laws
were sufficieatly severe and effectual, and that every
exertion was made by the Ministers and the French
Marine to pnt an end to the, trade, and to bring the
offenders to trial. The Petitions wets ultimately rejected.

In the course of the discussion, General Sleasnart declared that
the French Miuitters were 1, guilty at least of connivance towards
the homicidal kidhappers of the coasts of Guinea," and that they
supported slavery everywhere ; this occasioned: sense murmurs, but
it did not make the General relinquish the charge, fur he said
0' Yes, I repeat it,everywhere, where slavery exists, it is sure of
the support of this Ministry—of this Ministry, I tray, which, to the
crime of the black slave trade, adds that which has beep so justly
entitled the white slave trade. It is this Ministry which has supplied
Ugeers to Ibrahim Pacha—lt is under its eyes that the vessels have
been built at Marseilles ilar the Satrap of Egypt—under its eyes
latit bees founded the cannon which thundered against Misso-
longlal! Posterity will demand from It an account of so many actions
which the nation disapprove., against which the House of Peers
ail the other day so nobly protested. Though it does net regard
the counsels of humanity, it should listen to those of politics—but
its politks are as fait* as Its feelings:ire unnatural."

M. de VALLZLI4 in answer to this charge, read extracts from a
' despatch of Rear Admiral' DX ftfaitt, kiammanding the French
squadron In the Lerint, 4hit-adang the iranspurte Which
accompanied the Turkish fleet *hived on the 31 of Novem
her off Cape klatipan, there Were three Tuscan, right Austrian,.
seven English, three Sardinian, two Spanish, on Anrititio, !moot,
one French. The Admit%) further Stall, that he had reward seve-
ral females from slavery, taken by Imams= Pacua--4hat fit had
proved,the charge of a French ship firing on a boat of CAnatus
was untrue; and that since the beginning of the troubles,eite
French ships had served as an asylum for more than 7,000 Greeks,
men, women, and children ; that the King's ships never carry, nor
have carried, troops nor money to the Turks in the Noma, and that
in the expeditions of the latter all flags have been floating, except
the French.

M. BENJAMIN CONiTANT said, M. Leeson wall recruiting in France
for the PACHA of Egypt, and that Ministers kept their rank for the
(Akers he enlisted. In ansiier to a charge by Genera! Simonton,
that of the treasure of the Egyptian fleet having been conveyed on
board of a French ship of war, M. de Vei.e.ses said that the Olkers
who lent themselves to that transaction, had been dismissed, and
that for permitting it, the Commander of the station had been
recalled, and Admiral de RICINT appointed in his stead. With
regard to certain vessels building in ports of the Mediterra-
nesn, the Minister observed, that the Government could not
refuse an accommodation of that kind to Pinter, with whom the
country was at peace. A few years ago, the Dar of Ataneas
built two frigates in French porta. The PACHA of F.tarrr had also
been allowed to build a frigate and a corvette, hut he bad not been
permitted to arm them. It was admitted to be possible that there
might be agents in Fraoce, who recruited for the PACMA of Rorer;
but the Minister maintained that there was no violation of heu-
trality on the part of the Government. Respect for the maintenance
of Reiterant y,he said, was carried so far as almost to endanger French
cattanserce, on which the Greeks commit piratical depredations.
In the courie of the debate, a Mr. Dnoott had the hardihood to
*sun that England carries on the slave trade; atd even this
assertion, though destitute of the slightest truth, received no con-
tradiction in the Chamber of Deputies, who thus proved themselves
very Ignorant of the conduct of this country, or very willing to con.
nive at a calumny upon it. Whicheier may be the ease, the in.
jostled is equally manifest..

• s. l'.*Sll9l).
• ....\
..1 N; • .
.... ' .'s
• .., • . • .
- .•,\" •% -‘ vf . .
• . • , t-
.:tel. ty,
.-• ' , .. .
1.14 ii . „ ...
'!..•.-1 --=
. t•---.—.....:L.--.." ...___.......,,,,....____,,,‘... - ' ' - „o„ ~..,,C,, ''. ---- --- - ---7 - - baiiiitta-wihr grant consider ' I'Yolliii: &MI, ath
add did La statement of the circoms • -, iffr --,,- ' yr: , 34...,
..,,li_ics‘° 41. ‘,4I,ICARN ....
.;s .r - -, , • Itcirirers, tcsesfr f.. Still itrt rip: plinilXse The
bor. so 't itiWltrif is prevented from making- ell . • Sago.,
------ • -
atfithl
illottoe
inbetore'required, in- order that it may apt ..
4 ti" •--' - • • '••• ..' • .I.iir Me son matilactilkitest . d bilrolleMe by nisi. dinner
,LO e --. • - ' ,r , ..,fr • ' ' iiir I
distress and ekerticia the aransaattuliblif districts, at cum
pear that the same was unavoidable. 1- - 4.1` • .-460 t, '-', k ' t.i. ' . - -•• . '
147.- That, where an executor or Administrator is The
plaii.tiff in a visit for the administration of the Assets of WRDNRSDAY, MARCH t'S.-111V6: ..... ; -..• Althouth the French Chansbers have nowaeslibout aaa fo
STOCK EXCHANGR, TWELVE. O'CLOCK. .. Owe us,suths•, yet there has scarcely been a single 'err
his testator or intestate, there he shall annex to the Bill •
The Stock Exchange is open this morning, as writ as the Rank.
a schedule, containing a statement of hie receipts and proceeding that would excite the slightest interest on this arrived
The Market opened at VII bUyen, but atteiwards breante sellers The
pa) merits as such executor or adarioistrator, and of the
at the above prices With little business doing. Exchequer Bilis 5 side the water, until the discussion whi.h took place on
March
balance then in his hand% on that account, and also a Saturday I. on the subject of the Save Trade. The The
statement of all !he outstanding property of the said to i Premium'
testator or int. state, and of the debts due to him, as far The only business doing is the Foreign Market Is in C,oloaaaan debate arose on petitions from the. merchants (If Havre the h°l
.The
ps the same have tome to his knowledge; and shall
and Mexican Securities, which are improving. and Paris, praying that more severe and more efficacious wimp.,
verity the same by an affi,layit, tote annexed to his bill. Current Prices: Old Spanish 10e. Mexican 67i, Colombian laws might be adopted against this odious traffic. The Mr.
new stra Si,Russian 7ii, Austrian 88 90, Brazilian Bonds SO • • Grow'
'And that, wh,re the. Executor or Administrator shall petitioners assert that the slave traJe is carried on under J„ t„
he defendant in a snit for the administration of the as- mi. break Bonds 171 18. --k •
