REFORM ♦ND PETITION !ROY SCOTLAND.

kir. KENNEDY said he had to present petitions from various parts
of Scotland in favour of that great measure Parliamentary Reform.—
((lheers.) He had last Session declared that it would not be long be-
fore Scotland petitioned for Reform. The first was from the Council
of Ayr, the Council considering they held their privileges for the people.
the second was from the town of Banff ; the third was from tbe incor-
porated trades of Kirkcudbright; the next was from the incorporated
merchants of Edinburgh. (Cheers.) He had no other connection with
Edinburgh, than as a friend to Reform. He had ventured to tell the
honourable member for Edinburgh, that he had not correctly
represented the sentiments of Edinburgh on the subject of reform. This
petition tended to prove how much reform was desired in. Edinburgh.
He then presented a similar petition from Perth.—They were severally
ordered to be printed.

LIVERPOOL ELECTION.

Mr. ROBINSON (we think) presented a petition from John Rogers
and others of Liverpool complaining of an undue return for that place,
and to be considered Jan. 6.
Sir R. FERGUSON presented a petition from Craig, for parliamen-
tary reform. Also from Kingborn, and from a place in Forfarshire, ac-
companied with the ballot.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNCOMBE presented petitions from Whitby and Hull, for
the repeal of the duty on sea-borne coals. Also a petition from Skeel,
Yorkshire, for the repeal of the duty on sea-borne coals.
Sir T. ACLA ND presented petitions from Plymouth and Teign.
mouth, for the abolition of negro slavery.
Several similar petitions were presented from places in Westmore-
land, by Lord Lowther; from a village in Bedfordshire, by Sir R.
Inglis &c. &.c.1 1

COAL DUTY.

Sir T. ACLAND presented petitions from Torkey, Ringsbridge, and
Holdsworth, Devonshire, for the repeal of the duty on sea-borne coals.
He gave notice that, in the event of the Government not moving the
repeal, he should, on March 8, move for theszepeal of the duty on sea-
borne coals.
Mr. FRENCH presented petitions from Ballinaaloe. Ross, and ten
other places, against further grants to the Kildare-street Society. Also a
petition from Ballyclare, for the repeal of the Union.
TRUCK ST/TEM.
Sir R. PEEL presented Petitions from Walsall, the manufacturing
districts, and Bolton, signed by 14,900 persons, against the Truck Sys-
tem. He should support the prayer of the Petitioners, and also the
Bill that was about to be brought in to increase the penalties for paying
wages otherwise than by money. He should do all in his power to
put down so pernicious a system, because it so materially degraded the
lower classes.
Sir H. ST. PAUL supported the petitions, and said that something
must be done to relieve the working classes.
Mr. HUME said wonderful changes were indeed taking place, when
a member who had supported every expense said, be called for relief to
the working classes. (Hear, hear.) But the cause was not in
the truck system. In Kent, Sussex, Norfolk. Hampshire—the
truck system had never been heard of; yet in these counties how great
had been the distress. (Hear, hear.) The right honourable gen-
tleman who presented the petition had allowed his feelings to
carry away his judgment, and to prejudge the question to be brought
forward to-morrow. If that question was carried, there would be an
end to the freedom of trade. The complaint was not new; it was 300
years old, and had already been the subject of numerous Acts. The
distresses of the people ought to be inquired into.
Sir H. ST. PAUL said all his votes had been conscientiously given.
Lord BELGRAVE objected to the truck system.
Mr. Alderman WAITH MAN observed, that the truck system was
certainly one cause of the distress. If it were part of the free trade
system, he hoped never to bear free trade mentioned again.
Mr, LITTLETON said his bill would differ in many essential
points from that moved lam year.

Mr. TENNANT trusted that a remedy might be found for the evil
of the system—Ordered to be printed.

TER WEW POLICE.
Sir R. PEEL presented a petition from St. John, Hampstead, on the
subject of the new police. He also presented one from Deptford, in fa-
vour of the new police. In that place they had now a regular police, and
only two burglaries had been committed since its establishment. As in.
quirt' was to take place, he trusted that judgment would be suspended
1.8 to the expense till that inquiry had taken place. As to the increase
in Poplar front 1,4501. to 6,0001. that occurred from levying the rates
on the West India Docks, Ac. parties who had before paid nothing for
the watch.

Mr. HUME said, he was not against the police--quite the contrary :
hut, as he had repeatedly declared, inquiry only could remedy defects,
and remove misconceptions.
Mr. WILES said, in consequence of the Act, one parish had its poor
rate increased eight-pence in the pound.
Sir R. PEEL replied, that there could no increase—the new rate
must be instead of the former watch-rate. But this statement again
showed the necessity of waiting for the inquiry, and suspending the
judgment thereon.
Petition ordered to lie on the table.
