^*•~ - r

•

grpormimpm
GRAND DINNER IN HONOUR OF HIS NA.
JEOTY THE KING OF HAYTI.

On Thursday, Major Raiment) gave t splendid
entertainment at the Londin Coffee-house, to a nu-
merous and elegant assemblage of Gentlemen, intr.
rested in the prosperity and happiness °Ethel kingdom
of Hayti. •
After, the usual loyal and constitutional Britisk
tua'sts, the gallant Major, who presided, proposed.'
44 The health of his MajestyHENlU I. King of Hayti."
which was drank with 'the most enthusiastic applause.
In proposing this toast, 'the Major pronounced a most
eloquent and nervous etilogiuns on the -princely and
r ol,le qualities by which the illustrious Sovereign of
li.tyti is distinguished. -
"• Gentlemen," laid the Major afterwards, " I love
Ve Haytians ; I have weed with them duds; their
glorious struggle for liberty and independence, ad.
u hen they want my services I shall serve them again,
and dn my duty as a soldier ought to do....(Grast ap-
Pketre).—ln the early part of my life, Gentlemen. I'
' entered into the Haytian service, and my humble
efforts in their cause have been acknowledged in the'
/
handsomest and most gratifying manner.— Here the
Major read several letters from the Count a Limo.
sada, the Hayden Minister, and Count St. Louie.
ia which his name was mentioned.in the highest terms
of approbation and gratitude).—Gentlemen. in the
cause of my beloved Hayti I have fought. and, will
MOGI willingly fight again. The cause of the Hay.
thins is the cause of truth and freedom, and it must
therefore he dear to every Briton--(Lsed amtene).
They were emancipated by the vile republicans of
Frailty—Bonaparte wished again le enslave them,
but Austrnarr Nommen saved them by his thun-
derlsoks from ibis calamity I I had the honour to
lead them to battle; and out of 70,00 u men .bhp,
were Isought into the field against them by their
oppressors, very few were left to tell their story at
home. The Haytiaas form a nation, Gentlemen,
which has always been &sirens to live in the strictest
unison and harmer with this country, the Govern.'
(pent of which, I trust, will speedily recognize the,
Haytians as a brave and independent nation.
" Gentlemen—The wish nearest my heart this
day is, that my beloved Haytians may long prosper,
in spite of all their enemies. They possess an army
of 400,000 well disciplined and well armed men ;
their internal defences sender their country perfectly
unconquerable, for no army can act against them;
and if any enemies shall attempt to invade them,
none of them will ever return-to give an account of
their failure.
44 Gentlemen--I take this public opportunity or
expressing my deep and heartfelt gratitude to the
glorloos and illustrious Henri I. This magnanimous
King has sent me 40,000 pounds weight of colonial
produce. free of all expenses, by the ship Brilliant,
sa testimony of my poor professional services ; aad
these services shall always be devotixl to the utmost
in behalf of my beloved Hayti.
" Gentlemen— I have to express the thanks of the
Haytians, in a particular manner, to the most esti.
suable and dearest friend of my bosom, Sir Watkin
Lewi), the father of the City of London, whose
friendship has been the pride of my life, and who has
crowned that friendship by the pleasure be has done
ink in maim here. I have also to add, that the ex.
ptessiouid
.his generous sentiments it behalf my
beloved country of Hayti, has conveyed tdditional
pleasure to my bosom.
a Gentlesnen—l am commanded by the Sovereign
of Ileiti to express his highest satitfaction! with the
.manner in which the respectable tradesmen of Lon.
den have executed his Majesty's orders. These trades-
MSS% names are, Messrs. Modell and Bridge, jewel.
tent Kisses. Crowther and Tapps, coach-ova kers ;
'aid Messrs. Hodson and C,onspiny, milliners. Upoa
each of these Gentlemen I have called, and, I baste
been informed that they have been nobly and ho-
nourably remunerated by the Hayden Governenent.
" Gentlemen—lt is the determination of all those
connected with Hayti, to keep up a proper under.
standing with Great Britain, because with her we
wish an alliance; and because with her on our side,
we shall soot% be declared independent by the world
at large. I conclude by giving as a toast, 44 The
speedy acknowle.lament of the independence of
_
Hayti by all the Powers of the world."
This enlightened toast was drank with the mo;t
rapturous applause.
M. PeurrEn, the resident Minister in this country
from the It ing of Hayti, then addressed the company
as follows :
66 Mr. CHAIRMAN AND GENTLEMENT feel it to
be the duty rf my situation, as Ch.rg4 d'Affaires
from his Majesty Henry I. King of Hayti, tc return
my best acknowledgments, and to express to you my
melt cordial thanks for the toast which has pat now
been drank with such applause and marks of distinc.
tit-ft.—Gentlemen, I cannot select a better instance
of the great and good qualities of the heart, end of the
sound discrimination of his Majesty the King et
Hayti, than by calling your attention to my most
excellent and • worthy friend to whom we are in-
debted for the splendid entertainment of which we
have just now partaken. Major Rainsford. who has
been raised to the rank of Lieuteniot-General in the
Haytian Armies, is himself a living proof of the great
qualities of the heart, end of the sound discrimination
6f his Hayden Majesty, and will Thew the regardend
return which his Majesty pays to those whO are truly
attached to his cause. Lieutenant General Rainsford
bad been cast on the shores of Hayti at a time when
the revolutionary storm was
blood there in all its
'violence, and when deluges ofwere flowing' is
' .iiip:trts of that beautilal island; on Obit aide, to n-
vite. liberty, and on the ether; to ptrpetstre slavery,i
tytanny, and misery. lie perceived, in the middle
of the dangers which he had to encountee, the noble
- disposition of the greatest -part of those good people,
scarcely emerged from bondage, a dispositioe of
which they me, at a time of greater tranquillity, are
eri:f. daily proofs. He saw them, after having been
as ail directions, by a number of contradictory
'decrees Wised, day after day, by the French As.
aemblies, at one tome -calliag them to liberty, than
calling them to ems to fight along with Franco ;
anti, at other times, ordering submission :—he saw
;bee, Felast, taking the detanzination of resorting to
.mss Id order tart an end to that awful suspense,
end to free theildeilret once for em of any ruling
(+Woo in Prance. General Rein:ford was an eye.
Ilitgali to the *Reggie. He me. 4e Haytians deli.
veced to blood-kellstdes and perishing by thousands

•
irk The slat exceuciiting knit% wh;fil their ben'
with.lindannted fortitude. It is known to every body
bow they dad get rid of their enemies, and how -these
powerful and ter goat invincible armies (which, by
the bye, had seen actually conquered in Asia by
Djezear Pacha, assisted by 6ir Sidney Smith and a
handful of British 'warriors,.before they received the
final blow by the British Hese) were defeated at
Hayti, by Generals Deeselines and Christophe, assis-
ted by British land and sea forces. But what is not
generally known is, that the subject of this toast, my
worth yfriend, was the first person in Europe who did
write and publish a work in Which he foretold that
' these men, exasperated by the remembrance of past and
late grievances, would never be conquered by any,
force whatsover, and were to a man res3lved on the 'I
sacrifice of theit lives, rather than return to their for-
, boot simation. He had seen their patience, fortitua&
resignation, contempt of life, and contemplated the
talents, courage, energy, polished manners, and piety
of their present eacellent Chief, who would, in any
country, be an ornament to the most exalted society.
And when the question of the Abolition of the Slave
Trade was 'lately, brbaght forward a-new, and pe-
titions moved to his Majesty's Government to inter-
fere with the Freitch Government, in order to put an
end to that shameful trade, General Rainsford ap-
peared in 1814, at the Horns Tavern Meeting, and
again declared publicly, that bold trsttlb—the uncon-
querable spirit of the noble Hay tians. The revival
of the Slave Trade was, at that time, cheerily hope of
the majority of the French planters, .that they might
re-people the Wand with slates, they being rather tn•
tent on the total euerminatinn of the present race of
Haytian freemen, as it n officially worded : and as
the voice of General Rainsford has not. a little contra.
huted-to that abolition having finally been accepted
by France, he one day may justly boast of having
had an ample share in the Independence of Hayti;
which, though
.11,t yet publicly declared, is, bowever,
virtually acknowledged by the general trade which
is now carrying on with that beautiful island, the ra-
radise of the world ; a trade in which. as usual, the
British merchants take, the lead. And here, I beg to
add with pride, that my lot, according to my instruc-
tions, as Chargé d'Affaires of his., Majesty here, have
had for their LGject constantly to impress the British
G. orernment and the Bilzish subjects with the wish of
his • Majesty Henry I. to_ cultivate the good intelli-
gence and amity with all his neighbours ; but, above
all, with the British Colonies; to encourage and pro-
mote a general commerce, even with France her-
self, and to disclaim any interference in the concerns
of other nations. And I leek it the more my duty to
express, in this manner, the feelings and intentions of
Isis Majesty Henry I. as a strange report gains duly
ground, that some individuals here, in their internee
rate zeal, or to serve private purposes, wish to involve,
this Government in a state of suspicion, jealousy,
and ill will against the King and subjects of Hayti,
by endeavouring to frighten the planters of the British
Colonies into an acquiescence to some of their
schemes, by the threats of a visitation of the King and
of the other Chiefs of Hayti, a combination utterly
impossible, and which I ought solemnly to disclaim,
in the name of King Henry, who would not, at any
rate, lend himself to disturb the tranquillity and well-
being of any of the dominions and subjects of his
Majesty the King of the United Kingdom, whom,
on the contrary. he considers as a natural ally.
" Gentlemen—lt is the well known affection and
devotion of General Rainsford to the cause of the
Haytiaus, which has drawn open him esignal mark
lof the munificence of King. Henry I. the first Chief
of a State ever. proclaimed in the New World, under
the title of a Kiln. This reward has been bestowed on
him, with an unparalleled grace. as a token of Royal
gratitude, which does great honour to the august
giver, and the brave receiver. And I conclude by
proposing to drink the health of General Rainsford,
and wishing that he may long enjoy, in good spirits,
the pleasure of the amity and the advantages of the
beneialence of a gracious, liberal, and powerful So-
vereign, who only wants to be more known, to be
universally beloved."
The venerable Sir WATKIN LLWIII, on " The
Lord Mayor and Corporation of London" being
given as a toast, regretted the absence of the Chief
Magistrate (in consequence of a previous engage-
ment) from an entertainment which would have been
so gratifying to his Lordship's feelings. Sir Watkin
then took occasion to express his own individual de-
light and satisfaction at the opening of a commercial
and friendly intercourse with the noble Haytian na-
tion, the interests of which ought to be justly dear to
every British hurt. He congratulated Major Rains-
ford on the happiness of having been distinguished
by such flattering marks of approbation by the Hay-
tian Government. In returning thanks, on behalf*
of the City and Corporation of London, Sir Watkin
expressed a hope that the commercial intercourse be-
tween the two countries would tend to the mutual
benefit and prosperity of both.
Several Gentlemen afterwards delivered their sen-
timents successively, in a most eloquent and impres-
sive manner, in favour of the Haytian cause and'
nation.
• An excellent military band attended, and by play-
ing several martial and appropriate airs, contributed
greatly to the satisfaction or the numerous and brit.,
Lent company assembled.
The dinner consisted of 100 Myers, and displayed
evesy delicacy of the season.
The utmost conviviality prevailed to a late hour,
and. the guests separated, highly delighted with the
tunnifiespee displayed by their gallant host.
Tile. following toasts were given from the Chair,
sad drank in the following order :
Hie Majesty King George the Third, and Goss bless bins,"
with three bribes Ws*
" The ninuaninsoes Prince Regent of Crest Britain, the
Pa-
eibtater of tbeWerld" with three times three.
" The Queen and anal randiyr "Ssith three times three.
" His ,loyal*sheen the Duke et Clarence and tbs /Loyal
BMA Navy, with three dose three.
"-His Royal Highness the Duke of York and the British
Army," with three dines three.
4. Hie Royal Higbee. the Diked Seem and the Crdt,"
with thew times three.
.1 Ilbslilestriesa Majesty Henri 1. big et MOS lety gra*.
Indrand services to lib Majesty" with three thus throe.
" The Queen and Royal Family at Hari," with a times three.
His Iseelleney the Count de Limns&
The Most Noble Lord the Cones de . 1

• Ihi .ligibility of the Hayslett Magda& . • .
A union of Eolith:al and Comiatettiet an
beeves& the
Kingdom of Grew litigate aid the ineettle a Hari.
My couetrmon, tbe braseDske el Weetioseen, who sow
.bad Ids superior or @qua •
1M Lord Mayor and Cosperediet et the City- el Lea4sta
i

, I

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
