PUBLIC /ALARM&

Mr. KENNEDY moved fora returnWille salaries, fees, and emo-
laments of the Keeper of the Signet. of the Aces connected silt the
Signet in Scotland, and the several payments therefrom for the last ten
years.
Lord LOWTHER suggested that the returns respecting the salaries
and emoluments of those holding situations and seats in Parliament
should be amended, as the previous accounts were ►ery deficient in many
particuLie.
Lord PALMERSTON remarked, that the previous accounts wee
pursuant to an order of the House, and by the order of the House only
could they be amended.
Modals agreed to.
Mr. HUME moved for various accounts respecting the duties on
customs and excise levied in the Isle of Man. &c.—Ordered.
The Judgment and Execution Bill was read a third time and pass e.
Lord PALMERSTON moved, that the House, at its rising, do ad-
journ to Thursday next.—Agreed to.

TRZ iZTRZOZWTOTIOR.
Mr. WILES moved for returns respecting the number of houses in
each city, borough, and town, in England and Wales, that returned
Members to Parliament; and a similar return regarding the cities, bo•
roughs, and towns, having a population of above 10,000 persons, that
did not return Members. He moved these returns for the purpose of
antipleting Information respecting the state of the representation called
for by a noble Lord (Althorp).—Ordered.
Mr. WILKE, presented a petition from 400 females of Christchurch
for the extinction of negro slavery.—Ordered to be printed, after some
opposition from Sir R. bums.
Mr. 8. LUM LEY presented a petition from Mansfield, against the,
House and Window Tax.

• CATHOLIC CHAPELS AND CHARITIES.
Mr. D. BROW N gave notice that on the 17th of February he should
move foe leave to bring in a bill to empower Roman Catholic
to accept the conveyances in fee of lands on which to build Catholic
Chapels, or for purposes merely charitable.
COVETS OT REQUESTS. - _

Lord CL;BENTINCIE (we understood) moved for returns tbr the
years 1828 and 1829 of the suits instituted in the Courts of Requests
ie London and Westminster. distinguishing those foe sums under IL
and'those for sums above IL—Ordered.

ME raorourax POLICE.
Mr BRISCOE presented a petition front inhabitant householders of
bonbeth, on the subject of the new metropolitan police. They coin.
*pied that they had been deprived of a power which had been exer-
cised by them from time immemorial, namely„ the privilege of sp..
panting, amtrouling, and superintendhig their parochial night watch,
The change not only deprived them of all controul, but subjected
the parish to a charge of 12,0001. ..year. . Surely, such
chan
relied 'for the examination of the house. (Hear, hear. hear.) die
truiaid if* the expenses, in particular, attendant upon the new
pollee would undergo the severest examination of the Committee
which, visa to be appointed after the Christmas recess. He
aertalitly 'adniitted the tM.e. ought to be a strong, well.mulated, and
eificient_polloe for the protection of property In the metropolis ; but as
to the nightly watch, he thought the parishes ought not to be wholly
deprived" of all mama over it. The new mum was most expensive,
and the parishes who paid for the force weredeprived of all controul
vier it ; and yet that Pose* which Was oemiida to be local, was, be
notientood, espied In the protection et property as far au Dover,
yimapi
_that contributed no are mirage the atilataaaaca of thin
/wee. The • did not think that this was Tay equitable on.
It 11.7.8 Awned, that daily apirlities paved to Ida Ilse
ta'aisoisft azirolootisa Into the *a__
_Ol the Now Po-
llee, sad 41sa on whisk they true lopeasd.

Only on Saturday last, he had heard of one district that was rated
to the amount of 1,0001. for the New Police, instead of its previous
cost of bOOL which cost gave the liberty thirteen watchmen, &e. and
for the 1,0001. they had now four policemen.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DICK presented a petition from Sir H. Lees, praying that the
oath of abjuration might not be repealed. He moved that it be
printed.
Sir R. INGLIS opposed the motion.
The House were about to divide on the motion, when
Sit J. GRAHAM expressed the hope that the motion would not be
pressed, as it would, doubtless, occasion the adjournment of the house.
(There was not half a house present.) and as the house had met to-day
solely for the purpose of allowing the opportunity of presenting peeltions, pressing this motion would defeat that object.
Mr. DICK said the petitioner particularly desired that his petition
should be printed; and as it might be inconvenient to press the motion
now he should withdraw it, and renew it on a future day.
Motion withdrawn accordingly.
Mr. ATTWOOD moved for an account of persons committed un-
der summary process to the different Bridewells and Houses of Correc-
tion in England and Wales from 1814 to 1819. He also moved for
accounts of Bank Note and Bank Post Bill issues ; for the quantity of
void sent to and coined at the mint in 1828 and 1829, &c. Severally
ordered.

Mr. PUSEY moved for a long series of accounts, to show the results
of various costa, charges, and receipts, in brief, distinct, and tangible
form, namely, the cost and rate of the charge of collecting the revenue,
charge of the Prince Leopold—of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland—of
the two Houses of Parliament —of the Courts of Justice—of the Po-
lice and Houses of Correction—of the Convicts—for Salaries and Re-
tired Allowances of Foreign Ministers—of the produce of the Duty on
Fire and Marine Insurances--on Newspapers—on Advertisements.-on
Carriages, /ie.—of the Post-office and Crown Lands, &c. &c.—
Ordered.
