LIBnitIA.

Slavery, and its inconsistency with the dictates
of Christianity, have long been freely acknow-.
ledged and deeply lamented by the people of the
United States,—and its removal, the great problem
which has occupied the attention of her best and
isest men.

So far back a 51698, the assembly of Pennsylvania,
to reit an end to the introduction of slaves, laid a
duty of 101. per head upon their importation; but
this benevolent lam, together with about fifty of
similar tenor, which were passed by the neighbour-
ing colonies up to the period of their revolution,
wc.re all refused the sanction of the mother country.
In their declaration of independence, dated July
4th, 1776, the introduction of slaves was one of the
great causes of complaint.
Scarcely had that struggle ceased, when a co-
lony on the coast of Africa, similar to that of
Liberia, was proposed, but the prosecution of the
slave trade, by every civilized power, defeated these
benevolent views. In 1796, the plan was again
revived in a series of luminous Essays by Gerard
T. Hopkins, a distinguished friend in Baltimore;
and shortly afterwards the legislature of Virginia,
a state containing nearly one-third of the black po-
pulation of the union, pledged its faith to give up
all their slaves, provided the United States could
obtain a proper asylum for them. President Jef-
ferson negotiated in vain for a territory either in
Africa or Brazil ; but that great state again renewed
its pledge in 1816, by a vote of 190 to 9, (most of
the members being slave-holders,) upon which,
Gen. C. F. Mercer, the Wilberforce of the Ame-
rican Congress, opened a correspondence with the
philanthropists of the different states, which led to
the formation of the American Colonization So-
ciety, on the Ist of January, 1817.
The great objects of that Society, were—the
final and entire abolition of slavery, providing for
the best interests of the blacks, by establishing
them in independence upon the coast of Africa ;
thus constituting them the protectors of the unfor-
tunate natives against the inhuman ravages of the
slaver, and seeking, through them, to spread the
lights of civilization and Christianity among the
fifty millions who inhabit those dark regions.
Their theory is justified by experience; for while
the little colony has grown quite as fast as could
be wished for by its most judicious friends, these
principles have been silently gaining ground in
the slave States, yet so rapidly, that the number
of slaves offered gratuitously by benevolent owners,
exceed ten-fold the present means of the Society
to receive and convey them to Africa. The dispo-
sition of Virginia bas been already shown. Dela-
e are and Kentucky have also proved their anxiety
to concur in so noble a cause ; and Dr. Ayres,
the earliest Governor of Liberia, now a resident of
Maryland, asserts " that owing to the plans and
principles of colonization being better understood,
in less than twenty years there will be no more
slaves born in that State."
A party in South Carolina is now almost the
only opponent the Society has at home.
But if the present means of the Society are
inadequate to effect its purposes, it will be recol-
lected that only eight years have elapsed since
Cape Messurado, then a mart for tho sale of
10,000 fellow-creatures annually, was purchased
from the natives; that unhallowed traffic has been
entirely destroyed ; a flourishing colony of 2,000
emancipated slaves has been founded; churches,
schools, commerce, and even a newspaper esta-
blished, and the confidence of the Aborigines so
completely won, that 10,000 of them are, as allies
of tl.is new republic, participating in the blessings
of civilization and religion. As the British nation
is so alive to every measure connected with the
abolition of slavery, we should thiuk the efforts of
this Society well merits the notice of the philan-
thropists of this country.

Marshal Gerard was born a: Dumvilliers, on
the 4th April, 1773, and is, therefore, now in his
59th year. He commenced his military career as
volunteer in the 2d Battalion of the Meuse, in
1791 ; was afterwaida C.iptain iu the army of Du-
inomiez ; thou Aide-de-Camp of Bernadotte ;
Colonel and Commander of the Legion of Honour
at Austerlitz; • General of Brigade during 'the
Prussian war; General of Division in the campaign
against Russia; Commandant of the 11th corps
of the Great Army at the battle of Leipsic ; Com-
mandant-in Chief of the reserved army in 1813 ;
and Peer of France and Commander of the Army
of the 3loselle during the hundred days. Ile
made the campaigns of the Rhine, Italy, Germany,
Prussia, Spain, and Russia, and ever distinguished
himself by his co:,1 and valiant conduct. During
' the 100 days Marshal Gerard solicited from Napo-
leon an employment for Gen. Bourmount, when the
Emperor replied, I•2krun cher Gerard ,quia ete blanc,
restera blanc--qui a eta bleu,restera bleu." In 1821
Gerard was elected Member of the Chamber of
Deputies, for the department of the Seine ; and
from that period, with the exception of three years,
he has ever been a Member of the Chamber. In
the July Revolution, he joined the people, headed
the citizens, mid contributed essentially in driving
from the capital the soldiers of Charles the Tenth.
Since that period he has attached himself zealously
to the party of Louis Philippe—and belongs not
to the Casimir l'erier party, nor yet to the Odillon
Barrot party, but to a third and large party in this
country, which Las immense power, and which is
resolved on nut submitting to the ‘• humiliation of
France ! " To no one could the command of this
army be entrusted with more propriety, and the
soldiers will follow him with enthusiasm, even
though, before he shall return to Paris, it be ne-
cessary to march to Berlin, Vienna, and Warsaw.
v oo rit Cour. to r..—The paltry grant of
something less than 9,0001. a vear to this most va-
luable institutiou, was properly put before Parlia-
ment and the country iu Mr. Wyse's speech on
Friday night. The Catholic clergy and people of
frelan.d, we shall not mince the matter, do not look
upon it as a favour. It is amazing the blundering
bigots who are raising such a stupid cry against it
cannot be taught to understand the matter iu its
true light. The charge preferred by Sir R. Bate-
son against the enlightened professors and supe-
riors of Maynooth of being Jesuits, although in
itself containing no offence, yet being totally untrue,
deserves to be contradicted.—freeman's Journal.

PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH

EMPIRE.

HERTS couNrr PRESS, 4w. 9.

Iscunumanue.—On Saturday se'nnight, about 5 o'clock
is the morning, a fire broke out on the premises of Mr.
Rdward Skrimshire, at Wisbech. St. Mary's, at one time
threatening their total destructien ; which. however, was
happily prevented by the prompt arrival and assistance of
the neighbours. It appears that there were some Irish en
Mr. Skritnabire's premises, one of whom was in the barn,
and the others in lied. The property mounted midst"
of two waggon and bullock hovels, a waggon, can, and
other husbandry utensils, as well as a large stack of excel-
lent hay, the produce of twenty-five wee of land. A reward
of 1501. has been offered by the principal parishioners for
the apprehension of the miscreant who perpetrated the
deed.

lireassuanat.—A fire broke out on the night of Satur.
day last, the 23d instant, on a firm in the immediate occu-
pation of Henry Hugh Hoare, Esq. of Wavendon, Backs,
which there is no reason to doubt was the work of a ma-
licious incendiary, and which consumed some pan of the
farming buildings and stock, as well as endangering the
lives of the family, who had the charge of the same.
Tam past Nal Errave.—.l his beautiful estate was
put up in !au by Mr flown, on Friday sAnight, and
sold as follows 11—
se. a. d.
.. 14,000 0 0
8,450 0 0

Lot I. W. Wigan', Esq.
-- 2. Ditto ... ...

5. Ditto .. ...
.. 4. Cutts, Esq.
5. A. C. Hood, El.
I. Ditto ... ...

7. W. Wigram, ErAq.
s. Ditto ...

IL IXtto ". ...
10. Ditto .. ...

... 6,160 0 0
.. 910 0 0
... 1,100 0 0
.. 410 0 0

.. 650 0 0
.. 750 0 0
.. 500 0 0
... 400 0 0

11. : Cutts, in. (tae Manor) 4,917 10 0
12. General Hoelawn .. 2,600 0 0

X 41,197 10 0
A determined opposition was kept up for Lot 11, by Mr.
Cutts and Mr. Bond. The latter hid 3,0001. and the two
kept advancing NI. at a bidding, till it reac:ied 4,11071. 10s.
when Mr. Bond declined.—The timber is to be paid for
extra.

COTTAGER'! GA tun Ns.--The plan set on foot at the
beginning of the present year, by the inhabitants of Ches.
hunt, for providing small allotments of ground for the poor
men of that parish. has succeeded beyond the most san-
guine expectation of the promoters, and has produced the
desired effect,—that of reducing the parish burthen, and
displaying to the labourer, in glowing colours, what may be
done by industry. The pntatoe crop is now in progress of
removal, and will soon be replaced by cabbage and other
vegetables for winter use.
Twig HARVEST.—During the past week the operation of
the sickle has been partially interrupted by frequent heal,
showers; but with a few exceptions, in which the wheat-
' ears have become mildewed, the crops are benefitted rather
than damaged by the wet. In Wattord market, on Tues-
day, new wheat was pitched ; on Thursday, samples were
sbewn at Bishop's. Stortford, and at Royston ; and on the
same day both new wheat and oats were offered for sale at
Hemel Hempsted. There were several samples of fine new
wheat in Hertford market on Saturday.
BEDFORD CHARITY.—The trustees have commenced
carrying into effect their intention of baying their business
performed by contract. As there is now a vacancy in the
trust of this charity, it is to be hoped that some respectable
inhabitant will be elected without the interference of corpo-
rative trustees, who will do his duty independently under
the new system.
A petition is now receiving signatures at Hitchin from the
owners and occupiers of land, against that clause in the Re.
form Bill which goes to enact the necessity of • fourteen
years' lease of a farm to entitle the tenant to a vote. It is
to be presented by the Marquis of Salisbury. The sipa-
tures already affixed amount to 106 ; amongst them will be
found sonic of the most respectable persons in the neighbour.
hood ; many are farmers moody of the first class, occu-
pying to the extent of 20,000 acres. A great number who
have signed are even in favour of the obnoxious bill, and
are staunch reformers; but are justly alarmed at the situ-
ation in which it is evidently lutendcd to place the landed
interest.

DINNER Or MALDON TRUE BLUR CLUB.—The an.
nual dinner of this old.established and highly respectable
club took piece on Wednesday last, at the Blue Boar Inn,
Quintin Dick, Eaq M.P. in the chair, supported by Col.
Tyrrell on his right, and John Round, Eiq. on his left.
HERTFORD.—The market this day was very small, and
but little in quantity of any corn pitched. There was one
sample of new Wheat, which sold for 48s per load d
bushels. Prices in general as under t Wheat Us to 48s per
load. Oats 28s to 346. Beans 23s to 235. Peas 234 to
265. Rye 23s to 2bs.
RousTom.—Wheat 38s to 42. per load. Barley per qr.
30s to 335. Beans 36s to 40s. Peas 381 to 40s. Oats
21i4 to 30s. Trefull,3os to 401.
MARRIED.—At Wanstead, by the Rev. William
Only, Samuel, second son of the late VAIL= Careless, Rag.
to Elizabeth Ann, eldest daughter of William Wells Flax.
ten, Esq. of Foreat.gate.
DIED.—At 6erinains, near Cheshani, 80, Mary, widow
of the late Rev. John Fuller,
BATH JOURNAL, dug. 8.

Aativaxs.—Lord Bishop of Hereford, Lord Barham,
Lady Bunbury, Lady dills, Gen. Wilson, Colonel Smith,
Col. Williams. Col. Foster, Major Verity ; Captains
Baker, Cooke, Wood, Wotherspoon • Dr. Fairborn ; Rey.
Messrs. Dean of Waterford, Baker, Baulk., Curry, Smith,
Wilkins, Davies, Bowles, Dr. Blake, Dr. Barfly.
AARIVALS AT iVATTS, CLIFTON HOTWELL.I4 AU.
OUST ninu:ss of Desert and family, Sir John Owen,
Bart. 31. P. Sir Osborne and Lady Gibbs', Sir William
and Lady Clarke and tinnily, General and Mrs. Hall,
General and Mrs. Brown, Colonel Illackney and Son, Cul.
Parke, Captain and Mrs. Crawford, R.N. Captain and Mrs.
Matthews, and family); Rev. Mews. Hill, Clifton, Chet-
sheyet, Criss'', W. L. Bowles.
lacy xittasisit.—A few weeks since we recorded the
occurrence of a tire csustd by an incendiary, on the farm of
31r. Geo. nate of 31onaton, by v.hielt premises, agricul-
tural produce and implements, &c. were destroyed to en
11111311361 exceeding 2.000 L We have now to relate the cow.
u.ittal of a similar uuuage on another of the tarots of that
gentleman.—Thir Norma flit broke out at pelf peat nine on
alotsday night, about a mile front the scene of the termer,
anti though tint equally injurious has destroyed property to
the value of many hundreds. The straw of two whist ticks,
a stack of beaus, a barn and extensive skillitig, a fuel
house, eighteen sacks and three bushels of wheat, &c. were
cutisuun.d.

A Lou, the property of Afr. James Cowdery, of Steven.
tuu Farm, hear Abiugdon, containing about teenty.seven
quarters of oats and barley untituuditd, together with a
bean rick, a hay rick, a cart hovel, were entirely consumed
by fire itipabg the night of Saturday last—the work of as
iimeachary. A reward 'of MI. has been offered for his ap.
pre'''. osiun.
Itass.—On Wednesday evening, about eight o'clock, a
the broke out in the laundry and out offices of blame'.
house, Charlton, at present occupied by Gen. Shouldham•
The bps was speedily extinguished, but the laundry and the
adjuiniag offices, with moat of the furniture, are one mass
ut ruins.

Monday, about two o'clock in the afternoon, a destructive
Are broke out on the premises of Mr. Edwards, flax-drawer,
Keynsliam, which raged with great fury fur a short time.
aud, trout the combustible nature of the materials, destroyed
stock to a Lags amount., besides the whole of the extensive
premises and some valuable machinery.
Ou Saturday morning, the 30th ult. a rick of hay, nearly
20 woe, the property of Mr. T. Baker, of Bridgwater,
which had been put together in a very improper state, was
discovered to be on fire, and nearly the whole was conauwed
hutiiithstanding the two engines and a great number of
Perikall instantly repaired to the spot, and rendered every
i.estatstice. A report Was in general circulation that it was
the act of an incendiary.
%LIDO wai EL Aug. 6.—On Friday the 29th ult. the
churchsardenit and ovens:ere met at the vestry at one io the
afternoon pursuant to public notice, for the of nick-
' tug a Noe. rate, but in cousequence of seeP2tpectable
pay ere wishing to have persons assessed, who were not only
able but willing to contribute their share towards the main-
tenance of the pour, the meeting was adjourned until six,
toe the avowed purpose of making enquiries on else subject.
Souse of the overseers not being present at biz, the fleeting
was further adjourned until nine, the next morning, when a
very warm diacussion took place es the injustice of refusing
to rate persons who were liable. It appeared at the fleeting
that the poison, proposed to be put tin the rate, were sus•
pected or being reformers (a grievous obetscle)like Sir CAl's.
tacrell in the House of Commons, the' overseas were loath to
