RAPE SEED.

On the motion of Mr. BRAND, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee on Rape Seed. In
the Conviittee—

Mr. LI(AND stated, that there were three classes
of persons interested in the importatirin of Rape Seed
into this country-0 e Gieeniand Whale Fisheries,
which were the best nursery for our seamen, the Oil.
crushers, and the Woollen Manufacturers. These
interests were contending. There were also to be
considered, the interests of a large class_of our Agri-
Colturalists, who would derive a very great advan-
tage from the imposition of such a duty on the im-
portation of Rape Seed, As would afford them a
remunerating price on the production of that article.
He understood that an application had been made
by several Agriculturalists in a very extensive track
ot the country, which bid been accustomed to pro-
duce Rape Seed, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
for pecuniary assistance ; but no grant of money
could be of so much advantage to them, as would
be a protecting duty on the production of Rape.—
He expressed his intention of proposing two Resolu-
tions, of which ult. first would be for the repeal of the
existing duties, arid the second, the imposition of ael.o
per last on the importation of foreign Rape Seed.
Two Resolutions to that effect being read,
Lord MILTON objected to the measure, as being
injurious to commerce, and expressed his intentio:: of
t kiting the sense of the House on the Resolutions.
Sir JOHN NEW PO RT supported the Resolutions,
as being of advantage to tire interests ot Agriculture,
and particularly of Ireland.
Lord CIIAICBOUNE, Mr. BROUGHAM, and the CHAS-
yawn of the Excurount supported the Resolutions,
and Mr. CURWEN and Lord MILTON having opposed
them, the Committee divided—For the Resolutions,
4'l—Against them, 5 —Majority, V.

MISCELLANIES.
The Scotcb Distillery Acts were considered in a Committee,
sv.l the Report was ordered to be broufbt.up to.day.
hi the Committee of Ways and Means a resolution was pro.'
iroed by the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, that the.
w claimed dividends remaining in the hand, of the Bank should
be paid icto tke Treasury, as often as they exceeded X10%,000.
'i he resolution was agreed to, alit the report ordered to be
broulit up this day.
the Report of the Husbandry Kona" Bill we' received, and
the Bill MS ordered to be read the third time on Friday next.
The Mine Offenders Bill was read the third time and passed.
Ti.e Report ot the Prope►ty Tax Collection Bill was brought
11, and ordered to be taken into consideration this day.
1 be Itei:ort ot the Bank Capital Bill was brought up, and the
lgbordered to be read the third time on Friday next.
lhe eth r oilers of the day were then disfeled of, and the
144_ ad ourned at One o'Clock.

ti;

• THE. EVENING STAR.

LONDON:.

, I

TUESDAY, JUNE 11, 1816. .
TAM Fin/VAL Of Si. BAIIMAIAIHOIitIer at as sank:

The intelligence received at LLOYD'S Coffee-house,
and inserted yesterday in Our columns, of the outrage
offered by the AlgerinesiO the British flag, has el-
cited as much astonishment as it has indignation.
Bntish flag insulted!—Nonsense: British ships have
been seized at Oran ! A British Commander—a
British crew, and a British First Consul, have been'
made prisoners there and sent to Algiers ! !—', Made
prisoners !"—in other words sew into slavery, for that is
the meaning of the expression in the vocabulary of
the North of Africa.

This intelligence reached us so late yesterday, that
we could only give it a place without note or com-
ment. But it deserves, and will obtain particular
attention from every person who feels for the honour
' of his country, and the safety of his fellow citizens.
To what are we to a►cribe 44 the daring" of these
lawless thieves and men-stealers ? To the impunity
with which their crimes have hitherto been visited :

to the bad policy which for too long a period guided
the conduct of even the Government of our own
country towards these Pirates, and
.which has not
even yet ceased to have a bAd influence upon their
conduct : to the pretaimns held out to them to steal
men, by suffelinp, Any of their captives- to remain in

their hands, or, when relieved, task's so much a head
for their ransom, as when cattle are taken out of Pound.
The Americans have set an example to the Euro•
ream of the way in which they sh,itild ti eat these ene-
mies of civilization and the rights of humanity, and
they deserve the praise of the civilized world s but
Eiiripe, in taking the lesson, should go beyond the
ex..mplc. Destroy the Tyrants—emancipate their
subjects—establish European jurisprudence alougthe
whole north coast of Africa.
We can hardly speak on this subject with any kind
of patience. Indeed we could almost say that we re-
joice at the capture of the Mary Ann—nay, we will
rejoice if it shall prove the mean of exciting the in-
dignation of our Rulers to that pitch which shall in.
duce them to reject all negotiation, treaty, or corn.
promise, with a race of barbarians who have been the
disgrace of the Western world for so many 3ges.—
Hurl upon thAn the thunder of your navy. Send
upon their supporters that sweeping destruction by
which your warriors annihilated at Waterloo the las:
h.pes of the fallen Corsican. Why s':euld you hesi.
tate ?-17.e.rope f the world will second and support
your just vengeance—your nobler work of emanci-
pating the e::!aved natives of these fine rkgions. Are
you afraid of jealousies ? Convert all the pits of
North Africa into free ports, equally open to all
Powers, and let all Europe guarantee their freedom.

The number of persons who have emigrated from
the United Kingdom, since the Peaco of Paris, is said
to be almost incredible ; steered ships have been
freighted for the express impose of carfying out these
unhappy persons, and we fear that very often the ac-
commodation and provisions on board ex2ose them
to horrors approaching to such as were formerly
known under the emphatic name of the 44 horrors of
the Middle Passage !!" In the last year his Ma-
jesty's Government, from the consideration that emi-
gration from certain parts of the kingdom, which
were undergoing changes in the system of Agricul-
ture, and in political condition, could not be revert,
tad, proviJed passage at a very easy rate to these ex-
patriated persons to the British Provinces, in North
America, whereby, if they were lost as members of
the parent state, they were not lost as subjects to his
MAJESTY ; and some regulations were made with
the Governors :Aimed for their settlement in such
British Colonies or 'possessions; but, for some time
past, Government has abandoned this seemingly
most wise, as well as humane plan, of thus leading to
British possessions, and thus retaining as British sub.
jects, those who ate forced, or who, for other
reasons, are desirous of quitting their homes and na-
tive land, and they are now lett to choose their new
country as chance or fortune may guide tinem.
Up to the present year we believe that emigration
has taken place principally from Ireland and Scot-
land, but it is now going on to a most alarming ex-
tent from the Metropolis and heart of the United
Kingdom, and we hope Parliament will deeply in-i
vestigate this important subject before it terminates'l
its labours for the present year. We have been in-
formed that there are persons who receive these Emi.
grants with a view to profit by their hapless condi-
tion and iporance ; to these persons they pay sums
of moaey, perhaps to their last penny, for which a
contract is given to find them passage and pro-
visions to the United States : the first entire
cargo'. embarked from the River Thaines, we he.
lieve, is now ou board the chartered ship Iris,
SAILTLI. Master, which on Tuesday last was seized by
a most active, intelligent, and humane Officer of the
Revenue, for having more passengers on board than is
permitted by the Acts of the 4Sd and 5Sd of the
King. By those humane laws no ship is permitted
to carry more than one person for each two tons of
the ship per register ; and if partly laden, no more
than one person for each two tons register measure.
meat, which remains unladen ; and enactments are
