SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.

CHRONICLE.—AII the statements which have yet been made fall to
describe adequately the extraordinary scene exhibited in the latest mo-
ments of the expired Parliament. Sir Robert Peel lost all that placidity
end oiliness of exterior which has hitherto characterized him ; he abso-
lutely foamed with rage, and, with a violence of gesticulation and ac...
don which revealed the real bitterness and violence of his feelings, so
long veiled urder the Joseph Surface demeanour, declared that on the
heads of the King's Ministers should lie the blood of the innocent Tia
tints destined to fall in the approaching revolution; as if the wise
arid timely concessions to reason and justice proposed to be made by
Lord they's Government were not calculated rather to avert than pro-
duce a revolution • and in utter forgetfulness of the recent declaration
made by Sir Robert or his partisans, that in defence of the rotten
boroughs against the assault of the awakened people of England, he and
:hey were prepared to encounter the horrors of a civil war. Never was
so gross and flagrant an insult offered to a Prince, as was on Friday
offered to our beloved and revered Sovereign, by some peers of the realm
in their places in the House of Lords. To what excess will self-inter-
est and other sordid motives lead men ! Sir R. Peel, who now is pleased
to play the part of leading anti-reformer, as he once did that of chief op-
ponent to the cause of eivil'und religious liberty was demoniac with fury,
:is a person possessed, and 'resembled one " having a devil." His face
was pale as a sheet—his lips wore the bate of ink—and it was said
say many who saw him, that by the entrance of the Black Rod, he
was probably saved from an apoplectic fit. Whence all this fury ?
Because common decency is wholly disregarded by this gentleman and
his accomplices when there is a question about touching the darling
Rotten Boroughs. This is Sir Robert Peel's present one; and the
borough faction may possibly fancy they have got a good supporter.—
Let them not deceive themselves. In a month, he, and Mr. Goul-
burn, and his brothers, may just as swiftly wheel round, and be for
Reform, BALLOT and air., as they did in 1829 on the Catholic Ques-
dom.—Let:us contrast with the conduct of Sir H. Peel, and his party,
the dignified demeanour of the Duke of Wellington and his party, who
ahoeimd from giving their presence and countenance to such violent
and outrageous scenes. They well deserved of their King and their
country. Their line of conduct is plain, and consistent, end honest, and
intelligible. They oppose Reform. We think them quite wrong. But
they do en conscientiously and fairly. The petty distinction. taken by the
others, who are furious again:.t the Government measure, but have mis.
givtngs that some reform must pass; so they affect to be for some re-
form. We say affect, because every argument they use, every topic
they appeal to, is distinctly directed against all Reform, the smallest
as well as the greatest. And, accordingly, Sir Robert Peel, Mr.
(&oulburn, and all, were against every kind and degree of Re-
form, from the first instant of their coming into public life, down
to the hour when they discovered, rother day, that it might be con.
venient for them to affect some reforming opinions. But these gentle-
men are nimble in their evolutions. How quick did Air. Goul.
burn turn round in favour of the Catholic Question on the day
of the King's Speech, 1829. He had always been against anything
like concession to Catholics till that hour; and ever since he has been
an emancipator. So of Sir R. Peel and the Test Act. He as quickly
wheeled round, and came to be for the repeal, the moment he saw Lord
J. Russell's motion was carried ; though he said most solemnly that he
deemed it urinous to the church I Again we say, these men cannot be
either respected or trusted. But to support them as tools of Anti.
Reform, saner Dukes and Lords arc now subscribing thousands of
pounds. Let the people be on their guard, and let all good men meet
so foul and corrupt an attempt of the faction by the Sovereign
Subscription.
Dams—The business of electioneering goes on with a vivacity
suitable to the occasion. The enemies of the people arc active and
profuse ; and when we consider that they have all the privileges they
wish for, and simply act and subscribe for the purpose of depriving
others of what belongs to them, of how much more consequence is it
to the party whom it is attempted to deprive fur ever of their dearest
rights, to repel aggression, and enforce their demands ? We have heard of
the subscriptions of Dukes and other Peers for the unholy cause : neither
is there on our side any disposition to shrink from the supply of money
where money is wanting. As to the course of the elections them-
selves, we may be permitted to say thus much,—that as it is ob.
vious how many mums must be inevitably against us, from the
mere circumstance of the elective franchise not being in the hoods
of those to whom it of right belongs, all such returns may be con-
sidered as made by Frenchmen, Dutchmen, or Germans : they have
no connection with the people of England, though the nominees
must unfortunately sit, in this, we trust to them the last Parlia-
ment. But if, beyond these, there are any great show of members
really hostile to reform, we should say that it is a foul reproach to
the people of England, and a proof, whatever their professions may
be, that they have not shown such seal as the occasion requires.
POST.—The experimentalists, the lovers of change and innovation,
are proceeding with characteristic activity, and are sparing no efforts to
turn to the best account the opportunity that has unfortunately been
offered them. It is the imperative duty, therefore, on the other hand,
of all our countrymen who desire to see only sucCalterations effected as
are consistent with the safety of the State, to meet these designing
speculators, or empty theorists, with cornspondirg activity, and thus
counteract theft mischievous exertions. Let the Chartered Companies
If the Bank of England, and the East India Company, exercise their
annost influence in the approaching Elections, to return such men to
the new Parliament as will pledge themselves to protect those valuable
establishments from the destruction meditated against them by the re-
volutionary reform bill. Let the boroughs and corporations which are
threatened with the annihilation of their rights, defend those rights by
rending such men to Parliament as will tearlessly redeem the trust ret
posed in them. Let the colonial interest be exerted to preserve the
British colonies from the ruin so calmly contemplated by the authors and
abettors of the revolutionary bill. The anti-colonial policy of the reform.
ing cabinet has been too recently exemplified to require particular com-
ment ; let the colonial Interest, we say, exert itself against these men and
the strenuous efforts of their saintly allies the anti-slavery gentry. Let the
agriculturists bestir themselves in every town and county to put forward
candidates pledged to oppose the revolutionary bill, and, by rejecting it,
avert the ruinous experiment of • free trade in corn. Manufacturers
are not less interested in opposing this odious system of free trade, the
canker-worm expedient of theorists and reformers, which, by bringing
foreign competition on unequal terms into our home markets, has al-
ready effected some extensive injury on the country. Let he ship.
owner and fundowner, both of whom have received recent proofs
of the tender care and friendly intentions towards them of
the Reforming Cabinet, unite with the other great interests.—
Let all who are disposed to defend rights and property against
rapine and confiscation, opposS to the utmost the entrance of revolu-
tionists into the new Parliament. Let all who have any interest in cor-
porate or chartered rights, in agriculture or in mono/he/ores, in
shipping or in commerce, in the colonies or in the funds, Biwa' e of
the destructive tendency, to each and every of these great rights and
interests, .of the Revolutionary Reform Rill. Let the exertions of all
these classes and of all who desire the happiness of the country. and
the integrity of our glorious constitution, be united, and that happiness
and that integrity is secure ! ! !
PosT.—The result of the contest for the University of Cambridge
will be the first important manifestation of opinion that the reckless
and desperate conduct of Ministers will elicit. The issue of this
struggle will be known before the county elections commence, and thus
it left with the University to set an example by which, ere it is too
late, the gentry of the country may he roused into action, and the tot.
tering fabric of our Constitution upheld. Ministers, we have reason to
keuve, look with intense anxiety to the result of this struggle, and
their minions are leaving unessayed no effort by which they can hope
to corrupt, cajole, or intimidate, the electors of the University into a
decision destructive alike of its safety and character.
IiEHALD.—Sir Robert Peel, in the short and tumultuous debate
which preceded the prorogation of the House of Commons on Friday,
ass pleased to break a lance with the Press—that Press, by the bye, to
which Sir Robert Peel owes no small portion of the reputation which he
has gained with the country. Among the frightful consequences which
the right honourable baronet foresees as likely to flow from reform is
this, that " the country would be subjected to that system of jour-
nalises which had brought countries from a state of happiness and
cortentinent to the fever of excitement and the verge of misery."
—We should like Sir Robert Peel to tell us what species of
putsalism it is that he approves of; or what spirit of moderation he
veculd wish the Press to assume when it has to record such scenes of se-
ditious incendiary disorder as were displayed in the place and at the
tim • when lie himself used the expression which we have quoted...-
f!'ert is ene Journal, at least, which, as it lauds Sir Robert Peel
to the b;1;.`1, may be taken, we imagine, as the organ of hie
sentintei,ts, and as his beau ideal of journalism. The last Number
of that Joursai lies before us, and from it we extract a few speci-
mens of the tone of moderation ar.d charity in which both persons and
things are treated : 1. Alluding to the Lend Chancellor (we suppose) this
Journal says. " Lord Mansfield gave the heartless charlatan who occu-
pies the highest station in the country a moral chastisement much more
tevere that any he has ever corporeally received." 2. Lord John
nussell in the same Paper iscyled " that Spooney," and " the penny
'romper of Woburn." 3. The Lord Chancellor's assertion, that the
House of Commons had by u factious vote stopped the supplies,
* three times called a " lie," and printed in capital letters, to con
,tni and audienticate its grossness. 4. The King's Privy
f.,ouncillers arc called " hacks," with various other terms of
!;ton,iny. 5. And, lastly, the most insulting terms are used
• nwatels his Majesty in the following words, the purport of
e..ich cannot be misunderstood:—•• As the procession passed the
Banqueting House at Whitehall, the Reformers in the crowd cheered
•)''idly''llere we pause. If this is the species of journalism which
sir Hobert Peel delights in, we should wish to know what it is that
.e dislikes. Perhaps we can tell him. It is the journalism which has
sided and is aiding a patriotic Monarch and his Ministers to loose
'lime bonds of worse than feudal despotism in which the best interests
of the country have been en lung bound up ; it is that Press which has
'one more to fan and keep alive the spirit of rational freedom than any
her causes united, and whose not neat merit it is to draw down upon
T• 1 If the hatred and the censure of that selfish faction, whose reign
coil give way to a fair and equal distribution of those public
Ants and privileges, which, by their perversion of them, have been
qnverted into public wrongs.

THE GENERAL ELECTION.
NEWS FOR CANDIDATES AND ELECTORS.

COUNTY MEMBERS RETIRED.

The following County Members, who sat in the last Par-
liament, and who voted against the Reform Bill, do not intend
to offer themselves at the General Election for the places at
tached to their names, and which they represented before the
dissolution :

Bir Thomas Arland -
Mesas. F. Sotheron -
G. A. Legh Heck
John Fane -
W. Dickenson -
H. H. Drummond
Sir Charles Morgan,
G. It. Trevor -
W. B. Dugdale -
Lord W. Powlett -

. filreAwilary
. DIANN.

We have received a communication from Sir Egerton
Bridges, dated Genoa, announcing to us his intention to
stand as a candidate for the county of Kent. He has trans-
mitted to us some ably written " expositions" of his poli-
tical sentiments and conduct, which, we do not hesitate to
say, prove him well worthy of confidence at the present
moment. His literary genius, and unparalleled real, in the
I promotion of literary objects, are well known. We shall
make some extracts from the expositions to-morrow.
ESSEX is showing what England can do when called upon
by its King, an honest Ministry, and the cause of Liberty.
Every town, village, and parish is alive and on the alert.—
Western and Wellesley are the favourites for the county,
though Col. Tyrrell is a candidate as matter of course. At
Colchester, Harvey and Mayhew are the favourites, though
the corporation will show its teeth, if it can find a candidate.
Mr. Saunderson is spoken of. Maldon also will be contested.
In truth, every member from this rich and extensive county,
may be expected to support the Bill, when the Parliament
re-assembles. There are tories, but they are chop-fallen.
Canvassing is incessant, and the only business.
ELECTORS OF ENGLAND.—The Tories boast that they
can buy you with their gold ; prove to them their blindness.
Support the King, and do not let him be given over, bound
band and foot, to Sir Robert Peel and his brethren. Vote
fur reform.—Morniny Paper.
Sir R. Peel has declined all intention of standing as a
candidate for Dover. He has judged wisely,—he had no
chance.

Ti.e number of new members at a general election usu-
ally averages about 60, but it is calculated that there will be
about 200 in the next parliament, so many anti-reform ex-
members having received notice to quit.
Mr. Yates Peel, one of the non-reforming candidates for
the honour of representing tha university of Cambridge in
the new parliament, is himself confined to his room by the
gout. _ _

Yesterday evening a meeting took place at the Nag's
Head Inn, Borough, of electors favourable to the election of
W. Brougham, Esq. the brother of the Lord Chancellor. It
was amazingly crowded. After several resolutions, and
calls on the meeting to use their utmost exertion to secure
the return of Mr. W. Brougham and Mr. Calvert, the meet-
ing separated.
Yesterday, there was a meeting of the friends of Mr.
Hume, of St. George's in the East, at the George Tavern,
Commercial-road, the Rev. Mr. Evans in the chair, who
proposed the following resolution : " That in the judgment
of the freeholders now present, our late representative, Joseph
Hume, Eq. has done his duty, and we pledge ourselves to
support him at the ensuing election." Mr. Hume, who was
present, said : I should indeed be insensible, did I not
offer to you my sincere thanks, and assure you, the example
you have set, in wishing to return me free of expense, has
been followed by Yorkshire, Devon, and the county of
York; who, I believe, will vote for the whole Bill. Ido
not long wish to be your Member, but when the new Par-
liament shall be returned, to see two Members returned for
this district. Till that time, I shall be proud to use my
exertions for the best interest of the freeholders. The
health of the Ring, the Queen, and the Ministers, was
proposed, and received with the greatest enthusiasm. A
Committee was formed, and a vote of thanks proposed to
Mr. Gould, for his conduct in the chair.
The correspondent of a contemporary says, " The effigy
of the recreant Hunt has been burnt on the famous field of
Peterloo, where be has so often addressed thousands. On
this occasion, I witnessed a greater number dancing and ex-
ulting over the ashes of his effigy, than 1 ever saw listening
to him in the days of his greatest glory. During the pro-
cess of burning, the band played the Dead March in Saul
in solemn procession round the field, and ultimately through
the town."

No popular idol, for a long series of years, has had such
a tumble from the high pinnacle of his celebrity as the ex-
Member for Preston. Wherever he appears he is pelted ;
wherever he does not appear he is pasquinaded. In one
place they break his blacking bottles ; in another they burn
all his labels ; in a third they burn a " counterfeit resem-
blance" of " the orator's" person, as a fitting termination,
no doubt, to the career of a counterfeit politician. This last
" dishonoured rub" was given a few days since, in the field
of Peterloo, in the presence of a greater number of specta-
tors than ever attended the most renowned exploits of the
hero himself in the same place. To be pelted and have his
bottles broken might, perhaps, be endured ; but to be igno-
miniously burnt on Peterloo, the scene of all his former glo-
ries, must be too much even for the patience of the philoso-
pher of Glastonbury. This is, indeed, " the unkindest cut
of all."—Herald.

Soave qui peat seems to 1:e the order of the day among
the Tories ; they are absolutely panic-stricken. Scarcely
has the royal proclamation reached the extremity of the em-
pire, and yet, even now, we find the anti-reformers laying
down their arms, and surrendering at discretion. The
enemy has evinced the greatest pusillanimity sounding
a retreat even before the appearance in the field of a hostile
force. It will go hard, indeed, with our " venerable insti-
tutions," if they are to be thus abandoned in their utmost
need.

MANCHESTER, APRIL 24.—The news of the dissolution
of Parliament reached this town, by express, about half-
past ten o'clock this morning, and was received with the
most unbounded exultation by all classes of persons.
At the time of its arrival, the Exchange was crowded
with the merchants and manufacturers of the town and
neighbourhood, and a copy of a newspaper containing the
welcome intelligence having been brought into the room, a
gentleman was requested to read it aloud. W ben became to the
commencement of the King's speech, where his Majesty states
that he had determined to prorogue Parliament for the purpose
of dissolving it ; the most enthusiastic cheering burst forth at
once fron► the whole assemblage, and was continued for se-
veral minutes. At the conclusion of the account, several
voices cried out " Three cheers for the King !" which were
given with a degree of zeal and goodwill that has never been
exceeded on any other occasion whereon his Majesty's con-
duct has com winded the applause of his subjects. This
feeling was manifested not merely on the Exchange, but in
the streets, and in almost every assemblage of persons that
collected in any part of the town ; and during the whole of
the day Manchester presented one general scene of gladness.
Here and there, indeed, a disconsolate face was seen, but
these only served as foils to show off more strongly the ge-
neral rejoicing.

L0ND0W.....1t is a fact that, after all, Mr. Ward is com-
ing forward again; a meeting of his friends is convened for
Wednesday, to see what can be done for him. Mr. Grote
does not come forward. Mr. Alderman Venables declares
he will act on the instructions of the Livery at their meet-
ing this day, if no one else does, be will, however, oppose
Mr. Ward.

KENT.—Sir E. Knatchbull has addressed his late con-
stituents in a very humble deprecatory address indeed. He
says, if again elected he will assist in effecting such a re-
form as circumstances may appear to require, and he then
adopts the very words of the King's speech on proroguing
parliament, " and which, founded upon the acknowledged
principles of the constitution, may tend to uphold the just
rights of the crown, and to give security to the liberties of
the people." Does Sir Edward, in adopting the words put
into his Majesty's mouth by his ministers, pledge himself to
support their bill of reform ? if so be has some chance of re-
election, but he should be more explicit.
GREAT YAIMOUTII.—The two late members, the Hon.
G. Anson and Mr. Rumbold, come forward again ; a meet-
ing of their London supporters will be held this day. They
both supported the second reading ; but Mr. Rumbold was
absent on Gen. Gascoyne's amendment.
Sou ERSET S I R E.—The very mention of an opponent
has frightened Mr. Dickenson from the contest. Mr. Kemys
Tynte, jun. however, is coming forward in his place, but re-
serves a declaration of his sentiments until the time of nomi-
nation. We hope the electors will shew their opinion of the
man who, at such a moment as this, affects secrecy for a
moment on " the Bill."

BEDFORD (CouNTy.)—The Marquis of Tavistock has
addressed the electors.

BUCKINGIIA SISHIRE.—The Marquis of Chandcs has
addressed the county; a meeting is also to be held, calling
on Mr. Joha Smith to come forward, a call which he will
doubtless obey.
SURREY.—Several meetings of the freeholders have
been already held, who have unanimously resolved to sup-
port both the late members. No third candidate is talked of.
ESSEX.—The two late members and Mr. Long Wellesley
have come forward with their addresses. The latter gentle-
man is confident of success. A meeting of Mr. Western's
friends is to be held this day.
YORK SH I RE —The anti-reformers have convened a meet-
ing for to-morrow, to concert measures to defeat the object
of the King's party in returning four reformers. Among
those who have called the meeting are Mr. S. Wortley, Sir
Clifford Constable, Admiral Sotheron (pro pudor !) Sir John
Lowther, and Mr. Lane Fox.

NORTHUMBERLAND.—MT. Beaumont has addressed his
constituents ; his pledges are distinct in favour of the great
national measure of the King, Ministers, and People.
DEVONSHIRE.—Lord Ebrington is again in the field with-
out a doubt of success.

DURIIAM (COUNTY.)—Mr. W. Russell, who has so
generously consented to sacrifice for the national advantage
his borough property, is up again, and must succeed.
DURHAM CITY.—Mr. Angelo Taylor has addressed the
freemen, but says that he does not wish to offer himself to
their notice with the certain prospect of the heavy expense
of a contest. He leaves the matter, therefore, in their hands.
Mr. Chaytor again comes forward, and the Marquis of Lon-
donderry opens his purse freely to effect the return of Sir
Roger Greeley.
KNARESBOROUGH.—Mr. Entwistle has declared his in-
tention to come forward again. He ought for the present,
if he be a reformer, to resign his pretensions, as the late
Members, Sir James Mackintosh and Lord Waterpark, both
support the Bill.
HULL.—Mr. Wrightson has again come forward.
NEW SHOREHAM.—Mr. Howard is in the field; he votes
for the King and the people, and is therefore secure. Sir
Charles Burrell also has addressed the electors.

WINDSOR.--A requisition, signed by nearly half the
voters in the course of an hour, calls on the late Members to
come forward again, pledging to return them free of expense.
Mr. Stanley will again come forward, having addressed the
electors.

LI N COLN.—A meeting has been held here to concert mea-
sures for throwing out both the late Members, who enrolled
their names amongst the enemies of the King and people of
England. Mr. Corbett is to be one of the new candidates.
HARIVICH.—The late Members, Messrs. Dawson and
Herries, have canvassed this place. Two opponents are,
however, in the field against them ; and, with the people at
their side, backed by the influence of the Crown, must beat
them out of the field if they have the impudence to go to a
poll.
BEDFORDSHIRE.—Mr. Potter Macqueen has been so-
licited to come forward and oppose Mr. Stuart, who opposed
the Bill.

BERWICK-ON-TWEED. —Sir France Blake has sent down
his address to the electors, pledging himself to come forward
again and support the bill.
WA RWICKSIIIZE.—Sir Eardley Wilmot has come for-
ward here, in opposition, it is said, to Mr. Dugdale.
BRlSTOL.—Several preliminary meetings were held in the
end of last week to adopt measures for ejecting Mr. Hart
Davis, and returning a colleague with Mr. Baillie who will
pledge himself to support the bill.
LEWES.—Three candidates—Mr. Kemp, who says, " it
is your cause I am prepared to advocate, and with you I
expect to obtain victory ;" Sir J. Shelley, who appeals in a
most lachrymose tone to his " former friends to support the
constitution of England ;" and Sir C. Blunt, vv ho says ex-
pressively, " the King calls upon you to send him your re-
corded vote against the boronghmongers. Answer, friends,
solemnly and unanimously to his call, and you will have
your full and triumphant share in the greatest civil victory
that was ever obtained by Englishmen."
ARUN DEL.—Lord Dudley Stuart is canvassing the elec-
tors here : will Alderman Atkins venture within this borough ?

SOUTIIAMPTON.—Both the late members who voted
against the bill, Messrs. Hoy and Dottin, have again come
into the field : they have to meet, however, two opponents
on the popular side, Messrs. Penleage and Atherley, who
have answered the call to do so from a large body of the
electors.

W EST BU R Y.—There are two reform candidates announced
in opposition to the patron's (Mr. Francis) men.
WILTSII IR E. r. Benet and Sir J. Astley rill be re-
elected without opposition : they both supported the Reform
Bill.

EXETER .-Mr. Buck's vote has lost him all claim in this
city : an opponent is coming forward, should be venture to
make his appearance. The other member, Mr. Buller, is
safe.

Air. ASH IRE.Mr. Alexander Oswald comes forward to
oppose the late member.
IPS% ICH.—Mr. Dundas has addressed the electors, and
comes forward, he says, in defence of the Constitution. He
opposed, it is scarcely necessary to say, the Bill.
FIFESIIIItE.—A new candidate, Colonel Lindsey, the
younger, is announced in opposition to Mr. Wemyas.
SELKIRK.—MT. W. D. Gillon is in the field, in opposi-
tion to Mr. Johnstone, who supported the reform bill.
SANDW IC ll.—Captain Troubridge, R.N. has announced
himself a candidate on reform principles.
BASSETLAW —The Honourable Arthur Duncombe has
addressed the burgesses and freeholders. He voted against
the bill, but avows himself in his address friendly to moderate
i reform, and the extension of the elective franchise.

BUCCINGHAMSHIRE.—Mr. Robert Smith retires from
the county; his votes were in favour of the bill.
NOTTINGHAMSHIRE.—AdmiraI Sotheron also retires
from this county; he voted against the bill. Eitber Lord
Rancliffe or the Earl of Surrey comes forward in his place.
CARLISLE.—Mr. Howard again seeks the renewal of the
trust reposed in him by the freemen, he having redeemed all
his pledges in favour of reform.
CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY.—The late n embers both
come forward, as do also Mr. Goulburn and Mr. Yates Peel,
who have addressed the electors on anti-reform principles.
BERKSHIRE.—Mr. Throgmorton, of Buckland-house, is
spoken of as a candidate for this county. Mr. Paluter'a
vote on General Gascoyne's amendment has nri•:ersal
dissatisfaction.

St. ALBATI'S.—Sir Francis Vincent comes fortrari: op-
pose Lord Grimston, who voted against the bill.
WOODSTOCK.—The Marquis of Blandford has retired
from this borough ; his Lordship is, however, t4l:.ed of fur
the county of Oxford, in place of Mr. Fane, he opposed
the Bill.

WENLocx.—Mr. Beilby Thompson offers himself spin.
He promises to support the " purity of the constitution."
D ENBIGHSHIRE.— Sir Watkin Williams Wynn com s
forward again : he voted for the second reading, and tur
Gen. Gascoyne's amendment.
H A MPSHIRE.—Both the late members, Mr. Herring and
Sir W. Heat cote, opposed the bill : the freeholders have,
however, called on Sir J. Macdonald and Mr. Shaw 144..2,-; o,
promising to support them free of expense.
WA n w tcx.—Mr. King, the reform candidate, has h...;.)
very successful against Sir C. Greville, who opposed the Blii.
DORSETSHIRE.—Mr. Portman has again addressed th
electors, declaring his intention to pursue the same line of
conduct he has hitherto acted on. He voted for the Bid in
every division.
BRISTOL.— Mr. Hart Davies, who opposed the bill, nil
be himself opposed by Mr. Protheroe, jun. who pledges Wu.-
self to support his Majesty's throne and government, as well
against the dangers of aristocratic domination as of demo-
cratic revolution. Mr. Bailie's re-election is secure.
CANTSRBURT.—Mr. Bingham Baring, who was unque •
cessful last election, will come forward again. A meetin.r
of freemen resident in London takes place to-day, to enstm:
the election of reform candidates.

MONMOUTHSiI 1 az.—Sir Charles Morgan has resigned
the county in consequence of his cote in favour of General
Gascoyne's amendment, which he declares he is led to be-
lieve has given dissatisfaction to his constituents, and lust
him their confidence.

BRI DO ENORTH . —Mr. Thomas Whitmore comes forward
again, but is likely to be strongly opposed by a Refer►►►
candidate.

ROXBUILGIISHIRE.A Mr. Scott has addressed the free-
holders (in number about 80,) stating himself " a friend to
moderate reform, but opposed to the rash and ill-considered
measure of the ministers."
GLOUCESTERSHIRE.—Lord R. Edward Somerset has
addressed the electors, announcing his determination to
come forward again. An address, signed by about 150
persons, has been published in his Lordship's favour, pro-
mising him support. The Reformers have, however, called
on the Hon. H. Moreton to come fora ard. Sir B. W.
Guise has also addressed the electors.
WORCESTERSHIRE.—The freeholders have called on the
Hon. T. H. Foley, one of the late Members, and Mr. Ser-
geant Russell, to come forward here—the latter to oppose
the Hon. H. C. Lygon, for voting against the Bill. Mr.
Richards also comes forward as a Reformer.

SALISEU ILY.-Mr. W. Brodie has been solicited, and Kill
stand for this city, in opposition to Mr. Wadham Wyndham,
who voted for Gen. Gascoyne's amendment.
Paw sor N.—Mr. Freshfield, the Bank Solicitor, has ad-
dressed the electors. In his address he says he opposed,
from a deep sense of duty, the mischievous and destructive
measure of Ministers. He also talks of retaining " the glo-
rious constitution," &c. _

MONMOUTHSHIRE.—In consequence of the vote of Lord
G. C. H. Somerset against the measure, the reformers have
invited Mr. Adam Williams, of Llangibby Castle, to come for-
ward free of expense ; and be has accepted the invitation.
MON MOUTU.—Mr. B. HALL will start here against the
Marquis of Worcester, who opposed the reform bill.
MA IDSTON E.—Lord Mahon, the anti-reformer, will, it ia
said, be a candidate, in opposition to Mr. Roberts.
Susszx —Lord George Lennox and the late member will
be returned by the reformers without opposition.
No iITII A M PTON.—Colonel Maberly has received a requi-
sition, signed by 1148 electors, pledging themselves to sup-
port him, if he comes forward to oppose Sir Robert Gunning,
who voted against the bill.
LEIC ESTE R SIII RE.—Mr. Paget comes forward for this
county again, supported by the reform party, in opposition
to Lord Robert Manners, the anti-reformer.

BURT ST. EDMUNDS.-Mr. Relfe, the recorder, has
announced his intention of coming forward here as a reformer
to oppose Earl Jermyn.
B RECK NOCKSH I RE.—Col. Wood's vote, for the amend-
ment of Gen. Gascoyne has already raised him up an oppo-
nent in Mr. Williams, of Penpoint. They mean to act on
the principle of the freeholders of Yorkshire, by rejecting
any man who will not go heart and hand with ministers for
the bill, as Col. Wood voted for the second, and received the
thanks of a county meeting, on the 14th inst. for his vote.
POOLE.—Mr. Sergeant Wilde declines to come forw Ird
for this place, although solicited by requisition, because the
political principles of the late members on the immure of
reform coincide with his own.

ATLEBBERY.—Lord Nugent has addressed the electors
'of Aylesbury: he and his present colleague, Mr. Rickrind,
the banker, will be re-elected, notwithstanding the o; posi-
tion threatened by the Marquis of Chandos.
PEMBROKEsiIinE.—Sir John Owen has addre,sed t. leng
exculpatory address to his constituents, in which he endea-
yours to explain away the bad impression made on their
minds by his vote on the Reform Bill. An opposition can-
didate will be put forward.
RADNORSH I RE.—Mr. Frankland Lewis will have to meet
an opponent on the popular aide in this county. The person
named as coming forward is Sir Harford Jones BQ cir I r.
MoNTOOMERYsiII RE.—A numerous body of Ge free-
holders have addressed a requisition to Mr. Stanley, to stand
for the county against Mr. Wynne. The former gentleman
has, however, signified his intention not to accept the der.
Cov ax riev.—No sign of a contest, both members having
voted for the people.
CAMBRIDGE.—A town meeting is :drew to be Leid, to
consider what steps cun be taken—for it is a close nomina-
tion borough—to rescue it front the disgrace ci returning
two anti-reform members.
CAMBRIDGESHIRE.—The reforming rnemln,s a; e both
safe. The opposition, headed by the Duke ui Rutiat.d, are,
however, looking for a candidate.
Her NTING DoN sill RE.—Lord John Russell hii, been

solicited to stand for tl.is coluty, in ol•position to Lord
Mandeville. A meeting of the independent party takes
place this day, to concert necessary measures, at St. Ire..
The vote of Lord Strathaven against General Gase
amendment, was given in time to save him front ejecti u, as
doubts were entertained of him.
FLINTSIIIRE.—The late member being dead,Sir J. Ilan-
mer is already in the field ; he declares himself the advocate
of a moderate and well-regulated reform.
