THE WATERING PLACES 1O 'sof

This day was published, price 1:1s. in hoards, in red, or
l 4s. calf, in 0n...! very dick closely printed Velma.
ille4trated A% HI dearly 7u Mei.s and Views,
-11 HE GUIDE to ALL the WATERING ant
SEA-13ATHlIsiG P1.A07.8 in England and Wales, hie
I Sen, consisting of Accur.tte ant Circumstantial Descriptions of
verl. Place ut Fashionable Resort, and of theCarloshlts and See-
:lay in their Environs, with an Itinerary ad the Roads to sad
Iruni each I'lace.

Ly the EDITOR a the PICTURE of LONDON.

This Work is so w-II known. and has been so universally ap.
',roved of for its conii,letei:us and accuracy, that any further de.
scriptim of it contents, or ary observations on its merits oad ad.
Guy would be superfluous. The Places described are:
:•_IIERYSTWITH LEMINGTON PRIORS
BA'L'M inTLE Hstkirrox
::/...ACT.:POOL . LIME REGIS
BOGNOR,HOTHAMPTON LYM!NOTON
BURLINGTON MALVERN
B
BRISTOL.
K T GH'
lUHN MA
OT WELLS and MATLRGOACT/1
CLIFIUN RAMSGATE
BROADSTAIRS - SCARBOROUGIK
BUXTON SIDAIOUTH •
CHELTENHAM 'OUTI-uurrrox
CROMER SOUTHEND
DAWLISH , SWANSEA
DOVER • . TEIGNMOUTS
EASTBOURNE TENBY
EXMOUTH • TUNBRIDGE WILLS
FOLXSTONS WEYMOUTH
POWEY
•WOR: THING
HARROIA'GATII • ' YARMOUTH
HARWICH .. A 'fOUR to the LAKES
HASTINGS A To Lilt in SOUTH WALES
ILFRACOMBE ATO U R in NO It'l'H WALIS
IsL OF WIGHT • &c. Ike. &c. •
Prfntad for RICRARD Pizu. rs, No st, bridge-street, Black
friars ; and to be had of all Bookeelkra, iwaatain
rticularlyg
Plaster.
Of frshoee who
roiliest the respective Sin.Bathineand
i' Of Nrhorn may obo be had, tbe Pit:TUBE at LONDON UT
I Doe, by the swat Saws, poloo So. boosotb. rolL

I

-7-stANI

FROM THE DUTCH PAP.EES.

TWENTIETH BULLETIN. •
a Vienna, June O.

sc 'When the news of our victory at Rub reschei Ruda, the
Empress leftlhat plate immediately, with ►ll those who belonged
tc the Government.
" The enemy vs p,:rsued tha the 15th and 16th instant, and
at last crossed tha Danube pa tha bridge at Comoro. The town
of Raab has bezn inscste.l. In a few day, we expect it will 1e
in our possession. Considerable magazines havelieen found in its
suburlis.

" The snperts entrenched camp of Raab, which could contain
100,000 met, has been tahtn, The column of the enemy which
as intended to defrAd'itCculd not enter it, and was cut. a from
the main army. -
" A. courier bons Ruda has been intercepted. The dispatches
which be carried were wi itten Latili, and informed ui of the
sensation prcduceci by the battle cf Raab. The enemy deluges
the country wi:h false reports. This is part of his pea for raiaing
tbe lowest classes of tt.c p-ogle.
" Mr. De Mrtternich left Vienna the 18th inst. He will he
exchanged between Cornorniand Buds, for Mr. Dodpx, .arid the
other persons he'onLicg to the French Lotion.
Mr. D'Espinay, offiCer of ordnance to his Majesty the.Em-
feror, is aeritte4 from Petersburgh. He passed through the head
quarters of the it es3ian army. Ptince Eirrge-Galittin entered
Gallicia the 3d inst. in three columns--that of General Levis
roarched through Droissezin ; that of Prince Certszakoff through
Therespol, and that of Prine*SieVarrow through rlotl;:imirx."
WILANALATZeiti Or A T.ETTIA WitiTTTN TROIS er.:,

IN 'r/t6

EVENING or ;UNE 15:

. 4' The news of the unfortur.ate battle of the 14th has filled us
with grief, and the town with confusion. This event afflicts the
more deeply the faithful evil ants of eur F.lnperor, ait they per-
ceive many pea .le who rejoice at it, and gladly await ;lie arrival
of the French. As soon as the first,informatinA of this &eater
reached us, our August !impress resolved to leave. Buda, and set
off yesterday, at three to the afternoon, to spend the night at
.1-fatvan. No plare has yet limn appointed for the retidence of the
Connell. The Chancery informed us, that Aul:c Court and
its officers will c crapy Agrea, Misceletina, and Gyongyosin.—
We are not yet azquai.ited w.th the next place of our alicck ; it
will, pivrhaps, Ca.iseria„ " C.s i, l',"

San-Yago.
" The 29th I proceeded with the 3d Hussars to
Lai4o, to hold a conference with the Duke of Dal-
matia ; and on the three following days I marched
the troops towards Betanzos, with 'the view of being
ready to act against Carera's corps at San-Yago.
" P.S. General Fournier, whom I left in Lugo,
with three battaliOns and two squadrons, maintained
his position for four days, against an army of several
thousand Spaniards, among whom wercregular troops
commanded by General Mahy. His total loss in
killed arid wounded did not exceed 130 men."

PARIS, JUNE
BULLETIN OF Ti IF ARMY OF SPAIN.
"The necessity of investing (;er•na, and afterwards covering
the operations of the siege of that phee, had obliged the 7th
corps to draw near to it. At the same time the third corps 11.4
detached one of its divisions for the purpose of co-operating in the
enterprize .4,-ainst the Asturias ; and General Sucher, who com-
mands it, thought proper to concentrate the remainder of his
troops in the vicinity of Saragossa, along the nuerha, and on the
Gallego.
Epcnish Ccneral Blake thought It a favourable moment ts
mite a movement on the side of Arragon, and havingunited his
troops with a great number of armed peasants, he began his
march on the 13th of June towards the nuerha, and the same

) •
I • '
• , -
: 6t
'.
I. , < k',` •' 1 .• 1• 1 i ! • '04.40 $. . :• . • 11. r • ' -
Whilst this took plat at the fon', *veva sell4= . .1 mot eiAt Sa4 a i500:2,41 and. ~ Abou
at the head of wbom was Captain 'rsesslid WO *S. evsnipg the sprpp of gmetal peroi re:
the river under the fire of the batteries ion* before tiatted,.sad at ten, took upists tomer position near
them a coffer filled with muskets and Cartridge bases. nietexadorf. -,
This handful of heroes soon rushed upon the. enensy, ts tate information las reached us from Lints;by
who attacked on every side, Red, and abandoned his 'i which we.learn that the position of the two divisions
artillery. At that moment the passage of the infantry lof the Royal army is still the same ; nothin4 new has
became practicable and easy, and was executed so I taken place."
rapidly, that by nine hi the evening, the rear-guard t
alone remained on the right-bank, which it reached toe'
dnricor* the night. The flotilla directed itself towards . cfr-
Ribadeo, in order to protect our passage of the Eo. :.gs '
" The '26th, the troops were divided into two co- -''r"
lumen. The one marched towards Castropol, and ..co
the other to Lavega. A ford was discovered at the
latter place, and the infantry passed on a bridge of -..r'-
carts. I learned at Castropol the arrival pf the Duke r«'
of Dalmatia on the Minho, ~ v--
4: The '27th 1 marched the greatest part of my '
troop; to Mondonedo. My vanguard made some pri-
soners, and the cncmy retreated on Meyra.
The '2Bth I approached Lugo ; my right ex-
tending beyond Castro-del-R*y, and sett to recon-
noitre the enemy's position, and the state of affairs in
Gallicia. I then learned the arrival of the 2d corps,
and the results of the enemy's attempts on the town of

T

,• - ,
.
_ SALTZBVAG, lint lik
Here, and in our whole territory, the meet ere-
plete tranquillity prevails. Scarcely more. than 20C1
Saltzburghers still remain with the Tyrolese insure
1 gents, and have rtjted tlia proffered aranesty.—.
t Travellers coming from. the Tyrol say, that in Ir..
Ispruck and the whole German Tyro!, great ware. ci:
provisions prevails, which in peaceable times tie: ia-
FRANCKFORT, JUNE 17. I habitants were wont to derive from Bevaria. .Aus-
trian engineers are fortifying the various passes of tha
felt
a courier from Vienna, of the Ilth inst. we are
informed that General St. Hilaire is dead of the ef-
Tyrol. The 700 workmen who were employed
the famous silver mines of Schwa; have been alnee•
fects of his wounds. On the day before his death he i
jall forced Iry the insurgents to take up arms. I'}..had written to one of his friends, informing him, that
number of 'Tyrolese in arms does not vexed 10,0faa
he hoped to be able to perforru new serylcei to his
country. . ; i
men; among whom may be seen old men of severer,
The Austrian troops which advanced by Bayreuth, t and lads of fifteee years old ; many of them are see"e:
with good musquets, others with fowlinsepiree,: eel -
have proceeded by Baraberg to the neighbourkood of ;
J •
Wurtzburgh. Wealthy citizens who decline joining the haute nth*,
are obliged to contribute money and victue!s.
Ras 23.—The Duke of Abrantes arrived here this
Vovalbergers hare above 8000 under arne- • • • '
l'he
day. His Excellency will take the command of the
•-, Lk,llslsUnt
army of observation on the Elbe. of peasants, chamois-hunters, and fowler,. .
The number of French troop; at Hanan amounts VIANILIIRoIi, JUNE 4.
to ten thriusand men. Infantry and cavalry are daily ea__ •
ene taro* is ip the Tyrol are returned ti, *heir
arriving. The junction of these reinforcements with.
frontiers. lhe Emperor of the French h: ordered
the troops commanded by the sing. of Westphalia ;
I an army of $0 or $5,000 men to act against thoNer.
will farm a large army, which will quickly drive into
therm parts of the Tyrol. However, the Bavarian
Bohemia the division of the General who calls him-
General Wrede has received orders to remain at
self Em-Endo. The old Elector of Hessia remains ,Lintz ; but we erect a division of the army of re_
prudently in the background at Prague, according to
, vi serve, who are transported in waggons from the en-
the Gazettes of that town. Ite is, however, . reported . rons of Menu to Augsburgir. Another French
by some wags, that he has concealed himself under , corps is corning from Italy to enter the South Tvroi
the tram it Em-Ende, which is really that of the 1 •
Austrian Cenci al who commands at Dresden. DT the premier mountains.
Jugx‘l3.—We leal n. this day, that his Majesty the VERONA, JUNE 8. .
King of Saxony has received, by a courier, the infer- The remains of General Chestellar's corpse, joineo.
matioa of the Austrian troops, who occupied part of by a number of insurgents, arrived in the beginni:lr4
Saxony, having begun their retreat towards Bohemia. of this month from Sterna ct and Steraingen, hy Treat,
They write trent %1 urtzburg that the Austrians have through the Puster Dole; into the Venetian territory,
also fallen back. I and exacted of the town of Bassano a contribution of
Every man of scree foresaw that a shameful flight 1100,000 lira, and put a large quaetity of cattle, grate,
would•be the only corerequence of these incursions ; Ste. in requisition,
and that the sole presence of a regular force would bll General Rusca was obliged to fall hack to Tr/-
sufficient to dissipate those gangs of deserters whose i vino; but now several corps of French and Italian
courage is equal only to the plunder of the public ! troops have moved from Mantua, Peseetiea, and Leg,
chest, and the pillaging of defenceless towns. I nano, to Trent, which, after effecting a jencl.:ea
Ares 25.—The Duke d'itibrantes left this place to- i with General Rusca, will be (Tabled to
,place tie.
day for Henan. i enemy between two fires, and force him to surrender.
The Austrians certainly entered Leipsic on the 22d. t—A considerable division of the army or reserve,
According _to the Erldag Ga2sete, an action was ! assembling in the plain of Marerr;o, near the ff..rre.:s
fought on the YOth between the French and Austrian: of Alessendria, has been ordered to march "ai.tainst
troops on the road of Bayreuth, between Wolfold and 1 Southern Tyrol, under the Orders of General erale
Wurgen. . 1 cischi. ,

,

, OFFICIAL ARTICLE.
In hi, temporary absence from his kingdom, Lis Majesty the
King of Saxony left the superintendence of hh internal affairs to
the Privy Council. The Privy Council, unacquainted with poli-
tical affairs, has, hoisrever, been guilty of an error in sending one
of its Nesctaries to the Emperor of Austria and the Archduke
Charles, for the purpose of making representations on the exac-
tions of the enemy in Saxony. His Majesty cannot help deflating
his marked disapprobation of a Measure so very improper, and
has determined to snake public, with all possible promptitude, his
(keided disavowal of it, in order to guard against the abuses which
might result front it.
AU S TATA N PROCLAMATION.
' (txreacr.) .
. " Inhabitants of Bayreuth!
" Ycor warm affection. and attachment to good order—your
great Zeal for the independence, the honour, and deliverance of
(krinaay, and your ardent wish to sec your fetrt.rs broken, and I ~
errr.ao papers to the 28th ult. Frenchto theCa
your farmer happy condition restored, ere already well-known. 1
You are Germans, as: only in name, but also in your sentiments . and :Dutch to the 2.41 instant, have arrived. Toth,
heir
and actions. You are in every respect worthy to be so,• aad to I
bear that name which so many of your brethren have disgraced. 1 contents are, however, of little importance, of whi}:a
By your privations, you prove that German feeling, Getman Fer- i oat Readers may take the 20th Bulletin as an t .
Severance, and German courage have not been extir:guished.—
rumple. In a former Bulletin we were told,: tha:
that Germany can still beast of its gallant sons, and has no rea- 1
son to fear that tki monuments of its glory should remain only i Prince EI:GF.SE, with his forces, was ip the centx oi.
au empty name. I Hungary ; in the next, he was left pursuing the fusi-
" Nehher bribes, nor the numerous lies purposely invented,
nor threats, have been able to shake your fidelity to your tive Archdukk Jons, on the road to Ccmorn and Pest;
country, or to render you forgetful of your duties. Foreign
chains have not been made.for you—you thwiain to wear the fet- . now we find the same army yet nearer the weaern
ters of slavery, and will never submit to the yoke of France, but I frontier of that province, investing the town of Raab.
will gallantly and assiduously resin, as hitherto, all her deceitful ,Ile appearance of a retrograde movement in this
premises; you will slew that yen can preserve your independ-
ence, and with that unubilben fortitude which constituted, in for- Bulletin is the unavoidable consequence./ the false-
mer times, a leading feature is the German character.
• hood and absurdity of its precursors. We haw here
" Never was a more just or sacred war waged than that in
which the Emperor my master, has been obliged to engage. Al- also again, the old story of the entrance of the Rut.
ready has the phantom of Napoleon's invincibility vanished. .
/ sans into Gallicia, recommended' to our agitation in
..On the ever-inemoi Ale days of the 21st and Mid of May,
he who thought binisclf invincible, sad who evens few days be- a new dress. • .
hire had had a gre.:t superiority over the Austrian army, and '
An
article in the putch papers, dated from Angst
had mu with no serious opposition from it, from this very army,
under the gallant command of his lmVerial Highness the Arch- burgh, states that the Duke of VALNY (KELLERMAN)
coke Charles, (he Generalissimo, has experienced a most bloody
has passed the Upper Danube, and that lie is hanging
and complete del at.- Mil GOD protect your just rights. With
the greatest confidence, inhabitants of Bayreuth, you may look upon the left wing, of the Austrian grand army.—
lonvurd to the most desireale issue of the present struggle.
" Head-quaattrs,Thiersheim, Lune ii, I SOP." This circumstance, if true, is a proof that NArtAtto m
BOHEMIA, JUNE 14.
does not think .it safe to hazarda battle till he ha..;
The Austrian accounts of the battles of the 21st called in the whole of his disposable reinforcements,
and 22d of May have new been published, and oc- and the insurgents will thus be permitted to gather
copy 25 pages in quarto. The strength of; the Ans.' stratzth, and to accumulate their means of annoy-
trian army in this battle is given in tilis account at I
103 battalions and 148 squadrons, er 75,000 men.—lance.
The Austrian artillery amounted to 238 pieces. The The Prague-Gazette of the 13th ult. represents the
Archduke Charles took his position at the head off people of Dresden as having received, the Austrians
the second column. The relation then proceeds to : with every expression of joy, shoutint,Lenz live rk•
detail the great strength of the villages of Aspern I E Frani: ! Loag live the dirtheistke-Charles ! -
and Elfingen, and the obstinacy with- which the con-1 n're'vr
test was carried on to obtain possession of the former,l The Tyrolese still inanifeat a formidable spirit of
which was of the greatest importance. - it resistance against the. French. , Austrian, Engineer.
, The contest was carried on in every street, in every . are employed-in fortifying the passes of the moan-
house, and in every barn. Waggons, ploughs, and tains, and the whole country ia.in arms. Those who
harrows, were to .be removed out of the way, under •
an incessant fire, in order to enable us to close with are unable from .age or infirmity to take an active
the enemy. It was necessary to dislodge the enemy part in the warfare, are compelled to furnish moor:-
from the church steeple, the high trees, the ground or necessaries. The Peasants are .armed -with muse
floors, and cellars, before we could call ourselves ,
masters of the place, and then this was of short du- kegs, fowling-pieces, knives and pitchforks. Symp.
toms of insurrection have also broken out in seeeril
ration. 'Scarcely had we got possession of one street, •
of one house, when the enemy stormed another, and
of the dependencies of the confederation of the Rbirs.
forced us to abandon the former. In this manner the 'On many occasions the troops of the German Prineei,
murderous fight continued for several hours on the when marching to join tho grand • French artily, have
21st ; the German battalions were supported by the : been fired upon. from the houses of the inhabitalg'-
Hungarians, and by the Vienna Volunteers. On the '
and attacked by s of Peasants in the fields.. -
2.2 d of May more than 4.00 cannon were in play on
both -sides, and, the oldest. soldiers never recollected I •
such J. fire. Aliore all, the Austrian Generals were t. Yesterday, about twelve o'clock, his MAJESTY Et-
at the head of their troops.' The Archduke. Charles • rived from Windsor, at the. Queen's Palace, -.veer
himself seized the colours of the battalion Von Zach, , he was received' by the Dukes of YORK, I>,ENTI C 1.7.-
,1 whichhegan to give way. Most of those around him BERLAND, and CAM/MIDGE. Soon after two o'cicc
were wounded ; his Adjutant-general, Count Col- , his MAJESTY held a Levee.
loyedd, had his head grated by a ball, which at first 4 The following had the honour of being przsen:ei
appeared dangerous, but the pressure of the hand of . to his MAJESTY :
his humane Commander restored him to feeling.
The Austrian army lamentl Lord HARILOWBS, upon his being treated an Earl, and i•rin
?hi eisfrthrea floitTd of Controul. .
the death of 87 sor : aPVat7l President.
Envoy Extraordinary and Mi.
officers, and 4.,199 subalterns and privates. Field-
inert
Isisterr.Potiltpsot°ettiary to the United States of America : he t
Marshals the Prince de Rohen, Dedotick, Weber, .leave of his Majesty previous to his leaving England.
and Freud, with several Generals, 663 Officers, and His MAJESTY gave audience to the. Lbrto CTi IN-
-15,651 privates were wour.dt:cl, of whom Field. Ma- CELLOS, Earls r --AUDEN, WESTMORI.AND, CUATtIAk.
shay Weber, e;elit Officers, and f4(.19 privates, 'wee and BATUURST I Lord MULCRAVE, Sir DAVID I.)oi-
mt4e prisoners by the enemy. i Das, and Messrs. PeatestatlCaNattatet, and RYDI.II.

LPNI.)9N.

1

TH'U'RSDAY, JULY 6.
PRICE OF STOCKS THISDAY AT OFF. OC.I acr.
Con,ols, for July evif —Raluccd 6alf—Osytnium j I pref..
F.schequir bills. Gs. Bs. pro.
Eadia Ends I SI. 9.0 e. 0.
Imp. 3 pir Conf. 6611
Ditto Ana. 7 5 16ths
Excloq, bills, 13, e!. pre,
1 State Lottery Tickets '-2.1 ii%.

Bank Stock
3 per Cent. RCS 63 3
3 per Cent. Cons. shut
4 per Cent. Bsl-
- Ann. Is; 11-16ths

.0.-
