TiItfitSDAY,.APRII. 22, 1.24,

RA?ISGATE AND BR9ADSTAIRS.

r IIE ROYAL SOVEREEGN STEAM-PACKET
Will nuke her first Trip for thig S::assin
-A- __

From the Cusron-!best Srwins, on the instant,
and corcinue running from London every WLPNE:SDAY and SATUR-
DAY Morning at Eight o'Clock, and ri:turn from Itanisgate.an
Motcnays and Ttintesu.evs, at half-past Scven precisely.
FaxEs—liest Cabin, 13A.—Fore (.7..hin, 10s. .
Children under Twelve Ye.irs Old, Six Shillings each.

The Proprietors will not be accountable for Luzgaze, or any Par-
cels taken by Passengers.•
N.B.—Passengers can get on board from Ramsgate Pier or land
there at ail times, without going into Boats, or they may be lauded
at, or taken on board off Broadstairs, Free of Expense.
A Female to attend the Ladies.---Refreshments,&c. on Board.
Fur further Particulars, and Tickets for the Season, apply at
No. 69, Lower Thames-street, Loudon; and at the Office, Nu. t,
Goldsmia-place, Ramsgate.
A fine slew Vessel caned TIIE my OF LONDON, of two
40 Horse power, on the most improved pi iacip!cs, will start about
the End of MAY. lirid continue running during the 'Sezt,on alternately
anti in conjunction with the Royal Sovereign,--due Noti:e of which
will be given in a future Advertisement.
April 17, 1824.

TWO nimulor.D FARMS,
(Titl)L-frec),
AT STANTON-UNDER,BA !WON, LEICESTERSII

lIELONGING TO 1115 MAJESTY.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Messrs. DRIVER,
At the Auction Mart, Landon, on FRIDAY, the '2 Ist day of May, at

Twelve o'Clock, in Two Lots,

By order of the Right Hon. Charles Arbuthnot, William Dscrei
Adams, and Henry Dawkins, Esqrs. Commissioners of hie Ma-
jesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and under the au-
thority of the Lords COUlilli*SiolleX3 of his Majesty's Treaf,ury,
AN Improvable FREEHOLD ESTATE, Tithe-free,
. and exonerated from the Laud.tax, most desirably situate
at Stanton.under-liardon, in the County of Leicester; a mile west
of the Turupike-road between Leicester and Ashby de la Zouche,
and about nine miles from those places: comprising a Farm, con-
taining a Farm-house, Barn, Cow-house, Stable., and other Build-
ings; and about SEVENTY ACRES of very good Arable and
Pasture LAND. In the occupation of Mr. John Webster, as
yearly tenant, at the very low annual rant of £69, and X 3. 3s. Bd.
in lieu of redeemed Land-tax.

And also another FARM of about rORTY-TIIREE ACRES,
with a rosin-house, and other Agricultural Building.. In the oc-
cupation of Jr. William Jarvis, as yearly tenant, at the low an-
nual rent of .e•ti3, and 12'2. in lieu of redeemed Land-tax.
Printed Specifications may be had at the Three Crowns,
ter; Queen's Ilead, Ashby de la Zouche ; Bull's Head, Luticihho-
rough ; at tke Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Itevnue,
hall-place ; of Messrs. Green, Pemberton, and Crawlo‘p, s,
Salisbury-square, Fleet-street; at the Auction Mart; aLu .1 of
Driver, Surveyors and Land Agents, at their Oiiice2, No. 13, New
Bridge-street, Blackfriars.

PUBLIC CUABITIES.

ST. MARGARET'S, wEs.rmiNsTrn.

The tenth Report of the Comruissioners for Inquiring
concerning Public Charities is about to he circulated
amongst the Members of the Ifnise of Commons. Like
the preceding Reports, it contains, amidst the bulky
mass of information, many matters of considerable
public interest; it also records many curious ineances
of the effects of intrusting otlieses for the time being
with the management of the property or fonds be•
queathed for 66 charitable purpte•es." inc Coennis-
sesners particularly advert to a charitable beyiest of
Ate I lent y Forest, in Ifi2s, for the benefit Of five poor
falleiless nod Motherless cliiithen in St. Margaret's,
Westminster, v.heie it appears t!!et parish officers
of former times had abseletely sold charitable I.ro-'
petty. We shall give the whole case, as nariiced by
the Pailiamentary Commissioners ; it follows : —" Mr.
henry F'oi test, by will, dated August 30, 1625, gave and
begneathed out of his houses and lends in Caenor.-roes,
Westminster, for ever, 101. a--year, to be received bv the
collectors of the Parish Church of St. Margaret, in ..,est-
ininster, and to be paid towards the maintenance of 6se
trout fatherless and motherless children 20e a piece every
half year, to help to bind them apprentices until they
be able to shift for themsels es in the world, and so to
ode rs after them ; and lot fell :assurance (' which pay •
meta, he entreated the masters and !An gesses ef the
said parish (for the city of Westminster) to be there pie-
sent.—Thi, annuity was sold to the Commiesioners for
building Westminster-En idgc, for 30'el. which money was
put into the parish stock." The Report continues, that
" there are miles respecting this chat ity in the wi a book,
to 1690, when, it is stated, the gift was inquired into,
and found to be applied according to the donnes e
Time is no trace since that time of the application of
the tent-charge, or of the interest of the money for
which it was sold. It does not appear that any appli-
cations have been made for the benefit of this chat ity,
nor, indeed. whether its existence is known in the palish.
It will he seen (the Commissioners fin ther remark) in
the course of this Report, that several other money
charities, as well as the produce of this of Forrest's,
e:ere put into the parish stock, instead of being invested
in permanent securities, and were mixed in the general
expenditure. The finances. of the Farish having fallen
some years ago into a state of embatrasment, not only
33 the principal of these charitable funds consumed,
but, in most cases, the payment of the interest to
the uses -appointed by the donors was discontinued,
and the charities were wholly suspended. We are
informed that this. embarrassment principally arose
from the charge of repairing the parish church, the
parishioners conceiving that they had no power to
raise money by a church rate, and the ordinary repairs
—notwithstanding.the grants of money which Parlia-
ment has been accustomed to make from time to time
for extensive repairs of this Church, when necessary—
having been a heavy charge on the general parochial
fund, &c. Upon occasion of repairs being wanted for
the church of St. John's parish (which originally formed
part of Sr. Margaret's parish), a mandamus was ob-
tained from the Court of King's Bench, in Easter Term,
in 1815, to compel tLe Churchwardens to assemble a
Vestry, to consider of and assess a church-tate. 13v the
relief thus afforded, and perhaps a somewhat more pru-
dent course of management, the parish funds are re.
presented to us to have been for some time in a pro-
gressive state of improvement, in consequence of which
the following Resolution was adopted at a Vestry
Meeting, on the c2.oth of June, 1820: .
6 It appearing that several sums which have been left
for charitable purposes have been expended for the use
of the Church, it is the opinion of. this Meeting that the
earliest opportunity of money coming to. the hands of
the Churchwardens, after payment of the debts due to
.
individuals;should be applied in forming some perma-
nent funds for the regular payment of the same, accord-
ing to the intentions of the founders.' It will be seen
(add the Commissioners) that the payment of several of
these charities (according to other parts of this Report)
has been resumed since the passing of this Resolution ;
but we do not find that any investment of capital has
yet been effecteJ."
This concluding sentence is full of meaning ; and such
statement, together with the Commissioners' general
description antl discoveries regarding Mr. Forrest's
Charity, may not be disadvantageously applied to the
many other important and valuable charities far which
this parish is particularly distinguished. This Repast
notices forty-four charities in this one parish of St. Mar-
garet, Westminster—twenty-seven of which charities are
under the management of the parish officers for the
time being, as well as Vandon's Almshouses, &c.

[PRICE SEVEN-PF.NCR.

united chivalry of the Christians near Nicopolis,bntwas
himself, in 1401, routed and made captive by the vic-
to. loos Tamerlane. The Turkish. power, though bt oken
by the Tartar, was, however, far from being subdued,
and rallied again on the death of Timour. Bajazit's
son, A rnitratli, again led the Ottomans :Apia,: the
enervated Chrittiani, an..l in 1444 routed die
garian forces, with great slang!,ter, near Varna. Ti-o•
de.aructi.in of the E stern Empire was completed I)
Maltomet 11. who, in 1456, stormed and took Constar.-
tinAple. The Tin kish E•npite was subsequently en-
larged, both in I;,arope, Asia, and Africa, by lialazPt 11.
and Skim and Sidyry:an I. In Asia, this barbarous em-
pii c still includes Cu: hoe countries of Syria, Anatolia,
track, Di if heck, Ktirdi,t4n, At rn.:nia, Room, and Kara-
mania. la A 'licit, the Octuin:ut holds Egypt, part of
Isln!Ua, and ltuca ; and the piratical States of
Tu;:is, and Alders, are under Tut kish pro:ection.

.SP A IN.

PRI V.l 'FE COIL ItESTONDENCI'.
:ARRID, APRIL `3

Count Boermont has set out to-lay for 'Nice°, to
meet their Majesties an the Plince,.., as he hers beret
created a Grandee of Sesein of the nrst class. In the
Council of Ministers at Aranjuee last Saturday, :he
Mioister of V'er ressie.ente.i to his Vejesty, that eiles
the most prompt neetstoes were tal:en for paying the
troops (who for tl-e last Eve Jays had not received the
pay necessary for their shyly support),he should resign,
not being able to answer tor the conseqceeces of a fur-
ther delay. In coase:Frence of this apacatiou he
brought 1-esk with hies an order to the Treasury,
re-
quiting t!rat no other disbursements whatever should
be paid, until after the sem necessary for the support
of the ti °cps had been drawn. Vs-!at a state for the
once ss ealthy Spain! she has but a handful of soldiers,
and even these she is not able to support. A fresh
and peremptory. demand has beets made for a report
of the amnesty, in consequence of which the execution
of the Royal order of epuration has been suspended,
though it had already passed the Council of Sate,
and was printed and circulated among the public.—
A singular change, lent whether sincere ur not is ano-
ther question, has taken place here; the Royali.es at
esent have nothing in their mouths but words of union
and reconciliation. This change of note has got into
the pulpit, for even the Capuchin Monks, echo but a
few clays ago exhorted their hearers to massacre the
Negroes, now anathematize any one who should dare to
think of such a crime. *filings have even one much
farther, for it is but a few minutes ago that I heard the
following bold assertion publicly pronounced in the pul-
pit. The preacher said—" Never has our King been so
truly deprived of his liberty ae he is at present," and he
terminated his Discourse by the following words—
" Let us go like good Spaniards, end deliver our King
from slavery. Let us henceforth farm but one body, let
there be no more distinctions of Blr'zncos y:Negroes. Let
us be all Spaniards, and faithful subjects of our King."
This change is as astonishing as it has been rapid, and
what is scarcely less surprising is, that no measures
should be taken to hinder such exhortatioes. The only
cause We can ienagine is the publication, in Spanish and
French, oldie Treaty of Occupation between the French
and Soanish Goverements, by one clause of which his
Most Christian Majooy reserves to himself the power
of withdrawing his troops before the Ist of July (the
term fixed for their stay), in case unforeseen circum-
stances should move him to do so' Don dnaqnim Elio,
brother of General Elio, put to death at Valencia under
the Constitutional regime, has just diel here of a pul•
monary complaint. Excesses and persecutions still con-
tinue with unabated *lour in the provinces, and seem
even to be on the increase. At Rode there are eighty-
seven Liberals, who are outraged and persecuted for the
amusement of the troops of the get rison, and this with
the full consent and encouragement of the Corregidor.
On Shrove Tuesday these uelottemate persons were led
out of prison, and asses' saddles being put on their basks,
they were delivered up to the insults and derision of the
populace. Comolainte of this brutal treatment were sent
to the Tribunal of Justice at Valladolid, upon receiving
.which, the President, O'Donnell, sent an Officer and
,twent; men to guard the prisoners from further insult;
but the populace, kiining themselves to the volunteers,
would not permit this detachment to enter the place,
and shortly afterwards the Corregidor absconded.—
The Tribunal of Jitetice then sent a remonstrance to his
Majesty, which is, 1 have been told by one who lead it,
the strongest that has yet been made against the Royal
volunteers. At Valladreicl this same M. O'Donnel has,
in consequence of the Royal Ordonnance, caused the
volunteers to lay down their alms, and has proceaded
to reolganize the battalions according to the conditions
of the said Ordonnance. The same has been done at
Guadalajara, and, on the reorgeoizetien, there were lint
nine individuals found admissible according to the terms
- of the Ordonnance—the,e tine refused to serve. Ott the
Ist of April, sonic volueteers, who were on guard at the
Castle of Corovoca (kin:..doin of Murcia), fineiug the
time hang heavy on thee hands, carved out a little -re-
creation for themselves, by cat sing the looms of their
four prisoners, and cuttir g their throats in bed I Great
pains are taken to persuade thy King to order away
from Toledo, during his Majesty's sojourn theme in Holy
I Week, his former Minister arid Con.essor, Don Victor
' Sae?.; but the King not accedieg to these solicitettitens,
all the Ministers deteimioed to go thither and keep
watch and ward over their precious charge. The ruses
regulation of the Polite, which requires that every sere
should furnish himself with a safety ticket, has eivel
rise to some extraordinary scenes at the Poliree!rireo
during which it is eot unfree-petit to hear the rri,et
lent imprecations against the people in potter.
oi.
ser.
noxious measure has furnished the stihic
which is-sung in ail the streets of i'dzid. I enelese
you the original of the smile.
•

a_ •
•
Monday being the A nuivef nn
sary of the Core of
hil'ili4st Faithful Itlit-lty Jolts' VI. Kiog of Portuzal,
Algarets; a solemn Te or hymn of t Isant:sr,iviqg to A um.: r
lion fur the AnhiverAary of his :%/a.r4y's Ut:ension to the 'Tare-e
of his ancestors, was celebrated at the rortuguese Chapel, ii Soil-N-
-.:Art.lA May-fair, There were preseit at the service, the n.
Spabish, I;avarian, 1:osAso, Trench, an .1 AmbAss.:Au:s.
T„,„ it„„,,n mowp., aiki a otralser of Clergymen, were
,Within the sanctuary: sIIU set vice WO say ialj ICsi:VC. Tac
crowJettliith fashionably.

V
