to make an appeal to your hearts, because, engaged in the
combat for the same cause, we have the same end, the same
intention ; it is the same sacred fire which inflames us and
unites us to you ; it is the same mind with which we are ani-
mated - we form with you a single family, with a single so-.
cial tie. Frenchmen! When sallying conquerors from the
struggle which yen have sustained against your sovereign,
you saw already several despots leagued for your
ruin, is it not then the Polish Insurrection
which should point to you the arrival of the time for
arresting the thousands of bayonets raised against you ?
Abandon not then our cause, for it is yours. Poland,
triumphant,will serve for your shield. We count not our popu-
lation, like you, by tens of millions—we fight not with an
enemy equal in force, like the Dutch and the Belgians : four
millions only of Poles have revolted against forty millions of
Russians. Pushed by the love of country, and the de-
sire to be delivered from oppression, we have not waited
for a longer time, we have groaned too long in chains. It is
only twenty days since we broke the yoke, and already sixty
thousand regular armed men, 160,000 militia, and two hun-
dred cannons are ready to receive the enemy. Your re-
volution is national, the nation proclaimed it as such by the
organ of the two Chambers. Our representatives have chosen
for dictator, for chief, a general formed in the school of Na-
poleon, and who will become the terror of soldiers accustomed
only to conquer Turks and Asiatics. The same representa-
tives have named a deputation to watch the exercise of the
absolute power of the dictator, and have then gene to take
their places in the midst of our numerous army, in fact, to
shed the last drop of their blood for the defence of our dear
country. We have neglected nothing to assure us the first
victory, and thus to give us the facility of delivering our
brothers the Lithuanians, the inhabitants of the Volhynia,
of Podolia, and the other provinces under the au-
thority of our tyrants. We shall see ere long our
ranks increased by all those who wish to throw
of the yoke. Russia must lose these Polish pre-
views, and their fourteen millions of population ; but to
hasten the moment of their deliverance, we have need of
your assistance, brave Frenchmen, succour us with your
gold, your credit, your mediation, your troops. The Prus-
sian armies have already charged their cannon against you ;
they wait but for the re-inforcements of Russia : it is we who
have alone retarded the Russians. You, now, may cut off
the retreat of the Prussians : without that, no more hoping
for re-inforcements, they will turn their arms against us,
and we shall be taken in the rear, when we shall have to
struggle against a menacing enemy, who, after having sub-
dued us, will smother that revolutionary spark with which
your country has inflamed Europe. Leave not Austria to
direct her bayonets against us, and if ever she wishes to stem
`us in the sacred defence of our rights, intimidate her, brave
companions in arms, by throwing yourselves upon Italy.
Frenchmen 1 succour us ! Have not the Poles always
partaken of the different vicissitudes of your fortune ? Have
you not seen our legions in Italy? Have we not followed
you to Saint Domingo, to Egypt ? Did we abandon you,
when cold and famine chased you in the North ? Have
not the Poles been in Spain, in Germany, beyond the Rhine,
in Elba Did they not lose their General at Leipaick ?
Everywhere Polish blood has flowed in torrents for the cause
of the French, and Polish bones, scattered in all parts of
the world by the side of the bones of Frenchmen, will cry
aloud for us : Succour then a nation of brothers ! Succour
your faithful allies with your blood, with your gold, with
per mediation. The hour of our regeneration is so=l
the time is arrived for the Despot of the North to
his power crumble. Let not this opportunity escape: all
Europe seized with fright, at the mere name of Russia holds
forth to you her suppliant arms. Europe trembles lest hordes
of Asiatic savages should come and bivouac upon the banks
of the Odor, the Elbe, the Rhine, or the Seine. With the
regenerated Gallic Cock,treading under his feet the lily, aid
the White Eagle, to tear out the entrails of the Black bird
with two heads."

England under the Whigs. " After Wellington, we saw
quit the English ministry Peel, Bathurst, Aberdeen, and
141 the partisans of the policy of the Holy Alliance. We
were rejoiced at that event, by which was frustrated the plot
framed by Austria, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Portugal, Charles
the Tenth, and the King of Holland, for oppressing, by
forte and cunning, the various changes worked by the late
revolution in France and Belgium. But our joy was of short
duration ; it was changed into surprise and grief, when we
saw enter the ministry the Greys. the Broughams, the
Lanedownes, the Melbourne., and their train ; in one
word, the Whigs, that is to say, the English doctrinaires!,
How, we say—bow are the English people to be de-
livered from the slavery and misery under which
they groan, if those who are called to relieve them
are the very men who are personally interested is
prolonging their misfortunes, and who, by their fahe
theories of political economy have the more contributed te
rodeo* the masses to indigence and push them to despeirf
In fact, in respect to interior policy, the Whigs were shrugs
mere the enemies of the people than the Tories; both figured
equally upon the lists of pensions, sinecures, in the Army
and Navy, the Tribunals, the India Company and the Bank.
Every time there has been agitated in Parliament any popular
measure, such as the introduction of corn and the abolition
of indirect taxes, the Whigs have been more furiously op-
posed to it than the Tories. It was the Whigs, and pre-
Iliedy those who are placed in the front rank of the Ministry,
who, both within and without Parliament, have spread
the most fatal errors of economy which favoured the
beeping of capital and real estates into a few hands,
to the great prejudice of agriculture and honest com-
merce, and which, by financial monopolies, commer-
eial and manufacturing, rendered hurtful the inven-
des of machinery, by which there is an alleviation of la-
bour, in place of diminution of salaries. These facts, which
no person dare contradict, will cause to be received with mis-
trust the promises by which the new Ministers seek to ren-
der favourable public opinion. This mistrust is justifiable.
Since two months Wellington has disappeared, and nothing
has been done for the profit of the people ; the dispositions
adopted by the new ministry, are those to embitter their fate,
and prolong their suffering. They do not dream of abolish-
ing or diminishing the indirect taxes, which are the princi-
pal cause of the universal misery ; and whilst they make a
great noise about a small reduction in some of the inferior
salaries, we believe they have added to the public expenditure
by augmenting the army, already numerous, in England
the most unconstitutional institution, and of which the pub-
lic interest demands the reduction. The end of all this is,
that would employ bayonets to stifle the complaints of
all the of unfortunate beings who, pushed on by
despair, have raised their voices, that they may at last be
assured the price of their sweat, and a proportionate meow
pence for the advantages which they procure to those who
are enriched by their labour. The new Ministry have
maintained and augmented that detestable Gendarmerie, craf-
tily established by Peel in contempt of the precious right
enjoyed by the Eeo&., of having their property guarded
azingrphland ammanded by the uniapal .
unirsoally abhorred m ,
especially bodysince This
it has
been spread in the mon to give chase to the mammy
peasantry. Cabbie*, Wlls, and other popular writers
are accused of high treason. because they have
taken upon dmorsivas is MOW the rigid. width thei:
claim withso mob *Os. Notwitbsindisg. die
