FRANCE.

. •

fl~l

,

4
~::

-t ”.r;

k

By the Spanish Papers to the 16th inst. and the
French Papers of Friday, we have a mass of intent t
ing information relating to Spain. They are impor-
tant insomuch as they prove that the mutinous at-
tempt of the Guards to effect a Counter-Revolution
was not an insulated enterprise, but that it was con-
nected with a general plan, prepared by foreign in-
trigue, and intended to break out at once on so great
a variety of points, as to compel the Constitutionalist s
to divide their forces, and leave them no main body
to resist the approach of a regular army. In its eager-
ness to give the most favourable colouring to the
affairs of the Royalists, the Qstotidieane betrays the
existence of a conspiracy. It shews that if insurrec-
tions have manifested themselves in numerous places,
they all did so at one and the same period, corres-
ponding with the rebellion of the Guards, and before
its issue could possibly be known. Such regularity
could not be the effect of chance ; it was the work of
design, and as the rising was instantaneous, so will
have been their downfall on learning that the Guards
had been defeated, the authors of the plot exposed,
and that the KING himself had become the active
prosecutor of those, who, if they did net act under hi
positive orders, were proceeding in the execution of
their dark machinations with his privacy and appro-
bation. It seems that the intention was to carry him
off to the Pyrenees, whence he would have re-entered
Spain at the head of the French army, miscalled, at a
time when 41 contagion has long ceased to exist, a
sanitary cordon. Madrid still remains tranquil ; aid
the intelligence from the Provinces is favourable.!
The insurgent Carabineers who entered Puerta Real,
did not stop there for fear of being surrounded ; it
seems that they have proceeded towards the moun-
tains of Toledo, where they will not be more secure.
Advices were daily reaching Madrid, from the most
distant provinces, of the good spirit of the troops, and
the resolutions of the people in favour of the present
order of things.
The recent events in Spain prove that the Spaniards
are a great people ; in almost every other country in
Europe, popular commotion leads to outrages on pri-
vate property ; but this was not the case in Spain; the
triumphant party never abused their success; and it
must be said in favour of the defeated Guards that in
their flight they committed no excesses, nor were/hey
guilty of any plunder or rapine in their route, or on
the unarmed peasants among whom they took up
their quartets.

•

SPAIN.

The Pads Journals of Thursday and Friday have
been received, The discussion of the Budget still
continues, in the Chamber of Deputies, to give rise to
much political and even personal animosity.
On Wednesday, the charges of the :Foreign Mi-
nistry being moved, a warm debate ensued on the
situation of the Peninsula.
General Foy, in an eloquent speech, often interrupted by
plaudits on the one side, and murmurs on the other, called upon
the Ministry to beware, lest their conduct in Spain should pro-
duce the same effect as the Manifesto of the Duke of Brunswick
in France. The lot of the southern nations of Europe, he main-
tained, would have been very different, bad France, the reign-
ing family of which was allied to those of Spain and Naples,
frankly and nobly placed itself at the bead of a confederation
of Constitutional States. It was the duty of Constitutional
France' to prove to other nations, that a Representative Govern-
ment, faithfully carried into effect, was the form best adapted to
reconcile the dignity of the Prince with the libetty of the People.
Instead of this, the Ministry of France had opposed the rise of
freedom, and endeavoured to create confusion on the other side
of the Pyrenees. He would not, he said, speak of the 7th of
July---ite IPOuld not speak of the sending of chests of money or
eases of flails to the North of Spain—he would not call attention
to the euencidence which existed between the revolt at Madrid
and the appearance of Quesada's bands on the frontiers. Other
facts would furnish a proof that the Ministers of France were
responsible for the blood which had been shed in the capital and
on the frontiers of Spain. Under the false and ridiculous pre-
text of a cordon sanitaire, they have assembled a real army. If
the yellow fever bad been the cause of this movement, would
the precautions have been multiplied exactly eight months after
the fever had ceased? Why do we receive every day, for seve-
ral months past, from officers and soldiers of the cordon sonitaire,
letters which announce that the order for passing the frontier is
hourly expected? Do you believe that the mutineers of the
Prado would have executed their criminal projects if they had
not been promised assistance from France? But the mass of the
Spanish nation is moderate, and strong, because it is unanimous.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. de Moeratoaaricr, replied
to General For at great length, and with considerable asperity
denied that the oordon sanilaire was established for any other
purpose than what its name indicated.
On the following day the debate was resumed,when
NI. Baaeszroua attacked the Ministers with great severity as
to the proceedings now taking place in France, under the name
of re-establishing religion. The present Ministry (he said),
after having given so many examples of fraudopf deception, of
chearing—after baying outraged so seriously public morality and
religion, which both rest on justice and good faith—this same
Ministry demands from us large sums for the re-establishment of
this religion-(Murmon on the right.= Order 1') Do they think to
succeed by vain external ceremonies, by the building of churches,
the endowment of Bishoprics, the foundation of seminaries)—
Of far greater avail would it be to give an example of the vir-
tues of probity, of justice, than to seek to persuade us,. as was
the custom in " the good old times," that a bad action—that a
crime shonlel be bought off by the founding of a church, or the
endowing of a Monkery. We shall soon have more Priests
than soldiers, and we shall assuredly not be the more virtuous
on that account. Already sixty thousand cover the soil of
Viaisce, and yet they dare complain of their insufficiency, of
their scarcity ! More than four hundred religions houses
seople our towns, and they are every day sought Co be increased.
I do not examine whether this crowd of priests, monks, and
noes, is sufficient ; What I know is, that these men and their
auxiliaries live at the expense of those /oho work, of the useful
etas► of society, to which they give in exchange catechisms which
contain, in so many words, the obligation of paying tithe and
obeying the Seigneur.—(Murmurs on the right. On the left, It
is true.')--Primary instruction is only set down in the Budget
at 50,000 francs, while to nuns, monks, &c. is given 1,205,100
francs. The seminaries (of Jesuits) cost 940,000 francs ; the
parsonages 200,000 francs, besides what the Communes pay.—
These parsonages are often superb houses; the Commune is
ruined tolodge the pastor sumptuously—(Murmurs on the right).
The State pays for ecclesiastical buildings 2,200,000 francs, not
to speak of what it costs the Communes."
The Constitutionnel contains an account of the pro-
ceedings in Math id previous to the 7th instant ; and
states, that on the 3d an Address was presented by
forty Deputies to the President of the Permanent De-
putation of the Cortes, in v Mich they say :
" The undersigned only see two means of saving the country,
and they beg the Permanent Deputation to employ them. The
first is, demand that his Majesty and his Ministers shall range
themselves by the side of the loyal citizens ; the second, in case
of their refusal, to declare them in a state of captivity, and to
provide for the public administration by the means pointed out by
tution. If the Deputation does not accede to this do.
undersigned, protest in lace of their constituents, that

On the 14th inst. the KING appointed a Special
Military Cemmission, composed of the Officers of the
garrison and the volunteer militia, to try the authors
and accomplices of the late revolt. The Commission
immediately commenced the most active investiga-
tion. The accused were divided into four classes:—

1. The Officers; 2. The soldiers taken whilst firing;
3. The soldiers taken arms in hand ; and 4. Those
arrested without arms. The Commission had in-
formed the militia that it hoped to conclude its pre-
paratory labours in three days. •

Numerous Addresses and Petitions are presented to
the KING and to the Ministers, soliciting the prompt
and complete purification of the King's Household.
One Petition, signed byi 343 patriots, and supported
by the Municipality, demands, first, that the militia
should remain in a state of war, until the authors of
the insurrection should be punished ; 2dly, that all
the individuals composing. the Household of the
King and the Princes should be exiled from Madrid,
and replaced by others.
The arrests and banishments continue in great
number. Besides the Duke del INFANTAPO banished
to Badajoz, and the Marquis de las AMARILLAE to
Grenada, Lieutenant-General the Marquis of CAS-.
TELAR had been exiled to Carthagena, Lieutenant-
General Count de CASSAMA to Valencia, Field Mar-
shal D. T. LONGA to Badajoz, Brigadier D. J. SAN-
CHEZ CISNEROS to Avila, and six other Military and
Civil Officers, of high rank, to Grenada. The number
of Royal Guards taken prisoners amounted, on the,
11th, to 1223, but 300 more had been brought in by
the 15th. Those who had not been overtaken had
surrendered themselves to the Alcades of the neigh-
bouring villages, to avail themselves of the amnesty
which had been proclaimed. The subscription opened
to assist the wounded soldiers of the garrison, and
the families of the Guards killed in the action, had

Z



s

arrived at
- •
Proiefeoliiplefely successful ; snot it is ecru: There had also been a fortress carured by
.they ate ram respoistUtle far the nth vtldels ace *band, sad the Turks,
which matt increaser cumstance, that the British Chstircirkibires shoold The Prince of PDItalA was at Avian.
An Article from Colmar, in the Peen& Papers, be a liberal conttibutdr to the on of 3QOO reals The Spanish 'hip Velca Mariana,
dated July 19, says—The parties accused before the (£5O). On this subject the U "
,sap— rvannah the 16th of June, 19 days from Vera Cruz,
Court of Assize of being implicated in the pint of "As soon as the AmbassadOPit land transrnit• and sailed again the same day fur Cadiz, haeirg
Main
his asserted
escape tbtt
Belfort, hare just -cited as witnesses members of the ted his 3000 reels, as a subscriplion to the wounded board General Caw. six Offices% fifty soldiers, and
Jury, who know nothing of the accused, or their of the day of the 7th, the Municipal Body of Madrid fifty citizens passengers.
conduct. The object of this rnanceuvie is to get rid expressed to the Secretary of Embasty, who was LITTER PROM CORAceA, DATED JUNE It -
n from thstho made of those members of the Jury who are not acceptable charged with the commission, their lively gratitude "
By accounts
to the accused; and as the Jury to this ease must be at so decided a step in favour of Spanish liberty on the
Spanish General Morales, sv it is
completed by those citizens competent to serve on the part of the Representative of the English nation, with about 900 men after his defeat, and by his 0„
juries who reside at Colmar, on whom tie lot may wbo, in his quality of citizen of tree country, could account is cooped.up 4n a legodn iiith his handful
fall, we understand that many of these,persons, sus- not fail to unite in all things with the enemies of of troops, writes as follows,:—! In four or five days
petted by the accused, in consequence of their poli• slavery, who, without distinction of country, form I shall march for the capital, iiioi-der to punish tllcEe
tical opinions, have also been cited as witnesses. It one family spread over the'earth. The English Pleni- vagabonds; _meaning the army of the Patriots, which
is true, that the Article 383 of the Criminal Code potentiary has proved to the Spaniards that be is has achieved so compleat a victory over him. This
provides, that no person shall be sworn on the Jury worthy of the nation to which he belongs." gasconading we de not give credit to."
and actually a witness in the same proceeding. But, It does not appear that the other Ambassadors have
it may be asked, where would the Jury be, if the Mi- joined in this act of humanity. There are even some
nistry were to resort to the same expedient as the diplomatic agents seriously suspected of a directly
accused, and to cite as witnesses all those to whom opposite conduct.
the accused might not object? A list has been published of the names of all the
Faslica Fussy, JULY 20.—Five per Cent. Consols opened at militiamen who have 'offend in the late events.-
91f. 35c.—Lowest, 91f. isc.—Clued at 9)L 23c. There have been three killed and 38 wounded.
The Portuguese General who commands en the
frontier of the Province of Alen-Tejo, has offered to
march in favour of the Spanish Liberals. This pa-
triotic offer has been received with gratitude. The
cause of the two countries is the same.
The Ktso-has changed many of the Officers imme-
diately about his person, and is thus likely to recover
his former situation in the public confidence. The
Marquis of SANTA Citrz entered on his office as Di-
rector of the Royal Household on the morning of the
14th. "It is said," adds the Universal, " that the
persons attached to the ICING', household have re-
ceived notice that great reforms were intended, and
that the past conduct of many of the Royal servants
had endangered the honour of the KING, and the
security of his Royal house." The Political Chief of
Madrid, who had tendered his resignation to his MA-
aRSTY on the Bth, had been requested to continue his
functions till the public tranquillity was completely
restored, and had consented—.an answer to the calum-
nies published against him by theultra liberal Journal.
The triumph of the Constitutionalists in Spain, the
tranquillity which continues to reign in the capital of
that kingdom ; and, above all, the abortive efforts in
the Provinces to overturn the Constitution, must be
matter of as deep chagrin to those ultra Journalists
of France and England, as it is of sincere gratifica-
tion to all who wish well to the cause of liberty. In
vain have they endeavoured to excite the People of
Spain to revolt ; in vain have they foretold the mas-
sacres and burning which were to visit Madrid after
the 7th of July—all is still tranquil,, and the Go-
vernment is strengthening its power by its wisdom
and moderation.

Yesterday, at two o'clock, a ti;abinet Council was
held at the. Foreign Office, which was attended by the
LORD CHANCELLOR, the Earl of IV isTMOR La xD, Mr,
Secretary PEEL, the Duke of WauxiiicToN, Viscouaz
SIDSIODTD, and five other Members of the Cabinet,
who continued in deliberation till past dime o'clock.
Saturday Karl BATHURIST had an audience of the
KIND ; and yesterday the Loan CH.NCELLOR had an
audience of his MAMMY.
The Duchess of LiLoucesrea visited the KING
yesterday.
Yesterday his MAMMY, the Duke of Yorte, and
"the Princess Aucurra, attended Divine Service as
Chapel Royal, St. James's.
The Highgate Chapd job is at last given up. The
Bill was abandoned tin Friday in the Committee.
Yesterday, at two o'clock, the Duchess of Gtcv-
CUTER, the Duchess of KENT, the Princess A UGUsf.4,
and the Princess SOPHIA, honoured the Lail aril
Countess of HARRINGTON with a Tisk at their te,l.
deuce, in the King's Palace, St. James's. The Duchess
Of KENT was accompanied by the Princess IFEocr.,-,
and the Princess VITTORIA. The Royal Pal ty were
entertained with an elegant dejeune. Soon after fulr
o'clock they separated.
The Earl of HARRINOTON entertained a select party
to.dinner yesterday, at his hou;e in the Stab,e-;.ari,
St. James's.

A Dutch Mail reached us this forenoon, bringing
Papers to the 27th instant. Thts contents are un-
important. An article from Curasoa, dated the 30th
April, states, the extraordinary drought and strong
South-east winds, which have been so injurious for
the last two years, still continue, although a partial
relief had been felt by an unexpected shower and a
South-east wind, on the 13th March, a phenomenon
never before heard of at that season of the year.

The Earl and Countess of SEFTON entertaires!
distinguished party to dinner yesterday, at their 1,(-1 e
in Arlington-street.
Lord BIiRWICIC had a large party to dinner on
=day, and another party yesterday, at his house la
Grosvenor-square:.

Shugbormigh, the seat of Viscount ANSON, has been
'visited during the last fortnight by many (.; :a. Lord.
ship's distinguished friends and relations, among
whom were—

The Dowager Viscountess Anson, and Miss Coke, of X.r.
folk, Mrs. and Miss Coke, of Longford, W. Coke, Esq. :%1.!)
Rev. Mr. Oakover, the Hon. E. Anson, the Hon. Henry yd
William Attson, don. J. Talbot, Lord Ingeatrie, &c. .
—The Birth-day of Viscountess ANSON being on
nesday, was celebrated with great festivity by a rw.t.
numerous company.

This forenoon we received a Flanders Mail, bringing
Papers to the 26th inst. The following are extracts :

BRUSSELS, JULY 25.

Owing to the showery state of the weather sc
day, the shew of pedestrian belles in Hyde Palk
Kensington Gardens was limited. In the cane
costume simple white dre,ses atid small bonnc, it;.l
the ton. It is quite supi prising how general ti;ea-
briolet is become ; and we never saw so great arms.
ter of barouches as this season has produced. 'l;.e
line yesterday was to Cumberland-gate.
Mr. and Mrs. MITCHELL entertained a select part.
of friends to dinner on Saturday, at their house in
Charles-street, Berkeley-square.
An elegant party of. Fashionables took an aquatic
excursion on Saturday above Richmond, and partook
of an excellent cold collation. After a delightful day
passed on this beautiful part of the Thames and sur•
rounding country, the party principally returned in
their carriages, among whom were Lord Bunrono
and the Ladies BKAUCLERK, Lady and Miss Tria-
-1 LOPE, Miss HODGSON, Messrs. FOLEY," RUSSELL, LOCK,
ANGIIRSTEIN, &C.
His Royal Highness the Duke of SUSSEX Still vr•
tinues confined to the sofa. The tendon in his rt:
foot was not broken, but the effect of the strain w I
remain, it is feared, for a long timr.
The Earl of MOUNT EDGCUMBE is slowly recover.

Several couriers have passed through this city
within these two days ; among them were two English
from Hanover to London, one Russian from St.
Petersburgh to London, and the others from Paris to
the Hague. Lord and Lady Dundas have arrived at
Brussels from Calais. His Royal Highness the Duke
of Gloucester arrived yesterday from Spa, and set
out this morning for Ostend. The Antwerp Journal
states that the greater part of the gunpowder lately
stolen (which circumstance caused so much uneasiness
in that city), has been recovered in a neighbouring
village, and five of the robbers taken.

ing from the effects of a broken limb, occasioned .y!
his Lordship falling over a firescreen.
The Lady of Sir JOIIN HARRINGTON, who has heel
ill for six months, left town with amended heal:::, 011
Saturday last, for Bognor Rocks.
The Dowager Countess of STAMFORD, who has
been long indisposed, we are happy to cute, is better.
VAUXHALL.—This elegant place of resort contin;:es
to be Visited by numerous distinguished Fashionab:e,.
In the course of last week were present the folloWinZ—
Earl of Westmorland, Earl of Sefton, Lord Alv3nley, 31.'-
ehioness of Liuudown, Countess of Blesinton, Lord ncrestotJ,
Lord Huntington, Lord A. Hill, Sir David and 0017-.
Lady Isabella Turner, Sir Henry Torrens, Drake,
"Wykeham Martin, Lady Wilder, Lady Westme,,th, Miss IY:t6
can, Miss Owen, Major and Mrs. Nolken, John Boum Es} '
Miss Fitztlarence, Hon. Charles Talbot, Dr. and Mrs. IL:,
Captain Turner, Mr. Phillips and family, Mr. and M.
shall and family, Dr. Wollaston and family, Mr. Boswell. )1.
Rogers and family, Puts. Steward and family, Mr.
Heath and family, Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton, Mr. and :: •
nell, F. Manning, Esq. Sir Wathen Waller, tieneri
Sir George Warrender, Hon. Mr. Stanhope, and the Jl. ••••
Ambassador.
That inimitable piece Gil Blas, has been choto
the subject of the new Opera about to he pi o.i.ucci
at the English Opera House; and from its va:,e:,•
life, and character, we should suppose that an ecre'
rienced Dramatist would be able to construct a 1`,4
of extraordinary interest. The present is said to h`
in five acts, and to display the different ages of ':/
hero by means of different performers. Miss Katy
as the Lad 1 PamtmAN as the Young Ain't ;
BARTLEY, as Gil Blas, at an adranced stage c:' • 'l.l
and the period of time that the Opera is to ci,cu,,!-
supposed to be 35 years. The very clever autla,:ici
MA Tit Ews's last entertainments (The widow
and Stories) are reported to have employed tr."
talents on this subject.
The Monthly Magazine, to appear the Ist 4tift.'4l
will contain tull details of the System of
Water by Boring ; and also a tine View and a DC-
scription of the magnificent Suspension Bridge :woo
the Tweed.
Saturday morning, between two and three 0. dock,
the house of Mr. LAURIS, No. 53, Fleet-street, w•l'
entered by thieves, and property to a large :inlouni
taken away.

the Consd
mand, the

THE ICING'S VISIT TO SCOTLAND.

FROM THR RDINIOROR STAR OF FRIDAY..

The most active preparations continue to be made
here for his DlAJzstv's expected visit.
Three of his MAJESTY'S carriages, and a quantity
of stores, arrived at Newhaven this morning from
London, per the James Watt.
. .
Wednesday, the Town Council appointed a Com-
mittee to make the necessary arrangements for the pro.
per reception of his MAJESTY. It is now finally resolved
on, that the banquet to be given to his MAJESTY, by
the Magistrates and Council, will be in the Parlia-
ment House. We believe it is isaderstood his MA.
JESTY will proceed, in the 'first place, to the Advo-
cates' Library, which to be splendidly illuminated,
and from thence to the banqueting room, upon which
at present there are a great number of workmen em-
ployed by Mr. TROTTER, and which will be taste-
fully and elegantly decorated. The preparations
likewise it the Palace are going on with amazing
alacrity, and which, we observe, will soon be lighted
up with gas. The improvements at Dalkeith Palace
are also prosecuted with great rapidity, and we un-
derstand a new carriage way is making from opposite
the new entrance to the Palace, across the field to the
gate of Melville Castle. It has been proposed to have
the road between Dalkeith and the. City lighted up,
and it was surveyed yesterday by a lamp contractor
for that purpose.

Preparations are busily making throughout the
City, both by public bodies and individuals, for a
general iilumination, which is expected to continue
for several nights, and to be the most brilliant and
magnificent that ever took place in this City.

The Faculty of Advocates met on Tuesday, and
appointed a Committee to prepare an Address to his
MAJESTY, and to consider whether any and what
farther marks of profound respect and loyalty the
Faculty have it in their power to exhibit.
A beautiful medal has been designed to be struck
in gold, silver, and bronze. The obverse has been
cut, by a young artist of this City, who has succeeded
in forming a most striking likeness of his MAJESTY.
The reverse is in progress, and is a representation of
Scotia presenting the Scots Crown to his MAJESTY;
the Castle is happily chosen as the place whence the
allegorical figure has come, and the KING stands in
an upright posture, with his back to Holyrood House.
Mr. MURRAY has commenced his alterations and
decorations of the Theatre Royal. A new entrance
is to be made to the Royal Box by the present Box
Office door.

His MAJESTY'S horses, which left London on Friday
last, are expected at the Duke of BuccLeumes stables
in the course of next week : the Caledonian Hunt
stables at Dalkelth are reserved for the horses of his
Grace the Duke of Mosmose, his MAJESTY'S Lord
Chamberlain.

The Earl of ERROL, and the Misses FITZAARENCE
pasted through Sheffield on Wednesday week, and
visited several of the cutlery manufactories in that
town. The Noble Earl is Hereditary Lord High
Constable and Knight Marshal of Scotland.
I'arliament will, if possible, be prorogued on• S-
aturday next; but Tuesday se'nnight, is considered as
the latest date to which the Session will be prolonged.
Lady GWYDYR has a Grand Party this evening, at
her house in Piccadilly.

" It will scarcely be credited, by those who have no
means of knowing the circumstance, that there are
from One Hundred to One Hundred and Fifty Thou-
sand English and Irish people of property living in dif-
ferent parts of the Continent. • Whole towns are ab-
solutely peopled by them. In Paris, the nuke of
HAMILTON, with the Earls of STAIR and FIFE, at an
expense to themselves of £lOO,OOO per annum, lead
the fashion to about 20,000 English persons, of a
mixed character, at Versailles. Mr. ROBERT WIL-
LIAMS, the Member for Carnarvonshire, with his
numerous and amiable family, and several titled per-
sons, have, for some years, taken up their residence
in the neighbourhood of Geneva. There are 1500 fa-
milies, with the Duke of LEEDS at their head, the
Marchioness of Bum and many distinguished No-
bles of both sexes, at Rome. Lord Bvitou is at Ve-
nice. Lord MONTFORD has lived some time near
Bourdeaux, surrounded by about 2000, one half ofl
whom are small fundholders, and one half Irish, of
£3OO to £.4400 per annum, when they can get their
xents.paid. At Tours, there is a select corps of about
4000, who pride themselves upon their family con-
nections in the United Kingdom. At Boulogne there
are 6000 4000 of whom are entitled to some
compassion being half-pay Officers, who cannot live
uithout wine. Prince LEOYOLD expends his £50,000
-a-year among his German cousins. At Brussels, the
English and Irish congregate; and there is scarcely
a town or village in France, the Netherlands, Switzer-
Lod, and Italy, in which they are not to be found."—
Dublin Paper.
DUELS.—Saturday, a meeting took place on Black-
r heath,. between Captain C. of the Royal Navy, and
Lieutenant D. of the Army. The former was at-
tended by Captain O'G. and the latter by Lieutenant
• S. Lieutenant D. received Captain C.'s fire, and dis-
charged his pistol in the air, when the affair terminated,
A meeting tool( place at Boyle, on Tue,day
morning, between EDWARD M‘DERMOTT, Esq. of
Roscommon, attended by JAMES LYNCH, Esq. and
DENNIS O'CONNOR, Esq. of Willsbrook, attended by
J. M. MiDosiNsi.c, Esq. The first fire proving in-
effectual, the parties were provided with second pis.
tots, on the discharge of which both Gentlemen were
severely wounded—Mr. O'Cossrotta's ball having
passed through the left pectoral muscle, lacerating a
considerable branch of the thoracic artery, which
caused a great effusion of blood : Mr. M•Denmorr's
ball entered the covering of the abdominal muscle.
A turn-out has taken place amongst the operative
spinners in Stockport.

. • -a
• ,

• .

TNE. ARMY.
4 ee-
•Tw9 troops at the
_IW/bowler& et Mlle* un-
der tbe mainland of litlehlallitil4lllllllll white they are
to be joined 17 other tien troll* filen ehtenow, who WM form
the H Guard of tat lia.nerry, along With four Com-
panies of Infan, nettrOops of the Greys Mee arrived at
Piershlll, and theoremaindir will continue in. Glasgow, until they
are relieved by the 7th Dragoon Guards, now on their iamb
from Manchester.
Three troops of the 3d Dragoon Guards are on their March
from Newcastle, 'to join the head-quarters of the Regiment at
Plershfli Barracks.
The Royal Mid Lothian Cavalry are under orders to hold
themselves in readiness for the eeriest of his Maressv. They
are to be quartered in Edinburgh.
Shealy after his Mauves arrival In Edinburgh, there will
be a grand Cavalry Review, consisting of the Greys, 3d Dra-
goon Guards, the Royal Mid Lothian, and the Ease and West
Lothian Cavalry corps.
Saturday se'nnight the Yarmouth Yeomanry Cavalry, com-
manded by Sir E. K. Lwow, Bart. completed their six days
training in that town ; during which period their steady and sol-
dier-fike conduct gained them the approbation of every one.
The last division of the Royal Marine Artillery, tinder the
coma and of Sir R. Wualitxs, K.C.B. is to.embark on board
his Majesty's ship Active, fur Chatham on the Ist of August
next, *here it is said they will only remain a few months, until
the barracks at Deal ate prepared for them.
Tuesday morning, the first division of the 57th Regiment
marched from Limerick for Fermoy.
The .57th are replaced in Limerick garrison by the 42d Royal
Highlanders.
The 42d are replaced in liathleale by the Rifles, from Neer::
castle.
•••
'Tuesday, a detachment of the 39th replaced the Rifles,it.
Abbey feale.
GEOIIOIII CHATMAN, Req. of Limerick, is appointed Ordnangar
Storekeeper at Athlone.
• ..
MILITAIRT PUNISHIMINT.--.Abollt three weeks since, John ',lle-
ne', a private in the 2d Regiment of Foot, then lying at Hull,
received 300 lashes for refusing to give evidence against a person
who had stolen.a silver spoon from the Officers' mess-room.
Soon after the corps received a route for Ireland, when this un-
fortunate young man was conveyed on a baggage waggon toYork,
where it was found necessary to admit him into the hospital;
there be received the utmost kindness and attention, sod the best
medical treatment; but no human means could preserve his life
—his constitution was entirely broken, and in a few days he
expired, in the 22d year of his age. An Inquest was held on the
body, and adjourned until Monday. The verdict has not yet
been published. —Carlisle Journal.
hi I L ITA ICY • PROMOTIONS.
WAR-OFFICE, JULY 26, 1822.
Ist Regiment of Dragoons—Lowther Augustus Juhn Lord
Muncaster,to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Webb, promoted.
9th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Lieutenant Benjamin C.
Browne to be Captain, by purchase, vice D'Eate, promoted
in the 11th Foot ; Cornet Richard Wright to be lieutenant,
by purchase, vice Browne.
13th 'Jute—Lieutenant Hon. John Stuart, from half-pay of the
3d Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice Thomas Barrington
Tristram, who exchanges, receiving the difference.
22d Regiment of Foot—Captain Richard John Castel!, from the
sock Foot, to be Captain, vice Lockwood, who exchanges.
57th Ditto—Captain Courtney Chambers, from half-pay of the
25th Foot, to be Captain, vice Price fitly, who exchanges, re.
ceiving the difference.
63d Ditto—Captain Robert Martin Leake to be Major, by pur-
chase, vice Macieroth, who retires ; Lieutenant Shako Dou-
glas to be Captain, by purchase, vice Leake ; Ensign Edward'
Hunt to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Douglas • Hon.
Henry Sutton Fane to be Ensign, by purchase, vice dune
79th Ditto—Ensign Napier Turner-Christie, from halt-pay of
the Sid Foot, to be Ensign, vice Paul Hughes, who exchanges.
80th Ditto—Captain Robert Manners Lockwood, from the 22d
Foot, to be Captain, vice Castel', who exchanges.
84th Ditto—Lieutenant Hon. Charles Boyle to be Captain, by
purchase, vice Macdonald, who retires; Ensign Alexander
lii,Crae to be lieutenant, by purchase, vice Boyle ; Gentle-
pan Cadet George Morton Eden, from the Royal Military
College, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice M'Crae.
OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, JULY '22, 1822.
Royal Regiment of Artillevy—First Lieutenant George Hare,
from half-pay, to be First Lieutenant, vice G. W. A. Chad-
ton, deceased ; First Lieutenant Frederick Augustus Griffith.,
from half-pay, to be ditto, vice B. F.. Hill, retired on half-
pay ; First Lieutenant Edward Coxwell to be Second Cap-
tain, vice Crawley, deceased ; Second Lieutenant Robert At-
kins Rogers to be First Lieutenant; Gentleman Cadet Tho.
mas Acker. Shone to be Second Lieutenant ; Second Captain
Samuel Chatters, from half-pay, to be Second Captain ; First
Lieutenant Harry William Scott Gibb, froht half-pay, to be.
First Lieutenant. •

omrnission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Warwick.

The Right Hen. lleneage Earl of Aylesfurd to be Deputy

_ .
Lieutenant.
Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of Lincolnshire.
Henry Dymoke, and Thomas Brailsford, Esqrs. to be Deputy
Lieutenants.
Commission in the King's Own Staffordshire Militia, signed by
the Colonel of the Regiment, and not by the Lord Lieute-
nant of the County of Stafford, as stated in the Gazette of the
_ _

29th of June last.
Brevet Captain Thomas Fernyhough to be Quartermaster, vice
Horton, deceased.
