COLuNIAL INTELLIGENCE.

CONVENTION

Between his Excellency Charles Turner, Knight Companion of the
Most Honourable the Military Order of 'the Bath, Commander
of the Portuguese Order of the Tower and Sword, and of the
Turkish Order of the Crescent, Captain-General and Governor-
in-Chief of the Colony of Sierra Leone and its dependencies,
the forts and settlements in the River Gambia, Cape Coast
Castle, and the forts on the Guld Coast; the Isles de Loss, and
the islands, territories, and factories to hii Majesty belonging on
the western coast.of Africa, from the twentieth degree of north
latitude to the twentieth degree of south latitude ; Vice-Admi-
ral, Chancellor, and Ordinary of the same • ' Major-General of
his Majesty's Land Forces, Colonel of his Majesty's Royal
African Colonial Corps, and Commander-in-Chief of his Ma-
jesty's Forces on the western coast of Africa, &c. &c. on the
part of his Britannic Majesty; and Banka, King of Sherbro,
on the part and behalf of his tributary Kings. Chiefs, and Head-
men; Kong Cuba, Prince of Sherbro; Sumana, King of Ben-
doo; Ta Bompay, King of Bullom ; Soloccoo, King of Bagroo ;
Suwarrow, King of Char ; Kenefarree, Chief of Sherbro Island ;
Will Adoo, Chief of Jenkins; and Ye Combi, by her lawful
representatives and next of kin, Thomas Caulker, Chief of
Bompey, and George Caulker, Chief of Taw and the Plantain
Isles, on behalf of themselves, their tributary Chiefs, Headmen,
and people.
Whereas a cruel and destructive war has for several
years raged between certain tribes of the Kussoo nation,
and the inhabitants of the countries bordering on the
Sherbro Billoms, which countries the said tribes of tl'e
Kussoos have conquered and destroyed, and the
defenceless inhabtants of which they have cruelly mur-
dered or sold into slavery : And where's, the said
K ussoo tribes have already commenced host•lities against
,the said Sherbro Ballow', and have overrun aid der.
Ipalated part of the territories belonging to the snid
Banta, King of Sherbro, and Ya Combat, Queen of Ya
Corriba, their allies, tributary Kings, Chiefs, and Head-
men, and have manifested so deter mined a spirit as to
leave no room to doubt that their ultimate object is to
overrun the said territories—to exterminate the prese
possessors of the soil by the sword, or by selling them
into' slavery ; and so satisfied thereat are the said Banka
and Ya Comba, their tributary Kings, Cori-fs, and Head•
men, that they have, of their own tree will and accord,
stepped lot ward and thrown themselves and their coun-
tries upon the protection of his Excellency the Gover-
nor General of S erra Leone and the Banish Govern-
ment, As the sorest means of saving themselves and
subjects-from the destruction :breatened by their cruel
and iinpl:tcable enemies: And whetess, in chg. pro-
gress of the said war violent outrages have. been cow

• .r, ,

milted by parties to the war, upon the property and
persons of British subjects engaged in lawful trade and
, commerce, plundering the one, and seizing and selling
into slavery the others: And wh reo his Excellency the
Govern n.-General of Sierra Leone, feeling no less appre-
hension ft r the peace and security of his Britannic Ma-
jesty's territories—the war having already approached
the frontiers of the colony of Sierra Loner-:than indig-
nation at the insults offered to his nation, its the out-
rages committed on the persons and properties of its
subjects, has determined, for the peace and security of
the British possessions, and for eiecking the further
progress of this cruel and desolating war, to accede to
the prayer of the said Kings, Chiefs, and Headmen.
Wherefore his Excellency Charles Turner, Knight
Companion of the Most Honourable the Military Order
' of the Bath, Commander of the Portuguese Or der of the
Tower and S xord, and of the Turkish Order of the
Crescent, Captain-General and Governor in-Chief of the
colony c f Sierra 'Leone and its dependencies, the forts
and settlements on the•river Gambia, Cape Coast Cas-
tle, the. forts of the Gold Coat, the Isles de Lass,
and the 'islands; territories, andl factories to his Ma-
jesty belonging on the western coast of Africa,
from the twentieth degree of n-Irth latittide to the
twentieth degree of south latitude; Vice-Admiral,
Chancellor, and Ordinary of the same; Major-Ge-
neral of his Majesty's Land Forces, Colonel of his Ma-
jesty's Royal African Colonial Corps, and Commander-
in•Chief of his Majesty's Forces on the Western coast
of Aft ica, &c. &c. ou the part and behalf of his Bri-
tannic Majesty ;
And Banka, King of Sherbro, by the advice and con-
sent of his tributary Kings, Chiefs,• and Headmen—
namely, Sumana, King of Bendoo; Suwarrow, King
of Char; Kong Cuba, Prince of Sherbro; Ta Bampay,
King of Bulbul); Soloccoo, King 'of Bagroo; Kenne-
farree, Chief of She, bro Island ; Will Adoo, Chief of
Jenkins ; and Ya Comba, Queen of Ya Comba, by her
lawful representatives and next of kin,Thomas Caulker,
Chief of Bompey, and George Caulker, Chief of Tassn
and the Pltntain Isles, with the advice and consent of
their tribUtary Chiefs aid Headmen, have• mutually
agreed as follows:
Ist. Banks, King of Sherbro, by the advice and con-
sent of his said tributary Kings, Chiefs, and Headmen,
and the said Thomas C sulker and George Caulker, re-
presentatives of the said Ya Comba,Queen of Ya Comba,
have for themselves, their ttibutaty Kings, Chiefs,
headmen, and people, for them, their heirs and succes-
sors for ever, ceded, transferred, and given over unto
his said Excellency Charles Turtle!, Governor of the
said colony of Sierra Leone, and his successors, the
Governors of the said Colony for the time being, for
the use and on the behalf of his Majesty the King of
Great Britain anctlreland, and his successors, the full,
entire, free, and unlimited right, title, possession, and
sovereignty of all the_earritgries and dominion's to them
respectively lselonging. being situate between the
southern bank of the Cimaranca River on the north,
and the town of Camalay and the line which separates
the territories of King Shet bra fro.n those of the Queen
of theGaNnas„ on the south; together with al and
every Tight and title to the navigatinn, anchorage,
waterage, fishing, and other revcnue and ma: lime
claim., in and over the said telt i!ories, and the rivers,
hat hours, hays, creeks, inlets, and waters of t! e same.
23. Tl:e said Charles Turder, for himself and his
successors, thelimiernors of the said col.rny of Sierra
Leone for the time being, on the part and behalf of his
s sid Britannic Majesty, agrees to accept the cession of
the a!oresata territories and dominions from the said
Banka, King of Sherbro, and the slid Ya Comba,
Queen of Ya Comba, their tributary Kings, Chiefs,
and Headmen; giving and granting to the said Banka,
King of Sherbro, and Y.t Comba, Queen of Ya
Comba, their tributary Kings, Chiefs, and Headmen,
and the Other native inhabitants of the said territories
and dominions, the protection of the British Govern-
ment, the rights and priviieges of British suhj cts ; and
guaranteeing to the said Banka, King of Sherbro, his
tributary Kings, Ch cps, and Headmen, namely Su-
mana, King sat Bendo; Sawarrow, King of Char; Kong
Cuba, Prince of Sherbro; Ta Bompay, King of But
lom ; Soloccoo, King of Bagroo, Kenefartee, Chief of
Sherbro Island ; Aloo. Chief of Jenkins ; and the
said Ya Comba, Queen of Ya Comba, and her repre-
sentatives; and to the said Thomas Caulker, Chief of
Bompey; and George Caulker, Chief of Tasso and
the Plantain Isles, and the other native inhabitants of
the afotesaid territories and dominions, and to their
heirs and successors for ester,' the full, free, and undis-
turbed posyssion and enjoyment of the lands they now
holi and occupy. •
Signed at the Plantain Islands, on Saturday, the twenty-fourth
day of September, 1845, and ratified in the presence of all the
Kings, Chiefs, and Headmen of the Sherbro Bailouts at Yon', on
Sherbro Island, this fifth day of October, in the Yeas of oar Lord
One Thousand Eight- Hundred and Twenty-five.
CHARLES TURNER, Gannet. of Sierra Leone
and Dependencies.
BANK A, >4 King of Sherbro.
YA COMBA, Queen, by her Representatives,
THOMAS CAULKER, X Chief of Bompey,
COLO. S. CAULKER, Chief Of Tasso and Plan-
tain Islands.
SUMANA, >4 King of %Woo.
SU WA Rao w, i 4 Mae of Char.
SOLOCCOO, King of Bagroo.

The Nuremberg Correspondent says, silif his Royal
Highness the Elector of should establish a
banlc at Hanau (as it is reported through the house of
ROTHSCHILD), it is probable that the city of Frankton
will be induced to carry into effect the plan formerly.
proposed by Messrs. ROTHSCHILD, but declined to est...
blish a bink there, which appears to be very desirable
under present circumstance,.
A Merry Christmas and a Happy New. Year are
generally the congratulations at this festive Season, and every
auxiliary is eagerly sought after for the embellishment of the
Person; the most prominent trait of beauty in either Sex is a Rae
Head of Hair:. Its beas4iful arrangement is aided and assisted by
the wonderful energetic powers of itowtAxis Mace Mal Om,
which has, by its supetior excellence, in promoting the elegance
and durability of that grand ornament, gained the admiration of
the whole world. Parents and Guardians cannot offer to those
' under their care a more acceptable present, as that mend &dom.
meth attended to in youth is of the highest importance. . Con-
ductors of Seminaries will find ilowtake's Masewesaft India.
pensably necessary. To prevent imposition, ask for Basistard's
Maratute Oil. Signed in V.cci, A, ROWLAND AND SUN

;;

S , ..,..:

r. , y ~,~ Y

v..

i ~ :.::.. ~ . ,

• :t N,
