CAPTURE OF LIMA.

Authentic intelligence of this important event has
been at length received. The following is an extract
of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at Buenos
Ayres, dated 4th September:
" By a letter received here on the 2d instant, dated
Santiago de Chili, 13th ult. one p.m. the schooner
Montezuma bad just arrived from Callao, with offi-
cial accounts of General SAN MARTIN having en-
tered Lima by force of arms:'

"7"---
W e have received to-day a supply of German Pa-
pers, of recent dates. The following are extracts:

ROME, OCTOBER DI
M. Cascelli, Commandant of Naples during the
revolutionary period, has been arrested here, on the
application of his Sicilian Majesty, Ile had lived for
some months quite retireJ, in a house in the Via Fe-
rentina, whence he was conveyed to the Castle of
St. Angelo, to be taken to Naples under the escort
of an Inspector of the Police. It is said, that papers
and letters of great importance were found in his

possession.
The Austrian General Fitzgerald lately passed
through heft., on his way to Moravia ; and several
detachments of troops, returning to Austria, which,
it is said, will be replaced by fresh detachments.
Many persons have been carried off this autumn
by apoplexy : among them are the celebrated Advo-
cate Fenetti, and the English Vice-Consul at Ancona.
Several marriages in the higher circles are the
subjects of general attention. It is reported that
the son of Lucien Bonaparte will marry the daugh-
ter of Joseph Bonaparte, with a portion of 300,000
scudi ; the son of Prince Ruspoli, the daughter of
the Principe de la Paz ; the Marquis Serlupi, the
Duchess of Fiano ; the nephew of the banker, Count
Lavaggi, the Marchesa Zondadari, of Sienna, with a
portion of 200,C00 scudi, &c.
Several Revoltitionists of Ponte Corvo, who have
been brought hither, arc banished to different pro-
vincial towns.
The Papal Government has been induced, by the
reprcsewations made to it, to restore to Ancona and
Civita Vecchia the privileges of free pelts for foreign
silk and woollen manufactures, which were lately
withdrawn, with a view to favour the national ma-
. nufactures. The Government has perceived that such
rest, ictions do not promote industry, but injure corn-
. melee. The towns of Ancona and Civic* Vecchia
have testified the greatest joy and gratitude for the
restoration of their privileges.
NAPLES, OCTOBER 18.
Legal proceedings are carrying on with great
gre Ice for the trial of Silvati and Morelli, the two
authors of the revolt at Monteforte, in 1820, who
were lately taken disguised as Greeks. It is said that
negotiations are on foot with the Austrian Govern_
nient to get the Austrian army of occupation re-
duced next year to 25,000 men, and, instead of them,
durGov'ernment would then take some Swiss Regi•
ments into pay, as it has done in former times.
:VIENNA, OCTOBER C 7.
It seems by several accounts a: rived from Turkey,
that the Divan does not place much faith in the
friendly disposition of the Russian Cabinet, and that
it makes extraordinary efforts to combat Russia. The
Porte sends considerable reinforcements to Moldavia
and Wallachia, where a numerous army will soon
he assembled. It is even engaged in forming a se-
cond army, as numerous as the first. This second
army will be posted first on the Danube. Inde-
pendently of these two armies, numerous bodies of
reserve are fotrning in the Provinces situated in the
second line. But all these troops cannot be coin-
pared to the worst European soldiers. They are tin-'I
disciplined hordes from the Asiatic Provinces, in-
capable of resisting an European corps of tolerable
strength.
In the course of the month of September there have
been many persons arrested in the lonian Islands.
VIENNA, NOVEMBER 2.

We have accounts here from Constantinople to the
12th of October. The city was tolerably tranquil,
only excesses were feared from the Asiatic troops,
especially those in the more remote quarters of the
city. The Greeks daily lose more and more of their
old privileges, and are gradually sinking into a state
of complete slavery. On the 26th of September they,
were prohibited from keeping any Franks in their ser-
vice ; and a few days ago the ancient Ordinances
were renewed respecting their houses, the colour of
their dress, &c. The Divan has given orders to aa-
