• .

rittca Szvpi-14- Ncr.

• IRELAND.
• tilt Lt le4" CASTLE; FEBRVA/Vir .11:
Their Excellencies the Lords Justices have been
ple4ged to appoint the following Gentlemen to be
High Sheriffs for the-present year :
•Atirßist—ttamond 'APB:lnnen. of Glenarm Castle, Esq.
Anstacn--Hon. Henry Caulfield, of Hoikley.
• CAVAN—William Young. of Bain:borough Castle, Esq.
Coal—floe: William Bernard, of Castle Bernard.
Donsoar.—James Stewart, of Fort Stewart, Esq.
Down—Mathew Forde, of Seaforde, Esq.
Duaux—Sk Richard Steele, of _Hampstead, Bart.
Fr.astana ;n—Win. Darcy rying, of Cassidy Lodge, Esq.
Galway—Walter Lawrence, of Belview, Esq.
KlRlN—Arthur Bleniterhassett, of 43altieeedy, Eaq.
Ku-tians—Arthur Henry, of Lodge lark, Esq.
KU.RFNNT—SIr Josiah Coghill, of Ballyduff, Bart..
Kin's COUNTY—Francis Mooney, of Dow, Esq.
LRITRIU—Charks Tottenham, of Uenfarne Hall, Esq.
LusEasen—lialwarld Villiers, of Kilpeacon, Esq.
I.oncroan7-Robert Blackball, of Temple-street, Esq,
Loseris-..-Tboanas Lee Norman at Corballia, Esq. •
Mavo—Colonel William Jackson, of Enniscoe.
AlEATll—William Henry Wailer, of Allanstown, Esq.
Quats's Courirr—Hugh Aldborough Bowen, of Courtwood,
Esq.
Roscommon—Daniel Kelly, of Carling, Esq.
Suoo--William Park, of Dewily, Esq.
Three/air—Arthur Cardan; of Ternplemore Ham, Esq.
Traona--Lieuteuant-Colonel Caulfield, of Beifilallt.
WRSTAI RA Tll—William Henry Hagan, of Clotuarl, Esq.
Warroan—Joshua Nunn,nf Hill Castle, Esq.
Wicnusw—William Acton, of West Asten, Esq.

OONFLAGRATION IN AMERICA.

FURTHER PARTICULARS.

" Museum and Gazette Office, Savannah, fan. 11.
" It is in a state of utter dibtraction that we at-
tempt to describe the horrors of the late conflagra-
tion. One half of Savannah is in ruins. We know
not, and cannot undertake to enumerate the suffer-
ers, or the extent of our loss. The fire origit:ated in
the stables at the back of Mrs. Platt's boarding-house,
and soon reached Baptist-square. The fire-proof
houses of Mr. Mungin, and the.open square, stopped
its progress in that direction. The fire reached the
Bay on the corner of Barnard-street, sweeping the
home en the west corner, occupied by Col. Broom,
and from thence extending down the Bay, taking
the brick building occupied by us, with our printing
establishment, the large brick auction store of George
Schley, United States Branch Bank, the new brick
auction stores on the corner of Bull-street, Pouyat'a
corner, Lottery Office, Dickson and Co.'s store, Hun-
ter's brick store, and Jones's wooden.buildings on the
corner of Habersham•street, where its program will
probably be arrested.

“It 4s supposed 400 houses were burned ; many
of them were partly cleared of their contents ; but
the. ptoperty was generally burned in the streets. It
is presumed the loss cannot be much, if any, less
than two millions of dollars. Many hundreds cf
&macs are literally naked in the streets—not even
clothin? was saved. Every printing-office was burned
down. fhe auction stores in the city shared a similar
fate. We have every reason to believe that its pro-
gress will, extend no further. It commenced this
morning between one and two o'clock.”

The principal subject which has recently occupied
the attention of the American Congress, has been the
Bill for the admission of the State of Missouri, in
which is involved the right of domestic slavery. This
question, which has excited an extraordinary degree
of interest throughout the United States, has not been
brought to a conclusion. During the discussion,
which had lasted for eight days in the Senate,. the
Sittings were constantly attended by crowds of audi-
tors. Every part of the Chamber, not occupied by
the seats of the Members, was filled, and even La-
dies were admitted to hear the debate.

Colonel KING, *hose arbitrary proceedings some
months ago at Pensacola, in shooting his deserters
without trial, will be recollected, has been sentenced
by a Court Martial to suspension for five years..lle
sentence was transmitted to the PRESIDSNT 17 Gene-
ral JACKSON.
A letter from Washington, received at BaltizirJ,
states, that a Bill was about to be subMitted to Con-
gress for prohibiting the trade with Bermuda, St.
John's, and Halifax.

• A Buenoe Ayres Gazette ,ieLenclv received con-
tains the following intelligence:—" The Indian Chief,
Santiago Quintana, one of the principal Caciques of
the Pampas, in company with two other Caciques,
has arrived in this city, to inform the Gcriernmyynt
that they had made prisoner the Cacique Carpillion,
and that they proposed to execute summary justice
on him, in consequence of his having permitted him-
self to be seduced by the Anarchists under the in-
fluence of Artigas,.towards whom the other Caciques
had opposed the most firm resistance. The Supreme
Director has replied to these Indian Chiefs, that the
State is fully sensible of their loyalty and, good dis-
position, but that it wishes always to temper mercy
with justice towards those who may have been mis-
led, and that although the Cacique Carpilliun has by
hii conduct subjected himself to severe chastisement,
yet, under all the circumstances, his Excellency re-
commends they should pardon him, and limit their
measures to the gaining his friendship, and thus pre-
vent him from follow ing the disgraceful councils of
the enemie,s of order, and of the general government
of the United Provinces. The Cacique Quintana,
amid Itis.contpanion, have made a formal offer, un•
der the most solemn declarations, that the moment
the Spini'sh Expedition shall appear on the coast,
thy will present themselves with 10.30 men, anal
3000 borse, to be united with the army c f the coun-
try, for the protection of the State, and that, for the
same object, they and their people will hold, at the
disposal of the Supreme Director, all the means and
resources within their power. The Cove nment has
accepted their offer, and has agreed on the course to
be adoptei to make it available in case of need."
