^~ j

. ,
An Cionseqoence of summoners tent by the L- rd
mayor to all the Members 31 the Corporation, a very
numerous Meeting assembled at the Maniionhoose
on Thursday last. The Lor'd Mayor dithered into
the general details of the present systeni of watching.
the City, pointing out its detects, and proposing his
remedies, all of which appeared to be generallY ap.
proved by the Meeting. It was•moved that the Lord
Mayor be requested to have the outlines printed and
'Out to every Member of the Corpoiation4 and ,that
he be also requested to lay his plan before the Court
of Common Council. • -
Sir Sam moveds SHAW the thanks of the Meeting
to she Lord Mayor for his very great exertions to
improve the Police of this Cit 3-, from the moMeot he
mitered into his office up to the present tittle, which
as seconded by Mr. Jacks with many encoinibtrii
spoil the general conduct of the Chief Magistiate.
The following are the heads of vimplaints'ati4 re=
ies proposed :
I. Numerous warehouses are robbed in the morning-;
sifter tke watchmen hate left their stations, by per.
sons who either secrete themselves in the night withiii
the warehouses, or enter early in the morning by
means of false keys i a town cart is called by a weP.
dressed person, he stands at the door with a bocii4
pretending to enter the goOds that two oethree per.
bons- are loading into the cart. Property to.a very
large amount has been conveyed away from different
warehouses in the present year.
tit. Considerable property is st.den by servants in
shops and private houses, and delivered in the motes
ing, before the families are up, to persons who are
going about in the Morning, under various pretences '
which the Lord Mayor fully explained.
_ _.

S. Picking of packets in the puhifc !treats is n'uck facilitated
by the assembling of persons at different Mops, and interruptions
created by the different gangs of pickpockets that infest the
'streets.
' 4. Several of the Wards not having evening patrols, many
Ilabberies are eon:Mated by taking parcels front cart• that are
Minveying goods to the waggon offices ant warehouses, also
trollies taken from carriages, the watchitouses not being open
before eke o'clock in veinier, persons that may be rubbed are at
a loss *Geer to find an off:er or any as,i-tance.
5. Many watchmen'' belts, or rounds, are so short that they
take only bee minutes to walk them, which being levier with"
the hour, fifty minutes he is either in his box, or, what
queht. they Meet two or three together, and are in coneenation
a considerable time; frequently they are employed in shutting .
up shops and going of errands for the inhabitants; r log into
vublic houses with prostitutes; and although' the streets are
crowded with disorderly women, they will nut intatimeee tete
the least notice of their.cooduct ; and from the practised else*
being in filed nations or boxes fur many years, there is no duuM
but some of them receive bribes from yet ions that commit rnb.
beiges in the streets as well as in house!; for it is a well kuewa
fact that notorious Characters attend Fleet.strert sad* other
.public streets every night, and Are in co.tstsnt conversation with
the piostitutes, anal must be well lumen to the terrhnters.
Totin CAM are out as early as two o'clock In the morning in
great numbers on the stand, under the pretence of being first in
turn; they are liable to be &Red for bong before five in summer
and seen in winter. '1 hr Lord Mayer has fined many; 'but it
is Impossible to bring them to justice if the watchniaa will not
do their duty, and scarcely one in the year bas been brought up
brevatchmen, bat by the police eaters. Alt public Inman are
mitered by the Lord Mayor to be shot tip by twelve; and 'no
watering bows are allowed td be open in the city, as I Hoek.
ney Coachmasters petitioned the Lord Mayor not to allow them
to be open, as they only went to the houses with servants, as.
lost IS theft money in gambling, and left their horses
standing 10,
the streets.
TIIE Loan MAYOR'S PLAN.
The present waichtntit coMplain that their pay is as emelt,
that they cannot afford to attend the Magietrates, therefore &hay
do not take netice of offences, as they should lose their day's work.
The Lord Mayor proposes that 402 met) should be employed
as paroles at ens. per week, and 40 tunes intendants at 50..; this
will cost for one year about ,e25,0e0; the present expense, sae
about .Ce6,eo 0. The 400 patroles to go on duty at nine o'clock,
to wear dark brown or drab great coats, to be argued with a short
staff, to have no lanterns, no watch-boxes. wit to can the hour or
patrule, but to coodente walking the whole of his beat or mood,
for two keen, then to go to the watch-house for two hours, sod
to be reheved by others, so to chyle during the night, each mat
to change his beat every night, and nut to know until nine o'clock
what beat be is tb go on; it any charge is given on any affray or
assault during the night, the first tnan.tia the spot to do his duty,
whether in his own wirS or not, as it frequently occurs that
watchmen cry, •• l cannot interfere, it la not 'in my ward;" a
strong Motu to be made in every watch house, that is, at a die-
'mute front the Compter, that the. men may not be taken off their
duty by going. with every charge, but tis take them io the Comp-
ter in the morning, when they leave tiler duty ; they should be
expressly ordered to attend to carts and coaches that are standing
'at the doors at late hours of the night, and also the var;ous small
carts that conic into the Cit ti'early in the morning, and to attend
to the good order u! the streets, publit-houso, &c.
'I he to superior meniar superintrodants, to be divided agree-
able. to the extent tit the Wards, one to Mll4lll Wards, and two to
the larger Wards; towear dark blue great coats; 20 of them to
be on duty at six o'clock, to double their beats, the watchmen to
be upon duty as tent as dark, the house hlarshal to be In wait-
.ing until MAC to give information tit the public, and to
send fur the rurolea if wanted ; at nine o'clock they are to see
that all the patroles come on their duty, and to inspect them
during the night, and to return the state uf the lamps during the
`ttiglit, to enter all oectirretces in the watch-book; the Ci:y Mar..
Marshalowet to attend every night, and to enter the'r
names is the watch-book of every watch-Lwe, at least core
during the night, matte book tb be laid before the Lord Mayor
the toilowinc morning; the patroles not to leave their stations
before et u clock to bummer, and seven in Winter, CO of the
soienntettdants to continue- %and nine o'cldck, fti present the
morning petitions, the other 20 to come in at twelve o'clock, sod to
continue till tour ehlock, to assist the Lord:slayer's polio, oaten
in patrolling the streets, removingellstruction. of COe..!be3, CIAO%
ptege [S. &C. &C to 111SpeCt the state of the pereMent,t,9 COW,
satitrin a book to be kept at the Marshals' office, in the Manst
House; Mahwah, Marshal's awn, Illy !tower, piereito;, to
live widths the (sty, and have their names in the City Patrol's.

..~

~

4GRICULTURA.I4
IN FEBRUARY,'

. .

- Thefolleirleg is
many of the Meet op*.
• to a Ciretine_whd by
every-pin of Beepead.
,dheise defy insjoreaut
' nos: AND RSV.
41110 Porldlo goseprising
• -• .110 sores, chiefly aw&le,
steady abandoned at the eipitadoo, of two Yellin. MB
ors base grinned for eight years: Atiother fans of
IRO lent, with a considerable preiportiOn .of pass,
will be abandoned by the mast at Lady Day neat.
when one year and a halt only of an eight yeas' lease
will hale expired. Both these firsts sent, in all pro.
• •bAbility, continue unoccupied, lialississ landlord. I
shall think fit to take them into Illy owe 112104 and
. I expekt to be similarly eircoonstanced With respell*:
ra the remainder of the parish at Michaelson.
I have reason'to believe that the contiguous Wish*"
-'of Haley fit. Dear cad Little Cr44pol are very'
. much^ in the like situations ; above sae thitrl of the
land its each of them being already 'abandon's!: ;.71,1*
mrcumipmem shooting the distress of- the laritorfe.
which haw fallen under my observaden are, att.
_kW'
bd to, imitinue
_any wain of Improvanialf.-410. _
keeping a diadeisMid quantity of stock;-;lie ails ;of
their flocks, and the discharge of half thelatioitrees,
usually employed. In addition •to the 400dilkstan.
of web takes as immediately affect agricialturaiiklW
daily the war malt duty,`' I conceive thet the most
'actual remedy for alleviating the difficulty 'of the
owners and occupiers of land, would be found 'in re
levidg them. if it were poisible; from l'iairtion of
that very heavy and increasing harshen-41w tisaiote.
II me of the poor. • .• •
. IW. ALiain.--A want of money to pay trades?.
11110 bilis s great complaining. . account...:;'
Malay is wear arm now, and almOikheart broken;
florists they aesibe still ;vane a lei,itywesweeet is
ion awnir imokiiirilahrts.wesor so won licloSso tow.
4eassoiste-g their 'of mune, ikrdv
dtpr 'sink their future prospects, storm, worse..
*Am thc tenant by doing sWoy .Ids Pialtiati-egx
sod bond tax; take of the Wei dOt ea O01O•
Saar the spites. that great bar to the real Insprove.
mew of the soil, when dipoanded in kW. Lac*
whole Community pay equally to the Churth and
Poor, and not leave such oppressive bathos oo the
land alone. In a word, prop up, support, and.encoo.
tags agriculture, which is the foundation of every
fabric, the key-stone of the independence add the ab-
solute existence of 'Great Britain. Agriculture and
Commerce must shake hands; when this is don€,
foieign competition in our markets may probably be
• no longer found; we may (for then we undoubtedly
can by our own industry Maintain ourselves, and
be made .on* more an happy, independent, exporting
con; country. • •
EOwAIRD PLArt.--The arrears of teat is this
county are (from every information t have obtained)•
very general, and very alarming in 'their amount.
The circulation of paper is much diminished, owing
to, and in proportion ..with, the reduction in value of
the farmer's capital, and the several articles of nil.
cultural produce; but I do not know that the coon.
try sutras thereby; at any rate, lens sore that the
contitry has suffered much more by the Fortner exces-
sive issue of country Bank notes.
De. M. Moccuted,Throe of my own firms are
me* vacant.' One containing 404 acres, another 01
400, and a third of 250. These farms IAP obliged
. to cultivate at an
.garrniOus expense, to prevent the
lands running into a state. of ruinous waste. I pay
Propary.tat for landlord and tenant, tythes, poor.
tides, heavy road duties, kg. withotit any returUfor
use year at least s and the produce efterviards ex.
. petted; I fear, will prove a very inadequiti reruns to
• die various charges incurred. I have list; 'besides,
.11400 of arrears of rent by the late tenanti selling
their asps nod other property clandestinely, and then.
reaming away, .or becoming insolvent. *These farms
are s6ated is the best part of
.Bedfordshire and at
the distance of -lea than My, miles from .Bedfordshire.
The rem of the whole, at an average, did not exceed
115 or 116 s. per acre. exclusive of trims:, One Of my.
oldest tesasso, beldkag t fare Of abotre '4OO acre's,
has 'gen me maim a/locis intestion• to quit si next
Another farm, of 300 acres, was thrown
. up at lam Easter, but is now let to **the; teesnr...-:.
0( the various evils that combine against the agristill
mad isterest.lytheS and poor rates, as these are now
eodnitsited, appears° me to have the most *steatite
far more than the income tax, or perhaps
:tail: war taus together. Tythes should never
he' paid by the farmer. They operate as. a diecou-
nagoonoe ei; his industry and enterprise, and are a
• t Mora of ill will towards the Clergy and the
Chrmcb in general, especially in the many
biomes where they are gathered for the benefit of,
• some :kb disnitary, or oder mart of.rask, whom the
parishioiten' sever see or bear. fa regard to the
roocates, I always view these as coplet! with the
idleness 'aid deravity of the workings olift. And
.on this Mint would observe, toil ' the meads, as
well as sonnet% of the 16wer order of the comma
ally beat Iran been degenerating 'since the, earliest,
stsa pf oh, Fowl% Revolution. The lioetrise. .
ogoality and she rights of Juan ituesperforgotten,i
Inst fondly cherished, :mid seluctaadribandoned.i
They meddrelbeirrespeetive parishes aetbeir ries"
. amd. isbarimace, to which Shay are entitled to rasertil
. wader oury real or ima&sey grin amodsowsoever it
!wry heft him iacone& And it their sequeit.be now
granted, they BT to theism biagismad, .asho
qmstly the parson of (haps:ids, 'streusel; so order
tbe evermers. •. - • .
Hong pm are become 'auelesetand improvideit,
negligent as 40 their taloa, and. Upbeat of coo,
; flog h of their earnings, too, .a latiointiportien is
.spent at the alelsoose—a.mliosaductior which they
gems themselves sawmills' to DO authority. To
obviate. this complicated suisthief.. Saving Banks.
. elsosid be OOMlTaged ,tbs leadholdees risnuaelvse,
, oaths iniagdpal fans" gosh! to :be members of
such lardtadoos, by wet (*gives them encourage.
glint. The Magistrate should be • more numerous,
and maid with .much: mkt power than they hold iv
. the eikhang lave. The Sour m
aod .labotwins,
should 4.4=01 to dePapd •V4enrau his '
indastrY, so‘alety.'auld good woloimirrandto
goo onlycaliee whereia, the distress as avian
, :ma aanntfepep and stameding from causes that
• ,

isgrediente..
very:loo poetise's/stile eittoinge ief die POOKiwi
amass tolibtterelves sompfatess &dopes, at the ate
is the , industry , mush .eritio
Thb oashi aseatedloo be, pat
tby. aqui ighiskive atabe.l -No pablie = sw:
*eiAd be elbowed to Foal*, so -alebotto ; 601 earl"
atchireseseet Alava toitsbtkaal to liSerw. tUr owe
bar, mad this numb* 'belga botelOidirulf.xedliesC
I ENS think otte.thirtqi !ha wet,'
P.MILIY *strand, • • ' .er "
; • Tbe Magistrates jbobld 11610.0 i bel4m in ma'
bar than *et nqw awl* biti:#ldlibtracy oeghe
'imam* 14. chiethif aiot estahlP to CovigrtG•nw
to the *twilit* Oeshefileat tie Clair.
147,fpifiiim, that the eillaseistical and cialf4Ooe,
treat Shoi, thisys..),:yfe iipaFON. bt*gb,e!t
*AO, Alb .acted *up occasibiteo':: etinfeii.l96 And
pier,hevphitelpieatly. beta. . re' The
.I.4onei'fif eaaotiek aeboelitrbirre the
10,....*Die msssat littagrstriest is they judge
Rahn'jetta.ltti? 54140 hey

. -,• ...** 4.413, alsWEMßEtt.ta ''• ''s!
.... ..,. 7.7.;:.i.:.,:.iii.0cii.p..4r..
Foes. • 0 . .
i..,
We Itawrfrons Strasburg. that the Dube of wa,,
. ~ul4thn the reviewed:4o the plain of „..
rce
, tbe Wuttemburg awns of troops stationed is
• :Us puke was -met as Reichabeffen by the
prefect of the Lower. Rhine, Mal .several person of
'distinction fretailtrasbnrg. . . '
Yesterday 'Nero was A. review of the corps of art&
hi, at Vincennes, at whirkilie.lting was peens*
• It having beeststated tb hitSlaieste. that the elks-
ere forceof the /mob iefalttry of I:termed won sof*
Iciest for the Ordinary sego; aboll his tecilear be
• decided, That the meson Mature to the suspen-
sion of recruitment of the army of the line obeli apply
likewise, and for the same reasons, to the regiments
of French infantry. of the Refill Surd-
Poe* the i eiweather has cony, the district of La
brie preients.the shoot curious spectacle.. 'The-whole
population are poured out into the •Selds..end :awl
ployed with the greatest activity in cutting demised '
housing the grain. The harvest is getimay Very fiae.
There are some farmers who have employed 300 la-
bourers daily, and thus most rapidly cat down ins-
mane fields of grain. • ' i
Litters from Bandeaux and Moatpellier stew
that diti heats commenced on the 9th inst. and have-,
since continued ; so that thereis reason to hope, in
the South. for a tolerable viqtsge: the wises and
brandies werefalling in price.
The Sovereign Council of -the Canton of Berne
bas destined half a million of francs for the purchase
of grain from'abroad, for the distribution of Rumford
soups, aUd other means-of relief, to tbkindigent.
• General Breyer, an When mho w*; one of their*
to declare- for Bonaparte it Lyons.. bas been tried.
per caveseee, bt :Court-Martial, and 'capitally soil.,
victed. It appealed .from the evidences that &qv
attempted to: kainsidate Idatibal Micdo,tald at
Lyons, by, tinily hist :tbatinessorea were taken to
prevent his lest the teem a •Itave it sworde.
replied the Martha" and X Biel know how to cleat
ns7 ri7-" * ' • • ' . •
.'? • . alaltSlitLl.2ll, dart/416s* .11 •
• Extract of a letter vrrittetat a countipbcitse lint
Algiers,. the 30th of August 5...,44.The torts and sea
batteries, which Were cemsiaered as formidable, irs
almost all demolished. The Algeria Reit. with the
exception of a brig of 22 gum It -galllutef 14, and
a balfialley, has been burnt, tbse OA the gash,
boats and booth Vessels: The rokh bombs and
bails have very much damaged the houses of:this.
city. Those et the Consols were all more or leariu.
fared. The Consul of France and myself nothelng'
"la a wear hurry, we left the town amidst the tier of
200 pieces of artillery, to proceed to a country house
about a quartet of a league of We were followed
-by an immense crowd of Moors. Jews, and children,
who fled from the balls, and especially the bombs ;
the latter, and even some Wpoonderse passed beyond
the town, and . struck some of the poor.f?eitives.—:.
We are still ignorant of -the densageoestiuned-by the
English fleet; we remarked one of their ships tit' pe•
pretty roughly handled." - •7. .:,-,e•-•
FRANKFORT, armful 14. -,: •'. •
Count de Gam,
'M' Prussian Niigata at Paris,'
succeed Mr. Jacobi ont as Midas* it the dirt
of Landau
We do not tact:Beet to -have sews; eastas at thit'incist
critical epochs of the late war, a wodarfatttbituthe
risen!. Td. too abundaneprOduce of the los, or
of. English Maidiinery, is, not the sole cause M. this
decline; *Avant of purchasers .is ..contatete4l:efitli
that eahaustion of pestiniaey-aelourees which .14 NM
felt as theieneral eoesequeate Of war.- Whikelim-
visipiss avo-likinaouilfaaatT ate ittices of At oms
alemidiee aritwatistmely fowl motley is-ac
• , • eratetAilloat'ClattY .- ' • ' '-#400.4c-
I. u`l. *". •• tom% initintszit :4. . 14C1 ''' 1
:---••`AJoevant published here eiataini the' fo*Peg
natiatt ti a letter froth their:Writ:et of Si Tclteft.is
Mine. dated.the Mk pereenber,'lßlSl.: ' ---''' . •
....;Religion k preithetin China by hflidtsoatiti . 4
Asintni-e-0101: and different 'nations) IldrChi436,
the. Frank Missions is -the prOVlhee -Or lb • Tape,
Where •• I. net -it • preseet, his 'made. *Otis: come 1
Maths, thirty native pima: and fair Eurt4eati.; So '
hiss ago patakitien dope lved nrottbit Vicar topos.
;ear, saeriiced'-to tbi rage Of ' the Goeirtior of this
=OF aviary equally to- the • Europe-and
aautoif'-The Bishop • Coadjutor: has been.
compilled4cr i • add I believe has taken *refuge is
'llonqulo.` nether prieiti, and a number of. he
le
_ _

This eseraing dispaithii Weriniesi* freils-Leetk
Esiwouri, They are dated the 3d of September.. in&
ottoPitsce the signing and sealing 4 the Treaty with 1
1111!..Thir on the farseeing day.; The dispatoisig
Asa also that there hid :beisca delay on accomity
'of tivo Spaniards . who had -been long congaed. bet
svisw iiare libetated.nt: 'the Settisition of Lord Ex-
swum. and were og possgilaSQuitigCnatsovvii
whin the dispatches, caenai'i.' . . . 1
• •
7 Wnlwwwitiseived ,thiyfftwitPapers di.Thanday.!
•I,
11)at comilliathe tilalof,a C.essent Baal. ibo.bas.
fell iskOssased an -bit aiiiiitio4 to be: iloit . •Hii
met: *a =atrocious : whei Marshal itithixriiii)
ale
iyons in thlatthoolo6l, General Inur=e, was
if ifilliatt in favour OE. • Sawarwavagastn,threaten
ithilgasAal with his' ant* ;'There 'is inother trial
going an of s moth; iiinso wined parOsaa of the
awspartists, *hose Mb .WA no; licif thin that of
attempting to poisons libeled who composed the
:gsivison of Vincenois;htiiieaiii Of:deleterious drugs
'intrndece4intg ,tlWk Ififigi,•ceserroirs. Miring the
Aontuskit ladies to, such' a ealsaith the conspire-
wits were to take ifoesSiisisn of,the fortress is the minx
of SONAPARTII, The, afraikar contains an article
trans China, confirming the accounts SOM. tipse rinse.
ionised of there being a general persecution of the
Christians throwghost•thas vast Empire.

A Mail front Flanders arrived this atinniag. We
and inthe Dutch Papers an article front Italy, whith
states that the Tunisian Piiates. are still at work in
their vocatiott of carrying off . defenceless mariners
into slavery. This is at variance with the accounts
received previously, thin the Tunisians bad long since
stipulated to abandon the pradice ,of enslaving
Christians.

LEGHORN, AUGUST es.

On the ff.sth the Pirates carried off two vessels in
the Roman States, near Orbstello, on the coast, at a
small distance from Porto Hercole. The Masters and
FT. persons were taken prisoners and carried away by
the Pirates, who are sappoied to have come from
Tunis. Some fishing-Iwatt escaped.
Tile pirate vessels which pursued the fishing boats
suffered mach. The wind was violent, and the sea
ran high. The civic guard took arnis and-hastened
to the shore; but the pirates were already at a die.
tance. We have since learnt that their vessel perished•
on the coast of the island of Elba, in consequence of
a prodigious swell of the sea, which the crew could'
.110 t master..

It is armed that the Russian squadron which is
looming to the Mediterranean consists of two ships of
the line, five frigates, and two light vessels. It is
' expected about the middle of September. It is lihely
, that the high winds May have caused k considerable
damage.

Yesterday at one o'clock Divine Serviee was per.
farmed to the Panics REGENT'S Household at Carl.
ton lionte,by the Rev. Dr.'CLass.
Yesterday the Duke of Carnations visited the
PAISES Reims at Carlton Hens,.
The PRISMS Rsnatrr's Stag Hounds will meet on
Thursday, it being Holysood•day, at Hanican's
Lodge, ,ear Badmen, at ten o'clock.
Swamies! Wed 6, the Board of Asriedivre.—The
Official Report of 4, the Political and Agricultural
State ofthe Kingdom, in February. March, and April,
18161 being the substance of the Repliei to a Circu.
lar Letter, seat• by the Board of Agriculture to many
of the, most opulent and intelligent Landholders in
every County in England, Scotland, and Wales," is
just reprinted 1)4 Mr. CLIMES?, 192, Strand, in one
large volume, o. boards.
• Last week a meeting was held at the New York
Coffee-house of the Governors of the Masonic Charity
'for Clothing and Educating the Sons of Poor Free:
.masons, patronizedly th4t ,sat philanthropist Lord
Kowtow, and Several tit 'n -I•kblernen, at which
F. C. DANIEL, Esq. the itiseltutior,presided. Mr.
was impporte4 -by the Honourable Colonel
.Baotirtut.and several disthignithed Character of the
Order. A liberal subaription, was made, several
clkoditatel. were approvbd .41141 every Gentleman
prawn was highly plea'sed-Oftlt the prospect of pro.
.tecting the• offspring of Milif)oB,- as well as
allowing. their widows smarty.. Such acts, we.
• ost..saY, A&e highly beamed& to them as;Masons,
*adman begratefel tisibblffeellngs as philanthropists.
qmiture‘ Hosttrit.*ilitnidity being • St. Mat-
thew!** Day, the nsualinnual ceremonies were obwr.
rid swain to she shatter. At elivenO'clock the
Loan Maul', Sheriffs; "end Govern Ors OUthe several
Royal Hospitals attends 4 Divine Servile* at Christ
Choral, Nenigate:street,:-whito they heard an appro.
rift 4EI/11011 from thee Row Jaw SCHOLESIZLID,
A. ..Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. After
church service they repairetl to the Great Hall, in
Chrtstis Hospital, where; together with a crowded
and fashiottible audience, they received
.Ouch plea.
sure from the youthful' ea.e.rtione of the two senior
;*ghelats of that Institution.. 'Water WILLIAM Titot-
Lorldelitered the Latin Citation. The English Ora.
:tion has delivered by Mititer,
_C. LESSEM HUM MEL
Dn'vay.Latea .. Sapiraq Mr.:Kilts made his first
a ppearafiee this sea:oool%e pert OlSir Oilesaverreark,
. perforeasilsbArnighout with admirable dis-
.
effect. Lethal .no charac.
well adapted
incomparable
"'in the en-
and bril.
Know, for the
Lady All-
great MC..

• ,
... • N .
I •
• •
*. •
2'
' awl cite able. lieeetoreabl retie* an amt
1.4 STATIi Orrhd '' • , . ii( .06Kapikolosfste. ate.;
4it
ir.mmteii,A*4,o4 id.; : 1. cOatribotione *a
,IN.
is the subsieeee• , 001. ~ . 4 lli.. • . 1.111*.. . owl. issatims:: • .;. :6I"H.
..
. .4'
4‘,, ~- v...i,. . :,,., .
'pellet and latelreant . . . . °ltigviltiatir
eti-tirt,
else o*milloragit
!t tal the Board or - . . y. .
"4d' Wales, and .." itileirer Oa lain dit-Aesintss of Ocill. is
• Tim ° fersioloast all
Nat subject :‘ ' ' ' ked ji.dmala .
1111DPORDSHIRL :. Lc_ li. w tbd., agaboar—TaTerts;ier i; *fill pis .0 la * &et
r.• Hamm C. C,urr.—wrbere Is a ' •at *ssirdiatiliollo ' ' ' a trusty 'Sri II SO • W1RP0801.9.. , ,____
rising *ben 1000 sans. a tii °a i soft, kw**, tutualjeatillirklift-eXtraitOrg.rial
r an** which the *Will 0* theaw aid 'aliorat ingrollenta. Thug' they *Nan" $
at the eilenikstinsl_ ttf lore WIT& 001 % -___ ___-I_l*•_/. -1._—.....11..... iasAus a..iiiii:Jand

has a of hat seams. have--inish„ed • theier: modal cwrrollmi as
on and etecustrliewrhutiksw.geraeainsuni
lures*. earea by a glee& martyrainn, sie still, * jetheyiltele ramie. prille.braina so well
lICIOUSe - 4 the lisvistearicsestiiiittirladroftgenerous vansils,„nwers jorthis. ;loco
old by cenksarsi'vehelisier for the catiats,dt
.o have ;700r.r;laith welt waray ackiorlechredi
motlertnesissla the race shed „A *miss& eppleese of the mat surar-otis
as his: dulled with thisPeitlllt 114 Una iiiit.SiitHerieter the season.—Mrs. Kemal
wisest soissaop,,whith.tbelbre,:thie . ri.rwuwvii fifit'% the charmed* the,
Ur gaitt WM° " • 4'
"WNW ihiseititted ketfralf with JQ
tiaa-are. Z:• is raw
1.,11111t. -04 tid ?rt••
.1
•.k's •( f ICI •
.v ,itri,! um; L. • • •
• it': .- • .

THE EVENING STAR. eff=ti
•
• imam.
Tao NOON. •
av 'mien *dada dieSiTe
MONDAY, 80TEMS R
comes M. ceiairies.,4loBo ell die Mile
• . •
_ • _ . •.•
