AUST RhA.

VIENN A.-It is said, at the Russian head-quar-
ters, that the two Grand Dukes have received the
order to quit the army, because of the misunder-
standings which often result in an army from the
presence of such illustrious personages.
The policy of the Austrian Government in respect
to the Polish General Dwernicki, has turned
against itself. It wished to prevent that General
horn returning upon the field of battle, to combat
the Russians; but, behold that, wherever he is
coaducted by the Austrian police, enthusiasm
bursts out on the part of the Austrians, and an-
nounces a sympathy which they had not even sus-
rected. That proves, in an incontestible manner,
that the policy of the Austrian Government is
condemned by its own subjects. Up to the
present, the slavery of the press in Austria
prevented its from knowing the public opinion of
the Austrians. We know at present that their hearts
are for the Poles, whilst Metternich and the Ob-
,createur Austrichien are for the Russians. They
reconet in the Gazettes of Bavaria, which alone
have some liberty, details which are unheard of in
the ostentation of the Austrian monarchy. When
they knew at Trenezyn, in Hungary, that Dwer-
tiecki would pa6s through with his aid-de-camp, a
deputation from the City went before him ; he
I.3de his entry into the City to the sound of music,
ad amidst the acclamations of the people. What
brilliant revenge was this triumph for the Polish
general, the prisoner of the Austrians ! We may
judge of the sad figure which would be made by
those who, by order of the police, were charged
with the procession. From Frenczyn to Pirzenan,
'here were continual acclamations. Everywhere
popular favour condemned the rigours of
the government. It was a public protest

against the Russio-Austrian policy. These facts
support the proceedings which the States of Hun-
gary have recently made. They prove that the
Hungarian nation would not allow themselves to
be conducted against tho Poles ; and that Austria,
if she make war for Russian interests, will have to
fear an insurrection in Hungary. It is a conclu-
sion which foreign policy will not fail to draw from
the journey of Dwernicki. Austria has done well'
to guard the Polish heroes ; it required nothing
less than their presence to make known to us the
feebleness of the Austrian monarchy. Whilst she
is placing two hundred thousand men upon the
frontiers of Switzerland and Italy, she would do
well to place a few sentinels upon the frontiers of
H ungary. —Le Temps.
POLAND.

A letter from Dr. Koch, attached to the Russian
head-quarters, and which is produced by the Ga-
zette de Prusse, announces positively that Gon.
Diebitsch died of cholera. This physician says
that that malady did not reign in the head-
quarters, but that after the battle of Ostrolenka,
the weather became very bad, and the army suf-
fered all sorts of privations, he foresaw that the
cholera would declare itself. In fact, three persons
died suddenly. The General himself was attacked;
Dr. Kock, called to attend him at eight o'clock,
found him past hope of recovery.—La National.
The bulk of the Russian Army, says a letter
from the frontiers of Poland, of the 18th of June,
after having sent two corps into Lithuania, reckons
still 48,000 Infantry and 11,000 cavalry. It is
believed that these troops will be sufficient to
manoeuvre upon the left bank of the Vistula, and
perhaps seize Warsaw, the Polish Army being
very much weakened by the late combats and the
removal of several corps of the army. The reports
from Warsaw announce that they are full of con-
fidence ; they count much upon the Lithuanian
resurrection, which has assumed much energy,
since the arrival of General Gielgud; and that it
will be very difficult to stifle it. They hope soon
to learn the taking of Wilma."—Gazette d'Augs-
bouryh.
We received yesterday the news from Warsaw.
The Polish head-quarters had returned to Praga ;
the army had made an incursion into the Palati-
nates of Podlcquie and Lublin, in consequence of
which tliechiefplaces of those Palatinates had again'
come under the power of the Poles. The Russians
were bearing upon the Narew, and continued at
the same time their operations on the Palatinate of
Plocz. It is believed that they have the intention
to cross the Vistula at Nieschawa, nearly upon
the frontier of Prussia, near Thorn ; where they
have great magazines of provisions and ammuni-
tion which have arrived to them from Dantzic.
In Lithuania, the success has not been less bril-
liant; there has just this instant arrived, at the
head quarters a courier which announces to us that
two Russian columns, each of 4000 men, the first
with 10, the second with 8 canon, which had left
Bezeck, in pursuit of Chlapowski, had been en-
tirely defeated by that General, who had taken
the whole of the cannon. It is said, (but it is not
certain) that the Patriots had taken Bebinysk.
This would be most complete success. Gielgud
has passed the Niemen, and proceeds towards the
sea. The division of General Jaukowski yester-
day, went forward, on the side of Siedlic, to attack
8000 Russians who occupied that position."
The corps of the army commanded by General
Gielgud contains several distinguished superior
officers ; amongst whom we name Colonel Koso,
Chief of his Etat Major ; Pietka, Colonel of Ar-
tillery ; Generals Dembieski, Rohland, Sierakow-
ski, Szymanowski. General Gielgud conducts
800 prisoners, amongst whom are nearly 100 offi-
cers. General Sacken is wounded. General Dem-
i
benski has joined himself to the patriots, by Olita.
The Lithuanian General, Tyszkiewicz had already
sent to him, upon that point, a courier, to announce
to him that, on the southern aide, he was in com-
munication with General Chlapowski. Near Troki, ,
the Patriots had beaten the Russians, before even
'being in communication with the regular troops.l
General Chlapowski was joined by two thousand
young men of the first houses of Lithuania.-1
In the environs of Rossienna are forty thousand
Samogitians tolerably well armed and equipped. A
citizen coming from Oltarzew to Warsaw, met
upon the road seven artillerymen, with the Russian
uniform ; he asked who they were, and where they
were going: they replied, " We are Poles, of the
grand duchy of Posen, and we form part of the
Prussian army. The Government, in sending ar-
tillerymen to the Russian army, gave us Russian
uniforms, as well as some hundred others : w e are
directed towards the eastern part of Russia, and
thence to the Russian army. We have reio'Ned
then, as Poles, to profit by the first occasion to pass
the frontiers, and come to the succour of our bro-
thers." This is the hundredth proof of the neutra-
lity and non-intervention of the Prussians. Let
Europe judge now of the conduct of our neigh-
bours !—Messayer Polonais.
Russia receives the fruit of her obstinacy by
following up the insurrection of Poland with fire
and sword. She has rendered Poland unhappy;
she has put Poland to the last expedients, in order
to make head against the enormous expencea of a
war so prolonged, and which may still last a long
time. But one event which Russia did not ex-
pect, is the insurrection of the provinces of the
east. She believed at first, by striking a grand blow,
to spread terror in those countries, and frighten
the Lithuanians, as she would scare the slaves, or
some barbarous population of her empire. Then she
would discredit that insurrection. She miscarries
in every thing. If the Russians shoot the Lithuani-
ans, the patriots hang the Russians, and cruelty is
answered by cruelty. Russia, by wishing to dis-
grace the chiefs of the insurrection, has revealed
to us herself the names of the principle nobles of
the country. Her bulletins have announced, at
least twenty times, victories over the Lithuanians;
and always new troops harrass the Russian army,
thanks to the forests and marches of those coun-
tries. At present the Polish troops organise the
insurrection in Lithuania, and it will soon present
the same regularity as that of Poland. The
neighbouring provinces, Volhynia, and Podolia,
are all embued with the spirit of insur-
rection. Even in finishing with the Poles, the Rus-
sians would have difficulty to stifle that spirit, and
it may be the cause of ancient arbitrary dominion
itself to fall soon in Russia ; for, in spite of all the
despotism of that dominion, it is impossible but
the same spirit will gain by degrees into the heart
of the Russian monarchy. No doubt much time
will not pass ere the Russians themselves demand
concessions with a loud voice. The enthusiasm

EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 6.

This afternoon the ICING held a Levee at St.
James's, which, notwithstanding the extreme
heat of the weather, was crowded to excess by a
host of noblemen and persons of distinction,
anxious to manifest their respect for so good and
gracious a SOVEREIGN.

Preparations are making at the Foreign► Office,
on a manificent scale, for a grand dinner on
Saturday, to be given to Don PEDRO, the Foreign
Ministers, &c.

Observing the barrenness of the Morning Papers
with regard to continental information, we this day
feel it a duty, not only to our readers, but to our
contemporaries, to lay before them a selec-
tion of matter from the Paris papers, which
we are much mistaken in judgment—if we
are not warranted—in recommending to an
attentive perusal.
In the department of Polish news, our
readers will likewise find some intelligence quite
new, and some extracts most lucidly illustrative of
the situation of the belligerent forces. On the
whole, the view of European affairs, to be
found exclusively in this day's STAR, must, we
are assured, be duly appreciated, on a day when the
Times has declared that " the Paris papers con-
tain nothing of interest to the English reader."
As friends to the reduction of taxation, which of
course is measured by the amount of revenue, we
congratulate the country on fiscal assessments of
one million and two-thirds less this year than last
year; and on a relief in the current quarter of
nearly seven hundred thousand pounds. A great
revenue is a public calamity, not only by its severe
pressure on industry and intercourse, but as the
means of encouraging prodigal expenditure in the
government.

The public burthens in the year ending July 5,
1830, were 46 million and three-quarters nearly,
and they are happily reduced in July, 1831, to 45
millions. This is as it should be, and we fervently
pray that the diminution will be progressive. In
the comparative quarters of July 5, of both years,
the diminution has been no less than 697,6591. or
at the rate of nearly three millions per annum, a
relief for which the public will feel grateful to the
economy of Ministers.

In the past year the Administration, too, has
been chiefly in the irksome and oppressive Excise
Duties, which we are happy to say have been re-
duced a million and a half.

The only increase has been in the POST OF 'lca
which, as in some degree voluntary, may be borne
without murmuring; but as 47,000/. of the
60,000 increase, arose in the last quarter, it may
be considered as an incident of the general
Election.

Those who condole with the people on a hat they
call a fulling of in the Revenue, must be re-
garded by all who pay taxes RS false brethren.
They play too on a prejudice generated by the
Pitt System—that the prosperity of the country is
to be measured by the weight and amount of its
taxes—just as an apothecary might prove the
health of his patients by the quantity of physic
they take ; but we think the contrary, and we are
persuaded that all sensible people in England will
think with us.

In fine, the difference from taxes reduced might
have been 2} millions, but it has been but l ; af-
fording a proof of greater consumption, and encou-
raging Ministers to reduce the pressure of other
severe taxes, with a view to a similar result.
Monday last we mentioned, when all our con-
temporaries were silent upon the subject, that the
comparative defalcation in the Quarter's Revenue,
closing yesterday, would amount to about

£700,000. It will be seen by the statement,
which we have this day to insert, that we may con-
gratulate ourselves, on not having misled our
Readers ; and that the comparative decrease, as
above accounted for, by a reduction of taxation,
amounts to £697,659.

In the HOUSE OF LORDS, the Marquess of
SLIGO moved for the names of persons holding
Commissions of Peace in Ireland, as we should
hope, from late occurrences, to their extensive
revision.

Lord WYNTORD advanced another of his bills
a stage, and without any objection or observation.

In the Costmotis, after receiving some peti-
tions from Mr. HuNT and Mr. WELLESLEY,
the Hcuse proceeded in the Reform Debate.
After the repeated and varied discussion which
the subject has undergone, in and out of the
House, little novelty of argument or illustration
can be expected. Nevertheless, there were some
brilliant displays of eloquence last night on both
sides, for which we must refer to the debates,
in other columns.

Mr. R. A. DUNDAS opened the discussion in
favour of the amendment ; Capt. BERKELEY fol-
lowed in favour of the Bill; Sir J. MALCOLM
against it; Sir F. VINCENT in favour; Colonel
FRENCII with vehemence against it ; Mr. VER-
NON in its favour; Mr. DEA RING against it; Mr.
L. BULW ER in favour; Mr. LYONS against it;
Mr. GODSON for the bill ; Mr. E. PEEL against it ;
Col. To It REN s in support ofit ; Mr.TitEvoa against
it; Mr. Mac A U LEY elaborately in its favour, in a
speech exceeded only by that of Mr. O'CONNELL
in the last parliament; Mr. BANKER followed on
the other side; Lord A LTIIORP of course in favour;
Sir G. MURRAY against it; when Col. Sin-
THORP moved an adjournment till Thursday, and
Mr. HUME till this day, which was carried.—
Thus 17 Members spoke in alternation against the
Bill and for it. To-night there will be a division;
and though the numbers will be an object of cu-
riosity, yet of the adoption of the Bill by this
House there is no question.

Of the two TITHB BILLS now before parlia-
ment, the object of one (the ARCHBISHOP'S) is the
composition—of the other (Lord DAcRE'S), is the
commutation of tithes. The first empowers the
incumbent and the owners of two-thirds in value,
estimated by the poor's rate, of the titheable lands
in a benefice, to make, with the consent of the
Patron and Ordinary, a binding agreement for a
tithe composition, during twenty-one years, or a
less term, payable half-yearly, and for that pur-
pose to appoint a commissioner, auditor, &c. The
agreement must be signed and completed within
six calendar months, and one part is to be repo-
sited in the diocesan registry. To the Court of
Exchequer is entrusted the appellate power of decid-
ing on the due execution of the agreement ; an agree-
ment though not cited by the proper proportion, will,
if not vacated by it, remain valid. To the Lord Lieu-
tenant is confided the power of appointing new com-
missioners. The commissioner's powers are very
similar to the powers of commissioners under an
Inclosure Act—they will make a survey, an award,
&c. but will act under the advice of a barrister,
and must submit their accounts to the auditor. At
the expiration of the term, the composition may be
renewed, on the basis of the old assessment. Com-
positions may, by a magisterial order, be adjusted
every seven years to the price of wheat, but they
may be made, invariable, for fourteen years. The
composition is to be a precedent claim to rent and
all other
.demands. The incumbent is also em-
powered to make a similar binding composition for
any particular tithes, but if the then occupier af-
terwards becomes the occupier of other lands, the
incumbent is allowed to determine the agreement.
It would seem that the powers of composition are
intended only for the exercise of the spiritual
tithe owners. We do not see why those powers
should not be extended to lay tithe owners. The
latter are frequently under as strict disabilities as
eccclesiastics. Nor do we observe that the bill
contains any provision for the appointment of an
umpire.

The commutation bill of Lord DACRE empowms
two-thirds in value of the owners of lands to ap-
ply to the Court of Quarter Sessions for the issuing
of a Commission, to commute the tithes of the
parish into yearly corn rents, and to nominate com-
missioners and an umpire, or a sole commissioner.
The Commissioners have the usual powers--they
will make their valuation of tithe according to the
average yearly value of one fifth of the tillage
lands; oue tenth of the wood, and one eighth of
tho other lands, and to the average price of wheat,
and they are particularly empowered to allot
lands in lieu of portions of tithes. After the com-
mutation, tithes are to cease for ever. The value
of the corn rents may be re-ascertained every three
years. The remaining provisions are similar to
the other bill. The bill is defective in not autho
rising a commutation of tithes with particular'
owners. The proportion between the qualities of

cultivated land seems unfavourable to tillage ; ne-
vertheless, by a consolidation of the two bills, with
some additions and alterations, a very good measure
might be framed. One important addition would
be the power of making money compositions in
gross, which is not within the policy of either bill,
but is certainly worthy of being facilitated. Ano-
ther addition should be the exempting agreement
awards, &c. from stamp duty. An alteration
should be made by allowing the commissioners to

make their valuation user subject to l.ublic and
parochial laws, or not. We may perhaps bercafsr r
revert to the subject.

We confessed we had cherished the blpe th•
the dark days of Theological Prosecutions t.a I
passed away. We believed that no truth wai
more universally admitted by enlightened Power,
civil and ecclesiastical, than that appeals to the
force of Law on matters of opinion were ncces=••r}
proofs that the appellants declined to entiu-t then
cause to the force of logic. We admit, that co:.
troversialists may be very provoking to one arlutia.v,
but this is an affair of temper, taste, and fancy,
and as long as the question is a mere abstract opi •
nion or doctrine, the mode or manner of argument,
not being a breach of the peace, is no legitimate
affair of the Civil Power. When JENN Ea first an-
nounced the Cow pox, MOSLEY and Row LL v
only asserted that it would change the human ph).
siognomy into that of cows, but would pr041:1,,:
horns ; and they actually placarded in ti
streets, monstrous heads with horns. This was
their mode of reasoning, a graphic logic, au-
noying enough to JENN LEL ; but as a discus
sion of the abstract question, whether you -
pox was beneficial, or not, was no breach
of the peace, and, therefore, no affair for the inter-
ference of law or civil power ; and as we now know
none was necessary ; for in this case, as in all
others, if left to themselves, good sense and truth
prevail; and forgetting Row LEY'S cows, faces and
horns, Jenncr is now universally recognized as a
benefactor of the human race. Nothing could have
Leen more superlatively ridiculous and impolitic
than would have been the conduct of JEN N ER, or
his friends, if by virtue of any old statute, or any
construction of common law, MosLEv or Row LEY
had been prosecuted, and sentenced to two years
imprisonment, with security for five years, that
they should not in that time exhibit any more
cows faces and horns—and the exact parallel of this
case is any appeal to law to obstruct any discus-
sion, or any mode of discussing any abstract posi-
tion or opinion, whatever be its nature. In fact,
we doubt whether sincerity of faith would ever
contemplate any appeal to the law of force. Would
a man versed in the elements of EucLl D allow him-
self to be disturbed by any pretended refuter of
them, or would he do other than laugh at any
one who in his opinion degraded himself by sari -
caturing them ? We infer, therefore, in regard to
the Sorbonne and the Inquisition, either that the
members yielded to the current of existing preju-
dices, or that if they acted under their own impulses
they were hypocrites, and considered that if what
they taught was not protected by the secular
arm, it could not long stand, and, in truth, so in
all Protestant communities it has been proved. We
know nothing of the Suppression of Vice Society,
as they call themselves, and we doubt not but
that there may be well-disposed men among them ;
but this seems to us quite certain that the great
truths of Christianity, more even than those of
Euclid, do not, and cannot, depend on their inter-
meddling, or on the force of any supposed pal ticular
law. Let them put down the vices denounced in
the Decalogue and the Gospel, but let them keep
aloof from any and all questions of opinion, and
neither seek to convert Infidels, Mahometans,
Pagans, or Jews, by fine and imprisonment. We
say this as sincere Christians, in the name of the
tolerant Author of .our religion, and of all his
apostles. Believing in it, we defy Hell itself to
prevail against it, and we deprecate as the greatest
scandal that can be brought upon it, that the secu-
lar arm of power should in any way be called to its
aid. iVe are more especially concerned that this
should have been done in an age of enlightenment
and Liberal Government, but that of era could imi-
' tate the Sorbonne, and the Inquisition, proves that
wens' minds, like Cit ARLES the FIFTH'S clocks,
do not all move with equal pace; and that in the
March of Intellect, it is as in a convoy, there are
some slow sailors, who, if not eespised, would
' retard the whole fleet. Our argument, it may be
perceived is a purely abstract one.—We know
nothing of Mr. TAYLOR, his prosecutors, the
tribunal, or the jury ; and we inquire nothing
beyond the fact—that TAYLOR has been ques-
tioning some recognized truths; and then, instead
of leaving the truths to stand on the rock of
their own omnipotence, or him to the contempt
of true believers, he has been prosecuted, tired,
imprisoned, and held to bail not to wage hi, war
with truth for the future.

ROYAL EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.

Consols which left off yesterday at 83 for the
Account, opened at the same price, and continue so
at present. This is the first transfer day in
Consols.

TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols which were in the early part of the
morning at 834 for the account, have since litcoine
heavy, owing to some money stock coming to
market, and may be quoted to the present time
at 89.j-83.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing.
THREE OTI.OOA.
STOCK Ext.:o AN tiEe—Bank Stock, —. Three per Cent.
82 If. Three ;er Cent. I •4"ola, tx d. Three
and a Halt pti t err.. 1815, 89,1.. Time and • Halt
per Ccn:. Red. 831 11. Three anti a Hatt I,t-it cent.
New, 891 df ex div. kola per Cent. 1826, Long
Annuities, Jan. 1300, 10 111.16. Anttulties, Oct. 1859,
Itif. India Stock, —; do. Bonds. —. Ntw At.nuities,
801 ex div. .LlOOO Exchequer Bilis, 12 13; £5OO ditto,
14; £lOO and A2OO ditto. 11 14 ; Advertised, —. Cuts-
soh for Acct, 831 21.

The Queen was Letter yebterday, and in the
afternoon took an airing in an oetn landau and tour, up
Regrnt.street, round the Regent's-park, and returned by
Cumberland•gate through Hydcapark and Sc. Jamteal ail,
to the Palace.

WHITEHALL, JULY 2.

.

~~

FROM THE LONDON GAZETTE, July 5.

The King has been pleased to nominate the Rev. St. Vin-
cent Lore Ilammick, M. A. to the Ministry of Brunswick
Chapel, in the parish of St. Marylehniu#, in the County of
Middlesex and Diocese of London, vacant by the death of the
Lev. Wm. Fawssett.
WAR OFFICE, JULY 5.
Is: Regiment of Lire Guards—Lieutenant Samuel Milani
b.iyntun, from half-pay Unattached, to be Lieutenant,
lice Charles Bethel Codrington, who exchanges.
t:!: Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Cornet Charles Joseph
Trucman, from the 9th Light Dragoons, to be Cornet, vice
1.411 e.
:# Regiment of L'rltt Dragr.-ns—Lietit. Arthur Charles
IF:lliams to he C.Lp aid, by purchase, vice Lord Harley,
ho retires; Corner Mary Willoughby Legend to be
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice ‘Villions ; Cornet 1). Lyon
Campbell, from the Mir Light Dragoons, to be Cornet,
'.ice Trucman, appointed to the Ilth Drogoon Guards;
Frederick Gerard, Gent. #,#) be Cornet. by purel,a,e.
10th Light Dragoons—Lieutenant Clnisni;er 11.1m7den
Nicholson to be Captain, ht putchase, vice Kenretly. pro-
moted ; Second Lieutenant Honourable Henry Alexander
Saville, from the Rifle Brigade, to be Lieutenant. hy por.
chase, vice Nicholson.
13th Light Dragoons—Sraff-Asaistant-Surgeon John f. :ark,
M.D. to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice Thomson, deceased.
11;th Light Dragoons—George William Key, Gent. to he
Cornet, by purchase, vice Campbell, appointed to the 9th

. .
Light Dragoons.
I.t. Regiment of Foot—Staff-Assistant-Surgeon Robert Tor-
tie to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice Steele, deceased.
Foct—Ensign Them as l'oenct to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice May, promoted ; Richard Andrew Hya-
cinth Kirwan, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice

Connor. _
I t•th Foot—Captain Robert Ellis. from the 49th Foot, to be
Captain. vice Bentley. deceased.
Vial Foot—Captain Philemon Coultman, from the half.
1,4 y, to be Captain, vice Ellis, appointed to the 16th
Foot; Assistant-Surgeon William Smith. from the 41st
Foot, to be Assistart.Surgeon, vice Urquhart, de-

ccased.
4i th Font—Alexander Mitchell, Gent. to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Wyatt, who retires
:)I,t Foot—Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Synge, from half-
pay Unattached, to be Lieutenant-Coloncl, vice Samuel
kice, who exchanges.
ti7th Foot—Lieutenant Thomas Frederick Richardson,

front half-pay 95th Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Samuel
Robinson, who exchanges.
Nth Foot—Captain Edwatel Basil Brooke to be Major, by
purchase, vice Snow, who retires; Lieutenant Isaac Elton
to be Captain, by purchase, vice Brooke ; Ensign Chatles
Christopher Davie to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice
Elton ; Sydenharn Snow, Gent. to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Dark.
hill Brigade—Robert Duncan Ferguson, Gcnt. to be Se-
cond Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Saville, promoted in
the 10th Light Dragoons.
