s i~

1;1

i

I;

~'

1

fi

:
.11
,
I

tth-

,

i+ ~~it.
,l

'RV Awl) SCIENCE.

SONO OF THE POATMRN TO OANOA.
Written in Riegnsh hv 'outlive Hivelon.
(k' RiTIT! mold Itiver ! how aollairly row
()or hark on the bright breast is lifting her mow—
l' the pride of her hesuty how swiftly she flies.
Like a white pinioned spirit o'er topaz-paved skim

GA! River ! gold River I thy bosom is calm,
And o'er thee, the breezes are shedding their balm
And Nature beholds her fair restores pourtrayed
1r the glass of thy bosons—serenely displayed.
gold River 1 gold River ! the sun to thy wave%
Is fleeting, to rest in thy cool coral caves ;
And thence, with his Liar of light, in the morn,
He 11 rise, and the skies with his glory adorn.
Old River 1 gold River ! how bright is the beam,
That lightens and crimson. thy soft flowing stream;
Whose waters beneath make a musind clashing,
Whose waves as they burst in their brightness are fleshing.
Gold River: gold River ! the moon will soon grace
The hall of the stars with her light shedding face;
The wandering planets will over thee throrg,
And seraphs will waken their music and song.
Gold River 1 gold River ! our brief course is done.
And safe in the city our home we have won,
And as to the bright sun now dropped tram our view,
So Gangs, we bid thee a cheerful adieu."
THE RIVER NIGER.
.2. We extract the following notice from that well-coo-
ducted weekly review—the Atheneum—a publication to
which we are frequently indebted for very valuable informa-
tion, in Literature, Science and Discovery
:
To THE EDITOR—Sir—An account concern-
ing the River Niger is, I see, now making the
round of the newspapers, and copied from a con-
temporary publication, as one of great novelty and
of extraordinary importance ! I do not deny that
the account alluded to, inasmuch as it contains a
specific, and I presume authentic, statement of the
exit of that long and large river into the gulf of
Guinea, is entitled to notice ; for it assuredly
is : but I do most emphatically protest against the
novelty of the statement, that the Niger empties
itself into the gulf of Guinea.
In the year 1819 it was my particular fortune
to be introduced to Mr. George Robertson, an en-
terprising Scotchman, but who had been for some
time connected with Liverpool as a merchant. In
that year he put into my hands, to be revised for
the press, his " Notes on Africa;" a work of con-
siderable interest, and abounding with much ori-
ginal information concerning that portion of
Africa commonly called Nigritia. Robertson had
made many voyages to that country, and was, I
verily believe, much better acquainted with it than
any one European who has ever visited it. He was
well acquainted also with several of the scanty
languages of the natives, and had bad much inter.
course with them. Not only in numerous conver-
sations with me on the exit of the Niger, but also
in his " Notes on Africa," did he state, most de-
cidedly
and positively, that that river did empty its
waters into the gulf of Guinea; and he spoke so
strongly and clearly on the subject that, from the
moment it was mentioned to me, I never had the
least doubt of the truth of the statement. The map,
too, with which his work was accompanied, was
drawn with the Niger thus disemboguing itself.
But, notwithstanding Robertson's account was so
clear, not one of those persons to whom I have
spoken upon the subject, connected with geogra-
phical map making, has chosen to adopt Robert-
son's account : for I see that our maps of Africa
have now no large river disemboguing itself into
the gulf of Guinea ; although of such disem-
boguing stream or streams, (for there are, it seems,
several of such, forming a sort of Delta, as
many other large rivers do,) no rational doubt
could be entertained. Justice to George Robert-
son, and to the geographical history of the Niger,
requires this statement from me. I have no inte-
rest in the book ; but I do feel that, as the Editor
of it, it is quite proper that this account of it and
of the exit of the Niger should be made public.
I am, Sir,
The Editor of " Notes on Africa."
London, May 23, 1831.
MODERN OXFORD.
Treastalionfront the preface of Alluvium W. Scinsost.
so the lately published Ancient lipie,--entitled—
Ramoyersa."
'•I found," says the indefatigable German,' a
tattered fragment of 'be last books of the • Rama-
yana' at Oxford, but it is worth while to relate how
this happened. I was informed by the celebrated
Charles Wilkins, that the Arabic, Persian, and
innscrit books had been sent thither, which James
Fraser collected in the eta in the middle of the last
century, and enumerates at the end of his life of
Nadir Shah ; and my learned informant assured
me that he had himself seen them at Oxford about
twenty years before. I wrote to Alexander Ni-
chol!, a professor at Oxford; his answer was, that
be knew nothing of these MSS. • if they ever
were in existence, they had doubtless been lost
long ago.' The learned professor of Oxford cer-
tainly speaks of the loss of MSS. quite as a matter
of course : • codices istos ipsi plane ignotos ease ;
si unquam exstiterint, sine dubiodadum deperditos.
I gave up almost all hopes of finding them,' Schlegel
continues, " nevertheless I went to the very fa-
mous seat of learning. I was kindly received by
the celebrated Alexander Nicholl, whose recent
death is a misfortune to oriental literature ; he
conducted me to the Bodleian library, of which he
then had the care, and showed me a single volume,
containing some mythological fables and a medical
treatise, and he declared that there was no other
Sanscrit manuscripts there. Notwithstanding his
declaration, I relied upon the distinct and import-
ant testimony of Charles Wilkins, and persisted
in urging and questioning him for some time, when
he at last thought of the Ratcliffe library. He ac-
cordingly hunted out his colleague, the libraries
of that collection, who weU remembered Fraser's
Arabic and Persian manuscripts, but as for the
Sanacrit he had totally and entirely forgotten them.
We commenced a diligent search: at last we drew
forth from a press, which had long been unvisited,
the separate and torn portions of manuscripts,
covered with dust and dirt, and leaves rolled up
together proniiscuously. Oh ! what destruction
did 1 then ace! Nothing was ever scattered
more confusedly from the Sybil's cave into every
quarter of the heavens, when the leaves on which
she used to write her oracles, were carried away by
a sudden storm. I was not able to examine them
all, for I was in haste to return home, it being late
in the autumn, and winter was approaching. I
selected, however, from the midst of that disgrace-
ful confusion a fragment of the Romayann, and I
together almost the entire MS. of the poem
ohni epiphaneia (Sri Bhdgaveta Purdna,)'
irranged as many of the leaves as 1 could
their order. 1 had already noticed the
ntiquity of the writing, and I read with
astonishment these dates at the end of th

books, ' Samvat, 1461-1463, i. e. A. au.'
1405-2? The most ancient in the king's library
at Paris la a MS. of the same poem, which was
written sixty-five years after, ' >amvat, 1528, A.
Chr. 1472. The University of Oxford, therefore,
although still ignorant of its wealth, possesses a
MS. which. is most rare and indeed unique in
Sanscrit literat.sre."

TER FIG.GARPENS AM-41.TrIGENTEVIL, NEAR
PARIS.

In the neighbourhood of this village, on the
road to St Denis, the fig is cultivated like the
vine,and often mixed with it in the open fields. The
figs are low spreading bushes, none of them higher
than six or seven feet, with the branches proceed-
ing from the centre or stool in five or six clusters
or bundles; each consisting of thred or four lead-
ing branches with their side shoots. The angles
which the bundles make with the ground may be
a►,out forty-five degrees. The cause of the shoots
being in bundles, and of the obliquity of this
angle, is, that the bundles are every winter bent
down to the ground, and either held down to it by
stakes or stones, or partially or wholly buried in the
earth.lt is se mistake to suppose a covering of er rth is
required to protect them from the frost : pressing
them to the surface of the ground, and retaining
them there, as done with the vines in the south of
Germany, is sufficient. It is only because it is
found the cheapest mode, labour being less costly
than either stones or stakes, that the branches are
most frequently partially buried. An old man and
his wife described to us the manner in which the
trench for each bundle of branches was dug out, and
the bundle held down by one man,while another co-
vered the extremities with about a foot of earth. The
centreof the bush is sometimes enveloped in straw;
but this is considered too expensive to pay. Any leaves
and unripe fruit which may be on the branches are
removed when the branches are laid down, to pre-
vent their rotting the young shoots. In spring,
when the earth is removed, the bundles are untied
and the branches restored to their former position ;
the dead wood is then cut out. Almost the only
pruning given is in June, when the points of all
the young shoots are pinched off, to enlarge the
size and hasten the growth of the fruit. Whenever
a shoot becomes too stiff to bend down it is cut off
close to the ground, and a young sucker is allowed
to take its place. The figs which proceed from the
wood of the past year ripen-naturally ; but those on
the wood of the current year frequently do not
ripen at all, and almost always require artificial aid.
This aid consists in dropping a little oil into the eye
or dower of the fruit.

The woman mentioned was employed for this
purpose, and showed ns how it was performed. She
had a small phial of olive oil suspended from her
apron-strings, and in her hand the upper part of a
stalk of wheat, forming a tube open at both ends,
about five inches long. She inserted the small
end of this tube in the phial, and, before taking it
out, placed her thumb on its upper and broadest
end, to prevent, by intercepting the pressure of
the atmosphere, the oil which bad risen is the tube
from flowing out ; with the other head she then
turned towards her the eye of a full-grown
fig, and applying it to the small end of the
straw tube, lifted her thumb from the other
end, just long enough to let a smell drop of oil
enter the orifice in the fig. Before requiring a fresh
supply of oil, she performed this operation to ten or
twelve figs. The object of this application, she
told us, was to ocasioa a sort of artificial ripening,
or easy separation (pour les faire partir) of the fig
from the shoot. It certainly renders them eatable ;
but they are far from being equal to those which
are ripened naturally.

♦vaoua BOREALIII. (New York Paper,
April 19.)—0n Tuesday evening a remarkably
beautiful and splendid Northern Light appeared in
the heavens. From the Zenith so the horizon the
the sky was almost covered with a broad glare, en-
ceptiog only a segment towards the north formed
by the arc of a large circle which. rose about 10
degrees, nearly under the pole-star, and sank to-
wer& the east and west. That part of the sky ap-
peared as if covered by a deep said
cloud, and showed neither the stars nor the light of
the A urora. Just above it scintillations and feeble
flames appeared, which there, as well as is ether
parts above it, frequently varied in form and Wen-
city. Broad circular spots occasionally ap-
peared in different places, of superior brightness,
which were compared by As observer to the
most glowing parts of sheet iron unequally
heated ; and now and then long rays or beano of
light would extend towards the smith, with a few
tending towards the moon, and soon fade and give
place to others. Repeatedly also spots would
suddenly brighten up in different parts of the sky,
of well defined limits, as if a strong light had been
thrown upon them through an open door or win-
dow. The sheets and rays of light extended a sea-
siderable distance south of the eastern sod western
quarters of the Heavens, net diminishing in bright.
ness, especially towards the east.
ORNITHOLOG Y Off LONDON.—A few years
since, London nutubered among its inhabitants an
unchartered company of rooks, who occupied by
prescriptive right the boughs of the greet plane
trees of St. Dunstan's in the East; but being dis-
turbed during the building of the Custom-house,
they took their departure, and have not since
deigned to return. A few years since, a crow ac-
tually built its nest between the wings of the dragon
on the top of Bow-church steeple (a thorough
cockney he). The place was well selected for se-
curity, as the head of the dragon always pointed to
the wind, and the two wings protected the nest on
each side ; the place was also sufficiently capacious,
for the body of the dragon is almost as large as
that of a horse. A gentleman, with much bad
taste, amused himself by shooting balls at the crow
from an air-guu ; but between the wings of the
dragon he sat secure. Unfortunately, the steeple
required repair, and the scaffolding and workmen
disturbed the family, and they took their flight from
the twgrateful city, as unworthy of their wesesice.
A pair of crows, supposed to be the same, have this
spring taken up their abode iu the top of the lofty
plane-tree iu Wood-street, close to Cheapaide. The
lust season a hawk built his nest under the dome
of St. Paul's, and a similar occurrence took place
half a century since. A few years ago one of the
falco tribe took up his abode in the steeple of Spi-
talfields church, to the sad annoyance of the ama-
teurs in that pigeon-fancying neighbourhood,
where it remained until it became necessary to
repair the steeple, when his nest was found cramieed
with the feathers and bones of his victims. Ile had
otten been fired at, but in vain.—From De.
Mitchell's Lectures

PANORAMA OF THE MUSH
EMPIRE.

1 The STAR has for Irma Mattis exhibited such a pie.
fur, :of the Domestic Events of the Empire, as never
berme was attempted. It gratifies unspeakably the natives
of districts who reside in London and distant counties, and
in a LETTER TROY Ho= to every provincial in foreign
ommtrles, or in the colonies. It ratios gm into general
importance the exertions of local talents in every public
MK Then as this is • duty performed alone by the STAR,
theme local patriots would 11l deserve their name, if the STAN
and its interests were not reciprocally promoted by them in
every district. We know it has been so In miny places, and
the STAR in principles, and in all the best qualities of a
paper, has justified preference ; but we reasonably expect
the same attentions MIT 111118114 u the means of at
once recompensing our diligence, and adding to the utility of
our valuable and exclusive information. We call also on the
Provincial Proprietors of Papers, whose local labours we
dm illustrate, and invite with earnestness their powerful
attentions in promoting these interests of the Paper which
they best understand. Re notoriously easel all London
Papers fa priority of Amiga News, and our display d the
transactions of the country is equally exclusive and re.
eminent.

TYNE MERCURY. MAT 31.
Tress Ptertint.=—The decided majority of these men have
retested to work, the owners is the different collieries caps-
ing on what terms they pleased. In the number Brew work
ins are Backwash, Bunton. Killingworth, Callinitwood,
Main, Coslodge, Cramlimtee, Felling, Heston, Hotspur,
Jane', Manor WanseW, Mount Men, Ounce. Pontop,
end Gamfield, Beibill, Sheriff Hill, Aphigwell,
Toweley, Tanfleld- Moor Walker, Willingtou sad Wide
Open. In oddities to these, we understand the ten have
agreed at Reword', Howarth, and Hartley, sad will be at
work this week. But 011 several an off work,
namely, Percy Main. ?swan, Hetsbars, Goaferth,
Callerten, Benwell, Russell's Benham, Team, Tyne lissia,
Wylam, Shipeote. and Liddelre Main. Though ft be true
that the owners et each particular colliery have made the
best terms they could for their own concern, it le 'phi clear
that the servants have triumphed over their masters in the
struggle. When the men lest &anted their employment,
we have no !malts's+ in saying, they had good grounds of
complaito against the *wan. We believe that the dispute
has brought to light abuses, of the existence .1 which the
'men themselves were ignorant.
The burgesses of this town appear to have resolved to
hasp themselves as much as possible before the publi:. At
one time they pee a prose of disinstrestedisse, by
linplick reliance on their ireprnestatives, allowing lactiptil
act as they pleased is reference se the refer,. hill. This
was before the bill was bine* out. The moment it made
its apparent' they retractel, they palled thawing foe
their independence and public virtue, and urged their mem-
bers to insist that all theft privileges should be preserved in.
name. This great pr nsion and distinguished illiberality
excited a feeling of dtweet. The burgesses redeemed their
characters by resolving that they w.uld not require the con.
cessioa of any fancied rights et their owe, but would ask
only dut which was kw the general welfartL-they enjoised
their representatives as so mount to the passfog
of the bill by their opposition to it. They will set safer
we to retain the favourable opines we then teemed of them.
It I. notorious that a very disgroorfid practise has existed
fee many years in Newcastle, whemeen there was no coolest
foe the representation. The members have been is the habit
of giving diluters so the burgesses alkst the election, or ten
shillings pee men to sack as preferred money se eating sod
drinking. This hos long been aa established and discredit.
able custom. The Barber Sotgoat's '...!morssr, meek tc
their credit. have come so the determination of net swop.
lag of the Aeon or the aver. A similes resolution was
propelled in several ether companies, but rejected. Though
the companies, however, with the ►hunoutible exertion we
have mestioneil, absolutely refused when asked to forego
this pitiful gratliicatio.„ smell members of ohs House
Carpenter's Compay, sad some few Wieldeds is other
cillolnnits, spurned the proffered seat, and caused their
names to bc Knock out if the lists.

On Whit.blooday, the schouimasters' Assodedse held
its annual meeting at the school.room of William Clarke,
treasurer, Ceenol.strut s the rules, as certified the bar.
lister at law, appointed under the late Act of Paliamset.fee
the better regulation et honed% societies, weft laid baton the
meshing, and ordered to be printed. The reossms baring
bets audited, sad, Doweitbstandiag the Numerous claims upset
the fund during the law year, is was hand, by she aid of
donatioae and additional aaaual sabsseiptieNel the Wanes
was 51L la favour of the Association. The neembont aka.
wards dined together at the George law
Paoroseas user Rocs in Newcarrix.—Oter readers
would waive I. our last week's paper a asensmieation
signed /Imam, proposing to convect lealgais ism a deck.
The importance of docks to Newcastle is such, that their
nen.existease bap be.. aloe deeply regretted by metchaats
and ehip.owneta= and we trust the sublets will be @otiosely
considered by those gentlemen el capital and kiluence, who
have the power of aseelentiag se useful a public week.
The good people of Daraardesatle, to order to peewees the
easneory of the bill, have absolutely blotted out the name at
a swam, and ham painted est is oanspiewma simmers, la-
sted of L. the words " Reform Sweet."
Till we sw the followisg is hir. lititebore Paper, we
were strangers is the eiessaistaness which k meadow, and
i have doubts whether it is not a fabrication s

Cuougait Mossus.—The following i. w OlLifille of a
low from Saint OM% which arrived in leaden en Fri.
day t.—" The weather has been exceedingly cold anal width'
the past week ; mew we have suhry burning days, with a
neeth•easserly wind, and cold cutting nights—the moos un.
healthy weather imaginable. I ant grieved to state that
symptoms indeed, amdirmed symptoms—of the Cholera
Maims have just made their appearance here amongst the
linglieh, who comae of apwasds of four hundred. families.
Mr. Archbald was ameba as Wednesday within big
hours, abscesses ceninsenced under hie ann.pos, and before
the neat evening he wee a mope. Mt.. Eurgeek lady of
high family and oannesime, was attacked in a s mWr man-
na*, with the SIMIlli distressing multi. The symptoms,
which I hare alluded to, are the same shish inveriehly .c.
ceinpmy the pli and confirm me in the opinion
that the Russian Mimi Mashes is alights mese nor km
than the plague itself. The English bevy an all dreadfully
alaantel t but, as only the two cases I have neentioned have.,
as yet made their appearance, dolt anxiety is gradually sub.
siding. The small-pox and the masks have committed
dreadful ravages here during she lest two months t end,
what 6 moat singular, the only persons who have been af. I
fend am the English. de many as eight &althea have
died in one day. The French surgeons appear to be com.
rely ignorant of the mode of treating these disorder&
have new two English surgeons here, who may, lite.
rally, be said we have their hands full Until the ravages of
them two dismay's had commensed, and the appearance of
eo horrid a visite/ as the Cholera Moan's, we were ex-
tremely gay ; but sow things are greatly altered. and mourn.
lag las usurped the place of gaiety and life. You will bear
frog we again, should further symptoms of the Cholerashow
themselves, " by mod of mouth, and in pereon."— P.& I
have but time to say that my medical attendant has just
called, aka Informs me that appearances of Outlets have
manifestsa themselves in two other families near the out.
shirts of the town, and that three of the children and a sir.
vs" girl are hourly expected to fall victims to its powerful
erects."

Cuassur Pmts.—Whist, Northumberland. whits,
new, per qr. NU tu 74s t Du. red do. 38s to 725; Marwick,
red, 64. to era • white. 64s to 808 Scotch, white, 'tie to
Ms; Wattle, (Ills to 708. ; Foreign, nil, tls 54 to Wet
Rye. Nuetula, 30. to 36.; Foteign 30e to 38s; North
Country 30. to 345; Barley, Norfolk, new, 38. to 424
lierwicit, du. 34. to 38e ; Foreign. grinding, 244 to 36.;
Mat. Norfolk, pay, gas to 7us ; Oats, potatoe. 28s to 326 ;
do. consotoo 22. to 3U. 4 Foreign (free), 24* to 265; Boma,
366 to 30*; Ptaste, bailers, 40e to 44s ; grey or bug, 3134 to
40* ; nous, line, per wick, 635.
COAL Mammy, Mav 27.—Felliag Main 21s. KU.
liogrurth 20.. Liddell's Main 21e. Pontup Windsor 21s.
Snipeute 22* 6d. Tanfield 24. 6d. Wasmd Bell and
Brown Mk Do. tiewicae and Cu. 31s. Do. Brown's
2811 rid to 30s. Do. Ortenwell 26.. Do Bessubib South
Muur 21s. launbton Primrose 26s 6d. Fonds Moor Main
21s. Welland Stewart's 32s 3.1. Do. Cleveland Hems
28.. Do. Teen 30.34. Cuwpen 26.. Hartley 27a. Ben.
swish South Moot Printwee smell lfie. lid. Wallsend
Ileautish South Moor do. 16e 64-471 ships et market,
21j suit!.
aIeIhRIED.—At Paris, W. Septinoni Lark, 70norr1
sou of J. Lomb. RN to Sarah, fifth daughter of li. Loeb,
listi—Michael Robson, Esq. of Walt Chutun Hones, to

Manteret, only surviving daughte► of the late 'Wm. Harri-
son. R•q. North Shields—At Haversham, ailer a Right to
Germany. S. R. R. Henry. Raq. only son of & Henry. F.Aq.
oreristol. late of Rarbsd to Elisabeth, semi daughter
of Wm. Malin', Req. of Rldside Cottage, Westmoreland.
DIED.—At the house of her father (the R. R. Brand-
ling, Goforth House, Mrs. Charles OW Elves,
George Cayley, Req. M.D. formerly of great eminence in
his profession. He was found deed in his led.—At Aln.
wick, Mr. James Russell. universally esteemed nal re.
sPerted..—Mary, wife of Richard Lowry. of Darlimhill
House, neer Carlisle. Req. aged /18.—As Hull, Wm. Os-
bourne, Req. senior alderman, 85.—At hark, Northum-
berland, Walter, second son of Thomas Selby, Eiq.
PLYMOUTH & DEVONPORT JOURNAL,

DINE 2.

At the anneal meeting of the Devon and Cornwall Hord.
others! Society, the Secretary, Dr. Hamilton, after a high
end merited eutoglum on Commissioner Rom, stated that
to his individual kindness he was indebted for again calling
their attention to the Pita plant, which he had at length
succeeded in Introducing, through the active Undoes of Mr,
Watts, his Majesty's Consul at Collagens, into Jamaica.
Of the decided superiority of the fibre of this plant over that
of hemp they had now an opportunity of satisfying them.
selves by a memoriam of the two specimens before them,
and ticketed with the amount of their respective weights.
He thee proceeded to point out the qualities which
rendered the Pita fibre preferable to hemp. as also the
disadvantage under which. in point of strength, it laboured
in its present rude state of manufactote. " When, home.
ever, he said, " this beautiful fibre comes to be ritanatee-
tured is our own Weeks with the skill of British cultiva.
tors, there can be little doubt that the balance of ovength
will woe he fated to prepoodessee as powerfully is fa-
vour as its superiority in other respects already does, and
Belisle, Tamil from bar dependance farads essential ard.
eh of maritime stores, epee notices jealous of her pewee,
and envious of hey prosperity, will at ana contribute so the
kopeovement of her am, and the revival of West heath
ty, by drawls. bee pplies of cordage and mamba
prosperity, sa
er subjects I. the West Indies rather than from her
Ovals in Europe. In the thethoplishirent of this natiamal
and at the same time philanthropic object men of all par.
tee sod of all opinions should cordially unite, thane who
ate desirous of ameliorating the bitter let of slavery, me lose
than those who act only from a raped foe the interest of
the plaster—does it most be obvious to all, that the onset
meat emessmily participate I. the incomed prosperity of
his master, aid whatever costributes se render perm
mere valuable, must powerfully conduce to this benevolent
and.' He thee directed the emotion of the modal; m
de-inch cube of • Guaymas (the ZoppApthies enthrone
eflattia—and not to be asofounded with the Careen.
or Ikpesin riga) • species of timber highly vale-
=re its hoorroptibility ; and alluded m • new plant of
the Minna family at Mr. Peatory's, end to the application
et Witty's Palest Furnace to horticultural pompom
OVlLDlitatt, TIIIIMIDAT.—A Pie which bad netted
mesiderable interest in this port among the merchant smoke
was this messing decided. on tee joint retaliate of plaintiff'
aid defendant, by the award of the worshipful the mayor
It famed the subject of a charge of ill matelot received by
Athos Mitchell, mate of the scheme Pomona. of Landes,
mew delivering cam at this poet, at the hands of Samuel
Spine. @newer et the said nisei The evidence at the
pot of the plaintiff west ea prove the oconrenee et the cit.
onmstasces, which eseadtateil the complaint, aid which It
two stated had takes plinth shipboard in the mama of
Sonia Juliana, in Sicily. The ill matinee& emnplained
eideleaml, h would appose, la the mate's secommendatiou of
hsssp towards one of the mew, whom the Captain was p-
itfalls. The waster, le his deface. sharged die mots with
amdmous passionmad neglect of duty s bat she seldom
of the crew, who wen present. leit the charge, in die °piston
of the sweet, theoppseted. At the dote of the *videos,
which occupied a oansidembie time be she erseriestiem of the
stew, and the aosweithumatien of the maw, the Mayor
amistaversed is the feedlot of the Cagoule. He remarked,
that le could net dispel. of the case tale= by ethesst of the
pee, sad,should use ibis he rested, it must be decided
le a impedes oath The ponies then withdrew, sod it wee
sherd rite aspowed by the pesfessissal adviser of the
t, that both poetise weed is referring it se the
ape's ofreislow The mope thee determined that a sem
of five pounds should be pid by the master to the same, sal
accoutpaied his decision with a maim to the fawn is be
aware of dr.ailse acts of unratherised oppression.
Guinea* WOWS —Oa Weems to our shipping kw
tailrace, it will be sons thee a vessel, the Cenesed,- lath
wish wheat and hemp. arrived pow* from It and lam
beta plated under quainatise. Who we seaside, that the
cholera meths, is rapt, in Lithuania; doe it regale's she
ammo vigilance lest the coasegien speed to Hassle one.
queued the wale ea the Dwias ; and that ea Poles are
needy half way se the cameo of the Lithasaiso hounectiom
at Jests:burgh and Hanthinnee—we cannot too smugly es.
contenead she Noisiest onfuseenteet of the Quarastiae Rep.
W
era lammed that the popoladom of this mom frees
dm ethos whith has hem taken this week is asset; KOMI.
We shall give the saact soaker in the nest.
It is emoody .k.erally believed that a pew
modem la the eer repined
y we mkt immediately; and it I.
stated that she Captales the Hew. D. P. Brauterie
wit be promoted to the rank of Rear. Admirals.
The ontimot for 4 les of wheat at the Victualer
Aloe, was takes ea Tuesday, as follows s.-1/10 re Marrs.
Fos. as 13s Id pee ; SOO ys Mr. Lindos. at Ins 34
per quarter.
The Pike window, IS, Captain A. T. IL Vidal. bevies
perviously bad her pas takes mak merited in Friday frost
Perammuth. on her way to IrelsaL The Pike has bees
placed made? the osninand of Captain Vidal, for the express
purpose of esabliag that scientific officer io esamise the ma.
v*dsm slag she wester* coasts of Ireland and the Hebrides.
T 6 maim outline of the pest bank on which she British
Lamas woad has never yet bees traced, and this is the sp.
abates& el Captain Vidars appointment.
iwtcritorstressie Anacmora--Dittimeg the mass
shadow at Lortwithiel, a freeholder. a thorough oet-thil.aus
refoemee. showed of in the following meaner, and which tor.
cited ailed of amusement at the time. He cents Into the
town mounted ea as ass, gaily demisted with the colours of
Penderoes and Lome, and his ma's ears adorned wkh the
colours of Vyvyan and Valletert. The strange appearance
caused Wittily, to which the Cobham= replied, •' My as.
and myself have had a dispute :illative to the merits of the
different esedidates; and as we have been a long thus sat
mutinied, we wen unwilling to owe to blows, therefore we
agreed that seek should wear the colours agreeable to the
woe he intended to give, and this is the reason why I am
dressed in favour of Pendanes, and my ass's ears in that if

V3reran.•
11 •• are may M anuouriee the death °leapt. O.M. Jones,
of the navy, a gallant and able dicer. who bad distin-
guished Mmeelf wider his friend bit Hoge, in hi..
splendid earrlees up the Mediterumeau. Capt. Jose* pub-
lished In two very able volumes, the milk of hie travel*
throughout she Russian empire, in which he was honoured
by the most lattalig friendship of the imperial family...
This highly intimated gentleman and brave officer, in a state
of debility from Ohms, received such animas injury in a
fall down a pseciphous flight of steps at Malta, that he died
them days afterward, in a state of great suffering.
Liskeard.—What, 40. ed per lung bag of 16 gallons ;
Barley Xs 64; Oats, 9. per 24 gallons.
Launceston.—Wheat 47.; Barley I's Gl; Oats fts.
Bodmin,--Whest fir ; Batley ; Oats Ss.
renzance...—Wheat ; Barley 14s; Oats 9s.
St. `(,plumb.—Wheat 46. ; Bark"' 12a Od.
NARIOED.—John Curyton Roberts. of Trevol, to
flarriet, youngest daughter of the 1t.,. N. V. Mime, Hec-
tor of St. Mary de Castro, Guernsey —E. Love Baidy,
daughter of W. Biddy, Fay. to T. Nude, Esq. of DIMON
Cornwall.
DIED.—In Jubilee-street, J. Welch, Eaq In St.
Aubyn-street, Devonport, Mrs. Mutter, wife of Rutter,
Esq.—At Stoke, 90, Susannah, relict of the late J. Mor-
tises, En.

In eastern, and indeed all tropical climates, ex-
posure to the moon's beams is said to be prejudicial
to health ; and sailors assert that fish exposed by
night to the moon acquire a deleterious proyerty.
An inquest was held yesterday, in the Com-
mittee-room of notherlathe workhouse, or the body of
John liernerby, one of the seamen who accompanied Capt.
Perry on his voyages of discovery towards rise Nardi Pole.
From the evidence a appeared that the deceased was rbip.
keeper of the Ilmla, one of the vessels employed in disco-
very and that. having spent the day on shore, be went on
board at II o'clock the same night. The next morning,
having been misted, a search was made in that part of the
river near •here the Heels was lying. and the body was
found. The Jury were of opinion that the devised fill
overboard by sentient, and a verdict to that effect was re-
tants&

THE LA'Z'E APMIRAL LORD NORTNEB/C,
This gallon Office died a few day. ago, at the eery ad.
Tamed age of elb yews. /Penmen of his arduous profession,
and as distingibltml therein, can hornet of the same ex
period of life. Ho was born in the year 174 a. ands.
early period, he shspeed the Navy as a perembon. Afters°
undergoing a very kog sad severe probationary service, lord
Roschill (his father being then living) obtained his rani as
lieutenant in the navy t kat not by several years so
the boo Lord Nelson (who was his junior in age by eight
years) although they lad been between two and three ee'rOr
midshipmen together In the same cock.pit. In they 'ear
pm of his career the Noble Lash did not, from, it is be:
lieved, the politics of his family, obtain that promotion
the service, to which his friends, from hie rank in society,
thought him entitled ; certainly not before he proved to his
superior officers that he was a man well acquainted with his
duty as a brave and experienced seaman, and making him.
pelf beloved by those individuals who were placed under his
-
commuted. As the commander of different ships of war
while a Port Captain. they were remarked for the high*
state of discipline to which be brought the ship's company,
and Lord Medina's ship was always remarked la the doe;
as what seamen term a twat ship.
During the mutiny at the Nore, in 1797, his Lordship,
was, like many other gallant offices, obliged to leave his
ship hi the possession of his mutinous crew. But he was at
that time at peril and disaster sufficiently popular and res.
peeled by the sailors to be permitted to visit the line of battle
ships ham time to time ; and his Lordship and the late
Toed Keith, (who had then arrived from the Cape of Good
Hope, after capturing that settlement, with all the warlike
and mercantile shipping which the Dutch possessed in the
southern hemisphere,) greatly contributed to the restoration
of order among the ships at the Nave.
lord Northesk, in the course of promotion, obtained his
rank ass Rear-Admiral, and was n.time employed
at sea ander the command of his distinguished relation, the
late Ravi St. Vincent. Hem the only opportunity he had of
showing his ability in his profession was a strict regard to
the health and discipline of the rear squadron of the fleet,
under the command of the gallant Jervis.
le 180 b, we find Lord Northesk with his flag on board
the Britannia. Captain Charles &Wen in the hiediterra.
Dean. ended' Cade. On Sir Robert Calder coming to Bog.
land to demand scowl-martial to inquire into conduct In.
pared to him in his etanent with the French fleet upon
its return from the West Indies, the British feet was left
under the command of Admiral Collingwood, and Lord
Northesk as seemed in command. The immortal Nelson
joined them of Cadiz, after a quick passage from Pom-
mes* mid took the command as senior officer ; and in a
few days thereafter the battle of nattiest was fought. All
oar readers know the result of that day's hard fought fight,
sod that Lord Nontoxic, and every man on board the Bri-
tannia, did their duty.
His Lordship's ill.bealth in January, 1806, induced him
OP a* lean a return is England for its restoration ; and fee
several years he lived in private life greatly respected. lie
wan mask a Knight of the Bath, and received a gold medal
fur his services at Trafalgar. Lord Northesk was afterward,
appointed Cosamairdev.in.Chief at Portsmouth, and subse.
quettly to the same distinguished situation at Plymouth,
both which appointments he held many years—the two most
enviable appointmenta in time of peace which can be con.
leered upon a naval officer of the highest rank for past Kg.
ekes. His pretest Majesty, while lord High Admiral, ap.
pointed the Earl of Northesk Rear• Admiral of Great Bri.
lain, a seminal appointment of the first rank, and he war, at
the time of his death, an Admiral of the red squadron of his
Majesty's lees.
-
POl/ l'ilEL111114•RY. The provisions
about to be introduced by Lord Wynford's Bill will,
it is believed by the profession, prove highly be-
neficial in preventing the frauds which have so
bag been practised to the great injury of credi-
tors, by debtors' property, who prefer spending It
and wasting it in a gaol, or the rules of a gaol, to
giving up their estates to the liquidation of debts,
however just. There are many characters of the
description meant in this bill in the several prisons.
But while justice is about to be dispensed on one
hand to the creditor, hopes are entertained and ex-
pressed strongly. that the case of the distressed
debtor will be considered with mercy on the other.
A cheese in the late Attorney-General's Bill his
deprived them of • most beneficial and human*
low ; the Lords' Act, whose provisions granted the
destitute prisoner an allowance. Of the number
committed to prison, charged in execution, there
ore more for sums under 201. thau for those of a
larger amount. The debtors affected are, of course, of
the poorest order, and the repeal of the Lords'
Act is most severely felt by them, especially as fro
equivalent Las been substituted ; leaving them in a
worse situation as to the means of obtaining their
discharge than that in which they were in the days
of George the Second, when the Lords' Act was
passed. While that Act was in existence, its ope-
ration was two-fold. It prevented many a wretched
pauper from being sent to prison, the plaintiff being
aware that be must allow bim 35.6 d. per week dur-
ing his coofineinent : and its process was so cheap
and summary, that liberty was obtained for ten
shillings, while it now, by the Insolvent Act, would
cost tea pounds. In almost all the prisons for debt,
of the metropolis. there are many lingering out a
miserable existence, who, but for the lost of the
Lords' Act, might either have been saved from im-
prisonnieut altogether, or might have obtained their
liberty a few weeks after their arrest.

C('MBLRLAND HAY-MARIERT—THIn UAI•
Coarse Heavy Lowland Meadow Hay. As 51. to
10s. Useful ditto, £2 10a. to A 3 15.. Floe Upbei
Meadow and Rye Grass Hay, 4'4 .ss. to Z 4 10‘ C>•^tt
Hay, an 10.. to £5 104 (Mt &raw, Ll Its. to in Os'
Wkeat Straw. LI Ilia to La is per load.
Lonnox : hinted andPubliebed by JOlllll Men's. at tot
*TAB Orrice, No. 1, Pickett-place., Temple lest.•

. . !4'
4.
If
1
4 ;

put togethe
' de &Cohn
.1. •
and 1 re-arr
.1 6nd in the
unusual ant
no small ast

BIRTHS.
The 3d host. Ia Bryanstone-equare, the lady of J. 11.
Stony, L.O. if a daughter.—The 2d inst. in Upper Berke-
ki-stroet, -equate, the lady of W. lb Sharp, Rai.
of a daughter.—The 29th ult. at Park-strew, Windsor, the
lady 41J. Sharpe, Rat of a daughter.—The 14 instant, at
Hampatekd Mrs. C. Holford, of a son.—Tic 24 instant, Ia
Cadoqan-place, the lady of G. E. Twiaa, Esq. of a .or.
MARK IE D.
The inst. at Broxbourne Church, kir. D. Tyrir.
flaniford-hill, to Elisabeth Julia, only child of J. R. Sin,
Esq. of Brusbourne.—The 2d inst. H. Jupp, Esq. of Brent-
toed, Middlesex, to Eliaibeth, eldest daughter of J. Sted•
man, Esq. of Cidar.house. Cobham, Surrey.
DIED.
At Swat, in the Ent Incite., in his 19th yen, Juno
Edward Hallett, Req. of the Hon. East India Coniparre
civil service at Bombay, second son of James Hallett, Itsq.
of the same establishment, and late one of the provisional
Judges of that presidency.—The 27th Inst. at Heathfula.
terrace, Turnham-green Mrs. Jane ainsiiton, the wife of
the Lite W. Hamilton. k•q. member of the Inner Temple.
aged 37.—The 29th ult. in Winchester-row, Mrs. Mary
Allartyn, widow of the late Her. Claudius Alartyn, of Is&
gershall, Bucks —At Wilton, the hat inst Harriet Awe,
wife of W. A. Sarjeant. Rag —The 34 Inst. the wife of Bt.
J. Lloyd,at hisreadince, Nelson-square, Great Sauey-street.
_Atm!
'IIIIMfATITTNII.RA DEE li—A-I.L—TH DAV.
There was again only a short supply at these market
this in ruing, and prices were high.
By the Carcase.—Per stone of albs.
Reef - 34 Cid 114 10d 4s
Mutton - • Si ad 40 4d 4s
Veil - 31 104 4s 101 xs Od
Port - • 5s Id 44 4d 44 &I
Lamb - -be ad 5s 84 6, 04
FARRINGDON MARKET—THIS DAY.
Bear Finest Roasting, ad to Old rer lb. Dulling. ad tcr,
"Filiet.l4llloo4**(ll. 1141614. Stamm
94b.leria7rinaV est.-- Lee. Si
SMITIiFIRLD HAY-31AIIKRT—THIS PAO.
Coarse Heavy Lowland Meadow Hay, Et itte. w
lbs. Useful ditto, 13 0.. to t 3 15s. Fine Uplasil Meanly'
and Rye Grass Hay, .93 13. to 14 4a. Clover Haft
Is Os. to An ISs. Oat Straw. Its toll t4s. 011'd
Straw, 1 14% to E 1 Ills. per toad.
