FRENCH PAPERS.

The Paris Papers of Saturday arrived this morn-
ing. The only interesting part of their contents is
an article of rather an extraordinary nature, which
appears under the head of Lausanne, of the follow.
ing tenor :
" The Ministers of France and Austria have in
concert remitted an official Note, formally complain-
ing of many public Papers of Switzerland, which are
become the echo of the incendiary Papers of different
other countries, the conductors of which are incorri-
gible revolutionists and declared enemies of the repose
of nations. These Ministers complain equally of
certain incendiary Pamphlets, which they specially
designate, and which the Presses of Switzerland are
the means of spreading through France. They close
their Note by kmanding the efficacious repression of
this scandalous abuse of the Press."

Another of the precious fruits, we presume, of the
Holy Alliance—one more convincing proof of the high
respect which it has generated among the great of the
earth for the independence of nations, for freedom of
opinion among all men, and for the bright homage
which truth, through the medium of that opinion, as
conveyed by the Press, is ever sure to pay to wis-
dom and virtue in high places ! Yet why to Swit-
zerland has this proud demonstration been made ?
Why not to those 44 other countries" of the " in-
cendiary papers" of which those of Switzerland
are admitted only to be " the Lc/io ?" Where-
, fore do such mighty confederates as Austria and,
France waste their commanding influence in at-
tempting to cut wff the distant streamlets, while they
leave the great fountain head of the evil which affects
them untouched ? Can it be that they complain only
to Switzerland because they can do with Switzerland'
what they please, and what other countrits, more in-
depeadendy situated, would hot tolerate for an in-
stant ? Or are we to believe that there are really
other free countries in Europe so lost to all regard
to international amity, as not to accord every proper
attention to any appeal from Powers of such high con-
sideration, when founded on j st and salutary principles;
.The latter we certainly do not believe to be the vse,
and we scarcely think we shad be doing any injustice
in assuming the former to be the fact. What our
opinion of so contemptible a stretch of power is, it is
hardly necessary to say. We know of ne danger
which any Government, administered on just and
liberal principles, has to apprehend from the utmost
freedom of discussion on all sides; and we can at-
tribute to nothing but a bad desire of concealing
conduct which will, not stand the tett of public
scrutiny, any attempt Co fetter that freedom.—
The attempt is more especially obnoxious from being
the attempt of certain arbitrary Powers, to extend by
means of a vise diplomacy, the slavery in which they
have enchained the minds of their own subjects, to a
people over whom they have no right of controul
whatever, and only insult because they imagine (we
regret to think how truly) they can do so with im-
punity.—French 5 per Cents. Nov. 28, 63fr. 90c.

A Letter from Calais, dated the 28th ult. states,
that a few days ago, a patty of British Dragoons,
within a few aisle. of Calais, having occasion to re-
turn to their former cantonments, were refused ad•
niittance ; when a fracas took place, in which two
soldiers were killed ■nd eleven wounded. The affair
had occasioned much conversation in the neighbour-
hood ; and the circumstances attending the quarrel
were expected to form the subject of an immediate
investigation.

It is pretty generally believed that part of the
business, before the late Cabinet Councils- was to
consider of the hostile Note 'presented by the Prus-
sian Minister to the FreichGovernment—and which
has been notified in due .form to our Secretary for
the Foreign Department. , The subject engrosses the
attention of all political men, as it may again involve
Europe in war. On the otcasion of the first Note
presented to the French Court by Baron Ds Gorsz,
the Russian Minister *used most conciliatory lan-
guage ; and said that France must not be ovewhelmed
by demands so exorbitant. The claims for liquida-
tions under different heady by all the Allied Powers,',
were no less than shoot silty millions sterling.—r
The answer to this was, thee utter inability of France
to make good any such ;sem. By the moderation'
and influence of England, Austria, and*Russia, it is
said that it was agreed that the Allies should under.
take to settle all the claims for fifteen millions—and,
that the French Minister -Offered eight, which were
refused a but it iSpetigrit that the end of the nego-
ciAtion would have been a comprognise for twelve
millions sterling, if this angry remonstrance had not
been presented by the Prussian Minister, on the pass.
age in the Krec's Speech, announcing theincrease of
his army, and the reply of the Chamber, promising
funds to carry his Majesty's patriotic views into effect.
In spite of all the assertions is the public News.
papers, from one end of Europe to the other, of the
general conviction of a permanent tranquillity, we
cannot help thinking that the very anxiety manifested
to press forward the opinion and to urge it on the
public, betrays strong fears of a contrary description.
The cry about Legitimacy carries the same sem-
blance, as does also the complaints about the licen-
tiousness of the Press in various quarters, and the
folly of some States in mains support by CoKordat,,
with the Old Lady of Roam
1 At the present moment we.-consitlet the external

policy of Prussia ao COtteCt France ha: no
apply to the increase of her army, in a time
found peace, funds which ought to be
payment of her debts to other States; bur. 0,
cording to tie present Parisian si.an?. she 'sill
with cold iron. Sooner or later this uilt r,,
the cases but what, in the mean time,
internal policy of Prussia ? Precisely
when she last sent forth her sons aga.0,..17--
with this difference only : a new and frt:c

turn was then promised ; let that be now Lonc•tir
and the KING of PRUESIfi may lAngli at 12:,..1
of France. But if the Pruseians be de'ra,,e,
their just hope, in vain will the Court again et
the people to drive away their enemies. 5,..04
licy demands that France should not enjoy the
lege or having oue Government to eriablis
spread havock and desolation among her r„ ire
and another to shield her against retali.t'en ;
enable her to contract debts, and ano:har to tv.e2,
payment of them.

It was on Thursday, at Brighton, as we
stand, that the Duke of YORK tend, red

tion. The proposal %VHS not then taken into
deration, but Ministers have since intoinie.ll.l,
Highness, that, in their unanimous opini.n it
called tor by ..ny reasons arising out of (Le Cot
tion. In other respects fern, we appreherd, thi„
resignati.n desirable ; and those tow wou'..i soon
come none, it his Itny:4l Highness were to •
more hilly than he doer. to the present e::ak
certain niiitary reductions.

NAVAL IN7'SLLIGE.VC.4.'.

. FALMOIT ni, NOVENTESR
Wind S.W.—Arrived the rilBrira, Pitcz:zn,
London for St. Vincent's.
PORTSNI(•—•^!I, DECENLIER 2.
• Wind N.W.—Atr....t the Coor.er, t:fr:rev,
Caen ; Julianne, Wit.t.r/or.;, from Havre; Lie
BAKI:EIt, from Anisterdanr, for Liverpool; and
Majesty's ship Ttot.ts, fro,i) a craize. Sailed
1. Lid Dalhousie, rvin, for the Llowns; the
_ _

Satins, for Demerara ; And Friendship, Wartstr.,
London. Went out at Harbour his Majesty's 11
SCOINIANIS and FAIN/W:111.

DEM., DITEMP.ER 2.

Wind N.W.—A,rivra the Eliza. OLn-en, ant.
PlAr Ttt lt,tn Calcutta. "(:be
Calcutta f'../th May, Matlras '23.1 July, and tour'
at St. Helena 12t11 October. In lat. 24.. S.

no tics
me of
la
•
as
le till ib
ati
,tad M re!
;tr. it L.
tF th
lot
c "3. de
tcll7A.: toi
the th
'rated is
ar
r the pr, th
ble her
le
• ;
; tv..2c; ft
b
Ke tr
ttlin al
into C.
• !lot;
• LI
a, it is c
e Connor fj
II
soffit
eto y.. VI
C
C
tl
d
;!'Cc,
a
; 1.. 2
zisileti I.
: the tie; .•
tyy's I
1
eta, and e
e id,
id toted • I
"
,11 ft tu •
le (IQ. att.
11r S. T;-s-
-171(tta
kc.t.
1)..;!••:(
t.t•••••.:t.cr ‘ll
:e
Nrct!,:t.f?ay
t'nfAsper.
Tom's!,
tae here is
tics, from
anchor and
ear Hythe,
'were' other
'foundland,
