I

•

-I

LONDON.

-

THE EVENING STAR.

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1822.
THE FUND&
STOCK EXCH ANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Although great efforts were made this morning by the Hebrew
persuasion to raise the market, the attempt did not succeed.
and Consols remained steady the whole of the morning, at 811
for .the Account, and for Money 811.
FOREIGN Funds.—Up to this hour there is a total stagnation
in the foreign funds, and the market appears very thinly attended.
Milian 841 j, New Spanish 65, Old 69170, New Prussian 8711,
Old 91, Russian 871, Danish 89, Neapolitan 771, Colombian
861, Scrip 861.
STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
There is not the least business doing either in the Foreign or
British Funds. Chilian Stock is dull, and considerable bets
have been made that these Bonds will be done at 83 on or before
Monday nest, which is the settling day.
PRICES OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
S per Cent. Cons. 811 81 1/8
4 per Cent. New 100% 3/8 •
India Bonds 475. 495.
Exchequer Ildis ut 1:1,000, 2s. Ss. •
Ditto .ss. 8.. pr.—Consols for Acct. 813/8.

The French Papers of Saturday have been received.
They are entirely silent as to the affairs of Spain,
which, considering the slavery of the French Press,
gives tolerably conclusive evidence that nothing
favourable to the Insurgents has occurred in that
country.
Private letters from Paris state, that the Court of
Cassation had rejected the appeal of the four indivi-
duals sentenced to death for their participation in the
Rochelle conspiracy, and that they weze to be exe-
cuted on Saturday evening.
It appears from the accounts in the French Jour-
nals that an attempt had been made to rescue the
four condemned persons from prison, and to preyelat
their being immolated oa the shrine of Bourbon le-
gitimacy. The following ac:ount of this affair ap-
pears in the Ultra Journals:
" Since the 14th instant, a medical student named
Marque, echo attended the Physicians on their visits
to the Hospital of the Bicetre, had sought to gain
over the keeper. After a few interviews, the conver-
sation turned upon the situation of the condemned
men. liypdeavours were made to excite his sympathy
in their fate ; and, finally, very ample offers were
made. Conferences took place to concert their escape;
the importunities of Marque became more and more'
, urgent •he ent so far as to offer .50,000 francs, and
0
gave hopes of much more. Several interviews were
appointed, but some difficulties always intervened to
defeat them. At length the Student Marque applied
to know what terms the Concierge would accept,
which be declared himself prepared to guarantee.—
He offered to pay down 10,000, and the whole sum
(now increased to 60,000 francs) was to be paid the
moment the prisoners should be free. Marque pro-
mised everything ; he assured the keeper that he had
nothing to fear, becau:e, as he said, the police (Ices
Messieurs (it was thus that he designated certain per-
sonages) was much more powerful than that of the
Government. Lie must, he observed, go to Paris to
conclude the treaty with the said Messieurs. He re-
turned about five o'clock, and stated that two of the
Messieurs were absent from the capital, and that he
must consequently postpone matters until the follow-
ing day. At last, after these successive delays, the
Student entered the Keeper's Lodge, took from his
pocket five thousand francs in gold, and five thousand
in notes, and appeared to be sure of success. At this
moment a peace-officer presented himself, and an-
nounced to Marque that he arrested him in the name
of the King. Marque was disposed to make resist-
ance; the officer kept him at bay, and a brigadier of
the Gendarmerie, who had been stationed in observa-
tion, entered and secured this young man. The affair
is now under t')e cognizance of the King's Procureur,
and the ten rliousand fiancb have been deposited in

the RegtStr!:."
Tlv 1/::otidienne is quite indignant that these con-
spirators should excite the sympathy of the French
youth, and expresses a pious wish that they will be
dragged forth to punishment.
The following letters on the affairs of the Greeks
appear in the Augsburg Gazette. Their authenticity
is guaranteed; but wit° the news they contain, after
the vas ions contradictory accounts that have from
time to time appeared, it is necessary to wait for fur-
ther information. The intelligence is of that kind
which we should be glad to confirm. The success
here claimed for the Greeks is, with some differences
in the dates and circumstances, evidently the same as
that announced in the Grealesßulletins, which we gave
in our Paper of Saturday from the French Journals:
but these Bujletins did not go the length of making
the Turks negotiate for the surrender of Corinth :
