• -
*Like Na
Regiment of Friot of the
Intik of the.krtillery (horse
Int ; iegi.Metit 0f..; Easier:,
ana die,l4kaanted: guard.
Una .and BertibreotornPeniok:l
AthanY.Oesibmk,iinti a au
present...
a UP WZDNItropAr/#O. KNIM).
Ind Fornign Miniiters Tester.
¶,e King and Ryai
ue.Kotieit;fiaTki.spci,loctei
prescrielk. by 'croigensent,
torn the aeon a humidity,
,hed for tie negligence
ott etnumulated is .hil barn
in, by whieh it was entirely

1 • •

;tots is espeeted at Patiata.
,Jonth.
~tuber a poacher killed, with a
keeper at Luzarthes. The ils;
si*bas been arrested and ordered to take bits, tsint.,l
ROME, SEPTEMBER
the aliereip Which the Princess of Wales nine'
ixibeieg ;toned. w.J Several, timelciiiirsued by •
-fieracite is composedin at singular manner.
the persons who compose it wear the Cross
oithe Order et SG Sepulchre, snd*the Decoration of
*Order of Caroline, founded by the Princeis her-
-4., She will meet at Florence or Militia ber couti

ac.- -- -
,114 Ms. Brougham. • • .
sr wak,as GO, known 4'116 work upon Gdece,
ifilui Was ittaChCd kir some time to the Princess,
WIC quality ii.Cbanibertatu, is by Chance at Dome
ribis.rpowns, He goes. to Naples to finish his
op of 14,agaa Grecia. . . •
The 173 Roman slaves, delivered by Lord- Ex.
south, are WO at the Trinita dei Pillegrisi, where
icy 1)4 divirtdevotions. Most of them make no
itimplaints of Am treatment at Algiers.. Some were
, . ~.
oup so fitted tor slavery that they regret • .mightily,
iir chains I Oise of them hanged himself during
jycyage The English landed them at *Fiumicino,
Apt submit Ling them to the quarantine laws.
. ,

. . sarrzunnie 4Q.The Printed elWalns a ill'process dto Milan, anil
fau thence to-Cotho, abdut the end of. Octobet.=-
Loysl visited ;n detail: the Librail: of
taticans. and the Mtlautiat s on all occasions she
rattoOlt otteztensi se acquirements, and asttanisistd
krariousProfessors who had she honour to •eceive
1. Her R4ll. Highaem his; also important
opisiti;ll.s.. of objeits4l.antitiiify, .She presented
mbe Pope varicios pieces of sculpture and painting,
dish sbetrutight tram Greece and . stint. They
seakof a Vision of St. John," and a •if Daniel in
*aliening Furnace" .(1410il'i DO): as
tnlttilie beauty .ac great value. - Among she pre-
sous sts.ch her R,lal Highness has received from
OfPupz, there me two picLort!a in idosaic, represent-
ieg a'SAistu. Cosilia. and. *Mat -i.kglae, Mar Lyra:
Several Xtifiillatelikeve received the tide of Che-
valier Of the Golden Spur, frOm his Holiness, and two
items el Devotion of Malta.' We expect to see
&seder restared. The Pope has annulled then pri-
edges which certain families enjoyed, of.confeirics.
tilde of Docson in Law -.and Medicine without
pevism studies: ,ITheer:privileges were generally
given by tsmilies to their head domestic, Maitre di
Casa, by whom they
,were sold.

via*
of
the

rde?
In of
had
the

Frog►
le 0

frol

LEGHORN, SEPTEMBER Ito!.
anti merchant brig the Saint SebaStian, from
Algiers Captain. Solari Antonio, has brought Intel.
lignite that; at his depaitarsythii fortifications of
Algiers Were rising from their tains; ;bat in the city
they wrought with the greatest activity to efface all
toms of the bombirdment, so that in a short time,po
.
tore of the effects of the lair expedition will be. tr
lie. The Dey continues -tocat Off the heads of
those of his army who he thinka betrayed him... lips-
vengeance has already reached a great. punthec4cif
*ems, and these executions seen). to be agreeablyro
the people : they seem to think themselves aireFlsed
hi tern. The Dey employs all his: soldiers it' the.
labwari of the. fortifications : be has promis4 the
inhabitants that his soldiers shall rebuild if homer..
The OlSCers who were signalized by their bravery;
trio, all his confidence befOre tbe departile df the
Enihsh fleet, he addressed a Proclamation to his
Army, which has been published at the Moser.
The Dey, surrounded by the officeri of his army,
wed placed upon the bastion which Was the modda-
waged, said to the people assembled: 66 No..we'have
lot been conquered ; -The enemy has employed wea..
Mu with which we are not acquainted, and which
are peculiar to themselves. They have seduCed some
traitors and cowards by promises and gold. But
what African could wish for riches which are not the
twits of his courage f We sign, a peace, it is true,
hot we do not sign it with glory ; and if the enemy
celebrates the day as having evrquered us, let us
celebrate it in our turn as one of those on which we
!lave done the most mischief. Soldiers, and you.
4ervic people,' never forget your fathers: they live ;
hey will always liie.aad be honoured among the
People of other .tiniei.
" Aerie people (meaning perhaps the
teale to vast when they die, and have only a Valli-
" 7 power : t'our's is extinguished 'by dying, it is
true, but it revives instantly. lieconipeacer will be
lien, nut to courage, for it is your natural Timor',

f tix

• • .• . . .
lA, lbo.mf . .
•
• The Dey pronousicid this. dierotirie /bile •th.:
sepiideoti eti stin•in view', and the peep).
IP*Crt4ll-Shi)ais. of approbation, the Eleyi
tlarmenth Bittce the 4epaiture of the Squadron,
• • •
•iAs appeared in a negligent dress and always arm :
-d. He assists a:intraday Irsorks, and encoU•
rages the labourers.
)4011111..L S: 'S.ErrgmpiOt sr.
• it•ir, which was particularly exposed to the in.
;sults- of the Barbary. Powers, has. begun to breathe,
. since the expedition of Lord ElelfoVTH ; commerce,
the. maritime cities, resumes its wonted activity :
the‘citY of Leghorn in particular, presents a picture
of the of etts of this happy change. The recruiting
of troops has ceased in consequence in Italy. • •

NAVAL INI'ELLIGENCB,
FALMOUTH, OCTOBER A.
Arrived the Active from St. Petersb.orgb. bound to
Gibraltar ; the William, from London, and the.
Diana,. from Yarmouth: Sailed his Majesty's ship
&MAIM on a cruise, and the Mary, ANDRZWII, for
Naples, with fish.—Wind East.
PLYMOUTH, OCTOBER. 10.
.• 'Clime lo the Amstal, Vuteli frigate. from Algiers.
PORTSNIOUKLI, BEM I I.
Arrived.his Majesty's ship 'rictus& hom a cruise,
bit Majesty's .ships BitliessAft? and CC/ADEL/A, from
ersj and the Alexander transport from Gibraltar.
Sailed his Majesty's ships ROYALIST for Deptford.
and ABWIDANGI for Chatham ; the Henry, Mona's,
for London, and-the Amelia, Low, far Demarara.
DEAL, OCTOBER ii.
Remain in the Downs his Majesty's ship AL/tar,
and the Dutch frigate Diana, and several Revenue
cutters.—Wind N.W.
.COWES, OCTOBER 11.
Arrived the Dagaraada. Dutch ship of war, from
Algiers, bound to Amsterdam ; she has been sup•
plied with water and provisions. Sailed yesterday,
after post, the Prince of Orange transport, for Ha.
Bias, with soldiers for the Albany Barracks.
GRAVESEND, OCTOBER U.
No arrivals. Sailed the Firienddzip, Cllnscott. and Grantham,
Underwood, for Deroarara; Espoit, Ckmence, for Havre; Me-
tamorphose, Joao, for Calais Royal Recovery, Davies, for
Cork; Culotte. Bose, and Two ;koshers, Kanto, for Antwerp ;
Audasia Norbeck, for Stockholm; Duke of Kent. Brown, fur
Rotterdam; Friendship. Reek and William, Nutter, for Am•
sterdanst Thornley, Sheraton, Hamburgh ; and
Wooten, for Ostend • . - • _
custom-Hogg,. oc ro Bra I 1..
Sites LNTCIID ourwnitor• file hope, Moss, for Lisbon ;
Rovir. King. for Hamburgb ; Ehsabutli and Sarah, Suutniers, for
Gort4. Sierra Leone, Sesegat and Cape Coast; Enterprise, Blain;
and Governor Milne, Briggs, for Jamaica; Mime, Subbry. for
Dunkirk , Entantib, Bracey. for Ma leis, Sc. Lucia. Dominica.
Antigua. klontserrat, Barbadoes, and Jantaiza—soth Sept-ember
without Madeira; Pereeval, Levingston, tor Grenada (7th Se
ien.lier Rudman, Cap ain); Harvey, Redman, for Trinidad, (7tk
September Levinpton, Captain).
• NAN I ES, OCTOBER 5.
The *'Tip Iris, Captain Bogor's, fitted out by M.
siacguste sr.incois, left this port on the Ist of January
last, stnd on the 13th of May arrived at the Isle of
lisurbon : it there learned an order of the English I
G..vernment, which prohibited the importation of the
merchandise of Europe into the Colony of the Isle
of France. Shortly altar •it was stated at BourbosV
that the English Governor of the Isle of France had.
issued. a counter order, allowing the entrance pi
logilp yowls charged with .European goods for
three months.

Neoerday the Dukes of. CLAURNOS and Cane OCit
and the tail of LIVIRPOOI, had audiences of the
PAINCA.RAGENT at Carlton .House. . , .
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held. at the.
Fast India House, when Captain T. DALZ was swoni
into the command of the ship,Streathanh consigned,
to Madras and Bengali ,s:. .
Lieutenant-Colonsit;:l4l.oovisw. has left Rasp's.
Hotel fot Scotland. • - ••
Wediffiday Mr. Coitus was elected M. P, for the
Borough of Portsmouth, is the 400111 of Sir Thomas
Mutes. . •
The Earl of EGUEMONT. has been seriously indis-
posed at his seat at Petworth—but„ his Lordship is
now 'considered out of danger, and gradually,reco-
erring his health. .
On the 2'4d ultimo, Baron de Muller, of the Canton
of Berne, and Count de Lnewenhaupt, Governor of
Helr.inbourg, fought a duej in the vicinity of Copen-
hagen, With pistols. The Count was dangerously
wounded:, He received tt ball in his body, which it
will be dilßcult to extract. The .origin of the duel
was a reproach uuered:by Baton Muller, that Count
de Loewenhaupt. had •been the cause of his being
forced to leave his country:
A numerous Meeting of the Liverymen sf Lou.
don. took place yesterday, for the purpose of adopt.
ring.a mode expressive of their cordial satisfaction at
'
1, the .Lonn MAYOR'S re-election to the high and im•
ring
office of chief Magistrate, and ot congratu-
lating.hini on an event so truly honourable to him-
self# and so beneficial to the Metropolis. A deputa-
.tiOn has, We understand; wafted upon his Lordship,
who pleased to eXPreir himself highly gratified:
by the honour done him. • •• I
A curious and very criminal hoax has been practised
'upon tnost of the London Papers, in the shape of
Report of a Public Meeting at Chester tor the Rifler
ot the Poor; ht Which the coalmen hangman of the place '
wa;) :nade- to second the Resolutions.
Lately, in a choral), .not a hundred miles from
Leeds, a brief was read, and a collection made, in'
aid ot a sufferer from 'flu. The collector " flattered
himself" that he had been unusually successful, as he
fancied he saw an agent to one of the Fire Offices.
put a MOTO into the boa.—On counting up, however,
tte note did not' appear fo have been issued frOm any
Bank, but merely bore these admonitory words...,
" Let 'em maims? and be hang'd to 'em I"
Fitts.-About five o'clock yesterday Afternoon, the
neighbourhood of SAliSbUry4qll4te was put in a suits
at gteit alarm by a fire breaking out at the upper
pan of Mr. Casuisee Type Foundry, • in Dorset
'greet, bute by the of the men on the pre
midit veastipplfic4.*der before' the atrival.a.
erigig.es, and "action doing any Shiterial danialev
GiAl4lO PADZSTAIkiI -Mirka or ISO MILE!) "tatpit
DAYS, AT LOWER TOOTING, SURAN4-4614.1)4440
BAltaliers last hight?-ft half past nine o'clock, iccora•
plithed' 4? mites' irClno4 spirits, and, #.3v,
eXcalent
quite fresh at *going:

•

• ''-

?! r•••••

• ' •

• . EXPORT o),,corrptr YILRNS.
Itirrt*OF 'Tat suai: •*,
- • " •
•". Ida Oevi I,' 1014
• Stsie4s yon have taken Up the Subject **Petting
•.
'he Export of Cotton 17arns-in a truly patriotic gym
•
)cr it
me to hand you a calculation of what Y con-
'nekee" to be the weekly stun of moosF We: th'iS
Country in consequence of it.
But first let me premise, that thirty years ago we
had in Great Britain a good trade in Stuffs, crapes, I
waistcoats, and stockings, all made from wo• I chiefly
the growth of this country t we had also a good silk
and linen trade. These three branches have been
very moth reduced since that period by the vast in.
crease of Cotton goods, the variety, elegance, and
cheapess of which have changed the fashions for
home trade, and export to all parts. of the world.—
At the above period we had also a Cotton trade,
about equal in extent to any of the three branches
above stated. These lour branches, with the great
staple trade of Woollen cloth, formed. what I will
term one of the three props on which the wealth and
independence of our Nation stood. Hence we find,
that at public dinners, when a round of national and
patriotic toasts were given from the chair, the follow-
ing stood very prominent in the list; viz.—
The Psovan, the Loom, and the MAINSAIL"
Now I will suppose them all of equal importance.
Tale away, rube, or destroy any one of the three, and
where are you ? And what can the other two do. if,
_the third is detached from theM f Ev er one of these
props occupies a very large capital and in propor:
tion as this capital is increased or diminished, in the
same ratio may the other two rest their dependence,
or doubt upon it. Two of these props are well pro-
tected—the Plough by the Corn BM,. &c. and the
Sail by the Navigation Act, Stc.—.oll wry proper. ;
`but it behoves these two, at this period, to look to
and protect the third ; it 44 earned be left sueproteeted
for a day, without endangering its fall, and establishing
the trionep4 of its enterprising neiglthoure."
Dr. ADAM SMITII says, that 9I it is the price of a-
boor, and profits on that labour, which constitutes
die wealth of nations." Now let us examine how we
stand at this period as regards the price of labour,
profits upon that labour, and capital in the trade as
connected with the Loom t and first, as this Cotton.
trade has already as it were, robbed the other three
brooches of perhaps three-fourths of what they pos-
sessed thirty years ago, either for home.consumption
or export, it ought now not only to be vet,' large,
but also in a flourishing state, or. the Nation will be
'in a rush weaker situation thao it would have been,
bad the Cotton trade remained qp -the scale in which
it stood at that time. • F.4r at -that period we will sup-
4stise 200,000 looms employed in the four branches
above-named, and that each weaver earned Bs. per
week beyond what he had to pay for the winding of
his weft, loom rent, paste, &o. this will amount
to irso,ouo
Profits upon this labour, including dying,
bleaching, printing, finishing, &c.
Mercantile profits for Lome trade, or export 40A00

.2t)E1,000

Allowing the light woollen. silk, and linen,
to retain onestourds of the trade they had •
30- years ago. and deduct It' from the
. . 370500
above, say .

We find a weekly balance of . 4163,500
it labour and profits that the present Cotton Mains-
fact* has to account for to the Natio% eitsas at the
low rates of wages as they stood 30 yens
• But in making out whit I believe now to be the*
weekly loss to Great Britain ircim use export of Cat.'
ton Twist, I will make out my calculation of wages,
/ft& as they ought ao be in the present icliareetcraiio
of all other descriptions tol• laboie7thrOughont the--
Wand, and that is, at double what it was SO yeirr
ago, and which would-have:beitit .tealii:d now, if
we hid not supplied,the foreign loom, in preference
.to mar own, with the raw material. I will also sup-
pose a tar greater number of looms which ought to-
tie at work now than at. that period, from the exclu-
sive advantages we possess its our machinery and
loc.' advantages, &c.. over every other dotitrtyy in
,the world. •:-
will therefore say we ought to have 400,000
looms in Great Britain at work this day in Cotton
goods, and that each loom should earn at least 15t.
per week, independent of wefowinding, paste, &c.
which is . 5e300,000
Bleat}

dying. printing, tambouring.
eallendering, finishing, and profits ups'
all these butnches, &c. &c. &c . • SOO,OOO
lercantile profits on the sale or shipitentv
of the above

-150,000

But instead of this large stai eI '750,0(0
4 can only take credit for 200,000 looms,• which t-
will suppose now ,to he at works .• But herwilind,
they are.. weaving for mealy ; they receive ate
barely sufficient to pay for the winding of weft, patte,
'brushes, Ste &c..Stc.
t. Here I sit amazed. 1 ask' the thitifittater *fiat
'die his protin ?—Nothing. I put Mee •qtiektiOnl
therßleacher, Dyer, sat ilVtliefr pro-
' iti-ate Sunk in bad7bebir, exiept.they'lml.l goods tol
'cbver them ; and iti this case thort.reditatinUthe
Ma-
eutacturer must have thel.ms: If I • turn tnthi
licoPrinters, they; at a toody';.saYti !lime ni /rives.
Ask the wholesale Litien-drilieiTi—tleey gi+ie tie same'
tamer; Turn to the Mtrehanti Who Ship the goods,
sad the half if them 'have already (4s well as ith'
Manufaiturer, .Wholesale DealetS, Stc.) told you,-
through the Gosette, that they !sari not foued it :-4nd
the other half tell yOu, 'they' have loit a great dial of
what 'they hid before got, At. I 1 I In short, in the
quarter connected with the British Loom, I find stop
'thing but a ',need, their trade tour, and mach of that
capital with it!.!!
in this dilemma I turn to the Spinners, one purtion
»f Whotit'l 6hd.• hair been doing very well, Which
revives my'spitits a little:--but, lot' when I la the
'other pared them how they come on,- &e.':bebold I.
tind ihC have met with'irannnerhhle • loeles during !tie
'rut ttielvatisobtftl.ther'have *en spinning infer-
taiiateltr. Ilte'lteets • rovdt, and have lost scone lice,
Amite isatiine tviettrYi and 'some thirty' thousand:
the :Maiiteactiireis breaking upUslbais,,
handl ; Ind to extricate the mielvei from titishasittesati
:Rey hart beat gettmi- out of the home trade a.
aticlras Visible; iato the Midi for mart: twaiteit

• • • •
tkeir..figui isre37. teten of tan! fir ex,
port (hiving tic Irnigetanreompetition •sn ,the hoMe
trade) tell! noweitly glad thbrn a berg bare trim amif
I therefoTe conclude; that what the ippinnerh for the
foreign loom have pined to the National ,
daring thi lest. twelve -mrinths, has been lost io
dab& tab darns by the' tpinnerr•foi the hoive trade;
whether. they* have-manufactured the yiirui theni-
selves, or Mid it to their neighbours;
w attorney thATittat •

•
• Gaul, the 6th
a de:40101
.a foot) will their isoiii
sit. apisdroat stroof,
Thikrs crAnkrtiolesist
the Puke de iNtutaii,
ouStaff-hiaj,er.ivere
. •
lop favrakoaptsmet
The Atabassatioet aro
psii their Court Cu t]4
fir of ,Bribtorni
'ph. the pruca.iotioaa, p
*preserviiig his crop In
been severely puoisht
ntation Ist the cost
aceJ an inflironsaticit
esame4, •
the puke of Welling
lads the end of this me
Ps the Ist of 04tobe
itOet shot, a ganle.kee
. .virefillAZl 2
