Royal Audience of Seville. Ferdinand VIT.
chimed at Cadiz on the list. The stores and aim
munition on beard of the French fleet, have been'
nacured,among other things 8000 muskets have been
obtained and sent to San Lucar, to be transmitted to
Seville. Generals Castanos has declared in favour of
Ferdinand VII. The troops under his command
amount to 8944 men, of whom 3234 men will this)
day arrive at Ronda on their march to Seville. Six
thousand French are said to bask surrendered to the
Portuguese at Yelves. Badajoz and the whole of
Estramadura are eager in the cause, and making
every exertion. Castanos has published a proclama-
tion, inviting the people to enlist, and ordering thorn
to obey the Supreme Junta. A proclamation of
pardon has been issued to deserters and smugglers
who joined the array, provided they have not been
guilty of murder or robbery.
OVIEDO GAZETTF, ItYl4 8.
Troops are going daily to reinforce the army at
Santander and Leon.

AFFAIPS OF SPAIN.

PROCLAMATION OF PEACZ
WITH EI:GLAND, AND SWEbEN HER ALLY'.
?daislied at Oviedo on the 20th of June, 15016
IrSsiviltsun THE IZTILIt iI,IMO be liestlel, ADM 110/ VII
bbYAL be
" The Sorerne Junta or this Principality declares a General
peace with VAlland, and at the same time the closest *thanes
with that nation, which has with the greatest generosity offered
a' the succours and assistance that have been listed of her. They
s'so declare Peace with Sweden, and order that all our ports
should be open to the vessels of both nations, and that this Royal
Resolution be communicated to Ai the Justices of this Ptincipa,

SEVILLE GAZETTE, JUNE I.
The Constituted Authorities of Seville assemblikd
the Lower House on the 27th of May and consti- ;
fted themselves into a Supreme Junta of Govern-
it. The following were the measufes which they
topted :—They proclaimed Ferdinand VII. ling
',pain and the Indies, with the accustomed for-
ities. They took poitession of the artillery, runs-
and powder in the royal mastranza of artillery, I
distributed theist for purposes of defence. They
'
dered all persons from 16 to 4.5, who had not .chit-
irm, to enroll themselves, and after completing the
Iments deficient in their proper numbers, they dis.
ibuted the remainder in new corps. They sent
:ouriers to all the principal towns in the South of
A;a, to invite them to follow the example of Se-
ie. They ordered subordinate Juntas to he esta•
,ished in all towns having 2000 householder% to
:orrespond with and act under the Supreme Junta.
All these measures were carried into effect with the
greatest promptness and alacrity.
MURCIA, MAY 24.

FEAROL, JUNE IR
The regiment of Hibernia, of Sevale, are cora•
pleting here; those of Naples and of the Crown at
Lugo.

LUGO. 3t N$ 4.
Troops with cannon and ammunition, are advanc-
ing continually to the interior.

RIBUDEO, JUNE 11.
Thee was a false alarm, but now we observe the
utmn't zeal and pr( nvtness of the people.
B 1 NAVENTE, 3LI 14.

Troops advancing.
PRECAUTIONS

Ferdinand VII. was this day proclaimed King, in
presence of the Bishop and Nobility, with Florida
Blanca at the head of the latter. The greatest en-
thusiasm prevailed among the people.
CARTHACENA, MAY 24.

WHICH IT Wltl.lt rawest TO OBSIERTP TRROUOIIDIr* TOP
DI T PROVINCLS OF srstx, IN THE NICCLVI FT TO
•WHICA TSP.! SATZ BILIN DRIVEN FT Tilt THINCH, OP 11-
SIFTING THIL ONIVIT AND VIOLLNT TOSFESIII)I4 WHICH TIMM
Axstits ARK ZNIPRAVOIIIIING TO TAtt Of Till KINGDOM.
We cannot doubt a moment of the exertions whizh the 'United
Provinces of Spain would matte to olatrect and defeat the mali-
cious designs ofthe French, and that they will sacrifice even their
lives on this occasion, the inoA important, and even unparalleled
in the history of the nation, both in the thing itself, and in the
horrible meat of ingratitude and perfidy by which the French
have undertaken, pursued, andare still endeavouring to effect our

Ferdinand VII. was this day proclaimed, in-conse.
quence of the popular cry in his favour. General
Salcedo, who had received orders to carry the fleet to
"onion, has been deprived of the command. A Junta
War appointed, at the head of which is Lieute-
ant-General Cisneros, and under him Ciscar and
other Officers. A felucca was sent to Port Mahon
with this intelligence. The French Consul has fled
'n board a Danish corvette, and all the stamped
paper sent from Madrid in the name of Muria, as
',ieutenant-General of the Kingdom, has been burn-
ed. Officers haVe been sent to rouse the people of
Granada, Murcia, and Valencia.
GRANADA, MAY 21.
All the towns on the coast of Granada have de-
:lared for Ferdinand VII. and the recruiting for his
service goes on briskly. Escalante, Captain-General
of Granada, who had endeavoured to stifle the popu-
lar voice in favour of Ferdinand VII. has been de.
,)rived of his command, which has been given to
D. Joaquim Romano, Colonel of a regiment of Spa-
nish Cairalry. The proclamation of Ferdinand VII.
VT:IS effected by the influence of Don Joseph Santiago,
Lieutenant of Artillery, after the Captain-General
had used his efforts to prevent it.

slavery :
1. Let the first object be to avoid all gensral actions, and to
convinx ourselves of the very great hazards, without any advan-
tage, or even the hone of it, to which they would expose us...—
The reasons of this resolution are many, and such as any one will
discover who has the use of his understanding.
2. A war of Partisans is the system which suits as—th• embar
cussing and wasting the enemy's armies by 'want of provisions,
destroying bridges, throwing up entrenchments in proper situa-
tions, and other similar means. The situation of Spain, its many
mauls-aim, and the passes which they present, its rivers and tor-
rot-As, and even the collocation of 'As provinces, invite us to carry
on this spa cles of warfare successfully.
S. It is indispensible that„each province should have its Genet
of known talents, and of such experience as our situation straits,
that his heroic loyalty should inspire the utmost tonfid/riee—Mid
that every General should have under his comn:ar•.d officers of
merit, particularly of artillery and engineers.
4. As a combined union of plans is the soul of every well con-
certed enterprize, and that which alone can promise and facili-
tate a successful issue, it appears incilspensible that there should
he three Generaliciimos, who should act in concert with tads
other—one who should command in the four kingdoms of Anda-
lusia, in Murcia, and Lower Estransadura--another in Galicia,
Upper Estramadura, Old and. New Castile, and Leon—another
in Valencia, Arragon, and Catalonia—a person of the greatest
credit being appointed to Navarre, the Ei.:.cayan Provinces, Mon-
tanus, Asturias, Rinja, apd the North of Old Castile, for tkc put.
poses which will be mentioned hereafter.
5. Each of these Generals and Generalissimos will form an army
of veterans, troops and peasantry united; and put himself in a si-
tuation to undertake enterprisck, and to succour the most exposed
points, keeping up always a frequent communization With the
othcr th neralissimos, in order that all may act by common ac-

SEVILLE, JUNE r.
A regiment of volunteers of Arragon, and a bat-
talion de Subaga, sent from Madrid to Badajoz,
proceeded no farther than Salavena, and there joined
the peasants, declaring they would go no farther, but
remain and defend their country. On the 24th a
battalion of the regiment of Majorca, stationed at
Badajoz, joined the people and declared against the
French. Several other Spanish corps on the frontiers
of Portugal have followed their example. Valencia
has also proclaimed Ferdinand VII. burned Murat's
tamped paper, an named his Excellency the Conde
de Cervellon General of the army.
By a person arrived from Cadia at 9 o'clock this
morning, we learn that the French fleet at Cadiz has
surrendered, and gone into the inner harbour, and is
about to disembark its powder and stores for the use
of the place. The troops in garrison are on their
march to Seville, and the garrison duties are per-
formed by the new levies.
SEVILLE oAzErrP, JUNE 4.

VALENCIA, MAY 20.

All the inhabitants of the city and Vega, from 16
to 40, are taking up arms for Ferdinand VII. under
authority of the Captain General, Audiencio Acqua.
tairnento, and otber Authorities of the city. Valencia
declared itself ontle:lsth of May.
CORDOVA, JUNE 1.
The greatest activity prevails in this City. The
passes of the Siera are occupied by sharp-shooters-
-4000 men are stationed at the Bridge of Alcolea.—
The priest D. Roman de Argote sets out to night
with 300 excellent sharp-shooters. D. Pedro Au-
gustin de Echavarri commands the van guard ;
cinnons and corresponding ammunition have arrived
from Seville. The French, informed of the prepara-
tions to resist them► have stopped between Baylen and
Carolina.

cord, =desist one other.
6. Madrid and La Mancha require an especial General, to con-
cert`and exectite the enterprises which
their particular local situa-
tion demands—his only object mtut be to embarrass the enemy's
armies, to take away or cut off their provisions, to attack them
in flank and rear, and not to leave them a moment of repose.—
The courage of these inhabitants is well known, and they will ea-
gerly embrace such enterprises if they are led as they should be,
In the succession war the enemy entered twice into the interior of
the kingdom, and even a 7. far as its capital, and this was the CUM!
of their defeat, their entire ruin,,anti their utter failure of success.
7. The Generalissimos of the North and East will block up the
entrances to the Provinces under their command, and come to
the assistance of any one that may be attacked by the enemy, to
prevent as much as possible - all pillage, and preserve its inha-
bitants from the denotation of war—the many meunteit.s and de-
files which are on the confines of these Vrovinees being favourable
to such projects.
L The destirasion of the General of Navarre, Bi?eay, and the
rest of this Department, is the most important of ail, In which be-
will be assisted by the Generals of the North and East, with the'
troops and other snceours which he st,eds in need of. lir, wbola
business must be to shut the entrance of Spaiustgainst fresh French
•reops, and Po harrasa and des roy those that return from Sr'i
to France by this point. 'llse very rugged local situation of th, se
Provinces will be of singelar advantage in such a design, and-these
enterpriser, if well concerted and carried into execution, wilt no
doubt be successful--and the same may be understood of the dif-
ferent points by which the French trews which are in Portugal,
may come into Spain, or by which French troops may enter
through Rotissilion into Catalana, for there is not much to be ap-
prehended for .Arragon. And, even from Portugal, it is not
thought that they will escape, on account of the Proclamations
1 which have been circulated in that kingdom, ar d the hatred which
they before bore to the French being encrea'ed without measure
, by the innumerable evils which they have been made to suffer,
and the cruel oppression in which they are held by them.
9. At the same time it would be very roper that the Genera-
. SEVILLF, JUNE 4. lissimos Owed publish and circulate frequent proclamations
.r. amongst the people, and rune their courage ail loyalty, chewing
Ferdinand VII. has been proclaimed at Sebriga,
thetts tkat they have
ea every thin; to fear from the horrible - y
en
xve, P. de Ste. Maria, Pto.
V i and Leon. The i wins which the French lave desk It with an Spain, and evert with'
people of Cadiz have placed D. Thomas de Moula i their xhae' Ferdinand VII. and teat if they Tige wree us an kips, ,
at their head. The total force at Cadiz, amounts to : Mots, MArlareay,Prapesty,Liberty,bldepfdenee. add Reititai
13,935 infantry, and 17 : qua irons of cavalry.—, , b-
-and that thereate khi 'nee sty to etitikit.°67 liVa Ma*
Communication was opened with the English aqua. Petty In 4eleaci* the Kin a 4 a the
Ceirstrti "14 th"o2 "r
dron this nsor&ng, by Don Henry *Donnell, Chef let (which swiss". wi n e tow to pes: ) houirde tine us to
become slaves, let ns et , e.o 5 lei g a d dying 'lke gallant
diZscadre, and Don Pedro Crests Oiskr of du men,not &sin up ourselves basel,. t. t.e y cs*.e wit st•e^p, aA •

TNIMIUMMEMMMEMEMINOMM

the sl
s'so dee
*Dodd 1)
Reeoluti
Lty."
The
in the
tuted 1
rnent.
asloptc
of Sp
maliti,
kcts a
and d
orders
dren,
regim
tribut
courii
Spa;ll
vale.
blishf
corre
All t
great
VI
presi
Blar
thus
F
que
Sal<
of
nan
othi
wit]
('n
par
Lie
ed.
Gr
cla
ser
of
tar
pri
D.
nis
V7:l
Li
ha
tat
pr
th
re
ba
F
a
