DUTCH PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, Sim 23.
Preparations are making in the several ministerial
depat trnents to remove to the Hague. The ✓Ministers
of Finance and the Interior have given notice that all
documents relative to their departments are hencefor-
ward to be sent to the Hague.
GRONINGEN, Strr. 90.
During the last week the number of deaths here has
been 20; during the corresponding week in September
last year, the number of deaths was 175 ; this is a suffi-
cient refutation of the reports of the epidemic having
again manifested itself in Groningen; and it is to be
observed also, the mortality has considerably abated, it
having been in one week this autumn 39, which was the
greatest nnmber in any week.

ROTTERDAM, Sarr. 24.
By the Russian ship Noepoe, Captain Popen, letters
have been received from the Dutch settlements on the
west coast of Sumatra, up to the 14th of April last._
Nothing particular had occurred since the preceding
accounts, and perfect tranquillity prevailed.
By a resolution of his Majesty of the 17th instant. the
Committee of the Council of State, which by the reso-
lution of the 6th of September, 1815, was charged with
the affairs of the Roman Catholic worship, is declared
permanent. The decree adds, that the number of the
members may be increased, and that they shall give
their opinion respecting the mode of carrying into effect
the convention concluded on the 18th of June, between
his Majesty and the See of Rome, and respecting all
the documents on this subject which shall be laid before
them by his Excellency the Minister of the Home De-
partment.

FRANKFORT, Sim 21.
The Egyptian fleet, which left Alexandria on the-31st
of July, bound for Navarin, consists of ships from Con-
stantinople and Tunis as well as Egyptian vessels,
which last are built and fitted out in the European
fash'4ns,arid have on board the French General Letel-
lier, and the-French officers who went to Alexandria
with the corvettes built at Marseilles. It is affirmed
that the whole expedition is in such bad condition, that
it will not be able to undertake any operations for two
months to come. It seems certain, besides, that the
fleets of the Allied Powers will take measures to secure
Napoli di Romania and the other Greek fortresses
against an attack of the Turks, which will render the
Egyptian expedition wholly useless, because Ibrahim
Paeha cannot venture, under such circumstances, to
make aaattack on Napoli di Romania.
On the 14th of August, the English Admiral on
board the Asiskof the line, and the Rose corvette, and
the French Admiral on board the Syren frigate, accom-
panied 4) by the Ech and Estafette brigs, sailed from the
islands of Vourla t Napoli. Is is said that the French
Admiral is to assn ble his whole force at Napoli.
The Turkish an Egyptian squadron that was for a
long time at anc rat Napoli, has left that port, and
has been seen off Cerigo. It is repprted that Ibrahim
Pacha was on board, eagerly looking for the arrival of
the fleet from Alexandria.

The Ariadne, English fiigate, which was sent to take
possession of Carabusa, has been obliged to desist
from the intention, because that nest of robbers is so
strengthened by the great number of pirates who have
takes refuge there, that surprise is out of the question,
and it would cause too many lives to take it by force.

1,05
The number of Captured Negroes examined before
the Commissioners amounted to 253. This, with the
exception of some liberated Africans attached to the
army at Antigua as 'oldie's and military labourers, and
two African apprentices who were in confinement, gives
the entire number accounted for, to the Commission, as
living in that Island in September, 1824.
The condition of those who were takes into the slimy
can be ascertained only in the different Colonies where
they now reside. This blanch of the inquiry, however,
so far as regards the mares. will stand least in need of
anxious investigation. It is not to be apprehended that
persons, who had lived fur some rime as British soldiers.
would fterwards lose sight of their privileges, or re-
lapse into a state of slavery.
Of the 253 adult Negroes examined Wine the Com-
mission, 112 were males, and 141 females; 53 of these
females had 87 children—viz. 41 boys and 46 girls.
Esau:l:mum—lt appeared from the indentures
produced to the Commission, and, in default of inden,
tures, from the printed Parliamentary Return. that 50
of the males had been apprenticed as tradelmen ; 16 as
sailors and fishermen; and 28 as domestic servants,
cooks, grooms, iltc. From the examinations it was col.
lected, that only 25 had been taught trades, that 28
bad been instructed in the business of sailors and fisher-
men ; the rest had been employed as domestics, and in
services of various kinds.

Hence it will be seen, that the engageMents entered
into with respect to trades, were generally matters of
form rather than contracts made with a bona fide inten-
tion to fulfil the terms thereof. This deviation, how-
I ever from the strict line of duty-on the part of the
master, did not in every case lead to the disadvantage
of the apprentice: for there were some whose good for-
tune had destined them to care of the kind and generous
employers, who had them instructed in trades, although
they were originally apprenticed only as domestics
while others there. were who appeared to have been
taught trades of a more useful description, and which
were more likely to ensure future employment and sup-
port than those which had been specified In the original
indenture: such cases, indeed, were comparatively few;
but they serve however to redeem, and in some degree
to make amends, for the too general, omission or neglect
of duty which had taken place in the instruction and
treatment of these people.
I have considered and compat el the evidence given
before the Commissioners with much me and attention,
with a vim to be enabled to lay before yes, as accu-
rately as I-could, the actual state and erudition of the
Apprentices. 1 shall therefore venture to state here,
generally, that 229 of the Africans, so far as personal
Liberty is concerned, were fully capable of earning their
own support, and that upwards of one• hundred of
these were persons whose proficiency and whose cha-
racters were of such a description, that ro well
grounded apprehensions need be entertained as to
their being able to find employment in Antigua. in
their respective capacities, and eventually to become a
useful addition to the free community. The condition
of some of the females, indeed, who are incumbered
with children, but more especially those females who
may have Is young offspring to support at the expiration
of their fourteen years' servitude, is that, which mani-
festly presents the greatest difficulty, and, compare.
lively speaking, the only real grounds of anxiety as.to
their future condition and welfare. These persons and
a few others, males and females,. who happen to be in-
capacitated by bodily infirmity from the more laborious
kinds of service..or who should be deficient in such ac-
quirements as would render them profitable servants to
their employers, such individuals would furnish grounds
of solicitude for their future condition, unless the hem.
