bridge mid the Me of Ely, on the subject of the Corn Laws ; as
well as From the Agriculturists of the County of Louth, Hunt-
ingdonshire, sundry places in the County of Essex, and other
plesne, and were ordered to lie ea the table.
Serjeant ONSLOW postponed the bringing up of the Bill for
better securing the liberty of the subject, to Monday se'nnight.
Accounts of the Fees received by the Reiastrar of Wills in
inland ; of the number of persons committed to prison on com-
mon process; and of the proceedings of a General Court of the
South Sea Company, held on the nth of February last, unrepre-
sented and ordered to lie on the table.
The Papers presented oo Friday last, respecting Camas, won
ordered to be printed.
The Indemnity Bill was reported, and ordered to be read a
third time on Monday next.
Sir J. NEWPORT moved for an Account of the Aassamt
Poundage paid into the Court of King's Beach, Imbeds &All
the but seven yeirs.—Ordered.
The Bleaching Powder 818 was read a third thins glut
Idler some observations from Sir J. Newportillidat:
AMIRICAN WAR. '
Mr. HORNER said, that on looking over the
.by order of the House, rotative to the conduct of the
war, be found them delivers in one very Shier mart IY.
sibs complaints ands by the Commanders; thi
made to the Government en this subject wanes easeadhlellieet
of theAbotion upon which as erder was aude.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHIIQUaIt dd, *or If
irate wii sly &Umy hi the papers bid egos the bible, It
160114 be, as far as possible, supplied.
slit JAMES DUFF.
. Mr. WHITBREAD said, that it appeared by the
paper communicated relative to the arrest of certain
Spanish subjects who had taken refuge in Gibraltar,
that the object of the motion on the subject was mis-
taken. It was expected that by the production of all
correspondence carried on by Sir James Duff with
Lord Bathurst and the constituted Authorities of
Gibraltar, a full and fair explanation would be given
of his conduct in preventing those unhappy and vir-.
tuous victims of a bad Government from effecting
their escape by means of the British convoy. Why
did Sir James Duff summon the Captains of the ships
who composed the convoy, and compel them to de'
clue whether any and what Spaniards they bad as
board ? This was a specific question, which it wee
excreted should be fully answered. This subject in.;
volved points so interesti ig to the British character
and humanity, that the most satisfactory explanation-
of it should be given to the country. The co ne&
pondence on the subject on the part of Mr. Stedniasi
was by no means honourable to him. He expressed
a degree of exultation on the occasion, which was alia
solutely indecent. The account given of the transact;
don by General Smyth was contradicted by Mr.
Puigblanch, one of those persecuted Spaniards whe
was so fortunate as to effect his escape to this coon.
my. It was due to the House that so full an exposit,
don should be given on this melancholy subject as
Would leave no loop-bole to Sir James. Duff, General.
Smyth, and Mr. Stedman. The account given by
Sir James Duff was palpably incorrect. He did not
desire that a severer. punishment should be inflicted,,
any of the persons concerned in this shameful
athe Zr, than the consciousness of having cootrieuted
sit eruel sentence passed upon Correa. Haisould.
ant wish them a severer punishment than to reflect in
their own breast that they had been instrumental is
sundemning for ten years to the gallies this illustrious
and virtuous Spaniard, who had shed his blood in
the service of. Spain, and in support of the trogratefol
Sovereign by whom he was so inhumanly persecuted,
who had two sons prisoners of war in France, one of
whom was eleven times wounded-; and what was the
offence of this unhappy father ? simply bis having',
addressed a letter to Ferdinand VII. recommending
milder councils, and-more regard to those who cons.
posed the Cones, and to whose patriotism he owed
his restoration. He was not aware that any node*
was intended to be made on this subject, but he'
wished that Sir James Duff should be called upon to
explain his conduct in a transaction where It was pal-
pable that he had falsified his own passport. He also
hoped that General Smyth would be called upon to
explain a statement which Mr. Puigblanch had di-
rectly contradicted.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
did not know whetter it was the intention of any
Honourable Member to offer a Motion on this subject;
be would have preferred that course, as more fair and
regular, than invective without proofs, and declaims-
don without authority. (Hrar, hest).—He was not
aware of any authority upon which the Honourable
Gentleman rested his- assertion, that the correspon-
dence of General Smyth with Lord Bathurst had
been contradicted:
Mr. WHITBREAD said his authority was to be
found in the papers laid on the table, and in the so-
lean declaration ef.a most respectable Gentleman.
When he. had first mentioned this sobject in the
House, he hadrnot seen Mr. Puigblanch, but be had
since that time bad an interview with him, during+
which he made* Mittellibent of the facts in this trans.
aetiou, which be irm ready to verify at the Bar of the
House, or At the Office. of the Noble Lord at the
bud -of the Colonial Department, if he should
allowed the opportunity. He Was ready to agree
with the Right Honourable Gentleman, that a trio:
don would perhaps be the better. course, and should
therefore gratify his wish by making a motion on this
subject on an early, day, as the Right Honourable
Condemn was so much dissatisfied with what he
was pleased to call his (Mr. Whitbread's) general
invective, and declamation without proof.
FilLitkle AND MONTAGU'S 'WIWI"
Lord NUGENT moved that copies be
of all correspondence and other papers Wadi
action between, the Pelham and. Montagne rft.—
aod the Globe American fillateer.—Agreed to.
atA
Mr. BENNETT wished to be infornied by the
Right Honourable the Chancellor of the &shower
for what certain -sums had been paid to the.
Spanish Government; whether to toned/ate the Ella
your of Ferdinand the Seventh, or for the person,
ofuade, or, as he was most disposed to believe,- fie
the of the Spanish expedition to *the Nevi
World '
The CHANCECLOR of the.!EXCHEQP"
.said, be found en diem* in aunnseibig tbo
.put, by.. abs- Hamm* Grailarrik. The

to the

fm

which he alluded was destined

e two mortals
families after

pay, to enable them to return to
the war had concluded.
Sir J. NEWPORT wished to be informed whe-
ther Sir J. Downie, who, as Mr. Downie had been
engaged with General Miranda in the attempt to re-
volutionize the Caraccas, was still reeNving British
pay, and at the same time going out with General
orillo in the Spanish service to reduce those very
persons to the yoke which Ai had formerly been in-
strumental in inciting thenM•shake off.?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, that all be was able to state to the lUght Ho-
nourable Baronet was, that Sir J. Downie was az
Officer in the British Commissariat, and the brother,
o( a gallant Officer who bad fallen in the engagement
on Lake Champlain. Of his' going out with General
liorillo he knew. nothing.
Sir J.. NEWPORT said, the Right Honourable'
Gentleman might easily state whether he was still
fit the Spanish service, and rnfiving pay?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, it would aipear, by the papers ordered to be
laid on the table, and which would soon be produced,,
whether Sir J. Dom-lie was one of the British Officers
who continued in the Spanish service.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS.
Ordered, on the motion of Mr. Alderman ATKINS,
that an Account be printed of the names and descrip-,
dans of the several persons discharged under the last
Insolvent Debtors' Act.
• BANK RBSTRICTION BILL.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the Excrix-
WIEN the Bank Restriction Bill was read a first
time, and ordered to be read a *second time on
Tuesday next.
CORN LAWS.

Mr. ROBINSON moved the Order of the Day
lot going into a Committee of the whole House on
tie Corn Laws. The Reports of the Lords and
Commons on the Corn Laws were ordered to be re-
ferred to the same Committee.

Mr. W. SMITH (previous to the SPEAKER leav-
ing the Chair) said, that when on a former occasion
thi*uestion had been before the House, he opposed
the investigation of it then, on the ground of its
being premature, rather than with a view to its
merits. His opinion at present was somewhat dit-
Iferent from what he then entertained. He thought
that much was gained by the interval that had
passed ; but even still he considered the discussion
unseasonably biought forward. Lie had understood
a few days ago, that the financial propositions of the
Right. Hon. the Chancellor of the Exchequer would
precede this inquiry, as in dun course they ought.
If the only question at present was a general inquiry
into the corn laws, it then might precede the finan-
cial measure; but when it was intended to propose a
specific limitation to the importation of foreign grain
by fixing a ,eertein price, then certainly the former
should be ascertained as one of. the essential prina.
ples by which the latter should be regulated. The
duty on foreign grain should be mainly regulated by
the nature and extent of the taxes to be brought for-
ward. How could a prohibiting price be fixed at
63, or 75. or 80 shillings, or at any sum, without
first ascertaining to what amount, upon what arti-
cles, and on what classes of the public the taxes were
to press ? Was the House, he would ask, yet in
possession of certain information of the discontinu-
ance of the property-tax ? He would also wish to
be informed, before he was called upon to give his
Eton upon this subject, whether the tax upon agri-
ral horses, and other taxes of the same nature,
were intended to be discontinued. The course now
preposed was preposterous. The natural and proper
prder of proceeding was reversed. h would perhaps
be said that the Chancellor of.the Exchequer had
given a sufficient assurance that the income tax
should not be renewed. Of this he (Mr. W. Smith)
should be extremely glad, as he had ever considered
it an odious and oppressive tax, and a badge of
slavery. The Right Hon. Gentleman man smile
(the Chancellor of the Exchequer had smiled at the
Honourable Member's calling the income tax a badge
of slavery), but he (Mr. S.) conceived the inquisito-
rial dominion exercised by this tax, as bordering
rservitude. If the Right Hon. the Chancellor
e Exchequer gave irk satisfactory pledge of its
discontinuance, (a pledge which, by the bye, he did
not expect) he should not object to an immediate
discussion of the corn laws, but with the possibility
shat still existed of its being renewed, in preference
to thi measure which the Right Hon. Gentleman
had to propose, be could not consent to go into the
discussion of the other questioo.
The Stemma having then left the Chair,
Mr. ROBINSON observed that his only object,
on the present occasion, was to state to the House
the general principles of the Resolutions to which
they would be called on to agree, and pieviously to
explain their nature. He believed that the forms of
the House required, that the Resolutions should in
the first instance be printed'; and that unless the
Committee declined to entertain those Resolutions
at all, that they should be voted. It was his inten-
tion, if they were agreed to, that they should then
be referred so a .Committee of the whole House. He
regretted that fromhis accidental absence on a former
evening, when the subject was mentioned, he had
not been able to communicate what was his intention;
but he trusted the Howe would feel Assured that it
never was his wish to propose the measure in such a
way as to preclude.the fullest discuision upon it at a
future opportunity' If the length of time since the
topic was fill; intro4uced bad caused k to be attended
with the disadvantage of fitilinLto his lot to bring it
&wind at meant, there wouldbe one itreawidvan-
tap to cougtssitct jris VIM want of ability—an ad-,
"lOW attendlqg allq'ttioosof this kind, that of
receiving t much marstAll.,comPlete, and sadsfac-
tin havilouga4o,o of alliwilitfonstanses k ;a investi-
io am; Atk*,,t6,4O bpm but in ibis cafe par-
ticniaitly berkefisi4lii Askiwq.l4 Amble every Gentle-
' Eau! to cams ICL. 1 4 ifcimillog with his mind


-- 72E7

' much better inTormed than if precipitation had been
adopted, andtesupply, from hisown actual knowledge,
whatever information might be necessary. He had
never disguised the fact that the time when importation
ought to commence was a matter diffictilt to be de-
cided on ; but he ventured to think that there need
be no difficulty in adopting the principle he was
about to recommend. He believed that many of the
prejudices which had hitherto prevailed against the
measure of prohibiting importation till corn was at a
certain price, had been either totally removed, or
greatly qualified by intioirra but he could not flitter
himself that they had been removed from the minds
of many thousands of persons in tlie.whole country.
Their opinions, no doubt, remained unchanged, and
were likely to continue so ; but amongst many other
thousands, a great point hid been gained ; ter not
only were their apprehensions much removed, but
the gross misrepresentations so prominent .as to the
object and motives of those who proposed and sup-
ported the measure, were done away. He had no
doubt in his mind, that the majority of the people no
longer believed that the object was the mean, base,
and detestable one of enabling one class of society to
gain great profits by agricultural pursuits, to the in-
Jury of the rest; and for his own part, if by any pos-
sibility he could believe that this would be the edect
of the measure, he declared that no considetation oa
earth should have induced him to bring it forward.
But he firmly believed that its only motive and ob-
ject was to do good to the community at large. The
'course, therefore, which he hoped, and had no doubt
the House would adopt, would prove that it had not
in view the interest of any particular class of indivi-
dual:, but that it was legislating for the general be-
nefit of all. In looking to the principles that should
guide their decision, they must recollect that they
were not now in the situation of deciding for the
first time, as to whether they shall act upon the
principle of restriction or not. This point had been
deliberately discussed ; and on this, as on all sub.
juts, they had exercised their discretion. They
were not now to consider whether they should adopt
this system or not; but they were to reflect that
,when a system is once adopted and fully acted upon,
it cannot be departed from without such a treniend-
*is revulsion as must be generally felt and highly
injurious. When we apply existing circumstances
to different cases, we find a great similarity be.
tween them ; but from not reflecting on this point,
many persons are unaware that what is injurious,
Oppressive, or, on the contrary, advantageous, in
one branch of trade or manufacture, applies equal,,
nto others. For example, wool is nut allowed to
be exported, even in the smallest quantities, from
this country ; but he did not state this to support as
argument in favour of not allowing the-exportation
of any thing else; but in a question like the present,
wherein every person is so deeplyy, interested, what
be contended tor was, that it should he.oimin a
consideration to be guided by feeling. The- effects
' produced by this system of restriction have been, as
ever] body knows, an extraordinary increase* the
agriculture of the country, which has also been ac-
companied by an increase of chaige in its fertiliza-
tion ; because it is well known that our land devoted
to agriculture is of a very liMited extent, when
compared with the amount of population which is to
be supplied with food ; and that in proportion as
this population increases, which It has progressively
and rapidly done of late years, together with a cor-
responding and extraordinary increase in the maim-
futures, in the same proportion is the demand upon
agricultural produce for the supply of food. When-
ever corn is produced from land, which has been
fertilised at a great expense, it must be sold at a
dear rate ; and the price may be increased by advent
titious circumstances, dependent upon the seasons $
but this is the inevitable consequence of our situation,
unless we have an unlimited importation from
reign countries to supply the accidental or regular
deficiencies, which, if they were to occur every year,
would always keep us in a state, of want. He
thought, generally speaking, that times might hap-
pen, when we might be in very great want and disr
tress. In the first place, then, let to suppose that
we were relying for relief on the 'importation of
foreign corn ; and that our own home production
had. been greatly diminished ; and suppose, also,
that at the same time there existed a scarcity abroad ;
we should then have to encounter the calamity of a
double deficiency. which might produce the most
serious consequences. Therefore. although we pay
a greater price for our own produce, the benefit we
derive is greater and certain. Many circumstances
besides what he had alluded to might affect the im-
portation of corn, if we
upon it. War has affected permanently to rely
and may again ;
besides which, it never could be enough to feed the
people. Foreign nations might also be averse from
supplying us if we were at war with them 4 and if
ever any nation on earth was jealous on this subject,
it was France, even at this moment. France, there-
fore, might cause a prohibition to take'plap when
we were most in want of importations; and then
what would be our situation, and to what could we
trust ? He really thought that such a reliance on
importations might at some time or other
.prove fatal
to our agricultural and manufacturing interests.—
Let the House look only to Ireland. That people
were essentially agricultural, although they did nut
themselves subsist generally upon Corn; TO coun-
try, however, grows much more than it-Cahill:nes ;
and, therefore, the surplus -
raged to meet with
imports; and if a sale
duce, then what is '
are driven from the
go ? (Hear, hear.) .
diem to find a market
not necessary for hiin
`situation to which,
country. would be re
this is a question of
would thus not be

e surplus produce should be encou.
4 a sale, in preferedce to:foreign
sale is not to be found for this pro-
to become. of the people) If chg.
le home markets, whatnot* they. to
It would be ialpbasiblcitif
:ket is any other country. *Own
4iin to argue on the trem,endottp
under such circumstances, that
reduced. When*. were told'that
Df humanity, and that the Rouse
be justified in takitig any "ea s ure
