HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. S. WORTLEY presented a Petition from the Manufac-
turers of Tobacco and Snuff, at Leeds, against the Tobacco
Duties Bill.—Laid on the table.
Mr. DEN MAN presented a Petition from John Edwards,
of Crown-street, who stated that he had been employed, in
pursuance of an Order in Council, in 1791, to weigh the Royal
George; thai the craft which he employed on that occasion were
run down and destroyed by the St. Albans man of war ; that he
had made frequent applications to the Admiralty for rt.dres,, but
without effect, and he prayed that the House would take his
case into consideration.—Laid on the table.
Mr. AIiBUTZINOT brought in a Bill for granting certain
Bounties to the captors of vessels belonging to the subjects of
Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands, employed in the Sl.ve
Trade.—Read a first time, and ordered to be read a second
time to-morrow. •
The Cinque Ports Salvage Bill was read a third time and passed.
The Consolidated Fund Bill was reported, and ordered to be
read a third time on Wednesday next.
Dr. PiIILLIMORE moved the third reading of the Salvage
Acts Amendment Bill; which, after a few words from Mr.
TaeMAYNE and Dr. PIIILLIKORZ, was read accordingly.

Dr. LUSIIINGTON proposed a clause, enabling agents to
arrest foreign vessels for salvage due of them.
After a few words from Dr. PIIILLIMORE, the clause was
agreed to, and the Bill was passed.
Mr. GOOCI-I presented a Petition from Ipswich against the
Tobacco Duties Bill.—Laid on the table.
The Corn Average hill was read a third time and passed.
The Order of the Day for resuming the adjourned debate on
the Woollen Trade Regulation Bill having been read, ;titer a
few words from Mr. S. WORTLEY and Mr. Lesittxcriox, the
Bill passed.
Mr. ELIIINCTON, frontthe King's Remembrancer's Odice,pre-
see, I certain papers relative to Extents in Aid.
A Petition was presented from an individual in the county of
Galway, complaining that the one-third part of a Dal ody in
that county should have been proclaimed, while the te,c of the
county remained in a state of perfect tranquillity.—Ordered to
be printed.
The Tobacco Duties Bill passed through a Committee, pro
forma the Report was received and read, and ordered to be
taken into consideration on Friday next,and the Bid ;vas ordered
to he printed.
Custom Duties Bill was read a third time and r^• mod.
mr. S. it CI: presented a Petition from certair nr

1111 I' E

limerick, relative to the right of Election in that eity.—Laid

cm the
The Hop Duty Bill, the Sinking Fund Loan Bill, the East
India Ditties Bill, and th. Irish Silk Bounties Bill, were read
resix!ctieely a first time, and ordered to be read axsecond time
to-murrow. _ _ .

Mr. RT N presented a• Petition from Birmingham. in
favour of the t`ruelly to Aniinals Prevention lth, and a similar

Petition from Nortliamproa.--Laid On the table.
Alr. S. WURTLEY presented a similar Petition from the ht..
habitants of Sheffield, which, after a fcw words from ALF. R.

Dlnrrns, was laid on the table.
Mr. F. presetittd a Petition from Reading to the
like effect.—Laid on the table.

Mr. IIERNA L presented a Petition from Chigwell, in Essex,
and also one from certain citizens of London, on the same sub-

ject.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. 600011 presented a Petition to the same effect from
Lynn, in Norfolk.—Laid on the table.
Ir. BR I presented a Petition from the inhabitants of
Bristol, in favour of the said Bill, which was laid on the table.
Sir It. WILSON presented a Petition from Clapham and its
vicinity, to a like purpose.—Ordcred to be printed.

NAVIGATION ACTS.
The House having resolved itself into a Commit-
tee on the Navigation Acts,
Mr. WALLACE said, that in directing the atten-
tion of the Committee to these Acts, his object* was
to simplify and consolidate them, and to remove from
them inconsistencies and contradictions with which

they now abounded. This was an object that had
been insisted upon by many very able writers, and
latterly recommended by the Committee on Foreign
Trade, of which he had the honour to be Chairman.
—There were no fewer than two thousand laws ope-
rating upon this subject, and, from their having been
passed with different views, and under various im-
pressions of policy and utility, they were often in
contradiction to each other, and ineffectual for the.
purposes they were meant to promote—(flerzr, hear).
—lt was his wish so to simplify these laws that every
man might be able to know what they ordained, and
• what they forbade. He would propose, also, some
alterations for the purpose of allossing greater ex-
tension to commerce. This was to be effected by re-

moving every unnecessary impediment which now
existed, and by putting an end is every restriction
which was not essentinl to the support of our mari-
time power—(Hear).—The first object he had in
view was to repeal every Act on this subject ante-
cedent to the 12th and 13th of Charles H. These
amounted to no less than two hundred Acts, and he
would propose their repeal on the ground that they
were obsolete, impolitic, or superfluous. He did not
come to the resolution of making this proposition on
!his own private judgment ; he was fortified in his
opinion by the opinions of Mr. Brooke and Sir T.
Tomline, Gentlemen well known to this House for
their Acquaintance with everything connected with
this subject. He intended to arrange his Acts under
three heads—the laws of import, of export, and of
staple. It was not his intention to propose that these
Acts should be passed through this Session ; they
would be printed, so as to give every Gentleman
who wished to inquire into the subject, the oppor-
tunity of reading over the Bills, and making himself
master of them before they should be brought under
the full consideration of the House. The Right
Hon. Gentleman then entered into a history of the
Navigation Laws from the earliest time: to the period
of Charles the Second, and endeavoured' to shew that,
in consequence of the spirit and eawrpri•e of this
country, it had attained an extraordinary pitch cf
commercial greatness under that system of laws.—
He should propose to repeal all the Navigation Laws
passed before the Navigation Act 'of Charlei the
Second, in order to strip those laws of all the" con-
tradictions and contraventions which noW disfigured
them. And, after this, it became the nextirriportant
step to consider what alteration the-Act of Charles
the Second should undergo, with a view to give ad-
ditional freedom to foreign commerce, and additional
power to the ve:sels of Great Britain. And, with
regard to the first part of his proposition, he thought
it would be most desirable, on many grounds, that
the distinction which was made by this country in
her commercial relations with rest ect to Holland,
the Netherlands, and Germany, should be done

. . -
entirely au ay with, and that those countries should
be placed upon the same footing as other countries,
as to their commercial intercourse v.ith us—(Hera).
These was no longer any reason for keeping up the
distinctiomas to those countries, and it would be one
great end of his measure to place all the countries of
Europe in the same 1 elation to us in a commercial
point of view, excepting only tl.e enumerated arti-
cles. To those already in existence he proposed to
add certain other articles, and these together would
embrace all the restrictions which, in his opinion,
ought to be kept up in our system of foreign com-
merce. Ile would also take away another restric-
tion, .which was not alluded to in the Report, but
which was perfectly consistent with the principles
which the Committee recommended. It was well
known that the enumerated articles could not be car-
tied from a country, except in the vessels of that
country, or in Ihitish vessels. The consequence of
this regulation was, that if at present a merchant had
a ship of his own, partly laden with coilmodities,
and wished to complete her cargo at a particular
port with any of the enumerated al tides, he could
not do so; and he must either employ a vessel be-
longing to the particular country, t r a British one,
to do se. The effect of this s) stem was to do away
with the trade of the enunieta.e4 articles, in a great
measure. It was further clear, that it those enume•
I rated articles were intended to be sent to this coon-
, try; they would not be sent circuitou ly, and made
I to perform two voyages instead of otic. Hence, whoa-
ever any of those at ticks were met with abroad to
be dislaised ot, they were there by accident meal„
and because the trade of them failed in that partici*.
lar country. It would he, thou, an ettpedient course
`to dike away the read iction now operating against
the trade of those articles, and he did not see that the
I measure wt uld he attended with any effect that was
not consistent with the Navigation Laws of this coml.
try. ' His nest measure would be to do away with
' . the division (for commercial purposes) of Europe by

/

,~

.
• %16.- • • ‘IONJ •••• .•

countries,
w.anck substitute. a division by articles. At
pW'Seitit, b•Cotitd not.bstill articles, the produce of
Asia, Africa, or America, 'into this country, except
directly from those countries respectively. tie would
place this part of our trade on the same free footing as
the less extended trade with the different countries of
Europe. He had no apprehensions that the carrying
trade of Great Britain would be injured by it. lie
bad been informed by persons of the greatest autho-
rity, that, for cheapness and security, a British ship
would be always preferred, particularly: for long
voages. British vessels had been introduced in the
North with success, where the cheapest shipping
in the world were to be found, and, instead of dimi-
nishing their footing there, the vessels of this coun-
try were gaining ground. Upon this part of his state-
ment he did not mean to rely ; he only threw it out
for the present, in order to enable the House to come
to a better judgment on any future discussion. His
object in all these regulations was to secure to this
country the continuance of those commercial advan-
tages to which she owed her superiority by sea. He
was not insensible to the truth, that these advantages
were not sufficient in time of war. He would, there-

fore, add to them the securities of peace, and would
propose a moderate duty on the produce of Asia,
Africa, or America, coming into tkis country from
European ports, just heavy enough to prevent an ha-
bi'ual trade from being carried on in this country,
and just light enough not to be felt as a prohibitory,
or even a greatly restrictive duty. All the advan-
tages which he had now enumerated might be com-
passed by a very few enactments. This brought him
to the statement of his last measure—namely, the
carrying into effect the principle of making this coun-
try the commercial depot of the world. The Right
Hon. Gentleman dwelt upon the benefits which re-
sulted to countries, in a commercial point of view,
from becoming depots of this description. The be-
nefits which would accrue to Great Britain from car-
rying into effect this principle, were so many, -and
so obvious, that it was•si matter of astonishment to
him, that it should never have been recognized until
the year 1303. They should recollect that it was
only in as much as the commercial world would de-
rive advantage from this country becoming the grand
depot of nations, that she could expect herself to
obtain any benefit by it. •He always thought it
monstrous that we should deprive ourselves of all the
fruits that would spring to us out of our being made
the depot of the world, for the purpose of prevent-
ing foreign goods from coming into our markets.—
The new regulations which he had now opened to the
House would apply to all commodities whatsoever,
the enumerated articles only excepted ; and the rea-
son was this—that had he excluded them for any
reason other than that they were excluded before, he
would be prejudging the great and interesting ques-
tion as to the propriety of continuing the Transit
Duties bearing on foreign goods. He did not wish
to offer any opinion upon that subject, and his aim
was so to frame these Acts that no opinion would be
conveyed or implied upon the subject of the Transit
Duties one way or the other ; so that after his Bills
were disposed of, the subject would be as open as be-
fore for discussion. This additional measure would
embrace the following regulation :—That all goods,
when imported into this country, should be divided
into two classes—the first class would include all
goods bearing the highest duties, as interfering with
articles of our own manufacture—that all these goods
should be confined to warehouses of a particular de-
scription—docks or wharfs, or such warehouses as,
by certificate, the Lords of the Treasury might think
it proper to appoint. The goods being under the
care, exclusively, of particular officers, would be ex-
empted from the weighing, Etc. when taken out, and
not be made liable to any of the usual deficiencies.
The second class of goods should be placed in ware-
houses of a less secure description, and in all cases of
suspicion should be liable to re-weighing. He would
wish to take the average of deficiency occurring on
goods of the same description for a number of years,
and allow that extent of deficiency to all goods of the
second classupon their being removed from the ware-
house. This statement led him to consider the sub-1
ject of docks. He felt the advantages of docks to
the revenue, and to the merchants. But all these
advantages, it appeared to him, might be secured,
by keeping tip a fair competition between docks and
general storehouses. The latter regulations he would
comprise in one Act. It was not his object to push
these measures this Session. Between this and that
period there would be abundance of time for the due
consideration of them in detail. The Committee
would see that the effect of these measures would be
to do away with prohibitions of every kind. He was
sensible that prohibitory laws were wholly unavail-
ing. There was scarcely any article prohibited from
use that was not to be obtained at a trifling advance
for risk. More than this—he had reason to know
that a demand for articles had been created by prohi-
bitory laws, and when the laws ceased, the articles
were entirely neglected. The Light and Harbour
Dues operated most prejudicially to the interests of
this country. He had received a letter from one of
our Consuls abroad, in which he stated that several
of the merchants' on the Continent had, in conse-
quence of the exactions just alluded to, adopted the
plan of prohibiting their Captains. of vessels from
coming into a British port, except in cases of immi-
nent peril. On every ground, therefore, he looked I
forward to the abolition of those duties with the'
greatest satisfaction. The Honourable Member con-
cluded by moving the following Resolutions:
1. That the Chairman of this Committee be instructed to
move for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Statutes re-
lating to the Import and Export of Alerchandizes, so far as re-
lates to Duties imposed thereon.
" a. To move for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal certain
Acts, and to explain and amend certain other Acts to regulate
the Import of Merchandizes into this Country, su far as relates
to the Countries from which they come.
" 3. To move for leave to bring in a Bill to make effectual
certain Acts relating to the warehousing of Goods coming into
Groat Britain, and securing them without Duty."
The first Resolution being read by the Chairman,
Mr. SYKES said he would express no opinion
upon the view opened by the Right Honourable Gen-
t eman. The changes now contemplated were of the
greatest importance, and he knew that the utmost
anxiety was felt by the shipping interest, lest any mea-
sures should be proposed tending to open a competi-
tion between foreign shipping and the shipping of this
country. He feared that the competition would be
injurious to the British interest, for he could not con-
cur with the Right Honourable Gentleman, that a

British ship was the cheapest vessel that could be
employed by foreign countries. The dearness of la-
bour and of materials in the building of vessels ren-
dered it impossible that they could compete with fo-
reigners in cheapness, although they might in strength
and workmanship be f.tr superior. He felt that the
House ought to weigh anxiously and tenderly any
measure that would have the effect of altering the
present system of our Navigation Laws.
Mr. WALLACE explained. He wished to say
that the British built ships would be preferred to all

others for long voyages.
Mr. D. BROWNE wished that the Transit Duties,
on Irish Linens should be taken off. The Members far
the North of Ireland were particularly intereted in this.
Mr. BARING said, that if the House should sanc-
tion in another Session this measure, he hoped they
would not allow a clamour about linens to influence
'them. On the contrary, he wished that they should
not allow the small portion of the trade of Ireland
to be destroyed. Every man must allow that the
labours of this Committee had been most beneficial.
Persons abroad did not know what our Commercial

Laws were; and therefore it was of the utmost im
portance to simplify them, in order that foreigners
might know what theycould, or whatthey could not do.
Mr. WALLACE said, his proposition was to be a
general one, except as to Irish Linens, which was al-
most the only exception proposed in the measure.)
But if that would be injurious to Ireland, he was sure
the House would reject it.
Mr. MAILRYATT 'defended the Navigation Laws
as being neither inconsistent nor unjust. They were
meant only to give a preference to our carrying trade,
both for our own Colonies and to countries who had
no shipping of their own. Through these laws we
had arrived at a pitch of naval superiority, such as
no other country ever enjoyed; and we ought to be
cautious how we innovated on these laws, which had
been established by the wisdom of our ancestors.
The alteration in our Navigation Laws uow proposed
would ruin our carrying trade, and the superiority of
our navy. The West India trade was far more va-
luable
than our East India with all its sixty millions
of population. They should consider that they had
an immense debt and taxation. He was reminded
on this occasion of the opinion given by the cele-
brated Mr. Porson, who, being cut out at a card
party among some friends, was requested by the Lady
of the house to compose some verses while they
played. He asked for a subject, and the Lady told
him to suppose the Devil roaming about the earth,
and making his remarks on the various actions of
men. Mr. Porson undertook the task, and among
the verses he composed on the occasion were the fol-
lowing lines:
" With wind and with tide.
" Down the river did glide,
" A pig with vast celerity;
" At every stroke
•
" It cut its own throat,
4' So great was its speed and dexterity;
" And the Devil did smile,
" For he thought all the while
" Of England's commercial prosperity t"
The Devil (continued Mr. Marryatt), delighting in
mischief, smiled to see that the exertions of the ani-
mal to support itself only, hastened its destruction,
and this he compared to tfie commercial situation of
England. The Hou. Member then proceeded to argue
on the danger of the proposed alterations in our com-
mercial system, and in conclusion expressed a hope
that the House would not consent to the repeal of
those laws which had hitherto been the sheet-anchor
of England's commercial prosperity.
Mr. Serjeant ONSLOW supported the Motion.
Mr. Porson must have alluded to the restrictive laws
on commerce, which certainly had operated in the
same way as a pig cuts its own throat in swimming.
Mr. HUME was surprised to hear the Honourable
Member (Mr. Marryatt) advocating the continuance
of restrictions on our commerce—a thing which every
man almost in the country knew to be injurious. If
these proposed measures were put in force, he was
satisfied we should much increase our commerce,
and also maintain our maritime superiority. The
Honourable Member might be interested in the West
India traffic, and therefore he might speak from
partial views.
Mr. WILSON would agree to taking away all re-
strictive systems of commerce, if he could be sure
other countries would do the same.
The Resolutions were agreed to ; and leave was
given to bring in the Bills.
PUBLIC ECONOMY.

Mr. MABERLEY wished to know whether it was
intended to act on a spirit of economy in the next
Session ; and what measure the Noble Lord meant
to propose ? •
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY could hardly
understand the nature of the question ; he therefore
thought, that Government deserved credit for a re-
duction of £1,970,000 in the present year. He hoped
that next year there would be some substantial
reductions.
DUKE OF CLARENCE'S ALLOWANCE BILL.

The CHANCELLOR of-the EXCHEQUER moved
the second readirut of this Bill.
Mr. H. G. BEN N ETT rose to oppose the Motion.
He knew of no grant ever made in that House which
met with so general disapprobation. Between that
place and Charing-cross, if every human being that
could be met were asked his opinion, there would be
but one sentiment, that the House had come to a vote
of the most unprincipled character. He would take
the sense of the House on the question. It was his
full determination to divide on every stage of this
Bill ; and he should now move, as an Amendment,
that it be read a second time that day six months.
Mr. C. F. PALMER seconded the Amendment.
He was accused of having supported this grant—(A
laugh)—though he had in every stage resisted so abo-
minable a wasting of public money—(llear, hear).
Lord A. HAMILTON thought the mode in which
this grant had been originally introduced extremely
objectionable. A grant for any branch of the Royal
Family ought to have been proposed in the most
gracious manner. But founding on a vote of three
years ago, and dime Parliaments ago, what was
called arrears, was extravagantly irregular. Upon
what grounds were arrears due to the Duke of Cla-
rence? How long had the Public been indebted,
and for what services had they been, and were now
indebted to his Royal Highness? The House was
placed in an awkward situation : they were now dis-
cussing a grant, for which the thanks of his Royal
Highness had been conveyed through the Noble Lord.
. This was quite ridiculous. Either the [louse had now

no right to withhold the grant, or the thanks were;
premature. He was sure no kind of precedent could
be found for this proceeding. On every occasion
Ministers made professions of all practicable economy,
but he knew of no instance of voluntary economy on
their part. They admitted the difference in the value
of the currency. It would better become them, there-
fore, to consider, not whether new grants ought to be
given, but whether grants already given ought to be
reduced. If they continued to pay public salaries,
grants to the Royal Family, and the Civil List to
their present amounts, they could not support public
credit. This measure was not just towards the House
or the Country. He was astonished to see a smile
on the face of the Right Hon. Gentleman (the Chan-
cellor cf the Exchequer), for this was not only the
last matter, but he was the last man that he should
have suspected of anything of this kind. He (the'
Chancellor of the Exchequer) had been the author,
and for many years the defender of the notorious re-
solution, that the currency had not been depreciated,
and now he was the defender of the directly contrary
doctrine. He would vote on this question, as he
was compelled in duty, not in inclination to vote.—
If his Royal Highness was fairly entitled to £6.000
a-year, and if his debts required further aid from
Parliament, an application ought to have been made
in fair and proper terms, and for fair and proper
purposes. The House, his Royal Highness, the Public
had not been treated fairly. If the present grant had
been proposed on real and proper grounds, he was
not sure that he would have opposed it. He would
now give a vote in favour of the Amendment, al•
though most painful to his feelings.
Sir JOHN SEBRIGHT agreed in all the objec-
tions stated by the Noble Lord (Lord A. Hamilton),
though he could not vote against the second reading;
and be agreed with the lion. Member who moved
the Amendment, that this grant excited universal
dissatisfaction. He had not met with any Gentleman
of any rank, or of any party (and he had heard many
speak of it who were connected with Government),
who had not considered the grant of £lB,OOO as
most improper in itself, as unconstitutional in its
mode, and as a waste of the public money.• He
would vote for the second reading, because he would
support the grant of £6,000, but he thought the
grant of £1 8,000 most improper.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that he perhaps met with different society, but he
certainly had not known any point on which men
were more agreed, than that his Royal Highness
should have the sum formerly voted.
The House then divided—
Ayes
Noes

Majority for the second reading -
The Bill was ordered to be committed to-morrow.
CANADIAN CLAIMS.

Mr. ELLICE wished to put a question to the Right Hon.
Gentleman opposite, relative to the claims of certain persons in
Canada for supplies given, and losses sustained, during the late
war with America. He stated that the claimants had applied,
in the first instance, to the Governor of Upper Canada, who ap-
plied for instructions to the Government at home, and, by the
authority of the Colonial Department, a Commission was ap-
pointed to try those Claims, consisting of the Chief Justice of
UpperiCanada and others, who drew up a Report which was made
to the Governor, and transmitted to Great Britain. By this
Report it appeared, that the Claims originally put in, amounted
to 2,824, the whole amount of which was £400,000; of these
600, amounting to £171,000, were rejected, and 2284 allowed,
amounting to £229,008. The Report having been transmitted
to the Secretary of State for the Colonial Department was taken
into consideration, and the Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Ca-
nada was directed to issue a Proclamation, setting forth that
payment would be made of the Claims allowed by the Commis-
sioners, in order; first, those for supplies; secondly, for rent
of premises occupied by Government ; thirdly, for compen-
sation for losses sustained ; and, fourthly, for actual contracts. The
agents of the claimants in this country, had recently had an
answer to an application made by them fur payment from the
Lords of the Treasury, stating that they could not grant at pre-
sent any money—an answer which contradicted the proclama-
tion. He wished therefore to know what the Government in-
tended to do on the subject?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIEQUER replied, that
many of these claims were disputable; but that such of them
as should be recognised by the Governor should be paid.
EAST INDIA TRADE BILL.

On the Motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER, the House went into a Committee on this Bill.
The House having resumed,
Mr. BRIGHT asked, whether the additional duty
of fiv.; shillings, which in the Bill was to attach to
cloyed sugars from the East Indies, would attach to
the sugars now imported from that quarter?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,

that in the opinion of the Law Officers, the sugars
now imported from the East Indies were not clayed
sugars. The duty was imposed as a protecting duty,
in case clayed sugars should be imported from the '
East Indies.
Mr. BRIGHT said, that the sugars which were
brought from the East Indies were to a certain degree
refined, but there could be no process for refining
sugars adopted in the West Indies, which did not
subject them to an additional duty of five Shillings
per cwt. The measure by which the East India sugars
were not charged with a proportional duty, was a
measure of injustice to the old West India Colonies,
in favour of the East Indies.
Mr. HUME said, at present the East India sugars
were charged with a duty of ten shillings per cwt. to
which the sugars of the West India Colonies were
not subjected. The People of England, who were
thus compelled to buy their sugar at the worst mar-
ket, had cause to be discontented rather than the
West India planters.
Mr. W. SMITH asked, whether the additional
sugar duties in the Bill were continued for one
year only ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
they were.
Mr. W. SMITH said, it was not worth while now,
when so little time remained for discussion, to oppose
the continuance of the duties ; but he hoped the sub-
ject would be taken into consideration at an earlier
period of the next Session.
Mr. BARHAM said, this country was bound to
the West India Colonies by good faith as well as
policy. The West India Colonies had the exclusive
possession of the British market as matter of right,
by a contract of deeds, as Mr. Fox observed in 1782,
when the first attack was made upon the Colonies,
which was better than any contract of words. The
Cohinists had given a valuable consideration for that
possession, and they enjoyed it by virtue of Acts of
Parliament, which was all that could be said even of
the public creditor, to talk of touching whom was
thought so dishonourable. The first attack made on
the right of the Colonies was in 1782, when Lord

Beauchamp (present M'a:.quis of Hertford) propto allow the I,rize sugar to be introduced into the
British market. That proposition, though it came
strongly recommended by peculiar circunmantec
was rejected. In 1792, an attack was again made:
and now the East Indians, allied to a set cf Gentle.
men whom he did not mean to treat with disreim
but who were known by the name of Saints —(
laugh)—had renewed the attack upon their joint ac.
counts. As to slavery, its character ssas vanishing
the West Indies, and a change in the condition orde
slaves was going on as rapidly as was consistent with
their interests. fhe humanity of the Gentlemen the
made their attacks was local. In the West Indies they
could not bear the sight of a whip, though it via,
never applied but to punish crimes ; but in the Last
Indies they could bear the sight of hundreds of women
roasting by a slow fire, and cried, ‘, Don't let us say
a word, for fear of the Brahmins r

Mr. J. SMYTII protested against the assumed
right of the West Indies to the monopoly of the Enz.
lish market.

Mr. BERN AL said, the question should be viewed
as a whole. If the duties were proposed to be take,*
off the East India Sugars, he should move to repeal
all the restrictions on the trade of the West Indies.
Sir ROBERT WILSON took occasion to ask the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Colonial Sem,
tary, whether it was the fact, that the black popular
Lion in Jamaica had increased no less than 35,000
within the two years Ilona 1815 to 1817, whereas
that populaticn had not increased more than ]5,000
within the twelve preceding years? This, if tine,
must be considered as a suspicious circumstance;
but before he made any further remark, he thought
it his duty to require some official information apoa
the subject.
The CIIANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER sad,
that being thus suddenly called upon, he was unable
to give the gallant General the information whichhe
required, but that either himself or his Honourable
Friend, the Secretary for the Colonial Depurtinea,
would take care to seek that information by to-mot.
row evening.
Mr. GOULBURN declared, that he was not at
present enabled to give any satisfactory answer to
the question of the gallant Officer. But lest Anita-
pression should go abroad, from the gallant Officer.'
statement, that there had been at Jamaica any viols.
Lion of the laws for preventing the importation d
slaves, he felt it his duty to say, that. such an imp&
Ision would be quite contradictory to all the °MEd
information and experience which he had had win
respect to that island. There was, indeed, no growl'
whatever for any suspicion upon the subject.
Sir ROBERT WILSON observed, that suchanio.
crease of the slaves as he had mentioned must, onal
hands, be deemed very extraordinary; and the statt,
meat which he had made he had received from
Gentleman who was concerned in the Jamaica tra&
Mr. W. SMITH thought it impossible that sacs
an extraordinary increase of the black population/
Jamaica could have taken place without becominga
matter of notoriety; and therefore he rather presume
that the gallant Officer had been misinformed.
After a few words from Mr. BRIGHT, the Bill u
ordered to be recommitted to-morrow.
AUDIT OF ACCOUNTS.

On the motion of the CUANCELLOR of the Excel
QUER, that the House should sesolve itself into as
Committee upon the Audit of Accounts Bill,
Mr. BENNETT complained of the way in whia'
the House had been treated on this occasion, by tie
subject being delayed to so late a period of the Ses
sion, when those Members who were most compete
to discuss the subject, were unavoidably absent. Tie
Hon. Member proposed a classification of the
counts, and a general revision of the whole systes
The present Bill sinned on the score both of canissis
and commission, and proceeded on the Lisbon mode'
of auditing accounts. There was no regular system.
but the whole was an office of departments without
management, without a head, and without control
The Hon. Member proceeded to read the evidence
of Serjeant Praed, in confirmation of the view be had
taken of the subject, that the public accounts could
not be properly audited on account of the interference
of the Treasury, which he was quite clear ought to
be narrowed and restrained. He commended tla
alteration which had taken place in not paling till
Commissioners according to the number of accounts
they had concluded, which rather tended to fill the
pockets of these Gentlemen than to sift the public
accounts. Ile then objected to the mode of maki4
out the public accounts, and to the fees paid.—
A clause should be introduced to abolish fees, as bad
been done in the case of the Courts of Justice in lie
land ; and he hoped the Chancellor of the Exchequer
would not object to the introduction of a clause of tba
nature. For fourteen years Lord Moira had in ks
hands1:10,000 of the public money, and it might hal
remained much longer, but for an accidental dig',
very, and for which no interest had been paid.
the same time, he imputed no blame to Lord More
but the conduct of Government had been most unie.
tifiable, in not demanding the interest of the most
The Hon. Member then adverted to the case of Be
gadier-General Nicholson, and to a case of deficient
of £114,000 in an account, which, owing to the negl"
gence of Ministers, although the deficiency ucctintsi
in 1796, was not inquired into until 1819; by dal
negligence on the part of Ministers the Public?
suffered very considerable losses. The Hon. 66'
tleman concluded by protesting against the Felt
measure, as inefficient, but he would not opeatcwe
motion for the Speaker leaving the Chair.
Mr. BANKES defended the conduct of the Com-
missioners of 1810 and 1811, who had done thew
of
most to elucidate the subject ; and they had WI,
assistance from the Chancellor of the Exchequel
that day. The Hon. Member for Shrewsbury lisf,
complained of the increased expense of the 4!tri
Board. The fact was, that the expenses of the Boat
were estimated too low at first. With respect to
complaints of the Hon. Member of the non-pm'
Lion of evidence, he might have had them by tn 00,14
for the Minufos, as Mr. Serjeant Pracd had Sta<
that he could furnish the substance of the
documents, if time was allowed him to prepare tre,
With respect to the inefficiency of the present nlea93. 0 '
it would, at any fate, do good as far as it went,.. `
.
if it should appear not to go tar enough, it might 71
Session be revised and improved. As to the pt escei
Audit Board, he was free to confess there was mu
principal br
to blame in it, but this was caused

the improper selection of its Members, who were
most cf them not men of business.
Mr. SMYTHE stippot,e,l the Bill as far as it
went ; he .iefended Mr. Serjeant Praed, who, by ac-
Odell:, as he must believe, and not design, had been
bar,lily treated in this discib.,ion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
as the Honourable Member for Shrewsbury agreed
in the Bill as far as it went, it was not necessary
for him to enter into any argument on the sub-
ject ; as to the charge of delay, the House would re-
collect it had been postponed from time to time since
the commencement of the Session, much against his
wish, and by unavoidable circum.:ances.
After a few words from Mr. TREMAYNE, the ques-
tion for the SPEAKER'S leaving the Chair was agreed
to, and the House went into a Committee. The
several clauses were agreed to, the Deport was re-
ceived, and ordered to be taken into further consi-
deration on Thursday.

Mr. CHETWYND said he would, to-morrow, move for the
amount of Fees and Charges nude in the Ecclesiastical Courts,
and for a Return of the Names of I'ersons imprisoned for Non-.
Fayment of these Fees.
Mr. WALLACE brought in his INII for the repeal of An-
cient Statutes, which was read a first time, ordered to be printed,
and to be read a second time this day three months.
Mr. IL MARTIN moved the third reading of the Bill for
Presetting Cruelty to Animals.
Mr. F. PALMER opposed the Bill, as calculated to give rise
to vexatious prosecutions.
Mr. C. SMITH supported it. _ _

Mr. MUNCH repeated his former arguments against the TM
Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the House divided.
For the third reading, 21; Against It, 15; Majority in favour
of the BM, 6.

Mr. WYNN then moved, that the further debate on this
question should be adjourned to Friday next.
The Gallery was cleared, but no division took place, and the
debate was adjourned to Thursday.'
The other Orders were disposed of, and the House adjourned
at One o'Clotk.
