NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

!dello; WgasigthtinoanhiSaCcialturdPantay ; sleshliPefeWßeincilebeathe *
VA,
nuary,ngal
Ind Sc. Helena on the 10th of Aprils "The. Ittes, s.
areal Hewitt, and Marchioness of Ely, were lying at the new
-anthers& when the Wincheiwa left Bengal-
-Passeatoxas rza Arrett, neon BENGAL :—Captain
Bart, Bth Light, Dragoons ; Dr. S. Grant, .2d Regiment Bengal
Cavalry; Lieut. Monkhouse, Hon. Company's Bengal Artillery;
Mr. John Aldham, Hon. Company's Pilot service ; two Mhses
Rallied, two Misses Lamb, Misses Loveday, Master W. Jack-
ion, two Masters Parlby.
F
Forster; Dr. C. Rogers, supernumerary surgeci
FROM --AGRA. :-....ME3daMOS Rogers, Arbuthnot, Troyer, and
n,m adraEits
blishmeet ; George Arbuthnot, Esq. Captain Troyer, late 4th
Ceylon Regiment; Rev. Abbe J. A. Dubois; lUeutenants Ho-
venden and Campbell, his Majesty's Seth Regiment; and R.W.
Barrow, 55d ditto; Assistant Surgeon Flewan ; two Mislea
Troyer; Mines Richards, Forster, Searmah. Hadow, and Mack-
intosh ; Masters Arbutlutot; Troyer, Forster, &armee, Hadow,
and Scott.
PASSENGERS PEI NANCY, PROM BRIM!. :—Thelion. William
Thackery, Member of Council at Madras, died at sea; Captain
Weatberall, 1 u Royals ; Mr'. Wild ; Lieutenant; Limn. Des•-
pud, Harrison, Hutchinson, and Mac Alpine.
PASSENGERS PER UPTON CASTLE, TILOIR BOMBAY' 3—Lieutenant
Colonel Wilson, Captain Dyne; Lieutenants D'Arcy, Sale, Bond;
and Willington ; Paymaster Harman, Adjutant Fisk, Quarter-
master Cockburn, Surgeon Wybrow--his Majesty's 17th Light
Dragoons ; Mrs. Cockburn, Airs. Wybrow and child ; Captain
Richie, Captain Grant, Master Thomas Parks; one discharged
soldier from an Europead regiment; 170 men, women, and chit-
riren—his Majesty's 17th Light Dragoons.
Dear., Mar 23.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived and sailed for the
. River, the Astell, Atenass' from Bengal; -Ann, Hamilton, and
Regalia, from Jamaica; Elizabeth, Baooxs, from Tobago;
Miry, Beene, from Barbadoes ; Bucephalus, SMITH, from
Trieste ; lonia, WARMER, from Marseilles ; Hero, Wilson, from
Leghorn ; and Albion, Low, from the Mediterranean. Came
down from the River, the Cane Grove, TIMIPSON, for St. Vin-
cent's ; Union, Batt, fox Ilonduras ; 'and Supply, BRIGNTSIAN,
for the South Seas. ' •
MAY 24.—Wind W.S.W.—Came down from the River and
remain, the Fortitude Increased, for St. Kitt's • Sc. Vincent's
Philter, for St. Vincent's; Sovereign, for Quebec; Governor
Harcourt, for Demerara; Scipio, for Halifax; Asia, for Quebec;
and Donald, for Miramichl—Arrived and sailed for the River,
the Wineheisea, ADAMSON, from Bengal.
MAT ns.—Wind S.W.—Arrived and sailed for Holland, the
Liverpool packet, from Canton • also, and sailed for the River,
the John Shaud, Rica, from Jamaica.—Came down from the
River this evening and. remain, the Vibelia transport; Deter,
for Cork.—Sailed this morning the whole of the outward-bound,
for their different destinations, except the Supply, Soutinea-
man, which ship waits to complete her complement of men. •
FALMOUTH, MAT 22.—Wind 'W.S.W.—Arrived the King-
ston, BROWN, from London fur Bengal, and about twenty out-
ward-bound vessels from the Eastward : also arrived the Walter
hiatthews. GAI.LAWAY. from Gibraltar; Duke of Kent packet,
from Lisbon—sailed the 11th May ; the Lord Sidmouth packet,
from St. Thomas's; and Lord Hobart packet, from Jamaica,
have also arrived.
MAY 24.—Wind S.S.W.—Arrived and remain, the Union,
and Maria Ann, front London ; Albion, Coteritta, fromCe-
phalonia ; and Lord Hobart packet, from Jamaica—sailed 15th
April, and from Crooked Island 23d; on the 20th inst. passed
through a French fleet, under convoy of a frigate and a sloop;
hailed one, which had troops on board, and was Informed they
were bound to Newfoundland.
PLYMOUTH, MAY 42.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Tama"
frigate. frosts a cruise ; and several outward.hound vessels are
coming in.
Orders have been received at Plymouth for the &mind of ;
all the Admiralty Midshipmen from the guard-chips. They an
to proceed to the eastern ports, and be employed on board the ,
guard-ships there, or such other service as may be required.
Ponesstotten, MAT 23.--Wind W.S.W.—Put back, the Al.
blots Bert, for New South Wales.
day 25.—His Majesty's stoop Tnerriz, Of 10 guns, Captain
Neoax, was paid off on Thursday; but was ordered to be ro• '
fitted with all possible dispatch, to return to the African station.
It ought to be known throughout thellegdoni, that. with, only
.1
the means which the command ofothis small yessel gave Coptrairlei
&wan he captured and released from slavery Upwards belle*
thousand victims of that outrage to intinsnitritbs Skye Trade,'
whom he has bid the satisfaction of bringing within reach-Of the
blessings of British freedom and Christian civilization. The
other ships, on the station had (previous tothe Torsetkedepar..
cure), also been very successful duiing• the Commodore's (Sir '
,• Ronal Miens) absence—the Denali, Captain T. Wotan;
having captured two vessels, with 400 slaves; *were's; Cap.
Itain Grace, two, with 250 ; the •Baiis, Captain Pasture, six,
with 800; and the Searrza Lieutenant Refugee, 1110.--goda ,
is now the facility of manning the smaller class of men of war at
'this part,'that the JAMMER, of 10 guns,' Captain ARIGJMNO, bad
70 men, Out of her complement of 75, on her victualling
ten days after ihe was in commission, mdthesoall able seamen.
Arrived the Orient, Wane, front • the Downs for
Passed by the Gokooda, Kowaaits, from Madras' and Beragel!
for London.
Lieutenant ROSE= &Aimee, of the litrewriax, end Lkute-
nant Itscnafte CLAIM, are promoted to the rail of CoMmeader,
and the former appointed to the Runt, 90, on-the:Ceast of Africa,
Lieut. T. S. Semmes, to command the Lames, at Weymouth:
MELANCHOLY SHIPWRECK err ens ISLE or MAX'
• . susses' PARTICULARS. •
The brig Robert, of Whitebaven, 186 tons burthen, Captain
NA/mann Nieman, sailed from Dublin for Liverpool, early on
Friday morning, having on board between 50 and 60 passengers
(including about 20 women and children), 13 home,- 39 bale
locks, and 60 pigs, &c. Towards evening the sea became ex-
tremely boisterous ; as the vessel inclined to, either side, there
the pigs rushed in a body ; and the bullocks having broken loose,
became unmanageable. In this predicament, considerable fears
were entertained by the passengers for their safety, and they en-
treated the Captain either to return to Dublin or put into the
nearest port. It was impossible to comply with the former re-
quest, but the Captain said he would rua into Whitebaven. At
this time (about half-past eight) the vessel was under a heavy
press of sail, and bearing on the Manx coast. Our informant (Mr.
Joszeu Num, of Newgrove, near Monaghan) says, the Cap-
tain was not aware of being near the, teed, for, titre-ply tett
question_ of Mr. Ntioe) he said there was no danger, as the
vessel was between twenty and thirty miles off any 'eoast.--
A few minutes afterwards,tbe Captain and Mr. brixoe being in
l the cabin (the latter having lain down in the Captain's bed), the
vessel struck On the rocks at Jangles Point with a dreadful
crash. The Captain and Mr. Nixon instantly rushed on deck,
where a scene of the most horrifying description presented itself.
The terrific shrieks of the women and children. and the distrac-
don of the men may be imagined, but cannot be described. At this
awful and perilous moment—the sea' running mountains high,
and the waves dashing over the venelobrouded in midnight dark.
ness, and on an unknown coast, there was not an instant for delibe-
ration. Those who could swim immediately jumped into the sea,
and gained the rocks, while stew others also succeeded in passing
over the bowsprit and descending on a jutting point of the rock.
Several who had gained the rocks were unfortunately washed off
by the overwhelming waves and it was only by the utmost
ha-
man exertions that any portion of them escaped destruction.—
Those who succeeded in retaining their hold, clambered from
rock to rock, during the short interval that succeded each wave,
until they attained the laud. Of the entire number, not more
' that nineteen persons (including the Captain and crew) were
eaved—the remainder found a watery grave. One woman was
asses the number saved, hot she was much injured and is not
elpeelled to survive. The had a narrow escape, and
was much bruised. From thCeViirn.ness of the night, these unfor-
tunate people had-considerable dinculty in finding a habitation.
mOilietheand Wks
half distant, morndistant,
whets
theying they went to Castletown, about a
received every attention and
khulaess. A collection was raised for their relief, and a vessel
prepared to convey them to their daninatioo. Mr. Wixom came
over to Ardgiass in a fishing smack, accompanied by another
than from Canickmicross. named Thomas When he
came from the scene of shipwreck (which was ou Monday morn-
ing) not one of the bodies of the sufferers had been found. He
states that the passengers were entirely of the poorer class. One
poor maq lost his wife and sevesi children.. The horses, bullocks,
;he. were all los, with the exception of one bullock and "LIAR
pig GSMaos is of opinion that no blame can be attaihibleii
thewho was part owner of the vessel. Wikalligitile;
' mark that the scene of this distressing shipwreck is abet* aft.*
ter Of a toile dbitant from the place where the Kaogneess da.
"at war was lately wrecked."o4a Jearaal.
_ . -
