TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 1, 1831.

N°. 13,721.

LITERATURE.

THE FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. XIII.
TM:Ural •ND WORM

The manner in which this valuable Quarterly periodical continues
to be conducted, renders it a treasure which must interest in its success
every person who feels an ambition, that the erudition and critical taste
of his own country, should be creditably appreciated by the literati of
other countries. A more selfish principle must likewise interest every
student in the success of this work; for he that has once perused it,
would regret if any accident should leave such a blank in his sources of
information, as its interruption would occasion. We shall now endea-
vonr to afford our readers a kind of analysis or catalogue raises's& of
the articles forming Its contents.
Art. I. Mistake de Philippe-August par M. Capollfgue.
This is Auli hisrolicail sasses es s week is 4 vas "Corroussi par
l'hutitta,"--and comprises an analytical digest of the book, and much
original matter by the reviewer. It is remarked that Revolutions are
apt to be considered in a point of view too confined. The results of
revolution have been long in preparation; in the history of ntankiattl
all is gradual, and a revolution is but the explosion of a train that has
been long And curiously Lid. At the present time the study of the dif
ferent stein by which the citisen has become what he must be an 00.
cupation of the most lively interest; and as the period of Philip
was
Augustus that in which the internal forms of European Society
were mainly arranged and modelled, his, history becomes of unusual
interest and value. '
-
From the seventh to the tenth century, the parties, struggling foe
ascendancy over the opinions of men, were the conquerors by material
force, and the clergy by their moral or Wel:Musa force ; and the mu-
tual quarrels and encroachments of these parties—the soldier and the
clerk—constitute the major part of this history. The author ably
traces the emancipating progress of knowledge, in weakening gradually
the power of the church. Every discovery which teaches a man to think
and compare, gives a blow. to all systems of authority. The author
shows that the kings, to throw off the yoke of the pope, were compelled
to depend on the mama, or bulk of the people; and it is justly re-
marked, that in all ages, on the masses, power alone has been founded.
When unanimous and in motion, no other power can resists they have,
besides, a force of inertia. The secret is, to know what they will tole. I
rate, and how much they will bear : this is the limit of the authority of
a governing power. Many important remarks occur, in tracing the
emancipation of the masses from feudal slavery, through the various
casual changes of the social state, the collection into towns, and inde-
pendent communes.

M. Capefigue remarks, that the charters giving the name of right to
their immunities, or freedom, always preceded the fact of their enjoy.
ing it ; from which be adduces this grand lesson for societies,—tbdt
the best way to make use of freedom, is, to take it first, and get it
written down after. It is cursorily likewise remarked, that the people
were never willingly admitted to a share of government, except as being
required to pap the principal charges of government. After the jute.
dot of the Commons with the Barons and King, a sort of fusion between
the three, produced the composite form of modern states. Since the ps.

dad of junitiest, die straggle has beta chiefly between the Map mad
People ; in which the former, by the generalisation of their authority,
maintained generally the ascendancy. Such is a sketch of the political
progress of the twelfth and thirteenth counties. The author after-
wards enters into a history of the progress of the human mind and ma
rale in other points ; and the reviewer has judiciously extracted and
compressed a collection of facts, elucidatory of his subject, which can
only be appreciated by perusal.
The second article is a review of two German works, one entitled

WI introduction to a Scientific Systems of Mythology, by C. 0. Msdkr,
and the other ins the Mystic Theology of the Greeks, by C. disgust*
Lebret. The review of the,, work, affords to the reader the result of
much curious research and discussion, on the origin of the Heathen
blrhology, and the different modes of its interpretation—bow far It

can be of value as connected with, or illustrating history—and bow far
it Is commixed with poetical imagination, or what may be termed sym-
bolical metaphysics. There are some erudite, and to us original views
of the ancient mysteries given in this article, which will gratify those
who are curious on that obscure subject of antiquity. The distinction
between ancient and modern religion—the former being matter of
forwie,and the other being matter of faith and moral instruction—is ably
defined by the reviewer.
The third article is a view of the French Medical Work, by M. G.
Andrei, entitled 1, Ci inigue Medical* on chola d' Observations re-
cueillies a I 'Hopital de la ChariM a Paris." This article is almost
entirely confined to a plain and generally intelligible account of that
dreadful complaint—pulmonary consuroptiou ; to which it is calculated
not less than 60,000 persons fall annually victims in Cheat Britain.
This article will be read with advantage by all, and we fear with pain.
ful interest by too many. The use of the stethescope, percussion of
the chest, and auscultation in discovering the disease, are explained, and
some judicious remarks and information on change of climate are like-
wise introduced.
The fourth article—A Review of the Life of Carl Maria Von
'reber, by Theodore Hell," is very interesting. Poor Weber, who
united in his character both the poet and musician, it is well-known,
fell a martyr to the disease treated of in the last article. His private
letters to hi► wife during his last residence here, and just before his
death, are melancholy but Interesting memorials of the lamented Weber.
We are happy to say, that they negative the report we have often heard,

PRICE 7D.

the combatants for conquest, with those who had been their opponents
on the same motives. It is justly here observed that to the Teutonic
race. Europe owes all its superior civilisation. They kept out at differ.
ens periods the Huns end Saracens ; and the Teutonic Institutions, are
the origin of all the systems of civil polity now so valued in this and
other countries—the feudal customs, the chivalry, our Parliament, and
our juries. H. Luden, one of these German writers, offers some
curious conjectures as to the celebrated treatise Ds Moribus Germano.
rum, attributed to Tacitus, for which, with ingenious notices of many
obscure parts of history and national antiquities, wo must refer our
feeders to the Review.

The Sth Article.—The correvpondence between Schiller and Goethe
affoid, *hoe imiight into the character of 'fuse celebrated men ; but the
leturs are raid to be generally not of the first interest.
The 0.411 article explains the Revolution at Brunswick,
required, and iatartnnitely completed.
—ov.a us from Europe to North

grad
eta secretary at war.
Given at our Court, at Brighton, this 31st day of December, 1830,
in the lint year of our
By his Majesty.. Command,
C. W. WILLIAMS WYNN.
(Here folloy the reguladons, which without the schedule (premised
to appear bereaßcr) occupy no less than ten pages of the anny Hst
Frogs. the liawrisk Evinft Post, Pe6.
The number ,of militia regiments aedsed to be permanently cm-
-158114 all proceed to Ireland, are 11. Of this number the West
isyme ; they are to assemble on Thursday next for three
weeks' training, preparatory to their being sent on their destination.
Orders have been sent to the Tower to get in readiness 338,000 stand
of Will% to be given to these and other regiments, should it be found ad-
visable to call them out on permanent duty. The place of.exerchte has
not as yet been appointed by the Adjutant.
A private soldier of the 56th Regiment was sentenced to receive 000
lashes this week, at the Castle Barracks, Limerick, for theft, ar.d
strip.., non-commissioned Officer. He was taken down after bear-
ing
The reserve companies of theL6Bth, at Londonderry, have completed
-heir full establishment, after only one month's recruiting.
The depots .of the 7sd and 85th Regiments, stationed in the Artil-
-1 ry and Cavalry Barrscka,Rxeter, leave in a few days., on route to De.
vonport, to relieve the 87th Regiment, under orders to embark for the
Isle of France.

The Barrack-Mastership of Hampton CI WTI Is vacant by the death of
Lieut. E. O'Halloran, 38th Regiment.
Major-General Sir Benjamin D'Urban, K.C.B. is appointed Go.
vemor and Commander-in-Chief of Demerara, Essequibo, and Bethke.
Wednesday morning, a detachment of the King's Dragoon Guards,
under Lieutenant Scott, and three companies of the 74th Regiment,
left Limerick gatsi•on for Ennis. The dims who go in charge of the
three companies are Captains Angell, Mannln,and Lieutenant J. Canty-
bell, under the command of Major Crabbe. •
The 74th Regiment, in Limerick, were joined on Saturday lay by
seventeen young fellows from Scotland.
Divine Service is performed at three o'clock every Sunday at the
Presbyterian Chapel, Upper Olentworth-street, Limerick, tor tile 74,11,
which is principally composed of Presbyterians.
A detachment of the 99th Regiment, from Clare Castle, are new
doing duty at Coro&n, county of Clare.
An additional troop of the Bth, or Royal Irish Hu‘ears. with Nidjkir
Brett, Caps. Wodebouse, and Lieut. Hall has arrived at Om. •

THE TUR I?.
TATTERSALL'S—Yurransr.
The betting closed u follows :

3 to I eget Filagree colt
7 to 4 Augusta
6 to 1 --- Cressida colt
11 to 2 Caroline colt
5 to 4 on Filagree agst Augusta (taken).
DOBBIN
11 to Mr. Beardsworth's Colwick
16 to 1 Lord Exeter's Bohemian
15 to 1 Lord Jersey's Filagree
15 to 1 Lord Sligo's Bras-de-Fer
18 to Lord Jersey's Blunder
18 to 1 Lord Exeter's Hamm
19 to I Mr. Chifney's Caleb
19 to 1 Lord Verulam's Varennes (taken)
25 to 1 Caroline
26 to 1 —31 r. Petre's Rattler (taken)
30 to 1 Lord Orford's Medora
27 to 1 Mr. Cooke's Incubus
33 to 1 Colonel Udney's Antiope (taken)
33 to 1 Sir J. Shelley's Cressida
53 to 1 --- Lord Jager' Cobweb (taken)
40 to 1 Pickpocket
SO to 1 Duke of Graftoa's Pastille
SO to 1 Slight (taken)
600 to 400 on Rattler apt Caroline (taken)
1000 to 40 apt his Majesty's colt (taken)
1000 to 800 on Colwick agst Bras de Fer (taken)
OAKS.

5 to 1 apt Circassian
5e to 1 Oxygen (taken)
10 to 1 Delight
13 to 1 Sister to the bon
16 to 1 Dahlia (taken)
at. LUIS.
lit to 1 on the field.

CORN-EXCHANGE, FEB. 28.

,
The supply of Wheat today is very short, and last week's prices are
fully maintained. We have very large quantities of Barley, and finer
sorts, with a dull trade, barely maintain the last quoted prices ; inferior
1 sorts are Is. lower. The quantity of Oats arrived is extremely great :
and they, with a heavy trade, are from Is. to 2s. cheaper. Beans and
'Peas, with very little doing, are the same as last week. Flour as before.
Wheat,new,Kent, Essex 741 78s Peas, Grey . 38s 40s
Old . . —1 —s Beans, Small . . 40s 42.
Suffolk, (White) . 72.7& Tick . 321 36s
Norfolk & Sufi (Red), 66. 72. Oats, Potato. . Os 32s
Rye . . 30s 34. Ppland . 264 28,
Barley, 38s 401 ..Fine 44s 48s Feed • . 22. 24s
Pees, White . 40s 42s Flour, per sack. . . 80s 654
Boilers . . 46. 48. Rapeseed . .136 £3B per last
• 111,111VALS.

-
28,649
. 4,465
1,168
- 9.967

Wheat, English (qrs.) - 3,7311 Barley, Foreign .
Irish . . -..—. Oats, English
Foreign - . - 7,662 inch .
Barley, English - . 10.234 Foreign
Irish - - . Flour (sacks)

BMITHFIRLD—YESTICKDAY.
CATTILZ AT WA REIM :
Beasts, 2.4o7—Skeep, 14,860—Pigs, 140—Calves, 110.
Beef 4s 4d to 41 101 Pork
Hatton .... 41 84 5s 6d Lamb Os Od 01 Ohl
Veal
Hay (per load). £2 les. to £4 . Clover, AS 1/4s. to 45 10s.—
Straw, sel 14s. to .12 Os.

COAL. EXCHANGE, 10. 28.
Thirty new ships were at market to-day, and the total supply w.ui
SUL Ihe Coal Exchange was well attended by merchants, but no
business doing, u the duty expires to-morrow. Large asks may be
expected on Wednes.lay next.

CU3IRERLAND HAY.MARIERT—THIS DAV.
Coarse Heavy Lowland Meadow Hay, £2* 5.. to tit 10.. Useful
ditto, £2 10s. to .C 5 lie. Fine Upload Meadow and Bye Grass
Hay, £4 Os. to £4 10.. Clover Hay, £2 15s. to £5 3s Oat Straw,
Li 12s, to zi 14e. Wisest Straw...tt ills. to ka Os. per toad.

SMITHFIELD HAY-MARKET—THIS DAY.
Coarse Heavy Lowbad Meadow May, AO al: telt! Ws. theetti
ditto, it tda to b la. Floe Upland Meadow sod Rye GM' HO,
24 Os to 24 do Clover Hay, 23 Os. to L 5 lOs. Oat Stu*,
./1 144 to Z 1 Ifs. Moot Straw, 21 Ids. to Ad Os. per load.

that, fro's; and after dm thee heistif, the Pay and Allowances
k, which appears at Officers, Nomeraninionei Caters, Trumpeters, Drummers,
Biskra, Artificers, aid Pim, and the Contingent Are.
isivei`st` Woad Allownsesa._it mie at GUsaitlroMf Infant's .• - •
`,.•!eee and
end amen
3-4t6C944 shall
lie Amerique be tbMge=oll ligolgou and amen `gni under
as Units, par le the restrictions "scald In the regeladone hereunto annexed; and that
to General Ls-
no deviation from them regulations shell, on any account, be permitted,
unless our spedsi sanction for such deviatioe be communicated through
