AT TWO O'CLOCK.

India Bonds 88
India Stock,
New Annuities
£lOOO Each. Bills' SS 83
£5OO Ditto 82 3
.1100 and 41200 De. Mt 3
Commerdal
Advertised
India for Acct.
Cons. for Ace. (Aug.) 311 I

FOREIGN FUNDS. TWO O'CLOCK.
Brasil Bds. spr Ct. . Danish Ms. sp. Ct. 746
Ditto Ace. 736 Greek Bonds, 5 p Ct.
Colons. Bds. 6 per Ct. 21 Do. B. 182$, 5 p Ct. 576
Do. Bds. 1824, 213 1 Pmts. Bonds, 5 p Ct. 1021
Do. Ace. 226 Russ. Bds. 1522 Ct. 1116

TIIE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 22.

We have received a file of the Bengal Chronicle to
the 3d March. Some speculation had been caused by
the departure of the Chief Justice to Delhi and Simlah ;
and it was thought to precede some change of policy in
the interior. The intelligence in the Native papers
states, that RVNGZTT SING II was still at Lapore ;
and that SYND AMIIUD, and his followers, continued
to offer a formidable front of opposition, avowing his
resolution to try his strength against the Sikh army.
The usual state of disorder and discontent existed
at Leuknow. These papers contain an account of
the murder of Captain BaEssLaw, his wife, and
child. This Officer had, on the alarm of the late
insurrection at Mirgue, escaped in a schooner, which,
in the Straits of Papra, was seized by the crew ;
who having first, as before stated, murdered the Captain
and family, then ran the schooner stators and burnt
her. These Papers also contain the very interesting
account of a meeting of certain deputations of the inha-
bitants of Malacca, which we bare before had occa-
►ion to mention, having for its object the emancipation
of the slaves, at which it wail determined :—" That
shivery shall not be recognized in the town and territory
of Malacca, after the 31st Dec. 1841." This was signed
by the Dutch and Portuguese inhabitants, as well as by
5 Chulias, 5 Malays, and 5 Chinese, on behalf of their
respective castes.

The following is an extract from a commercial letter,
dated Carthagena, June 2 :—" From the interior no
buyers have arrived for several days past, without doubt,
on account of the political events and convulsions which
all the towns are experiencing, from the result of the
course taken by Venezuela. The people in general are
not in favour of levying war against that department.
Many fear that the LIBERATOR will remain in this de-
partment, and that our Government will view this with
distrust ; and this is one of the reasons that business is
paralyzed in this place."

Mr. BuxToN, on delivering last night two Petitions
to Parliament against West India Slavery, made some
observations, we presume, as a kind of final delivery of his
sentiments on the subject previous to the dissolution,
which.ealled for a reply from Sir ARCHIBALD GRANT,
in some degree, in vindication of the West India pro
prietors. Advocating, as we have done, and *shall ever
continue to do, the abolition of Negro Slavery, we are
not without apprehensions that the breach between the
West India Proprietors and the Abolitionists, is made
wider than necessary, by the latter not understanding
clearly, and to their full extent, the real difficulties with
which the West India Proprietors are at present labour-
ing. We were, therefore, happy to hear Mr. Bvx-

tow—whose voice, we presume, may be considered that
of the Abolitionists in the House—declare, that compen-
sation to the West India Proprietors for such losses as the
Proprietors might incur, by the measure, formed one part
of his proposed resolutions on the subject. We are
happy to find that Sir A. GIANT was satisfied by what
occurred ; because we are of opinion, that to make the abo-
lition of slavery successful, it can be accomplished in no
way so well as obviating, as far as possible, the positive
evils which the West India proprietors may suffer by the
change.

We are of opinion that no class of appellants for pro-
tection to the British Parliament, have their situation so
little understood by the public, generally, as the West
India interest. They are at present suffering from such
a combination of circumstances, that their interests have

become complicated to a degree, that requires actual
study and patient application of mind, fully to compre-
hend. When we speak thus, we speak from experience; for
we have only gradually become possessed of any thing
approximating to correct views on the subject. In
using the word correct, we, of course, mean such views as
can be substantiated by facts. Reluctant to touch upon any
subject of which we feel that our knowledge is imperfect,
we have lately been reading much upon Colonial Policy,and
the present situation of the West India posiessions, in
particular. As is always the cue with those open to
conviction, the more we investigate, the more we hue"
been surprised at our own previous imperfect information;
We have just perused a small tract, published, we be-
lieve, two or three months ago, which contains a most
clear, and at the same time succinct, account
of the present position of the West India Proprio-
tors ; and on some open day—to borrow' a phrase
from the Courts of Law—we shall think it our duty
to give an analysis of its contents. At present we have
only space to mention its title; and to recommend it to
those who are interested in understanding the subject of
which it treats. It is entitled, " Some considerations on
the present state of our West India Colonies, and on the
regulations which influence their industry and trade, by
a West Indian Proprietor."

RILYIEW OP THE HOUSEHOLD TROOPS BY THE
ROYAL. FAMILY. Two O'CLOCK THIS DAY.--Hie
Majesty reviewed the First and Second Regiments of
Life Guards this day, in the yard of the Regent's Park
barracks. Her Majesty, the Dukes of Sussex and Cum-
berland, Princes George and Leopold, with the whole
of the Royal Family arrived about ten o'clock.
The two bands, in their state uniforms, received the
Royal Party with " God save the King." His Ma-
jesty, having conversed for a short time with Lord Hill
and the General Officers, proceeded to put the regiments
through their evolutions, which gave the highest satis-
faction, and called forth the most enthusiastic applause.
Shortly after 11 o'clock the Royal Party left the barracks.
It being generally rumoured that a public breakfast
would be given by his Grace the Duke Wellington to the
Cabinet Ministers this day, at Apsley House, at which
his Majesty had been pleased to signify his intention of
being present, an immense number of the Nobility and
Gentry, in carriages, open landaus, phaetons, and on
horseback, assembled at Hyde Park corner, the entrance
to which was rendered nearly impassable. A military
band entered the lawn shortly after ten o'clnck,
and played during the morning some favourite airs.
The balcony was thronged with ladies, and the Duke
of Wellington and Prince Esterhazy repeatedly came
forward and received the cheers of the assemblage. About
12 o'clock the royal retinue entered the Park from Ox-
ford-street, and in one minute the fact was conveyed
by deafening acclamation. The Generals and other mili-
tary Of core had previously passed, as had two of the
Royal carriages. General Lord Hill passed in a cabriolet,
as did General Baird. At length the Royal carriages
passed Apsley House ; the Queen was in the first,
the Duke of Cumberland followed immediately. The
carriage in which his Majesty sat, contained the Duke of
Sussex. On inquiry, we found that the time occupied in
reviewing the troops prevented his Majesty stopping at
Apsley-house, as it would interfere with the Levee.

LEVEE TO-DAY.—In consequence of an erroneous
announcement in some of our contempoiaries of yester-
day, a considerable number of spectators were collected
in the Park this morning, expecting that the Guards
would be inspected by his MAJESTY. Though baulked
in their expectations, the large assemblage bore the dis-
appointment with great good humour. His MAJESTY
holds a Levee to-day, at the Palace of St. James's, at
four o'clock, and has deferred the inspection of the re-
maining battalion of Foot-guards till to-morrow morning,
at same hour and place, as on the two former days.
Considerable amusement was created at the review yes-
terday by the itinerant venders of fruit hawking their
pears and apples about the park, under the imposing
title of " ROYAL WILLIAMS! your honour!—six •
PENNY."

CITY. TIVELYtO•MOCK.
This being settling-day in Consols, the chief business
going forward at present is the settling •of accounts,
which at present is going off well, • .
Consols, which left off yesterday 9311 for the
count, opened at the same price ; and for Atigust Account
921 1 ; for Money. 921.
There is a great scarcity of arrivals; minsequently we
are without political information. = Et.
The Foreign Market is very inactive, and most of the.
prices are nominal.
Calcutta Papers to the 27th February, and Port-au-
Prince to the 14th June, have been. received at the North
and South American Coffee-house. From the Calcutta
Price Current :—ln Cotton no sales hare been reported•
since our last quotation ;- prices almost nominal. In
Indigo we have heard of no transactions during the past
week, with the exception of a few auction sales, widish
have been going off very heavily. The Hon.
have ceased purchasing. Shipments to Engel:re
some extent, are in progress. Country piece goods
have have fallen 10 to 15 per cent. during the past week. In
Opium no transactions have been reported ,giuce the
Hon. Company's sale on Friday last, which went of with
lapirit; at prices rather lower than the December sale.
has been in active demand during the week, and
ileices still looking up. In Cotton piece-good!, boa
rigida= are in fair demand, at low rates. Freights le
Leneou, 4/. 19i. to 81.8 s.
The-Port-an-Prines papers art void of Wore' st. Then
was will: a report there of a Spanish expedition of 8,000
men, oA tlieir way. to' the east part of the meet of Hayti;
to make a landing there
LIYZAPOOL, JULY 19.—There has been a very fair
demand for pins timber this nook, and although no se-

teal improvement has taken place in the price, there is
evidently more jconfidence in the market, and an advance
seems to be anticipated. All the cargoes that have ar-
rived have been sold: the St. John's cargoes at 181 d. to
18fd. per foot; Richebucto at 19d. per foot. The de-
mand for Baltic timber continues steady.
CITY, HALF-PAST ONX.
We do not hear, to the present time, of any express
from Paris ; therefore there cannot be any great altera-
tions in the French funds, or news of consequence.
Consols may be quoted 93f to 94 for Money, and
931 for the August Account; without the dividend, 9211.
There ban been a fluctuation, during the present Ac.
count, of about 21 per cent. Owing to the great abun-
dance of money, it is not exactly known whether it is a
Bull or Bear Account.
In the French Market little or nothing doing.
In Shares nothing doing.
South Metropolitan Gas 2f prem. Phoenix 7 to 71
prem.
....mvommwenswesei

COURT INTELLIGENCE.

His MAJ &STY, accompanied by the Duke and h._
George of Cumberland, Prince Frederick of Prussia,
and attended by a numerous Staff, inspected the two
battalions of the third Regiment of Foot Guards, on the
Parade in St. James's Park, yesterday morning, under
the command of the Duke of Gloucester as Colonel of
the Regiment. The King afterwards went to join the
Queen at the residence of Earl Bathurst, in Downing-
street. Her Majesty, accompanied by the Duchess
of Cumberland, the Princess Augusta, the Duchess
of Gloucester, and attended by the Marchioness of
Ely, Earl Howe (Chamberlain), the Earl of Errol
(Master of the Horse), Countess of Errol, Miss Fitz-
clarence, and Colonel M‘Donell, had witnessed the in-
spection from the noble Earl's residence, which commands
a view of the Parade. The Queen was recognised by
the dense crowds assembled on the Parade, and was
greeted in an enthusiastic manner. The King and Queen,
the Members of the Royal Family, their Majesties'
Househould, and the Officers of the King's Staff, sat
down to a public breakfast given by the Earl and
Countess. The King and Queen,' the Members of the
Royal Family, and nearly the whole of the party, went
in carriages to Somerset House, for the purpose of
viewing the exhibition of the Royal Academy. Mr.
Shee (the President), Sir William Beechey, and other
Members of the Council, Mr. Hilton (the Keeper), and
Mr. Howard (the Secretary of the Academy), received
their Majesties, and had the honour of conducting them
through the various schools. Their Majesties were occu-
pied about an hour and a half in viewing the exhibition.
On leaving the exhibition, their Majesties were received
with the loudest acclamationsby the multitude. The Prin-
cess Augusta and a select party dined with the King and
Queen in the evening at the Palace, St. James's. Mr. W.
Chipman, Judge of the Supreme Court of New Bruns-
wick, had the honour of being presented to his Ma-
jesty on Monday, at the Court of St. James's, by Sir
Geo. Murray, Secretary of State for the Colonies, on
his return to New Brunswick. Their Majesties en-
tertained Prince Leopold and a select party to dinner
on Monday evening, at the Palace, in St. James's.
Prince Leopold left town yesterday for his residence at
Claremont. Prince Frederick of Prussia visited Sir
Robert and Lady Peel at their residence in Privy
Gardens. His Royal Highness viewed the collection of
pictures of the Right Honorable Secretary in the
Picture Gallery and in other parts of his residence.
Colonel Fitzclarence returned to town on Monday night
from the Continent. The Colonel was, (it is understood)
the bearer of an invitation from his Majesty to the King
of Wirtemberg at Boulogne. The King of Wirtemberg
has accepted the invitation, and some of his Majesty's
Household have received orders to embark in a vessel
which was to sail at four o'clock this morning, to con-
vey the King from Boulogne. The French Ambassador
had a long conference with the Earl of Aberdeen yester-
day at the Foreign Office. The Lord Chief Baron of
the Exchequer, and the Earl of Mountcharles, had inter-
views with the Duke of Wellington yesterday at the Trea-
sury.

Some lawyers of eminence, it is said, deterred from
offering themselves for seats in Parliament, as their suc-
cess would shut them out from any share in the profitable
harvest to be obtained as Counsel on Petitions.
The history of the spurs worn by the Herald at the
proclamation of his Majesty at Exeter is somewhat cu-
rious, Mr. Baker, an ironmonger in the High-street, of
that city, having purchased them in a lot of old iron by
weight at one farthing per pound ; and on their being
polished for the ceremony, they proved to be a pair of
genuine Knight's spurs, decorated with a 13eur-de-lis,
and worth, as old silver, upwards of 31.
His Majesty,quite unattended, walked up St. James's-
street on Monday afternoon ; he was attired in a black
coat and white trousers. He appeared in excellent health.
It is calculated that the return of the Court to London,
together with the holding of drawing-rooms, dz. will
distribute not less than a million of money among the va-
?lois trades immediately benefitted by it.
It is said that the promised public opening from Wa-
terloo-place into St. James's-park will, after all, be no-
thing more than a narrow stair, under one of the arches,
for foot-passengers.
A Noble Lord is said to have purchased the rotten bo-
rough nearest to the metropolis, and to have disposed of
the two seats at the rate of 1,5001. a year each to two
nominees of a great commercial company.
• We believe it is not true, as stated by some of our con-'
temporaries, that the King will dispense al ether with
tt.i`terrices of his late Majesty's privatL.NiM:. That it
was an expensive affair to his late Majesty cannot be de-
nied ; inasmuch as its annual drain on the privy purse
amounted to more than 8,0001. but it consisted of forty

eminent performers ; so that iudividusily their emolu-
ments were not very excessive ; and persons, who pro-
fess to know all about the matter, say that his Majesty
merely intends to reduce their number by about one-
third.

According to a return, just printed, of superannuation
allowances granted, in the public departments only, since
1822, &c. it appears that there now remains annually
payable 202,6091. 15s. 14d. (three farthings !) or a
good stride towards a quarter of a million for superan-
nuation*, on account of public offices alone I Here, in-
deed, appears to be something of the " Canine" that Sir
J. Graham so powerfully spoke of. The superannuation
beat the sinecures hollow in the rapidity of formation.
Prince William Henry, now oar gracious Sovereign,
was a brother Midshipman with Admirals Keats and
Oliver, and Mr. Alderman R. Digby, of Cork, on board
Admiral. Digby's flag-ship, in the celebrated engagement
of Lord Rodney with the Count de Grease, in the West
Indies, on the 12th of April, 1782.
_ _

His Grace the Duke of teinster has, in eensiderai

of his unemployed tenantry, and the Present depression
of the times, opened a source of work for at least one
hundred men, in the neighbourhood of Rathanpa, when
they can earn from one shilling to one shilling and
el:penal' Per day. The work is now going on a fort-
night, and will continue till the harvest is fully in.

Almost all the members of the Royal Family resident
upon the Continent are shortly expected to London on a
congratulatory visit to their Majesties. The only object of
Colonel Fitxclarence's " private mission to the Continent"
is the escorting the young King of Wirtemburgh to
England.
Some of the papers have intimated that his Majesty
has discharged all the French cooks employed by his late
Majesty. But the fact is, that M. Amend Vilmet, his
late Majesty's chief cook, retires of his own accord to en-
joy the otistrn cunt dipitate of his long labours at the
Cou►t of George the Fourth; but all the others, whe-
ther French or English, may remain if they choose to
" take office" under his present Majesty's chief cook,
Mr. Mason, who was formerly a pupil of M. Amend Vil-
met, and studied in the Royal kitchen at Windsor.

The Gazette of last night contains addresses of con-
gratulation from the Corporation of the City of London,
from the University of Oxford, from the University of
Cambridge, from the Dean and Faculty of Edinburgh,
the United Incorporation of Mary's Chapel, Edinburgh,
the Inhabitants of Buxham, Torbay, the ancient Royal
Burgh of Ayr, from the town and neighbourhood of
Blackburn, the Merchants' House of Glagow, the Royal
College of Physicians of Glasgow, and the City of
Brechin, in Scotland ; to each of which his Majesty gave
a most gracious answer.
The Earl of Errol, who has been appointed Master of
the Horse to her Majesty, is Hereditary Lord High
Constable and Knight Marshal of Scotland, and was
united to Miss Elizabeth Fitzclarence, third daughter of
his Majesty, 4th December, 1820, at which period his
Lordship was a minor, having been born in the year 1801.
The nuptials of the Noble Earl with Miss Fitzclarence
were, however, solemnized with the sanction and approba-
tion of his guardians, and the issue of this marriage
are two children—viz.: Lady Adelaide Augusta Hay,
born October 29, 1821, and William Lord Hay, born
May 3, 1823. His Lordship's eldest brother, Lord
Hay, was an ensign in the let Regt. of Foot Guards, in
which corps his Lordship served at the battle of Water-
loo, where he was unfortunately killed, in the 18th year
of his age. The present Lord entered the army as an
ensign in the 85th regiment, and, during the adminis-
tration of the Marquis of Anglesey in Ireland, his Lord-
ship was attached to the household of the noble Viceroy,
as Aid-de-camp. The Earl is also one of the Scottish
Representative Peers, and his late Majesty appointed him
one of the Lords of the Bedchamber ; but the latter office
his Lordship resigned some time previous to the demise
of the King. His Lordship's only surviving brother, the
Hon. Samuel Hay, holds a commission in the 7th Royal
Fusileers.

Though the Earl Marshal's official description of the
Royal obsequies (published in a Supplementary Gazette
on Monday) says " All the Princes of the Royal blood
retired immediately after the funeral ceremony," yet did
not all retire. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cum-
berland remained behind : and when the Chapel was en-
tirely cleared, not only of the official personages who
took part in the procession, but of the last lingering
spectator, his Royal Highness, attended by the Deputy
Surveyor-General, and a few workmen, descended into
the Royal vault, and took a minute survey of every
thing therein contained. He passed successively from
coffin to coffin, in the order in which they bad Leen
consigned to the tomb, dwelling a few moments in
silent contemplation upon each, until he came to that
which encloses the remains of the late Duke of York ;
when, suddenly turning to the Deputy Surveyor-Gene-
ral, he said, " Mathews, my poor brother York's coffin
seems much more mildew'd than any of its predecessors!"
The velvet covering the Duke of York's coffin is, in fact,
much discoloured ; whilst those of George the Third and
his Queen, the Princess Charlotte, the Duke of Kent,
and even that of the Princess Amelia, remain as fresh in
appearance as when first placed within the sepulchre. Mr.
Mathews explained to his Royal Highness, that, in all
probability, the discolouration of the velvet on the Duke
of York's coffin was the consequence of the wood, of
which the coffin was formed, not having been so well sea-
soned as the others. His Royal Highness made no fur-
ther eomment ; but, laying his hand on the coffin of his
late Majesty, and pondering on the inscription for a mo-
ment or two, he ascended from the vault, and returned
to his apartments in the Castle.

PROVINCIAL INTELLIGENCE.
The following placard was, on Friday morning, posted
up at Moriarty's Hotel, Ennis, by Mr. Steel, who arrived
from Dublin, by the mail.—" O'Connell will leave Li-
merick on Sunday morning on his way to Clare. Mr.
Steel is going to the mountains and other districts to call
the people to meet the Liberator, at Cratleo Cress...-Erin
go Brag/."

LID[MUCK COUNTY. Colonel Fits-Gibbon, Mr.
Massy Dawson, and Colonel O'Grady, are to be again
upon their country, each confident of success. The three
candidates were ell through the steady friends to the
emancipation of their Catholic countrymen, so that the
contest, being merely one of honourable ambition, and
balanced as the leading interests of the county will be, 14
expected to be a close push for the post of honour.

LIMERICK CITY.—The friends of Mr. Rice and Mr.
Dickson are equally sanguine as to the issue of the
coming struggle. Mr. Rice leaves London on Friday.
and will be here on Monday or Tuesday ; his friends are
numerous and influential. The minor press is already at
its labours. Sptibbings at dancing-masters and jugglers
are but the pioneers of the campaign, which is likely to
be fought with all the sinews of war. There are letters
in town stating that the Honourable Major Vereker is
also to stand.—Limerich Post.

CLARE.—O'Gorman Mahon, whose arrival in Ireland
appears in another place, will be in Clare in two or th►ee
days to renew his personal application to his friends.
amongst whom are a number of the most leading inte-
rests of the county. Mr. O'Connell has avowed himself
a candidate for Drogheda, so that the contest will be be-
tween Mr. Lucius O'Brien, Major M‘Namara, and
O'Gorman Mahon. Mr. O'Brien has powerful family
interest, but O'Gorman Mahon and the Major are " the
men of the people ; " added to which, Major M' Namara
has the most numerous registry in the county on his own
estates : it is, however, generally supposed that O'Gor-
man Mabon will ride the foremost hone.—Clam Sentinel.

COUNTY OF LOUTH.-111* meeting of freeholder at
Castle Bellingham on Thursday, was most numerous.
John Henry, Esq. (nephew of Mr. Dawson), in the
choir. Mr. Verdon, 'wooded by Mr. James Markey,
moved a resolution declaring Mr. SW to be the popular
eesedate. This was carried by acclamation. After the
:=in the open air, a number of individuals m-
in the room of Arthur's Inn, where a scene of
strong contention took place. Mr. Monition read two
letters free Mr. O'Connell, which appeared not to have
boss latomilod to be made public. In the latter of those
that -gentimala stated that be should only stand for
Louth in the event of the retirement of Mr. Shell and
Mr. Bellew.

.4 rikk
-"- k
\ eC
at pp, s -
• E VIC OS`
, Prf
