MEXICO.

MANIFESTO OP 'THE SUPREME EXECPTIVE POWER TO
THE NATION.
a The Republic is about to be governed by one Pre-
sident, and before this memorable event takes place, we
are anxious to address ourselves to our countrymen for
the last time,. and to give them an account of our
administration.
" Recalling the past, and fixing our eyes on the point
whence we started, we observe that by degrees our si-
tuation has sensibly improved. We shall not be so in-
considerate as to ascribe to ourselves these improve-
ments and advantages. We have been actuated by
good intentions ; we have sincerely and zealously de-
sired the happiness of our country ; we have done our
utmost to attain it ; but the favourable position in which
we are placed must be ascribed principally to the good
sense and indulgent character of-the nation, to the inte-
grity and wisdom of the Congress, and still more to
unforeseen circumstances and events--circumstances
and events which spew in an ostensible manner that
be who governs nations has especially favoured thepeo;
ple of Anahuac.
" We received into our arms a Republic recently
sprung up, but in a state truly pitiable—with an ex-
hausted treasury—with a paper money at a discount of
75 per cent. with a want of credit which had reached
its height—with resources either remote or difficult—
without economy or system in the administration of the
public finances—with an army unprovided, unarmed,
and undisciplined—with our little navy in want of
everything, incomplete in action, and even nothing in
the harbour, before the value of equipping it was paid.
On the other hand, without consideration in Burope,
- without official contact or relation with any one of the
nations which compose it, without alliances with the
people on this side of the Atlantic; in addition to this,
with powerful and exasperated parties in the interior,
with conspiracies succeeding each other every moment,'
with authorities of the first. consequence acting in an
equivocator hostile manner, with the first Congress op-
posed by public opinion on account of the controcatoria,
with a part of the provinces anticipating a movement
which was to be legal, uniform, and simultaneous, with
marked symptoms of a dangerous dissolution on some
points; in fine, with order scandalously subverted in the
very seat of the Supreme Power, with a capital in the
hands of a faction, and the Government seeking an asy-
lum in the bosom of the Congress. Such, fellow-citi-
zens, is the heap of frightful ruins and dangerous pre-
cipices through which we have passed, in a few months,
to teach the point at-which we have now arrived. -
,r It must be confessed that this picture is neither
flattering nor very satisfactory ; but for the glory of the
Mexican nation, for the confusion of the tyrants who
delight in our disorders, and for the instruction of na-
tions, who, without prejudice or pattialite, observe our
progress, what country in the world has disorder visi-
ted on a less cruel, fatal, or disastrous fall? In what
nation of the earth have the appearances and changes
which have been realised in our country within so short
a period, not produced the same fatal results? Even in
the memorable days of the 24th, '2sth, and 26th of
January of the present year, which our enemies in Eu-
sore so much endeavoured to emblazon for our discre-
dit, did any blood flow ? Was not the property of our
fellow-citizens respected ? Is it not certain that even the
common disorders of populous cities disappeared on
those nights? Ler. therefore, the injustice and the:slan-
der cease of those, who on the other side of the Atlan-
tic calurbnia.e, because they cannot devour us.
" But that which ought to discourage the malignity,
and to make them lose the hope of enslaving us .Isecond
time, is the consideration of our progre,s, and the view
of the contra. t which exists between our situation 18
months ago, and our situation at present. Our credit
has perceptibly recovered, our paper money is at par,
and almost all redeemed—the civil debt is satisfied—
part of the loan which had been authorised by the Go-
vernment has been contracted for, and the remainder
has been lately stipulated for on much more favourable
terms. As for °Or defence, means have been taken to
create an armament of great amount, while in the mean
time our veterans are clothed and armed, discipline
established, and the excess of Officers considerably re-
duced. At the same time, our artillery is sufficient for
all our wants, and the active militia is organizing with
zeal. In this manner, within a short time, the army of
the Republic, already re,pectable for the number and
excellence of its troops, will be put in a state of giving
us the enjoyment of complete security, and freeing us
from any fear as to attacks or insults from abroad.
" As to our rising navy, the expenses of constructing
small vessels which previously existed have been paid;
foci of those which have been newly built, part are in
continual activity ; and according to the arrangements
lately adopted by the Government, it is to be hoped
that-in a short time the Mexican flag Will wave and
make itself respected along the coast of the Atlantic.
On the other hand; the territory and power of the Re-
public have been increased by the addition of the pro-1
vince of Chiapa, which, having freely and joyfully pro-
nounced itself in favour of our federation, now com-
poses one of our States; and this event, auspicious and
memorable in civil order, is more so in a moral point of
view, from the justice, the disinterestedness, and the
dignity with which the negotiation was conducted.
" As to our foreign relations with other Powers,
treaties of the greatest importance have been formed
with the warlike Republic of Colombia. The Govern-
ment of the United States of the North, which had al-
ready acknowledged our independence, has lately ap-
pointed a Minister to reside with us; while in the mean
time its Consuls are in our capital and in our ports, in
the full exercise of the functions and powers which be-
long to them. The same has been realised with the
agents of that class from the King of Great Britain;
and from the frank, kind, and friendly conduct of that
nation towards the Mexican, we may hope that within a
short time the independence of the nation of Anahuac
will be recognized by the Mistress of the Seas. On our
part, we have sent a Minister with full powers to the
Government of his Britannic Majesty, of whose arrival
in London we have just been informed; and from the
course of things, and the order with which events are
coming-to pass, it may be hoped that the dbject of his
mission will be completely fulfilled. Our embassy to
the United States of America has already set out for
its destination; a Minister has likewise been appointed
to represent us and the Republic of Colombia. An
agent has also been nominated to proceed to Rome to
conduct ecclesiastical negotiations; and another has
been appointed to the United States of Central America,
whose independence has been recognized within
these few days. And here we would desire for our
own good, and for that of Spain herself, to be able to an-
nounce that we had entered into negotiations with that

;•••

nation. We had indeed hopl‘s of that kind daring the
existence of the form_er Government; but the restora-
tion of Ferdinand VII. to the exercise of absolute
power, his decrees relative to us, and his contests with
the Power which has endeavoured to Mediate on this
subject, paralyze for the moment all means of concilia-
tion, and only allow reason to expect on his part a syi-
tem of hostilities and bad treatment, which we neither
have provoked nor deserved.
" But, returning to our interior : In the midst of the
dangers which suirounded the Executive Power, its
ptincrpal object was the installation of the present Con-
gress, which happily could meet without danger ; tLe
constituent act was formed—the Republic peacefully
and gradually acquired the federative form—the tem-
pestuous clouds which appeared towards the west and
the south were dissipated—conspiracies were timely
discovered and put down—the fire of civil war was
extinguished on the 19th of July—the Constitution des.
tined to direct the federal union has been finally con-
cluded, and solemnly sanctioned : in short, everything
has assumed a favourable aspect, and the Republic is
now in a condition to receive the impulse destined to
push it onwards to aggrandizement and elevation.
" Such is our actual position. What more could be
asked for a people in its infancy, and in a state of ap-
prenticeship and inexperience ? Have those nations
done more which accuse us to be unfit for constitu-
tional liberty ? Thre may arise in our vicissitudes mo-
difications and changes, from which even robust and
consolidated Powers are not always free. But does
not this basis of benevolence and caution—this fund of
kindness and good understanding—this force of privi-
leged instinct with which the natiou is advancing to
save and form itself, afford a guarantee that patriotism,
will always dwell among us; and that, filially, the
work of our establishment and consolidation will be
consummated ?
4t Fellow-countrymen !—You may judge of what the
Mexican people are capable from what they have al-
ready achieved. It is true, that some zealous and well
intentioned men desire to see us on a par with adult na-
tions, and that they even ate dejected because e have
not arrived at that point ; but this desire is unreasonable
—the accomplishment of it is impossible ; for the ele-
vation of nations can only be the woi k of time, along
with good institutions.
" Let us not, therefore, exaggerate evils, which, if
they exist, are inevitable in Sur situation. Let us be
penetrated with the feeling of our own sufficiency, and
be coavinced that we shall finally accomplish our -vi-
ce, prise, as we have already surmounted the most diffi-
cult and painful portion of it. The steps which we
have to take are few ; the sacrifices which remain to be
made are small. Let us, therefore, not lose the good
which we must all have in our hands, nor, on the eve
of attaining the summit of our wishes, let us render
ourselves unworthy of triumph and happiness.
" As for us, who, being elevated to the highest posts
of the Republic, have administered to the State in rude
and difficult times—who have never treated with the
efernies of our country—who, in obedience to the voice
of that country, have surrendered our command, and
who have never-abused the plmitude of our power, or
the extraordinary resources with which the Congress
had intrusted us—do not so many titles give us the
light of claiming at these last tnotnents the indulgence
of the Mexican people, to fix their attention on their
most dear and valuable interests?
o Fellow-countrymen !—Let us never forget that a
Government cannot exist without subordination—that
economy and virtue are the soul of the Federal Union,
and that without union we must infallibly lose our own
independence. If we are united, whatever be the re-
forms and modifications which circumstances may in-
troduce amongst us, we shall still be able to. be free,
independent, and happy. But if, unfortunately, e
disagree, we shall be the laughing-stock of nations, the
execration of our brothers and neighbours, and
(what ought to make us shudder still mole) we
shall be the prey of our ancient masters, who will
conic to bind us with heavier chains—who will come to
insult our misfortunes with redoubled pride and in-
creased malignity. Let, therefore, this image never
disappear from our minds. Let us shut up all the
avenues of discord, and prevent a state of things so in-
supportable to humanity. Let us not deceive ourselves.
There is no State in the Federation which can exit in-
dependent of itself. Whoever attempts that disorder is
the most perfidious enemy of his country, and the re-
sult would be general disorganization ; and that mo-
ment we shiiuld have impotence and prostration, and
the end would be ruin and slavery. Let us never forget
this conservative principle of the Republic and its well-
being—that united, Mexico can do everything, but di-
vided we are nothing, and have no power; liberty is
destroyed, and our country disappears.
" Although we have not the glory of leaving the na-
tion so flourishing and so consolidated as we would de-
sire, yet we have the satisfaction to think that it is
maintained in a state of energy and strength, and that it
has reached this state by itself; requiting nothing on our
part but good intentions. But now, while power and
authority are centered in one, a new career opens for its
good, and it must rapidly march towards prosperity
and splendour. In descending at last from the high
post to which the will of the oation advanced US, we
are occupied by no other idea, we are agitated by no
other sytiment, than that of the r abbe felicity. The
high an7l inestimable kindness by which we have been
distinguished, imposes upon us the sweet obligation of
being the foremost and most ardent Patriots. We shall
do our utmost to fulfil this duty ; we shall employ
ourselves in the service of our country, without avoiding
sacrifices; and if we are allowed to enjoy private life,
we shall endeavour to make our retirement useful by'
the examples which we shall afford of respect and at-
tachment to authority—of obedience and submission
to the law.
" Let us, therefore, prepare the happiness of future
generations. May our country improve and attain ele-
vation and aggrandizement in all senses. May our
fellow-citizens be happy, and may this rich, fertile, and
delicious land, in which we first saw the light, be great
among the nations, celebrated by some, and feared by
others, as the land of liberty, the school of morals,
the refuge of the good, the rock of ambition, and the
grave of tyrants.
(Signed)

" GUADALUPE VICTORIA, President
" NICHOLAS BRAVO.
" MIGUEL DOMINGUEZ.
" Mexico, Oct. 6, 18t4."

The Halifax Papers announce the death of Colonel
Des BARRE, late Lieutenant-Governor and Commander iu Chief of
Prince Edward's island, at the advanced age of 102 years. His re-
mains were interred in St. George's Church with military honours ;
the President, Members of the Council, the Officer 3 of the Army
and Navy, the Magistrates, and principal inhabitant% attending the
funeral

*

Tl-IE-EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 24 1824.
THE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE. TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Ccinsols opened this morning at 951 96 for the Account, at which
price they remain up to this hour, with little doing.
FOREIGN FUNDS.
The most busfilest doing in the Foreign Market is in Mexican,
which has been done at 71, since which it hal lowered.
Current Prices : New Spanish 151, Old 221 1, Russian 951 96,
Mexican 701 1, Colombian Nest $7l, Chilian 801 81, French Scrip
•141 pre. Marine Alliance 11 pre. Portuguese 881, Alliance Shares 81
pre. BrasUian Scrip 5/ pre. Buenos Ayres 89, Colombian Mines 110/
pre. Rio de la Plata 9110, Greek 571, Gas par.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.•
Bank Stock 2291/2
3 per Cent. Red. 94% %
S per Cent. Cons. shut.
3i per Cent. Red. 101 100%
4 per Cent. New shut.
• Lnr.g Ann. 22 15-16—India Bonds 96 95
£l,OOO Exclieq. Bilk (2d.) 54 5; (1%/d.) 53 6
£5OO ditto (114 d.) .53 6
£lOO and £2OO ditto (1 V2d.) .53 6
Cons. for Acct. 95 96 95%

Some days ago we stated that there was an increase in
the Customs, for the preset* Quarter, of about £200,000;
and that in other branches of the Revenue, there was
also an increase. We now understand, that in the Ex-
cise alone, there will be an increase of upwards of
E 400,000 in the present Quarter, as compared with the
corresponding Quarter of last year, which, if added to
the £200,000 increase of the Customs, will make an
excess of £600,000 in the Quarter; or at die rate of
£2,600,000 4-year, in two branches of theßevenue alone.

It will be teen, by referring to another part of our
Paper, that Air. O'CoNNELL, whose intemperate ha-
rangues at the Catholic Association we have more than'
once noticed, has been held to bail for seditious words
used at one of the late Meetings of that body.

Mexican Papers to the 6th of October have been re
ceived. They contain the documents, and an account)
of the proceedings in the Congress, of which we gave
a brief but correct outline yesterday. On the 4th of
October, it was decreed to present the Constitutional
act of Congress to the Supreme Executive Power, for
its sanction. The assembly first proceeded to read the
Constitution. It was then resolved, that after the sig.
nature of the President and Vice• President, the Consti-
tution should be signed by the Members by States,which
was done, and a deputation appointed to present it to
the Executive. A decree was then passed, authorizing
the publication of the Constitution with due solemnity,
and the transmitting copies to the Governors of the
several States. The speech of the President en the
occasion was received with acclamation from the gal-
Jerks, which were crowded. In another part of our'
Paper we have given the ManifestO issued by the
Executive, on their resigning the government to
the President. It is an important document, and
will be read with interest. It will be seen

that a hope is expressed of our soon recognizing
the independenceof Mexico. After alluding to the
United States Consuls being in the Capital and Ports
of the Republic, in the full exercise of the functions
and powers which belong to them, the Manifesto says,
the same has been realized with the agents of that
class from the King a Great' Britain ; and from the
frank, kind, and friendly conduct of that nation towards
the Mexican, we may hope that within a short time the
independence of the nation of Anahuac wili be recog-
nized by the Mistress of the Sea."

We regret to state that Mt. Secretary CANNING still
continues confined, by a severe fit of the gout, at the Foreign Once,
Downing-street.
The Duke and Duchess of RICHMOND are expected to
return to Goodwood House by the end of the week.
Lord ERSKINE, family, and suite, leave West Grin-
stead Park the sth of January, for Wurtemberg ; Mr. Wyman=
(only son of the Admiral), accompanies his Lordship, as Secretary
to the Embassy to the above Court.
Captain 'l'. A PPLILTON, of the Royal Mat ines, is about
to embark to join the Isis, 58, the flag-ship of Vice-Admiral Sir L.
W. Ilat.s.rm, in the Vircst
Tuesday morning last, before day-break, Captain
Goes, with Miss Benno's, of Loudgeville, Salop, passed through
Chester, in a chaise and four, on their way to the hymeneal black-
smith, at Gretna Green, They changed horses at the Royal Hotel,
and proceeded with great rapidity on their journey. They bad
been rivetted only two or three hours, when the Lady's (remit, in
hot pursuit arrived, but " the deed was done."
Sit It. R. VYVYAN is at present the only candidate for
the representation of Cornwall.
AIIIIIVALS IN intim FROM

Dec. 20.—Marquis of Westmeath, Messrs. Keating, Brownlow,
Carr, Hearne, Dixon, Berry, Porter, and two Ladies, Smith Bun-
bury, Major Logan, &c.
DSTAILTUSIS FROM DIMES FOS INCLAND.
Dec. 18.—Colonel Hutchinson, Messrs Lynar, Hamilton, Page,
O'Neill, Morris, Shaw, Blackwell, Bradbury, Dwyer, Stephenson,
Daly, Tierney, Daniel, M'Effe, Kelly, Stack, MallenCobbold, Or-
pen, Thomas, Warren, O'Gorman, Hutton, Mussenden, Read;
Mrs. Aylmer, Mrs. Hutton, Mrs. Porter, Mr. O'Neill, Mrs. Price,
Mr. M'Cormack, Mrs. Irvin, Miss Hutton, &c.
The accounts brought to town this morning, from
the North, represent the roads as being in a dreadful state, from
the late incessant rains. The marshes. and fens in Rutlandedre ; at
Crowland, near Peterborough; and in the Isle of Ely, are com-
pletely under water.
Yesterday, the Fishmongers Company distributed
their annual donation to its poor members, and visited and re-
lieved the poor in their alms-houses.
Mr. H. &very, when taken before the Magistrates at
Bristol, on Wednesday, exhibited such symptoms of mental excite-
ment, as induced them to remand him for a few days.
The first export of wool from England for two cen-
turies took place last week; fifty bags of a coarse quality were
exported last week to the United States of America. It will be
remembered, that the export of wool has been prohibited for two
hundred years in England, till the last Session of Parliament, when
a Bill was brought forward, allowing the export of wool on the pay-
ment of a duty of one penny per pound under the new Act the
export bas taken place.
IMPORTANT TO EAST INDIANS AND THE PUBLIC GE-
lemuLt.y.— The earliest and best account* of all occurrences, foreign
and domestic, together with early, accurate, and exclusive informa-
tion front INDiA, derived front the most authentic sources, and ar-
ranged in the most careful manner, are contained in the Taszacore,
published every Sunday Morning, by E. Livetstoitz, at 11, Crane-
court, Fleet-street, and sold by all Newsmen, price 7d.


totiiir 91' RINQS ijENizi—titt6 bAV:

PERJURYTiiIIt LING ON Irlit raOIIICITTIO* Or I.

SHERIFF PARKINS V. JOHN BELLAMY.

Mr. C. F. WILLIAMS stated, that this was an indictment againsi
the defendant for perjury. The prosecution arose in come,
quence of an assault having been Committed on the person
of Mr. Ea-Sheriff Parkins, by a man named Scott, on the
steps of the above Court, in a cause tried there in April
This man Scott was afterwards indicted at the Aliediesee
sions, and found guilty of the olienee, notwithstanding the d,
fendant swore that Scott did not assault Mr. Parkins. Per_
jut y, the Learned Couilsel said, was a case of a most serious
scription, and he had no doubt the Jury would give it due
liberation.
Mr. DENMAN, with Mr. Patt.t.tra, took several objection% on the
points of the record, and the book containing the minutes on the tri,!,
which, being fatal, the Jury, wider the direction of the Lord Coat
Justice, acquitted the defendant.
