HIS MAJESTY'S VISIT TO IRELAND.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1821.
THE FUNDS.
PRICES OF STOCKS TIIIS DAT AT 01:11 O'CLOCK :
3 per Cent. Reduced 767/ 77
3 per Cent. Ccns. 761/4 3/4-4 per Ct. 95y
5 per Ct. Navy 10978 109
Long Annuities 19% 11-16
Old Annuities 761/2—New ditto 7578
Exchequer Bill•; 4s. 6s. pr.
Cons. for Acct. 76i4 3/8.

The Paris Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday have
arrived.—Accounts are stated to have been received,
from Rio Janeiro, by a vessel arrived at Havre, of
a Revolution having taken place in the Government
of the Brazils. The Hereditary Prince had been
deprived of the Presidency, but admitted into the
Council of Regency. One account says, however, that
the Prince has resolved on embarking for Lisbon.
Letters from Vienna of the 3d August say, " A
Courier Extraordinary arrived yesterday from St.
Petersburgh, with dispatches for our Government.
Ile had this morning a special consultation with
Prince METTERNICH, from which it is believed that
the (dispatches received yesterday were of a very impor-
t int nature. The Swiss General, Count Gupowascri,
who art ivied from Petersburgh some days since, set
out on the Ist inst. for Paris. It is not precisely known
whether the journey of this General has any political
object. It appears that a strong sympathy has been ex-
cited in Germany, particularly amongst the Students
and a part of the Literati, in favour of the Greeks.—
A Professor of this cast has been preaching for some
time a Crusade, for the purpose of delivering the
(;leeks from the Infidels ; and of course he has made
a suong iniptession upon the heated minds of the
German Students. It was proposed by him, that
subscriptions should he raised to defray the expenses
of the outfit, and to enable the young Crusaders to
embark at Trieste for Greece. It has been likewise
recommended that applications should be made to
the Governments of Hesse and Bavaria, to allow a
pa .sage through their territories.
iPbILANTI is said to have delivered to his troops
the following cutting and indignant address, in sur-
tendering the hopes of his enterprise, and finally part-
int, from those whose treachery and cowardice had len.
dered them useless to him, and fatal to their country :
" Soldiers! No ! I shall sully that honourable and sacred name
by applying it to beings like you. Ye herd of dastardly and
cruel men, your treachery, your perjury, force me to abandon
you. In future every tie is broken between us; but I shall
:dsvays deeply feel the shame of having been your Chief. You
have trampled under foot your oaths; you have betrayed Gun
and your country. You have betrayed me at a time when I
hoped to conquer or to die gloriously at your head. We are
now separated for ever. Go and jobs the Turks, who are alone
worthy of your friendship. Steal out of the woods where you
have concealed yourselves—descend from the mountains which
yin have chosen as the retreat of your cowardice. Hasten to
join the Turks : kiss those hands which still reek with the blood'
of the beads of Your Church, your Patriarchs, your Arch-priests,
and your innocent brethren whom they have so inhumanly
butchered'. Yes ; run to purchase slavery with the price of
your blood—with the sacrifice of the honour of your wives and
children ! But you, images of the true Greeks, of the sacred
battalion, who have been betrayed and sacrificed for the deliver-
ance of your country, receive from me the thanks of your peo-
ple. Monuments will soon render your names immortal. The
names of those friends who have remained faithful ever to me,
arc engraved on my heart in characters of fire. Their memory
shall be the only consolation of my soul. I abandon to the con-
tempt of men, the justice of PLOVIDUCE, and the malediction
of their countrymen, those perjured traitors, Kaminari Sabas,
Dukas, Constantinos, Basilius Barlas, Giorgius Manos, who
have deserted from the army, and who have been the first authors
of its dissolution ; the PhanarioteGregorius Sutto, the Phanariote
and rascal Nicolaus Skufo. I also erase from the list of my
companions in arms Ilasilius Karebies, on account of his indis-
cipline and improper conduct.
" ltimnick, June 20. "ALEXANDER Y PSI LA NTI."
French Five per Cents. Tuesday, 88 f. 30 c.

The Horse Guards has been this forenoon the head-
quarters of some oe.d rumours. Some hundreds of per-
sons have been loitering about it these several hours.
The Life Guards now on duty ought, it seems, to
have been relieved at eleven o'clock by the Blues, but
as late as one o'clock the latter had not made their
appearance. The story abroad is, that the Blues, on
account of the events of Tuesday, refuse to act with
the Life Guards. We attach no credit whatever to
the report.

Accounts from Samarang of the 9th February,
mention the arrival of an open boat, with Messrs.
SCOTT and Motto Ara, belonging to the English ship
Coromandel, Captain BULTER, bound to Malacca,
but which was abandoned by the crew in a sinking
state, on the coast of Borneo, on the 7th of Febru-
ary. Captain BVLTER, with the First Officer and
thirty-eight men, left the ship in the long-boat ; the
Ssctnd Officer, with twelve men, in another boat;
and the rest of the people in the third boat above
mentioned. Captain BULTER has happily arrived at
Kemanlie ; and the other boat, with the Officer and
twelve men, at Saurabaya.
HATMAREFT MCAT/Z.—Guy Mannering, was last night re-
,teated at this 'ileum:. Ilk. if possible, delighted us
more than ever, and was rapturously encored in the air of Oh,
rest (the Babe, aid in the duet with Miss Coast, of Ye Ranks
end Bras.— A fter the t Vera, Too late pr Biwa,. was performed,
:or the firs. time this season. The maulers were nearly Men
,n the s mine way a, %% hen it was performed at the old house last
s :a•or, far Faitt.m-'s benefit. Of Joints's I'eank roppleton it is
un ec I..ary to say anything. If ever there was a character in
..thi:h he is more at home than another it is this. MURRY took
la-ioN's part of Viewlas Twill, and almost made us forget his
pr:decessor in the cockney man of business. Mrs. 13.11C1A made
a v ry pretty Miss S.,mert,nt; this Lady improves, and will be a
valuable acquisition to the Stage.

favourable moment as has never yet occurred in the annals
of the history of Ireland, blessed as she now is, by the pre-
sence of our most Illustrious Monarch, in whose name we
are now assembled to administer justice to a happy people.
If we look back, we feel gratified to tefiect on the perils,
dangers, and discords that we have escaped from. In the words
of Sir John Davis, • the strings of the Irish harp (which the
Civil Magistrate fingereth) have been admirably well attuned to
insure the most perfect harmony to the commonweal, and to
participate in the blessings of the British Constitution, and the
glory of the British Empire.' You have scarcely a criminal case
to try. I hasten to conclude, and to set you at liberty on an occa-
sion when every heart in Dublin is full, and when every house
In Dublin is full, except the jail, and that is almost empty, and
will be completely so, in the course of our present Commission."
His Excellency the LORD LIEUTENANT now resides
at Dublin Castle.

FROM OUR PRIVATE CORRESPONDENT.
DUNLIN, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15.
The day of his MAJESTY'S public entry was in-
volved in such uncertainty, that it is not wonderful I
should yesterday have made, so far, an erroneous re-
port to you. Friday will certainly be the day. A
triumphal arch is erecting at the head of Sackville-
street, near the Rotunda, where the City Authorities
are to receive his MAJESTY. Even this fruitful sub-
ject does not admit of amusing variety in each day's
detail : I will, therefore, confine this letter to an ac-
count of his MAJESTY'S intended proceedings while
here, which you may rely on as being the arrange-
ment as it now stands. I will not, however, answer
for it that no change may take place.
On Friday, the public entry; un Saturday, a grand
review of the garrison,in the Park; Sunday the KING
goes to Christchurch Cathedral, or the Castle Chapel;
Monday, a public Levee and dinner; Tuesday, a
Drawing-room ; Wednesday, he goes to the Theatre;
Thursday, dines with the Corporation of the City;
Friday, visits the Public Institutions of the City; Sa-
turday and Sunday, quiet. Monday, his MAJESTY
dines with the University of Dublin; Tuesday, an In-
stallation of the Knights of St. Patrick ; Wednesday,
he visits the Curragh, where a magnificent Room has
been built, wherein he is to be entertained by the
Turf Club ; on Thursday, a grand ball at the Castle,
after which, if some great inducement to a longer
stay does not occur, his MAJESTY departs for Eng-
land. It is, however, hoped that our beloved and
popular Sovereign will be induced to remain longer
among the people and the hearts he has so entirely
won and made !is own. The Beef-steak Club, so
celebrated for its superior stile of vocal music and its
tasteful arrangements, are not without hopes of being
honoured with a visit. His MAJESTY, who is fond
of music, and possesses a fine taste, would experience
a rich treat.—This moment (half-past four o'clock)
the Gazelle has been stopt, perhaps with reference to Mr. BROUGHAM left Harwich immediately after
some alteration in the order of procession, &c. the body of her late MAJESTY was embarked, on his
OTHER PARTICULARS. way to Durham, to resume his professional duties,
which he had left to attend the funeral.
An Order from the LORD CHAMBERLAIN'S Office
The following is a copy of the Protest entered at
states, that it is not expected by his MAJESTY that Colchester by Dr. Lusutracrost and Mr. WYLDE:
persons shall appear in mourning on the day of his ~ We, her Masaare's Executors, solemnly protest against
tehtrisatvedioltaotiomneolahreir JlltsesSaTY'S
public entry into Dublin, nor on any of the days of tcomardannodts,drevnitoeidisltyn zunonut-
public ceremonies or festivities which may take place about to be committed, by taking off the plate placed upyon her
coffin by the Executors, against their will. (Signed)
during the period of his MAJESTY'S residence in 4. STEPHEN LUSHINCTON 1
[ WY Log Executors to her Majesty."lreland.
Ireland. " THOMAS
We understand that brilliant fire-works are in pre- t SHOCKING Mustnrck—Wednesday evening last, about a guar-
foerenpdastmuservdeLdo einoeuiacskngrounvkenk.7n w,
paration, to be let off from Nelson's Pillar on the well
-dressed
4ed
swfeomrtbale wdas.
night of his MAJESTY'S triumphal entry into Dublin fordshire, having her throat cut in two places, and being other-
wise much mat gled and bruised.
from the Phcenix Palk. ATMOSPHERIC PHENOMENON.—The wonder of the
Lady LOUTH was present at his MAJESTY'S land- citizens of the metropolis was this morning much
ing. Mr. CHARLES BUTLER, of the Medical Hall, excited by the unusual appearance which the sun pre-
was one of the Gentlemen who assisted his MAJESTY sented: it was of a bright azure colour. The atmo-
sphierehrs hazyi. in the upper region, and interspersed
to reach the Pier. The SOLICITOR.GENERAL, Mr,
tliet sfatcei no
fw
the
ee
sun, clouds,pro
dwuhciecdh ,a as they
Justice Mooaz, and Mr. LANAUZE, of College-green. flitted
singularly
beautiful
were among those who fought his MAJzszat's way to effect. After preserving this appearance for upwards
his carriage. of half an hour, the colour changed to a silvery white,
On the KING'S landing, on Sunday, the first per- and the altitude of the planet was to the eye so much
diminish.ed, that many of the gazers took it at first
nonage he recognised on the Pier, was the Earl of
for some r m mense balloon, , pondering i: Eway' through
KINGSTON—‘ Kingston, Kingston," said his MA- the aerial expanse.
JESTY, "I am heartily rejoiced to see you, you good- AFFAIR OF HONOUR.—Thursday se'nnigbt,a meet-
natured, black-whiskered fellow, in this friendly coup- ing took place at Castlelough, near Killarney, be-
try. How do you do ?" tweed Dr. MURPHY and Dr. BRENNAN,
_._ of that town.
Sunday, when his MAJESTY approached the turn. _ ITI
e former was attended by ROBERT HERBERT, Esq.
pike at Annesley-bridge, on his way from Howth to .and the latter by MYLES W. Swarm, Esq. .After
an exchange of shots, without injury to either party,
the Phcenix Park, a poor countryman who had been the seconds interfered, and effected a reconciliation.
permitted to take some rest in the turnpike-house, BOXING.
rushed forward, his coat hanging from one arm. As The whole of the 300 guineas a-side for the fight between
oßtotulalland
September. ilfartintzgreism2atdoe
fotzl on Tuesday,d for the 11th
the carriage passed, he would not delay to put it on,
but grasped his hat, and waved it with a loud huzza. SPARRING.
fine display of science at the Royal Tennis Court,
Before the carriage was out of sight, he inquired if
Windmill-street, was
illt a
tre yesterday, for the benefit of Tons Muer, a de-
the turnpike had been paid ? Being answered in the serving boxer, and it was well attended.
Jones,.:la n tythe Mtasteron anol theuSeetse
negative, he put his hand in his pocket, and insistedmonothrhees' satawiaeteatno duty,
and they
that he should pay the turnpike, for he knew, by his umshaTdeoernell merry set-to.
face, that the KING was a d—d honest fellow. Gracey and Catsey made a very good bout.
Curtis and Goldsmith bad a merry turn, but Curtis had rather
We understand that his MAJESTY may be expected the best of it.
Ben Buns and Briton displayed the science in every form and
to devote one day to witness a grand naval display
attitude, and they were much applauded.
iof a sham fight in the Bay of Dublin, between the Crowley and Turner. This was a manly bout, and drew
numerous ships of war, yachts, &c. now at Howth forth much applpse.
Spencer and Fisher milled away and gained much applause.
and Dunleary ; should this take place, his MAJESTY Oliver and Carter finished the performances in a manly set-to.
will probably land at Dunleary, and thus compensate BETTING ROOM, AUGUST 17.
SHIRTS GHLNEAS EACH STAKE AT YORE.
the Dunlearians for the loss of the grand pageant sto 2 agst Statesman 16 to 1 apt Sandbeck
originally intended. 5 tot apt Androssan
DONCASTER ST. LEGER.
After Thursday his Excellency the LORD LIEUTE- 21 to 1 apt Gustavus lt to 1 agst Sandbeek
WANT'S Court was to cease during the residence of our sto t agst Vingtun 15 to 1 apt Statesman
6to 1 agst Spiggot 20 to agst any other
Illustrious MONARCH, whose special officers will per- DUKE MICHAEL'S STAKE.
form the duties of their respective stations. 7to s agst Reginald I 4to 1 agst Ibla
The
On Monday there was a most splendid entertain- tended, particularly
at Paisley 't.oneSatiausr weekrdayindweeedremuonrecosommt uncommonly ywwa was l La: r-
ment, in compliment to the KING'S Birth-day. The remembered. The day was uncommonly fine, and crowds of
fsroanmdeverypa trryhaatsseetTybl
company consisted of the Chief Commissioners of pedestriansrtofwthenet fromr ed'llan„dhnelanrseys
Excise, the Collectors of several Counties, Surveyors- egastallurtraesydrksianat
twelve o'clock for the principal race, and two other
raclasteosrowhkicphlawceasinantheexcafeueternntoor
General, and the heads of the principal Excise Offices, contested. ve o'cloclkt,wthaes
&C. Mr. HAWTHORNE presided, and Mr. THERRY highly gratifying to observe the good humour that pervaded all
classes of the community.
acted as Vice-President. Lord DONOUGHMORE, Mr, BLANDFORD RACES, WEDNESDAY, Accuse 15. -
H. D. GRADY, and Mr. LESLIE FOSTER, were among The Dorsetshire Gold Cup of 100 gs. value, by Subscriber
th General Michel's e guests. No expression can convey the enthusiasmSh heoarenh .—F $
rs o uor miles.
old
d. . .
iroegesk
with which the KING'S health was received, nor can Mr. Radclyffe's Effie Deans, 6 yes old - - - -
we pay the Gentlemen assembled on that occasion a
Mr.
AFaTlVlltbd:nri°lll;aSteGof ,Csts'ZgedHeats, two miles and a half. '
higher compliment than to say that the feeling they Mr. Mapleden's black filly Corset, 4 yrs old 531 1:
there evinced was commensurate to the general feel- Mr. Sturt's bay colt, by Haphazard, 4 yrs old 1 9dr
Mr. King's b. c. Brother to Redrose, 3 yrs old 2 1 2 dr
ing of devotion and affection that pervades the pub- aiwasesr.
Fifty Pounds, for three and 4-yr-olds.—Heats, two miles.
Mr. King's bay colt Haldon, 4 yrs old - - - mile 1
lie bosom at the present auspicious moment.
Tuesday morning, the LORD MAYOR and She- Mr. stunt's bay colt, by Beverly, 4 yrs old - - 2 dr
riffs proceeded in State to open the Sessions at Green-
smbbaer'scoPltlar of OH4 eyartss,otldwo miles and thailf. 1
Mr. ;tußirte'
street. After the Jury had been sworn, Lord NOR- Mr. King's bayy colt Hyaldon, 4 Beverly,rs old - . 10 2 2
Mr. Gardiner's Chesnut mare Imogene, 4 yes old 2 dr
BURY addressed them in the following terms :
Mr. Farquharson's bay horse Garus, aged - 4 3 dr
" GiNectmett—l congratulate you that I have little to say,' The sport was =prior to any for many years ; but, on ac-
and that you have little to do, at this unexampled and auspici- count of the death of her Maesssr, there was no Ball during
ous period of happiness and peace. It is such an auspicious and the Races, and the Course was but thinly attended.
'''

FUNERAL OF HER LATE• MAJESTY.

HARWICH, FRIDAY MORNINC, TICK O'CLOCK.

The conductors of the Funeral have been on shore
this morning, and obtained from the tradesmen a
variety of necessaries for the voyage. Dispatches are
expected from the Home Office before the squadron
sails. Several persons have been admitted to take
a view of the State Cabin where the corpse lies in
state. A communication has taken place between
Mr. BAILEY and his MAJESTY'S Government respect-
ing the route which the Funeral Procession is to pass
between Stadt and Brunswick. The ships will not
sail till the answer is received. Sheeting for twenty
beds has been conveyed this morning on board the
vessels. The wind continues fair for sailing up the
German Ocean ; but it is expected that the signal for
sailing will not be made before a late hour this night.
FiunAT MORNIKC, TWELVI O'CLOCK.

The squadron remains in the harbour. Mr. BAI-
LEY and his assistants have been on shore, and have
transmitted dispatches to London. Several of the
ships have moved to windward. The river has been
covered with boats during the day. The squadron
will not sail till to-morrow (this) morning.

THE ARMY.

The New Barrack near Leeds is completed, and has bee
taken possession of by the detachments of the 15th Hussars b
fore quartered in that town.
The Warwickshire Militia are ordered to assemble at War-
wick on the 19th of September, fur xl days training.
Friday, July.97th, the Clacklnannanshire Yeomanry Cavalry,
at the termination of their annual period of training, were rc-
viewed at Alloa, by the Right Hyn. Lord ARERLRODRY, accom
panied by R. Ilsucc, Esij. M.P. of Kennet, who expressed th,
highest approbation and most unqualified praise at the soldiet-
like appearance of the corps, and the steadiness and alacrity
'hewn in the various evolutions which they made.
Saturday su'nnight the Peebles-shire Yeomanry, commanded
by Sir JAM a 4 Mom:ow:se, Bart. (after having been a week it
quarters at Peebles), were reviewed in a field belonging to Si'
JOHN HAY, Bart. by Sir THOS. BRADFORD, Commander of th.
Forces hi Scotland, attended by Sir JAM ES DOUGLAS, Quarter-
master-General. The General expressed the most favourable
opinion of the appearance and discipline of the corps, and took
particular notice of the zeal of the members, scarcely any being
absent—of the public spirit displayed by a county, so limited as
to population, furnishing two troops of Yeomanry—and of th
rapidity with which the memb..rs of the second troops had pre-
pared themselves to make a creditable appearance before a re-
viewing (ieneraL
The following is the Kew Seale of Prices of Commissions in
the Army :
CA CALM, INFANTRY.
Lieutenant-Colonel . . £G,173 Lieutenant-Colonel . . £4,500
Major
Captain
lieutenant . . . . 1,190 lieutenant . . .
Cornet
An extraordinary instance of gratitude and fidelity :—A pri-
vate soldier of the9lst Regiment, about fifteen years ago, finding
himself mortally wounded in an engagement with the enemy.
requested his comrade, who was standing near him, to convey
his all, which consisted of a few pounds and some other articles
in clothing, to a person who had formerly been his comrade in
the Argyleshire Militia, and to whom he considered himself un-
der strong obligations of gratitude. The disinterested soldier,
faithful to the instructions of his dying friend, only a few weeks
ago, while his Regiment was passing through Kilmarnock, had
the good fortune to fall in with the object of his search, to whom
he generously conveyed over every fraction of the bequest, and
which his most urgent necessities had never once suffered him to
encroach upon during the long period of fifteen years.

. • . .
I' . •
. t
favourable moment as hat( never yet occurred in the annals
THE EVENING STAR• HIS MAJESTY'S VISIT TO IRELAND. THE ARMY. 4
T— of the history of Ireland, blessed as she now is, by the pre- ---
------ •
- FROM OUR PRIVATE CORRESPONDENT. sence of our most lUustrious Monarch, in whose name we The New
.Barrack near Leeds is comPleted, and has bee
LONDON. DEMUR, WEDNESDAY, Aeousx 15. are now assembled to administer justice to a happy people.
• fore quartered in that town.
taken possession of by the detachments of the 15th Hussars b
.------. The day of his MAJESTY'S public entry was in- If we look back, we feel gratified to reflect on the perils, The Warwickshire Militia are ordered to assemble at War-
SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1841. volved in such uncertainty, that it is not wonderful I dangers, and discords that we haVe escaped from. In the words wick on the 19th of September, fur xl days training.
of Sir John Davis, s the 'trine of the Irish harp (which the Friday, July.27th, the Clackmannanshire Yeomanry Cavalry,
THE FUNDS. should yesterday have made, so far, an erroneous re- Civil at the termination of their annual period of training were re -
Magistrate fingereth) have been admirably well attuned to 1
paniviewedponied
byat Alloa,R. by the plight
PRICES OF STOCKS TillS DAT AT ONI O'CLOCK : port to you. Friday will certainly be the day. A insure the most perfect harmony to the commonweal, and tomuc-s, ~ .. y N.P.
ceosize, accote
i;sq. I.r. of Kennet, who expressed th.
$ per Cent. Reduced 7678 77 triumphal arch is erecting at the head of Sackville- participate in the blessings of the British Constitutions and the highest approbation and most unqualified praise at the soma,
to try. I hasten to conclude,
glory of the British Empire.' You have scarcely a criminal case like appearance of the corps, and the steadiness and alacrity
3 per Cent. Cons. 761/4 3A I-4 per Ct. 95% street, near the Rotunda, where the City Authorities 'hewn in the various evolutions which they made.
5 per Ct. Navy 10878 109 are to receive his MAJESTY. Even this fruitful sub- and to set you at liberty on an occa- Saturday se'nnight the Peebles-shire Yeomanry, commanded
sub-
'ion on when every heart in Dublin is full, and when every house by Sir JAM Ls Mom:we:an, Bart. (after having been a week h
Long Annuities 19% 11-16 ject does not admit of amusing variety in each day's
In Dublin is full, except the jail, and that is almost empty, and quarters at Peebles), were reviewed in a field belonging to afi
Old Annuities 761/2—New ditto 7.5Y8 detail : I will, therefore, confine this letter to an ac- •
will be completely so, in the course of our present Commission." J Sir
forces
HAY, Ban. by THOS. BRADFORD, Commander of th.
hi Scotland, attended by Sir JAMES DOUGLAS, Quarter-
Exchequer Bill.; 4s. 6s. pr. count of his MAJESTY'S intended proceedings while His Excellency the WIC LIEUTENANT now resides aster-General. The General expressed the most favourable
at Dublin Castle.
Cons. for Acct. 76% 3/8. here, which you may rely on as being the arrange- opinion of the appearance and discipline of the corps, and took
ment as it now stands. I will not, however, answer
FUNERAL OF HER LATE MAJESTY. atobsgpttlaotfieltrPlll:llbll4iclislfgirittwo
particular notice of the zeal of the members, scarcely any beim,
displayedtrw)ps
obila,eocomuanntyry, Loalnimdiotedf
th
The Paris Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday have for it that no change may take place.
arrived.—Accounts are stated to have been received On Friday, the public entry; un Saturday, a grand -- rapidity with which the memb..rs of the second troops had pre-
HARWICH, FRIDAY MonNINC, Tax O'CLOCK. pared themselves to make a creditable appearance before a re-
from Rio Janeiro, by a vessel arrived at Havre, of review of the garrison,in the Park; Sunday the Km The viewin. GeneraL
the New Scale of Prices of Commissions in
conductors of the Funeral have been on shore -
a Revolution having taken place in the Government goes to Christchurch Cathedral, or the Castle Chapel; this morning, and obtained from the tradesmen The following is
a the Army i
of the Brazils. The Hereditary Prince had been Monday, a public Levee and dinner; Tuesday, a CAVALRY. INEARTST.
variety of necessaries for the voyage. Dispatches are Lieutenant-Colonel . . seG,l75 Lieutenant-Colonel . . £4,500
deprived of the Presidency, but admitted into the Drawing-room ; Wednesday, he goes to the Theatre;
expected from the Home Office before the squadron Major
Council of Regency. One account says, however, that Thursday, dines with the Corporation of the City; sails. Several persons have been admitted to take
cuaptain
corpse . . . . 700
lies in Cornet
Letters from Vienna of the 3tl August say, " A turday and Sunday, quiet. Monday, his MAJESTY An extraordinary
. instance of gratitude and fidelity :—A pri-
state. A communication has taken place between
Courier Extraordinary arrived yesterday from St. dines with the University of Dublin; Tuesday, an In- trate soldier of the 91st Regiment, about fifteen yews ago, finding
Mr. BAILEY and his MAJESTY'S Government respect- himself mortally wounded In an engagement with the enemy.
Petersbu:gh, with dispatches for our Government. stallation of the Knights of St. Patrick ; Wednesday, requested his comrade, who was standing tear him, to convey
ing the route which the Funeral Procession is to pass . •
Ms all, which consisted of a few pounds and some other articlesy
lie had this morning a special consultation with he visits the Cnrragh, where a magnificent Room has
between Stadt and Brunswick. The ships will not In clothing, to a person who had formerly been his comrade in
Prince METTERNICH, from which it is believed that been built, wherein he is to be entertained by the the Arg leshire :Militia, and to whom he considered himself tie-
sail till the answer is received. Sheeting for twenty der strong obligations of gratitude. The disinterested soldier,
the dispatches received yesterday were of a very impor- Turf Club ; on Thursday, a grand ball at the Castle,
beds has been conveyed this morning on board the faithful to the instructions of his dying friend, only a few weeks
tint nature. The Swiss General, Count GoDowaseil, after which, if some great inducement to a longer
vessels. The wind continues fair fur sailing up the ago,
while his Regiment was passing through Kilmarnock, had
the goal fortune to fall in with the object of his search, to whom
who an ived from Petersburgh some days since, set stay does not occur, his MAJESTY departs for Eng-
German Ocean ; but it is expected that the signal for he generously conveyed over every fraction of the bequest, and
out on the Ist inst. for Paris. It is not precisely known land. It is, however, hoped that our beloved and
sailing will not be made before a late hour this night. which his most urgent necessities had never once suffered him to
encroach upon during the long period of fifteen years.
whether the journey of this General has any political popular Sovereign will be induced to remain longer
FRIDAY MORNING, TWEETS O'CLOCK.
Object* it appears that a strong sympathy has been ex- among the people and the hearts he has so entirely
The squadron remains in the harbour. Mr. BA!- NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
cited in Germany, particularly amongst the Students won and made bis own. The Beef-steak Club, so
LEY and his assistants have been on shore, and have
Saturday last, an order was received at the Dock-yard, Sheer-
and a part of the Literati, in favour of the Greeks.— celebrated for its superior stile of vocal music and its
transmitted dispatches to London. Several of the mess, to send the Commissioner's barge (a very large rowing
A Professor of this cast has been preaching for some tasteful arrangements, are not without hopes of being boat) round to Ilarwich. It was for the purpose of taking the
ships have moved to windward. The river has been
time a Crusade, for the purpose of delivering the honoured with a visit. His MAJESTY, who is fond remains of the late gentle off to the Gcesclow frigate. •
covered with boats during the day. The squadron FALMOUTH, Ave. 15.—Wind N. W.—Sailed the William and
will not sail till to-morrow (this) morning. Thomas, LAEX, for Waterford; and Arvonia, Esc's, for Li-
(;leeks from the Infidels ; and of course he has made of music, and possesses a fine taste, would experience
a suong iniptession upon the heated minds of the a rich treat.—This moment (half-past four o'clock) verpool.
German Students. It was proposed by him, that the Gazelle has been stops, perhaps with reference to
Mr. BROUGHAM left Harwich immediately after PLYMOUTH, Auc. 16.—Wind W,—Arrived the Perseverance,
JACKSON, from London for Madeira; and Broderick, PEART,
subscriptions should be raised to defray the expenses some alteration in the order of procession, &c. the body of her late MAJESTY was embarked, on his from Miramichi : the latter s the 24th July with the Har-
mony, ILtut.e Pomona, hailedOND; Stephens, Di
way to Durham, to resume his professional duties, XON and
oi the outfit, and to enable the young Crusaders to OTHER PARTICULARS.
which he had left to attend the funeral. Industry, ARMSTRONG ; and parted company next day.
embark at Trieste for Greece. It has been likewise An Order from the LORD CHAMBERLAIN'S Office . Poiersitouzu, Ausa. 17.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the John
The following is a copy of the Protest entered at transport, from London for Jamaica; and HOUND cutter, from
recammended that applications should be made to states, that it is not expected by his MAJESTY that Colchester by Dr. LUSHINGTON and Mr. WYLDE: a cruize. Sailed the Neath Castle, JARMAN, for London; Fox
the Governments of Hesse and Bavaria, to allow a persons shall appear in mourning on the day of his
..We, her MAJDITY'g Executors, solemnly protest against and Caroline transports, for Heligoland.
. public entry into Dun, nor on blin, any of the days of this violation of her Maarszv's commands previously comma- DEAL, AUGLST 17.—Wind S.W.—Arrived and sailed for the
pa sage through their territories. cleated to the Earl of lavearooz, and not'dissented to by him, River the Globe, COZENS, front Calcutta; Dorothy Foster, Sow.
YPSILANTI is said to have delivered to his troops public ceremonies or festivities which may take place about to be committed, by taking off the plate placed upon her ors, from Jamaica; Humber, JoHNsoN, from Jamaica for Hull;
coffin by the Executors, against their will. (Signed) William and Mary, Peso:, from Cork; and Blossom, WILLIAM
the f,alowing cutting and indignant address, in sue- during the period of his MAJESTY S residence in
" STEPHEN LUsa nice*); 1 , SON, front Rio Janeiro. Came down from the River and remain,
Executors to her Majesty.' the Beason, OWEN, for Trieste; and Amphitrite, ALLEN, for
tendering the hopes of his enterprise, and finally part- Ireland. " THOMAS WILDE
Cork and Jamaica.A
in o from those whose treachery and cowardice had ten- We understand that brilliant fire-works are in pre- &memo Muanea.—Wednesday evening last, about a guar-
i.yritseczori, co. 17.—Putback s . ajesty s ship MUM
s. ter past seven o'clock, an unknown well-dressed female was hi Al •'N
dered them u:eless to him, and fatal to their country : paration, to be let off from Nelson's Pillar on the found murdered in Blackgrove Wood, near Tiksworth, Bed- HARWICH, Auo. 17.—Arrived the Vansittart and Lord Nel-
" Soldiers! No ! I shall sully that botrourable and sacred name night of his MAJESTY'S triumphal entry into Dublin fordshire having her throat cut in two places, son,packets, with Mails from Cuxhaven.
and being other-
wise much'
mar gled and bruised. Custom- House, A %muss 17.—Ships Entered Inwards :—The
Non-
by. applying it to beings like you. Ye herd of dastardly and
from the Phcenix Park. , Zilver Aal, from Worcum ; Twee Gebroders, from ditto ; Non-
cruel men, your treachery, your perjury, force rate to abandon ATMOSPHERIC PHENOMENIDN.—The wonder of tne such, from Stangate Creek ; Nestor, from St. John's ; Norfolk,
Al Lady Leonia was present at his MAJESTY'S land- • •
citizens of the metropolis was this morning much from Quebec; Ann, from St. Petershurgh ; King, from Gotten-
piti. In future every tie is broken between us; but I shall
Mr. CHARLES BUTLER, of Hall
the Medical , excited by the unusual appearance which the sun pre-from St. Petershur h • Inclination, from B
burgh; Sarah,
;,hvays deeply feel the shame of having been your Chief. You ing• men; Hopewell, from Jamaica; Furst Blucher, from Rostock •
Susannah, from St. Petersburgh ; Thomas liounet, front Ja'
have trampled under foot your oaths; you have betrayed Gun was one of the Gentlemen who assisted his MAJESTY sented: it was of a bright azure colour. The atmo-
sphere was hazy in the upper region, and interspersed
and your country. You have betrayed me at a time when I to reach the Pier. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL, Mr, mica ; Marianna, from St. Thomas's ; and Beaufort, from Ja-
i h thin white clouds, which as they flitted across :mica —Entered Outwards: The for A
hoped to conquer or to die gloriously at your head. We are Lovely, msterdam
Justice Mooaz, and Mr. LANAUZE, of College-green. w t 'beautiful Lovely,•for 'si
the face of the sun, produced a singularly
Antwerp.—Cleared Outwards : The
new separated for ever. Go and join the Turks, who are alone
were among those who fought his Man-slat% way to effect. After preserving this appearance for upwards Abecons, for Elsineur ; Go-
wurthy of your friendship. Steal out of the woods where you . .
.vernor Harcourt, for Demerara; Electra, for Philadelphia • and
Hopewell, for St. John's.
of half an hour, the colour changed to a silvery white, ,
have concealed yourselves—descend from the mountains which nis carriage.
per- and the altitude of the planet was to the eye so much
have chosen as the retreat of your cowardice. hasten to On the KING'S landing, on Sunday, the first GREENLAND FISHERY.
yso of diminished, that many of the gazers took it at first
1 Turks • kiss those hands which still reek with the blood soilage he recognised on the Pier, was the Earl Winne Aueuer 15.—Arrived off this port the Everthorpe
loin t le• „ for some i m mense balloon, / pondering i:s way' through Aso, from Greenland for Hull, with 11 fish, and 180 tuns of oil.'
of the beads of 'Your Church, your Patriarchs, your Arch-priests, KINGSTON—" Kingston, Kingston, said his MA- the aerial expanse. LIMERICK, Atiorar 4.—Passed by the Perseverance, from
and your innecent brethren whom they have so inhumanly
JESTY, " I am heartily rejoiced to see you, you good-Greenland, with 10 fish, and 155 tun:. She brings the following
AFFAIR OF HONOUR.—Thursday se'nnigbt,a meet-
butchered ! Yes ; run to purchase slavery with the price of account of the fishery ships :—July 10. Abraham, 3 fish, 45 tuns
natured, black-whiskered fellow, in this friendly coup- ing took place at Castlelough, near Killarney, be- Cicero, 7 fish, 85 tuna ; Dordon, 4 fish, GO tuns ; Eber, 5 fish,
Mood—with the sacrifice of the honour of your wives and
your •
children ! But you, images of the true Greeks, a the sacred try. How do you do ?" tweed Dr. MURPHY and Dr. BRENNAN_.,_ of that town. so tuns.—Jul 14, Cyrus, 7 fish, 80 '
July tuns; Lverthorpe, 11 fish,
who have been betrayed and sacrificed for the deliver- Sunday, when his MAJES TY approached the turn- The former was attended by ROBERT HERBERT, Esq. 190 tuns; Exmouth, 1 fish; Gardener and Joseph, 7 fish, 80
battalion, tuns • Harmony, 3 hsh, 50 tuns ; Jane, 1 fish, 18 tuna; Laurel
ante of your country, receive from me the thanks of your peo- pike at Annesley-bridge, on his way from Howth to ,and the latter by MYLES W. Swarm, Esq. .After 7 fish, 80 tuns ; Manchester, 3 fish ; Mary and Elizabeth, 1 fish,
;
pie. Monuments will soon render your names immortal. The the Phoenix Park, a poor countryman who had been an exchange of shots, without injury to either party, Mercury, 13 fish, 160 tuns; Neptune, 5 fish, 80 tuns; Rachel
the seconds interfered, and effected a reconciliation. and Ann, 4 fish, 30 tuns; Shannon, 2 fish, 50 tuns; Trafaltar,
names of those friends who have remained faithful ever to me,
permitted to take some rest in the turnpike-house, BOXING. 7 fish, 75 tuns; Unity, 5 fish, 40 tuns ; Truelove, 3 fi,h, 50 tuns ;
are engraved on my heart in characters of fire. Their memory Walkin, 2 fish, 35 tuns; and William Torr, 5 fish, 50 tuns • all
rushed forward, his coat hanging from one arm. As The whole of the 300 guineas a-side for the fight between
shall be the only consolation of my soul. I abandon to the con- of Ilull.—July 14,;Experiment, 2 fish ; Ewcretta, fish 65 ' , tuns ;
Randall and Martin were made good on Tuesday, for the 11th
of men, the justice of PROVIDENCE, and the malediction the carriage passed, he would not delay to put it on, Industry, 6 fish, 90 tuns ;and Vigilant, 14 fish,
of September. Betting is 2tol on Randall.
tempt London.—July 4, Aimwell, of Whitby, 4 fish, 70 tuns.—July
of their countrymen, those perjured traitors, Kaminari Sabas, but grasped his hat, and waved it with a loud huzza. SPARRING. 10, Lively, of Berwick, 7 fish, 71 tons.—July 10, Alert, 18 fish,
Dukas, Constantino', Ba.silius Barlas, Giorgius Manos, who Before the carriage was out of sight, he inquired if There. was a fine display of science at the Royal Tennis Court, 170 tuns; and Eclipse, 10 fish, 115 tuns.— .I uly 15, Baffin, 7 fish,
have deserted front the army, and who have been the first authors Windmill-street, yesterday, for the benefit of Tons Oliver, a de- 85 tuns, all of Peterhead.
the turnpike had been 'd ? Being answered in the serving andwellattended. paid boxer, it was
of its dissolution ; the PhanarioteGregorius Sotto, the Phanariote
negative, he put his hand in his pocket, and insisted Tom Jones, the Master of the Ceremonies, awake to duty, land, with il fish, 450 butts: she left the ice e6th July, and
and rascal Nicolaus Skufo. I also erase front the list of my
ushered Jemmy Lemnos and Latham on the stage, and they brings nearly the same accounts as those previously received.
Basilius Karebies, on account of his India- that he should pay the turnpike, for he knew, by his made a merry set-to.
companions in arms LOSS OF THE ARINUS MAKINGS, DUTCH EAST
cipline and improper conduct. face, that the KING was a d—d honest fellow. Gracey and Gat my made a very good bout. INDIANIAN.
Curtis and Golds»tith bad a merry turn, but Curtis had rather .
" iiimnick, June 20. " A LEX A N DER Y PSI L A NTI." We understand that his MAJESTY may be expected the best of it.
EXTRACT OE A LETTER FROM 7lf E AGENT Ti) LLOYD'S AT ROTTERDAM,
DATED AUGUST 11.
French Five per Cents. Tuesday, 38 f. 30 c. to devote one day to witness a grand naval display displayed the science in
Ben Buns and Britonevery form and
..From a declaration of the four men saved from the wreck
attitude, and they were much applauded.
---- of the Arinus Manaus, it appears that they sailed from Batavia
of a sham fight in the Bay of Dublin, between the crowtee and Turner. This was a manly bout, and drew
The Horse Guards has been this forenoon the head-forth much applause. roads on the MI • • •
.5 of Januari, of this present year; that owing
numerous ships of war, yachts, &c. now at Howth
quarters of some odd rumours. Some hundreds of per- Spencer and r milled away and gained much applause. Sunda the 2dof
on. February
.; and that on that day the ship got
- and Dunleary ; should this take place, his MAJESTY Oliver and Carter finished the performances in a manly set-to.
sons have been loitering about it these several hours.
will on ground in 17 or 18 feet of water, soft ground. After having
probably land at Dunleary, and thus compensate BETTING ROOM, AUGUST 17. been aground for two hours, she floated, and continued tight;
SHIRTS GKINEAS EACH STAKE AT YORE. on the 4th they aochored otf the Is:and of Cracatorns' and on the
The Life Guards 110 W on duty ought, it seems, to
the Dunlearians for the loss of the grand pageant sto 2 agst Statesman 16 to I apt Sandbeck sth proceeded again on the voyage. On the 7th they had squally
have been relieved at eleven o'clock by the Blues, but .
originall y intended . sto asst Androssan weather and strong breezes, rusinipg before the wind under
as late as one o'clock the latter hard not made their
After Thursday his
Excellency the LORD LIEUTE- DONCASTER ST. LEGER. double-reefed topsails :the wind inert a,.ing to a gale, they handed
main-
appearance. The story ,
abroad is, that the Blues, on el to 1 apt Gustavus
KANT'S Court was to cease during the residence of our Bto 1 agst Vingtun 11 to 1 agst Sandbeek
15 to 1 apt Statesman the fore-topsail and mizen-topsail, and close reefed the
topsail. They scudded under the close reefed main-topsail, fore-
account of the events of Tuesday, refuse to act with Bto 1 agst Spiggot 20 to 1 apt any other sail, and storm-sail, till between 9 and 10 o'clock in the even-
Illustrious MONARCH, whose special officers will per-
M DUKE MICHAEL'S STAKE. ing, when it blew so violent as to blow the sails from the calt-
the Life Guards. We attach no credit whatever to
form the duties of their respective stations. 7 toe apt Reginald I4to 1 agst Ibla ropes, the sea running tremendously high. About 11 o'clock
On Monday there was a most splendid entertain- The Races at Paisley last week were uncommonly well at- they shipped a very heavy sea, which hove the long-boat and
the report.
_ tended, particularly on Saturday, indeed more so than was ever yawl out of the chocks, and forced them to leeward, together
liment to the KING'S Birth-day. The
Accounts from Samarang of the 9th February, ment, in comp y. remembered. The day was uncommonly fine, and crowds of with a case containing an alligator, the Alio at that time lying
e all ranks from every part of the country assembled, and many on her beans ends, with the leeward shrouds about six feet under
mention the arrival of an open boat, with Messrs. company consisted of the Chief Commissioners of equestrians and pedestrians went front that city. Five horses water ; the main-topmast went over the side, and the ship not
SCOTT and Moaatts, belonging to the English ship Excise, the Collectors of several Counties, Surveyors- started at twelve o'clock for the principal race, and two other rising, they cut away the masts about a man's length above the
Coromandel, Captain BULTER, bound to Malacca,
General, and the heads of the principal Excise Offices races took place in the afternoon at three and five o'clock, the deck, but to no purpose, she remaining in the same situation.
but which was abandoned by the crew in a sinking / last of which was an excellent race and well contested. It was Of consequence, a great deal of water forced its way to the
&c. Mr. HAWTHORNE presided, and MT. THEORY highly gratifying to observe the good humour that pervaded all hold, when all the'
soldiers, and such of 'the crew as could be
state, on the coast of Borneo, on the 7th of Febru- 1%/1.• classes of the community. spared from the deck, were ordered to attend the pumps ; but
I wry. Captain BULTER, with the First Officer and acted as Vice-President. Lord DONOUGHMORE,
BLANDFORI) RACES, WEDNESDAY, Amuse 15. this measure proved in vain also ; and about midnight the ship
thirty-eight men, left the ship in the long-boat ; the H. D. GRADY, and Mr. LESLIE FOSTER, were among The Dorsetsbire Gold Cup of 100 gs. value, by Subscribers of went down suddenly, head foremost."
Sec3nd Officer, with twelve men, in another boat ; the guests. No expression can convey the enthusiasm
logs. each.—Four miles.
General Michers Shreekhorn, $ yrs old - - . . I —
and the rest of the people in the third boat above • Monday last, a great portion of the labourers o:
with which the KING'S health was received, nor can Dir. Radclyffe's Effie Deans, 6 yrs old
mentioned. Captain BULTER has happily arrived at'l3
the parish of Bassinboui n, Cambridge4iire, assemble .
aged
Kemanlie ; and the other boat, with the Officer and we pay the Gentlemen assembled on that occasion a Mr. Farquharson's Garus,
A Maiden Plate of £so.—Hents, two miles and a half. together in a riotous and tumultuous manner, with
twelve men, at Saurabaya. higher compliment than to say that the feeling they Mr. Mapleden's black filly Corset, 4 yrs old 531 1: a view of driving the Irishmen whom the farmers
H THSATRE.—Guy Mannerin» was last night re- there evinced was commensurate to the general feel- Mr. Sturt's bay colt, by Haphazard, 4 yrs old 19 dr employed to reap their wheat, out of the pat i h
aeated at this Theatre. 'kin c.,..w, if pOssible, delighted us ing Mr. King's b. c. Brother to Redrose, 3 yrs old 2 1 2 dr many of whom were beaten, and others ran off
more than ever, and %VAS rapturously encored in the air of Oh, of devotion and affection that pervades the pub- aneasoay.
rest (the Babe, mai iii the duet with Miss Coast, of Ye Banks sic bosom at the present auspicious moment. Fifty Pounds, for three and 4-yr-olds.—Heats, two miles. through dread of further ill usage. The f. r nets, with
1 sind Bra's.—.l fur time t Vera, 7'oo lase far Biwa,. was performed, _
:or the firs. time this season. The maulers were nearly filled I uesday morning, the LORD MAYOR and She- Mr. King's bay colt Haldon, 4 yrs old - - - 1 1 the constables, at last succeeded in attesting some
Mr. Stun's bay colt, by Beverly, 4 yrs old - - 2 dr of the ringleade a, i.n .1 d s,iersing the remainder ;
Member's Plate of £so—Heats, two miles and a half.
,n the s ene way tt• S% ti,n it was performed at the old house last riffs proceeded in State to open the Sessions at Green- The and on the foll • d' `..// W Doctor w
owing ay a . k l , W. a, W.
a :a•ui , fir Yeasty's benefit. Of Joints's ren ropeleton it is Mr. Sturt's bay colt, by Beverly, 4 yrs old - 3 0 1 1
uit ee Lary to say anythutg. • If ever there was a character in street. After the Jury ..
abi:h lie is more at home than another it is this. MURRY took
1.1-ma part of 2:ictiolas Twill, and almost made us forget his BURY addressed them had been sworn, Lord NOR•
in the following terms :
" fearaaszair—l coagratnlate you that I have little to say, Mr. King's bay colt Haldon, 4 yrs old - - 1 0 2 2
Mr. Gardiner's Chesnut mare Imogene, 4 yrs old 2 dr
horse Garus, aged - 4 3 dr
Mr. Farquharson 's bay sosaid outrage, but on J. Debt'''. wr •
Pearmain, T. Clefts, T. B.lott, and . , e ... com-
mitted to the County Jail to take their trials for the
the following day were released
The sport was superior to any for many years; but, on ae-
._ (.._ .—.. i.. .1......-knev mall of business. Mrs. BASS& made on bail. Two others were admitted to bail, and two
._ ~...._ •_ a_ at. this onevamoled and ausPiel- count of the death of her Bleasstr, there was no Ball during
escaped from the constables.

The
arrived
from 1
a Rev(
of the
depriv
Count
the Pi
Let
Couri.
Peter:
Ile h.
Princt
Ole cF.,
tint n
who
out 01
whal
objeci
cited
and g
A Pr
time
lit eel
Stl
Gun
of tl
ettibt
recni
the
pa .s;
the 1
tend
"
dere
tt
by a
true
;3%1'3
have
and
hope
now
wurt
have
y nt
join
of a
and
butt
you'
chip
batt
and
ple.
nan
are
sha
ten
of
Du
hay
of i
ant
cot
cip
ts
cp
sc
h.
a.
a
tl
ti
