CHESHIRE WHIG CLUB.

The Anniversary of the Cheshire Whig Dinner. %i .04
held at the Royal Hotel on Friday last. Between fifty and sixty
gentlemen sat down to dinner. The Chair was filled by G. T ,r,,,
Esq. supported on the right by Earl Grosvenor, and on the 1: t by
R. Leicester, Esq. G. W. Wood, El. of Manchester, acted as Vice-
Ouirman. Among the members present, were the Rev. E. Stan
ley, the Rev. Wm. Shepherd, F. Conliffe, Esq. Mr. Curtingbanie
the Barrister, and though last not least, Old Ityley, the author 0:
the Itinerant, who, near 80 years of age, appeared to be in th:.
"vigour of youth," and to be highly interested by the eario.,s
speeches which were delivered. In the course of the afternoon a
preparatory meeting was held, at which it was resolved to dis-
continue :or the future any stated meetings or dinners of the Club,
and a colncnittee was appointed, empowered to call It togethe.
again whenever its meeting was deemed desirable or necessary
The dinner was placed on the table about sic o'clock, and re-
flected great credit on the taste of Mr. Tonslinson ; the wines aid
fruits being of the most delicious kind.

After the cloth had been drawn, and Non 'obis Tonne sung by
the professional gentlemen in attendance,
The CILIIIMAN gave "The King."—" God save the K:ng."
" The Royal Family, and may they never forget the
which placed the House of Brunswick on the Throne."

e,itntiil form of Liberty—a full, fair, and tree representa-
tion of the people in the Commons House 0; Parliament..
`6 The memory• of Charles James Fox."

" The strong bold of liberty—a Free Press."
Earl Geosverroa rose to propose the health of their worthy Chair-
man, and in doing so prefaced the toast with along speech, in which
he glanced at must of the subjects now of political import, and
of general interest. Events were now occurring in the coutitty of sit
ultra a description, that he neither could nor would be silent. It was
under the circumstances to which he alluded necessary that the
print. plea which the club was formed to support, and which wet,
contenied fur by :heir ancestors at the revolution, should be
fearlessly assert e.. In his optician, principles, and not names
ought in these days to he their autde ; t. r statesmen, huwevei
glorious or consts.ent ore p_rr tit their public lives might be,
were given to chlto,t, whit: principle remained the s.me The
Noble Earl then tort. a cut sory vies- of the state of Ire end,
and the false Mien:hers is loch 11.-1 hero attempted to be
drawn acainit the Cal,tift: Relief Dill. 'runt the existence of
recent dt,torit,titeo. It was absurd to suppose that the im-
mediate cOect pastoig that abet woula be a new state of
affairs, in a country o halt tor years had beets win by
sion• The yiisicipal this g now required for Ireland was tne
establishment sit Pi,or Laws. lie did tot mein by this th• in-
troduction of one syste n, but an intptosed and amended cow,
suited to the eitcumatatices, and teneing to anwhorate ths moor.
tonere and destitute condition 01 the peasantry of heist:J. The
next subject of general interest, need which be (Lord Gros-
venor) berieved wou:a engage the attention of the G.i.srn-
ment and the le,;islature, was the 411011111 U of slavery i i our
West India colonies. It the country would *only lowa' istintsters,
he was sure Ley were in earliest upon this subject. It became the
whole to :ii)VJI/4 as with our viice thr.ough their represetitatiec:. A •
it respected Parliamentary Reform, he (Lord li ) was friendly tai
the transfer of the tranchise front (Learn] boroughs co large towns;
and if AlAticliester and other towns could not be reptesented by
this mmle, he was ef opinion that a distinct act should he passed,
conferring this right upon them—( Much cheering). Tile Nohle
Earl then went on to express his conviction that it was the
intention of Ministers to exercise economy in the management tit
our resources• The Duke of Wellington, although be heel be. It
3111.01littAt Warden of the Citigae Ports, was not to receive the
salary; neither was the Receiver-General ; and it was turtbermore
genetaily understood, that the office of Justice General in Irelacd,
when next vacant, was to be finally abolished. As it respected affait
hi the East, he was under nu apprehension of danger front the Ries
Esti, although by this time no doubt peace had been signed within
sight of Constantinople. If they attempted to take possession of
Turkey, the very extension of their power would occasion them t..
fall to pieces. The Noble Lord concluded by saying, that lie
tit night that within the last few years things had taken a great turn
in favour of this country ; and he hoped Ministers would seize the
present opening on fixing our prosperity upon a permanent basis.
The Octane* expressed himself bi4hly gratified by the
manner in whisk hi health had been drunk. For a number
of years, when attending the meetings of the Club, he had
been accustomed to join in the expression of public re-
gret on the state of public affairs. It su happened, however,
that it was now his good fortune to have a subject for congra-
tulation in the granting tit Catholic emancipation. (Cheers.)
They now lived in times when there were nut the same patty
distinctions as formerly ; fur in his opinion there was little dif-
ference between a Whig and a moderate Tory. There was,
however, another party which bad recently arisen in the cut i•..
who had before lived in a covered way, but had never
been properly discerned until modern times—he meant the
ultra Tories. They might, indeed, be more aptly termed ul-
tra Constitutionalists; tor they were violent either one way
or the other. They had, however, one peculiar charactet.stic,
which was, that they entertained the most profound venera-
tion for the oisdom of their ancestors to the disparagement of
their own.—(Laughter.) They were of a description of men
who opposed wheels and waggons because they interfered with
sledges and pack-horses, and disapproved of canals for the car-
riage of merchandize, because it interfered with the old-t•shioned
mode tit carriage on roads—( Laughter). They were men, who, in
p..wer . advocated the divine right of Kings, and now they are out of
power declare, that if the King, with the consent of his Council.
grants civil rights to 6,000,000 of Ms subjects, Englishmen will be
dissolved front their allegiance. Formerly, if you mentioned the
abuses of the Church, these Church and King men said you were
Radicals, and now they are abusing the Clergy as the moat worth-
less creatures on the face of the earth. Alr. Toilet then re-
viewed the measures of Mr. Canning's Administration, am!
dwelt at considerable length on the credit due to the Duke of
Wellington for the repeals of the 'feat and Corporation, and
the Catholic disabilities. In conclusion, Ise hoped that now
the attention of the Ministry was in a degree diverted from
the all-absorbing questiou, they would turn their attention to find
some new market for our goods. Our powers of production were
much greater than our means of consumption, and it was extremely
desirable that India and China should be Unarm open to out mer-
chants —(Cheer,.)
" The Whig Club of Cheshire, and by steadfastness and unani
mity may it continue to promote the cause of rational liberty.''
" The cause of Civil and Itedgious Liberty all over the world."
" The health of Lord Grosvenor."
His Lordship returned thanks, and gave " The health of the
Vice President."

111 r. WOOD said he felt highly honoured by being placed ri
the distinguished situation be then occupied. He could not,
however, deny his:nett the graufkation of expressing his sa-
tisfaction at that act of legislative wisdom ar.d justice vihicii
characterised the last Sesston of Parliament.--a measure which
hail given the force of law to the opinion that all interference
with a man's religious opinions was an i.ct of oppression. The lion.
Gentleman then went un to eulogise the Protestant Dissenters for
the part they took in obtaining the Catholic Relief Bill, and thin,
at considerable length. controverted the opinion that free trade was
inimical to the commercial lowest' of this country. He neat re-
ferred to Mr. Peel's conduct on the East Retford Bill, and con-
cluded by expressing his hope that the proposed measure of Lord
.1. Russel, for granting the elective franchise to the large town•,
would meet with that encouragement in Parliament which its im-
portance deserved.

" May the Librrties of Greece revive the glories of ancient
Greece."

" Mr. Foster Cuerl.ffe, the President elect."
Mr. Cusium returned th.nts.

" U.lph Leicester. Esq. M.P. and the Whigs of Cheshire."
Mr. Lawasres ruse 4inidit loud cheering, and delivered a long
and eloquent speech. He stigmatized the Orangemen as the on.
ginsturs id the recent broils in Ireland, and warmly eulogized the
Duke of Wellington. The baud of Ptuvidence was distinctly
•taible in every part of the late measures, which were intended by
him to knit all hearts together in one cu 11111 l un band of interest and
common right.

The ICv. Nlr. Shepherd. and the Whip of livetpool.'•
%lr. S returned chants in a huniornes speech.
Various ocher to..sts were drunk, and the Chair was ultimately
vacated by about eleven o'clock, at which bow the whole com-
pany departed.

By the Manchester accounts, this morning, it appear.,
that the trade in Dewebary, Harkmandwick, Hudders-
field, and Halifax, is still in a very low state; but nue
branch of the fancy trade has much improved, owing to
the invention of a machine called a Witch, which beauti-
fies the cloth with various flowers.

Extract of a commercial letter from Naples, dated the
20th ult.—" The crop of olives continuo' to present
nearly the same appearance as when we last wrote. In
the province of Lecce it will be abundant, but middling in
other parts. In Sicily it has suffered severely."
Letters from Berlin of the 10th 'September state, that
although the official articles of the Treaty between Rus-
sia and the Porte are not published, Mill they are nearly
ascertained. They consist of sixteen Articles, of whin
the second, third, and tenth, are the most important!

I

l
