roe perm. If the was I.R?a suing fee SOL debts Were Ilmitad
o w waw
to
exceed twenty nings.
" titers few words from the Earl of & fill sow, thewas read a
090 d time, and ordered to be committed tomorrow (this day„)..
aconnto woos mt..
Lord COGERICH said, that he was disposed ee suggest to their
;pastor the pi opriety of their going Into Committee cm the Raided
itof, bet for the
forwardsircuMassteelaocadnotber gavel dhenhadwhich wai t
ht by a Noble , and wh
birsug ' Lordsbi s down at sem, inconvesienee. the dill-
"r„„ ,„ine ditbelrperhaps be obviated if those Nettie Lords who intended
"htwoeid postpone their obseerations until the
▪ spy opposition.w the
hit*go of the Bd. If that were agreed to, be woo move
opw for the committal of the Corn Bill.
sJ id of HALM/MD(IRP would agree to that, Provided,
OD I wGergnotEltrCbefl reported that
ft might
tthatdaT.ht be taken hats farther
stketiriN BoOTO
Lar4 ILL UOR begged to ask whether It eras aloe
*sag Lord's intention to go ism Committee ea the Customs
111 that 00
Lied GUDKRICH said it was, provided the &scuds. on the
pkilleatit Marriage Bill was not too long protracted.
/ifteralfew words from the Rai of Painseatia and Lord Maw
Ladk BLLENBOROUGH moved the ender of tbe day fee the
Committee as the Core BILL
Heir Lordships then went into Committee, when •
Lord GODKRICH moved the imesetion of a claw, " tint
Wn erhoold be published In the Geareets, au acconat of the quaadtr
,„( cora is Bead ea the tit July ; sad that, afterwards there Audi
be monthly retutssalto published of the quantities which might be
pullout.
Lord ItLLENBOROUGH said, that as, under the provisions of
the Bill, the dory might vary every week, it would be necessary to
have weekly amounts.
Dag OddERICH said, that, although he had not shaped the
deem is list way. the Treasury could direct the accounts to be so
mode outer the Omura House, and he would take care that it
Auld be door.
Tie Bill wasthee teported with the Aniendinent, and ordered
*be re-committed to morrow.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a Petition from the City of
Drat, agalast the Burning of Widows 1* India.
Trate DIaSENTIMS. MARRIAOI DILL.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN, in moving that the
House should go into a Committee on the Diskmters
Marriage Ball, wished to avail himself of that oppor-
tunity to make some observations on the Bill. Before
he entered upon these observations, he must remark
upon the irregular ,discussion which had just gone by,
not for the purpose of adding anything to what had,
been already said upon that subject, but as an Mosul'.
tion of the inconvenience of catering upon the discussion
of subjects of which notice had not been previously given.
He adverted to this inconvenience, as it had deprived
him of the advantage of the support of the Right Rev.
Prelate at the head of the Bench of Bishops. who had
attended that evening for the express purpose of sup-
porting the Dissentere Marriage Bill, but who was
prevented from remaining in the House by the
state of his h olds. Their Lordships, who had re•
membered the sentiments of that Right Reverend Pre-
late (the Archbishop of Canterbury) on a former occa-
sion, must bear testimony to the spirit of toleration,
which he hoped would. always characterize the Clergy
of the Established Church. and by which he was parti-
cularly anxious to see the Heads of chit Church chstinii
gentled. He was instructed by that Right Reverend
Palate, on his leaving the House, to say, that his seri-
atim:a remained unaltered upon this subject. Bills
restaintng provision for the relief of the Dissenters, had
ken two or three times sent up to that House from
the House of Commons, and rejected by their Lord.
ships; but be was happy to say that a very general
feeling prevailed amongst many of those who bad for.
lastly opposed those Bills to give some relief to the
ssenters; and he believed he might even say that
the Right Reverend Prelates had expressed an anxiety,
soadopt rinse measure by which the Dissenters might
he freed from the necessity of giving utterance, as a
unit matter of loran, to sentiments which they enter.
wined lint at heart and, at the same time, to avoid
that scandal to the Church which resulted from having
*creed and its ceremonies prostituted in the calling
upon Dissenters, for temporary purposes, to give a fake
and feigned assent to doctrines which they declared
they d d not believe. That was the situation of the
Church, and the evil from which the Right Reverend
Prelate and other Members of the Ecclesiastical Body
wined to be relieved; and, he confessed, it was beyond
biopower to conceive, how those persons who attached
importance to the due and strict observaime of all the
terms and doctrines of the Church, could wish to con-
tine a state of things under which those ceremonies
were used for the purpose of extorting a consent, in-
leaded to evade, and not to 10161, the purposes of the
LegWature. Under the strong impression of the scandal
which the law, as it stood at present, brought upon the
atureh, lie could not but express a hope, that their
Lordships would du something to meet the diffia:ulties
which presented themselves with respect to those laws.
--Different modes of meeting these difficulties had
been suggested at different times. A Noble Earl,
lately at the head of his Majesty's Governnseot (Lord
Liverpool), and who, he was authorised in saying,
kit deeply the inconvenience which resulted from
the nate of the laws aff.cting the Dissenters, had
expressed an opinion t'sat the difficulty might be best
net by allowing some alteration to be made in the Ser.
vice of the Church of England, but the Right Rev.
Prelates thought otherwise upon that subject, and no
attempt was made to carry that suggestion into elects.
hot. D fferent plans had been submitted to their
Lordships and rejected. The Bill which he had now
to bring under their consideration attempted to re-
concile as far as possible the jarring opinions which
prevailed, and proposed to meet the objections which
bad been made at various Clues to the m astnes which
came under their Lordships' attention. Its object was
to unite two nbjeets--that of making the ceremony
of marriage a civil security, combined with the strongest
attentios to those religious ceremonies by which it
was sanctioned. In this country, up to the times
of the 26th of George the Second, these objects had
been very imperfectly provided for; but an innova-
tion upon the existing law, commonly called Lord
Hardwicke's Act, then received the sanction of the Le-
g sla tur e. At the time when Lord Hardwicke intro-
duced that measure to their Lordships, it became neces.
airy, however, to exempt two classes of religious be-
lievers from its operation—the Jews and the Quakers;
but
he apprehended that no man could rise up in that
and contend that ihi, exemption was intended /0
ix any slur upon the marriage of those persons, or to
drelate that they were not perfectly legal. Some insi-
lfOations had, he knew, been thrown out from an ouch°.
1 itY of peat importance, that the marriage of those
nokratondultious people, the Quakers—a people re-
naarkabie for the purity of their lives and the extent of
htheir -- •
, sow worts, could not be legally recognized ; but
e aPineh:nded that there could be no doubt upon the
subject; and sonic of the greatest and most leainesP
_l4."Yett of the country had distinctly declared thefts
i:Pgiallir.on_Trat the marriage of Quakers was perfectly
Mathew Hale had distinctly given his sane-
Mar fo the legality of tfle marriage of Quaker:. Burnet,
a

o alloJing to she eitentnstabet, gives this ectoint 6f
she conduct and expressions of that eminent person on
the occasion s—" In a trill that was before hin4 when it
Quaker was sued for some debts owing by his wife be-
fore he married het; and the Clinker's Counsel pretend-
ed that it was no Marriage that had passed between
them, since it was not solemnised according to the rules
of the Church of England ; Sir Mathew Hale declared
that he was not wilting, on his own opinion, to make
their children bastards, and gave directions to the Jury
to find it special, which they die After some observa-
tions upon the nature of the case, and the conduct of the
parties, the Learned Historian goes on to observe, " that
if this Judge had not been more their friend than one of
those they so called, their posterity had been little behold-
ing to them. But he governed himself indeed by the law
of the Gospel, of doing to others what he would have
others do to him ; and, therefore, because he would have
thought it a hardship, not without a cruelty, if, amongst
Papists, all marriages were nulled which had not been
made with all the ceremonies in the Roman Ritual ; so
he, applyt ig this to the case of the Sectaries, thought
all marriages made according to the several persuasions
of them ought to have their effects in law."—(Hear.)
The Noble Marquis, after some observations upon the
legality of the marriage of the Quakers being thus
clearly proved, proceeded to contend that he was en-
tided to claim the same right for the Unitarians, and
expressed a hope that the time was now come when
persons of that Persuasion should no longer be invited
to approach the Altar with falsehood. in their mouths,
or be compelled to subscribe to principles which they
could not respect, and at the same time bring into
contempt that faith a hich others hold sacred, for tl:e
gratification of mere secular and civil purposes. • Ad-
ve.ting to the clauses of the Bill, the Noble Mar-
quis declared that he did not hold himself respon-
sible for their perfection; but he knew that those who
framed them had the assistance of some of those, whose
experience and information best qualified them for the
task. In the first place, the Banns were to be pub-
lished for the security of the public, and then the
parties are to go before a Magistrate and procure a
Certificate, that they have complied with certain forms
specified in the Act; that Certificate is then-to be car-
ried to the Clergyman for the purpose of being regis-
tered. Some objections, he understood, were made to
the imposition of this duty upon the Clergyman ; but
he, for one, thought it was one of those inconveniences
which could not be avoided. The Registry Act had
been passed in the time of William the Third, as a
tax, for the purpose of raising money to carry on the
war which was then waged against Louis the Four-
teenth, but so beneficial had it since been found,
and so important was it, in every point of view, for the
interests of the public, that if the Bill now before the
House did not contain a Clause to make the Registry
imperative, he could not possibly consent to give it his
support. The registration of one of the most impor-
tant acts of our lives was, in every point of view, pub-
lic or private. of such infinite importance, that he
thought the Bill must prove altogether inefficient, un-
less the Clergyman was called upon to register the cer-
tificate. The Noble Marquis concluded by imploring
their Lordships to relieve the Church of England from',
the effect of a state of things which was calculated, not
to attract. btu to repel all converts to its doctrines.
The Earl of ELDON said, he was sorry the Right
Rev. Archbishop of Canterbury was not present, that be
might express to him his regret at being obliged to differ
from him on any point, but more especially on such a
point as the pre-ent ; for there were few points in which it
was of more importance to come to a right decision. It
appeared to him, that matter somewhat extraneous to
I the question had been introduced; the marriages of the
Jews, for example, which had no mustier of connection

with the present subject of debate, as regarded their
Lordships. Those of the Quakers had also been al-
luded to, and more justifiably, as they were connected
with that House, and he should take this, the first op-
portunity that had been afforded him of explaining
his opinion upon the marriages •of that sect, as• rt
had been misunderstood and misrepresented. He
had been stated to have thrown out doubts as to
the validity of the marriage of arakers. His language
must have been exceedingly obscure for it so to have
been misunderstood, for he thought it in justice due to
that sect to d. dare, that he had no doubt whatever of the
validity of their marriages—( Hear, hear). He thought
himself the more bound to make this declaration, as a
case had occurred in the Court of Chancery, in which
doubts (which he thought totally without foundation)
had, in the course of the suit, been raised, as to the va-
lidity of such a marriage ; but, in the result, those doubts

ace found to be groundless, and the validity of the
marriage was acknowledged. The Act which had been
alluded to by the Noble Marquis (Lansdown), was, he
believed, that of the 7th and Bth William and Mary.
and it contained a clause which enacted that persons
living together. as the Jews and Quakers did, should,
for the purposes of taxation, be held to be legally mar-
ried, whether they were so or not. He, therefore, should
not only say that he had no doubt of the validity of the
marriage of Jews and Quakers, but that it would be no
more than an act of justice towards them, as married
persons, to allow them all the benefits of the laws, which
they have not hitherto had—that was, sights, over and
above what were now granted, ought to be conceded to
them. If a Bill passed their Lordships House, for the
benefit of Dissenters, it ought to do mote than the pre-
sent Bill proposed to achieve for the class of Dissenters
whom it seemed principally to regard ; and in that
more he should not object to include the Jews and
Quaker.. A case had occurred some years back in the
Court of Chancery, which would illustrate the state of
the law as it regarded the Jews. A man claimed a
legacy, as being the husband of the woman to whom
it had been left, and the question to be decided was,
whether the parties were married? The Lord Chan-
cellor sent the case to be tried before the Ecclesiastical
Coutt, at which the prevent Lord Stowell, and another
of the Jud Bes, expressed their surprise, as they,
in their decisions, were to be regulated by the Eccle-
siastical laws, and as the Lord Chancellor was as
competent as themselves to decide upon the question
of the marriage of a Jew, which they held wa. the
same as that of a person out of the country not being
governed in this case by the les kei—as, by a maxim of
nw, which involved a contradiction in words, but
which could not be otherwise expressed, a Jew any
where was held to be no where—(a laugh)—anJ, con.
sequently, bad no place in this country; n fact, a Jess
a as held—it he might so express himself—to be out of
the world. The marriages of Jews were held, then.
s to be valid; but the Legislature never thought of
requiring the assistance of the Church of England at
their marriages. With respect to the marriage of
Quakers, there could, he thought, be no doubt of
~their legality, from the exception made in their fa•

lector by the Act of the 20th George U. and strLich acid,
that Qualms were to be colieitiseld as legally mar.
vied, though mot monied actordiag to the enactments of
chit Act. He would now come to the question more
immediately before their L rdships. He would first ask.'
in whim stage it was of the public business, that they
wire called upon to decide this grew question ?—)Hear,
hear). He would take upon himself to say, having
glee.' the greatest attention to the form of the Bill—
having looked to iteevery :totem and every line—that
it was impossible to pass it without a great many alter-
ations; and how c uld such alteratinno on this impor-
tant subject. be properly effected at this period of the
Session? The Bill would have to go through a Corn.
mittee that Right; and, labouring as he had done to
make it better, he would refrain from the task, because
the time would not be sufficient to accomplish the work
as it ought to be done. Supposing, however, the alter-
ations he considered necessary in the Bill to be made,
it would then have to go down to the House of Com-
ms on Friday; and that H ruse, without having before
heard a word of his amendment, and without having any
rime allowed to reflect on their propriety, would have
to decide upon adopting or rejecting them that very
night, as he believed there could be no doubt no after
opportunity would occur. Ought, then, such a Bill as the
present to be passed in this manner ? It was said, that
if the marriages of Quakers and Jews were allowed, so
ought those of these Dissenters. But, as he before stated,
the Ministers of the Church of England were newel call-
ed upon to assist at these m 'Diet s. This degradation
was not carried so far as that even duri og the trial of
the Commonwealth ; when it was merely required logo
before a Justice of-the Peace, and the Clergy were not
called upon, as now was required, to register the
marriage. If they meant to do for these Dissenters
what had been d one for the Quakers, so it be done,
but let it nos be more. He must be allowed to say,
looking at the Bill, with reference to this subject, that
there was a great deal of delicacy manifested, with re-
spect to what it did, and what it did not to I them. It was
said that these Dissenters have scruples respecting the doc-
trine of the Trinity, as being Unitarians. Now there • as
no explanation, and he should tike to have it, of what these
scruples were,nor what was meant bythsitartans. He, last
year, asked the latter question of a Hight Rev. Pre,
late now absent, and of another, who new occupied the
Archbishop's Bench, and received no - answers but
shortly afterwards, a sermon, preached at a Unitarian
Chapel, was put into his hands, and the first sentence
wa5...." The Lord Chancellor aski what is meant by a
Unitarian r The sermnn,which,to do the preacher justice,
was a very able one, then went on to state what the
writer conceived a Unitarian to be; but what be (Lord
Eldon) wished, was to see what a Unitarian was upon
the lace of the Bill. He should be glad to heir any of
the Learned Pi elates, who might support the Bill, argue,
that the scruples of a man, who denied the divinity of
out Loam andSAensua,were entitled to respecr.--( Hear).
iHe did not know the difference between a Unitarian
and a Freethinking Christian, who, he believed, en-
tertained these scruples abut the marriage ceremony
if the Church of England just as strongly as the Uni
Varian. What might be the difference between the two
Is could not imagine; but he would now shew the
House what a Freethinking Christian thought of their
Christian Lordships. This opinion of the Freethinking
Christian he should read from a petition, now on their
Lordships' table. from that sect. The petitioners stated,
that they are required by law to conform to the Esta-
blished Church; and they instance marriage as being
one of the ceremonies they cannot conscientiously con.
cur with, and declare, " that the Church of England, in
its religious worship, which they are thus called upon
to sanction, they know only as a Church teaching, for
doctrines, the commandments of men—as a Courch
professing a religion as by law established—as a
Church composed of the remnants of Poper and
,baving no higher authority than Acts of Parlia.
meat." The petitioners then proceeded to deny the
jurisdiction of the Ministers of the Church in the mat-
tors of baptism, marriage, etc. and called the Church
of England a 4, political religion," a "corrupt spiritual
power." These were objectionable phrases, but he could
assure the House they were not the most objectionable
which could be found in the Petition. These persons
denied the Divinity of our Samoa, and he supposed
Unitarians did the same; but be should be glad to hear
any Right Rev. Prelate that intended to support the
Bill explain what was meant by a Unitarian. He would
now examine what was the ground en which those per-
sons complained of the marriage ceremony of theChurcb
of England. Their children were baptised in the name
of the FATHER, SON. and HOLT Gmorr, which they did
not object to. A husband in mart ying was called upon
to unite himself to the woman Li the name of theFaeuaa,
Son, and HOLT GHOST, which were objected to,although
in the baptism they were allowed. But the special,
complaint of these persons seemed to be of the words of
the blessing after the parties were made man and wife,
which was given also in the name of the FATHER, SON,
and Hotor tiuose. These then were the Dissenters for
whose benefit they were to pass this law, when, accord-
ing to all history, they had always been considered
as the most offensive Dissenters from the Cnurch.—
They were under particular restrictions till the Act
of the 53d of the King, which explained the Tolera-
tion A.o, and took away the Act of the 7th and Bth
of William and Mary, which ho acknowledged con-
tained punishments which ought not to bare bees
thought of or endured for a single moment. But now
they were called upon to grant to this class of Dissen-
ters what they had refused to others. In nothing that
he said did he mean to treat the Noble Marquis who last
spoke, and who, he hoped, would allow him to call him
his Noble Friend, with any disrespect, nor did he think
he ever had done so; and if the average of his conduct
be taken, either for six weeks or a year, he did not think
a wind which would imply anything of the kind could
be brought against him—(A laugh). By the present
B 11, a Clergyman was called upon to publish the banns
upon the decl oation of two individuals that they were
Unita, ians, without having further proof of their b.ing
so than their own declaration. The Clergyman has
afterwards to certify to a Justice of the Peace, that be
has published these banns, and the Ju.tice is to appoi.l
some time or place to receive it. In the time of the
Commonwealth an evil prevailed, which had reached
the present times, but which he was very ins:rument,l
iii putting down, as his Noble and Learned Fliend now
on the Woolsack (might he occupy that seat as long as
Ire I ved) wou d fiod. It had, in the times he alluded to
grown a corn iron practice to hare Gentlemen put in corn
mission by a cold seal, as it was called, which appa-
rently constituted them as good Justices of the Peace a,
any Unitarian could desire ; but that was now corrected,
and there was no danger of an apparent, instead of a real,
Justice of the Peace, being applied to under this Bill
should it pass into a law. 'here were several general

clines iss the Bill which required examination and
emeectioa, that relative to the publication of the
banns, for example. After ttiey had been published,
they were to be certifie.l to a J.l.tic- • f the Peace,
and th-n registered, which was certainly a ttoublesonse
process to go through, when they coat tered that the
Unitarian Lady and amtlemsn might he nne twelve,
and the other fourteen, years only. Ag• eat number of
Ministers of the Established Church could not but feel
theesselvev degraded by bei 'I; thus made t'e mere
registrars and clerks to the Justices of the Peace.--
The Lay Magistrate also would he dishononted by his
part in the transaction. It might happen that the
Clergyman who published the ha ins might he, at the
same time, the Justice of the Peace who r ill have ro go
through with the ceremony. Was it me .nt to be main-
tained that a Unita' i in, after the banns were puSlidied,
shouldbe essab ed to say to the Clergyman—" I cl,l not
choose to be marred by-you, as a Clergyman, in the
name of the Fssusa, Sow. and HoLv GH ,sr; but you
are a Justice, and in that cap ic•ty I call upo t you to
finish the ceremony." This he conside ed to be one
objection which, at this pei iod-of the Session, it would
be impossible to discuss as it ought t • he discussed. But
there were other important amendments to he made.
There was a clause introducing cerium provisions slthe
Act of Gen. 11. but no means pointed nut how they were
to be carried into effect, nor the manner in which the lits

cences or the regulations of the canon law to be carried
into, ffect alluded to. There was nothing either to prevent
the alterations or falsifications of the regi ter'. And
with respect to clandestine marriages, would not the
present Bill afford foamy facilities for such? The case
was very different with Unitarian and Quaker mar riages.
in the latter the ceremony was gone through i the pre-
seine of all the friends of both parties, whilst in Vie case
of the Unitarian, the banns were pr, cl.i ned ,n a con-
gregation, of which he never formed A part; and ',acing
been certified to the Justice, all means of pr venting a
elandestine marriage were at an end, ant the men might,
at the risk of • penalty of 201. only, which miAht be
reduced to 51. put the attestation in his pocket. And de-
clare the marriage null. He objected to this ail, then,
as giving the Unitarians rights which were 'tot eojoyed
by others ; but he had no objection to glue them on the
same footing with the Quakers. And it was remarkable
that the Act of Toleration would not except the Qua-
kers, unless they declared theirChri stiantt y. by professing
their belief in the Tri ity, Father, Son, and Hitly Ghost ;
and they were now about to extend greater p• ivileges
than those enjoyed by the Quakers, to persons who did
not hold that essential doctrine of the Christian faiths—.
He objected to the Bill being passed this Session, upost
the ground that neither House of Parliament would
have time to give it a fair consideration, and upon that
ground it was that he moved that it be read this day
three months. He did not know whether he should
be supported or not in his opinion by his Learned and
Noble Friend on the woolsack, but tome seemed to be
an inclination to that which he considered to be incon-
sistent with law and justice, he meant the making'. per-
son's declaration evidence of fact which it was impossible
he should know t• be true. Registers of marriage were
new received in evidence, because the clergyman signed
them, and knew them to be true; at:d it •as the same
with baptism. But it in addition to the time of bap.
dam, the date of the birth of the child were given, it
would not be received as evidence, because the clergy.
man knew nothing of its truth. Now, by the presetit
Bill, a ckrgyaran was required to register sod put his
signature to that of which he had no means of knowing
the truth, unless at the same time he happened to be the
justice of the peace before whom the rest of the ceremony
was performed. If the failure of the measure was to
be made a matter of blame, that blame ought to be
thrown on those who neglected to filing it xward at
an earlier period of the Session, and on no o hers. As
the questions of Reform, the Repeal of the Test and
Corporation Acts, the Corn 8,11, and o her ny-asures,
were to be postponed till next Sessi.in, theie was nu
reason why this Bill also might not be war, housed and
bonded like the rest—till next Session. When that time
would arrive, whether he should see the present Minis-
try its place, or another coming out of b rid, lie would
contribute his exertions to make the measure as perfect
as possible; but should move at present that the Bill be
committed this day three months.
Lord CALTHORPE, amid cti:s of cinestion, de-
clared his intention to support the Bill; not only be.
cause he considered it a grievance that Unitarians should
be requited to express an acquiescence in doctrines of
the Church a England, which doctrines they did not hold, but
because he looked on such compulsion as replete with injury to the
demur of the Established lteligioo itself. As to the objection
Made to this Bill on the ground that it was founded on a partial re-
taliate fpr the Unitariaus, before the other D.sienting Sects, their
Lenlegr should remember that this preference witainstified by
dal greet difference existing between the Unitarians and the other
varieties of Protestant Dissenters; for the Unitarians, in denying
the Divinity not only of the &caul Person of the Trinity, but, of
the Third, differed not less from the other Sects of Protestant Dis-
senters than they did from the' Church of Rog a .d. Was it little
Less than a blasphemous degradation of the S recce of the lista-
Wished Religion, to call on Dissenters to assist in it by a declaration
of their belief of Doctrines which they did not really entertain ?
—The object of the present Bill was sim;ly to tepeal the
Act of Parliament which sanctioned that pituanatkin of the
solemnities of our Church Service. As to the postponement of the
Bill till next Session, as proposed by the Noble and Leainesl Lord
(Eldon), he must declare, that if their Lordships should post-
poise their admission of the principle of the Bat, they would, in
effect, be postponing. and bending their own duty and dignity.—
Bat it was said that the Unitarians wire &thin; privileges which
were act given to the Jews and Quakers—true, they did; but their
Lordships should remember, at the same time, that uetthee Jews
nor Quakers were required by law to have their marriages per.
formed by Church of England Clergymen, as the Utotarians were.
It was but justice, then, to relieve Unitarians nom a gnewanest
which the law did not impose on the Jews or Quaker-. lie was
as ready as the Noble and Learned lord tit take every reasonable
step in support of the doctrines of the Established Church; but
was it consistent with those doctrines. or with that deep rsvereune

- -
with which its Members ought to receive the belief of the !nutty
—the most vital principle of their religion—to comp. I another
sect to declare its belief in that doctrine of the Tim ty, which
belief that sect did not entenain? Nu; it was the out', of
that House, as the constituted guardian of the Church of Rag-
land, not to allow its solemn ceremonies to be any longer pro.
famed by such compulsive acquieseensir in her mysteries, of per.
sons who believed her doctrines to be founded on human
authority, and her Ecclesiastical Institutions to he but a scheme
of human ingenuity and human ambition. The Nut& and
Learned Lord bad objected, that evils might arise from passing this
Hill Inds present imperfect condition; but he (Lord C.) was
couviaced that the imperfections of the Bill would not bring
so much injury to the public as the postponement of it would
cause to the Established Church by the continuance of that pro-
fanation of its sacred ceremonies. The 'seesaw Bill ought to be
raised into a law in this Session, and its defects, it any it had,
might be amended in the course of the ensuing use. lie quits
agreed with the Noble and Learned Lord in his din.pprobatioa
of the religious errors of the sect of Meitarian Dt.senters. He
felt himseif, however, bound to say, that, as indiv.duals and pri-
vate members of society, their motel conduct wouto not suffer
in comparison with that of many whose eel:polls cr. ad was
much purer.
Lord FARNBOROUGH said, he was ready t grant
as much relief to the Unitarians as uas consistent with
the illtefCgl of the Established Religion ; but their Lordships should
proceed I. this measure with caution, as it was, he believed, the Arst

ii

II .1.1
l'
iii
I r
1 N'
).
1 ..
i
'1 i 1
I '
1 . '
ri lki
I 1 ,
i j
. 1
‘1
I 1.
.:4 I
; i,
,
.
i ' :
L
I:1
I ~:
1 , !
i ii 1'

. • ,
1 . .
i y
1 t
',.1 ii.
, .
. I
0
il r
1
•
. ,
1
t
lig
t
t,
1
i,
.t
, i
-,
t . ,
11
1:4
..1i ..:
-
•1'
t i
, 1 '

attempt made In that House to divest marriage of.the soletnnlties
of religion. The relief which be was inclined to give to the Unita-
dans would be to allow them to he mauled by Clergymen of their
own persuasion ; to the present Bill, however, he hod that Objec-
tion, which must be made to all Mils on important sotejecta Intro-
duced in the last week of the Session,that it could not at this period
be hurried Into a law without containieg inevitably fitany defects
and difficulties, which might produce en injurious effect its the le-
gality of those marriages, and on the leildmaity of the births that
might occur between the present enactmeotof the fare and its future
amendment treat Session.
•
. The LORD CHANCELLOR..—My' Lords) I rise to
address your Lordships with much reluctance, and ut a
great disadvantage, after the most able and effecti..e
speech of my Noble and Learned Friend, who lately
presided over lour Lordihips debates; but I fect*My,,
self called on to remind N•ible Lords, that the o`rjec-
tions so :slily urged by my Noble and Learned Friend are
not intended to disapprove of the principle. of the Bi.l,
but to oppose some of its details, and via; the present
stage of the Bill, namely, the motion for Sending it to
a Committee, was understood to be the occasion on
which that discussion of its principle was to take place,
which, in correct practice, might have occurred on the
second reading. If the result of this discussion of the
principle should t•rminate in your Lordships agreeing
to the commitment of the Bill, the n at duty of your
Lordshids will be, to take the several details into your
consideration, and, if it Be practicable at this period of
the Session, to amend the defective clauses. For my past,
approving, as I do, the principle of the measure, I am de-
cidedly of opinion, that the Bill ought to be now com-
mitted ;but I assure your Lordships that if I could be con-
v ;aced th at, by the passingof this Bill,a degradation would
be inflicted on the Clergy of the Church of England, or
a blow struck at her doctrines. I should be the last man
support such a measure. Bat when I see the prin-
ciple of the Bill approved by a Rev. Prelate, not less
dsstinguished for his eminent virtues than for his high
Ecclesiastical dignity--when I see also, not only its
principle approved, but some of its details prepared by
another Right Rev. Prelate, pre-eminent for his piety,
his erudition, and general talent—can I, for a moment,
believe that a measure, countenanced by such high
authorities, can be either dangerous to the interests of
the Church. or degrading to its ceremonial solemnities?
(Hear). From such groundless apprehensions, allow
Inc to turn your Lordships' attentipn to a brief account
of the Law of - Marriage. It clearly appears from the
hisio y of civil law, that religious ceremonies were not
necessary to constitute the marriage contract in any
country t.f Europe before the Acts of the Council of
Trent ; and even after that period, marriage was
held a civil contract in those countries where the decrees
of the Council of Trent were not acknowledged. In this
counts- y , a mong others, the matrimonial enga_;ement was
considered perfect without the superadditrol of any re-
ligious solemnity before the passing of the Marriage Act.
This proposition I hold, not merely on my own cmvictioo, but on
the high authority of one of the ablest and most learned characters
that ever graced tne seat of Judgment—l mean Chief Justice Holt,
who decided that a matrimonial engagement, consisting of wake
prase:ash, was a valid and binding contract—a decision, in which he
was supported, after due and solemn deliberation, by the anus.
Moos opinion of the whole Court of King's Bench; to the same
giber, I have the authority of a Noble and Learned Lord, lately at
darbead of the Ecclesiastical Court ; himself. a light aid ornament
at this House • as eminent for the solidity of Isis judgment, and his
extensive knowledge of civil law. as he is for the classical purity of
his taste. and his familiarity with elegant literature; that Noble
and Learned Lard also, when acting in his high office of Judge
at the Iteeledascieal tut, set forth those principles in the cele-
brated case of " Dalrymple r. Dalrymple," adapted them as his
own, and sanctioned them by his decision—in the case, I think
it was, of Lord Fitamorria, in which a commission of review was
sued out. of a marriage contracted under the forgo called verbs
Js presentia the review was refused, and the marriage declared
valid. This was what was termed by Blackstone an innova-
tion of the Marriage Law of the country. I am sore if that
Noble and Learned Lord consi tered the present Bill calculated
to bring danger to the influence, or disgrace to the solemnities
of the Established Church, he would have come forward to meet
it with the most decided and prompt opposition; and I may
be allowed to take his absence. on this occasion, as a proof that
he entertains no such apprehensions—that he expects no such
consequeneee from its enactment. As to the sect of Quakers,
the Marriage Laws affecting them remain to this day in the
same state as that in which they were before the passing of the
Marriage Act ; and the reason for which they were excepted from
its provisions had a teference to their cutheience, arose from the
idea that they could not conscientieualy take any part in the env.
moults in the Church of England—a fact that constituted an addi-
tional insolent against the profanation of the ceremonials of reli-
gion by the compelled declaration of belief in doctrines which
those declaring such acquiescence are known not to entertain--
(Dear. hear)—or in the more eloquent expressions, " onkel.
lowed equivocations," the abolition of which the Right Rev. Pre-
late has declared to be his motive for supporting the present liill;
but t may be here asked, why, then, were the Unitarians ex-
cluded from the exceptive provisions of the Marriage Act? My
answer is this, because the religion of the Unitarians was. at the
passing of that Act, held to be (whether rightly or wrongly, I will
not now say) illegal—a§ a proof of Ads, in the reigns of William
and May, the Unitarians were excepted irons the benefits of
the Toleration Act; stay, more, nine years after that, that cactus.'
sins was followed up by the enactment of penalties against than ;
this hostility to the Unitarians then clearly accounts fug thair exclu-
sion from the exceptions to the Marriage Act. le the course of
time, however, the opposition to them considerably diminished ; and
in the lfkh Geo. 111. an Act„tvas passed to relieve them from seve-
ral of their civil disabilities, and this was followed by a subsequent
Act. which went to repeal the repiainder of their political ark.-
assets. What then Sr. we to do.tw—to consummate the with, I
say, and to give back to thew-elbow benefit' from which they were
excluded by the provisions of the Marriage Act. But some argu-
ments h ce been raised against the Unitarians boa hem and else-
where, on the ground, that the objectoas which they make are of no
weight ; for instance, to the baptismal ceremony. Now, the Unita-
rians, I tuosider a sect of Christians, believing in the New Testament,
and differing from certain doctrines of Christianity on reasons de-
rived from other parts of the New Testament—they do not ob-
ject to that part of the Baptismal ceremony, in which are intro-
duced the words in the name of the Farm's, the Sun, and the
Noir GHOST—nor have they any objection to the use of the words
in the marriage service. They only object to one word, but that
word involves the e.sence of their faith—Goo the SON—they do
not believe in the Divinity of the SAVIOUR or the HOLY SPIRIT—
this is the Inundation of their belief. Now then, can they be re-
quired to declare with truth, that they believe In a doctrine.
which, as Unitarians, they cannot believe ?—but It has been said,
in a spirit of distinction, on subtile for my comprehension, that
they are not called on to declare their belief in the doctrines of
the Church of England—they are only required to indicate their
acquiescence in them by their presence—if they refused to observe
this form. they are subjected to temporal disabilities—if they at-
tend, and indicate by their presence an acquiescence in doctrines
which they de not really hold, Is not that, as the Right Reve-
rend Prelate has eloquently described it, a most unhallowed
equivocation and mockery? It is clear then, my Lord., that the
Legislature must do something for the removal of this grievance
and this profanation. A Bill passed the Commons last year. but
was lost in your Lordships House; another has been brought up
this year in an amended form. The other House of Parliament
has twice sanctioned the principle of the present BBL No oh-
j. ctiou has ben made to the principle of the Bill by your Lordships.
'fir,: objections urged by the Noble and Leaned Lied apply
partly or partially to :he principle, but mainly to its clauses—but
these objections he has interwoven so dextetoudy, that it would be
a task of no little difficulty to separate, and glassily them under their
distinct heads. As to the objections to the ohjtetionable claimer,
your Lordships will be best able to discuss them, and meet the ob.
'tenons to them in detail in the Committee, to which, I hop-, your
Lordships will send the Bill by your vote of this evening. As to
the principle of relief, I support it on the law of maul .ge as It stood
before the 'Marti .ge Ac:, and on the exceptive provisions of the
Marriage Act in favour of other Sects, on both which consideration.
I bold the Unitarians to be entitled to relief front a;I those
disabilities imposed out them by the Marriage Act. and the par-
tial repeal of which has placed them in a new situation in re-
ference to the enjoyment of political privileges. One weird nn
tus details—as to the obj..ctioo said to be esitertalustl to the

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1827.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

It was expected that the adoption of the censorship, by the
French Government, would have considerably lowered the French
Renter ; but by an Express received this morning from Paris, with
the Emile of yesterday, we find the following prices: Five per
Cents. 102 f. 20c. Three per Cents. 70f. 95c. which is about i per
Cent. worse.

Consuls for the Account opened ibis morning at 1161, soon after
they were sellers at the Above price, witk little doing; and at pre-
sent they may be quoted at 861 to 4.
In the Foreign market they are adjusting their Amami' for
tainorrow, it being settling day.
Current prices: Old Spanish 114, Ste:lean 703;,. Odembian
30, Portuguese 7$ 76.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

The Consol starlet remains steady at 86 fir the Account,
alternately buyers and sellers, with very little business doing at
present. Money continues plentiful, and first-rate Bills, to a large
amount, at nine months, at tk per Cent. Mr. ROTINCIIILD has
sent to the Stock Exchange, stating that he will lend money on
Danish Stock at 3 per Cent.

PRICK OF SI'OCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 205} India Stock Shut
5 per Cent. Red. 831 k Ditto Bonds 119
3 per Cent. Cons. Shut. South Sea Stock 115}
3} per Cent. 92 Old Annuities
31 per Cent. Red. 911 92 91} .21000 Eicheq. Bills 5S 56
4 per Cent. New Shut. .8500 Ditto 55 57
14 per Cent. Strip Alm and 41200 Ditto 55 57
4 per Cent. 182t$, 601 f Advertised
I Long Ann. 19 11-16 13.16 Consols for Acet. 86} k
FOREIGN FUNDS TWO O'CLOCK.

Brazilian 1351a.5 p Ct. 60 Gr.Bds.i 845,5 p Ct. 16 153
Do Aect.6o3 Ditto Acet. 16J
Buenos Ayres Bat. 6 p C. 61* Mel. I t0n.1.,5 per Ct.
Do. Acc. 61i Do. 11d5.t845,6 p Ct.7oi
,wootbi Rood.. 6 p Ct. Do. Acct. 70i
Ditto lila, 1844.30 Peruvian Bonds 6 p C. Hi 24
)antois 14.4.3 p Ct. Spam Ws 5p Ct. 11
Do. Acct. 64 Lo. Acst. 111
13111TISII AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
sn•lte. PAID.
Colombian 100 20
Potosi La Paz & Feruv. Assn. 15 5
United General Gas 50 40

10 i
£1 U.
71:11

The Proceedings in the Lords last night were of an
interesting character. The Marquis of Lemnos aaaaa spoke at some
length upon the expenditure of the Forelgo Department, in which
he attempted to establish a charge of great prodigality agsinst Mr.
Cassino, whilst he held the Seals of that office. He did not confine
himself, however, entirely to his subject, as he indulged in occasional
remarks upon the character of the present Administration, which,
lie said, could not riss:hly stand. Lordship regretted that some
of the moaoits, by %sush the strength of the Ministry In that House

engld be ascertained, bad beenabonslindsind yet, with an anriabl,
incoodstency,declined following up nen remarks with soy specific
motion. His Lordship, we are sorry to say, rimed' radio sore
on the subject of bis own pension, and particularly on the pencil
marks In the handwriting cf the good lavaaroot. on the margin of
his letter. The reply of Lord punter and W•ILD deserves to
be read with attention ; and we think Lord Loprooonnaav
must have regretted having provoked it, when be heard the
Noble Secretary compare the stuns, which he (the Noble Mar-
quis) had drawn from the public purse with dame derived from the
same source by the present Chancellor of the Exchequer. It ap
pears from this statement, that the former, in the ten years that the
country had the honour of engaging the benefit of his diplomatic
services, received in return 4:160,000 of the public money, or in
other words Xt 6,000 a year; whilst slr. Castanur, for his public
services, though they extend over a period of between 50 and 40
years, has nut received much more than a third of that sum I
The Dissenters Marriage Bill was afterwards discussed and an
amendment, moved by the Earl of Etoos, was negatived by a
majority of seven-54 Peers voting for it, and 61 against it.

The long rumoured intention of the French Govern.
ment to reestablish the Censorship, and thus suspend
the play of the Constitution as effectually, as if the Con-
stitution itself had died a natural or violent death, is at
list carried into effect, as will be seen from our extracts
from the Etoile of yesterday, which .reached us this
morning by express. Most aptly has the charter been
called a regal one, for the Kura can, at his pleasure,
crush its vital principle, which is the Liberty of the Press;
but he cannot stop the growth of thought and of public
spirit, which always thrive best under the frown of
power. It is also an undeniable truth, that the love of
liberty has spread amongst our neighbours, in propor-
tion to the efforts of their rulers to diffuse amongst
them slavish principles. We therefore see no cause
of alarm, as far as the French nation is concerned,
in the adoption of this most odious measure; but it is
not so with its present improvident Government, which
to gratify its insensate love of arbitrary rule, does not
hesitate to place itself in deadly collision with all that
the French people hold in the highest veneration. As
a proof too of the real sentiments of the nation, it will
be seen that the Marquis de LAFATITTE (a name of all
others the most hateful at the Court of the Thuilleries)
has been chosen Deputy for Meaux. It would be un-
necessary then to state, that 110 means, justifiable or
unjustifiable, were neglected by the Ministry in order
to defeat his return. This signal triumph over Minis-
terial intrigue and court feeling, speaks volumes as to
the spirit by which the country at large is animated.
The degrading influence of the Censorship is already
most pelceptible in the vapid style, subdued tone, and
political sterility of the Etoik ; and if it be a good
Ispecimen of the future amusement and instruction to
be derived from the perusal of that and other French
Papers, we can only say, that the reward will be dis-
appointment. We may say with perfect truth, that with
one solitary exception, it does not contain a single
article of intelligence, domestic or foreign, worth re-
ferring to. The excepted article is an official table,
shewing for the last seven years the augmentations
and decrease of expense that have taken place in the
different branches of the public service. The branches
which come under the former denomination, are
the Clergy, the Ministry of Justice, the Foreign De-
partment, Public Works, Army, Navy, and Mint—in
all of which there has been an increase of expense to
the amount of about 48 millions of francs, or nearly
two millions sterling. The branches in which a decrease
of expense is noted, are the Civil List, Presidency of the
Council of Ministers, Ministry of the Home Depat t-
ment (general expenses), Ministry of Finance (personnel),
Public Debt, Pensions, (the decrease in this branch is
nearly 7,000.000) &c. &c. amounting in all to something
more than 22 millions. The augmentations exceed the
diminutions by 25 millions and a half exactly, accord-
ing to this table; but, as a set-off against this increase,
there has been an improvement in the revenue, during
this period of seven years, to the amount of 54,000,000,
leaving a surplus of 28 millions and a half.
We also received this morning Frankfort to the 20th,
but they contain no political news.

ADMIRALTY COURT, Jou 26.

Ilf TOO MATTES Or TUN SLAVE. •RACIL

The arguments in this most important ease were lids day re-
sumed. The facts are few and undisputed. In the year lit 22, •
female slave, kaown by the name of Grace, was taken from the
Island of Antigua as a domestic slave, and imported to England,
in attendance on the wife of her owner, a Mr. Allen. In the end
of the following year, Mrs. Allen returned to Antigua, and was
voluntarily accompanied by the slave, Grace, who upon her arrival
in Antigua, was again treated and employed as a slave. In the
year HMS, the slave was claimed by an officer of the Customs, as
forfeited to the King, having been exported to England, and sub-
sequently imported to Antigua, against the provisions of the sth
Geo. IV. The matter was considered of so muck importance by
the Colonists, that before it came to a hearing before the local
authorities in Antigua, it was referred to Lord Bathurst, then at
the head of Colonial Affairs, who directed, in a public dispatch,
that the suit should be prosecuted before the Judge of the Island,
and whatever might be his decision, that an appeal should betaken
to the High Court of Admiralty, In order to obtain the opinion of
Lord Stowell upon a point of law on which nu legal opinion had
ever been given. The Judge of Antigua having given his decision
against the claimant, and in favour of the owner, the present appeal
was brought. The case was narrowed to the simple point, whether
the slave, being free upon her arrival in England, could afterwards
become a slave upon her voluntary return to Antigua?
The Kano's ADVOCATZ and Dr. Lusnuorron were heard for the
appellant, and argued the question on the principle that the Island
of Antigua was a colony settled, and not conquered by the Eng-
lish ; and that the common law of England was in force there,
unless when contradicted by express Acts of Parliament, which it
was insisted did not exist in the present case.
Doctors Jerome and Donsort, sin the other side, contended that
the law of England, by which a slave become/ free upon landing
in England, was a municipal law, and could have no force upon
the voluntary return of a slave to a colony where slavery was sanc-
tioned, and for many years cherished.
Dr. LIMIIbOTON was heard this day in reply, and the case now
stands over fur the judgment of the Court.

The SPIVIIERIt is considtied in A fair way of recovery
from the effects of his Lee accident.

The D.,ke,Alf NORTHUMBERLAND, Earl MANVERS,
Admiral Casrovs, and Sir %Yawata WYNN; visited Chatham
lard lag week.

CORN EXCHANGE, MARK-LANE, Juou 27.
Our supplies (4,370 qrs. of Wheat, 4,280 qrs. of Barley, 8.010 qrs.
of Oats, and 5,700 s;clis of Flour,) since Monday are large, but we
have not the least demand fur any description of Grain, although
lower prices would have been accepted ; and, from the hitless state
of the market/our prices must be nominally quoted the same as 00
Monday for aU dtuoshinatiocis of Grain.

i 1r
1

N:IVAL

VESSELS SPOKEN wrru.—The Jane, from Cephalonia to Bri,tei,
on the gd instant, by the Rapid, arrived at Belf.i‘t ; and the e_pe
Breton. of Jersey, from Havannab, on the 4th ultimo, in 14.
long. 4
DEJA, Jour 26 —Wind S.W.—Arrived the Lord 11'1,114,
Blows, from Londos for Bengal; Everett, for Trinidad; stef
tranisort No. 55. for the westward.
Fauenmsr, Just
packetfor Buenos Ayres. Wind N.—Sailed the Lord Melva',
,
Asneascot,
Posnalofrom urn, J
Naples. UNE CG.—Wind S. by E.—Arrived rite Impeetk
beetroot., Just 25 —The Margaret Ann, COSTES, MINA to
Miraotichi, was totally lost, with all the crew, on Prince
Island, on the 5d altinto, during a gale at N. 6 Ns or seven whet
vessels were wrecked there, and several lost anchors, eahl,tec
GIAVISSININ Jtrua 26.—Arrived the Briton, --, from udii,
Reward. Hoco, front Jamaica ; Bona Fide, Toms, from Riga.
James, Gums? ; Ceres, Boon ; Eleanor, Jesuits ; 11,4„,,c4n,
Zero, Hume; and Edith, Waives', from Riga; the 604.0
HANNAN. from Jamaica ; Augusta, Nl`Fit, front St. Domingo 1.
Hero, Gamete, from Trinidad; and Bullftnch,-- from St. Pt.
tersburgh. Sailed the Hutchinson, Lowruza, ft.r Bermuda; and
Hebe, Tsars, far Lisbon.

THZ DUKE AND DUCIH OF CLARENcrs
SPLENDID ENTERTAINMENT.

etihren..gThrigoined:thwesyDansidaboardsetskcapeaTartakenudr:tiwwaDeyhrichtueselisarsvceeiontfofteaf
teCihni I.GennoigtitsiSsgenescntotic
ja:o:bvogreentogiirtv :7
nismeroos Dinner Parties, at their residence, in the Admiralty,
Comptroller of his Royal Highness's Household, has
chasms
edhaditnheadbaireek.,
guests. The Dinners were served in Princely style, under the
superintendence of Mr. M.Farlane, the Duke's steward. A very
and superior style, has been placed in the dining-room, can which
the superb service of plate is displayed.
The Duchess of Clarence gave her first route after the dinner
party, on Monday; two fresh entraaces were made far the ingrms
and egress of the carriages of the company. A temporary entrance
was also made for the convenience of the setting down sad taking
up of the carriages. Two Gentlemen Porters were stationed at
the ball door, in full suits of black, with black scarfs, and holdieg
large staves, about seven feet high, handsomely ornamented, and
surmounted with a silver plate (resembling in form the star of the
Order of the Garter), en which was the Royal Arms, being similar
to those anciently attached to the office of Lord High Admiral
The whole of the suite of rooms on the g?ound floor were Armen
open,erlak:h were fitted up under the ta.teful direction of the Royal
Duchess, and were brilliantly illuminated with WM, monde
lamps, &e.
The company began to arrive at a quarter to nine o'clock, sad
were received by the Royal Duchess, accompanied by her Royal
Consort, and attended by her Ladies in Waiting. The visitors cm.
tinned arriving till twelve o'clock; the number of carriages were
so numerous that, in some parts of the evening, they mended lifer
as Piccadilly; notwithstanding which the greatest order prevailed
during the whole of the night. The Ladies' dresses, as is usual on
their visits to Royalty, were very splendid, and the display of die.
moods, Ste. very brilliant, particularly them worn by the Duties
of Northumberland and Mrs. Watson Taylor. Most of the Nest.
bens of the Royal Family in town were present, viz.—The Dyke
of Sussex, the chem of Gloucester, the Duchess of Kest, anion.
panted by the Princess Feodore and Princess Sophia Matikia;
were the Foreign Ambassadors and Ministers and their Lew,
several of the Cabinet Ministers and their ladies, the Archbi•hop
of Armagh, the Master of the Rolls, the King's Advocate, the
Attorney. General, the SoUckor-General ; Prince Esterlialy, the
Austrian Ambassador; Prince Polignac. the French Ambassador,
Princess Polignac; Count d'Alcodia, the Spanish Minister; the
Countess d'Alcudis ; Monsieur Rack, the Ambassador him the
Netherlands; Baron Stierobeld, the Swedish Minister; the Ear.
quit de Palmella, the Portuguese Minister; the Marchionen de
Pekoe:lla • Monsieur Nunes de Carvaiho, the Secretary of Legs.
don to tie Portuguese Embassy, and Mr. listopsjo,- attached to
dittos Baron Below, the Prussian Minister; Coent Lotion', the
Neapolitan Minister ; Countess Ludolf ; Baron de Cetto, the 1301.
rian Minister • Count de Mandeslob, the WurtemLerg Minister;
Minister; Mr. Galatia' the American Minister
Gallatin; Mrs. Lawrence; the Secretary of Legation to the Awe.
Rican Embassy; and the Danish Minister.
The following distinguished persons were also present—
Prosicso-13ershese, Puckler Muskaw, Bergami.
Docro—Northumberland, Wellington, Argyll, Leinster, Belo
fort, Portland.

Rutland, Wellington, Leinoter, Northuat.
y Lansdown, Douro, Londonderry, Sim
Carmarthen.
Maarnuortrisses--Lothlan, Sligo, Londonderry, Emily of Lao
denderry, Clanricarde, Westmeath, Donegal.
Brae—Harrowhy, Rosalyn, Morley, Brownlow, Jersey, Tn.
kerville, Errol, Westtnorland, Darnley, Brinier., Beauchamp,
Leitiim, Carlisle, Essen, Delaware, Dartmouth, Bathurst, Cowper.
Coemeam—Bridgewater, Jerleyi Cowper, Burke, Harrowby,
Morley, Darnley, Ashbumbatn, Coventry, Guildford, Bathurst,
Errol, Our., Beauchamp, Leitrim, De Brook., Caudill., Dart-
mouth, Pembroke, Stanhope.
Vistrouirra—Kinnaird, Palmerston, Dudley and Ward, Dce-
cameo, Beresford, Strangford,Strathallen.
Vaccomensans--Dowager Melville, Strathallen, Andover..
Larne—Mark Kerr, Ha &they, Binning, Bingham, Ardor,
Morpeth, G. Seymour, t, C. Manners, Waterpark, C.
Somerset, Porekester, Stanley. Gwydyr, W. Bernina, J. Hay,
Bowden, Meath, Kennedy, Hill, F. Thynnt, Kingston, Bexley,
Auckland.

berlpd. Argyll.

Lanus--Ceckerell, Imhof, Tollemache, Whirshed, C. Wood.
G. Murray, Markham, Graham, G. Seymour, F. Higgitee, Pant.
Howden, M. Winyard, Shepherd, Petre, Wigram, Watarpmk, C.
Smartie, M. Petro, M. Taylor, C. Murray, E. Fitzroy, M•Mnon,
Somerset, Gwydyr. C. Stuart, R. Fielding, Fitzpatrick, H. Bunk.
Otway, H. Wynn, Saltoun, Hon. Harvey, Glealyen, Behind,
Auguita Fitsdarence, E. Fitzgibbon, Gardiner. Tout, Keith,
Dow. Bromley. G. Ellis, Carr, Kennedy, Flint. Clemson, Dalrym-
ple, Hay, Holloway, Fremantle, &hey, Blackwood, Gans,
Meath, Binning, F. Leith, Hamilton, L. Manners, H. Wynni.
Thrum, Martin, Maryborougb, Byam Martin, Legge, Maciarbers
G. Bathurst. Lyndhurst, Scarlet.
Basess--Fagel, Bulow, Stieraheld.
Baumann—De Spaedth. Butter.
R 101314 Hostuarnazn--Sturges Bourne, Sir Geo. Hill, Wax.
Horton, Geo. Canning, R. Peel.
,Lady Harvey. Mrs. Hope._

Docloas—Dakin, Koper, Why, BinnsbolK.
Sias—C. Imhoff, Thos. Lawrence, Geo. Elder, his Harvey.
C. Robinson, R. Burroosks, Cullen Smith, ft. Chester, B. Gar-
Wiser. R. Keith, J. Malcolm' R. Kennedy, C. Flint, J. Worth
H. Dalrymple, C. Stuart, H. Blackwood, J. Fraser, T. Williams.
J. Rowley, A. Hume, J. Shelley, C. Pole, J Wells, B. Jilts'''.
lt. Wlgran, J. Hamilton, H. Martin, H. Hope, C. Cricktrell,
Byana Mania, IL Macfarbuse, J. Graham, H. Farley, J. Pechrl.
G. Blanc, T. M'Mahon' C. Wetherell, T. Williams, J. Whitsbed,
J. Robinson, G. Cockburn, H. Wyndham, J. Scariett.
Anamaats--Thomas, Tollemacbe, Dishy, Capel, Parker.
Guraut.s.—Milner, Cummins, Rihand, Stewart, C4mPbeli.
Macdonald.
CoLownro--Dalrympla, Edward Cut, Bellisle,Cithcart, Clithero,
Doyle, Stevenson, Lindsay, Wood, F. Higginsen, Palmer, Watley,
Berkeley, Drummond, Mercer, Lowther Hugh Bailin, Sir J.
Hamilton,lownsend, Cooper, Stanhope,eavendisN.
Car:ups—Conroy, H. Taylor, Rochfort, Edgcumbe, Ward,
Haigh, Falkland, Stevenson, Lambert, York, Jackson, P•olet,
A:Court, Hotham, Hamlet, Parker, Hamilton, Hondas, Lascriks.
Greville, Dishy.
liCrok"sizuer, Gas—. Hooky,eßiFingn't,SidDneeynni, Bulr,roEuglihots,,Freell°B°lnlkai"
Banks, Wallace, Dawson, Shelley, Sneyd, A. Stanhope, W. Vll°.l3'
Brown, Thompson, Watson Taylor, Byng, F. Leith, Barr"' B.
Paget, G. Bankes, Villiers, Franklaud Lewis, Scott, Steward.
Burrell, Fin, Pree Palmer, Sc. Clare, Hope, Brouglion, auk.
house, Littleton, idgcumbe, Walpole, R. Harris, Planta, Hemet,Hemet,
Greenwood, Booth Wilbraham' Burrell, Hamilton, Liddell.
Mumaasan--Freunantle, litiskisson, Tierney. Conroy, Sid Pelt
Milner, Dalrymple, Croker, Edward Cut, Hicks, Hooky. Dil"
son, Pole, H. Hoare, Seeyd, A. Stanhope, W. Wynn, Catlin.%
Gkngal, Watson Taylor, Byng, G. Henke!, Franklaod Lists,
Manners Sutton, Wilmot-Horton, Stewart, Paulet, Burrell, lig'
born, Fox, Pres., airbus, Palmer, Chaplin, G. Seymour. Lau
Littleton, Lindsay, R. Harris, Doody, Digby, Capel, Coq?".
Smith, M'Donald, Mercer, Arbuthnot, Dupre, Bishop, Clar4t
Stuart, Mellish.
Munn— Wynn, Burrow's Courtenay, Kerr, Feb'remmt
Bennett, Dawson, Pole, Hamilton,: Byng, W. Wynn, Mar."
Sutton, AI ming Chaplin. Eden, Doyle, Tolttmache,
Wood, Murray, Bishop, Walpole, Dundee, Seymour, Somero.
Lomeli's, Cooper, Smith, Uoyd, hP Donald, Cavendish, Culttnini
Mercer, M•Mahon; Greviie, Whitsbed, atc. &c.

learaon: Printed and Publnked by Jon; Nlaare, the Proptec~t,
at the St.'s Orates. Nu. 1, Pn.httt-plaaa, Teall,lt44l'

' !~
