COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

Yesterday the Lod Mayor held a Court of Common Council, at
Guildhall, for the despatch of public business, which was fully attended.
The thanks of the Court were unanimous) voted to Sir Thomas
Denman, his Majesty's Attorney-General, late Common Sergeant of this
City.—(For which see Advertisement.)
Mr. Josue presented a Report of the Loodon Bridge Committee for
payment of moms into the Bask, or a toss at defective title to pre-
miss, purchased for the purposes of the sew Hddge, which was agreed to.
Mr. PitacocX brought up a Report hem the Committee, relative to
the Mors and Clerks of the Copulation, es having inquired into the
nature, duties and emoluments the dim of Comm Sergeant, and
recommending the salary to be sawed should he IDOL which was
agreed to.
The same Committee also presented a Report on having inquired into
the nature, duties, and emoluments of the Ake of Common Pleader,
vacant by the death of Wm. Edwyn Burnaby, Esq. which was isgreed
tot and the Court resolved that it will fill up the vacancies in the office
of Common Sergeant, in the room of Sir T. Daman and the office of
Common Pleader, in the room of Wm. Rdwys Burnaby, Req. at their
nest meeting.
On the motion of Mr. Deputy ROVTII, the Court unanimously re-
solved to petition the legislature foe a repeal of the duties upon sea.
borne coals—and petitions to both hotness having been prepared, were
adopted, and ordered to be presented in the usual form.
The Court was occupied at some length in considering a Report from
the General Purposes Committee respecting the state of Blackfriars.
bridge, recommending an application to Parliament for an Act for'
raising sufficient monies for the Repairs of the same, and for sanction.,
ing the Committee to Contract for immediately Repairing the Carriage-
way—and, after some descussion thereon, agreed with the latter part of
the Report only.
A petition from the Salesmen and Butchers at Smithfield-market,
praying for the Thursday's market to be discontinued, and the market
to be held on Friday, as heretofore in lieu thereof, was Termed to the
Committee of City Lands. for consideration.
A petition for an improvement in Fetter-lane, widening the south
end of the same, next Fleet.strect, was also refereed to that Committee.
The Court adjourned the consideration of the Report respecting the
Superintendent of the City Artificers.
Mr. PEassorr gave notice of a motion respecting the Collection and
Expenditure of the Trophy Tax, and whether means should be taken
to discontinue the same.

We hare heard that the other morning hie Majesty,
dressed Ina plain great cost, took a walk into the City quite snag. and
was only recognised by a few persons, who immediately took of their
hats as he passed. His Majesty bowed in the most condescending
manner.

His Majesty, who is an early riser, is to be seen nearly
every morning, at about eight o'clock, promenading in the Park, Pall-
mall, or St. Jamea's.street, unattended ; this is a convincing proof that
he entertains no fear from his subjects, as some people would wish to
make It appear.
Yesterday a Court of I)irectors was held at the East India
House, whet Captain Alex. Nairne was sworn into the command of the
ship General Kyd, consigned to St. Mien., Bombay, and China.
Mr. BKOUG fl A m.—Some doubt having been thrown on
the appointment of Mr. Brougham as lord Chancellor, we are enabled
to state, from a private source, that on :4sturday last, in conversation
with a gentleman from this town, Mr. Brougham said he wa. then in
effice, and, though the Chancellorship was not mentioned by nom • the
flake teas spoken of in terns which could apply only to that of Lord
Chancellor. Mr. Brougham expressed a strong fceliog of regret at part.
ing with his constituents in Yorkshire, and said he hesitated two gays
before he amid be induced to give them up. In answer to an observa-
tion from the genet to wbotn we have alluded, hr said mat Nan.
cheater was vies members, and many other places besides." mod that
the King hod exprensed himself in favour of reform. He also said that
the questions of West India slavery and east India monopoly would
be settled to the satisfaction of the country. On latrine. the Coact of
King'. Bench. as Satutday aftermath Mr. Boosithoro NA have by
bowing to the CitiefJuattat, to each of she Pallas Jathialkos4..eat-ihe
Bee, who all rose to acknowledge it. When aid* to 44 a letter, hs
said he could not do h, as be wee no land a Jlembee of Parliament ;
and some letters which be wrote In the Court of King's Bench were, we
believe, franked by another gentleman at the Bar, who is in the House
of Commons.—Manrhester Mervin.

Tli I? TURF.

STATE OF TILE ODDS.—RETTING ROOM, Nov. 25.
DENIM
!4j rot apt 31r. Chifney's Caleb (taken)
16 to 1 Mr. Ileardswortb's Colwick
17 to lord Sligo's Bras-de Fer (taken)
17 to I lord Jersey's Blonder's dam
17 to 1 Lord Jersey's Cobweb
20 to I lord Exeter's flohetnlan (taken)
20 to Lord Jersey'. Filigree
25 to 1 lord Exeter'. Mamas (taken)
25 to 1 Duke of Grafton's Pastille
27 to 1 Brother to Recruit
27 to I Varennes
30 to 1 Sir J. Shelley's Cressida (taken)
30 to 1 - Colonel Metes Antiope
50 to 1 Mr. Petre's Rattler
late in the day, Bras-de-Per was offered to be backed against any
thing.
6(0 to 500 on Bras de-Per apt Cobweb (taken)
t 2 to 10 on ten apt the field.

OAKS.
S to I art Doke of Grafton's Oxygen
6 to I Mr. Houklaworth's Circassian, offers to take
12 to 1 Delight, offers to take.
NI w A RKRT COURSING MRSTING, Nor. U.
PISS T CLASS MAICRES..-CSIEVZLEY YIELD.
31r. Mute's Hotspur best 31 r. Gent's
Duke of Gordon's Variety best Mr. Chute's Handsome.
Mr. Buckworth's Kleber beat Lord Stradbrake's Marquis.

THE ILIITLAND PTA&ES.
Hr. Chutes Harbinger beat Mr. Redhead's Lightfoot.
D. of Gordon's Virgil beat Mr. Wilkinson's
Mr. Itedhead's lodder beat Mr. linckworth'=.
Straribroke's Miles best Mr. Gent's Gammon.

SECOND CLASS MATCHES.
D. of Oord&s Vanity best Mr. Cbuttia Herohie.
llr. Chute* liana beat the lien. C.ept. Roues Blank.

HUNTING. •
The Surrey Stag If °ands meet Manton. at Hanmey.green, tier
miles from Croydon.
