11l to 1 apt Emily colt

(q to 1 agst Wanton
6b to 1 art Aquilina
7 to 1 agst Ajax
DER SY. ,
7 to 1 agst 'Fay 12 to 1 agst Talisman
7 to.l art Umily colt 14 to 1 apt Pantina
10 to 1 shat Web colt 19 to 1 agst Charcoal
oar:S.
to 1 *get Zaida f se to 1 agst sister to Sailor
to 1 apt Sister to Sultan I 9to 1 apt Olives

to.l agsr -Aioses
Zi to 1 agst Svr..ty
Ito 1 agst Posthuma

TIONCASTEIVST. 1.60116
10 to 1 rtgst Sherwood 120 to'i agst Palma Royal
e .1 13 to 1 agst SO to 1 agst Armstiong's c.
14 to-1 agst Tinker 2O to 1 agst Folly
19 10.1 agat Birefoot High odds agst any other.
3 to 1 neither Folly, Web, Talisman, nor Charcoal, wins the
Derby (taken). •
The Betting Room was very thinly attended, and but little or
no business done, except on the Leger, and that, as on Monday,
principally *a the outside horses, at long odds.
BOXING.

,ftrhnson, the Gosport black, and Joel Harris, the Birmingham
man, or Coleshill blacksmith. This battle, which was hastily
uctcked up for a stake of ten sovereigns a-side, and a purse of
fifteee, took place on Wednesday, on Caxton Heath, betweeu
Vettlehed and Amersham. Johnson, a latehmport from Ame-
rica, a 13 stone athletic man, had fought and won twice, and
was sweet upon himself. The smith was a noted leveller, who
would take plenty of waierieg without denial, and the champion
of his cask.. P. Oliver seconded the Black, and the Bath Tin-
man handfed Harris.
At setting to much shyness was observed, but the smith at
length made play by a furious resh--both missed their aim, and
Birds was thrown.
• t. The' Black met his adversary on the breast instead of the
head, as he was rushing, which sent him to the extremity of the
tiventy-foirr feet ring before he recovered hhnself. The Black
foflowed, just a- I larris had &covered his Standing, and he was
floored by i hoe/eller, which made him grunt like a working
pavior.
3. This was a workmanlike round. Harris in high pluck
unmuzzletf, and turned to in bulldog form ; but being ten,
pounds under his adversary's weight, he had rather the worst of
a give and take rally of five minutes. The clarat flew merrily;
partizans of each were on. their mettle, as to the result of the
round, which would prove half the battle. After the five mi-
t**, rally, tire men separated, each proving novices at the
weaving queen. i.iping for about two minutes was the order
qf nature, and to it they went again, and distorted features in
514 up order. Strength threw the smith, and closed a manly
fikliting round.
Minn ether rounds were fought, and gay ones too, but the
Was had the best all through, from superior strength. Harris
tnrned'tbe battle in his favour for a time in the tenth round, but
1k tegintstary. He was thrown a heavy cross buttock at the
end pf it, ituouiii to knock his wind out. In the twelfth round
Jauicrir ljad bbp444 his adversary, and won the fight.
HUNTING.
bail. Joliffe, Esq.'s Fox-bounds meet on Wednesday, at Capel
Village ; Saturday, at Sunsets street.
The Seney. Fox-hiautuls meet on Monday, at Keaton ; Thurs.
&IN it ludsliesdown ; Saturday. at Westerham.
The Surrey llarriersrmeet Monday, Wednesday, and Satur-
day, at kennel.
'Monday last, as the Keswick harriers were running a kat*
near the seat of Lord William Gordon, at Denwent Wefts Buy,
eke took z direct Course td cross the Lake, but as it is %elder en-
dimly ammo over, she had not proceeded more than 200 yet&
until she came to the .extremity of the ice; here she seopd.. daunt
reline time, as if deliberating Whether to take the water, so*
thr elude thesper,uit of the dogs; or endeavour to snake bar
we, through the whole pack, and reach terra firma on the aide
at tlset Lake she ha.: just gained; the latter, however, wirer
idepted, but the dogs pressed so chase upon her, that coming tail
**lite not eoveresivrith ice, she plunged into the Water, and
eleven of the dogs immediately followed; ten of which, then
smith difficulty, auccieded in getting mu, but the other" wbiltls
leas wee ?or a considerable time with the hare in its sventh
pa:s7lll3ll:totdoll7tahlaithtepci;iee.b:rilbelon.d a-gledattt7lrr.le. witairaPel
inekeeper, at Braithwaite.
CILOCKSTED COURSING MEETING—SURREY.
vreMll.lllllr, ZAWAIty Y 2.
This Meeting was atteeded on Tuesday by a mamma tad
of sportsmen, and the runs afforded much sport. • ' •
TIM COP AND COLLAR.
Mr. Thcobald's Viper beat Capt. Jones's wh. d. •
Mr. Harrison's Fly beat Mr. ilurd's Mora.
"Iskig Wild's Fanny, beat Mr. .Arnold's bl. d.
Mr. Roe's Nlarplot beat Vt.. Adams's Thorn.
Mr. Crockford's bl. b. beat Mr. lioneyrnan's Sal.
Mr. Jeffries' Avid beat Mr. Jones's Truth.
WAIT TR.
leffriell' Ariel beat Mr. Theobald's Viper.
Mr. Harrison's Fly boat Mr. Crockforefe bl. b.
Mr. Roe's Marplot beat Dlr. Wild's Fanny. •
In' the second tie Ariel beat Marplot, and won the Cup; and
Fly won the Collar.
• ataTenee, sovestztoes ZACIL
)Jr. Williams's Pilot beat Alr. Rhodes's br.d.
Captain James's Hampton beat Mr. Child's Juno.
31r. 11-amp's brindle b. beat Mr. Ord's Cowslip.
Mr. Mack's Froth beat Mr. Anson's wh. b.
Mr. Danvers! Ye ho beat Mr. Harrington's Tinker.
Mr. Herd's Marplot beat Mr. Jones's Kingston b. •
Mr. Pendergast's red b. beat Mr. Wolfs Sally.
Idr. Smith's wh. d. beat Mr. Anstruther's hi. b.
A SWIRCAIII7IOI4 STAtt Or ,flls.
Mr. Albridge's Fly beat Captain Jones's be. d.
Captain Smith's Marplot beat Mr. hlellisb:s Cossack.
hlr. Holmes's ran b. beat Mr. Weatherall's Lame.
Mr. Noble's I'ilot beat kir. Francis's Skim.
THU Tirt.
Mrs Smith's Marpiot beat Mr. llolmes's tan b.
Mr. 4ldrl.4eit's Fly beat Mr. Noble's I'ilot.
rue emu.

Mr. Aldridges kly beat Mr. Smith's Marplot, and won the
stake.
• WILD DUCKS.
These birds have had a desperate and fatal enemy io two me
from Lincolnshire. They haire a boat, and a sort of raft, w.hipli
they float along the margins of rivers, or lakes latt by the tide.
On this raft.is a very larze gym, moving on a pivot, which will
bear a charge of from Ilb. to talbs. of duck shot. They follow
the flight of the ducks, and, as the aquatic sportsman is acerrAll
to be seen, he Is suffered to, approach within a short disteepe o
them. The npirdergus instrument is then pointed, and asmapr
as fifty have teen killed at one discharge. These wholesile de-
stroyers have lately been• in the neighbourhoodef Cheitee; ois
Sea and, the estuaries of- the Lee and Mersey, whore thelhpri
made tremendona havoc, *OM( Owe cannpt, tax • in. .
than 100 brace a day. Tim keep up the priers'
demanding from 13. 6d. to 23. per head (et; OO. •
A DELICATE, ift gp,irrt
At the Dolphin Inii;Eittnouth, last ive/g tl rakcarthAr
dertook, for, the trillitkijarr of tfiteo Vales of- 'ittfr.
two rats, entraili.and ".! "Aftrrcbsigijog •.•
~••
broiled In style'for him, devairettebe 1.010.;#10 • „
for .four quarts. more, tn: arc
caught for hint * •
A NIiLB Ackr voimk.B7
Lieutenant, Fafaseait, the.pedest4e9,4t q •
reigns, underinolry ypiterday Mord% to run ills!! •
uutcs and lieesip34.4l, J. at Nil. The 10,e0
of a Inllifitili•asnrafured'cii tiioe park. libe:fiest • ,
accoui ode minute one second the scrims,' else nil-.
e titled itt one nib...at and two Seconds; 'and. the Sam&
in 64!e Trifier; and nN: *VStntl, winning the match Ity 0: Scrota.
and 'Oat One minute allowed betwairseich start.
' • •
SLIOKINC!. •
ThiesAl, stirtr* shot last week, near Mamie!, a-•
wAiditairt ;41 their 4.410 * 4tvell
a t*!,festo) 110 their,'
, ..„1/ , :MART HW4 T.
pad Smits about }lnstil:mite Welittaore,iapd, beire.lstety,
been highly amused wads hunting a Sweet Mart. ikeltb nt

• .

~.

January, news Were circulated MIK the MM am ic
Towlitsv, Est of Town - teephrni II istraant of a
Marto frpm Arriblaside, vallich hit to hunt that illay.--;
mu at-tell lik elfin trictry spias the. . "Yellen, and sippikilidis
of..koto hundred persons satintiZoroiny the novel spert-,
This is a large a-umber for the urbood. of. Fin sthwaite: It'
was unkenntlied, or started, iFoihatever term Mart-hunters
may use, in• a small coppice 'wood. 'The Matt than took the
shortest road ortecthe crags and through the bushes. Merry and
terrible were the tumbles both of men and clogs ; but as their
bodies fell their spirits rose, and &IF punste# the little iiimal '
with increased vigour. It banterer took shelter in one of the
most rugged steeps of Yewbarrow, where it for a while eluded
its pursuers Not to be driven from illeirpurpose, they suc-
ceeded in smoking out the Man, and the than continued with
additional zeal. The ground, however, was so rough, that oc-
casional tumbles of several yards became things of course. The
Mart again rook shelter in the ruins of an old wall, where he
was cought by the men instead of the dogs. Not having a bag
at hand, he was secured in a waggoner's frock, whence he con•
trived to escape through one of the sl : another hunt there-
fore ensued, with increased vigour. Ile was caught again, and
then secured in a bag. On the 10th inst. he was turned nut
again before the dcgs and upwards of 300 persons—a number
which we suppose will comprise all the men, women, and chil-
dren in the district. He led them a chace as far as liusland,
but not without five times taking shelter in the rocks, whence
he was smoked and dug out. Towards slight he returned to
Finsthwaite, and holed in a crag. Here the hunters left him
(after smoking him with about twenty carts of green wood, and
overturning half a dozen tons of rocks), under the surveillance
of four watchmen. Next day the hunters assembled again, lAA
could make nothing out, and retired, giving him up for lost.
On the 14th inst. a rumour was circulated that he had been
tracked in the snow, and a number of sportsmen repaired to
the spot, but it proved to be only a buck'rabbit ! The 'llart is,
therefore, among the missing.

INTERESTING EXHIBITION OF mr,u4-

TURF. GLASS-WORK.

To Friends from the Country, at this season
of the year, who are anxious to visit the most curioas and inte-
resting Exhibitions, we cannot too strongly recommend the very
superior, ingenious, and beautiful Collection of Glass-Work,
now exhibiting by Mr. Irma, at 161, Strand, opposite the New
Church. Though a miniature Exhibition, it is by far the most inte-
resting of anything of the kind we ever recollect having witnessed-
The Proofs of Modelling, Blowing, and Working of different kinds
of Figures and other Devices, in Gins of various colours, are
exhibited so as to give an idea at one view of this most tnstruc-
tive, curious, and fascinating Manufacture. It is also by far the
cheapest Exhibition in London, One Shilling only being the ad-
mission fee, and for which each person Is entided to select a spe-
cimen to that amount. We are further pleased to observe, that
the Proprietor has for sale a variety of Glass. Feathers, Pens,
ornamental Skips, Hydrostatic Balloons, :Vases, various Fancy
Figures, Birds, Quadrupeds, Baskets, and many other very inte-
resting Curiosities; and that he also makes Glass Shades for
Vases, Figures, &c. of the finest White Glass, to any dimensions.

A boy, at one of the Public Schools, had for some
misdemeanour been sentenced to write an impromptu
upon Queen Elizabeth's motto, "Nil Desperandurn."
Upon a slight consideration, he drew up the follow-
ing, " Nil Desperandum
Ne'ee despair, my father said,
Who once was baid upon his head ;
But, now, upon shot barren soil,
By use of Bowtr Nell (MOUS Ott.,
Has grown s mighty crop of hair,
" Despetandlme—neer despair !

FAert.—A Gentleman, who fills every situation ne-
4C4illiay to constitute him " the head of the village,"
and who had taken some pains to instruct the rustic,
inhabitants in the proper signs of respect due to him,
being lately on a horse somewhat gi yen to shy, and
observing a lad walking, before him, called out Roy,
dons take ogf your bat ; ' the youth, turning his head,
very iuuocently answered, " I warset a goistg, Sir."
Dsa,ss Swirr.—ln a new note to a recent edition
of the celebrated Nan Swift's Works, on the audio.
rity of Juhn Nichols, the Antiquarian, it is stated
Viten Dean Swift was in England, in 1720, he went
'to see Sir Robert Walpole, at Chelsia, which drew
the notice of all the company ; ltut no one knew him '
till Sir Robert entered, who went up to him very
;obligingly: Swift, without rising up, or any other
sicidress, said—" For Gon's sake, Sir Robert, take me
out of that Ireland, and place me some Where in Eng-
land",--" Mr. Dean," replied Sir Robert, " I should
be glad to oblige you, but I fear removing you will
spoil your wit. book at. that tree," pototing to one
under the uindow, " I transplanted frorrilhe hun-
gry soil of Houghton to the Thames side, but it is
good for nothing here." This happened, adds the
note, some years before the Peen.* 4.1)40.107-
peired, where Sir Robert has an attigo share of
rotnted ridicule.
TILE PES:FIWcTIO* OF SCIO-..-The foPOlFing extract
Of a, letter from the Rev. H. 1). • Leeves, Agent to
the British and Foreign Bible Society, gives some
additional information relative to the desolation of
' Scio by those ruthless barbarians whom Christian
Europe protects. The letter is dated Constntiaople,
October 8,'1822:
" We proceeded to Scio, where we had an oppor-
' tunity of witnessing the melancholy and utter deco-
, lotion which has befallen this beautiful and once
flourishing island. I could not have conceived, with-
out being an eye-wholes;, that destraclion could late
been rendered so complete. We walked through the
town, which was handsome, and built entirely of
stone, and found the houses, the Churches, the Hos-
pital, the extensive College, where a few months ago
600 or 700 youths wets receiving their education,
one mass of toios. OneverOde were strewed frag-
merits of halfl-ourist boolts, miumscripts, clothes,, and-
furnitgre, an irkat'wes stiOst:shOcking to the feel=
ings, stantereos balm bodies moßldeNng ott 'the
,spots *kers they, Is Nothing that had life wet to
',ha *9140. Rot Witirtigct half. stover} 44?fis, and
cats c. villages, hale 64;0 the same fate, and
of a gqpulation of io,opp Greeks, there remain,
perhaps, Bbo or 1000 .indlviduats scattered through
the most distant villages. - In -the town nothing has
ii.'esiarmit INA the couture hgkiseft and- a 'weep ftgir
itoediAtiet 244i9iPing that], whiik ci*lld.ktot lc buist
lwAti*LuX bunting the Coesilletee..
a From the painful sight.Ot these dread effect;.
!of unbridled: human passions, we were a little se,
ireshest. by visiting, in. the aftevnoon, the.'ocaostay
house of the .British- Ifice.Consul, Signior
'who, during tke:sp.ckiof 40,o,.humanely reeci ye+ all,l
:thte usfOrtotAte cteOturel who fled, to him for pre-,
teciion, and has redeemed many others from slavery.
He hai a little colony of 207 Stiots, chiefly women
,and children, butted in his garden and • premises,,
.whom.he liseds,ut hi 4 owA expense, told who, 44E,
the flag, have found protection aini4sc,tlen
wreck of their country. There are similar establish-menti_ in' soitie of the othei Eurtwan COnsulates.
Their food, -at pesenti cellists chit* of:the figeaud‘,

40.

• -
tierslilkich wen= • , e Wag
scie-to gagloss in • • 'hut, as
dris supply v.arsoao fa w• t• ve, • ;get c veer%
iscourie. nced a subscrip*n ainng • Wisii resit
dents at Constaminopleilwilli have-4100es* ready
to meet similar calls upoi their charity during this
calamitous period, in order to send them a supply of
biscuit, and flour for the winter months."

LAW INTELLIGENCE:

.P

COURT OF CHANCERY, JANUATIY 24.

This'being the first day of Term, the Learned and
King's Counsel met the LOUD CIIA%CELLOR, as usual,
in the Hall, before they proceeded to business in their
respective Courts.. The morning- being extremely
cold, probably was the cause of their not assembling
so early as they generally have done. Those who
had to go to • other Courts, took their leave a little
before one o'clock. _ _ _

The LORD CHANCELLOR took hh seat at one o'clock.
He stated, that he thought a great part of the relief
in the Petition of Mackay v. Todd must be granted;
but as to-day was so short, he having in Term time
to rise at two o'clock to give place to the Ilenchers,
and as it would take at least an hour for him to state
the grounds on which he had fortmd his opinion, he
would defer it till to-moi row morning.
