LON DON.

........a.---
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 217 India Stock: shut
3 per Cent. Red. 931 # 4 India Bonds 67 8
3 per Ct. Cons. shut Old Annuities
31 pet Ct. 1818, Hai £lOOO Exch.Bllh (2d) 73 4
31 per Ct. Red. 991 1 i £5OO Ditto 73 4
4 per Cent. shut IEIOO and £2OO Ditto 75 4
4 per Ct. 1824, 105 i Advertised,
Long Ann.l9l # Bank for Amt.
Do. 30 Years, 191 3-16 tbs Cons. fdr Jan. 941 1 1 /
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazil Bds, 5 pr Ct. 671 Do. Acc. 17
Do. Ace. 671 1 1 8 71 Port. Bds. 5 p. Ct.
Colour. Bds. 6 per Ct. Do. Ace. 561
Do. Bds. 1824. e2l 31 i Sp. Bds. 5 per Ct. 101 1
Ditto Ace. 231 3 Ditto Acct. 10i 1
Peru,. lads. 6 p C. 17
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK
%Ha as. rain. pie smote.
Anglo Mexican (hs. at XS pm) 100 100 40 39/ 41
Brazilian, Imp. (in. £5 pm.) 35 20 97 93 100 95 911 94
Do. National 25 10 191 20 19 20 191 1 i
Colombian (iss. at 45 pm.) 5S 35 81
United Mez, (In. at .61 pm.) 40 191 19 IS

Despatches, dated the 3d of September, were this
morning received at the Colonial Office from lieutenant-
General Sir C. CoLviLLE, Governor of the Mauritius.

We insert in another place a Petition from the lay

members of the United Church of England and Ireland,
inhabitants of the city and county of Cork. This may

be called the MOUNT(ASHEL Petition, since it is owing
mainly to the spirit and energy of that Woble Earl, and
it is every way worthy of attention. Antecedently to
the enquiry set on foot by Lord MO V TC ASHEL, any
exceptions taken publicly against the frightful prevalence
of ecclesiastical corruption were immediately met by the
advocates of that corruption with imputations of profane-
ness, and a sinister design on the part of those who took
them, to overturn the Establishment whicli they desired
only to reform. The grievance, however, having at last
arrived to such a pitch of public inconvenience and scan-
dal—not to qualify with harsher epithets the system of
clerical pride, rapacity, and oppression—the just alarm that
RELIG lON herself would soon perish if not ridded of these
abominations, took hold of the most sincere and pious.
Than the Noble Earl, who has signalised himself by
championing so desirable a reformation, we believe there
is not a devouter, nor a more conscientious Christian :

nay, it is even imputed to him by many, that his zeal as
a higlk-Churchman is excessive. To him, therefore, the
suspicion of hitrbouring designs inimical to the establish-
ment, can never attach : on the contrary, in his leader-
ship in the cause of ecclesiastical purification, the religious
community feels that it possesses at once a pledge to
purify, and a safeguard to defend. Regarding the
CHURCH Of ENGLAND " as the chosen instrument of
Almighty GOD to preserve amongst us the light et
Christian truth, they are firmly convinced"—the Peti-
tioners say—" of the scriptural purity of her doctrines,
and of the excellence of her episcopal form of Govern..
meet, and they desire by every means in their power to
support her privileges and to extend her influence."
But the undue distribution of her revenues, and the
abuses which prevail in her secular administration, are
then openly declared ; the petitioners do not go round
the bush, nor use any mincing phraseology ; for they
say, "Your petitioners are convinced that a period has
arrived, when the security of the church requires the
reformation of defects which operate so strongly to im-
pede her influence in the promotion of religion--to
weaken her hold upon the affections of the people—and
TO ENDANGER HER EXISTENCE AS A NATIONAL
ESTABLISHMENT." The petitioners, after this as-
sertion, embark in medial res, and after complaining of
the unequal allotment of the church's temporalities, in-
voke their more equitable distribution, " to supply the
necessities of the curates and poorer clergy :" praying,
at the same time, for the preservation of all vested
rights of property. But how that equitable distribution,
can have place, and not overturn some " vested rights,"
we do not readily conceive. The principle of plurality is
next very powerfully reprobated and condemned; and the
non-residence of a beneficed clergyman upon his living,
is declared by the petitioners to be a departure from
" common honesty." There is also some very sensible
expostulation, concerning the difficulty and " almost in-
surmountable expense" of depriving immoral clergymen ;
and after once more—in a separate and distinct clause—
deprecating all interference with vested ecclesiastical
rights, as a measure which could only " lead to revolu-
tion and national ruin," the Petitioners " pray the Ho-
.. NOURABLE Housr speedily to -take into consideratioon
the entire state of the establishment of the tiniiefithweh
of England and Ireland.'' •
Emanating from such a quarter as it does—although
there is, ample scope for so much more .to be said—
we still hail this Petition as the earnest 0f... coming
Church .reform. We regret, certainly, that something
was not embodied in it, tandem's:dory of the principle of
translation among bishops, and calling for an equalisation
of Sees : but new that thi repokriogriaditor is
.once pitched
against the front of the edifice, the werinancemployed in
renoyationwe doubt not--will brie's their *corals to
bear upon the deformity. •
In Order to ascertain the present moral end political
Itituation of the new States of South Amami* it would
4to‘ necessary. .to follow the irain of ivcints from the
bobtail* of diSir M.**, 'IBP to this day, to
obeerie the pegs*. el the mind pa* who, .at that
period, were reduced: to the greatest *loran°. and super.
Adds' o; to asthma* the thongoo which experissie his
produced iri s thotkiiis Goitiontent, and the susio.
quent wish for the estabilebesent of .sach laodtudeas or
will offer to industa/ ecedritiesof 'odd order and positive
liberty. We possum a Cedes of letters in whit& .the author
has treated this Subject with truth. and scouisty ; sod

although he alludes chiefly to Colombia, our readers will
easily admit that as all the new American Republics are,
with but little difference, placed in the same circum-
stances, what is said of -one is said of the whole. The
philosopher, the statesman, and the merchant, will feel
equally interested in these observations. They will
serve besides to form a just estimate of the true merit of
the extraordinary man who has given existence to three
nations, and. who has lately been the object of the most
ridiculous libels and blackest calumnies.

As we have reason to believe that there is no news in
town from Portugal later than our Lisbon letter of the
30th ultimo, which we gave on Thursday, the report
of AI lo uEL's death can only be attributed to some stock-
bing speculation, or it may perhaps owe its origin to the
ardent wishes of every man in Europe who possesses
any regard for justice or humanity.—For surely these
virtues have never been more grossly or wantonly vio-
lated, than by this contemptible and degraded indi-
vidual. Although the death of such a person could
only be regarded as a blessing to the people of
Portugal, and a most fortunate event for those
crowned heads and Princes whose power and popularity
he is hourly bringing into disrepute, we cannot help
being casuists enough to believe that, ifhis guilty life is
still prolonged, it will be for the wisest purposes of PRO-
VIDENCE. Truth requires us to ' say that reli-
gious bigotry, and despotic rule combined, had pro-
duced such degradation and lethargy among the people,
both in Spain and Portugal, as to render the temporary
away of creatures like FERDINAND and MIGUEL among
the necessary evils of our day. The experience of his-
tory unhappily proves how apt nations who boast of the
superiority of their institutions and religious reforms, are
to become indifferent to freedom, or loath to make any effort
for its preservation. No wonder, therefore, that it should be
so difficult to rouse the dormant spirit and exhausted ener-
' gies of Southern Europe, steeped as it is, in the lowest
depths of superstition and slavery. With regard to the
usurper of Portugal and the tyrant of Spain, between
whose vices there is an extraordinary resemblance, we
firmly believe that their frequent perjuries and treasons,
added to the cruelties which have marked their career,
however repugnant to morality and justice, will in the
end prove highly beneficial to those who have been
cursed by their sway. And from present appearances
throughout Europe, we do not think it requires
the gift of prophecy to foretel that their fall, whenever it
takes place, will be the signal of regeneration among
an oppressed and long-suffering people. The rumour of
Don PRDRO having recognised his guilty brother, must
be a fabrication. Our own settled conviction has always
been, that the Emperor would never consent to so suicidal
an act. All the recent accounts from Rio Janeiro, are in
direct contradiction to this report. Indeed, as we said a
few days ago, there is no doubt whatever but that Dow
PEDRO will not merely adhere to his solemn and repeat-
ed declarations, but display all the energy of his character
on this occasion.

We never attached the slightest credit to the rumour
so industriously circulated by the agents and instruments
of the Portuguese tyrant, that " a present of books had
been made by the Klio of ENGLAND to Dow Ali-
o pct.." The eagerness with which the advocates of the
treacherous lufante's usurpation availed themselves of the
opportunity which such a report afforded for heightening
the delusion by which even the show of adherence to his
interests is upheld, betrays at once the servility of his
parasites, and, the desperate condition of a cause that re-
quires to be so bolstered up. A Correspondent of the Mor-
ning Chronicle has, however, put an end to the cheat, by
stating that, "in common with the other universities and
public libraries of Europe, a copy of the catalogue of the
Royal Library was presented to the University of
Coimbra, and these are the only books which have been
transmitted to Portugal."

With the best intentions in the world , for these he is
known to possess, the King of the NETHERLANDS seems
to have some advisers who sympathise with those of
CHARLES X. This is the only way in which we can
account for the project of curtailing the liberty of
the Press. We sincerely hope, for the sake of a Sove-
reign whose private and public virtues have rendered him
so justly popular in Europe, that the project will be aban-
doned. . Here it is worthy of remark, that the
closest connexion and warmest sympathy prevails
between the liberal press of Belgium and that of France.
This will be seen by a reference to the Paris Papers,
more especially, the Constitutionnel and Courrier Fran-
cais. We shall merely add, that in the event of any
new convulsion arising out of the present discussions,
there is every reason to believe that the people of the
Netherlands would make common cause with their
neighbours.

The Nuremberg Correspondent of the 11th inst. re-
ceived this morning, in an article dated from Bucharest
20th Nov. says that as soon as the:Pachaof Gnivaoavo
had given up the place to the Russians, the corps of
General Kisumu's, that was at Sabrova, and before
Sophia, began its movement to repass the Danube.
General Ktssztarr had crossed the river at Sistorva;
and the right wing, under General GOISMAIL, at Ra-
chova. The 3d corps, which was before Choumla, had
been already in motion, and its van-guard had crossed
the Danube at Kallarasch. The 2d corps, under Geo-
.
Deal PARLOW, coining from Adrianople, had poised the
Balkan, and would cross the Danube at Satounow. The
head quarters of Count DZIBITSCH an moved to Se
limn.

Frankfort Papers to the 12th instant are also received
this day. They contain a brief account of the opening of
the Diet in the duchy of Gotha. The reader will re-
member that, Os the death of the late Duke of SAXE-
dirrnA and Azszx Dunn, dist branch of the Saxon
houses became extinct ; in consequence of which the
Ducky of Saxe-Goths, and the Principality of Alten-
burg, were divided among the Dukes of SAIS-COSVIO

SAXE-MEININGEN, and SA XE-HILDBUROHA t'SrN.
Gotha was assigned to the Duke of COBURG.
GOTHA. Dse. 7.

The opening of our diet, the first since the union of the tern.
tory of Gotha with that of Coburg, took place yesterday. The
Members of the Estates first attended His Serene Highness, the
Duke, to the Court Chapel, where Dr. Brebschneider delivered a
suitable discourse ; after which the Estates assembled in the Grand
Hall of the Ducal Palace ; where, the Duke being seated on the
throne, N. de Carlowitz opened the Session with a speech,
in which he gave a statement of the measures that had been
adopted by the Duke since the union of the two Duchies.
His Highness he said had done his utmost to carry into
effect the assurance he bad given, that his new subjects
should enjoy the same protection and paternal care, that were the
basis of the happiness of his old subjects. After acquainting him-
self with the state of the country in every respect. his Majesty has
taken, in all branches of the Administration, the measures that

were most called for. Commercial conventions have been con.
chided with the neighbouring States ; new roads have been made ;
and the principal obstacles to the improvement of manufactures in
the interior have been removed, by judicious regulations. His
Highness has devoted the most serious regard to the situation of
the distressed part of the community; the greater part of
the disbursements of the Crown are designed to afford profit-
able employment. Persons of all classes have constantly bad
free access to his Highness ; no well-founded complaint has been
overlooked ; no petition of an unfortunate person that his been left
unconsidered. Accordingly his Highness—now that he appears
for the first time in the Estates of the Duchy of Gotha—has the
satisfaction of knowing, that the greater part of his subjects look
upon him as a Prince who is really the father of his people.

FRANKFORT. Dsc. 11.

Oa the 2d inst. died at Vienna, at the age of 7$ years, his Ex-
cellency Baron Von &urmer, who bad served the Imperial House
of Austria, chid!), In the diplomatic line, for above fifty years.
Rani-fort Papers. Dec. H.

THE INTENTION OF MINISTERS TO RESTORE THE.
SMALL NOTE CURRENCY.—We learn, on the autho-
rity of an individual extensively connected with the
operations of the money market, and to whom the leading
men of that interest are accustomed to look with a great
degree of respect, in consequence of his profound know-
ledge in matters connected with the currency, that, at
this time, the Bank of England has two millions of one
and two pound notes ready to be issued the moment that
the sanction of Parliament is obtained for that purpose.—
Sheffield Courant.
The correspondent of a Morning Paper makes the
following remarks on the subject of Poland:—" Persons
desire to know what has become of that nation, formerly
so celebrated? What has been its history for the last
few years? What is its present state ? Why is it that
we so rarely hear Pdiand spoken of ? It is not true that
Poland is erased from the list of the nations of Europe,
whatever may be said ; but it is very true that it has been
for too long a time strangely forgotten. Why is the
Emperor Alexander yet lamented, if, as is every day
said,his brother always follows the same course in respect
to Poland as was followed by his predecessors? Why
is he equally regretted at Leopol, at Posen, and at
Cracow, as well as in the whole kingdom ? If the history
were known of the condemnation of the persons accused
of high treason in 1826: if the history were known of
the dispersion of the University of Wilna—the outrages
which took place in order to get rid of the Nuncio Wie-
mojewski, elected to the Diet of 1820—the rejection of
the Generals of the Polish army in 1825—0 f the Russian
regimentals—if these things were all known, a different
explanation would be given from what is generally circu-
lated of the system at present pursued by the Govern-
ment of Poland."

s_
CITY, TWELVE o'CLocit.

the Foods are again In a stagnant state this morning, nor Is It
supposed that any speculations of Importance will be transacted
until after the Holidays. Consols, which left off yesterday at
941 I for the Account, opened at the same price this morning, and
the Market is quite idle at present.
Information bas been received from Vienna, of the 10th of De•
eember, stating that the funds were improving there
Bank Shares from 1226 to 1239
Five per Cents.. lO2l 102 9-10
Four per Cents .. 911 92
Discount at 3 per cent. .

We have no arrival of consequence this day—not even a stogie
ship letter has come to band—and consequently political infanta
don is scarce.

In the Foreign Market there is still a greater stir in Sham.
Brazil Imperial Money Shares continue to improve, and have been
done at 75 premium. It is said that this mine trodoced in one day
130 lbs. of gold. In the Foreign Securities little doing as yet.
The Calcutta Paper of the 20th June (although not of so recent
date as last received) states—" We are glad to see the subject of
Indigo affairs attracting the attention it is now doing ; and con-
gratulating our friends, the planters, on the prospect of many of
the evils, of which they bad to complain, being obviated."
The Mauritius Papers to the 30th August contradict, by autho-
rity, the statement copied from a French Paper in the Journal de
Moisrice, that the Greek ship Hellas had been fitted out at the Isle
of France, to cruise against the Turks In the Red Sea. She was
only permitted to leave the above port as a merchantman ; but af-
terwards information was received, that after site left the Mauri-
tius she adopted measures to Increase her crew, which gave suspi-
cion as to her destination, and no time was lost to communkale
with the Bombay Government.

HALF-PAST ONE.

The Consol Masket whktt was h► the early part of the morning
stationary at 9414 for the Account, has since improved to 941
Buyers, at which price they cant cue at present, with little business
doing. Nothing further has transpired with regard to any new
Handal measures to be adopted by the Bank.

Accounts are received from Rio Janeiro of the 10th October.
We do not bear et any politieal information by the above con-
veyance, but it is said the Fends have got op there from 64 to 66.
There still continues a book in the Foreign Market, in the Im-
perial Bradl Minis' Shares. The following is an moons of the
working of *saws Mines doting eight days:

Sm. os. d. gr.
&pt. I!»...». « !0..... ll b IS
W. lO 19 1111
37.. « 8 3 12
15 ..157 - iMMIP
24.. 69 2lB 6
25•••••••••140 ll 16
65.. . 1
fri •• MD

Total .. 550 4 II

RENvs.—The landlords of Yorkshire are
ge-
nerally reducing rents, and for the best of all
the farmers cannot pay them ; and the hantomarket will
soon feel the deplorable effect of a curtailed expeditar•
on the part of the landholders. We are informed that
Si! Tattoo Sykes, Bart. has at this moment no less than
sixty farms upon his hands! Thus we " go down, down,
down l"—Leeds intelligasarr.
Wednesday, the Goose Medal given by the Royal
Company of Ambers was shot for at the Butts, near
Edinburgh, and gained by Henry GeorchleVrealo: FA.
Treasurer to the Royal Company. about
seventy of the members sat down to an elegant Wm'
, tainnment in the Archer's Hall.
