THE GREEKS AND THE TURKS.

The following extracts of letters have been received
from Z.m.e:

" &WM DIKINSZA 2.
From the best information I can collect, it would
appear that the son of Colocotroni, at the head of
3,030 troops, bad made an attack upon Tripolis:ea, in
which, after being, repulsed with great loss, he was
,lain. There are also some other commotions in other
parts ofxl,e'ltlorea, add all directed against the 'Go-
vernment, no doubt instigated by the military Chiefs,
who cannot relish the present attempts of the Govern-
ment.to diminish their power and influence. I am told
they demand the ejection of three individuals from tit;
Government, and to know how the money arising from
the loan in England has been expended? It is unfortu-
nate that Mavrocordato has not yet left Misholonghi
for the seat of Government."

Damn= 7.
4g The contents of my letter of the 2d instant, I aril
sorry to have to confirm in every respect. It is, how-
ever, very positively asserted from all- quarters, that
matters have been arranged, and tranquillity again re.
stored. It appears beyond doubt that the motives' of
this tumult were the dismissal of three individuals from
the Government, and a publicatiop of the expenditure
of the English loan, which was called for by the lead-
ing military Chiefs of the Morea'.; htit iihether they
have been satiffied on these Ooitits, or the check at Tn.-
polizza has caused them to desist, is not ascertained.
is We have advices from the Levant of another vic-
tory gained over the Egyptian fleet by the Greeks."
FROM THR RTOII.I, DATED THURSDAY, JAN.2O.
ODESSA, DECEMBER 26.
We have letters from Constantinople of the 17th of
this month. It seems that the first conference of M. de
Miuziacky with the Reis Effendi, has made a pretty
strong impression on that Minister, and even on the
whole Divan. They begin to perceive that blind ob-
stinacy cannot lead to any desirable result in politics.
It is very terrain that the - defeat of the Eg% otian
fleet in the Cretan Sea was followed by such a disperr
sion,* that it is now unable to attempt arolling, and
will be too happy to gain the port of Alesandi la. But
the plan of Mehmet Ali was not so ill laid as has been
supposed. He could not hope to obtain a decisive suc-
cess by open force, but he had recourse to secret in-
trigues. It is, in fact, only in this manner that Ipsara
fell for a moment into the power of the batharians. lx
is, then, nearly proved, that in the fit of rage uhich
seized Colocotroni after the triumph of his rivals,
that too guilty Greek had entered into a cop respond-
ence with the Mussulmen. He had promi-ed to intro-
duce them into the heart of the Morea ; but the skill
and courage of Canaris and Miaulis have baffled all these
machinations. The two Admirals equally worthy ..fthe
name of the modern Themistocles, have saved their corm.
,try. It is difficult to form an idea of the ardaiut of the
Greek crews on the one hand, and the despondency of
the Turkish seamen on the other. So many check have
struck them with terror. Several European Oifi, ers
who were present at the late naval actions, relate deeds
of Greek heroism, which would astonish the world if
they were the more known.

A new humiliation soon followed that which Ibrahim
Pacha met with on the 15th November, on the coast of
Candia. Terrified with the thought of being blockaded
for the whole winter in the bay of Macri, where he was
besides exposed to the danger of seeing his fleet burnt
altogether, the Egyptians took the' desperate resolution
to put to sea again in the night of the 24th Nov.
P.S. Letters from Constantinople of the 19th have
this moment arrived. They affirm, tha after this second
defeat, Ibrahim Pacha, with gteat precipitation and in
extreme disorder, took the course to Alexandria. The
victorious Greeks pursued him with equal activity.

The attention of the curiqus in Literature is requested
to the following list of Papers, which appear in the
Literary Gazette of the 22d instant (the fourth Number
for the present yeir), comprising a mass of novelty,
variety, and interest, which it can seldom be the good
'fortune of a periodical to combine in one public-tion.
An account of the newly-discovered ,edition of liantlet,
the earliest in existence, and unknown to all Com-
mentators, with extracts from the most striking pas•
sages, and a collation with known versions of the Play;
—t e First of a Series of Original Letters, by eminent
literary characters, drawn from authentic records, and
containing-1. John Greaves, the mathematician; ca-
rious account of the death of Cyril Lucas, the cele-
brated Patriarch of Alexandria, A.D. 1638.-2. John
Strype (of 1706); English editions of the Bible; Hints
on the Architectural Improvements of London, with an
Engraving of the proposed opening at St. Bride's
Church;—Poetry by L. E. L. author of the 'mot°.
visatrice. The Reviews embrace Count P. Gamba's
Narrative of the last events of the Life of Lord Byron;
Sas ings and Doings, second series; Sir W. Scott's Me-
mo.rs of Swift, Bage, and Cumberland, prefatory to
Ballantyne's Novels: Britton's Antiquities of Wells
Ca.heciral ; the Hermit in Italy, the Goad Nuti,r, Ste-
In other departments much originality w i.l be iound.
Arago on the Earth's temperature, Gardening Report
for the Month, Traditions of the Scottish Western
Highlands, Criticisms on the Fine Arts and Drama;
stranevd:pryticSerdolys,tabnlyper; A. Scams, 361 last
and many minor Miscellanies of Science, Anecdote.
for Country Circultke bye
Literati's*, and Amusement.
Chranugbeibiled,
Pat, price is.

-01!,

'o.4lll•Ppr-

r 1

•

• . -

~

0.
' ....

-~

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

Alliance Assurance
Do. Marine
Anglo Mexican Mines .
United Mexican ditto -
]teal del Monte ditto -
Brazilian ditto
(7olonihian ditto
Me dr la Plata ditto -
Buenos Ayres ditto -
Chilian ditto

•
pSATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1825.
THE FUNDS.
STOCK EXCHANOE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Coast& opened at 94* a for the Account, with scarcely anything
doing.

FOREIGN FUNDS.
The panic of yesterday, in the Foreign Market, has subsided, but
we have a rather heavy Market.
Curfew Price.; New Spanish 141 151, Ohl 201 21, Russian 961
97. Mexican 11111 1, Colombian New 90/ 91, French Scrip 141 15,
Austrian 91, Portuguese 901, Peruvian 84 85, Brazilian Scrip 161
pre. Greek 571, Gas i pre.
SIM RE'S.
- aCIOO •
100 •
100
-
400 -
100 -
100
100

PAID. PRICK TODAY.
£lO se 9 pre.
5 3 pre.
10 100
10
70
5

IS 19
56 57

35 36
16 18 pre

•
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
3 per Cent. Red. 94% Ve
$ per Cent. Cons. 9414 'A
Si per Cent. 101%
Si per Cent. Red. 101 Ik 101
4 per Cent. New 106% 106
Long Ann. 231/4 1-16 :Vs—lndia Bonds 98 100
Bills (11/2,d4 64 2.
4:500 ditto (11/2d.) 65 3
£lOO and £2OO ditto ('2d.) 62 ; (11(0463 3
Cons. for Acct. 9114 %

Frankfort Papers to the 15th inst. reached us this
forenoon, but, with the exception of some articles from
Greece, noticed elsewhere, they contain nothing of iistr
rest. Accounts from Stockholm notice the rumoured
causes of the CnowN PRINCE returning from Norway,
which are stated to be fabrications.

In the preceding page we have inserted some inte-
resting intelligence from Greece,derived from the French
Papers and private letters. We have also received
Frankfort Papers to the 16th inst. Florentine Gazettes
to the .sh, and a file of the Creek Journal, published at
Missolonghi, from the beginning of September to the
ad November, which throw additional light on the af-
fairs of Greece.
The Florentine Gazette of the 4th, gives accounts from
Missolonghi, of the middle of December, which say that
public rejoicings had taken place at Napoli di Romania,
in commemoration of the advantages gained over the
Ottoman fleet in the sea of Candia, and that transports
had arrived in that port, on board of which were some
Arabs, belonging to the regular Egyptian army, and
provisions. Some of the ships which had been separated
from theTu►kish fleet,wer e pursued as far as Alexandria,
and the Greek squadron had since returned to Hydra.
CONDURIOTTI was said to have recovered from his ill-
ness, and to have arrived at Napoli di Romania, with
many troops from the Islands and other parts of Greece,
to support the Government, and to check the discontent
which had been %hewn in some places, on account of
the late elections.
The Allgerneine Ztilung has an article from Odessa of
the 26th of December, referring to letters from Con-
stantinople of the 17th, in which are the following par-
ticulars :—Cor.eco•reoNt, influenced by foreign agents,
waited for the arrival of beams! PACIIA, to overthrow
the Central Government at Napeli di Rumania. His
enter prise failed, from his having commenced his ope-
rations too early : his son fell in an action against the'
troops of the Government. The Greeks affirm that the
dignity of Hospodar was promised to COLOCOTRONI, in
case the enterprise succeeded ; but it is inconceivable
that COLOCOTR'INI should not perceive that he would, in
that case, have become the victim of the perfidy of
Divan. Though the Peloponnesus, by the disconcert•
ing of these plots, has escaped the greatett danger that
has yet threatened it, the defection of COLOCOTRONI luny
under present circumstances, done great injury, in more,
respects than one, to the cause of the Greeks.
The Greek Journals allude, in terms of suitable tri-
umph and exultation,to the results of thelast campaign ;
and predict for the next, new glories to Greece, and
Enalrsuccess to the cause of the Cross. It is, therefore,
lamentable to learn from private accounts, that these
prospects have been for the moment overclousled, and
that the termination of the brilliant campaign against
the Infidel has been followed by a threatened " tug of
war" between Greek and Greek. That it should be
easier for the Greeks to conquer their barbarous op-
pressors than to controul the ambition and rapacity of
their own Chief:—to crush the power of Inft•lel domina-
tion than to establish national or der and civil freedom
led ruins of the social system which slavery
id—will surprisenobodywho knows the state
reflects on the principles of human nature.
►y, we find that COLOCOTRONI, and souse
Greek Chiefs, have shewn as great a dis•
resist the Greek Authorities as to revolt
'urkish. Last year we find him in open
inst the General Government of Greece.
rce of danger, and the persuasions of his
at friends, he was reconciled to it, and again
obedience. Bur no sooner are the new audio
led, than he resists their claims, demands
tion, or menaces rebellion. %l•he accounts
an and French Papers Gate, that, supported
,iderable party, he hal retired to Tr ipolizza.
the Executive Committee. There he is
,e lost his son, and at last to have submitted

, we are without any late arrivals from South
.et• everything tends to confirm the view we
Panama letter, detailing the defeat of BOLL-

on the shattere4
1 has left behind-
; of Greece, or r
--Accordingl)
1 Of the. other C
pqsition to re
agaiust the Tu
rebellion agail
; By-the preseni
', more pi ident
-i professed obe
. ,
• Titles, installer
their tlepositic
in the Germal
.
'kith a consid
•
• and resisted
'
. 11
itatc4l to have
Although 1
America, yet
;I took of the P
