LORD EXMOUTH'S VISIT TO ALGIERS.

Lord EXMOUTH passed the Rock of Lisbon on the
2d. No account has been received direct.frora his
Loril,hip of a later date. 'f be following letter from
an ()Meer, dated on board the WasP, April 19,
which relates to his Lordship's last Expedition to Al.
gierr, Contains some particulars which will not be
read without interest at the present mcment : 61 You
will already have been made acquainted with the in;
terference of our Government respecting the Christian
slaves, lase is bondage in the Bart ary States. It
appears, on the lonian Isles being ceded to us, that
it was determined on liberating such of the natives as
had fallen into the hands of the Moors, and that this
laudable resolution was folluwed by such other Powers
as were at war with Algiers, Tunis, and Tripoli, and
who had subjects prisoners in those States : as these
Powers, however, had not a naval force sufficient to
awe the pirates into a compliance with their demands,
they petitioned that we would treat for them. Lord
EXMOUTH* having assembled the whole of the fleet,
sailed from Mahon some time in the beginning of
this month, and arrived off Algiers on the 4th.—
On making the demand, the Div flew into a passion,
6 Could not think of such a thing; he was willing to
give up our's ; budwhat right had we to demand the
prisoners of other nations 1' Threats, however, had
the desired effect, and the slaves, to the number of
several hundreds, were given up. Still the thing is
not done as I could have wished ; for, except the na-
tives of the lonian Isles, a ransom to a large amount
has been given our each slave—thosc of Naples,
Sicily, &c. 1000 dollars, and for those of Sardinia
500. The situation of these unfortunate wretches
more than surpassed in misery the slaves of South
America, dot mentioning our West India Isles they
enjoy happiness, in comparison to the slaves of Bar-
bary. Condemned to perpttual toil, the most
scanty and worst of food (brown bread only, and
'a little oil), and •therwise suffering the most cruel
treatment which an infidel, actuated by religious
zeal and hatred, can inflict on a 6 Christian dog,'
their usual appellation when speaking of vs.—At
Tut,is the, same expedient was referred to, to
oblige the Bey to a compliance with our demand,
and yesterday we embarked about 800 more tinter.
tunates, some of whom had been in slavery 25 years.
It appeared that thoy formed some knowledge of the
interest that our Government were taking in their
favour; for, when we appeared, we were hailed as
their deliverers—Oh, John, bow proud was I of my
couatry !---‘ Live King George the Third l' (spoke
in half English) Good Eaglishmea'—was conti.
nually in their mouths; anid when unseen by their
oppressors, would endeavour to embrace the feet of
ill Officers whom they met. On the other band, the
Moors, feeling indignant.:or the part we had taken
Against *them, insulted us whenever they copld."

• iiIDRALTAR, ALTrUS2.' G.

!Within 'areal fee days we received intelligence of
the arrival of the rmperor of Morocco at Tangiers a
town Opposite the Ruck Gibraltar, on the African
coast; who, it appears, is On the best terms with the
Governor of this place, who has vnt his. Majesty, as
presents, two mortars and 100 shells. The. Enyeror
in return, has presented the Governor with a mule
and a very fine Arabian horse. Captain Marshall,
who conducted these complimentary matters, received
from the Emperor of Morocco 800 dollars for his
trouble and expense.
