;16 : -

" • •

ikeb
:N74ols4ioArs SEPTEMBER 19.

EXTRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER.
" Yon, as well as- all of us here, will be thankful
to PROVIDENCE for the manner in which the Ilrevolu-
tion has been accomplished, and the prospect held
osa-to us,, that the same peace and safety will con-
tinue. The 16th Regiment,-quartered at Val de Per-
-reira, set the example, beginning to form themselves
about three in the afternoon of the 15th inst. while
the Conde de Resende was with them on the part of
the Regency, endeavouring to soothe them and keep
them quiet ; but their resolution was formed, and,
much against his will at the time, they obliged the
Conde to head them, and to lead them' down to the
Rocio, to proclaim theeonstitution. They reached the
square about four, and in a quarter of an hour down
marched from the Castle the 10th • then came the
4th, from Campo d'Ourique, then the artillery from
the Caes dos Solvados, the cavalry from Alcantara ;
and, in short, before sunset both the Roo* and the
Praca were filled with troops, headed by their Offi-
cers., and in full marching order. No resistance of
any sort was made, and nothing was to be heard but
the repeated viva: of the soldiers and the people,
drunk, as one might say, with joy. The Regency
Halls were opened, and very shortly a new set of
Governors were named, as you will observe by the
Gatettes herewith., The troops waited on the ground.
till between ten and eleven at night, when they re-
ceived their orders, which they instantly obeyed, re-
tiring to their several quarters in the most perfect
regularity and peace. It was really astonishing to
see so great a change brought about, and so com-
pletely -free of all riot or disturbance. Not an angry
or insulting word was heard ; and the streets were
filled with well-dressed parties of both sexes, walking
about with the greatest freedom, and enjoying the
sight of the illumination, which was at once general,
unapprehensive of the slightest danger. The Volun-
teers of every description, and the Militia, all mus-
tered and shewed the same mind ; the Police Guards,
horse and foot, joined spontaneously in the common
cause. A guard of 50 men was sent to the houses
of each of the late Governors, for the purpose, it is
said, of protecting them from insult or violence; and
also, as may be supposed, to prevent them from
making their escape.
dt The 15th instant being the Anniversary of the
Restoration, it was considered as propitious for put-
ting such a design into execution, and so it has proved
to be. On Sunday afternoon, the 17th, the whole
of the troops in the city and district passed in review
before the new Governors, who appeared at the bal-
cony of the Regency Hall windows ; the oath of elle-
glance was taken by the several Officers, and a few
de joie given by the castle and troops in honour of
the occasion. The crowd was immense, and the en-
thusiasm of the people and soldiery great beyond
description. Some of the Officers were carried on
the shoulders of the men round their Regiments ;
others bad their caps raised on the top of the Ser-
jeants' halberts, in honourable distinction; and, in
short, every demonstration of the most heartfelt joy
that a people freed from slavery could testify. There
have been general illuminations every night ; the
Theatres crowded; the performers called on to sing
the national and constitutional hymns, composed for
the occasion ; between the acts patriotic verses were
read from the pit and boxes ; then the national hymn
sung again by the Ladies in the boxes, and, in short,
such a spirit of delight shewn as has never been
ocssed here before."
