NEAPOLITAN LOAN.

The Half:yearly Dividend on the above Loan, falling due on
Thursday, the lst of July next, will be paid by Mr. N. M. limns-
cotta, on such Bonds as have been negotiated by hint. The Divi-
dend Warrants, with a List thereof, in numerical order, must be
left one day previous, for examination.

PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 238% 237%
3 per Ct. Reduced 94 937/8-3i per Cts. 1011005
4 per Cents. Old 10078—Bank Long Ann:. 22 y 8
India Bonds 76 78
Exchequer Hills (EI,000) 33 30 38 29
Consols for Acct. 95% 95 Vs,

Mr. BE(SUGHAM'S Motion, in the case of Mr. Smart,
the Missionary, which had been adjourned from the Ist
instant, was resumed last night in the House of Com-
mons, and gave rise to a full and animated discussion.
It will be recollected that the Honourable Member
moved an Address to his MAJESTY, declaring, that
in consequence of the trial and condemnation of
Mr. SMITH, the House contemplated " with serious
and deep sorrow the •iolation of law and justice" in
these proceedings, and praying his MAJESTY to adopt
such measures as may seem meet, " for such a just and
humane administration of law in that Colony, as may
protect the voluntary instruction of the Negroes, as weli
as the rest of his MAJESTY'S subjects from oppression."
The motion, on the former evening, was opposed,
in an able, luminous, and temperate speech) by Mr. Wit.

terr-Iforrox, as well as by Mr. SCA kLETT, on' groutitrs
by no means so cogent. The discussion was last night
commenced by Dr. LUSHINGTON, who analyzed the evi-
dence on the trial with much legal ability, contending,
with much earnestness, that neither treason, nor mis-
r ison of treason, had been proved against Mr. Sartre.
The Honourable and Learned Gentleman was followed
by Mr. Tirana LL, v.lia contended for the legality of
the Court by which Mr. SMITH wa's tried, and' the im-
propriety of the House condemning the Magisrrates of
Demerara, at a distance and unheard. The Learned'
Member al,o• observed,- that the punishment which
had been awarder,' by the Court-martial, was the punish-
ment which legally attached to the crime that was
charged against Mt. SMITH', as the law of Holland,
which was the law that was adopted in Demat ara,atffired
the punishment of death, atlopting the principle of the
Roman law„ to the crime of concealment of treason.
—Mr. J. WiLLIAM'S' suppoired. the motion, and the
ATTORNEY-GENERAL opposed it, when Mr. Wmann-
',mica rose, and in a speech which reminded the Muse-
of his former eloquent orations-connected with the Ab-
ject of slavery, reprobated in sting terms an act which
be deemed an outrage against ieliition and humanity.
But the most important speech was that of Mr. Secre-
taryCasr NlNG,bill:e it contained avowals which ninst con-
vince the Colonists, that although his Majesty's Govern-
ment has refused to give its.sat'ction to a motion which
had for its object a direct censure on a Court-martial,
yet that the system formed for ameliorating the condi-
tion of negro slaves will not be relinquished. Alluding
to an observation of Mr. WILRERrORCE, that the non-
condemnation of the Court-martial would indicate
that Government would stop religious ir.struction,
the Right Honourable SECRETARY said," If I thought
with my Honourable Friend, that by so doing,
we should leave the Colonists to imagine that Go:
vernment had given up the wish to afford religious in-
struttion tb the Negroes—that they subscribed to the
monstrous doctrine of the Colonists, which would shut
out the light of reason and revelation, I would rather
commit an act of injustice to the Court-martial, than
hazard the conscqueace, or incur the disgrace of such
an interpretation."
This declaration, which was received with loud cheers
by the House, must be highly gratifying even to the
most ardent enthusiast of the Missionary cause, and
appeared to have so much weight with the House, that
on proceeding to a division on the Motion of Mr.
BROUGHASI, it was lost by a majority of 193 to If&

By the German Mail, which arrived this morning, we
have received Frankfurt and other Papers to the 6th
instant. The Swabian Mercury contains a letter from
a Saxon merchant' in London, who, burning with
patriotism for the commercial interests of his country,
states, that they are threatened by the formation of two
companies in London for encouraging the breeding of
sheep in New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land ;
that agents are already in Germany and Spain to pur-
chase 40,000 or 60,000 sheep ; that ships are hired to
transport them to the Colonies ; and that it is intended
to keep all this a secret in Germany ! Woe to this tell-
tale Saxon, for betraying so important a secret.

The French Papers of Wednesday have reached 115.
The dismissal of M. de CUATEAUERIAND is still the,
chief subject on which they dwell, but not one of
them ventures on naming his successor, though there
are four persons talked of. The Journal des Debats,
the organ of the Ex-Minister, is quite indignant at this
step, and threatens those who had the" inconceivable
pride" and " piofound ignorance" to advise the Royal
ordonnance, with the power of its patron.
The Journal de Paris, on the contrary, lauds " the
august wisdom that governs Fiance with so glorious
and fi:m a hand," and congratulates its readers on " an
ascendancy so consistent with the interests of France
and the constitutional monaichy," as the triumph of
M: de VILLEr.c.

The Quotidientre has suspended its lamentations. The
Constitutionne/ diverts itself at the expense of both
patties; nut " seeing very clearly what Liberty can
lose by the disgrace of CIIATEAUBRIAND, or what she
can gain by the continuance of his rival in office."
The B:1I for extending the duration of the Chamber
of Deputies to seven years instead of five, and renew-
ing it integrally instead of by fifths, has passed that
Chamber by a majority of 292 to 87 votes. As the
Peers have already given it their assent, it only now
awaits the Royal sanction to become a law.

We learn, by private letters from Paris, that the
French rentes still continue to fail, in consequence of
the incertitude as to the successor of M. de Citattatt-
BRI ND. Wo also learn, that in consequence of the re-
jection of the financial measure for reducing the interest
of the Yrench reHte.t. Messrs. BARING, Itomscititti, and
Itsvrstit, who had contracted for carrying the plan into
effect, will incur some loss, to the extent of 20,000/. it
is said. They had neatly four Millions stealing in
Paris ready for the operation Of the measure had it
been carried, which they had drawn from several con.
tinental Banks, at come disadvantage ; and this money
will now have to be remitted.

The Duke of YORK visited the KING yesterday.
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE ll.—The ROYAL SOVEItLIGN
yacht, with his Royal Highness the Duke of CLARENCE 411 board,
left Plymouth last Friday, in cornr any with the REDWING and BA.
: the squadron anchored in Chiswell Cove, Portland, on Sa-
turday evening, sailed again on Sunday morning, and anchored at
Spitbead on Tbesday. The. Port Admiral (5k G. NlawitN) had
the honour of dining with his Royal Highness on Tuesday : on the
following day the Duke visited the Fm.mourn mortar vessel ar Spit-
head, about to proceed off Algiers, and in the evening gave a din-
ner to the Officers of distinction at the port, and to most of tilt
Captains. His Royal Highness did not land during his stay at Spit-
head, and the yacht sailed on Thursday morning, to the eastward.
The Archduchess MARIA Loutsit of Parma, arrived
at Naples from Leghorn, on the 17th of May, and was conducted
by the Kuna tO the PalaCe assigned for her residence.
It is said among the haul ton that the Honourable
colonel HENRY very shortly lead to the hymeneal altar
the amiable Lady Sesati Emir, secopd daughter of the Earl and
Countess Sr. Gmotams.
