pursued by the Hon. Mem*, wet irreplar,
as there was no snotibn before the kkorie•
Mr. HART DAVIS theft said he would
"'that the pries .44 Peres Newspaper be
to 'the Bar 'Ol tlVirsuse.
qolonel DeWS said, that, in reference to
46.1$140bilesdieittpd to him, he'was ready to admit
elastseslisetissions in which these expressions wV
phrredio have seen uttered, he (Col. D.) had
•Under considerable excitement--an excitement
pally created by the very irregular male of rem,
rotted to by the Hon. Member himself, who referred
many sopies totally foreign to the subject ender
coesiderstioo of the House:—(Hear, hear).
retied. however. If any expressions drat may
escaped him. in-the warmth of debate, should have
painfurto the feelings of the Hon. Member—V
Ht hoped that • this explanation might be satisfactory
find conclusive on the subject--(Hear.)
•Mr. HART DAVIS expressed himself satisfied eritt)
'the explanation of the Gallaot Member, and withastMl
the Motion he had justaubmitteil. 1
The SPEAKER observed, that there was no smell-
the breaches of the privilege of the House that it wee
smsse difficult to restrain than that breach which oes•
dotted through strangers communicating to others
•iistnit took place in that House. It frequently led to
tie misinterpretation of what really did take place; and
:* what was really said, and grove rise to misrepresent*
Oasis and misunderstandings which werebighly incest
lenient.
Lord LOWTHER presented. a Petition frelurisk
powners of Whitehaven, c,mplaining of thiPelimbh4
nice of the Navigation Laws, and the want otedirtyaute
•c!inietection to the Shipping Interest.
• -•Mr. CURWEN supported the Petition. He thought
some protection must be given to the Shipowners,
sipmially with reference to the timbeitrade of Canada.
Mr. WARBURTON thought it impossible for Go.
..irsvainent to give the protection demanded by the Ship.
*Weirs for the present season, so that ships might be
fitted out for Canada to take cargoes of timber, with
• -advantage to the owners. Thetver-trading in timber
-hst'year nod the year before was such, that timber now
• .`brought here could not repay the merchant. Who
I.' weld charter ships for such a trade when the ports
• • 'iota full of timber already ? It was a delusion to
suppose that Government could give any assistance,
• where the distress was occasioned by' the over-trading
• of the merchants and shipowners themselves.
Mr. HEATHCOTE asked if Sweden had not an ex-
' elusive privilege respecting the importation of salt and
• hemp in her own vessels? He understood she had.
Mr. CHARLES GRANT observed, that as the Hon.
Member had alluded to the exclusion on the part of
Sweden of British vessels conveying salt, he would beg
to observe, that one of the laws of Sweden precluded all
vessels but their own from conveying salt, hemp, and
• -various other articles; therefart, in the treaty alluded
to, what the Hon. Member bad termed an exclusion,
was rather a concession.

- Mr. CALCRAF P was most ansions that this ques-
-. tinn should be fully discussed, and he therefore put it
. eishis H re. and Gallant Friend, the Member for Liver-
pool, whether it would not be more proper to postpone
• the discussion of this queition until after the Enter re-
cess? at the same time he would observe, that on a
f• ormer occasion, parties had been taken by surprise by
• the sudden ptoduction of documents of great import-
ance, that never were heard of until she 'moment of
their production, and he therefore hoped that the Right
, Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Wynn) would give an
'irpportunity. in case. the discussion was postponed, for
parties to inspect those documents, so that they might
sot come unprepared upon such discussion.
Mr. WYNN said that upon the very account the
Hon. Member had alluded to, that he was anxious the
• -aminideration of the subject should be postponed until
• .40mEaster, because he was certain that there was not
" illikitst time to get the documents printed and circu-
.•!llMerlo so as to be perused by the time the question was
toed for discussion.
. Mr. LIT ILETON said, that being the Repre enta-
titre of a large mannfacturing county, he had waited
upon the Presi.:ent of the Board of Trade, who was
also one of the kept esentatives of the town which the
Bon. and Gallant Member also represented (Liverpool),
and the Right Hon. Gentleman bad expressed his de-
termination to be present, if possible, notwithstanding
the state of his health.
'• . Me. Ns CALVER,T wished the question to be post-
' ' fumed, in order to secure the attendance of the Right.
• floe. Gentleman the President of the Board of Trade.
General GASCOYNE observed, that it was in con-
-; -sequence of a representation from the Chancellor of the
• Exchequer, who had accused him of tardiness, that he
• had been induced to press this mater forward. and he
had in consequence detained a number of shipowners
• and others to town to wait the decision of the House—
but if it was the wish of the House that the question
should be adjourned until after the recess, he would
, upon t:is, as upon all other occasions, submit to that
wish—(Heats, hear); for he could assure the House, that
• he should be equally reluctant to bring this question
forward in the absence of his Right Hon. Colleague, as
he would be to betray the interests of his constituents,
thetefore he would, under the understanding that
• au early day would be named after the recess, postpone
. the discussion.
• Mr. W ALLACE denied that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer had taunted the Hon. and Gallant Member,
• or that a Committee in May would be too late for prac-
tical purposes. His Right Hon. Friend merely observed
that he would state the intentions of Government on
Thursday, in case the President of the Board of Trade,
who would not be able to attend before, was too indis-
• posed to take his place on that evening.
The Petition was laid on the table, and the discus•
sine- filed for the Ist of May.
ROBHOVSE postponed presenting the County Fire Office
. Petition to the Ack of April.
Sir G. NOEL presented a Petition from a place in Rutland-
s• hire, against the Catholic Claims.
Sir J. NI AR WEL L presented a Petition from a Society in Ren.
frewshire, for means to emigrate.--Referred to the Committee on
linugration.
Die, J. NIOORE moved for several returns of the quantity of
apititi di.tilled in Ireland, malt used, duty paid, Ste. in the year
ots.--Ordered.-
i Mr. GORDON, presented a Petition from Aberdeen, against
the propossd alteration ist the Corn Laws. 1
Mr. M ACC/KEEN prewoted a similar Petition from the county
Redford:—Ordered to be printed.
• Sir .1.-NRWPORT presented a Petition from the Millers of the
• reenalika of Meath and Louth, in Ireland, for protection against the
ion of Foreigners —Ordered to be printed.
motion of
Hon. Member then moved for Returns of the Pro.
cludisgs of the Board of Education, in reference to the School of '
Rellenhube, in Irtlind.—Ordered.
nartaseass FOIL 111131 T.

Ur ROBSRT WILSON brought in hie Bill to extend the
provision d the Act of 37 Geo. 3, c. 93, relative to Distresses for

.s I
Jaitsiag
this force ouithruot to be continued in those parts of dm
country where there was no tendency to insitrwrotimr4
and where thetefore it was of no earthly use. ,
' Mr. GiraILBURN was desirous to afford the *able
Lord every information which he could crimnsuaiciste tsq
the subject. The. questfon of the Noble, Lord Witiq
whether the Constabulary Force was to discharge civil
duties, which he (Mr: Gsrelburn) conceived did not cowl
within the. purpose for which 'they' weie appointed;
Which, he conceived, was limited to the pretervilion
.:be public peace. •No ..doubt much. inconvenieace had
been experienced in consequence of this *lse not being
,Ible to Ohey the orders bf the • Magistrates-at 'bet feel
Aessions us siyikirig: levies, 4cc. , Applfsativ,hpil ,been
Made to the Trish GoyerOmeru' on thatsulsject t•
.and itj
awnsequence the let.l,l).entenant had Uinta orders the'
certain contlattles should always attend the Petty Ses-
'lions. No alteration of tire law was, however, in con-.
templaticm,
csuartat Caws.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that I. eonsideriny the nth pot 41s.
ailing the Criminal Laws, he would wish to avail himself of the•
assistance of many Professional Gentlemen. and it was setemety
fix a period of discussion when they would net he s,a the Circuit '
He should theeefeee he 01"1 Monday, 7th May, for the &mom
of the four Bills,by which** purposed to effect the Amendment of
the Cristiana tars.

• Tuveer uvasenoc.
' desteriAVASCOYNK,aaid, that is the date of his 'nation re-
spet4iiig the Trade of Liao-pool had been omitted in the entry, be
wished it to be understood' that it stood over to the WM of May.

Mill TOM= LIMN
Sir JOHN NEWPORT moved fora Reiter° at the Ifanses of
Parsons placed on the Pension List of !Maud daring the years
1792,1793, and 1794,(Opecifying the antonat of the sums granted to
each, and the date of ifoousseaccluest of each Possion.--Orderod

to be produced.
Linton up esermaa&
Upon several Members applying few leave of ahr:enee.
Mr.SecretaryPENLaaid,he apprehended that great diet-pity would
arise in forming Committees. Irma the number of Members that
'lad already served. liethetight that mese very good excuse ought
to be alleged for asking leave of absence under the cirenusetances is
which the Mouse stood, otberwise there would be so alternative
but that of pressing those AO serve who bad already served upon
Committees."
eatinrue esismes. •
Sir T.'ACLAND presented a Podia hem Plyineeth in favour
of the Cabo* Claims. The Has. stated the Petition
Ito be reireetaisty, though Met se taps 4, aid that he cos-
awed bearilly in the prayer of it.
ItitAVLTVSII.
Mr. C. W. WYNN mewed the calling over She names of the
Defauttees at the Balms of Thursday: The ladle@ were accord-
ingly called over= several Members were teemed, lind•efben were
ordered to appear as Tuesday or Thursday next.

CHANCERY HILL

1 he '4 ASTE.R of the ROLLO perstposed the further
coabicieratios ot.the Report ppm Ow Chancery 11111 till
Friday trate

Mr. ABERCROMBY expressed' his astonishmea. t.
'that the Right Hon. Gentleman should evince a dispo:
sition to hurry the Rill through. the Home, When 'he
must very well know that ihe greater part of the Hun.
Memben who were connected with the law trete of
necessity absent nn 0: elk. He hoped that the further
consideranion of the Bill would be postponed until after
I aster Holidays.
it
MASTER of the ROLLS. said, it appeared to
him at the House was then fully capable of discussing
the tnetitsof the Bill, for although many of the Hon.
Members connected with the law were abse.it on Cir-
cuit. vveral were not. Besides there was another con-
sideration which induced him to object to delay. If
the Bill did not pass that House until May, in a.I pro-
bability it would not get 'through the other House
this Session.
Mr. ABERCROMBY penisted In wishing for delay..
The MASTER of the ROLLS stated, that although
he was cot at all satisfied that ample time had no: been
allowed for all parties interested throughout the coun-
"try to become acquainted with the meths of the Bill,
stillfie would not longer resist the application of hit
Hon. and Learned Friend (Mr. Alstrcromby). He had
but one object, and that was to render the Bill as per:
feet as possible. Ile did not, therefore, wish to avoid
discussion, on the contrary, he had gone out of his way,
to get the Bill printed earlier than usual, so that all
parties interested might be able to question it. provi-
sions. The Right Hun. Gentleman then postponed the
'further consideration of the Reptirt untir an early day
after the holidays.; but he trusted, should:here npt be
sufficient time for the Bill to go through the other
House, that he should not be condemned to censure.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT said, that there was no fear
of any impediments being thrown its the way in the
Upper House, for it was well known that the Noble
Load who presided hadsalready approved of it.
After a few words from Mr. M. A. Tavtoa,the Re.
port was ordered to be taken into further consideration
on Friday, May 4. • .

BOROUGH 01 raw ainr.—,roux STA NIURY.

The SPEAKER 'begged to inform the House that
the Sergeant had taken into his custody John Stanbury,
according to the Order of the House.
At the request of Mr. WINS. the Order for an Address to his
Majesty, praying him to issue his Royal Proclamation for the ap-
prehension antis person, was read.
Mr. W. WYNN then moved that the said Orderbe discharged.
—Ordered.

The same Right Honourable Member moved that John Stan.
bury having abscended, in order to avoid the service of a $4161113069
issued by order of that House, be committed to his Majesty's gala
of Newgate, and chat thr Speaker do bare his warrant for that
purpose.
Mr. HUME suggested the propriety of calling the
individual in custody to the bar: he might have some
valid excuse to offer. It would be harsh to commit him
without affording him the opportunity of being heard.

Mr. W. WYNN said ihrithe order to take him into
cusody had beeh published all over the country among
the other orders of the House: is was impossible there-
fore to ascribe the conduct he pursued to anything but
an intention to evade the authority of the Hr use. The
Right Hon. Gentleman referred to a similar caae, in
which the course be now proposed had hams adopted.
Mr. HUME observed, that the evidesee vpon'whieh ,

1 deed offensive to the Hoee. It he had articled, he was eztreasely
' sorry, and trusted the BOWS would receive hit apology.
Mn W YNN raid. that he would sow suggest to the Brute the
propriety Of pot proceeding further. ibaneigh bad perhaps been
dose, to vindicate their privileges, sod to convince all persons that
the House would protect every one attending there as a withers. Ho
skald therefore move that Mr. Wreaeb
be disefitargod froth rap
fOrther attendance upon the House.—Apeed to.
... • .COON TRADE ACTS 1111;DRT.
.... Mr. C. GRANT moved the Order of ate Pit* *I
'slag this Report.
Lord ALTHORP wishedto correct
tlkat had appeared in one of the public
isaid in relation to hi. constituents'
red ~lie was represented io heye
Mors at the market of Nottingham 1
,p?rpose of petitioning agstia.t the tneasui
lostain
iisi4 that they egpresthcl their satisfaction
`Jursued by Ministers. •
Mr. DENISON Wished to know
. •

the averages should betaken, whether
Vhaehester ?
Mr. C. GRANT replied, that according to the..
ing I .w, the avet ages wete taken in Winchester owe-
sur_ ,e and the p.eseot measure did not at all interfere
with thatlaw.
Mr. DENISON.—Then I am to understand, by'tbe
',sitting law the averages must be taken in the Win-
measure, while our buying% and selling% are
made in the Impel 41 measure ?
Mr. Co GRANT—Yes..
Mr. P. THOMPSON urged the expediency of guard.
Mg against the inconveniences of having two standards,
though the price difference was immaterial.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,

the alteration, if it took place at all, must be effected
in a Committee; •it could not be taken =in the present
stage of the 8.11. He denied that the inconveniences
hadarisen. which Gentlemen thought, in consequence
of having recourse to the Imperial measure. Much
more confusion would exist, in having recourse to the
pt.:To:him, of How. Gentlemen.
Mr. CA LCRAFT- admitted that the inconvenience
would not be felt in the foreign trade; but certainly the
inconvenience would be severely felt in the hitime trade.'
With respect to taking the averages, he was of opinion
that the course proposed was best. His Majesty's Mi
nisters, he thought, had committed themselves by re-
turning to the old system. He was decidedly in favour
of the Winchester measure. The country never could
flourish with two measures-•-one standing measure must
be adhered to.

Sir "Q. CLERK was decidedly in favour of die new
measure-. By .referring to the old illtielarej in the
Eschequer, it was found that the old Winchester meas.
lure °ME hildll'qn4i.its.. Whereas it our). t.toharte'held
ISt. itdv.iptages of the Iniperial tpeasure to all
classes asotiry were therefore highly ,istrportant. The
alteratioi in the corn-measures was not the only valua•
ble one thli had been eff-cted, for the House would find
that many measures' under the Revenue Laws had been
altered for the. peculiar benefit of his Msjesty's subjects.

Mr. D. GICBERT said, it was a. fact that they
found all the measures in the Exchequer different
from each other. He was sere that the adoption of
the imperial. measure would prove a proper standard,
and pretreat those impositions upixt weaker persons
which had hitherto taken place. He bnped that hill

Majesty's Ministers would therefore establish a unit(
line of conduet, and prevent themselves from be

I roads the scorn of surrounding nations, which would
be the ca•e when they reflected that England had spent
upwards of 150,0001. by sending to different States for
I the purpose of establish►ng the new imperial measure.
Mr. WARBUR•ION spoke in favour of the new
measure, and the imperative necessity which was appa-
rent for uniformity. It mattered • not whether the
country had this or that measure, but whichever was
adopted ought to be adhered to.
Mr. C. GRANT said, the practical inconvenience
was not• so great as many Hon. Gentlemin imagined.
He thought the measure would be better, did it remain
'irs it was. •

Lord ALTHORP said, it was highly important that
the measures should be assimilated.
Mr. BARING contended, that the alteration which.
had been suggested could not be effected without com-
pletely altering the position of the Act. The duty had
been fixed on grain admitted b 7 the Winchester bushel,
sad it would be perfectly tidicslosis to import cora at'
one measure and sell it by asoiher..
Afar a few workfroat Sie Jews Siseesimilllr hoteWserestettr.
Dlr. Moore, the Csorreitcaoa of the ilizerooposa. cad sows& ot►er
*sabers, it appealing to be the wish ot the !pees, the Report wee
tree& op,'ood ordered to be reematittitted on Mosey neat.

THE AENUAL DUTIES BILL.

The Order of the . Day being snowed, the House re.
solved itself into a Committee on the Annual Du-
ties Bill, -

Mr. W. WHITMORE said he win utterly at a loss
to conceive why a higher duty should be laid on sugar
imported from the East Indies than on sugar imported
from the West Indies. He knew there was ad excep-
tion on forvour of sugar imported from the Mauritius,
which was admitted at the same duty is West India
sugar; and, to his astonishment, the reason assigned for
that exception was—that sugar from the Mauritius was
the produce of slave labour, thus giving an actual
bounty on slavery. He condemned the geueral policy
of this measure.

Hr. HUME was *plum mixing up the Safe question with the
subject. He thought slam before his Hon. Prised time forward
with say proposition, beshould be fully prepared to thew that the
Woe Indian sugar could be put on a footing with the East Indian.
Sr. HERMES said, the bounties wets not so high as the Hee.
Oesulemsa haaglaed. An Am wis passed in the last year which
repealed them more than ouo.half.—( Hear, hear). I'
Mr. SYKES said, it was the they of the country to take care of
the Interests et their Colonies. It was a fact, that there was not ,
sa article transmitted from the East or West Ludic% but which I
was so loaded with duty, that •It was almost in vain to impart.
Other articles otmesmodky besides sugar were wrapped up in the
loathe. °Mae te the dates. a market was loe to them el mi.
ward. ef twenty gailbsas.ot people.
, Hr. ROBERTSON as being coneected with the *est Indies,

ANNUAL 1

Oa tintimaloa that the noise resolve itself ids
Cainmktie esta the Anaaal Indemnity Bill,
Mr. IN, SMITH oh ersed, that this Bill had b es the
intim
.ingiining tonstartahle iniiisttce; it ins the
stalking horse of the Corporation and Test Acts, sad
bat for it-those Acts could not have Isstrd s long.
Mr. D. W. HA Et vior Iry natAnkprniAbia than whowenw
an Calpfihrilpilltider lbete

4*

relisheas liberty,
to the egad dherlhodea et take' ad asplonones sessapt tie
aseeuhin of the two religion, if shay were fond to pans Ot
wog moral quallicstiours. His Mom Friend ((if he mgio be M.
lowed to call Mtn re) the Hearn for Southwark,hogsivea •
strange Tenni fir the removal of then Acts, whoa kr miaow
the modem of the Dissenters, by taus polNilibi Isllsourof do
Catholics, deserved that they shondllsidlAmialimillitrillldlt thir
.owa Ovation. The present =101,01.18
as tasexpeeted occasioo, without dab s-
ported to go hito the queens warder
S•r R. WILSON said, that the essidalisAmit Woo Ildionlo
right boss.: the Llissanare had mot pridio4issoushodbi hot
the great body of the Illesenters is "pin priodog Calms
Ratandpadoo—cooduet that was sant aagenereas es thr put si
the Uneaten. •
Mr. VAN HOHRIGH spalbe is favour of the laysky cd the
ROM= Cathleen; declared dim their claims were just i led that K
be were a Roman Catholic, he would sever he sedelled..{A
The Big eveatully west throogh a Oreamittee, and tht L-put
was ordered to be received on Ideudey.

SUPPLY.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that in moving the postponement of the Committee of
Supply to Monday, he wished to state that it was not
his intention to move for any farther supplies before the
holidays, excepting a certain sum for the Civil Cona-
gencies on account; not the whole amount for which
the Estimate had been made eta, but for a sum on ac•
count, 'without which the public services could not go
on. He thought it would be improper to call 'spathe
House for further Supplies before he had etpla.ned the
state .of the Finances of the coudtry.
Lord J. RUSSEL asked, when she Right it's. Gm.
tlernan intended to make his Financial statement?

milli

I i
.►

Ii

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER aid
he could not do.that beforwthe holidays wither. Flom
the particular circumstances arising out of the 1141 e of
the country with regard to i'oettsgal, be had not been
able to make his statement at an earlier pet lad ; be.
cause,-until he knew the extent of increased expense
that would arise, and also the extent of the means br
which it was to be met, he could not go folly, fairly,
and honestly into the subject. It would hare been a
gross delusion on his part, if be
.bad attempted to say
what would have been the required expense.
Mr. HUME rose to say, that while the. statement
was delayed, the R;ght Hon. Gentleman was cootissiag
a gross fraud and delusion upon the public, by keepiag
up the /finking Fund, and being obliged to *row
money to meet the expenditure.—He saw that Lek-
quer Bills had been issued, and be hoped that the Right
Hon. Gentleman had not been dabbling at the Bank of
England, although from what had recently takes place
there, be was not without his suspicious. The Right Hon.
Gentleman had been obliged to borrow eight millions
last year, to support the two millions of the Sinking
Fond; and if he did not take cate; be would go on
. borrowing without a single shilling to pay with, ma be
eight millions in debt before the holidays—(l laugh.)
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
be supposed the Honourable Member alluded to elm
paned yesterday at a Meeting of the Bank Director,
of which he knew noticing, and where's* indWiallel
was authorized by him to my bete word.
Mr. HUME said, that as the Right Hisooersble
Gentleman bad candidly declared his wish to practise
no delusion upon the public, be bad thought it right to
point out to him where a Mesita was now going on.

r'=~

:§lll

"t!1
,~

' el
- el

SPRING GLTIM
Mr. TENNYSON rem to move the committal of tin
Bill for regelating the -use of Spring Guns. He gig
that the more he refitcted upon the subject, chit
he was astonished. that in a country *
dente-was so perfect, such • a preetite inbr
which the Bill was directed, should prevail.
these deadly instruments, were set, it was impale'
say who would be their victims; and the inmost es
often suffered from them as the guilty.
Sir J. SHELLEY opposed the motion. The objets
of the Bill was to print Gentlemen from protettist
their woods and plantations by the use of spring gash
which were known to be tbe moat useful and effectual
protection they could use.
I The Marquis of BL A NDFORD expressed his regret,
that'the first thee of his addressing the House should
be on so unpopular a subject. He was quite sure that
if the proposed measure were passed. those wawderons
conflicts between poachers and keepers, of which so
much had lately been beard,would be greatly inn coed.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that upon the principle of
the measure it was quite clear there could be no objec-
tion to it. but not so as to its practical effects. He saw,
that in all probability it would lead to an increase of
those attempts ppon property which, being resisted, led
to such sanguinary conflicts and lamentable. results,—
He thought it was not for the House to take any mea-
sure upon its theory alone, without looking at its probs•
ble effect in practice; yet he would not be too reedy to
sacrifice principle to apparent difficulties of that nature,
as he should shew by his vote.
Mr. HEATHCOTE said that he agreed with the
premises laid down by the Right Honourable Secrete,

.

• r

j

' 4
4

F `'
~~

..r on tile tame .I . , . . . ordered thou - ...
ry . ... •le liffinald state that impt wai tho oily article by *Mat tgd
worts ha:influence" dime Hoe.
• e.
pursued by the Hon. Mem*, wet. irregular, Rent. Met a et
and absinths Beth , . ea'
.. .." e . , . prise- -The ~ .............„
...,.... rtiOldc
rixes.especagamat to resibuthr
sai.
ni:twUpserebsose
- artProduttiee.
as there was no *mites before the *gm • . Han. •
no i -*stri"- •t, • ensAisreestit: .. r . '.' '-‘" 0 • Iv- ' s•-• • . , N..• . He trusted that when the spastics Wife terse help;
Mr. HART DAVIS theft said he would m• 'w jar anseent e',•.to no . .• . Slit ISPEAKE Ai '•.it • . ~,e'llio eibuninsiki tho claims of tack woield.he eqsalited Co tens, sgiatata
" That the printemelnaaj Pities Newspaper be call pi :. • Cr,.mrs, Las, e n1y.... .
a Fftench - 'ir ~ t t 1., ;•• . . liansmaky:
tO *the Bar `of the House. 10 . a . ,
s'ntnr:,,, ''•• • Cogs t• . il answer tp• '• nt bid . ll' Mr. We Sit ITH thought that the Man witch his tlesataah
le
'....1 qolonel DA WS said, that, in reference to the IP t •• •' , :WYNN - ' tLt •. -. • /or bar. Friend (Mr. Whitton's) intended to •° sebisonewn -
-atobeeketstessa,elttsiDuitpd to him, he•was ready to admit that, bar ot. by hdr. . ca. and . . . • • . bet e best. Whim that Hoomithhe brag* forward 91.
.. _ _
_, MOW ilirldarelooll 111 which these expressioas were M. -.---• conorssucanit Fonda. . The kilinkandewelks tilkliterta.:llll. -.........• ' bil4"-...-W. bledrirJ'ilreddiberefeeld if' Pre kin kis
- phrtect to have seen uttered, he (Col. D.) had spoken Homo
Lisa CASTLEREAGiI,. seeing the Eight Mom Lir: tr.zi.its . w wad cradreld resod by a,.., taddds !VI: N. PALLMBR tethuthet, tillj :thee iiew, -t,e-atbrwi .
• tinder considerablis excitement--an excitement putsch Sects:our for Ireland .a' hit place, 'tithed to take the bitibidia mai oda Hadd. Too auguirso saasaaiar-ca haw *be latioduced the sib' bad promdand ais diem_ ,den •-a
Ni meilloil. He (Mes Issdhuser)siaagg tasa hale beldifthr
opportunity tunity of puttingonuuestion -to him on a subject u Tus twee op ethmenothoe to mein upanibthaohTs CIF Ha osimignsghsotalbitee heesdesimigb wed*, se. wd "a
%Oct
pally created by the very irregular mode of rem ok_reo-
rotted to Ity the Hon. Member himself, who referred t whkh was exceedingly interesting, at least to the North , Aeie sod* if beittatiela Sethi poet at Mr. Meath.
pro, ~_,,1,,5s
Tyr.uce
HU ras observed, that the Gem at me bar had 0 ddek aksidekdraara_ add heeed_ • 14: Z..../7.l,lrwight..__ doe
• teeny topics totally foreign to the subject under the of Ireland. Was in ike intention of. his Majesty's
bably understood what' the Spealtir lad addressed to Mem It 'a" " ----' ------'•••-• - '' lase
. ; cessideratiim of the House:-(Hear, hear)• He re' Government to makelisy alteration in the Constabulary
gnat likely did be had date Acre with the bayreadtat that eggs it a Omit onatiess. howbeit! telecom:ass Meuse dlleemets ..
retied. however. If any expressions that may have FOree, so as to /slice it under the jurisdiction of the Ma- 3,,, moot pe wee* upon, to answer Onion guns as to the =am ikkilihrnwe'w daedreatee= ir i s smut at
. , ped him isethe warmth of debate, should have been gistrmes ? It was hardly necessary for him to say that facts, and was unprepared tamale, a general linemstic. . weterial dot
TWA -Mt be led ■shay by fake mom, The • ':.,..„1
Is spoke in a low and tremulousness/. very Hole tint relSlikt likeilka
painfulao the feelings of the Hon: Member-(Hear). at present they could not act, except in criminal cases I
he"sati.diFfrereacTsed She allery ; be wet usliberstried, hoirever, to say: ~,i „,0_e1aL1e1na,„4„...k„,„„„.,." a e.sdenwebewriews, egihsl„,,..e/M ef the west, tail nitt
He hoped that • this explanatien,maght be satisfactory and he really thought that the expense of maintairiug he bad learned
.VeeitSi.
' nis friends, that tither he hod done was coml. '.l .be'""'"' this r"'"'""'"" -.-- - ----- 'V'
lind conclusive on the subject-(Hear.) this force ought'not to be continued in those parts of lint doted offensive to the Home. If he had offendod, be was eztremely Report Was diem antecede, In rennet so Moaday. -
•• • Nr. HART DAVIS expressed himself satisfied with sorry, and trutted the Holsie would receive his apology. ANNUAL INNIIINITT BILL;
' .
theasplanation of the Gallaat Member, and withdrew country where them was no tendency to inserretti ant
and whet; therefore it was of no earthly use. . .
. , Mrs WYNN said,thee be leased wow suggest to the Hauer the Oo thirimMiaa that the noose resolve itself Ws g
*, the Motion he had justeubmittena. ..e ty Of oet proceeding further. Emoosh bad penstra . been COlllflliltie ma the Animal Indemnity Bill,
M.r. GOULBURN was desirous to afford the Wad doneo vindicate their privileges, and to coovioce all persons that
Mr. IN! SMITH ob-ersed, that this Bill had b new
The SPEAKER observed, that there WAS DO 014.4 ,'
laStd every information which he could eduseteeicate 011 the House would peewee every one „„„dine ,0„.,„, witness ii„ . .
. ..
...
~ .
~.ir
..
the breaches of the privilege of the House that it was
the subject. The' rettfon of the Noble Lord was, shoold therefore move that Mr. Meech be divellargeal froth my means of Annie:mg toesiotrame injustice; it iris the
Mims difficult to restrain than that breach which oe- 'nether attendalice upon the House.-Agreed tn. • • - stalking horse of the Corporation and Test Acts, and ..4.
..- .
whether the Constabulary Porte was to discharge civil
. .CONN TRADE ACTS ItIPORT. • but for it these km could not have honed s .long,
domed through strangers communicating to others
led to duties, which he (Mtn Groultaurn) conceived did not coase - ,
Mr. C. GRANT moved the Order of the Day for le- .D. .
simlaape
oat w
. *MOM took place in that House.. It frequently and Mr. W. HA itirgT.c2disymososhed that those Om met ' 11l
tie -misinterpretation of what really did take place; and within the. purpose for which 'they weie appointed ;
Which, he conceived, was limited to the prevervillon of 44"jaill' this Report . anxious about the Roman Ant ea II
Iwhat was really
said' and gave rite to IntstePte‘an.-• :he public •No ..doubt mush. incoevenieace hadpeace. main, matting as they did Vale olgad lekinthe an Simms d
Lord ALTHORP wishedto correct a anis-statement urataatast.Dratemen. , a_
thaw a.... a.„..,,....t... _ _ .
~ .
• that% and misunderstandings which werebigaly hams been
experienced in consequence of this loose not
• bring that. had appeared in one of the public prints, of what omen ns the towns ha whichi
they.M7aidg;:.(7ctae::
- venient. • able to ()bey the orders nf the • Magistietestt the !Petty __
" he said in relation to his constituents' feelinas on this eseedsed eg the gilds' otpod ewwwwelp. • Willi so many. thee,
SHIPPING INTSRIIST, '.
, Sessioas in snaking levies, ate. 1- at} ,
. . been imeasorel.die was represented to have said, that the ford were
„, made avvivedle the Raw ellobalieas wit* tudd hsii wow
L Lord LOWTHER Presented* a Petition from the .• ' • -Ae ••o , • • .'' - .h lject s• and in efie" at the market
of Nottingham assembled for the sum% 1 weraL.had tem midi elerftP.X. lir* i't
made to the nth oyerentont on t *tau Neeerisibalt4.lmaldfl. far thery mane the hpalw ay
Bbipostners of Whiiehaven, complaining of the where-
the er , ieuteeent a issue or
consequence*L na•L' hcr ' cf den that purpose of petitioning againq the measure, Whetias he the carysedi;:aried Ada. . ... ,
` Ales of the Navigation Laws,- and the want of adequatetwit that the/ repressed their satisfaction with the cement Lord J. RUSSllLLreptiest, that as the mead of religteelmewb
certain constahles should always tte d the Petty Ses- • •
a n • •
eatiotection to the Shipping Interest.slimed By limners. , be was spina those Acts ; sod should ever be ready to wow re
• dons. No alteration of the law was, however, in con- 1 , the proposition for the repeal of those Acts, where're k
• I - • MY. CURWEN supported the• Petition. He thought
te latinn • Mr. DENISON Wished to know in what measure stspeeet
*add be thought advbeeble to agitate such meeseiso. e
>AM souse protection must be given to the Shipowners, MP - a
commas taws. -• • - the averages should be taken, whether in Imperial or me. secretory num
mid,
that ha
the debate
opal
the
calms
..
t: Olpeedally with reference to the timbentrade of Canada.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that ia considering; the object or re- Winchester ? • Question he did not my me word which applied so prowatet
• Yr. WARBUIII'ON thought it impassible for Go- Awe' the Criminal Law., he would with to avail himself of the Mr. C. GRANT replied, that according to the exist-- Disseoters. lie declared himself a friend to religion liberty, sod
iirorninent to give the protection demanded by the Ship. &misname of many Professional Gentlemen. and it was setnearfto the equal dinrilsodon of tame sled menpleriellat =Mpg ft
to ing I,w, the aver ages were taken in Winchester met-_,,
_n_ ~
_n___
. _.
lbw •
z *Waits for the present season, so that ships might behoostr.
fix a period of discussion when they would sot hr 130 the sure, and the picket' measure did not at ell. interfere ....„ mail' 47:ifeeke.. two Hi5',,,,,.:-.Tz,-Tr.s.
b.
ii,
He should therefore fix opmt Moody,. 7th May. for thee dbierteloss • . -
!., fitted out for Canada to take cargoes of timber, with with that law. leered to call bias so) the Merlin for Soutimark,hagswee•s
of the f Hill b hick* purposed to effect the Ameodenent of
fort 11, y w .
• 'advantage to the owners.' Thetverntrading in timber the nnosnont bon. n, ' Mr. DENISON.-Then lam to understand. by 'the stomp reseoe At the removal of these Acta, whoa Ile um ow
- .
.4ast-yeir and the year before was such, that timber now •. ' visage or uvrarnoc. existing law the averages must be taken in the Win- the candour Orbit Dlsseuraris by ma 011111.11brismeref do • aak/el
'-' • .11retight here could not repay the merchant. Who ' Geertrid*GASCOTNiksaid, that Si the date of his Medan -re- chaster M NIA roe* Wee
measure, while our buying, and selling% are
oCatualles,,,,,, onto.. The prerraft dradadas had base bmik
aim
spesqing the Trade of Lithrpool had been omitted in the entry, he
i mould charter ships for such a trade when the portsmade in the Inionial measure ? an netespened occasioo, without notice, sod be eseguit as a-
.
twisbed it to be understood that it stood over to the third of May
' • ;Seta full of timber already ? It was a delusion to Mr. Co G ItANT-Yes.. ported to go loco the question soder such circumstances. . ibild
Mill TOMOS( WIN. WILSON said, that the 'addle had ant been hid anie
1 . suppose that Government could give any assistance, Sir JOHN NEWPORT moved for i• Rewire of the 'Names of Mr. P. THOMPSON urged the expediency of guard. SrS ;
the
the
rs ha►
set
Ise
math
taw. Bat midlia
. • where the distress was occasioned by. the over-trading Parsecs placed on the Pension List or Ireland during the years ing against the inconveniences of having two standards, the grass body of the Llessenters were ageism seaming Cathie IDA
.Of the merchants and shipowners themselves. 1792,1793, end 1794,irpeeitying the mown of the sums granted to though the price difference was immaterial. Rannetpattoo-condoet that was soon sageonons to the ion ef ig
' " Mr. HEATHCOTE asked if Sweden had not an ex- each, and the date of fronussencernent of each Peasion.-Ordered The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, the Hisuentere.
to be produced. in favour of the loyaky d the
1 • elusive privilege respecting the importation of salt and *sera m ateauwas. . the alteration, if it took place at all, must be effected Mr. VAN MONIRIGH
I
Roman Cadman • declared =heir claims were • ; sod den if
• hemp in her own vessels ?He understood she had. Upon several Members applying few leave of ablence, in a• Committee; at could not be taken ,in the present he were a sathaascart..... he
would
awn, he
tad=
_,....__ . 1
Mr. CHA RLES GRANT observed, that as the Hon. Mr. Secretary PER Laidd,he apprehended that great diecolty w'buld stage of the 13.11. He denied that the inconveniences lite Big eeeotoedy"'''"weat &redo a cattaddaat dirt L"Plag 4I /e
Member had alluded to the exclusion on the part of aril* in forming Committees. from the ananber of Members that had•arisen, which Gentlemen thought, in consequence was ordered to be received ma Monday. 4pi
Sweden of Btitish vessels conveying salt, he would beg had already served. Hetholeght that www very 10" excuse ought of having recourse to the Imperial measure. Much SUPPLY. lil
eo be alleged for asking leave of aroWNICO under the eentances in
• to observe, that one of the laws of Sweden precluded all
and which the House d, otherwise there would bea
no alternative more confunion would exist, in having recourse to the The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, 161
1 vessels but their own from conveying salt, -hemp. lsut that of pressing those •to serve who Ind already served upon pripositiod of How. Gentlemen. that in moving the postponement of the Committee of co
1 . various other articles; therefart. in the treaty alluded Committees.
. t to, what the Hon. Member bad termed an exclusion, • -
: was rather a concession. tATISOLJC lIILAIIIS. •
Sir T.ACLAND pretested a Podia* hewn Plyinenth in favour
of the Cathode Chime. The Hon. • stated the Petition .
Mr. CA LCRAFT- admitted that the inconvenience Supply to Monday, he wished to state that it was not fill
would not be felt in the foreign trade; but certainly the his intention to move for any farther supplies before the ' '
inconvenience would be sevetely felt in the home trade.
Mr. CALCRAF r was most anxious that this saes- to be r t.., 0...... h ad Ito dosede tad With respect to taking the averages, he was of opinion
that be coo- , yin exceptin a certain sum for the Civil in-
bolida g Ce'n 4 hr.
gencies on account ; not the whole amount for winch
al
-. Von should be fully discussed, and be therefore put is mint hedwg y, tb-,- prayer of it. •
. *this H nu and Gallant Feiend, the Member for Liver- Y
ItIVAULTVILS• - that the course proposed was best. His Majesty's Mi-
nisters, he thought, had committed themselves by re- the Estimate had been made out. but for a sum on at. ate
count, 'without which the public services could not go Di
pod, whether it would not be more proper to postpone met- W. WYNN mewed the calling over the names of the turning to the old system. He was decidedly in favour on. He thought it would be improper to call appetite - 1
l . • the discussion of this queition until after the E ester re- Default**, at the Baits of Thursday; The "diet were accord- of the Winchester measure. The country never could House for further Supplies before he had etpla.ned the 11l
't tess? at the same time he would observe, that on a illetY called overt aver) The"' were excused, edr"Mere were flourish with two measures-.-one standing measure must a the Finesse's of the coudtry.
I .• former occasion, parties had been taken by surprise by
• the sudden production of documents of great import-
ance, that never were heard sat unril she 'moment of ordered to appear on Tuesday's' Thursday next.
CHANCERY HILL.
Ilse MAT 'RR of he ROLLS 1 t postponed the further be adhered to.
Sir '9. CLERK was decidedly in favour of the new
.11 •ii measure-. By .referring to the old UltaillarES in the state
11!
Lord J. RUSSEL asked, when she Rigbt Henn Geo , ....-;
tlernan intended to make his Financial statement? •
consideration ca.the Report epos the Chancery Ili u The CHANCELLOR •of the EXCHEQUER said . '
their production, and be therefore hoped that the Right Etchequer, it was found that the old Winchester MIS' he couldnat do,that beforothe holidays member. Front le
F-d ,fl ay next. . .. ... ...
Hoe. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Wynn) would give an • • . • lure only hildll 'qiotatenwliereas it Suet tcsitaire'helli the particular circumstances *rising out of the stale of 4121
. • . • '"apportunity, in case. the discussion was postponed, for Mr. ABERCROMBY expressed' his astonishment 'se. vim advantagesof the hopeskol • measure to all the country with regard to Newel, be had not been •
' to inseect those documeuts, so that they might
parties
that- the Right Hon. Gentlemen should evince- a dispo: classes asotie•y were therefore highly itaportant. The able to make his statement at an earlier period; be- •ia 1
not come unprepared upon such discussion. . sition to Moil the Bill through the Home, when in
.alteration in the corn-measures was not the only valaa• cause,-until he knew the extent of increased expense 4.0
e Mr. WYNN said that upon the very arconnt the .
must very well know that the greater pats of the Hon. ble one thlt had been eff-cted, for the House would find that would arise, and also the extent of the means by •at
' Hon. Member had alluded to, that he was anxious the Members who were connected with the law wane of that many measures; under the Revenue Laws had been which it was to be met, he could not go fully, fairly, of*
• -emiaideration of the subject should be pottponed untilnecessity absent nn Circuit. He hoped that the further altered for the peculiar benefit of hit M4intiea "birch and honestly into the subject. It woutd have been a ...4i,''
- of* 'Easter, because he was certain that there - was not f
Bi 1
cousideranion o the I would be postponed . antil after Mr. D. GILBER'I said, it was a fact that they gross delusion on his part, if be
.bad attempted to say --
. '' iikkoie time to get the documents printed and circto the aster Holidays. fouid all the measures in the Exchequer different what would have been the required expense. Mt
r MASTER of the ROLLS. said, it appeared to. de
.. !hada so as to be perused by the time the question was from each other. He was sure that the adoption of Mr. HUME rese to say,. that while the. statement
.
, teed for discussion. • him at the House was then fully capable 6f discussing the imperial. measure would prove a proper standard, was delayed, the Right Hon. Gentleman was cootisuitig ere
0 .n• . Mr. LITILETON said, that being the Repre enta- the metithof the Bill, for although many of the Hon. and prevent those impositions upon weaker persons a gross fraud and delusion upon the public, by intik •lw
I tive of a large mannfacturing county, he had waited Members connected with the law were absent on Cr-i which had hitherto taken place. He hoped that his up the Banking Fund, and being obliged to furrow
con-Majesty's
upon the Presinent of the Board of Trade, who was suit. areeral were nut. Besides them was another Ministers would therefore establish a uniform get
money to meet the expenditure.-He saw that flack%
• also one of the Representatives of the town which the sideration which induced him to object to delay. If line of conduet, and prevent themselves from being quer Bills had been issued, and he hoped that the Right
-Hon. and Gallant Member also represented (Liverpool). the Bill did not pass that House until May, in a.I pro- made the !coin of surrounding nations, which would Hon. Gentleman had not been dabbling at the Bank of
and the Right Hon. Gentleman bad expressed his de- bability it would not get -through the other House be the cos when they reflected that England had spent England, although from what had recently takes plate ...
termination to be present, if possible, notwithstanding this Session. . . upwards of 150,0001. by sending to different States for there, be was not without his suspicions. The Right Hoe. %an
• the state of his health. Mr. ABERCROII BY persisted In wishing for delay, . the purpose of establishing the new imperial measure. Gentleman had been obliged to borrow eight millions -to
••• .- • Me. Ns CALVERT wished the question to be post- The MASTER of the ROLLS stated, that although
• Mr. WARBUWION spoke in favour of the new last year, to so oft the two millions of the Sinking
7/1
' ' ' /wined, in order to secure the attendance of the Right. he was not at all satisfied that ample time had no: been measure, and the imperative necessity which was appan Fond ; and if he did not take cate; be would go on
, • ' llon. Gentleman the President of the Board of Trade. allowed for all parties interested throughout the coon-bs
rent for uniformity. le mattered • not whether the bort •without at he shillingwith, and be
owing a ng to pay
i• General GASCOYNE observed. that it was in con- try to become acquainted with the meths of the Bill, country bad this or that measure, but whichever was eight millions in debt before the holidays-(A laugh.) sal
! =' sequence of a representation from the Chancellor of the
and Learned Friend (Mr. AlfErcromby). He had Mr. C. GRANT said, • Exchequer, who had accused him of tardiness, that he Ho
• had been induced to press this mater forward. and he stilh.he would not longer resist the application of hat adopted ought to be adhered to.
n.
but one object, and that was to render the Bill as per- the practical inconvenience te
he supposed the Honourable Member alluded to what
imagined. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
'
prated yesterday at a Meeting of the Bank Directors,'
P
had in consequence detained 'a number of shipownersdid not, therefore, wish to avoid
feet as possible. Ile
• and °therein town to wait the decision of the House- discussion, on the contrary, he had gone out of his way, 'as it was.
• • . was authorized by him to my 'One word. 4
'., but if it was the wish of the House that the question to get the Bill printed earlier than usual, so that all Lord ALTHORP said, it was highly important that Mr. HUME said, that as the Right Hemeareble -lb
should be adjeurned until after the recces, he would Parties interested might be able to question it, provi- the measures should be. assimilated. Gentleman bad candidly declared his wish to practise s4l
WOE eat, as upon all other occasions, subipit to that ,ton:. The Right Hun. Gentlenian. then postponed the ' '
Mr. BARING contended, that the alteration which. no delusion upon the public, be bad thought it right to •- le
wish-(Elear, bear); for he could assure the House, that 'farther consideration of the Repcirt until' an early da.
y had been suggested could not be effected without tom- point out to him where a delasion was now going on.
he should be equally reluctant to bring this question after the holidays.; but he trusted, should there opt be pletely altering the position of the Act. The duty had S
• forward in the absence of his Right Hon. Colleague, as sufficient time for the Bill to go through the other been fixed on grain admitted by the Winchester bushel, me SPRING GUM J
TENNYSON rase to move the committal of As
he would be to betray the interests of his constituents, House, that he shouldnot be condemned to-cen sure. and it would be perfectly tidiculosis to inmost corn at Bill for
regulating the .ust of Sprits Gala He AM igi
a-cl therefore he would, under the understanding that :. Sir JOHN NEWPORT said. that there wenn° fear one measure tad sell it by another.. that the more he reflected upon thnuithillas tbe mere
• ati early day would be named after the recess, postpone of any impediments being thrown in the way in the ' Afters few werdistaamateJewskaassenoMe,bsteWasivesteren . . I
. the discussion. Upper House, for it was well known that the Noble Me- m°IIL.C, the CM&PCI"."1" zacitagmas Ilagi °natal °Cher .2__ °
be was astboished that in a cobalt, tillorwritra. a
Mr. W ALLACE denied that the Chancellor of the Load who presided hachalready approved of it.. . • •Sditsabers, it appearing to be the where/the epees,* Report was en-mcrWas sem per .
sh fect, such •a prima* al 1:
' t
brought up, sod ordered to be recommitted on bimodal next.. which the Bill was directed, °old prevail.
Exchequer had taunted the Hon. and Gallant Member, After a tow words from Mr. M. A. Tawas:4,6e Re- deadly . to
THE ANNUAL Puma PILL. these instruments. were see, it was barna*
• or that a Committee in May would be too late for preen port was ordered to be taken into fuither consideration
s The Order of the .Day being moved, the House re. say who would be their victims; and the innoMat M , s
tieal purposes. His Right Hon. Friend merely observed on Friday, May 4.
that he would state the intentions of Government on -•- - • • • solved itself into a Cominittee on the Annual Du- often suffered from them as the sulky.
SOROGGH OP PINATIL—JOUN STANDURT. ties Bill, . - Sir J. SHELLEY opposed the motion. The object
-A Thursday, in case the President of the Board of Trade, id he wee utterly at a loss of the Bill was to present Gentlemen from retettiafl
The SPEAKER begged' to inform the House that Mr. W. WHITMORE said p p
..
who would not be able to attend before, was too indiss
• the Sergeant had taken into his custody John Stanburee to conceive why a higher duty should be laid on sugar their woods and plantations by the use of spring poi 1
• posed to take his place on that evening.
according
to the Order of the House. imported from the East Indies than on sugar imported which were known to be the most useful and effectual S
The Petition was laid on the table, and the discus-
At the request of Mr. WINS. the Order for an Address to his font, the West Indies. He knew there was an temp- protection they could axe. .
sine-fixed for the Ist of May.' I
Majesty, praying him to issue his Royal Proclamation for the ap. tion in fervour sugar imported from the•Meuritius, The Marquis of BLANDFSRD expressed his regret,
. , ear. BORHOVSE postponed presenting the County Fire Office prehension of this person, was read. 1
• . Petition to the Atk of April. Mr. W. WY NN then moved that the said Orderbe discharged. which was admitted at the same duty as West India that the first tithe of his addressing the House should
. „ Sir G. NOEL presented a Petition from a place in Rutland- :..-Ordered: sugar; and, to his astonishment. the reason assigned for be on so unpopular a subject. lie was quite sole that -- 1
shire,' sgainst the Catholic Claims. The sante Right Honourable Member moved that John Seals- that exception was-that sugar from the Mauritius was if the proposed measure were passed. those murderous i
,:- Sir J. NI AR WEL L presented a Petition from a Society in Item bury having abweended, in order to avoid the service of a $11511130119 the produce of slave labour, thin giving an•actual conflicts between. hers. and keepers, of which so .. 1
frewshirr, for means to einigrate.-:Referreil to the Committee on issued by order of that House, be committed to his Majesty's gaol
: *lteration• bounty ' slavery.
of !gewgaw, and that the speaker do issue his warrant for that .on He condemned the general policy much had lately been beard,would be greatly inci coed• j
Die, J. NIOORE moved for several returns of the quantity of purpose, of this. measure. S Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that upon the principled , •
1
iliwititli distilled in Ireland, malt used, duty paid, Ste. in the year Me. HUME , suggested the propriety of calling the Mr. HUME wad *Ant mixing up the Slash question with the the measure it was quite clear there could be no objec' 1
. • tats.-Ordered. - subject. He thooght that before his Hon. Mend came forwud
individual in custody to the bar: he might have some
. lion to it. but not so as to its prectical effects. He saw,
i Mr. GORDON , presested a Petition front Aberdeen, against
the proposed alteration ins the Corn Laws. valid excuse to offer. It would be harsh to commit him Wed Indian agar.
could be put on a footing with the Bait Indian. that in all probability it would lead to an increase of . .
'
. . . . Mr. NI ACQUREN restated a similar Petition from the county without affording him the opportunity of being heard. Mr. BERRIES said, the bounties wens not so high as the Hoe. those attempts ppon property which, being resisted, led 1
s•
at Sedtord:-Ordered to be printed. Mr. W. WYNN said ilia the order to take him into Geminate lionised. An Ac wis passed in the last year which to such sanguinary conflicts and lamentable. results.--
I • Sir 3.-HRWPORT presented a Petition from the Millers of the • • repealed them more than ouoisalf.-(Hear, bear). ' i
• gnaw of bleath and Louth, in Ireland, for protectioo against the custody had beets published all over the country among me. BULBS/aid, t, was the deity a the country to take care cd. He thought it was not for the House to take any tow • a
1
. . mat loon of Foreigners -Ordered to be printed. the other orders of the House: is VI As impossible there- the interests et their Colonies. It was a feet, that there was not sure upon its theory alone, without looking at its probe' ‘
... i
Right- Hon. Member then moved for Returns of the Pres. fore to me ibe the conduct he pursued to anything but ea article transmitted from the Katt or West Indies, bat which ble effect in practice; yet he would not be too reedy to
endings of the Hoard of Education, in reference to the School of an intention to evade the authority of the Hr use. The was so tended with duty, that •It was almost 11l vain to import. sacrifice principle to apparent difficulties of that native, p.,
' Ballenbube, in Irelind.-Ordered. • . Other articles otiousmodiej besides sugar were wrapped up ia the
Right Hon. Gentleman referred to a similar case, in tussah. es on a , . as he should show by his vote. 1.1
siewastass 7011 WENT.mutes was 164 to them el up.
- Sir ROBERT WILSON brought in his Bill to extend the which. adopted 4
the course he now proposed had been . • ors* m twenty matisucee people. . . . . Mr. HEATHCOTE said that he agreed with the 4 1
provision of the Act of 57 Geo. 3, e. 93, relative to Distresses for Mr. HUME observed, that the evident). 'upon which Hr. ROBERTSON said,beingcemeetted with the hest Indies, premises laid down by the Right Honourable Secrete, ai
. .
„..
.....
' . •
. . ,
. 1
• - -
, ..

ielesartihhcatideti)neuence2 il‘piC,iltrtjateceteetiveljultn.RHem
. ........,,, ....,....... •• f.
issublrrosselnatildedpecolagamstattemtbransgettbsrogium. tn7Awutpmscroditbier reallaicsny
an doe Sadie •• ''a•• • . • ; Sacred dial be ~ . - ,-- - .
!regular, Rent. Met a . ,t,
and abseralag tbsd .
• "°'` -. • . H. .".. ''' • • ..... • ...
In . , vir • see i ...head. i, .....
..., .
~ . 6,g .. r• I. 0. •• . :V'. ' s., , , -,,,,.....,, idiftadi. He trusted that when the spastics came lees hail
a: . . Z....0= libirar s "WillS:"... i. . -7t0,- • . . tIePEAKE As •'it• ' - . % ilit dhememilitho claim of each waitlikbe apiallted do kayo 01,,,0t.
• • a Fftench' Xr -t , 1•• • • boramskY: •
I t • ' ia ' * Mr. Qt SUM% dm& flat the sada whkb bi, Neu,"
se call
i the
4,4..,
4..
w... .
o'iltiS„.
.4.:y . • .
.... 6...t.rhi • A answer ip
lorsanaleit
igi..
jpemitrtrow„,.ei
mr Peiegi(,l4ebs. W4mt.liktane,._;.)
eaminteeded,wadditeetteirsiverepuedth%setsiiityczbille
.10 0 # CIOU Pe 9 '
; :•• Y :WYNN - ' tin • • - .
be the beet. *ins that Hoosonable bract* forward
mit that, imp Imo, bi mr. Fewest,. . ,
~ . _ .
IA
• • . . - .
W, Irce I°. - " coinreastma,av Fonda. .
' spoken LOr4 CASTLEROAGM,. seeing • a liar tuii.„l. hied mat,* „deed by „‘„,d, Kr: Cs N. PALLMR telluta, tilt :opt iita.
the Night Hon• b Yr. . . wilbelekk"ool*ll4l.llllbosilbretalredla Ham -**--- • •
1 Prnici" qtr for Ireland -.:his lA3Cfs 'Alkyd to take the braiidie mai aim Hamm_ us umeeire. .....i..., es A.-.....
aseurrtibe hteeniettierieeed the.l4trpaiwarbad jameteed)ossiganit feilkuriumeiteessiiiiimiGnia:
oppostunity of puttinget-uestiou to- him on a subject r yue keee AT daieseteraeor to moo upea-theemliot ' ...-
..... oinkiing ninkspitswie negra "the,
i..
led . mak re-
ferred to
nder the whkh was exceedingly interesting, at least to the North After some usosisives et heeitatiou ends met* or kr. Meade. ...""mddmig • lie rally door.
HUME absolved that tin Gentleman at the bar bag peo, i=haullelig.fasi,, „Ad tipped, it ---e-tiat
of Ireland. Was it die intention of. his Majesty's '
1 babldi;Uoi understood be 'OW Speaker kad addressed to Met. It hithila - Wl* t 4 Watt stud
1.1°,. re. Government to make'siny alteration in the Constabusary gnat hkeir dmo, be had mine them with d, empee,4oo ebee elide til •M eliaoresterr. haweed4.. _
_tam pais* oasis ugh
Say "aye Farce, so as to plice it under the jurisdiction of the Ma- 3, woad he coo* opoo to mower aeon dinnockno. se to di. ear allessinestgli
silitla""awkh ,
itleilles:l= •fr rraselkiwnilegineini• eitetz
ate been
, gistrates ? It was hardly necessary for him to sty that' facts and was unprepared tantalite a general itawnstot. . • . ilialoid stet be led *bay bj folio tialenstott.
.114. Ffraneli spoke
alai a lon sod tees:mime tow/. very thate that rink •
be meld realhed,thq A herr; AC Wis. understand, hoirtver, to sap aht rer„,ro else pihittued de air. "bloom*
- en=astdnir a amp...Mesh* vat* of tiii *cc ,4
-Meas)* at prestnt they could not act, except in criminal eases 1
isfactory and he really thought that the expense of maintaitsieg
,_ be had learned front bit friends, digit ithai be bad done was coml. 7 1.10.
.t.:. C......,2,rhr0nt an he rantiniteci in those oar ts ei ma ......-.1 ..a.....;........k. 11.... If 1.. h2.l.ll6onAwet_ h. wa...”.......4. Report Wes dime orientate laCtitaatowl IBS Weiday.

anxious about the Roam Caste iihiddinilhr dew Ant-ii;
et a =is-statement main, indicting as they did Valk akkaal Wind* ea e.tosms
Urn oat ' theas Acta. it mini sot lids
lie prints, of what as in the wen hi „wbicb they had map oak: irennen.aii
s'feelnldi on this ezercised ;di the dodos aped eitbse eMip. Mania marl aim
I said, that the fan. were *mac reliernoll the ROM. Wile 6114 MM nue
assembled for the 011"60,1 1.6bag4411116"..h" tees Isla; elegeePs= lir* for
ensure, Whereas he ;aleira;pp—.44:lNair irieferAig," 74.21. the ilignifss
'• •
Lion with the enure! Lord .1. RUSSRLLreplied, that as the friend of religioestionty,
be was most those Acts ; and should retr be ready to wow sr
in what measure ......usuPPortbe Prolorninon for rbr rnuee Acts, whoever k
1" in Imperial, or —ritr. tbeearye edebrast,e at agigiantethealitiars"pon the
Question he did net ay woe word which applied to P,„‘„ii,
nrdirag to the exist- Distances. He declared hlwedif a Mend to religloas Mott nal
