RUSSIAN VOYAGE OF DISCOVERY.

The Russian brig Rusick, under the command of
Lieutenant Korzetstre, whose arrival at Portsmouth
' we announced about three weeks ago. had been out
on a voyage of discovery two years and eleven months.
The crew had continued- remarkably Lealthy, hut the
vessel was obliged to put into Portsmouth, for sup.
plies of provisions. During his voya:e, which at first
was directed to the North, Lieinvaant korzreus,
reached a very high latitude, but we are not yet able
to state it with accuracy. lle fell in with a most sin-
gular iceberg, of great magnitude, which not only
had a portion of its surface covered with earth and
mould, and bearing trees and vegetable pmductions,
but a portion of its seater line covered with a shore
formed by the deposit of earthly matter washed down
from the higher parts of the earth-covered•ic=
On this shore a landing was made. and consul
quantities of remains of the mammoth were fonnd in
such a state of putrefaction as to produce a most in-
supportable stench. The Cusick brought away a
number of the tusks and other parts of these immense
animals, which had probably been preset ved in a
frozen state for many ages, till the mass of ice which
inclosed them, put in motion by some unknown cause,
reached a more ternper..t;:latitude--/I.dusopt i_ul Ma-
gasine.

, .
Queen of ENGLAND, the Prince and the Princess of Saturday Lord VLcount Mk:IA.II.LE left Melville
OniosoE, the Prince and Princess WILLIAM of Pays- Castle for Londor.
SIA, Madame the Dowager Duchess of BRUNSWICK, ALEXANDER lIA STILTON, Esq. F. B. S. has resigned
and the Prince Auousros of OLDENBURG. his situation as Professor of Sanscrit and Bengalese,
Mr. Rionanos, who lately received the hand of in the East India Company's College at Ilayleybury.
Miss CHALIE, acquires a large fortune with her, her ZIRCAN FOUND NEAR FORT A ta.usros.—This gem
father, the late well-known wine-merchant, having was discovered last summer, impeded in those gra-
died worth three hundred thousand pounds. nite beds, or veins, that occur in the vicinity of Fort
Some respectable members of the Society of Friends Augustus. It is worthy of remark, that this geognes-
who are making the tour of the Highlands, had ser- tical position of the llighland Zircan agrees with that
vice twice on Sunday sennight in the Northern Meeting of the varieties found by Dr. Davy, in the Island of
Rooms. As Quakers arc not often in that place, cu- Ceylon.
riosity drew a great crowd of people of all ranks Last night one of the Ticket Porters plying at the
to observe the simple forms of this respectable end of the Royal-Exchange, went to bed somewhat
sect. Two females, who are of the party, spoke at intoxicated, and was found this morning a corpse,
considerable length, and a number of religious tracts quite cold. His name is T. BOTT ; he formerly kept
were gratuitously circulated among the audience. a hosier's shop in New-street, Bishopsgate-street.
ROXBURGH CLUB.—The Anniversary of this Lite- Most MELANCHOLY CArasreoeria.—On the Bth
rary Association was celebrated this year in Pat is, in May was lost, over board the Neptune packet, on his
a way which must be highly flattering to its 'Mein- passage from Ostend to Margate, Lieutenant .10118
bers ; several distinguished lio.2rary characters of that Nl' ARTHUR, half pay of the 79th Regiment tor Came-
capital were present, one of whom, a Greek Professor, ronian highlanders), eldest son of dons M'ARTIMR,
recited some elegant Latin verses, composed for the Esq. Paymaster of the same Regiment. The inelan-
occasion. Many appropriate toasts were drank in the dimly accident was occasioned by a sudden lerch of
English style, with three times three. The erudite the vessel. when he was unfortunately precipitated
Librarian of the King's Library, Monsieur NAM, was from the windward side into the sea, and sunk, alas!
the President at this convivial meeting, and our coon- to rise no more in this life. A disconsolate family
tryman, the Rev. Mr. DIBMN, the Vice President. remains to mourn the loss of a most virtuous, ami-
STORNOWAY, JUNE 22.—Yesterday afternoon, no able, elegant. and accomplished youth, alike beloved
fewer than '206 whales, called the Bottle-nose, came and respected by all who knew hint—aged eighteen
into this harbour, when a desperate battle ensued be• years and seven months. It 1, ill be satisfactory to
twcen them and the inhabitants of the place, armed his relatives and friends, to know that his corpse has
with axes, swords, and knives, so that very few of been found, and buried at Blendecque with military
these extraordinary visitors escaped. Some of them honours by the Corps ...ra which lie belonged.
measured above 'X feet • long by 15 feet in circturk, PEartoos AEROSTATIC EXCCRSION.—BOURDRAtIit
ference. JUNE 30.—Mademoiselle ELIZA GARNERIN made on
The balance of passengers between England and the day before yesterday her second aerostatic ex-
France begins now to turn greatly in favour of the periment. The balloon had been previously inflated,
latter:—between the 'Pdcl and the `29th ult. these were that her departure might be effected at the precise
546 went from Dover to Calais, and only 189 from hour. At six o'clock the balloon was about to be
Calais to Dovet. disengaged, but the wind, which became stronger to-
The Bat on DurßasNr, who was accidentally killed wards the evening, agitated it so much, that it was
at the Beaujon Gardens, in Paris, was buried on thought the young aeronaut would not imprudently
Thursday last with military honours. venture to ascend. She, however, soon appeared in
Thursday M. lIEBRARD, a physician of lunatics, the boat with an intrepid countenance, and, waving a
went to bathe at Ivry-sur-Seine, in France, and was white flag, ascended amidst the applauses of an im-
drowned in the presence of four of his pupils. Some mense multitude. The balloon was at first driven
boatmen of Charenton drew out the body.
violently towards the South, and the crowd precipi-
At Cagliari, in Sardinia, on the 23d ult. a man ir- tated themselves towards the harbour, where pre-
ritated to the last degree, by base reports respecting cautions had been taken to prevent accidents. In a few
the conduct of his wife, ran to the Convent where a minutes the parachute was expanded, and the boat
Monk dwelt, who had been pointed out to him as was seen to separate from the balloon. No doubts
being no stranger to her culpable connections. After were then entertained that Mademoiselle ELIZA GA it-
having struck him, whom he regarded as the author NERD: would descend safe and well on the other
of his shame, two blows with a knife, the husband .: bank of the river ; but some variation in the air
returned home, and in the same excess of
passion„: pushed the boat towards the West, and she was
I threw his unhappy wife out of the window. He then .obliged to descend in the middle of the river, a short
distance from the Isle de la Tresne. The boat rested
fled from justice, as lie thought, to a place of refuge;
on the water, but her courage began to falter; when
' but the Governor of Sardinia, being informed of the
horrid transaction, ordered him to be seized in the • two boats arrived to her assistance.
Church to which he had retired. An old woman was ,
moat to ht uli
.p
tlae jealous fury of the husband. Bosess.-11"°t and Oliver, and West-Country Dirt! mid Hawn.
also arrested, who had contributed
1 the conbatxt-tentell•ll
between t.'
k
Oliver
piu ea
utc 1"m Neal rr
ow!ii Buckingh.amhire ;
excites muchinterest ; a
third gSht is expected between Crawley and a butcher.

DUE AMY.

A detachment of eighty men and bort% f,
cavalry in France, ernrked erday
Dover, on board of two transpolls, for raki,,
Monday the second troop of the Greys
from Piershill, near Edinburgh, for Ireland; th:
troop follQwed on Tuesday ; the foul th and 14,:
will remain until relieved by the Enni,killen dr!,

RSTCYLK of the Name", of the Orrice= in the A.
ceive PantoNs for the Lows of Luesa, or fur 1i o,
Eying the Nature of the Cases, the Pla:ts VI, r.
► Year when Wounded, the Amount of char Pula
the Dates from which they commence.
Temporary Pensions are distinguished thus a tefure
Royal Horse Guard—Lieutcnsta-Coluntrl Sir It,:
a wound at Waterloo, a7.0c,,!. tram loth hut-, t.
Ditto—Colonel Sir John laley, t wounds .t W.:,
from 19th June, 1016.
I)itto--Quarter-Master Thomas Carty, fur a wca.
100, a.. 101. from 19th June, 1816.
Ist Dragoon Guards—Captain J. 11.3cmah
in 1805), for wounds at Anheim, in 17!
Dec. 1611.
Ditto—Major Michael Matter, fur a wound at Watcrlur,
from 19th lune, talc.
Dkto—lirevet-Major Thomas Noel Harris, for loss of
at Waterloo, IDOL from 19th June. 1818.
Ditto—Captain John Paget Sweny, for wounds at We
41001. from 19th .One, 1416.
2d Dragoon Guards--Lieutenant-General Phalle, fr.
at Amherg, 1796, 4ftol. front 2:th
Ni Dragoon Guards— ...1-or Georg.. Teo Brice
Talavera, 1009, 1001. from 21t1-• !st t
6th Dragoon Guards--Ileutenant Pen.: ...h
the riestrice) for a wound in Ireland, 1'913,, 701. 1,
Dec. 1611.

h

for tt

ilell4

Ist Dragoons-Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charles EN
clyfe, far a wound at Waterloo, sitOol. front 19.5 tu:
Ditto.- Lieutenant George Gunning, for a wutut I a: n
0701. from 19th June, 1816.
ad Dragoons-Major Robert Verson (sold out!, ftr tots..
Waterloo, deltas/. front 19tli June, 1816.
6th Dragoons-Ilejor Commanding Ftenues S. Miller
for a weund at Waterloo aZotd. from 190
Ditto-Captain William Frederick anto.d;a: V..
terloo, 4100/. from 19th June, 1816.
7th Light Dragoons-Captain Peter Augustus 11e..14er, f r
wound at Waterloo, 14100/. from 19th Jane, len.,
Ditto-Lleutenant Frederick Beatty, for a woucu
Bthalltig4 (rumhD jaralg9toons-Cab ne' g
slainit'Leonard
9310:hawttaahhtoisailua,ainrgiamgmodbhsttta:Dratorti:Lasic.rtaigza0:00:wtarsits_caars4;euinr3i.latii;:0201:itiamicriflechofrroi:no;mxi:12;23::(s7at
f len r,* ;rot
at Fuente Guinaido, 1811, 10C/. from C 5 u Sept. It
12th Light Dragoons-Lieutenant-Geom.! Mervin
for loss of an arm at Alexandria, 1801, 44V. trunk-At De,.
1811.
Ditto-Colonel Hod Frederick C. Porataoby, fur wound, at
\Waterloo, a3OOl. from 19th June, 1816.
13th
wounds at atpCraantg°°npoe-MalAiltyor, 11.312 t 1 Ge
/111, 2.sladirmjl 6arercil:,.s.
Ditto-Lieutenant Charles Robert Bowers, fuc s word
Waterloo, a7Ol. from 19th June, 1816.
14th Light rageons--Colonel F. a Hervey, for kw Vat, •na
at Douro, 1809, 30C1. frant Y irk D.c. lull.
15th Light Dragoons--Lieutenant-t'olonel Leigineo C. D -
rymple, for loss of a leg at Waterloo, SCO/. fratu
• 1916.
Ditto-Brevet Lieuter.ant-ColoneiJoseph 'Priam% for tun
' of an arm at 'Waterloo, 21001. from 191 June, 1818.
16th Light Dragoons--Lieuteux,t-Culonel Janes Bay, :Or a
wound at Waterloo, 4500!. from l'Alt Jam., 1816.
17th Light Dragooos-Lientenant ()Ova Delancey. for 1.4
an arm In the East Indies, 1815, .-411. from 23dt Dec. 1814
18th Light Drop:tens-Captain Charles Hesse, for a mucai 4
Waterloo;a7ol. from 1936 Jane. 1916.
19th light Dragoons-Lieutenant Philip Baiter, for Ins of
sight in the East Indies, 1799, 701. from Dec. 1811.
Ditto-Ditto., Ditto, Ditto.
Ditto--31ajor Nathan Wilson, for a woond at Aguayo, k-A
alOOl. from 25th Ike- 1811.
22d Light.Dragoons--Lieutenant-General Ron. iVillata
1,.7, for low of the use of a limb at Antrim, 1798, 40.. lawn
25th Dec. 1811.
23d light Dragoons-Major Thomas Phipps Votrud, for
wound at Talavera, 1809, 2001. from ...Rh Dr:. mi.
Ditto--Lieutenants Tilolll3s Easter Wall, fur lo.s of a leg 31
Waterloo, 7td. from 19th June, 1816.
24th Light Dragoons-Lieutenant William Webb ;add ota',, fee-
an injury sustakted in the performance of Maury stay 4
Ilhurtpore. 1805, .70/. from 95th Dee. 1611.
25th Light Dragoons-:Ekrvet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert tiler,
. for an injury sustained io the perfurinaace of rdhur,
Lasswaree 1805, a3OO/. from 45th Dec. at:S.
lst Foot Guards-General George Earl of Ludlow, for lose
an arm in Flanders, 1794, 4881/. from 25th Dec. 1511.
Ditto-Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Wynyard. for wouad. ft
St. 'Maori, 1810, 3001. front 39th Dec. 1811.
Ditto-Ensign Francis Scawen Hunt (no longer in the ;mkt,.
for wounds at Corinna, 1809, 50/. front 25th Dec. 1411.
Ditto-Colonel Richard Bourke, for wounds in Holland, :7:1.
50/. from 25th Dec. 1811.
Ditto-lieutenant-Colonel John Woodforde, for wor.ok rt
Coruna], 1.109, alOe!, from 25th Dec. Mt.
Ditto -Captain Philip Joshua Perceval, for wounds at &yam,
1814, alOtt. from 19th May, 1815.
Ditto-Captain lion. James Lindsay, for a wound at Berpn-v?
Zoom, 1814, alutt front 10th March, 1815.
Ditto-lieutentam and Captain Wiliam Gordon Cainnut, far
wounds at Barrosa, 1811, 4100/. from 6th March, Isla.
Ditto- Captain and lieut.-Colonel Rickard Dewy C.4e,
a wound ..t Waterloo, u5OOl. from 19th June, 1816.
Ditto-Lieutenant and Captain William Gordon Cameron, Gr
loss of an arm at Waterloo, 1001. front 19th June, !Pit.
Ditto-Captain Somerville W. Berger (sold out), for lost of
leg at Waterloo, 1001. from 19th June, 1816.
Ditto-Brevet-Colonel Lord Fitzroy Santa-set, for tau of t.l
arm at Waterloo, 300/. from 19th June, 1816.
Ditto-Brevet-Coitmel lion. William Stuart, for lOU clan an
at Quaint Bras, 3001. from 17th June, 1816.
2d Foot Guards-Major-General IL Bayly, for wounds at La-
cents, 1793, 501. from 25th Dec. 1811.
Ditto-Assistant-Surgeon Henry Fearon, for loss of sight a
Egypt, 1801, .50/. from 23th Dec.lBll.
Dims-Ditto, Ditto, Ditto.
lairoso--s jaaelurgtenaant Crlisos,arleslsFlm2.
Ditto
--ti,ellBttlizant2, 1(4W.4:44°nv frolml1971:1WiJ.
tI.II. fic:Firerl;.l‘.'4intihs°thrSlealer7i:"l
Ditto-Captain Thomas Chaplin, for wounds at St. Selas::.;
1815, SOL from lw Sept. 181-4.
Ditto-Captain Wyndham Anstruther, for wounds at St. Jon
de Luz, 1813, a5Ol. from 11th Nov. 1214.
Ditto-Surgeon John Allen Gillham, for lots of sight in Er',
1801, 100/. from 25th Dec. tell.
Ditto-Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Wyndham. for WC454
Waterloo, a3OO/. from 19th June, 1816. r.-
3d Foot Guards-Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin -Wel, "-
wounds in Egypt, 1801, 3001. from 25th 15't. 1811.
Ditto-Colouel David Cunyoghatn, for wound: at Lintel!".
1793, aloo/. front 25th Dec. 1811.
Dirt.-Ensign John Xnox (no longer in the
at Burgos, 1812;701. from 19th Oct. 16.13.
Ditto-Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas (kiln far wounds al
vera, 18(.9, alOat from 25th Dec. 1811.
Ditto-Lieutenant and Captain George Evelyn, for a worrese
Waterloo. alooi. from 19th June, 1816.
let ioottranC,araisiz, n Abrahamlotoh,
from t
July,ltogfo
fur lass St
an arm
sebas'
Ditto--raLieluontena,nstort.
frontontas 2Snstehathue,cf.orlBllosis. of an aye, at I‘.*
Ditto-Brevet-aCianol,oniety3.7.sernoii.eefrAorginatite
jau.,lyf,arlBlol94."(
Ditto-Lieut. John Stuyte. for a wound at BergeLeop-Zoor.
1814, n7O/. from 9th March, 1815.
Ditat-Grtvet-Nlajot Janes Rowan, for wounds at Fort Fl',
1814, 200 f. front 16th August, 1811
Ditto-Major Edward .nichael Bird, for weilida St Chiffil"'
1814, 8100/. Rom 6th July, 1915.
(14 be cadireat)

•vr.1%..t.141

I 14!:..

,crvice), wmac:i

WEST:INSTEIZ FOLL:

Vowing is a correct abstract of the hi:. Poll

tic :mi:uirr:

SPLIT VOTEi Wl=

1.7• • "7., .....
-;,,,..1;.:1z1e Vote!

T.1e1:0-$1
is'opc-•Nt •••
Z. frxn this abstract that Sir
who ••ands at the he'rd of the Poll, had
iivz ti:re.s fewer plumpers than either of Ole
next to him ; and that but for the
v he divided with his unsuces,ful
Mt-si:av ntxwka.r., h.:: would not 11;:ve
of tl:e Aft•mbers:--nat Sir FR.V.SI-
phimpers more than
cy nurrErr, V::13 rn, 4 144
WOIIJ, nevertheless, have
id he not borrowed more second
v-- -; tr,ri :•:11411..A.Y NIA XWELI. did from Sir 5A-
...• t. and .t great many second votes be•
Sir Au qr.f..y x.virt:!,!, himself—the Can-
to r:10:11 ia principle he was, in all respects,
T.-. :;reCtly of posed—And that Sir NI int it .t
'ho has lost the day, would infallibly have
!•.. !tad his friends adhered to his iaterests singly,
ar.,! witb the view (.is is generally understood) of
at.; .! cline time throwing out Sir FnaNciA BUR-
LF:' see...rad votes for Sir SA ‘II.7EL itOMILLY.
f;j ti•i, in tl:is abgraet the most singular thing
tact tint S;l' Iqt:I:RAY M kvvrt.t. appears
sidit three vete, with—Mr. Ilusr !

foll.-...-in 7 is said to be the OrJer of the Pro-
fur Cu I ing Sir Fa..xcta BunDETT ;
I l:z1: Censtablo on I lors 'bark.
licat AniStalln, four and four. •
Three small dark blue Flags, used during the Flection. •
Raid of Moak, three and three.
Lag: white Flag, carried on llor,oback, motto " Purity
of Election."
Rand of Music, three and three.
Bir:tar o: S.. l'au!, Covent Garden—Pink.
Eta^ for cud e 117, b.,aring a dark. tbie nag, inscription
S.r Francis Burdett."
B. of St. Ann's i'..tiah—Creen.
nu-% fuur and lour, bearing akrge dark blue Fla', mottos,
Ilardea and Independence," and " Burdett and
Purity of Election."
11.-el of Music, tli:re and dace.
ent.;. t Panes, and St. Mary-le-Strand—White.
rot,. d four, bearing a dark blue Flag,
r .to "Trial by Jury."
three aad
il.catt
Laois, four besting a dark blue Flag, inscription
" Sir Francis Burdett."
Rand a three and three.
tamer or St. Jantes--Cfansor.
Slotort, four and tor, boring a :lark blue Flag, motto,
" Burdett and Reform."
Band of Musk, three 4 three..
Banner of St. tienree—',..;-blue.
Extort, four and four, bearing a dark bin' Flag, inscription,
" Sir Francis Burdett."
Rand of Nude, three and three.
Runner of St. Margaret and St. John—Yellow.
Betio:-, :our and four, 'nearing a dark blue Flag, motto,
" Magna Charta."
Dark blue Thz mutton, " Burdett and Reform," and
" Purity of Election."
Conwitres, three and three.
Latin tack blue Banner, motto, " Burdett, the Choice of
of the People."
Eiett High Constables, assistants, roar and four.
fin Tremieters, with Silver Trumpets, three and three.
Sir FRANCIS 111.71iDFTT
IN Tr., um li Cll MR, drawn by Six Horses.
Teseark.i;ce llaanee, carried on horseback, Motets " radical

llefarre."
f,st:trtien on 'horreback, four and four, to br:ug up the
:c: die Procession, arrange-el by 'tire Committee.
Porserntn. four and four ; and
Carriages to follow.
OPATnIt 1-11:''T, AND THE Illt:11 COVSTADIX OF
'sn:issrcr..—'f iie following correspondence pass-
b.:Lwecn Mr. Hunt and Mr. Lee, the lligh
••• • f Wesm-..in,ter

renstrieration to the eighty constables
k: 1.1 T att...rdanue the election, being
th. Committees of the different Candi-
to apply to you on the sub.r..e.t, and to re-
r as to your bearing the
;. per day "n eadi constable; and the
‘ll. I leave to the liberality of
in the cottt.st, a.; I do on all occn-
' 1 alr LI.. .1 ilserv.. the public cease.
lan:, Si:, 11•... tr ..,bediet,; humble F
W. 1.1.1:, 114;h Constable of Westminster-
ros; July t.
liuct,

E, YoT47is-ittirtet., Strand. July 8, III&
wstrot corsuit:ci. rvir had Atlf CJ:IC ri in toe ap.
rLt Cor,srL:cs, ...nriug the We,tniinster aectioo,
ia.);• share in the pacr..it of thi-iii.
rt receiving a:-.; ai:vante7e or •‘ you
•"I,,ti :Act evtry otost:actien from
edniaf the tk.i'on. With ri.i.pect to rtanunera.•
f,,r yrur rriricns tb protect :.!r. Spy
14 and Mr. Buily B. th. •oorter the
to %Ft: you to, tF.a a; but thouli. :hey fe,l en
I test that Jury who will try you for
U. tun rr.e,rrill do you imFle justice.
14. i, fir, ycrrs, Nc. H. HUNT.
Hi;u C0.,Et...b1e of I•rtstnlinster.
F.Lcrr: OF POLLS.
.2ruits, July' A.

- 11Z6
- 1075

tr. - :lc: f lth
Vvitser 7tl
-
4•17 the 'lion. \V. MA:7I.E. wa: onanirnously
cf Yarlitrn. t fnr Forfarshire.
(3. f,•• (-LA! I:. 3 ~rt. it was expected
7,......rycent Inveriwss Ui .t6ct llitrblis in
r. has \ti-.l,drawit, Pad hic turle,
.uwi.(;, of Undo::. wiio filled tile
iias aguia cued himself; atid is
c.r.artim3usly

MR. WATTFIMAYS DINNER:

The friends of Mr. WAITHMAN • dined together
yesterday at the London Tavern : they were nume-
rous and very respectable. Mr. Alderman GOODBE-
;JERE was in the Chair; Mr.WistrumaN, Mr.Tliofte,
Ste. sat on his right ; Mr. BYNG, &c. on his left.—
After dinner, Non Nohis Domine, was sung.
The CllAlßMAN.—Gentlemen, the sum and sub-
stance of our object in meeting this day is the benefit,
of the People. The throne we consider one of the',
essential means ,f benefiting the people. We there-
fore drink with great sincerity, " The King."—( Ap-
plause.)
The CHAIRMAN.—" The Prince Regent, and may
he never forget his spontaneous declaration,. that the
Throne is held for the benefit of thepeople."—( Great
applause.)—" The Queen, and the rest of the Royal
Family, with three times three."
The CHAIRMAN.—" Gentlemen, in proposing the
Royal Family, it is usual to call for three times three.
The toast I now propose to you, I. leave to your-
selves. It is a numerous family, and it is a very
worthy family. " The People 'of •England, that is,
the People of the British Empire, may they ever ad-
here to the principles of the British Constitution, and
ever have spirit enough to defend their rights."—
( Very great Applause.)
The CITA inmAN.—Gentlemen, if it were necessary
to enter into any display of the talents, consistency,
and real excellence of the person whose health I am
next to propose to you, I should feel myself unequal
to the task. But it is better to leave it to your own
minds. I know it stands high, very high indeed, in
your minds. .I beg leave to propose the health of
Mr. Waithman—,immense and long cotdikued ap-
plause)—the intrepid and persevering friend and de-
fender of the people's rights, and may he long con-
tinue one of the Representatives of the City of Lon-
don."—(Great applause.)
Mr. WAITHMAN, (upon presenting himself cn the
table he was received with the most enthusiastic
cheers.)—Mr. Chaitman, and Gentlemen, were I to
attempt to describe my feelings at this moment, I
know the attempt would be vain. I never felt so op-
pressed, if I may use the term, with the kindness of
my friends as at this moment. I feel the triumph of
this moment; I feel it for myself; I feel the honour
which you have conferred upon me, I feel the higher.
ground to which you have raised me for defending
your rights; but I feel much more the general, cor-
dial, and successful support which you have given to
the principles which I always wished to advocate.
With your support, and with your suppOrt alone, I
now console myself, and did console myself, when
otherwise I must have sunk under the difficulties
which opposed me. Courage is, perhaps, a virtue
in which you may think me least deficient, and yet
my courage would have failed me, without your ap-
probation aid support. I believe I have your esteem
and friendship ; I believe you think well of my prin-
ciples and of my conduct. For this I thank you ;
but if you were met here this day merely from per-
sonal attachment tome; I should feel peat difficulty
indeed in addressing you ; but knowing, as I do, that
you are assembled to celebrate the signal triumph of
the cause of truth and freedom, in the election which
returned me as one of your Representatives, I sum-
mon fortitude to speak, and to congmtnlate yon on
your sneers, on the success of the City of London,
en the success of the whole British Empire..—(Greet
applatt..r.)—For myself, if I may be allowed to speak
on so important a subject, I have to thank you for
placing me in the proudest situation in which an in-
dividual can be placed—a situation in which he can
advocate the rights and liberties of the first nation
.1 the world : and you have placed me in this situa-
tion, not by the powerful friendship of any particular
person, but by your own independent choice, for the
purl:9Se of supporting. your independence, and re-
straining the tyranny introduced and supported by
Ministers. and their Agenfs..—(Greet applause).
Their gigantic efforts to establish a system of opinions
and of pnblic conduct, foreign to the feelings and to
the habits of this nation, I hope to see not only
shaken, but overthrown, absolutely overthrown, and
that for ever.—(Shouts of applause.)—From my
boyhood, my opinions of public . liberty have been
unaltered. 'I remember the American war, and my
opinions were then formed by the doctrines of Mr.
Fox. Upon these opinions I acted then, upon these
opinions I have acted all ti y life since, and I now
see no reason to change in'y opinions. In the year
1793, a war was commenced, the same in principle
as the American war; it was a war to support tax-
ation without representation. Against this war, this
cruel and destructive .war, this war, which has been
the cause of all the difficulties and evils we n6w feel,
against this war, I was the first man who publicly
stood forward, out of •Parliament, and vas the first
who proposed to petition against it. I pass over all
the intermediate events, and say that I wan the first
to oppose the Income Tax, and not only to oppose that
abhor red tax, but to overthrow it. These efforts, ii
they were not in themselves of much value, at least
tended to keep alive the flame of liberty which hasled
to this victory which we now celebrate. It. is, indeed,
a great victory for the City of London—for the friends
of liberty all over the world. This victory has been
achieved by you; the whole creditor it belongs to you. 1,
Waterloo was nothing to this victory—(applause).—
Waterloo w..s honourable to the British Character—
it was honourable to the skill and bras ery of our
arms ; but what were its results ? Were not the

Freach nation subjected to chains of steel, in order to
compel them to bear a system of government suited
to the views of tyrants? ;applause). In our own coun-
try, was not a standing army kept up in the time of
peace, only for the purposes of oppression'? (Ap-
plause). No retrenchment was adopted—no reform
was admitted. The battle of Waterloo was the Mi-
nister's battle, in which neither this country nor the
Continent gained benefit.—(Great applause). It
was not, therefore, to be compared to the victory
gained in Guildhall; fer till then the City of Lon-
don had been the 3iialster's strong hold; it was, as
they knew, stroll& and m;asstilable—(applause). In
the City the Minister had tools as ready and as,
I.ictive as in the House of Commons. It is now gra-
ii!'ying, at the end of 20 years., to remind those who
insulted us, and whose pov.er we contended against
in vain—who laughed at us, cajoled us, and abused
us till the British lioa was roused and hurled them
from their Eta:: (lame:me applause,)—it is gratify-
tc remind them that their power was founded in
lalsaracd and cipre33:f n, and is therefore short lived

--(great applause). When I first entered into the
Corporation of London, there was non,. to support
me except the excellent and tried frienclw!os !od now
done me the honour to fill the Chair: undo- his ban-
ners I enlisted, and whatever differences of opinion we
may' have had, our friendship has never been inter-
rupted. The Common Hall was then a servile in-
strument in the hands of Ministers. They had only
to send one thither to propose a favourite measure,
and it was adopted. Every thing Was carried on
with shut doors, and no talents were even allowed to •
be brought into action. The Livery have now felt
their own strength, and I hope they will never re-
nounce the power they have acquired. In %.1 estmin-
ster aristocratical influence was powerful, but it was
nothing to what it was in the City ; for the Mi:iister
never attempted any measure without first paving
.the way in the City by a meeting of merchants, tra-
ders, &c. For the war there was a meeting in Mer-
chant Tailors'-hail, at which the war-whoop was first
raised, and at which no man durst oppose the Minis-
terial sentiment without hazarding his life t for a
friend whom I have in my eye (Mi. Favcll) very nar-
rowly escaped with life from that Meeting. Every
• mans life was then at the pleasure of the Miaister,
who made daily encroachments on the Constitution,
and had recourse to perpetual suspensions of the
Habeas Corpus. Another Meeting was held at Gro-
cers'-hall, in consequence of a Petition from the Li-
very in Common Hall against the war : at that Meet-
ing, which you must all remember. I must have lost
my life but for you. At that time, all who advoca-
ted Reform who opposed the war, or who disagreed
with the Minister, were revolutionists, fire-brands,
and persons not to be endured in society. Of late,
they have acted otherwise ; but they have done so,
only because they have found their delusion at an
end—(great applause). They formerly retired into
corners, and voted the public resolutions of the Livery
disloyal. Will they now charge us with disloyalty ?
--(immense applause). Look at the late Meetings of
the loyalists; they soon set a-kicking one another out
of doors, and it ended in a common squabble—(much
laughter). We .Jacobins. on the contrary, meet and
enjoy one another's society in quietness and social
humour—(much lauglAt and applause). In canvass-
ing, I found such a change of opinion, such a warmth
and feeling in viewing public events, as proved the
lively interest now taken in the conduct of your Re-
presentatives—(app/wise). At the same time I found
many who had no idea of making any other use of
their elective franchise but merely to oblige or serve
a friend. I hope those will soon catch some of the
flame which is happily now so powerful. It is most
gratifying to me to see so many of the lowest persons,
who are usually called rabble, taking such a keen but
peaceable interest in the triumph of independence.
Those persons are usually treated with contempt :
but is it not from those that our army and navy are
supplied : and shall they have so much praise for sa-
crificing their lives in war, and yet be execrated if
they but express a political sentiment? Of profes-
sions I have none to make My past conduct is the
only profession I offer—(great applause). If your pre-
sent Representatives are found deficient in talent or
in principle, your triumph is not therefore less ; for
you have chosen men whom you thought you could
rely upon, and you have displaced those whom you
knew you could not rely upon--(great aN'ause). I
thank you for the expres-ion of your sentiments
this time; I thank you for the exertion you made
during the election; I hope you will transmit the ex-
ample to your children, and teach them to act in the
same manner, when they find the Government of the
country carrying on measures inimical to the interests
of the ration. _ _

When Mr. WAITHMAN concluded this speech, the
whole company rose up as by one spontaneous feel-
ing, applauded by every demonstratiim of satisfac-
tion, and concluded by three most hearty cheers.

Mr. Broadhurst now sung the following song,
which was encored, and rapturously applauded:—

TILE TRIUJIPII OF FREEDOM.
To the air of `' Scott wha ha'e wi Wallace bled."

IC MP. I.
F.nglishrnen! the 'day in won !
Corruption's race of darknesn run,
Set, the deed of frendoin don!
I I Ail fur Viittvry!
Now he flies—Golith
Neer insults our hots
Free we are, and will remain
S.nin of Liberty!

Gentle is the summer
Lovely is the too:Litz 11.11:r,
Sweet the chorus of the bower,
P.un; the ss-:,lling sea!
Gentler—sweetee--(sona, of cheer!)
11e vSJ 11 , out.g of ttiunipil near;
Butler to the tyrant; ear
Shout; of Liberty!

rrinces in th-ir halls ut state;
warriors rourd that wait;
Nobler tar, more truly Great
Is a maim free!
Slaves! e. a throne that fall,
lie Is I•ifh above ye all,
11l that at the people's call
Guards their Liberty!
Mr. WA lIIIMAN proposed the health of Mr. Alder-
man Goodbehere--(three times three).
Mr. Alderman GOODISEUERE returned thanks, and
congratulated them on their deliverance from the
trammels which had confined all their efforts. Man-
kind would ere now have been much advanced in
science, literature, wealth, and happiness, but for the
preposterons systems of Government which had pre-
vailed, and entailed slavery, privation, and misery
lupon men—(great applause). He hoped that their
late success would prove both the commencement
and the stimulus to a better order of things. He con-
luded with giving—
" The 4603 Liverymen who voted for Mr. Waitbman."
The nett tout was—" tr. Alderman Thorp."
Mr. Alderman THORP, in returning thanks, con-
gratulated them, not so much because he happened
to be one of their Representatives ; not even because
of their choice of his friend, whose long, able, and
conscientious support of freedom, entitled him to the
warmest gratitude of his fellow Citizens ; but be-
cause they had established their own independence—
(great applause). It would be his duty and study
to redeem the pledges he had already given, and he
trusted, that when the day of account came, he should
not be found to have been unfaithful. His father, if
his age and health had allowed hint to h.? present,
would have told them what his principles had been
for .50 years, and from them, they might, perhaps,
have inferred his own. Of his election, he had only
to gay, that while Mr. Waithmati's was doubtful, he

• • • 9
1)94 no right to require their totes; but he had
aank their good v. iil and their affection for his Sill
SS.--•-frapturnriv applarve.) •
The worthy Chairman then gate
" Mr. ilyng, and the Indop.trCat I:lectors Middicset.';
Mr. BYNG said, that i!..ngiand, nay the world, was
ii'debted to them for the example they had given:
't hey had given an example to the powerful, the
they were answerable for tl.eir conduct to those froi
whom they derived all their poWer. The cilt..get.-as
Already visible: Those who had alwaySbranded them
as ftctious, disconte:lied, and dangerous, now spot
of their conduct a.; oaly constitutional oppo•ition.—
Nothing in his jtayntent, was so factioas at this mo.
meat as the Admir.istra-Ann itself. lie shotild per-
revere in the course whidi had obtained the apprr
bation of the peopled If he felt alarmed when
constituents felt no alarm, he would resign his seal
and not attempt by iris puny e!Torts to counteract th,
Igenc:al sense ul the people. The rret.cli Revolutiot
Was the fertile resource for every kind of alarm.—
Nothing had occasioned tte evils of that Resiolutid
but the ol;stilial.e tyranny of the old Royal Farm
of France. The prit.cip.es of freedom alone had
raised this country into distinction, and those princi-
ples wcuLl raise it still higher, if they were unchecked,
and generally prevalent.--( Very greet end kng con.:
linued appLi
Several other patriotic toasts were afterwards drat*,
and the company dispersed at a late hour:

t:cort, four
ranner
rd.cluz-,:ou
Duk blur 1
Luigi Sat bi
Elsht ii;
12 Truelet
Si
IN A flit
laidetN3e
•
TicCl ;eta
tar os
Otitnyt I
WcsivigsTe
yswlec I
sa—Ta
tLivai on
tZT
t...at
•
p-vurtit.r.
tt Erika. qat..:;
• iv who In
ism when !
gib Ozirt. Crow
H. if
6—As I
ts".c.l-A,fl
11 I: exdin,
Ciftrir,rn
v.:
•re.
'or I
+WA:
Lb,
Se.
De-
4.
Si
Ora,
X.‘je (
?fie, • ••••,
...e.g. F.
ova, ,

SPLIT VOTEi Wl=
T 2
= 4.
0. co •
, 453 . 25 F 7 L,134 2 2 ^ 1 5539
2547 ... 283 53 53 12 5218
5-04.354 283, 3 4 ... 4808
' V. 2 2 531 3 4 84
1
6' 1 1
2 ... 4 ... 25 .
-.1-n this abstract that Sir SAMUEL
