MAILS ARR'

1 Dublin ... 0
I Waterford..... 0
o Guern.& Jersey 0
o Buenos Ayres... •
O Amerkn " 0

A B. wishes to know whether any Agents for the
A • FRENCH LOTTERY can be applied to, for a SHARE
in the same, and whether such person may be found in London.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, JUNE 11.

" WINDSOR CASTLE, Juxx 11, 1830.

" The KING experienced rather less difficulty in his
respiration yesterday. His MAJESTY has had a good
night.

(S)

"sHENRY HALFORD.
" MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

Private letters from Paris, of Wednesday night, state,
with great confidence, that the French fleet, destined for
Algiers, had been dispersed by a hurricane off Palma.
We give the report—notwithstanding our notice of yes-
terday—because we believe in the probability of the
casualty. Experienced persons, upon whose information
we feel safe in relying, have ventured even to hazard a
prediction, that the pompous outfit of the French, is not
unlikely to meet with the same fate as the famous
Spanish Armada.

An express has arrived from Paris, with the Gazette
de France of Thursday's date. The King of Naples had
nearly recovered from his illness, and their Sicilian Ma-
jesties would leave Paris at the end of the month. An
arrival at Toulon, from St. Domingo, had brought intel-
ligence of the formal breaking off of the negotiations be-
tween the French Commissioner and the Haytian Go-
vernment, and the former had embarked for France. A
vessel had arrived at Barcelona, in three days, from Al-
giers, with intelligence that only one French vessel of war
had been wrecked off the Algerine coast; and that the
crew of 177 men had been thrown into prison. The fires in
the different provinces of France continued : and the great-
est alarm was excited. Troops were moving in various
parts of France towards the coast for the purpose of
forming an army of reserve. The accounts by this ar-
rival from Constantinople, state that the Grand Vizier
had arrived at the capital from Albania, for the purpose
of conferring with the Sultan respecting that district.—
French Five per Cents. 103, 80, 55, 60, 50, 55 ; Three
per Cents. 77, 60, 65, 55, 50 ; Four per Cents. 100,
99f. 90, 85c. Bank Actions 1900, Rents de Naples 85f.
80, 85, 60. _

Our attention has been this day incidentally attracted
by a paragraph in the last French papers, mentioning
that a Treaty was almost concluded between the Republic
of Hayti, and the Commissioners of the French Go-
vernment in that island, but that its execution had
been frustrated in consequence of some hesitation
in the mind of the President PETION, as to the amount
stipulated to be paid by the Haytians, as an equivalent
for the advantages supposed to be derivable from the
renewed connection with their ancient friends, or rather
masters. As we pledge ourselves to our readers,
that nothing shall escape record in this Paper, which
can in the smallest degree advance the holy cause
of equal justice to all men, they may depend upon re-
ceiving an early notice of the terms of the treaty al-
luded to, when they shall transpire. Every philan-
throphist will naturally be anxious, until he obtain
more detailed information—and he will feel almost in-
voluntarily, a similar degree of apprehension at watch-
ing a treaty between the President of Hayti, and
the representatives of his Majesty the King of France,
as he would feel were he watching a more ignoble con-
tract between an expert blackleg, and a country bumpkin
at a fair.

It must, however, be admitted that the present state
of Hayti, viewed in one light, may be considered as
highly creditable to the French national character.—
Must not the noble display of talent, intelligence, and
patriotism, which the brief annals of that interesting'
Island can already display, be attributed alone to the
liberality of the French character ? Had not the
masters of TOUSBA INT, of Cli RISTOPIIE, and of
DESS ALI NES, been Frenchmen, we blush for almost
all the other nations of Europe to say, that proba-
bly the noble experiment we now witness would
never have occurred. It was the generous education--
the time and opportunity to obtain instruction—which the
French Ministers afforded their sieves, which produced
such a result. Which of our Slave Colonies could furnish
men to negotiate intelligently, with Ambassadors from

moat adroitly diplomatic nation in Europe ? As English-'
men, we are humiliated when we reflect upon the question
—but it affords us still pleasure to do that justice to the
French character which we conscientiously think it
merits.

Although we cannot to-day gratify the friends of slave
abolition, with any information regarding the treaty al-
luded to, we think it our duty to call their notice to what
has been passing in a spot of the globe which once occu-
pied—in no inconsiderable degree--the attention of
busy man, but which now seldom attracts observe-
tion. In another part of this paper we have thought
it our duty, to publish an account from Malacca
of the transactions there, regarding the manumis-
sion of the slaves of that colony, which we believe
has exhibited to the world, the very first in-
stance of a voluntary resolution among slave-holders,
to terminate, at a stated period, their usurped authority.
Those who know the comparative indigence of the large
majority of the slave-holders in that ancient seat of Eu-
ropean power—principally consisting of the descendants
of the poor Portuguese, whom the jealous avarice of the
Dutch thought too insignificant to force from their homes
—will not be surprised that a period has been appointed
to intervene before the final emancipation of the slaves
there.—Domestic slavery there, has nothing in it to
outrage the kind feelings of a man's nature like the
field slavery of the West Indies.—On the contrary,
a visitor of that country can hardly discover that slaves
exist, except in name. At the same time, we think,
however mild its appearance, as it is essentially subjecting
one human being to the caprices of another, the man of
benevolence must rejoice to hear of its termination; and
we congratulate Mr. LEWIS, the gentleman who has
been principally instrumental in accomplishing this
example for the slave population all over the world,
on the conscious pleasure he must feel, to the latest day
of his existence, in bearing so honourable a part in the
glorious achievement.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols, which left off yesterday at 921 for the ac-
count, opened at the same price this morning; but soon
after receded to 921 to with little doing as yet, as the
speculators are waiting for the account of the landing of
the French expedition, as well as the bulletin of his
Majesty's health.
In the Foreign Market, little going forward, except
in Spanish Bonds, which are lower, in consequence of
their having come lower from Paris, where they have
been done at 12.—N0 arrival this morning.
Accounts from Paris state that the indisposition of the
King of Naples still continues ; a consultation of doctors
has taken place.
The same accounts state that it was confidently as-
serted, in the above capital, that two noble peers, distin-
guished for their attachment to the royal cause, conceived
it their duty, at the present crisis, to make known to an
illustrious personage, at an audience, that the unanimous
opinion of the electors was pronounced in the strongest
manner against the continuance of M. Peyronnet in
office ; and that an unhappy choice of deputies might be
apprehended. This communication was taken as an ob-
structive censure on the exercise of the royal prerogative,
and these noblemen are said to have received, on the. same
day, an intimation not to appear again at the Tuileries
until further orders. It. also appears that negociations
are still going on with M. de Villele ; and there is a pro-
bability of his succeeding M. de Montbel in the finance
department.
Letters from Pera of the 10th ult. state, that at one
of the meetings between Count Guilleminot and the Reis
Effendi, the Turkish Minister, exasperated at the idea of
any settlement being made by the Christians on the
coast of Africa, said to the Count—" We know the
value of your soft French words ; you held out the same
language to us previous to the battle of Navarino : your
purposes are to deprive the Porte of the vast resources
she may draw from the African coast. In this you may
be defeated." To which the French Ambassador made
no reply, but immediately withdrew.—Accounts from
Constantinople state, that the Sultan proposes to give
his eldest daughter in marriage to Held Paella, as soon
as the negociator shall have returned from St. Peters-
burgh.

CITY, HALF-PAST ONE.

Letters by the Estefette this morning from Paris,
bring the French 3 per cents. Rents lower, 77-50 ex-
dividend.
The fall is attributed, if no official accounts,
having been received of the French expedition being off
Algiers ; also to a report of the expedition having expe-
rienced a storm, and some of the ships having got ashore
on a foreign coast. We have no doubt that, on or before
Monday, we shall be informed of the true result of what
is passing on the African shores.
The funds still continue languid, without the lout
business doing, and Consols are 924 sellers for the
Account.

In the Foreign Market there is also a great dulness in
business. Spanish about 4 per cent. lower.
_ _

On Saturday afternoon, betwixt six and seven o'clock,
an accident occurred on the Clyde, off Dumbarton Castle,
which might have been dreadful in its consequences. A
boat carrying about 20 persons, who were returning to
Glasgow from Loeb Lomond, had put off from the quay of
Dumbarton to be carried on board the Leven steamer, ap-
pointed to bring the passengers coming from that quarter
to Glasgow. The boat was rowed by three men belonging
to Dumbarton, one of whom, particularly, was noticed to be
intoxicated ; and from the careless way in which they ma-
naged the boat, they received repeated admonitions from
the passengers to attend better to their duty, or they
should all be upset. On approaching the steamer the
boat was, from their irregular rowing, canting at such a
Date, that on one of the boatmen seizing the rope hung
over the steamer's side, the boat's gunnel slipped under
water, and instantly turned keel upwards. The whole
party were now iu deep water, in the middle of the
channel, and their rescue from instant death is chiefly to
be attributed to the astonishing activity and courage of
the steward of the Leven, who instantly jumped overboard,
and almost miraculously succeeded in placing the whole
party on board the steam-boat ; where, in his wet clothes,
he treated with such skill the infant child of a female
passenger, which appeared quite dead, that he had the
pleasure of placing it alive and well in the arms of its
mother, who, charged with the other three exhausted
children, was totally unable to attend it. Five ladies,
who were taken out of the water, were put into the cabin,
stripped of their wet clothes, and rolled up in blankets—
none of their fair sisters who were passengers, and who
had witnessed the accident, finding it convenient, although
applied to, to relinquish any part of their dress in their
favour. The affair, there is little doubt, will be strictly
inquired into by the public prosecutor.

•
r •
• )1(
64Ch 9,4
SIS
eites •
„rytailiCam
POcATISw'-".
