.....,—,.,—,..
if Parliament 'came to a tesoltition on the subjects{
"Age, should have as effective and salutary an et-
• simple as a direct censure would produce, and prevent
a reretition of the acts complained of in future.—
(Hear, heir) --alto wh:ch occurred to us on a review
of the *twit of these proceedings, was this,--
a. That the Boast sea, in the proceedings now
brought under its consideration, respecting the condi-
tion of the slaves in Jamaica, matter for further delibe-
ration and inquiry, and is /
onvinced of the props iety of
Ate resolution passed in t s House on the 16th of May,
)
legl..- There we wont have been content to close.—
We nidi to see that the law worked as it should
have done, and that it was calcniated to accelerate
and promote the anxious wish so generally expressed
for the amelioration of the condition of slaves, and
ultimately to annihilate the -system altogether. But
when I became u red with . the nature of the Honourable
sod Learned . 's maim, however desirable I may have
thought it that the iseiluider Willa the late trials in Jamaica took
place should be amended, atiief canna. Ur a moment, deem it
Just or experpen to lespeacirtie sentence pronounced before a cam-
pecan Tribunal—by Aron sword to glve their verdict according
to law. lan most anslouslit.' reard this as a reason why we are
adverse to the Hooeurabie an& Learned Gentle min's motion: let
it not be supposed that bit Majesty's Ministers are inclined to de-.
fend proceedings of this nature; but be it readlected, that their
ground of opposition arises a ,iely front an aversion to. impugn the
conduct of• a judicial Tribunal Isgally conducted. This would be
a most &vignette precedent to introduce. These proceidinp, how-
ever disgusting, being carried on under the sanction of a legal forni,.l
cannot safely be diSturbed, whatever we may thiok or their metal
atrocity.--( Hear.)
Mr. DEN MAN, in reply. aid he was most desirous an mail-
man resuiution should- go forth; and be assured the Right Hon.
Gentieman that nothing could prevent him. from complying . with
Ms suggestion, but an impression on his mind that he could not
with justice alter his revolution. The distinction, in his opinion,
was no other thaws quibbling fait*. The laegitap of his rms.
lution was meant. and he wasksitiled, in saying it was a perver-
sion of the low es Wag eight ma to trial, and execute them, with-
out allowing time for their dame. H. could not say the Judges
were guilty of precipitation in pasting elintence. but how could ho
withdraw the words of his resolution from the Governor, who was
bound to execute *doe in mercy? He was folly convinced that
the system of justice in the ealeMes mend not last long, unless Go-
vernesses Minded tioraelly to cede to them, and thereby make a
mockery sijeitloh Ho regretted that be could not accede to the
suggesting etee Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Canning), but he
felt it his bond= duty to the country to take the sense of the
Jima epos his maim however the fate of it might be decided.
The Home then divide
For the Amendment • • - 103
For the Maim - - • 63
Majority . -
After the original motion was negatived, and on putting the
amendment, which now stood as the only motion before the House.
. Mr. 'BROUGHAM suggested the propriety of withdrawing the
.
second part of it, and be thought if that course were pursued, the
Ham could feel no dilikulty in coming to an unanimous vote on
the li
Mr.CANNING assented to this. and the motion was put in
this forum.—" That this House sees in the proceedings which have
been beaten under ks consideration; with respect to the late trials
of slaves in Jamaica, further prasf of the evils inseparably attend-
ant upon a irate of slavery, and detivee therefrom increased con-
viction of the propriety of the resolutions passed on the 16th of
Iday. 1 On." , -
This resolution was pet, and tarried unanimously.
Game return to the gallery we found
Mr. DICKENSON moving for the appointment of a select
.Ceittriattee, for the purpose of considering the present mode of
assessing and levying County Sates.
The Committee was appointed.
sir C. LONG obtained leave to helms is s Bill to Consolidate
the Laws rehmtpLto Pensions at Odom ilearital.
The ststritesadias of the Promissory Nees BIU was postponed,
till to-morrow (this day.)
The 'noose then adjourned at On e'Clace.
