PRICE SEVEN &PEN CE.

WILTS AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY.
T" next ANNUAL MEETING of the WILT-
SHIRE AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY will be •
holden on Wsointeior, Magni IG, in the Town Hall, Devizes.
The Chair will be tales by T. O. liestouar, Esq% precisely at
Twelee o'Cloek. T. A. METHUEN,/
E. ELLIOTT, Se eretariet.

ALL Persons having Demands on the Eltate of
JOHN TODD, late of Charing-cross, Hosier. deceased,
Are requested to send in the particulars thereof to the Office of .
Mr. Baylis, Receiver to the Estate, No. 12, •Grafton-street
Chambers, Bond-street, on or before the 12th day of &plena^
ber next (in default of being excluded), peeparatory to the Ad-
ministrators convening a Meeting of the Creditors, in order to
lay before them a statement of the deceased's affairs; and all
Persons indebted to the Estate are hereby required to pay the
same into the said Receiver's hands without delay.
August 10, 11120.

FOR PRESERVING AND BEAUTIFYING' int TI 6TIi.
TAE. VEGETABLE TOOTH-POWDER has so
long been an appendage of every toilet of rank and fishiest
that it is unnecessary 'to offer any further-recommendation of is.
Being composed- of Vegetables, without the admixture of any
mineral or.peottekons invalids& whatever, it is free from tlii
usual objections igauut the use of other Dentrifices. Its deter..
sire power is just smillieissit o annihilate those destruetive
pinkies which adhere to the• Gums and the interstices of the
Teeth ; healing injuries in the former, and promoting a new
enamel (where it has been injured or corroded) on the latter. It
likewise imparts a firmness and healthy redness to the gums ;
and if used regularly, will preserve the Teeth in a sound state
even to old age.
Sold in Boxes, at 9s. 9d. by BUTLERS, Chemists, No.
4, aseapside, corner of St. Paul's ; and by the principal Per.
fumes and Booksellers throughout the United Kingdom.
N. B. The name and address of "Bitter, 4, Clisapeilir," are
engraved so the stansp and label attack.: to each her of this esteemed
Dentrylot, es distinguish it froas nuesannis undo similar titles.

SPEEDIMArS STOMACH !ILIA
A MEDICINE of regular prescription and esta.-
bibbed credit, is perhaps one of the most safe and eflioa-•
cious that can be taken at this season of the year, and at all
times for Spasms, Wild in the Stomach, Nervous Complaints,
to promote regular Perspiration, in Deficiency of Bile, and is
-Obstruction of the Bowels, in Heart Burns, Costiveness, Cho.
lies, Gout, Vornitings, and in Head Achs. On trial their hi-
trickle worth will piteie their best recommendation; they ate
particularly recommended during the course of Sea Bathing,
and drinking the Sea and Mineral Waters; also for those living
in Warm Climites.%
Prepared by THOUAS Strati-los, jun. Druggist, Tottenhatrs
High Cross, Middlesex; by virtue of an Assignment from 11.
and J.-Bestviek. sole ProprietorCof the Receipt, .by the Will
of AL Speediman ; and are sold ht.' Shaw. and Edwards, No.
66, St. Paul's Church-yard; and Bacon and Co. 160,
nslnsat; in Boxes, at 2s. 4s. 6d. 10s. 6d. and One Guinea ; and
'may be had of the principal Vindell of Medicines in 'Town
and Country.

•

HAYTI.

The following letter is written by a person very wen
acquainted with the state of affairs in the Republican
part of St. DOmingo. MOCil -of the letter, it will be
seen, is matter of, opinion, and the writer, though
well placed for forming a correct judgment,
dently sanguine, and somethin3 of a partizan. Thew
is, however, no doubt, that active warfare will-com-
mence between Christophe and Boyer, though we
think the success of the latter can scarcely be so eel• tain as the wishes of the writer lead him to imagine
COPT OF A LETTER PROM AN ENGLISH MERCHANT IN

ST. DOMINO°.
Port-an-Prince, May 112,*
"MT DEAR SIR-I have received your letter frets
Cape Henry of the 14th instant, and wilt se.
ply to your communications by the Ontario. It only
remains with me to communicate to you my desire
that you may,succeed in all your undertakings in
this part of the Island. being well persuaded that
whet you propose is for the good of the country.
The President€ and even the general voiee of this
part_ of the Maud, is decidedly opposed to any
kind of arrangement .sviit Christophe; and kfihnly
believe, that if the President attempted to fortn
treaty with him, he would lose the Presidentship,
since no trust nor confidence of any kind can be se.
posed in any arrangement with- Christophe. Seth
are the ideas entertained bete, and it .would be bad
policy to seek to direct the current of public opinidn.
They are.all in hopes of seeing the North of the Isle
under the sway of this Government ; and if it were
proper for ayoung man, with so little experience as
myself, to hazard an opinion, I assure you that I can-
not binder myself from thinking as they do.
at We can march from hece with 35,000 fighting
, men, not well clothed indeed, but with serviceable
arms and ammunition, which articles, in a country
like this, are almost the only clothing that a soldier
stands in need of ; and the fellows will fight. you
cannot but know that some of the greatest victories
of Lord Wellington have been gained while hit aptly
was ill clothed.
gg The little President is an ambitious fellow, and
you may reckon upon his always being seconded to
the utmost by all those who serve ander his orders.
,s I can assure you with confident*, whasever,the
President and lngeniac may say, that, one of these
day's,. we shall march against Christophe unawares.
and as to the result, he assured that it will be flange.
able to u%;..L have too convincing preofro... nett only
here, but at the Cape, to doubt of the result. Non
will see before Ion& that Boyer will beM the.head
"of all the Colony that has revolted from Francep ex.
cept the Citadel Henri, where Christophe perhaps
will be obliged to take refuge.
44 The President says very naturally, that he can
have no -personal enmity towards Christophe, bat that
he 'thinks it his duty to free his fellow•countrymeu in
the North from a state Or slavery. You
,may judge
of the justice or injustice of such an opinion. lt,tott.
not be doubted, that this little fellow addrtalents to
his ambition, and when these two qualities are edited,
and backed hy powerful means, we majt• opecs..
great events. •', •%)
" I _believe the month of Angus: is fixed en fix• a
movemept against. the North, but as •to the pkoject,
or of the plan, they have resolved on to Out lii exe-
cution, I have not yet 'sufficient information tic com-
municate to you the details, or, a certaio idea of than,
but you may reckon on my giving information by
the first opportunity."
