HOUit OF COMMONS.

Petitions were presented from different ilaces in Sunset against
the Leather Tat, and from the Cotton Weavers of Dumbarton,
praying fer protection.
Mr. DUGDALE rose to sorest a mis-statement which had
gone abroad in soMe of the Papers, of what he had said en a
former night on the subject of the manufactories of small arms.
What he then said wa* that though In consequence of the ar-
rangement which had taken place en the subject, much of the
alas in which bad arisen un the occasion among the private manu-
facturers of Birmingham had sutsidetl, yet that the arrangement
ought to be view/4 d with • jealous eye, as private manufacturers
could probably supply the arms at a cheaper rate.
Ihe Rape Seed Bill was read a second time.—Report to-
morrow.

The Sugar Bounty Bill was read a second time.—Report to-
morrow. _ _

In a Committee on the Paste-board Bill, certain Resolutions
were agreed to.—Report to-morrow.
The Hydrometer Bill was read a third time, and passel.
The Report of the Committee of the Rape Seed Acts was
brought up and agreed to, and a Bill ordered in consequence.
The Report of the Guadeloupe Trade Bill was brought up, and,
after a ftw words from Mr. GORDON! Mr. ROBINSON, Mr.
CAOUGIIAM, and MeCALCRATT, agreed to, and a BM ordered
itt cons:.quence.
The Report of the Committee on the Stone Bottle Duties was
brought up and agreed to, and a Bill ordered in consequence.
Mr. BROUGHAM brought up a Report of the evidence taken
by the Committee on the Education of the Lower Orders, which
w ordered to be printed.
The Report of the Committee on Oil of Vitriol was brought
up, and a Bill ordered in pursuance.
1 he Report of the Committee on the American Slave Act was
brought up, the Resolutions agreed to, and a Bill ordered.
'1 he 5a11.120. Preservation Bill was postponed till to-morrow.
The Report of the Committee on, the Coal Importation Acts
was brought up, and a Bill ordered.
The Report of the Committee of Supply and Ways and Means
was brought up and agreed to, and a Bill was ordered.
The Rvort of the Irish National Debt Bill was brought up.
To be read a third time to•morrew.
The Rcpt.: of the Bank Balance Bill was brought up.—To be
read a third time to-morrow.
CONTEMPT Of CHANCERY. •

Mr. BENNETr moved for a Return of the num-
ber and names of persons confined in the Fleet Prison
for contempt of Chancery. He related the case of a
person of the name of Wells, who had been formerly in
a most respectable situation, and who was now, after a
confinement in the Fleet Prison of 22 years, for con-
tempt, in a` state of insanity. Three other cases of
equal hardship and cruelty he related, and argued.
that there was. no proportion between the offences and
the punishment. One man was held in the Fleet for
a contempt, for doing what he could not do, and was
bandied about from the Lord Chancellor to the In-
solvent Court, and from the Insolvent Court to the
Lord Chancellor, though Jihad the .signatute of all
the Assignees in his favour. He concluded by making
his :notion.
I4r. M. A. TAYLOR. stated a case where a man,
after he had been 16 years imprisoned, retained in hia
possession a paper, which he knew the Court wished
for. He stated t:tis to shew there were cases in•
which the Court could not and should not afford re
lief. Many of the evils on the subject arose from
attornies. It'vras a subject well' worthy of the uteri-
Lion of the House. His. Noble Friend on the Wool-
sack, be was convinced, wished to do edery thing in
his power to afford relief on the subject ; but he could
not do so in many instances: For instance, in the
444 e of Pio Wool man alluded to. his Lordship could-
.

. •
not give leave toiArs hint. 'retried -to a Madhouse,
is it would he considered as an escape.. The neV.l.
thy of an Act of Parliament on the subject was there-
fore evident.
Or. WROTTE SLEY defended the Courts of
.Eichiquer and Chancery.
Mr. BENNETT replied, and the Motion was
agreed to.
A Message from the Lords informed the House
that their Lordships had agreed to several public and
private Bills—(For which see Lords.)
THE REV. JOHN GALBRAITH AND JUDGE FLETCHER.
Mr. DALY rose to present a Petition from the
Rev. John Galbraith, a Magistrate of the county of
Galway, complaining of harsh treatment from Mr.
Justice Fletcher, and praying for redress. He pre-
sented it from no private feeling against the Learned
Judge, but to show that Magistrates were not en-
tirely at the mercy of the Judges, but could have
redress when they were ill treated, even from the'
Bench. Th. Petition stated, that the Petitioner had,
in his capacity of Justice of the Peace, committed to
rntol the widow of a man who had been murdered,
and a man who had been thought to have been in
adulterous intercourse with her, on suspicion of the
murder; and that on the trial which produced the
conviction and execution of those prisoners, Mr. Jus-
tice Fletcher had thought proper to animadvert on
the Petitioner in a very harsh and unjustifiable man-
ner ; that afterwards, on the trial of a man whom the
Petitioner had committed for sheep-stealing, and who
KM acquitted, Mr. Justice Fletcher renewed his ani-
madversions on the Petitioner in a manner highly in-

juriOus to his feelings and his character.
The Petition was ordered to lie on the table.
THIL REV. J. HAMILTON.
Mr. PRITTIE rose to move for-copies of the cor.
respondence between the Magistrates of the cousty of
Tipperary and the Irish Government, relative to the
trial of 14 innocent individuals for an alleged conspi-
racy to murder the Rev. J. Hamilton, of Roscrea, in
the county of Tipperary. The Honourable Member
stated, that the Rev. J. Hamilton, who was a Ma-
gistrate as well as a Clergyman, took up fourteen
men and committed them to prison, on the informa-
tion of a man of the name of Dwyer. He agreed
with this man to stuff up an image of himself, and
place it on an appointed night in his parlour window.
Accordingly, on the appointed night, the image was
fired at from outside. On the next day there were
four persons taken up for this attempt at assassina-
don, and one of them confessed that he was present,
and, with the before-mentioned Dwyer, gave infor-
.MatiOn against those persons, who were taken up and
sent to a prison forty miles distant, where they were
kept three months till their trial; on which their per-
fect innocence appeared so evident that one of the
witnesses against them was immediately indicted for
perjury. But those persons applied to Government
for redress; their answer was, that Government
could give them no redress, and that the law was
open to. them if they thought themselves aggrieved.
The Hon. Member dwelt on the unmerited sufferings
of those poor people, and was surprised that Mr. Ha-
milton was still a Magistrate.
Mr. PEEL defended the conduct of Government
in this affair. Mr. Hamilton, though certainly his
device on this occasion was very reprehensible, had
on all other cccas;ons proved himself an active and
highly useful Magistrate. Baron Gorge, before
whom the trial alluded to took plate, though tic
condemned the conduct of Mr. Hamilton in this in-
stance, had on another trial found his conduct highly
prtise•worthy. The other trial was that of a Pulice
Officer, whom Mr. Hamilton had dismissed from
his situation for the grossest extortion. However,
the other Magistrates of the Barony restored this man
to the situation of Police Officer ; on which Mr. H.
milton had him indic:ed for extortion, and tried at
the General As:.izes, where he was convicted and
broke. This excited the animosity of many of the
Magistrates against Mr. Hamilton, to whose conduct
on the occasion Baron George and Mr. Cleland bore
the highest testimony. He was not aware that he had
any more facts to state, but with respect to the iden-
tical motion of the Honourable Gentleman, he
thought that it would plainly appear that nothing
had been done by Government to affect those Ma-
gistrates mentioned, and that Gentleman particu-
larly alluded to by the Hon. Member; and as no-
thing could tend more to disturb the peace of Ireland
he could not but wish a negative to be given to the
Honourable Gentleman's motion.

Mr. BROUGHAM thought that the question now
before the House tended more than any before agi-
tated to probe to the bottom, and to seek out the
causes of the disturbances of Ireland. It was plain
that the Chancellor in this case having had no offi-
cial account of this Magistrate's conduct, had not
given his opinion, or made up his mind on the sub-
ject till he had consulted three of the Judges, and
when he had received some repertsr and after a full
aid deliberate investigation his mind was made up
against removing the Magistrate, when no Chancellor
in this country would have hesitated on his removal
after the conduct of which he had been guilty.
Mr. MANNERS SUTTON thought there was
scarcely any man either in the House, or out of it,
who could attribute improper motives to the Chan-
cellor of Ireland.
Mr. PONSONBY did not wish to mention any
thing on this subject which might prevent the recep-
tion of the petition by and by to be presented. He
had been acquainted with the information in the case
which gave rise to the correspondence relative to Mr.
Hamilton, and he recommended measures of the
greatest energy. He did not wish to say any thing
against the Lord Chancellor Manners, but he thought
it most unfortunate,' that a Christian Clergyman
should be allowed to remain in office as a Magistrate.
who had furnished powder, ball, and pistol, in a
manner, for the purposes of murder. Though the
firing of the pistol had not taken place, the conspiracy
to murder was by the law of Ireland a capital offence.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD thought that it was not
quite fair to visit the Clergyman with the utmost se-
verity of the law, as he had been affected in a manner
• which rendered him more an object of pity than in-
dignation.
Sir J. NEWPORT supported the motion.
, Mr. DALY explained.
Mr. HurriE did not intend to take the sense of
the House on his motion, considering the inlorma-
- tion he had had from the Geetlenien opposite.
The Motion was oonsequently withdrawn.
Lord CASTLEME4(O4II brought up several pa-

. ,
pers by order of the House, retpectiug CAttnrci
foreißn States, which were ordered to be related to
the Committee on the subject.

MR. 0111 AN LON.
Mr. BROUGHAM had a petition in his hand,
praying for a redress of grievances from Mr. o,Han.
lon. That Gentleman, though of the greatest ch,.
racier and respectability, had been removed from Vie
seat of Magistracy by Lord Manor's without any
just reason. lie had petitioned the Lord Lieutenant
and had been re-instated. He was, after some tint!,
however, again removed. On appeation to know
the cause, he was told that there was no direct rea,
son, but that there were two statements against .
one anonymous, and the other gentrfal. He was re.
ferred to the Attorney General, Mr.l.turin. BT him
he was told that he was friendly to Catholic Emal„
cipation, and was, therefore, to be taken to be an
enemy to the Protestant Administration. The state.
meat of that Gentleman, that he had never lent !rm.
self to any association, that he thought it entaorf:iy
of any Magistrate to wear the badge of party, tt,,t
he had beep removed, he believed, from ofEceb;:ta.,t,e
he did not wear that badge, and bcc.tuse ct!crs 6d,
was what might be scarcely credited, if it was !let
too true to be disputed. Mr. 0' Hanhtn had bens
means of defending himself. He did not mean to dory
that the Chancellor had the power of striking em
name of a person as a Magistrate, hut he did &rot is
power of striking out a iiame until a fair investl.N.
tion had taken place.; it would not be for him tc,
so in that House on his own authority, but he ar..,
say it when he had the authority of the 1.,,r(3 Cvn.
cellor (Eldon). After some farther o'n!liitatior;„
the Honourable Memher concluded by mov.nr...
" That the Petition should be brcue.t up." Tile
Petition was then brought up and read ; it detailed
the circumstances of Mr. O'Hanlon's two removal!,
and prayed for such consideration as his case required.
Mr. PEEL should not detain the Parise by ann.
meats on this subject, but should state the facts
which would be the best answer to what the Honour-
able Gentleman had said. The Honourable Gent!e.

man had stated one of the best parts of the Lcrd
Chancellor's conduct in this affair ; that he 4:ad wft-
ten to Mr. O'Hanlon after her had found he 114 d been
doing wrong, and had told him that he had dor::
him injustice, and instantly reinstated I,:m. Was
there any likelihood that the person who had s‘:
nourably retracted his former conduct would be in-
fluenced by any sinister or political motive whatever?
Mr. O'Hanlon presided in one of the Courts in the
County of Down. There had been a Memorial stint
to the Lord Chancellor ( Manners), signed by sixteen
Magistrates and a number of respectable perbons, who
prayed that his Lordship would please to order Mr.
O'Hanlon to be removed from his office, as he fre-
quently used such language from the Bench as was
calculated to excite a patty spirit atirtngst the lower
orders, and that he supported nne particular party
against another on every occasicn. It had been stated
that Lord Manners had removed Mr. O'Hattlon pre.
cipitately and without due delibera.ion and investiga-
tion ; but a Memorial before him stated, that that
Noble Lord had not removed Mr. O'Hanlor. till he
had consulted the Judges, :Is on another occasion.--
Some person had said, that the Lord Chancellor had
admitted his haying acted in an arbitrary and gx•parts
manner. He had a letter in his hand from the Loid
Chancellor to Lord Do..vnshire, which did not chew
that Lord Manners hid so unfavourable an opinion
of his own conduct. Having heard the Honourable
Gentleman's statement, and having defended the
Lord Chancellor, he hoped the House would see the
real reason for his actions.

General NEEDHAM knew fourteen of the sir•
teen Magistrates who had signed the Memorial which
was mentioned by his Right Honourable Friend.--
They had always been men cf the most hcnourable
conduct, who had stood by their country in the how
of danger, and had done every thing in their power
to protect the property of his Majetty's subjects. He
had himself commanded forces ti)r that purpose in
Ireland, and he had always acted as he ottht for the
benefit of the country.
Sir H. PARNELL did not think that there bad
been that reason tor ►he dism•sal of Mr. &Hanlon
which seemed to be supposed by the Right Hon. the
Secretary of State for Ireland.
General HART defended the conduct of the
Lord Chancellor Manners.

Mr. JONES defended the conduct of the Chan-
cellor. 'faking all circumstances together, he thougla:
that the statements made by the petitioner had meat
to express entirely opposite to what they said.
Mr. HORNER considered that if the Petitioner
had not stated what was the truth, and if the Lord
Chancellor had .not made use of the language attri-
buted to him, the Petition was not to be rejected on
that account, for it was at the petitioner's peril that
he stated what was false. To lay down the doctrine
that the Lord Chancellor of Ireland could, without
tear of responsibility, act as he pleased, was most
unconstitutional. The Great Seal, the power of the
Lord Chancellor of Ireland as well as of that of
England, was held from Parliament, and they were
to be answerable to that House for any part of their
conduct that might ba thought improper. He should
like to hear whether any of the Magistrates who
signed the Memorial to the Chancellor were of the
same political principles which had been protessvd by
Mr. O'l-I,uilon ?
Mr. JONES and Mr. PEEL explained.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT was of opinion that as
long as the Orange Societies existed, Ireland would
never be at peace, and that if any Magistrate was
not very fond of Orange principles he'was not likely
to remain comfortable in his situation, and his bother
Magistrates might readily agree to transmit a memo-
rial to the Chancellor fur his removal. In a country
like Ireland it would be well if the Chancellor should
consider such memorials carefully before they were
acted upon.
Sir JOHN STEWART thought that there existed
as much or more party spirit in that House than in
Ireland, especially in that part which had been al-
luded to in the course of the &bate.
Mr. PONSONDY thought that the office of Chan-
cellor of Ireland was one of great responsibility,
though there had cases come before him, when ire
held the Seal, in which he would not have disclosed
his reasons for rzmoving men from their Magisterial
situations, though he was conscious of the propriety
. of his conduct in having removed them. He did not
thin ilt that the House could take any step upon the

• .• . •
•
object. an-
A that Mr. O'Hanlen must adopt some
other coolie.
Mr. BROUGHAM expressed his surprise that no
Gentleman had asserted that the allegations in the
petition were untrue. If this Magistrate had acted
iftte perately, why had no proceeding been adopted
-- re the other Magistrate, whose conduct had
sa„e__
ells equally intemperate ? He strongly condemned
--die-Government of Ireland for acting on this, as well
other occasions, upon partial information.
The Petition was ordered to*lie on the Table.
GRENFELL moved for Returns of the
moat of Bank of England notes in circulation,
-from June 1815 to May 1816. He should call the
attention of the House next Session to the profits of
tee Bask, and particularly to the annual sum of
moo which they charged the Public for the ex-
s of keeping their House, and which ought to
bfrayed by toe Proprietors.
The motion Was agreed to.
EXTRNTA -IN AID.
Mr, WILLIAM SMITH again brought forward
the subject of Extents in Aid that had been issued
item the Exchequer. Ile said these had been ob. '
tined on such slight grounds, that there was scarcely
ay roan in trade who might not obtain an extent
gainst another. Some people had obtained them on
fretence that they had not been able to pay their as-
sessed taxes. If such persons could obtain Extents,
toe was no pet son who might not Obtain them. He
hare of the Paymaster of a Regiment who had ob.
awed Ettents ; they had also been granted to com-
mon brewers, maltsters, tallow-chandlers, farmers of '1
9asaborse duties, auctioneers, &c. He meant now
woove for one of the affidavits on which an Extent
been issued. He should next move for the lees
gam to Officers in the Exchequer when these Ex-
am were taken out. His object in moving for this
was to thew the corruptions that had prevailed in these
practices. He had heard of one case in which the fees
and expenses amounted to £IOOO. There were officers
whose exclusive business it was to grant the Extents,
sindthese persons took enormous fees for this privilege.
It was therefore necessary to have a return of those
fees before the House. In consequence of the enor-
Len increase of this practice in late years, the
etecacy of the Bankrupt Laws bad been in a great
Leasure done away.—[Here the Honourable Member
quoted an old law, as hich declared, that extents of
ilea kind were not to be issued except in cases where
the King's debt was in danger of being lost, and that
the goods only, and not the person of the debtor
should be taken.]—He would, in the third place,
Love for the copy of a Privy Seal issued in the reign'
of James I. for preventing abuses in issuing Extents,
iaooler to shew what the practices were at that day.
He also should move for certain Rules made in the
Exchequer, relative to abuses of extents in the sii,n
of Charles 1. He did not think it woull be fit to
bring in a Bill at this late period of the Session to
correct the abuses in question t but he wished Cie.
several papers he was about to move for should be
hid before the Public previous to the next Session.—
He quoted the case of a paper-maker, who, by awaits
of an extent, swept away the whole property of an-
other paper-maker, to the prejudice of all utiler cre-
ditors, although the other paper-maker stood in the
same situation with regard to the Crown as the first.
He concluded with making his first motion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said he should not object to the motion. He had no
doubt but that when this subject came properly be.
fore the Barons of the Exchequer, they would take
care that all abuses should be corrected. The Court
had already interfered for that purpose, and, indeed.
te should have no objection to the establishment of
proper regulations on the subject. (Hear, hear.)
Colonel WOOD denied a fact which had been
stated on a former night, relative to an extent.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL assured the
House that the Court of Exchequer would take every
necessary step to root out the abuses in question.
Mr. C. W. WYNNE recommended a Committee
of Inquiry on this subject. He thought no •such
things as Extents in Aid should exist at all.
The several Papers noticed by Mr. SMI TH were
then ordered to be laid before the House.
BARU ACKS— It A LF.PAY OFFICERS.
Colonel PALMER took occasion to observe, that
as several Barracks were likely to be.kept up during
Peace, which would not be occupied by any army,
notwithstanding the extent of our Peace Establish-
ment, those Halt-pay Officers art our Army and
Navy, who thought proper to avail themselves of the
accommodation, should, in his opinion, be allowed
to reside in such Barracks. Thus a very meritorious
body of men, in limited circumstances, might be
eaterially benefited, without any expense to the
tublic ; and there could be no doubt that our Half-
pay Officers were as well entitled to such accommo-
dation as those individuals who enjoyed a similar ad-
vantage at Hampton-Court Palace and at other
places. Sure he was that such was the universal im-
pression out of doors, and that the arrangement he
Proposed would be satisfactory to the public, who
mast be naturally solicitous for the comfort and ease
of those gallant men, to whom the Nation was so
moth indebted for security and fame, especially
where such an arrangement could not at ail interfere
with eny view of economy.
[Here the gallant Officer was called to order by
the SPEAKER, who suggested that he was entering
into a question likely to provoke discussion, while
there %vas no motion befote the House.]
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, that be presumed it was merely the object of
the gallant Officer to offer a suggestion to his Ma-
lesty's Government, but he could state in answer to
usat suggestion, that it wa: the intention of Govern-
remittent to make such a /eduction in the Barrack
establishment, that very little surplus was likely to
remain for the purpose to which the gallant Officer
alluded,

MISCELLANEOUS.
Mr. BROGDEN brought up the Report of the Coinage Bill,
which was ordered t? be read a third time to morrow.
The keport of the Englsh and Irish Exchequers Consolidation
Was ordered to be farther considered to.inorrow.
The Irish Grand Jury Bill was Reporti.d, and ordered to be
read rthird time to morrow.
The Report of the Bank Savings Bill was, on the motion of
41. ROSE, ordered to be considered op Monday.
Colonel BARRY obtained Leave to bring in a Bill for the better
halation of his Majesty's packets between Dublin and Holyhead
fo;the CH ANCELLO L 4 of the EXCHEQUER brought in a bill
refrlating the South Sea Company; situ a Bill for coistinuisig
''"Silk Bounty Exportation Act.
several Ostlers of the Day being &OW ota die kkg"
"Vilifßed at Ten,

'flfl EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1816..

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT I WELVE O'CLOCKs
Reduced 621 OS—Cons. shut—for opening all}
4 per Cent. 7811—S per Cent. Navy shut —Bonds par Is. pr.
Ontnium pay. 24—Exchequer Rills, Es. dis. Is. pr.

We have more than once endeavoured to call the
attention of the Public to the extensive Emigration
which is now taking place, and which threatens the
most alarming consequences to the Nation. Not only
are numbers emigrating to America, where, becoming
cultivators of the soil, we might hope they would still
benefit us by becoming customers for our Manufac-
tures, but many of our Manufacturers and Artizans
are rem ,ving to the Continental States.
The door of the French Minister, nay, the street
in which he lives, is crowded with persons applying
for Passports. Thousands have been issued—and
those not to needy persons, but to families of large

fortunes—to Landed Proprietors—to Fund•holders—

to Manufacturers and Artizans of eminence—And to

men at the head of establishments who are seriously

contemplating the removal of their arts and their
inachioses, to places less burthened by taxation. The
extent of this evil will speedily be felt, in diminished
consumption—in the number of persons thrown out
of employ—and in the deficit of the Revenue.
It is little consolation to us to know that the per-
sons thus emigrating from motives of economy; will

be deceived—that they will find the expellees greater
than they think of—and that they might practice re-

trcnchment much.more certainly at home. AU this
affords but little consolation to the tradesmen who
will lose their custom—to the housekeepers who will
be burthened with increased Poor Rates, to support
the unfortunate dependents who will 'be deprived
of bread—and to the Government that will suffer a
lamentable falling off in the taxes. And surely it is
a circumstance to which Parliement ought, before
they separate, to turn their ni,,st serious attention.
Shutting our eyes against such esils is not the way
to avert the ruin with which they threaten us. ,These
emigrations wiil cast the nation many millions yearly ;
while the sum spent by Englishmen abroad will act
as a subsidy to our neighh)nis, and will be felt as
such in the balance ut tzide, thereby raising the ex.
change against us. Let the conduct of this country
towards the States of Europe when oppressed by the
overwhelming power of the now7imprisoned Tyrant,
be contrasted with the conduct of the same Stator
towards Great Britain, now that they have been
emancipated by our treasure, our persevering in.
dustry, our blood I and let any one say what
our future policy ought to be. Look at the
Commercial Regulations of other States the
Tariff of Russia for instance, and the revival of
the Rules and Regulations which were in force
during the war between Great Britain and that coun-
try—look at these Regulations and judge of the spirit
by which these .States are actuated towards their de.
Vereig•

Have we not reason to fear that we have been pur
suing an erroneous, and unjust policy, in contributing
to the sappression of smaller states for the purpose uf,
extending the power and influence of the greater—to
enable them to do what ? to shut out our roanulac-
tures from the Continent ; —Yes, this is the fact : and
the sooner we open oar eyes to this evil— the sooner
we revert to the good old system of encouraging'
and countenancing the smaller States, and thus
keeping open numerous ports for the introduc-
tion of the products of British industry, the sooner
will trade return to its former channels. It must be
iu the recollection of all our Readers, that there was
a period, and that not very distant, when we had
only one ally on the Continent who admitted our
goods into his ports, and this was Count 13/I4TINCK, the
petty Sovereign of the harbour of Kniphausen, whose
flag was exempted from insult, (probably from its
insignifiance),- even by BONAPARTI. It never can
be good policy in this country to strengthen the
hands of strong Powers, who, in the very nature of
things must not only be our rivals, but our enemies
in every thing connected with the pursuits of com-
merce : nor can it ever be sound policy to assist
other Powers in keeping their foreign. colonies in
a state of slavery.—Reverse your policy. If you
may not directly encourage the emancipation of
South America—at any rate do nothing to retard
or prevent it; for if, in the revolution of ,the wheel
of events something do not soon occur to revive your
drooping commerce—to furnish employment to those
artizans and labourers who, are now emigrating to
find their bread in other cooit:ries, you must sink
under the weight that now oppresses yoe—a load
brought upon you by your labours to emancipate
those very States which now seek your ruin.

By a Mail from Flanders, which arrived to-day,
we basic received a variety of Continental Sournals.
A corps of Russian troops to reinforce the contingent
in France, which was to have passed through Bava•
,ria, has been refused permission, and they must there-
fore proceed to their destination by sea from some of
the northern ports. Switzerland is said to be infested
by robbers, as well as Italy : they are dcscrihed as
Jiobanded French soldiers, and generally add the,
crime of murder to that of robbery.
• We hope that some of those who are afflicted with
the anti-social and non-British mania of spending
what they earned is Easlart''do and by the waste of

Engusb;blood ind treasure, will be deterred by thi:
state of the Continent, from trusting their precious
persons, and still more precious chattels, to The mercy

of foreign brigands.
The Aurtriaa Wierver, a pr per conclocted at Vienna
with great spirit, expresses the indignation of its Edi-
tor, in manly terms, against the rigorous and most
illiberal Decree of the Senate of Lubeck, for expelling
the

Jews from that City. We have given the article
at length ; and we are of opinion with the writer,
that the intolerant and persecuting spirit of those Sc.

nators of Lubeck, by no means keeps pace with the
enlightened ideas of the age in which we live.—
All that the Magistrates of a Christian State have to
do, is to see that the inhabitants over whom they arc
placed are good citizens, nor is the spirit of Christian
charity at all at variance with the principle of living
in peace and good-will with enr neighbours, even
although they are of the Jewish persuasion.

VIENNA, MAY 21..
The Austrian Observer of to•day contains the lot
lowing article :
" Upon the decree of the Senate of Lubeck, in
virtue of which the Jews settled there are to be driven
out of that city four weeks after Easter, we consider
it to be one of our most imperious duties to make the
following remarks.
" This decree certainly is the last that we could
have expected in the present era. Certainly it is a
disgrace to the times in which we live, to visit with
the most virulent re-actions, helpless individuals,
when we reflect, that by the 16th article of the Ger-
man Confederation, it was declared that the Jews
should continue In the full enjoyment of all their pre-
sent rights and privileges, and await a further deci-
sion. Hew can future Diets occupy their attention
with the bettering of the condition of the Jews,'
when single States anticipate all their decisions by
the most arbitrary and inhuman resolutions, and dare
to agitate questions before they are even suggested
for discussion ?
" There is in these proceedings a want of respect,
not only towards the decisions of the present Diet,
but also towards the first Courts in Genitally, whose
very foundations are by these measures most seriously
threatened—a want of respect too, which has declared
itself with the most headstrong precipitation, but
which cannot easily be justified."

The EMULOUS maa of war is arrived from Jamaica,
bringing letters and papers to the 29th ultimo. These
Papers make no mention of the insurrection at Dar-
badvis.
Extract of a Letter from Captain SHEPHERD, of
the Fortitude, arrived from St. Kitts and Nevis,
dated off Plymouth, June 11 :—.44 I am happy to
inform you of our arrival, after a fine passage of
thirty days : when we left the ivland, the disturbances
among the negroes had been put a stop to—awe were
embargoed at Nevis ten days, but ftvourable ncv:
having arrived at Barbadocs, we were a:iowed to
sail."

Yesterday, about one o'clock, the PRINCE REGENT
left Carlton House for Ascot Heath Races.

The progress of the Princess CHARLOTTE'S recovery
proceeds agreeably to the wishes of the Medical Gen-
tleman, we are happy to say her Royal Highness
had a good night, was considerably better yesterday,
so much so, that Dr. BAILLIE advised her going out
to take the air, and accordingly her Royal Highness
went out about two o'clock, in a chariot, accompa-
nied by her Royal Consort; they remained out up-
wards of an hour.
Yesterday xhe King's Theatre for the performance
of Italian Operas, held under a lease fur many years
to come, at a rent of 51.560 per annum, with all the
scenes, decorations, dresses, &c. was sold by the Mas-
ter in Chancery, to Mr. WATERS, for re 41,000.
. The following very important official letter (al-
luded to in our Papur of yesterday) was received
early in the week from the 13ritish Consul at St. Pe-
tersburgh
TO SAMULL TZIORNTON, GOVZIWOR OF TUE ROMA

cosselsov.
" St. Petersburgh, April 28 (May 10), 1816.
" Sta —I had the pleasure of writing to you on the 41st April
(May sd), by post, and two days after by a courier, with the
new Tariff.
" By these opportunities I communicated to you, for the in-
formation of the Court of Assistants, aU the details I could col-
lect, of this so long espected Tariff; and I have now the mot ti-
fication to acquaint you, that orders have been received with it
at the Custom House here, to continue in force the rules and
regulations formed during the unfortunate dill'erences between
Great Britain and Russia, and ever sine acted upon, though
with some temporary modifications on one or two points. I
shall, oa every occasion in my power, endeavour to procure
' either the repeal or suspension of some of these regulations,
which appear and are fell to be most prejudicial to the prosecu-
tion of that liberal commerce it is the wish of his Majesty to
establish; and I flatter myself, by the powerful assistance of his
Excellency, Lord CATUCAIT, my representations may produce
the desired effect. lu the mean time, I more strone,ly.recoin-
mend that all the, rules and regulations, and Custom-house laws
estatlished by the Tariff of lal 1, regarding bills of lading to
order, and other points, be most strictly adhered to, and that
the expediency of so doing be made as speedily known to the
trade as possible.—l am, &es "D. DATUM"
COMBINATION BETWEEN WICAVERS..—At 4 Meeting
of Magistrates at Chippenham, Wilts, on Wednesday
se'nnight, tive weavers were convicted, and sen-
tenced to one month's imprisonment and hard labour,
for unlawfully combining to controul the clothiers
there in the management of their trade, and for 'per-
suading another weaver to. leave his employment,
without his master's consent.—A numerous and ille-
gal assemblage of weavers, in the clothing trade, took
place, on the 3J inst. at Bradford, Wilts, who com-
bined to prevent the use of a particular kind of loom ;
,snd on Sattstday se'nnight six of the principal ring-
le seers were committed to Devizes Bridewell, to be
kept, to hard labour for two calendar months,, by a
Bench of Magistrates of the Bradford and adjoining
Districts. , .. . .
BLACKHEATH PEDBSTRIAN.—EATON, after having
.{one on well the whole of last night, this morning,
titer nine o'clockt completed, in great spirits, 231
'miles of bir Herculean undertaking.

4a••• • . ••
NMI" AL INTELLIGENCE.

•
FALMOUTH, JUNE 11.
Arrived the Active, Hostates, from London; No
sailituts. We have not received any intelligence from
thellatinah since the JASPER sailed.—Wind N. N Wo
fresh breeze: and fine. . .. '
PLYMOUTH, JUNI? ig. . . .
Arrived the Fortitude. Sneprattn, from Ct. kits
for London—pasted up Channel this morning. The
brig airmail-, cf Berwick, f.-cm London, bound to •
Montreal, laden with runt and dry goods, get On the
Manacle rocks, near FAmotall, hut afterward's floated
to SC3, was towed in.:o this port this morning by the
lisuza sloop of war ; she is full of water, and com-
pletely d;sniasted. When the .IAsPEn fell in with her
a number of Pilot boats were surrounding her, plwi.
deriog her cargo. • •
1 .
!.*Y.iRTIVO*.:rH, ;UNE is.
Arrived his Ntijrsty's shin Entsmous. from Ja.
maicA. Sail..d the .Unds4y, TURNER, for New York ;
A.beunas, WINToY, for London.

)-IEAL, JUNE 0.
Came down from the Rive:: the DEE sloop of vat,
and sailed f,:r Portsmouth ; the Invincible, How,
fur Prince Edward's Island; Indispensihle,
for the Scuth SltaS. The two lute:- re,t,:ain in the
Dawns, detained Iry contrary wit. d;.—Wind S.
D,Wpt, JUNE 1:3.
Sailed last night the Lord Dtincao packet, Captain
Pascoe, wit!; a IVfall and passengers for Ostend.
Arrived early this morning the French packet Parfait
Union, Captain MascaT, with a mail nd paesengcrs
from Calais. Sailed this day the Lard Duncan
packet, Captain HAMILTON, with a Mail and passen •
gers for Calais; also the Lady Jane James, Captain
HAYWARD, with the Right Honourable EDWAR,
THORNTON, Envoy to the Court of Stockholm, for
Calais. Arrived this afternoon,. the Pt:ncess A.
gusta and Ant passage vessels from Calais, witl
passengers.

GIBRALTAR, MAY 17. • • ,
Arrived and sailed his Majesty's ship AMEISA,
Hon. Captain Nifty, with specie .on board, for Enc.
land. The Ivrea frigate has unecrgone a complete
repair from the injury she received on shore, and wilt
soon be ready for sea. The Dutch squadron, con.
sisting of four frigates, under a Rear-Admiral, have
got under weigh. Lord EXMOUTH and his Beet are
daily expected, on their way to England.
CGS fOM-1-101.1A JUNE 13.
SHIPS ENTIMLIIOI,i-ctrAill, --._'he Eliza, Watkin Williams, Ihr
Dublin; Julia, John YeKenzie, for Hamburgh; Maria. Charles
Frederick Schubert, far Elsineur and Copenhagen; Vrow Ellina,
Jacob R. Berg, for Antwerp ; Nra. Sra. del Carmen,' Auglisdn
Sarachaga, fur I;iltaua and St. Sebaitians (10th April for
Bilbus ou!y).
