SEAMAN'S APPRENTICE BILL. .

The Ike* luting resolved itself into a Committee on this Bilt,
Mr. HUSKISSOI4 stated,that the object of this
Ilill was to remedy the inconvenience arising from
the unequal distribution of Apprentices in the Mer-
chant service, as.the law at present stood. It appeared
that in some parts of that service there were too many,
and in others none; and whether the law imposed a
louden or an advantage, it was equally incumbent to
equalize its operation. In time of war, he knew it
was an advantage to merchantmen to have appren-
tices; in peace it was the reverse. According to the
present regulations, ships in the West India Trade
were obliged to take an apprentice to every hundred
tons. His proposition was, that all vessels, engaged
in whatsoever trade, should be obliged, according to
sire, to take apprentices, diminishing the number in
those who at present were exclusively bound to do so,
and adding to those who were exempt. Those above
.80 tons and under 200, he proposed should take one
apprentice, and so on in proportion. He also pro-
PoveJ to give greater protection to apprentices against
impress. At present, the law protected them from
seventeen years of age for three years; he proposed
to extend this to four years. These were the princi-
pal alterations of this Bill, which, he was happy to
say, he had the sanction of the Admiralty in making.
The country would by it obtain a greater number of
seamen, and there would be greater protection afforded
to par merchants, and a wide field of employment
(Tested to a great number of boys. He had omitted
to state that the Bill provided a remedy for the.evilso
springing from a practice which prevailed too much,'
of men engaging on outward-bound voyages, and re-
ceiring wagei in advince for two, or three months;
and at the end of the voyage deserting to other em-
Pioyment. This Bill provided a .remedy, by which thel
elliense of obtaining fresh hands might be defrayed.
BEiINAL was Sit:ibilesi with what the Bill in?
tended to do: but wished the Melt liononniblt Gel!'
Iletnan would devise some plan by which the C:111)!
tam of a merchant ship might be able to administer
'ate correction to hie crew in case of insubordil
n;itkin. There was a code of 'Commercial Laws i!1
:Llllerica. by whirls not Only was this pewee given to
but the crew were also protected aksinst
Itronous conduct or ill treatment. If the Itlght

nourable Gerrifeviiat- kola' 1:1 such a san, to
would confer a raid bieatt.fin the country.
Mr. T. WILSON apiXnved e'Bill. .
Mr. HUME did not apprOve o 1 thit
went to extend an admitted evil beyond the sphere
in which it was at prelent confined. It was because
so many apprentices were forced into the service that
seamen's wages were lower than those 'of any other
class of labourers. He hoped he would attend to the
recommendation of his Hon. Friend (Mr. Bernal) re-
lative to the American Code' of Laws, The vessels
of this country were better equipped than any others
without any such interference. He hoped the Right
Honourable Gentleman would not hurry this Bill
through the House.
Mi. IILISKISSON assured the Honourable Gen-
tleman that it was not his intention to hurry the Bill.
It had received the concurrence, he believed, of all
the shipping interest, and although it was an inter-
ference, it was one which had long marked the pulicy
of our naval legislation.
Mr. RICARDO thought that . the question was,
not whether the employers sanctioned this system,
but whether the seamen did. By crowding any em•
ployment with hands, wages became lowered, and
thus, what was the interest of one party was not that
of the other.

Atu:r some further conversation between Mr. BERNAL, Mr.
and Mr. liesussor, the House resumed, and the
Report waa ordered to be received to-morrow.

ELECTIONS.
Mr. 11. 'MISS, pursuant to notice, one the list of
the preceding day, moved for leave to bring in a Bill
to enact the appointment of Asseshors at Elections._

Lord A urtiony hoped the lion. Member would
acquaint them with the nature and object of this Bill.
Mr. 11. MISS said that it was the same Bill that
had been introduced in the last Session of Parliament,
and dropped limn want of time for its due conside-
ration. He thought that it would be inconvenient in
the then state of the House, to go into a tedious ex-
planation of its details: all that he now wanted was
to have it printed, in order that Honourable Mem-
bers might have a full opportunity of considering its
merits. On a future occasion he would explain it
more fully, and, if necessary, obviate any objections
that might be offered to it.
The question was then put, whether leave should
be granted. A cry of " Igo," was raised from the
Opposition Benches, and the Gallery was cleared for
a division. No division, however, look place, and,
leave was granted to bring in the Bill.

LONDON DRIDGD.

Mr. Alderman WOOD brought in a Bill for rebuilding Lon-
don Bridge.--Brad a first time.
The other Orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at, a Quarter before Nine o'Clock.

PARLTAME.NTARY PAPERS.

A curious document has just been published, by
order of the House of Commons. It is an account
of the Sums of Money given or bequeathed by Indi-
viduals towards the reduction of the National Debt,
up to the sth of January, 1823. Thp.icillowing is a
list of these donations and bequests :
James Burgh, Ist Aug. 1809, £2OO 3 per Cents.
Admiral Peter Rainier, Ist Feb: 1810, £11,488. 18s. and on
the sth April, 1819, £lB7. 9s. 9d. •
Anna Maria Reynolds, Ist )lay, 1816, in &oek of various
descriptions, to the amount of 255,996. 7s. 4d. sterling.
Anonymous, Ist May, 1814, bth July, 1818, £5
—Ditto, 6th April, 1832, £306.
Ulehard Quarlermain, sth April, 1922, 2100.
Major Thomas Gamble, bth Judy, 1422, £14,300 Navy Five
per Cent..
The 'total amount in money is £66,626. 145. td. and the
estimated amount of Three per Cept. Consolidated Amenities,
which the above Donations and Bequests would amount to, on
the stk of April, )Be3, if the wb►le sum Mud been vested in
those Annuities, is 5e157,24.1.

There is no better indication of the prosperity and
happiness of the People, than a diminution in the
number of crimes which are committed and punished.
We are happy therefore to see, by extracts from the
documents in the Home Department, that the number
of persons committed for trial last year, in England
and Wales, was 874 less than the number committed
in the preceding year, and less by 1,469 than the
number committed in 1829. The numbers for the
three years being as follows :-1820, 11,595-1821,
11,173-1822, 10,369. This decrease appears prin-
cipally in the manufacturing towns. Forgery and
tittesing of Bank notes has decreased in a remarkable
manner, only one person being committed for utter-
ing in 1822, when in preceding years• there were on
an average nearly 200.
The balances of Public money in the hands of the
Bank of England, during the year 1822, amounted
upon an average to £4,107,853. The allowances
made by the Public to the Bank, for transacting the
public service in the year 1822, was £268,236. Os. 4d.
Th• net amount of Duties received on Coffee im-
ported into Great Britain, from the sth of January,
1822, to sth January, 1823, was £356,677. 12s. 4id.
of which £313,385. 7s. Od. was on British Planta-
tion Coffee.
A SCOTCH MINISTERIAL SETTLEMENT.

Sunday, the Rev. Mr. Ciiweettl., agreeably to arrangement,
went to preach in the church of Cray. In eenetquenm of the
maltreatment he had experienced on the preceding Sunday, se-
veral friends resolved to accompany him on this occasion. When
they arrived at Croy, the mob, through which they bad to pass,
presented a very formidable appearance ; about 1500 people were
arranged along the church-yard wall, twelve to fifteen deep ;
grouper were also posted on the road and In the adjoining fields.
Mr. Campbell and his friends. on alighting and attempting to
proceed towards the Church, were opposed by the women, who,
amisted•and encouraged by the men, violently obstructed their
passage, making me of the most abatis* language, intermingled
with horrid execrations. After an ineffectual struggle had been
made by the Gentlemen to advance, in which they were pekes,'
with mud, one of there, &Justice of Peace, directed the Mot
Act to be read, when an Amazon boldly stepped forward, and
snatched the book from the Gentleman who was reading the I
Act. The tumult increasing, stones flying, and bludgeons flourish-
ing. Mr. ,Campbell and his friends thought it prudent to re-
treat to sonic distance, where they made a stand, and the
Riot Act was again mid by desks of another Justice; but the
snots became more infuriated, and Me. Campbell's chaise being
the principal object of the assailants, the window* were entirely
smashed. sod the pannels were perforated in several places by
stones, and a person on the dickey had his head serionsty cut.
At Toraagrahi, upwards of two sidles from the -chttreh, the
airmen perceiving that • party pursued so hotly as to be COMP I
dcrably in advance of the main body, dispatcked Mr. Canmball
in another chaise, and facing about, succeeded to mill* *oll;
men and two women prisoners, whom they conveyed m toner,
Six of the rioters have, after a long examination, this week be it
committed for trial; the ineretigation.netlikhettisUSed, and IMO
mats hoes been 4050 for the apprehension of ,seumai.ig
and we trait I,ltatt the measures to be followed up.wiii
recurrence of proCkedinis which area disgrace to a ciiirtiki
`jos* famed *w the orderly conduct of its isbableants, and ',site
the sacred reverence with which the Sabbath was formerly sib-
served by them. We understand that the mil is tribemodeneed
on the 13th inst. and that it is proposed to pentept
.Mr. Campbell,
on that occasion, with an imposing civil foree.—AreeerterihneWal.

Y• • '

• -Lisaa

-----•-•-••••••••••-.-----...- .............;,..16...F.4.. .........,.
. • .
-;-,. ,
-..,.. ...- SPAIN. ,-...... :. r. •"I:. . apPri,4lll/41b1060nikligalantilegbareirligargla WO
__,. •
_,,` L . 1 count to the Cortes alike state of thikUtiepartnesat.
cinDlN4tti CytitTai staitcu'i.
gltiTtla
- INEl\'lzt7G OF THU Sgult.w. • The latest ac
KI'NG'S *Madrid state, that the
. • KING'S SPEECH. " • Government was preparing to leirve Madrid for Cur-
.
A letter was read from the Secretary of State-fot 'doiii. - 'rig Ministers and •ths-cortes teem equally
Grace and Justice, whiCh intisrened the Curses Am I,mardsesslso mysinivaissahe ositiossoWiltoitisi end, not-
the state of his Alisiesty's health did not permit isi " • seithatosidirg the aftwiiitsosent of a new Admiuirsca.
to be present :..t thtvopeairts of the Cortes, but that tioo, the conduet.ef the Mate "liiiistra.stasliniversally
Secretaries of State were in attendance to comniuni- appioved. I1ieteteltTell•coe44;n:esgiat $p iii siroutit
cate to the President the-Speech which his-ntjesty be enabled to tesist 'We v,,Rtatoatty. Om the part of
would have had the satisfaction to deliver, bad not r rance. Of this Loirsa - Sans. . the *rain« a
indisposition prevented him. . War, spoke most deeijray.- When the P.Ortti bad
The Secretary of State for the Home Department SallEtioneJ a law for the cisaectinn of twelve months
then handed the Speech to the President, who read it taxes in advance, *thi: &Tithing was asked, *bat
to the Cortes. It is as follows : - policy time could be in file imposition of taxes to
" Seat:rites Dapertes—The estraordinarycircum- be paid isa advance, while those in arrear, as was
stances in which this Session of the Legislature is then nOtotiou ly the case, could *not be collected?
opened, presents a vast field to the patriotism of the —" Our intention," said the Minister, " is to receive
Representative* of the Spanish People, and will ren- these.tases—aiot in money, for that is apt to be lar-
der it memorable in the 'national annals. wished by the rural popiikation, Who have ith market
" Spain, at this moment the object of the attention for their produce, but—in kind, and we shall thus
lof all nations, is about to resolve the great problem attain a moot important object—that of depriving,
which occupies Monarchs and people. In its soluticn in the least offensive or oppresive manner, the coma-
are involved the hopes, the feats, and the interests of try through which the enemy has to pass, of the
mankind—the caprices of ambitionand pride, means for supporting him. All the towns we may
i
The Continental Powers of the Holy Alliance think t expedient to garrison will thus be amply pro-
have now raised a cry against the political institu- visioned. Let the French army, then, enter Spain,
tions of this nation, sshusc independence and liberty and distribute its 100,000 men, which there will be
have been conquered with its blood. Spain, in reply found no 'diffiLulty in tieing, in Madrid and six strong
to the insidious intimations of those Potentates, has places iu the road to the capital, of which it may be
solemnly manifested to the world, that her funds- deemed prudent to secure the possession, and calcu-
mental law; can only he dictated by herself. late the number that will remain for active warfare.
" This clear and luminous pi diciple is incapable of The war on our part will then commence. Our trea-
" being attacked, except by sophisms supported by sury is exhausted, but the nature of the hostilities we
arms; and those who, in the 19:11 century, appeal shall carry on is such, that money may be dispensed
to this last reason, give the most decisive proul.of the with. We have a force of 200,000, besides 50,000 Gue-
injustice of their cause. ' villas, who, being furnished with arms; will provide
" The Most Christian King has said, that one hun- themseivei with the means of subsistence. Privations,
dred thousand Frenchmen are to come to settle the fatigue, and want of food, they are accustomed to;
domestic affairs of Spain, and to amend the errors of but when the convoys for the supply of the French
.our institutions. When before were spldiers cons- troops enter the kingdom, it will be seen with what
missioned to reform laws? In what code is it written courage and dexterity,animated atonce by hunger and
that military invasions may be the precursors of na- their detestation of the French, they will intercept, de-
tional felicity to any people ? feat, and carry them off. The bare occupation of a fear
" It would be unworthy of reason to refute such towns, in which their destruction is all but certain, is
anti-social errors, and it would not be decorous in the the whole of Spain the French army will ever possess.
Constitutional King of the Spains to apologize for the 4ein, to the eye of a stranger, appears without the
just national cause before those who, in order to sub- means of defence: we have little of parade, reviews,
due every feeling of shame, cover themselves with or large bodies of disciplined troops; but we place our
' the mantle of the most detestable hypocrisy. reliance on surer grounds—on the warlike habits and
e I trust that the energy, the firmness, and the unconquerable spisit of population and their iasve-
constancy of the Cortes will form the best reply to terate hatred of the invader'.
the speech of the Most Christian King. I hope that, The Bands of the Faith, which were mentioned
steady in their principles, and resolved to walk in the as one source of alarm to the Spanish GovernMent,
path of their duty, they will always be the Cortes of were pointedly named by the Minister as creating notte
the 9th and llth of .January, and ever be found in 'in his mind." 'They now receive,"heobiervecl, "money
all respects worthy of the nation which has intrusted and clothing from France; but when the invasion has
to them its destinies. I hope that reason and justice commenced, they will infants)), join theircoontrytien,
will not shew less courage than the Genius of oppies- and participate in the plunder of their former allies."
sums and slavery. The nation which capitulates with To the remark, how surprising it was, when it sp.
enemies whose bad faith is so notorious, is already peared that the invasion ofSpam might be prevented
subdued. To receive the law which is to be imposed by the slightest modification of the Constitution, that
by force of arms, is the extreme of ignominy. there was found no Member of the Cortes, however
"If war be already an unavoidable evil, the nation distantly, to-hint at such a prepositive, this remark.
is magnanimous, and willagain• hasten to combat for able reply was made toy the Minister—" He would
independence and civil liberty. .The path of glory is inevitably, before-he reached his home, receive a (hag-
already knoWn to Spain, widen the sacrifices, which ger in his breast."
this contest may require will be easy to her. Con- A dispatch from Count d'Asrsass, in the 11Wdrid
.stancy and patriotism •pveseut a thousand oesources Papers, states, that the factious, now cloecly persueal,
which, in the hands a Spaniards, always produce have sustained great losses in deserters and prisoners.
the happiest results. The party which styles itself a division, consists only
" For my part, t once more offer to the National of 990 or IWO men, and is commanded bribe leader
Congress the co-operation of all my efforts to realize ROY, having lost its perfidious Chieftains, Beillitate
hopes which the friends of liberal institutions place and lamas t theformer is at the head of only 40 horse.
:in Spain, by carrying into execution all the measures •
within the compass of my authority to repel force by exineer or A PIeIVATe &wren attoss PAiiiiii,
force. The seasonable removal of my person and the DA TED MARCH 11.
Cortes to a point less subject to the influence of mili- ii Last night one or two' couriers arrived from
tary operations, will paralyze the enemy's plans, and Madrid, bringing news to the 3d. -Sir Chatter Sweet
prevent any suspicion iirthe impulse of the Govern- is even said to have received news of the sth .or the
moat, the action of which ought to be felt in every 6th, and to have dispatched them to London, without
point of the monarch).--Tho Aimy, whose services allowing their details or their-nature to transpire here.
in the just cause are so great, is completing and or- By the courier which delivered the papers and letters
ganizing, in pursuance of the. last Decrees of the which have got into circulation, we have received th'e
Cortes. The victories which it obtained against the Journals up to the 2d. The King_ did not - open the
factious, are the precursors of others of a more im- Session of the Cortes in person. The reason pleaded
portant nature over the foreign enemy. was indisposition. The Sitting of the sicl wall very
44 The Provinces in general exhibit a very good important. A Member rose and stated, that positiyo
spirit. The evils which they have suffered from those intelligence had been received that thirty-Sae then-
who style themselves defenders of religion, have dis- sand Frenth troops were to enter Spain •on the dill
sipated the illusions of the ignorant, and convinced all of March. lie proposed, that the Ministers should
men that the Constitution is the only right path. be called in, and required to state what precautions
" The changes which have taken place in our fo- they had taken tor the defence of Our kingdern, and
reign relations have not depressed the spirit of the what arrangements 'they:had made to trunst•r, the
nation. The timid, who can never see the-resources seat of Goverstmeot to a safer placcahatt.M.adrid.
of the country, and the malevolent who would take —The Ministers, declared that they lied titkin all
advantage of its weakness, never can alter the semi.
the measures in their power for
,the defenee of the
meets of a nation punctilious of honour, and which kingdom against foreigninvitien, but that Ate', es-
, never was accustomed to make any compromise perienced obstacles in changing the.seat el ,ficiverna
with injustice. . • ment. The Cortes on this decreed, that o.ll:thia (14*
gg The different branches of the public administras lowing day (the3d) they would take into consideration
tion afford in general a very favourable prospect. the necessity' of changing the.seat cfGavernmertaiuld
The Cortes will, with their usual zeal, continue the determine the place to which it should be oats/creed.
important labours which have been commenced, and " The_ Russian Embassy yesterday received .dies
the national prosperity to which these lahours lead patches from . the Government of St. Petersburgh.-•-:
will consolidate the Constitutional SysteM, which The Emperor Alexander hal desired it to be ititnmo-
, valour and energy now defend. nicated to the French Cabinet, how highlyhe is de-
" Palace, March t. (S.gne.4l) " FERDINAND." lighted with site Kines,aposch at-the opening of the
A Committee was appointed to draw np an An. Session. ' When such sound doctrines,' he adds,
over to the above Speech, of whiCh allaconteeess ' are proclaimed from • the . legitiMate Throne Of
VALDES (Don CA ti ETA NO), SALVATO, PKADO, aired Frante, the reie of tilt Sieobins of Madrid is drisslw
'arum, are Members. ling to a Close.
The PASSIDENT adjourned the Sitting, amidst the . The King of SIIIIDES,- bre •Ekerfekii tho 18th of
acclamations of the spectators.. ----. . . . : , December last, has ordered-thittlakabliffilipM *tr-
. _ _ _ _ _ _ .
- MADRID. MAIM IL vregian '
His Majesty yesterday accepted the resignation of the Slave
the seven Secretaries of State, oho have bees replaced Swedish i
by Senors Don Alvaro Flores Estrada, fbr Foreiltn hated -the .
Affairs; Don Antonio Dias del Moral, for the ties, such protection
venunent of the Ultra-marine Provinces; Don Joseph An Eli
ltomai, for the Marine; Don Joseph Maria Tartikrit in Europe,
tar War; Don Joseph Terraqutu, for Grace nod JUS4 I ter, that tr
, lice; and Don Lorenzo Calve de Sums, for Finance. neon *the
. The seven Es•Minisera, who,. after -deserving the ' hng anti
. praise of aU true lovers of liberte during-their -costi4i!tbines or,
I-ireestsudiencejnatthtehe.eailiteastcht °fat pthuebllier ad.:whirs:6 •orerdeturnesir
40.
pior
:put dad;
;•
beasogLyes.vaitts•t:h,e
~,
ter
erebe
of she vainest sacrifices on dart altar of their country, " stance in jsoint
.a44..will_carry. with client,. is their :alinement to the l "Is is (soar the,
sapk-of Simple individuals,. the benedictions- of. all •I_staut.f.TiablStarri246,
Likvispie men, asueol..all true losers of -the Hbor-7 a "rilede:saa----' In that trade's.
.atiaii.aostatry, for site importaat serricasoihicb they' -.km'', an die rnr.d." . . , --WSW,.
i.haii. wades...L., .., „ . , ... -..,,
'Sronborit asap! crowd not oa-ity soal—,yew; as.
I w e Are aloittedl.ll4t the new AlitileterilliAlWS OMIT
. . .

•
ships which should-be.,.
.. car•
Tying la
ye Trade, shalffnifett:thelitptetihra of the
h andlittiivegiaiidevrratightt;fiirtratitig *in.
to laws nf thi Kaltdatkiltrit atidl he' denied
'oteaion if they 41y'rfri i:'''.-.. , i- • :
a ICAV A ttTICIPATiOgIii64I - OM.
pa, as a retehltittiii,*.i&Ficati u.
It we-were tnnatihsposqd-.t. pri4i ottiselis
ie funtre than thitpiiite*ltilia, Oh (hi' Wee-
t iei pathos 'ai *le eiviNfistiip cte44 tie Sit.t.-
werhinked and otos
.1 eepardisecilpeasies it a. ...
.The intioWinj 414rAct 4 x AOlikab 4if '
•• 4.-• . •
:, in iapPort et-the Bill fintfsbi&
1
the tribut of aieVid4ilkii'morei:ri;i.m.
rcobint: .. 2 . ;',.". 'I:. ':!:?!).1.T• "1.-tabllll
Maim: th disvAmeititiaeit tis IMO Inniesti I
tfi airtil rfit..4.llpub, Wing it lalep , Owl pet ' 4
0,44
a dirough the haterapreav,igethmkigAil - if ••
:1
aged in that tratiovill Awake Now iraph,:•kg baby •
es to the regal."
