PARIS; Just; MI.

We have made some inquiry respecting Pirnet. whose
arrest at St. Cloud was announced yesterday by the
Gazette de Tribsoleaus.

This individual, who labours under mental aberra-
tion, bas already beats arrested, and condemned for se-
ditious cries.

The Purchaser's Protection (Ireland) BiU was read a third time
and passed.
The Duke of RUTLAND presented a Petition from the Tuba-
bitaats of Glasgow against slavery in she West Indies; and simi-
lar Petitioftfrom two parishes in the town of Leicester.
The Earf CARLISLE presented a Petition from certain In-
habitants of the County of Wexford, complaining of peculation
which had been carried on for the apace of five years, and to the
amount of 50,0001. by the °Seen of the Constabulary Force in
Ireland, and praying redress.
The Earl of DARNLEY recommended the Petitfon to the con-
sideration of the House. He did not possess any certain know-
ledge of the facts, but he trusted his Noble Friend would move for
the necessary documents to enable them to form a judgment upon
the subject.
MISSAGE ram THE COMMONS.
Sir A. GRANT, Mr. Gomm:, Mr. H. Daumwoms' and other
Members, brought up the Church Brief Abolition Bill, the County
Lunatics Asylum Bill, the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Regulation
Bill, and one Private Bill, which were severally read a first time.
The Earl of MALMESBURY observed, that as the County
Lunatics Asylum Bill, except to one single chose, was a transcript
o(tbat which had already been before the House, he should not
moose that kin printed. On the motion of she Noble Earl, this
Bill was then ordered to be read a second time to-meerow.
The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Bill was also ordered to be
read a second time to-morrow.
The Cinque Pons Bill passed through a Committee, and the
Report was received.
The House then adjourned until to-morrow (this day).
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Lord LOWTllift took the oaths and his seat.
Mr. Curia, from the Treasury, presented an account of ma.
nufactured silk goods fur the home consumption.
The Retail of Beer Amendment Bill was read a first time, and
ordered to be read a second time on Friday.
Mr. TR ANT presented a Petition from Buckland, in Kent,
against Slavery.
A similar Petition was presented from North Shields • from
Saddkport, and Overton, la the county of Lekester.—Ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CROMPTON presented a similar Petition from Derby
and its vicinity. The Petitioners lamented that the measures re-
commended by Parliament had not been carried into effect. It
was, he said, most numerously and respectably supported.—Or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. MONCK presented a Petition from Clara, in the King's
County, complaining of distress. He felt convinced that the Pe-
titioners were correct in attributing the present evils of the country
to the want of some system of the same nature as the Poor Law.
of this country. Several remedies were applied for the relief of
the people, but not one had been found effectual. Much was ex
pected from opening the corn trade, in 1506 ; but it was beneficial
only to the rich. Reclaiming the waste lands would lead to no
substantial relief, unkss it was coupled with some measure such as

that prayed for by the Petitioners.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HART DAVIS presented a Petition from the Tobacco.
nista of Bristol, complaining of an intended Duty of three pence
a pound on Stem Tobacco. [he wisest course would be to take
off half the present duty. The revenue would thus be increased.
In Ireland the revenue had become less productive when the duty
was increased.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir M. RIDLEY presented, a Petition from Blythe, in Nor.
thumberland, against Slavery.
Mr. WODEHOUSE presented a similar Petition from Swaff.
ham. _ _

Sr J. GRAHAM presented a similar Petition from Redding-
ton.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILIBOT HORTON presented a Petition-from certain
Ont.pensioners of Chelsea, praying for assistance to enable them.
to emigrate.
A similar Petition wits presented from certain heads of families
lacer Paisley.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILMOT-HORTON withdrew his motion respecting
Slavery, which stood for Thursday next. He should propose it in
the way of amendment to the motion of his Hon. and Learned
Friend (Mr. Brougham).
The same Right Hon. Gatertment postponed to the Bth of July
the motion which stood for the 54 of the same month.
Dr. PH ILLIMORE 'evened regret that he could not bring
on MI motion that night relative to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. The
principal reason was, that some of the Returns, which were of great
importance, were not yet made. He should not proceed further
with the subject this Session, but would bring it forward at an
early period of the next. He was net the less deeply impressed
with the importance of the question. Nothing which be had yet
heard altered his opinion.—The motion was withdrawn.
On the motion of Mr. ROIMISON, a Return was ordered of all
Raw and Thrown Silk imported from 1824 to 1828.
Sir W. W. WYNN presented a Petition against Slavery from
the town of Wrexham.—Ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. Hums, a variety of Returns connected
with Savings Banks were ordered.
Mr. BARING said he rose for the purpose of no-
ticing a circumstance of some importance. What he
alluded to was the case of Members of that House go-
ing out to India to fill places there. He thought it
inconsistent with the principles on which that Home
was constituted Out its Members should retain their
places while serving in India. It was impossible they
could petform their duties to their constituents. The
East India Company by this means possessed the power
of depriving the House and the country of the services
of its Members. Canterbury was at present in effect
without a representative, but he did not speak particu-
larly with reference to that case. He should next
Session bring forward a motion on the subject.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT wished to know from the
Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Secretary Peel)
whether any Report had yet been made relative to the
office of Judge of the Admiralty Court in Ireland ; and
whether the queries which had been sent over relative
to the Dublin Police were yet answered?
Mr. Secretary PEEL said the General Report was
not yet received. The Commissioners were directed to
make a Special Report respecting the office of Judge
of the Court of Admiralty. He did not know whe-
ther it was received, but should make inquiry both with
respect to that and the other point alluded to by the
Right Hon. Baronet.
A message was brought from the Lords with their Lordships'
assent to various Bills.
