•- 4 .t i 6. ;
'• I! " ,!- • ' ; $ .
$ . .
. . . ' .....,
• '
• , FROM IAsT NICrifi"S.GAZEVIE.
.. —...._. .?
MII ITARY. PROMOTIONS. _.
OtDN ANCE-OVEICE, AUGUST 21. 1811. •
Lieutenant-General Umber Mann, to he It:vector-General f 1
Fortification,. in the rOotll of Gtaieral Robert Morie, rear .$
' Dated July e 3, Ist I, J; •
ununissions in the Petrihrokeshire-Militia, signed II
, the 1.,,rd Lienten.trit.
Capta'n Rieliar.l Hitvrall to be Major, vice Harriet, resigned.;
liruitottit 4,nytmlakro-ii so be Coir ain, vice 1-towor promoted.
. .
....inept'''. • ~ vice Janis,

F:77:

ZIT i7‘X
•

. • ,:8' 2r '` i - - ; ' - : - • .
~ .
.. • • • . .
time she meddled with the Clergy, ittur—. ;;;.i.....
.(mikrniurs'ef truapprobalion.) I say, that if we du thes:t
• things, we shall be liable to excommunication."
4 Coniblued itynnurb)
[The Vice President pOinted Out with 'much mild.
'•rieis the circluhsflection which ought
.to be observed'
in the Congress, but Father Lopez renewed his speech
with great feryeux—;."/Yes, Senor, what I say is in
7he-tiooks, and% the. Gospels.")
Senor Tolman° interrbpted him. asking whether
testaments and last wills were spoken of in the Gos-
pels ?-^" I know what 1 ' - " continued the orator,

. .
their colonies in the strictest dependence, and that in
the reciprocal commerce between them end the mo-
ther counts?, every Thing must be English ;'the goods,
the.ownerships, the vessels, the seamen, all must be
national, under the most rigorous penalties. To this
well-planned arrangement that nation owes itcproi•
perity and its wealth ; and shall they be the peoplel
to propose that Old Spain should die, in order le)
-communicate to her children heyonJ the sea an ap-
pearance of life, which would also lead them to the
tomb ? It is manifest that it would only be for the
interest of England.

•
ter eccomring the bridge.of Cobroges, nntwithstanl
ing the obstacles the sterns presented, which gave the
enemy time to seize upon the heighti of Cartso, is
order to secure their retreatt
The advance of bothoolemos conreeneed firing,
end at a trifling.ezpen* after a kw discharges of
artillery. they (+Wird the enemy to Abandon his poi
' don, and retreat by the mai of Valananans. Our
trams made thethselves masters of Basheca.in.syhich
point they remained.
Whilst this was - on war sight. a strong co.
lumn, star . marched et beettikt

awing
, accompanied by the
day to the bridge of Orbigo. and placed upon its at
in the neighbourhood of this point. some forces
.upon the heights from Sautibasto and Eshvaas. and
pushed forward their advance. The enemy only .4.-
lovred . -

I.leut-evato S•epitPoNl•Dtopald to be Fast Lieutenant.,
ptornotrd. All da•ott Italy 4.3, !till. •
Commission signed by LOrd,Litutenarst of tile
,County of Ayr. •
-Cray FA Itina,r, Esq. to be DeptitT-Lietttematt. Rated

say,
and there are some here who updartstand me. We
should recollect that our Kings in other times acted
very cautiously in these matters ; the visible head of
the Church c.rs•alone proceed in 'these matters—let
it

" The provinces of America and those of Spain
United, form the entire of the nation, which, studying
its own prosperity, and the means of supporting its
dign;r•- look only to the common weal.

J;

James ~
- :v, should . oily to -
Augti a 4, !NCI. --:
'-
- - --,--
/ VANKRI.II)Ter ENLARGED. . be understood that in all times those who have laid i• -,- The Gallician, the Biscayan, the Valeacian, the , - their grand guard of cavalry to remain,
°mho. i 1 Rahmel Show, late of Ldwori.', Lancashire, calico- I violent kenos on church property have suffered fur it. 1 Mexican, and the Peruvian, should enjoy, by law, I -also retired upon Keing our scouts.
. • printer, dealer and chapman, at ten, at Guildhall, London. . h..
Ik a iie murmurs of disapprobation increased so much, I a.perfeet equality of rights and freedom of action.- Shortly after, some enemy's columns were ()SKr%
Sept. ... S. Itoliert Salmon, of Tavistock-street, Covent-Garden,
that we could not hear the conclusion of this long i 'rhos, while the Spaniard, whether American or En- ! ed beginning to retire, which had departed from It -
• Midelfesex, Aliemetrarr, at eleven, at Guildhall.
dISCOUFSe.) . ropean, possessed the same liberty of trading, of na. ; Beira by the road of Leas, and marched with the in.
Sore 21: Joint Wilson, latent Crotched Friars, London, but now
,• of Wandsworth-Read, Surrey, merchant, at ten, at Guildhall. I The Senot Bishop, of Ca totooafta supported the i vigning, of establishing manufactures, of cultivating -most haste for S. Maden, on observing the signs of
:•;' . BANKRUP I'S. . plan as just and necessary, under the present circum- ', the fields, and of obtaining offices either Isere or there, smoke from &whew*, and the noise and smoke u 1
. ' Williq !
n lame, of Maetiesfield, Chtslore, druggist: dealer and stances ;it was intended for the relict of the most me- without distinction, and in conformity to the laws, cannon from the neighbourhood of that town, mad
: - chatintin;to surretolt r september to at eleven, Sept. 28, and
ritorious class in the nation, namely, the defenders of inequality would have no
I existence. Ido not here passing the river without giving a single discharge of
October is, o ten, at Guildbad, Lontion. Attornies, Messrs.
Lawless and Cros..eS, Sc. t.lildreel's•crintt, Poultry. the c try, who from serving their country were suf. i speak of reforms and changes which must be made - musketry, or retarding us for a moment
Isaac Weston, now or late of .l. tweesbury, Gloticestershire. ferin nan hospital. lin order to cut off abuses and remedy errors ; for it This circumstance immediately made known the::
draper, grocer, dealer and eh:lnman, September 17, at five, . Atter some farther discussion, the measure was put 'is manifest that this must be done without delay in ' fear that some Other cola= was marching to sia-
Sept. lit, rid October 15, at eleven, at the Swan Inn, Te,wkes. to
the vote, and approved of with two amendments,; both hemispheres, in spite of those who have fattened round them, or that some particular Cllll5l obliged
• . bury. A I osties, Messrs. %Vtetcombe and King, Serjeant s-lon,
Fleter-streer, London ;or Mr. Harris, Tewkesbury. suggested by Senors Arguelles and Villanueva. ! upon disorder and iris-rule. 'them to take that measure. Three thousand inter,
24a bawd atunit, late of Wickham Market, Suffolk, miller, dealer ARTICLE COMMUNICATED TO THE asnacton GENERAL ! " But to return to the subject :In my mind, the ins.: try, and 2.50 horses, with throe cannon, were those
and chapotan september lii, at six, stilt. 17, and October 15, :
OF CADIZ. I mediate ruin of Spain, the mother country, is certain who retreated as our column advanced. prepared la
at Hey n. at the Crown Inn, Woodbridge, Suffolk. Attorntes, . occupy the line or fallow their movements. Parties
" Cala. July 31. 11111- and positive, if England is admitted to the commerce
• • Mr. Jeslin Wood, Wrseelbridge; or Mr. James, Bucklersbury. , "
It is publicly talked of, that the Cortes are a secondSpanish
Rochard Kmebin, of Evettiani, Hants, common carrier, dealer
o, :win. 27; at two, Sept. DR, at eleven, and Octo- time discussing an application from the English Go- little less distant ; for her agriculture, her arts, and " their motions-
tawnde lc.'ic,dPatutawt is. a' the George lan. Odihani, Hams. Atrornies, verament, that a free commerce with Spanish Ame- , industry, which require so much cherishing, will be ! At sun-set of the mine day the enemy enflame:ice!.
Mr. I cannier, Ahon, Hants; or Mr. Dyne, No. 59, Lincoln's !Ica should be opened to its subjects. I observe that -
foloil..•tas, 1.0. don .
' many people assent to this concession with as much • suffocated by their inability to bear competition. We their march with great precipitatiorrfrons St. Martin
del Caminho towards Leon. The enemy passed the
James Drew a..d Reziert M.Naught, of Manchester, cotton-spin- facility I ought not to purchase, at the expellee of our ruin, the
as if it was a mere trifle ;and on hearing that ithough it should be
nem, partners, dealers avid chapmen, September 26, MO, andassistance of the English, even night in Can Miguel, and the cavalry in Valued:v.
October 15, at two, ..t the 1 - Mosley Arms Inn, Manchester -in return 13r it, the pacification f the separating pro!!
i such as to rid Spain entirely of the French ; they half a league from the said city, in the morning, and
ottooleo s-:ease. Moon. and Kirk, Manchester; or Mr. vinces in that hemisphere, and the resumption of the - ought to assist us generously, or under equitable directed their march towards Valeucia.
• Itaipli Ellis, Cltaticery-latie, London. ' offensive against the French in Spain, are promised,
Thomas Guillaume the younger, of :Southampton, ship-builder, , equivalents, it being understood that they have the I . LISBON, AUGUST 16.
those who oppose the concession are in danger of
.lealer and chaynian, Sepsembs r us, at one, Sept. 24, at eleven,same interest with ourselves in the unrest. But if, ! We have received the first Gancue from Oviedo,
and October t 5, at env, at the Vine Inn, Southampton. Attar. being reputed by some, the enemies of their country. from a disgraceful avarice (which lam very far fr;n dited the 26th of July. We have thought it proper
• Dry, Mr l'homae isitchols, Southampton. iln truth, I should feel extremely hurt on being • ascribing to that noble and generous nation), they to make the following extract as peculiarly applicable
• Ki!:l,to a Rugg, of Catdiff, Glamorgansbire, cabinet-mahar, shop. convinced that England demands payment for her
keeper, dealer and chalnan, etiept .4, 16, and October 15, at .. . very in-: refuse to give us assistance (which would be
aid in opposing an enemy as much hers as ours,
eleven, at ,he Rummer Tavern, in Drtstol. Attornies, Mr. _ ' jurious to themselves). let us prefer a noble perseve- ,i The Superior Junta of th-Is principality, at length
James, No. 12, Gray's-Inn-square, Loudon; or Messrs Mor- , and that she refuses her active co-operation because ranee in the struggle with the French, leaving to ' restored te the province, and desirous to contribute by
gate and Liven, }kiss il, this payment is not afforded to her ; or that she posterity a memorial of our heroism. Let us prefer every ppssible means to the general restoration of the
Thea Las Brett and John stoever, of Puddle Dock, London, sugar authorises, protects, or assents to the rebellion and
veneers and copartners, Sept. 7, 25, and October 15, at! twelse,
separation of an integral part of the Spanish nation 'the last extreme of a terrible death in battle, to the country, has resolved to continue the periodical paper.
at Guildhall. Atiot my, NB% Glutton, St. .1 bumas s-street, : ruin, the humiliation which would await us, from the . interrupted by various accidents during the latter
I because she is not made mistress of theoiches which - misery, the poverty, and desolation to which we
Southwark. months of their residence in Navia.
DIVIDENDS: :it produces. If this is so, I would ask the suppor- • •
should be reduced if without commerce vtithAmerica, 1 "We have three times seen in Spain a state of
Edward Butler, late sof Deptford, Kent, common-brewer, Sept. ten of this proposal, whether, circumstances being which would leave us in such a state of weakness,. -
things capable of dismaying the most resolute; but
26, at ten: at Guddhail.-Richerd Read, of Luthbury, London, changed, and we continuing in that friendship and
tic a., warehouseman, dealer and chapman, October 12, at ten, . that even the Laplanders might subjugate us, if they ;-Spaniards have in their character an intrepidity anti
st: juil.'le .- i
all CI arles Muss, of No. N, Thanet-pace, Strand, union which I wish with England, she should be in chose to abandon their barren sands for the fertile firmness, which do not enter into the calculations of
sia.a amid china enameller' Sept. 14, at ten, at Guildhall.-Thos. want of our assistance in a cause which was also fields of Spain. J; to DE .0 an ordinary policy. Thus, at the expiration of a three
liarintham, of Grimsby, Lincolnshire, merchant, at two, at the our own, and in return for this co-operation we should'' PALENCIA, JULY 9.
Granby Inn, Griansby.-John Atlsopp, of Winchester, Hanes years struggle, the Tyrant has made no progress ;
exact the abrogation of the famous and rigorous na- -
sii .-weaver, Sept. 24, at twelve, at Guildhall-lames Cooke, of .. . To-day the intrusive King entered this city,accom- and the Spaniardsh •
than Spain are more heroic ever.
Moiety-street, oloaorair, London, wine.nterchant, Sept. t:4 eat . vigation act, the origin and cause of her prosperity, panied by his accustomed committee, with an escort I has at all times produced extraordinary men, worthy
ten, at GuildhatL-Owalter llorranskill Lansdale, late of Green- what would the English people think of us ? In my .of 2000 men. Two hours after his arrival he ordered '
iof an immortal name; but to stimulate mow that
Leauce-lane, Londoe, insurance-broker, October 5, at twelve, mind the cases are perfectly parallel. i the Canons before him, whom he reprehended vet I disposition to heroism, it is necessary to publish some
at Guildtsall-George King, of Hampstead, Middlesex, 611 - 1 "Be this as it may, it is my anxious wish that some- severel h • t th the alarm in which the •
y, eon uting o em
keeper, dealer and cbapman, October 5, at eleven, at Guildhall. particular facts, and to bestow the merited eulogiums
luminous treatises - •
1.) wad l' Baler
My els, late of Stamford, Lincolnshire, draper,places were, by inducing the people to fear the ' the defendersof liberty and their county. Would
; on
dealer aid eh:Lyman, Sept. 26, at eleven, at the George Inn,Stam- Lion, which involves nothing less than the fate of the French ; he told them he was as much a Spaniard as it not be a lamentable thing, that, to the evils bf a
ford.-jease Jackson, ot Leicester, hosier, October 1, at ten, at nation, in order that the Cortes, who are to decide it they were, and that therefore he wished for the trail-' slavery of 17 months which this province has suffer.
Cm Blue Bill lon, Leicester.-Francis liardenberg, of Mount- by their votes, may form a sate opinion upon it. For
kreet, Grosvenor-square, s'atuary, Sept. 14, at twelve, at Guild- " quality of Spain, which would be obtained if they I ed. should be added that of burying in oblivion the
ha 1.-Daniel Gray, late of Long Nitlford, Suffolk, grocer rod .though I am fully persuaded of the talents and pro- fulfilled their duty by bringing to his luny Porlier, I noble deeds of certain natives of the Asturias, as
dr::per,Sept, 4.4, at eleven, at the Griffin lan, Match, isle of Ely‘ found knowledge in every department which are col- Juan Martin, Mina, and others, whom he offered to:
, i well peasants as military men, and thus depriving
Jo it Akorrall, of Warriegtost, Laticashire, flour-dealer, at eleven . lected in that body. yet thew are many of them to • employ in the most elevated situations ; that, on the • ourselves of the happy effects which the itlition•exa
• at the George Inn, Wart irigton.-Vi'illiant Millburn, of Canton,, whom the subject is little known. It were also to be
Yorkshire, taliner, Sept. 27, a eleven. attbe Falcoo Inn, York.- ! .ed, that the Cortes, before coming to a resoln. ~
contrary, the war would be interminable, and Spaoi display of their glorious atehievements mnic produce
:
Joshua Evans, of lio!ton.le-Moors Lancashire, cotton.manufac- ,wish niards would suffer, since the Spanish territory would in others. T 'These are the reasons that the Supreme
Corer, Sept. 2.1, at eleven, at the El-Ike-Inn, Bolton.k.moors.- ' tion, would hear with attention, and without prejuolhave to continue the war, although he should feel Junta, in .the midst of the serious occupacans whch
• Peter Biggs, of Gloucester-Terrace, Catition.stteet Road, Mid- • dice, the individuals or coleorations who must be well himself obliged to retire to the Ebro. I surround them, have anxiously dewed :hat some per-
, dlesex, auctioneer, Sept. 28, at ten, at Guildhall. ! acquainted with it ; for I observe with pain, that it is i These and other follies of which this poor man was ! - would undertake the editing of too periodical
-of - - - - - fears,

PAR:INERSHIPS VISSOLVE.D.
•J. Galan, J. Nharp, and W. I.Vhitchouse, of Liverpool, mer-
ehants—J. Woodward and H. I..ratibeater, of Aldersgate-street,
glove:s.—W. and .1. W arre, ot, London—W. Hampton and J.
of Maticheoer, apurtle•wikrrs--M. 1): IL:clung and F.
Se4:rerao, of tne Old Pay-utEcr, mato ance-brokers—R. Harr►son
and J. birch, of Chester, saillers-,—.1. Dawes wed J. Grace, of
Che,tar, di op,gists--5. Hurt.and .1. Shelon, of Birrninghani, pa-
tent lamp wantnactuiori—J. iteece and W. Dodd, of Tarvin,
Cheshire, millers—Graves, Swaio.•, and Marde•n, of St. Mar-
garet's-hill, bout hwar k, hop-factors—G. W. bin gess and L•'. Cot-
ter, of isristul, couch dlittf 5.
•

all the rage to slight the reasonings _ those, who,
from their commercial relations, are suspected •of
speaking only from private interest, without weighing 1
their intrinsic validity. On all other subjects we make
enquiri.:s of those who are particularly conversant
with them—ot the architect in the rebuilding of a
huuse—of the physician for cui ing a disease—of the
upholsterer in the selection of furniture ; and we do
nor reject their advice because they may have an in-
terest in the decision. On the subject, then, of open-
ing the commerce of America, of which the mer.
chants have an immediate and practical knowledge,
are they to be refused a hearing on the pretence of
personal interest ? But how erroneotss is the suppo-
sition, that the commerce of America is beneficial to
the small body of merchants alone ! In the same
manner as agriculture, arts, and manufactures, dis-
tribute their advantages through the general mass of
nation, so commerce 'c only' the channel by which

..son
guilty in his journey serve to shew his tt...., and that Paper. May their proper and commendable views be
he:has little hopes of his brother sending him the m. 0.! carried into effect by a person adequately qualified
mised reinforcements. Many of his retinae return for the undertaking.
much disgusted with the bad reception they expert- 44 However this may be, may not the Government.
ence, and bitterly complain of their fate, because the now that the French have for sex weeks evacuated
Emperor does not now appear to take the same inte- this Principality, thus address our coantrytnen :
rest as formerly in the Spanish war, he having order- ' 44 Inhabitants of the Asturias f You have recovered
ed that neither money nor provisions shall be fur- your liberty, which you had.lseen deprived of for 17
nished from France for Spain. months, shedding tears in silence, and endeavour.
Intelligence received from persons of known pro. ing to stifle the feelings of nature. The labo..rers,
bity states, that on the 2,1 inst. passed through Mg, that class of men so respectable and necessary to the
centia for Bayonne, five Generals and some c olonels"! State, saw the grain necessary for the support of their
I with a grand escort ; among the first were Keller. families seized by their um elenting oppressors; 0*
man, Lapiz, and Bessieres, brother to the Marshal; I clergy were persecuted and exiled ; the ',tittles were
,1 and among the last, many blind and lame. of whom expelled from their houses, while whatever they coa-
there still remain many in Salamanca, Valladolid, tamed beetling the prey of the enemy. All was de-
and Palentia. solation, misery, and lamentation, and would have
The Hanoverian cavalry which was in this city , been so still, bad not Heaven, propitious and favour.
the Bth do di.- Madrid • and now 0 able to the honourable exertions of the Spaniards, arui

. SPANISH AND PORTUGUESE PAPERS.

CADIZ, AUGUST 3. . ' ; :'' I
SITTING OF 111 E CORTES, ACM 2.
•
D. Jose VALLE, a Member of the Itrita.of Catelo-
• nia-, presented a plan of a Constitution, which was
transmitted to the Committee sitting on the subject.
Theadvocate D. Jose CAMINO submitted the ne-j
cessity ;of admitting nobles and plebeians, v‘ ithout '
distinction, into the military colleges, and abolishing
'the perni(s9us custom which had hitherto prevailed, ,
.in consequence of which the higher orders alone 'n.
joyed this privilege ; thus rendering useless the talents I
and excellent dispo,itiOns of many young men, who,
froth the want of this chimerical privilege, were depriv.
ed of the means of advancing, and becoming useful to
their cot *try. With reference to this subject, there
was read a judicious Report front the Committee of
' War, founded on the two principles, that all men in
' the order of nature are equal, and that he is most
worthy of respect who renders himself useful to so-
ciety by his knowledge and his virtues. Hence it ,
was deduced, that hereditary nobility ought not to-'
, •be preferred before merit and application, die. The 1
'Committee therefore proposed the following points ,
for the sanction of the Cortes :
Ist. That respectable individuals should be admitted in succes-
sion to the military colleges, and even though they should not
" be Not:L.s ; and,
. .. idly, That the same should take place in the Marino and other
corp,, abrogating all former orders in opposition to this measure.
. . The sth iiist. was appointed for the discussion of
. • , this proposition. '
• ". • The Committee of Finance and of matters ecclesi-
astical,
plying to Ale military hospitals the sums destined for,
religious fraternities, prebendships, and other, pious
1 ' ...
uses. - With this view, they submitted a plan of pro-
• cedu.ie ; and to prevent any religious scruples, they
prop iised tliat the Cardinal Cle Bourbon, and such perk
. 16r.s as he suigltt appoint, should assist in this matter.
•Vather Loera—“lopspose this measure; the Church
'alone can ifO this--tile Congress has no right m give
away such money-neither the people nor the King;
od as we ate the Representailves of the people what
they cannot do, as little can we (rwral mermurs.) ' I
wish to be understood—we are
. not assembled for . the.
to L' . put
ogonrie,rei:tainuEtheocrcitiesyiAnticallite matters,
s.th. that be-'
Yds& we go on attacking the Church, it is impossible
.vid can be saved. Let us look at France from the

a . is ~,ly ,y
a country receives that wealth which is derived from
though the

_....1ed on to _Any in _
there only remain here of this species of force, 750
and

so mush cid:unity, giv,n b IICCOS to
And oursel. in ut

the exchange of its productions; and .Agit .
merchant may be benefited in the first instance, yet
the nation at large is U. greatest gainer.
4g In my opinion, to 01. :n the commerce of America
to the English would be equivalent to giving it to
them exclusively. It would, in short, make them
absolute masters of all that is consumed in those vast
regions ; for neither our mercantile marine, nor the
productions of our agriculture, our arts, and our ma-
nufactures, can enter into competition with their's.—
The infallible consequence will be, the destruction of
the little that the French have left of those elvmentst
of national prosperity ; the influx of money, which is
the sinew of war, will disappear for ever ; and the
French, without enemes or oppoiition, will be lords
of Spain, and of the few or many Spaniards, who in
Consequence of a decree will not be allowed to emi-
grate to another country
.where they can have the
means of existence, off with them the re:

grenadiers of the Imperial cavalry guard, 2500
infantry ; $OO belonging to the Paris guards are ex-
pected to stay here, and the remaining 2000 to march
to Valladolid, part of which will proceed from thence"
to France.
From the brag discourse which it appears the in-
trusive King had with the Corporation of the City,,
we 'know he has brought neither money nor troope,;
and is much discontented. This is, besides, conelopl
ded from private conversations with Urguejo,
cause, when his representing to the King the calaniV
ties of this kingdom, and requesting on the part ell
the inhabitants he would order Bessieres to moderates
the insupportable contributions, the King said,.)*
could grant no abatement whatever, and that his
coming would cost 8 or 9000 cruzades. He is very
anxious that Porlier, with his followers, should give
himself up, on condition of being appointed immedi-
ately Governor of Palencia, whet* he would be able

the arms of our Allies _awes, a series
glorious actions, which at length obliged the evenly
to evacuate the Principality.
" At length you have recovered your independence,
your privileges, your liberty ; but ro preserve these
precious gifts of Heaven, how many :nor.. .sacriticrs
will be necessary I Dissimulation in a public Papers
whose first character ought to be truth, would be a
clime. A great benefit demand: great sacrifices.
Life itself ought to be risked, to shun that slavery
*lnch must render life a burthen. Experience has
taught you what you must expect of the enemy: your
smoking desolated fields—your still smoking villages
will not permit you to doubt. N bles, merchants,.
proprietors, ministers of religion—Al must make all
sacrifices possible. Let those in authority inspire the
people entrusted to their guidance, with that noble
enthusiasm for liberty and independence ; with that
love for relic • ' and theh country—with that gene.

~ carrying _ ...
mains of their property, which they may nave been
able to save from French rapacity, and from the con-
sequences of such measures. TLen, ' Spain
all

ly
to form civic regiments, and afterwards other regi-
ments. To Mina he has offered the Governorship of
P.impelana, Burgos, and Vittoria ; and to others

rout contempt for ease, enjoy meat, And intere.t,wh cis
alone are capable of elevating the mind to heroic
enterprizes.
I

, European
having no existence, the Americans will suffer the y.
convul%ions of disunion and anarchy, and the most ASTORAA, WV s 9. •
probable event will be their reduction to the state of CONTINUATION or sue MILITARi OPERATIONS OD THE
English colonies. But they may be well assured,' SIXTH ARMY, JULY us.
that they will enjoy in that case. neither equal rights In the night of the 25th the troops were ready to
with the English, nor a share in the national repromarch, who were en the following morning, at day.
sentation,'nor any other system but the excessively break, to attack Banbeza and the bridge of-Orbigo ;
rigorous and monopolising colonial system of Eng.. but, unfortunately, a dreadlul tempest which arose,
land. There are many good sort of people, who accompanied with thunder and a copious rain, retar-
believe that the English act towards their trans-ma- .cled the setting out of the expedition, spoiling in some
rine possessions in the most liberal manner, leaving measure the good success which would have been
them at full liberty to trade when, where, 'and with the necessary consequence of a meditated and com-
whom they please ; and therefore these people can. plicated operation, diffuuh to be understood or foie.
not tolerate der 'prohibitive. system which exclude* seen by the enemy. .
foreigners and their property from America. It is Notwithstanding the darkness of the night, two co-
probably the 10,6-00stice alone which impels them leans put themselves in moths% commanded, the
to seek the removal4R so ominous a yoke Rota the oils by hits Ezell the Condi ds Beim* sad
Americans. But let tbesegosd people recollect that other by Brigadier D. Francisco eibrera, which at
the English, b 1 "their fauns Navigation Act, keep break of day were close upon * said pleat the las.'

" Inhabitants of the Asturias ! Fear to sink again
into that bondage and oppression under which you sa
long languished. Let the sacred fire of patriotism
rekindle in your souls. Now is the time to :dint and
rectify your former errors—now is the 'lore to place
our troops tin a royeetible footing. Our generous
allies have < pposed to the legions of the e Irmy s)s.
tem of tactics, now ru 41+e:is:ince, but energz.ic and
vigorous, which have snatched the r laurels from t!ie
best Marshals of Trance. The Spanish trioniis ;rime
with them covered themselves with glory on the
of Albnera. In vain did the enemy culkct their force
in Estremadura—they were obliged to reure.
. " Every day they *wined new plans, but 411 were
disconcerted by the sagacity, the valour. and the coo.•
stancy. of the Englik General, the immoral Wel.
*stop. But, Astbrians, 'nothing ii th ne,
thing remains to be dune. This was the niar,m
which characterised the great military talents of the

-

. -

,

