1
*

'~

through the Howse, affecting bis haterrsts.—lteferied

Committee.
Mr. C. CALVERT presented a Petition from certain
duals in Southwark, in favour of the Equitable Loan Br
pant. The lion. Membt-r gaid he kit it to be his duty ,
this Petition, although he couldnot rapport it.—Laid upon
Petitions were presented from St. Giles's, by Lord /
front the Watennen of the River Thames, and the Wa'
site Metropolis, by Mr. I)ouoi.as; and from the Taylors
illetropolis, by Mr. Bruc, in favour of the Equitable Loan
Company.
On the motion of Mr. S. Wurraaaaa, the Bill for erecting
a new March in the Parish of St. Luke, Chelsea, was read a

first time.
On the motion of General Gansvesos, the Ails for erecting a
new Bride over the River Dee, in Chester, and for making
apprs.ithesg and other bnprovements connectt:d with the smote, was
read a first time.
On the motion ef Mr. H. Sestana, the lkirtnoisdsey Dock DUI
%%as read a firmt time.
Ur. JA It V IS presented a Petition from the Inkahliantsof Port-
sea, praying the House to grant them such relief, as in tfieir
judgment might seem fitting to their present distresi—Laid on
the table.
Mr. JARMS presented another Petition from Portsea, in rayons

duty.
Mr. J. P. GRANT said, that the existing law was
inoperative in consequence of the high penalty attached to it. The
Government therefore omen to take the ssibject into consideration,
and alter the penalty.
The Petition was brought up, and ordered to be printed.
Lbrd A LTHORPE presented a Petition from the Deputy
Steward of some Court in West Derby, praying that such Court
might not be abolished under the County Courts Bill.
Lord ALTHORPR presented a Petition from the Inhabitants
of Daventry, in favour of the County Coutts Bill.
Mr. P. CORBETT presented a Petition from John Hardy
ani
ethers, for compensation under the County Courts Bill.—Refpned
to a Com
Mr. MAVIELL presented a Petition from Paisley, again* the
Attornies' To.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALVERT presented a Petition from the Inhabitants of
Ware, against the House and Window Tax... Ordered to be printed.
Sir H. VYVY AN presented a Petition from Fowey, in Corn.
wall, against the Roman Catholic Minn.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME moved for a Return of the Amount of Fees re-
ceived in the Registrar's Mee in Bell-yard (Temple-bar), fee the
Registry of Deeds in the County of Middlesex for the Mat *PIO
years, and the maunerjn which those fees were disposed of.
GOULBURN presented a Petition from the Deus mg
Chapter of Peterborough, against the Claims of the Roman Cabo-
lics.—Ordered to he on the table.
Mr. & RICE presented a Petition from the Chamber of Cam.
merce, of Limerick, praying for an Amendment of the Law rob-
dng to Bankers.—Laid on the table.
Mr. COURTENAY preiented a Petition from the Mayor and
Corporation of Exeter, against the Catholic Clahns.—Ordered to
lie on datable.

of the Arundel tinal.
Mr. LOCKH A KT moved the second reading of the St. An-
drew's, Holborn, Rates MIL
Lard FOLIESTONII opposed it, and moved that it be read a
second time that day six mouth&
Mr. T. WILSON said the whole rates of this parish
amounted to 14,0001. a year, and out of that there had
been a loss of 14001. arising from the 201. a year
houses. As the law at present stood, the owners al
these small houses were hound to pay the rates.—
The rids supported this Wl—the poor opposed it, and he thought
IL better to stop any further expense on either side by voting for the
amendment.
Mr. LOCKHART said that the losses mentioned by
the Member for the City of London, Mr. T. Wilson,
had not proceeded from any default upon the part of
the rich, but from the manner of collecting the rates.
In that parish they were bound to collect them quar-
terly, not immediately, as was the case in other
'swishes; so that it frequently happened the occupier of one of the
small houses removed before the collector went round to receive
his dues. The Hoe. Member argued strongly in favour ofthe MIL
Mr. HOBHOUSB opposed it.
After a few word 4 from Mr. Braga Alderman Woos,
Ilflr
Hums, and Mr. STUN, the House davidt:d--
For the Bill, 39 Against 1443 I Majority, 14.
The Bill was then read a brat time.
MR. DUBOIS.
Mr. HOBHOUSE said he claimed the usual indul-
penceof the House while he took leave to bring to its
recollection some circumstances which had been men.
timed in the debate upon the Pasco Peruvian Company.
The Honourable Men,ber for Weymouth had, in that
debate, charged a Mr. Dubois with having entered into
a ba-e conspiracy against the Company, and yesterday
evening reiterated his assertions by declaring that they
did not allude to Mr. William but Mr. James Dubois,
against whom he declared them still to apply in the
strongest manner. In answer to this, he (Mr. H.) had
received a letter from this Mr. J. Dubois, which he
would take leave to read to the House. Ile did not
pledge himself for its accuracy, nor was be answerable
fct its statements, but he thought it right that the indi-
vidual aspersed should be heard in his defence. The
letter stated, " that he (Mr. 3. Dubois) was sorry to
trouh!e him, being unknown to bin, but that be hoped
he would pardon the liberty he had taken from a consi-
deration of hie earnest desire to free himself from un-
founded imputation. He denied that he had ever pub-
lished and thing in a newspaper, and declared that he
ixd been offered one thousand new shares he Mr. Fry's Paseo Pe-
ruvian project, if he would give up his would= to k." Ile (Kr.
Ilebhouse) did not pledge himself, be repeated, for the accuracy of
this statement, Lot he thought it fair that the individual should be
permitted to reply to what bad been advanced against him.
Mr. F. BUXTON said that Ms. Dubois had asserted
he did not publish anything in the newspapers, but be
had not answered the accusation that he bad used his
efforts against the Company in other ways. He harl
charged him with offering, for twenty, shares to with-
draw his opposition to the project, and by publishing
all the truth to enslave the rise of the shares. That
charge he begged to repeat, upon the authority of two
of the most eminent merchants of the City, and Major
Hinde, a aell-known Officer, who was present at the
interview. If it should turn out that thisishould be a
base conspiracy by these two individuals and this Officer
of rank against the character of Mr. Dubois, he should
be one of the first to reprobate it in the strongest teruisi
the F.ng€sh language could dictate ; but if it should turn out, as be
believed it would, that all he had asserted with respect to Mr. Dew
bois was true, then be would say that this letter warranted hins
ha applying even stronger terms than he bad before used Y owl
pressing his contempt and disptst when he spoke of the conduct of
that Gentleman.
Mr. B. W I L BR AHAM presented a Petition from certain per-'
sons in Lancashire against the Liverpool and Manchester Railway.
Mr. BY N G presented a Petition from the West Middlesex
Water Company against the Metropolitan Water-works.
Mr. J. SMITH presented a Petition from the West India Dock
Company against the Coal Dock Company, praying to be heard by
their Counsel —Ordered to be laid on the table.
from W. Paring against
on the table.
Petition from the Weavers

CORN AVZRAORIL
Mr. HUSKISSON begged permission of the House
to refer to a conversation which had taken place in the
House last night, upon the subject of a Return made to
the orders of the House, in which the names of Claude
Scott and Co. were inserted. Having been called upon
by the Honourable Member (Mr. Scott) who felt himself
implicated, he had felt it his duty to send to the In-
spector-General of Corn Averages, for an explanation.
From his statement in answer, tt appeared that a re-
turn of the names alluded to was made to him by the
Inspector of Ipswich, but owing to a doubt which he
entertained as to the accuracy of the return, there being
no such persons at Ipswich, in the corn trade, he had
struck the names out of the return. In consequence,
however, of an order of that House for a return of all
the names which bad been struck out as fictitious, the
Inspector-General found himself under the absolute
necessity of inserting these names amongst the rest.—
He (Mr. Huskisson), however, had no hesitation in
saying that a more improper transaction than that
which originated this fraud upon the Inspector never
was practised. A more respectable character than
that aspersed there was not—(Hear, hear, hear
and the whole business was altogether a daring and
impudent attempt to impose upon the public. He could
not entirely acquit the Inspector of Ipswich of neglect
in not being aware that there were no such persons at
Ipswich in that line. He had desired the Inspector-
General of Corn Returns to make him a written report
of the facts of the case, which he would shortly lay
upon the table of that House,in order that the refutation
might be as public as the aspersion—(Hear).
The Small Debts Bill, and the Debts Recovery Bin (Scotland)
were referred to a Select Committee.
Mr. HUSKISSON gave notice, that on Monday he
would move to refer the 43d and 44th of Geo. 3, to A
Committee, in which he would move on the subject of
the Colonial Trade; and on Friday following on the
subject of the Prohibitory system.
COMMITTRI OF SUPPLY.
The House hung resolved itself into a Committee of Supply.
Mr.GOULBURN submitted the Miscellaneous Esti-
mates for Ireland, and proceeded to move the usual
Grams. The first Grant was,
For the Ptoustent Garter Schools in Ireland 415,150
Mr. HUME said, be hoped no more motley would be asked on
this head,until they bad the Repon of theCenunissioners before them
Mr. GOULBURN said, that•this sun was merely es outennt,
and the Commissioners' Report
Se as the table before a
further grant would be requisite.
The nest same were—
For the Society for Discountenancing Vice • ,C 5,160
Bducadon of the Poor in Ireland 40,006
For the Foundling Hospital . 1424,475
Lunatic Asylum 5,640
Soldiers' Children Asylum 1,530
Hibernian Marine Society 1,600
Mr. HUME, upon the passing of the last vote, com-
plained of the amount annually voted for charities
in Ireland—these amounted to no less a sum than
340,0001. and had greatly increased of late years.
Mr. GRATTAN observed, that a great portion of
this vote was for the promotion of education in Ireland,
which ought not to be called charity.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE said, that England, he was
sore, would not complain of the amount of this sum.
Mr. MONCK said, that to whatever amount charity
was given, thej Might rest assured that it would be
absorbed to the last farthing. This was especially ap-
plicable in the case of a charity for foundlings.
Mr. CURTEIS recommended the adeptim of Poor Rates in
Ireland.
Mr. LOCKHART contended, that the mese el Poor Rates
was a great evil. _
Mr. C. GRANT thought that them was something
faulty in the principle of some Of institutions
io
which' these charitable votes had reference. He parti-
cularly alluded to the Charity Schools, which he thought
tended more to the promotion of vice and idleness than
to any good end. He could wish they were removed.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER thought
his Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Goulburn) would have been
very premature had he extinguished all these charitable
grants at once. The condition of a capital like Dublin,
naturally required a number of charitable institutions
for the alleviation of misery.
The next Grants passed were—
For the Fernak Orphan House
Westmoreland Lock Hospital .
Lying-Is Hospital .
Dr. Stevens's Hospital .
Fever Hospital
Hospital for Incurables
Roman Catholic Seminaries •
Cork Institution

Petition from the',
London against the
le of Milk. The Hon.
Petition.
Avocated the cause of

,e call the attention
,ain state of the law
The Lord Chancel-

•ome measure, but as
- -

execution. lie hoped
the doubts which at pro.

speak from his own
evil. New Joint
every day. Within
three had been sub-
other day in the week,
were extremely ridiculous,
that the law should

as not called upon to
isted. or to state the
new law was neces-
nho knew the evsl
Irarory law was ne.
q; law ought to he
evil and the doubt
should be ready and
'aed persons for the
ly. He had paid
Companies, and he
applied to them ge•
'eat folly for specula
concerns of life and
.• out of the proper hands.
Pasilauvent would know bow to
-"Mt bo left to digit own course.
I the people wan soon be
. to eding mints renewed.
drive the Joint Conipanles out

~}

Obi

NM.-

*des bad Men made to the Bill till rt had actsilio ddri
reading.—The BM was then read a tkird time and
Mr. WYNN obtained leave to bring in aBW to regal* dit sib•
larks of Judges in India.
Adionsed at HALr-rase Times o'Ctoett to Monday.
.'"4101

1•••••\
E EVENING :NT.k B,

LONOON.

on abstract commercial principles. They had discou-
raged the Irish woollen, and substituted that of linen ;
he hop* thwaforo, they would not precipitately withdraw from it
MAW di 'tippet.
Mr. GRATTAN was indisposed us encourage this vote.
Dr. LUSHINGTON would give it his approbation.
V he thought it did really encourage the linen trade
but he thought it had a contrary tendency, by creating
a fictitious trau, and ought not to be continued without some 'pe-
dal reasons In its support.
Mr. GOULBURN replied, thht it gave employment to the poor
—an object much insisted upon by Hon. Gentlemes opposite.
Mr. GORDON opposed the Resolution. He com-
plained that the money for salaries for the Irish Linen
Board went chicly to the retainers of Ministers.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ad-
verted to the reduction of the linen bounties, to shew
that Government had not been asleep at their posts.
Ireland was unlike countries which were prepared to
receive the best principles of political economy. It
would be imprudent to withdraw suddenly those aids
which Ireland had been accustomed to receive.
Sir GEORGE HILL said a few words in favour of continuing
the Grants to the Linen Board.
Mr. HUME opposed the continuance of the grant.
He particularly objected to the Board, because there was
not one Catholic admitted into it. The Commissioners
were not paid, but they had the ig wheels and reels" of
influence within their controul. He would require. ac-
cording to the avowed principles of the Chancellor of the Each*.
quer, the reduction of one half of the grant.
Mr. J. SMITH did not expect to see the principles
of political economy enforced in a country like Ireland.
Almost every speculation for the benefit of Ireland which had ori-
ginated in this great metropolis during the last one or two years had
been communicated to him (Mr..l. Smith), and he uniformly found
that. before supporting them, the first demand with the public was,
Can you inform us what will be the fate of the Catholic Questioo ?
The Committee then divided—
Foe the Grant
For Mr. Hume's Amendment
Majority
_ _

71
17
-S9

SATURDAY, MARCH 19, I8!5.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CIOCE.

• .00

- - - -
Consols opened at 931 1 for the Account, with little. doing.
It is reported on 'Change, that Feaoistann is going to acknify•
ledge the independence of South America, for which they are going
to guarantee him a .Loan, and pay the &bleed for him.
In the Foreign Market no great deal is doing, and Spanish
Bonds are very heavy. AU Shares remain steady.
Current Prices: New Spanish 191 20, Old ditto 2411, Itsuilat
9S, Mexican 811, Ci ilian 901 91, Colombian New 914, Bratelan
Scrip 31, Greek Scrip 4 34 disc.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
11 per Cent. Cons. 933/3 11,4
4 per Cent. New 106 1055
India Bonds 82 81 •
Ex:lleq. Rills 56 54
Cons. for Acct. 9354
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds 5 per Ct. Os% % Mex. Bands. 5 per Cc. di j I 1
Ditto Ace- Ditto Ace. Sli
Brazilian Bonds Ditto Scrip 188.5, 3 pat.
Ditto &nip 1825 Ditto Acct. 3 21 press
Ditto Ace. Neapolitan Bond+, 5 per Ct.
Buenos Ayres Bonds, 911 1 Perue. Bonds. 6 per Ct.
Ditto Ace. Portuguese lioeid4
Milian Beads, 6 p Ct. Ditto Amt. 901
Colombian Bonds, 6 p Ct. PrivaLin Bonds, S pet Ct.
Ditto Bonds 1854, 911 1 Ditto 1822,
Ditto Ace. Ru1a.11.1nd5,1622, 5 p. Ct. 954
Danish Bonds, 5 per Ct. 1011 Ditto Acct.
Ditto Marks Banco Spanish sp. Ct. Cons. 244 4 4 I
Greek Bonds 53 Ditto for Acc. 24 t 4 1 4 1
Ditto Acct. Span. 5 p.t.‘ 0.1823, 191 1
Ditto Scrip Int 31 die Ditto Ace..
Ditto Acct. 31 dig. French Renter, 5 per Ct.
BRITISH AND FaREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.:
311/1111.
SHAM PAID. PRIMPS,. mesas
Anglo Mexican Alto -,515- AS pm. £lO7l
Anglo Chilian - 100 - 5 - - 111 k_
Brazilian - - 100 - S. -17 191
Chaim - 100 S . - 18 MI
Milian and Peruvian Company 5 87 S
General Mining Aeso. 100 S - 151
Hibernian • - SO- 4- -91
Pasco Peruvian - 100. S. -2827 Me MP
Tialpulsbua . 400 -SO -.210
United Mexican - 40 -90 . it pm. . 140 13S
Ditto New - 40 - 5 - 35
Welch Iron & Coal - 25 - S - - 871
GAS LIGHT AND COKE COMPANIES.
SWAB. PAID. Paws PDS arriae.
Ceselaratal - 100 - 8 - 81
MISCELLANEOUS.
OUR& PAID. PSI= szalinass.
Atlantic and .2100 - CIO .
British Iran Crimper? - 100 • S. !ill
Canada Ceemploy - 100 •10 40
Canal Gas tgi.e SO 1 it %
Gold Coast Association - 100 - S -7%
Great Westatierter Miry 25 • If 11 •
Mexican Company 100 30 141 14 19/
Medway Lime and Coke 1 • .3 21
Metropolitan Fit& Company LS 1 2 11
Provinelal fink of Ireland 1. 121 1 12
Paton t Bridle ••
54
Patin lbw - s Carriage S 230 31
Pearl auCCeral Fishery 40 4 11 13 12/
loyal %Mary . •-• S 44

Several Resolutions were then agreed to, without opposidon.
On the vote of .e 5,681 for the Board of Inbad Navigation in
Ireland, Mr. Hums considered the grant as useless, and awed
that it be reduced .12,000.
After a few words from Mr. ClouLanan, Mr. Goanou, and Mr.
W. SNITS, the House divkkd.
For the arielsd grant 75
•
For Mr. dare's amendment . 27
Majority .
Several other Reminds= were then agreed to, when the House
resumed, and the Commktee having reported program, obtained
leave to sit again es /4101i2f.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then moved the
ether Orders of the Day.
The second reading of the Dissenters' Marriage HS was post-
poned to Friday nest.

ANNUAL DUTITS BILL.
Mr. SYKES called the attention of the House to the
Seger Duties, and contended for a reduction of the
Duty on East India Sugar. He had gone along with
his Majesty's Ministers an all their atom to produce, a
'system of free trade, and he insisted that the bounties
on West India Sugar were opposed to the course which
Government, in other cases, had pursued. The bounty
was, in his opinion, a benefit to the West India Plan-
ters, but an equal loss to us. Such conduct was, be-
sides, an injustice to our Eastern possessions. Our By the arrival of a Jamaica Mail this morning, we
superiority in the manufacture of cotton, had destroyed have received Jamaica Papers to the Vsth of January.
the cotton manufacture of the East Indies, and unless
a return for our produce could be obtained from the The following extracts are from the Royal sasette of
East, our commerce with that quarter could not be the 2241 of January :
successfully carried on. Upon this subject he would 44 By the Thracian, of 18 guns, we learn, that hos.
quote the authority of Mr. George Hibbert, who, with tilities were still carried on between the Castle of Saint
the West India Committee, agreed that the bonus on /
West India Sugar was about 6s. per cwt. which man de Ulloa and the town of Vera Cruz; when
amounted to 1,116,000 k annually. For what was the she left the latter place several houses had, suffered
bonus given ? To bolster up the West India Interests, severely from the bombardment from the Castle.—
aad keep up a system of slavery. The system of boon- Great rejoicings took place at Carthagena, in coast•
ties he should ever deprecate. Free trade be wished to qoence of the defeat of the Royalists and the capture of
uphold. The Hon. Member had witnessed from time
to time the allowance of bounties, and he was assured Lima, by the'Liberating Army under General Sucre,
that ultimately they were net serviceable. Bounties the Liberator, Bolivar, being absent on account of ex-
had a tendency to increase colonial labour, and promote creme indisposition. Several valuable Spanish met-
slavery in its worst character. A greater quantity of chantmen, which were at Callao, fell into the possession
Sugar was produced with bounties, and there must be of the Patriots. The Venezuela frigate, Commodore
a greater exaction of Slave labour, thereby depriving
the Negroes of the time which ought to be allowed for Chitty, was fitting out at Carthagena, to take dispatches
rest. lt was also attended by decrease of human life. to England from the Colombian Government, announc-
In the Bahama Islands, where there was a moderate ing the total annihilation of the Spanish force in the
share of labour, there was an increase of the black South Sea. A double bounty was paid to able-bodied
population,
jualloinniii to the amsounntdofen three and
rease of huainhalf
an itiefre.Cenpu seamen, who enlisted on board the Venezuela."
Demean, where there was a vest prodoedon et sugar, there was FROM TRZ JAMAICA COURANT OF JANUARY 24.
elsorem a three per cent. Is human EL The extra ravel His Grace the Governor has issued his Proclanta...
of aster had invariably been attended by detriment of human •
sh. Tke me. lumber ..„„d4 tip= the wheat, there was lion, proroguing the House ofAssembly to the Ist March
II deseeme of does In the West bonus where suffer was peedueed A most diabolical plot was lately formed to set fire-to
Ipso too large a scale.
Mr. GORDON was surprised that the Honourable the town of Sc. Thomas, in the Island of that name.
Gentleman should have made such a tirade against the which, however, was happily discovered in time to
West India trade, while professing that he was no enemy prevent the wicked design being carried into execution.
of the West India traders. He had endeavoured to ...........--.
stop the Honourable Member, by telling him that the This forenoon we received the Austrian Observer to
bounties were not to be continued any longer, but he the Bth inst. There can now be no doubt as to the
had determined to make a web on the bounden, and having come conspiracies in Constantinople, since they are acknow-
nh. itiOIv3IRTSO7I :a di
id, if °Ministers would fix the ledged even in this Journal. One of the Hydra Gametes
bounty for 15 years. it would enable the slaves to pur- contains a singular document; it is a report of the
chase their own freedom, so far was that measure from wading to
their injury. Greek General GoURAI, in which he intimates that the
Captain MABERLY thought it would be for the in- Government, from motives of philanthropy and political
terest of this country if we had no connection with the delicacy, have pardoned persons unworthy of it ; and
West India Colonies, and the sooner that connection ceased the
better, as sugar could be obtained from many other cohntries. after alluding to ZAIMI and other 14 aide-regents," he
Mr. BLAIR thought the House was hardly pre. says, if the members of Government pardon them, they
pared for the opinion of the Hoomwable Member. ay know that nest year they will have to pardon
Mr. R. ELLIS must protest against the selection of il
himself. The following are extracts :
xi jet some parts of the commercial system, without attending CONSTANTINOPLE, FEBRUARY' 10.
9,734 to the whole, as bad been done in the case of the West weeks past reports bad been spread of ler.
%US India Colonies. If the agriculturist at home ought to For some
463 have a preference over the colonist, so the colonist mentauon and discontent among the Janissaries.
By
e'eee of the West Indies was entitled to a preference over whom or for what purpose they were excited is noe
400
Lass the more recent colonies' in the East. If the out- known ; the old bugbear (which is revived from time
Loos tivation of . West India sugar was to be diseouti- time) id or the new Military
to of the Nisaini Dsched ,
Dublin Society . • • • 7,000 need, as being the result of slave labour, all in-
To the Comosissietwrs for widening streets in Dublin . 1.000
tercourse with countries where slave labour was allowed, must, Institutions attempted by Selim 111. seems to have bad
For the Farming Society . • 145°.2. on the same principle, be abandoned; a length to which he sup- some influence. The Porte, however, had immediately
Royal Iriqh Academy .
. .
. . . • .., "`"„, „. posed few, however opposed to the West India system, were die. taken rigorous measures to be& the views of the in-
Linen Board of Ireland • a ihrl° posed w go. The West India colonists may asked to be put en the
' Me. HUME contended that this Board was wholly ~„, footing, in the article of refining sugar, as was enjoyed by
swims, and kept up at an enormous expense. the refiners at home. stigators of the troubles, and to discourage their secret
adherents. Many of the first, chiefly Officers, have been
Mi.GOULBURN ieminued the Honourable Gentle. Mr. F. BUXTON contended, that a reduced price of sugar
man, that the linen manufacture was of the greatest would operate to the advantage of the:Negroes, and an increased
importsnce to Ireland, and this Board was calculated to pHce would haves very opposite effect. arrested and privately executed, and yesterday the Ap
of the Janissaries was dismissed. The continued vigi-
Merlins value. Mr. TRANT was of opinion that the repeated discessioas about
•
Mr. T. WILSON certainly thought the support of the Slave Trade, had a very bad effect in the West Indies.
Mr. MUG HT stated, that the Intercourse between lance and activity of the Goiernment, give the asuman
this Boaid incompatible vi h the principles of trade, and the West ladles had been seduced almost to nothing. •
America that nothing serious will • result from these transitory
which were now so generally and beneficially admitted. 1 ' The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that no ob. movements.

i .
• 1.
~i their counsel —urnerea to rteram uu 5e.......,
. Sir It. WILSON presented a Petition front
the London Dochs.—Ordered to be laid en the
t' Lord A. HAMILTON presented a l'etitia
...
).,i. .
1 of Leith, against the Leith Docks.
MILK COMPANY.
Mr. T. WILSON presented a P
Coulteepers and Milksellers of Lon
severil Joint Stock Companies foe the Sale o
. • • Member supported the prayer of the Petition.
Mr. ROBERTSON warmly *drat
4.
.4
I • ! thy Petitioners.
~ Mr. GRENFELL begged leave to
•• .s. of Government to the present uncerta
• sir
i ) respecting Joint Stock Companies. T
lee had intimated his intention of proposing 1
1 / thetitdisornetnge inikienngtimmi:bbtadbecosontrt brume ploutsetitileivida'
'
. 1,
iP
I
sent greatly agitated the public mind.
Mr. J. SMITH said he could spi
experience of the magnitude of the
sqi . Stock Companies were proposed eir
1 the last twelve hours no less than th
lif .
mitred to trim. It was thecase on every ot
Sundays excepted. Some of the schemes wer
bur still 'behooves& of the public required
be settled.
- Alt HUSK ISK/N sail that he oat
state his opinion of the law as it tail
' intention of Government. If any it
1., # - sat y it would be.t become those 1
\ t - i•ropose the remedy. • if a declat
\ v
cesary, the doubt as to the existing
•., , II- st distinctly stated. When the e
r .
•
~4 ► were made known to him, he sin
willing to confer with more level
•
1 4,i i purpo.e of devising sense remert
tr. .. ,
is,
.., - ,f. *ought that the Partnership-law
ii . in:rally. It was certainly a great
;.. , tees to interfere with the ordinary I
i stilk • tratle.and attempt to take them out
If they applied to Parliament then Pastime
4 dela them, but until than they mum b
Tuley cowl not lost brow. The eyes if
owned to their folly. She old modesof t
IndhAdual akal and enterprise would drive
1..,
- .
. . ,

itli
orvit
I====ll of the market. The good same of die nation would nose thee Mr. TRANT MA not think the Beard dont value, though be'
ad to dm, destructions. Ak they wore rd, veil they wen outia bough *wont oeght to be gramlifir"tardeill
gal ; tebee the of the e 4 t What Sir G. DILL defended the Limn , ' • of its oti-
sin I fore him . bow te iu, be could& . Iky to the flub trade 0f.... -, i-
lank ' lki was for sil , maul inconvenience Lord A LTHORP ured.' **emote upon guieral plodple‘
to present ur teibe k itself. ''' Sr JOHN NEW PORTO° illenigkit unnellesou7.
n the tage. r.
id,4g F L . ~_ Colonel BAGWELL declared $s curried= that the Board was
ni.e4np • ... ,bra _ RI -gs.4lifiended the character if met useful initimat"j;
admen of and good effects done of the Milk doinpanies. with which he was Mr. Sxretary PEEL reminded the Committee, that
ore of the aceisalmted. It had-iba efectef bringing the milk seller to a seam this question involved a consideration of feeling as well
Lout. Bank of their duty.
- - - -- - as of policy and ought not, therefore, to be viewed
_ ..1 _-:....:-.1.. Thee had discou-
