a with pleasure, heeettlellowevier Conscious he mig_hti y_ltair battle of Sala*lle2,- in which be defeated -
be of his own deficiency,- he vats confident that the 1 the renCh ilbrees under' Marmont,"-Ikt.-•Mts'e'
yalty; and gratitude of the Court would ' •
them-. give an unanimous assent
to' '.'"
tre
• .
a though he had not prefaced' it-..-Wit tingle 1- i s lane— '
'able * —(licar,.hear !) He trusted,hossier, that they . .
s mil ;glee Mr. Blubdell originallif
to.ohwinKorPittnt, 1., seine
tw!
0., 1 teOlt place, in-conserence of one t
pea was Allo*e id ''Oife#trich ."aftler Mr. with.. -
ley -. matt • liatkeettesed his surpri* that- tray Merrtte*-
erould,intrirlge him it a very few observatiOna, whicha afruld-14-ietierrififed is lhatentiet in the tech: ex=, '
were callid forth 'by the manner in Which this splen7 I pr_ession ail& *oettitenr, whatever
.they might be, so -
did victory' had been achieved and by thesimmede.-; long. as Wavati not brit' of erkr.) Intft this-Melia. .
..
'ate and remote conseqtsencei'Which were likely to 1 lution it would be keen, . that he did not *fish to op.
flee:* from it. In the first place, the kingdom of pose the motion) if it realty intended •to &ink
'Portugal' had been completely emancipated ; and it.l the Marquis of Wellingtdriron the ecietearb•lt we'rld .
'was probable that a new tone %mild be given to the be seen thas hn wished to outstrip tlieWorthr Den •
Northern Powers,-who wet e• at this melee- nt resist. u. (BOXY fol-lie Wished to.
,ing the unprincipled aggressions bf the common erie' - self—Wellington Vellingl ton I 'He Was preirlt theaeklincotivtliedinig;
my, Qua •it
.was also not unlikely that a favourable that no digeretien of opinran prevailed kg to the fact. '
impression would -he • produced in America by the All admitted that the trim- av•ts R xi
brilliant success of our' arms in the Peninsula.- On all acknowledged hhown'kwelltTbe ilarqigida or Ws eninliZg,
the whole, he considered that the aelieeeantents. of ton merited thir t a s— emy el ifereiteo of opts
the Marquis of AVellina ton entitled Wan to rank as Ilion; iidifference there weigh wAsas to the mannef Of -*
,-.
I the first General of the day. On the occasion of the voting those thanks. lie had ventnred to thiakthitt -
lime glorious action, the British troops bad borne a. they ought to vote their thanks to Lord 'We:Bards .
most contittious part ; and though the Spanish and himself, and not to ti Prince Regent, becaueett'br
i Portuguese troops were animated by the same spirit, the latter mode, Ti 1 Ministers
they were not equal in discipline. Thus circtant- plied ; but ing:tahe tempersb -ifthel.veLr'Aure alsatttoinf'bts
stanced, the allied army had to contend with one against his suggestion, he should.not press. his Attain : ,
equal in number, and led by a Marshal of France, Infton. (Hear, hear ) .1.• ,
.. ~ t, •
• .
and they had gained as. glorious a victory as ever • • Mr.
W AntisdAN felt it inniteVAlte,'CiiitClittill'ile
graced the annals of the country—(Loudcheer/,)— the motion pass without mak.ng some oiaseivat;ons ola •
I Nor in the contemplation of this signal event should it, yet he felt some reluctance to occupy -mein, ornet
j they lose sight of the other exploits of the Noble_ ona question, on which there was no difference .
[Marquis, who had on so many occasions. merited the opinion. However, as he had taken an active part,in ','
warmest gratitude of the country in general, and of that Court, whenever the merits of Load Wellnagtou
that Court in particular. He concluded by Moving, came to be a matter of discussion, he migitt:ao; •-
•
" That a dutiful and loyal Address be presented to his Royal hope for their indulgence while he- made a renter - -
Highness the Prince Regent, to congratulate his Royal Highness two, and while he 'expressed his cordial, approbation, •
on the brilliant and splendid victory obtaned over the enemy on of the motion before them. .. He certainly coubitaitat;,..,
the 22d of Jane last, near Salamanca, by the Allied Army, under but express his surprise, that any' such' Antefidibetfa, .
the command of the Marquis.of Ni'ell:ngton." should be thought of, as had been suggeso,.bittr
Mr. Quin said, that it was imposs:ble on such an had not been moved. He felt eonvluced Of thie
occasion to be sil eat ; nor did be think that there honest intentions of the Gentleman swim had badge,.
Could be any doubt that a similai motion would have in ceotemplation to move slid) an Amendmetlt 1...4
been brought forward, even thengli the viorthy Gen- but it was totally unnecessaryohough that-Grade
tierstan -had bust taken it up. He heartily concurred. man had a right to a patient hearing, whoa he roe*
lin all that fell foam him ; and when he looked at the for the purpose of delivering his setititneits4 HC
victbiy..wiliA had been gained, and the circum- could not but concur in oho Worthy Deputy's en,
;stances which attended it, he thought it would be pression of surprise at the apathy that had been erin.
difficult to find the equal of the Noble Marquis in ced on 'an occasion. of so much real* glorit4e-Ogin.
Europe. He could not. but recollect too the doubts try ; for so splendid did lie consider the 1440 h :that :
and fears and agitations which had existed on the he thought 110 else had ever been aChietted'lthicla
WaS more earthy of the thanks of the- Cc :"..Tat hit
subject of the wan in the Peninsula, ; rid he might
almost say that the Martiois of Well ngton had lien estimation, it was unexampled in history.' (Hear.)
:1 r pointed 40 a forlorn hope, so great was the despon• He had intended to propose, that 4- Court' illotild•bie.
tleitcy which had existed at one time as to the result. I assembled, for the purposg of tituving thanks,- seeing
If they followed the Noble Iv-la:gots throegh his the unaccountable apathy ofeithers:- ane4 he cer,kinly
whole career, they woold find fresh subject for ad- should have perse.veted in such intention, had he not
miraiion ; they would s:e 11:ns opprised by a power- been restrained by an idea, that it Would. seem as if '
fil veteran army, which he barded,by the most con- lie were only snatching at popularity. But thit apa.
thy might be accounted for : the fact Was, the court..
summate' sk:11 ;indeed. it might be truly said of him
had exhausted itself ; they had done s 6 much in the ..
Oat he tritinirlied by delay, aial conquered by acting
way of thanks, grip boxes and swords, that they had.
on the defensive. With regard to the Spanish nation, 1
I nothing left, when a fit occasion offered itielf, to
he thought that no triumph could be expected for
-,
them but through the nerves, minds, and patriotistn 1 bestow as emblems of their gratitude, except metes
of Britain. In contemplating this glorious achieve-
thanks. He had told them such would be the case; .'1
tr 'ent, ,no political consideration should be allowed to I and however he might be scoffed at and opposed it
enter ; they ehou!,t only look straight before them, , the time, events justified what heh id predicted.-+.
I When it was thoved that a sward should 5e presented
unbiassed by any feelieg but that if love 1. r their
1 to Lord Wellitigt9n, in expressing his aisprobaturol ;,
country, and gratitude towards the hero who had
deserved so well of it— (LVeheers.) It was not fur i the.conduct of that gallant General, he had ciEfaxest :
I the motion, because trolling had been done to merit.
him to enter into a series of tecintical obiervatiOns,
such -a distinction, th'ough he bi..li,v.il'illot" tnore I
nor was it necessary. In the resolution so quickly
would have been undertaken against Wiiiiesise..protia I
adopted by the Marquis of Wellington, he might be
dcd Ler‘t Wellington hail been plaeed under6ther
c:mpared to that Commander who had' said to his ,
l --
soldiers with equal force and brevity, " there are the I circumstances. NO Batt e had takenatt;ie notithing
; had been achieved—the !Word had bean netted -fbr in
enemy—here are we—if you don't beat them, depend
upon it they will beat you." (Applause and laughter.) I anicipation. That proceeding he had opfte4',.telaint
.-As to the consequelices of this great victory, he-i them at the same time, that su
.I,..'intait -.'' - I rots.
would abstain from all political reflection, nor would i :cried the value of their apprt,bagoui,.a 7‘ •de:t i
he *:use atiy doubts relative to the exPechtion from I more .dillicult to be,totv fit rewilVdtow: 11,;gloriO4,0
a certain island ; he would übstain'fronl such topies,i occasions called for them. Such had btenhis opt. 1
and merely remark, that two great results seemed to. nion —such *oil Was his opinion ,-and to sueli'airenalk
fl tw from this event : in the first place, it converted i stances only could he attribute the apathy that hid !
that into an axiom which was problematical before, I been evinced in coming forward to 'norm: well.ts)..
cited thanks for the splendid victory or SalartaitiCafbil
" that a great commercial country, however elerva- '
ant General who had won it.—He
gable of becoming a great military power, and of
tell or languid it might appear from luxury, was ca- ' rather to the gall
solemnly believed that it would have been more grate.
ful to the country as well As to the Marquis of Wel.-
excelling as much by land as it had done by sea."—
lington himself,' had all thelespression at their giati-
monstrated, that re nation, though once sunk, might ; (Cheer:.)—The next result was, that it was now de- '
tude been reserved for the present murnent.—(Laid
.
rtuEol, as they were, and as they slow are: they : again be restored. Let them look at the people of ' cri" of hear 1 hear ! ) —But they had granted £ll
l 'o
the emblems of their favour--.all tl:e tokens of their
had been sunk in sloth, in despondency, in slavery ; . gratitude—they had nothing left for the Marquis of
er, would
they were now, by the wonder-working Wellington but their thanks. These, howevwonder-working effect of Bri- i
be more acceptable to the individual who called
ash example and British discipline, revivified and !
exalted, beyond the expectations of the most stn-' them forth than ail the former emblems of their
ratitude, for he did not believe that there would
guine.—(4eyeure.) The worthy Gentleman, after g
be found one dissentient voice---their thanks al ould
some further observations, concluded by seconding
the motion. . be graced with unanimity--they had the heart-ap=
proving ejaculation of every Member of the Courser,Mr. Deputy Box explained, observing, that he did
might revile the cominon enemy with great'
not wish to mix polities in any • way with the motion ' They
truth sometimes, yet might they imitate him in some,
bef,re tine Court ; and, above ail, lie wished it to be-
instances with advantage, particularly in one thing,
passed with unanimity, since allele could be but one
feeling respecting the splendid victory acliieved at Sit- Which Was,
whenever we assumed a high ground, in.
M - - --- --- use, -,ence of recent successes—when flushed with,

lamanca hi the sarquis ofWellingion.
'. Mr: IlLosirots.t. 'said, that he could not give the me -1
tion before the Court that cordial approbation which,l
he wished to adducein supportrot any proposition for t
thanks to the Marquis of Welling-ton for his brilliant ;
ett.rts at Stilamanca.4 because the Motion before the
Court was for Addressto the Pk ince Regent, apd
t 4 Address the Frince_Regent was to thok and.cotn-
.pliment the Ministers. (Vol. Aro !_and Bear, hear I)
was the 'COMMUCIiOII he put rtpos 411 Addison
' to the Prince Regent on-such an occasion, and since
he vtls anxiouc that Lord Wellington only should be
praised, he could-not heartily concur in the notion:
It t_was the Marquis.of ,Wellington to Whom 'they,
withal in return their thanks, on whom they wited
. to bestow atOrianourable proof of their grateful feeling.
towardillim ; why then should they not thank h;ns
in a frank and net in an indirect manner l Why not'
I follow the examples of that Court in the instance of
Barrossa, when they thanked Graham--in the case
!sof Talavera, when they addressed Weltngton—in
the instance of the Nile, when they voted their grate-
; fill thanks to Nelson On these occasions they had
acted wisely ; they had thanked the heroes them-:
I selves for the honours they had won for their conn.
try. So he would have them act uow he would
have them vote thanks to the Marquis of Wellington,
and in so doing • that would
be congenial
loose it Resolution,
a That .the .Tha,
Mart* gt Wry

consesuL . ,
victory—We should. nt t stiffer that .inonient to pusio
without snaking prOpeaitiopi for pea ce--tHisir; *aim)
We had achieyed a ye* victory in the Periintu
and according to all intagent* from Russia, Bona
parte had beer. cheCked in that quarter 4 then wha
better oprwaufkity for proposiqg a peace than t
iiiesent ?—tliter, hear.) If then they were to go o
step .fut Cher in .t.he Pr9POSed Address to the Frit
• Regent, he should wish it,tO be for the sake of em•
bodying some fith.iciltinsent. 'Having rromulga
tcd the sentiment, he 'Should leave it to operate o
the mintli Of...the,sCourt., Ttesonclusion, he could n
but repeat that the Address had hit most tinquail
fled and cordial approbation. ' • '
Mr. Diana approved of the motion—hoped no pa
litical matter would bit introduced to disturb maul.
nut!, and shtuNght that Lotd Wellinr.ton had merit
ted the sword, itzumncla as he had beaten Masses;,
• by delay. . .
After some explanatory observaticns; from. IIN
BnowN atal Mr.
_WAirtuaaa, the rqu,tiojania.,ol
and agreed to unanimously.
A Committee .w.'s then appointed t<l &ow up
Address accordingly. They irtaing preParett
they returned to the Court,: when--the Asidoss<v
read, agreed to, and ordered to be presented isi•
Thole Court. The niteriffs, attstaelid Of
-- wait

•

:;.

• .;.:

o.

• , •

.

•

ing they would act in a way that would whole Court. The blieriffs, aftse4ll6l 117-14111111
to his feelings.- He had intended to pro- rnsinbroncer, wets directed to wait, ispow.his
lutiou, as an Aufehdineut, 'to this effect, Highness 41141 Pantos RUMS?, tO • klifer 1414
!Thanks of the Court be liven to the ito 'would.
wOnernifirOi• wiliailsons .;, A t tro:er •
.
to
