VANILIM,VE.

Our old (liens! VANDAIIatE has again made his ap•
pearatice on the political stage. He, poor innocent
blameless creature, hits been vilely calumniated of
late, and like SOUL?, Nay. :in," a variety cf other
pupils of the same ccho .1, VA7MANINIE has also, put
turd' his lifon,ire Juseyi:atij: N t having gem the
whole of this precious liter oy p..iformance, we can-
e it sp....tk of its merits : we doubt not that as a
argument, it is c..mplae in all its pai ts—consirocted
by the rules of logic and right reason, and Hf
" strange saws and modem ilctdcnts." There 4e a
few farce in the life of VANDAMM4 however, winat
drly all the power of Oa-colic to soften down, and
these we shall lay before our Readers as a prelude to
his deence. ci me before us when it may.
VANDANIMit is the son of a bather at CAM!, in t!:e
nr rth of France : in 1787 he enlisted as a con.mou
soliier in the French corps call:d the ltvgimerit of
Flanders. Nexr rear he was convicted or r..bberf
and house breaking, and condemned to be hanged.
ley ill.. ill-timed lenity of liirun L'Aww.ois,
criminal judge at Cassel, and of whom we shall sae
more herexter. the sentence of death was commuted
for ten years slavery in the gallies, and to be brarded
on both shoulders by the common executioner. To
Iltost lse was conveyed in pursuance of his sentence;
but, in 1790, in: escaped amid the incipient contu•
sions of the revolution.

At Paris, whither he fled, as the grand focus of
attract;on tor the ma:viral: supers of all countries, be
commenced Jacobin and Mountaineer—thundered in
the clubs as well as the best of them about libzrty
And equality, and in due time was made a G.:neial
by ROBESPIGRII

In the campaigns of 1793 and 1794, he command-
ed in Maritime Flanders. When the Convention
creed that all emigrants taken prisoners should tz
shot, there was a reluct:ince to comply on the pail
of many even of the revolutionary commanders.
VANDAUME set the truly laudable example of short-
ing, with his own hand, an emigrant o:ficer, wha
was brought to him as a prisnner at Furnes, in 1791.
"this manly act was of tutus greatly applauded hy
th. wretches who then called themselves the Govan-
mt-nt of France ; but VANDAMMI was soon com-
pelled to evacuate Fumes, the inhabitants having
conceived the utmost abhorrence against him and his
troops—besides the Allies pressed hard
Although he saved his baggage and ammunition, lie
was ordered to Paiis to give an account of his coos
duct before the Committee cf Public Safety. In the
summer of 1794 he arrived in Paris, but such was
the satisfaction which he gave to Itonasrleanat that
he was officially declared by the Committee of Pub-
lic Safety, to be 66 a true Sans Culotte, without
clime or reproach," and he was restored to his cam-
mond in Flanders.

During his stay at Paris, an incideat occurred
truly remarkable in the lite of this great man, 71111
on which we cannot dwell without ,feelings of no
common k:iid.

Vital:mama had been saved in 1788 from being
h4nged by the clemency of the Baron L'ANouni,
his indge : in 1793 he had an opportunity of evincing
hi, gratitude. L'Asiams was one of the4iches►'
but nevertheless the most humane and the most ge-
nerous inhabitant of French handers. VANI)0.001
paid him a domiciliary visit, ransacked and pillaged
his 'suasion, and then sent the saner, who was 80
years of age, to Paris as a suspected linalist. Un
the occasion VANDAMME wrote to the National Con-
vention, that the prisoner was excellent game for
the guillotine." Such wa# the stye inspired by his

4

In 1800 he commanded a division under the Army
Swabia, whole famous retreat has immortalized
the memory of bloasau. On this occasion VAN-
r..tmuz ordered one POHMIER, a Commissary, to put
in requisition several heads of cattle from the Ger-
Ltian inhabitants of Suabia, an 4 they to accept of
lialf their value in cash. Postmen for this infamous
transaction was shot by order of MOREAU in front of
the whole army, and with his dying breath declared
that VANDAEINE pocketted the whole of the money.
MOREAU instantly sent VANHAHNE into the rear of
the army, and deprived him of his command.
After MonaMA exile, VANDAMME was brought
forward by BONAPARTE., and made Governor of Lulle.
There is a curious letter or manifesto e*tant of
VANDAMMis dated in December 1794, addresser; to
Ueaage (then Hereditary Prince of ()RANGE,
and pow KING of the NETHERLANDS) full of trash,
superscrihed—" Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, or
Death," and signed—" VANDAMHEI General of thi:
_fans Culottes."

VANDAMMS served at Hamburgh, we believe,
during the memorable Russian campaign : and here,
ia coajonction with a fellow with a name and nature
RS beastly as his own, viz. Von HDOENDORP, he issued
the elegant Proclamation which ordered all the Ladies
411 Hiniburgh to be flogged for assembling in the
streets. In the grand struggle of 1813, for the liberties
of Europe, VANDAMMX and his whole.corps were cutoff
and made prisoners at Colm and Nollendorf, not far
from Dresden. His conduct, when made a prisoner.,
was outrageous in the extreme : the too generous
.7farnperor ALEXANDER sent him a carriage and a pprse
t4oney to convey him to the Russian frontiers, but •
'to the. Grand Duke cONSTANTINE, who way the bearer
-of the gracious message of his Impetial brother, he
used the most vtligar and insulting language. Tae
consequence was his banishment to Siberia. 'Ailoneau,
-.hen lying at the point of death hom his .dreadtql
wounds, on hearing of VANDAAINz's conducr, said to
a RassianDflieer—" Take his sword from hint—that
villain has too long disgraced.the name of soldier."
In the extracts which we have.seen from the De-
fence which VANDANINIE leis published for himself,
:re says, that after his reurn from Siberia, in 181,1,
Ile went to Cassel to lire on his estates. He adds,
that he offered his services to the KING on the land-
ing of BfINAPARIE, but they were not accepted.
4 6 BONAPARTE arrived at the Thuilleries on the 20th
of Marc!, and when the ng had left Lisle and
ance,l cria,led Cass,,l, and app-4ted at the Elope-
r :415 L'.!VCC."-1!t• then rec,livt,,t the corriniatiJ of di:.
tiecond Ni..tary eieo..,,A the foteisti tioopy
droned against Fiance as i),.fier the 3fi.lif
f..r Ileums, 1;e was sent against Wavies, wiiil.t the
.east of the F:eni.h army marched upon Wut.slmo.
f:lte of that battle r!:iced him N‘lyi lir.d passed
Wavr;:s in it theadful hitustion. elltn..ted hi.
retreat will his army and water& to is. By the
Military Cony ntl.iu he was dent beyond the Loire,
sad whep thr. King eri:ered Paris, he was one of the
hest G 7 sign the Act of Suhmi:,sion and hoist the white
August he received artier;. to give up
his commands and he retired to a country !tease at
Limoges. )''rum Limoges he was flijeiCti to take
f!, departure in twenty-four hours. He went to
011L,ns—anel received a similar order, directing him
sq.) repair to Vier," where he now resides. So
long as the Kipg was en iris throne, I confined,
an) sal( within the circle of the .doties of a good chi-
stn. I evinced a blind and respectful obedience to,
'!!f; I.AWS and aothority of the Government. Sum-
:stoned aftrtwards to the defence uS the French ter-,
• i.ory against armed Powers, I still discharged the
11.1:tes tit a good citiz...n. I rallied nlytellto the brave
lUD whose dearest taterest it was to cause their native
;oil to be respected."

GeneralLAMAn.qt;E, whqcornmanded in La Vendee
aganAt I,k Rorttr. itit Queuxt, liliss sere a Memorial
.tr the Fiends &txo, cuLtainitty, the most curious revs:—
::atinns relative to D4rot.sr and CAI:NnT, Ministers
-1( War loll' of the interior to RTC, doting
his last usurpation. DAy.)urr, lie s.tys, sent Lun in-
4teuaaiorsa to buts arol destroy every v;fl.igu in La
s:ert•lre ; ark Ca IRNOT supp.ll ted this slstern
I: y and devastation.
The story of snipe Frenchmen havii.g devoured an
)414;:i S horse, tel4tvi by (General 41,vtchauten
• ¢a' as .I,tv.:g Insprned in Ene,latid, did actually
t.4ke place closing the retreat. of the Trench Isom
Mlsto.v. r 1 French general, ‘shorie stud had been
xrdoced ;*rorn thirteen to one horse, had been riding
beveral. hputs without a morsel to eat. On his jour.
stet' he aceidentally beard the sovnd of jollity issuing
front a barn ; he, consequently alighted at the door,
.ar,:d found a merry groupe, devouring meat, &c. in
Abundance. Having represented his famished state,
)ie was desired to wait whilst a hut steak was provided
for !Am, Having satisfied the cravings of hunger he
eager to resume his flight, when, on enquiring
fur his horse, be was giVen to understand that he had
• • .• •4
at "ffis himselfregand upon it,

Tenerable presike, WAWA 'Viclbi ignacemey of
• life however, that Amos the bloody Roseamaan
„voilld not amid bin) for trial, but allowed Aim to
.e at !Argo, under the superintendence of a gens-
-j'armes.

The day before VANDA/014 left Paris to resume
tis command, • Baron. L'AuoLopi had the misfortune
to meet him t " What," said Vatinasinan, es are you
*live still ?—But you have not forty-eight hours more
:o live I" L'Arrot.ots was denounced to the Revo,
.%••
tunonary tribunal on the same day as an aristocrat,
snd next day the guillotine ended his days.
VANDAStstr, on his return to Cassel, purchased of
he revolutionary banditti all the estates of 114 N.
3:,ors, and he has occasionally resided on them since.
On VANDAMMIL'S return to the Army of the North.
w found a demur had been made against a Decree
,f Rom:menu. which ordered every English and
morerian Officer and soldier to be shot when taken
sri,:nner. VANDAMMI hereupon selected a Hanove-
i.to Officer from among the prisoners, and shot him
a cold blood in front et Nieuport I
The death of RoMisPinne was the signal for the
.cizure of VANDAMMIL and many others of his slaves,
he recovered his liberty in consequence of the I,
imnesty of the Convention, and lived a few years in
I kind of disgrace.
In 1796, he affected to join the faction which
lltted for the restoration of the BqunnoNs, and were
ent to Cams* fcr their pains. VANDAMME was a
acre spy upon them, set on by BONAPARTE and the
acobir faction. His services procured him a cons-
.nand in the Army of Italy, where he served with
little or no eclat.

NING STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER al, 1815.
ile.Tweetes's Dom.—Holiday the leak.

We have received the Paris Papers of Sunday.—
They state that LAVALITTE 1146 been given to under-
stead that by will be pardoned. Abbe PaAny, who
was Bonaparteis Ambassador to Warsaw, and who
disclosed some of his Master's state secrets in an in-
genious and sprightly Work published last year, has
again made his appearance as an author. The title
be has chosen is the 66 Congree{ of Vienna," but be
goes into a much wider Odd of political and philoso-
phical speculation.

He brings under his view the changes, total as
well as political, which Europe has undergope during
the last sixty years. 64 fvery nation," he observes,
" has in that period shone with lustre in its turn; and
almost every idea in moral and political economy
has been canvassed, and had its share of currency.
Let us take a view of the progress of mankind—
hitherto war and religion have formed the chief oc-
cupations of all nations : history scarcely mentions
any thing else at length civilization has its day no
person in particular has a right to claim the merit of
this change, for all have brought in their contingent.
The education of all nations has been, as it were,
finished at once s formerly they understood each
other without conversing with each other : of late
years they have been conversing without understand
in;; each other, and the organ used by them was the
French revolution : this dreadful monstrosity fright-
ened them all, but did tiAt disperse them. Here,
as every where else, justice has been done; whatever
there was of barbarism or injurious to the true rights
of men has excited horror and has been finally re-
jected : whatever was good and conformable to the
welfare of the people has finally Boated on the sur
face, has been carefully collected, and now forms the
richest treasures of every nation.
46 The people have acquired a sentiment of their
rights and dignities. They know that they are the
beginning and the end of civil society and of its
pqwer—that these powers exist only for same indivi-
duals, but that these individuals exist solely for the
good of the people. Hence the necessity of a go-
vernment by which the people shall interfere directly
ia the management of their own affairs. Let us re.
gulate, by all means, the forms of Qovernment y
which nations are to be distinguished; but let this
popular intervciition be permated ; it is indispensible."
A fine contplimete. is paid to the Iress, and we
think its inviolihility is clearly demonstrated as cssen•
tint to the ex'sttnce of every tationai Govarnment, in
fi,lowing passage:

66 A new power has reoently started up in every
country, which is c4lled public opinion, from the
empire of which no person can withdraw himself, and
to whose tribunal Governments themselves inces-
santly app;.al ; for there is not one of their actions,
which is not A petition or rather an appeal to that
power, which beats gently along those who go
with the stream, hut which eogulphs, as in a torrent,
all those who tn.tke head against it. It is this power
nhich has introduced into Europe a change which,
by caaioliclating all these changes which had been
Aready even (acted, will give an openiag to many
It is (.6:fently its wot

4. Every whew Sovorolgsts are promisinr, free Con-
stitutions to thcir stt!)jectsi ev,try where, in setting
out lion) the s.:cial contract, at nearly equal distances,
homage is dune to it, and it is now its turn to reign.'
1-IPre then we we the European nations in po.session
of the full exercise of rights of which, one hundred
years ago, they had not even an idea.
4. In future it will be as impossible to establish an
error among nations as to their trtte interests, as to
maintain an error in geometry. The people have ac-
quired a face so sure and so delicate, that should go-
.vepments place their foot on a wrong read,.the
people will instantly draw them back. It is a great
error to suppose that people consent because they are
silent: wait an instant, and you will see that it is then
they complain most loudly.
4.4 It is also equally certain, that nations will be-
come much easier to govern the more they are en-
lightened : they will merely insist on being governed
in a different way. 1)o not propose the same Con-
stitution to the learned and the unlearned : do not
put the same bridle on the wild colt that you would
,on the Lady's nag ...inch has been taught to measure
all his steps. It: order to govern nations which have
eklightened ideas, you must govern them by enlight-
ened idea : if you do not, they will overturn you."

We regret that our time acrd limits forbid us to
cuter truce at large into this most ingenious and
uuly publication.

New• York P.tinrs have rcncliecl us to the 2.th ult.
Boston to the gith, and Quebec Papers to the 1 ith.
Theimost interesting part of their contents relates to
a scurespondencc between the Comoicdore DECATUR
and the BUS of TUNtS and TRIPOLI, which we gaye
a few days since.

The Princess CIIARLOTTG of WALES is expected
from Weymouth at Cranbourn Lodge, in it few dayr.
It is expected the Pi ineeFs will spend her gbristMas
with the QJJEEN and P - RIRCESIII4.
Tl:ii morning dii:d the Rev. Dr. VII PINT, Suka.
Almoner to his Majesty and Dean of Westminster.
great bell of the Abbey Loki on the cscsioa.
