apseiminmew

• SPAM ..eIND PORTUGAL.
LISBON, lAN. t.
Every dot& on the subject of the annexation of
Spain to France, removed by an intercepted let-
ter, published in the memorial Military Patrietico
of the 25th December. It comes from Azanza,

Joseph's Ambass'ador Extraordinary at Paris, and
is addressed to one of the -Ministers at Madrid.
In it this courtier communicates, after many pream-
bles, in which he discovers his previous fears and the
bitterness of his heart, that he was invited to the
house of Talleyrand, who observed to him that
France had spent large sums and wasted many ar-
mies in the Peninsula, and that she must repay her-
Self and be compensated Tor sacrifices so great ; that
the blood of Napoleon had been ungrateful to hint,
and had not taken due care of his interests—that the
debaucheries of Joseph, and the ignorance and ca-
price of his Ministers, had prolonged a war which
ought to have been terminated long ago—that Ca-
barras alone had done more mischief to the French
rause than the battles of Baylen, of TalaVera, &c. ;
and that in short, both the Peninsula and Italy should
be incorporated with the French empire.
Azanza submitted to him, that to change the dy-
nasty, and to destroy the independence of Spain and
the Spanish name, were very different things.—that
the inhabitants of the provinces beyond the Ebro had
submitted to the government of Joseph without much
disturbance • but that no sooner had Bonaparte de-
• creed the formation of military governors if those
provinces, than a great insurrection broke out—that
in consequence of the war of the Peninsula not being
terminated, the French generals. had prOdeeded to
treat the inhabitants in a cruel and despotic manner ;
that the best opportunities had been lost, from the
plans of the campaign being ill combined and worse
executed=that the insurgents had assembled the
Cortes, and were employed in forming an universal
legislation for all parts of the monarchy—that in
consequence of a novelty so pernicious, all parties
would join that of the insurgents—that the latter
would prefer death before slavery—that the war
would become much more lasting, and that the Eng-
lish would not cease to assist them in such circum-
stances, &C.
To all this the Ex-bithop of Autun replied, that he
*as not invited to throw doubts on a point that was
already decided upon by the highest wisdom, and
the most profound policy ; and concluded with com-
plimenting him on his henceforward belonging to the
Great Family."
The•war in the Peninsula is interminable in its na
tore; and the resolution which Bonaparte has adopt-
ed, at the moment when it shall be realized, and the
shadow of King Joseph shall disappear from Spain,
will afford the greatest possible support to the cause
of our independence.
Pk MATE

112, DEC. 28.

- ----- - -
it I profit of this opportunity to inform you, that since
I last wrote our offeivsive operations have become se-
rious and successful. On the night of the 22d a division
of our armed boats, carried by surprise a battery of
three guns," in the Gut of the Isla de Leon, making
a non-commissioned officer and one private prisoners,
and putting the'rest of the piquet (fourteen) to the
sword. On the night ofthe 26th it was apprehended the
enemy would make an attack near Puntales Fort,
from the disposition of their gun-boats, Scc. Great
part of our garrison had been attacked all night with
the troops encamped between our Glacis and Pun-
tales, which is J till continued—but all was silence on
the part of the enemy at the hour of two o'clock, al
long-thought-of plan was immediately put in men-
lion ; and at that hour 61 British and Spanish gun-f
boats began to take their stations to the right and
left of Puntales and Fort Louis, which forms the
point of Trocadero, and at ten o'clock one of the
most tremendous fires was opened on the whole of
the enemy's line of batteries by Puntales, the Spanish
mortar battery to the right of it, and our new land-
battery in conjenction with the Marine post. This
was a most grateful sight to the natives here, who from
their fiat-roofed houses and the ratnparts, had a per-
fect proSpect .1 .ill. This dreadful fire lasted for bet-
ter that, th:e hours. The enemy returned it with a
good deal of spirit ; but such was the disposition of
the gun-boats, and the elevation of the enemy's guns,
that every shot went over, so that we had not a man
killed or wounded, but it seems the Spaniards had a
few. It is consideted, in a minor way; as a most di:-
tinguished affair. The Spaniards did their part ad-
mirably well. At Fort Louts, the mud-battery, and
a small one between Fort Louis and Matagorda were
immediately taken in the rear. All the embrazurei
and cannons directed towards the Isla were beat down,
and as the enemy apprehended this furious attack was
to cover a landing, columns of infantry, and some
squadrons of horse were marched down, amongst
whom several of our shot and shells were seen to fall,
and they to retreat with precipitation. Captain Bride,
-who had a principal share in this attack, has declared
that he considers, from the accuracy with which our
shot and sh: lis were thrown, that the loss of the enemy
must be about 1000 men, chiefly cavalry. It has
been quiet since, but we continue by a few shots now
and then, to keep them awake, and they will have
enhugh of it ; but, without our land force being
ngthened, I think we cannot attempt any thing
more than this kind of warfare. To make good a
landing at Trocadero there would be no difficulty ;
but, it requires a strong force to make a stand against
the force the enemy may collect from the clittetent
cantonments about Xeres, where there isa s.i ong body
of cavalry, and which could arrive in a fi w hones ;
but if it were possible to make a stand whilst a carat
may be cut from Puerto Real Rivcr to the opposite
side, o as to insulate Trocadero completely, and
which is already so near that it would be a most grand
thing, it would entirely remove any apprehension, or
annotance of this city, open a free navigation with
tl'e Isla, and make this a second Gibraltar ; and,
whatever the sacrifice may be, something of this kind
mist be done, or we shall be constantly annoyed.—
A 68ib. shell landed on our barracks the other day,
but these barracks are bomb-proof, and the ramparts
on the land side, that are mounted with a number of
*file ordnance."
" Dtc. 29. (Twelve o'clock.)—This is to inform
your that early this morning a hot fire was opened on
the enemy's lire of batteries, something similar to the
attack of the Mr and continues with increased j
warmth. General 11th,
and his Staff came this '
- .

•
