THE POLISH CAUSE.

n There is now only one question :—Will Europe desert Palmed,
If she does, it is simple charity and pure unmingled meek humanity
to pray that she may be subjected for another half century, to bean bar.
tartans, if th can be found, to more ensanguined hypocrites, if the
loth can breed them, than those who have borne sway and rioted in all
her quarters for the fast. If what is past has not demonstrated the true
inset and bearing of arbitrary governments, or has been insufficient to
trite mankind in terror of their tender mercies and horror of their piety,
there must of necessity be more ; and charity is to wish It quick and
over, that the world at some time may begin to flourish and to breathe.
la all the various nations of Europe, insular or continental, every indi-
vidual, except the combined for plunder, has deeply suffered, and I.
now suffering, for the passive guilt of submission to that scheme of
tyrant wrong, of which the spoliation of Poland was the beginning,
and its promised restoration is the end. Will these individuals—in
their several spheres and capacities, and as God shall give them grace
sad power,—unite for the purpose of securing that great Act of Aboll.
um of European slavery, the re-establishment of independent Poland,
as a barrier against the barbarians of the Haat ? Is there any inhabitant
of the Britian Islands,—to limit the application to a single quarter,
who does not see that the power of Russia has been appealed to for the
purpose of cutting of and diminishing his own liberties, and that the
magnitude and security of his enjoyments fluctuate in exact inverse
proponion to the influence of the other? It is not that there is any
.nitnosity against Russia. Russia is as yet intrinsically barbarian a
vinebody must be last in the progress of civilization, and it happens se
Russia. Her government is centuries behind those of moat a the
Europeoo nations, in all that is acknowledged to constitute the
of a good or desirable governmeut. And for this very meow
she is courted and appealed to, by the supporters of 0b...
in all quarters of the globe."
" The people of England were the parties really made war upon,
the first jeoetioo of English ministers with the Holy Allies in
to the termination in Ist S. It is we who were the doers.
and it is we who now intend to be up. Give us Palmed
began with Poland, and with Poland they shall and.
the streets,--the man who is to he hanged for delle
son and heir to the spotiatinn of Poland. and would net
been where he is, but for the principles which enabled a British
to join twice in that act of basewess. And exactly ss that is
, will our recovery move hand in hand. If the Russians are
over the Niemen, we shall have the Ballot ; if they cross the
we shall be rid of the Corn Laws ; and if the Poles can get
we too In our eases shall get back to the ground of 1666.
.1 looks to France; she shall he the great nation for ever and
ever, if she will but proclaim the restoration of the Europe of 1772.
send each of the robbers a tricoloured lag as a notice to quit.
• not they insulted her, have not they trampled over her, have not
'den over her with Cossacks, and all manner of wild beast% for
but because she had driver back their Duke of Brunswick in
and answered the invasion in each and every of their capitals; and
Nod for what reason ,should any honest man in France or elsewhere,
',hope, and ardently aspire after seeing her the instrument of the
. retribution ? Some will call this • sounding the tocdo of war,'
.octin of war is to have two tongues ; one of brass, when the des.
and the barbarians are to be gathered together, and another of
when the civilised races are to take measures for their mutual
The civilised people are to sit down and see themselves
in detail ; while barbarity is to have a free-masonry of fel-
' over the earth, and constitute one agency with a deg*
re never was so large a demand made uo human folly at
'oop before ; mankind may have been feeble enough. but there
ereredent for expecting such debility as this. Bat to the Bog.
individually, there is a reason closer than political—a reason which
home to every man's basket and to his store, and which should
'ge his liveliest exertions, as it will the keenest opposition of his
enemies. Poland is A immure Goo's granary; it is the
• ought to be grown the millions of quarters of morn, and
millions of quattern loaves, which Amid be dropping
ihs of the children who are starving for want of thorn, sod
du aut drop. because the a. indbolders stand by witb a dg-
ire on the fathers of those children if they attempt to pro-
./ the exchange of their manufacturing industry. All
tit be covered with English cottons, and all England fat-
oath Polish curs ; but one selfish and overlies/iv order Osiers
• crost.road, and swears with cocked pistols that net a bit that
of either. It was for this purpose that wars bare leis
since 1792. We have been buried with debt. as a prellnd.,
to being starved. That yom—and yote—and you—snight die in
Lorifers, and somebody else ride thereby so fat horses, bee
object. end, and moislusioo, of the long turmoil of war aid
energies,"

,her Europeon nat
titence of a good
I; IN that she is coo
eminent in all clue
" The people of
rent the first pane
17,11. to the term
; and it I.
4r meetings begat
Ise beggar in the
oning,--is son an
re been where hi
flinty to join teri
done, will out re
en over the
leper, we shall I
molensho, we too
.0 world looks tc
Or ever, if she will
send each of t
eve not. they ind
ey ridden over ht
u reason but beat
79t, and answerer'
by and for what r
• t Irish, hope, and
orld's retribution
I he tocsin of war i
uts and the barber
It, when the civil
PPort. The civl
onquered in detail
W.bip all over the
There never
I swoop before ;
00 precedent for
vii
met home to eve
!loge his liveliest
retie enemies.
re where ought
''imocie of milk
0 the mouths of
ich ae, ,ot 4rn
nder, to bre on
ts them by the
•40.4 might be en
d Polish c
to the crossroad
Place of either
rltti oft More 171
to bdng stare
sad owners, a
the object. che
i*lte energies."
