'I'UtiKEY.

FROM THE ETOILK, DATED WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Juir 11.

CONCLUSION OP THE PITMAN DISSOLVING THE CORPS
OF THE JANISSARIES.
" The name of Janissary shall no longer exit ; in
their stead a sufficienr nurnbtr of troops shall be re-or-
ganized, under the name of Assikiri Monsurri Muha-
.medie (victorious troops of Mahomet), who will serve
the state and religion with honour, and in future will
know how to meet the energy. The actual possessor of
the Landschak of Hudawendikiar (Limn) is appointed
their General in Chief, and shall have his residence in
the palace of the Aga of the Janissaries. Thit palace
shall henceforth be c filled only the palace•of the Seras-
kier Pacha, and the barracks and guard houses shall be
occupied ouly by his troops. The titles of Aga of the
Janissaries, Aga of Catar, Aga of Bolos, are entirely,
abolished. The latter Aga of the' Janissaries is raised
to the dignity of Capidgi Baschi (chamberlain), with the
rank of Emiri Ahorelvet (chief equerry); aad the late
Kul Kyavassi (Lieut. of the Aga of the Janissaries) is
adjoined to the Seraskier Pacha, with the title of Miri
Miram (Pacha of two tails). The Zagardsche-baschi
(Chief of the Keepers of the Hounds) and 'the Sampon
Ischi-baschi (Chief of the Keepers of the 801 l Digs) are
appointed Capidgi Baschi ; the other officers, known by
the name of 13ulak Agoleri (Generals of Cavalry), who
have temained faithful to the Government, are raised to
the dignity of St' a hors (equerries); in short, every one
has received according to his rank marks of the Impe-
rial munificence. Tho,e who have hitherto occupied
the pl.ce of Yayabuluk Matissarifi (possessors of mili-
tary benefices or forms) shall be considered henceforth
equal to the other pains (holders of mili ary fiefs) in the
quality of Decolte Alie Yedeklussi (irremoveable digni-
taries), and employed in other honourable officei under
the Sublime Porte.
4' As for the Janissaries who have in their hands as-
signment for pay or daily allowances, they shall con•
tinue to enjoy them without any diminution for the re-
mainder of their lives, under the shadow of the e►er
charit •ble protection of the Sublime Porte by means of
sealed bons, which they are to present and have regis-
tered. It may be relied upon that injustice shall be
done to nobody. Thus the Mussulmen people, great and
small, the Uletnas, and the members of the corpora
tions, in a word, the whole Mussulman nation, will
form henceforward only one body. All must consider
each other as brethren in the faith ; no disunion, no
misunderstanding, must prevail among them. The great
must look uptm the little with commisseration, and the
latter must show respect to the great. In a wcrd, all
must be united as long as it shall please the ALMIGHTY
to accomplish the great work of the new system, which
has been unanimously chosen and adopted, chit fly with
a view to glorify, according to the will of the holy law,
and to diffuse the word of the protecting GOD, and to'
animate the teligion and the law of the Prince of the
prophets. Beware of permitting any person whatever
to dare to speak or act in a contrary manner, or to op-
pose the decrees of the Government. If this should
happen, know that the resolution to employ, with the
aid of Goo, the sword of the law, is already taken, and
that everything necessary will be done to carry it
into ezecution.

" As all these measures will be announced in Rume-
lia and Anatolia, and in the whole empire, by particular
firmans, you will surnasbn the Imans of the quarters
which are under your direction ; you will acquaint them
with the state of things, and furnish them with authen-
tic copies of the present Erman, that each of them may
read it in the mosques •nd places dedicated to prayer.
'You will signify and explain to the people that the sole

[PRICE SEVENPENCE.

cause of the dissolution of the Janissaries is the neces-
sity and the wish to vivify religion, to fortify the Otto-
man powers, and to ameliorate Islamism; that for this
reason the statutes of that corps have been changed,
and exercised troops putin their place, under the deno-
mination of victorious troops of Mahomet ; that no
reduction will be made in the pay of the late Janissaries ;
that their assignments will be punctually paid during
the life of the possessors. You will invite all those who
have the faith, and are submissive to Goxi and to his
holy book, to address thanksgivings to the Simms
BRING for this happy event; to live tranquilly under
the protection of the most powerful Padischah, who is
the shadow of Goo on earth ; and not cease to implore
with him the bengilictiors of Heaven. Lastly, you will
inform thein that whoever shall maintain the contrary
will be punished in this world and in the other. Yost
will therefore watch with the greatest attention over
this, st.id whatever concerns the commands of the law.
The 11th Zekkadi, 1241. (16 June, 1826)."

TURKISH CIVILIZATION AND THE CONSTI-
TUTION OF .PORTUG4L.

The two grand points upon which politicians now
differ are the democracy of the Portuguese Constitu-
tion, and the liberalism of the Emperor of Constanti-
nople. The Turkish Government bad an ancient mili-
tary establishment, with manners and customs peculiar
to themselves. They have destroyed it to form a new
establishment with foreign manners. No one can yet
say the change is accomplished ; however our modern
Journalists, in stating the consequences, declare that the
Turkish Empire is on the march towards civilization,
and that it will soon become European. Up to this clar
the best infOrmed persons have doubted whether tiviltri
motion can depend on the organiz aim of military force.
—All S:ates, truly European, have proved that •it Is
developed by the principles of good order, by laws
which maintain, and by institutions which protect the
rights of individuals. By borrowing the usages and
improvements among civilized people, a nation proves
that it is desirous of refcrm in social habits, but it is not
entering upon a sys'ear of eivilizrti n when a govern-
ment of despotic character merely employs its resources
to maintain the misery and slavery of people submitting
to its domination. Turkey, to merit the honour o. be-
ing counted among European Governnients, must do
more than change her undisciplined hordes of Janissa-
ries to Regiments and Brigades.
If it be admitted that civilization is only seen where
tht common interest rests upon-law, it must alto be al-
lowed that the best of all human rights is the enjoyment
of personal liberty and property. Those who, on the
part of the Turkish Government, promise tl:at it will
abandon confiscations, (at a •time when it. not only con-
fiscates, but kills according to wi 1), give no assurance
that it will destroy slavery. Suppress the slavery lonk
established in Oriental G ivernments, and something
may be done ; but whilst they can seize and sell human
creatures, it is of no impcirtance whether they renounce
the right of confiscating all the unfortunate slaves possess
—The fact is, that the Turkish Government have found,
by long experience, the inconvenience of having‘an un-
disciplined military force, and they are desirous of try-
ing the dangerous experiment of having a discipliner'
force: that is the 'only change contemplated, the only
change in its power. The change, if i. be effected, may
have momentous consequences, with respect to relations
between Sta:es which are decided by force ; but it can-
not have any effect on the civilization of the Turks.
It is an historical fact, that military power, not le-
strained by civil institutions, has always ended in the
destruction of t..e Government and the rights Of the
population. In a coun.ry like the Ottoman Empire,
where slavery is public right, there can be no civil in-
stitutions on which the safety of a Government' can
rest. States more advanced in civilization than Turkey
have ling since discovered this, by sad experience:—
Some men have predicted great danger in the adopticu;t
of European discipline by Barbarians. It may give
birth, they say, to events, the consequences of which
it may be dithcult to calcula e. Others perceive in the
military revolution at Constantinople the means of fe-
pelling the Colossus which presses upon Europe. That
Colossus is Russia. There is another class occupied
with the Portuguese Constitution. They consider it re-
volutionary, and boast the firmness of the Emperor
Nicholas. als r the firmness of the Emperor Alexander,
and add, that if the Holy Alliance is no longer in.ex-
istence, there is an end to the salvation of the world.
We notice these strange contradictions, which form pait
of the principle upon which a precipitate judgment is
formed upon events not yet defined. rise Portuguese
Constitution is no more a threat of Revolution for the
world, than the military Revolution of Constantinople
is a proof of civilizati m and a guarantee against the
development of the power of Russia.

The Consfitsaionael; under. date of Lisbon the Bth
instant, states that the news flora the provinces is satit-
factory. The petty =limy tumults on the northern
frontier it appears never gave any serious uneasiness,
where there is now the same tranquillity that prevails
in the other parts of the kingdom.
Letters from Rome state, that the villians belonging
to the band of Gasperone, who are confined in the
chateau of Sr. Ange, haiinibeen promised by the Abbe
PELLEGRINI that they should be set at liberty after a
few months' imprisonment, not finding his promise
realized, have denounced him as an accomplice ; in con-
sevenceof which he was arrested, and was not allowed to
be at large until he gave bail to a considerable amount.
A letter from Rio Janeiro has been received, dated
the 14th of June, the postscript of which says, " I just
learn that Lord PONSONIII has prevailed with the Conn.
cil to acknowledge the independence of the Banda Ori-
ental." We stated some time ago, on very good infor-
mation, that one of the objects of Lord Pontonnies
mission was to detach the disputed territory of Monte
Video and the surrounding country, both from Buenos
Ayres and from Brazil, and to establish it into an in-
dependent State. This point, as regards the latter
Power, would now appear to have been gained, though
the more difficult part—that of prevailing on the Re-
public of Buenos Ayres to agree to the measure--te-
mains rill to be accomplished.— Timer.
