PAMPELUNA, M.‘Retl 26.

Ott the 18th we felt litre the shock of an earth-
quake, which was a great deal stronger at Corella,. •
Cientruonign, and other places adjoining. Near
Arnedillo several masses of cork 'weie thrown down
by the violence of the commotim; and the mineral
baths were covered with rubbish. It is said that
there was an eruption of a volcano in the mountain
called Sierra de Cameros. On the 22d, at a tsar.
ter past eleven o'clock at night, th.'re was a -.'cony
shock, more violent than the first : the inhabitant's
of Corella abandoncd their houses, and fear.d t 3
re-enter the town.

VIENNA, MARCH 21.
The Supreme Aulic Council cf War has hid a
number of sittings relative to the reduction of our
military establishment. The necessities of the Mira.
ster of Finance are undustood to be nuperative oa
this point.

The Funds have risen five per cent. since Mr. Siv:.
WRIGHT contracted for the present Lonely, apki it is
the general opinion they will still be much hig!:er
this is a great advantage in favour of those who ad:
I venture, for all the Stock Prizes tieing bargained let
at the low price cf 681. th! purchasers willtaxe all
the benefit of the advance, even if it should be twenty,
per cent. This is probably one reason why s'tere is
now treble the demand fcr Tickets Ind Sherri that
has occurred for many Lotteries pea ; but theta are
'other causes which must Hive their influence with
people of discernment :..a First, the v.ery small num-
ber of Blanks (there .being Two Prizes to One, with
Two of 820,000 faioNtv, and TwO of £20,(00
Stock), add lastly, because VTielteitteompratii'ely
near £lO cheaper than.pival, for th'i Cost is sinets,
al•hough the Value is not-!y 45 ittore. • •• •
•

()BT. a BILL for sg3Bo, drawn nn Jon,: Horn
.11 sus. Evti Liverpool. by the Wrafortl Bank. w *ivy day*
front the 2t.oh of February. in favnor of Wm IiARTI.T,
eruchdly indorsed to Mr. it•)szal- 2A ri rIT and by hint to
Mr. C. ALLAI T. and accepted at bermtt I yes no, N'i, 1.;.q. god
to. payment of whirl% is stopped. FIV b. GUI tik:At, R SR to,
*lll be given to any ;tenon Winging it to No. X', •Spring Garden.
Claaring•Croay.

THE EVENING STAR.

lON DON.

1111/RSDAY, APRIL 10, IRI7.
PKICT: OF t.. 11 WK-; 11415 DAY A 1" I'll FINE O'CLOCK r
montr. 71-110. for May, 723 t
4 per C. 1.9.11.---.3 per Ceoir. Navy, VII 92
it ....Lg.:A 7 i t±-I.srliequer Ulla 15.. It4a. prrm.

India Sun 1.6 prem.
°wit* so the approach at April Account. the Bulls commenced
yesterday to realote rkeir pmfite, and .his morning continued their
operatiora he 3 prr Cent. Gals. were done this morning at 711,
rose LI, to 7:1, and at twelve o'clock 72); and (Sr May Ae.
eo.nt 711;;.

We have this day given a very ample detail of the
Ttial and Conviction of noMat Baird and illexameler
Maelartn, at Edinburgh, on Saturday last, for Sedi-
tion. It is impossible to reprobate too strongly the
amuse than intemperate language employed by these
men, and Inc which they have been sentenced to six
months imprisonment. The LORD Any CATS re.
enatked, that the language used by these sneri was
stronger and more inflammatory than that made use
of. by Palmer, in 1793, and for which he suffered
ttansps.rtation for fourteen years. We wculd not
thc..ce infer that the present transgressors ought to
have recAved a similsr judgment: on the contrary,
we are decidedly of opini,n that the Court has acted
a moss judicious part in infEcting only such a punish-
ment as may answer the end r• ally intended, n.titsrly,
to -warn others of the consequences of climes calcu-
lated to endanger public tranquillity. When Palmer

was convicted-wewere threatened from without by

an inveterate and a dangerous enemy: at present se
• have no foreign enemy, and it is only nest ssary to
strew intemperate men that the arm of the' Magistrate
is Able to protect the subjects and to punish the
vi lators of law.
We observe with pleasure that the right of the sub-
j..ct to reLition the Throne, and both Houses of Par_
Lament, was folly recognised by the Public Prose.
cntor and by the Court : not that we would, had they
been silent on this point, have inferred their dislike
to the .I.ictiine r but, because when on an occasion
like the present, a sentence is promulgated, it is highly
pro,wt that the common people should be prevented
from the possibility of idestiiying the exercise of a
privilege with the commission of a real crime.

CHINESE EbtbASSY.

We may now soon expect to be put irt possession
of all the leading official details respecting the Em.
bassi to China. In the mean time our Readers will
We gratified by -having some particulars laid before
them which come directly from a Gentleman at Can.
tun, who had every opportunity of learning every
thing that was known at the date of his letter. The
subjoined letter confirms what we formerly stated—
that not s small portion of intrigne had been cm-
. Flores' to defeat the object of the Embassy.. Whether
the hintieter who repined that she Embassy were'
tr=ey to perform the usual prostraters, did so to
embarrass she members, and render their approach,
oriole difficult, or whether lie had presumed, (Me the,
prifirrness of Lord Arausturr, that he erwahi soeceed
in inducing his Compliance, is not certain ; bet it is
trot doubted that the story of the Ambissador being
sick. re pretendieg to he it, was contrived by him
to sailt time. that he might contrive haw to get him-
self out of the serape. Jo tbis it would appear he
tided; fur though the lie led to the disnsioral of the
Embassy without seeing the EMPEItOtt, it led to the,
diegrace and punishment of several of the great
Chinese (Metes. •

ESL TRAM OT A !MATZ Lgrriu Filo,' A OCNTLXI4,O4
IN CANTON, TO A INIIIND la 10)NDJE „, DATED lO-
v mina 18, 1816.

86 As you will probably hear of another littlefreetu
with the Chinese, I must tell you what I know of it
io as few •words as possible.
vs Cepssia. !Lawn% of the Accent, after land-
ing the Embassy and visiting several ports on The
coot of China, and some islands to the eastward of
(the Laoo Keoo Isles), returned a short time ago.
H.tving expressed a desire to he allowed to wale up
to Wltamptin to receive the Ambassador, as the bort
had don, iur Lord blAcAltres ..e perlooll, lit the charsc_
ter of a blandarin, accompanied by a linguist, went tra
board the A LCUTZ two different times, and told Capt.
fdaxwett., that Who did not hear by a certain day from
the Viceroy, he might consider h_ had pertuisbion to
go up to Whatopuo. AloottAst the visit was cei.
Vilely not official, and' the individuals, very possibly,
merely belonged to some I,f the Chinese w.tr kinks, JI
which were anchored about the trigate, Captain MAX
vies.t. was led into a befit!' that he really had obtaieed
rfaeisshoito enter the River, and therefore got ender
• weigh, ineentfing first to proceed to Choeopes. Olt
strieieg these. however, he Was fired at by the fort
mild low Oaks, first with blank, and then with ball
confides. He returned the coespliusesst with the
heeler. Snag only one shot over the Chinese Admi-
re. ice,osei sow determined to go at once into the
riyer. 'toddies:sod sedress for this breach of friend-
Alfa Ilietaeris tile two commies. On apploaching the
'lB • -
forte at the *O4 Tigrislwhi4 have o: fate been
moth esiturd and reach dose to the svater's edge,

r•

they also began to salute hint. from both skies, so.
eery warmly, that after furbeasidg longer (his officers
say) than most men' would have done, be poured a
broadside into one of. them within pistol shot; which
must, though it was night, have done considerable
damage, the fort bring so completely illuminated
with lanterns as to Aiwa a goad mark. A dead si-
lence now succeeded in the lost, although belore no-
thing was heard but shouts and gongs, and all the
lights were extinguished. The; fort on the opposite
side also ceoed firing until the frigate had gin out c)!
' its reach, within the Botire, when it fired a few more
guns, quite in the Chinese style ; that is, when they
could Jo no mischief. All the damage received by
the Atozste was tat, shots in her bows and on its
the Main-mast. Captain Maxwat.t. proceeded to the
second bar, and from thence arrived yesterday in
Canton.

" I have not heard any thing certain of the nego•
Aiations here. b;,t am told that an official notice is
out (in the city) intimating that the frigate had re-
ceived leave to come to Whampon to repair; but
this, I suspect, is only a device of the government
to save its credit with the people. for having sacred
the passage of the river to be forced by st man of war,
contrary to the notoriously established rule of the

country.
" The noire fort must have receivetkonsiderable
ehemage, and some people. the Chinese allow. have
been wounded. At present. however. there is no ap-
peArance of any serious complaint on the part of the
Chinese Government. tbosAh suclr a calm is with
them generally the precursor of a fresh breeze ; and

I shall be rather mistaken if we do not hear more of
this affair.. I have, at the same time, every reason
to think that the Chieese, contiary to their usual
caution, have committed thnnseives iu the business
and if that CIA realiy prove the case, nothing seri-
ous will take place. InJeed it is quite certain that
the forts fired at the frigate before she got to Chuen.
pee •rr coined the river, which is a direct breach of
usage and hospitality. The latter weighs with them
little, but the lot mer-is every thing.
" The Embassy, it would appear, has been very
scurvilytreated. The Mandarins, it seems, did not
tell the. ENWEILOR at first, that the Ambassador wouhl
not knock head,' but that be waspnerell. The Em.
remit found this out after Lord Antaatwr had lett
Pekin, and the consequence was, that five Mandarins
were thrown into disgrace. The Euranon, it is pro-
bable, might have been pleased to dispense with the'
Custom of the empire, in favour of a people who. had
come so far to see him. But the Embassy hae:t.g
through this vile intrigue of the Mandarins, taken its
final departure, from Pekin. the Ebtrit&Oit was obliged,

to keep up the eemblsoco of resentment against it,
policy that has originated the Edict, a copy of which
I now enclose you, and which is, perhaps, as 'tribes
a specimen of arrogance and low pride, as you hive
ever seen. '

Ga The Eurasian is, without doubt, very ill dis-
posed towards bs ; more, however, in consequence
of the ships (which landed the Ambassador and suite)
being sent away from Tien-sing, than on account of
the rehual of prostration. lam quite clear that he
meant to have sent the Embassy back in the ships,
instead of allowing them to proceed by land, the
naked and miserable state of which he had no desire

to expose to the view of strangers. It would really
surprise you to bear tte shifts the Government. are
making. to give an improving al-peal-apes to the
borders of the rivers AS the Embassy passes down."
The following is the !imperial Edict referred to In
the foregoing :
" IMPERIAL DECREE,
Dated the fifteenth day of the Betroth Moen of the Twenty-Art&
Year (6th September. 1016), of KimiCfng. addressed to the
Viceroy Kiang. and** Fuyaen Jung of Cameo. sad rscsired

the Fifth of the Eighth Moon (25th September):

"'IL. English Ambassadors, upon their arrival this lime it
Tien-sing, have not observed the laws of politeness, is return
fur the invitation •of the Emperor. Reaching Tang-chow (four
leagues from Coen) they gave assume* et readiasse to perform
the prostration andpnelkedens required by the laws 'Lind
manners (of the country). Arrived at the Imperial esinarr
home (half a league from Cone), and ee hen We wars ern lbs
point of repairing to the Hall (to realm tin Zralwesq), the Ern,
as well m the second Ardearador, under preesacs of ilk kaki%
would not appear. We, he toneaquence, passed a tisate, that
they shoq?! ordered to depart. Reflecting, bencever, that
though the said .A—lnka=rii were blameitWiljtoi
the laws of pellteness, their Sovereign, who from in kamente
distaste, and ever various seas, had sent, to oiler us proems,
and to pretest, wkb respect, * letters,indicatleg a with to
chew us dee eamideration and .obsdience, bad sot deserved. Se.,
tempo seehhaing also /phut our masim, of encourage:menete
oar inferiors: la COSSITHOOO, from among dee presses ef the
*aid Illusg, we chess the spent trilling and invignificant (which
are) fest chaos, two portraits, and ninety-lee eugra tangs; and.
in order to iratify lune, have accepted them. We, in retire
give as a frwaini to the said King, a Yo-Ye4 • string of rare
mono, two tarp purees and toer small eons; and we ordered
'he Ambassadors to nobs these gilt., and is return so their
country (we baying ea snood) in observes,. of the nuelisc.(el
Contuclus),,• Give much, receive lirtle.
" Whet; the Asubinsarlors received the said gifts, they became
:eroding glad, and evinced their repentance. They have ell.
ready quitted l'ang-ehose. Upon their arrival at Canton, yew
Kiang and long, will:tyke them to a dintwrr, in eempliance with
Coed manners, and will say to thews as (Odom:
• Tour good (meat km been small : you' arrived at the pas
of the Imperial hone, and were salable to Hit year eyes to the
Goof HOMO (the Emperor). The great Emperor refkoed
thin per King sighed after happiness (China I! I) and acted with
sieserfry; he tisinforeseerpted some presents, sad gifted your
lang with miriesepredens ode's. You mew return tbgslg te
'• the rapimor Ire Zia herwits, and return with speed to rift
a pepinge be wrote( tin table, the gene noshes a prefelailik•
diemies, eimeeesilipeeetieeles, *turasg to the rank of *sheltie
• 't ledlilllsof homier (a log carved scour) gremmed snaky
eat fete,woldeft Minder* and Wage Anshamedtree

.sougm. got year Ikea,/ kg ropeettal g tJs to gm •
mio et thigt.... 74e are to,emillark t 6 r rest of the paints
with safety, that they amity ookbe l it or destroyed: •
" After dds lecture, should the Ambassadors sup,reate you
to reedy. the-remainder of the prevents, answer—' In ose•word,
a decree bas passed 1 we dare or, therefore, pretest troublesome
petitioes,' and with this &dem you will rid pow-tithes of the
Embassy. Itekpact

We received last eight the Paris rapers of Sunday,
sad this morning a Mogilev. of Monday, none cf the
other Papers having appeared on that day on account
of its being Enter Monday. General MAMMA died
at Paris on the 4th instant. Some E.:tracts from these
Papers will be found in a prece.fing column.
The French Stocks left off on Saturlay at 64 fr. 5 e.
'liar fallowing Private Letter contains particulars
of his Majesty's health:

" PARIS. MARCH %I.

" The King's ►ealth causes much anxiety to those who are
attached to him. They cannot conceal from themselves how
many fears his present condition ought to ii.spire, and that bib
life may be destroyed by accidents, which his sate cal not fail
sooner or later to occasion. The truth is, that his Majesty, who
has bAm improperly cured of a running sure in his leg, winch no
remedy has been able to renew, tamd which has oat been 808
cleanly replaced by a stoats in his arm, experiences a degree of
weakness through the whole of the inferior part of his body that
does not allow him to stand up, and edit less to walk. He Is =t-
ried front his bed to an arts-their going on wheels, which he does
not leave. He is wheeled from his chamber to the drawing.
room, whenever he thinks proper, and brought back in the same
'manner. He receives his Mistiness. Foreign Ambassalors, and
all bit Courtiers, seated. When the Council and Audience are
over, he is rolled bock to his chamber in his artn4halr. For the
last three months, his Majesty his not left his apartments, even
to take his usual walks. He has constantly heard Mass without
going to the Chapel. In this condition, though his stomach and
his had perform their operations, a general dropsy is to be ap-
prehended, which may be havered by want of exerdse, and the
great appetite of the King. which be cannot cnntrnul. 'the Phy.
siclase have no hope of resturirg to his legs the energy and Agit.
vlty which they seem to have irrevocably lost, thOugh they es•
press a contrary opinion ist public. such is the real state of his
Majesty's lasaltb."

The Pantos Reossyr returns from Brighton the
beginning of next week, as a Levee is appointed to
be held on Thorsday nest.
Lord CASTLINEAOU had a relapse of his indisposi-
tion yesterday morning. His physician was tent for
express to his Lordship's seat, at Cray, in li:tat.
The Earl of STAUFO2I), we regret 10 learn, is much
indiposed, At his seat, Duoham Massey, Cheshire.
Tuesday aftrrnoen, between tout and five o'clock,
a gentleman Arrived in Downing-street, in a chaise
anti four, with diSpatehes from Constantinople.
Yesterday his Majesty's yacht Royal Sovereign,
Captain Sir E. W C. R. Owes. K C.B. arrived in
Dimes Routs, for the purpose of taking over to Ca-
lais the Duke and Duchess of ORLNAN3 and suite.

This morningvsnoo after ten o'clock, the Earl of
Mann, eldest soh of the Duke of /Utmost), was
married to Lady Canon:vs PAVET, eldest daughter
of the Marquis of ANGLERA. The ceremony was
rforused at St. James's Church, in the presence of
a numb* .of noble and distinguished Personages,
lire
relatives •f the two fansilies. Alt immense crowd
was collected outside of die Chirtch to Isenotd and
welcome with their plaudit'. the happy couple, just"
entering on their homy-moon. The Bride-maids were
Lady JANI LiNNOZ
.anJ LADY JAND PAORT. Lord
Colic* Limnos arrived in lowa on Tuesday, in or-
der to be present at the marriage. -
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East India House, when the thanks of the Court were
voted unanimously to Tunmas RED and Joint Bean,
Edirs- Chairman and Deputy Chairman, for their
seal and attention to the Company's interest during
Me last year.
Yesterday; a Ballot was held at the East India
House, for the Election of six Directors, in the room of
Richard Chicbeley Plosvden Juin lisidleston, George Aber-
eremite Robinson, William Sri:silty Clarke, John TbornWll, and
George Stalks% &qrs. who go not by rotadon.
At sit o'clock the glasses were closed, and &live-
'fed to the Scrutineers, who reported the Election to
have fallen on
Charles Grant, William Astell, Gems, Strkb, Sweny Toone,
Campbell Adarjolbenks, &qrs. and Sir Joins Jackson, Bart.
- . The following Commanders took their final leave
or the Court previous to departing for their respec-
tive destinations, viz. •

Captain It. ALSIIOIII, of t►e Thomas Grenville; and W.
You '4 on vas& a EP, of time Lord Caitiereagh—for Banal dir ct.
'rue thspatchings at the ludo* House, of the next
*fleets for Madras and Bengal, is postponed from
Thursday to the 17th and ffuth instant.
Viscount bluvrami, and the Board of Admiralty,
finished their inspection of the Dock-yard at Pater,
near Milford, on Monday last ; and the following
..(tp morning set off for Plymouth, to examine the arsenal
and Breakwater there.
A Treasury Warrant has, .we understand, been
issued to persoos holding official utuations under
Gunn's:not of A thousand a year and upwards, le-
loasoodieg-totboaa toaelinquish, or to subscribe, a,
tenth of their salaries for the use of the State, in con-
sideration of the public distresses ; and holding forth
the example of the Lords of the Treasury themselves,
who, it arrears, have thus given up for the• present,
or'for a limited time, a tenth.of the stipend attached
to their situation.

The son of .GuirrAvva, who was set aside to make
riscm for BEANADOTtit. .t living at the Court of
Wurtemberg, • the K'ng being his villain : he is an
,accomplished young man,-about twenty. educated in
the Protestant religion- He it, besides, nephew w
'the Emperor ALUANDIIII.
Monday morning, an alarming- fire broke out in
the drying-loft of the ektensite pAiscrinanutactory of
Mr. Pine, at Tovil, in Kent, -winch for some time
threatened-the destruction of the tbill and
house I but by-the eserti ins of the firemen and the.
providential shifting of the wind. the fire was confined
to the drying-loft and some other inferior outbuild-
lugs, which were almost entirely destroyed.
• flitree persons who have seen the warier, of forms
in which the Scheme of the present Lottery has been
put forth by the different Offici-keepos. and rho
may gni be Neailf to somortionel it, are respigtlolly in-
;llrited by G. Wank to peruse, at either his ()theca.
COI Ain,. or 17, Ludgate-street, *fair Awned oi
.it, wherein be has sodssocorai to eSploin the tonitG:
,eoltd manner ip Wbklh it it to be drown (in classes,
,and one 4.otsee dependant MA tLe !ober) as well as
-the • • Mak os " T even ere to Unr 1)1.ah.6

rug ARM?:

Monday the 88th Regiment lindeast tea, a
are to relieve in the Cutle the 99d Regiment;
Ist division of which marched on TueW.iy

on its routs It r briAnd.

M:4l )R ROYCP..
G. S 0; Atilt S. 11P4.1:
General Lord liA TN° :0 N has great pleasure its risouthi„4,
:alitig to the Resin...ll.s of Lite e ttn4l resbh of tf,
Lours r f Inquiry, ors the conflict .4 %f et of
the 4d R.gooteht ; ti r A.etithvt. i't which
have give' it WO i brit trp.uicn, that Irons the ev ~erets usis;,l6:,
there are we roods for a Court-MartsAi.--60.1w:Ima-Abir a ter.
minaiion of A b which c;rcionistatte2. have rrodere..;ecti,
harly tedums, eatinut tail to rts!ortt Major 'levee .viLl et, tit to
the dudes of big Reyiutent, and to the full e..ti*os of hi. le I'4
Officers. (ivied) If r. al i.TU General, 6“...

N.l VAL INTELLIGENCE,.

FALMOUTH. APRIL 7.

Arrived the 4., say M 4r. Peliiam packet,.
_London ; Neptunus, Mortritsos, from Long
and his Maje,t)'s ship Pri3str, from a cruise.
the Fortituds, Si.umats. for Gibraltar.—W'
PLYMOU Eli. APRIL a.
Sailed the Enchantress, HATES, for Leigl
PORTSMOUTH. APRIL 9.
Sailed his Majesty's ships l'eucAn, Baal
Snattawarna, for the Writ Indies. The
transport, which arrived yesterday from the
spoke the 19th of March, in Lit. Yl. '
W. the Sir Thomas Graham, &mean:, trial
,Igow for Jamaica, out 59 days, all well.—W'
DEAL, APRIL 9.
Came down from the River .41,d sailed,
setshire and Royal George. for China; Lal
the Isle of France ; Inspector, for the Soul
Planter, for Detnarara ; Achilles, for Bat
and Herald, for the Isle of France, the
mains. Arrived the ALEUT sloop of war,
cruise. Sailed the Royal Sovereign yacht,
err Roads.—Wind N.E.

DOVER, APRIL, 9.
. Sailed this day the the bird Duiican plc
Lain "HAMILTON, with a !dad and passvn
Calais ; and the Princess Cl►s►lco±tc packet,
HALL4NDs, with [lie Flemish Mail and passenl
for Ostend. Arrived the King George,
MERCEIZ, from Calais, with passengers.
HARWICH, 9.
Sailed the Venus, Cattiar.ns. Good States,
Kos transports, ler C .14is ; and Benevolent
for Ostend, all with troops.

SI'OR7'ING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET CRAVEN MEETING,
wi.pvtoDAV, APRIL 10.
Swetpstakes of 1(' s. each, for e.yr.old cult, Ost.
f.o. lib. T.Y.C.
Dyke of Grafron's colt, by Eaton -
Mr. V4nslttart's cheviot colt, by Eaton
LOW Starkid% colt, by Thunderbolt
hix 'tatted-11.e Judge plactd but three.
Even betting en the Duke of Gra!too's colt
Sweepstakes of ItOgs. each, h. ft. colts, arr. 7111. Macs,
Mt. Udity's eok, The Sindent..by Dick Ail3rews
°MOW 43“illielles colt. ho Flykr, by Vandyke Junl
Mr. /La test% milt, by Hedley

.

,
fhtt POOSI slig • to Eon Vie Student.
fUty Poona for 2-yotolds, 7W.; S-yr.olds, fist. 71b.
Use-. I'.Y.C.
Mr. Ctoekford's black sob, by Walton, 2-yrrold
Colonel Witalley's browu 611 y. Bulrush, 1 yn
Lord Stawelli Owner filly, Lady Maribor, 2-yrs-old
Mr. Blake's brown colt Busto, 4-yrs old
Seven started— Ise Judge placed but two.
Ste asst Dulruslvs-3 to I ago I.a 'y Charlotte-2 to i
The Second Clan of the 0 islands Stakes of 50Es. each,
Duke of lit utlators Fandango, 4- yrs old, fiat. 41h.
Mr. Steplumson's Castrella, 4 ymald, an. I alb.
Lord Jamey's Cannon Ball, 6-pnrold, Mb.
Lord Foley Skipjaek, s:yrs-old, 7w. 1 Rib.
Seven stared—Two paid-1 he Judge placed bat four.
7to Sago Fandanga-3 to I asst Castrate-5 to 2 apt Cannon Be:.

SHERIDAN'S excellent Comedy of The Rivals teas
perforated' last night, at Drury-lane Theatre, with
great effect; The new Melo-Drama ant Innieeper't
Daughter I.llowed, and was received in a most flat-
tering nalner.
The stoternent which has appeared in same Paper.,
that the Committee of Drury-lane Theatre demat,dA
a rent of ,C 16,000 per annum, besides taxes, &c.
the pure.ase of the wardrobe, has been contradiced..
The Committee, on the contrary, do not propose aiw
terms. but expect the bitidilts to be made by wale.'
tenders, upon a clear annuti rent for a term of year:,
exclusive of the wardrobe.

Mr. KEAN commenced an engagement of seven
nights, at the Edinburgh Theatre, on Monday, b t•
charactek of Sir Edward Mortimer, in COLKIAN'S pl,:y
Of The Iron Chest.
DISTURSANCT AT THE GLASGOW THEATRE...4;MS! lat•bz
the last tight of Mr. Kine's engagement at Glasgow, a trelne—
does smell took place at the netting of the various doors tf the
Theatre; in which many had 'heir clothe-. torn, and others:her
pockets_ pk•ed. The Play was that of or Pa
Si. Alelarand, which was performed "or Mr. Kcaar's
and was received with unanimous plaudits, tll the evd.ile of c
third act, when /reverse desires :he stra.seer (Bertram ' to be fu-
tradtsce4 into her presence. CA,:alr accordingly *rot oil ter
Bertr.ua, but no Bertcant •7•111 to be iourl, rod ise.inot (per'
formed by Mrs. Coosa) was obligel to re:9re front the st.gc.
At last Mr. Ker. N made 1 is amear..ece, but was received set it
cued tbuibe told disapprobation by toe AlltitirtiCe, and an artgrgl
caned for. Air. KRAN. wet:. an .rteeis ible turn or Lame,
looked to tho audience- moved hi% lips in silccce—his cote-
tenance• and manner spoke more than a thousand at'. logics.
he Was forgiven, and It, St With lovit tokfe, of -1,-pr• hadotl.
flue audience conceived chat the tuu•th act had been
1 and iitutiedia•4y groans, Limits enrolls, &c. Pte. re ee',.ied
from only ip:arter of the Noss's. In cart tie bf.'i vet V.
serve-; ad tii be butte Ito": g's—the Perforiiiere were at ;vs
obliged t.l t. tier. Lout: and reit( ar.4l c.Jts of"
hlanager"—" Fourth rspeated"--'• Apol,gy"—'• Ott',.-1"
—were heard from every part• At last Mr. Johnston cua,e.
" What are yutir commaties, Gel:denten : i•a ti called 1
why; tell me them, that they may ba attlided to r i'outti`
act over slain! • from retry mouth. Mi. Johnston said, that
were the Play to be pereurrre.l the wry it was originally written,
it woad be (*.mimed I Nome meg rri lisd that it was damned eve
as It Juaustoo had at length to leave the stage. Tim
fifth let proceeded, but it was no better thee pantornints—con -
plete dumb show, nothing coign he beard for the fusses, emir*
and inarks'of disapprobation iii every kind. In this unwed. the
Play was concluded—in a manner very unusual indeed to a
Glasgow •Ileatre, to hear such uproar, and nothing can y.ive a
hitter idea of the 1111ille than she O. I'. 110t4 at London IturitS
the noise and upoiar, Mr. Keen tame forward ors the race ami
motioned to be heard; and Wrote at last obtained, he, wi
look of ineffable slosalain, turned tip his countenance to *bee
leeks and addree•ed " What is
.fsar piewuret
Goidotoot r As these Gentlemen bad been 'lte beg.uutrs of the
uproot. and as eta way its witutit Mr. Maitre riiffOtted this ed:
dress WASS, 4actsuk, k had Ott natautata•ous effect on those a
,the /ewer Miser, sod tbry imniedtatety °eryl tey ou.tfiu Its
'criaand inliabaants in their turn with their shouts of Spit aV'.


Leith, and
!spent ; tbe
ntoriubg,
S.• 110,1:
Its ronaalt„,f.,
rev& of ere
,• %rre. of
ott•
s'ooect,
nanbae a tors •
nder":!;ral,
• er- tit to
if hi. 11,1'4
mete, &c..
from
nngs,,un4 ;
tr. S
Jihd
gh.
LVen, and
Ad.intant
the Cap
king.
'urn Mts.
lind N L.
tte
ayton, It.r
iuth Seas;
,asbadoes;
latter re.
I, front a
t, for D -
cket, Cap.
ni.ers, ire
, Captain
:acsengen.„
, C4ptaia
'srnao, and
transp-Irt
lei 7.
I. awl. 7:l'es,
- a
t
es, est. 4!!..
1
'untor I
3
;
. t
Ild
1 apt Cuero.
• h.ft. P.!.
4
se four.
Cartoon Bs .
rivals WAS
acre, with
Innieeper't
most ti.st-
Ile Paper.,
dem-aro:lA
a, Ecc. ani
rtradicred..
~puce .
by seal..A
is of year:,
cif seven
lay, in t'
lAN'S pl.:I
P bet a
r, a tree.. -
doori t f the
I others :ber
• Benn
n.d.lte of t!
PA • tO be
cram oat far
ix.jeae ;ref'
at the tt..ge.
:eer_l
aa:n
of
d
1,
re Ve.)ed
I r... 1 4
Wtre la't
Otto..i"
anon coa,e.
tally w»ttt•l',
stow. Tls
noturrt vie
indeed to a
It can Fire a
!on thairi
the rage and
I. he. vrl b a
e to thee-
.ar ',Sooty*.
;,uurrs of the
used this 'd-
un those a
!°4l:sjivoe.'j Ite
opp

EDINBVItGIit, 'APRIL S.

HIGH COURT OF JUSTICIARY.
This morning the Court proceided to the trial of
'soder Madam, weaver, in Kilmarnock, and Tho-
ra Baird, merchant, there, accused of the crime of
petition. B,i great an interest did this trial create,
thatwt an early hour the avenues to the Court were
,r,irded ; none, however, It first were admitted into
tee body of the Court, eXCLI)! members of the faculty
of Advoeat-s in their gowns, end the Gentlemen of the
youg Jury. The gag-Ty was ,o rued for strangers.
Tne prisimers, who were atlaig.: on bail, having
p!aced themselves at the hat, the indictment was read
°er to them by the clerk. Ii charged fvlaclaren with
eTerrieg seditious aiel intl mate, y seeeCl:S:trl public
trixt,nif,ii at De: !;purl, in ti.et vicinity of Kiltraar•
wjek, on the ith December last,c.lcul ited to bring into
contempt the Government and Legislature, and to
rah& ivy therefrom the confidence and affections of
tt,u people; and Maclaren and Baird of afterwards
printing and publishing a p rmphlet containing these
:editions and ieflamrnateny remarks and assertions.
The obnozhars yfassages were quoted at length in the
indictment. The most object iunable passage was the
foowieg, said to have been delivered in a speech by
tuclaren That our sufferings are insupportable
k demonstrated to the weild ; and that they arc nci.
eler temporary, nor occasioned by a transition from
'en to peace, is palpable to all, though have not
tke cottage to avow k. The fact-is, we are roles' by
mat wily solicitous for their own aggrandizement ;
and they Cate 110 farther for the great body of the
people, th in they are subservient to their accursed par-
lous If you are convinced of this, any countrymen,
I would thersfore put the qeestiou, Are you degenerate
enough to bear it ?Shall we, whose forefathers set limits
to the all.graspng power of Rome shall we, whose
forefather, on the never-to-be forgotten field of B in-
nosihuni told the mighty Edward,' Hitherto shalt
th.iu cane and no farther;' shall we, I say, whose
toielatl ers dried the efforts of foreign tyranny to en.
slave our beloved country, meanly permit in our day,
without a murmur, a base oligarchy to feed their
filthy vermin on our vitals, and rule its as they will ?
No, my countrymen ! Let us lay our Petitions at the
foot of the throne, where sits our august Prince,
whose gracious nature will incline his ear to listen to
the cries of his people, which he is hound to do by
the hers of the country. But, should he be so infa-
tuated as to turn a deaf ear to their just Petition. he
hr: forfeited their allegiance. Yu, toy fellow-loworwar,
tuc4 a cate,.ro hell with our allegiance
The Pamphlet containing the statement of the pro-
ceedings presented also the following, among rather
iufinumatory expressions : That the House. of
COMM, is corrupted—is decayed and worn otit—
is not really whet it is called—is cot a House of
Commons."—" The House of Commons, in its ori-
gin' composition, consisted only of Commoners, cho-
se!' annually by the universal suffrage of tile. people.
Nu Noblemen, no Clergymen, no Naval or Military
Officer—in short, none who held places or received
rysims from Government, had any tight to. sit in
Ll:at House. This is what the House of Commons
was, what it ought to be, and what we wish it to be;
this is the wanted change in our form of Govern-
ineat—the Comma's, House of Parliament restored
to is criginal purity; and ibis, ,beyend s doubt,
wield strike at the root of the greatest part of the
evils which we groan under at the present day."—
* Is it any wonder, my friends, that this comfy is
brow ,ht cobs present unprecedented state of, misery,
wheu the rights of :he people have been thus want:mly
violated ?" as But. let us come nearer home. L aok
at year 1793, when the debt amounted to two
hundred and eleven millions, and the annual taxation
to about eighteen millions 1 when liberty began to
rear her drooping head in the country ; wl:en asso•
ciations were framed from one er.d of the kingdom to
another, composed of nlen e mi nen ifor their talents and
virtue, in assert their right; when a neighbouring na-
tion had just thrown off a yoke which was become into-
lerable—what did the wise rulers of this country Jo ?,
Why,they declared war not only against the French na-1
tiny, but also against the friends of lOWA ty at home."
Our oppressors have taxed the very light of
HUTU ; and they seem surprised and indignant
that we should not bear the insupportable burden,
with which folly, corruption, and avarice. have loaded
us, without reluctance and complaint."—•4 Their
reverend hirelings would convince you that you are
suffering under the visitation of the ALMIGHTY. and
therefore ought to be submissive under the chastening
stroke." We have these twentg-five years been
coedemned to incessant and unparalleled slavery, by
an maePed oligarchy. who pretend to be our guar-
dians and represrntative% while. in fact, they are no-1
thing but our inflexible and determined enkmies.".....l
"They have robbed us of our money, deprived us of
our friends, violated onr rights, and abased our pri-
I'llegesP—" At present we have no reprisentatives;
they are only nominal, not real; active only, in pro.
ling
their own designs, and at the same tel.
ling us that they are agreeable to our wishes."
To this indictment the prisoners generally pleaded
NorGniky..
Mr. CAMPIIIILL, jonior Counsel for Nl' Laren, stated
that'he had no objections to ante to the relevancy of
the indictment, it remained entirely for the Jury to
decide, whether the crime of sedition was made out
from the statement in the indictment t The Counsel
for the Crown had in this case behaved with the ut-
most liberality, and he ( tvlr.•Campbell) would fairly
state the nature of the defence he meant to set up.—
!Hs client, so far from being a seditious person, bad
many years been a member of a volunteer regi-
?mu is Glasgow, and could produce evidence of his
character foe strict order and regularity. He did not
deny his having attended the meeting hi question,:
but driven as lw was by the general distress of the
t,"otry, and himself reduced to wages of ss. weekly.
neon co.iiinon with others. began to enquire into the
canoe of the general distress which prevailed. The
'fleeing in question was a regular meeting, openly
"eds andallowed by the Magistracy. Many of the
expressions contained in the indictment were not ac-
tually uttered at the meeting, although contained in
the manuscript as intended to have been uttered.—
The meeting was for a legitimate purpose, and the
Petitions in consequence were brought tip, and or-
dered to lie upon the tables of both Houses of Palls.
moot. The Learned Counsel then Argued. that it
was the undoubted right of- every subject of this
°metre to comment upon the conduct of Milligan
NW proceedings of the Legislature, and referred to

. . .
the *ides !Ind Petrtids. jinni the Thatched.
Tavern, as containing moth strdnger language _
any thing stated in the indictment, and concluded by
trusting that he should he ible tb convince the Jury
that the words made use of were perfectly justifiers's. '
Mr. Jervitay, AS Counsel, for the prisoner DAM,
a ddressea the Conic in warty simil it terms. His
client 114 d na wisa k liner the diictis.ion, bl.
any ohi:ction to the relevancy of the iodictmenr. He
was a person rather in the better rink of life, and had
also served his country iii a military capacity. He
did attend the meeting in question, and patroniaed it.
and such meeting, he contended, was held tnr A 100.
ernate purp.sse„ The manuscripts of the sperch?s
were IlAlided in to him by the different metros: they
were whited and published fa a small sum, to
fray the expense of the proceeding., and each mem
b:r of the Committee engaged to sell a few at their
side, ent shops.
The Lomv ADVINCATIC. while he acknowledged the
handsome and op'in way the Counsel on the other
side had stated their case, openly and distinctly ad-
mkted that it rested solely with the Jury to say, upon
their oaths, whether the facts charged amounted to
sedition or not.
Lood HERMAN% in giving his opinion upon the
relevancy, otoset vest, that this was not an attack upon
Milkers, but a direct attack upon the Parliament
now sitting. The speeches were of the most inflam-
matory nature, and the words—" To hell with our
aliegiA4zt," it Inlinwed- layattly- overt act, would have
undenteedly amounted to high treason.
Lards Citcale, Peranua.v. lteeroe, and Joartcs
CLERK being of the same opinion, and having deli-
vered their opinions at considerable length, the Court
prunouaced the usual interlocutor, finding the indict-
ment relevant, and remitting the case to the decision
of a Jury, both as to the hew and the tact.
'Vas tol:ewing Jury was Eisen chosen :
limes Wao on, of :augliton Arch. M.Kinillay, haberdasher,
John Dodd., twiner John &ma, confectioner
John I:St Male, farmer James Heviden, jeweller „
David Pringle, art negbie William Kennedy, glop! ~
Johu Sweat c, ui Bennie Win. Lindsalleorerchant
o,iu Caklrr, farmer Joh' Gowan, -merchant
John Kneen, fariurr Jasnesecnialdart, wine merchant.
William Marshall, jeweller
"Ille first witness for the prosecution, Andrew
Finnic, merchant, in Kilmarnock, had b :en present
at the Meeting, which consisted of about 4,000 per-
sons, chiefly of the lower order. The day was very
stormy, with much wind and rain, so that he heard
little more than the sound of the speeches; but there
WAS one passage in Maclaren's speech which struck
his attention so forcibly, he still retained it in his
memory. The words were, 44 We will I sy" or rr Let
us lay our Petition at the foot of the Throne, where
sits our august Prince, whose generous nature will
incline his ear to hear the cues ul his people, which
be is bound to do by the constitutional lawslif his
country ; and we are thereby boutid to give him our
alleeinnee: but if he should be- so infatuated as to
turn a deaf ear to the general sties (or voice) of his
people, to hell with allegiance." • Witness had seen
the pamphlet, and did not consider Maclaren'aspeech
to have been correctly printed in it. Expressions had
been omitted, and. others had been inserted w'uich
bad not been spoken. Witness knew that 'Baird hid
been of the Committee which had prepared the Re.
solutions for the public • Meeting. tie knew that
4 Baird had asked permission the Chief Magistrate
of Kilmarnock for assembling the Meeting. He
knew that Baird had, supefintended the printing of
the pamphlet. and had'solifseveral copies at his shop.'
Knew that Baird did not speak at the Meeting, and,
that he disapproved of printing the expressions in
Maclaren's speech relative to allegiance, which he
considered to be very bail:cent. At the meeting of
the Committee, the prisoner, Maclaren, and a Mr.
Johnston, objected to publishing at all. The:profita
ot the sale of the pamphlet were to delray.the
penses of the Meetina. There has been no public
Meeting since December. The Petitions were fore,
warded to both Houses of Pediment. There has'
been no riot or disturbance of the peace in Kilmar-
nock singe the public Meeting. Maclaren sail to the
Committee, that if there was any thing wrong in his
speech, to keep it. out altogether. Maclaren was
backwatdee open the Meeting ; but he was pa:lieu-
' lerly requested to do so. in the Committee, some days
before. The night before the Meeting he hes:tatedl
whetht4 be would do so or not. Maclaren told wit-
-suss, that the passage about' allegiance was a quota-
tioa from Shakespeare.
The next witness, W. blerric, a carpenter, had been
at the Meeting, and remembered to have heard Mac-
!area utter the words, Hell with such allegiance,"
or, 4• for such allegiance." Witness conceived the
tendency of all the speeches he heard to be nothing
more than to recommend the measrue of petitioning
Parliament.
Hugh Crawford, printer, proved that Baird had
attended in the Printing-office at least once, along
with others, for the purpose of superintending the
irinting of the pamphlet, of which about four hun-
dred copies had been thrown off. The printing had
not been paid for, and witness held Baird to be one
of the persons liable to hint for his bill. Murray,
an operative printer employed, corroborated this
evidence.
The nest witness, Johnstone, a muslin agent, had
been chairman of the public meeting. Had heard
Maclaren say, that the words "to bell allegiance"
were not in the MS. of the speech, but had come it
his head at the moment, being a quotation from. a,
Play. Witness mated, that the wages of weaving
had oven reduced from 14s. per week for work Ira
(Inking from 14 to 16 hours a day, to I.S. 6d. pee
week, for the same work, which had lately bees
raises to .51. 6J. The Meeting was solely held to
prtit:on.Parliainent and the Prince Regent. Wit•
ness has known, bil•Lsren for eight years. and never
saw any thing in him but quiet and orderly conduct.
He was a member of the rifle-corps at Kilmarnoek.,
He objected particularly to the printing ot bisseieeihe'
as it had been made up in a hurried manner, and be
had no intention that morning of speaking at all
So far as witness knows bins, be would not have been
a member of •joy society for illegal or seditious pur-
poses, other•lte witness would not have kept his
company. There was nothing secret discussed in
the meetings of the Committee—it was open to every
one. The Magistrates were apprised of the public
meeting. and uo ebstructioa was given, and the pe-
titions were forirarded to the Prince Regent and both
Houses of Parliament, and so fair a4i witness's .ane-
scary served high the Printed paper sheen ham now
41Npagains the subitalits.

. Mr. Gm* hat MA ae ettract front the Petition,
as in the printed Journal of the House of Commons,
An which the Petitioners complain of the corrupt re-
presentation, and that seats were bought and sold as
openly as tickets for the Opera. Witness declares
they are the words used, and the Petitkn was ordered
to lie:on the table of tie House of Commons.

Other three viitnea;es on the part
of the Crown.

On the part of the Prisoners a number of most re-
erectable' witnesses were also calk.!, whose evidence
went to prove that the meeting in celestial' was called
for a legititinate purpose, viz. that of t-,..,:it;otong the
Priuce Regent, ane both House. of Peril.' u:ent, I or R e.
form; thatdue intimation had been given to the Civil
MAgibzrate; that the Petitions were transmitted, read.
.and laid on the t shies of beth Hstuses ; that the speech
of Matlaren had not been fairly reported in the printed
pamphlet; that in fact he was avulse to its being
printed at all; that Baird was averse also to the
printing of the obnoxious passage, observing, that it,
wet indecent and indecorous—but he was outvoted
in the Committee ; and that the pamphlet was print
ed and sold solely with the view of dell-eying the
expenses of the meeting. Beth of the prisoners pro-
duced the clearest evidence of their forma good cha-
racter ; Baird, as being one of the most respectable
persons in Kilmarnock, formerly a Captain in the
Volunteer and Local Militia Regiments, and a Com-
missioner of Police there : Madmen, as having been
:e•geeicant in the Volunteer kid* Crisps, and et a
quiet and orderly behaviour ; and formerly, in all
'qwections upou.politics, taking the side of Govern-
' ment ; although bode prisoners were always friendly.
to Resorm in Parliament. by constitutional means.
Upon this evidence the LORD ADVOCATR charged
the Jury for the Crown in a speech of two hours and
half durst ion, in the course of which his Lerdship
observed, that nothing was farther from the intention
of elifeblejcsty's Government than to prevent the
ietsji•ct's undoubted right of petitioning; but it ought
to be distinctly kept in view, that the speeches deli-
vered at meetings- duly assembled, ought strictly to
apply to the business of the meeting, and not, by in-
flammatory and seditious 'trunks and assertions, de-
grade and bring into contempt the Government and
Legislature, and fill the kingdom with bloodshed.
tumult, and dissention. He mentioned the Case of
Fish Palmer, in 1793; and read the publication
which he issued, and for which he suffered the pu-
nishnatist of sedition, to thew that the language used
by the prisoners was muck stronger and more in-
tiemmatory.
Mr. CLERK addresiesl the Jury on the part of Mac-
lam. He expatiated at much length, and in a very
argumeetative manner, on the right of petitioning
Parliament as one the most valuable privileges of
the subject, and without which all his other tights
might be annihilated. It became necessary, when
grievances were to be complained of, to slate them
in plain language; end, although the grievance
might be imaginary, still the right to complain must
' not be encroached upon ; nor, consequently, the lan-
guage used in expressing the complaint. The object
of tee meeting having been proved to be exclusively
tleat of petitioning Parliament; the case of the priso-
ners comes to be entirely different from that of Pal-
mer, and the other cases 447.9* and. 1794.
Olieit in these instances was not to petition Parlia-
steer, but to connect•an.organised system of resist-
ance to Government. Mr. Clerk commented at great
ispgth, and with much ingenuity, upon the expres-
sions founded on in the indictment, in order to 'hew,
that, in reference to the object of petitioning PArlia-
went, they were not to be held to be seditious.—
There were read by Mr. Grant, as part of Mr.
Clerk's speech, passages from several Petitions to
Petletinent, to prove tart similar language was ad•
,"tted of in Petitions to PArliameat. Mr. Clerk's
speech occupied nearly two limns.
Mr. JkFlgitY addressed the Jury on the part of
Baird. He went over the facts as adduced in evi-
dence in reference to his client, from which, by mast
forcible and eloquent illustration. he endeavoured to,
make out that itaire's intentions had been entirely
free of all wicked or felonious views, in whioh the,
essence of sedition consisted. Mr. Jeffery also coin-
roented most ingeniously on the expressions founded
upon in aecusAtion, and interpreted them to be such
as, however vulgar or indecorous, were still not such,
used for the purposes proved, as a Jury could in con-,
science find to be seditious. The tight of petitioning.
he contend/IJ, was, since the glorious Revolution, the
inherent right of every Briton.—When assembled to
consider grievances, was it for a moment to be sup-
posed, that persons, such as assembled at this public
meeting. would express their ideas in such refined
terms as those in a different station of life, and with
a supesior education would do. The liberty 'of speeds
spots mach occasions was licensed, net only by the
Constitution, but by every law authority in England ;
in so far as expressions,' mush more indemmeten y
than those !me charged. were daily made upon the
hustings in the sputhero part of the kingdom, without
'hers-sons soleipreuing themselves being laid lioid
.by the pultliceerosecutor. The fact was, that the law ed
England mildly looked upon her children, wl.en ex-
pressing their grievances, and probably oversteeping
inc strict bounds of correctness of speech, in tee URIC
light as a physician looks upon a patient ia a slight
fever (*delirium, rather to be cured by emollient than
coercive medicines. If, then. the people of England
had the glorious right of stating their grievances with
all the phlegmatic characteristic of theoestion, was
the hot and stormy ficotchman, smarting, as he ima-
gined-himself, under suppdsed grievames, not mill-
tied to express himself, unless in terms se the strictest
.propriety and decorum, because an obsolete law had
made that sedition Which was perfectly consistent
with a tree nation. Week must that Government be;
which was under the necessity of catching at the un-
guarded expressions of a few obscure individual-.
Ihe right of petitioning, the Learned Counsel ob-
served, for annual Parliaments and universal suffrage,
were legitimate and constitutional objects of pursuit ;
they were principles recognized in the theory of our
Constitution ; and although the Jury might be of a
different opinion, yet, (son forbid that any man
should be punished for differing from them in opi-
nion, while-what he had in view was a fair and le-
gitimate object of pursuit. • He observed, that the
cases of 1703 and 1794 ought to be no precedent at
die present day. He explained, in glowing language,
.the perilous state of the country NI those eventful
times. Mina theft judged in a trembling state of'
alarm; the village trineaction of Kilmarnock in

' feneeable times, and followed by no consequenee•,
'was a mato of a eery diff-rent complexion. The
eye.' ni the country were derected,upon tliii first tri4l
fur sedition in the present times. and it would be i 0
glory te: the Jury- to lend themselves in aid of what
he must consider to be over-7.g in the °dicers of the
Crown. Tuis teas a e ese of all.ptheis fit fur the con
side:La:ion of a Jusy. The'lriil by Jerry was pas text'.
larly precious 'when th- ;I:oldie 41 rights of initviSurls
,were at valte.—Mr. JclFrey spoke three hours.
At elrven o'clock at night the Low Juince
at:lte: pruccedeJ to sneu up the evidenre. as Lord.
ship b:g.an by readia.r. from Mr. hurne's celceir.ded
book en '.:e Crinlinal Law of sco laud Ole nature of
the crime of seßion. and which he kit to the Jury
wi..Lou: c.inerrTa His Lordship au went over the
ditrzrcut pusAigricitinteei its the lodize...l:cm, .I.id is ii;c:),
he observed. he and his brethren on the b nd, ( Lords
Gillies, Hernutn.l, Pineal'', and It.ston).wore cdear! y
01. *anon were, by the law of Scotland, of a stilt-
tioni nature. His Lordship thin went at consider*.
tie length into the evidence, as proving the crime
to the prisoner; ; chiming, that it the Jary
were satiilicil With such evidence, thi were baw:d
by their oaths t.) 6,1 d them guilty ; hot li, held It :rico
to be his indispens 'hie duty to state, that • the lair
character of both the prisoners completely est ald;rhed,
particularly in reference to their p.ilitic el cenedoct on
other occasions, ought to have much weielit on the
minds of the Jury in estienae;ng their beenriger ; fur.
unless those had been wicked iin.ifbee:o, At 11 tie:64
:in the indictment, the caw was hot in.re nut by the
prosecuted.. The Lord .lititice Cletk's addre.s was
concluded about halt.past twelve at night.
At one o'clock on Sunday morning, the Jury (hav-
ing expressed a wish to retire) were encloseil, and
1 directed to return a verdict in writing on Mond,7
morning, at ten o'clock.

• MONDAY, APRIL 7.
This morning the Court met, and The Jury returns.
ed a verdict, finding the prisoner *Laren, by a plu-
rality of votes. Guilty of the crimes libelled ; and all
in one voice finding 110lif El also Guilty of the crimes
lihelkd--.but, in consideration of their fortner good
character, unanimously recommended .them to the
mercy of the Court. •
Mr. JEFFREY stated an objettion to the verdict, in
so far as the prisoners were charged with the crime
of sedition, whereas the Jury had found them guilty
of the crimes libelled. Var.ous crimes may he charg-
ed in an indictment, and ti eJury may find one crime
proven, or, generally, the wi,oie crimes proven ; but
here the prisoners were tried for (;he crime, v.z. sedi-
tion. and of that crime alone the Jury sl-ould have
found them guilty, and not of climes, when only one
was charged.
The Cotirt were of opinion that :he virdict was
right, in so far as the prisoners were charged with
speaking the seditious v... rds, and after wart.is printing
and publishing tb.m.
The LOKI) ADV(ZATE then craved the judgment
of the C,,urt upon the prisoners.
The Judges haviag dOivered their npinions as to
the s-q:tence which oligh: to be pronounced. the I.4tit•
Jcsi i e CLLItK, after Admonition, !ell., aced-
the pi isont.ts to Six I.oprisonnumt in the
of Caninigate, and to find caution for their trJ
itsvielvforthererisid.ot Tine Yeterthiriaiter, Bald
in £2OO, and M'Laren in re4o, and to be datitiaet
until such caution be folnd..

About twelve. o'clock yesterday, the Manchester
coach, called the Traveller, drove to the Police Office.
Bow-street, with three men in the inside, heavily
ironed and chained together, in the custody of Mr.
P,ansoes, the Ki.ig's Messenger, who had brought
t'eem frinn Milecheeter on a charge of Hio Treason.
They %tele also guarded by a Police OJicer belong-
ing to Manchester, oil the outside of the coach. Their
ii ',nes ;tie ffil sari Kni, Jahn Plans, ant James L.each.
They write l ut into confinement in the Otfice.
One of these men lives at Rochdale, one at Mid-
dleto" and one near that place. They were all taken
.
At MolaS
r:stet on Friday setinight, which was the
day appriotiVor the general meeting, lint wirier
was prevented hoer taking place by the •elertion of
the.klagistrates, the Police UrEettr, and a very nee
merous assemblage hf the military, !terse and font,
who poured into town in the morning in all direc-
tions. The prieoners were confined it, the New Bailey
Ptisim till Monday, when they unclerwint.examitia-
tions before a Magiarate on Monday evening, at
Manchester, previous to their removal by the Tra.
yeller coach to London. About two o'clock yesterday
they were conveyed from the Office to the ziecre;ary
of State's Office for the Home Departmeet, where
;they underwent an 'examination he'ore Lard Stir
MOUTH, the I.l.ider Secretary of State, the Law
cers. Sir NATHANIEL CONANT, &C.
At the same Samuel Rinford, John Lanrarki e, JAR
&tern, Junes Seller:, Robert !hut-
ton, Libantrd Connor, and Dr. Kicking:.
who •
were brought to Load: n from Manchester on the
elm, of ;...I;efoi, by tvielMs. WTI.? lANIi mild liT k ES, the
King's Mest;ene.ets, Were yesterday rem iv-d Irons
the House hit:,irrection by Mr. Beceere, the :lira.'
•key, and others, to the Secretary of Stitt's Office,
where they underwent A second examination:

Mr. Knish, a rnaoulact on:r, whu was brought from
Manchester to Landon by Manchester price affect:,
WAS conveyed in a coach to liotv.street by Mr: Nou-
Dalt, the Governor tit Tothill fields Brider:ell, an I he
also underwent an etamiitatiou ; his trunk Accompa-
Died him, whizlf, we understood, contauttd articles
essential to the charge preferred•against hm. The •
proceedings continueil till' !IC ar six o'clock, -•
All the parties were remand-d to their former
places of confinement. ii 'Niche Kew. %bat, Leach, and
John Plant, were• ter _feted to be detained in canto-Iy.
foe prisoners were confined in different apart.
naeuts, and had no communication with each other.
l'he whole proceedintTs were conducted with the
strictest seat cy. The nature of the cnarges inferred
against any of th:m did not transpire.
Yesterday the Westminster Sessions were held at
the Sessions House before the Ch.firman, R. Warsof ,
Esq. and a full Bench of Magistrates.
The CliAlitNlAV,* in •addressing the Grand jury,
observed, that if any•c•ase came before therm rsis.
sire to those public nnitancet, the sale or rapi),tire
fur sale of blasphemous publication, such as 1•10 fre-
quently be was afraid of late tunes disgraced this me-
tropolis; they would'give any such case their ns,,sr
re-
rious consideration. He quoted the opinion ~age
Hale, that such publications; were a violation 't ss S •
-law of the laud. The Grand Jury thto wrcuite.e,
