Assembly. He would not contend with the Legislators
Canada as to the disposalin of
rf their funds this or that
articular manner;
but he thought that,on examination
p
by a s lect Committee of this House, some means might
be found of establishing a Civil List, out of which the
expenses of certain officers might be paid for a certain
period, and that the right of disposal of all other moneys
should be in the discretion of the Legislature—(Hear).
He begged leave to claim for the king's Glvertinsent
the praise which was justly due to them. They had
throughout this struggle laid before the provincial
Legislature the application of every shilling of the per-
manent revenue of the colony; and in all other respects
acted wirb the utmost fairness and impartiality. He
would not detain the House any longer.—(Hear, heat !)
There were two groupds on which he rested his claims
to the consideration of the House: the first was the pre-
sent state of the representation of Lower Canada; and
the second, the state of the revenue, and the proper
controul which should be exercised over it by this coun-
try. He had now merely one word to say—lt was in-
sinuated slightly in this House, and mote widely else-
where, that an end might be put to the troubles in Ca-
nada, by our relinquishment of its dominion ; but this
question he would not argue. In a commercial and
political point of view, the Canadas were of the utmost
importance to England. We should not forget what
bonnet hod policy alike dictated, nor should we be
unmindful of those moral considerations which would
follow on our abandonment of a loyal and faithful Co-
lony. We cannot deal with Canada as was done in the
case of Louisiana, nor measure her value by mete
pounds, *billings, and pence. Canada was bound up
with recollections highly honnorAble to the name of
England—and she must be sustained. We should not
foi ego ti e duties which we owed her people—in Ca-
nada there were none of those distinctions of caste or
slavery which tirfort enately prevailed in other colonies:
we have everywhere taken ~ur language, our laws, and
institutions—they are, as they have been, taking root,
in every quarter of the world—and if it be said, that we
have made great sacrifices to attain our present de: rte
of superiority—all he said was—be it so. England was
now the most powerful and happy nation that ever 'ex-
isted in the world—her Colonies were highly instru-
mental to that greatness—and he hoped they would
continue to share it with us for ages yet to come—(Cries
of " Hear"). England has a duty to perform in re-
ference to Canada, and from its performance she will
not swerve—she has to abate prejudices, to cool ani-
mosities, and, above all, to give to her the benefit of
English laws and institutions—(Hear, hear). The Right
Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving for " the ap-
pointment of a Select Committee to inquire into the
Civil Government of the Canadas, as established by the
31st Geo. Il 1. ch. 31, and that they report their opinions
thereon to this House—(Cries of .1 Hear, hear").
The motion having been seconded and put,
Air. LA BOUC HER.E rose—He did not mean to question the
right of the House in its Imperial capacity to alter the Act of 1791,
which he looked upon as the great Charter of the liberties of the
Canadians. No doubt the House was justified in interfering with the
inferior Legislatures in extreme cases, and if it was done in this
case, be trusted it would be done with aU due regard to the rights
given by the compact between this country and Canada to the French
Canadians—(Hear). In the course of his statement the Right Hon.
Gent. had misrepresented, no doubt unintentionally, Mr. Pitt's in-
teution in bringing in the Bill or 1791. The principal object of the
Bill was the divisiou of Canada into Upper and Lower, and the
nbj-ct of that was, to throw the political weight into the bands of
the French settlers, who formed the great majority of the popula-
tion. It was the only way Mr. Pitt could devise to secure the
Canadians in the enjoyment of the rights and custom' to which they
were attache& (The lion. Member here read a !lumber of extracts
from Mr. Pitt'. speech on bringing forward the Bill, for the pur-
pose of showing that his intention was such as he bad stated.) Mr.
Pitt's intentions, however, had not been adhered to, and the Right
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Husk isson) did not do him justice when he
said that his plans bad failed. Mr. Pitt intended that the Legis-
lative Council should he selected front the French Canadians as well
as the House of Assetnbly,but instead of chit, it had been generally
selected from English. or minor pan of the population. The Heine
generally was perhaps not aware of the smallness of the number of
the English settlers compared with throe of French descint.—
Of the latter, be believed, there were nearly 500,000, whilst of the
English there were ouly 80,000. He felt as much inclined as any
Honourable Men.ber to favour the English settlers; but he trusted
it was not intended to du it at the expense of the lighte of the ori.
gival inhabitants, who were still the great majority. One great
source of the discontent at present prevailing in Canada was, he
thought, that very Bill of 1812, to which the flight Honourable
Gentleman bad slightly alluded. The Canadians looked upon that
Bill ass plan to deprive them of their rights by surprise, and bad
ever since distrusted the Government, in which. before—whatever
had beentheir disputes with the Governors sod local authorities—
they had placed the utmost reliance. He hoped theßight llon.Gent.
would now relieve the Canadians, and give them even a more posi-
tive pledge than he had yet done, that Government did not intend
to take them by supine. He cordially concurred in the sentiments
expressed by the Right Honourable Gentleman towards the con-
clusion of his speech, and be trusted Great Britain would never
think of sacrificing Colonies, which, besides being memo:ids of
the policy of a Chatham, and the valour of a Wolf, offered the far
more brilliant trophy of the affr ction of s conquered people con-
ciliated by justice and kindness—(Cheers).
. Mr. HUSK ISSON explained. He had said, that the first point
was to preserve every object of good faith to the French settlers,
according 'to the compact of 1774, consistent with the safety of the
Colts:ties, and the maintenance of Btitish Institutions.
• Sir J. MACINTOSH could not avoid making a few observe-
t milt, as the people of Canadis had entrusted bins with their ease.—
He contended that not only the Canadas, but every one of our Co-
looks, o ere intimately connected with this country, in the 'same
manner as a great confederacy was bound tliether. The present
measures of colonial policy were few and simple—to conduct their
own affairs—to pay their own expenses—and to provide for the se-
curity of their possessions. l'y these maxims the evils, said to be in.
corabie, night be mitigated. The most fundamental of these maxims
was to leave the integral part of the Government to themselves.
• Tie Bight Honourable and Learned Gentleman took a view of the
• character and cooditiun of the people of Canada. With respect
to the Government, the three essential grievances were chest
• perplexed system of laws, arising front the custom of Paris, an
inadequate representation in Parliament; and the third was, that
the Members es the Legislature bad wrong notionsof political eco-
onmy. Dui the Bight lion. Gentleman never hear of another
anintry, where the laws were a jumble of inconsistencies awl subtle-
ties, whirls the sages of the law were unable to unravel or widths..
' stand? Was it not known to the Right Hon. Gentleman that some
Of those inettstailties of Representation were suffered in other coun-
tries, even in our own, and yet they led to the most happy results?
. Then with respect to political economy—was this not appertaining
to other countries—had they not wrong notions upon this subject ?
Were they mot partial to seigniorage ? But even all these,
• if they applied to the Canadas, were hot sufficient grounds
for changing the Constitutional Government of that part of
the world. He really should have thought that ancient laws
were not the worst calculated for administering justice, paniculaily
when they were congenial with the spirit and feelings of the people.
With respect to inquiry, though be was ready to admit that the
Petitions of the people were a good ground fur inquiry, yet he
was not disposed to forego the offer made by the Right Honour-
able Gentleman. But if be found jars and squabble; carried on
between the people arid the Government fur ten years, then be
must say that was a sufficient reason of inquiry. What was a
Government made for? to rule for the benefit of the people; if the
_people are dissatisfied, was not that ample testimony of the fault of
the Government? According to the contract of 1774, the House of
Assembly did not claim the right of appropriation, they only claimed
cognisance of examination in respect of the appropriation of the pub-
licenoney. Did the Right Hon. Gent. mean to contend for and to
recommend the Government to wrangle with the Legislature for
ever ? Was it right for a Governor to quarrel with the Legisiatureoo
the choice of a Speaker? It was never done in England but in the
worst of times. The Right Hon. Gentleman contended. that the
'frequent and continued struggiesbetween MeGoverninent of Canada
and the Legislature, were unworthy of an English system of Ad-
ministration. The people of Canada bad two great standing causes
for complaint—bad Councillors and a weak Administration. He
should be happy to learn that the causes for complaint did not arise
from the inhtaken seal of the Government. The principal pan of
the population of the Canada was composed of natives, the original
settlers of the soil—few, very few indeed, were the English ted-
sleeta.—the elude of 'inland eras in the.poseessioe of the Mdse..—
TIM ereentry h. Mt Imo* of Easiest domination over imam
