. ',THE ARM!.
•
- • ,
lifip.i.itY ivfao.u.so-,The followingie it dekricition
of the Medal mentioned" in therGatatte of Toestirf,
the 11th instant, „graetetk.6 the Field-Officers arho
fought in the different battaes,in Spain:and Piniugal :
Devises.—Brigs'—Brigs'sloOls ,in •ilutt fart .ef tar aieee aged
Spain and Portugal, reposing after
sa victorious battle. tri her
left band she holds a Oahu bratich as in emblem* Victory, And
to the right, she presents é crown of laurel to tae meritorious ~
''l-
Officer,.as a reward for his greet skill sad vetoer by wbidh he .71 ./13 .ad there found die
be deserved well of his country. . . .___L_L_Jv:: "‘1 ..,.. .-aLiiiie ,_o ,1,..,_. ,4." PlYmt!"-D4ick; - _ .earthed, and on whose person .
dam—mmat Gentlemen of this town, who __ . _
Reveasi.--Within thin a wreath of lanrel are eterrewtheluffi- found two new watches. On searching the room he
car's rank and name; also the names of the, obseekierieri the feel elves intrusted in the fate of your son, R. also found four other new watches, three tithe-pieces,
several actions wire fought, with the date of the
.yle!ivikc.:Bn. JefferTtbeT
, ate, ef:the';kecruit, have requested me to and various articles of wearing apparel, which
Hone Guar&,:t 11;01110. . wri-0 .....TOti foithe purpose of iscertaiiiing, if possi- proved to be the*
property of the prosecutor, whose
•..,. . . . .
The Cominander in Chief directs it to. ee,"' vitither he be living or dead. The Papers in ouse had beet) broken open a few nights before, and
to the Army, that by, an arrangemeet av • o.k Retie-I
-al hags
_published statements, purporting that ! the articles specified in the indictment taken away.
effect from the 25th of. June last, thee ip,aya he' was teltio,fiorn the Island of Sombrero by a vessel i The prisoner* in his defence, put ia-a,written paper,
men) fur brear and forage supplied to,the,troopylial belch:gine 'to 'Marblehead, 'and that lie now lives in I which was read. It stated, that he had received die
been altered ; and the payment is now made, wholly , the Protrosetraif Massachusetts; America. Now as it! watches. to pawn from two men, of whom he had
by the Commissary in Chief, and not partly. by that sippeetitheOheattas a particularly dutiful- and glee. , but a very slight knowledge, and who promised tOcall
'officer and partly by thiPay-malters.of Regiments,. ,tientateetal;•itndantewho let slip no opporttmities,of ! for the money at his lodgings in the evening. It also
previoui to the 25th of June last.. • .1 writing to!yon while en board the Reengt, it it pro-
a; was the case(skated, that he belonged to theist regiment of Tower
obithlithet, If living, he has wrlttento you i and. this,
Hamlets, and had served the early part of his life in
• • , knee Guards. August ts. I.
. of course, would place thefatt of his existence beyond i his Majesty's service at sea, and
At a General Court MattlaCheld at Maidstone, cat , had been in many
a doubt. ula t. ,
.• . , _ '. ! severe engagements, which it particularly recited.—
'the 25th of June, 18f0,- and continued by adjonrnt
nave me goodness tef•teuse the trouble which , Amongst others it mentioned his hai,ing been with
anents to the 25th July folloiringi private Robert Fee you on this subject;!ind rest strayed; that no. •
Chilman. of the Bearsted and- Pitallruig 'Regiment of ' , -;the English troops at their landing in Egypt, and
ming but a participation in That lively interest in the. , having been present at the death of General Aber-
Local Militia, was arraigned opoit the• f'ollowink.fate
of
your ion, which pervades all parts of the Br,- crombie. He was unable, however, to adduce any
charges, viz:
~.-sii,ittish Empiret could have induced me to have intruded proof of his innozence on the present occasion, be
se Ist. For disobedience of order*, elating on the lifer amp,
.4 'on your time.---1 am, &C. -
to obey the orders of Lieutengit-Cokinet the nob. ' 66 41 •4164.11-1 46. 6 was therefore found guilty—Death.
xsto, !erased' -• ,
I, W. Uratford ; and having resisted, in the struts of Maidstone, 6'. Mrs. Coad, PelPilnly Cornwall" His wife was acquitted, as there was no satisfactory
going to the Barracks, where he was ordered to be cuutwea for • ANSWER.—EXtRACT. proof of her guilt brought forward.
gross irregularity of conduct. ~.. ' .
• " Polperro, September 14, 1510. Thomas Hale stood indicted for burglariously beeak-
a ei. For having on the 'stele.vlay made use of mita. Gotha
.1- r• " Sir—This evening's post brought me the favour ing and entering the dwelling-house .of John Ord,
*horning, and disrespectful laothage ao theold Lieaw.t. •
_
coiond the Hon. J. W. Sttatford.:4 _ _ . 'of your's of the 1 nth instant, for which be pleased to Esq. at Fulham, on the night of the 23d of August,
3d. For mutinous and improper-heovionailistine on the accept my humble thanks. In reply to your obliging I and stealing therein various articles of plate, of con.'
same day kicked James Chittenden, then a Salem! In the Be*, inquiries respecting my unfortunate son, I have to
sad and Melling Regiment of Local Militia, while In the elects-, .- .- •
torm you,. .that I have had no other account than k siderable value.
sta-
tion of his duty (escorting him a prisoeer to the hayracks'), ant In. Joseph Lupton, the Butler of the Prosecutor,
taint( struck other persons who assistaths seeaning hith, iticiinthose published in the papers, until this evening. So : ted, that the Prisoner lived as footman in the service
conduct being Contrary to the rules and articles of war:" along time had elapsed since the account published, : of Mr. Ord fourteen months.. On the 23d of Auglist
The Court found the prisoner Pasilty. of the criMesz.that my doubts had- overcome my hopes of his exist- there was a large party at his master's house at Ful-
laid to his charge, and sentenced himaa receive eight fence,, and I took "the liberty of troubling Mr. Whit- . ham, when the greater part of the family plate was
hundred lashes upon his bare back :with the cat bread, who interested himself in his hialf. I yet ', in use, of which circumstance the prisoner was of
o'nine tails. , ' r • •
. ..„. think, if my son were living, and had given his dere- ; course aware. On the evening of that day, the priso-
His MAJESTY has been pleased to • approve and sition, as staled Alicjally, that he certainly would have : nor, with the permission of his master, went to sleep
confirm the sentence of the Court, and the Comman- written to rue, and.l ales think that wise really was . at the town house in Lincoln's-inn-fields, in order
der in Chief directs that the foregoing charges, tope- the person, thevavohld have pressed . him to write • that he might be ready to go off by the coach to the
Cher with the sentence of the Court, and his Maanti's to me to convince me said the public of his existence. I country, to see some friends, at an early hour the en-
confirmation there6f, shall be read at the head of have also had. several letters sent to him, but have yet : suing morning. Witness left the house at Fulhats
every regiment of Local Militia. . i had no answer, nor do I entertain a hope of receiving I about twelve o'clock at night, as he lodged in the
Lord PAGET'S excellent regiment, the 7th Light one,.
I shall subjoin an extract from a letter to Mr. village ; previous to his going, the plate was all safe,
Dragoons,' now on Dublin duty, are again fit for Whitbread, from the Secretary to the Admiralty, in . and every part of the house was secured, except the
service, although they suffered so m'e'
sh tvhen lately! answer to his letteeor)ileh he has inclosed to me, and door by which he went out, which was afterwards'
employed, I sent here. I shall 'reel it my duty to give you any . fastened by the under-butler. On coming to his bus&
I formation in m ' power as any future time, and ath .t. the next morning, at nine, he was informed the!
The South Down Regiment, now stationed in in Y Pu • . ne..s .
Dublin, completed its full quota of volunteers to the much obliged for the trouble you
.and your friends , the house had been broken open and the plate atoleo.•
line, on the 11th, 12th, and 13th of the present month. Sir, your obedient
have taken, and am,
66 HONOR COATI (late ..rsarrear )-'• I specified in the indictment, which he believecteolati
The Royal County of Limerick Regiment, now guar- , .
tend at Athlone, commanded by the 'Right HO: : . - (TN,CI-0
.. . auttE.) _ * a Admiralty, Sept. is i worth upwards of si6o.
deposed, that he had faster
Lord MUSZERRYI gaie 80 volunteers to the time seri. B6 i have beep 'fiA7 .&vatito with yours, in whit. ! The Under-butler .
vice on the same days~ Fortymore will cbnip4ft is oti ;lay; not:Rink will satisfy Jeffery's mother but, a the door after the last witness, and having seen every
their quota. . • : • : 1•1*m
. er Troth' hind. I have no such letter to send you, other part of the house safe, he went to bed : that,
Saturday se'nnight, two privates ix iii the morning, he was called by the coach-
of the Forfanhire i and hale only RI Assure. you,
_that we
_have rece.ved about sinformed
ho informed le • th; the Iv - had been

~'A 7);

bt? .
bc!PafeTt ••!!
791qcS tatuErvi -
to her, the

•

semanitires capita', it.
...the lsoisse of 8 inenseimV
..
gay._- .-iane, Whitechapel, and stealing * .
quantity of half:pence, some foreige coins,. a silk •
itandkelchief, and a knife, on the `/6 h of June. -
Samuel Wiggins dcpoced, that he went to he] at
h:ilf-past eleven o'click at .night, :ind. got up at five
fclock.fi the morning. Oa going. into. his' shop he
saw.the Ain had been einotiAt.l of its contents; tLe
win ' in the mom behind th • shop was 0, en
T Beadle of the Parish deposed, that he heard
titiv
of therObbery early in, the morning, arid took the pri-
soner into custody on suspicion; he searched him,
and found 12s. fist. in now h ilf-pence, some forei.,n
coin, a black silk handkerchief, and d knife, which
'he produced. The prosecutor identiflai the knife
and handkerchief.
The prisoner, in his defence, said,othat he bought
the knife in the island of Martinico, in the West Ir.
dies, and the handkerchief in BaltiMore, North Aim-
rico ; the foreign coin, he brought from Denm c
with him, and the halfpence he received in payment
of his wages. He denied an knowledge of-the-pro.
mentor or his house. He did not call any vritnes(..s„
The Jury acquitted him of the burglary, but found
him guilty of stealing in the dwelling.house: He
seemed perfectly indifferent at hearing the verditt.
Benjamin Booth was indicted for feloniously stealing
a silver watch, the property of Robert Basque.
Robert Basque deposed he was a boatman ; that
on the 20th of August the prison. r took a passage in
his boat from Coventry to Uxbridge; immediately
after the prisoner had left the boat, he missed the
watch ; he went in search of him, and found him the
same evening, when he confessed he had sold the
watch to a Mr. Handy, watch-maker, Uxbridge;
fur 10s. •
George Handy deposed, that the prisoner sold.hina
the watth, and that the prosecutor came to demand
the watch, but said it was made by Wood, in Ox-
ford-street, and another description of the person who
made it being on the watch, he refused to deliver it
up.—George Murray, High Constable of Uxbridge,
produced the watch, which was identified by the pro-
secutnr.

The prisoner made tto defence, and the Jury found
him Guilty—aged 20 pears.
Margaret Hurley was indicted for burglariously ea•
tering the house of Charles Zachery, on the 11th of
August, and feloniously stealing thercont one feather
bed, two blankets, one sheet, and a givrn-piece.

Charles Zachery deposed, that the prisoner had
lived with him in the capacity of a servant, and was
discharged only a few days before the robbery. On
the 11th of August, he went out beinre five o'clock
in the morning, and on his return be fotiri the stivet
door open, and the articles in the inlictment gone :
the Wednesda- folio- he took th., prisoner

knowledge of the rob-
confessed it, and told
Ikets, and sheet, to a man of
Iker, in Drury-lane.
.ice Officer, produced the
took it into ctstody at the
Irch-warrant. The prose-
iketsond sheet.
that she was servant to
out of bed and went out
o'clock .in the morning,
found the bectAhe slept on
also, a gown-piece, her
pawn-broker, produced the gown-
was pledged with him by
that he is a broker in
‘me to him on the 12th of
a bziandbedding to sell;
Giles, where she

,ked four guineas for them,
, but offered three, which
she could not get.mote he
13th she brought the arti-
her three gu►neas. The

the burglary, but found
dwelling-aged 19.
. Court would have mercy.
. conducted herself well while
believed it was het first offence.
recommended her to mercy.
lformed the Jury it was'his
•on what ground they re-
, mercy ? Jury replied,
and the character her master

indicted for robbing William
of a gold chain, three gold
The prosecutor deposed,
and tallow-chandlei, in 6il-
- on the night of the 16th
fining down Jerdsalern-tonrt,
hold of his watch-chain and
'sped his watch in his hand,
prisoner broke off the chain
tan array, witness following
, He could only swear to
and statute ; but he was very
man.

cry of stop thief, seized the
prosecutor's property was not found
iuitted.
Sylfintait was capitally con.
chain and seven gold seals,
Carr, in her dwelling-house;
stealing 24. remnants of
of J. Clarke, in his dwel-

White the drummer, whd
perpetration of sin unnatural
bar to take their trial. Mr.
Hepburn, however, predated
staling that he could not.
his Ere, In the abate-cad
iaw.in Portugal,
ate 1n rebutting the
;tier somefiesitititm; -
trial until Den Sodom

, _
.)4LuLuay xgm, ',WU FRIViII.VO IJ/ 111 G 1 Vilna 31i,1G -
militia quartered at Newcastle, were assaulted in the official information of his having been living and well man,, who informed him that the house had been ion the Wednesday following
by pressgang, who used them very ill, street a by a few months ago, in America; and I have also some robbed; and that, on going down stairs, he discover. ; into custody. She denied all
tearing their clothes, and wounding one of them se• reason to expect at tle he will, at no great distance of et; the robber or robbers had made their way into the bery at first, but shortly after
betel y with a cutlass. The offenders, however, were time, come to England. : house through t window which looked upon the lawn, him she seld the bed, blankets;
very glad to give the men tiro guineas not to prosecute 1 dear Sir, faithfully' " " and which had beenguarded by six iron barethe the of Telmer, broker,
I am,
.s your s, J. W. CROKE*. .
them. The soldiers, alter replacing the torn clothes, eS. Whitbread, toe inside, and two wooden bars on the oetside. On ex- James Gilworth, a Police
•
eery generously gave the remainder of the money to -----• amination, however, he found that the wooden bars , property, and stated, he took
All Saints' charity school. OLD BiIILET. without had been forced away, and one of the- iron- broker's, by virtue (f a search
• -- bars within had been unscrewed and pushed aside,so cutor identified the bed, blank
--....--e- as to It a space sufficiently large to admit a man. Mary Finneger deposed, th
The SeSsions commenced yesterday before Baron
A duel lately took place near duildford, between trry,,ooD, Mr. Justice ,flertrnel'ir. Justice-BAILEY, and On the ground outside the window he saw a piece of the prosecutor ; that•she got c
Captain G. and Cornet C. of the King's Own Dra.: I candle, which had evidently been alight, and a bun- about ten Minutes after five o'
goons, in which the latter was woooded in the leg. ' on
the RECORDER of Londontoala ee: s; - 1
• to the •John Th ft die of matches. This witness also corroborated the and at about half-past, she fou
. e first prisoner put bar was Thom ft- !
By the last conveyance from India the following ion' who stood indicted for stealing from the person ; testimony of Luptoto with respect to the prisoner's with the bed-clothes, gone ; a
idrices were received: of Mr. Stone, a schoolmaster, residing at Bexley, in ' having obtained peanission from his master to go on property.
4 Bombay, April 14, 1510. 1 Kent, a pocket-book, containing seSOO in notes, bills a visit to his friends in the country, and his having Stevens, a pawn-broke
I'. letelletiniediss beantacilvitilkonidangoon, that a Burmab I 4 exchange, &c. i gone to town for that purpose. piece, and deposed, that it an
alafy, of soatonesesi hid invaded and 'taken the Island of Junk ",
IsCeiolon,atia hadvent ill the inbabkants in slavery to Pegu. Tlie It appeared from the statement of Mr. ALLEY, The Coachman was next examined.• -He stated, the prisoner.
defense, it is said, were collecting a force for the purpose of at- . Counsel for the prosecution, that the prosecutor in that on getting up, at six in the morning, he saw Henry Tolmer deposed, I
tztipticg the recapture of this pokseasion.-The Portogeou shift ' passing along Westminster-bridge, on the 6th of July, , that the window, already described by the last wit- Drury-lane ; the prisoner cam
. nduied Vtlx,odotlara in specie on board, it was said, had been stopped amongst other persons to view a boat-race i ness, had been broken open. He intimediately gate August, and told him she had;
ililicia..Y••••-,1**,f;,!i11.1 iretithe mouth of the Straits of on the Thames, fora silver cup given by Mr. Astley. the alarm, and a search was made, when the plate he went with her to a room i
Yarmouthitacii•Anitnenite 1-tadaT, and 'end to., While he stood looking through the ballustrades of .
i was missed. • spewed the articles and asked
• - •
friernitv.:4ivita-I."Wiel ire etttergge plate.for the bridge, some persons surrounded him ; one rest- i The •female servant who had the care of Mr. Ord's which he refused too give, I
bbtlia ays. AV-eatNil Elf•-• -' . -'.. • • d - • d. tug his hand upon his shoulder very heavily, as if de. , house in town deposedethat on the night of the 23d she objected to, but said-if sh
~,, .7. . ~ .„ _ iKpar!
.., yarrive .
stoats of seeing over his head. Not suspecting the of August, the prisoner came to her, and begged she should have them ;on the If
Tegerdiy a case -Came. on id. tii`bnard before the would prepare him a bed .as his master had given eke to his shop, and he paid !
'lSt.' • • :• • • '
oveefhiSstotier4 at the. Court of It . ;guildhall;
.hroasht before them by Mr. Watkerk . et, did not aske any particular notice of them, until him leave to sleep in town, on account of hit going
they had Lett the place where he stood in rather an ;off at an early hour in the morning to see his friends. prisoner made no defence.
The Jury acquitted her of
illieranstiury, agaihst the Goternor arid Cannpassy of 1
Batik of England, for detaining and ofe#o,lg to i
I abrupt manner. He then felt in his breast-pocket and i She complied with his request, and about It o'clock her guilty of stealing in the d
missed his pocket-book, containing the property al- !he went to bed, and she shortly afterwards followed The prosecutor begged the
pay him 20 shillings for a tuppote-d-Bartk oT*ngland
hote, which )te had received from a correepondent id 1 A - •
tre dr mentioned. He had no recollection whatever , his example. She had not been long in het :room, on the prisoner ; she had con
L k • :h din li. k book ' however, before she heard the prisoner go down stairs, in his employ, and he believer
, I...ive,rpool; when, it appeared by the testimony. of *l' of the prisoner, but oaving a is poc et- , .
cieqc belonging to the Inspector's Oftiice im the Bank ! amongst other things, a check, drawn by Lady Bur- and in about half-an hour afterwards the street door The Jury then recommended
top, of Soho-square, on -Messrs. Coatis and Co. he I was opened and shut again. .On her rising in the Mr. Justice BAILEY inforn
Tao the note in question was forged, in consequence
leene-to the banking-how, to •'stop payment thereof, morning, the prisoner did not make his appearance; duty to inquire from them a
f which the only remedy left for the complainant t and ' desired by the testi to be there early in the and, on examining the bed which she had prepared commended the prisoner to r
an was. c,,
..
was to procure the payment of it from the person
morning, as in all probability whoever committed the . for him, she was convinced he had not slept there.— on account of her youth, and
from whom he had receiv.ed. it. theft would take the first opportunity of calling for , She then went down stairs, and, by the appearance had giver. her.
tally yesterday morning, as a respectable merchant JAR Ca:herr:rood was indit
of the • the cash. The prosecutor accordingly went before .of the kitchen fire and the hearth„she could perceive
name of Walker was coming
In the
t. narrow lane, be was stopped by two
out of Norwood, nine o'clock on the ensuing morning, accompanied by , trace of melted lead, from- which she inferred that Bagnall, on the highway, of
mi.. the -prisoner had emplOyed himself in melting lead, seals, and a geld watch key.
fellows, Humphries, a Bow-street Officer, and in a few
1 who took from him his gold watch, chain, and seals, nutes, as predicted, the prisoner came in and tendered fer some reason that she could net devise. that lie is a die-engraver and
raria upwards of £5O in notes and cash, With this they the check for payme.
. , gin Clear OS. nt,and was immediately secured. i Packhurst, the police officer, was the last witness ver-street, Clerkenwell ; dial
•• ' ' ' ''' On being asked hole the checli same into his posses. , examined. •He stated, that he was sent to Mr. Ord's of August, as he was grain
• . • 14. very daring robbery took place yeiterdaf Mont-, lion, he said it had been given to by a man in the house, to ascertain whether he could discover any cir- the prisoner seized hold
..,
r • leg in Fleet-street, nearly opposite Fetter-line; be- street, who desired him to e change, and waited cumstances which might lead to the detection of the seals; witness instantly grass
s ' tw,era: the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock. Two his return, without the Mr. Humphries inure- ; robber. Having examined the window already de- and by a sudden jerk the pr
''dean:) leaticiect down a little itl about 12 years of diately went out, and brought in aman whom helm; scribed, and being apprized of the other circumstances and seals, with which he tar
• 11gemnitook a bundle she'had under her arm from standinin the street, and asked thelirisoner If that detailed, he immediately suspected the prisoner, and him, crying out, stop thief.
i imehkath- which they Made their escape. It ap- was the person tO whom he alluded-l- the ptisoser re- : having learnt the coach by which he was to go into the prisoner by his dress and
• *well by the little girl's account, the 'bundle contain- plied in the negative. He was then conveyed to Bow- i the country, he went to the White Horse Cellar,
w, in confident that lie was the m
ed.k new coat, which her fatherliad just completed, street, and committed for trial. After his committal, , Piccadilly, where the first person he saw was the pri. J. Carlo hearing the cry
e :114idli she was taking home. e' -- he said the man who had been brought into the bank.' soner, sitting on a small deal box. He accosted him, prisoner, but the proseeutor'
s •J elk ludicrous affair took pia& "-i '' at the hOuse ing-house was the person • who had given him the 1 and asked him it the box on which he sat was his upon him. —Acquitted.
• af Mr. Kay, brazier, at the corneVoll.:4;ng-acre and check. .Of this, however, he was unable to produce , property? and, on his replying:in the: ffirmative, wit- Elisabeth' William: alias S 3
s rirneyNee. Mr. Kay hadelilvertlied for a house. anr.proef,".....These fecte.wele ptoved by bin _Stone,. ness accused him of robbing his :master, which he at Acted for stealing a gold ch
II keeper, and vast numbers of that description pplleal
1:11101phr6i' ills Pffieers. itod.,,cne ..01 the :glary. of first strenuously denied, but on behtg handcuatland the property of Charlotte Ca
• for the' place early in. th ' -a"
Messrs. C tts and Co:.'-. • i • el i -,e I placed in a hackney coach he burst into tears; said he as.was also ./.. Tvrxer, for
r had thereat ' e.morning, but some of them ou. _ __yearn ef to des i.ee ,-
erpreted.the word, and-supposed the adiere ,_ „
the prisoner endeavoured to prove an silk, but i had robbed the best of masters, and observed that the woollen.cloti‘lbe property
tiser whole of the stolen plate' as in the box, which, on linklususe. '' "'.
I wanted a female • . .., . A smart girl was failed. ' • ' • 1.:‘„; -.• ::::,..
amongst thelttfterPtilk •' • ''The teamed Judge hems green Ip4ohaegeto. the examination, lealletin • • ' '7l proved. plebe. 'ffite sera. 9#
..
.. t
e hew the Ensign, and
2nd on. bibs informed
she was too lain) laedie-- „ ' ' esereme. -law • - Jury, the
. •"iettirned. a teiOet or,- - „,,,,,, , 4,_
..,., r, I. 1 the box, there was *lib a piece Of crape,Athtc stand committed for the pet
• pressed mitt stivlitriig; taw. al. n' '7' '- '' Ipf •", '46lofi 11410; that; 4 44:4:0.4ipp: lit was suspettsadhad, bearded- over his,fuee When he .offence, were put to the bat
e uti tair... • --' r*
taste. . This girl' raiser.d-i tifitirt MOWN .. , : &ea ,.e ' OleihtlerilOiWis pogketcr.t :•sornntittedahe robbery, aluenscreiroatttcsionee °the' Goner'', teethe part of Het
a' or the '(.... . .. 1... 4.4. . •
• fie' ningbbottiliohd that 'Mil bliditi -•Sd . i .;71° ' . ''' 'la a" PrZ•ft" • f".rryr4rr".' implements viefat in ..thbrerpetTdtiOd' tgl geburglaty; an efild*eit 'of his client's,
a wife, *filch ppreaatiskikaijobiffiegioN- 0.. ' ' tin. ~ 4; (L.-. ~ • ,•• ' , :' , ~ ' On theprisoner's person were found some pieedoqi, lin tdii-lir vAth kafety to k
le J t
0 hear afeereretthrlike'hbeitiilwailift* . ".
'-• 'A Waal' krit .. . t:.t -p.c,,- • tit fli
I; .' • '''-. ' ' ''' 'IP / is
.7444, :- • lefflAtßit 4R:vvicto'fProsv tttethor with Bowie llook ta'6 drastuners, irhd are nip
II -. •
''o hoar
ilhvaat 'NOdllieissiiirphfo? ~ ":44 .?
iit I- v I hat. 0' . nig 1 tils :.. -..,..irowdtsrwaptilopiiFaut fovea a 1414-151Piltakilakk ati* inr*Veitat inlPoitand
.. .% 9 Si'
, 1.44/17(160WAYtild6di tEiAtie4kollidibte ii ~- .;4; '..
4. " 16,47. kii' "I 2 '. ' 7 •1 ' 11 9
• • . ad been' pawned that Jam the s• iatter bilittisestlialthioLla-Afte
to keep the multitude from . al iletba:' " al. "1 I.'
ws.---
'':
curling e o . -.ng'l. ' . • :-- a- discovery, it was presumed •
unfortunate wretch hr were plessi4 to defer the tr
• .
• .

_
. • .
...... • .. -44.:Ar —•
.• ?-414 -..--- 'L.-lit . , . •••••;Pissiivrt - . •-• • ...- . ,-.--- .•
;•., .- •- • •.., ~,...„...!•_ - ~ •. . ,•-•.-- -- - 4.* 17.075' •'•' ce • • i ')lnismearrt 1.,,,0r. . ,741:0cliatcheti th Tee timos;ecete AA of tended to have defended 11'7;0, had hollow. *seed
~ . '
- i ...11- • ' ~ ',' :iloolTing4Ppinet.. .:.. , ... - ~_„1 • ! • : in tis, di:hi:inert and treacherous. cosicluct. -•- . ,
t , 4.- ,
.1' sratilieliontikalibit. ' -..
..4,. . From the e;•ideiiee idditeed in this Cis., The prisoner hid nothing to urge on his defeat% .
'ai• •sOkr.I2.•IT $4-,141/12timethi IVI*I',-. that the discovery pf itheie criminals- waa+rincip.. x .kir. Ju<tice flan t' hiving summed .api 'the vv..
: illr• 1W leveml-ien.._ tielmn Owing to the. activitis, a Sapwell the Officer,: w opv dente with his %Scared perspicuity, the Jury returned
) ~13. 9,44 .
_. mother of the unfortunate
Allt.,Pin9ose of. ascertaining if he had
, Mg Wowing is theletter which I sent
tscrfrom suspiciOns arising in the detention of Chriatian a Verdict of Guilt of stealing. in a,datelimsOlotue
Walker, at a pawn:broker's, for having offered a .Abnve the valve of 40s. which subjects the pelsoner to
gown to pawn under very doubtful. circumstances, ea ,it4l punis'iment: *„::., - , • . . ..ii ..i.
e ausiiiir, and in went to their lodgings in Angel-Alley, a well-known 'Henri bytule.y, 4 Danish seamaaitaree eapstaßy it-
xis:lll kl. -;-: .• - .111, C°*IVANT R".DEaf rendezvous for thieves. and there found the male pri- dieted fir breaking ppen.the Walla of SameolanV
..!
;.ql 4 km 4." Plymojetb-/kide, Septeiiiber 11. goner, whom he searched, and on whose person he gins, in Church-lane, Whitechapel, and stealing a
