¼'

z

• S.
•

. -- •
month, withollt havie V 4ei y !fair of corinetolsee.
Titidiur wits Pebvisi
.0.. • , and in a gond-state
orferree. 4,
adividba 'tacketii was at Pont-a.Mousson ;
ifiat of York befoie Metz ; tliat :of Kleist be/Ore
Theonville, and that of Langeron before Matz. .
The infantry of this arthy is wholly employed in
the blockade (idle fortresses. o •
r
The rigour of the season, the bad weathers and the
multiplied bivouacs, have increased' the ravages of
disease among the troops, whose health had been
already impaired by the fatigues of the campaign.—
The hospitals in the rear of the army are full, and
the toads are covered with dead horses. The Ppt-
fect and the MaYor of Metz, the Sub-Prefect Ad;
Theonville, and in general all the population of the
Messin, have deserved the praises of the Emperor.
ENTRANCE -MT° SWITZERLAND or THE ARMY OF- Till
PRINCE OF scHWARTZENBERO, COMPOSED OF REIF
TRIANS, RUSSIANS, BAVARIANS), WURECESIEVEGataip
AND itADINERS.
• On the 20th December, the Duke of Bellune had
his head-quarters at Strasburg ; the third corps of
cavalry, with a division of infantry, occupied-Col-
mar, Landab,':Strasburg, Schelestadt. Neubresacb,
and Huninguen, were armed and provisioned. Coup
Rcederer, the Extraordinary Commissioner, anal&
ron de. Bellevile, the Maitre des Requets, had
solved to remain at Strasburg, to animate the as
Lionel guards.
The Army of Schwartzenherg, estimated at one
hundred thousand men, including 15,000 Bavarians,
8000 troops of Wurtemburg, 4.000 of Baden, and the
Russian corps of Wittgenstein, entered Switzerland
on the 2-Ist December. General ‘ Bubna, conimand-
big the advanced guard, marched towards Berne,
and thence to Geneva,- where he arrived on the 28:1x.
This placeewhich is surroundlid with bastions and a
wall,- opened its gates, in consequence of the bad
conduct of the Prefect; the bad disposition of the in-
habitants, the vertigo of the moment. The High
Lords of the Little Council thought the moment fa-
vourable' for the sea-establishment of their aristocracy,
and a proclamation-appeared, signed by them all.
But the democratic party was enraged at this usurp-
ation‘; the Austrian General declared that he would
not interfere in these differences ; that it was a French
e;ty which he occupied in the course of war. The •
High Lords descended from their seats as Sovereigns.
ht the -gird of 24 hours the French municipality re-
sumed its functions and justice continues to be eur-
cised in-the name of the Emperor.
. On the 16th of January there was only a garrison
of 8000 Austrians iu Geneva. The French advso-
ced-posts were within a cannon-shot of the tows.—..
Baron•Finot, Prefect of Mc;at Blanc, bad rapidhijir—
ganized .free corps and the "Levy en masse, the ohls-
atand .of which had been taken by the General of
Divisio t Count Desaix. The territory of Mont Blanc
seemed to be secure. from every attack. Fort Bar-
rea- u was provisioned ; the body of troops of the 'l4oe),
nation it guards, and volunteers, forming arChon.;
Bourg, iccreased• daily, and is already augmented lin•
.13000 men.
The Department 9f the Isere has again distin.
gui: bed itsclt by the patriotism of which it has at all,
Biven proofs. It has risen en masse at the
voice of the Extraordinary Commissioner Count de
St. Villier. General Marchande commands the na-
tional guards add the levy en masse.
On the 16th, there were at Grenoble 15,00 Q nreh.
•
under arms 'k of sixty -- of artillery was

; a part_ piece:
rApidiy Organslthig there. 71'he torresses of Brean-
cop, Fenestrelles, 'and Mont Dauphen, were. provi-
,
blotted.

The Dlpartment of the Drome, which at first
had not *hewn, so much ardour as that of the here,
was puning.itself in motion. The troops of the rule
from Toulon aid Marseilles, and the national guards
of Provence, were owthe march to reinforce the Amy
of Dauphine.

Some troops or General Bubna's advanced guard
having entered the Department of the Ain, had oce
copied Bourg, after having experiecured some resiet;l
..•
ante from the inhabitants.
On the 19th tba enemy's advanced posts were three
leagues from Lions.
The Marshal-Dukeof Castiglione had repaired tO
,Dauphine to rally all the troops, and to march in
force towards Lyons and Geneva. General Mango
occupied Lyons, and was destined to act on the right,
bank of the. Saone. •
The Extraordinary Commissioner Count Char'',
and the Count de Bondy, Prefect of the Rhine, have
done all that could- be expected from them.
inhabitants of Lyons have shewn ardour an 4 patrio.
./
twin. The city being threatened, many families had
withdrawn, ar.d the value of the goods sent to Ito
mountains is estimated at 100 millions of Lyres.

...,,~_

From Bourg Count Bubna has sent light troops is
all directirns filteen hussars appeared before Macon.
There were troops and national guards for the defence
of the town, but the Kayor of Macon and the Mayoni
of St. Laurent betray 4 dis public confidence, sit
fired the bridge over the Saone to be occupied by
of the enemy. • On the 16th the force of the enemy at
Macon was 800 cavalry. This conduct is an indelible
stain for the inhabitants of this town,. and a

contrast

to the heroic devotion of Ch*Os.
A party of the enemy had appeared before this last
place; the Chalonais flew warms; the national guard
of Autin marched to their aid ; the inhabitants of the
Chalonais descended from theft mountains ; four iron

~._-~

,;

:,

, •
•4. Ap, •-• •• •
diliaitCweee drain .frosi` the Crettsot r the brides
woe barricadtd,;.redonbis were constructed, and the
people put themselves in a state of defence. Oa the
18th the enemy had been repulsed in all hit attacks.
Another division of the army of Prince Sthwart•
zeuberr and-radvanced towards Besancon. Cotuit

Marulas had takan the command of the town. Se-
conded by Baron de Bry, Prefect of the poubs, ha
had, in a few days provisioned atansons which WAS,
armed and in a state of defence.
Genera Manilas had sent seeeiipx detUchnsents,
which have surprised and cut in pieces parties of-the
enemy. They estimate at 15 or 16,000 men the
,Austrian troops which are before Besancon, and which
send detachments in all directions.

One of those detachments appeared before Dole
150 cavalry were sufficient to occupy that town ;
having received reinforcements of infantry they ad.
warmed towards Ausonne, but the garrison sallied out,
beat them, and drove them beyond D6le.
The inhabitants of the little town of St. Jean de
Lune hive defended their bridge, and made 11. pri-
soners. A Captain of the enemy's cavalry was kilied
by a blow of a sabre from a superannuated officer who
put himself at the head of the National Guards.
Another corps! iof Prince Schwartzenberg had
marched to Nenaingen, and after having bombarded'
the pla;e far four days, had changed the siege into a
blochade. On the 17th, the accounts from Hunin.
, Scheleatadt, and all- the places on the Rhine,
were perfectlynatistactory.

Some troops of the same armrappeared before Be.
fort, and after having lost 1400 men in an assault
had likewise changed the siegt into a blockade. On
the 16th the news from this place was•satisfactory..
Another corps of the army of Prince Schwartaen-
berg ..had_ marched to Epinal and thence towards
r Nancy. On the 19th its advanced posts were before
Toul. The Duke of Belluno was behind the Meuse,
at Void, occupying Comntercy, atyl communicating
with the Duke of Ragusa.
On the Wth the Duke of Treviso was at Langres.
—He NO before him the corps of 'General Gnilay,
which is also a part of the army of the Prince of
Schwartzenberg. On the 18th and 14th the Duke
of Treviso scut troops againstthe enemy's advanced-
guard, which was 1800 strong ; 300 chasseurg of the
Infantry of the young guard, conducted by some
people of the country, marched at one in the Lurn-
ing
into the rear of the enemy, who had just taken
his arms, attacked him with the bayonets killed 5 or
600 men, and took from him 150 prisoners.
Ou the 19th, in consequence of general arrange.
menu, the Duke of Treviso had taken a position at
Chaumont, where he has been joined by two more
divisions, and by a park of 70 pieces of cannon.
Two battalions of Wurtembergers, coming from
haiing got tot) far, the Duke of Treviso,
after causing them to be cannonaded for ten minutes,
had them attacked with the bayonet by 60 grenadiers
of the guard, who offered emir services. These two
battalions were repulsed try 60 men, and thrown into
the river. Eighty prisoners were taken.
Camps of reserve are forzning at Meaux, at &is-
sone, Chalons, Troyes, and Arefsur Aube. A hun-
dred squadrons of reserve cavalry are forming, at
Meaux and Melun. under the General Of Division
Bordesoult and Pagol.

The National Guards of N9rmandy, Poitiers, and
Brittany are on the march, to reinforce the camps of
Meaux, Soissons and Troyes. A park of 600 pieces
of cannon is collected at Chalons, under General Ruty.

The Mor:-.ent is come when, from all parts of this
vast Empire, the French, who desire speedily to deli-
ver the terrritory of their country, and preserve the
national honour which we 'have received from our'

forefathers, ought to take up arms and march to the
camps, which ate the rendezvous of the brave and
true Frenchmen:

4

The enemy announce that they invade France with
200,000 men. There are 20,u00 in Brabant, 50,000
of the 'Silesian army before Mentz,Sarrelouis, Lux-
embourg, Theonville and Metz ; and 100,000 in the
army of the Prince of Schwartzenberg, which is at
Bourg before Besanson, Huninguen, Schelestadt and
_ •
and on the side of Langres.

.~ - ~.N•

-i,

TIM •1101 - OW ITALY.
The 12th the Vice Rey had his head-quarters at
Verona ; he had a communication with Venice, which
has a numerous garrison; Palma Nova and o.opo
are -provisioned for ten months. Mantua and Leg-
nago the same. The army of the Vice-Roy was
sixty thousand effective men under arms, exclusive
of garrisoits.
The reserve army at Alexandria is 24,000 strong.
This place and the citadel of Turin are completely
armed and provisioned. The army of Italy are going
to put themselves in motion. l'he Coascliption of
1813 is raising in Piedmont, to reinforce the reserve
army at ,Alexandria. The inhabitants of the depart.
ment beyond the Alps %hew the best spirit.

PARIS: JANUARY SO.
anssy OF ~
Tat NORTH,.
'l desertion of eight battalions from the Sd and
4th foreign regiments, and of two battalions of Hal-
Landers, which formed the greater part of the Division
of General Molitor, having left Holland withciut de-
fence, an 4 the Cities of AmsterdaM and the Hague
being in a state of insurrection, General Molitor im-
mediately threw a garrison into Naardon, and Gene-
ral Rampen shut himself up •in Gomm: Troops
*OW also thrown into Bois-le•Duc. liergen.op-sooM
received a garrison of 5000 men, vents succeeding

/

_,,

•
• •
with rapidity, a panic diffused itself among those
who at Antwerp directed the military dispositions;
the evacuation-of the important place of Williamsburg
and that of Breda. were ordered. The enemy pro.
filed by the error, and immediately took possessica
of *ion and Williamstadt, became to hint a point
of support for his disembarkation. General Graham
advantage of it, and landed a cobs= of &kith
ilia, between 4 and 5000 men. In the oracuatiou
Williatnstadt, so gnat was the destructs id, &At
*t powder, the artillery, and a flotilla, the crews of
*which were Altos' atilie sufficient todefend the place,
were left behind: An enquiry has been ordered inn?
Ibis agair. 'The Minister at War immediately
rected General Roper to march upon Breda, a:
endeavour to retake that place, before the ener.4
should be able to provision it, and re-establialt hint
self there firmly.

.

On the 22d December, General Roguet marched
upon the city of Breda, overthrew the advanced post;,
surround it, and threw some howitzers into it : to
had hoped. to 'make himself master of it, when he
learned *ski corps of British bad landed at Thole-,
and was Marching. so place 140 between him 'arid
Antwerp ; he therefore judged it proper It. Opproaci
nearer to that place, and took a position at Hon:.

•

Generaljilaisest was appointed to the command
the first core/Rol the Army of Antwerp': be hastened
to completedarkprovisionag of Bergen-op-Zoom fit
nine months. 'The forts of Bits, Lillootad Lief ker.-
sock, were provisioned. Flushing and Teervier re.
ceived provisions for a year ; Orfiark-the pieces cg tlx
left bank of the Scheldt, asitaseel Hog, and the
forts of the Isle of Cadsase imikiiplilealy

and proiisioned. Gesarttl4 gas Insiskgai
himself in increasing his corps with all the battalion
which had been ceutpleted is the strong places
Flanders.,
On the 14th of January, General Ilsulow debauched

had. I* left oYekt.
*mattes. The brigade Airnard, which formed his
right, occupied Turnhout: it received orders to in.
dine upon Lierre, which prevented it taking part in
affair. A column of the enemy deboucheii by
*her, while another column of twelve battalions
marched upon Wortel. General Rogsset had placed
battalion of the 12th .tirailleurs in the church-yard
Minderhout : this battalion repulsed all the-attacks
if. the enemy, and covered itself with glory. The
of Mier was defended with equal success. The
iusisy redoubled his attacks on all the points of the
*ea, and was ever/ when repulsed with enormous
fuss, and without being able to develops before Hoog-
street* General Roguet having learned in the
evening that a column of 4000 British, under the
command of Sir T. Graham, which had left Roam-
dael,. were marching upon Antwerp, and being igno-
rant of the force of the different corps of the enemy,
which might attack him, judged it necessary to ap-
proach nearer to Antwerp, the better to appreciate
their deploying, and concentrate his defends. He in.
dined upon Wenegeena, wherein supported his right;
his left was connected with the corps from Antwerp,
which occupied Menet' and Deurne.
The 12th passed is making movements and dispe,
sitions to give a good reception to the enemy, who,
after the severe losses he had suffered on the 11th, ad-
vanced with great caution.
On the 13th, at eight in the morning, the corps of
%low debauched by the roads of Braaschel and
Turnhout, while a column of light infantry arrieed
hf the way of Schotenbued to separate general Ro-
gues from the village of Deurne, which was defended
by a brigade of the young guard. At the same mo-
ment the corps of grabens attacked-Mersen, which
was occupied by four battalions of the Ist corps, and
a battalion of labourers of the marine. '
The cannonade began along the whole line, and
the enemy advanced in -force upon Winsgeep ; onr
artillery overwhelmed them ; they made the greatest
efforts, and even saeriftced some soldien to force the
village. General Rogeet advanced. with five .b.
talions, and the enemy was emnplecely repulsed.
The death of the General arßrigade, Avy, had oc-
•casioned a little disorder on ouriket ; a battalion of
the 4th regiment of light infantry distinguished itself
by its firmness, and restored order, The village of
Merzen was occupied by the enemy for a moment.
Our troops rallied on Dome, and soon the enemy w*
every where repulsed. The corps of Bulow retreated
precipitately upon Turnhout, and that of Qtaluin by
the road of Bergen-op-Zoom.

On the 12th, General Maison," deceived by false
accounts, thinking that the enemy was advancing
upon Diest and Louvain, by La Campine, bad taken
with him the brigade 4iward, of the corps of Gena-
ral Roguet, had united it with the division Barrois,
which was in reserve at Lien, and with the cavalry
had advanced in the direction which he presumed the
enemy would take. When he had discovered that
the news he bad received Wll6 false, he acquired the
certaintylbat the victory was decided, and that the
enemy were in full retreat. But for this circumstance,
which deprived us far a rnorneat of part 6f our force,
it would hays been possible, by pursuing the enemy
briskly, to drive him over the Waal, and to raise the
siege of Gone". The enemy's troops in the North
are partly employed in blockading Wesel, Naardtn,
Gorcum, Deventer, and the Helder.
When the brave Admiral Verhuel was informed

~with t
ed upon Hoogstraaten. General Rogue
takAiriA.P.resPh esau•-as Wog.

,

. . .
d the entrance ef the **My kilo Malawi,. he ratiref
to the Helder% antroecupied the-forts of Lim lit and
anct ether foktiged '44U W1;0 44!
tforlaiad,
Helder and MoeidiAe. All piiiislsile-Means kid P.
suasioni had bert' ertiplcified betity !
4:411i • -
duty. " I hive provisaansfipt twpagiolitio, si‘a
answer: " I have til!shisitio*tstApidloOdw..,
Emperor of the Vreikh.l4 4 ;
~44) *lit'
The admirable iyitern
red the Helder lingo attach: ,
Engineers, M. Para t v • 4
If many millions have teen entiAii hive:44,4'
the inestimable advantage .of hohfi theiket.4 the'
guyder Zee. it was for,vrant‘ of .having isian this
precaution that ther Rcintblie of H Haad lost two
squadrons since 1793. The gay,iiim Of the teider
has made several sallies, and'driven the enemy as far
as Alkmaat. The !vellum of Gurentri has likewise,
in several sallies% oteagoned the enemy severe losses.
pARid, litl/t3ARY
The Duke of Vicenist, biinister for f;oreign Aeairs
and Plenipotentiary olhid Majesty Del the Congress,'
has repaired to Chatillon sur Seine; Whereby was to
jective, on the 18th, his patipoiti, to go to the head-
/tuners of the Alried Powers, which we at Dasle
ea the 14th. _
LANGRES, fANURRAP 11:
'the communications between this to** and ear-
sur-Aube are open. .We donut fear the enemy, and
we have forces sufficient td repulse Mm.
There was on 'the 14th a very serious engagatsent
twa le agues from this Unen I .four brave tromps re.

pulsed the eheuty,
The head-tinatteis a eke army of Nancy art at
thalent•sur.Marat. The Intendant General of the
Armies, the Ordonnabelfr, the Combissaries at War,

oil two InipettorcGeneral,pe 41 St-flub:mg:
itttscH FUNDS. ..-
hr- 17 - fr4akf. • T44olits4
16 - 47 -
ag

UII AY, JAMJARY- 28;
Veit OF STOCK THIS DAY IT TWELVE OCLOCK.
edu. iTtiir—Cciits. hic.,94il-4 per Ce.
per P: IMO 16 7.16;b6 , .
iickeirlet ]fills M. 64. pre.--;les4/ 311, tis. pr.
Pam Papetii io the tidies* have-arrived. 'flirt
.1111414(11 thaiil47 iuteltigente, and enable.* to•mo-,
Et the toatants of thrtiext di tele% thamm our
'T.
kiottrevet, Wart that -*hi& the htiiillets
-4Whisisiotil communicated hi hh%ast Diapatchei.

80/untie gibes tit a few 'antiOations on the °cats':
fences in that tjuarat hot tOseroesh7 of his sublime
genius: d Censternailtin lsievaile in' the British
Artriii;=ha Lord WILL-MAW confines his preten.
abuses 1 =end " the mistinderstanding btseeen the Spa-
: nish and British treops appears to inereasesdaily."7:
Such assertions defy criticism--they do not evert
',inishnld the Parisians, for the French Funds fell to.
oit the publication of all; this 46 satisfaetory"
lenience:
Nest its order conies an account of the toilitaiy-
events in Holland equally satisfactory, with thia et.
' eeption, that hot a lofted 'is said of the ve.establish:
meat bf the Pal Nets of the House of Oftanui. The
eat* In that count ri are admitted to he hi a catch- ,
• t;eo td act oo the Oltensive. • •
The entrance into Switeerlanci of the army undir
Printe Ind Of the passage of the
Rhine by the Torte wider Mar3lial BLUcttERt are next
!mice& On the latter intent'' vie ate told MitamoNT
retired 4ild took a PositioiiA the Satre: hfacP6-
sA4ty it is stated, defended-the line of the Rh* to
Nimeglieo) observing theright Marti of Scotia*, ailti
on the 18th had his head-quartets at:Ransur i Vitt
was behind the Mettle at -Void.; MOATIEN eirafa at
Langres 411 the 18th,
.and on the 14th' sent scime
treops against the sid4iced-stiard of -the Allies,
against wheal, lie lestatt Ito have gained smile Ad-
vantage', and chilli*** IS position at Cliaumoht.
—it isiemackatdd; linstweer, that neither pia°, nor
object, nor detail, are stated, to chew that the pro,
glen of the Allies east be • impeded. Petty advan-
tages are bdatted of here and there—fortresses are
stated to be provisioned—the National Guards of
• %Normandy, Peictiers, and Brittany marching to. rein:
-force camps at Miami, Soisons, and Troyes, where-
• and at Chalons and Bar-sur•Aube, reserves are foan-
• jag, and 600 pieces of artillery are Collecting et Chi.'
But all. appears confusion and irresolution--
nothing appearito be done,'- but every thing remain:"
to be done, at least so far as can be learnt from thel
Public Journals. In- the mean time, the Allies ad-:1
Vance in every direction. A party of their troops
aPpeared before Chalons on the leth, hint on the
18th are stated to have been repulsed another part,
of their force was before Auxonne,- where they are
4110 said to have been impulsed 'but .no • details are l
given of either of these affairs. Another division of;
the Allies had marched towards Besancon, 'and they
advanced posts of a corps of Prince Salwastrasak
army were before Zoul.
We earnestly recommend to the perusal of thor
'who rill hope and 'wish for the restoration of Br
PAATE'S fortunes, the aceon"--6- of the '

...imolai-, give _ iiiposi-
lion of the inhabilmis' 040* Jtt Allies ha* ay
•
•

. ,

. . .
. ... . art mPuke. WM dl4l6o3ol"tke
inhibitinel hate bad. diepOlitkins, and 'there is " a
.Irarti,to of the MOrnent." Let us .See hovi, the bfeyort,
.of two place*, in the ittimediate vicinity of _Lyra'
otehaved : • .
.. Oh Vie iiircfi "nt. trik'. ..
opt under C ' 'Oin4
It- , .._ . Otltlc i /6( .
*e aiifoldthatfljeare4fiSeire appeared beforiblacan.,
- . I.
and thottgla tkertmektailsokinaltuardsin the tovin,
the,hiayers of Min& iiiii St. Laurent •betrayed the
`pubNc confidence, . and filtered the bridge over the
Stone to be occupied bfiiiaity of the Akins. MacOn
,ie only 35 miles froni.lll3, and it is not the least
• ,
.extraordinary of the eatiaordinary events of the pre.
vent,tinsessithat such it confession Should be made in
!the Frill& Journals of .the indliefesition of the pen-
' pie to offer lay -resistance en the invaders of their ter!
-,eitOry. That in this quelle**svetiti, there• was ito
'means of effeetuil resistryi. is prove by the ac-
-1
knowledgment of the intimiftiiiit fact, that on the 19th
`the Allied troops. were only there learns front Lyons
- • . ;-, ,
Auoaneau, we are told* AltrghOt. Ilix,l4tiPhilo to
,
rally-troops, and march haetteitowards Lyons and
Geneva, but what force be rOxpettetto'being is
not mentioned, nor is it even hinted that the' :lighten
impediment existed to prent the trintnithal entry of
anAllied force into Lyon,. , . •
Wit the least gratifying part of the ciio4lol:4**.4
' P-aris Papers is the .artieje ie vrhieh are atik...o*
that the worthless QAULAIIICOURriS waiting at 4his:l
tillon, upon the Seine, about of miles from Pnein. 1
until the Allied Sovereigns shall. be pleased to send ,
I him passports, to enable him to open negotiations.—.
We trust, for the Bake of humanity and the glory
lof the "_goodca
cause,"
,that a Pulk of Cossacks 'will,
~,speedily present this execrableseillain' with passports'
for Siberia. We cannOtbelievi that the legitimate
Sovereigns ,pf Europe will buffer such a wretch to
pollute the atmosphere which they breathe, by suffer-
'ing him. to approach within. a-hotidred leagues of
their. sacred persons.
It will be at once seen, from the criffertitt places
mentioned, whielrthe Allies have entered, or before
which they have appeared,. how rapid has been theft
advance into the very heart of France ; and how
feeble must have been the resistance,- tonne* such
rapidity of progress on the part of an hostile army.
Bye what force they are to be opposed in their farther
advance remains hitherto a secret, not a •single hint
[
being given in on jreneh Papers as to the • amount
or positions of any army *Rationed to resist them.

Dispatches hut been received from our Arnhem-
'dor in Spain, Sir H. WRLLISLEY, containing, it is
some information respecting BONAPARTeS nego-
Oatiolt with Report states the circum-,
veinces to be similar to what we yesterday Itid before
our Readers, hitKlit the. name Duke del CARLOS*
mentioped as the aesociator on the part of Faun-
wino, gives the 'Duke de St. CARLOS§

The reported approaching union of the Princess
CEJARLOTTIL with the Hereditary rrince Of UItANGII,
Will, It is said, .be announced to the two Houses of
Parliament on their meeting. Report adds; that, for
the purpose of making the arrangement-satisfactbiy
to the Allies, an article will be introduted into the
;Contract, settling the succession to the Governnieat
of the United States on the tecond son of the Marriage,
Ike?. the, Holland shall'uot at any timebe incorporate&
*ON or Joined to the Crows of Great Britain. l'he
tcitritime preponderance of England, always an ob-
ject •of jealousy to the other powers, would lie so
much increaled by the union Of the two countries,
that this prosision has, it is said, been resolved on,
to. satisfy our northern friends;*
mid Lord CASTLE-
.... .
hgN it is added, been instructed to- announce
.detetnnittation:
obvious, and a !nose iMpoitant question will
arise on the event of this unioo, which in every.view
is Most interesting to England as well as Holland.--f
Will oar PRINCESS, Who is the presumptive heir to
the Crown, be taken across thetas, to reside in Hob
land with her husband, or wilt the Patecit reside with
her itt England t This is a question *Nish we Ali.
sun* must-be settled in Parliament ; for the Penstasi
ought, in the present state of our •Royal Family, to
"be placed under the same safeguards is the Heir Apt
parent tb the Throne now is ; and he cannot go
abroad without the consent of the KING and Privy
council. Alarming Cortiequencei might be conceived
possible, if Our PRlNcess.Were left nnprotected by OW
own lawhand made subject to the condition of a - •
married Ladies, to be taken abrdad at pleasured ,
•
The Duke of Cumillattaltlll it fusing a aquadto
`of Volunteer Hussars in Hanover. The etpence of
its equipment is estimated 4't 20,0(X) dollars: he hey
himself contributed 8i 000 Ile:ling ;4—the ehainbtrd
lain Count Van Scuivictisu.ur, subscribed -,E50
each of she Ministers, £2O;--several private indivi
duals, front ift to $ll-0 p—and the itwish congrega,
tion fifty pair of pistols.
Ptepatathns have been made an a large to to
enable Sir A. Coennanz to take with trim a *eft*,
large force,. both naval aqd military. Sir Atzawx;.
Lan talus with him about 4000 marines, ander thel
•basmediate command of Major thendis,ot that corps,'
Ate suing meritorious piker who so gallantly con-
-ducted himself at the Island of Anholt, and who "rat
:attrrwards :selected for a
tie
and important
;duty in Stralsund, under Ole Prittee of Swtt
!I*,igs Sit ALSAANDXS *trill alb take with hiin a sonny'
)iody of ,riilenien, bettering. artillery, Congreve
rockets, Shrapnel shells, with all the ammunition, &c.
laeoalsaiT to give Jett to theta kogines of destruction.
'Piero is no truth in the report of Lord COCKRANZ
'Wei appointed to a tabmand oak/ his uncle, Sir'
VGIWILUtio

s

v

.

.

'• - •

. #

. '

~

WT h PAPVPiC

•

•
. •
We )laie **ea a supply of Diitth P4tri tette
25th instant. The innottice the surrender it Dant-
i,zit jiiscretion; .On the 2d 01 January,. sid the
march chile garrison at prisoneis of war into Ntlisli.
The inteligence from ilolland itself is equalligri,
tifying. Great Preparations are making to iittach
Antwerp in forfl, and great .bodiis of Cob Sacks; ion-
tinue'pouring into France. Their conduct islatost
efeMplary; iii tyre do not come to make wit. ippon
the inhabitantir7 the unhappy engines of BoaapiliTai's
despotism are alone the suieters.—This is as it
should be.

".HAGUE, JANUARY W.
a We have reCei'Ved theimportant intelligence that
the strong fortress of Dentiic, after having been be.
sieged a year all but itst dais, at last capitulated on
the 2d instant. The which at first was
30,000 strong, but wakdirrentished one 'half by ma-
lignant fevers, the-effectiof the coid:and miseries en=
.
inured in the flight from 'Russia, 'remain prisoners of
Sear, and will be sent tb'Ressia; the exception
of the Dutch, WhO are-
gun their war to. their own
iituatry, and,of whoniiiel'Offlcers have already ar
riitif here. The quantity of Cannon, muskets, and
*Okla ot,igUltaii stories fOtind, is astonishingly
great..raPeaCe-having been concluded with Denmark, I
we learn front undoubted authority that the Crown'
Prince of Sweden is on his match tOwards Dusseldorf:,
lihr hal of 40,000 men.--fridirlaidsche Staats:
esikWfor•i
* JO a iforirier Courant, under tbe he id of di Paris,
lantiary 4," W(oommunicated the Impefial Decree,'
• y inisleh the Legislative -Body was dissolved, at the
same time mentiordng the probable reasons of this'
itanitsion. We bait ilitte received further ebner-
. • atiOn of them, with this addition, that the kepori of
the'Committee of the.Legiblative Body, with regaid;
to the documents communicated to them on the
of nericiatf*, ins of such a pacific complexion;
hid 'so strain recommended the acceptance of the,
P.4omane, Prepaseci by the Allies, that the Ent.'
.-
- or, in a furious rage, ordered the printed copies
Of the Report to he destmed. This violent conduct
had excited universal indignation, and the wish to be
t last delivered frpmshsitshing yoke of slavery
was beCome very general.... kfipirettions hid already
broken.out in torte ortile;tiartberikpirts of France,
as.Wvpil as in Artois and :Picaidy.
i.Froin Breda, we learn that a requisition had
been made for 700 holies to draw the British artil-
lery, whence it is concluded that the besieging of *e'
forfesses is to ke set abotit in earnest.
• • ,IDUSBELIVRF, JANUARY 13. -
"s Ittissistntrtois. 4iontinue to cross the Rhine without

LtOlting. The Cossacks of the corps of Czernitcheff,
which crossed the Rhine, have advanced to Gulik
and Lennep.
.• In Neuss there are a great number of Russian
' troops,. and General Czernitchers htad-quarters
,are there.

" Upon the entiance of the Allied trbops into Co:
blentz, where almost all the houses were illuminated,
' some hundreds of-armed French, lyeiides those in the
t hospital, fell into their hands. The Cossacks brought
the Purim of Coblentz acid the French General
Guerin into Simmeren, after having taken from the
General 150,000 francs, which he was carrying off
tibm the former place.
" In Andernach tb eosaacks seized the post-wag-
gon and 80,000 fruit% destined for the French im-
perial chest, but all the'.ether property they letpass.”

" 'ARNHEIM, JANUARY 19.
of The passage of troops of all arms, as well as of
artillerk aittl ammunition, still continues. To-day
the corps% of the Russian General Benkendorf crossed
the Rhinei while the great force assembled at Dus-
seldorf crossed the same river between that ton/Wand

Emmerick."
arYDEN,
41 Fitni 1300 vie learn; that on the 17th instant,
20 pieces of drtillery. arrived theie g end: on the fol.
'l9 ddy Wilvere foiwarded to Dordrecht, from
trili Intent- tollesterk, to be mounted
. battaierstgainst Gomm. They art accom.
psylid by eetween 12 and 1500 Prussians, -betonging
'the corps of General Bulow, who art no longer
-Sell mid' to be vigaged before Antwerp..
a The numbers/ prisoners taken in the late affair
S or WA ittristiing about 200 taken by the
army. In addition eo these prisoners; 70 have
d at Hooptreaten; taken by the Cossacks ill.
t direction of Artttdenck3 .The enemy had fled in
t direction on being driven by General Borstell ,
M Turnhout. The report of the Cossacks is, also,
t.theY have killed a great number.
.:!!!"- By the last leteers, Gene* Tuben remained
"Ith .5 or 6000 men at Mortem; • '
eg Genertlaorssell was at West Mane and 4t.
tonics, with,several thousand Prussians- and Bridih'
in advance at Capella; on the great road from Ztin.
hurt to Antwerp. The. British. troops are to Move,
to Heykam to prevent the passegeof the French on
the road to Hoogstraaten, which is yet free.
" There are likewise 5000 Prussians. at Brescaat
dtd Ecinriem
"'Mere are a fets;•allied troops posted in the Du-
Immo, only three quarters of a mile from the wells',
of Mtwerp. Thu, it appears that the Allies are
Isurrounding Antwerp and although the communi
cation of the enemy wide Flanders is not yet cut off,
he cannot long possess , -
" The British head-quarters are still at Rosendael,
but-they are to be moved Tore to the southward, to
War Wesel or Putte. This last place is between
Bergen-otZoom indAntwervi

-

.•

•

I

I._

.

All the Malls-due this Morning have arrived. eso
cept the following :--Bathe iSiirninghlini,, Bristol,
Cgmbridgei teeter, tdinbinth,Cllsigow. biorwieb,
ItiegtMerket; ilh*Abirri /hid and the
Tstunton.--'11lie; Mint rifinsintli of th 4 Sikh
find
25th liter. kesidirki
immtsit INL •
‘Lisne in the Pruisian galS?e, !or* ettifigi-iiswgs
4sialireotyvoy of his Istejesty'i ihijo Rematr, bound
`l'6 !AVON *but pirietl in a lei}, *le, *rind most utz-
'load: pre Resotiree;kLalN, fristaiminn' ior Lis-
,bon was distnaited off the We.:letti Wands; to the
IStb of December ; and oil the 90. h hist; was bond;
ed by his Majesty's ship Ptetsibest. The Prince
Ernest picket, witt Mani. lot Lisbon, is gofie itttttq
the Roatit.—Mitt it E. ‘
fitttifiiiir ore.
. ,
Cathie in, the BV''LLA sloop of war fro& •Xlart•
mouth, with a hew sleep of war Svatis.ta
from Neerfotindhid; and Adamant traassOii
;.Mellon.—Wind East. . .
k I
PORTSMOUTH, JANUARY Ili: •
Arrived the Nancy and Peace, from Duldlet
pinvisions, and the Derwent froth Sunderland:. Alo
Majesty's ships Etitigol.t. from the Jarftifigt 1101tioiy
and the VP.KVs totn St. George's Charnel' and the
'Leeward Islands. Salmi the RINALDo with. a fleet
'for the Dooms. Caine into harboni the Attinamatiet
store drip, and the Swat cuttcr.—Wind &W.
f3EAL, JANUARY Qt.• '
Arrived the Sceptre transport, witli
. d~etae~ti~eais
if the 90th and ifist Regiments, frorn Guernsey for
Ittihad ; and a fleet of coasters and colliers; eschi
coalpy, front Portsinooth, Whithare sailed kg the
.River, accer:-The vie) mentioned yeSterday stand-
ing in (Mn the Freda coast for the Dooms, was t
tio Doielt, etiiployed front thence to "
&idea as a tatitt-ratio S.W;

I •

1 • • '
tie report of ilia arrival at Dover of a Flag of
';fruCe from Fi-anci, is satisfactorily accounted for,
* the following letter, received this morning
Dovra; Istittot* it.
" The Elizabeth cartel, Captain-HAywAns) totth
French prisoners from Chathara, arrived in our Roads
On Tiresd4y, and during the night the prisoners cut
ber cable, and talking on themseftes the rrraasgement
,of.the vessel), ran her over into Calais Roadi yester-
day morning; and having remained there for iothe
hears, mrd. no boat coming off to tile vessel front the
shore, they permitted the Master to steer back again
to tie English c.o.*, and came in heta-this
ing; Threat,' was bound for Morlail, which is the
only port the resent French Government will perrait
prisoners to tie tided alt frate-this con:l6Y."
•• • ••• • • II; •

tie feel much pleasure in snmouncing the *rritral
of the Baaossa frigate at Portsmouth, froM thelVest
fndies, with dollars, ninounting, it is said, to half
* sterling.

BY a Vessel front the West Indies, after a long sus-
pension of intelligence, we have, througb Coracles,
some advices from the Spanish Main. General Do.
LIVAR is pardenlarly stated to have returned to Ca-
recces, but whether his troops have eireivated Va•
lencia, or still retained poisession of that plice, is not
ascertained.. The division under Colonef•Cevatt.os,
Whith marched from Coro, was, on the lath October,
within sever, leagues of Vakpcia.
General Moursvaanx, in consequence of a wound
e bas received, has resigned the command of the
troopS in Venezuela pro ternpore to Colonel SOLOMON ;
and on this occasion, the latter published a spirited
Address to the inhabitants of that extensive province,
in Vf ich he points out the advantages of the Govern..
ment of the parent State, the increasing strength of
the adherents of the mother-country, and the policy
of submitting implicitly to her authority, for the re-
storation of order, tranquillity, and happiness.
• We also learn from a paragraph in the Bermuda
Paper of the 18th ultimo, that some further steps
have been taken with regard to the blockade of the
American ports. This Paper contains another Pro-
clamation of• Sir J. B. WARREN, stating the full par-
Ceulars of the,kcharacter and extent of thi; blockade
of the American ports to the south of Rhode bland;
and to prevent the possibility of mistake or evasion,
eve!, harbour is named subject to this reitrietion.
: •Mutacta.oiis Escars.---.Yeaterity mottling, be-
Eileen two and three o'clock, the family of Mr.
MAYSON. a_grocer, i* Woolwich, were most seriously
Assured if-the upper part of the hoose.giving way,
'inuousequence, asis supposed, of a 'quantity of snow
hieing penetrated through the tiles upon the cieling,
.erhicia, on dissoltiig, forced the cieling down, and
'falling with great pressereinto an empty attic, roused
:the whole of the family : the water continuing to find
i.t way still further, obliged them to leave the pre-
miser; srhichthey had scarcer doite, befiire the end
wall gave way, and the roof lei! with such force,
Mat the whole hcuse came, alnwat level with the
ground.
letne.4--This mrning, bt.tween six and sesta
o'clock, a fire broke out at the residence of Mr.
MARNYirta in-Peck-ham. It was Occasioned by the
pfooluess of a chigney in the coaJonan't apartments,
which Wall situated over the stables and the coach-
house, in the latter, of which were two handsbmts
carriages, and ate ,re the flames could be impeded,
they, with the link property the coachman w.,s ptrs-
.sessed of, as well two quantity of hay and coos, were
totally destroyed. The. wife of the coachman, who
had lain-in but a few days, most miraculously eseaperii
with her Hole infant, from falling victims. to its de-
strnction.
General THAW having superseded Genet 's% Emir,
in the command of the road*, every thing may now
be expeeted to go pwimrninsly on.

COIOII.6I.4RIEST, MAKK-LANE, JAN et.
O, Me. ket rrms ns in Mr same state as for some timer . •
every thing nominal s but as Maeda, the hilaikt t 4 its a, v.,
half', tor !minas.. vskett grim iitetatiotr ale aspecisst.

genius; uonsternation prevails in the
Arsti;=ii Lord Watt:narrow confines his
suns l =end " the sunderstanding between
, I wish-arid British tideps appears to increased,
Stich assertions defy critieism—Tchey do n
''inislintd the Parisians, for the French Fund
AN on the publication of all; this a satisfaet
tellighnee:
•
Neat hi order conies an account of the
events in Holland equally satisfactory, with
• teption, that hot a word is said of the 'tee
meat bf the Patxces of die Roust of OILANGI
eaerki in that eonntri doe adusitted to be in.
• ;ion td stet oo the Oltensive. • •
The entrant* into Switherlanci of the airr
Printe SCR*AltUitillEßG, Ind Of the passag
Rhine by the Force under Marshal BLUcliEflt
noticed. Oa the latter latent'' vie ate told M
retired dral took a positioii.A the Sarre;
sauy it It stated, defended-thi line of the I
Isrunegtien, observing theright SLUCI
on the 18th had his head-quartets at:Ransui
was behind the Meuse at :Void.; MOBTII2I
Langres 0111 the 13eb, aid on Olt Z4th' sea
troops against the Si4iticed.ptard of -du
against wherist .4•4‘sttlito have gained sl
vantage', and chilli:4Weu position at Ch.
issielnachablk. hover:ter, that neither p
object, not detail, are stated, to thew that
• dress of the Allies ran be • impeded. Pet:
tages are heated of here and there—forth
stated to be provisioned—the National 01
• %Normandy, Peictiers, and Brittany marching
-force camps at Meaux, Soisons, and Troye
• • and at Chalons and Bar-sur•Aube, reserves a
ing, and 600 pieces of artillery are eolletting
But :all, appears confusion and irreso
nothing appearito be done,'- Wet every thing
to he done, at least so far as can be learnt I
Public Journals. In- the mean time, the
11°. Vance in every direction. A party of the
appeared before Chalons on the loth, her
18th are stated to have been repulsed anot
• of their force was before Auxonne,- where
,also said to have been, impulsed 'but .no •de
•' • given of either of these affairs. Another di
the Allies had marched towards Besancon,
advanced posts •of a corps of Prince Scum
seat's army were before Zoul.
We earnestly recommend to the perusal
'oho rill hope and 'wish for the restoration
',Aftre's fortunes, the account- he gives of th
tion of the inhabittsmi isilester-abt,A4lo]
••
• -
, , •

if) - -
20 . - U
21 - PS
T E E. E ST
J.:ONDON4 .

•
• • ,`

A
