~J

N°• 13,459.

TUrSDAV EVFNING. APitii, 27, 1F134).

gcrine station. with an officer bearing despatches foe the commander
of the blockade. It was at tiro thought that there was twine idea of
an arrangemem ; but the officers who hare since arrived front earls
affirm that no arrangement will take place. that M. de Hourmont is
determined to become a Marshal of France, and the Ministry will
risk the enterprise. It is now known that the despatches which
were sent out contained imperative orders to explore the coast, and
to keep up very strictly the blockade of Algiers, and pattictilarly to
prevent English vessels laden with ammunition from enuring the
port.
It appears to be certain that Spain has refused to allow a depot
for stores, and for the reception of the sick. to be established at
Carthagcna. It is said that it is to be established at Mahon. but
the Spaniards aho are in this town do not believe it, and think,
that if a depot is at all authorized, it will be at Ivies, and that the
pretended portable houses which are embarking in this port, s ill be
made use of in that island.—National.
FRENCH FUNDS—Aran U.

Five per Cents. 105/. 2.5 c. 90e. 93e. 90c, 9(le.
Four per Cents. 1011. 40c.
Three per Cents. 83f. 8.3 c. 80c. 83c. 80e.
Bank Stock. 1,910 f.
Rentes de Naples, 95f. 70e. 75e.
Rentes d'Espagne. 181 19 191 4 1 1 191 19 18:.
Royal Spanish Loan, 901.
Reines Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 811 82 114 i i S i 821.
Haytian Loan, 540 f. 5371. 50c.,
Exchange on London.—One month (paper), 951. Goc —Three
months (paper) 25f. 45c.—Coors Authentique.

WASTE OE PUBLIC MONEY AT SIERRA

LEONE.

The exposures which have been recently made of the
failure of this colony, both in the philanthropical and commercial
purposes for which it was established, and the enormous and fruit-
I less expenditure which it has imposed upon England. appear to have
occasioned no little irritation in that party, under whose auspices it
originated, and who have for so many years annually puhli•hed
flourishing accounts of its prosperity and sticaess.•
They seem to have been so patticularly annoyed with the publi-
cation of a document in the 28th number of the " West Indian Re-
porter," which exhibited the details of the annual coat of this de
*tractive settlement, that the editor of their " Anti-Slavery Reporter"
has been rash enough to denounce it as a forgery. To this accusa-
tion the " West Indian Reporter" has published a reply, front
which we make the following extracts, not only as confirmatory of
its compiler's veracity, but also as elucidating a point of no ordinary
national importance, at a period when retrenchment in every part of
the public finances is so urgently demanded.
In the last. number of the " Anti-Slavery Reporter" we find
what the editor is pleased to cull an " Authentic Account of Sierra
Leone, with Reasons for not abandoning it." This account we
shall hereafter examine ; at present our business is with the follow-
ing paragraph
By way of set-off to our statement of the cost of slavery (No.
874 the editors have given us what they call' an unpublished ofti.
cial document,' made up to the end of P 126, of the cost of Sierra
Leone. This unpublished official doesiment' we believe to' be no.
thing more than such a modification of those mendacious statements
of Blackwood, which have been already so effectually exposed a
they think die public will swallow. If the document they speak of be
in ,existence, why do not they produce its We do not believe that
any such document exist*. Indeed it bears on its front the charac-
ters of forgery. And yet it is honed as an official document, under
the sanction of the West India Committee. A farther presumption
of the fabricated chatacter of this pretended document may be drawn
from the last number of the Quarterly Review."
To this charge the " West-Indian Reporter" replies— -
" Let the reader understand that this mendacious statement,'
which bears on its front the characters of forgery,' is a Parliamen.
tary Paper, No. 176 of the. Papers presented to the Finance Com.
niittee, printed for the use of that Committee, and is the identical
paper which Sir Henry Parnell, the Chairman, refers to in the fol.
lowing passage from his work un Financial Reform :
" The great sum of five millions seven hundred thousand pounds
has already been expended in carrying into effect the measures of
Government, or co-operating with other countries, for putting down
Idle slave trade ; and the annual current expense amounts to near'
400,0001. But the attempt appears to have altogether failed. The
frnvernments of France, Spain, and Portugal, according to the Par.
liamentary Papers, make no efliirts whatever, to enforce the laws for
putting down the traffic ; and the persons in authority in Cuba and
Brazil not only neglect to execute the laws, but in some cases have
been engaged in it themselves ; so that our treaties and laws, where
such parties are concerned, are so much waste paper ; and spend-
ing money to try to give effect to them is a perfect folly. The Afri.
can Institution say, in their' oth report, The slave trade has in.
creased during the last year ; and, notwithstanding the number of
prises taken. it continues to rage with unabated fury.' Surely
here are sufficient reasons for saving the 400,0001. a-year now ex.
pended to so little purpose.' "
Our statement we reprint.
" The expense of Sierra Leone had been, from 1807 to 1824, in.
elusive, as follows :
Payments to the Company previous to the transfer of
Settlement 2117,700
Army • • • • •• 781.781
Navy •1•
Ordnance • • 188.178
Civil Establishment . .... .
Public Buildings 289,121
Captured liberated Africans .... 333,028
Other charges not included ........

Z 2,238,3.111
Same expense. in 1023........... 179,813
Do. 18211 182,567
1827 150,000
Average 1828 150,000
18t9 . 150,000

23,060,631
" The other charges incurred by the country for the abolition of
the slave trade, up to the end of 1824, are as fialow :
" Naval expenditure, solely employed in slave trade 1,690482
" Payments on account of captured negroes at all
other stations except Sierra Leone.....
" Bounty on captured negroes. 533,386
" Payment to Spain and Portugal, apd debts re-
mitted 1,023,004
" Commissioners for preventing illegal traffic in
slaves • •• • • • . ..... 172,960
" Commission for inquiring into state of captured _ _

agrees
" Office of Registrar.... .. .. .... 8,950
" I,tdemnificatioa to captors of the Disculer 6,740
---.—....
•13.0611 AR
In 182:,
In 1826 ..
1827 .........,
Average./ 1101 . .
1829

Z 4,192,807
" These two accounts are taken from an unpublished official'
document, made up to the end of the year WA ; considerable sum
have been since voted, but, as it is difficult to separate from the
military and naval Parliamentary accounts those which relate to du
slave trade, and Sierra Leone exclusively, a mot.erate average is
given fur the three subsequent years.
" The result of these accounts then appears that atis country has,
in the abolition of the slave trade, paid se follaws :
For Sierra Leone.....

Foe flue mixed Counni,,sioux, ke - 'llO7

Vrom the above statement it will be seen that the yes in-
dian Kepner" hu must satisfactorily refuted the rash T
e,ecu w
sat
ri,,llli"
ion
brought against him by his antagonist. Without entering into the
I merits of the other questions at issue between these belligerents, the
1 fact elicited by this dispute has bean establialud beyond the.possi- 1
bilks of doubt. The useless colony of ttierra beans is maintained
at the annual expense of 1150,0001 I and the other establishuseate
for the abolition of slavery cost the country wry nearly sw Atal&
These am not times when Parliament will emotion thi! egOOPOSON__ _
...,
Of 1 slum which entails upon the tesitntry an opeagpled ettplimllle
ture of MAP& Fir annual. . "
•r Vow iheoppows erthhaillicce.bilihadol. Phi* .

GERM. Y PA PERS.

WARTEIAW. Aran. 11.

nucl: 71).

The following proclamation has just en pit'alishatd her: :
Lxtract from the Protocol of the Department of the Secretar► of
State of the Kiukkun of Poland.
• fly the grace of 000, we Nicholas I Emperor of all the Rus-
sia*, King of Poland, &c. &c. and to all whom it tray concern:
• Considering the articles M and 87 of the Constitutiot: of the
kingdom of Poland, and also articles 90, 91. and 93 of the organic
law relative to the assembling of the Diet, we have tesolved to as.
vemble the two Uhronhcrs in our capital city of Warsaw.
The sittings of these Chambers will commence on the IGur (20101
of May, and be closed on the 16th (AO t of June.
The Deputies must, however, be iw the capital .even days before
the opening of the Diet, In order to prove before the Senate the vali.
dity of their election.
The Senators of the kingdom of Poland will accordingly as.
temble in the capital at the same time.
• !senators tied Dquties,—Twelve years have now pasted since
the immortal restorer of your country assembled you for the first
time about !fa throne, in order to put you in possession of the most
valuable of the privileges given to you
• As, together with his sceptre, his attachment to you ha. alto been
transmitted to us, you are now convoked by us for the same purpose. ,
• By the experience of three Diets you have horned both the
object of your exertions, and what you have to avoid. i'xperince
has shown the advantage of calm deliberation and the injurious
elrects of disunion. You will not starer this exp-rience tube thrown
away.

then fore do not doubt that. in your deliberations, you will
attend to the public welfare with the came zeal that has always
animated you. and this with the same spirit of order and unanimity
which distiugui•htd the proceedings of your last Session.
We assure sou of unr Royal favour, aid recommend volt to the
protection of (ion.
6 Given at St. Petersburgh, 2.5 th Nlatch (11-11 April), MO. the
sth year of our reign.' N I C 1101. A S.'
'their Imperial Majesties are expected here about the 20th inst.
News was brought yesterday, by express from Cracow that the
Vistula had Hun very considerably near that city.
FRANKFORT, Arun. 17.

We have received to-day some numbers of the Courier dc /a
Grtece, with accounts to the 13th of 3larch. They are filled with
proclamations of the President relative to the internal administra.
Lion of the country, and contain no indication of a possible change
of the Government. Amon; the decres of the President there is
only one of importance which fixes the duration of the national
bank for five years, which mite in 1t,35. At the expiration of
that time the shareholders are to be repaid. unless they prefer leek.
ing new shares, and then the entire establishment shall be re-mo-
delled on such principles as may be found consistent with eircum.
stances and the progress of commerce. The interest remains fixed
at 8 per cent. payable annually on the Ist of April. The number
of shares amounts to 6,472, at LOP phenixes each, or in 3,236,000
pheaixes. The administration of the affairs of the bank is placed
under three directors, one chosen by the Government, the two others
by the shareholders.
The Courier speaks with much gratitude of the continuance of
the benefits which the King of Bavaria corrects upon Greece. Of
the young Greeks who have been educated at Munich, two (the
brothers Riao) having completed their studies in the corps of cadets
at Munich, and risen to therank of lieutenants, have returned home,
to exchange the Bavarian uniform for that of their own country.
On this occasion Professor Thierscit, rector of the university, has
sent word to the President, that the Greek committee of that city
was going to found, with his Majesty's consent, a free scholarship
in the royal corps of cadets for a young Greek, to be selected by the
Greek government.—Proakfort Papers, April 19.

131 PER 1A IA PA It lAAMENT.

!LOUSE OF LORDS-MONDAY.

The house met to.day pursuant to adjournment.
At half-past three there wus a commission to give the royal as.
sent to the East Retford Witnesses Indemnity Bill, and three
private bills. The commissioners were the Archbishop of CAN.
TERBVIIY, the boau CHANTcr.Lott, and the Earl of SHATTES.
III:RY.

_
At fire o'clock there was a full attendance of peers, among whom
were the Dukes of SUSSEX and CuMBERLAND.

The Earl of DERBY presented a petition from the borough of
Preston, in favour of a rue trade in India and China.
Some private bills on the table were read a third time and
passed.
The Duke of BEAUFORT presented two petitions, the subject
of which was not heard below the bar.

The Earl of CASSHAS presented two petitions from the ha
rough of Ayr, for throwing open the trade to India and China.
The Earl of ELDON presented a petition from Ilaverfurdwest
and Monmouth, against any alteration it. the Welch Judicature (as
was understood.)
The Farl of ESSEX presented a petition from the Irish Mining
Company, praying for a bounty on lead.
The Earl of HAHEWOOD presented a petition Intm Hull
against the renewal of the Fast India Company's Charter. The
noble earl likewise presented several petitions from places in the
West Riding of Yorkshire, praying the removal of the Abe:es to
Wakefield for that riding.
The Duke of NORFOLK presented a similar petition from a
place in the West !tiding of Yorkshire.
Lord NAPIER presented a petition from Dumfries (as was ur..
destood,) pray lug for a free trade to India and China.
Viscount NIELV LLB presented • petition from Edinburgh
against the additional duty on spirits.
The Earl of MALNESBURY moved fur a series of returns of
spirits distilled from corn and sugar, for the four years preceding
the 5:1) January, 11128, and the four years proceeding the 6th Ja-
nuary, 1100, showing the average of those two periods. The noble
earl wait aware of the great distress which pressed upon the West
India burred, and was desirous of seeing it alleviated, if it could be
Clone without injury to other classes of his majesty's subjects. Now
the "imposed duty of a shilling a gallon on British corn spirits was
one, he conceived, which was likely to prove injurious to distillers ;
and he was not sure whether it would not tend to increase smug.
gling. The increase. duty was at the rate of 14 per cent. He
wished, if that duty were to be imposed, that a similar one should be
put upon rum ; that both might be placed on the saute footing. He
was not, however, anxious of seeing the consumption of .pirits in.
creasing, but the contrary, bring persuaded that it was much mare '
beneficial to the country, and more wholesome for the industrious
dames to drink malt liquor.
land HOLLAND observed that it was not the flexile of the
West India proprietors to have the duty imposed on British spirits ;
and be much doubted whether the revenue would be benekted in the
manner anticipated.
After a few farther observations from the Earl of 111A1,31ES.
BURY, the returns wee ordered.
' Mr. By aa sr., and other members of the House of Commons,
brought up three private bills.
Mr. Bull, from the Journal Offise of the House of Com.
' maws, presented at the bar a copy of the minutes of evidence,
pad other papers, relative to the .East Rafted IN.franeldsensent

Mr. Crafer, foim the 'Treasury, presented at the bar certain re-
turns of silky and gloves Imported and ca ported.
Mr. Preston, from the India House, presented at the bar an se-
eming of thr charges incurred at Canton on account of chipping, &c.
Lord DUNIIAII, when presenting a petition from Neweaade.
upon-Tree. in favour of a free trade to India and Chins, raid, he
oaderntotid it way the intention of his majest)'y minion» to ream,
the East India Company** charter.
Lord 1:11.1.1iN8OltOUGli denied that such an intererce as that
drawn by the noble baron could be entertained in consequrnee of
what bad fallen front him (load Ellenborough), or any a his ma.
jesty's ministers.
lord DURHAM way glad to hear such a declaration, and hopyd
that it would be borne out by the fact. The noble ford then pre-
sented simile petitions from Darlington and another place.
'the Ear lof bIOU Nre sHi la. catuted a petition from NV
individual who had been t doyens! oilman Catholic priest. and had
now become a Ptotesinto' praying their lordships to gnat him a.
stipend. similar to that whkh had WPM granted to pansy* vitality&
la a dallier auntie,. The noble earl said that, by the law of •th •
' land, the petitioner, who had been a Roman Catholic price; and
had now harem a believer ia the Protestant religious, was, apse
Alas, a clergyman of the chinch of Ragland. . . .
The F. 04 of LiiikaticK did not riot to oiltorw the Plumb.

. .. .
20 ..Ver -.. :.,.
/1 /4
oi 4 4
.7(, C. ;
.. - . .
1.1. _,• . . . . . .
.4
/ - • i'...,1 taigs
' .1.•.“1:., )..„--, P.,. . %-••
,-% ,- c, ~,.:4
t•-:.\ o';,S -•- '
•-• .. 54,,..1 h ~7x:,
I 'ion of the petittuo, but to deprecate die system of bri , .... 1*
gio ;to change their relin. He koew in animal Cana ahlin ' • ,4 " s
under his owa experience, and it war not earlisotied, 0:4, the pat -
ties whet had sb.tudoird the tenet, of the, litoman C :,',:fiV cl urch,
sad embraced those of the Protestant chum*, were 111:•ef:, of had
character.
The Fad of Mt ILSTCAztlif.l. said, from hi. est. fat isle lg.:,
he could state dist the Catholic Priests et mass, pat torte., 't;c Irtlard
received Mi. 030 M. a year : that they had s largt4 it i.re :hau .
the Protestant Clergymen; it was not, therefore.. ver-i1.11'...1y ilea:
the Peewits would abstalon tl.it sum for the sake of Vut. at-yrA7.
which the Act MAttne provided, salsas limo costscact•tit'r ~,Itt.tin::.
Fur his own part he disclaimed any intention or de.i:e 1.:1nt1.:A.,'
them to change their religion.
Lord NOMA ND considered the petition quite iret;Ail..r : 11. •
' prayer was to ask the house to rote Is saw td money. it :1 e nesA
lora, or other noblelords, wished to patronise this merliorili s ..:1%.
of persona, they had it it, their power to du so, by bet ii. I: i; e :at t
them the tedvowsons which they had in their gilt. At the :41!,gt.,10.1
of land Holland the petition was read at length.
Ants: a few observations from the Lai of Ittltinf.VN, a! u 5i.... •
agaiust its admission on account of its itregularity.
rile Earl of 1110UNTCASII Eli withdrew it. •
• . alitICH ESTABLISHMENT.

The Earl sit 1110UNTCASHEL gave notice that on Ti. -Oa,
(this day week) he should mune a petition., from Cork. on list out
Church retirin . • and on the same evening h: should submit a too.
tioo to their Lordships to request his Majesty to &mono a Gm:mis-
sion to inquire into the ( hutch discipline.
The Marquis of WIND( oNDI.III. wished to buoy wlsotht r the
motion was intended to include the Imglislo Ghoul., or toi4y th •
Irish Church istalolisliment ?
.."'
The Kati of ItIOUNTCAsIIEL was understood to say 0: t:
tion would embtace both.
EAST RETFOND DI3VRANCHISE.III'I47 BILL.
The Marquis of SALISBURY moo td the outer of the d..)
calling In Counsel on the East Retitled Disfranchisement Bill.
lord DURHAM thought the principle of the bill should be dis .
cussed before evidence was gone vile.
The llarquis of SALISBURY Mid that the course which 1..•
had prowled was the one acted upon by the House in similar caws.
The evidence might possibly be of such a description that osuo t
not entitle him to tail upon the House to adopt the notastar.
The Earl of ROSSLYN observed that in all bills of that desaip-
lion the evidence was gone into before the second reading was pro-
posed. precisely the cows,: now suggested with resit, et :u (toe hi::
before die house. The first step nut be to prove the pa.sutitide or
the bill. The corruption of the borough was the groccd tor ti!,_
franchising it ; and this inmt he prsvcd bowie the :•ceunti rtaltc4,
could be proposed.
Lord DURHAM raid, uodersmndicg the: the qu. sun was r. t
now fttr the second reading, but for Counsel in support of the pr. -
amble of the Bill, he should not Air a.:) fesrth:r opposition on tints
point.
_ _

enitinwl were titer•. eallA in. In saprr- of tLe hill tlle 1101-ini• -
able 51r. Law and Alr. Price appeared at the t tr; and for the p.•
tioners against the bill, 3lr. Adam, Alr Alll.l6tsll, a:.(1 51r. ,:e-
-plient.on.„,

• 31r. Richard Hannatti w.ts titt.n cad in. After a felt (pie,.
dohs hail been put to this wi vess relative to the prachice atluitta.:
at East Bedard at (Ice:ions withili his recoil:c ion, he alts ordetvll
to recite.
1.0. d DURHA 31 having riser. to plopose that comma shuu:d
be instructed to pracet d with the examination ut witnesses in ti
that instance to acts of bribery at the hut election at East kettotd.
The lllarquis of SALISBURY, the Lail of MA LAI ESB1; It V,
and Lord HOLLAND opposed the motion, conceiving that those
who cenduckru the ease had a right to proceed to the proof of briht:y
and corruption, either of a recent or more admitted period.
The hot-e then divided, when there apptarcd for themotiou,
Contents . 12
Nun-con cute
Majority
Their lordships, at a Timer to Seven, Ott n adjourned.

e*
(A
-: 011!' liSs 'lt
----..-- =-_-_-_- _
--z-.-_--
-
'-.--',
0) 4)
IrtlT V Zrg.'44P ••••••.......
,63,0) 7. Ng 410TILI --",
• .00•0131110 Lagos MORI:.

Istie bill, however, niig:,. • • r • .s second titre that evening;; and
• or saw no objection to dela: ping into a committee for that time,
fithe girt. gentleman was convinced that it would be more conve.
'slew for those who were desirous to present petitions against it, or to
sp; st :n the house.
••.r said that, cm the understanding that by
.••wrtiting °lts the second reading Menthers should not be pledged to
the c yital punishmeet, and &at they should have an opportunity
of delivering their opinions cm the subject afterwards, he would not
oppose it.
