SOUTH AMERICA.

In another column will be found some Spanish of-
ficial news from South America. Knowing the de•
graded state of the press in Spain, we attach but
little credit to any of its statements, unless they be
confirmed by accounts through other channels. Ge-
neral MoalLLo's dispatches are only to the end of
May, but we have other accounts before us which
come down to the end of July, and which give a
more favouraiale picture of the affairs of the Patriots.
The contest is a most' bloody one, but the Patriots,
we are happy to observe, have relaxed a little in their
severity towards their enemies when they fall into
their hands.

a ROSTON, (N. E.) AUGUST 2Z

u The Mermaid, Captain Handy, arrived yester-
day from Cumana, which port she left on the Wahl
of June. His report of military operations, though
not quite so late as previous accounts from Laguira,
is interesting.
" Cumana was still in possession of the Royalists;
hut the Patriots were at Curacna, about five leagues
distant, marching for the place. The Governor and
every other person capable of military duty had been
compelled to take up arms and march slgainst them.
Tne force under the Governer consisted of about
2.500 men and boys. The fleet was manned with
very inefficient men, and the opinion of Captain 11.
was, that an American sloop of war could discomit
the whole fleet. It was reported at Cumana, that
General Alorillo was at Curecoa, on his way to
Cumana; but as the report had been current two or
thiee months, very little credit was attached to it.
" Executions took place almost daily at Cumana ;
and it was shocking to humanity to witness the bar.
batity and horrid treatment which the Patriots.expe-
rienced whenever they fell into the power of the
Royalists. Persons were daily apprehended as spies,
and of being favourable to the cause of the Patriots ;
they received a mock trial, were sentenced to death,
takLn out to the plains (just without the city), where
they were shot, and their bodies left on the ground
for the crows to feed upon. An instance of inhume.
nity and cruelty took place at Cumana while Captain
Handy was there, which disaffected a great many
persons with the Government, and on account of
which it was thought they would not oppose the
approach of the Patriots, but on the contrary would
join them. It is as follows :
COPY FROM CAPTAIN HANDY'S JOURNAL.
" CUMANA, Jer4r 12t,

" Witnessed a most barbarous act. A female of the most re-
spectable family in Cumana, for uttering some invectives against
the government, and speaking in favour of the patriotic partys
was tied on a jack-au, attended by a guard of ten soldiers, led
through the streets, and at every corner, and opposite the bottles
of her dearest connections, received a certain number °f lashes on
the bare back, apportionate to 200, the number she was sentenced
to receive; what rendered the punishment still more disgraceful,
the person who inflicted it was a large negro, who, when her long
beautiful hair, in some deveedefended her delicate skin, with one
hand removed it, that the lathes inflicted with the other might
cause the mere acute pain. The poor sufferer was blindfolded,
and bore the inhuman treatment with as much fortitude as per-
haps was ever exhibited 'on a similar occasion; her cries were
feeble, but 1 saw, notwithstanding the handkerchief that eon.
cealed her face, tears trickling down and falling on her breast.
" I saw but one down lathes inflicted; but some of my crew
who were en shout, had the curiosity to see the whole sentence
put In execution:—my feelings were too much hurt to let curio•
sity overcome them; I made particular inquiries respecting the
unfortunate girl, two days after, and was informed, that she re-
fused all medial odd, and food; and a few days afterwards I was
informed that she was dead, being front her exquisite feelings un-
able to survive the disgrace and pain she had suffered."
ANOTHER LE ER—SAME DATE.
“ A narrative of the astonishingly successful opera-
tions of the revolutionary army up to the 15th July,
is now in the hands of a friend to the cause of liberty.
In the rallies of Aragua the patriotic army
having taken the city of Valencia, the pass of Cabrara,
the beautiful town of Maracay, and many other places;
and being joined by 5,400 combatants, was about to
march to the capital of Caracas.

The Royal Governor of Comm being arcuated

ftta totter (put t% II a toile of
patched a vessel with 48.000 dolled,
laden with provisions. for the garrison
vello-; unfortunately for the represent
adored FERDINAND, the whole were
Carthagenian squadron which blockade

" HZAP•QUARTLAS AT Ott MARL,
" SIMON BOLIVAI, Supreme Chief of the

tain•Geueral of the Armks of Veoez
nada, Scc. Sce. •
" TO Till INHABITANTS OP THE PRO'

" An Army, a numerous Park of Artillery,
Anansunitioo, are now at my command
Tyrants shall be destroyed or expelled, and
to your Rights, to your Country, and to Peace.

" The War of Extermination carried
enemies, shall cease on our side. We shall
may surrender, even although they be Spat'
311,11 k ry e the cause of Venezuela, shall be regatied
consequently shall be employed according
abilities. The hostile troops who come ovr
all the benefits that tile country can bt s• ow

" No Ettroptan Slmntard shall b.. put
battle. No American shall suffer the ',Ail
joined the King's party, and committel ltr

" The unhappy portion of our brethren,
under the calamities of slavery, is hereby art
tire, and policy, demand the emancipation _
ward there shall be known in Venezuela only
all shall be Citizens.

"After taking the capital, we shall convoke \
of the People to a General Congress, in order
Government of the Republic.—Wkilst we
rums, General Marino, at the head of a
tacks Comma; General Piar, reinforced by
Monagas, becomes master of the Plains;
Barcelona; and General Arismendi, with
occupies Margarita. (Signed)
'6 CUR&

" The squadron under the CORY
BRION landed its forces at CurAlban!
VAR detached MARINO, his second
march upon Cuntana, and PIAR. •
upon the Plains. Margarito and smut
were taken, and great clemency was
conquerors to the Spanish troops.
and landed at Ocumares with 2000
they were soon joined by 700 of
They subsequently took possession
Maracay. Valencia (not the cit,
evacuated, and the victorious Independents
road to Caraccas.

w This morning Admiral Ban
harbour, and obtained perrnissioi
purpose of having a conference
KEST, and brought intelligence of
surrendered to the Patrises. Tht
are daily deserting to enlist under
Litterawrs—they declare that they
the cruelty of their Government, and
to be slaves. Previous to their lane'
a naval action took place, in villa.
CAMPO was killed : BRION was
but is now perfectly recovered."
" CovILLA DE PRED,
6' The followir7 :s t::;.r state of
—The Republican :-cops, commanded
General RANION in LA
varipus battles with the Royalists tri
of Ails:m.l, in which 0 e latter h;
SOO men, and nearly all their bag!
interesting part of the province of 0:
of the Republicans.
About the beginning of Jun(
was recruiting all his forces in Xal
to attack at the same time the plat
sea coast by the Republicans, and
the Province of Vera Cruz, in con!
General lirturffitia has put in motif
visions under the eommaad of able
warriors, anti on the 12th of rum
was marching towards Aeassapa,
Royalists was collecting, with an i:
to march to Coquilla de Pcdra."
" ctiAal.rsTl
ei Captain AnEsTs, of the Swo
arrived here yesterday from Porto
accounts from various parts of the
sented the Spanish Revolutionists
of success ; driving the Royalists he'
rections. All information of this Id
stifled at Porto Rico, where it was
one to open his mouth on the subject
was at St. Thomas's on the
was reported that Ctrthagena bad
the Revolutionists, by storm—but
to.be relied on; more recent infort
quarter is silent on the sobject.
" Captain AIIENTS also states,
before he sailed from Porto We,.
Terence arrived there direct from
but without :nay slaves. The Spa'
that while on the coast, and whet.
slaves on boat ti, he was discovered
, of war, which gave chat r, fired int
20 of his men, when he escaped c;
sailing. He also stated, that three
suddenly appeared upon the co.
twenty five sail of Spanish Guinean:et.,
at the port of Havannab. Thet
at anchor in some bay' or river
Spanish schooner arrived at Porto
with 120 Slaves, a short time
sailed."

The name of the Prince SATE-Coi
the list of the Gentlemen of the Cour
have taken out Licenses to kill Gr
Captain Balm pre, of the QuEI
on Monday presented by Losd
PRINCE REGENT, vvho conferred

of Knighthood for his services at
Sir JAMBS BRISBANE.
DRURY-LANE THEATRE.—Mr.
played Richard, for the first time
brilliant and crowded house. Re
racier with hit usual ability, and

r
I
I,1::1.1 thrwri 'ai I
be i ees
4:
' 11,
matic' R.
rd.
, regardedi cktantei d
$ ktePndtonua.dof a
cb 1 iLt
ow wa:v:4cyct. 'ill
le
se' Coy
fGal Icri
,a g a
ka:c4,it . 'II:: , : .
.., itli..elo2o
4 2.000 niel,
st
Rnedreatou6nerialianinuilmeit.sil'iby. tt kon
Rut
Artillery, 66,40 the
ito liberate yeasy All
;ad you than be
GPI
i Peace. fro'
elan pardon tho,tx, Cr'
ling to their, Ina:"
g.
over to us, sits:i „ arc
w upon its benefiia;
,u; to death
Fast irlury fut L. : ibl
W
wen, who hire rot.. yr
I set free. Nature, ; • OF
aof the Slate, km: .. jv
i only sue cus 4. 0
L
veke the Represent
order to re-e,table,
wo are nimbi% y I 1/
' a formidabk carpi,: II
i by Generals Rotas L
ns; Uanus adistos 'l, 1
ith his victories at :'•' I
.. ,trios„ art,... ;
'RACOA, Mu is. d
mmand of Adsi 3
ta 6
pano, whence 800 •
and in command,i, 9
, with 1500 cis* 8
I several other place. sl
was shevnt by dr ' 9
Thence they r
2000 troops,
f the inhabitants... . .1
ion of Cabrera Je
, 4
irY) was soon its,, I
tdependents tocktia ' 1
i
nrow arrived off e 4 1
ion to lard fah : ,
with Admiral lim
of Caraccas hark . '
L'he Epar.ith !oldie;
I- the !anners of th
ey are starrir.gunde
, and wish no hale
anding at Carupir.;
ich Dun MATEO DI
$ Slightly 71051 '
I'.
PREDA, JUNE 23.
if affairs in tsilsri4
anded by BrigiCia' -•
. Misteca, haven(
under the comma'
have lost more the,
aggage, leavingE '
f Oxaca in posses:ix' .
tine General Twat .j
:alapa with an into '.'.
!aces occupiedands i
id also thr interlord '1
onseqnence cf OM •
.i
tion several of Nsd, "4
hle and distirisiti;Nl..4
lie month he hinwif ',...;.
aa, where a hody4 ;
) intention, prods*
. ,
;TON, AUGUST it ~
wedish brig Freda
to Rico, informs tbsi:.
e West Indies, repot'
s to be in the fullnl:
before them in all a*.; •
; kind, however, le ;-
as dangerous for al
cat. CA pt.tin Anr..p
lithe June, when i:
tad been retaken V.'
tut this report is et
formation from
es, that a few d 3
co, the Spanish by"
.:
rat the cua,t of Milo ;
'anis,' Captain state, !.
ten about to tlke I:.
red by a British sleep. t
into him, and kilIN •
cap. ure by superior
:e Eritish frigates hsi
coast, and cptrei
was, mostly fitted fa
hey were taken whi'4
.r on the coast. A
to Rico from Aire.
to before. the Freda
...
m-Conouno appears".
county of Surrey ohr
Game.
'ERN CHARLOTTri *34
sd MELVILLE I. id
1 on him the hnnod
I Algiers. He is ow
eir. KEAN last nigh
ime this season, 101..'
de sustained the r!'',' 1,
d was loudly chola.
.! 1

himilibErk

. . .
iALMOVTIC, SEPTEMBER 22.
Aririied the Thomas, HAALERDAY, from &Win's; in
tour weeks, bound to L.,ndon. Several vessels are
plying to windward to.day.—Wind E.
PORTSMOUTH, SEPTEMBER 24.
Arrived his Majesty's ships LARNE and CRECIAiit
from a cruize.—Wind W.
DEAL, SEPTEMBER 24.
Arrived and sailed for the River, the Charlei,
Rtisstao from the South Seas. Passed by the back of
the Goodwill Sands, all well, the Rolla, CHILD, from
Amsterdam to Baltimore ; and Vrow Genarda, Tun.
Gas, from Rotterdam for Surinam. Came down
from the River the Wellington, LYONS, for Bombay;
eagle, SLIDBR, for Messina ; Success, RICH, for
Grenada ; George, tirctort, for Tohago ; and Prince
Leopold, SMITH, for Malta.—Wind S. W.

HARWICH, SEPTEMBER 24.
Arrived the Lady Nepean and Castlereagh packets,
from Cushavt n.
COWES, SEPTEMBER 24.

- - -
r •
Sailed yesterday, for Boston, the fine American I
dip Cordelia, which came in here from Hamburgh,
on the 20th, where she arrived a short time since,
with a valuable cargo of tea from Canton.
m This,
'ei takes about 200,000 dollars to Boston, in part
of the proceeds of her cargo, and is the fifth American
✓'
Indianian that has arrived at this port, this year, for
the orders of an eminent American merchant in
t;
London.
GRAVESEND, SEPTEMBER 24..
• galled the Odrorne, for New York ; Francis, Garrick, for
4 magma; Muth:, Dectjin, for Bremen; and Martin, Cart-
-4 Wight, for Antwerp.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, SEPTEMBER 23.
• SNIPS ENTERED otivw.tans.—Busiris, Thomas Franklin, for
Madeira and St. Lucie; Royal Sovereign, James Laming; and
• Tager, Thomas Rogers, for Rotterdam ; Betsey, John Richards.
57, essDublin ; Amoy, John Barrow, fur Cork ; Alice, Peter Peters, 1
• kr Antwerp; Unternehmabg, Johan Block, for Bremen ;
Ra-
, Wro Maxwell, for Madeira and Montserrat; Helms:ey,
• Robert Creasar, for Elsinore and Pete, sbere. ; Edward, Lowrey,
ral for the Cape of Good Ho2e ; Mary, "J'homas 'frown, for Am-
u. Otis; Regent, Francis Baron, for El, ;lore a..d i'ehir.burgh ;
bola, Ranulph Dacre, for Tric,te ; Chart itte, Kava-
aaugh, for Rouen ; Bragariza, William Goothiman, for Ostend,
ry, Bruges, and Ghent; Perseverance, George Fenwick Brown, for •
• the Havannah.
SUTZUSZIL 24.—Catharine Ann, Swart, fur Amsterdam and
to Rotterdam; Union, Robinson, for Rotterdam; Hoffnung, Horst-
man, for Bremen; Paris, Nelson, for El.ineure and St Peters-
ea burgh; Sybelb, Black, for Teneriffe ; Gleptatmer, Leslie, for
In Genoa and Leghorn; Charles Hamilton Aberdeen, Tindal, for
-Antwerp; Caroline, Hodgson, for Jamaica; Neptune, Hogg, for
,Amsterdam; Nelly, Suhrie, for Madeira and Jamaica ; •Pritice
id George, Parker; and London, Masterton, for Jamaica; Goede
Hoop, Blok, for Rotterdam ; Pitt, Foster, for Madeira ; Prince
* Regent, Taylor, for Tobago; Lawrence and Mary, Mollor, for
Christiania. Dram, and Tonsberg ; Mary, Anderson, for Elsi-
seer; Aurora, Jackson, for Malta and Smirna ; Georgiana, Nor-
man, for New Providence and Charle,ton ; Morning Star, Ord,
is for Lisineur and Copenhagen ; Ann, Matthews, for Antwerp;
SO Friendship, Reed, for Rotterdam ; Holland, Popplewell, for Elsi-
Noland Petenburgh ; Warkworth, Micas, for Hamburg,' ; On-
t;, daseemleg, Reyn Hakker, for Amsterdam ; Renown, Ellis, for
Mahar ; and Thomas, Brandham, fur Elsineur and Riga.
11
- -

Saturday se'nnight, two young men, with two
•omen, having broke open the fo7e.scuitle of the ship
Belank Castle, in Gravi,ig Dock, Liverpool, de-
scended for the purpose of sleeping, in the morning
they were all found suffocated ; the vessel being at
the time in a state of fumigation, for the purpose of
destroying the rats.
" GLENARVON."-..4t is reported that the exqui-
sitely beautiful Vignettes which embellish the new
Edition of this extraordinary performance, were de.
signed by the fair and noble Author. Their masterly
style of execution strongly brings to mir..l the works
of the celebrated Bme.rohuzzi. _ _

GRAND PEDESTRIAN NLITcII OF 1500 MILES IN 32
DAYS, AT LOWER TOOTING, SURREY.—Tenth Day.—
BARNET, the Pedestrian, completed lasi night at 20
minutes past seven o'clock 42 ualrs, loving at that
time performed, sin.:e his commencement OR Satur•
day the 14th instant, 4b7 miles. This morning
started at tour o'clock, and went on till eight, whe.i
be took breakfast, haein?, made good 15 miles more.
He continues in excellent spirits. Yesterday several
Sporting Gentlemen viewed his performance, all of
whom were decidedly of that it was utterly
impossible for human nicurf, At so advanced an age,
to accomp!iah such an arduous undettalong. Betting
at present is greatly AgAitist him, and his Lieu& are
sow shy of taking the osisfa.
CORN EXCIIRsoc, I.s.—Having- but few
buyers of Wheat at Market this morning, the trade
was exceedingly even, fur the best Old Wheat, and
all the New that was left over from Monday, is still
undisposed of, on.account of its inferior quality and
bad condition.—Barley is Is. per quarter lower.—
Beans, Peas, and Oats were dull sale, at Monday'!
prices.

Al{
the
out
lOW

ght
:0 3
413'
Id.

SUTTLINO HOUSE AT TIIE HORSE GUARDS.—This
public-house, which is in the disposal of the three
Stnior Generals of the Foot Guards, has lately caused
considerable contention; and Mr. Pluckwell, the
present possessor (who took it frum the executors of
the person who died in it, without having obtained
the approbation of the Officers of the Guards), has
had no less than three cr four preliminary hearings at
Queen-square, in answer to an information for selling-
lamas without a license. It is rather t curious
case, aad was several times postponed from the ina-
bility of Counsel to attend. At length, the reports
of the proceedings at Qtieen-square drew the wen-
lioo of the Board of Excise, and when the case was
last fixed to come on before the Magistrates of that
"ice, the Solicitor to that Board attended the, e,
and convinced all parties, that by a very late Act
of Parliament the subject of Licenses had been
transferred to the Excise, and therefore the Ma-
gistrates bad no jurisdiction. It so happens that the
ti.r.se Guards is extra-parochial, and within the
jurisdiction of the Board of Green Cloth, who only
"el 6lite a year at the subject of licenses.—
"hi. Board, refusing to hack the old license held by
l'iackuell, and as the Officc:s, to whom the house !!
"ngs, are desirous that it shouid be possessed by
lame noncommissioned Officer who has distinguished'
himself in the service belonging to their own body,
th, Prevailed on the Board of Green Cloth to refuse
u'cking the license, which gAvt. rise to the information
against Pluckwell for selling without license.. On
i
Saturday last, the 21st inst. beng the only day in the
year on which the last-mentined Board grant licenses,
tile), totally suspended the license formerly granted,
Coldstream
gave a new one to Serjeant Major Child, of the
Luldstream Regiment, the person whom the Generals
‘lhose gift the house is) are determined shall
'tilde in it.

6i» I iLEf BA'. s k

'TRIAL OF JOHN DONELLY AND GEORGE YAW- HAil
FOR BURGLARY.
Theie two prisoners were caoitallt indicted, ba-
ndy for burglarinusly breaking into the house of
James Poole, and stealing therein 30 yards of cloth ;
and Vaughan for Counselling, aiding, and abetting
him in the same, on the 16th ot December, 1815.
The ATTORNET•GeNZRAL, in his official capacity
in opening the case to the Jury,,said, that •the pri-
soner Vaughan, holding an office of the greatest
trust and confidence, had already been convicted in
another place of a must atrocious conspiracy, and
was brought tip this day to receive the verdict.of the
Court for aiding and abetting in a burglary. For
the last century we had lived under the persuasion
that the dreadful crime of conspiracy had entilely
lost its name in society, but unfortunately the con.
trary had been proved to be the case. A most dis-
tressing conspiracy had been discovered, and it was
the duty of all men who had the interest and wel-11
fare of their country at heart to investigate it with
all its difficulties and ramifications. When extraor-
dinary crimes were committed, extraordinary means
of detection must be resorted to. The most expeii.
enced Magistrates of the Metropolis had minutely
inquired into this important subject. The investiga-
tion had been long, painful, and anxious, and the
result had been that the prisoners had been commit-
ted for their trial before a jury of their country, who
would satisfy the'demands of public justice as well
as of public alarm and anxiety, and who would give
confidence to the public that such dreadful and atro-
cious crimes would from this day never again recur.
After having stated the general facts of the case to
the jury, he called—
Lines Poole, who was by business a tailor and''
drap_r, and lived in Everett-street, Russell-square.
On the 15th of December last, Vaughan, in com-
pany with Barrett, about '2O minutes hetore five
o'clock came to his house. It was at that time too
daik to work at his business. Vaughan said, ,4 My
Immo is Vaughan, I am a Bow street Meer," and
gave witness his card. He added, " I know that
your house is marked out to be robbed, and I am
Conk!, it you will let me, to take the men. This is
Barrett, my brotlitr Officer. I know they are very
bad characters, and noted housebreakers; and if you
do'nt let us take them, they will no doubt come
when you are fast asleep, and most likely you, or
same ut your family, will be murdered." By these
persuasions he consented to do as the of advised
Lim. The advice they gave was to mark the cloth,
which was already merked with a shop mai k, w ith
another mark, and to lay it on the counter. Vaughan
took up the sheers and cut little pieces off some
calico, and put them on the counter after having
inked them. 'file officers cam: about halt an hoar
before the thieves came : Vaughan and Barrett re-
mained ugly a quarter ot an hour in the house, and
then went out with the witness. Tue bey came into
the shop while the officers were there, in order to
light the lamp; but Vaughan ordered it to be put out,
not telling his reason for it. The prisoner then de-
sired witness not to boit the tiotr, but to take care
and fasten it on the latch, and to be sure of that--
Witness, Vaughan, and Barrett, went solos the way
to a Mr. Anderson's, for the prpose ul watching
for the thieves. Young Mr. Ander,un knew Vaughan.
And witness left them there ; but before he quitted,
!)oth Barrett and Vaughan said to him, o Yon may
home and mark any of the large ri pis
and put thew in the way, for (added they) .• you
lose none." He then went hJm5, took a
sod looked ioand the stielvei, but inissed.nun.
Che
c mole was placed in the back valour, leaving no
light iv the soup. He told his wire to sit by, if she
thought limper, and placed the boy upon the stairs
Lacing the passage do r, where lie could not be seen
by any one coming into the slop. Having madel
these preparations, he quitted the house; and, as he
was directed by the officer, put the door upon the
latch, and went out by another door. Witness was.
the second time hat lily ten minutes in his house ; it
NAS then a few minutes past five ("cluck; and having
an appointmenZ to keep in Mecktenbuigh square, Le
.vent there, and ieturne.d home in Aiwa ten minutes.
Independent tit any to fight, ttete was 1:,1:1t
enough to distingUtbn the lace of a man ;rnen witness
lett his strop.
The ArroaNEY-GENERAL, with the approbation of
the Bench, mentioned to the Jury, that in conse-
quence ot the tesimuny of the last witness, it was
resolved to give up the greater charge of burglary,
and to proceed my on the minor crime of stealing
in a dwelling-house. -
Examination continued.—When witness was re-
turning home, he saw two men coining out of his
shop, who turned out to be ltawley and Betts. He
met Rawley with a woollen roll under his arm iu
Bernardstreet, and seeing no officer near him, he
turned round and ran after him. Having got close
to Itim, he threw the cloth down under witness's feet.
Notwithstanding this, he pursued Rawley, and
caught him near the Foundling Hospital. Immedi-
ately Vaughan and Barrett came up. A man of the
name of Farthiug was i;tterward, taken by the offi-
cers. Witness, when he returned home, found three
pieces of cloth missing. About eleven o'clock the
same night, Vaughan and Barrett came again to his
lu.use, and Staving told diem that he had lost his cloth,
Vaughan said," You have spoiled the job, by crying
Stop Thief,' for I knew where to have gone to
have found the thieves dividing the cloth." Vaughan
afterwards restored the piece of cloth, which Rowley
had thrown down, but about three yards and a quar-
ter short of measure. The other two pieces witness
never saw again. Rawley, Batts, and Farthing,
were committed for the robbery at Bow-street ; and
at the trial at the Old Bail, witness and Vaughan
gave evidence against tam. The prisoners were
acquitted of burglary, but were convicted of stealing
in a dwelling-house. Vaughan afterwards observe!
to witness, " You have leaned too much towards the
prisoners by saying it was too light. You have de-
prived me ot the three it4o, part of which you would
have bad."
Croskezamined.—sever took any precautiassi
against the robbery, but took Veughan's direction.
Robert Embleton Anderson, rived at No. 29,
Everett-street' almost opposite Mr. Poole's house.—
On the 15th of. December last, that Gentleman, and
Vaughan and Barrett, came to his house $ and
Vaughan said, " Mr. Poole's house is this night to
be robbedi and I should wish, if you will allow me,

o remain le 7onr bogie Irate edepredators."
••ert. ; -••••••• 6
lAt Vaughan's request no Lights *ere adriiitted into
the front shop, in order that the rubbers Might not
observe him. Witnesi remained to observe the.

transaction, .out of curiosity, and saw two or thit.e
individuals go into Mr. Potfie's h6n,e by the front
dour. He observed a tall thin man I....ailing' nver the

rails of the house, as if watching tor soon►ebody corn.
ing from the parlour into the shop, with a long brown
great coat on, and a pair of high.lotv' shoe's. Two
men came presently out—one a young man, dressed
as a s tilor, with a bundle of cloth tender his arm.—

The alarm was given—the officers left the paFs.tge
of his house, and witness followed. He lost sight of
the two men, but the tall man whom he had observ.

ed before, with x long browu great coat on, cressed
the street and. ran between the two officers. He was

so near that they conli converse, and they all stop-
ped a few seconds, apparently speaking to one ano•
titer. Witness then lost sight of the two officers, and
followed the tall tn:Al: he observed him stop to pull
up hi.. stockings. lie walktd round him and •exa•
mined him, but did not take him, het:Aust• he thoutzlst
he had no business with him, as the aficers were

after him. Witness could not swear that the prisiner
Donelly was the man, but he believed him to be the
same. His gait was the same.
Cross-examined.-Dinielly was quite in a different
dress when he was taken up to that when witness
saw him in the street. It was then very daft.
Joseph Saunders was a gold watch case-maker,
and lived at No. 5, Ragwell-court. In December
last . lived in Portpoo,l-lane; knew the prisoner at the
bar, as well as Batts, Rateley, and FArthing ; and
recollected seeing John Dolleny at the Falcon public-
r house, Portpool-lane, Gray's Inn lane, on December
the 15th, in company with Batts, Rawley, and Far-
thing ; this was between three and five o'clock. At
five o'clock tb"y all went out, and about nine o'clock
the same evening Donelly came to the window.—
Witness went to the door, and Donelly asked him if
.1 Funika" was there ?--meaning Vaughan. He told
him, no; and invited him into the noose, but he
refused, saying, ‘‘ 1 cannot come in, for I am con-
cerned in a robbery with Itawley and Farthing, who
are now in custody." He had seen Donelly and
Vaughan drinking at the Falcon together, but not
often.

Cross examined.—Gut his living now by selling fish.
Re-examined.—When he saw Donelly at the win-
dow, he had a long brown greatcoat on.
William Barrett was, in November la't, constable
of the city, but was not so in December last. He
had known Vaughan for three yeais, and knew Do-
:telly very well. He was coin:wady called " Jack-
a-Dandy." He was well acquaiuted with a house kept
by Mr. Poole. At the latter end ut November he
saw Donelly in Holborn, With two other persons,
which led to an intercourse bi.tween witness and
Vaughan. Atter that Bonen), was taktn inro cus-
tody, but discharged, and Vaughan said, 4, I should
not, but Jack.4-Daady would come it," %Lich naeent
to give information upon some robbery. He saw
Donelly a few days afterwards in Gray's lon.larse,
with Vaughan. Witness and Vauglia,a asked Do-
nelly if he would give information ai.ysinct, t,:e thieves,
but Donelly r:plied, " It I do, they will kill me."
Vaughan said, "Never tnind, I will make that aU
right ;" and Dolleny agreed to give h&c:nation.—
Scon after they all met again, in a public house in
Holborn, a!sour: it fortrogrit before Poole's house was
broken open. Donelly then said, that he WWI going
out that rii,ltt with Batts and Rawley upon the
I sneak, ire2aning to go into a house slyly, and that if'
any thing were done that night, he should expect his
share of the reward. That was agreed upon,
and witness was to go with Vaughan to take the
prisocers into custody. The party upon the sneak
were to go from the Falcon, iii Portpool-lace. and
Vaughan and witness were to go and e.,atch them
out. On the same evening, betwe, n!, and 5 o'cioett,
according to appointment, he and Vaughan went to'
a public house nearly oppcsite the Falcon. On the
lath, Donelly, Vaughan, and witness, all met at
Firth's public house, opposise Gray's Inn-lane, in
the fOrenoon. Dorelly, speaking of a robbery the
!light before at look's house, said. " D—n it, where
did yon lose us last night r Vaughan answered,
~ We lost you in a moment ; I do not know how it
was." Dolled), said, I went to a Draper's shop
rim tia, screw (meaning that he .got in upon the
latch), and had sneaked out a piece of broody,
(meaning broad cloth.) He added, "Itis as good
AS bread ; Long Tom's ahe has pledged it." Thus.
Buts was commonly called Long 'Priem, and a woman
of the name of Emblin passed at his n ife ; witness
asked where the cloth had been pawned, giving as a
reason for the question, 4, if the cloth is obtained the
prosecutor will swear to it, and we can convict the
prisoner, and obtain the reward." Witness and
Vaughan had gone to watch for the prisoners op-
posite Poole's house. on the night of the I.lth of Dc.
cember, but had missed them. Donelly said he
could not find the pledge of the cloth, but added,
that the same party would set out from the Falcon
this night, (the 15th). to Poole's house, and that
Vaughan and witness might watch them. Vaughan
agreed, and said he would go first and warn Mr.
Poole of it, with witness. It was agreed that. the
sneak party should start at five o'clock, and Donelly
.said, " Mind how you act, that you do not criminate
me." Vaughan said, " 0 no, no, I will take care
of all that.' Witness and Vaughan then went to the
Falcon about two o'clock, and saw there Rawley,
Batts, and Farthing. Witness and Vaughan were
in the parlour, and the others were in the tap-
room. fondly, while they were at dinner, came
into the parlour, and said, " Take care you are not
too late." Vaughan said, " Never fear, I will take
care." Vaughan and witness then got aprons to dis-
guise themselves, and put them in their pockets to
go to Mr. Poole's house. They did go, between the
hours of four and five. [acre the witness corrobo-
rated the statement already given by the former wit-
nesses.] Upon seeing Rawley come out of Poole's
shop with a piece of cloth tinder his arm, witness said
to Vaughan, 6, We have got them, let us go."—
Vaughan said "No, we have not;" notwithstanding.
witness went out Of Anderson's door, followed by
Vaughan, and ran after Rawley. As soon as lie got
to the bottom of the street, Rawley gave the cloth to
Batts, who ran towards Brunswick•square. Rawley
and Donelly returned towards Poole's house, and wit-
ness, and Vaughan turned to follow them. Rawley
vent again into the shop, and Donelly crossed over
to Anderson's side of the way. Rawley 'lieu came

P A 0
out of the qlop with nobler piete &rata ulnder
arm., and made, off with it riinnitig:, witness and
Vaughan ran after him, and while they were pr./
ruing him, Dottelly ran neatly.against witness an
Vanghan, and ssid, George ,(speaking, to Vaughan
gi Tom's gone drat way, and Bob his gone that
-Donvlly, tan aWay after. fie bad giien arc informa!
Lion. While following Itawley, they ILiard the crv:
0144 stop thief 1" and upon linking it,. they hastened
their ?pace, and found lta4l,•Y in the custody of
Poole. Fat thing ran up to Itawley before he. waif
j taken.into cuit,:dy, and seeing him pursued, them
away the cloth, and ran away as hard ai he coull
I 801 l iwley and inching wen tdLeil into custody;
I and Batts was apprehended vest morning. I)orieliy
I was never faltm. Ihe ti4ee priNonai. weft corn.

mitied at Bow-strcet, and coovicted at January Old
Srssi:'ns, upon the oath of aitneas aad
Vaughn:). The tiny, or JAy aster the cr•mnsitmen(.

. _
witness satv Donelly itad Vaal/ban, he believe Ji
I) molly sa.d, " You have jr.; it Jack,"
meaning Farthing; and added, " He wa, not these
at that tine; . arthing went out wit!, the others
but storpej is the rnad."-- Vaughan auswered.
" I have sw'nn f t!iing—he is an old thief, and
went Out for the purpose '.f committing the robbery.
It cannot be helped—let it remain where it +b."--
They met soon atter at the sign of the Goat in CMOs
reir, and dined there in company. Witness shiced
Donelly what had becnine of tt:e dm piece of Cloth
which was given to Buts He replied. thir. when
Fartiiim; and Itay.ley vi: re taken, 1.0:,q Torn threw
the cloth over, tile raihiris of ,bronserick-srt: ire. He

then went tor a raider,' (a haerneycoech) in
born, proceeded in it to Brunsaick-cquxre. fetched

the piece of cloth, at:di-a:cede': with the reeeiter.—
Dnnelly said, that he s!touid Are and live over the
water, for that he was suspected, and asked Vaughan
for some money. VauF,loin rave him ten shillings;
and it was ugreed to meet again at the same pl..ce hi
a week, for Donelly to give infatuation about rob.
'series. Vaughan gave Drnelly at this second meet-
big. ;•aorlier ten shillings, and he had in all about
fifty shillings. About a fortnight before the 15th;
a-guess, alter having mentioned VI Vaughan that
Diinelly had stolen sortie gloves, saw Vaughan and
Donelly together conver,ing in Portpoolaane. They
all frequently met together. Hearing that the 01E-
cers were after himself, as well as Vaughan and Dn.
nelly, witness delivered himself up to Mr Harmer,
an attorney. On the evening after the conviction of
the prisoners, they met in Cilia' Fair, and Donal'
said, 44 They are convicted, but the joy was spoiled,
for nothing is allowed."—At another meeting Vaug.
ban asked Doneily if he would give more informlni
lion ? He promised, but never did.
Cross examined.—lt was freqeently the case that
Officers of the Police had persons of confidence
among people of bad character, to inform them of
robberies, and therefore witness was not surprised to
hear the information given to him. The officer-knew
these characters very well, and Doi elly was invited
to give such infamatii.n. Neie,er Cie witness nor
Vaughan knew of the robbery in Pocie's house on the
14th, till Don:-fly gave information of it after it was
done. The rAbery of the 15th was neltker Vaughan%
nor witeess's planning. Beth went to Poole's boos
with Cie intention of letting Donelly escape-
Mary Emblin formerly lived with Thema" Ants,
and lived with him ou the 16th December last, tl4e
time he was taken up. On the night of the !kb,
Batts and Itavaley came to her house. and desired
her to pawn a piece of cloth ; sl.e did so, and it
fetched a pound. Between seven art! eight on the
cvetiiiig of the 15th, Donelly carne ti her, and said.
Ga ii Batts conics lir.MP, tell him to keep nut ftf. the
way, tor he will be taken." lie said kawley and
Farthing were already taken. Batts eitl cone Annie.
and was taken next morning by Barrett and Vaughan.
Joseph Firth kel't the Geerge public house, Mid-
dle-row, Holborn, facing the end of Gray's-inn-lane.
He knew Vaughan and Barrett, big nifvcr kid Melt
them together at his house. He had seen Doilelly
also at his house, but not in company with either'
Vaughan or Barrett.
Charles Balding, a plumber, living In Fortis-M.
lane, remembered the apprehension of- Farthing and
Itiawley. He knew the prisoners very well. About
a week or ten days before the robber y in question, Ire
saw Vaughan and Donelly together near Portpnnl. •
lane, talking in the street. They went into the Mar.
quis of Granby public-house together.
John Limtnie, an Officer of Bow.streer, appreben•
ded the prisoner, Vaughan, at No. 3, New-street,
Whitechapel, at his aunt's lxi'ise ; anti. Donelly was
apprehended by bum in Barbican. In corning :thug,
Donelly said. 4' 1.) —n his eyes, I never knew a tolge
ger rogue than 'Vaughan is."
' The case of the prosecution being ended, the pria
soners were called upon for their defence.
They both denied theirguilt,"and laid themselves
on the mercy of the Court: .
Edward Christian, Chief Justice of the Isle of Ely.
and Sir Nathaniel Conant, gave the prisoner Vaughan
a good character. He had lived as servant with both
th.: witnesses.
Mr. Stafford, Chief ant of 81w-street, said that
during the three years Vaughan was pattok at the
Office, he had been extremely active, chiefly in da
tecting pickpockets. He had never known any harm
of him until this unfortunate affair.
Mr. Baron GRAHAM summed up at considerable
length. lie observed, that the first consideration for
the Jury would be to determine whether the prisoner
Donelly was or was 'not guilty ? He confessed 'that
the case was a difficult or;e ; but the evidence of Bar.
rett had so entirely fallen in with the statements
made by the other witnesses, that it was almest im.
possible not to believe it. If Donelly was noon the
spot, and was one of the party, :here could be no
doubt but that, in point of law, he was as guilty as
the other, as being an :rider and abettor. The pre-
sent, however, was certainly a tovei cz e. I,:sh• u d
be recollected, that, in order to implicate the pilioner
Donelly, it was necessary to prove that he was en.
gaged in the transaction with a felonious intention.
But how could this be, for none of the property stolen
was to come into bit possession ? There was a diffi-
culty in that point of view, as well as in another—
that it was necessary to prove that this man was aid.
ing and abetting in the very robbery it was his chief
object to detect. As to the other prisoner,Vaughats,
it was in evidence that as to the robbery of the 14th
December, he knew nothing of it Datil told by Do.
nelly ; and with respect to that of the 15th, it was
planned by Doneity and himself, and it wild pot bs
