nervation of pan% was it.140.01041t0 * that the
ties and engagensents• entered inns. fot--tbe sake ok
peace, and_formed tintjar otber auspices, were now
sofacto"thstlhiliartbdP- bui* been sl ad to
leave heard tbiltightltOis.t.kntletitanitrY, bittead of
confessing- that he had foUnd, the precepti which
guided his conduct laid siovin by his ptedeceisor in
office, that he • was resolved to consult nothing bat
the interests of liberty and the honour Of the country.
Whatever may happen to the Bourbons, arid' cher
seemed in a fair way to prove again the extremities-
of fortune, he was qnite sure that the people of this.
country would never again allow one drop, of their
blood nor one farthing of their money to be spent for
the support of the family—(Heor, hear, hear.)—lf
they were not to aid the cause of liberty, they would
at least never again, with their eyes open, be found
abetting the cause of slavery. Ministers, he thought,
had no very clear and definite views, they were feel-
ing their way by events as they rose, sounding the
temper and dispositions of the country gentlemen,
and then sneaking out the word neutrality. This,
he was prepared to say, was in opposition to the
feelings of the people, and Ministers must be
prepared to meet the indignation of the people.
With reference to Spain he was anxious to say a few
words more, anxious the House should recognise,
whether we interfered or not, the principle that the
right of interference belonged to us—that it was a
question we had to decide for ourselvesthat it was
a question cif prudence or policy, quite independent
of all question as to right. That famous Manifesto,
the Speech of the King of France, gave us the right
to make war. In that document war was declared
against every flee institution not emanating from the
will of a King. There was no limitation in time or
space. The Bill of Rights and the Act of Settlement
were invalid ; our Sovereign, according to these doc-
trines was a usurper, and our shores might be in-
vaded and polluted to put down all the consequences
of the Revolution of 1688. By this, France had given
us the right of war, and whether we were to use it
or nut would depend entirely on ourselves. Pledged
neutrality ! France could have none; she could have
none. Site who had taken up arms in support of
such a principle, as ridiculous as it was odious, could
have no pledged neutrality ! Pledged neutrality
would be a compact, and into what compact could
England enter with France, after such a declaration?
(Hear, hear). If we thought it wisdom either to let
France wear out her resources in this fanatic 'war—
this dubious contest, as he hoped he might call it—
until she was glad to cry can in language not to be
misunderstood, No more of this"—af we thoniht,it
prudent to avoid the collision and jealousy which
might arise, and had arisen between two great and
neighbouring nations—if we thought that
" War is a fury quickly conjured up,
" But hard indeed to
Though from hii speech such,. it was dear, was not
the opinion of the deluded Monarch of France--if
we abstained from entering into the contest to which
we were-in fact invited, it was not neutrality ;to be
passive as long as our policy required it, was not to
be neutral. These political considerations, if sincere
and bona fide, were no doubt well worth.y of men.of
deep reflection. If, after expending fifteen hundfed
millions to secure tranquillity .to F.urope, :we were,
reduced to the necessitrof pausing to deliberate be-
fore we could again draw the sword in any cause,
however just, why not manfully avow it? Such a
declaration could never be discreditable nor disgrace-
ful, unless it were disguised -under false and un-
worthy pretences—( Hear, hear).—The hearts and
the prayers of the People of England were with the
Spaniards : they never could be neutral when they
saw, as they now saw, unmasked oppression striking
at freedom—(Hear, hear); they at least would ex-
claim—" GOD prosper the righteous causer In
heart and hope they could not stand indifferent spec-
tators of a struggle so noble—so dignified ; they
could not coldly gaze upon the efforts of a brave, a
generous nation, to keep the liberty it had con-
quered, against those who, profiting little by expe-
rience, would sooner or later rue the day when they
commenced undertakings sire nate, tractatu draw,
eventu tristia.

Mr. WARRE was sure the People of this country
felt deeply interested in the success of the Spaniards.
He condemned the projected aggression, and con-
tended that the Members of the Quintuple Alliance
had violated their own Treaty. When the Papers
should be laid before the House, he trusted lie should
find that the Duke of Wellington had not failed to
recall to the recollection of the Ministers of the Al-
lies a Paper signed at Aix-la-Chapelle, and dated
September 26, 1818, to which the names of Metter-
nich, Castlereagh, Wellington, Hardenbevg, Berns-
dorff, Nesselrode, and Capo d'lstria, were attached.
The lion. Gentleman read the Paper W which he re-
ferred, which set forth that the meetings of the Mi-
nisters of the Great Powers of Europe/ from time to
time to consider of the Affairs of Europe, would only
take place on the formal invitation of the States prin-
cipally affected by the circumstances Which might
guise, and the Nations whom they concerned would
in all cases have an opportunity of being present by
their Plenipotentiaries. He wished to know whether
Spain had been so represented at Verona? If she had
not, the Quintuple Alliance had violated their own,
treaty. His prayer was for the preservation of peace,
but only while to preserve it was pi acticable by &I
manly and honourable line of policy. Under these
circumstance. he could wish the House to re-assemble
on the earlier day which had been named, rather
than on that which had originally been proposed.
Mr. Secretary CANNING thought the House'
would feel that it was not nesessary for him to tress
pass on their time for Many minutes. He doubted if
he should have risen at all, but for the reference made'
to a conversation' which had taken place a few nighisi
ago on the existing treaties between this country and
the Continental Powers with respect to France.
could assure the House that it was not his intention,
to enter into any premature discussion on the course
pursued by his Majesty's Ministers in the late negos
ciations. He would not break through that reserve
which had been maintained by a sort of common
consent till that day. If the Noble Isiord 'and the.
Hon. Members who had followed him, felt thempelves
called upon to depart from the understanding Which
had been come to, he did not feel himself lotiwasedl
'to do the same.' The cioestion which had ban 'pat'
to him on aim-titer aiisitits--I)id•che aoyars..s
ment of this viunttfebitsiiibt itsett bean& by truism:,
to guarantee the conti iitrano .of tbt' Bottbons ottibit

LAND TAX.
On the second reading of the Land Tax Commis-
sioners Names Bill, being moved,
Mr. HUME noticed the improper conduct of the
Clerks of the Commissioners, and hoped the irregu-
la' ities of which he complained would be corrected.
. . _

Mr. LUSHINGTON briefly replied, and .the Bill
was read a second time, and committed for Thurs-
day, 10th April.

W ESTM I NSTER ABBEY. •
Mr. BROGDEN brought up the Report of the
Committee on the Addresses to the Crown for Monu-
ments to the Memory of Earl St. Vincent and Lord
Duncan.

Mi. HUME did not rise to opposithe Repbrt. On
the contrary, he much approved of it; but what. he
rose "lir was to cumplai.i of the extortions practised
on the Public jc Westminster Abbey. 'An Honour-
able Member, who had just left the Honse, had men-
tioned that he had Seen a person from the Country,
who, with his wife and two children, had been about
to 'enter the Abbey, when a demaod was made
for .Bs. The man turned back, and complained of
the hardship of the case, after coming to London to
see the sights, to be denied the f greatest of' all, the
view of the monumentstothe memory of dhtinguished
characters. The person at the door of the Guthedral
said his orders were to admit do one Without pay-
ment, and so the matter ended. The Hon. Gentleman•
cdndemned, in the strongest terms, the practice to
which he had illnded.
The Resolutions of the Report were agreed to, and
'the Address ordered to be'ptesented to his Majesit
by Members of the Privy Council.
• Top 318 W BEER ACT. . • •
01}, in& of the Innkeepers' Bill,
if• EWNALlnquired if it was intended that the.
-Of the new beer ithouldibe liable to have
hilletted noon them, and wished to know whs•!
their lower windows were to be etempted fro.
'll4 duty ?-.
1 ▪ 41.1811INGTON said, the venders of tbe new,
6te e .weilikf not be lialaetcr have soldiers billetted as
`them.. If 'Sias not proposed to allow them any ez-
'einPtitiiiriiiiiithe Window Tax. ' •
' vow) ADVOCATE of SCOTIaIiNtD gave notice,

::~:. .

r . . . . •
Throne of Prance ? It would be reineiniered in ' that iiiettii after *tie eviets he Vi.Ovici islet bed iiiiiiiiiiiiiiire
what: tray he bad interpreted the tptairth • .ide 404 Perfect regtggion of rip* Retkisteri iri Scotland.
no choice.bue.to.-thi this, or answer to gm 4igiiat: 1 -The Eter
ter of fact, as to_ the existence Of certaio- . '. -11
tuxes. The answer which he bed given wapeaseect, Of which wat onkred to Se received on the lottt of ApriL
Dirtier -Bffl trent through. a (i'mm'une, the Itepori
u- -• The Grants of Aids Bill yro-read a third time; and pa4d.
Mr. LUSHINTOSQN Broupt In a Bill to amend the lowa
sond time Daigle /Pip F 4 April: .
... :, •
that stipulations were in being, by which. all the Allies respecting romp'-Reid-a firs 4 and ordered to be read a se.
were bound tn'exclude by arms the family of the 80-1131v,iivese
1131v,iivese !but relieurnee till Ttratedity; tie 10th o 1 April.
salaams from the:Throw of France. Another case
. . .
bad been supposed, that of a revolutionary movement;
zi
with a different object in view, in that country. In COUNT y OFLiSCOLN gErrinm Aittri d:
this case the Allies had bound themselves Le commu-
nicate and consult with each other, but without any
anticipation of the resuleof such communication.,—
These stipulation's were contained in the Treaty of,
November, 1815 ; but they only repeated the stipu-
lations contained in another treaty (made previously
to the short and decisive war which was conducted'
by this), namely, the treaty of March 25, 181.5.:L;
The object of the treaty of NoveMber being to em-
body the spirit sit the former treaty to preserve the
peace of Europe from all infringement, and especially
to guard against the attemptof Napoleon Bonaparte.
The Allies had declared themselves resolved to unite
with one accord to render him incapable of again
disturbing the peace and tranquillity of Europe.—
The Right Honourable Gentleman then read the
words of the treaty, which set forth the determina-
tiOn of the High Contracting Parties to exclude the
family of Bonaparte for ever from the throne of
France. He also read the article which bound them,
in the event of any new revolutionary movement oc-.
curring in Fiance, with a different object in view, to
concert with each other what line of conduct would
be necessary to be pursued. He however had to state,
that it had been thought right on the parr of his Ma-
jesty's Plenipotentiary, to sign a declaration, which
was forwarded to the Allied Powers, and which set
forth that the stipulation which bound his Britannic
Majesty to resist with arms the return of Jonaparte
to the throne of France, was not to be understood •as
binding his Majesty to concur in imposing any other
Government on the French people. It was to this-
that he had alluded when he stated Ministers to have
entered into a negative, but not into any positive en-
gagement on this subject. Now with respect to the
adjournment, what he had to say would be very
short. He knew of no reason which could be opposed
to an adjournment for the period which had been
named. It had been customary to adjourn for a
fortnight at Easter. He did not remember anything
which made it improper now, nor had anything which
had been stated, convinced him that it ought to be so frau._
considered. An adjournment of precisely the same After some..,_
duration had been agreed to last year. The House
agreed to by a large m...,_
then adjoulned from the Wednesday to the Wednesday
sensed to the House of Commui...
fortnight. Now it was proposed to adjourn from the - . , ___
Thursday to the Thursday. Another reason for ad-
journing for that period was, that the sleek after the
next was the week of the Sessions, which would be
likely to detain many Gentlemen from the HOuse.
Thursday was, perhaps, the earliest day on which I
most of them could be expected to arrive. A third
reason for submitting to the House the proposition
now under consideration was, that a sort of under-
standing had been come to on the subject, so that no
notice had been,eatered in the book for an earlier
day-,-(Hear). Under all these circumstances, he
trusted thelioble Lex d• surci • the- twto • Hon. Gentlemen,:
le axe's,
having taken advantage of the question before the.
Rouie to state their feelings on the present state of
the country, would not be very anxious to persevere
in their opposition to the motion. He hoped it would
not be thottght disrespectful on his part towards them,
'or'toWardvtilendUSe, if he declined for the present
following them into the discussion of topics which,
as soon as the House met again, must come under
',their consiiieratinn.
Sir it.WIWN read some of the stipulations
con-
tained in a Treaty, and wished to know whether these
were not now to be considered as null and void?
Mr. Secretary CANNING hoped no improper re-
luctance hid been marked on his part to give infor-
mation when called on. it there were questions of
different sorts. There were questions of fact and.
questions of construction, and the one now put to him
being of the latter description, he begged to adjourn
his answer to it, with the other parts of the same sub-
ject, till the House met again.
The Amendment was then negatived, and the ori-
ginal motion carried.

Wednesday a Meeting of the Prerheilders of the
County of Lincoln was held at Lincoln Castle, which
had been called in pursuance of a Requisition, nu.;
inexously,bsiantd, addtessed to the Mon Snzawi;
The Meet was,purkFrey attended, and among
the Geutlernep piesent'
Lord4Akboip, RsV
aleron, aI.P. the How. C. leathern and
C. Chaplin, Esq. the Alt-nibers for the County; Colonel John.:
son, M.P. Sir P. Brombead, Bart. Sir J: Thorold, Bart. the
Rev. Sir Charles Anderson, Bat. Colonel Alia, Captain Wood;
and Major Cartwright.
After the usual formalities,
Sir 'ROBERT HERON rose to move that a Petition
be presented to the 'House of Commons, complaining
that the prayers of lhe.:peorle were not -attended to
in that House, that immense.estahlishments were kept
up to mock the public misery, that the rights of the
people wete encroached on, that at a time-when the
landed interest was fallen into ruin, a sinking fund
was kept up, though it had hitherto operated only as
a delusion, and as a remedy for all these and other
evils, the Petition prayed for a complete and effectual
Reform of Parliament. •
Sir T. Tucaoto seconded the motion. Major
Cea-rwittutfr moved an 'amendment, the object of
which was to procure the meeting to adopt one of the
Major's own Petitions. A stout yeoman read it
tin origh.—Colonel Joimsom seconded the amend-
ment, which was opposed by Lord ALTHORP ; who, '
at the same time, supported the first Petition, because
he thought it was one to which every friend of
Reform might Subscribe, without compromising his
opinions on, any particular plan.
Sir E. Rai:mutant) defended the present represen-
tation of Parliament, and was heard with more
attention than 'is usually ,hewn to the advocates
of the opinions Which he espouses. •
The Hon. C. Palm Ast supported the Petition of Sir
Robert Heron, as did also the Rev. Sir C. ANDERSON:
•C. CHAPLUi, Esq.. would. not Vote for any mea-
sure of Reform; and Contended while only three men
in rotten Borotighs hottestly exercised their elective
franchise, it would be unjust to destroy it.
After some more discussion, the original Petition was
agreed to by a large majority, and ordered to be pre;
sented to the House of Commons by the Members
for the County.

Thanks were voted to the Sheriff; and the Meeting
quietly separated.
BETTING AT TATTERSALL'S, MARCR St+.
. _

Tattersall's has to-day been much crowded, and will, of coarse,
continue to be so, considering the near approach of the beginning
of che Great Stakes, the first of which, the Craven, at Newmar-
ket, will commence early in April. There has been but hale al-
teration on the different favourites, or on the outside ones ; not-
withstanding which much traffic ensued. Particulars of to-day's
state of the odds are accurately detailed below.

4.4 t lk!ctk's
51 to 1 agit Post•huma
4-to 1 agst Swap •

CLA RIM
IT to 1 apt Wanton
-7 to 1 apt Ajax
•S to A apt Morisco
/1111/111%
I 9to I agst talisman
II to 1 apt Morisco
OA Cl.
Cto 1 agst Zaida to 9 I agst sister to Sultan
9to I agst 'later to SAW Ioto 1 agat Tint
The other horses as before.
COLT KIDDLUWO ant. •
21, to 1 apt Web . 1 Sito I apt Talisman
:', to I apt Emilio'
rate *tabormaroartr.

6 to 1 apt Web
7 to 1 apt Emilia.

sto 1 apt Stiltap -

1:: ltber fillies stand as before.
OATLANIPIL
I 5 to I agst Reit Spiguot

4 to 1 agit Figaro
5 to 1 agst Swivel

DONCA3IIIII4t. Lean .

. .
86 to 1 agst Sherwood 30 to I apt Armstrong c.
14 to 1 agst Tinker 35 to I eget Or!han
14 to 1 agst Miss Fanny 40 to I apt Barefoot
18 to 1 agst Polak Royal ' " 'to I.agst Alercandotti
23 to 1 agst Fanatic 4 4Th *Apt Troy
23 to 1 agst brother to Violet .40 to 1 apt Altisidora (taken)
30 to 1 agst Ilenest John
. SPA •
Coole.--The pee of the Fancy (little but good, and no-
thing else but blood and bone thniegbout his composition), Dick
Curtis, took his Benefit at the above plate yesterday. It was
' Dick's first oppeal bathe Ammeters of the Fives Court, and he
had no reason to complain ; in short, he had a good Court. The
sets-to in general Ached interest and produced applause: Holt
and Ned Turner did their best to amuse the Amateurs; as did
Deaf Davis and Ayres. Carter and Sampson put on the gloves,
but tht former boxer is ail to pieces; the word "tremendous"
does not now attach to his character. Instead of blows it is
more like pawing ; indeed, his hitting appears to have left hint
altogether. The appearance of Spring and Riles claimed uni-
versal attention k eamtot be otherwise when men of nailing ta-
lents are opposed to each other. Spring is in good health, but
nevertheless he goes into training to-morrow. The wind up of
the day was between Curtis and Teasdale, two of the best little
men on the list. hiaster Richard, if we may judge front the
manner in which his opponent dealt with him, has been living
rather too high: Teesdale Sobbed Curtis one, two, and three, in
succession, on commencing the set-to; in fact, we never saw
Dick so roughly handled before. However Curds, before the
somber was at an end, retrieved in some trilling degree his im-
portance as a boxer on sheaving two or three decisive points to.
*aids victory. At all events Curtis must go into'craining, and
*idly adhere to ,it, in order to meet his opponent, . Peter War- -
ren, on the 16th of April, on anything like equal terms. Israel
"Waco ascended the stage, and offered to.flght shy Mad of his
=in England for iCSO a-aide. Wird also appeared, and of.
the same terms. The Jrihn Bull fighter, almost out of
breath, end eager for more glory, said be would fight Ward for
460 a-side is six weeks, notwithatanding he was matched with
#helton in June, and he would put down 110 instantly—(Great
appbuse).:-.-He Meant nothing else but fighting,:and if Ward
toil* lot raise £3O, he bad ad Objection to make it for £25.
Ward in reply observed, he would fight Josh. hut it should be
after his battle With Shelton. then; let it been, if you
like it," sattlicali.' Cohlrollt slit.l the Okifty *bah dewed. In
a.conversatioo between the latter hero 'and efig-Nonpa-
:: ten asked the typsey if WNW be hat! head Wastrnii, namely,
rthat he (Cooper) bad challenged SAP ,faragg. Zia die rings
after he hid defeatedl.;abbage? •• • gec ed Cooper)
you are too good a fighter for tie. It Wl* Nit don to have
eihkitepud Cy. Davis, but I have just hail Wormed tares he j,
likely to lose his fore finger of the right' hand." Curtis returned
-tidbit for • die kindness' be lad received from the itinateirs,
when the. Court was soon cleared,. anvarcmpsriw. odour be-
came the feature of invited= for the rarialnder 0( the evening,
to clot over thl tusking blades. • . • • • • •
Yesterday' Semi arronin and Witilims Mom, amble wham
the Coroner's Jury had returned. a vertigl ei llilaalusiner,
for being Concerned in the death of Dlr. "fie botcher,
in iko affray in King's-row. NewloBlool.- wirksyr.
_an !multi-
oation at Union-Ball. Evidence was Idcinced •War•-to that
taken at the Inquest, and the pfhonerilfteftsdarfier 'anything
in their defence. The preskliug Ifiagintentlfsgref4l,lzPll that
the Coroner's jurisdiction did not cloth jhe er of the.
Magistrates, recommended the yfrininerifil NMI% ae
they were now committed for sttnidAtj t: *af,l ri
•
t • !
