lions, shall elect seven out of their own number, who,
with one appointed out of each of the sub-committees,
shall form another sub-committee, which shall choose
a head among themselves by ballot, and which corn- I
mittee, so chosen, shall superintend all the girange-
ments and transactions between the employer and the
employed. It being understood that the employed
shall be well provided with all the necessariea of life,
and have a reasonable proportion of recreation, during
seven years; at the termination of which each adult
who has attained the age cf 25 years, shall have the
option to receive £lOO from the community, to be-
come a member of the lst division of the third, or
working class, with property ; oV to remain five years
longer, and then to receive £2OO, to enable him to
become a member of the 2,1 division of the 3d class;
'or at his option, to go into the old state of society,
and provide for himself, or serve the very wealthy or
higher ranks, while they continue to prefer their pre-
sent mode of life. _ .

I conclude, however, that every class- in society,
below the very wealthy and the highest ranks, will
give a decided preference to physical and intellectual
liberty—over bodily and mental slavery ; to tempe-
rance, health, and rational enjoyment—over intem-
perance, disease, and suffering; and to have thou-
sands and tens of thousands ut well disposed, well
informed, and sincere friends around them. on all
sides, all acting for each other in one bond of love
and interest—rather than exist among the folly, in-
sincerity, and counteraction of society, as it is now
constituted; and more especially, when the same
property and care will produce them MODE THAN TEN.
FOLD advantages beyond what any of the existing
arrangements can afford. In short, when the time
shall arrive that it will be prudent to develupe the
whole plan in its more minute detail and general
combination, it will be t,bvious to the meanest capa-
city, that the OLD state of society will not bear one
moment's comparison with the mew ; and that he
only real practical difficulty will be to restrain men
from rushing too precipitately from one to the other.
By the adoption of the plan proposed for the PA.
ROCIIIAL noon, the parishes of England and Wales
will soon materially diminish their poor's rate, and
gradually reduce them, until they shall be extin..,
guished. They will also essentially benefit and ini-
prove the poor, and render a service of the highest
magnitude to their country and mankind. I there-
fore take it for granted, that as soon as they under-
st Ind the plan, so as to be capable of putting it nuo
execution, they will be eager to adopt it. To enable I
them to do so, the first step necessary is, that several
parishes combine together, in order to carry the.plan
into execution. The secz-usd will be, to form arrange-
ments to enable them to borrow a capital on the re.
venue of one-third, or half, of their average poor's-
rate for the last three years. The interest of the sum
so borrowed to be paid out of the annual rate, which,
owing to the reduced number and expenditure of their
poor, will gradually diminish from the present amount
down to entire extinction. By the time the parishes
shall have accomplished these arrangements, the mo-
del of the establishment, and its appendages, with the
regulations for its government, will be ready, and
then the execution of the plan may commence and
proceed without loss of time.
It may be useful here to remark, that the plan de-
veloped in my Report to the Committees of the As-
sociation for the relief of the Manufacturing and
Labouring Poor, and of the House of Commons, on
the Poor Laws, was intended for the parish poor e 4;
and of course no part of society will long continue
in a worse condition than the individuals within such
proposed establishments. Under these arrangements
the parish poor will soon lose their ignorant and vul-
gar habits, and acquire such an improved character
as the new circumstances will imperceptibly and spee-
dily give them. When these results irresistibly force
themselves on the minds of all, the meanest and most
miserable beings now in society will thus become the
envy of the rich and indolent. under the existing ar-
rangements. The change from the our system to the
NEW must become universal. To resist the introduc-
tion of this plan, in any part of the world, will now
be, as vain and useless. as for man by his puny efforts
to endeavour to preclude from the earth the vivifying
rays of the sup. . _ _ _

Such as has been described must be the beneficial
change that will be created among the existing pau-
pers, and at a greatly reduced expenditure. But,
under proper arrangements, the effective and inde-
pendent members of society may, in a short time,
be surrounded by circumstances that will afford them
all they can desire, all that can be of real service, or
add permanently to their happiness.
The first class of the voluntary and independent
Associations will possess benefits and be surrounded
by advantages of which no one can yet form an ade-
quate idea. No port of their tower, will be waited—
all will be employed to the greatest benefit for the in-
dividual, who, although not individualized, will en-
joy far more than the most successful of his class has
yet experienced. The members of this class will
soon be instructed to conduct the affairs of their own
village, with ease, order, and success. They may
come in, or sell out, whenever they choose ; they
may acquire all the endless advantages to be gained
from such an association ; and should they ever feel
inclined to try a change, and wish to return to old
society, they will experience every facility for the
purpose; but I do not contemplate that suck a wish
will ever arise, or exist in any one, after they shall
experience and comprehend all the advantage: which
the new societies will produce. Shortly they will
have no inducements, no motive to commit crime,
or to be immoral, but they will have every motive to
be active, cheerful, and humane. They will rapidly
acquiee such useful knowledge as will make them Ar-
dent in their endeavours to improve the condition of
all around them ; each will acquire such irresistible
energy in this cause, as no one now comprehends,
but which will perpetually kaep these societies in the
must delightful activity, and afford lull scope for all
the physical and intellectual powers of our nature;
and both will be directed in the right mine only.
But these valuable qualities will not be confined to
their own villages or associations ; persons, when '
properly trained for the purpose, will be sent from
time to time to travel, in order to collect and corn
municate knowledge ; to benefit and harmonize the
world by their superior wisdom and conduct, and
thereby cement and extend more and more the bond
of onion, good will, and mutual co-operation among
all mankind.

By these improved draw:etl, prejudices of every
