EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

We have received the Paris Papers and Private
Letters of Wedneiday, with the Pilote of yesterday,
by Empress. A report prevailed in Paris that the
Cortes bad denounced ABISBAL as a traitor—that
the King of SPAIN was immediately to proceed to
Cadiz, and that the French army in Catalonia was
in a very critical situation.

The Mon ileur contains two Official Dispatches
from General GUILLEMTNOT. The first is dated Ma-
drid, May 255 and takes a retrospective view of the pro-
gress of the army, flour the opening of the campaign
to its arrival in Madrid, during the whole of which
time, he says, the troops have observed the strictest
discipline, and constantly manifested the, desire of
showing their devotion. The Geneial states, that on
the arrival of the Due d'ANootmEsix at Buitrago on
the 17th of May, he found a Constitutionalist (un
parlimentaire), who had been sent by General ABIS-
SAL and the Municipality of Madrid, proposing
wholly to evacuate Madrid on the arrival of the
French army, in order to avoid those disorders which
would result from the population being left to itself.
This proposition being perfectly congenial to the in-
tentions of his Royal Highness, it was verbally agreed
that a corps under the orders of General ZAYAS
should remain in Madrid until the 24th, the day
fixed for the entry of the French. The Report then
mentions the attempt of BEssizarts to be the first in
ac capital, and his defeat, with the loss ofloo men
p: iLoners ; in consequence of which his Royal High-
ress sent his advanced guard to occupy the city'one
day sooner than was agreed upon. The second is
tile Official Dispatch relating to the affair at Tala-
Nei a. The following are extracts :

FROM THE MoNITEUR.
" PARIS, JUNE 4.
" ARMY OF THE PYRENNEES.
" Report of the Major-General of the Army of the
Pyrennees to the Minister of War:—
" MAD QUARTERS, MADRID, Sirm MAY, 1823.
" SlR—lmmediately after the entry of the army into Madrid
ot. the 24th inst. his Royal Highneu the Commander-in-Chief
gage orders that General Valhi), with the advanced guard of the
let corps, reinforced by.two regiments of light-horse and four
pieces of artillery, should advance on the road to Talavera de la
Enna, after the rear-guard of the enemy, in order that be might
be ready to attack it as soots as the time limited by the conven-

tion entered into fee the evacuation of the capital had expired,
which was at half-past three o'clock 'in the morning of the 26th.
" The intentions of his Royal Highness have been fulfilled.
Alter a forced march of two days and a night, General Wallin
regained on the enemy, and came up with him at six o'clock in
the morning of the 27th, within half a league of Talavera, and
near the bridge over the Alberche. The town was occupied by
about three thousand infantry, five hundred horse, and four pieces
of artillery. TWo squadrons of the 9th regiment of Chasseurs
passed the bridge and charged those placed to defend it. They
fired some discharges of case-shot, by which two Chasseurs of
the 9th were wounded. The infantry having alio passed the
bridge and took possession of a plantation of olives, where a
part of the enemy was stationed. The sth hussars passed the
river at a ford to the right of the town, and the remainder
of the cavalry debouched, covering the artillery and the reserver
—The 9th light infantry then made a rapid movement on the
town, while the cavalry turned to the right. The enemy, vigo-
rously attacked in front and threatened on his flanks, endea-
voured to effect a precipitate retreat by the bridge of Tage, and
in the direction of that of Arzobispo, and; succeeding in gaining
the wood which lay in his route, avoided the charge of our ca-
valry, who had made a movement to get at him. The enemy
had niany killed, a great number wounded, and we have taken
60 prisoners, among whom are a Lieutenant-Colonel and sonic
Officers. Ile has also lost 15 waggons laden with arms, and his
military chest, containing 40,000 francs.

" General Vallin reports that the troops charged with much
rapture and enthusiasm, and he mentions M. de Cliabaune,
Chef d'Escadron of the 9th Chasseurs, who commanded the
first charge; Captain Comte de Bouille, Aide-de-Camp of the
Due de Reggio; Captain Compagniac of the 9th Light Infantry;
Captain Mathias, his Aide-dc-Camp, and Lieutenant ?dilo, of
the 13th Light Infantry, as having particularly distinguished
themselves. The greatest order continues to reign in Madrid.
(Signed) " Major-General Comte GUILLEMINOT."
• FOURTH CORPS.

" The Duc de Cornegliano, in a dispatch dated Carda Deu,
May 29, informs the Minister of War, that General Donnadieu
is in communication with General Pamphile Lacroix, command-
ing the 6th division of the Second Corps, at Balaguer."

FROM THE PILOTE OF THURSDAY.
NEWS FROM SPAIN AND ITS FRONTIERS.
PUYCERDA, MAY 26.

We have been here in great alarm by the circula-
tion of various reports. The last news states, that
the French troops occupy the most essential points
before Barcelona to form the blockade.

It is announced that Romagosa is soon to arrive

at Delver.

PARIS, JUNE 4.
It is said that the French have entered Manresa,
and that Baron d'Eroles is at Saupedo, with 12,000
infantry and 1,200 cavalry.

Mina is marching for Cllaf, having with him a

numerous convoy.

It is asserted that Cardona is going to lie besieged
There was a confusion at Manresa on the approach
of the French troops, and the parties came to blows:
about twenty to twenty-five are said to have lost
their lives.

Accounts from Bayonne, of the 27th May, say—
" Letters from Madrid state, that the evening of the
21st proved fatal to Bessieres, who, joined by some
of the population of Madrid, summoned the town
to surrender. They were attacked by 2,000 of the
garrison,who destroyed them and made 800 prisoners."

After the closing of the Stock Exchange, reports
were circulated which had an effect on the Funds.
It was said that the Cortes had denounced General
d'Abisbal a traitor to his country. It was also said,
that the King of Spain would be immediately re-
moved to Cadiz; and that our army is Catalonia
was in a critical situation.

The French troops occupy' Granolles, and their
advanced posts are at Pleneda, Fosca, and Bar-
celona, extending to Moncada. It is stated as cer-
tain that a French squadron blockades Barcelona.

Fnincu Finn.—Five per cents. 89f. 10e. but owing to the
above reports after 'Change hours they fell to 88f. 60c.

PRIVATE LETTERS.
FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.

" PARIS, JUNE 4.

" Some disturbances broke out at Manresa, on the
approach of the french troops, and twenty persons
were killed.

" The news from the Army is far from being salts.
factory. Scarcely a day passes without Government
receiving dispatches, but their contents are frequently
not permitted to transpire, as was the case yesterday,
when dispatches were received, said to be far from
being satisfactory.
" More men and money, and both in considerable
quantity, must be sent, and that immediately, to
Spain,ln order to enable the Duc d'Angouleme to
maintain his present position. In Catalonia affairs

have reached an important crisis."

" PARIS, WZDIUMDAT.
" The Constitutionalists and the Liberals here still
continue to hope, and they say while Mina continues
in arms in Catalonia the cause is not lost, and ought
not to be despaired of. His whole conduct has in-
' deed been very skilful, and, when aided by the hot
weather, called by the Spaniards their best General, it
is probable he may drive the French out of that part
of the country. But before is able to accomplish
this, which, if private act.c::..ts may be relied on, he
is much nearer effecting than could be conjectured
from the official bulletins, his exertions will probably
want the sanction of a Government—he will be

branded as a rebel, and forsaken by the greater part
of his troops, who will not fight aga:nst both the
Priests and the. King.
" Every day the Ultra party here grows more san-
guine, and more resolved to do nothing with mode-
ration. Most of them being out of office,. though
'governing even the Monaich by their inffuence, they
know nothing of the trouble of directing operations,
or of the difficulty of finding supplies. The official
bulletins, which are manufactured for the Public,

deceive them more even than the mass of the Parisians,
because they wish them to be- true ; seeing none of.
the obstacles which teach caution to the Ministers,
and deceived by false accounts, they believe resistance
impossible; and already claim for their party
trouled sway. They are in the secret, and their
statements of certain success throughout the south of
Spain, of the triumph of the mode► ate party in the
Cortes, of the defection of some Generals and the
doubtful conduct of others, may be taken as an evi-
dence, not only of their wishes, but of the means
employed to accomplish them. Mina, however, they
cannot conquer, either by bribes or the sword ; and
therefcre they calumniate him. They treat him as a
brigand or a robber; and certain ai they appedr of
carrying their point at Madrid, they run the risk of
failing in Catalonia. If they fail it will be princi-
pally caused by self-delusion, very much strengthened,
if not wholly created, by their attempts to delude
others. At present tke, eis a sort of balance in pub-
lic opinion ; the successes of Mina having checked
the progress of that despair to which the conduct of
Abisbal and the accounts from Seville gave birth.

" The hopes of the Liberals are strengthened from
its being known that a serious division exists between
some of the French Generals of the army of Catalonia.
" The node and the other Ultra Journals, which
serve General Donnadieu as Gazettes to • make his
mat ches, if not his victories, known to the world, have
l►tely published some accounts of his proceedings,
which Moncey has not thought woi thy of an official
dress. The old Marshal is cautious and peeiii,ll, and
does not like to have his conduct inspected and com-
mented on, and in some measure dii ected, by an in-
ferior, but owing to his political tenets, more influen-
tial General.

" The Spania.rds have so recently shaken off the yoke
of superstition, of which they are not yet thoroughly
tired, that they are not happy wanting it. Every Pro-
clamation appeals to some of their old feelings, and
the Constitution is liable to have even its most zealous
partisans seduced by returning gusts of tenderness
and attachment to their old practices and old mas-
ters. The Greeks took up arms against their avowed
oppressors ; they may be subdued by terror, but can
never be seduced into slavery by affection for their
oppressors. The Constitutional Spaniards, on the
contrary, have for opponents, people whom they have
long fegarded with veneration, and are more liable
to be subdued by their own feelings than by the arms
lof their antagonists. By appealing to their feelings,
the French will ultimately succeed, and they will only
fail, should the first blush of success hurry them on
to employ and to rely only on violence."

Our accounts from Bayonne this morning, which
are to the 80th ult. give but a gloomy picture of the
present state and future prospects of the French in
Epain. Though the French army occupies Madrid,
and the Due d'Ascoumexte has summoned the Coun-1
cil of Castile, yet it is believed few of the Members
will accept the invitation, and the nation will not
obey its decisions. The victory of MINA over Gene-
ral DONNADIEIT at Vich, on the 19th ult. seems no
longer questionable: at Bayonde it was reported that
DONNADIRU was completely defeated, and afterwards
taken prisoner; and that General CURIAL had also
been defeated in four successive engagements pre-
vious to the 23d ult. Should this be the case, the
French army in Catalonia may be considered as put
hors de combat.

The PASTOR and CASIPANILLA ate said to be at.
tempting a junction, when their forces, ten thousand
strong, will attack Vittoria, and endeavour to occupy
the defiles of Salinas. Such a movement would ren-
der the situation of the French army in Madrid very
critical in case of any reverse ; and even the Bayonne
accounts hint at the possibility of the French retiring
from Madrid, in which case it is said they will pro..
teed to Arragon, and establish their head-quarters
at Saragossa.
It is said that a salute of 101 guns' had been
fired at Pampeluna, announcing, it was supposed, the
victory of MINA. These accounts, however, must be
received with some qualification, as they talk of an
English Legion under Sir Roamer WILSON joining
MortaLo. The following are extracts:
