BIWA SAtA POLYGI.OI'I%I

TEXTUS ARCHETYPOS VERSIONESQUE PRJECIPUAS
gCCLESIA ANTIQUI rus RECEP F

COMPLECIrENTIA.
THE PLAN of this WORK is as novel es it is
useful: in its progress, it will be found to have receives,
in every department, that distinguished attention whicl, is re-
cessary to ensure correctness and beauty of execution. The
loran iu whic:, it will appear are, Four uniform Pocket Volumes
or One Quarto Volume. —The Pro Teams, consisting of Thirty-
two Pages, wirh Specimens of the Languages, &e. is de-
livered gratis, and may be now had, through every Bookseller,
of Mr. Bagster, No. 81, Strand, London; and (as soon as his
Premises are ready) in Paternoster-row; where the Work will
commence publication in a few weeks.
Subscribers' Names are received by every Bookseller in the
United Kingdom ; or may he sent direct to Mr. Bagster.—The
List of Subscribers will be printed.
_ _-- 1.77= .7f=.:71-

FROM SATURD;fr NIGHTS G.METTE.

FOREIGN OFFICE, SEFrEMBER. 5.

His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been pleasecl,in the
name and on the behalf of hi. Majest f, to approve of Mr. Her-
man Visger, is Consul at lirtatol for the United States of Ame-
rica.

MILI FARY PROMOTIONS.
WAR-OFFICE, SEPTEMBER 7.
ed Regiment of Life Guards—Major Charles Webb Dance, froM
halt-pay of the 7th West India Reginteut, to be Major, vice
Charretie, who exchanges.
Ist Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Assistant-Surgeon John M.
Bartley, M.D. front half pay of the .sth Fuot, to be Assistaut-
Surgeoni vice Macauley, who exchanges.
2d Ditto—Lieutenant W. R. Soulshy to be Captain of a Troop,
by porchase, vice Haines, wbo retires; Cornet Lawrence Pig ice
to be lieutenant, by purchase, vice. Soulsby ; Peter Bailout,
Gent. to be Comet, by purchase vice Graham, promoted.
6th Ditto—Lieutenant H. S. Notol:, from the 7th Four, td be
Lieutenant. vice Marshall, who exchanges.
7th Ditto—Lieutenant John Lovewell to be Qaptain of a Troop,
by purchase, vice Westropp, who retires.
2d Regiment or Dragoons—Ensign James Travers Burke, from
the 58th Foot, to he Cornet, rice O'Brien' who exchanges.
4th Ditto—Roliert Nicolson brew, Gent. to be Cornet, by par-
chase, vice Burrowes, promoted.
7th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Lieutenant John George Mad-
drum to be Captain of a Troop, by purchase, vice Wildman,
promoted in the 24 West-India Regiment ; Cornet ! honourable
G. D. R. F. Strangways to be Lieutenant, by purcha..e, vice
Priaddison.
18th Ditto—Wm. Amherst, Gent. to be Cornet, by purchase,
vice Machell, promoted.
2014 Di:to—Roblrt Kirkpatrick Emetic', Gent. to be Cot net, by
purchase, vice Massey, promoted.
21st Ditto—Ensign Martin l.indsay, from the 78th Foot, to be
Cornet, by purchase, vice Carter, promoted.
22d I)itto—Cornet Charles Wetherell, from the Bth Light Dra-
goons.ro be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Oakes, promoted in
the Ist Ceylon Regiment.
23d Ditto—Ensign A. M. Bayard, from the 75th Foot, to be
Cornet, by purchase, vice Farmer, promoted.
25th Ditto—Ensign Wm. Willey, from the York Light infantry
VW...otters, to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Bower, who
retires.
Ist Regiment of Foot—l.ieutenant James Chime, front half pao
'et the Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice. Lamont, who ex-
changes.
2d Ditto—Surgeon Maurice Alexander, M.D. from half pay of
the Royal
.Corsican Rangers, to be Surgeon, vice Hilt, de-
ceased.
4th Ditto—Lieutenant John J. Kane, from half pay of the Regi-
ment, to be Lieutenant, vice Boyd, who exchanges.
sth Ditto—Michael Collins, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Roberts, promoted.
7th Ditto—. Lieutenant Thomas G. Marshall, from the 6th Dra-
goon Guards, to be Lieutenant, v.ce Nona', wile exchanges.
10th Ditto—Areistarit-Surgeon GaVilla Portelli; tram half-pay of
the Regiment, to be Assisi ant-Surceon, vice Orr, deceased.
16th Dlttd—lieutenant Richard Meredith, from the half pay of
the i9th Foot,to be Lieutenant, vice Loppidot, who exchanges.
20th Ditto—Quarter-Matter John Dodd, iron the will Foot, to
be Quarter-Master, vice Ho.ith, Who retires upon half-pay of
the oOils Foot ; Assistant-Surgeon W. Gardiner. from hall pay
of the 6th Royal Veteran Battalion, to be As.istant-Surgeon,
vice Renwick, who exchanges.
25th Ditto.—Quaner-Master Janies Campbell, from half.pay of
the Regitneut, to be Quarter-Master, vice Leach, who el-
changes.
28t1, Ditto—Capt. Richard Tomlinson, from the half pay of the
Regiment, to he Paymaster; vice Dewes, placed upon halt pay.
Lieutenant C. H. Short, from half pay of the tots Foot, to be
lieutenant, vice Waring, who exchanges.
34th Regiment of Foot—Ensign T. Francis L'Estrange, front
half pay of the sth Fooi, up be Ensign, vice liuvenden, who
exchanges.
33th Ditto—l.ord Frederick Lennox to be Ensign, with Out pur-
chase, vice Carter, who resigns.
37th Ditto--Lieuteuant G. H. Fitz Gerald to be Captain of a
Company, by purchase, vice Hoffman, who retires.
43d Ditto—To he Ensigns, by purchase—Charles Stanhope Jones,
Gent. vice Hole, who retires; Luna G. Smith, Gent. vice
Kershaw, promoted.
44111 Ditto—William Rutter, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Femur, promoted in the 4th Dragoons.
45th Ditto—Marcus Richardson, Gent. to be Ensign, by pus*.
clears, vice Morgan, promoted.
49th Dittoo-Lieuteriant William Lynar, from the 10341 Facie,
lo be Lieutenant, vice Munro, who exchanges.
58t Ditto—Cot tot Edward O'Brien, from the 24 Dragoons, to
be Ensign, vice Burke, who exchanges.
61st Ditto--Lieutenant William Sayers,from half fay of the 10th
Foot, to be Lieutenant, %ice &hen, wto exchanges; Lieu.
,tenant George Frederick Pascal, front half-pay of the late itd
Battalion of the Line of the Kieg's German Legion, to be
Lieutenant, vice Campbell, appointed tit 'the 96th Foot.
64th Ditto—Lieutenant George R. Canirsie, from the lad Foot,
to be Lieutenant, vice Auchnauty, whit excliangeL
67th Ditto—Captain Samuel Patrickson to be Major, by pur-
chase, vice Better, promoted in the 2d Garrison Bamboo.
69th Ditto—Captain Adam Fife, from the Royal African Corps,
to be Captain of a Company, vice Willats, who exchanges.
73d Ditto—Lieutenant R. Mulcuter Auditinaty, front the 64th
Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Campsie, who exchanges.
87th Ditto—Captain J. B. Leonard,. from the ttd Life Guards, to
be Captain of a Company. vice Vyse, who exchanges.
90th Ditto—Lieutenant Nathaniel Tayler, •frour halt-pay of the
Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice Lyuci‘ who's schangts.
91st Ditto—Lieutenant John Streatheld, from half-pay of the 71st
Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Fenwick, who txdiatiges, receiving
the difference.
98th Ditto—Captain Donald Maclean. from half-pay of the 7211
Eton, to be Captain of a Company, vice De Guillienny, whO
exchanges; Lieutenant John Campbell, from the 61st Foot,
to be Lieuteriant, without port:base, vice Grant, deceased.
97th Ditto—Captain B. Foz, from the 4th West India Regiment,
to be Captain of a Company, vice Malone, who exchanges.
1034 Ditto—Lieuteoant Hector Munro, from the 49tb Foot, to
be Lieutenant, vice Lynar, who each:loges.
Ist West Indiaßegimene-I,:ieutenant Patrick Rice, from hag-
pay of the Bourbon Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice Walker,
who exchanges.
Sd Ditio—.Amistaat-Surgeon James Lamar,' from half-pay of.,

the orb W,--t meta Refinent, to he • ••• taw
TA!, val.r ,reign.

',C R.

urgoolt, 111111

4t!. Ditto—" hr Clpt-tins of eampanics--Itrevet-Major I. Ma.
lone, rpm th- 9701 Yqrst.Vee Fnx, who eichangeg; Captain
G. ti. Coneliy, front ti:e half-pay of the 2d V.r..st In Ea Red.
mem, vice I haniptit. who exchanges To he r.ns!gn. blf
purchase—Charles 'Frannie; Gtnt. vice Barwick, promoted
in the eOsh Fant.

Royal African Corrs—Captstn P. Willits, from th• 6Ptb Foot,
tube Captain of a Company, vice rife. who e%ebarget.
2d Ceylon Rrgim•ttt—lxr:res itioper, Gent. to be hermit! Lien.

. .
tenant, Int porch,te, t,:ze , promwe•i.
C► Ev LT.--Captain R Aar.: W. H. Howard Vygo.. of the 2.1 Re-
g:rnt•ct of I.ife Guards, to be Major ht the A.-ow
STAFF.—I ferry Ponp'eton, Gent. to he a Uepn•y Atsistnnt

Cw!ialivisty:Gener4l to eat Force..; tl” It,v Owlet Job..in
Lyon, B.A. to be a Cl:vials to Ow Foreci
Masioaitivrata.—Am.istaw4iegcoo Swift, wf *its Roth Foot, is
stymied, baits alma w thou•
Commission in the liereforhhfre l'eoma.!re r:tvairy, sired by
the Lord lietvenarit of the CMl:l'y of tienaorl
Thomas Davies, Gera. to he Corny!.

BANKRUPTCY EN!. AR G 7.). •
October 14, John rid I and 'meth W0;11e.7, tare of Oftwattar;
now residing hi Lend,m, merchants and copartners, duelers
and chapmett, at ter, at iluil‘lhaU.
October )9, !antes Cradocke, of Down ing-strart, Westin; aster',
p•ct ure at ter, at Guildbal.
October 17,'1 I:utnii MID?: Callaway, of Dash, optiolderer, dearer

and ch•rmlit, at NI!. at Outlthaii.
th Wit Oe:er 12. iam liackman, of Sa'ut Janus, Vlldtllegexottereir
chant, fjctor, dealer : nd c! ipman, at eleven, at Guildhall.
BANK KU vror gtYPZItSEDED.
John Charman, of Norton Fa!gate. linen-draper.

BANKRUPTS.
loseph Fuller, of the Neathoese., 01 of St. C-nNe, Hatrover-
square, gattlener. nurseryman, see Iman, ear m.l chapman,
to surrender September 10, 17, and October 49, at .lorem at
Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Morris, No. I, liorreterr%
%Vettntinster.
lohn Ranson the younger. of `:underland near the ;lea, Durham,
draper, Sept. 18, so, and Octobtr 19. at eleven, a the Galicia
Linn Inn, Sunderland near the •ea Attornies. Mr. Charlei
Wilson, Grey'lle-street, Hatton Garden, London; or Mr. Jo-

seph Hines, Sunderland.
Thomas Whether, of Ext•er, spir;t merchant, Sept. 19, 21, and
October 19, at elevt n, at the. Hotel, Ewer. Attornies,Mesirs„
tlatLe, Chrrch, ai,d D.trite, 10, eritices-%treet, liedtord-row,
Loudon; or Mi.. .1-:ho Nortll-..treet. Exeter.
Simon HAord, of So ishowrant, Y hnukseller, school.

. . . .
master, dealer and chaprnan. Seprentner 14, 2rl, and Octut.er.
19, at clever', at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. llartlty, 26, glee,
... . _ . .

Bridge-street, Blackfnars, London
William Opulent', of lit I,tcone, Cornwall, mercer, dealer arkl
chapman, Sept. 16, 17, and October 19, at twelve, at Gutdh..ll.
Atornies, Nplessrs. Bourdillon and H*' 'r, tl:! Criday--treet.
ShirleyWiibant and Jesse Shirley. of Skelton, St lre upon Fruits
Staft.pulshtre, potters and copartners, Sept. 14, at :our. Sept.
16, and October It, at eleven, at the Swan las. Haaley.--•
Atornies, Mr. Wil pun, Kites Bench W.:As Temple, London,

or Mr. Griffin, rentli.an . near Stone. -
William :ilthrtil and Townsend Tinthrel!, ll
tba
Gtiuge kV .
sur•ay, its her-h‘etnrs and co.
partial:to, i 7, .toil t.dziriber '4,:.: twelve, at fluedhali,
Attornies. Messi t. and Llnrion!, Braun/ place, it USSICii.•
square, Londua.
Joseph Higgim, of Chipping Norton, Oxford.h: re, tneitster, Sept.
iO, at three, September 21, and October l!, at ten, at the
WM', Hart Inn, Chipping 2thoton. Att 'rule., Mr. Anthony
Watts, 10, Sistrosd's lon, /..ondoti ; M:. Samuel Beak, et
Upton upon *vein.
Samuel Price, late of Lartlishy, litreSordihire, re.lipkePper,
dealer aril chapman, September /5,17, Grd 30.iber 19, at 11,
• IA Hei.:f.)rd. AL1.G..1.t6. M.. fai..e,
New Boswell.cou-t, I.on ;Cr Messrs JallWb and Bode*.
barn, I:co:A-street, tieroford•
Thomas hair.) s s, of ivlarton, eliesbire, salt-prprievr, dealer Ind
Chapman, October 2,9, and 19, at ur,., ..t t.,.0 Amiel in
A;torries, Lelo, ss, Los.
d to ; or Nltsfrt. Itowson an! Suds, Pre,e..c.
Sims, of l'ortsea, Hattr4, grocer, dealer and. charms',
Sept. 23, at ores Sept. 24. a: LieVICU,aI4 LiCt!.l•Cr 19, at OM, at-
the inita Ann. Inn, Gusrirt. Ne.essr. Al:itazidee
and tlidnv, Nu. to, New Inn, London; or Mr. C‘eichhank,
Gosport.
William Harris and John DielOnton, of Maryror, Cmnherlind,
siil-eluth manufacturers and copartners, Sept. •.:0, at .12, Sept.
21, and Octtsher 19, at eleven, at the Gulden Nlatyport.
Attornies, Messrs. Farrer, Steadman and UnthJll, Gray's funs
London; or Mr. Hodgson, Whi.eltaven.
Robert Crass and William Cross, of Biewood, Staffordshire,
tanners, de.tiers and chairmen, Sept. l's, at ten, alept. 17, and
October 19, at eleven, at the Royal slate), I's wide row, Dlr.
mingbam. Attu:lies, Messrs. Clat aud Rie.tartit, f:hancerp
lane, London; or Messrs. Stubbs, Mede and Wda., in Bir-
mingham.
.1 hi,mas V. ri,iht, cf Stotirport, Wore .aten hire, tinthermerchant,
dealer anti C:11p111111, ds, ai the Li :ad Inn,
Gloucester, att.; Ocßiber 19, at the Scar ai!.l I Irrter Cavern,
Worcester, at th yen. Attorn:e., Mr. Thoin:.. I ivelis, No.ll 4
St..r.ir lust, I un.iin ; or Mr. Umiii:l Borves, iris;
Anne Sutton Roberts, of Leeds, Yoikshire; sr, flattplnner
and linen manutactut Gaoler 1, :s, ati,t 19, eleven, at
the Con rt-house, Leeds. Attoruies, Aoessr,. Atkinson and
holland, Leeds.
John foster, of Barton-upon-Number, 1317.17.1i,51tire, mal:ftrr,
dealer and chdpinan, Sept. 13, It two, at 'I Oct. 19, at ten,
at the White Swan, Barton-upon-Humber. Atturuies, Messrs.
Brown and Son. Barten.upon.Huntber ; ur Mr. ruches, No. 5,
Gray's lint-syisarc, London.
Benjamin Davies, of the Parish of Saint Mirtin, in tin. Te-A•rt
and County of liaverfordwe.sr, mere:tam, dt-alet and chapnlatt,
Sept. IX, 14, and Oct. 19, at eleven, at the Castle Inn, in 'het
'fowls and County of Haverturdwest. iittoraies, Mr. 1 hookas
Staple-lint, Lyndon; or Mr. Liavid Haver•
furdwest.

James Sales, of Milford, Pembrokeshire, green', deaier and eh*.
man, Sept. 17, 24, and October 19, ai., twelve, a .he White
lion Inn, Bro;d•street, t ti. 01. Attornies, Mr. William I.v/re
ton Clarke, Bristol; or Messrs. Jenkins, Jaaael, 41141 Abbe,
New-Inn, I.ondon. •
William Saiec, of Milford, Pembrokeshire, rhopkeeper, dada
and CW11.114.11, Sept. I' Y 4, and October 19, at two, at ebb
White Lion Inn, Brow' street, Briszul. Atterefes, Mr. Wi-
liam Lewt on Clarke, Bristol; or Messrs. Jetakiui, James, and
Abbott, New-Inn, laotiduu.
Harriet Sutherland, of the City of Canter! cry, milliner, dealer
and chairwoman, Sept. 16, at seven, 17, on! October e 9, at
eleven, at the t uilehall, Canterbury. Attornies htr. I(.hn
Nuu,Canterbury; or ,Ir. John Allen, Cliih.rd'salnn, Lmtdon.
Henry Stark, of the Strand,„hliddle4ez, lino! tinker, Sept. 14,
28, and October 19., at eleven, at Cuil.ihall, Lunch*. At.
tonnes, .Messrs. Collins and Waller, Spizal.square
John.Hawes and Lawrence Breyer, Mite Anchor Yard, Brim-
mary•lane, Middlesex, sugar.refiners and partners, 6.1,t. I
21, and October 19, at ten, at G.0.0.1s q, Lyndon. .i.ttorne,,
Mr. Linda man, Upper Crown-street, \Veg.:mins:cr.
Thomas Lowden, of liischen, Beets, ionftolder, Sept. 10, 24, and
uctober 19, at ten, at Guildhall, I.ondon. Attoruh:., Mer•rr.
White and Bostock, Tolteubouse yard, London.
John Jed-cries. of Rastrick, Heintz, Yorkshire, victualler, Sept.
14, 28, aird October 19, at tirveti, at Guildhall,
,Londoe. At.
torney, Mr. Abliott,Lbchurcb bale, rim bard-street, Landoll..
AVERAGE PRICE of CORN in ENGLAND and WALES,
from the ratans, ending the 31st of Au3ligtolBl6
Wheat. Rye Barley. Oars. brans. Peas.
I
86 9 146 4I 37 31.24 4' 139 9 VI 3
The average Price of Sugar, oorp,puted from the returns math
in the wait vain the 284/aiisptetuba,ls 446. lOid. per own

.

FRENCH PAPBRS.

PARIS, SEPTEMBER 4.
There was, on the Ist instant, at Calais, a desad-
fnl hurricane, which threatened destruction to many
vessels within sight of that port. A Danish vessel
ran aground near Gravelines, and the crew, with the
exception of one man, perished..
NAPLES, AUGUST 18.
On the &Mit. a Royal Ordinance was published,
prohibiting under severe penalties of banishment, fine
and imprisonment, all secret associations, including
of course masonic institutions.
The extraordinary mission of Mr. Pinckney, the'
American Plenipotentiary, occupies much public at-
tention here. The following is a brief history of the
confiscation of the American vessels by Murat, and
for which compensation is now claimed.
The American schooner Rait, Captain Thomson,
of Baltimore, catered the port of Naples with coffee
in 18t10. It was sequestrated, but soon after released
on the representations of the American Consul," Mr.
F. Dcgen. The Marquis de Gallo, Minister for
Foreign Affairs, on this occasion wrote the following
letter to Mr. Degep
:
" Nimes, JOLT 9,1809.
• " San—The King having taken into conaideration your note
tittle 28th of May, relative to the American schooner Rait,
Captain Thomson, which sailed from Baltimore for Naples with
a cargo of coffee, and provided with the necessary papecs in'due
form, has decidid that the said vessel shall brrestomditicaptata
Thomson, who may make free use of the merchandise sad pro-
perty it contains. At the'same time his Majesty his decided as
a general mean" that an American vessels arriving In this
kingdom, directly loaded and destined for itsportsishall be freely
admitted therein, vrovUed they are furnished with the necessary
certificates of origin, and sailing pipers ; and provided they are
lot in contravention of the Royal Decrees of the 20th Rearnaber,
3806, end 9tl fanuary, 181;8, relative to English Commerce and
that of Neutral Power!. which Decrees must be maintained is
fall force. (Sigma) " TO& 1411aQ0IS Da iIALLO."
This letter was sent to America, profusely distri.
buted there, and was the cause hat, in 1810 and
1811, many American vessels with rich cargoes suc-
cessively entered the port of Naples. They were
obliged to unload at the eipense of the consignees,
cud deposit their merchandise in the public ware-
bouses, under pretence that they would not be re.
ceived in quarantine with Out this formality. The
customs kept one key, and gave the other to the
Consignees. When the number of American vessels
bad increased to SO, the consignees bad their keys
taken from them under pretence of an order from
Bonaparte at Paris, and the merchandise Was sold by
.auction. The Minister of Finance caused even the
. weasels be sold, with the exception of some which
were kept to be equipped for the service of Murat.--
The Rait, for instance, still forms part at this !no-
spent of the fleet of Ferdinand IV. The sum prci.
diced by these sales amounted to between four and
five millions of Naples ducats, and was applied
chiefly to the abortive expedition against Sicily.--
The consignees bad even difficulty in recovering
payment for their expenses and disbursements. The
ship Hercules, Captain West, was the only one.which
bad the good fortune to be released : it was dispatch.
ed to Civita•Vecchia, to take on board Lucien 80.
• naparte and his family, and convey them to America;
but, as is well known, he was taken on his route by
the English, and conducted to Malta, uid from
thence to England.
It is rather remarkable, that the Government of
the United States never claimed indemnity, at least
ostensibly, for these vessels, while Murat occupied
the throne of Naples.

PRIVATE LETTER.
" PARIS, SZTIIOIIIIIII S.
" I give-you the following lttwr o
extract of a
the 13th ult. from Algiers. via Marseilles s—"the
city is in the finest state of defence: On the land
side, a strongly entrenched camp surrounds it. Its
arsenals are filly provided. Government have armed
the Sieves, and promised them liberty after the de-
feat of the invaders. The Dry continues to be the
object of the love and admiration of his people. He
daily reviews his troops, and superintends himself all
preparations for defence. Such is his activity, that
he seems present every where.'
,* M. de Talleyrand quitted Paris on the 2d for
Bourbon-Archambauld.
44 The return to Paris of M. de Trogoff. one of
Monsieur's Aid-de-camps. lately exiled trot, Court,
is publicly announced. The liberation of Colonel
Bernard, the manager of a false correspondence some
time since detected, and the Director of the Police of
the Princes, has not been thus publicly announced,
though the fact be certain t this, with other circum-
dances, she's the triumph of the Ultras to be com-
plete. The Party are now busily engaged in new
modelling the Ministry. The King gibes op at
length M. Leine to the Princes; the latter, in return
for this concession, kindly allow his Majesty to retain
M. de Cues, obi is it great object of Royal-predi-
lection, chiefly on accouni of his companiolde quali-
ties; this Minister has also a useful auxiliary at
Court in his sister, Mde. P.whose attractions operate
powerfully on the King.
* M. Lafitte's plan of finance, adopted by the
Cominissi,at of the Budget, is'ssid to offer 'an inva-
gable nine to the new Ministry sit meets all pm. eat
gencies, and is adequate to every future purpose
of the State t but it takes Oldie -credit Wiry
• and consequently pre=supposes a fair representation,
a popular Government„ and the repeal of all urrelm-
ststutional laws, such as the hi is, cusitairi the 41 its
wit sedisieuss, the law restricting the liberty of the
press, and such measures as portend, desiens upon
the national property ; which system isnot-likely to
be that of the party taming into power. ;
The finances, however, Ammo to give but little
concern to the Minister of filet department; for since '
his return from the waters, M. eareeti,on, *idly
spent his time at his country house, where, instead of
plans of finance, he is busied in drawing op plus for
his gardens; the Minister for Foreign Affairs, has
little to do, except when he reeeivesinetiactions from
St. Petersburgh ; the Marine Department has long
been a sinecure ; the War Office alone gives full ein-
floyment to its chief, in raising men, in keeping others
in subordination, .and in restoring the military re-
sources of the country. Frequent desertions take
place in the Royal Guard ; the old soldiers corrupt
the new, and propagate the milk of disaffection;
they are deeply affected by the trials of their former
leaders. One of these veterans tore off, the other.day,
.she placard, advertising the trial of Generale Borde,
chime, saying. ,4 11 at c'ask ici d'ius affairs eagos.
mw, ou it GiNfill oey outursccaitipb"..

. . ,

I .

MOO! 01. men:
• •

• r
Sou TEtle, AtiotlsT as.
The wishes and hopes which we have been led to
cherish by the accession of. our Sovereign, the King.
of Denmark, to the German Confederation, are on
the point of being accomplished. His Majesty has
by a decree of the 19th instant, named a Committee,
which is to meet on the 4th of November, this year,
At Copenhagen, in order to deliberate on the Consti.
union to be given to the Duchy, and to lay before
his Majesty the result of the deliberations for his de.
cision. The Committee consists of nine Members.

• COPENHAGEN, AUGUST 24..
A West Indiaman has lately arrived here, which
performed the voyage in 35 days. It is said there is
no example on record of a ship having made the
voyage in so short a time. We hear that two Depu-
ties have arrived here from the inhabitants (nut Eu-
ropeans) of our West India colonies, to make repre-
sentations concerning their patinas.
VIENNA, AUGUST at.
The son of the English Ambassador, Lord Stew-
art, who was on his way from London to join his
father here, was detained on the frontiers, because he
.neglected the.necessary foinsality of having his piss
ports signed by an Ambasiador in London, the dif-
ficulty was, however, soon removed, and orders Seat
to the officers on the frontiers to allow the young
man to continue his journey hither.
Since the arrival of a courier the day before yester-
day at. the English Ambassador's, it is reported that
Lord Exmouth has received the most positive in-
structions, which have been long and ardently de-
sired, to suppress the excesses of the Corsairs, and
that he is to demand irons *the Government at Al-
giers, besides the mere abolition of slavery, the de-
him of the whble marine, and re-payosent of all
sums received for the ransom of Christian slaves,
since the last Treaty concluded oa that subject, and
in ease of " refusal to employ force.

FRANKFORT, AUGUST 25.
We flatter ourselves with the hope of seeing the
Duke of Wellington here for some days during the
fair, wben his Highness will visit the headquarters
in Alsace. The Pitt will hardly be opened before
or during the fair, but after this time it will nut
be longer delayed.
The Es-Queen of Spain is still here, but lives so
retired that nobody would guess her abode.
Hamburgh—Excbange on London, 27th ;ad 30th
August, 35. 9.
