IRELAND.

Conic.—Three men have been apprehended by
T. P. YOKES, Esq. for the murder, in Jan. 182'3, of
Fred. Petit, the servant of Mr. Smith.
Saturday night last, the woodranger's house on the
lands of llphan, the property of Captain Corn:novas
set fire to and burned.

Sunday the '2 :h ultimo several thousands of
country people assembled on the Kilpatrick road,
about two miles from Bandon, for the purpose, it
should seem, of enga2,ing in the lawless and danger-
ous practice of bowling. The Rev. Josbant JERVOIS,
with his usual attention to the duties of the i‘lagice-
rial office, dispatched s! me of the new police, who
immediatey dispersed the multitude. It. was under-
stood that tlaty, would return next day in greater
numbers, inclined to make resistance to any interrup-
tion °fired them—they did so, and Mr. JEtivots,
accompanied by the police, again dispersed them.
About seven o'clock that. evening, a party of above
1O) men, a great portion of whom were armed•with
large cudgels, assembled outside Mr. JERVOI3.3 gate,
near Bandon, and commenced a riot. Mr. Jenvots,
with two of his servants, and the Bandon Bridewtll-
- who was present, advanced to disperse them.
Mr. Jenvots, however, having lashed amongst them
with his usual intrepidity, secured two, and a party
of the police coming up, three more were taken.
A large number afterwards assembled at the Old
Chapel-cross, near Bandon, and manifested every dis-
position to serious rioting, so much so, that Mr Jett-
vots, at the hour of tea at night, had to repair there
with the Police, and read the Riot Act before they
would disperse. Mr. Jenvots then kept patroling
the country till a late hour, and until everything was
restored to a state of tnuiquillity.

EMANCIPATION GE SLAVES IN RUSSIA.—In the
Government of Livonia, including the province of
Vessel, 39,013 males, and 38,4.83 females have been
liberated from personal slavery during the early part
of this year. In this emancipation of the peasantry
the Emperor ALEXANDER is said to have taken a very
lively interest.
By a sentence passed last month, the Chamber of
Correctional Police of the Tribunal of Bourdeaux
has condemned the Sicur Scolan, a Captain of long
standing in the Navy, to be deprived of his rank, and
prohibited from exel cising his profession, for being
engaged in the Stave Trade.
A private letter from Breslau says, that the su.'.
preme Tribunal of Breslau has condemned to six years
solitary confinement in a fortress, two young men who
belonged to a secret society of a political nature.
The most lucrative employment for the poor, jast
at this time, rypears to be in the silk manufactories,
which establishments are daily increasing in the coun-
try. The demand for mourning crape is at present
'very great. Manufactories are springing up in se-
,veral populous towns, where the good effect's are
witnessed in the reduction of the poor-rater. The.
mourning crape, we are told, can be made by'wornen
and children, who earn from 7s. to 10s. per week;
but the manufacture of silks and satins, which it mote
laborious, and can be performed by men only, is far
more advantageous. At Saffron Walden an estab-
lishment of this description has recently been opened,
`where, during a certain period required for learning
the art, the labourer is paid 2s. per day, and after
that he is allowed what he may be able to earn
which, we are told, is from' I:2 to £3 per week. Th;
poor-rates have already been reduced at that place
from Ss. to 3s. Bd. in the pound.
BattroL.—Fr iday se'nnight, four men called at the
'sign of the Blue Anchor public-house, near Ham-
green, on the road to Pill, and after regaling them-
selves for some time, finding that the landlady (an
aged woman) was the only person besides themselves
in the house, one of them
,went quietly up stairs, and
began breaking open drawers, boxes, &c. which he
emptied of what cash and portable articles he could
find, while his associates below kept up a continual
singing, to drown the noise above, and divert the old
Lady's attention. Having completed their purpose,
they deliberately walked off; but the woman soon
discovering her loss, gave the alarm, when our Mem-
ber (H. BRIGHT, Esq.), who resides close by, and his
servants, commenced a search, and took two of the
culprits, who had secreted themselves in a ditch ; the I
other two, finding themselves hard pushed, took to
the water, behind Chapel Pill ; here My. Fyson and
his servants joined the pursuit, and giving alarm to
Mr. Wellington, at the Powder-house, on the oppo-
site (Shirehampton) side, the swimmers, or rather
waders, had but little chance, of escape, as Mr. Wel- ,
lington ran into the water as& dragged,ose on shore 0
the other landed higher op, add was finally secured;
by Mr. Wellingtons son. They proved to be des•
perate characters, and were all committed to Ivel-
'Chester jail, to take their trial for robbery,. 1
