1'

1!
.0
.4

47
I

1 ,

i•'l

ti .I
`1

that were the we, he thought it was hard

fbithful public servant.
)RT said the right hon. gentleman had said
t's Administration wan popular in the begin.
become unpopular ? Because the Duke of
Wel-
lingtonr ',proved the wishes of the people. He hoped whenever any
Minister opposed the wishes of the country, that he would be driven
from power.
Mr. WESTERN said. he agreed with the petition that distress
pervaded all the industrious classes of the people. The petitioners
stated the causes to which they attributed this deep and general dis.
ere.. ; in the principal of those he fully agreed—the ruinous changes
is the currency of the country. This had ruined thousands, and was
continuing to ruin thousands—from the highest capitalist to the la.
*vow in the field. With abundance of capital in the country the
people were driven to desperation. The evil to the people was low
wages, and this arose from the want of profit to the manufacturer and
agriculturist. There was an irritation amongst even the middle clams
of eatery at was loosening the bonds of society. He confessed fie felt
the grades alarm at contemplating the consequences. Unless the pea
ple were r lieved by Parliament retracing their steps on the subject of
currency, ot by a reduction of taxes far beyond what had been yet pro-
posed, the country must become convulsed at no distant period.
Sir R. INGLIS said, he was confident the intelligent portion of the
community did not desire reform now more than they did six months
refl. Those who never thought. and were easily excited, might have
*.tett a feeling for the present, but he was confident they would soon re.
turn to a healthful state of opinion. (A great laugh.)
M. BERNAL was astonished at the opinion advanced by his bon.
friend. He was convinced there was a load cry for reform amongst the
intelligent claws of the community, and that no Government could long
maintain its ration who did not answer the call. (Hear.)
Mr. TWISS said he was quite surprised at Gentlemen laughing
when his Hon. Friend slid the opinion in favour of reform was not as
general as they supposed. He thought each Member had an equal
right to form and to express his opinion. He was confident there was a
great diversity of opinion on the subject.
Mr. DUNCO MBE said, reform and the abolition of slavery, to
which Government had pledged themselves, had both made the greatest
advances in public opinion, and neither could be long delayed.
Mr. ATTWOOD said, the demand for reform was great, and he did
not believe it was for a temperate reform ; but that ministers would find
themselves on a slippery foundation, which would slide away from tin-
der them. It was not the corn laws mentioned in the petition, but the
changes of the currency that produced the misery of the country. The
petition bespoke the opinions of the people, and he called upon the go-
vernment that placed its dependants on the public confidence to attend
to its prayer. The petitioners told, the house, that unless reform be con.
ceded, a wide-spread rebellion will ensue, and England become the vic-
tim of civil war. When he saw an administration that prided itself too
much on popular applause, he would beglad to hear from them whatpart
of the existing system of this country they meant to preserve. Wbsa
last a Whig administration was in power, their first act was to doable
the income tax, the constant object of their former condemnadea—
the first act of the present was to be an increase of the
army, to keep down the people on whom they professed to
for support. He preferred the manly declaration of the late mi-
nistration. (Hear.) The people demanded reform—and they dis-
mantled relief from the misery they were so long suffering. They
demanded reform from a Government that gave no security to pro-
perty—that drove them to insupportable distress. (Hear, hear.
The present Government were incapable of giving any relief—they
were as harmless as the late administration. The minister, on his ac.
' cession to power, said, distress should be immediately inquired into and
relieved. He called upon them not to delude the people by the Idle
prettace of shuffling the cards of taxation as a means of relief. He
was confident such conduct must drive them from power, and de-
stroy the confidence of the people in public men. He gave them
no flattery (a laugh), but he felt confident that they must adopt
oilier measures than they had yet proposed, if they would benefit
the country.
Mr. HUNIE saidhe thought it necessary to defend Earl Grey from the
imputation cast on him of holding out delusive hopes of retrenchment.
He would read his lordship's words, as he held a copy of his speech
in his hand, " My Lords—(Cries of order.)
The SPEAKER said it could not be allowed to quote in that house
a speech made in the other House of Parliament.
Mr HUME said he would then state what took place in the island
of Brobdignag. In that island there was great apprehension of danger
from public commotion. A great Chief addressed his fellows in the
following terms :—" Fellow Chiefs, the State is in great danger; I call
upon you to prepare yourselves for the coming storm. I would recom-
mend you to consider bow you may win the affections of those by whom
you are about to be attacked, by yielding to them what they conceive they
have a right to enjoy, and which we may grant them with safety." This was
the way in which the noble lord had addressed his fellow chiefs. He
would, no doubt, attempt the important change he had proposed, and
the people would support him. The petitioners did not demand a
change in the standard of value, but stated that the changes that had
taken place in the currency had greatly increased the burthen of taxa-
tion. In answer to the question asked him respecting the treatment
experienced by his hon. colleague at the meeting, he must say that
when his boo. colleague expressed his dissent to the vaulty ballot, very
strong dissatisfaction was immediately expressed. The member for
Westminster called on them to hear his boo. colleague's reason. The
greatest attention was paid to this call, and a perfect silence ensued.
Himself and several others endeavoured to induce his hon. colleague to
state his reasons, but he refused and left the meeting.
Mr. CURTEIS said he was confident the repeal of the Corn Laws
would be injurious to the country. He was willing to support the
Ministry in every plan of reduction of taxation and moderate reform ;
but he was confident that the majority of the people were not in favour
of vote by ballot.
The petition was then read, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
On the motion of Sir J. GRAHAM, the several election petitions,
appointed pro tem. for the 4th of January, were fixed for the following'
days, via.:—Wigan, Rye, Wexford, 11th February ; Carlow, Truro,
Winchilsea, 17th Feb ; Oxford City, Taunton, Carrickfergus, 22d
Feb;• Dumbarton County, Galway County, Clare County, 24th Feb ;
Seaferth, Linlithgow Burghs, Drogheda Ist March ; Durham, Gan-
da" Hythe, 3d March ; Londonderry City, Dover, Stockbridge,
Bth March ; Tre-gony, Mayo County, Athlone, 10th March ; Pam.
fret, Petersfield, 3laidstone, 15th March ; Colchester, Galway town,
Liverpool, 17th March ; Knaresborough, Colerain, ffd March.

i'.."--e. i.
• -
:,...itAr„.... • -
~:
2 ~....,:-....„:„.,, ; ..:•.,
4, ......„ Ti., ... ...,,i,,
*7'44 #. !i
~,,,:.• ' . , 't'd
'' -24i' kill olkand fit
•-. 1 4' • N•h:4l' POI
the 0 a eof Velifigton's
Ring • win, did it become
