Those sentiMentr, however, produced a hirst of id-
dignation, and a soleina resolution of independence,
which must prove fatal to the interests lithe trench
in Hayti. Our Readers will not be surptised at ibis,
when they see to what atrocious and daring falsehoods
this roi-dirant representative of a just and humane
Monarch resorted. The following are some of the
expressions in his letter:

" Every thing has been foreseen and provided for
in the Treaty of Peace between the Sovereigns of
Europe. Being insufficiently informed of your Ex-
cellency's principles, they thought it possible that you
might hesitate in respect to the conduct you ought to
follow ; and they therefore agreed, that in order to
replice the population of Hayti, which in that case
would be totally exterminated, by the immense mass of forces
sent against it, France should continue the Slave Trade
for several years, with a view only to supply the neces-
sary hands for cultivation, but also to form a black
soldiery in imitation of the English." 44 You, Ge-
neral, will not force us to convert into soldiers those
Negroes, whom we are at the present moment col-
lecting ou the coasts of Africa—you will not force us
to use all the possible means of destruction." " I am
persuaded, you have too sound a judgment, too en-
lightened an understanding, and too noble a disposi-
tion, not to be satisfied with becoming a great No-
bleman and a General Officer, under that antique
dynasty of the Bounims, which Paovioersce, as it in
contempt of all human calculations, seems to delight
in perpetuating on the Throne of our dear France.
—You will prefer the lot of an illustrious serv•►nt
of the mighty Sovereign of the French,
sto the more
than precarious state of a Chief of revolted Slaver ;
and if examples were necessary for your imitation,
behold Generals MURAT and BERNADOTTE, who, as
Kings or Princes, have for several years governed the
nations that they have rendered illustrious by their
arms, now descending voluntarily and nobly from
their Thrones, and preferring legitimate and durable
honours for themselves and their posterity to the
odious and unsafe title of usurpers." 44 Do not de-
ceive yourself, General. You doubtless know, what
every body in Europe knows, although it is not yet
diplomatically published, that the principal article of
the agreement, which the Sovereigns of that quarter
of the globe have ratified with their royal word, is to
unite their arms, if necessary, in order to destroy all
Me Governments which /save been formed in consequence of
the events of the French Revolution, either in Europe, or
in the New World. Learn, moreover, that it is Great
Britain, which is the centre and serum mover of this confe-
deracy, to which, sooner or later, all other powers
must yiild ; and every Government or Chief that re.
fuses to submit, will be punished as traitors and ban-
ditti."

This insulting letter produced precisely the effect
which any Inas of common =gam might have 'antici-
pated. It was heard by the KING and Council with
contemptuous indignation. An address to the &act(
SovErman was voted by the Council, expressive of
their unanimous resolution to perish, to the last man,
rather than submit. A deputation waited on the
KING the next morning with this expression of their
sentiments, and received the following manly and
energetic answer :

" lidarians ! your sentiments, your generous resolution, are
worthy of us; your King shall always be worthy of you.
" Our indignation is at its height. ' Let Hayti, from this .mo-1
ment, be only one vast camp; let us prepare to combat those
tyrants who threaten us with chain., slavery, and death.

" Haytlans! the whole wood has its eyes fixed upon us; our
conduct must confound our calumniators, and jslstify the opinion
which philanthropists have formed uf us. Let us rally; let us have
but one and the same wish—that of exterminating our tyrants.
On the unanimous co-operation of our union, of our efforts, will
depend the prompt success of our cause.
" Let us exhibit to posterity a great example of courage—let
us combat with glory, and be effaced from the rank of nations,
rather than renounce liberty and independence. A King, we
know how to live and die like a King: you shall always see us
at your head, sharing in your perils and dangers. Should it so
happen that we cease to exist before consolidating your rights,
call to mind our actions—and should our tyrants so far succeed
as to endanger your liberty and independence, disinter my bones,
they will still lead you to victory, and enable you to triumph ever
our implacable and eternal enemies."

The above particulars gave been taken from the

Prow Verbal published at Cape Henry. The refu-
tation of LAYAYES/e3 letter forms itself an octavo
pamphlet of 28 pages, and is extremely animated.
The author is stated to be the Chevalier Pazzeitux,
A pamphlet published at Jamaica by a Mr. H.
HENRY, exhorting the Haytians to submission, has
also been answered by another printed at Port-au-
Prince. But though, like their enemies, the Hay-
tians make use of the press, they know that other
weapons will be required for their defence, should
their independence be attacked, and they are pre-
paring accordingly 1
The answer to the Jamaica Pamphlet contrasts the
present with the past circumstances of the people of
St. Domingo; states the progress they hive made in
civilization ; dwells with satisfaction on the increase
of population that has taken place since the revolu.
tion ; speaks of the humanity of England to the sons
of Africa with great feeling; and dwells with force
on the hopes that may be cherished from the known
humanity of Lotus XVIII. We shall not take up
our
,Readers' time with quotations ; but the last
mentioned argument is so much in unison with the
sentiments entertained by the best informed of the
French Nation that we cannot refrain from quoting
some remarks which were published in Paris by
a person known to be in the confidence of Louts,
when the Proclamation, &c. of Kills HENRY 'reached

'that capital, &nigh It? medium of. tote London
pe'rs, about three weeks age. Oa a question like the
present, k is of more consequence to kin* tir what
sentiments the rulers of France are actuated, than the
particular arguments by Which the fiiends of huma-
nity would endeavour to softest chose who threaten
the Haytians with war, chains, and slavery.
On the documents to which we have last alluded,
the following sensible and humane observations were
published;
" No person can read these documents without
being struck with the air of truth, energy, and dig.
nity, which breathes in every line. At the moment
when the Manifesto appeared and when the inhabi-
tants and foteign merchants residing at Hayti, were
reading therein the allusions to the horrors committed
at St. Domingo by the French Agents in 1802 ; the
very same faction among the colonists residing in
France, who had excited the horrors in questioni
printed and circulated in France a recommendation to
his Majesty Louts XVIII. to put to death the four
hundred thousand human beings who escaped the
rage of BONAPARTE I

66 One would think that Cnawroruz, froth the
turrets of Fort Henry, had actually been present at
the councils of this Committee of Destruction, from
which we now learn, with pleasure, that already several
old Planters and French Merchants have withdrawn
with disgust. Humanity ought to bless the prudent
aversion of the King from hasty treasures, and the
inflexibility with which the Philanthropic Monarch
has, uniformly, rejected all solicitations to pursue
violent measures.

" His MAJESTY must doubtless be sensible, that hay-
ing accepted the succession from BONAPARTE with all
its advantages and disadvantages, he can no more
annul the Proclamation of the First Consul, which
declared all the Blacks free and equal before GOD
and the Republic, than the Acts by which his Majesty
confirmed•the sale of the property of his most faith-
ful friends, and his most loyal subjects, as well as the
titles of BONAPARTE'S upstart Counts, which are on a
par with Counts LEMONADE and MARMALADE.

" But what militates still more strongly than all the
acts of the revolutionary government, is the immense
force which they can call out in defence of their inde-
pendence. In the northern part alone, King HENRY
has an army of 22,000 regulars, and a militia of
33,000, accustomed to arms. Supposing that there
is the same number in the south, it is evident that
110,000 resolute men must be killed btfore • single
loaf of sugar can be made at St. Domingo. Where
are the troops having the strength and the will to
execute such a butchery ?

•" *here are the funds necessary for defraying the
expences of such an expedition, the ships for trans-
porting it, the King to direct it, and the Chiefs to
coapwand It t AU this exists only In some wild ima-
ginations, and in heads which are as hot as furnaces.

14 We are far from confounding all the St. Domingo
Planters in the same catalogue—we know many who
are remarkable for their resignation, and who sigh in
bec re t ; and the latter have a better chance than the
madmen, for sooner or later the day of reconciliation
will arrive—Durum red Inthufit isatienter quidquid cor.
•
rigereat tufa: !"

The PRINCESS of WALES continued at Naples, at
the date of the last accounts from thence, which was
about the middle of December. Her Royal Highness
received the most marked attention from all ranks.

Lord Perms, we understand, will shortly lead to
the Hymeneal Altar Miss BEDDINGIFELD, eldest daugh-
ter of Sir RICHARD BRDDINGFIRLD. The Lady is in
her 21st year, and is reported highly accomplished.
The Supplement to the London Gazette, (published
yesterday, and given at full length in a preceding
part of our Paper) describes an extension of the
Ot der of the Bath, so important as almost to amount
to the creation of a new Order of Knighthood. The
Order is now divided into three classes, viz. Knights
Grand Crosses, Knights Commanders, and Com-
panions. The first includes the existing Knights
of the Bads, with a few additions, and is limited,
exclusive of the Royal Family, to sevetrtytw.,
whereof sixty are to be Military or Naval, not
below the rank of Malor-Generals and Rear-Ad-
mirals, and twelve Civil. The second consists of
180 British. Members, not under Lieutenant-Colonels
in the Army, and Post Captains in the Navy ; and
ten Foreign Officers, holding Commissions in our
service. The third Class is unlimited in number, and
the honour is to be bestowed on Officers who distin-
guish themselves in the cause of their country; who
are indeed so numerous, as tut to be readily inclosed
within a list of Heroes. They have no title but to take
precedence of all Esquires. Sir GRORGS NAYLERs so
distinguished for his Heraldic knowledge, has been
named the Herald of this Order.

Owing to the late Sir EDWARD NaworsiAss having
unfortunately forgotten to take out the patent when
he was created a Baronet, there exists no personage
of that rank at present among his sons.
PROPERTY TAX.—Thursday last a Meeting was
held in Taunton, to consider the propriety of addres-
sing Parliament, in deprecation of the renewal and
continuance of the Property Tar, when a Committee
was appointed• to prepare a Petition.—A Meeting of
the inhabitants of Carlisle took place on Monday,
when a Petition to Parliament was agreed to.—A
Meeting of the County of Cambridge was also held
OR Tuesds y, at Cambridge, when it was agreed to Pe.
tition against the renewal of the Property Tax.
Notwithstanding all that has been said respecting
the continuance of the Property Tax for at least any.
ther year, it is confidently asserted by many that the
complete abandonment of it has been actually deter-
mined on by the Cabinet, in the event of the Treaty
being ratified by the American President. It is said
to be intended to substitute the income of the Sink-
ing Fund for the present year, which, without incroach-
ing on the capital, will be equal to the whole amount
et the Property Tax.
