EAST RETIORD KLEcriow.

maim of Mr. Witness, the Order of the Day wu
.r the consideration of the Report of the Committee on the
Rettoril Riecdon.
'ENNYSON stated, that the candidates at the
lion were Sir Robert Dundas, Mr. Wrightson,
Henry Wilson. The two former were re-
tut a petition was presented against their re-
tch was referred to a Committee. The Com-

Totted that the election of Sir R. Dundas and
Ights(Sn was void on account of treating. The
rime likewise made a special report, in which
` forth the gross and notorious corruption which
' at the election of members for Retford.—s
red, amongst other things, that it had long
1 constant practice for every elector who voted
successful candidates to receive 201. from each
• The Hon. Gentleman, after intimating that
the elective franchise should be taken from the
in question, he should press upon the House,
liency,of transferring it to the town of Bir-
sgt down by moving asoßesolution," That

,the corrupt state of the boioogh of East Retford de.
faired the settees consideration of Parliatneht."
Mr. FrAGUSSON was ready to support the motion
for ibrill7, lint did not think the evidence already be-
fore the House sufficient to warrant the disfranchise-
ment of Os borough. He thought, too, the electors of
East ltetford had 1 right to be heard in their defence.
Mt. Alderman WAITHMAN thought the evidence
before the House quite sufficient, not only to warrant
the disfranchisement of East. Rettord, but to call upon
^the /lonic imperatively to adopt that measure. The
whole country was indebted to the Hou. Member near
him (Mrjennysoal for his motion.
Mr. WYNN thought not only that a full case was
mode gat for inquiry, but that the evidence before the
House Gas sufficient to carry a sentence of disfranchise-
ment, if the electors of East Rettord did not clearly
contradict it.

Mr. D. BARCLAY suoptword the motion.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH thought that a clear
case was made out for disfranchisement, unless the evi-
dence was to be most materially altered.
Mr. P. THOMSON and. Lord JOHN Russap. expressed
their full concurrence in the resolution, which was then
put, and agreed to without a division.
Mr. TENNYSON moved for leave to bring in a Bill
to take away from the borough of East Retford the
power of returning two burgesses to serve in Parlia-
ment, and to transfer the power of electing two burgesses
to the inhabitants of Birmingham in lieu thereof.
Mr. GOULBURN would not oppose the motion, but
did not feel himself pledged either to the admission of.
a sufficient case of corruption; or to the Mode of deal-
ing with it should it be made out ; or to the place se-
lected to send members instead of it, if the botoogh
should be disfranchised. _ _ _

...--.
Sir C. WETHERELL would not be pledged to the'
admission of any fact or principle involved in the ul-
tetior proceedings on the Bill, the bringing in of which',
he could not oppose. He objected to the doctrine
which had been broached, however, that having dis-
covered some corruption and mal-practices, the House
was at liberty to infer a great deal more. The onus
of proof lay here, as in the case of an individual who
was accused, upon the accuser ; and the House was not
at liberty to proceed to the deprivation of so valuable
a right, without giving the parties the whole of the be-
nefits which were due to persons charged with an offence
of the most serious kind.

Mr. FERGUSSON said, that the forms of proceed.
ing on the Bill would give ample opportunities of de-
fence to the parties accused. He thought that their
jurisdiction must be always lame and imperfect, unless
they could obtain that power of vindicating their pri-
vileges, by administering oaths according to the Bill
brought in by his Noble Friend (Lord J. Russell), and
thrown out in the Session of the last Parliament. He
did not, however, believe that there would be any de-
ficiency of proof from the want of that power, because
the truth must necessarily be elicited by the examina-
tion of the witnesses by so many parties viewing it in
so many different points of view.
Mr. W. SMITH complained of that perversion of
constitutional doctrine which required the same nicety,
in establishing the line of evidence in a case of elec-1
tioneesing corruption and in the case of a ctiminal ac-. 1
cased for a breach of the laws. What comparison could
there be between the crime and punishment of an indi-
vidual offender against the law, and the disfranchise-
ment of a borough on account of corruption and bribery ?
The offence and punishment of a pr ate man con-
cerned himself; but a public body held it. privileges as
a trust to be used beneficially for the public, and in
taking them away for abusing them to interested and
corrupt purposes, the public did not injure any one.—
These electors were entitled to very little of their sym-
pathy; for if the respectable part of them found that
the election was carried by corrupt practices in favour
of persons wholly unfit to represent them, they should,
have petitioned Parliament themselves to correct such
practices; &stead of which they had suffered it to pre-
wail for a long course of time, without taking any nonce
of them.

Mr. CHARLES ROSS said, that if it was an affair
of the gravest importance to bestow the right of ♦oting
upon a place which had it not before, it could not be of
less importance to take it away from one which now
possessed it. Even if the case of corruption should be
proved, he did nor see why the Hoof should depart, in
punishing it, from that practice which bad always pre-
vailed, except in one only case.
Mr. O'NEIL objected to this too rapid progress of
reform—{Laughter from some of the benches). He'
thought that-these forced marches would prove counter,
marches. He would oppose the Bill in all its stages, as
he had done that of Penryn ; and for the same reasons
he had resisted " the march of intellect" in the Co.
vents y Bill.
Sir C. FORBES objected to the proceeding, on the
grounds which he had once before submitted to the
House. He did not know what was meant by Parlia-
mentary Reform ; but if it was meant that Members
should be returned entirely by pure and unbought votes,
that House would be constituted by a very different
set of men from those which it now contained, and

large bodies of the people would be entirely unrepre-
sented. He contended that the man who paid his own
money for his seat was the most truly independent,
because he was not bound to vote on particular occasions
for or against Ministers. What independence could
there be in one who sat for a Government borough,
after signing a paper in which he had bound himself,
not only to accept, but to apply for the Chiltern Hun-
dreds? What independence could there be in those who
sat for boroughs the property of Peers, as some friends
of his did, being bound to vacate their seats in case they
differed, however con cientiously, from their patrons on
particular questions? He had heard of a plan proposed
by Mr. Pitt to Mr. Fox, to begin with his own side of
the house, and strike out alternately the worst of their
boroughs, transferring the right to more populous
places, and that Mr. Fox refused. He had been on the
Committee of the Helston election, in 1813. There
was one of the clearest and m Ist decided cases of cor.
ruptiottproved that any Gentleman could desire to hear
of. (Laughter.) It was proved, that the Duke of Leeds
had disbursed 1,5001. emong the electors, having one
seat already in his gift. He himself was for shewing
up the Duke before the House, but was told of the great
scandal of treating a Peer of the realm in so unceremd-
nious a manner. He had said, that the punishment of
a rogue in fillies was worth ten in rags. (Laughter.)
Now what was the consequence ? Why none at all.
Helston ought to have been treated like Penryn ; and
as to the Duke, what was sauce for the goose was sauce
for the gander. Since then he had resolved to set his
face against all measures of this kind. 4
Lord PALMERSTON said, that the Hon. Bart. pur-
suing the theory of free trade, seemed to think equally

LONDON.

TUESDAY, JUNE 12,1827.
STOCK KXCHANGEL, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The Coosa market has a firm appearance this morning. sad
Consoh opened at $44 for the Account ; soon after were dime at
s4f I, at which price they now mask steady, with little doing.
In the Foreign market nothing is doing.
Curran prices: Old Spanish 12 I. Mexican 44 1, C4llsabiast
254 29, Russian RR 4, Danish 61 W.
CITY. TWO O'CLOCK.

Up to the present tins!, there is not a feature in either 'market
worth the least observadoo." Consols have remained steady the
whole of the morning, with a Suctuatie• of about 1 per mat. and
it present may be quoted at 841 I for the Account.
PRICK OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK..
Bank Stock 2041 1 India Stock Shut
S per Cent. Red. 83/ 84 Ditto Bonds 78
3 per Cent. Coos. Shrt. South Sea Stock
31 per Cent. 901 Old Annuities
n per Cent. Roth 901 1 .noco Kadwq. Bala 45 46
per Cent. New Shut. £5OO Ditto 45 46
4 per Cent. Scrip £lOO and £2OO Ditto 41 46
4 per Cent. 1826,1001 I Advetdsed 44 44 45
Long Ann. IN 7-16 Cowls for Aect. 841 I
FORZION FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazilian Bds.s p Lt. Gr. 8d5.1825, 5 p C. 18
Do. Acct. 571 * Do Acct.
Colombian Roods,. p C. IS Mez-8d5.t825,6 p Ct.
Ditto 8d5,1624, 49 Do. AccL Ise 1
co. Aect.69l I Rua. lids, 1828,5pC. 991
Danish lids. 3p 1t.611 I Do. Am. MI I
Do. Acct. Span. Ws 5 p Ct. 12
BRITISH AND FOKKIGN SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK.
MAIM rattan
Bridals Iron Company 50 371 101 10
United Mexican 40 30 13 18e
Marini Alliance 100 5 41
Proviscial Bank of Intend 100 2S 201

Faience Antes, Jim 9. Flee per Cents. lOU. 15e.--Three
per Gets. 69f. 45c.—Bent Stock. 2,045 f. Neepoittaa Remus
75f. OW.

We received this morning the Austrian Observe► to
the 2d inst. containing news from Salamis to the 3d of
May, being four days later than the date of the rte
moored overthrow of the Turks before Athens. It,
entirely overturns that report, though it represents the,
cause of the Greeks in that quarter as highly favorable.
and announces considerable advantage!, pined by them
between the 25th and 29th of April. In this interval,
the Turks were successively driven Irons most of their
advanced pests, and, amongst the rest, from the Mo-
nastery of St. Speredion, which fell into the hands of
the Greeks on the 28th by capitulation. The Turkar
to the number of 300, defended the Monastery for four',
days, under a heavy and almost uninterrupted fire from
the Greek shipping in the'harboor, directed by Lord
COCHRANR in person. It is said of his Lordship, as
well as of General CHURCH, that they had been struck
with the defence of the Turks, that they were extremely
anxious to sive the lives of such brave men, and with
this view repeatedly urged them to capitulate. They
complied at last, but not until the Monastery was
nearly reduced to a heap of rubbish, and they had
obtained hostages, amongst the sons of the Capitani,
for the faithful observance of the Articles. The
remaining part of the proceeding is of so atrocious
a character, that we cannot trust to our own feelings to
describe it, and shall therefore give it in the words of
the Austrian Observer, hoping for the sake of humanity,

'as well as for the credit of the Greeks, that the report
may prove unfoooded..+6l As a security for the faithful

execution of the capitulation, General CHURCH had
given as hostages the sons and relations of some Greek
Capitani, and ordered the cavalry to escort the Turks
as they marched out of the breach. But these prevention§
were in vain. A Greek attempted to snatch his musket
from a Turk ;the latter resisted& in the struggle the piece
went off, bat without wounding the Greek; but this served
as a signal for the massacre: The Greeks fell upon the
Turks, and the efforts of General Cutntor could only
save a few of them. The notorious Vaspt is said to
have been the instigator. It is said Colonel Goaaox
threw up his commission on the spot in contequeriee
of this bee proceeding. and that General CHURCH de-
clared that he would immediately leave the army if
the guilty were dot punished as they deserved. Ten rf
these are already arrested. On the 29th of April Lord
COCHRAIIR left-the Pi its in his schooner. The whole
naval force, amounting to about thirty sail, is to as-
semble at Pores. This measure seems to be in consequeree
of the report of the sailing of the Egyptian fleet from

Alexandria. On the Id of May an extraordinary
movement was observed in the Greek camp. It is the
highest time to attack, otherwise the Acropolis falls;
lit is in the greatest distress ; for on the 21st April, the
garrison signified by emissaries, who reached the Greek
camp in the Piraeus in the night, that they could not
hold out above ten days. Four thousand Greeks have
marched towards Asomato, to attack the Turks is the
Grove of Olives, in the rear, while the other corps attack
in front. The Turks, however, are strongly intrencbNat
all points, and seem fully prepared to await the aunt'

We also received this morning the Algemeize Zaire:
to the 6th inst. which contains various extracts from the
Hydra Gazette (the friend of the laws) of the 20th and
2U April, which, though we gave the substance of thee
before, will not prove Altogether unacceptable to me
readers. One of them consists of a letter, of the Oh
April, written by a Greek, serving under Lord Coca.
aaaz, in which be says that letters had been received
from the Acroplis of the 15th, describing the distress
of the besieged and also their courage, as well as the
hopes they placed in the exertions now making fte
their relief.—The letter then desci ibes the arrival If
Lord Coenamrs in the Greek camp near Athens, is tie
following terms :
of The Admiral came on shore with all his insignia
and Officers, preceded by a standard, and went to the
camp of KA saisium, Commander-in-Chief in Elam
Greece. The old and brave Philhellene M. Maws
harangued the army : the brave Lord promised 1,000
dollars to him who should take the standard of the Sam.
Kum, and another 1,000 to him who should plant the
Admiral's flag on the gate of the Acropolis ; besides
other suitable rewards, for actions performed by the
Greeks; and particularly for the first 100 men who
shall enter the besieged fortress.—These speeches et-
ched in the Greek soldiers an enthusiasm which it is im-
possible to describe, so that a brisk canonade was opened
against the Turkish camp, which was hardly put an
end to by the night. _ _ .

" As soon as his Lordship returned on board Mu

schooner and saw that the other ships of the expeditios
had come up, he ordered us also to weigh anchor, and
so we anchored altogether before the Phalerus, and I
suppose we shall land to-morrow. I learn, from good
authority, that the Admiral and the Commander-in-
Chief parted much pleased with each other, and geso•
ral enthusiasm prevails among all the Gieek Officals
and soldiers."

We have in like manner received the Oriental Specter
for to the beginning of May. Like the foregoing, it is
wholly occupied with the Incitements of Lord Coca•
RANI on his first arrival in Greece; but u it mentions
no new facts, we shall not trouble the reader with the
particulars. It may be proper, however, to observe,
that at Smyrna, where the &leafed Spectator u pub.
lisped, the arrival of his Lordship appears to boo
made a profound impression both on' the Turks aid
the European merchants. The list. :merlon too
from Constantinople speak of the serious alarm which
has been created there amongst all classes, and thq
even mention that the Turkish Beet has been recall 4
lest it should fall a prey to the skill and intrepidity of
his Lordship. This last statement, however, must be
received with caution.
The following Proclamation, if we are to believe the
Paris Papas, which arrived last night, has been Word
by his Lordship. We confess, however, that we have
some doubts of its authenticity, as it is not probable that
he would hold out the wealth of Smyrna, which is al.
most entirely centred in the European merchants, and
the British among the rest, as a legitimate prize for
the Greeks:

" To ma COOIIIIBIOO4 Pancomt or Sanas, LTCTUOS
TIMM ATP TO sus Imumemers or ma lows
" The onthosiarn with now nips in ad Grace Wass its
10111TpoOtilDOT ; that cameed and maim af ad the dim* d
eleasseoniseasse that Marty and prosperky be audible
sad will last far —y emstorisa.
" 7h. Combos; and Poirmanseass so bow fear the email
ably the blonds mood defuses and eamoem As owe at the int
of Conmandoopie shall loam the Dardaselles, that at Gwent
udder my consmand. shad fly to p.mr meow.
Prepare, thee, 0 grogram oat may to defend yew.
own Island; bat, if the enemy ho abithiately best ea the 00'
autism of warlike anermises against Gases, to wry war go
with me into his own slentinkiam
The moats of the Greeks who groan is slavery. the Oa'
swat of the devastation of Ildo sod Imam, and Indy the rids
Odes Tarts of Smyrna, shall be the reward of year labours.
(Signed) " COCH N&
" Pint Admiral, and Chia( of the Naval Farce of Greece!
" From the alp Greece, 6th (17th) April, 1617."

Mr. Tansersou brought is a Bill last night for dig'
fraticbloing die Borough of La Raiford, and treederriol
Elective Fraschlse to the Tows of Blrulagiais ; sad rico tit
Apparent feeliegs of the Moue es the wibject. the Bolt win prow-
bly puss the Commons with little or no opposition.

as
10.
i
