never for repressing, public frr..edom. Every day
liberty obtains securities. When was there seen, not
merely under the fti;;htful reign. which proclaimed
terror in the name of liberty, not merely at the pe-
riod when anarchy was powerless against licentious-.
ness, or when despotism commanded slavery and
prohibited complaint, but, at any other epoch, a
greater example of liberty ? When was personal
freedom more respected, property held more sacred,
or the mind less enslaved? For who would, on ac-
tount of some dangerous publications, confound the
!I use of a right with excess, or the application of the
law with tlic caprice of arbitrary power? France,
daily appreciating the benefits of a liberty which she
owes to her Prince, will, on the approaching eke-
, tions, seize the opportunity of sending to the Cham-
her of Commons, citizens worthy of representing
I the nation, and subjects worthy of surrounding the
Monarch. . .

The picture of a prosperity which is his work.
will, by filling his heart with a pure joy, render his
health more confirmed, and his days more serene.—
He rejoices at the happiness of France, and the peace
which reigns in the State : he is gladdened by the
consolidation of the throne, and smiles at the hope
of a fecundity which, in giving him new supports, is
the object of the wishes and the benedictions of a
whole people.

THE EVENING STAR

LONDON.

THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1819.
TIM FUND&
TRICE OT BLOCKS THIS DAT AT rwrtv± cictocx
Iteduced.7B4-Cnns.77 div—for bpg. 79,1
SI per Cents:BBl-4 per Cent. 9715
Navy 106 ii ex. div.—lndia Bonda 94 96 pr.
Exchequer Bills 19 21 pr.

'The Paris Papers of Monday arrived this morning.
Although we have ceased to expect, through the i
medium of the public Journals of France, any direct '
information respecting the. late Conspiracy, we ate
still daily meeting in them, with some incidental cir-
cumstance or other, which tends to place out cf
doubt the fact of such a conspiracy having actually
existed. Oa Sunday die King held a grand Levee,
and it was remarked, (says one Journal) that among
a great number of Marshals and superior Officers
present, there were Generals SounAM and Cuittat., I
many Bishops, and most of the Presidents of the dif- I
ferent Courts of Justice. The other Journals omit'
naming Souttast and oIIRIAL, but state, as equally I
remarkable, that DAVOUT, Duke of Dantzick, and
MORTIER, Duke of Treviso, were among the most I
prominent characters in the courtly gro I*. And
why was the presence of such officers as SounaM
aad Comm., is DAVOUST and MORTIBR, a subject
of remark? Why are men, so eminent in the revo-
lutionary annals of France, men who had stood out
to the lad against the restoration of the BCCIREON3,
and had, during the temporary ascendancy of Ultra
Royalist principles and influence, been exiled from
the Royal presence, so chosen to be particularized
in preference to all the other eminent and noble per-
sons present—in preference especially, and out of op-
position as it would seem, to the whole body of an-
cient and restored Noblesse? Because, evidently,
' the presence of such men, at the present moment ;
, at a Levee of the description of the one in question,
where Soldiers, Churchmen, Magistrates, and States-
' men, had all assembled to make renewed assu-
' tames of their fidelity to their Sovereign, stews
that there is a rallying round the Tnrone of the
new Interests, as they are termed, in opposition to the
Old ; and that the Old Interests—the Ultra-Royalists
• in fact—have been doing or plotting something which
has called for this rallying of the old revolutionary
leaders round the King, and made It a matter of
greater policy and safety for Louts to throw himself

into the arms of those who have once been his most
avowed enemies, than to trust to the attachment of
men who, with all their hereditary obligations to
filelity, and with all their high-sounding pretences
of loyalty, arc traitors at heart to every thing but
their own personal vanity and aggrandizement.
The following are other Extracts :
