0
i

- ~.
.r

k I

' t

~;113,4i4

S

FllO.ll THE LOXDON GAZETTE, July 15.

FOREIGN OFFICE. JULY 14.

'1.1.c King has been graciously pleased to appoint Ralph
A here-re:noble, Esq. (sometime Secretary to his Majesty's
sot. i. l Mission to Brazil) to be Secretary to his Majesty's
L. ;_t ion at Berlin.
CROWN OFFICE. Jtt Lir lb.
BERS re.urned to serve in this present Parliament.
lio-vuub of Reigate.—Charles Philip Yorke, Esq. Cap.
it the Rural Nave, of New Burlington-street, in the
...luny of Middlesex. in the room of Admiral Sir Joseph
Svoln, v Yorke' K.C.B. deceased.
Borough of Tavisysek.—John Heywood Hawkins. Esq.
in the reom of Lord John Russell, who was chosen a Bur.
res. for the said Borough. and alma Knight of the Shire for
the e,.unty of Devon. and bath made his election to serve
for the said county of Devon.
Commission by ae Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Middlesex.
Re al West Middlesex Regiment of Militia—Sir John
Gihhons. Bart. to be Colonel.
ommission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Perth.
t.count Duneannon, to be Deputy Lieutenant.
Commissions by the Lord Lieut. of the County of Brecon.
To be Deputy Lieutenants—John Gwynne, Arthur Mac-
natuara. and Gabriel Powell, Esquires.
Commissions by the Lord Lieut. of the County of Chester.
To be Deputy Lieutenants—Sir Philip de blalpas Grey
Egerton, Bart. Randle Wilbraham, n. Townsend Ince,
ion. James Newton, Charles Peter Shakealey, and Thos.
Marshall, Esquires.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Stafford.
:4•atfordshire Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry—John Howes,
Bent. to be Lieutenant, vice Roby, resigned.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Wilts.
To be Deputy Lieutenants.—Thomu Viscount Andover,
John Henry Jacob, Ambrose Hussey, Richard Pollen,
Thomas Dewell, Joseph Pitt. jun. Esqrs.
Wilts Militia—Joseph Hall Kinnier, Esq to be Second
blajor. vice Wyndham, resigned; John Henry Jacob, Esq.
to be Captain, vice Kinnier, promoted.
DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
WOODMAN!), SAMUEL HOWAND, Duvalles-lane, Hol-
loway, apothecary.
HARVEY, firwaY, Midge-road, Lambeth, painter.
}'Avail, ROBERT JOHN, London, ship-owner.
BANKRUPTCI FS ENLARGED. II
( ;ILES, JOHN, Steward-street, Spitalfields, silk-manufac-
turer, from July 1 to Aug. 19, at eleven, at the Court of

11.••••••••••••••
LEVERETT, WILIAM, Harwich, cabinet-maker, from July
19 to Aug. 10, at eleven, at the Suffolk Hotel, Ipswich.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
Seurnsweaeu, Jonx, Ince, Lancashire, farmer.
BANKRUPTS.
RAVIN, JOHN STODDART, Skinner-street, Snow-hill, grocer,
to surrender July 29, at one, Aug. 2, and 26, at two, at
the Court of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. H. R.
Wigley, Essez-street, Strand.
ADAMS, MICHAEL, Atherstone, Warwickshire, hat manu
factarer, July 22, 29, and Aug. 26, at eleven, at the
Court of Commissioners. Attorneys. Messrs. R. G. and
H. R. Burfoot. King's Bench-walk, Temple.
ISAACSON, STEPHEN. and A:Jeanne, R Strand, prin-
ters. July 19, st half-past one, 26, at three, and Aug. 26,
at two, at the Court of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr.
H. Cope, Agnes-place, Waterloo-toad
Hut, Josue Little Pultney.street, Goldcn-square, dyer,
July 22, at twelve, 9.9, and Aug. 26, at eleven, at the
Court of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. W. Kightley,
Argyle Chambers, Argyle-place, Regent-street.
STATHAM, THUS. jun. Clunton, Shropshite, cattle dealer,
Aug. 3,4, and 26, at eleven, at the Talbot Inn, Shrews-
bury. Attorneys, Messrs. Pbilpott and Stone, South-
ampton-street, Bloomsbury; and Mr. T. H. Hough,
Shrewsbury.
FAINCLOUGH, Joust, Edgworth, Lancashire, calico printer
July 29, 30, at the Star Inn, Manchester, and Aug. 26,
at ten, at the Bridge Inn, oken-le-Moors, Lancashire.
Attorneys, Messrs. Milne and Parry, Temple; and Mr. J.
Winder, loiton-le- Moors.
W Ewe, Joust, From° Selwood, Somersetahlre, banker, July
25, 27, and Aug. 26, at ten, at the Black Bear Inn, De-
vises, Wiltshire. Attorneys, Messrs. Nethersole and Bar-
ron, Esaex.street, Strand; and Mr. Tilby, Devises.
HOUSTON. James, Portland Town, Middlesex, victualler,
July 22. at eleven, 29, and Aug. 28, at ten, at the Court
of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. William George
Lyle, Mecklenburg.square.
WATKINE,JOHN, Old Kent-road, victualler, July 26, 29,
• and Aug. 26, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners.
Attorney, Mr. W. S. Chaska', Stamford-street, South-
wark.
HARTWELL, num!, Derby, silk throwster, July 27, at
five, 28, and Aug. 6, at twelve, at the King's Arms Inn
and County Tavern, Derby. Attorneys, Mr. Dalby,
Derby ; and Messrs. Chilton and Son, Itancery-lane.
WIGETON, WiLitam, Derby, lace-manufacturer, July 27,
at five, 28, and Aug 26, at twelve, at the King's Arms
Inn and County Tavern, Derby. Attorneys. Mr. F.
Smedley, Ely-place, Holborn; and Mr. Jcssop, baby.
DIVIDENDS.
Aug. 16, S. Southgate, Gate-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields,
builder, at two, at the Court of Commissioners-Aug. 5, G.
A. Cohen. Wentworth-place, Mile-end-road, general mer-
chant, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners-Aug. 5, R.
Holden, W. Vanhouse, and W. A. flukey, jun. Al incing.
lane, West India-brokers, at two, at the Court of Commis-
sionets-Aug. 9, W. Ewington, College.street, wine-mer-
chant, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners-Aug. 5, S.
Bruno Charing-crow, sword-cutler, at three, at the Court of
Commissioners-Aug. 9, J. Billinge,Warnfoid-court, broker,
at ten, at the Court of Commissioners-Aug. 5, T. Walter,
sett. Wilstone, Hertfordshire, baker, at eleven, at the Court
of Commissioners-Aug. 5, J. Graham, Waterloo-place,
upholder. at two, at the Court of Commissioners-Aug. 6,
J. and J. Fielding, Catteran, Lancashire, calico-printers, at
one, at the Red Lion Hotel, Preston-Aug. 6. J. Shepherd,
Liverpool, stone-mason, at one, at the Clarendon Rooms,
Liverpool-Aug. 19, J. Wild and G. Shaw, Oldham, Lan-
cashire, cotton-spinners,at ten, at the Palace Inn, blanches-
ter-Aug. 6, T. Coupe. Wigan, Lancashire, eotton.mium-
lecturer, at twelve, at the Eagle and Child lan, Wigan-
Aug. 6, C. Rogers, Galuburgh, Lincolnshire, linen-draper,
at twelve, at the While Hart Inn, Gainsburgh.
CERTIFICATES-Ave. b.
J. Lees, Newton Moor, Cheshire, cotton spinner-J.
Woolley, Daimon, broker-B. Martin, Nottingham, lace
manufacturer-J. King, Bath. victualler-M. Myers, Bir-
mingham, snetioneer-T. Barlow, Manchester, publican-
J. (toucher, Change-alley, Cornhill, chronometer maker.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
T. Williams and Co. Ternilee, Derbyshire, gunpowder ma-
nufacturers-C. F. D. Evans and E. Foulkes, Shrewsbury,
surgeons-J. and J. Dixon, Soho-square, haberdashers-H.
S. and E. Winter, Bristol, horn workers--S. Leeson and
O. Sparrow, Nottingham, hosiers-B. Sorsbie and L.
Ilewisen, Newcastle upon Tyne, merchant-J. P. Slather
and Co. iron merchants (as far as regards J.Finch)--F.Lam-
-1 et t and Co. Manchester, booksellers-S. Wigginton and A.
Rawlinson, East Retford, school mistresses-F. Dibb, sen.
atd W. Dibb, Egham bricklayers-E. and C. Vander
(iucht, Strand, woolienldrapers-L. Sedgwick and Mary
%Veiling, Bea-street, St. James's, milliners-J. Wallis and
W. Jenkins, Greenwich, dining-It:sue-keepers-W. Trainer
and C. Watkins, Hereford, grocers-T. Kennerley, jun. and
G. Stanton, Regent-street,drapers-G. Watson and D. God-
dard, Brighton, carters-W. Trail and It. Dick, Southamp-
ton-street, Pentonville, bakers-AI. Kemp and S. May,
Greenwich, mercers-G. and J. Hills, Deptford. tallow-
chandlers--T. and T. Baker, jun. Southampton, booksellers
W. Fines and R. Best, Blenheim-street, soda-water-
manufacturers-J. Oldroyd and Co. Bread-street, Chap.
side, warehousemen (as far as regards T. Ward).

SUPPLEMENT TO THE LONDON GAZETTE.
FRIDAY, JULY 15.
BY THE KING.—.A PROCLAMATION,
DECLARING HIS MAJESTY'S FURTHER PLEASURE
ToCCIUNG HIS ROYAL CORONATION AND TEE
SOLEMNITY TBERZOt.
WILLIAM, R.
Whereas, having resolved, by the favour and blessing of
ALMIGHTY GOD, to celebrate the solemnity of our Royal
coronation, and of the coronation of our dearly beloved con-
suit the Queer, upon the Bib of September next, at our Pa-
lace, at Westminster ; and having accordingly signified our
Royal pleasure concerning the same, by our proclamation,
dated the IStb day of July instant, w hereby, amongst other
things, we thought fit, out of our princely care for the
preservation of the lawful rights and inheritances of our
Laing subjects whom it might concern, to declare, that by
our commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, we
had appointed and authorised our most dearly beloved bro-
tl and councillors Emett Augustns Duke of Cumber-
land, Augustus Frederick Duke of Sussex, Adolphus Fre-
derick Duke of Cambridge, our most dear cousins and coun-
cillors William Frederick Duke of GLmester, and Prince
Leopold of Saxe Coburg, and divers Lords and others of
ca. Privy Council, therein named, or any five or more of

4
them, to receive, hear, and determine the pol rued
claims which should be them exhibited by any se be.ing subjects in this behalf ; and that we should appoln one
said commissioners for that purpose to sit in the P ' aced
Chamber of our Palace, at Westminster, upon blonde , tee,
25th day of July instant, at eleven of the aka OW
morning of the same day, and from time to time to
as to them should seem meet, for the execution of out as Lae;
mission ; and whereby we did also signify unto_ all and no
our loving subjects whom it might concern, tba t our
will and pleasure was, and we did thereby strictly charge
and command all persons, of what rank or quality 'mem'
they might be, who, either upon our letters to them dirrscted,
or by reason of their offices or tenures, or otherwise. were
to do any service at the said day or time of our coronation,
that they would duly give their attendance accordingly, to
all respects furnished and appointed as to so great a solem-
nity appertainetb, and answerable to the dignities and places
which every one of them respectively held arid articled,
and of that they, or any of them. were not to fail es they
would answer the contrary at their perils, unless upon
special reasons by ourself under our hand to be allowed, we
should dispense with any of their services or attendances :
And whereas by n report made unto us by a Committee
of the Lords of our Moat Honourable Privy Council, to
whom we thought fit to refer the arrangement of prepara-
tions necessary upon the occasion of the aforesaid coronation,
the said Committee of our said Privy Council have in ob.:.
dierce to our commands, whereby they were specially di-
rected to make the said arrangements as much abridged
and as economical as might be compatible with a strict
regard to the solemnity and importance of the occasion, and
a duo compliance with the provisions of existing statutes in
that behalf, reported to us their opinion, that it may be
proper for us to omit that part of the ceremonial which
usually takes place in Westminster-hall, and that part
thereof a hich consists of the proceeston, and that we
should give directions for the celebration of that part
only (as it might be hereafter curtailed), which its so-
lemnized in Al'estinint ter Abbey ; and the said Cam-
mittee of our Privy Council have further submitted to us,
that in dispensing with the ceremonies which have heretofore
taken place in Westminiter.hall, it may be proper that we
should dispense with the services and attendance of those
who, by ancient customs and usages, as also in regard of
divers tenures of sundry manors, lands, and other heredita.
ments, do claim and are bound to do and perform divers
several services at the time of our said coronation, which ser-
vices would have been performed in •Westminster-hall, or
in the procession, and at the same time that we would
be graciously pleased to declare, that such dispensation
should in no wise interfere with the rights and privileges they
may claim as touching the performances of the said services it
any future coronation of the Kings or Queens of this. realm;
and whereas the said committee of our said Privy Council,
have further represented unto us, that it may be advisable
for us to issue our Royal proclamation to that effect, we,
therefore, in compliance with the advice so dutifully ten-
dered to us by our Privy Council, and having as heart the
ease of our loving subjects, do, by this our Royal procia.
oration, signify and declare that it is our Royal will and
pleasure, that such part only of the solemnity and ceremony
of the Royal coronation of ourself and our dearly beloved
Consort the Queen, as is usually upon the coronation
of the Kings and Queens of this realm, solemnized in
Westminster-abbey, shall take place; and we do further
by this our Royal proclamation, rignify and declare, that
we do for ourself and for our dearly beloved Consort
the Queen, dispense upon the occasion of this our
coronation, with the procession, and with the services
and attendance of all persons nho, by ancient custom and
usage, or in regard of their narare: of any manors, lands, or
hereditaments, do claim, .:red .to bound to do and perform,
any rervices, at the time of the emonation, which, according
to ancient custom or usage, arc to be performed in West.
minster.h.ll, or in the procession; such dispensation, never-
-ireless, to be altogether without prejudice to the rights and
prerogatives of our successors, kings :erti Queens of this
realm, to demand and require the performance of the said
several cervices at any future coronation of the Kings and
Queens of this realm ; and we do hereby further graciously
declare, that the same shall not interfere with the rights and
privileges of any of our loving subjects, to clahn the pez-
formancts of such several services, or any of them. at any
future coronation; and we do hereby, in further compliance
with the advice of the aforesaid Committee of our Privy
Council, declare acrd make known to all such of our loving
subjects as it may concern, that it seems good to us that
the Committee of Claims shall, upon the occasion of this can
coronation, but without prejudice for the future to the rights
and claims of any of our loving subjects, exclude from their
consideration such cl ins as may be submitted to them, in
sespect of rights or services connected with the parts of the
cermoonial heretofore performed in Westminster-hail, and
with the procession; and we are further pleased, by the ad.
vice aforesaid, to direct that the Court of Claims do meet in
the Council Chamber, at Whitehall. instead of in she Palsied
Chamber, at Westminster, as had been directed by our fanner
Proclamation.
Given at our Court at St. James's, the 15th day of July,
in the second year of our reign.
God save the King.
IMPERIAL PA is LIAAIENT .

HOUSE OF LORDS, JOLT lb.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition from a number
of persons in Chester, against the importation of foreign
corn; also several other petitions for abolition of slavery.
Lord LORTON presented a petition from the trades of
the town of Boyle In Roscommon, complaining of distress
and fur a repeal of the Union. The noble lord said, that
he bad not of himself supported a repeal of the Union, he
should be out of his senses if be did : neither were they com-
plaining of temporary distress arising from legal famine.
Marquis of WESTMEATH said he begged the attention
of the house to a declaration he held in his hand relative to
the petition just presented ; it was signed at a meeting which
was only attended by four magistrates, and all the property
represented on the occasion did not amount to more than
4,0001.
Lord TEYNHAM moved for certain returns relative to
the duties on malt and bops.—Ordered.
Lord LONGFORD presented a petition from West-
meath, against reform as proposed by Ministers.
Lord KING laid on the table a bill for the amendment
and alteration of the tithe laws. _ _ _

The Bishop of LONDON said that a Right Rev. Prelate
had a bill before the house with precisely similar an inten-
don. fie objected to the Noble Lord's bill as an inter.
mediate step, and defective in some of its most important
details.

Lord KING, so far from wishing to promote litigation,
assured the house that his great aim and object was to pre.
vent dispute and litigation.
After a few words from the Bishop of BRISTOL, which
were inaudible,
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, although the pre.
sent was not the most couveuient time for discussing the
of the noble lotd's me.sure, he must protest against
it as depriting the clergy of what had hitherto been con.
sidtrcd as fared as rivale property, without providing any
cow pet:sat:on.
Lord KING said, the erect of the bill was to be prospec.
dye. It did not interfere with existing interests.
The bill was then read the first time.
CUSTOM-HOUSE OATHS DILL.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, rising to move the
third reading of this bill, thought it right to state the
grounds on which their Lordships were Called upon to give
it adoption. During many years the Legislature had
thought it necessary to have oaths taken upon almost every
transaction relating to the revenue of the country. The
number of oaths had at last increased to an extent which de-
feated the very purpose for which they were intended. IP
the department of the Curtains 10,000 oaths were taken last
year, and in the Excise department 12,000. It was repugnant
to the feelings of every moral man to see the name of the
Supreme Divinity invoked upon so many common and ordi-
nary occasions, and Government had abolished one-half at
least of this indiscriminate swearing. Of 94 classes of oaths
it was proposed to abolish 82.
The Bishop of LONDON expressed his satisfaction at
the passing of this bill. The government were entitled to
his thanks for promoting Christianity by removing these
profane oaths. IThe reverend prelate thought it was im-
possible so many oaths could be required as were taken in
England. His hope was that the growlrg disposition of late
among magistrates to admit gratuitous affidavits would be
done away. It frequently happened that public advertise.
menu and placards were exhibited, boasting of the oaths
taken on the subject of newspaper publications and other
species of traffic. His ardent desire was, that wanton an.
necessary oaths might be checked in every department. He
returned thanks to the noble marquis for a measure founded
upon a moral principle, and which could not fail in producing
a good effect.
Lord WIN FORD concurred in the opinion of the right
reverend prelate. He thought the penalty of 100 L for taking
improper oaths was not enough.
tbe bill was then read a third time and pissed.

!RipTer LEoroLa.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY, seeing the Noble
Earl in his place, wished to ask a question. The Noble
Marquis had no desire to impede the public service ; but
he did understand that an illustrious Prince was about to
'depart for the Sovereignty of Belgium, and it was desirable to
know whether the negoclation on the subject of Belgium bad
been brought to a close. When the time came for discus-
sion be should express his opinion upon that negotiation. It
was extraordinary that his Majesty's Government should have
saved that Prince from the shipwreck of Greece, to launch
him again into a more tempestuous ocean. The Noble
Marquis wished for papers, and if be did not receive those
papers be should give notice of a motion on the subject. He
wished also to know whether the large Income of that Prince
was to go with him to Belgium ? With respect to the new
arrangement of the affairs of Belgium, he did not think it
could long exist. Looking at the state of France, the ele-
ments of dissatisfaction were too risible. The noble marquis
called upon the noble earl to say whether the rumour to
which he had alluded was true, and if true, whether his Ma-
haty'sGovernment would afford the Information Parliament
d a right to call for, namely, all papers relative to the as-
sociation on the affairs of Belgium, as well as the tasteful
letter of Lord Pontonby. It had been highly panegyrised ;
but if the opinions of foreign ministers were taken, they
would not agree upon the panegyric.
Earl GREY—I mute the noble marquis I shall not take
any notice of the opinions the noble marquis and o.hen may
have thought proper to express on the negotiation to which
he has referred. Whenever the discussion comes on which
the noble marquis is so anxious to bring forward, I shall
be prepared to satisfy all his inquiries. At present I have
nothing to address myself to, except the question whether it
is the intention of his Majesty's Government to make any
communication to this douse. On that 1 have no difficulty
In saying, it is probable his Majesty will be advised, when
his confidential servants can give the advice, to make such
communications as Parliament and the public have a right
to expect. A competent discretion as to the time of making
such communication has usually been left to the Ring's
Ministers, 1 therefore will state nothing more than this
whenever the time shall arrive, when it will be safe to the
'public interests to make such a communication, I have every
reason to believe such communication will be made. _

The filarquis of LONDONDERRIC—After what has
betn said, I have a confident hope the communication will
not be long ; I shall, however, prepare for a motion on the
subject, if no such communication be made.
Earl GREY.—With respect to the income settled by Act
of Parliament on Prince Leopold, I am not certain it can be
the subject of debate. It is an income settled by Act of
Parliament, over which Parliament does not usually exercise
contmul.

LORD L I

Lotd MELBOURNE moved the third leading of the
Lord Lieutenants in Ireland bilL

Lod WICKLOW made a few remarks on the power of
Lord Lieutenants to appoint Vice-Lieutenants.
Lord Al KLEMM NE said it was necessary they should
have that power.
The I hike of WELLINGTON thought the power neces-
sary. The Lord Lieutenant of a county might be absent
from Ireland in Parliament ; and it was desirable, in case of
disturbance, dint some person should reside in the county to
coma.tuoicate with the Governm..nt-

The Illaiquis of LONDONDERRY did not object to the
appointment of Vice-Lieutenants, blot he could not avoid
looking with jealousy at the great increase of patronage given
to certain intlitiduals in Ireland. He stated his objections
to the bill, because it was to be the forerunner of the
abolition of the office of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. If
that should be effected, it would, in his opinion. be one of
the most fatal steps ever taken.
Lord FARNHAM thought the office of Lord Lieutenant
in England stood on a better footing than Lords Lieutenants
in Ireland. The Lord Lieutenant in Ireland would not have
the power to appoint Lieutenant. Colonels of Militia. If it
was to be an office of dignity in Ireland, he did not see why
the Lord Lieutenant in England should stand in a better
situation.

Lord MELBOURNE said he hal no objection to make
that alteration in the bill, and on that vicw it would bebettcr
to put off the third reading to Monday.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said the Lord Lieute.
cult of Ireland had the appointment of militia olllcers, and
it would be u well to let the lords lieutenants of counties
have the appointment subject to the Lord Lieutenant.
The debate was adjourned to Monday.
BAZIERUPTCY BILL.

The LORD CHANCELLOR, in pursuance of notice,
rose to bring in a Bill to regulate proceedings in bankruptcy.
It was the Bill of last Session, with some alteration. He
had availed himself, since the first introduction of the Bill,
to consult all the members of the law who had chosen to
give him assistance. He had consulted gentlemen, not only
practising in equity but in common law courts. Before he
introduced this measure on a former occasion, he took the
opinions of the legal profession, but he had since had an op-
portunity of consulting a much larger number of gentlemen,
and the consequence had been what he considered improve-
ments in the minute details of the Bill. There was no ma-
terial change, unless it were this.—official assignee• acting
under the Great Seal had a larger power in the former Bill.
He understood some jealousy had been entertained by gen.
Semen in the city upon getting through commissions with
official assignees, whose power under the Great Seal they
considered too extensive. The consequence had been, that
their power had been restricted in one sense, and enlarged in
another. The gentlemen in the city were desirous of having
the business in bankruptcy carried on without official mai&
nets, but the Noble and Learned Lord thought it was ne-
cessary to have the proceedings of commissions under the
controul of a responsible person, answerable to the jurbdie.
tier of the Great Seal. He should, for the present, move the
Bill be reads first time, for the purpose of being printed.
Lord WYNFORD expressed a hope that they might
have the benefit of the Lord Chief Baron's attendance on
the discussion.
The Bill was then read the first time, and ordered to be
printed.
The House then Adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Sir R. BATESUN presented a petitiou tiom the Synod
of Ulster, in favour of the Kildare-street grant.
Mr. RUTHVEN said the petitioners were not the body
the house might suppose—there was a schism amongst the
body: those who well understood the subject, considered that
this society obsttucted the cause of education.
The consideration of the Coleraine election petition was
postponed front the 19th to the 28th, on the motion of the
Attorney-General.
Mr. PERRIN presented a petition from Bel!beggar,
Irelan that the elective franchise might be the same in
nd as that in England.
Mr. HUNT resealed • petition from the married and
single women of Manche.ter, stating that their husbands
and swee.nesna bad petitioned for the repeal of the Corn
Laws. and they were anxious to back up their exertions : and
they also prayed Or an abolition of the Tea and Sugar
dales.

Mr. H. HOWARD presented a petiton from Shoreham
in favour of the Reform Bill.

Mr. W!LKS presented a petition from the females of Co-
ventry for the abolition of slavery.
Lord CASTLEREAGH presented a petition from De-
vonildre in favour of the Kildare-street Society.
—Mr. O'CONNELL said, the most horrible persecutions
bad taken place in the South of Ireland, in consequence of
Catholics refusing to send their children to the Schools of the
Kildare-street Society. Mr. Synge had been most active in
persecuting those who refused to send their children to those
schools, which was the main cause of the disturbances in the
MUM) of Clare.—He bad himself two schools in his neigh.
bourbood, in which there wen 1,100 children and which was
a serious charge on him, and in support of which be would
be very glad to receive public assistance if he could receive
it conscientiously. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. GRATTAN said the speeches of the Directors of the
Kildare4treet Society had made it odious to the people- He
hoped the government would propose some natiesel system
of education in which all might agne.—(Hear.)
Mr. PROTHERO said he had visited about all the
whores in Ireland, and found the Kildsre-strast Society-
' schools almost dererted in consequence of the haling ex-
citedagainst them by their attempt at proselydow.
Mr. M. O'CONNELL said that so keg age as the
year 18S4 a memorial was forwarded faun die enmity of
i Clare to the Gemstone of MIRO, Ora by the 111.14
respectable Protestant lad Whelk Mahan
that If so cod was net put se ila tolge%
so ibmemin-
uk must be the ososeqwwww.
the anteantewas a oat soveseds• of Mr. II ..gs—. ITNI al
be
believed the assusedel was tam Mandl te
is
us. HUNT thewebt, as these wee we lo• le the
Catholics and Presestesse of Imbed dee Lire.
ea"! Irwt, **best way to est& the useht be to
witibail she past. When two ilegs fir a bens. the
best tell es sad the quern! was to take away the boos.—
A laugh.)
•
