MATCH OF PIGEON SHOOTING.

Thursday a Match of Pigeon Shooting took place in the Eelds
adjoining the lied House, Battersea, between Sir HINNY Tuft-
AIMS (Adjutant-General), the Hon. G. Anson, relative of Lord
ANSON, and the lion. Mr. Gacvn.i.x. They enjoyed the sport,
without intermission, for three hours, and, as was the case w !as
two or three recent matches, they were obliged to close the
spurt front want of game. They shot thirteen dozen ! In the af-
ternoon another shooting match took place, at swallows and spar-
rows. The parties were excellent shuts, and enjoyed the sport
till a late hour.

The very early departure of the swallow is said to
prognosticate a very hard winter. It is remarked
that these birds are now congregating in the way
which is usual late in September or October, and ap-
parently for the purpose of migration.

Between 'nine and ten o'clock on Friday se'nnight,
as Mr. JOHN RcnsEßTsom was returning from Oxford
to Malmsbnry in a low four-wheeled carriage, with-
Miss WALKER, and Miss MARY PAGE (a young Lady
from London on a visit to Miss WALKER), in descend-
ing a hill at the entrance of the town from Thtbury,
the horse became unmanageable, and set off at full
speed. Miss PAGE, greatly alarmed, jumped out, dii.
located her neck, and died instantaneously.
Monday, as Mr. FOWLER (with Mr. KIDD,
keeper, of Tadcaster, seated with him on 'lire boa) was
driving a coach near tbat place, by a sudden jerk
they were both thrown from the coach, and lj►lr. KIDD
was killed on the spot. Mr. FOWLER sustained Go nuk.
tt:rial injury.

? ~~; i
~~ ~ ~,:,
r

~~

J.

1.

~~

,

f~

r; i

1,
..:1

~s~ ~

.1 •

:

s

.1
1 1 1
:i a

The eagle screams upon Renmore,
The Wild deer bounds on Cheviot fell;
Step boldly, Kiog. on Albyn's shore,
Son of her Lords, she greets thee well.
The voice that hash been silent long,
Awakes to harbinger thy path;
Once more she.weaves the ancestral song,
Once more 'tis " Righ gu broth !"
From grey Dun Edin's castle crest,
Float, float, thou Royal Banner yriCle,
Gleam, gleans more radiatit than the rest,
.Dear emblem of old Albyn's pride!
Glow, ruddy licM, as of yore
It was thy wont, on fields of wrath, •
To brighten 'midst the kindling roar
Of Catimore's " Ragh gu brach
Beam, beam, as when our hero'S sty
-Dissolved thy slumber of despair,
And rais'd thee, sunlike front,our sky
The cloud of slavery to scare.
Aye—as from cut the dark Torwood,
The stranger saw thy blazon shine,
• When Wallace steeped the folds in blood,
And flung them from the pine!
high sign ! as when the coming galley
Of Bruce displayed thee o'er the prow,
And on indirant bill and valley,
Roused Carrick spear and Arran how.
Beam now ;—or as, when calm and stern,
lie fixed thee in you sacred stone,
tinslung the mace for Bannockburn,
And bade the trump be blown !
No, sacred symbol, float us free—
As bright be thy inajestic glance—
But
gentle all thy splendour be; '
No terror tinge the cognizance!
Beam softly, star of chivalry,
As when proud Windsor's exile came
To bless, on Scottish tower and tree,
The welcome of thy flame ! •
Or beam (but bar each worser omen),
As when the filled bark drew nigh,
And courteous Knights and stalwart Yeomen
Knelt here—even here—'neath Mary's eye.
The feudal rage, the zealot gloom,
'Chat quencled the day of that fair morn,
Lie didn't! together in the tomb
Cf unrelenting scorn ! •
A:Astber dawn, I scarce may name,
Saw thee, fur princely greeting, glow,
In evil hour a wanderer came,
For once, thou wert the sign of woe :
Yet then, even then, there was no shame
To stamp the stain of tears and blood,
And generous memory mourns to blame
The errors of the good!
Float fairly from Dun Et' lin's brow,
Primeval runon of his Fathers....
Nor tear. nor blood shall stain thee now—
No gloom around tby blazon gathers!
Front Sazon firm and fiery Gael,
From moor and mart, from cot and ball,
One voice—one heart—goes forth, to hall
-The King—the Sire of All!
Though with the Scottish stream be met
The blood of Kings that were not mine,
Though D'Este and Plantagenet
Dave blended with the Bruce's line,
The spirit of departed time
Is in the song that meets thy path,
And lilts once more in Albyn's clime
The shout of " BiiA go. brash I"

The crown that circled Bruce's helm,
Once more the Douglas' hand shall raise;
The sword that rescued Bruce's realm
Be guarded by the De la Hayes.
Th;; children of the heath and yew •
Come harnessed down from glen and strath,
Plant o'er their crests the White and Blue,
And swell the " R 4 4gm broth !"
• The King for ever.

Conounns' IsQuEsrs.—Yesterday an Inquest was
held at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, on the body
of Joseph Littlewcod, a boy about :line years of age.
It appeased that on Wednesday evening, between
eight and nine o'clock, the deceased was playing
with several other children at the top of Cock-lare,
near Giltspur-street, when a waggon passed by, and
the children followed it. When in Smithfield, the
deceased, in order to get away from his companions
who were pursuing him, ran under the waggon, and
another boy was following to catch aim, when the
carter smacked hit whip to prevent him ; at the sound
•of the whip tie deceased, in endeavouring to get .it
between the wheel,, stumbled and fell; and the off
bind wheel passed over the back part of his head and
neck. The waggon was immediately stopped, and
the unfortunate boy taken to the above Hospital, but.
he was quite dead ; the right side and back part of
the skull being dreadfully fractured, and the collar-
bone broken. The Jury returned a verdict of—Ac-
cidentil Death; levying a deodand of ss. on the wheel.
Another Inque,t was yesterday held at the Lord
Wellington, in Carmarthen-street, Tottenham-court-
road, on the body of Sarah Roe, an aged woman,
who was found dead in her lodgings, in Thortiliaugh-
street. She resided alone in a room in the house,
and was seldom seen, although known to be in great
distress; but the other lodgers never interfered until
Monday, when some one calling to see her, the door
was found 1-cked, and on its being forced open, the
was discovered laying on the bed quite dead, and ap-
parently had been so for sometime. The appearance
of the room was that of very great distress. The Jury
returned a verdict of—Died by the Visitation of GOD,
through excessive wont
A shocking occurrence took place at the house of
Mr. CUTTILL, merchant, of Lincoln, on Tuesday last,
by which a highly-esteemed servant lost his life, and
a kind master and most worthy man is plunged into
the dee:-.cst distress imaginable. About two o'clock
in ring, two female servants who had got up
to s, ash, heard some persons, as they believed, at-
tempting to get into the house; they immediately
alarmed Mr. CUTTILL and his servant man ; the

young man coming down stairs first, the women
urged him to go and call his master again; he ac-
cordingly went up, without a light, and met Mr.
CUTTILL, who had armed himself with a sword,
coming out of his room; hearing somebody in the
passage, Mr. CUTTILL demanded who was there, and
what they wanted ? but receiving no answer, and
being fully impressed with a belief that thieves had
got into the house, and that his own life might at
that instant be in jeopardy, he rushed upon him and
wounded him in the body. The young man died on
Wednesday morning, about four o'clock; he was 21
• years of age, and had lived with Mr. CUTTILL from
his infancy ; his father had also been a great number
of years in Mr. CUTTILL'S employment, as a meter.
He could not account for not being able to answer
his mastei when he demanded who was there; he
said he tried to speak, but could not. It is imposi-
tile to decribe the agony of mind of Mr.-CUTTILL.

-

nn

..;y~.--R !
.t~~

SUMMER ASSIZES.'

WESTMORLAND, AUGUST 19.
The LORD CHIEF Justice opened the Commission,
in'the County Court at Appleby about ten o'clock in
the morning,
.proceeded thence to Church, and re-
turned to Court soon after twelve o'clock. His Lord-
ship got through the business of both Courts before!
four o'clock. There were three prisoners and three
causes. The bill against one of the prisoners was
ignored, and one of the causes was referred. Mr.
Baron Wool) did pot at all appear, on account of
LANCASTER, AUGUST 25.
The business of the Assizes here is expected to be
rather heavy. The calendar is not remarkable either
for the number of prisoners or the greatness of the
offences. There are fifty prisoners; one for the mur-
der of a young woman, three for rape, and one for
child murder. " Killing and slaying," the reproach
of Lancashire, occurs not less than six times iu the
calendar. There are several prisoners for uttering
forged notes of the Blackburn Bank, and one for the
Bank of England. David Ridgway, the victim of
the Biidge-streee Society, is a prisoner under the
charge Of perjury.
GALWAY, AUGUST 15.
'•INDICTNENT OF A CATHOLIC PRIEST ON A CHARGE OF

CELEBRATING AN ILLEGAL MARRIAGE.
The Rev. John O'Connor, 'Parish Priest of Kilcon-
nel and Aughrim, stood indicted, that he on the 17th
day of February last, in Kilconnel, did celebrate a
marriage between Thomas Curley, a reputed Catho-
lic, and Mary Parry, who professed herself to be a
Protestant for twelve months before, contrary to law.
The Rev. Gentleman, after having been arraigned, sat
in the lawyers' box.
Mr. DANIEL opened the prosecution.—The 23d of
our late King enacts, that any Romish Priest con-
victed of celebrating a marriage between two Protest-
ants, or a Pi otestant and a Catholic, if not previously
celebrated by a Protestant Clergyman, is subject to
the penalty o!' five hundred pounds. The Learned
Counsel recited several other Acts, and concluded a
very able address by stating his regret that such penal
statutes existed, and expressing his hopes that they
would be shortly repealed.
Mary Parry—examined by Counsellor DANIEL
Lives on the Kilconnel-road ; is married ; her maiden
name was Mary Parry ; was married on the 17th of
February 1822, at Kilconnel, by the Reverend John
O'Connor, according to the rites of the Roman Ca-
tholic Church, to Thomas Curley, a Roman Catho-
lic ; witness was a Catholic at the time of her mar-.
riage ; is one at present, and was one in her own
mind for a considerable time before her marl iage ;
witness went to Church ; her father and mother are
Protestants ; she herself was reared a Protestant ; was
never in the Rev. Mr. O'Connor 's company until the
evening of her marriage ; had no conversation with
him about being a Protestant ; on her going to be
married, the Rev. Mr. O'Controfasked her was she
perfectly resigned ? she answered, she was pet fectly
resigned, and wished to he married ; the Rev. Gentle-
man told her, after she read her recantation, that
there was no harm done, and that she might return
home if she pleased ; she declined doing so; the Rev.
Mr. O'Connor was not disposed to marry her ; be
hesitated for a long time; her husband deiver:d a
letter to the Rev. Mr. O'Connor from Mr. Wade;
she and her husband lived with Mr. Wade ; did not
know the purport of the letter, but handed it to her
husband, to be given by him to the Rev. Mr. O'Con-
nor ; the Rev. Gentleman did not know her before;
don't regret her marriage ; is perfectly satisfied and
happy; did not employ Counsel or Agent for this
prosecution, nor did her husband ; the prosecution is
not carried on with her wish or desire, or that of her
husband.
ThomasWade,Esq.examined.—Knew Mary Parry;
lived in his family for two years ; left it a week pre-
vious• to her marriage; she professed being a Pro-
testant whilst there; she attended Church constantly ;
his father is in a bad state of health.
Here the following letter was produced to the wit-
ness, who said it was sent by his father to the Rev.
traverser; the letter was written by his mother, by
the consent and desire of his father ; knows the Rev.
Gentleman, and knows him to be the Catholic Priest
of the pat ish of Aughrim and Kilenonnel:
" FalrfieLl, Feb. 17,189 E.

" DZAR Sra—l will feel extremely obliged if yonwilbanarry
the bearer hereof, Thomas Curley, to Mary Parry, my maid-
servant, with as little delay as possible, she having eloped with
him. I fear be may desert her if there is any delay on the occasion.
" Rev. J. O'Connor, " 1 am, dear Sir, yours, &c.
Kilconnel." "SAMUEL WADE.

.....
The evidence for the prosecution then closed. There
were no witnesses produced on The part of the defence.
During the trial several discussions took place on
law points.
Mr. NORTH contended, that if it were even proved
that the Rev. Mr. O'Connor knew one of the party
to be a Protestant, it would not be sufficient to con-
vict him : it should also be distinctly proved that the
partie. were not first married by a Protestant Cler-
gyman, in order to find his client guilty.
Mr. FALLON observed, that being a reputed Pro-
testant was not sufficieut to convict—what was the dis-
tinction between a Catholic and a reputed Protestant?,
Nothing more, he supposed, than the distinction he
heard a Gentleman once make, who, on being asked
why he was a Protestant? answered " because I curse
the Pope, and eat meat on Fridays."
Counsellor 13LAKENvir on behalf of the Rev. Mr.
O'Connor, addressed the Court and Jury, and re-
gretted that an Act which. was intended as a relief for
the Roman Catholics, should be converted to the use
it was that day—that of harassing and oppressing his
client ; but he confided so much on the liberality and
I discernment of the Jury, that he felt convinced that
all their efforts would be ineffectual.

Judge Buitroty, in addressing the Jury, said, that
the Penal Statutes under which the Reverend Gen-
tleman was indicted, were very coercive, and ex-
pressed a wish that they should be speedily amended.
His Lordship thought that Mr. O'Connor having re-.
ceived a letter from a Protestant Gentleman, request-
ing him to celebrate the marriage, was a justification
on his part, and might have impressed him with the
conviction that the parties were Roman Catholics.—
His Lordship thought, from the respectability of tht
Reverend Gentleman, that he was not morally guilty
of the offence imputed to him, but that it was through
inadvertence and not knowing the law on the subject,
that he violated the Statutes.

The Jury retired, and after a few minute? consul.
tation, returned with. a verdict of Not Gielk.

...-T • 1,

mvlowe.,l :-Nwpw:i.ael,m,,m,FPigniPmiliw.--
. •
j=e==
STANZAS
FOR THE KING'S LANDING IN SCOTLAND.
- •
