, ..
such a statute so circumstanced could be dealt with tralWilkfiter
astute.
ratite,
•Ma ;AMES DALY 'poke the the* peopled
exaceiving that it wouldabrogate the eights of die in
that
altftethm.
Blr C. WETHERELL said that the neceeiary onsequences of
the late Relief Billy* that there should be an alliollacibill of pd-
' vllcgis amongst all classes. Then: might be some dianspieetes al
points of controversy, which would require considnaties. When
tho proposed maitre should be brought forward, these could bo
maturely disoo;cesrl.
~. aill . ,
! Mr. NORT begged to the **notion of the house shortly to
the history of At * matter. In the reign of George the First the
town of (Way was very Catholic, and it was the policy at that
time to inmate the strength of the law In the mode of Interfering
with the municipal regulations of the town—end a privilege wad
given to every Protestant tradesman or artificer, who had, been
resident • for seven years in the town, of claiming his freedom
as a might. (Hear, hear.) This was done to induce tants of
other pans of the country to come and settle in Galway. Butz.
Hey as now at an end—it was now foe ever passed by
a better and a more liberal policy, had taken Its place. The' new po-
licy requited that Catholics and Protestants should be upon an
eqnslity of privilegea. But how was that to be done ? • The
manifest mode was to withdraw from the Protestant the wt.
fair advantage which bad been given him by the first bill, and
to restore the town to the circumstances in which it had been before
the statute was pained. It was a fallacy—certainly a fitikey adopted
for obvious purposes--but still a fallacy—to argue 'that the true
mode was to elevate the catholic to the false level to which the pro.
tenant had unjustly been raised fora particular purpose. The only
true way of remedying the injustice was to repeal the measure which
had given one party an advantage.
Mr. LAMBERT complained of the discontent and animosity
produced in the town of Galway by the Inequality if the law, and
usid that there would never be either OM or qty at any
eke** in the town while such a sourte ardlisentlea tamed. 'The
people were nasally diecomentedat seeing the eataters driven is
like a heed of cattle to take their privileges out of their bads. Tiny
were actually seen wound into the . town tketno et Me of eel.
diem. It was impossible kir any mais pineal" MOM 1M1M10.4.
endure such degradation. In a population ef MAO page, Ma,
would the house suppose was the number of Mika laliallffiato 9
Only one thousand, and those principally the Maas of the Ilea's&
able member.
Mr. O'HARA expressed his desire to vote*** Aiwa Stikkih
would conduce to the harmony and tranquillity of the lowa.
The motion was then agreed to.
In answer to a question from Mr. Banal.,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he Wade
some inquiries, the result of which he would communicate. Sofa
time back &difference of opinion had existed whether prints or maps,
in illustradon of works to which they were attached, should be dale-
' to duty as books, or should be charged for as separate prints. There
Imo every desire to put the matter upon a fair footing, and the dpi.
idea of the board was, that when prints Or Maps reeved only to IL
legate the books of which they formed part, they should batitat=
lier by weight as books, but when they were bound up by ,
.without the letter.prem, or the letter-mem served only to dlarate
ihrilts, the duty should be eharged as prints or maps and lot sea
That was the state of the law upon the point.
• Mr. BERNAL mid that no law was More objectionable oe maw
Bible to abuse:. If be was correctly informed, the
2inierho were charged with the execution of it, didairnetriserto
. . ,
spirit or the regulation of that late. They eddied seps.
sate duty for prints or maps, not only when they were bead op to.
,gesket but when they were merely . illustrative of the work to whin
they belosapd. He knew that this hail been the case with regard te
a geographkel work published by Dulau and Co. and also in other
instances. He badseen a letter inquiring the reason of the akin..
tion In the regulations, and it appealed that the Ciatern.houie of-1
Bees altered than. Prints which were bound up with books were
charged separately from the works which they illustrated. Plain
prints were charged one penny, and coloured ones two-pence each,
notwithstanding that they were merely illustrative of the works. He
was convinced that if the regulations were properly drawn up, and
explained to the officers at the different ports, no more would be
baud of these improper charges.
The CHANCE- LLOR of the EXCHEQUER alai ma ter
wan*
that the tegukdoos were as ha had gaited that. 1111*
~ •
Custom-honeo *lions might heve deviated Provo the* wen
If the hen. gent. would (=lilt to the Treasury a s tie
particulate which he bed now mentioned to the house It wadi be
sasptible, in order that the matter might lie inquired into.
Mr. PEEL moved for as address tp his majesty, praying that
the second report of the Commisehmenof lanky Into the proceed-
Inge and practice of the artier courts of law might be laid upon
the table. ., „ .
Mr. BROUGHAMmapto renew a 'notice of his. which bad
stood in the paper for Wednesday. He *had to apologise to the
house for not having. been present yesterday, but it sae a salient.
don to him to know that no Inconvenience had arisen to any oat
from hie absence, as it was blown that he meant to postpone his
minion. W be. gave.podee of his motion he expected that the
report ot. ..
the Cammissioners of Inquiry would have been presented
before the time,* which he fixed it, and that upon the report being
r:=:every member Would have immediate access to it. That,
,4was not the case. The reason of his pottponieg his
motion, in consequence .of the report not being received, was
obvious. He bad not seen the report, but be believed, that it
' did proceed in a certain degree, although not very fully, upon
the ground to which big motion referred. He wished -to fake
' this opportunity of renewing his motion for Thursday, the
99th of April, which was the earliest open day abet the Easter
, seems. He had again to apologise for his absence yesterday,
bee he really did not expect that a house* would have been made,
the baba of the night before having detained gentleinen to so late
ea howa...The motion was then agreed to. •
Mr. BROUGHAM presented a petition from a town in York-
shire, praying for the abolition of West India slavery. in moving
that it should be printed, he begged leave to ask the right hon.
gentleman, the secretary fur the colonies. whether he was prepared
I *give any information as to the intentions of government with
to the reins of the colonial. judicature, and particularly
gastes
71.1111=111.1;84"t-illillheildatunit:tliabiredbe.kmilitaktoebeendwiasffiborfat7dbriesIgtig.higf9srOnwtofaroletwi'mardthwportastiewa:14111".
-Ont. WWI 1111 be glad to see receive immediate attendee,
aos that aid* to the adequacy of receiving the evident* of
.:ffitersons Al. ll* *owes. .
0
..MUIRRAY said disc,. *Asa expaliture, he was not
a sot to give any definitive answer,rot 10 say whether icy
..
ye measure could be introduced daring this session or
eat ; but be would use his Mit "endeavours to Wig Skald mine
tie sure, if not of complete, at feast of some partial masa.
. It wee then ordered that the petition should he patted. •
.. Sir F. BURDETT begged to ask the right hee. secretary at
net, whether be lad any obj. aim to tumid: a return of the number
:fzishments in the arena, for the last 12 months, throughout the
p kingdom ?
Sir H. HARDINGE said that he certainly had a eery strong
objection to give a return of the number of punishments, because
that would have the effect of representiug in an unfair light certain
regiments which happened to be placed in peculiar circumstances.—
The number of punishments in a regiment must depend upon* the
circumstances in which it was placed : some might he plead in
situations of great temptation, and others of little or none. The
punishments depended upon the locality. and would, of course; vary
apeordieg so eiraintstaners.. list a return such as the hon. bargees
wished for could not stake the neceisary*distinetion, and ft would,
therefore, be unfair;
Sir FRANCIS BURDETI' *asked If such manna had not
been made.
Sir H. HARDINGE said he believed that there never bad been
any such returns; ad be conceived that salt would be • I say ob.
jectiouable mode of communicating information. He had no Objec-
tion to inform the hon. baronet What was- the ainipstative Somber al'
punishments; and he hoped the hon. baronet would be *defied'
with receiving that Inforinatiou, without calling for a detailed ratan
to be laid on the table.
eTATt Or TINS CHUNCII IS IWICLAYD.
Sir J. NEWPORT said he had often . had occasion to pray, jilt'
indulgence of the bow, and at resent be stood peculiarly in need
of it, from the t of the subject which he hall to brie( be.
fore the house. aaiiis !adequacy to do *tire to it. Ile was hilly
sensible that isiwiegleg Ihrward the question which he wee now
about to Isaacs to the notice. of the house, and in ceiling' attar.
, den to the stale of the established chorch in Ireland,. be bed tint
dankest a.teeit stbith required far greater talent than his to delis
none its lapwing, t maid he claimed no credit * any thing that
he bad dear Maio anfortvfxcept the seal with which he bad, in.
nearly .20 yeseejointarl to procure an examination into the
Idioms of the establishodiltisesh. Is was hit anxious desire tit*
allotf the isvanes. of the established church should .be
those the mmt welghty pm 54 ''
.dutles. .whiek wan, , ' that establhfttent
. • . _ . .
those upon whom'—
some sheer at the

„oblation. wan enitignolotot
viseraggas. Ma
adiamooks Ait
Abe Aral OW
'Attie intistion”
tiao aim& nomostrinll4,
.todemina

bialialatiiit
Ise Oast hat
die iikrty eta
thiush ebtablisbanit

Welly as he could, eenslatentliFr • with the details neceatery to elect.
date the subject. He begged re to as• that he hoped, in *hoe
be was about to car, heaOu near be • es wishing to im.
'pair,' bat, on the contrary; to okippoTT sod uphold the church
establishment:. He was the best Kali of the establishment who
directed attention to its evils in order to their removal, and
not he, who, knowing of the existence of emir evils, continual
and upheld them. Lord Bacon had put i say sensible and
Important question on this subject. lit this, as in all his other
sentiments, that eminent *Titer displayed hie intelligence and
sagacity. He asked why it was that the Established Church
should not be regulated by wholesome laws framed every three
or four years, with a view to the remedy of abeam, u chance
or time might render it necessary, and why, contrawise. the
Eceleshistial state dhotild cotitinue through the stretch of
time and receive no alteration ? This was a very pow question;
and it was truly observed by the same writer that " Tbie is the
greatest of all innovators." The abuses of the eueablished church
would afford a full justification of this remark. The commence.
meat of the reformation in Ireland disclosed one of the most extra.
ordinary pieces of legislation ever exhibited in any country. Under
the auspices of Queen Elisabeth the Aet of Uniformity, which was
passed in England, was introduced into Ireland verbatim, except
that a clause was added at the end, which would be admitted to be
of as extraordinary character. Its effect was, that as in most plates
hh Ireland there could not be found ministers to perform divine
service, or to administer the sacrament, or rad the common
prayers in the native tongue, sad as few of the people could
read Irish, it should be lawful for the ministers or priests in
such places to read the prayers and perform the service in the
Latin lengthy. So that; because the priests did not understand
English they war to read the service in Latin; and the people,
who understood neither Latin nor English, were to hear the service
mid in a language, of which they did not understand a syllable.
He would now take a view of the prog ass of the reformation in the
time of James the First. Acc sting to Sir John Davis, it appeared
that in the ecclesiastical otadOrs of Illeseglwat, Fermanagh, and Ca.
van, there were ten parishes under one minister ; they were in the
diocese of the Bishop of Mame, and he had also the parsonage of
Trim, which was one of the best in Ireland. He was also possessed
etemether diocese, and there was so service in either diocese. From
means width be bad, it appeared that there were on an average 300
acres belonging to each living in the diocese ; but in one living, to
which 1,300 saes were attached, there was no glebe house, and the
incumbent was non-resident, holding another living with 400 acres
and a glebe house. How could the service of the church be pro-
perly administered under such regulations ? At a subsequent pe-
riod provisions were made for the building and repairing of churches.
At that period Roman Catholics were shut out from the vestry, and
the whole tof the church was in the hands of the pro.
tenants. It d not -v, however, that they took any very great
• churches •

. ap,
interest in their conditionpea for many , were found in's-state
of decay at the time of the Union, and grants had since been made
by'rirliametit for rebuilding them. He thought its very hard case
whete the Seinen Catholics had been shut out from the vestry, and
the Protestants not performing their parts, that when the churches
tumbled doWn the people should be called upon to *build them.
About the same time measures were taken for uniting and die.
uniting parishes. The second of George I. was passed for this
purpose, and in sixty.two years from that time thirty-seven parishes
were united, and thirty.seven disunited—exactly an equal proper.
thin of each. Preen that time to the year 1800, when tillage in.
awed, and consequently the necessi for uniting parishes was
diminished, yet twenty-five were united, and only seven disunited.
So that as the provision increased which rendered such unions un.
necessary, 'still, instead of decreasing, they increased. In the
eights's yaws down to 1818 there were thirty-four parishes united,
and but eight dileanited. It certainly would be but just that, in
'littlipiidon as' Su' mans of support derived !torn separate perishes
wk. charged, the nutnber of unions should be diminished ; but
instead of that, the clergy went on uniting them. Several of these
churches, Gene of them cathedrals, had no service performed in
them, mei the ounimion was excused by the incumbents, on the
that they were either so dilapidated, or out of repair, that
trtmsruotd be inconvenient or dangerous to collect a congregation
therein. The consequence was, naturally, that the Protestant I'ami.
lies in those districts were on the decline, and they became converts
to a faith which was upheld with greater seal. Dr. Pocock, Bishop
of °sooty, in estimating his diocese in 1731, calculated there were
1,180 Protestant families in it, whilst in the late census they were not
reckoned at mere than 711 families ; and what proved more strikingly
the declension of Protestantism was, that, in the former estimate,
the gross population' was taken at 42,000, whilst in the recent
MUM the aggregate population amounted to 83000. By Mr.
Tigbe's Survey, the number of acres of church property were found
to amount to 1100,000, or as mach as four of the largest shed
counties of Ireland. Many parishioners were NB eleven miles
away from any church, notwithstanding this enormous charge for
religious purposes, which in such parishes amounted to 14d. an
acre for mere church rates. It has been said by the right hon. the
Chancellor of the Exchequer dust the money granted for build-
ing and repairing churches had Dot been iinprowidently spent In
in highly-ornamented edifices t be stated that, no grant to any
eburth, therefore, had exceeded 1,1001. or 1,3801. Now, with
**et to this fact, he bad ascertained, beyond a peedbility of its
being refuted, that in many instances advances bad been made to
the amount of 3,0001. or 4,3001. and in some instances to 14,0001.
The next point to which he should address a few remarks was
the condition of the beneficed curates of Ireland, and should
take, as a tolerably accurate sample of niany of them, that of
a person respecting whom he had made strict inquiries, and
found that he had been ordained in 1773 t he had at that time, and

for thirty-six yawl after received a salary of 401. a-year, always
'aiding at an old dilapidated glebe house, until it fell down—
and he was obliged, out of his income for the latter year of
that period, to find himself with a miserable residence suited
to his diminished means. After being turned out of the enviable
situation by a voting gentleman who was unborn even after
that old curate had been ordained, and in whom the superior
merit consisted in his undertaking to do for his rector, a pluralist.
the .duties of two churches he held i be was placed on another
at 604 a.year, then One at 001. sad finally Meet of et dfl-fivo
years' siedes as a working curate, to a salary of 751. a. ear,
Itish ampap—in which currency the rector took care to pay him,
tZI Wan contrary to the rule by which the rector was paid
ith
currency,) and reducing this worthy old curate's in.
Om tut . Nada. mould be mere piteous than the case of this
dial, person,whase dams hid been acknowledged
Une 1 WC dais if ylaptlpadeatib. labourYinethis vhingionwathis worthy
fory
polite walk if hollesibekonswgis, be thrown without'resouree, M
esteem ofil ar, am the chalky sad compassion of strangers, there
Is litiolwiaperaanttation ecclesiastical fund. One of these
six
blast
happamatt to be the bishop of Limerick prow bishop of
Yems,) w must be cognisant of all those facts, and was yet the
loudest in his aseenimm that there was no ground for alleging that
abuses existed in the edablishment. There were deductions of ea.
lary alsO, Which bilthought quite unwarranted- nor did they now
'Mount, es it had bear alleged by aright hon. gentleman, to a salary
of from lOW. to 751'each—ror only three were of that amount, and
the rest were Gill. each. One of these.cuses seemed to involve a most
sin ular economy, with a disregard of the spiritual welfare of three
in which the dears choral were the incumbents. The
570.7 i the one was dew by a rev. gentleman for a salary of 18/.
19s. 2d. a year, and that of each of two others at N. is. od. making
a total for all the thee* duties thus palbemed of 36'. lib. Thus
the poor curates were obliged to submit to is deprived of that which
the law allowed them, for, should they to complain, their
superior coolly acquainted them that bs should do his own duty.
and would dispense with their enviers. The tight hon. baronet,
after entering into a minute calculation to show how inadequately
the lower classes of the lash clergy were paid from the quantity of
bocksiastical land le Ireland, which was taken by a...timeless amount-
ing to 249,000 acres of the best land in Ireland, costeludal with
moving as address wide nntiestY; fur
" The appointment of a 'Commission, selected from the Privy
Connell of leelanikhatrocted with as little delay as may be practi-
cable, to proceed In a syttematie *examination of the several drocestes
of Ireland, ali 10 tied state of the unions of parbiseecon:shied therein
—the atitharity turd* which Stich unions Pave been effected—the
value of the several 'parishes so united:—their contiguity or remote.
isors*ont liaelfother, and frOM theseveral churches contained therein
"and the &titles or finpropricty of their continuing so united whey'
ever the bend in Weir they art comprised shall become vacant
by deatfibit Offends.; and to report, torn time to thee, their Pro*
mains' in'sneffezantimition to his majesty.
"'That hit'Stiejelty orgy be pleased to direct that strict inquiry
be Made by the 'Mdtbiihops and Bishops of Ireler.d fronetbe bens•
ilard'clergy itt Itiland, issembled at their visitatioos and otherwise
annually,lis'ilt their 'duct payment to their wend emotes of the
'fondant if.'Weenq stipidated by the act of pediment be paid to
them
ape fslikaanie of• the dutiesdesolving on such curates, in
&Irish' curfews, without any other deduction therefrom than such
'eels enpeewlystiT:lated by the said am.
4, That- Nis !Its ty.may be pleased to direct that • there be laid
'hbute - respretinglthe legal •pmeers
- -'-

of those I Wont' eh*. tOn ouch fisfalinitiso, rarrelor the legal .pollers
:ties .rtitireh werehlrtudiobil. opal* essableigeopir and that our* which these '
a iddliallivig fiat-' s' prataing plc'
nor upon whom Ars diet Vioglly PordblOt be labour should tupir l'ofin of ' arrarro Otsubo% 'now lOW the ham to
tae atom at till bind. .Mr hail barb to Mien that the diatri. judge sr the' espedieuey Irf •rotimmag -aer. boillierbon at 11410
am. was atia. and dot those obi Ishooridi bi mowers oT of rosnoviar anyobleoMbe aldebstagroow londir el-
-1 vi:Lamakmard-nwilit the aal! Plerboira4l.l„..a. A.,.. Irby tioilibUti or the 4ft ii •06trallaitsh• Orme, oll*Neldating that •ato Is -nbOli
II
i. 0111111414-- •* -- "''`i"" in Mal nt %1115,W Olt ail iliterusiat thelebersh.'ionibehawa, ad of
• abeam in at 6 ary arty. terbod. by wtolts thanittletb their oats.
imo ort4 iiii!theitar 60 Plo"414_141011-411tho - .a . • ii•tporttoiladt resoabaenil to sho•eabilandoir Of his
.aburca bat ertlaelk saa•witswf., Ault korknoi eat yr ..14artiiiro variety a euapeoduld therXoo, 01711"."
hoskerarmosed is histperiodo will* disy esOlt. Itooireortiar lo'an 41Vpitfy'et-tkorlinterithb ditl • gift osablitirs may
rstiptit :114:11-$.!.V AtoollutUntßitkiiii, dball has- laminae bo• tini auto
esolintat idle Ah 46......
._
__:_.
'd._ ail. Wiwi tits ardniter aloe drama esosoried. okh sea
1 Pall
11.1111=8"arli *SIN lit 1"1"1.* I" . ""` Vikiiiity lieberiediktiorril , where :it As bond laworoof to rebuild of
6Wm It audition let the hoses es dielagrapi Odic swab the some, of anowfaff., to afidasemildioldo:ciark be
mush abbitsbassent at 'Okapi periods, which he daub is so memos arising from such dignity or breeder, after debar
