THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

'SATURDAY, MAY 27, IS2$.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened at .79j # for the Account, and soon after they
wore done at 791 j, with every appearance of a iteady and firm
Market. Towards eleven o'clock the Market began rather to
give way, and Consols were done at 79e # for the Account.

•
In the Foreign Slarket all Northern Securities are improving.
In South American little is'doing.

Current Prices: Old Spanish 74 8, Mexican 624 63, Colam-
hian new 42e I, Russian 79b 80, Peruvian 304 314, Brazilian
Bonds 56 57, Danish 54i 57, Greek Bonds 15 4, New Scrip
premium.
..PRICR OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock 202
3 per Cent. lied. 78% 3/4
3 per Cent. Cons. 791,E 79
per Cent. Red. 84% 85 8414
. 4 per Cent. 953/i 95
Long Ann. 18% 15 16 ‘l3-14
I India Bonds. 7 8
421,0(X) Exchey. Bills 8 10 preitt.
`4:.500 ditto 8 10 prem.
• 4:100 and £2OO ditto 810 prem.
C for Acct. 79% lift
4 per Cent. Scrip ys 5/8 prem.
4 per Cent. 1826, 93%
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO 'O'CLOCK.
Colombian lid*, 6 p C. Mex. Acct. 691 ON 'll I
1)o. lids 1894, 494 49 1 Peru+. lids. 6 p C. 504.991
l'o. Acc. 424 1 401 40 1 401 Ditto Acct. 304
Danish 1id5,1525,5p C. 561 5$ 1 Russ. M1:1,1992,5-p C. 711
De. Acet. 561 Ditto Acct. 79
4 reek Bar 1112 S, 5 p S. Span. Bongs 5 p Ct. i 71
'Ditto for Arc. 1.51 Span. Sp. C. )523,41
:Mexican Bonds, 5 p C. 53 Fr. Reines, 5 p 96150 e.
?Mel Bonds 11195,621 601 111 Exchange, 951 55c
BRITISH AND -FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK*

X ngio Mexican 5 pm.

3IrA RI. ►AID.
100 30

IhriCiih Iron Cotupiny 100 30 '6l-
- 100 t 6 51
initetl Mexican 40 40 181
Welch Iron & Coal 25 45 31
4.iverponlAllanehester 100 0 1!
tarsal Gas Engine 5O 1 11 1

New York Papers to the 2d of May reached its this
forenoon. They state that the Bill making appropria-
tion for Ministers to the Congress at ;Panama was re-
ported without amendment by the Committee of Finance.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the resolution
submitted by Mr..Bitetacu, relative to the power of the
PnEXIDENT to originate embassies without the consent of
the Senate. Ms. B. spoke in favour of the resolution,

and when he hid concluded, Mr. RANDOLPH rose to'
give notice,-that, if the motion for indefinite postpone-
ment should not prevail, he would submit an amend
Ment, which would obiiate most of the objections to it.
—Mr. R. then proceeded, in his usual style, and spoke
about everything and everybody, and declared, that if
Mr. ADAMS was erected the next term, he would never
again strew his face in the Senate Chamber.
The mission to Panama, which has been so much
discussed in Congress, has at length been agreed upon ;
the question having been c 'tried in the affirmative, by
a small majority, in the Hue of Repre.entatives, on
the 20th ult. Trade is said Lobe very brisk at New York,
and American freights were advancing. The Exchange
Buildings were destroyed by fire on the night of the
28th. The loss is estimated at 200,000 dollars, only
half of which was insured.

We yesterday announced the fall of Blturtpore. Intel-

ligence of this important event was received at the
India House, by an overland dispatch from Bombay,
dated the 4th February, which came by way of Constan-
tinople, whence it was transmitted by Mr. CA RT WRIGHT,
British Consul General in that capital.
Bhurtpore was carried by storm, by the army under
the command of Lord COM BERM IRE, on the 18th of
January. DOOIL7Uti SALL, the usurping Rajah, and his
son, were taken prisoners, and the hole of that im-
portant fortress, with its troops, am nnition, and pro-
perty of every description, had falle into the hands of
the British Commander. The citadel surrendered at
discretion on the evening of the 18th.
The military operations before Bhurtpore have occu-
pied a period of little more than five weeks. The army
took up a position before it on the 10th of December,
and all attempts to induce its surrender having failed,
the trenches were opened on the 25th. The force pre-
pared for the attack was of a description calculated to
leave no doubt respecting the res*lt. The troops con-
sisted of 25,000 men, the best of our Indian troops, under
the command of the most experienced officers, and
possessed, a battering train of more than 120 pieces of
artillery. BULIUNT SINGII, son of the late Rajah, will
be restored to his dominions as the rightful heir.
---.........--
German Papers to the 21st inst. reached us this fore-
noon. The only article of any importance they contain
„is some observations on the probable effect the modifi-
cation of our Corn Laws will have on the agriculture
of the Continent. The low price of grain in Germany
is not attributed to a real excess of stock, but to the
distress of the growers, who are obliged to sell, in order
to obtain ready money. The following is the article:

-FRANKFORT, MAT 15.
The results to confirm the opinion that hu been already
expressed,e naedificatiims of the English con laws would
not have anble effect ea the prices of grain in the South east
of Germany. Barley and oats are indeed rising, bet mere from an
increased demand for home consunipton, than from the expectation
of a greater demand from abroad. Rye still remains extremely low, -
and the advance in wheat is not worth nsentionitig. It is aMrmed
besides, In many pursers, that shotigb large quantities of wheat are •'
really accumulated in the hands of some individuals, yet, en the •
whole, the amount is by no means lately to prove too
large for the supply of the home markets ; and that the
depreciation of the prices of wheat dries not proceed from a
real excess of the stock on hand so much as from the very
great distress of the vowers,who are eager to sell in order to obtain
the ready money, which they cannot do without. In the Dutch +
Ports, however, wheat has already risen ten florins per last. Yet,
as we now learn, the stock in their Ports is stated to be extremely
large, so that even in case the bonded corn in England, which is
now to be sold, should be speedily bought up, fresh supplies might
be immediately sent from Holland.
They also expected fresh importations from the Baltic, the arrival
of which would be hastened by the news from England. We are
not yet certain whether the House of Lords will adept the second
part of the Minhters' proposal respecting the permission to allow the
sale of 500,000 quarters more. Should this be decided, as it is
hoped, some rise in the prices may take place in Holland, but it
still remains doubtful whether they will ever rise so much as to
prove advantageous to our part of the Continent,eonsidering the great
expenses of carriage from Mayence, or other places on the Rhine.
The French Papers ot Wednesday and Thursday
Contain the report of a discussion in the Chamber of
Deputies on the budget, when a Member moved that a
sum of 300,000 franc: should be voted for the purpose
of redeeming some of the Christian women and children
whom the Turks have dragged into slavery from Greece.
The disturbances at Rouen are not suppressed; and it is
reported that the National Guard, when called out,
joined the populace. In one of the discussions in the
Chamber of Deputies M. VILIALE took an opportunity
of declaring that is in spite of all that has been said of
imminent positions in Europe there was nothing of the
kind; and that on the contrary, nothing could be more
certain than the continuance of the French peace."

A letter from Marseilles dated the 16th instant, states that a
iessel from Alexandria had arrived at that port with lifty-one
Turkish passengers, three ef whom were of such distinction, that
when they descended into the long-boat; to he conveyed to the
LAaretto, they were saluted with seven guns by their own vessel
(La Trinite, a French ship). It was believed that they were in
the service of the Pacha, one of them a Renegade, and that they
were come to negordate a Commercial Convention or a Loan.

Bogota PApers to the 19th of March, and letters
from St. Thomas's to the 6th of April, have been re-
ceived. The latter state that a law has been passed, by
which the ports of Colombia are to be opened for the
importation of sugar, rum, &c. after the Ist of July
next. Ter sonrctime past, rum has been smuggled in
large qusrntities to the Main.-14 the election of the
President and Vice-President of the Republic, which
.took place on the 14th March, the Liberator, llomvAit,
obtained 583 out of the 603 votes of persons composing
the Electoral Assemblies.: he was unanimously declared
President, and G. tteral SA NTANDER was elected Vice-
-Presi4ent.

The C!4nrber of Representatives had determined to
impeach General J. A. PAEZ before the Senate. 44 We
understand,"- says the Constitutional, "that it has been
brought forward in consequence of some acts of an
arbitrary nature which the General is alleged to have
tommitted in the city of Caracas, in cArrying into eff.ct
the decree for the enlistment of the Militia."

Last night both Houses of Parliament assembled : in

the House of Lords, both the Corn Bills were teed a
third time and passe.,; one of the Bills was referred
back to the house of Commons, whan:the altitratiost

' 'made by tbitrLordshitii Wit agreA to, and it Irra t' d'
first and second timei

Lord JOHN RussLLr. brought forward two resolutions
to
.prevent bribery and corruption at Elections. On
putting the first resolution, the numbers for and against
it were equal, there being 62 on each Ode, when the
SPEAKER gave a casting 'late in favour of the reudu•
ti ; the second resilution was passed without a diiision,
The House of Commons adjourned to Vs'ednesday next.
Last night, Mr. Wlmuor-Honrota stated in the House
of Commons, in answer to a question from Mr. Tads.
WILSON, that all the difficulties which had arisen in
completing the arrangements with the Canada Com.l
pany were at last obviated.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

Within th's hour the Consol Market has become
heavy, and Consols, which were at 12 o'clock at 791 for the Ac-
count, are at present 79j j, and for Money 79. But in the Foreign
Market there has been a great panic in South American securities
—Colombian and Mexican have fallen three per cent. and no per-
son could teU the cause. Various reports were in circulation,
such as the Ilavannah fleet had sailed, with two thousand
;nen on board, to retake Vera Cruz; that the Colombian
Dividend would not be paid. All this caused great conster-
nation amongst the South American Stock dealers, but it
appears that the real cause for the decline in those securities, is
owing to recent letters received this morning from Carthagena,
stating that the LIM Cutter, belonging to the house of Gutmann
had arrived there with dispatches, and the account of his death,which
caused a very great consternation, and prevented their shipping on
board the said cutter the dollars to pay the Colombian dividend
in England. The answer given w as, that they must semi to Bo-
gota to receive orders how to act. Mexican 'errata are in town to
the lath of March, but being no news.
Consols are 79j Sellers, and Money 79j Buyers.
