IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS. Dec.
REGENCY RILL.
Sir A. GRANT, Sir M. W. Rtnt.tv, and other Members from the
Commons, brought up the ttegtney Bill (with amendments.)—.
Agreed to.

THE TREICK strtrtst.
Lord SUFFIELD, In the absence of a Noble Baron, the Chancellor
of the Duchy of Lancaster, presented a petition from the workmen
and labourers of Nottingham against the Truck System. It was signed
by 8,000 persons.

REDRZU Or GIIIIIVANCES.
The Noble Lord presented a petition from Nottingham and its vied.
nity, praying for Redress of Grievances.

FARLIRMERTARV REFORM.
The Duke of H ADI I LTON prescnted petitions for Reform in Par.
liament. from Linlithgow, Hamilton, and Lanark. The Noble
Duke concurred in the sentiments of the petitioners. The anxious
desire for a change In the constitution of the House of Commons, was
spreading rapidly everywhere. He was happy to present these three
petitions, and he could assure their Lordships that many more would
come from Scotland, there being in that country a general anxiety
upon the subject. The Noble Duke observed that he should nct have
said so much but from what had fallen from as Honourable Illember in
the other House of Parliament. It had been said in that House, that
Edinburgh had no desire for change or Reform in Parliament ; but, en
the contrary, all were satisfied. It appeared from meetings held in
Edinburgh and other places, that the public entertained a very different
opinion.

THE SWAN RIVER.
Lord TEYNHA M gave notice that he should to-morrow take the op.
pottunity of putting certain questions to hie 31ajesty's Ministers rela-
tive to the Swan Rircr Settlement.

LAW REFORM.
Lord WVNFORD raid. he should more the second reading of his
bill for altering and improving the practice of the common law, on
Monday.

SLAVERY.
Pvitiors for the abolition of slavery were presented by Lord SUF-
FIELD from Perth, Donley, and Liverpool; by Lord WHARN-
CLIFIE from Wolverhampton ; and by Lord 00SFORD from se-
veral parts of Suffolk.
Adjourned.

HOUSE OF Co3l3loNtl, Dar. I.
Mr. PL.INI'.I moved for a new writ for Plympton Earl, in
the room of Lord Valletort, who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.

NEGIMO starEatr.
111 r. EWART presented a petition from Liverpool, for the aboli-
on of Ne4ro Slavery, making compensation to the slave owners.
(len. GASCOY NE said he trusted that ere !cog the question would
be Pet at rest. Keeping it suspended over the heads of the West India
proprietor, very seriously injured their property. He felt assured they
would nut oppose the abolition, if there were proper compentation.—.
Ordered to be printed.
3lr. LEE LEE presented a petition from Wells, fur the repeal of
the house and window tax.
Sir J. BOURK F. presented a p. tits. n from Ualway, for the ratters.
Lion of the Elective k ranchia to the Catholics of that town.

THIS SCWS.
Mr. R. GRANT presented a petition from the Jews. He gave ro.
lice that he should introduce a bill on the subject on the 17th Feb.
A MEMBER observed that it had been said that Jews were alw s
strangles in the land in which they were born. Al'as that the fact ?
Mr. R. GRANT said he would at.steer that, when the questimi was
brought forward.
Sir R. INGLIS gave notice that they should oppose the hill.
General GASCOYNE said, that the should oppose the Bill.
Sir G. ROBINSON presented a petition from Northampton fur a
reduction of taxation and salaries,
Mr. ADEAN presented a petition from the Isle of Ely, praying
that the Local Courts' Bill might be extended to that Island.
Sir A. CHICHESTER presented a petition from Belfast for the
abolition of slavery, and compensation to slave-owners.
Mr. R. KING presented six petitions from Cork for the abolition
of slavery.
&r W. ING LE BY presented a petition from the owners and occu.
piers of land in Lincolnshire, for the repeal of the duty on fire insur-
ances ; and a petition from a parish in Lincoln against slavery ; and one
from Spalding against the duty on coals.

LABOURING POOll.
Mr. SADLER gave notice, that on the 24th of February, Its should
move for leave to bring in a bill for bettering the state of the labouring
poor in England.
MACAULET presented, tied up in a bundle, upwards of '203
petitions, for the abolition of negro slavery.

DUNDAS.II SIVECE•E‘.
Mr. DUNDAS availed himself of this opportunity to mired a state-
meat respecting him, that his two offices produced 7,0001. a year. This
was by no means the fact—his receipts were 4.5001; and his office ren.
dered him liable to any clerical errors made by his clerks. For oat of
his clerks he paid 3001. and tor another 4001.
31r. KENNEDY observed that he was glad to hear this explanation.
He did not wish to make any accusation against the right hon. gentle.,
man; but he had felt juatified iu making observations respecting his
Majesty's late ministry. He had done no more. He was glad to hear
that the right hon. gentleman had but 4,5001. instead of 7,00111.; but,
at the same time, he could not avoid saying, that he knew of so services
that entitled the right !UM. gentleman to such pay out of the publ
rvice.

Sir GEORGE WARRENDER observed that the returi.s had
many inaccuracies in them. The Marlborough family received 34001.
instead of 0,0001. lie did not grudge rewards for services to the pub.
Fe. hut he would press the abolition of sinecures. lie said, it the
minima% did nothing on the subject, he should move that there be it
reduction of 27i per cent. from all sinecures' where these Olin Were
given fur peculiar services to ancestors. He should like thew to
imitate the example of the late Lord :hair, who, immediately eta
coming to his paternal estate, resigned his 1,6001. a-year—others had not
pursued that course.
Mr. LENNARD trusted that all sinecure% would be abolished.
DR. TIAILLPOTTP.
Mr. PHII.I.POTTS asked whether the Ministers had made up hair
mind as to what course they would pursue respecting the living pro.
mired the Bishop of Exeter, to be held hr hint art eownstendassil
Lord A LTIIOft P observed, that the Government had detcrrerriel
that it was a gross piece of abuse of patronage to confer a living shit
a Bishoprick where the distance between the tao pluses ass so great, It
was on that principle alone that the Government had come to the rerutut
tiun respecting the ewe, not front any personal molve., nut wi
any reference to the party in %limn the Bishopric and living were
to be conferred ; at the smne time the Guvenim.nt colfd rot
hut think that the case of the Right Reveretd Prelate was
rather hard, for with the bishopric ti e living had ben
promised, ani they therefore had cone to the detertnirat. on
,of
offering the first piece of patronage not e nnected with the cue
of souls, to the acceptance of this Right Rev. personage. Feelirg that
the two appointments were incompatible, the government had tot
confirmed the grautn.g of the living, and feeling that such promotions
ser:ously affected the irnerrsts of the church, the government had deter.
mined in no way to countenance them.—(Cheers.)
DIIILDIXIII ACT.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHfr.;ii moved for leave to bring in a bill for
the fur her and better regulation of the building of party walls, for the •
mote . ffeetual prevention of fires.
Le.tve given.

THE MADIATMACY Or IRELAND.
Mr. WOORMON MAHON moved for returns tespectlog the Mas
giatracy of Ireland. He considered the motion accessary to prevent
the deterioration of the Magistracy in the estin:ation of the people. He
however regretted to say that there were Irish klagistnaes in the lowest
grades of life, and some who had been guilty of the moat fraueMenr
practices. That were some who had participated in the offences tom
they ought to have punished, and sozne who had received bribes ter thus
perversion of justice. He then concluded with triovir.g fur ntt.res of
the rames of all the Nlagistrates of all the Counties of 'retard. dirties
guivhing chore who were Clergymen, civil or military Wherry, anti the
amount of their pay ; the professions or trades of the others; ale* :bra
opihost pay had been suspended, taken the benefit of the Invelvent bt-
in's Act, or against whom conuubmions of bankruptcy had been i-sutd,
and how many times.
1r Col. (AMA DY observed that the Magistracy of Inland sere a very
active body of men, and that they bad fit quently exposed the it brill in
the service of the country. At the same unit he V.ought the iv vision
should be left with the Lord Chancellor of Ireland.

Lord STOPPOItD also thought the recision ought to Le 'eft a itb the
Lord Chancellor.
Mr. Maxwell espretuad a similar opinion.
Sir F. T said, it would be throwing too onerous a mai
on the Lord Chancellor. It was urged that there were p. rams Who
were Irish magistrates who ought not to be such. lie considered due
the return would be most usefuL
Mr. CA LCILAY'r said, he world not oppose the motion, if Apr
parliamentary proceedings were to be founded on it—htet ittatubm
where was the use of calling fa the returns
Mr. RUTHVIIN said, the returns week, be most useful; and as
to parliamentary proceedings, till the returns were made, bow maid
the hon. manner determine whether he world found say amino yes
spitting them P value of the return he could not question t he
knew 'bat tbe description of same of thaw by the bon. mower was 7t
career.
bk. CAM PBBLL said, the mem called fee quite esiengirt it
asked whether nu& ram had ever mtepesdal pompom t end If sp. .
bow often P They might sa well ask if say of thee had sea *
slued wlsiteryvond if so, bow Aso P.—( MIA botogbewb) • .;•••
air C. WitHih ELL oppwal the suction, as being
ireiteross end enbettrd of. and priToefas as sennorrosieltle bt

t. 4.

't

t~,

(~~

Lord ALT lIORP recommended the hon. member to withdraw his
motion, and to give time to sec the effect of the Commission that was
so Wine on this subject.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON said he was most willing to comply
with the noble lord's request, and denied that he meant any attack on
Ike body of the magistracy ; hut he wished to get rid of fraudulent
bankrupts. Ought such persons to be entrusted with the commission of
the Peace ? lie wished to throw no imputations on the two late Chan.
cello& He had the highest opinion of Sir A. Hart, though he had
been ttuperseded by Lord Plunkett, Lord Grey acting on erroneous in.
formation. His lordship, however, had not acted from political mo-
tive.. It was in vain that there could be peace in Ireland till there was
a purtmagiatracy. As the member for Borooghbridge (Sir C. We-
therell) was determined on dividing, he would maintain his ground, and
divide against him. His object was to expose the deficiencies—for there
were magistrates in Ireland who were equally bankrupts in fortune and
character. The returns would enable the Lord Chancellor to purify
the Commission, which was much wanted. He eventually withdrew
Ms motion, but with the intention of bringing it forward on a fu-

We day.
Motion withdrawn accordingly.
The House went into a Committee au the Patents' Continuation bill,

The bill passed through the committee.
The Speaker resumed the Chair, and
The Report was ordered to he received tomorrow.
The Judgment and Execution bill, the Interpleader bill, the Wit-
re's& Examination bill, the Prohibition and Mandamus bill, the Ar-
Litration bill, were forwarded one stage.
Anti-slavery petitions were presented from Tavistock, Croydon, and
several other places.
Lord J. RUSSELL presented a petition from Tavistock, praying for
the extension of the elective franchise, and for the vote by ballot.
Mr. J. JOHNSTONE presented a petition from Inverkeithing,
praying for Parliamentary Reform, and a similar petition from another
Royal Burgh.—To be printed.
Mr. J. JOHNSTONE moved for a return of the quantity of bales
ef cotton imported from the United States in a stated ptriod.
Adjourned at a quarter to Seven.

PARLIAMENTARY REPRESENTATION.

LORD VISCOUNT ALTHORP'S MOTION.

Addressfordrecounta"Of the population of each city and borough
in England now returning Members to Parliament, to be prepared from
the Parliamentary Census of 1821."
" Of the population of each city and town in England not now re.
turning members to Parliament, which amounted in 1821 to 10,000 or
pwards."
" Of the population of each county in England and Scotland, to be
prepared from the same census."
" A similar return of the population of each royal borough in
Scotland, now sharing in the return of a member to Parliament,
and each city not so sharing, the population of which in 1821 ex-
ceeded 8,000.
