" On beard the ship General Sas Martin, at anchor

Port ot Valparaiso, 17th November, 1818.
(Signed) " MANUEL BLANCO Y ENCALADA.
44 To the Minister of War and hlarine."

We hope that the statement in the following

tract of a Letter from St. Helena is over-charge:.

" ST. DELENA, DECEMBER f 3.

" No person is Now seen .to speak to General Bertrand, c r
Levi% to poor Madame &mast!, as (independently of dig Pc'

It, 3:: Masa I.zwe ha sichlly proldisa any Is-

Fitt; them •
building of the nevi horse advances slowly, and in order
nt the French from viewing the prison constructing for
se Med wall has been thrown up directly in front
intrs v.inclows, which totally obscures all prospect, and
vned, scarcely leaves room for tire inmates to eater. I'
clinser by Sir !Nelson Lowe for this new Bastile, is One
g twrleasantin !lie island,being totally void of shade and
st dly contrary to the desire known to have been
%I...envy, should his residence rhanred. IE
posed th tt he will ever occupy it. lie has wryer ft.
.c.nr I:4G, who was sent up by the Governor t•
;svan (although that Gentleman continues to reside mg
i); has never spoken to any Englishman since list
I has not been seen out any farther than the Balcony in
hi; room; so that all the Governor's information rs-
him is rnri-4 founded upon conjecture. Several let.
ted to rear -oitsble lOribrkinals here have been recently
plantation Houle, and detailed from the right owners,
rack coracr.ts were perfectly innocent, and manly re-

imm; r"

pr gate aff.dra.".

cond American Steam Frigatcl—The Ameri
.now constructing another steam frigate, upon
scale ; it will have two water wheels, with
toes on the outside of them, five feet in thick.
defend them from the shot Of the enemy.
;lac and machinery for this vessel are already
derable forwardness.
BRIGHTON. FEBRUAR Y 22. '

day, the Panics Rctiatit, after a short re.
en the Palace-lawns, took exercise on horse-
tLe Riling-school.—'the Countess of Mu-
a, in her open earriage; the Countess of St.
o, in her low phaeton; the Marchioness
)snELEY, in her barouche; and many others
rank, took airings along the West Cliff ; Ge-
rß. BLOOMFIELD, Lord JOHN TOWNSIIIIND,
3-mun-Av, &c. were eque§trians iu the same
, which'continued to be gay until nearly five

THE ARMY.

glicial Return of the strength of' the British
in the litir of January, 1819, laid before the
Commons, states the general total at 109,810
mmissioned Officers and Privates, and 5,852
; of which amount there are serving in Great
15,245, exclusive of 5,6/6 root Guards; Ire-
D 23 ; East-Indies 18,281; stoop h0ne511,276.
N Al' AL INTELLIGENCE.

ictwp P..swituartr., passed through the Downs yeo-
rnrt fof Loudon.
VIII, FYTILUAZY 21. it has blown a tremendous pie
IT from W. to W.N.W. at a to prevent any commis-
...lth the shii,ping in the Roods, which appear to'ride
oral have yards and topausts struck, and their second

Tema, F hn bboos a heavy rib all
S.W. to WN.W but the outward-bound ships
:alert. Several of the outward-bonol that sall a
yes-
:cc put loth, but from the state of the watcher it lass
?o,obk. to communicate with them. The Hoop add
hitch Kist Indianian, sailed from St. /Dikes this day
riam. Put in for sheker, the sloop hay, liitottna,
iderland for Jamaica. • .

FCIIIOALY :a—Wind N. blowing tet7 rsosw—Came
in the River yesterday, the Cincinnatus, for .Nebr York ;
ten, Atuatts, for lundica ; awl hiewesll%
SAW this morning, the Atlas. Sway,
&bound, far the River. It hat blown hard
from W.N.W. and many of the outreard.bo
LA. At three p. to. the wind shifted suddenly to the
.rd.::nd blowing strohg. The ships are again proceeding
unnel. Five p. nt.—A brig has just eat from both ber
Ind gone down Chinnel ; name unknown.
.art: FEBRILtity V.3.—Wind N. blows hart—Case in
Singer, NI.IVION, from London to Naples, with loss
:.hor and cable ; and several others for shelter.
FtlICVAar 22.—The brig Isabella, of Sunderland,
a, came on shore at the Spurn Point, on the sea ddti
'clock on Sunday morning, and there is not much hope
1,1 Isrr off.
FiIIAVAILV 22.—Wind W.N.W. to KW. blowing
d.—The Providence, Rollmop', from Cork to Bristol,
'en on shore and sunk. in liubbcrstone. .

OW
are

ELECTION.

NINTH DAY.
,
The polling did not proceed with the same— vigour!
yesterday as tt did the day before, owing to the az-!
treme wetaess of the weather. About tlreis o'clock;
the crowd begaa to assemble in sonse.nuzaberos 2034:
before four was as great as it bad been oa any folnW'
day in the Election. In the interval between the close"
of the poll and the declaration, of the numbers, the;
following placards were exhibited P....j4 No Wolf in
Lamb's clothing."—.“ Lamb's Declaration: I am a
Whig, lam a Toty, am any thing at command."
•" The brazen-faced Monster is in, the pay of Lamb
and Co." The friends of Mr. Lamb did not attempt
to gain the attention of the multitude by any Counter-
placard% and in consequence little or no disturbance
w.4s created among the electors before the hustings.
The numbers at the close of the pollivere declared
lo ba as follows:

r►as, Fag. 22.—We had last night a most violent gale at
ti A brig, name unknown, parted from both her an-
rd drove to sea ; no other vessel suffered. This morn-
Nina came from the North, and all the outward-Woad
lcd.

c, Fn. 23 —Wind N. N. W.—Put back the Elizabeth.
r New York.

Mr. Laws - - - . 11168
Mr. floastousx 7 - " - ams
Major Calmness: - - • . '57
The friends of Mr. HOBROtlell, of which the mul-
titude on this and on former days consisted, received
this intelligence with the most enthusiastic applause.
As soon as it had subsided, Mr. HOSHOUSE came for-
ward to address the Electors, who, as soon as he came
forward on the platform assigned to the different
orators, welcomed him by three hearty cheers.
When silence was again obtained,
Mr. Hosnouse commenced his speech, by inform-
ing them that they had no reason on that day to
complain of any want of exertion on the part of the
Friends of Freedom : if they had to find fault with
sip thing, it was with the weather ; fotif it had been
fine, instead of being wet and rainy, they would,sin-
stead of being merely 163 at the head of that day's
poll, have seen the majority of their adversaries on
'the gross poll entirely annihilated.—(Loud cheers.)—.
They had had, and, still would have, to contend with
great difficulties; these were always certain to occur
.when the suns of independence had occasion to range
themselves against the sons of corruption.—(Cheers).
The exertions of their enemies were still unremittina ;
in every part of Westminster which lie had visited,"
he had heard of nothing but the compulsion that had
driven the few voters which his antagonist had been
able to obtain, up to the hustings to give their suf-
'frages. In many cases the renters of the great land-
holders had been warned that their leases were near
expiration, and hints had been thrown out which to
them were perfectly intelligible. He was happi,
however, to inform them, that in spite of all these
obstacles, 'the spirit of Westminster had been duly
roused, and that they had in consequence the flatter-
ing prospect before them, that their victory was
already certain—(applause).—lf he could trust to
l
the reports of the various canvassers who had been'
out on their behalf, four-fifths of the Electinn of
Westminster were clearly, and, beyond all doubt,
strongly biassed in their favour. This, he was glad
to shy, was not any idle exaggeration; their own ex-
perience must have informed them that many of their
brother electors were now keeping back because they
were afraid. He repeated it, because they were afraid ;
tad when he said so, he 'meant, because they were
afraid of losing their custom, and the protection of
the great families at the West end of the town.—
( True 1 True ! front the crowd. J—Their opponents
had no other means tif bringing their voters to the
poll than those which he had just mentioned. Any
iodination which might, on the sudden appearance
of Mr. Lamle, have existed in his &vont., was; he
felt' assured, entirely exhausted ; and he, therefore,
could not help expressing his conviction, that if the
mbrnaw wore a fine day, they would prove to the
Whigs thee they. had totally miscalculated their
power in Westminster. The only strength of that
patty consisted in their connexion with the people ;
whenever they separated themselves from the people,
they sunk into merited insignificance—(applause).—
On the present occasion they had not been content with
separating themselves from the people, but had even
proceeded to range themselves in opposition to the
people ; and for tear of any mistake being made re-
garding this unholy puepase—(Here a huge roar of
laughter was set up liy Mr. Lamb's friends, in which
Mr. Lamb joined. This created great indignation in
the mob, which they expressed by such violent his-
sings and hootings as totally interrupted the thread
of Mr. Hobliouse's oration. When the tumult had
subsided,, Mr. Hobhouse proceeded.) It was unfair
that they would not allow the Honourable Gentle-
man to enjoy a laugh : as he had net been able to
laugh for the two last days, at the state of the poll,
they might have been generous enough to have per-
mitted him to laugh at any thing which he could ;
,indeed, it was their duty to cherish that feeling in
him, because, if he • had been rightly informed, he
had not been more successful in maintaining his tem-
per than he had been in maintaining his cause—
(laughter.) He (Mr. Hobhouse) then said, that he
must repeat what he was going to say 'before he was
interrupted by the Learned Whig—(laughter The
party, of which that Gentleman was the organ, had
commenced their proceedings in the preseut Ses-
sion of Parliament, by coming forward in great hos-
tility against the people of Westminster—(44ppleare.)
'He trusted that the effbrts which they were' then
making to injure them would be confounded—they
bad given the Electors every mason to know them ;
and, therefore, if they (the Electors) did non veal,
them according to their deserts,, they would no
longer deserve the chaxacttr which they bad so long
I borne, of being the most sensible and intelligent men
in the wide circle of the British Empire. He, hope 4
however, that they would maintain the character'
which they had so justly earned, by their conduct on
the present oocasion ; he did not mean to say that
they would do so by supporting the humble indivi-
dual who was then addressingthem, buthe did mean
to say that they would do it, if they give the world
a striking proof that they still considered Parliamen-
tary Reform as the paramount object of their at-
tention. Their example would have great -weight
with-the country, and would teach it more forcibly
than any words could do, that Parliamentary:Worm
was that paramount abject, without which they amid
effect nothing, and with which; they coulOdßiht
every thing. , .., •,..a.
Mr. Honuouse then retired, sunitA the Atadiefp
clamatiops of applause; after which Mr.l.4*
forward, and attempted to tilitain a hearitsg:frost%
multitude. Finding that were not dines
homey) •ai
hie), he bade that Ood'uightt aid' t.
~
nt
His friends, however, persuaded;gm tri.tin e" "d

a, FEBRUA Lir eS.—The wind this morning blew very
)re the S. W. accompanied by heavy thowers of rain, and
Iree o'clock this afternoon it soddenly shifted round from
I.W. and N. and has blown violently ever since. Seve-
cls are now coming from the Downs with loss of anchors
es: a ship is now in the Offing with ber sails split, a gal-
h her mast-b.!ad gone, and a sloo,livrvith her bowsprit
away.—The King George picket, n Euro, sailed
this morning, and, fortunately, reached the Roads
:r the wind shifted, and with some difficulty the pawn-
re brought on shore about five o'clock, among whom are
:nglish and one Foreign Messenger with Dispatches.--
11, Captain Senate, got to sea this morning with a great
anengers, and it is supposed she reached Calais before
rtt of the gale came down.
rox House, Lomms, Pea. 21.—Inwards--The Aeon,
from Alexandria ; Hope, Page, from Ratingen ; Louisa,
idler, from Memel ; Charente, Robertson, from Charente ;
nice, Francis, and Drie Gebroeders, Mulder. (rum &It-
Robert, Itrieback, from Stettin; Edward, Wessels,from
; and Prince of Orange, Coffins, from Rotterdam.--
ras--The Eclipse, Winter, for Ceylon ; 'lrerbeldestadt,
, for Amsterdam; the Grasshopper, Lelew, for *vale* •
dal's, for Hanaburgh; the Rxpedition. liesdawicb, for
Fortrouedet, Corseraar. for Gottesisuripla; the Vow
Swyrs, for Antwerp ; Arino, Procter, for Quebec--
a Outwards--The Britanuia, elea_p, for Grenada; lobe.
fig Jamaica; Datt, Corbin, for Bermuda: MET tbollas
uu, for ilamburgh : Union, Robinson, for Antwerp; the
Dawson, for Rio Janeiro; Industrie. WDenald, for
Marie Ann, Vidal, for Havre; and Royal Eagle, Gibbs,
3011.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZE-MONEY.
the Sheldrake, fur die Aageroe, and Ebenetzer • to the
eke and Ariel, for the Fenaget, Stephanus, and Erskine.
ATP, for 'the Venus, on the Sd of March, at 70, Great
2.ltrect, Bluontsbory.

e are extemely sorry to report that is the gale
atueday night or tiunday morning, the CHU-
ILLD Havre Packet was dismasted off the Owen
but from the praiseworthy exertions of Captain
In, tile hull of the vessel, with the whole of the
tngeri and crew were preserved, without the
'test injury.
'orn Official Returns, printed by order of the
*of Commons, it al•pears, that the aggregate
ul't of gold cola issued from the Mint, in the
of the year 1818 was, in sOvereigps, 2,347,2801.
;..1. In half•sovereigns, 015,14•:;1.2s. 6:1. Amouit
••er coin issued from the Mint in ditto, total ag-
:a•e. 5-6,lb(d.

second trialtif the pat4ence of the creed ; he did so,'
brat his second attempt was as ineffectual as his first.
'Mi. Stone then addressed the crowd, but could
not beheard. We understood him to speak in pritise.
•of the principles. of Major Cartwright, and he ma.'
tempted to read a letter which he had received from,
that -Gentleman. Not a word of-it could be heard,,
and a shower of mud at length forced the reader to
satire. • The letter was as follows:. - • .
li Major Cartwright, conceiving his character aimed it by the
assertinns and insinuations of Sir Francis Burdett, in respect to
certain passages in his late rioted Address to his Fellow-Citi...
kens, declares that, in writ{ lfg the said Address, be took the at-
most wire not to use towards the Baronet a single expression
which be could not justify.
" Since Sir Francis was reported In the Newspapers to have
imputed to the Major that' he *couatenanced insinuations which,
from his own knowledge, be knew to have been falsehoods of
Mr. Cobiette he has examined, with the utmost strictness, his
aforesaid Address, and does not find a word he desires to alter.
" With regard to Mr. Cobbett, (the Ihiajur,) in p. 6. had ex-
pressly claimed to standpe4.ctly alert from that powerful writer,
*hose accusations of the Baronet must stand or fall as supported
or contradicted by facts and evidence.
* Sir Fronds is reported to have observed, that 4 the Major
should have been above counteuancing insinuations which he
knew were groundless.'
" He replies, that be has NOT dose it, and that HE IS above
either baseless or duplicity. He, therefore, challenges Sir
Francis Burdett to sustain his imputation by proof. The Major's
words and arguments are before him.
" In the words of • Mr..Cabbett, which the Major quotes, in
page',' to). &manning his 0%1111 reasoning from facts, he asserts,
that he knot conscious that they conmln , falsehood, On the
contrary. he believes them to contain muds truth. . .1
" And he refers to his Address to convince any reader, that
Sir Francis has wow incorrectly stated what the Major said about
the Duke of Richmond, whose conduct he did indeed hold up as
a salutary beacon, for warning the Baronet against splitting on
the rock upon which the Duke's reputation suffered shipwreck.
" JOHN CARTWRIGHT.
" Wednesday. Feb. 17, ISID."
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT then came forward, amidst
the loudest cheers. He commenced his speech by in-
forming the. Electors that he. must agein express his
regret that they had n.ot listened to what might have
been, advanced by the Court Candidate, on the pre-
seta occasion. Beside the wish which he felt that
their adversary might have fair play, he had a feel-
ing of a more selfish nature, which led hint to desire,
thatthey would grant in futpre a patient hearing to
that Gentleman* arguments. They must be aware
at -he great disadvantage under.which he laboured,
in not hearing the Words which might have fallen
from the Coalition Candidate, in opposition to his
friend Mr. Hobhouse, whom they supported. It
placed him in a most aukward situation, because, as
they well knew, two parties were wanted, whenever
a game at foot-ball was in contemplation (Applause).
Though discussion was out of the question in a meet-
ing like that before him, and •though an expression
of public feeling was all that could be expected in a
Yesterday the Photos Reorxv held a Privy Coun-
place like the present, still it would be for ke advan- .cil at Brighton, for the purpose of correcting and
tage of their cause, if that cause were founded, as making some alterations in the late pricked Est of
he in his conscience believed it 'to be, in truth and Sheriff's, for the year ensuing, it being necessary to
honesty and justice, to hear whatever their adversary
have them complete Previous to the Asst see.
might be inclined to say. On every account he was Saturday last Mr: CANNING gave a grand dinner
anxious that this accommodation should he afforded at his residence, at Gloucester Lodge, to the Arch-
to the learned Gentleman- If they would not afford duke MAXIMILIAN and a distinguished party.
it on his (Sir Francis Burdett's) recommendation, he The Duke of SAN CARGOS' Banquet, on Monday
hoped that they would do it for their own entertain- evening, was given in the same style of magnificence
meat; because he could assure them that the Gen- as on theelay when the PRINCE Ramer' honoured
tleman who was brought forward to represent the his Excellency with his presence.
Coalition-monster was a very facetious Gentleman, Tr - ' i.
le Marchioness of SALISBURY s Assembly opened
and was chiefly brought forward on account of Salisbury House, for the first time this season, on
his great entertaining lowers !--(Loud laughter).— Monday evening. Among the numerous list of Pa-
But to drop that subject, and to refer to another in shionablet present were the Archduke Maximums*
which they were more interested, he must first of all and Suite.
*Ain congratulate Ahern au the state of the pcill.r- Posennowieseikauwassa...filinimmil **Hos. Ilfoi. Jloshatisni,
*hich, if it was not so high as might have been ex- from the Continent, in Pall Mall; Marl Fowls, Loin his as: t,
pected, had only been kept under by the unfavour- 'wake*, Salop.; the Earl and Counter Verulam, from Gotham-
able state of the weather. Still he must inform them bury, Herta; Sir Philip and Lady Hales, Irons their sea:, So. "
m tslaire; the Marquis and Marchioness of Thomoad, front
that at its close the stream was running strong in their a e
favour; and therefore he did not hesitate to repeat tour.Stme weeks ago, during the preparat•on of a mar-
what he had before told them, that it would soon riage feast that was held in the parish i:f Collate,
carry away in its current all the. obstacles which had in Scotland, a person actuated, we would. fain hope, '
been created to impede it, and would thus secure to more by a wanton love of mischief, than of ctimin.l
them that triumph which lie and all of them had so malice, contrived to introduce into the broth a poi-
much at heart. lie had also great satisfaction in in- tion of some strong laviiire medicines, which, r e
forming them that the polling of their adversary was regret to say, has been followed by consequences not
much more langsid than it was at the Commence- probably contemplated by the author of this silly
meut of the election, whilst their own, on the con- trick. Many persons who parook of the broth, adul-
tmry, was more strong and vigorous than ever: terated by the deleterious•ingredients, have s:ncebeen
When, therefore, they recollected that their opponent taken seriously ill, and one woman has actually died
had nothing on which to rely except compulsion— in consequence.
when they recollected that he had lashed up to the The Corporation oftl:eCity of Dnblin,nt the Quor-
hnstings every slave over whom he and his fiiends terly Assembly, on the I9th instant, passed a vete of
had any command or influence—when they recollec- censure on the. Low) !devote for having enlivened
ted that he had polled all the constables and all the the late Aggregate Protestant Meeting in , favour of
Pall Mall voters, (among whom, he had been told, the Roma* Ca-sholic Claims. The vote was passed in
though he did not aver the fact, that there were not the Common Council, by a majority of 42 to 14, and
eo many honest men as would have saved Sodom sanctioned by the Board of Aldermen by a majority
and Gomorrah frum destruction,) they must see that of 8-to 2. The Loan lliasoa soon after entered the
;hey had every rational pospect of success and victory. Commons Assembly, and in a firm and dignified tone
Notwithstanding such prospect, hemust beg of every addressed them nearly as follows :
Elector to recollect his oath before he gave his vote, " Oentiv.men—You have been pleased to pass a vote of cert.
and of every person of title or distincuon, who was sure on my conduct in cilling the late Meeting at the Ftmend ~
exercising the power which his situation or his for. This votetionidotivies
I deserved me
con the,
comply
pstibin were i I.conscflons that
tune granted him, in extorting a vote from his un-and reciuut
talent,n I hagovemoarry
nl y
names distinguished for roPtit), rclia‘ract2c.r.
fotunate neighbour, to consider that in so doing, he 'conformed to the strict line of my duty ; r.ii, In doin.'m, 1 bays
wits a suborner of perjury and guilty of a crime of the consolation of a clear conscience, and the approbation of my
the very darkest hee—Opplausey—inasmuch as such °w" mind."
Wilin the last four months, 150 persons have been
compulsion made every man who voted contrary to
convicted and fined by the Magistrates of Hamp-
his own opinion, offend against the dictates of that
shire, for offences against the laws for making and
most unerring monitor—his own conscience. Besides
he would ask, was there any act of slavery so cruel; selling great:, using improper ingredients, short
was there any act of tyranny so offensive, as that weight, 3cc. etc.
which not merely. would not allow a man to avoid BEER ANTI•MONOPOLT ttEETlNG.—Yesterday, a
what he deemed wrong, but which should positively
meeting took place at the Crown and anchor, to en-
compel him to the commission of an act which, in quire into the most effectual means for remedying the
his own soul, he abhorred, and which in the eye of *hews of the licensing system. Among the gentle.
the law was considered a most foul and detestable men present were Sir FRANCIS BURDETT and Mr.
crime? Has thought that there was none, and he had Honuouse, who pledged themselves to use their
endeavours to further the object of the Anti-moece
no doubt het thatehey would concur in his opinion.
- eolists.—Mr. rests sent a letter to' the Chairman
With regard to the tricks and delysions of the coa
lition candidate, aided as they were by what he bad (Mr. B. Iltevmotr), in which he eeprened himself
himself called the -more solid satisfaction of a break-
decidedly hostile to the licensing system.--A publican
fast, he had only to tell. him, that the independent
mentioned his own case, as evidence of the abuses el-
Electors of-Westminster felt more heartfelt, satisfac-
fisting : he had, he stated, been most cruelly pbrse-
to and
tion in following the banners of freedom witlßut fee
cited, and his large family reduced
es want
were far from de.
or hope of rewatd,'-than they would in enjoying all spair.—The CRA IRMA N said such cases
the luxuries which he could offer to their acceptance. new ; they Were the work of every day.—Thanks:hav-
ing been voted to the Chairman, for his praise-woe.
There might, indeed, he more solid satisfaction in a
place at Court, than •in defending the rights of the I thy exertions, the Meeting was adjourned.
people, tethers:in those. huttings, or in the House of Coax Exciroucts, Msan-Liman—Frakunirr 24.
Commons s but it wait not-.that sort of solid satisfac- We have had. so-fresh arrivals -since Monday, yet
%ion to the, aqui which, the Electors of.Westniinster the salei of all grrticaarwere exceedingly heavy, at that
were accustomed to enjoy'. Those who were ma, day's prices, ly barley, for which there was
moored with it, might make good slavese.etheyinisht. no demand, to
offered on lower terms. Oats
even make good fasepattiots—", they Iniglskeyen pre-1 are also in abundant supply, and' scarce a buyer for
frt. Ait •sialiksaiiiatice4o t0.43..Crt 'casiMpraise; but Idiot article:. lit.peas and beans thereiu little doing, -
they were Pt i daunt man 100 were in -uni- 4 aecliwirmsorainaL - , , . .

'son with the Eteetors,- nor of that clan of Patrioti
who would give, up every comfort to promote the
cause of their country. He had no doubt,, that as
the spirit of Westminster was now awake, that every
Elector would come up to the poll in his own due
time ; but he begged of each and all of them who
were yet unpolled,. to Come up early to give their
trout, if they could by any means make. it Conve-
!ltem to an so .in order that' they might ensure glory
, P
and success to the Candidate of their choice. By
such conduct they would increase that feeling of de-
light which' was always diffused over a man s mind
by the copsciousn'ess of having performed his duty •
because, though he who came up slowly to the poll
was a good labOurer in their cause, he was not so
good as he who came up with speed and alacrity.
He then concluded his speech by sayipg that he took
his leave of then; to perform those duties which fell
on him personally, and that he hoped in the inteo4n
they would be busily employed in canvassing their
friends and neighbours, and in persuading those Elec-
tors who were yet unpolled, immediatel? to come
forward and give their votes in favour of Mr. Hob-
house, the Candidate of the people.
The Baronet then retired, amid the loud hnzzas of
the surrounding nkltitude; and shortly afterwards
quitted the Hustings, in company with Mr. Hobhouse.
Mr. MELWALL spoke, and with much animation,
in favour of Sir F. Burden. He contended the coa-
lition against him was of a most extraordinary cha-
racter, as it was seen the Whigs were not ashamed to
join with Mr.flunt for that purpose, while Hunt, who,
in a letter published in a Morning Paper, had caged
Mr. Cleary " a kept man mistress, ' • united with him
on this occasion—the latter acting as Secretary to
Major Cartwright's Committee, the former as its
mouth-piece.' Hunt-he described to be a Quack
Doctcr, and Jones his Jack Pudding. Such adver-
saries he disdained to answer • but he shewed that
the charges preferred against the Hon. Baronet were
unfounded. He supported him because he believed
him to be the true friend of the people. Had another
individual started, whom he believed to be more dis-
, posed to serve them, in his behalf, he (Mr. Thelwall)
would have raised his voice, instead of coming for-
ward for Sir F. Burdett.

The crowd thep began. to disperse, but were ar-
rested for a short tinie.by the female orator, who ex-
hibited occasionally at the last Election, but no dis-
order occurred of any importance.

TENTH DAY.
State of the Poll this day at One &Clock :
lir. L*3o_, - - - - 2557
air. HoilOtift - - 2152

iv,.

. ~

1

.l' - 'T
1 1 i
.1 .

41 !I
1
, . 4
.4 l'' ;
II .
i 1 '
1. t:
~ 1'
. . .
Is' $ I
ti 1'
1. g
g: 4
i..'
4
is 4
14, s'
•
s ,
I i
44 . ,
s
4.
• 1
'.
..
i 14i
I
i
s
4.
•
. .
1
# '
, I
F
tI. 4 '
)
.
~
• I s", 4
,t 1 N•• I.
ti, 1
1
II
il

e
11 I
r I
!t-
-.1
