THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1318.
THE FUND&

:ft= OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWKLVE O.CLONL
Reduced shut—Cons. 754—for Ism 75*
3 },per Cent. shut-4 per Cont. shut
5 per Cent. Navy 1054}—India Bonds 83 85 pre.
Omnilnn 3e; disc.—Exchequer Bills 18 19 prem.

Mails from Hamburgh and Flanders arrived this
forenoon. The following is given as an extract of a,
letter from Gottingen, dated the 3d September:
" Yesterday was published by the Royal Commis-1
stoner Counsellor Falcke the final decision of the Ca-
binet Ministry in regard to the late disturbances here,
which are now fully terminated. It combines rigour,
with mildness and wisdom, and contains in substance
the following regulations :-Ist. On account of the
disturbance on the 11th of July (the attack upon the
butcher's house) one native student has been expelled,
two students have received of a year consilium
twelve students are condemned to eight days impri-
sonment, and several have been liberated by an ezpur.
gatory oath. The butcher Krische is to be imprisoned
eight days, every other day upon bread and water.-
-2d. On account of the disturbances on the 18th of
July (the attack upon the military), one student is
condemned to 14 days imprisonment, and the above-
mentioned butcher to eight days farther imprison-
ment. By an Ordinance not yet published, the Po-
lice Officer, who by adopting more serious measures
might have quelled the disturbances at their origin.
will be removed from Gottingen. What may yet
be determined upon with respect to many organic
arrangements in the University, can at present be
only conjectured."

We are happy to Snd that according to the most
recent accounts from Carlsbad, the unfavourable re-
ports which have been in circulation respecting the
health of Marshal Prince BLocuen, are in a, great

measure dest'aute of foundatior. The Prince, it

seems, has not quitted Carlsbad, and will remain there
some weeks: he goes out every day, and is as well'
as his age and some infirmities with which he has
been a ;: icted for years will allow.
Lord ..:asrLenzaoar and suite arrived at Brussels
on Wednesday last, on his way to Aix-la-Chapelle.
Lordship put up at the Hotel of Bellevue.

The Paris Papers of Thursday and Friday have
arrived since our last.

The intelligence which has been received at Paris'
from the different bead-quarters of the Army of Oc-
cupation, is all of a nature tending to confirm the
general expectation of its speedy departure. At Sedan
the heavy baggage waggons in the train of the Prus-
sian army have been ordered to retrograde towards
the Rhine, and at Cambray the •Officers of the Eng-
glish Guards are seeking after pufchasers for their
horses. But a circumstance of more certain import
than either of these is, that Colonel BAUDRAND of the
French Engineers, and M. MANRIN, Chief of Batta-
lion, in concert with several British Engineer Officers
appointed by the Duke of WELLINGTON, are now oc-
clpied in making an inspection of the occupied
places, in order to ascertain their condition previous
to their restoration to the French Authorities. A
similar inspection, it will be remembered, took place
in November, 1815, when the Allied troops took pos-
session in virtue of the Treaty of Peace.

General CANT.= and his associates, CHAPDELAINE,
SOWGY, ROMILLY, and JOANNISp have addressed a
Memorial to the Juge dinstruction, requesting a
speedy report upon the case of conspiracy laid to
their charge. The Judge heard two new witnesses
in the affair on Thursday.
The suit of M. CHAPDZLAINS against the authors
of the Lettres Normundes, for a libel, contained in a
paragraph respecting this conspiracy, came on for
trial before the Tribunal of Correctional Police, on
Wednesday, ►hen there being, in the opinion of the
Court, nothing calumnious in the matter charged,
the defendants were acquitted.

A process is going on at Rome, with respect to the
Abbes NATAL!, Ricci, and Mustscocct, who had,
during a year ands half, carried on a brisk trade in
fabricating and issuing counterfeit Papal Rescripts.
They sold dispensations, crosses of Malta, acts of
secularization, and pretended assignments of pen-
sions, and even proceeded so far as to interfere in ju-
dicial matters.

The persecution of the Catholics by the Greeks
had recommenced in Syria, with increased fury. At
Aleppo, those who refuse to recognise the Greek
Bishop as supreme pastor, and to attend the service
of the Greek Church, are threatened with confisca-
Coll of property, imprisonment and death. The Latin
Missionaries are prevented from administering spi-
ritual consolation to the dying Catholics. At Jeru-
salem, on the 21 of May, the Greeks entered the
Church of the Holy Sepulchre, and so unmercifully
bat the Ctliolic Priests who were celebrating mass,
that one of them died of the blows he had received.
The Greeks, it aptiyars, tolerate all sects but the C;:-
tholica. AcCording to accounts from Turkey, the
.previous report of Dreyeh, the capital of the Week-
bites, having been occupied by the troops of ißlfit•
sag their is confirmed; mith the addition, that Ab-

/Matt Ben-Saed the chief of the sect was surrounded,
and without any prospeit df escape.
lathe absence of better matter to amuse its readers,
the Quotidienne peesents them with an amusing politi •
cal vagary under the head of the Barbary Powers. It is
given very seriously, but 'is very quixotic withal. It
begins with stating truly the grievous injuries which
all the Christian Pokers of Europe have long suffered
from the naval piracies of the Barbary corsairs, and the
subsequent slavery of such of their subjects as have
fallen into their hands ; it then proceeds to shew, we
think'pretty clearly, that the plan entertained by some
people, of utterly destroying the three chief ports of
Algiers, Tripoli, and Tunis, and forcing the pirates
to abandon the coast and rusticate in the interior, is
a piece of romantic nonsense ; but that the world
may not be without a hope of some time or other
freeing itself from the intolerable insolence of these
barbarians, it submits the following pro,cct to
the friends of humanity, as one really worth con-
•
4ideration, as at once rational, simple, and practica-
ble. Let there, it says, be a perpetual blockade of Al-
giers, Tunis, and Tripali—let there be an everlasting
squadron to keep up This blockade, which shall allow
no ship of a warlike sort to issue from any of these
parts—let all the maritime nations of Europe contii-
bnte equally in proportion to their respective resources
to tie equiy ment and maintenance of this squadron—
let the Comtnander in Chief of this squadron be named
b If the cornmon consent of all the Powers—let this said
Cotnmanee. only be obedient to the joint instructions
of all the Powers, and not to the directions of any parti-
e alar State— let hint consider himself and his squadron
as belonging to the whole of Europe, and not to any
part of it, so that in the event of such a thing as war
breaking out among the Powers, neither he nor his
squadron shall be at the service of any of them, but
are to remain neutral, for the general good, under all
imaginable circumstances. And finally, let this
squadron have a flag of its own, at sight of which
all ports shall be open to them, and all men hail
them as friends and protectors. It should have been
added—And let the deviser of this grand scheme
(not certainly Sir SYDNEY SMITH) be the person to be
appointed to the Command-in-Chief of this said squa-
dron, and the vision would then have been complete.
The French Funds, which at the beginning of last
week suffered so sudden a depression, experienced
before the close of it as remarkable a recovery. The
5 per Cents. with dividend from the 22d of September
next, which left off on Tuesday at 73f. 30 c. rose on
Thursday to 75 fr. and left off at 74 fr. 95 c. The
same Stock, with dividend from 22d March, 1818,
remains as before, at 77 fr. 75 c.
PRIVATE LETTER.
" PARIS, SIPTEMSER 10.

" The. assassins of Colonel Dufay have not yet
been apprehended, but the Police, it is said, has got
a clue which it is hoped will lead to their discovery.
From every thing that has transpired the malicious
hopes of those who wished to have it believed that
he owed the attempt to the private enmity of some
of those connected with the parties with whom he
has been at law, will be entirely frustrated. A little
time will probably clear up the business by the dim.,
covery of the real perpetrators, and their employers,
whoever they may have been.—lndeed while I am
writing a report has reached me that the real assas-
sins have been dis Covered ; buc I cannot ascertain
the fact in time'for this letter.'

This morning the whole of the Excavators ern-1
ployed in forming the new Canal from the Regent's
Park to Limehouse refused to proceed to work unless
they received an advance in their wages. Their em-
ployers resisted the demand, and an immense num-,
ber were arranged along the*bants of the Canal at
the hour of commencing business, but refused to
touch either shovel or pick-ate unless their demand
was complied with.

The GRIYPON sloop of war, Captain WRIGHT,
whose arrival at Portsmouth from St. Helena, we an-
nounced in the STAR of Friday, left that island on the
2d of August, having been relieved by the Dorram,
Captain GORE. The CONQUEROR, 74, Capt. WALLIs,
(flag-ship) ; RACOON, Capt. BRINE, PODAROUS, Capt.
CAIRWIES ; REDPOLE, Lieut. PEARSON ; and DOT-
TEREL, Capt. GORE, were at St. Helena. The FA-
VOURITE arrived at St. Helena the latter end of July,
and was at Ascension when the Gairrow touched
there. The EURYDICE was at the Cape of Good Hope.
MP. O'MEARA, late Surgeon to BONAPARTE, has
tome home in the Garrnoo ; Mr. STOKOE, Surgeon
of the Cowen:Elton has been appointed to supply his
place. BONAPARTE, it is stated, had not been out of
doors for several months, and was much indisposed
with a liver complaint. The Governor had experi-
enced a serious attack of bowel complaint the begin-
ning of July, from which, however, he had recove-
red. We arc sorry to learn that the crew of the Cox-
QUEROR, as well as the troops on the island of St.
Helena, were in an unusually unhealthy state, and
that many deaths had taken place. Capt. PAISLEY,
of the REDPOLE, died at St. Helena on the 9th July,
xfter an illness of about six weeks. Lieut. PEARSON,
of the CONQUEROR, had been appointed to the com-
mand of the REDPOLE. Captain Bumf, of the East
India Company's store-ship Mangles, died on the
'.!)th July ; Mr. DtTNNING, of the CONQUEROR, pas-
senger, on board the GRIFFON, died on his' passage.
The James transport, laden with condemned stores
Ifrom the Cape, sailed for England on the same day
with the Gatrrox, and was to be followed in a day
or two by the brilliant transport, Lieut. BOTHWILLL.
