srArz OF THE COUNTRY.

We are sorry to ay that the state of the country becomes mere and
more alarming. The insurrectionary spirit is spreading both westward
and northward.

We were yesterday waited on by a gentleman front Reading, in
Berkshire, who gave us a very clear and sensible amount of some recent
proceedings in that part of the country.
Saturday, he said, a capture was made at Brampton, neer Reading
of ten men out of • body of about 160, who were breaking machines.
On Monday another party of seven or eight was seised, in the act of
breaking machines and committing depredations on the estate of
Gower, Seq. of Bill-hill, near Reading.
Tuesday ten or eleven machine-breakers were taken into custody,
thizzujh the aid of the military quartered in Reading; they were all
in the County Gaol.
.7ft7esday evening a are was discovered on the premises of P. Owen.
Esq. of Borkham-square, situated about half way between the High
Bath Road and the Great Welters Read. It bake out about half.past
six o'clock in the evening. It was elated by Mr. Clive, M.P. wbo was
present during the exertions to extignish the he, that some time be-
fore, • person was seen lurking abase the neiglibserbeed, who had made
enquiries of the children whether Mr. Gress wood a dimileinganschime,
and it was believed that this penes bad hem lentsmismini be paireeing
the Are. The some person bad aid the did= gniedegs sayeating
• gentleman who lived two miles et Mr. Clive sent ameesege to that
gentleman to caution him to be on the look.out.
A meeting of the Magistrates of the Forest divides of the amity
was held at Oakingham, about seven sale from Reading. 1111.Wahor,
the High Sheriff, sad Mr. Fishe Palms, man ahem were prow.
The object of the meeting was to emalfor what arsoloreo were seawary
in the present disturbed state of the district. An 'quartet forma, who
holds lands under Mr. F. Palmer, observed that the cases of all the
distress was the high MOW, which prevented the imams from em.
playing the labourers. On this Mr. Fishe Moor predated •
rent- roll of his father's, and showed that the ham held by that
gentleman was, fifty years ago, let for only sae shilling and
sixpence an acre kw than the present rent. But be observed that the
taxes were then only thirteen millions, whereas now they were nearly 00
million, and the aditional taxation had produced corresponding dis-
tress. In that very pariah of Oakingbant, it was observed by some
one, that the tithes, which belong to the See of 13alisbury, were let a
few yeas ago, for about 4001 a-year, whereas Mr. Crabtree, Sir Fran-
cis Burdett's steward, now rented them for 1.6001. a.year. Tae work.
ing clergyman receives only about 1001.a-ar out of all this amount.
Wednesday forenoon a meeting was held of the Magistrates of the
Reading Division in that town, for the purpose of considering in what
manner the disturbances Gould be arrested. All the persona of any coo.
sideratlon in the beighbourhood had received letters from &ring
The state of the poor I. Berkshire, according to our informant, is
miserable beyond description. The grocers and general dealer*, who have
but too many opportunities of knowing the situation of the poor, are
witnesses to dreadful scenes. All sons of garbage are sold tads=, and
food is devoured with eagerness which no gentleman would let his dogs
touch. The rancid scrapings of Irish butter are ;sorehead and greed.
ily devoured. One half of the labouring peopled° not touch animal
food once s week. The distress of the people is so much felt by trades.
men, that they nee nothing but ruin before them. Our infonuant was
present at the are on Mr. Oreen's premises. The labouring people
showed no want of will to extinguish it, but they were a set of miser-
able-looking creatures, under-fed, feeble, without shoes, and altogether
in a shocking plight. Mr. Clive ascended a ladder placed against a
rick, and addressed them in a tone which seemed to indicate dissa-
tisfaction with their efforts; but our informant conceived that their
want of energy was rather the result of feebleness than want of good

NAVAL INTELLIGENCA.

MAILS AZOV= Tim Day--Dot;lin,
_1 ; Waterford, 1 ;Mord, 1 ;

France, 1.

De t, Nov. 45. Wind S.R.
Poassrours, Nov. 45.—Wind I.S.E.—Arrived the Hope tran-
sport, Waller, troni
Paitsturrit, Nov. 44.—Wind RS E.—Sailed the Jane, Church, for
Sydney, Naar South Wake.
Emillimeata, Cana, Nov. 45.-- Arrived the Ann, Brodie, frost
hioxadore.

liawratorror. Nov. 15.—Arrived off the port, the Aufgeohesde,
Bonne, heat Rio Janeiro.

BRISTOL, Nov. 22 —Arrived the Rainy, Kepple. from Demerara.
Muroaa, Nov. t 4 —Arrived of the pun, the Kent, from Malaga.
Levearstoi, Nov. 24 —Arrived of the port, the Robin Hood, from
Virginia.
HULL. Nov. 24.—Arrived the Houghton. Ransom ; Lord &dirk,.
Sparrow; and Sisters, Pape, from St Petersburgh ; Pleiades Dob-
son, from Perna.; Terd .6, ikown,fr• m Memel; and Sdverstandigliad.
.---, from Tarragon*.
Toasav, Nov. 24.—Sailed hls Majesty's ship Galatea. tot the West
Indies

ANSTORDAM, Nov. f3.--The Flora. Dale, from Atehaosel to Am-
sterdam, foundered Nth October. of Chrietianmod. Crew saved.
Lnuaect, Nov. 113.—The Ronsocipatioo. Roby, honed to London,
which sailed from hence with the *steward MGM the ads *stem. pin
hods into the river yesterday. having sfeteload damage. and loot all
her sails, doting the gale en fleurday morning. between the lltalsvell.
and Lose'. Head.

MIIVEISMINIMINEEME
We understand that a marriage is on the tapia between
the shier of a Noble Lord, wile has lowly bees wry eawerieweee r the
electionorriog pantie st thin enmity, mod dw eldest Ism of so lien.
&stigma, case die Reorder of sod Dow baling a bigli
sties as lbw clerk of the liaise of Leeds. - Eider Affroi
In the county of Lincoln, the .Uiagton Ministry bad
inky one vote r Lord T. Oren, M.P. for tis id i Csi• indissit egg
lip. Irerdall, city of Limes ; Mr. W. A. betty, Lissobweire Ni.;
AT Meleolor, Jon. mod Ilk Wilke, Beeson Mr. Caelastry recd ,lilr
W=hey &nudism, all voted for inquiry. The two MOW are as in
either fiat

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Nov. ft.
The !muse met at half-past three o'clock.

PETITIONS.
Petitions against slavery were presented by Lord Hardwick, Lord
Melrose, the Archbishop of Canterbury. Lord Wharncliffe, Eerl
Spencer, and from other noble lords.

YEW POLICE.
Lost DURHAM presented a petition from the parish of St. Leo-
nard, Shoreditch, signed by 4,513 Inhabitant*. The petition prayed
for the abolition of the new police. The noble lord could not concur
with the petitioners in their request for the abolition of the new police,
but thought it was highly advisable to make Inquiry into the present
system and establishment of the police.
A petition to the same effect was presented from the inbabitan:. of
the parish of St. John, Southstark.

nitro's( IN TAILLIAKEXT.
Lord KING said—My lords, I have the honour to present a petition
from the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of
London in Common Council assembled, praying fur Reform in Parlia-
ment. I present this petition aith the greatest pleasure, having been
long an advocate for reform. I present it with much more satisfaction
now than I could have felt ten days ago, because at that time thrm
presided over the councils of the country a Minister who declared he
had no plan of reform, and that he would oppose it. After that de-
claration on the part of a minister of the crown, no attention could
have been paid to this petition, but Ido now lay it on your kon!sli:ps*
table with considerable expectation, more especially as the noble ears is
a recent statement pre satisfaction to me, ant all reasonable men.—
The noble earl's declaration on the subject of Reform has g vat sad.-
faction to the country, and it will go a glen way to restore conti-
dence in the House of Commons. (Mar, hear, hear.) I hope
my noble friend will follow it up in the most advantageous manner. That
there are blots and defects in the Constitution of the House of Com-
mons, no one can doubt. The principal defect is, that the great con -
mercial and manufacturing towns which have grown out of the indast: y
of the country are not represented. The blots are, the nomination bo-
roughs, where it is notorious that corrupt practices prevail. Mr. Grat-
tan has truly said, the proprietors of Parliament, meaning those who
have the nomination of such boroughs, have too long enjoyed a mono-
poly. These nomination boroughs have too long existed, and it is
owing to those who are called proprietors of parliament, that this coun.
try has during so many years furnished the means of supporting the
1110.4 profuse expenditure ever known. Ido not think the objects which
the noble earl at the head of the gorarnment has now in view, can be
carried into effect without reform in parliament. This petition alludes
to the want of confidence in the House of Commons, and is so respect-
fully worded that I call the attention of your Lordships to it."
The petition was then read by the Clerk, and laid on the table.

Lord RING also presented a petition to the tame erect from Brechin.
It stated that 45 Scotch members were returned to Parliament by no
more than 3,00 u persons.--Laid on the table.
On the motion of the Earl of SNAP FESRURV, the five bills for
reforms in the law courts were ordered to be read the third time to-
morrow.

I •

10
•

I
