ELEPHANT AND CASTLE CHARITY.

The LORD CHANCELLOR, in reviewing this case, said
he would not di,turb the annuitants already appointed,
but he would not sanction any further nominations.—
He decided ihat the application of the funds belonged
to this Court, and riot to the Trustees ; that he would
deal with the subject on a petition, if he could deal with
it upon that mode of proceeding. This opinion of his
Lordship, that this Court could, of itself, direct the ap
plication of the funds without the interference of any
other persons, is a new point in the case; and the Lord
Chancellor concluded by observing it might be argued
on Wednesday or Thursday.
VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, JULY is.

THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL V. THE BISHOP Olt LLANDAFP.
Mr. BATLEY moved the Court to grant an order that
the trustees in this cast, the Bishops of Llandaff and
Peterborough, and the Lord Mayor, might pass their
accounts. Lord Craven, it appeared, in the reign of
Charles the First, devised certain estates in trust, for
the purpose of educating a certain number of students
at Oxford and Cambridge, and also for redeeming from
slavery British subjects at Algiers ; but since the Treaty
of 1815, in which it was stipulated that British subjects
should not be liable to detention, it had been suggested
that the reservation of the funds for the last-mentioned
purposes would be illegal, and of these funds there was
now a great accumulation. He would not now enter
into that question, but merely prayed that his Honour
would grant the order in the usual terms, that the Stu-
dents might receive their stipend.
Mr. Gass.t.rr had no objection to the order on those terms.

It is remarkable that Admiral PLAMPIN, Major•
General Sir R. Ihnamost, Sad; Colonel Powsa, Artillery; and
Major Emwetr, Engineers; now in command in their respective
avocations In Cork district, were at the same time stationed at St.
Helena during DONAPAZTE'S abode in the Island.

The L.AMSLEOH sloop of war, Captain LAMBERT, is
fitting at Portsmouth for the- coaveyance of Captain OA PPRILTON
and Captain It. Pu►ass to the coast of Africa, when they will land
aid proceed on an important mission into the interior.
In the will of the late Admiral Sir THOMAS BERTIR,
registered in Doctors' Commons on the sth instant, is a
bequest to his brother,. WILLIAM HOAR, E,q. of a five
letters from my dear friend the late Viscount Ne.t.som,
and 'also a gold ring containing the hair of my said
valued friend, which he used to wear over the wound he
received in his head at the battle of the Nile."

MR. ROBERT OWEN.A Gentleman in Louisville,
on the Ohio, in a letter received in this country, thus
expresses himself on the schemes of Mr. Robert Owen.
4, Lanark Owen is here, establishing a society on the
Wabash, on a new plan. I was requested to give my
opinion on the merits of his plan, which I did in one of
the Louisville papers. I considered it as impracticable,
from the dislike that free-born, independent men, must
have to be told what they must eat, and what they
must wear, and what they must do, by a man who
they might won consider as neither better nor wiser
than themselves. I also thought that no man, not a'
'slave, would willingly give up his children, at the age
of two years, to the charge of others, or consider him-
self as unfit company for his own child. I considered,
the greatest part of the happiness of mankind to arise
from the ties that connect father and child, and that,
the severing of these ties most tend to render them
selfish and heartless. I believed that there was not 11
much advantage to be gained by co-operation of num-
bers—at least not enough to compensate for the absence
of those most powerful motives to exertion ; the fear of
want, and the love of wealth, neither of which could
exist to any great degree in a society where all was in
common."—Manchester Gazette.

The present reign was commenced with rather an
unusual mode of using the Roman figures. The Coro-
nation tickets were marked for George 66 IIII." On
the throne in the House of Lords still appears George
" HIL" on the sovereigns of former issues, in the
present reign, is marked George " MI." but on the
newly issued sovereigns, for the current year (where
there is the Royal Coat of Arms instead of St.. George
and the Dragon), his Majesty, together with a new, a
better, and a bolder likeness, is de,ignated more ac-
cording to olden notions—George " IV." Even the
previously issued half sovereigns, for the present year,
had George "Ill!."
Kew Gardens, to the opening of which there had,
been some interruption, are now regularly opened every
Sunday evening, till half-past nine o'clock. In one of
the hot-houses in the Botanical Gardens at Kew, there
is a shoot from the willow that sweeps over and shades
Bonaparte's grave at St. Helena. After having been
cut from ae tree the little' branch was pot into
earth, and it struck root. On striving in England, it
Was presented to his Majesty; and as our King wars
not with the dead, it was ordered to Kew, arid the
memorial directed to be taken great rare of. It is now
hardly a foJt high, but it is in full leaf; it is taken
special care of, not a leaf of it being suffered to be
touched. The King of late has frequently visited Kew,
and always on such occasions walking through the
Botanical Gardens.

O'CONNELL'S POPULARITY.—TI e following account
was proved before the Commis'inners of Bankrupts, in
A case wherein a friend of Mr. O'ConNELL had become
insolvent, some short time since. The i:cms appeared
in this man's schedule, forming pair of his account
with Mr.O'CoaNat.t.. "To providing tar-barrels and
other materials for bonfires, on your visit to Killarney,
51. 13,. 9d."—" To providing ropes, and paying the
loco who drew your carriage into town, 111. 7s. 6d."
--4' To three tasks ot, pangs- to the people who were
I. GUtlrgt 61. I6s. 6d."—Cavan fletald.

4~

•

r

y.

yi
''-'-'74- jiItRTING INTELZYektVeIt s;•
. i.. _ . .
BETTING- WOOS!. TATTERSALT:S, JULY It.
The attendintita 'Subscribers Was not very numerous, nor wa s
the betting very belie.' Tbe alteririons, therefore, are very trilling,
if we except brother to Addy and Altisidora, who are looking up.
There was some sharp betting on the great ight to-morrow between
Ward and Cannon, at 5 to 4 on Ward, and plenty of takers.
sr. itota.
25 to 1 apt Dauntless
25 to I. apt Whither
26 to 1 apt, limber to Addy
25 to 1 apt Pastime
40 to 1 apt Trinculo
50 to 1 apt Daredevil
Dram
12 to 1 agst The General 1 14 t• 1 apt Brother to CAric
NEWCASTLE RACES.—(Last Dar), FXIDAY.
The Town Plate of 100 sovereigns given by the inhabitants for ..11
ages. Three yrs, Est. 10Ib. four yrs. est. five yrs, Itst. alb. six yrs,
and aged, tat. 121 b. Mares and geldings allowed Sib. Heats
two miles and a distance.
Mr. Gascoipte's bi. tn. IZlizabeth, 4 yrs old " . • 1 1
Mt. B. Peter's ch. b. Bugle, 5 yrs old • 3 2
Mr. Jackson's ch. c. Rapid, 3 yrs old - i . . 2 3
2 to 1 on Elitabeth before starting, and 3 to.' against Rapid.—
After the first heat 10 to 1 on Fainabetlit—won easy. .
A Maiden Plate of 501. for all !get, that never won; 3 yrs. 6st.
10Ib. ; 4 yrs. Sat. ; 5 and upwards, lisr.'7lb. I mares and geldings
allowed 31b. Two miles and a distance.
Mr. Lambtoo's br. c. brother to Adani Blair, 3 yri.
Mr. Smith's b. f. by Leopold, 3 yrs

7to apt Memnon
13 to 2 apt Alderman
7 to 1 apt Redpuntkt
14 to 1 apt Cleveland
Is to 1 apt Altiaidoea
25 to I apt Homer

1 1
2 dr

CRICKET.
A Match of Cricket was played on Bram Downs, on Friday,
between the Epsom and Kingscnte Clubs, and decided in favour
of Epsom.
FOOT RACE.
Saturday night, a Baker undertook to run four times along
Waterloo-bridge in.five minutes and fifty seconds. The bridge is
considered a quarter of a mile over. The wager was for five sove-
reigns, which be won by performing his task several seconds within
the tints allowed.

MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT ON THE :NITER.
...ow—

Last evening, an Inqueit was held at the White Hart, •
Millbank Row, Westminster, before T. Htcas, Esq. on
the bodies of James Gaffey and John Clarke, two young
men who were unfortunately drowned while bathing on
Sunday morning last, near the Penitentiary, on the
Millbank side of the River.
It appeared there were three in company t. they were
all bathing, and neither could swim. Gaffey said he
would go the farthest, and on getting up to his chin,
exclaimed, " Oh, for Gores sake help me, or I shall be
drowned l" and suddenly sunk. Clarke, the other de.
ceased, went to his assistance, when Gaffey grasped him
gonad the waist, and after struggling some time, they
both sunk to rise no more.. Assistance was procured)
and they were bothbroughtout in a net, locked in each
other's arms. Two Medical Gentlemen attended, but
their exertions were fruitless. Verdict—Accidentally
Drowned.
ANOTIIRR ACCIDENT BY DROWNING.
This morning, the body of a young man, drowned, wanpidted
up on the Surrey side of the River, near the latent Shot Manua
tory, and instantly Conveyed todrist Church Workbook, for' a
Coroner's Jury. The deceased is tapposed to be one of the unfr;r..
mate sufferers, among many, who lost their lives on Sunday last(
while bathing.
