Tin ARMY

tnE EtPECI'ED BREVET.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE STAR.
Sa—The Captain! on full tay, of 1006, who are entitled ati
~etv
et, if it only compile's One year, amount now only to fatty;
of these
In the Guards, there is 1
Regintenti tlt the Line 23
--- Royal Artillery s. 15
- Royal Engioten 1
Total • —4O
The mascot remuneratinvheseollicers,who have held the East
of Captain for seventeen years, a peritid uneiampled in the Armyi
without Brevet, ;would be about (1,500 mutually. Mr. Home
himself, strict economist as be is, would hardly Object to this well-
earned promotion. B.
The 6th DragounGuards are Ender orders mineral fintri tlattge:w
to Edinburgh. They are to be replaced by the Royal Drartnts
from Piershill, the head-quarters of which' are to be at Ilanol:t
Barracks, near Glasgow.
It is not perhaps generally known that, by a recent regulation of
the Service, any Officer of Marines applying for half-payer declining
to serve when called in upon full-pay, his widow, by his so doing;
loses all claim to pension, or the children to the Compassionate Fund.;
Saturday night's Gazelle contains his Majesty's approval of the
silt Foot bearing en its colours and appointments. in addition td
Lay other badges or devices, the word .6 Peninsula," in comas*.
moration of their distinguished conduct in the Peninsula. Also his
Majesty's approval of the 60th Regiment (or the Duke of l'otk,'s
Own Rifle Corps) bearing on its colours and appointments, in adtS-
don to any other badges or devices, the word! " Albuera," Pyren.
sees," and " Ni*e," for their distinguished conduct in the Penin-
sular war.
MILITAR t PROMOTIONS.
WAR•OFEICE, FEBRUARY 25, 1825.
sd Regiment of Life Guards—George Thomas Bulkeley, Gent. to
be Cornet and Sub. Lieutenant,by purchase,v. Dutton,whet retires.
16th Regiment of Light Dragoons—James Pyhos Seward, Gent.
to be Cornet, by purchase, vice lianubottum, promoted in the
Ist Foot.

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guard*:--Lientenant Hon. Williana
Thomas Graves tribe Lieutenant and Captain, by purchase, vice
Beaufoy, who retires; lion. Arthur Upton to be Emilio and
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Graves ; Ensign and Lieutenant
Wnt. Brook Northey to be Adjutant, vice Beaufoy, who resigns.
Ist Regiment of Foot—Gentleman Cadet Charles Curtis, from the
Royal Military College, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice
Williamson, appointed to the 75d Foot.
2d Ditto—Lieutenant Charles Head, from the 93d Pebt, to be
Captain, without purchase. •
To be Lieutenants, without purchase--Rosies floe. Frederick
Cavendish, from :he 22d Foot; Ensign George Stirling, Irons
the 58th For.
6th Ditto—Lieutenant henry Sharpin, from lialf.pay of the 24th
Light Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice Thosnas Noble Clark,
who exchanges.
18th Ditto—William Octavio% Temple, Gent. to he Pusign, with-
out purcilase, vice Dull, promoted in the 48th Foot.
22d Ditto—Faisigu James Huie, from half-pay of the Bth West
India Regiment, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Cave's-
dish, promoted in the 2d Foot.
31st Ditto--Lteilltenant James Spence to be Captain, without
purchase.
To be Lieutenants without purchase—F.nsign Edmund- Gennyss-;
Lieutenant William Gibson Wilke, from half-pay of-the 46th
Foot ; Rnsign John Ayres Kingdom, front 94th Foot, v. Spent,.
To be Ensign, without purchase—Robert William White, Gent.
vice Gesulyst. •
54th Ditto--Lieutenant Charles Harford, from the 82d Foot, "to

GEARA alma= kEktrNc.

Saturday, a General Meeting of his Majesty's Ca-
tholic subjects was held alit Freemasons' Halt, for thel
urpose of considering the propriety of petitioning tile
ouse of Lords against the Bill which patted they
Ouse of Commons on Friday night, for the suppres-
sion of unlawful Societies in Ireland. This meeting
Was attended by the chief Catholic Nobility of Eng-
land and Ireland, and was otherwise most numerously
and respectably composed. At one o'clock, his Grace
the Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal, took the Chair.
He was surrounded by Lord Stourton, Lord Killeen,
the Hon. Mr. Preston, Sir Thomas Esmonde, Bart.
Mr. Coke, M.P. (of Norfolk), Mr. Grattan, M.P. &c.
The Secretary read apologies, on account of indis-
position, from the Earl of Shrewsbury, Lord De Clif-
ford, Lord Arundel, and Mr. Francis Canning; and
their letters contained a strong expression of their ap-
probation of this meeting.
Mr. O'Couturw was loudly cheered when he appeared on the
hustings.
The Noble CHAIRMAN, in opening the business of
the day, requested the Secretary would read the requi-
sition, in pursuance of which the Meeting had been
convened. This being done accordingly, the Chairman
then addressed the Meeting. He said he felt the great
kindness of those Gentlemen who had done him the
hOnour of placing him in the Chair that day. It was
to him a source of gratification to find himself sur-
rounded, as he was on this occasion, by so many of the
most• distinguished of his English and Irish Catholic
fellow-country men —(Applause)—to find them a firm
and united body, hoping to obtain at length those
sights which had been so long and so unjustly with-
held from them. He was also most happy to find him-
self supported at this Meeting by some of his distin-
guished Pi otestant fellow-country men. Thus sanc-
tioned, they had every reason to hope for the attain-
ment of those privileges which, whilst they conferred
justice upon the Catholics, were also calculated to add
to the general stability of the empire—(Applause). He
should no longer trespass on their attention, but pro-
ceed to the general business of the day.
Lord SrouuroN, in proposing the fist Resolution,
which was declaratory of the propriety of petitioning,
appealed zo the history of the past and to present ex-
perience throughout Europe in proof of the wisdom of
putting an end to all invidious distinctions founded on
. differences of religious opinion.
Lord Kum= seconded the Resolution, which was carried
unanimously.
The Hon. Mr. PRESTON, in moving that a petition
{which was read) be presented to the House of Lords
founded upon the preceding Resolution, took the op.
portunity of declaring his concurrence in the liberal
and tolerant principles which had been expressed by his
Noble Friends who had p eceded him.
Sir Tuostas Esmoupe Bin. in seconding this mo-
tion, also expressed similar sentiments in behalf of the
great cause of civil and religious liberty. .
The question upon the Petition was then put, when
Mr. O'CONNELL rose, and was greeted with loud
cheers. lie feared he should have to trespass for some
time upon their patience—a declaration which when
once aiuweJ by a speaker, was generally carried by
bun into effect—(A laugh). To lay before the English
people the bitter grievances of his countrymen, he had
left his Ironic and family—had suspended the profitable
• emoluments of hi; profession (though he would not
dwell upon his pi ivate loss)—he had made the sacrifices,
to do what ?-;-to make an appeal to English justice—to
petition for what ?—to be heard before they were con-
demned—to have their statements looked at before they
were silenced. In England, and before her Parliament,
had he sought justice, and the Legislature had spurned
his petition—(Hear)—and this was the answer which a
British House of Commons had given to the humble
petition of seven millions (for that was the amount) of
Irish Catholics, who merely supplicated that they should
be heard before they were punished—tried before they
were condemned—(Hear, hear). That petition for jus-
tice, the British House of Conamons had, in the face of
Europe, spurned; and he had to return and tell these
seven millions of his oppressed countrymen, that for
them thecodeof justice was closed; the British House
of Commons for them could only provide prescription.
They dealt not in this sweeping and. compendious way
with the black slaves of Africa ; and let them not think
the people of Ireland would submit to perpetual degra-
dation and oppression-a-(Hear.) To the law they were
bound to submit, and to this fresh accession to penalty
they would bow their heads like obedient though in-
jured subjects ; but no man could expect their submis-
sion in silence—no man could tear from them the soli-
tary indulgence of complaint against grievances still
to be borne: they would, at least,-he hoped, be allowed
to clank their chains in the ears of their oppressors, and
remind the authors of their wrongs of the extent of their
infliction—(Hear,', hear). In coming here to vindicate
the Catholic Association from the calumnies which had
been heaped upon that body, he had even offered in
their behalf to prove a negative. It was usual for the
party who had a new law to enforce, to justify its ne-
cessity, instead of calling upon the party affected by it
to shew his innocence ; but the Catholics had conceded
to the Government that first great principle of human
right, and offered to come forward and prove a negative ;
and it was this petition which had been spurned from
the British House of Commons. They had now to
appeal to the people of England for the opportunity to
make that vindication which their Representatives (some
actual, some virtual) bad disallowed. Thus placed, he
would first attempt to shew the people of England the
necessity of the proceedings of the Catholics of Ireland.
Secondly, he would explain the nature of the course they
had taken. In the third place, he would meet and
repel the assertions which had been uttered against
them ; and fourthly, he would canvass the measure which
was levelled at them, while yet there was an opportu-
nity, at the bar of public opinion in England, and ap-
peal to Englishmen through the means of that press
which was destined to bear on the wings of truth the
triumph of liberty over despotism among the nations
of the world. This appeal he made to the justice, the
honour, the bonesty—nay, the generosity of the Eng-
li'h People--(Hear, hear). To justify the necessity of
the embodied action of the Irish Catholics, the Learned
Gentleman went through in detail the prominent parts
of Irish history. From the invasion of Ireland in the
year 1172, down to the year 1612, the terms Irish sub-
ject and British enemy were synonymous; and the na-
tive Irish, who had for centuries petitioned to be put
under the protection of Blitish law, were hunted down
and exterminated like the beasts of the forest. To
murder one of these Irishmen was ao crime at law, ex-
cept tale payment of a small fine; and Sir John Davis,

he had not reddened his babas With ih blood of the de-
ceased man, but that WM. Thompson was not his right!
name, that it was Timothy O'Haly Drigeoll, who was a,
native Irishman, and therefore out of the pale of the law..
In that trial, *hat the lawyers called a collateral issue,
was joined, that the deceased was not a native
Irishman, but Hibernices regis, and therefore'
entitled to the protection of the law ; the result, however,.
was, that the murderer was convicted, but adjudged—
to what punishment ?—to the payment of a 6ne of
three %arks !—(Hear). -In the reign of Mary, the Ca-
tholic religion was for a time enabled to raise its drooping
head ; but in the succeeding reign of Elizabeth, the
wasteful sword'of domestic war swept all Ireland. The
Fitzgeralds and the Desmonds were too rich to be sub'
bects, and the blood of the O'Neill; was shed in one
arbarous detail of carnage and confiscation. Under
the Government of Cromwell, too, the sword of the
LORD and Gideon spread desolation through the land;
but the Restoration gave stability to the throne, and
took away from lawless ambition the chance of supreme
power. But what was this Restoration marked by ?
Why, the Duke of York, afterwards James 11. took no
less than 80,000 acres of land, forfeited by those very
Catholics who had fought and bled for Chide. I. yet
after wards they drew the sword for that very Monarch.
But James procured for them an unnatural alliance with
the French, and the flag of that country waved over the
walls of Athlone instead of the royal standard, while
the hearts of Irishmen were the principal barrier
against the enemy. But at the fatal field of Aughrim,
King James fled; and partly by treachery, and partly
by British valour, the Irish Catholics were defeated.
Limerick was then capable of being defended for half a
century, and could have resisted until congregated
Europe went against them; but William offered ter ms
'of fairness, and a treaty was executed ; but, the Eldons,
the Liverpools, and the Peels of that day were in power
(cheers)—and that treaty was broken. How were they
then treated? The Duke of Marlborough had raised
the fame of the British arms to what was called then,
as it was called now, the pinnacle of glory, and then the
penal code was enactea—,that code which had so often
elicited the eloquence of the sublime Grattan over
whom we had wept—that code which Montesquieu
had described as traced in letters of blood. It divided
the husband from the wife—the son from the father—
stripped property from those who had attained it, and
rewarded the child the moment he dared to violate the
command of GOD. He (the Learned Gentleman) was
no Irish agitator, but let it not be deemed a crime when
he taunted England with this atrocity. He, however,
forgot and forgave it ; and he was ready to co-operate
with England against the world at this moment, in or-
der to let his country and religion, which had been in-
sulted, be freed from the calumnious falsehoods which
had been hurled against them. During the reigns of
the two first Princes of the House of Brunswick, the
Goulburns of that day came freighted from Ireland,
where no four footed reptile breathed, but where ve-
nomous bipeds battened and fattened on the distresses
of his countrymen ; they came over from period to pe-
riod with penal enactments interminable, until a third
reign commenced. George HI. whose memory would
be ever regarded with gratitude by the Irish people,
over whose declining years we had wept, and at whose
grave we should still linger with that recollection we
had of a father or a friend, then a,cended the Throne.
The Catholic Association then first existed—not by that
name, to be sure.--but
" A rose by say other name woild smell as sweet !"

and it was called" the Catholic Committee." Its mock
friends deprecated it as dangerous, and evinced the
strongest enmity towards it. The Learned Gentleman
then adverted to the present prosperous state of Ame-
rica. That country furnished a resting-place from the
persecutions of a Holy Alliance, and there ten millions
of people were improving on those institutions of heel,
dom and justice which were ever the concomitants of
political happiness. But even With respect to the(
country, the British Parliament had not been so unjust
as to enact pains and penalties without a hearing, which;
they had refused to the Catholics. He did not stand
there to threaten, but to conciliate, and solicit, in the
most humble terms, those rights of which his country
men bad been deprived; and yet, at the bar of thi
1 House of Commons, he bad been refused even a hearing 4
The Catholic Committee continued its labours during
the French revolution down to the unfortunate epoch a
the Irish rebellion; and then it was surely necessary such
an association should exist, to interfere between men and
their passions. Then the Association did interpose its in•
fluence to wean men from their spirit of revenge, excited
by repeated cruelties and oppressions, and the refusal of
justice. They set forth real liberty as preferable to
that ephemeral and intoxicating draught of revolution-
ary licentiousness which poisoned France. The Catho-
lic Association commenced at a period when °rause-
men filled every office under the Government, in Ireland,
from the highest magistrate to the lowest bailiff. One
of the objects he had in view, in coming to this coun-
try, was to offer, at the'bar of the House of Commons,
eviclence of the guilt ol the Orangemen. At that bar
the Deputy Grand Master of the Orange Lodge had
been examined, and there he had been shielded and'
protected. He was ready to have proved, had he been
permitted, at the bar of the House, that the secret •ath
of the Orangeman was taken from the 68th Psalm, and
it was to be found in the 23d verse—" That thy foot
may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies ; and that
the tongues of thy .dogs may be red through the same."
(A cry of "No.") He was very glad to hear that voice,l
because he was now prepared to declare, that if that'
voice could prove the negative, he would immediately
give up the cause of Emancipation—(Loud applause.)
The learned gentleman nest adverted to evidence which
he had in his possession relative to the murder of a Ro-
man Catholic by an Orangman in the county of Armagh.
He next alluded to the visit of his Majesty to Ireland.
His countrymen had been termed wild and illiterate
Irishmen, but with what heartfelt delight was his Ma-
jesty received ou the Irish shores; and with what ex-1
quisite sensibility did he manifest his solicitude for the
happiness of his Irish people, when leaving their country.
On that occasion he was stationed near his Majesty,
and he could observe the satisfaction expressed in the
Royal countenance, at the conduct, the loyal conduct.l
of his Irish subjects. He could observe the tear oft
manly sentiment glistening in his eye,and lie should carry
to his grave the recollection of that tear, nor could he be
deterred from the expression of his gratitude, if in one
short half hour that grave should open for his reception.
The conduct of the Irish people on that occasion was,
in iced, above all praise.--not a voice, not a breath was
be .rd, but in a spirit of true loyalty towards a kind and

►graded people.' Thal Oadsone Association was todfs•
persealasto calks 'those feelings naturally arising from
such ifijories,' and to interpose the shield of the law.
against the Orange faction. Tranquillity had been pre-
served, by:the effortsof the Association, ftom the North
to tilt? South of Ireland:-from the Giant's Causeway to
Cap 4 Clear—fro/In the Ern to the. West—from the Hill
of Howth to Mr. Martin's wide domains. The Learned
Gentlemaa nest proceeded to advert to •the arguments
which had been raised against the Association. The
first was intemperance of speech ; the next, the fear that
the Catholics would seize upon the tithes; interference
with justice; and the language. of the address to the
people, in which the word "bate" had been introduced.
Four long nights of debate had been occupied in this
discussion. With respect to the first point, he asked,'
was intemperance of speech (even admitting the fact)
ever made a ground of legislation ? Among old
women, perhaps, the argument might have some
weight; but in a House composed of wite legislatort,
he was surprised that it had received even a moment's
consideration. As to the second-objection, he could
declare that Roman Catholics never once entertained

the notion of taking any tithes. He would be ready
at once to give up the cause of emancipation, if such
a thought had ever found a place aniongst them.—
If a Bill for their emancipation were passed, he would
consent to its repeal whenever a single Catholic Priest,
with the consent of a single parish, should become a
tithe receiver—( Hear, hear). The address to- the
Catholic people was prepared by him, and if they.
thought it an unpardonable sin, they might except
him out of the Bill for Catholic emancipation, but it
should nOt be visited on the Association. But had any
of those who had spoken of the address . with such
sickly affectation and maudlin sentiment denied that',
its object was peace? Had any of them dared to deny'
that it had attained that object?—(Hear, hear)..•' If
they had, he could have brought a host of Catholic
Noblemen and Gentlemen to prove its success; and
why did it succeed? Because it was sincere—(Hear,
hear, hear). 'He addressed the reason, and feel.;
ings, and passions of the people, and conjured theni by
all they hoped or feared to abstain from acts of violence.
He appealed also to their strong sense of the wrongs
they had suffered ; and if he had omitted to appeal to
that great motive, bow would he have been taunted?
It would have been said, " You are an advocate; if'
you were sincere in the cause of your client—the peace
of the country—would you leave the principal witness
uncalled,and his testimony without comment ?"—(Hear,
hear). He did not excite to hatred—he did not justify'
it; and yet was it not legitimate, after all, to hate the
robber and the murderer ? though Goo forbid their
persons should be the object of amp other feeling than
charity. He would refer to a book which they all
equally respected,the Bible,to spew that the term "hate,"
was not used in the lady-like manner contended for in
the House of Commons. In Hopkins and Sternhold's
translation of the 26th Psalm, it was thus used :
" I much abhor the wicked sort, their deeds I do despise,
I do not once to them resort that hurtful things devise.
0! shut not up my soul with them, in sin that take their fill,
Nor put my life among those men that seek much blood to spill.
For in their hands much mischief is, their lives therewith abound,
And nothing else in their right hand but bribes are to be found r
Perhaps it was the fear that hatred might be extend :
to those in whose right hands I): ibes were to be foun
that made some Honourable Gentlemen 1 have such a
abhorrence of the expression—(Cheers and laughter). In
the 139th Psalm, the Psalmist says, " Do not I hate
them, 0 LORD, that hate thee; and Alla not I grieved
with those that rise up against thee? Yea, I hate them
tight sore, even as though they were mine enemies."-
-It even the language of inspiration used the expression
hatred, what became of the affectation that would con-
idemn its use, not for a purpose of mischief, but of peace?
And.what contempt must be felt for those by whom
such a use was condemned when their own practice was
the hatred of oppression ?•—(Loud Cheers). The Catho-
lic rent had been condemned ; and it was said there were
two books kept, a red and a black, and that those who
did not subscribe were put in the black book. The as.
sertion was as false as Goo was true—(Hear). Its false-
hood he was prepared to prove at the bar of the House
'of Commons, and he called on those who had made the
assertion to fix the stamp of infamy on their informers.
No real cause of offence was even imagined against the
Catholic Association. He would ask of English justice,
whether their enemies did not admit that nothing worse
could be imputed ? No man had the criminal audacity
of accusing the Association with having uttered one
word injurious to the principles of religious liberty.—
That shewed they had no ill-will to their Protestant
fellow-subjects, or it would have escaped; it shewed
more, that popularity was not to be gained amongst
Irish Catholics by ill-will to Protestants :he had served
his countrymen faithfully for 21 years, but had he given
utterance to such a sentiment, his long services could
not protect him from their just indignation—(Great
Meerut:.) He was sincerely attached to the Catholic
religion, because it extended its blessed charity to all
mankind. . His Catholic countrymen sought for
themselves the blessings of happy homes and altars
free, with the fervent desire that all might be partakers.
His ancestors had signed the treaty of Limerick, of
which the present Bill- formed an additional violation.
He called on Parliament to tatify the treaty for which
they had received valuable consideration (Hear). It was
said the Convention Act had been passed in Ireland, in
1793, to put down the Catholic Committee. That I
assertion was also false. The Catholic Committee
had obtained their object in 1792, and had dissolved
before the Convention Act, which was passed against
Jacobin meetings, which were, from the moment of
their appearance in Ireland, opposed by the Catholics,
and were met by Lord Fingall in the field, at the head{
of his yeomen—(Hear, hear). The present Act was-an
Algerine Act, to prevent petitions from Ireland for the
relief she wanted, and would never be satisfied till she
attained —(Hear). Under that Act the ruffian
Orangeman might break into his house under pre-
tence of a 9 illegal meeting, and tear him away from
the companion of his life, the mother of his children
(Hear). But he could endure it all—his fathers had
endured more—and he would tell his children that
there was a good GOD still to protect them„ and that
there was a generous people in England, who would
not allow the people of Ireland to be trod to the earth.
The men on whom this Act of Parliament.was infl.cted
had been caught in the fact of tranqualliziog Ireland,
and they were punished—(Cheers). He would retain
to his country with an additional badge of his slavery,
but still he would tell his children there was hope; he
would point out to them the proclamation of their be-
loved Sovereign to his Hanoverian subjects ; be would

Majesty's faithful subject^ and mike them all is one
heart and one mind in defence of their common country,
and the inestimable blessing of equal laws,
The Learned Gentkakis sat down ainitrst lend cheadng.
• Mr. O'HANL9N shortly addressed the Meeting.
• Mr. Sulam., in sport of tie liomah Catholic As■
sociation,-appealed to the characters of the persons of
whom it was composed, and to the objects for which it
was formed, and denied the Vatious charges made
against it. He then complained, in animated terms, of
the hardship of compelling the Catholic to beat all the
expenses of a Protestant Church; or the imperfect ad-
ministration of justice; and of the exclusion of Korean
Catholics from the higher offices of the State, and the
most exalted professional situations. If he had nothing
but the theory to establish the evils of the system, it was
sufficient; but be had tnore—he had the authority of
an-Englishman, a Peer; of a late Lord Chancellor of
Ireland, who, he supposed, would be considered as au-
thority by the Government, to . prove that in Ireland
there *as one hi* for the rich and another: for the
poor—(Near, hear).—This was said by my Lord Re-
desdale, who, he presumed, was as good an authority
as certain lawyers who had been converted into legis-
lators ; and who reminded him of those beautiful lines
in one of that celebrated Poet, Moore's, songs, where,
speaking of Ireland, it is said—

9 Uukticerrn are bet sons till they learn to betray;
Undistfnguished they live if they shame not their sires ;
And the torch that would light them to dignity's way,
Must be caught from the pile where their country expires!' ;
—(Load dicers).—He would place the statement of my
Lord Iletlesdale against the dictum of Mr. Doherty.
Mr. Justice Fletcher, the purity of whose life and cha-
racter had never been sullied by the breath of calumny
—(Cheers)---told the Grand. Jury s f Wexford, that in
ithe Not th of Ireland the Orangeman, with arms in his
hands, frequently fell upon the defenceless Catholic,
and assassinated him ; and when brought to trial for it,
was acquitted—(Hear, hear).—Mr. Secretary Peel, in
speaking upon this subject, said he believed Mit. Justice
Fletcher had.changed his mind before hit death. Was
this the way to get rid of such an authority as Mr.
Justice Fletcher? But Mr. Justice Fletcher never did
change his mind upon that subject. He had had the
honour of that Learned Judge's acquaintance, and he
assured the Meeting, that shortly befote his death, he
reiterated the same sentiments. But he bad another
authority, whom he was sure Mr. Secretary reel would
like very much, he meant no less a personage than Mr.
Baron M'Cleland himself—(Hear, hear and a laugh).—
'f hat Learned Judge, not long since, beseeched: his bre-
thren (the Orangemen)—he knew not whether the
Learned Judge had ever been an Orangeman,—he
beseeched, he implored his brethren, the Orangemen,
to deal out impartial justice to a Roman Catholic then
on his trial—(Hear,hear). Beseech them to administer
justice impartially ! Why what was this, but an ad-
mission that it was not otherwise to be expected? Did
they imagine that this was an act of judicial superero-
gationton the part of the Leatned Judge? No such
thing. He who lived in Ireland knew these matters
better. In England, indeed, the case was different.
What would the people of this capital think if they
heard my Lord Chief Justice Abbott beseeching, im-
ploring an English Jury to do justice to an accused paw-
-1 son, no matter of what religious persuasion ?—(Hear).
Would they not feel it as a stigma) as a reps oath, nut
only to the Jury, but to the country at large ? He had
still another authority to produce in support of his
argument, that of Mr. Justice Moore, who upon oue
occasion said he feared he should be.obliged to call in
the military, to protect him in the administration of
justice from the Orangemen, by whom the Court was
crowded—(Cheers).—After some further observations,
the Learned Gentleman, in conclusion, congratulated
the Catholics both of Englrnd and Ireland, upon a
union of interests. They were both bound by the same
chain, but by pulling together they. would break that
chain, and relieve themselves from the thraldom in
which they had been so long kept—(Applause).—His
efforts to attain that end should be unceasing; and trust-
ing to the Almighty Disposer of Events, he should say,
in the language of his daily orison," Thy will be done.'
(Loud and repeated cheering.)
A vote of thanks was then proposed to those Members of the
House of Commons who advocated the Catholic claims, which
was carried with acclamation.
The Duke of Norfolk then left the Chair, and Lt rd /Wren was
unanimously placed in his stead.
Mr. O'Cowunt proposed the thanks of the Meeting to his Grace,
for the uniform zeal which be bad ever evinced.
Lord &WILTON seconded the motion, which was carried unani-
mously.
His Grate returned thanks; and the Meeting adjourned at bait
past six o'clock.

ANOTHER FIRE IN HOLBORN.

Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening of
yesterday, a fire broke out at No. 218, Holborn, within
four dooy of Little Queen-street, the lower part f which
was occupied by a grocer, and the upper held as a
Dancing Academy, known by the name of the " Blooms-
bury Assembly Rooms." The fire is supposed to have
commenced in the basement story, and there being a
large stock of inflammable matter in the rear, in less
than half an hour the house was on fire from the cel-
larage to the roof. The wind blowing at the time ra-
ther smart from the North-wen, the house on the right,
which is N 0.219, the Sun and Punchbowl wine-vaults ;
and the premises in the rear, a large timber-yard in
Little Queen-street, were discovered to be on fire. A
'timber of engines arrived, and the plugs bring drawn,
a plentiful t•upply of water enabled them to do much
efficient service in the rear, though every attempt to
save the Sun and Runch-bowl proved ineffectual. The
principal point of attraction was in Little Queen-street,
on account,of the immense quantity of dry deals, &c.
which were known to be on Mr. Vizer's premises, to'.
gether with the large flakes of fire carried by the
breeze to the house-tops, created very serious appre-
hensions for the security of the entire squire of
buildings from Drury-lane to Little Queen-street.—
At half-past eight, the front of the house, No. 218, in
which the fire originated, tumbled into the street with
a tremendous crash, and within an hoar the Sun and
Punch-bowl shared the same fate.
The house on the left, No. 217, occupied by Mr
Long, veterinary surgeon, was repeatedly on fire in the
rear, in consequence of the guerdons and other connect-
ing timber work.of No. 218 having continued binning;
but chose appearances of tonilagration were as often
checked by copious di..charges from the engines. At
hall-past ten o'clock the fire might be said to have been
completely mastered, though here and these the oilcan-
turned timbers would burst into a sheet-lived, fitful
flame. No correct estimate could possibly be made of

)-
ceps the payment of a small fine; and Sr John Davis,
the Irish Attorney-General of King James I. reported
tri; IC.1
7", us Soy u: weear sigpiittn— tcr.
Cliee trueratoyatty tows a &MU SUM aw•w. WI o.‘a w. 518 1W Lux ."..........". -7-7--- • --- - - ••••••••"• '"" '''"':•`"` ""'""""'`' `•"`""' '"""JI ''''"-- --
And yet, in the ieign of tell themi it was mpbsstble that the just and generous the loss sustained by the respective neetrpeirs of the
the case of the murder of a man named W. Thompson; knis King it was, that a new penal law was to be people of England should long, remain parties to their thrte preal!es, but there is no • doubt 111141101411 taint it
and what was the defence_of the murderer ?—not that Passed, adding new afflictions to an oppressed and de. oppression. He %%mild tell them that the same sun of has been very considerable. At 0.! Ittrticr 12 A
r.
)
1 .
% ,
..
•• • .
. .. -
, - -
_„_ • "'" >, `'" • 1 -onagor .....0, .
- __ _ ----- -0,...:=4.,,-----timg.,-- -w•pi...-..-- -- - - -7- - ---6.......---
