- A PUBLIC MEETSG of the,YRIENDS of Sir
Il WILLIAM CURTIS, Bart. M.P. and Alderman, who
are desirous of securing the Return of the Honourable Baronet,
as one of the Representatives of the city of Lend,ri in Parlia-
ment, at the approaching Election; will take place TO-M9R-
ROW, at the London Tavern, Bisittmsgate-street.—The Oink
will be taken at One &Clock precisely.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

NyEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1820.

of the Spatich people is, beaotted • 00 WA-ridden;
the insurrection must ultimately fail. If, on the
other hand, the mass of thq, people tiriderstand and
appreciate the benefits of a Constitutional Govern-
ment, despotism and bigotry,, mutt fall, either before
this qr some future .and early insurrectionfor in-
surrection, it will be observed, has been, n annually
returning phenomenon in Spain since the restoration.
A person looking closely to the recent history of
this unhappy people, will see that they are not so,
debased as to be fit for, or capable of enduring the,
foot of despotism or priestcraft upon their necks. It
may be expedient to refer to the return of King
FEiDINAND in 1814. The following is the account
of popular feeling at that time, given by the Con-
ciao, a Spanish Journal, written with talent :-
4, We cannot conceal it—two parties exist in Spain.
The one consists of those who love and support the
political reforms which have taken place—the other,
of those who oppose, or hypocritically pretend to
cherish them." The latter, as soon as FERDINAND
touched his native soil, threw off the mask, and
stigmatised their opponents with the most odious
names. 'But still the Cortes and their partisans main-
tained their ground in so formidable a position, that
FERDINAND, on his return, remained several days
hesitating whether he should or should not accept the
Constitution. He was, in the meantime, assailed by
some of the Nobles and a band of Priests, and his evil
genius prevailed. He annulled the'Constitution, and
declared all who should abet it, by acting, writing,
or speaking, to be rebels and traitors, whose punish-
ment should be death. A slanderous and treacherous
intimation was given at the same time, that the
Counter-Revolution took place under the auspices of
England.

The Ktsc; arrived at Madrid. Some creatures,
hired or imbruted, cried, " Live the King, down with
the Constitution." But this was not thought a suffi-
cient pledge of loyalty, and it u•as deemed prudent
to -arrest in their beds, several hundreds of persons
within a few nights. Thus, then, there was still a
dread of the Cortes party. The servile cry was kept
❑p only by a miserable and scanty populace, some
•unworthy Courtiers, and the Priests--not, however,
all the last•mentioned, of whom some wrote and
fought, and even advised the KING, in. support of the
Cortes. The following passage of as Address pre-
sented, with great solemnity, to the KING, by the.
celebrated University of Salamanca, deserves to be,
recorded :

Reseated on the throne of Spain, a throne preserved at the
expense of such rivers of blood, your Majesty enjoys all your
rights, and the Nation may promise itself a futurity which will
indemnify it for the sacrilices which it has made with so moth
courage and generosity. Yes. Sire, the Nation expects final the
reign of your Majesty the reward of its heroic devotedness ; but
if that Nation, solely given tip to it, enthusiasm in the happy
event of your restoration to its wishes, has neglected to be anxi-
ously careful about its future political interests, the generosity
of your Majesty is not less bound to fix, on solid bases, theexist-
euce acd the happiness of your People. Your Majesty his
spoken. These bases are already fixed in an irrevocable mei-
ner : they rest on the word of a Spaniard and a King. Real and
personal property will be guaranteed by laws which secure good
order and the public tranquillity. ' Every one shall enjoy that
salutary liberty, the exercise of which is the first blessing of Ci-
tizens, urAls.; the temperate reign of a Prince, who must be the
father of his subjects. The Press also will enjoy that just liberty,
which, *while it does not degenerate into licentiousness, suffices
for the cJrnmunication of useful ideas. and the progress of the
art, ani scienc,:s, the propagation of Which enlightens the Go-
vernment itself, and tends to produce that mutual respect so
necesaary among all the members of society. The Public Taxes
shall be fixed in concert with the Representatives of the King-
dom, assembled in tortes; and with Me concurrence f Flint lines,
your Majesty will establish the laws, that are in future to deter-
mine the rights of all the Citizens."

This w as not the only proof of party in support of
the Cortes—an insurrection broke out in Navarre,
under the celebrated MINA ; armed bands sprang up
in Estramadura, Andalusia,. Arragon, Valentia, Ca-
talonia—and. king FERDINAND sent amongst them
some troops, armed with the sword, but without the
scales of justice. It should have been observed, that,
by this time, he had re-established the Tribunal of
the Holy (Vice, in order to restore " the 'Holy Ca-
tholic and Apostolic Religion of Spain to its pristine
purity," which had " suffered from the sojournment
of different sects, almost all infected with sentiinentsj'
&c. and this is the only mention which Ferdinand has
mode of his British Allies, • since he ascended the
Throne ?f Spain. He pursued this disastrous policy,
of placing the reins of Government in the hands of
the Priesthood; and after not only the Holy Office,
but the Pope's Nuncio had been re-established in the
plenitude of power and honours, it was proclaimed
through Spain, " that the concord between the
Priesthood and the Government was secured, and the
bases of the tranquillity and safety of the State, could
no longer be shaken." How that has been verified,
let experience decide. What year has passed with •
out an insurrection? What class of the community
is most zealous for a Constitution ?—The military.
—lf the Cortes party was strong in 1814, how much
stronger must it be now, after the provincial prisbns
have been filled by the Inquisition, the peasantry
harassed and plundered by exactions, military and
clerical, under the sanction of the Crown, and the
merchants violently stripped of their property ? It ,
may be said, then, that the active influential majority
of Spaniards wish for the blessed protection of legal
rights. They wore Catholics, as now, when they
enjoyed the early Constitution—one of the freest
possible—so well described by ROBERTSON. They
were Catholics at a much later period, when they
applauded the wisdom of their SOVEREWN) the

grindfathei of the present, in banishing dm..looks.'
If further paio f were ,wantittg, let us look at the
policy of BONAPARAL The great boon-Offered by
him to die nation, was the Suppression of the Roll
c e (which, indeed,' he did suppress), and the
restoration of the Cones of the Kingdom.--Let, then,
the favoure,rs of despotism and bigotry despair, if
they have no other hope than in the debasement of
the Spanish people.

‘..-

•- . .
.hey are silent With regard to Spanish affairs;
but mention, that all communication is cut of, and
,thlit they loOlc for correct information to England...l_
suih were the apprehensions entertained on the sub-
ect; that the Portuguese Government paper had
fallen to a discount of 22%.

This morning we received Charleston Papers to
the 7th of January.
'Tie Americans are exhibiting a great shew of li-
berality and sympathy towards the free Blacks.—In
providing them land in any portion of their number-
less acres of uncultivated lands?—No such thing!
Yankee policy has a different character. The Ameri.
cans, " the only free men on the face of the earth!"
can endure the slavery of the Sons of Africa on their
soil ;.but do'not like the idea of free Negroes having
a free settlement there"! Those free Negroes whom
they can induce to submit to their system of policy
are to be coaxed to emigrate to Africa, to a place
called Sperboroug, one hundred miles south of Sierra
Leone, in a fine climate and fruitful soil".-2.1n a word,
to the African Paradise!

THE FUNDS.—The Stocks have scarcely liaried an
eighth' for several days. This morning Consols
opened at 68*, but fell to 6Fi. in consequence of the
paucity of information respecting the state of Spain,
communicated this morning by the arrival of the
Lisbon Mail.—Money still continues very plentiful.

• • ....„.., • •
. .
. . . • -. : ._ _
. .. •
• %it , • Motile- den; I grdandfitheof the -•
• • • •
' ...
••
.14i - ' •
• - - of the Spaeish people it, besotted' stnEt - r
- A PUBLIC MEETING of the,YRIiNDSof Sir th . . ~
but mention, that all communication is cut of, and
s
e insurrection must ultimately fail. If, on the If
.further potiof -wire 'avarititig, let us look. at the •
WILLIAM CURTIS, Bart. M.P. and Alderman, wko
are desirous of securing the Return of the Honourable Baronet, other hand, the mass of tl% people itiderstand and pOlicy.-of. BONApAwitti. The great boon-Offered by thy they lea for correct information to England...l_ s. i
Such were the apprehensions entertained on the sub- ..,:,.•
as one of the Representatives of the city of London in Portia. appreciate tine
.. benefits of a 'Constitutional Govern- him to die nation, was the Suppression of the Hole
ment, at the approaching Election • will take place TO-M9R-
ROW, at the London Tavern, Bi;lstwsgate.street.-The Chair ment, despotism and bigotry,mat fall, either before Qjice (which, indeed,' he did suppress), and the jeer; ' that the Portuguese Government paper had 'l5
wilt be taken at One o'Clock precisely. - restoration of the Cones of the Kingdom.-Let, then, fallen to a discount of 221 h. .
THE EVENING ► STAR. surrection, it will be observed, has been An annually the favourers of despotism and bigotry despair, if
- -
This morning we received Charleston Papers to
-,
LON DON. - A person looking closely to the recent history of the Spanish people. . the 7th of January.
- - . this unhappy people, will see that they are not so . • PRIVATE LETTER. _ . Tie Americans are exhibiting a great shew of li- -,--.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1820. debased as to be fit for, or capable of enduring the " CADIZ, JAN. 16.-The occurrences which have berality and sympathy towards the free Blacks.-In
THE FUNDS.
foot of despotism or priestcraft upon their necks. It made a noise here within the last two weeks are Very' providing them land in any portion of their number- 7,5•
PRICV.ISF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE o'coece : may be expedient to refer to the return of King singular, though in some quarters not unexpected.
less acres of uncultivated lands?-No such thing! ..'
3 per Cent. Reduced 69 1/4687/s FERDINAND in 1814. The following is the account We are at this moment besieged as vigorous-1y as we Yankee policy has a different character. The Ameri '•
3 per Cent. Consols 68% % 1/} %
• of popular feeling at that time, given by the Con- were. during the time of the French. Such an event cans, " the only men on the face of the earthy, .:!-
Sy per Cttt. 771/2 5/3 ciao, a Spanish Journal, written with talent :- not being looked for by the Government, and as we canil
; enba durdo,ot ike theetlniesllarer
yofidtehae
asofnrse:fNAegfriroceasohnatviilenigr
t."
i 1 ..er Cent. 871/2 5/8 3/8 " We cannot conceal it-two parties exist in Spain.
were just at the close of the fever, we are unprovided so
.. -
5 per Cent. Navy 1031/4 1027/8 103. The one consists of those who love and support the with a garrison. All is dread and confosion, and a free settlement there! Those free Negroes whorl .
.
the Authorities do not know what to do, dreading they can induce to submit to their system of policy l'''
Bank Long Annuities 18 1-16 1/4 political reforms which have taken place-the other,
called Sperboroug, one hundred miles south of Sierra tl;
. .•!
Imperial 3 per Cent. Anus. 67 Y 8 of those who oppose, or hypocritically pretend to that the populace will force open the gates to the are to be coaxed to emigrate to Africa, to. " a place 4.
Leone, in a fine climate and fruitful soil"-=In a word • .'.
Insurgents, who are now estimated at 10,000 men.
India Bonds 14s. I3s. pr. cherish them." The latter, as soon as FERDINAND
The first labours of the Bishop, and the terrific Pro-
e al- to the African Paradise!
Exchereler Bills (2d.) 3s. 4s. 2s. 3s. pr. - touched his native soil, threw off the mask, and
, ~
clamations of the Governor, in some measui
• Omnium lk, pr. stigmatised their opponents with the most odious
,-..
THE FUNDS.-The Stocks have scarcely varied an
layed the symptoms of ferment which began to shew
THE
Consols for Acct. 681/2 % % 1/,. names. 'But still the Cortes and their partisans main-
themselves; but this is temporary. Mr. Isturiz,
eighth for several days. This morning Consols ''
- rained their ground in so formidable a position, that
merchant, and brother of the Member of the late
opened. at 68*, but fell to 6F4i, in consequence of the '''
The Kiwo's health being so much better yesterday, FERDINAND, on his return, remained several days,..
paucity of information respecting the state f 9 ails
he received visits from his Royal Brothers, the Dukes hesitating whether he should or should not accept the Cortes, a clerk of the same house, Lieutenant Puga, • L
communicated. this morning by the arrival of YORK, CLARENCE, and SUSSEX. Prince Leorooo Constitution. He was, in the meantime, assailed by •of the Regiment of Catalonia, curate Salcedon, No-
.cii I, P. o -
Lisbon Mail.-Money still continues very plentiful. 45;
• lled at the King's Palace, in Pall-mall, to pay some of the Nobles and a band of Priests, and his evil gales, Urrutia, Ortis, Ramos, and several others, va of the ...4:
also C.l
his dutiful respects. The Palace was visited by in- genius prevailed. He annulled the'Constitution, and who were prisoners in the Castle of Santa Catalina, y 4
declared all who should abet it, by acting, writing, have escaped with the greatest ease, and joined the . - •
cessant inquirers during the day.le-
or speaking, to be rebels and traitors, whose punish- Insurgents. The mails received from Madrid, by' NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. • t
-- The following Bulletin was issued this day : 4
.
1h 4
'° February 9, 1820.
... " Carlton Palace, Half past Eleven, A. M. ment should be ,death. A slanderous and treacherous the way of St. Lucar and round by water, are im-
The Diligencia, Cacvsao
- intimation was given at the same time, that the mediately conveyed to the Head-quarters established Maranham, and was WIC= I sailed from Lisbon 16the following day by antlosuu tt:-,feorrt '-‘.
•
brig privateer, of 14 guns and 10.5 men. •
" The KING is almost free from complaint. Counter-Revolution took place under the auspices of in Los Pavellones de San-Roque, near the marine-
(Signed) . " 11. lIALFORD. England. . gate, and there, in the presence of the Governor, NiThl 2 ari wrl
boat to
tslivl o rn:l,
tra3PCORTSMOUTH, •PEURLJA KT R.-• ..1:1- _.-...r..v.,... the Peace, ••:,.
ill
isport, from the Cape of Good Hope, with detachments of r,':'
" W. KNIGHTON.
The Kist; arrived at Madrid. Some creatures, Bishop, &c.the letters are•examined, and those which
ftternls(lawnidthi.
thehlw thiredatea,
the 38th, .56th, and 72d Regiments. She sailed the 12th N. ::fs''
" .M. J. TIERNEY."
avrorbee rt.o N‘-hen
ascertainoff theth
reckoning\'‘ '
hired or imbruted, cried, " Live the King, down with are silent on political matters are then distributed to I. •
•
We insert, this day, a Letter from the veteran the Constitution." Bat this was not thought a suffi- the Public. It is rumoured that the Ministry in and' two passengers), when a heavy gale sprung up, which drove e'-
,
the ship off the land, and obliged lier.to keep her coars.s, leaving .:-
Agriculturalist, Dr.:l'Rusoeit, to which we entreat the cient pledge of loyalty, and it 7as deemed prudent Madrid is divided in its opinions. the boat behind. Fears are apprehended for their safety.-Sailed .4sf.
attention of our Readers, as preliminary to other to-wrest in their beds, several hundreds of persons " The Minister of State, the Duke de San Fer- the Manby, ('Sonia, for Plymouth. 4r
MAL, FrilltUAßY ind W.-Arrived and sailed for the. I'
• . Letters on a most important subject, the best means within a few 'nights. Thus, then, there was still a nando,
. and the one of Finance, Salmon, are at va- River, the Ocean, Lowman, (roan Lisbon ; last from Plymouth. ';'
or increasing the agricultural produce of the king- dread of the Cortes party. The servile cry was kept riance with the War Minister, Alos, and Maui Came down from the River and remain, the Fawn, 'A Lira, for '':
• the South Seas; Rip, Fosysa, for Madeira ; and Ro-.-al Ea 1, • '
. dom, furnishing labour for our numerous population, op only by a miserable and scanty populace, some Florida, of the department of Justice. The King titans; for Lisbon.
and increasing the gains of our landholders and *unworthy Courtiers, and the Priests-not, however, sticks firm to his old advisers, Bencomo and the Noose,
.Fes. 8.-The .John and James, Ems, of Ilianc.,,n, .k;.•:;
from Plymouth to Portsmouth, is on shore to the Westward ,`I iy&,;'‘.
-.. farmers, at the same time that the prices of suste- all the last•mentioned, of whom sonic wrote and Duke de Alagon. As soon as the arsenal and dock- Sr.Alban's. Her cargo is likely to be saved, and it is hoped :he •'.
.i.
1 - nonce shall be reduced to the consumer. We have fought, and even advised the KING, in. support of the yard of La Caracca was taken, all the prisoners con- vessel may be got off. . `.•
LIVERPOOL, Fan. 7.-Arrived the Brothers, Ems: from Yew '''::
~.. ~iten endeavoured to call the attention of the Public Cortes. The following passage of an Address pre- fined in the horrid dungeons of Las Quatro Torres, Orleans ; Ceres Woman, from Charleston; and ' ' 1 '..
Lsverpool pac- 17-
:.
to these important topics, and we are happy in having sented, with great solemnity, to the KING, by the one of the worst prisons in Spain, were set at liberty. ket,,Entsaxv, from Savannah. )-
I'4\l4lO5TH, IEBRUAIIIi 6.-Wind S. S.W.- irrived the Duke
- our intentions seconded by so able an advocate, one celebrated University of Salamanca, deserves to be It was there Miranda died, It is said they were very of Marlborough packet, with a Mail from Lisbon,- in Ts eiB istala ..
.
.:.*'• so well qualified to do justice to the subject. recorded : numerous, and some say amounted to 1,200. Among Sailed the Active, Tisoairsosi, for London. .!%
llARwrcs, FEBRUARY 8.-Wind W.S. W --Arrived the. Al- • '
•It is undeniable that cur present system is radically " Iteseated on the throne of Spain, a throne preserved at the them were many Liberales, as well as South Ameri- liancepaclLt, with a Mail froM Gottenburgh: -... ..",«
We are aware that many impediments op-
- wrong. expense of such rivers of blood, your Majesty enjoys ail your cans. The famous Patriot called Cojo de Malaga PLYIIOUTII, FEsausay.7.-Wind W.-Arrived the Rosiliad J.
rights, and the Nation may promise itself a futurity which war was Evian, from London for Charente.; Arase,.Btoossrietn, faun'
1 . pose themselves to any sudden alteration ; but it is among them, who in 1814
was pardoned by'
ditto, for Leghorn; Neptune, Thialuer, • from ditto, for.i4he *`
indemnify it for the sacrilices which it has made with so moth
• iinnOssibie but that benefit must result from a cool Ferdinand in Madrid, when ready to ascend the Cape; Maivina, Baooes, from ditto, for Rio Janeiro ; and ru s.
courage and generosity. Yes. Sire, the Nation expects final the
1.. I Cod, Bauzs, from Benicarlo. The latter was boarded off
and dispassionate examination; and, let us add, those reign of your Majesty the reward of its heroic devotedness; but gallows. A corps of 550 Volunteers has been formed St. Vincent, by a South American privateer.
ss ho would discourage it, must have their minds if that Nation, solely given op to it's enthusiasm in the happy in La Isla, chiefly out of retired soldiers. The present • ' •
strangely warped by prejudice, or by mistaken views event of your restoration to its wishes, has neglected to be anxi- leaders are beloved by the soldiers, and they are The arrangements for the funeral of the late Kars
. .
ously careful about its future political interests, the
.generosity • well 'paid and fed, which is not the case with those are not. yet completed Mr. MARSH went to Wingor
; of self interest. Can any thing be more palpable
of your Majesty is not less bound to fix, on solid bases, the,cinst- yesterday for that purpose. 'File 16th instant, as we .-
than the truth that, the greater the number of con- fighting for Ferdinand.
euce and the happiness of your People. Your Majesty has '-' , - ' originally stated, continues fixed for the funeral.
" JANUARY 17.-In all probability you will, ere
stoners of any article, the greater must be the de- spoken. These bases are already fixed in an irrevocable mai- The Duke f M • o • ONTROSE, we
mare sorry to learn •
i. mond, and the higher the prices for the ankles they nor: they rest on the word of a Spaniard and a King. Real and this, have learot of th; unfortunate disturbances has an attack of the goot. ,
/
Personal property will be guaranteed by laws which secure good consume ? In fact, it is a self-evident truism, and which have taken place in this country, from which . The Countess of DARTMOUTH has left Lord Bagot's
. order and the public tranquillity. ' Every one shall enjoy that circumstance it is said the Expedition, so long in seat, Blithfield, Staffordshire, for Sandwell-Hall - ' yet we have men among us who aim at improving .
salutary liberty, the exercise of which is the first blessing of Ci- Earl Witirworrrir and the' Duchess of Doßsey ',..
• the condition of the Agriculturalists, by diminishing tiZens, urA:,,,.;• the temperate reign of a Prince, who must be the preparing,
*will be abandoned. There are, however,
Nave
than we ave had
- the number of mouths that consume their products. father of his subjects. The Press also will erjoy that just liberty, more favourable accounts to-dayand family, who are still at Naples, are expectedhome the latter end of April.
.. lint, for-south, our Pcors' Rates are oppressive !Is which, *while it does not degenerate into licentiousness, sufficessome time. Report is that for
for the cJrnmunicaion of useful ideas. and the progrcss of the the loyal party of the troops are marching from 'in Downing-street; from a visit to the Earl and Conn- ..'
':- eMigrasion, which directly tends to impoverish the
arts and scienc,:s, the propagation of chichs enlightens the Go- Madrid to quell the revolutionists. Whichever tens of I ONSDALE, at their seat, Cotesmore.
farmer, by sending away his customers, a measure way • ..
vernment itself, and tends to produce that mutual respect so
" . ,it may eventually end, • hll have .
_
ca.culated to produce riches to any class of the com- necessary among all the members of society. The Public Taxes Galway took place on Thursday. The Beach was a •
- attention to some other means of employingthe ships nonlisy ? The saying 9, r ozone adds nothing to the shall be fixed in concert with the Representatives of the King- a -
here, as it is
:- r iches of the community : nothing does this but la- dom, assembled in tortes; and with the concurrence if that Bads, said the Expedition, at all events, will lution to Address the LORD LIEIENANT to Proclaim
: lour-productive labour. But labour you cannot your Majesty will establish the laws, that are in future to deter- be given up. •.. . .._
the county of Galway, with the exception of-the two" • - .
mine therights of all the Citizms." westeri Baronies, Moycullen and Ballinahinch, where • • •-
' have without hands, and the more hands you have, The Paris Papers of Sunday,. which arrived 'this
This oas not the only proof of party in support of - the estates of Mn;MARTIN, the Member, are 't te '
',.. the greater is your means of creating riches. forenoon, furnish nothing new which can be relied .QUEEN'S .
is._ St Ua .
the Cortes-an insurrection broke out in Navarre, The Crown, which ROW in the Regalia •
It is complained, however, that employment can- on respecting Spain. There had, in fact, been no Office, •in the Tower, and which was made for the . •
s under the celebrated MINA ; armed bands sprang up
not be found for our labourers and workmen. This new arrivals from that quarter. A Letter from. •:COnsort of JAMES IL cost £111,900. Its weight is
ill Estramadura, Andalusia,. Arragon, Valentin, Ca-
• complaint, when duly analyzed, amounts only to Madrid, received by the last-Couriercis given in the nineteen ounces only, exclusively of the velvet. Very '
talonia--ands King FERDINAND sent amongst them little, if any, of the gold 'can be seen, it is so pro- . •
this :-We have the means of creating wealth-the Constitntionnel whichthat M E r '
~asserts M. too, ...aptain-
o some troops, armed with the sword, but without the fusely•Covered' with jewels. Our Readers will ima- -
only means by which wealth can be created, but we General of the Kingdom of Valencia, had been re- • •
scales of justice. It should have been observed, that, gine dot, when they end, that although its diameter
'. • are ignorant how to apply the means to the proper . . called from his government, in order to supersede at the rim is Only five inches, and its entire height
by this time, he had re-established the Tribunal of
I end. What, then, should prudence dictate in this General FREYRE in the command of the- forces des- to the top of the cross, only seven inches, it contiiin;
Ng Office, in order to restore " the nol Ca- • the /- . . -
%. case ?To destroy or banish the means ? This is Y tined to subdue the Rebels. We do not think there 605 'diamonds, and near) 180 pearls.
so tholic and Apostolic Religion of Spain to its pristine The East India Com an 's shi
'is much probability in this on dit. The character of • . p y p Castle Huntly was ' Wisdom says-Look at
madness, not prudence . .
purity," which had " suffered from the sojournment F . • • in lat. 43. 24. North. long. 11. 38. West, on the 30th .
every part of •your present system : ascertain where . • Res RE stands high in the Spanish army, and if the of slaftua'l7, 'all Well. The . Aston had parted corn- #'
of different sects, almost all infected with sentiinentsi' it 1
-'.i an increase of hands can create an increase of pro- Royal cause can prosper under any direction, it must pany, but when is not known. •
..o &c. and this is the only mention which Ferdinand has . _ • •
o: duce, and apply in that quarter the labour necessary oe under his. His tardiness in proceeding against LETTERS FROM THE COURT OF TRIPOLI.-This
A: . mode of his British Allies, • since he ascended the Work continues toexcite
,_'•% to that increase of produce. • . the Rebels may, very possibly, be little to the liking . • much attention. Facilities
Throne ?f Spain. He pursued this disastrous policy, such as never before occurred to any one, not even .
W: 'Veto lands that are in culture may, .by a change of FERDINAND and his Court ; but we doubt not he
of placing the reins of Government in the hands of excepting Lady WORTLEY MONTAGUE were certainly ,
ss
ir:•,• of system, be made to furnish employment to your has been able to give reasons cogent enough to sa- afforded to the Author of these '
ss the Priesthood; and after not only the Holy Office, • Letterf, and facili-
so whole population, with ir.creased comforts and be- tisfy even a despot's ear, that to hasten the shock is ties, such as. tis most probable will not very soon '.
but the Pope's Nuncio had been re-established in- the
•-• refits to the Agriculturalists. Away then with igno- not the surest way to survive it. - offer to another. It is a perfect Biography of the -
sit . plenitude of power and honours, it was proclaimed
t•.7' rant complainings and wasteful emigrations. If you The Bishop of Cadiz addressed a Pastoral letter Court of 'Tripoli ; and, while reading these pages,
so. through Spain, "that the concord between the you are wafted into the midst of it •; you make one •
bad not land on which to employ your labourers--or to the inhabitants of his diocese on the 9th of Ja-
-.:. Priesthood and the dovernment was secured, and the -• o of the crowd, with flowing robes and turbaned
o‘ if already you had brought all your fields under nuary, arid a tronslation of some parts' of it, in the brows, sparkling with jewels
e be, bases of the tranquillity and safety of the State, could Gazette ; you recline on conches
ki spade colture, you might, perhaps, have cause to de France, supplies the lack of more circum- on marble -floors, sipping coffee, or•drinking sherbet;
no longer be shaken." How that has been verified, •
-7' wail year lot ; but, on the contrary, you have great stantial news. It is a base lecture on thq b •
eauty of you listen to the rippling of the fountain which plays
let experience decide. What year has passed with • in the midst of you ; and seem to inhale their burn-
it cause to rejoice that this inexhaustible mine of em- passive obedience, in which the authority of the •
..• • out an insurrection ? What class of the community ing incense, or the more refreshing perfume of their
• ' loyment, individual wealth, and general prosperity, . o, Scriptures is misrepresented to . prove the necessity of
i- ploymert,
is most zealous for a Constitution ?-The military. orange, citron, and jessamine groves. ..-
still remains to you, a possession of which no foreign submitting even to wicked Princes, and the inspired
-If the Cortes party was strong in 1814, how much - Twelve-of the convicts sentenced at the•Manches- *
: rival can bereave you. oracles are profanely illustrated by the opinion Of ter BeiSiolii ' A. . ••• 'al • f there
, arm ee„.. la sown s• orenoon, -on
stronger must it be now, after the provincial prisons ROUSSEAU, who was pleased to say that a •goof} way to the hulks at Sheerness.-_They were all -heavily
The events in Spain occupy a great share of the have been filled by the Inquisition, the peasantry Christian must necessarily be thepacific -_, ironed ;-and amorig •them •were sump of those con- •
most grid I-. •
public attention at this moment-and the crisis is harassed and plundered by exactions, military and most. submissive of Citizens. viCted of seditious on & treasonable practices:-
. really important. The occurrence or non-occurrence clerical, under the sanction of the Crown, •and the . The French news in the Papers now rem. d ' Stsiduoati.PccußßENoe.-Friday evening, a Mr.
ive is WILSTCOTTi.a 'master shoemaker, in Church-court, in '
of a 'Revolution in the most degraded, but still one of merchants violently stripped of their property.
It devoid of interest. A. tit' d third Privy Council was ex- the Strand,. deposited -sEveral Bank•:notes in a drawer
the greatest kingdoms of Europe, must fill a large may be said, then, that the active influential majority pected to sit at the Tuilleries on Sunday, in which in his parlour, and-the following day, having occa-
space
in the eye of. Nations. To anticipate the re- of Spaniards wish for the blessed protection of legal they would fix definitively the bases of the new Pro- sioa to pay•his men, he missed a eto note. Mon- .
• . suit-that is, whether a Revolution will or will not rights. They wore Catholics, as now, when they jest of Law upon Elections. . day morning, a knock was heard at the door, but
take place, but little stress, comparatively, is to be enjoyed the early Constitution-one of the freest Five per Cents. Saturday, 73f. 15c. the person Who knocked was gone before it.could be
• -
laid upon the mere isolated aspect of the Insurgent possible-so well described by ROBERTSON. They _
- • opened ;i -6n looking, however, at the kncek?ri he -• •
saw a paper parcel tied-to it, and found it to contain
or Royalist troops, All depends upon the elements were Catholics at a much later Period, when they -We have been favoured with the sight of several. Es I.ls. with an anonymous note, thank;n ti• f
g im 04
' of which the Nation is composed. If the great mass applauded the wisdom of their SOVEREION,
-the letters from Lisbon, received this marling by the I-the loan of the balance of •£1 55.1
• .
•. . .
, . _ , _ . _ • . - ....
...... -.....-... , -----•---,•.- -"e- •. -:-. ..iesaf,t.-:,:',•,-,.e,- - -,- t. .
