M. WALLER CLIFTON.

nenULLING OFFICE, July 5, IStO.
THE COMM/WONERS for VICTUALLING

his 11.41.837'rS Nitrr, ae hereby give notice.
That on Tursoar, the 12th or September next, they will be ready
to receive Tenders in writing (sealed up) and treat for the supply
on separate Contracts of such quantities of IRISH BEEF and
PORK as may be demanded for the use of His Majesty's Troops at
GIBRALTAR, GRENADA,
ANTIGUA, TOBAGO,
BARBADOES, TRINIDAD,
BERBICE, ST. LUCIA,
DOM I S ICA, ST. KITTS,
DEMERARA, ST. VINCENT,
for Twelve Months certain, front the 24th June, 1844, the aura •
gate amount of which is estimated at about FOUR THOUSAND
FIVE HUNDRED TIERCES of BEEF, and FOUR THOU-
SAND FIVE HUNDRED TIERCES of PORK.
The Cotttlitions of the Contracts may be seen at this Office, or
by applying to Mr. J. W. Dusyraanu.a, Agent for the Victualling
at Cork,

Each Tender must specify the prier in words at length, and be
vered to the Board before One &Clock on the day appointed;
:IA must be accompanied by a Letter signed by two responsible
Persons, engaging to become bound with the party tendering, in
the penal Sum of One Third of the amount of the Contract, for the
du! performance of the same.

The Person who snakes the Tender, or some Person on his
betwit, must attend to answer when called for.

M. IVALLER CLIFTON.

This day was published, price 4s. ad. bound,
riILIE GEOGRAPHY of the GLOBE, containing a
JL Description of its several Divisions of Land and Water. To
which are added Problems on the Terrestrial and Celestial Globes,
and a Series of Q,eations for Examination.

By JOHN OLDING BUTLER,
Teacher of Writing, Arithmetic, and Geography.
" This is a very useful book for young people. Convinced, from
pract cal experience, of its expediency, the author has combined
much miscellaneous information with the elementary systematit
branches of instruction; and thus made history, biography, &c.
to go hand in hand with topography and geography. This plan is
ably executed, and the effect is commensurate with the pains that
Lye been taken."—Literary Gazette, February 4,
London: Printed for Simpkin and Marshall, Stationers'-ball-
court, Ludgate-street; Harvey and Darton, Gracechurch.street ;
and John Harris, St. Paul's Chnrch-yard.
Of whom may be had, by the same Author,
A BRUM AIZIIOIII of his FATUZA, the late Mr. WILLIAM Bunss,
et Hackney, with a Portrait. Price 41.

r MIE
Public are respectfully informed, that Messrs.
11 SAVORY, MOORE, and DAVI44OII, Chemists to the Royal Fa-
mily, continue to prepare the following approved Medicines, which
m4y be had at their Warehouses, 136, New Iltaucl.street, and 220,
Regent-street; and of their Agents, Mr. Charles Butler, 4, Cheap-
side; Messrs. Newbury, 45, St. Paul's asurch.yard; Mr. Sutton,
Bow Church-yard ; and Messrs. Barclay, 97, Fleet-market ; sur-
rounded with a Stamp, on which their names are engraved, by
eri!rr of his Majesty's Comin6sioners without this Stamp, the
Medicine cannot be genuine.
ABSORBENT LOZENGES, for Heartburn and Acidity in
the Stomach. Acidity and Heart,Journ are amongst the most com-
mon symptoms of Stomach complaints; persona of weak and ner-
vous constitutions, and those who have been intemperate in their
hying, suffer mote particularly from these affections, which cause
re‘tieseness, lowness of spirits, debility, and irregular state of
towels, giddiness, gout, &c. &c.
h is now thirty years since Dr. Jenner prescribed these La.
zerges, which afford in the above cases a speedy relief; and while
ti,,. ingredients are agreeable to the taste, they are fully adequate to
the purpose for which they are intended.
The PATENT SEIDLITZ POWDERS. These Powders,
when used according to the Directions, form an effervescing An-
sley? Damsons, as agreeable u Soda Water, yet possessing all the
Medicinal Properties of the muck-esteemed &Wilts Spring in
Germany.
CHELTENHAM SALTS. The Chalybeate Aperients or
Improved Cheltenham Salts, when dissolved in Water after the
fn.tnner directed, form a correct Cheltenham Water. :rhey have
11« n used in most parts of the World, uniformly producing the
ia.ne effect as the Water when drank at the Spa.
C DULA TED KALI. A tes.apoonful of this Powder,
with four large spoonful of Water,- instantly forms a per-
f.r DCA EIGHT*
is one of the most useful Family Medicines yet offered to
the Public.

AROMATIC SALT OF VINEGAR. This Preparation is
p.iticularly recommended on account of its crystalline form, which
mew it more pungent than any other preparation of Vinegar.!
Likewise, COMPOUND TINCTURE of the SULPHATE
of QUININE, which possesses all the tonic and febrifuge Qua-
Wes of tie Peruvian Bark in an agreeable and concentrated state;
NCEURE of CURERS; WINEof COLCHICUM SEED,
end for Rheumatic Affections; ESSENCE of CAMPHOR,
NI making Camphor Julep; HARROGATE and LEAMING-
TON SALTS.
The following Articles are also Sold, by Appointment of the
Prophetess, via. The LANCASTER BLACK DROP, which
mirky of the most eminent Physicians and Surgeons prescribe and
tu,ploy in preference to any other preparation of Opium.

EVER ANXIOUS TO PREVENT IMPOSITION,
DAY and MARTIN respectfully inform the Public
they have, after much labour and at a very considerable ex•
pence, brought to perfection a Label of such singular construction
and extreme difil.nalty of execution, that they critic will effectually
prevent the many Frauds that are daily practised on the Public.—
An attention to the following description of the Label will ensure
the genuine Blacking prepared by them. A pattern like Lace of a
'pink colour covers the principal part of the Label, the names of
Day and Martin are printed in white letters edged with pink and
black, and placed on a white ground, the address,
97, HIGH•HOLBORN,
is also white letters edged with pink and black, but placed on the
he, peter's, the signature and price at foot are black on a white
ground, the preamble and directions for use are printed as before,
'back letters on white ground.
i 97, Iligh-Holborn September, IBM

NORFOLK.
Capital and Very Valuable FREEHOLD ESTATES, MANOR,
Excellent RESIDENCE, superior FARM HOUSES, and
AGRICULTURAL OUTBUILDINGS, the whole in *high
state of cultivation. 4
TO BE PEREMPTORILY SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. HOGGART,
At the Mart, on FRIDAY wrz,y, July 28, at Twelve, unless an
acceptable offer is made by Private Contract,
THE FELTWELL LODGE ESTATE, with the
surrounding FARMS, containing together about
ONR THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED ACRES
Of fine Arable, Pasture, Marsh, and Wood Lands, four miles from
Brandin, on the turnpike road to Lynn, six from Stoke, 22 from
Newmarket, and 22 from London; together with the extensive
Manors of Winlands, Shenvilles, and Duntons, with fines, quit
rents, rights, and immunities thereto belonging, in a country
abounding with Game, and lying in the parishes of Feltwell, St.
Mary, and St. Nicholas, with an excellent brick built Family
House, containing numerous Rooms and Offices of every descrip.
don, Pleasure Grounds, Gardens, Lawns, and numerous Outbuild-
ings; the whole lying within a ring fence, and in the highest state
of cultivation, offering one of the finest investments in the County
of Norfolk; let to Mr. William Flower, at a low Rent of Eight
Hundred Pounds per Annum.
Also, the LODGE, a neat Residence or Shooting Box, with
Gardens, Lawn, Shrubbery, and Planadons, in hand.
The Estates may be viewed on application to the Proprietor, and
Particulars had as the Chequers, Brandon ; Crown, Stoke; Bell,
Thetford; Crown, Lynn; Angel, Norwich; Rutland Arms,
silaulNew-
market;
idgewater Arms, Manchester; Hotel, Liverpool; at
the Mart ; f Means. Isaacson and Sons, Solicitors, Newmarket or
Milde ;of Misers. Isaacson, Norfolk-street, Strand; and of
Mr. Mown, 111, Old Brad-street, Royal Exchange.

SOUTHGATE, MIDDLESEX.
VALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE, RESIDENCE, and
GARDENS,
The Property of Mr. THOMAS Wracnison.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. HOGG ART,
Peremptorily, at the Mart, on Faro.te, Augtist 4. at Twelve
o'Clock, by direction of the Assignees,
A VALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPERTY. com-
prising an excellent and most substantial RESIDENCE,
of uniform structure, placed upon a Lawn and Pleasure Grounds,
near the village of Southgate. The House contains Eight Bed
Rooms, Dressing Room, Store Room, and Water Closet; a nobis
Billiard Room, excellent Dining and' Drawing Rooms, of large
proportions, elegantly finished; spacious Hall and Vestibule, with .
attached and detached Offices, Kitchen, Wash-house, Butler's
Room, Dairy, &c. with capacious Cellirage and Offices ha the
Basement ; double Coach-house, Stabling for Four Horses, Coach-
man's Room and Lofts. The Lawn and i'leasure Grounds are
disposed with taste, and in high order ; a capital walled Garden,
planted with fine thriving Standard and 'Wall Fruit Trees. Green
House and Grapery, Farm Yard, Bailin Cottage. Cart Lodges,
Stabling, Sheds, Cow Houses, and other Outbuildings. The de..
gant and appropriate Furniture may be taken at a fair Valoation.
May be viewed by Cards, and Particulars had *a the Premises;
at the Cherry Tree, Southgate; the King's Head, Enfield; of
Messrs. Spence and Desborough, Solicitors, 6, Size-lane ;of
Messrs. Long and Austin, Solicitors, Holborn-court, Gray's Inn ;at
the M art; and of Mr. Hoggart, 62,01 d Broad-street,Royal Rs-hen-..

MANOR. OF RICKMANSWORTH,
With RIGHT of FREE WARREN, as GRANTED by
CHARLES THE FIRST;
SPLENDID MANSION, BEAUTIFUL PARK,
RIGHTS of FISHERY, and several surrounding FARMS, _
Near RICKMANSWORTH, HERTS,
corranunos TOSITH El
TWO THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED ACRES.
TO BR SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. HOGGART,
At the Mart, on Farmer the 25th of August, at Twelve o'Clock,
IN ONE LOT,
THE very magnificent and splendid STONE BUILT
MANSION of MOOR PARK, -
Exhibiting a beautiful Elevation of the Corinthian Order of AMA-
tecture, presenting Two noble Fronts, tqrards the North and South.
The South Front has a very elegant and grand Portico and
Pediment, supported by noble Columns, which, with the base and
capitals, are nearly Sixty Feet in height.
The most striking internal parts of this Mansion were designed
by the celebrated Italian Architect, Giacomo Leoni, in cosjunctios
with Sir James Thornhill, and are extremely rich and dignified.
I A noble Hall, paved with Marble, Marble Door-ways, and Pe.
diments, costly Stair-case and Gallery, ornamented with Paintings
in fresco.
A beautiful and well-proportioned Saloon, wainscotted, and de-
corated with Paintings of the Four Seasons—the Ceiling Painted
by Sir James Thornhill, front Guido.
A Superb Ball Room, most elaborately decorated, One Hundred
Feet in length, with a sumptuous Statuary. Marble Chimney Reck
of great value; a noble Rating Room, Library, Music Room, and
other Apartments, with principal 3ed Chambers and Dressing
Rooms, in every respect adapted for the residence of a Noble Family.
The Mansion is placed in the centre of a fine verdant Park, of
upwards of

FIVE HUNDRED ACRES,
grouped with stately Forest Trees, and the Grounds finely me in's..
ted, which opens to the view au extensive and rich et:inv.:tea coun-
try, intersected by the rivers Colic anti Gad. The Cane suns
through the Park.
The Park Five Miles in circumference: within it are the eels.
brated Gardens, Hot Houses, Graperies, and Fineries; with the
Moor House lind Gardens, which is a comfortable Family House,
and fit kola Respectable Family.
Attached to the Mansion and Park, are the Moor Farms, Astia
Lodge, Sandy Lodge, Norwood, Hume Farm (in hand). Stocker's,
Brightwell's, and Tuipit, with their respective Farm knees and
nunteroas Outbuildings, Erected and -Finished at a considerable
expence; in the several Occupations of Messrs. Taylor, Buckmaster,
White, Hone, and others, Tenants at Will.
Also, FRENCH GROVE AND LOCK HILL WOODS,
containing together
TWO THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED ACRES,
Forming altogether one of the most complete Properties in the
Kingdom.
Together with the very valuable MANOR of RICKMAN&
WORTH, with Is Fines, kleriots, Courts Lest and Baron;
view of Frank Pledge, Quit Rents, Tolls of Market, Free Warren,
aid extensive Rights of Fishery.
The PARK is abundantly stocked with floe Deer, and the whole
Estate with Game of all sorts, and some of the finest Fishing in the
Kingdom; a Flower Garden and Pleasure Grounds, stocked with
rare Plants, containing nearly
SIX ACRES,
In which is erected a StoneTemple,of the lonicOrder of Architecture.
A beautiful Ornamental Stone-built CONSERVAYORY, of
the Tukan Order, with a Court Yard, surrounded by Stone-built
Stables, Coach Houses, and Apartments.
There are Four Entrances to the Park, with Lodges and Game..
keeper's Cottage.
The Splendid Furniture and fitments of the Mansion may be
taken at a fair valuation.
N.B. The remainder of the Estates and Farms connected with
Moor Park, ace. containing nearly
THREE THOUSAND ACRES,
Will be Sold at the same time, in Twenty-three Lots.
The Mansion and Grounds can only be viewed by Tickets • to
he bad of Mr. Hoggart, Old Bread-street. Printed Particulars
will be ready twenty-one days prior to the Sale, and may be had of
John Lane, Esq. Solicitor Goldsmiths' Hall; of Mr. Taylor,
Moor House Farm, who will direct persons to skew the Linde; am
the Essex Arms, Watford; at the Mars; and of Mr. Hogprt, 62,
Old Broad-street, Biqa! Exchange ; where plans, &c. may be sees.

" Domus et platens uxor."—Hon.
Thy house, and (in the cup of life,
That honey-drop) thy pleasing wife.
HAPPINESS the gay to•morrow of the mind" is
insured by marriage ; the strictest tie of perpetual Fries&
ship," is a gift fromHeavea, cementing plrasure with reason, by
which, stys Johnson, "we approach in some degree of association,
with celestial intelligence."

Previous, howev;r, to entering into this hallowed obligation, it
becomes an imperative duty, not only to regulate the passions' but
to cleanse the grosser nature from those impurities which the free.
dom of unrestricted pleasure may have entailed upon it. To the
neglect of such attention, are attributable many of those hapless
instances which, while they excite the commiseration of the be-
holder, should also impress him with the fear of self-reproach.
Luxurious habits will effeminlze the body—a residence in the
tropics will relax the elastic fibre—but more especially does the
premature infatuation of youth too frequently compromise the na-
tural dignity into a state of inanition, from whence the agonised
sufferer more than doubts the chance of relief. To an such then,
we address ourselves, offering hope, energy, muscular strength,
felicity; nor will our advances appear questionable sanctioned as
they are by the multiplied proofs of 20 years' successful experience.
The easy cares of married life are sometimes disturbed by the
suspension of those blessings which concentrate the nuptial wreath
—for the female habit is often constitutionally weak—yet it can be
strengthened, and deficient energy improved into functional pewee;
In every case of syphilitic intnisiorb as well as in wary relaxation
of the generative economy, we pledge our abilky.t. our epesdNy
and with effect. Earnestly solicitous to expel*,
Mpy
from the position so presumptuously taken up, we from
general principles with less hesitation ; and unlidont in oar ewe
honourable integrity as Members of the Campo WBergson* we
refer the suffering community of either Sex ( these so4ring
into matrimonial life) at *auto our boon, y atiendises
is given for personal consultation; and letters free the moony art
immediately answered; then moat COllll2lO a raIIeNINICO for Advice
and Medicine, which can be forwarded to any pan et the world,
however distant.

GM and Co. M.B.C. Surgeons,
Na 11, Bouverie-street, Fleet-6u 5e1.1,466a.

,r

• •
Z'r '

I

.

p

SSCRET SOC

IN RUSSIA.

\

. -
'IMPORT Of TIDE COISIIISION Sig ENIQUINY ESTABLISHED.
AT ST. PETERSSUILOWTH CONSEQUENCE OF THE EVENTS
OF THE 25/11 OF DECEMBER, 1825.
(Coschukd from our Paper of Friday).
Amongtheeonspirarors; Steinhall was one .of those
who leaft infattiated. Accordingly, Reylieff said
to him, " They wish for democracy ; but it is impos-
sible, it is folly. We for our part %sib!) for a limited
monarchy." On the other hand, the same Reylieff pre-
tended, that in monarchies there could be no great chko.,
racters; that no goad governments existed but in Ame
rica ; that all Europe grooved in slavery, and that Rus-
sia would give an example of freedom. Ott the other
hand, he pretends he did not know with certainty, the
resolution of the Southern Society, to destroy the Em-
peror and his family; that he did in fact consider the
g. vermeil of the United States of America as prefer.
able to all others; but that his intention was to preserve
monarchical forms for a time in Russia ; that he would
only have divided it into great provinces similar to the
States of the American federation, and to the question,
" What shall we do if the Emperor do ant accept out
conditions?" he answered, " Could he not be trans-
ported?" This opinion receiving the concurrence of the
Tingle iders„ he had been personally charged to pre
pare means for employing the fleet at Cronstadt for
that pprpose.
Tile death of the Emperor Alexander only served to
shew the impotence of the conspirators. Having learnt
this event at the same time with the existence of the
Manifesto which fixed the succession of the Throne, and
the taking of the oath of fidelity to the Grand Duke
Constantine, they did not conceal in their meetings the
deers regret they felt. Balenkoff said on this subject,
" The opportunity which has escaped t will not present'
, itself again for fifty years; if therehad been good heads
in the Council of Stre, Russia would this day have,
taken an oath of fidelity at once to a new Sovereign
and to new laws. Now all is lost for us, and beyond;
recovery." Fears were soon entertained of the d:ssolu-,
ticn of the Society ; but the intelligence, that Constan-
tine persisted in not accepting the Crown, reanimated
the tripes of the conspirators. They flattered themselves
with the hope of being able to deceive the troops and
the people, by persuading them that the Grand Duke
bad not renounced the Crown, to excite them to sedition
Under this pretext, and thus to overturn the established
Government and system. In short, the factious were to
profit by this opportunity.
1. To establish a provisionary goveniment, which would have
ordered in the provinces the formation of Chambers charged with
electing Deputies.
. To labour for the formation of two Legislative Chambers,
one of which, the Upper Chamber, was to b.: composed of perma-
nent members.
3. To use for the execution of this design such of the troops as
should refuse to take the oath to your Majesty.
Afterwards they wets to proceed to the formation of
Chambers in the provinces, who would have constituted
so many local legis-atures, to the change of the military
colonies into national guards, to giving up the citadel
of-St. Petersburgh into the hands of the Municipality.
This citadel, Balenkoff, for this reason, has called the
Palladium of the Russian Liberties, and in it were to be
placed the municipal council and the civic guard,
. agreeably to the proclamation of the independence of
the Universities of Moscow, Dorpar, and Wilna.
According to another plan developed to Balenkoff,
the conspirators were to separate, some proclaiming the
Grand Duke Con tantine, and others your Majesty;
and if the balance had inclined in favour of the first, it
would have been necessary either that your Majesty
should consent to a Change in the public institutions,
and to the establishment of a provisionary government,
or that you should defer your accession to the throne,
and then the conspirators, declaring that your delay
was an abdication, were to proclaim the Grand Duke
Alexander your heir.
On the other hand, Balenkoff presumed that, at.the
time of the revolutionary explosion, an attempt would
be made on the life of your Majesty, and Reylieff had
said, on this subject, to Katiersky, embracing him,
44 My dear friend, you are alone in the world; you ought
to sacrifice yourself for society ; assassinate the Em-
peror." At the same instant the other conspirators had
seized him in their arms, and he had promised to obey.
He wished to penetrate into tke palace in the disguise
of an officer of grenadiers; or to wait upon one of the
steps for the passing of your 'Majesty ; but he after-
wards found the project was impracticable, which the
other conspirators also assented to.
Some of the conspirators advised them to confine
themselves to arresting your 1%1 •jesty, and all your
august family. This question gave rise to discussion,
which Reylieff terminated by saying, that circumstances
would show what it would be necessary to do. They
knew that the manifesto of your Majesty; on your acces-
sion; was to appear on the 14th December. That day
'was to serve aS a signal to tire conspirators. It was re-
solved to lead -the soldiers to revolt, by manifesting
doubts concerning the resignation of the Governor and
tkuke Constantine to collect before the Palace all the
Voons that.should be. gained over, and there to wait
the /miller measures of the Government. It was thought
that your Majesty, far from employing force against the
rebeli would immediately resume the rights of sove-
:.
reigoty, or would have entered into negociations with
the insurgents, who would then have demanded-1.
That deputies from all the Governments should be as-
sembled. 2. That a matrifesto should be published by
the Senate, announcing. that the Deputies o ere to vote
for certain laws. 3. Thai, in the meantime, a new
Provisionary Government should be established, to
which Deputies from the kingdom of Poland should
be invited, in order to adopt such means as might be'
necessary for the preservation of the unity of the State.
If your Majesty took the resolution to send for the
Grand Dtrke Constantine to St. Petersburgh, the con-
s*g:it ators would have required that a cantonment should
be assigned to t 1 err! out of the city, to encamp there,
re,:withstanding the winter, and to w sit for his Imperial
flightless; but they would still have insisted upon the
convocation of the Deputies, whether to supplicate the
Grand Duke to accept the Crown or to take a solemn
oath to your Majesty. In short, if the Grand Duke
Constantine art ived at St. Petersburgh, they hoped to
roake his Imperial Highness believe, that this iiisur-
. Tection was enly in cc nsequerce of the attachment
10hich they bore to his person. Such w..s the plan which
*conspirators communicated to each other, according
t 9 PI ince 'tionbeizkoy ; but by admitting the deposi-
- tibtris6l the other accomplices, it would be necessary to
, snake J..; undergo many modifications.
Thio. plait was ti be exe.:uted on the 14th December,
' rota- otr the 13th no doubts were yet ..vimert,nned of its,
ktiscess. lice Ba'on de S.;:inhull had already begun to
;haw titre manifesto, which sated that the two Grand
-Dukes, hiving renounced the glorious part of- fathers

of their country, it was fist to appoint a Soveteign, that
the Senate cleated a genelsit convocation of the De-
puties nEt'..e Empite, and in thekterval a provisionary
Government.
Meanwhile, the nearer that the moment approached,
more inspatience_did the conspitsinis display, and the
more itresolution, the more remorse and fear was mani-
fested by their Chief. In spite, notwithstanding, of the
uncertainty and terror which agitated him, it was
agreed that he should, on the morrow, proceed to the
place of the Senate, to put himself at the head of the
troops who refused to take the oath ; but the two Chiefs
who had been named to act under his orders had con-
certed together not to be found on the spot ; the one,
because being but newly initiated to the conspiracy, he
did not comprehend' the utility of it; the other, because
the greater number of the Chiefs appeared to him ob-
jects of suspicion.•

In order to-commence their operations, Reyhef sent
to the quarters of the Battalions of the Marine, for the
purpose of gaining over their officers, who, after long
resisting, at length came to the sudden resolution of
participating in the insurrection, and the sailors, led
astray by their officers, refused to take the oath. Gen.
Schipoff, who was charged to impose it,. caused the
Captains of Companies to be arrested, who were, how-
ever, speedily released by some of the conspirators. At
that moment these words were pronounced, " Do you
hear those volleys? These are our comrades whom they
are assassinating." At these words the Battalion sprung
out of their Barracks, and while on their march they met
a Lieutenant of one of the Finland Regiments, who
cried out, 44 Form a square against the cavalry 1"
In the regiment of Moscow the rebellion had com-
menced at an earlier hour: Prince Stchapine, after
having animated his soldiers by his harangues, com-
manded them to take ball cartridges, and to load their
muskets, to take away the colours of the grenadiers, and
,to drive them back with the stocks of their pieces. He
himself struck General Fredericks, and wounded him
on the head ; he struck Major Schenschin repeatedly
with his sword, and several other officers and petty
officers; at length he succeeded in seizing the standard,
and in putting the companies in motion towards the
Place du Senat. This conspirator, notwithstanding the
violence of his conduct, had already begun to feel re-
morse, and in the morning, when getting up, he ad-
dressed the following prayer to GOD :---" 0 GOD, if our
enterprise is just, grant us thy aid ; if not, let thy
will be done." Means nearly similar produced re-
volt in the regiment of Grenadiers of the Body Guard,
who joined the companies brought on by Stchapine.—
Several individuals, dressed in trock-coats, armed with
poignards, pistols, and sabres, mingled in the ranks.
Meanwhile the measures taken speedily checked the
progress of the revolt ; anarchy already pervaded the
ranks of the rebels, though the most violent continued
to signalize themselves by assassination.. It has been
proved that it was Kaheosky who mortally wounded
General Miloradovitch, whom Prince Obolensky also
stabbed with a bayonet. Kahoosky, after having in a
similar way killed Colonel Starter, threw away his pistol,
exclaiming, "'cis enough, I have two of them on my
conscience." It was Prince Stchapine who first gave
orders to fire. A Colonel and a number of men were
wounded, and William Kocchelbeker was daring enough-
to point his pistol against the Archduke Michael, but
some of the sailors laid hold of his arm.

In the mean time, the conspirators who•ewere to as-'
semble at the rendezvous, is order to take tfoosmand of
the trcops, Boulaloff cameos a mere spettator; Yakou-
bovitch appeared only for a moment ; and Prince Trott.
betzkoy came in a great hurry, and took the oath to
your Majesty, thus flattering himself to wipe out a part
of his criminality. Having done this he took sham% in
the house of the Austrian Ambassador, his brother-in,
law, when he was demanded by Count Nesselrode, by
order of your Majesty. Finally, Balenkoff hastened to
take the oath without farther thought of the reforms of
the State, nor of the glory of becoming one of the Chiefs
of the Government, and thirsting after nothing but the
speedy arrest of the rebels. All the other individuals,
who, more or less had shared in the rebellion, recipro-
cally denounced each other, and thus were speedily
made known to the Commission. When arrested,
and questioned, some spontaneously pleaded guilty,
and, among others, Colonel Boulatoff, who was
furious when he learned that his name had been
used in order to seduce his regiment to its ruin—the
idea that all the soldiers of this regiment, who were
found in the Place du Sencd should be put to death, had
affected his reason, and he said in a letter to the Grand
Duke Michael, 41 Whoever sees my name at the foot of
the oath, sees there the name of a villain." By and by
the furious passions, which agitated him, by degrees
subsided ; Boulatoff vas not a villain, at least he
was not hardened in crime, and up to the moment
when he died, of a malady of long standing, he
ceased not to be tortured by the remembrance of his
horrible design. lie endeavoured to appease his re-
morse by frank avowals of his guilt; and, in dying,
committed, with confidence, his children to the care of
the Sovereign whose assassination he had plotted.
By mid-day the arrest of the ptincipal conspirators
was effected, according to the orders brought from
Taganrok, and provoked by the denunciations of C iptain
Mayorporda. Although Pestel had promised to make
no confession, he avowed every thing, and named his
accomplices, who were sent to St. Petersburgh, at the
request of the Commission. The trophies of Vasselkef
sprung out of the arrest of the brothers Mouravieff, who
not being guarded with sufficient care, were set at liberty
(hiking the night. committed to some officers who be.
loffged to the .Society of Sciavonians, they conceived the
project of stirring up to mutiny the regiment of Tcher.
nigoff. This project, which was actually attempted to
be executed, was knocked on the head by a detachment
of the Hussars, of Gmeral Geismas, and the whole of
the conspirators were either given up by the men, or shot
during the action. Having now pointed 3ut the views
and the acts of these seditious associations, it remains only
tor the Commission to call the attention of your Majesty
to the part winch individuals, interrogated in the '
course of this question, have taken in the conspiracy.
—The Commission has endeavoured, in separate notices,
to establish, with scrupulous exactitude, their degree of,
culpability. These notices, with all the documents,
more or less impoi tarn, relating to this matter, accom-
pany the present report, which has the honour of bring-
ing them under the eye; of your Majesty.

(Signed) TATCHICHEFF, President Minister of War'.
TI IC MEI.. Grind Alaster of ;lie Artillery.
G A 1.1.1TZ I N. Acting Privy Councillor. •
COLON ITSCII SFr KU I'OUSOF, Aide-de.
Camp General, Military Governorot St. retera-
burgh.
CZEIINICH EFF,
BEN KEN DOI:,
I.EVACHRF, Aides-de-Capip General. •
rATEPOF, • •
