FREEtTOLD ESTATES BILL.

Earl GREY mowed the second reading of the Free-
hold Estates 11111, for rendering the real Estates of
persons dying indebted liable, in default of personal
assets, fur then simple contract debts. His Lordship
urged the expediency of this measure on the general
grounds of justice towards creditors, and more espe-
cially with regard to trustees of the personal pro.
petty of infants, making use of that property for the
purchase of estates for their own use, and against the
inheritors, which estates the deceased trustees having
made no provision by will, the infants, although per-
haps by this freed reduced to indigence and distress,
had no remedy. With regard to the objections made
on former occasions, that such a measure would
throw all the landed property of the country into the
Court of Chancery—that estates could not be sold by
those succeeding to them witle..ett a decree in equity;
and that it would tend .tre alter the whole system of
landed property, which the law had fenced round
1 with so mItlY securities, his Lordship argued. that
Ito inconvenience had been felt, nor had any obstacle
to the sale of estates arisen from their being affected
by specialty debts ; and As by this Bill simple contract
debts were to be merely put upon the footing of spe-
cialty debts, there was no reason to believe That any
inconvenience whatever would arise from such a pro-
; and also that there was no foundation in rea-
lity for the objxtion that the system of lauded pro-
perty would be materially altered by this measure,
the objection itself not being derived from a true
view of our system of legislation as affecting landed
property. Another objnetion made to the measure
was, that is did not go tar enough—that it ought to
extend to copyholds as well as freeholds. This might
be a proper subject for future consideration, but it
formed no just ground for rejecting the Bill as it stood.
The Act for making the freehold estates of persons
who during their lives were subject to the bankruptcy
laws, assets at their death for the payment of their
simple contract debts, had been in active operation
fur several years, and no inconveniences had resulted
from it, nor were any to be. apprehended from the
measure which he had the honour to propose. The
Noble Earl concluded by moving that the Bill be
read a second time.
Lord RE DESDALE contended, that none of the
former objections which existed to this measure had
been removed ; and that if it were adopted, it would
eventually alter the possession of landed.praperty in
a way that would be must injurious to the Constitu-
tion. He snored as an amendment, that the Bill be
reed a second time that day three months.
The amendment was agreed to without a division-
The other Bills on the table were forwarded in their
respective singes, and the House adjourned.
'lire following Protest against the rejection of the
Freehold Estate Bill, was entered on the Journals :
" Because it is highly luespwlient and unjust that persons who
have contracted debts, and have the means of paying them, shookd
be allowed at thok deaths to transmit to their twiner to theirde-
visees the secure enjoyment of their property, while by the non.,
performance of their engagements theft essathilled credifOn may
be reduced to bankruptcy and ruin; and this ',justice is the more
flagraut in the cue of a trustee, who. hawing employed the mosey
entrusted to him in the purchase areal awes, may transmit to
ISIS representatives the fruits of his violated trust, whilst the or-
phans or others whom Ws conduct may have redoodte foilsman
are left without remedy or resource. (Signed) " Our."
• HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. CURWEN prorated Petition, front Wank sad three
other Townships in the North Riding of Yorkshire, allgrol
of the present system of charging the Poor Ratei, by the
great Worthen-of maintaining rue Your was throws oaths Leaded
bitereen, to the tachisiun of the Mine Proprietors.
The !Nation bobs been rad, gm a hw obsetadisi

Mr. CANNING presented a Petition hots the Journeymen
Stone Bolls-makers, against the /dill for imposing a u.:w duty on
Stone Boules.—Ordered to lie on the Table.
A Mestage from the Lords announced their Lordships' assent
to the Alien Bill, with Amendments, and to several °dux Bills,
fur which see the Lords. •
Sir F. BUKDISfT presented a Petition from Mr. Mallison,
the Inventor of the Lite Preservers, to save Mariners hom
Drowning. Ordered to lie on the Table.
Mr. BENNET!' wished to know if the Noble Lord (Lord
Castlereagh) proposed taking into consideration the Amend-
ments made by the Lords to the Alien Bill to-morrow.
Lord CAS' LLREAGH answered in the affirmative.
SLAVES l/sT THE WEST INDIES.
Mr. WILBERFORCE rose on the present occa-
sion to correct the misrepresentations which had gone
abroad touching his conduct ; and while endeavour.
ing to remove these misconceptions which had arisen
in the minds cf many people, it would be necessary
for him to remind the House of stetenients formerly
made in that House by persens of much greater im-
portance tl.an himself, who were now no more. He
had ao object in view but to perfoi m what ne consi
dered to be a sacred duty. Mc was going to state,
as inoffensively as he could, the ouligations that
House was under to cart y into effect the Act for
abolishing the Shire Trade, which some years ago
received the sanction of a large majority of its Mem-
bers, and doing this, he should have to describe the
present condition of a large portion of the population
of our West India Islands. Those to whom he al-
luded, notwithstanding tome persons Viewed them
but as strangers, foreigners, and barbarians, were
still British subjects, and it was our duty to do all
we could fo: their comfort in their present situation,
and he had only to regret that gieater blessings still
than any he could hope they would be allowed to
patticipete in, under existing circumstances, could
not be secured to them. He was anxious, above
all, that Gentlemen in that House would not think
it beneath them to provide for the comfort of those to
whose toils this country owed all the riches, power,
and greatness derived from our West India posses-
sions. He was anxious that the real state of the
slaves, whom it had been our policy for two or three
centuries to transfer to the Western hemisphere, for
our own aggrandisement, should be known. He en-
treated the House not to shut their eyes to the real
state of the case—he wished thein to take into their
consideration—slavery and human nature. These
words were sufficient to prepare them for all that
was to follow. The unfortunate persons of whom he
bad spoken, were exposed to every thirtg that could
exasperate the human mind, as the unhappy. beings
were made the objects of degradation and contempt.
He believed many proprietors of slaves were men of
benevolence, but their benevolence tcx?k a very diffe-
rent character when excited for distressed objects in
this country from that which belonged to it when its
attention was directed to the sorrows ot those labour-
ing for them in another hemisphere, at a distance of
four or five thousand miles. These afflicted petscns,
governed by interior agents, did not experience that
consideration which they might hope from the pre-
sence of their owners. The consequence ot this was,
they were Less profitable than they would otherwise
be, for it was an eternal moral law of the ALMIGHTY,
that where great evils were inflicted, they did not
merely affect the immediate sufferer, but invariably
extended in some way to those with whom they ori-
ginated. Notwithstanding the reports made to the
contrary, by those who could not Icok into the inter-,
nal state of the plantations, but who pronounced on ,
them, as a traveller might report on the suite of a
town, from its appearance on a fine day, from facts'
and experience it was known the present condition of
slaves in the West Indies was deplorable in the ex-
treme. It was the bounden duty of Parliament to
endeavour to increase their comforts. Negroes, in
awry part of, the world, were remarkably prolific.—
That they were not so in our West India Islands, he
ascribed Si the treatment they received. Even in JA-
getica, where they were used much better than in
ions of the other islands, numbers of theta were lost

every year from being over-worked, ul.ier.fed, or •
from being subjected to other hardships. The qt.
tem,of sending nut persons to govern them whn were
to exact from the slaves the rrereimine of lelotir, and
ro do this at the minimum of expense, caused the
Negroes to suite- muds, as the persons.set over them
were compelled to try to raise a large crop at a small
expense ; since, it they did the reverse if this, the
consequence was, they lost their sinietions and could
not get others. He complained diet when persons
talked of4eing Negroes they generally spoke of
their food to d Ind ing— they spoke of them as in des
.country we talked of feeling and working cattle, and
did not reginel them as their fellow creatiees. This
language, livid by those who defended the present
system, glade for his argument-, an.; peered the de-
gradation to which the unforttinate Negroes wore snb-
jected in our West India ISl4rltil, whereteey ware wor-
ked ander the whip, not merely The faults
they committed, but worked under it like c.ittle.—
If it were necessary, he might mention many instances
to prove that the natural dispositions of the objects
of his concern
,were well worth cultivating—that the
Negro character was distinguished by the bat affec-
tions of the human heart—that these dispositions were
proved by acts which would do credit to any indivi-
duals of any country. But there was one argument
• which would be revived against the measure of Re-
gistration, which had formerly been always made use
of against the advocates for the abolition, and to
which it would be necessary for him to call the at-
tention of the House. When arguing in favour of
the Abolition of the Slave Trade, he had often beau
asked what he meant to do with the Slaves in the
West Indies—did he mean to continue them in the
same miserable condition in which they then were
To this the answer had always been —Ne. And
there were some who went even farther than, merely
replying in the negative ; -and, in perticul•ir, one
great man had so fir turned his great mind to this
question, as to lay before the House the patticulars
of a plan for amt.:it-luting the condition of the Slaves
in the West ledies, by which he hoped to reform the
abuses which then existed. as to the treatment of
Slaves. This plan embraced t'.e esoblishment of
Schools in all the Colonies, for the insttuction el the
Slaves—the division of the Islands into ceitaiti di.
stiicts—the appoilltrucnt of persinis in each of those .
districts to superintend the Slaves, for the put Foie of
examining how they were treated—that twice a year
there should be a general inspection of the state of
the Slimes throughout every Island, and that some
of the most promising negro children should he sent
to Great Britain to be educated, and to he sent back
to the West Indies when they were thoronghty edu-
cated. These were some of the heads tif Mr. Burke's
plan; which, however, had been rej e:ted by the
House. In 1792 it was also proposed by Lord Mel•
that all the Negroes born in the Colonies after
the year 1600, should be born tree. And yet, after
uch propos uls had been made to the House, they
were now obliged to contend egaiest a strong oppo-
sition to the Iteg4try Biil. But at the t!me w:,ert
these plans had been proposed, the great object for
which they were contending was the Abolition, and
it was CO ebtaining it that all their efforts were ex-
elusively directed ; because it was the greatest and
most efficient measure, and therefore they would
lave been content to obtain it at a time when
' greater and bolder measures were proposed. What
he now chiefly regretted was, that the abolition had
not been immediately followed up by the Registry.
But then it was a little too hard, when they had pre.
(erred the Abolition as the most important object in
the first instance—when to attain it they had for the
time rejected the niiimni.s of the plans of Mr. Burke
and Lord Melville—after all this, it was a little too
much to rail at those who now broterea forward the
e
measure of Registry, as if it were the truest extrava.
gent, the most absurd, the most mischievous and
Idangerous measure ever brought before the conside-
ration of Parliament.—(Hear, hear.)— It was said
they wished for the emancipation of all the Negroes
in the Colonies. Now upon this he begged to call
the attention of the House to the real facts, and once
Finore to state his sentiments on this subject, if pos-
sible to rescue them from snisrepresentation. Ot all
those who had advocated the cause of Abolition,
there was not one who had not repeatedly declared
that he wished to succeed, because the Abolition
would be the means of improving the condition of
the Slaves—of alleviating their miseries—of im-
proving them so much, that in after times, by pro-
gressive steps, the West Indies might be Cultivated
by a free and happy Negro Peasantry.—(Hear,
hear.)—Still, the great cry against them, since 1738,
was, that they wished to melte all the Staves tree.
And yet so tar was this from being the case, that they
thought the'negroes incapable ef liberty ; it would
be insanity to innancirate them—(Hear, hear.)-130t
then they might Le gradually improved to such a
state, that in tune they might be susceptible of free-
dom. This part oh the subject naturally led him to
another, ivhich it was very painful for him to touch
upon ; and the concern which he telt in alluding to
it was mingled with much surprize. What he mean:
WAS the imputation that the Registry Bill was the
cause of the late insurrection among the slaves-
-(Hear, hear.)—He really should have thought it
impossible for any rational man gravely to assert
this; and he would tell. the Home ashy. 'Moses& lice
deserted that the advocates for the abolition wished
to wake the slaves free, did not confine themselves to
essetting it in this House, but they said so elsewhere;
—they did more—they printed and circulated these
asoitigns in the West India islands—(Near, hear).
—They were printed in all the West India netts.
papers. This *tact Was quite enough to .hew the
cause to which these lamentable effects were to be
traced. He held in his hand, letters written front
the West India Islands since the insurrection, and
from persons of the most iespectlble character. He
then read an extract from a letter written by a Gen•
tleman in the island of herbadoes, dated a week be.
fore the insurrectiou broke out, iii winch the wrum

called, that such was the violence and iatemperance
with which the Planters in that Island spoke a nst
Ve Registry Bill, even in the presence of their
that it would be astonishing it the state of irri 'don
in which the minds of the negroes were thus kept,
that it would be astonishing if some explosion did not
take place. He must not mention the name of the
Gentleman who wrote this letter, as it might not be
very sate to do so, c.onsidering the conduct of the
opposers of this measure—( Near, hear.)— He. quoted
other letters from the same island, in which it was
stated, that, from the violent and intemperate lan-
guage of the Planters, the Negroes were impressed
with a belief that Parliament had passed some law
for their benefit, with which the Colonists refused to

comply t that this, feeling bad come to such a height
that the Negroes crowded round every packet that
reaci.ed Barbadoti, and the writers predicted, that
hem the violence of tkeir feelings, and the frequency
of their disappointments, some dreadful disturbance,
via; to be apprehended. All this was written before;
the insurrection broke out. There were other state.
meats contained in letters of a later date, which were
not so much in the form of prediction, and they all
concurred in saying, that if this Regiitry Bill bad
been spoken of by the Planters in a more temperate
manner, all that agitation which was excited among
the Negroes might have been prevented. After all
those statements it surely was too much for the most
patient man to bear without emotion, that this insur-
rection was to be imputed to the conduct of those:
who brought forward and supported the Registry
Bill, and that this too should be said after the explo-
sion had taken place—when the Negroes had been
. wrought up tp this desperate act by those printed
statements which the opposers of the Bill had circu-
lated in the West Indies—when the piece which they
had overloaded against the advocates of the measure
had burst against themselves. If he bad at all sac-
ceeded in explaining the nature of the Registry Bill,
it would be agreed that there could be nothing more
innocent ; but if the insurrection was to be attributed
to his explanations--if it was to be supposed that the
disturbance would be increased by Parliament agree-
ing to such a measure, this House might AS well at
once shut up its doors, and resign its functions. But
were such assertions to be endured ? When a tumult
was some years ago excited in the metropolis by the
committal of certain persons by this House, on which
occasion several lives had heelt lost, were the lives of
the unfortunate victims on that occas'on to be charged
on the resolution of the House ? On a more recent
occa►ion too, when riots took place during the pro-
gress of the Corn Bill, were the lives lost on that oc-
casion to be charged on the House for passing the
Bill? And still more recently, were those distur-
bances in different parts of the c ountry, which bad
only just subsided, to be imputed to the arguments
of those, who, during the discussions in this House
on the distresses of the people, had inlarged on the
evils they were suffering, and on the necessity of a re.
medy ? But it the Members of the House did their
duty without attending to such imputations, they might
lay their hands on their hearts and remain satisfied as'
to any result. As for such accusations, he hoped he
bad shewn clearly that they ought to be utterly dis-
regarded ; and especially in the present case they
might, say, " We are innocent of the blood of these
unhappy persons—see ye to it." If it were necessary
to go any farther into this most distressing part of
the subject, he might prove very satisfactorily to the
House that there were some circumstances in the
situation of Barbadnes—(he hoped nobody would
insert in the Jamaica newspapers what he was going
to say)—(hoar, hear, and a bough,.) that the condition
of the negro population of that island was such as
might account for the insurrection. There was a
particular class of those who in that island were
placed over the slaves, whose conduct towards them
was such as was most likely to gall and oppress these
unfortunate blacks. Of all the Colonies, it was the
one in which the treatment of the negro slaves was
such as to be likely at length to provoke them to
some desperate insurrection. But he would go no
'farther into this painful subject; indeed he had gone
into it at greater length than he wished or intended.
At one time, his intention was to have gone into it
much more fully, and even to have moved that cer-
tain papers should be laid before the House, to shew
what was the condition of the slaves in that island ;
but on more mature consideration be was induced to
abandon this design, because he thought its tendency
would be rather to inflame those feelings which ought
to be repressed t and moreover, there were papers
already printed, which had been presented to the
House last Session, and to which recourse might still
be had, which would go fir enongh to corroborate
his statement as to the general condition of the slaves
in Barbadoes. As to the more immediate question
of Registry, the measure was one which was abso-
lutelf necessary to give efficiency and securi' y to the
abolition of the Slave Trade ; in short, it was a mea-
sure not only desirable, but absolutely indispensible.
What made it particularly necessary, was the extent
to which smuggling of slaves had been carried ; and
thfs was an evil which could never be thoroughly
eradicated except by means of a Registry; indeed its
existence and the extent to which it was carried, was
the chief argument for the measure. To prove the
extent to which smuggling of slaves was carried, es-
pecially in the smaller West India islands, he might
adduce the evidence of all the Naval Officers who
bad served on the West India station. Nay, a still
snore conclusive authority might be produced to
prove the fact—no less than the House of Assembly
of Jamaica—(Hear, bear, hear,)—for they had urged
that it would be impossible, even wish the assistance
of a strong army, to prevent smuggling. Now, as
to the conduct of the House of Assembly with re-
ference to this point, he must beg leave to say a few
wor.ls. He had been happy enough to live to see a
greater number of advocates for the abolition of the
slave Trade than he could at one time have ever ex-
pected. Huhad seen in the ranks of these advocates,
persons who, from early prejudices or notions of in-
men, were the last si horn he could expect to come
forwaed in such a cause. But what was most mira-
culous of all was to fi?d that the very Legislaruie of
the West India Colonies came fohrard as the most
strenuous of those advocates—nay, expressing the
most indignant surprise—the utmost horror—that
it should be suspected they were capable of coop-
tenancing the smuggling of slaves—(Hear, dear.)—
it was a common saying, that excessive zeal in a
young convert was Mal to be suspected ; and he

must confess that his feeling with respect tO the House
of Assembly was formed entirely on this nation.-•,
If he had seen them express in their Report a sod of
Id; wing acquiescence in the law easing a 'lisp&
sitioit to conform to its enact it seeming to do
so with reluctance, it would 'have been a different
thing. But when he found that they wale forward
by expressing in their Report such extraordinary zeal
and alacrity. and express such singular indignation
that it should be insinuated that smuggling was car-
ried on; and when at the same time he examined
the state of the facts, his suspicions of their sincerity
were very great. There were so many statements and
proofs of smuggling being carried on in the smaller
islands, that the fact was incontrovertible. Then it
was proved by the returns that the negro population
in the different West India Islands had, for the fif-
teen years previous to 1808, been gradually decreas-
ing; whereas, since that period, contrary to the ex-
perience of the preceding fifteen years, there was an
increase; this must appear a very strong fact. There
were, too, many corroborate facts, in addition to this
strong presumptive proof. Immediately after notice
was given that a Bill was to be introduced to enact,
that the offence of trading in slaves was to be a felo:
ny, the negro pepulatioa increased in an amazing
proportion ; and this could easily be accounted tor,
because the in.portation of slaves being then about to
become more difficult, from the operation of the bill,
of which notice had been given, it was oecessary to
make the best use of the period which elapsed before
the law was passed. But then was one tact very im-
portant, as affecting the construction which niust be
put upon the zeal of the House of Assembly, as ex-
pressed in their Report, which woittd slice. at once
how much theirs:eel was to be suspected. Ile alluded
to the manner in which it was attempted to cast a
doubt on the accuracy of the returns of population in
those years during which the greatest increase ap-
peared, and the way in which they `endeavoured to
excite this doubt. was by stating that a poll-tax had
been imposed on negro slaves, and that by its remo.
val, there being no temptation to conceal thr.num:
bur of the slaves, that apparent increase was caused,
which appeared in the returns after the year 11308.-6-
Now when he found upon inquiry that in the year
1811 (one of those in which the greatest increase ap.
peered) the Tax Bill alluded to had actually been
passed, when he found stall a method employed by
the House of Assembly to get rid of suspicion, when
he found them use in their report such ambiguous
language, it was impossible not to feel the strongest
suspicion—suspicion which would be equally excited
by similar conduct in any ordinary tiansaction of
lire. Adding to this, the positive proof of the intro-
duction of slaves to the smaller islands, the House
would see how little the Colonial Legislature was to
be depended upon in this matter. These facts would
also prove, that if it was wished to make the Aboli-
tion of the Slave Trade real and substantial, it would
be absolutely necessary to adopt that measure which
on some future day he intended to propose to the
House.— (Now, hear.)—What then was to become
of the great argument against the Registry Bill,
that it was a measure which ought to be left to the
Colonial Legislature ? Why it was plainly :hewn,
that if that Body was to depended upon for effecting
this service, the House would be completely disap-
pointed. At the same time he did confess, that if
`the Colonial Legislature was really disposed to carry
the measure into effect, there would be nothing more
desirable than that it should be done through them.
There was one other fact to which he could not but
allude, and which would shew how little the Colonial
Legislature was to be depended upon. A few years
before the abolition, that Colonial Legislatate had
been advised, from whence such advice was likely to
have the greatest weight—both by Members in this
i House, and by his Majesty's Government, in the 1
strongest way, to adopt some measures of reform i
with respect to the mode of treating the slaves. It
hail been pressed upon them, that by such a reform
they were likely to get rid of the question of Aboli-
tion. And yet, notwithstanding all this, these repre-
sentations and all advice had been entirely disregarded
by them. One of the measures of reform which had
been particularly recommended to thens at that time
was the attachment of slaves to the sail—to prevent
these unhappy creatures from being sold, removed to
another estate or island, and swept away from the
spot where they might have long lived—where they
had formed connexions and acquired property—spots
which might be endeared to them by a thousand ties.
This was the measure which Mr. Bryan Edwards
had proposed to this House. The House of Assem-
bly, too, in their Report, spoke most plausibly in fa-
vour cf it ; but still they did not take one single step
towards its adoption. All this was surely enough to
shew that ;t was in vain to look for the assistance of
the Colonial Legislature towards the adoption of Re.
gistry. But when he thought on thecuuntry to which
he belonged ; when he recollected who those were
whom he was now addressing; when he knew the
hearts and the heads of those to whom be appealed;
he was sure, that to have the measure adopted, it
was only necessary to bring it forward. He was for-
, getting, however, the great charge brought against
him as to thie measure; be was forgetting the accuse.
tions of methodism and fanaticism.--(Hear, 1~4—
If to feel for the sufferings of fellow-cteatures—it to
I take an interest in their relief—if to strive to amelio.
rate their condition—if these were the symptoms of
fanaticism, then be must admit himself to be an in.
curable lunatic. And, as'with other madmen, when
violence was found to be unavailing, it was recom-
mended to change the mode of treatment to one of
temperance and indulgence.—(Loud tries of hear, hear,
and laugister.) But in estimating his hopes of suc-
cess in attaining his object, he would go still farther
in reckoning on the effects of that great principle
which his opponents vainly sought to discredit; he
I would say that 'it was not only from the natural hu-
' manity, but ftom the religion of the people of Eng.
land that he expected success.—(Lead skate of hoar,
hf:ar, from all as: of As Hews.) There was one as-
lenient used against him, to which"recourse was bid
I in opposing the Abolition of the Slave Trades he was
asked whether he could not find out some other evil
crying as loudly for remedy as the condition of negro
slaves, and much nearer home I He was asked why
he did not apply himself to the distresses of the Irish.
for that they were in poverty and misery—that they
were forced totem their country ? Now he knew the
lash character too well to 'Suppose that they could be
taken in by any shallow compliment such as might
be intended by this argument; nay, he ins ninttiat,.

' great as might be the distresses of the Irish people,
they would feel themselves to be insulted by any
'comparison of their situation with that of the Negro
Slaves in the West Indies.—(Hear, Ater, hear.)—
He recollected the observation of a foreigner upon a
controversy between two persons, whose language he
could not understand, but the foreigner perceiving
that one was angry, said that he was sure the cool
man was triumphant in his reasoning, and he was
convinced that such must be the conclusion of any
cool observer, upon the temper manifested by the
disputants upon this questiou ; for the one was as re-
markable for temperance as the other was for vio•
lence. The one slie,wed no passion, and the other
:hewed no power in argument. It had been stated
by a certain class of men, that great mischief had
been done in the Colonies by the Methodist Missio-
naries, but in answer to this allegation he could quote
the authority of a man, whom the West India Plan-
ters must respect, and from this authority it appeared
that the Moravian Missionaries, who were the most
active, had, as well as the Methodist Missionaries,
done a great deal towards rendering the negroes more
orderly and subservient to the wishes of their em-
ployers. It had been also stated that it was proposed
by the advocates of the negroes to injure the interests
of the Church of England, but he could not help
thinking that those who used this language were just
as anxious for the interest of tl:e Church of England,
as for that of the people of Scotland or Ireland. The
fact, however, was, that the principal Members of
the Church of England, actuated by the genuine
spirit of Christianity, which became them, and must
serve to bless their character, were as anxious as
himself, .or any other man, to struggle in this glo-
rious cause; and among those members were several
of the most distinguished prelates of the Established
Church. Therefore, all the artifices employed by the
enemies of the unfortunate • negroes, who were the
common enemies of humanity, must be unsuccessful.
'Those who sought their interest only in the prosecu.
tion Of a system of imposture and injustice, could
produce no effect upon men of integrity and intellect.
The Hon. Gentleman apologizeclfor having occupied
so much of the time of the House—(loud cries of
Hear, hear,)—but he felt it necessary to enter into the
statements he had made in order to counteract the
disposition of Gentlemen who think rather in favour
of masters than of &laves, and to enable the House
to form a correct opinion upon this interesting ques-
tion. He concluded with moving for a return, with
the titles and dates, of any accounts transmitted by'
the Assembly of Jamaica for the approbation of his
Majesty, as to a poll tax imposed upon slaves in the
years 1809, 10, 11, and 12, whether such accounts
referred to taxation, or to any other purpose, speci-
fying the time or times at which such returns were
directed to be made.

[The Honourable Gentleman sat down amid loud
and continued cheerir.g from all parts of the House.]
Mr. BROUGHAM c. ,nded the Motion.

The question having been put from the Chair.
Mr. NICHOLAS PALMER, said, that, in rising
to follow the Honourable Gentleman who had com-
menced this debate, be was fully conscious of his in-
ability to remove the impression which his eloquence
had, no doubt, produced on the minds of the House.
Nevertheless, he felt it his duty to make a few plain
statements, and he had only to hope that those state-
ments would not lose their weight by the imperfect
manner in which they were iatrodoced. (Hear, hear.)
He was free to confess that the speech of the Hon.
Gentleman had materially altered the course which
he intended to have taken on this occasion. If any
thing was wanting to induce him to think it was un-
becoming in that House to intermeddle with the in-
ternal affairs or the West Indies, it was that Speech,
which he could not but think was calculated to pro-
duce incalculable mischiefs, from the brilliant manner
in which the Honourable Gentleman had depicted
the supposed grievances of the Negroes. He was
satisfied that it the douse was fully informed of the
state of the West Indies, :hat they would find there
was nu just ground for those &fied pictures, and
that no pains had been spared since the Aitoli!iqn of
the Slave Trade to give effect to that measure,
to promote the comfort and happiness of the Negroes,
as well as their religioui instruction. He would
appeal to his Majesty's Government, in fact, whether
upon this latter subject there had been wanting not
predilection, but precaution l--(egar, hear.)—lt was
a well-known tact, that persons had got into the Co-
lonies, and under the sacred name of religion, had
promulgated doctrines of disobedience and insurrec-
tion, in support of which.they had had the audacity
to use the name of the Honourable Gentleman. So
much for the information of cite Honourable Gentle.
man upon this topic. He would now take the liberty
of giving to the House a short view of what the state
of the Colonies was at this moment—and in doing
this he would set out by expressing a hope that no
attempt would ever again be made to introduce to
the House the same Registry Bill which had been
laid on the table in the course of this year. ft was
impossible to describe the agitation winch the discus-
sion of this measure had produced. It had, in fact,;
not alone led to the most serious acts of insurrec-
tion, but it had led to the destruction of a number
of human lives, and to the most dreadful apprehen-
sion of a renewal of similar scenes of horrcr.—
But two years ago the negroes of the colonies would
have laid down their lives for their masters; but such
was the effect of the promulgation of modern doc-
trines in their minds, that they no longer entertained
the isnie feelings of affection,and the white inhabitants
and their families, apprehensive of the consequence
of this dangerous change in their sentiments, had
begun to emigrate, lest they should fall victims to
their mistakeoideas of justice: Having thus stated
,generally the situation of the islands, he would now
call the attention of the House to the particular situa-
tion of the Islands of Jamaica and Barbadoes, where
'the strongest feelings of discontent prevailed among
the negroes, and this feeling he desired to state upon
the best infornaation, which he would be most willing
to communicate to the Honourable Gentleman, was
produced by a set of Anabaptists, who had crept
into the colonies, and who had poisoned the minds
of the negroes by an assurance, that they had a right
to demand their liberty by the laws of England. As
far as he bad been able to .collect, in fact, nothing
was more clear than that the disquietude which did
exist was attributable to the introduction of the Re-
gistry Bill, and the best proof of this was the gauss'
calling out to*the officer to register their names--
NO*ln eoski taco4l the spirit which had taketspes-a

..
session of de nis unhappy men, and one of thm
declared tiefcire his execution, that a conspl
c;"1 s:4
existed, under which it was deter mined to
i),
epd pr proceeded s Jig
reads t.a
the t tt;
slaves a
the whole of the male white Ovulation an,„1.1-"'
serve the fent ales for other purposes. The ft; t°.i.
ableGecnitulearri
it n Gentleman
ip then
l)
newspapers to them, as well as other puti,...;
which their situation was referred to ;
trines cootaintsd in which it was fie atoi'..t.
outrages which had been committed. Am
publications of this description nag ono o„.
gistry of Slavers,
s, and another entitled the .trie.,
Observer, in both of which the slave was in .
sasir,‘'
terms encouraged to fly in the face of his rosisi,
to free himself from bondage, while the cci.,,14r1
Christophe and Potion was mentioned as ,n ad lT
incentive to such conduct. The Hon. Vatican
then proceeded to comment on the orisch;;/ :mt.)
necessarily resulted from the dissemination o: 0,11
doctrines, and to reprobate tl.e activity whicti
African Institution displayed in their ••
He next contrasted the Ell which Mr. It.l dt;
11'1 i•
suggested, in the year 1792. to Lard Gr ;
114
with the Slave Registry Bill, svh:ch 114:!
cently been proposed. Ira the io: mer, he iesrE.,
Mt. Burke had awarded compensation to the'sivre'
owner, in case of emancipation,
and
m "41
conduct the invariable ctiterinn of inanulailio.::—
He even proposed to send persons back to e„.".""
who had been guilty of inbCc•ltaict. 1,,ct0: err
sure could form a stranger contrast to that rots 1
by the Hon. Gentlemau (Mr. i'liltierforce).
was, however, the course taken by Lord
this subject ? Ditl he think it necessary to introdete
such a ?No such thing ;he proposed so address
to his Majesty, expressing a reliance ou the wisdom
ot the Colonial Legislature, for adopting snit reef.
sures as were likely ta promote the safety and security
of the Colonies, and at the same time assuring h:s
Majesty, that it circumstances should arise to tequire
the coniperatis s of Parliament, they would
et all
times be ready to afford it. Such was the course taken
by Lord Melville, and in it lie had the support of
Mr. Fax, who had reprobated in strong terms any
intermeddling with the internal arrangeraeots of the
Colonies as dangerous, and likely to prostate no be. •
neticial result. It any thing was wanting to be added
to these testimonies .against the policy of interferin
with the internal Government of the Colonies, it wai
in the sentiments of Mr. Pitt, who cautioned the
House against any interference with the local authi.
sties of the Colonies. The Hon. Gaatleinan net
proceeded to deny that there was any just fondant);
or that any proof whatever could be adduced of the
Abolition Bill having been infringed, or that these
had been any attempt whatever at .n illicit imprta.
don of slaves into the islands Li fine, he contendd
that any interference on the part of that Howe
with the internal laws of the Colonies, could pro.
duce no good effect, but might, as in the cal" of tl.e
Slave Registry Bill, produce incalculable mischief.—:
lie had no objection to the production of any infor.
mation which could be asked, or which might tend
to throw a light open this subject ; hut he shouid
oppose the motion of the Honourable Gentleman, be.
cause he thought it would only increase the evils
which had already found existence. The Honourable
Gentleman, in conclusion, moved, as an amendment,
the omission of all the words after the word "That'
in the original Resolution, and the insertion of the
following There be presented an bumble Ad.
dress to his Royal Highness the Prince Ilegezt,
praying that he will be pleased to communicate te
the Governors of the several Islands in the West Jr..
dies, his Royal Highness's comm.:cols, th..t they d,
issue Proclamations, annoancing his Royal High.
ness's high displeasure at the daring insurrection it;
the Island of Barbadoes, and a: the false insinuations
which were circulated of his Royal Highanet
having sent orders for the emancipation of the Blacks.
Also, that his ttoyal Highness be requested to sig.
nify his confidence in the Local Authorities of at
Islands, at the' same tone that he directs them to
carry into effect every measure which may tend to
promote the morals and religion, as well as the o.:ta
tort acrd happiness, of the Negroes."
Mr. h ATSON TA YLO it, in a short speech, •g•
touted this amendment, and contended, that the la.
sembly of Jamaica was deserving of every conlitenco
[During this Gentleman's speech the interroptoa
was so great, that Sir CHARLES BURRELL appealed to
the Speaker, and entreated that he would xot his
authority to keep order, and direct his Serjeant, or
his Deputy, to clear the Bar, at which several Mem-
bers were assembled in conversation.—The SPEAKER
immediately directed the Bar to be cleared.]
Mr. BARHAM rose for the purpose of expressing
the strongest feelings of hostility to the Slave Itego-
try Bill, which, he was confident, had led to that
scene of murder and devastation which had recenq
occurred in the West Indies. That Bill, which avid
brought into the House to prevent that which tes
said to exist—and w!lich was proved not to have es•
isted—a contraband trade in slaves—had created the
alarm which pervaded all the West India islands,
and had produced, in one of them, an ingot-icon:Hi
To secure the safety of those Colonies, in
alarm was so prevalent, it was absolutely nrce.,.:47
to disclaim the intention of proceeding farther wit's
a Bill that had produced such mischievous affects.
An amendment had been moved, and lie was sort(
for it, because it did not go far enough, for, he wti
sure, the feelings of the House would have be •a
sufficiently powerful to have carried a much etrr.rigt
measure. The Honourable Gentleman (Mr. W
berforce) had argued, that the conduct ot the colt;•
nists, in misrepresenting this Bill, was the cause if
the troubles. No doubt others would follow him
that course, and attribute to the same cause the
surrection in Barbadoes, and the alarm in all tl
other islands. He was rejoiced, that those whom le
must consider his enemies on this occasion. 11,'d
taken up so un:enable a position. Those Gent C•
men protested, when the Abolition Bill passed, that
that was the last measure they meant to introduce.-e
They forgot this pledge, and the Slave Registry Bill
was passed in consequence. But how was this softened
down ? All they said was, that they did not me an
to attempt emancipation by insurrection. Certainly
they did not. Jf they had encouraged such an at-
tempt, they would have been liable to be tried for
their lives. But, in order to carry the measure of
which he complained, they; in the last Session, nc•
caned the colonists of an infraction of the Abolition
Law.. They failed, however, in proving their car.

So fo, isdeta
it, that they
it contracts tc
mutt be a wh
state ;Iv 0
birro,e,t •n the
avtiottl did nu
that ntisetab:t
sctouns c,f it
I.u/try and e
ir
:Pdisictisrt
iststigidttuietee'oaa:Gsni;e.intialel ne:nniCwiltE:otik)ktplnfilistnieiln,:htyityrnill'ided,l'hbedaly,eeta,uvotnfo:
two ariants.
of a colonist
pea ever so
on a subject
'Why > becau
two. Let a
jodia proprit
fat hos moat
tingle tact 01
Itiavicei•
sow charge
Cole to oui
,leo matte'
ekes disrac
she West In,
(mar, hear)
bad Oren lat
him attend
....(he here
were Memt
them, but
were active
perceiv.4 at
then, bis op
all the whin
get through
nets send Of
man, wot
• from the RI
that tbeir vi
aortal obsers
given by otl
their regins
toaril their
for isemsel,
derried fro
disitualified
nor tongue]
*
tied of
4lf &IT Ma
Bill occatic
would be a
were extort
latter class
would be
But he Wu
rintd, perhal
us body Of
dear upon
kolontal est
Su our pas
`the roomer
•sltbtat,h t
teens n, as
there.
moment ti
the art tval
the red thi
diva
It flapprn
et., ditty tit
and then
!such a ci
from the
strous, to
I%lAutis WI
wh
vAilie of 0
elusion of

c isioned
tion to IT
to be watt
If th4',e
troutte t.
they •wou
tittir owr
kid alon
find that
Shat grin
them as
they wn•
citcumst
of the al
author
retire, ii
rium of
retire, k
had bee
tonne sti
who hai
said, U
