THURSDAY EVENING, Al.tir 13, 1830.

prize, the knowledge, the experience, the courage of the
seamen, can never be produced by the simple establish-
ment of a navy. You cannot employ men, pay them as
highly as you chose, in what is the mere result of hardi-
hood, without their having learnt the hardihood itself—
you can never have a navy without previous commercial
labour, long voyages, sun-burnings, and years of yearn-
ing after far distant homes. This shows more plainly
than any other position that could have been taken, that
free trade measures required to have been well considered
' before they were adopted, for the injury of all the quali-
, ties necessary for a good sailor in the navy would have
speedily followed any considerable injury to the commer-
cial marine of our country. The marine and the naval
wars have commonly maintained a sort of reciprocity with
Great Britain ; but we trust the time is gone, or going,
when nations might urge the necessity of keeping up a
large commercial marine for the sake of defence. The
very reciprocity which Mr. Cambreleng deems best cal-
culated to support the defence of his country, will have
the effect of rendering such defence but seldom, if ever,
called for. Such universal connexion —such a commin-
gling of trade and friendship, good feeling and mutual
advantage, seem likely to be the consequences of the free
trade system, that we are surprised the sovereigns of so
many almost despotic States have adopted it ; for they
may see clearly that it will produce, or at any rate ad-
vance, that state of society when " spears shall be turned
into pruning hooks, and swords into ploughshares, and
when there shall not be war any more."
Mr. Cambreleng says, that by the tariff they assume
" what is never conceded, that restrictions are the best
means of permanently securing cheap commodities."—
This is a point which was not only never conceded, but
which it would be impossible to prove. What was it
caused the prohibition ? If the Americana could have
manufactured cheaper than England, would such a pro-
hibition have been required ? It is plain, then, that the
very principle of restriction is anomalous. It is this : that
A, that is America, has a strong inclination to manufac-
ture goods equal to those of B, that is Britain, and that
knowing she is not able to do so upon equal terms, she is
determined to buy none of B.'s goods, but to compel her
people to compete as near as they can with B.'s manufac-
ture. This is precisely as if A. in the profundity of her
intellect had said, " I will stop B.'s manufactures here,
in my own country, which will stop them elsewhere (a
pretty notion, indeed !) and then I shall have a prodigious
profit"—which is quite as wise as the ostrich imagining
herself perfectly secure from her pursuers as soon as she
could get her head thrust into a sand-bank ; or as if the
' President of the United States should proclaim through-
out the world that Congress had decreed a new mode of
educating infant states, and that no other country was to
send a particle of made goods'to North America, for they
were as much convinced, as some fools or madmen may
be that five and three are six, that to manufacture before 1

you had even an adequate agricultural population, was
the direct road to wealth and to perfection. " Taking a
view of the whole union," says Mr. C. " we are at this
day as much an agricultural, and as little a manufacturing
people, as we wore at the adoption of the constitution.
Our manufactures have undoubtedly increased consider-
ably ; but compare the frontiers of our spare settlements
in 1782 with the almost boundless limits of our present
agricultural population—compare the rapid and constant
emigration of our times to the south and west with that
which existed forty years since, and count the thousand
millions of acres we have yet unoccupied ! We have added
eleven agricultural states to the Union." This is an ad-
mirable passage for the contemplation of those Solomons
who imagined ten or fifteen years ago that the United
States would out-manufacture all Europe.
" The only result of our taxation must be to perpetuate
the ascendancy, even in our markets, of the manufactures
of Great Britain," says Mr. C. and a little further on he
adds—" We are actually giving a premium to the Bri-
tish manufacturer of eleven dollars and sixty cents. on
every piece of blue cloth of the value of two dollars, 50
cents. per yard." This is the common case of all re-
striction whatever. The nation which lays it on its
neighbour, at the same time taxes itself. The American
who chuckles at the idea of making his own coat, while
he triumphantly shuts his ports against all English cloth,
looks strangely sheep-faced when he finds that he has to
pay the very sum which prevents the English cloth from
coming in. Nay, more than that,—he must have found
for some time that he was paying what is commonly
called through the nose more ways than one. As Mr.
Cambreleng says, the tariffs of the United States have
acquired a degree of popularity from the diminution of
prices which succeeded them—which diminutions, how-
ever, were not owing to the tariffs, but to the universal
causes which have operated upon the industry of the
world ; but, at the same time, the earnings of all classes
dependent on the trade of the country, have been de-
clining. We should not take the classes of commerce se-
parately, but to come to a correct conclusion on this
point, we should consider the whole country as one groat
commercial concern. Well, then, the great concern, or
shop, has not paid. It has declared that it will make its
own goods, though it cannot do it half so well or so cheap
as the shop over the way, and it has carried on so badly
under this change that it cannot pay more than one-third
or one-half wages to its workmen. All that it is defi-
cient in cheapness, in material, in making, and in expe-
dition, may be summed up in that one word, tax; and
when the shop has all this additional tax to pay,
and the ahopmen so great a deficiency of wages to re-
ceive, can any neighbour shopkeeper declare that shop
to be doing well ? The Americans, however, cannot
possibly have believed that they had more than the duty
to pay which they laid on, and how such a shrewd cal-
culating fellow as Jonathan could have overlooked this
conclusion we are at a loss to understand. That he did
overlook it is clear from his perpetual cry (like that of
his father, John Bull) for a reduction of taxation!—
Could he have known that he was largely taxing himself
while he was roaring out that the national taxes ought to
be reduced ?—Could he have guessed that in addition to
the duty which, by being laid upon foreign cloth came
upon his own, in addition to the diminished value of his
agricultural produce, which was another tax, because he
had the same expense in raising it, and less profit in its
sale, he was taxing himself also in driving his brethren
away from home into the wilderness ? Yet such is the

iiitten 7D.

fact ; for Mr. Cumbrelene; 71c5IIITS us that the incense of
population in England from 1790 to 1800 was 22'8,036,
fromlBlo to 1820 it has declined tot 88.154, and in 1828
it had increased only 152,616. Even with an aug-
menting population, Mr. C. observes, the annual ratio
might decrease, bid the matter becomes • when
the amount of the increase of every t yea since
1807, has diminished. But the tax paid- by Jonathan
for his manufactures, in the effect of restriction upon
those of other countries, may be be,t appreciated from
the declaration of the Boston committee, who stated that
in its effects on planting, ag,riculturo, commerce. and
shipping, it would " destroy ten times as much wealth as
it /meld create." This was the conclusion they drew
heft* thelmiff was laid on, and if one may judge from
the powerful case made out by Mr. Cambreleng, it was
not very far short of the truth.
But there is another ridiculous tax laid on America by
the tariff, which really shows that when national assem-
blies take unto themselves hobbies they must ride them
most furiously. Jonathan was not content with being a
manufacturing country, but lie must have every thing of
his own. He would not only wear his own coat but he
would grow his own wool, his own flax, his own hemp,
and ns much of On. raw material as possible. Of course,
while he doing this he lays another nice little tax on
himself by prohibiting the wool, and hemp, and flax, of
other countries, and then he looks ivonderfully sagacious,
and expec.s all Europe to come to hint for his cotton, and
his corn, and his timber ! But he will very soon see a
prodigious diminution in his sales of those articles. His
prohibition on woollens, by the by, has had an effect
which could have been little expected. It has actually
proved, through sonic smuggling or evading speculation,
an encouragement to English tailors ! It has caused a
considerable exportation of ready made clothes from
England.
The taxes which Jonathan lays on himself are vastly
augmented also by another circumstance strongly urged
by Mr. Cambreleng : " The incidental effect of our own
policy is to give a premium of 165,589 dollars on every
ship of .500 tons, built and fitted out in Great Britain."
" We are actually driving our ship owners to the neces-
sity of sending their ships abroad half rigged, and hazard-
ing the lives of our mariners, in order that they may pro-
cure sails, cordage, cables, &c. &c." Mr. C. exempli-
fies one point of this—the cordage, most remarkably.—
Though there were only 2,164,0961b5. of cordage im-
ported through the American custom-house in 1828 in
66 vessels from St. Petersburgh alone, there came
3,512,3201b5.—the ships in that trade being furnished
with a double supply of Russian rigging. While we
speak of cordage we are not very far from timber, and we
observe that some remarks were made on the timber trade
in connexion with British shipping in the house of com-
mons on Thursday, which will excite attention among the
shipping interest. These remarks bring to our recollec-
tion a petition from a gentleman well acquainted with the
shipping trade—a petition either presented, or soon to be
presented, to parliament—in which he demonstratively
proves the necessity of our government's abolishing the
duty upon foreign oak timber, which would cause much
more repairing at home than takes place at present, at the
same time that it would enable the British shipbuilder
better to compete with the foreigner, or rather to gain
considerable superiority over him. But to this and other
topics we must recur in our next. We have merely as it
were introduced the subject. Mr. Cambreleng's report
gives us abundant room for comment for several future
papers. In the mean time we must take leave of him in
order that we may briefly notice some of the topics of
the day.

JAI PER lAL PA R LIAM ENT.

lIOUSE OF LORDS•••••WSDNESDAY.

Counsel were heard at the bar, in a committee of privileges on
the Berkeley Peerage Claim, from ten to four.
Shortly before five the LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on
the Woolsack.
The private bills on the table, waiting the third reading, were
then read a third time and passed ; among which was Slutherley's
Divorce bill.
Mr. Downie, Sir C. Burrell, Mr. Marshall, Mr. H. Drummond,
and other Menthers of the House of Commons, brought up several
private bills, al of which were read a first time.
Lord SICEIIM PANDA LE presented a petition from Stockport,
in favour of throwing open the trade to India and China.
On the motion of the Bishop of LONDON, • bill brought
in to annul the marriage of Elizabeth Hickson with Thomas
Buxton, was read a first time, and ordered to be read a se-
cond time on Monday, the 21st inst. The right rev. prelate moved
the attendance of some witnesses on that day, to give evidence at
the bar, in support of the bill—Agreed to.
The Earl of ROSEBERY, when presenting a petition from Lin-
lithgow, against the proposed additional duty on British corn dis.
dike. spirits. said that the subject was one of considerable im.
portance, and well deserving the attention of the legislature. As a
financial measure, which interfered with the arrangement entered
into by the noble lord (Viscount Goderich) in the year IBM, when
Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the distillers of the country, it
was worthy their lordships consideration, especially if it should be
found to favour one class of individuals, at the expense of another.
To the agriculturists, the measure was of the utmost importance,
as it would affect their interests gimlet-ley if persevered in. The
noble earl presented three similar petitions, one was from the West
Lothian Agricultural Society, and the others from places in
Scotland.

Viscount DUNCAN presented two petitions of a similar ten-
dency, from Forfar, and another place.
The Earl of AIALAIFSBURY ezrressed his satisfaction at the
number of petitions which were pouring in on the subject. On some
future occasion, in case the measure proposing the additional duty
should be persevered in. he should feel it his duty to submit a mo-
tion to their Lordships respecting it.
Earl STANHOPE gave notice that to-morrow (this day) he
should present the petition of the ship-owners of London, and should
move for some returns relating to the shipping intcrest.—Lords or-
dered to be summoned.
Adjourned at a Quarter-past Five.

HOUSE OF COMMONS--WEDNESDAY.

Mr. PORTMAN presented a petition from Blandford against the
duty on malt.
Mr. SYKES presented a petition from the male and female inha.
bitants of a town in the East Riding of Yorkshire against negro
slavery ; also a petition from the brewers and publicans of Kings-
ton.upon.Hull against the beer bill.
Mr. S. BOURNE presented a petition from Ashburton in De-
vonshire, against the punishment by death for forgery.
Mr. It W. HARVEY presented a petition from John Anderton,
of 11161.-street, Blackfriars solicitor, complaining of an exorbitant
reilisten fee at the Down attl Revenue Office, fur errolling and
• lease. The petition stated, that a lease of some crown
laud bad granted, with the small rent of M. pa annum ; and,
1 upon to have the lease registered, a fee of e2l. was de-
the expense of registering a similar document in
dowsed, id lute' was only 19s. It prayed that an inquiry
elladd he made as to the legality of these fees.

land WM. PAULET presented a petition from the tru.i,e, if
the Merchant Seamen's Society of Sunderland, against the re4ul3..
lions or taw Superannuation Fund.
lielam
Mr. D. W. H EY presented a similar petition front the
trustee' of Morel en's Hospital. at Dartmouth.
Mr. PENDA ptesented a petition from Falmouth againq
the punishment ot for forgery.
Mr. 110DGStiattned a petition from Barnstaple again. 4 the
duty on coals care • wise.
lord F. L. I/0A :R presented a petition from John Bentutt,
No. 8, Starnfutd.stim, . .
Blackfrisrs, against political umot:s
(a laugh) ; also a petition front George Scniton, Exi. residing an
the county of Irilts,.relative to, !4systeni of banking and to rite
CllTtelrelf. NIP
~,
Mr. I{ fit iRDON pees." a petition from the inhabitants
of Maimesbury, i my of Wilts. playing that the p attis:a.
mein of death odirbe abolished, and that the bill
Motive to for uced by the Secretary of State for the
home departit it not pass Mu' a law.—Ordered tobeprinml. '
Mr. CORTE ted a
,pctition from the hop.gtowcrs of
Mayfield, in Sussex. against tll4otton hops.
Lord M ILTON presented a petitron front Nottingham, againit
negro slavery ; also a petition front Cattcrick, Yorkshire, to the
same tree!.

' Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition from Preston, against ht.
fanticide, and for reform in patliament.
Mr. FOWELL BUXTON presented six petitiom, praying fur
the abolition of the punishment oi death for forgety.
Mr. HUME brought forward a motion with respect to the Si per
cent. duties on sugar; it was fur a copy of the opinion of the
officers of the crown, authorising the withdrawal of the payment uf
the usual duties on sugars from the Exchequer.
After a few words from the ATTORNEY-GENERAL. the no-
tion was withdrawn, and notice given t'or Friday.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition front Prescot, against th•e
East India Company's monopoly, and front Ashton-under-Line,
against the beer Lill.
Mr. SPRING RICE presented three petitions —One from I)ui•.
lin, against the (-del tat. one from Thomas Flanagan, about tut: -
pike toads, and a third front the lEr.cturs of the Provincial Ban:.
of Ireland. for the abolition of the puttislhncid of death for forgery.
Sir C. UOLE preseided a petitions from Swansea, to the same et.
feet.

Sir R. WILSON. on behalf of Mr. IluskiAon. gave notice that.
he would present a .petition on the trade of Mexico ow Tursdsy
nex•.

3lr. WHIT:IIORP. presented two p,•tittont, from di•tr.ct< in
Scotland, for a free trade to

Mr. 0114AY CAVE presented a ',Aldo i for tLe a'7olit!nn of
slavery.
Mr. 11011110 USE brought in the parish retry regulation bill,
which was read a first time.

Ur. G. PONSON BY ptesented tv.o Ntitions from York—one
against the East Irdia monopoly, and anuthcr aping the incre.o.e
of a.autp duties in Ireland.
The ATT4 /RNIEY.6 ENERA I. presented a petition from V.
terborough, for the repeal of the tualt tax.

DONERAILE CONSPIRACY.
Mr. O'CONNELL—Before I proceed to bring forward the mu.
Lion of which I have given notice, I trial' to explain that the no.
flee for this day which appears on the paper, relative to the homi-
cides at Borrissokeen. must have got there by some mistake, tor
which I cannot account, as my notice celative to that affair was tar
Tuesday next. This I ant at a loss to explain, as there was no
mistake on the subject in the public papers. The notice which I
gave for this day, and upon which I rise now to move, is one for the
production of documents which I deem necessary in order to enable
the house to judge correctly upon a matter of serious importance Ai
connected with the administration df justice, and, to make it
as probable as possible that I may obtain them, I shall I' •
the number as much as is consistent with the objects I have in
view, and I will begin by stating that although my notice is for
the depositions of all the witnesses examined on the Special
Commission at Cork, I shall now limit myself to moving,
in the first place, for the depositions of but one witness—
Patrick Daly ; and, secondly, for the notes of the learned
judges who presided at these trials. Each of these motions
require a different consideration, but upon both I shall lay
groundi plainly and distinctly to entitle me to the informa-
tion 1 require. Before moving for them I shall state the spe-
cific sujijects of each, and then I shall show how they apply
to the motion. The object I have in stew is that of bringing
before the House a complaint of the mode of preparing cri-
minal cases for trial in Ireland, by magistrates taking depositions
without the knowledge of the parties charged. That I shall bring
before the house as a bad,
a dangeivu., and an unjust practice.
I shall for this purpose instance the particular case of the Do.
neraile conspiracy, and the mode in which information was taken
in that case. That is my first case, and I shall bring it speci-
fically before the house, that that it either may be censured, or, if it
shall be found sanctioned by usage, that it may be altered as a bad
mode. My second object is to complain against the mode in which
the prosecutions at this special commission were in one respect con-
ducted by the counsel for the crown, in order that if on the facts,
my complaint is well founded, I may take the opinion of the
bonne on the subject; and if, on the other hand. the practice re-
sorted to shall be found to have bcen sanctioned by usage, then I
think I shall easily obtain leave of the house to bring in a bill to
alter that usage. Such are the objects I have in view, and 1 shall
state the grounds of them distinctly and plainly, and without
any irritation or angry sensation whatever, but at the same time
as fully as ever I stated them anywhere, according to the best of
my recollection. As:far as I have been able I have looked tee
the reports of what I bave said elsewhere, and although I know
these reports to have been somewhat stronger than the language I
made use of, yet 1 shall not question their accuracy, but shall
abide by the facts and statements that have, as tar as I know, been
imputed to me. It will be now necessary, before entering on the
previous motion, to direct the attention of the house to the nature
of the Doneraile conspiracy. About the year 1821, is is familiar
to all who know Ireland that the entire of the southern districts of
that country were in a disturbed state. Political acrimony and agi-
tation amongst the Catholics had ceased on the occasion of the
King's visit to Ireland, but afterwards, when the hopes which
were excited by that event had faded away, the country became
extremely discontented. In some parts of the south the discontent
actually broke out into open rebellion; and this was put down
partly by force, partly by the arm of the law, and also I will say, h
a great degree by others, whom, to avoid any cavil, I shall distihguish
merely as parties who were looking for constitutional relief. Se-
veral of the parties engaged in these disturbances were in a state of
outlawry, and amongst the parts of Ireland so disturbed, and in
which many of these outlaws were to be found, was the neighbour-
hood of Doneraile. There were many there against whom informations
had been sworn, and who were, I believe., capable of committing
any crime whatever.—(llear.)—There resided in that neighbour-
hood a magistrate, Mr. Bond Lowe, a useful and an active jus.
lice of the peace, who, in the discharge of his duty, attempted
the apprehension of these bad characters. The consequence
was that conspiracies were formed against his life, and net only was
lie threatened, but actual attempts to take away his life were more
than once made. There were also other parties involved In thes,
conspitacies, but I fear it will turn out that those who were thus in.
volved became so through the means of the panics whom they them-
selves employed, for,afeer the year 1821, this Patrick Daly was taken
into employment by certain Magistrates, who thought it fair to keep
him as a spy, and receive information by his means. I will now put it
to the house, whether it was likely that this man would continue' to re.
wive pay unless he made discoveries, and whether it was likely that
he would not make discoveries sooner than lose his situation. Thin
Ifs the man for whose deposition 1 ant about to move. The house
should be aware that on or about the 20th January, when Dr.
I Norma, a physician, was returning front a party with his daughter,
the carriage in which he rode was fired at, and his coachman
wounded in the shoulder. That attempt had been made on the
20th of January. Another conspitacy, having the same object in
view, was entered into on the 28th February. Mr. Bond Lowe it
was determined should be murdered on the 2d of March, and I
would wish the house to beat in its recollection that Daly, the
magistrates' hired spy, had given no information to any living
person ;of this affair in time to prevent the fatal consequences
which it threatened. The ruffians put this plan into execution
at a place called John's Wood, and on that occasion, al.
though Mr. Lowe escaped, his horse was severely wounded in
the shoulder. The next date in the history of these black
'events is the 27th of April. The life of Mr. Bond Lowe was then
again aimed at, but the prostate., of his friend Mr. Nagle, whom the
conspirators were unwilling to injure, saved his life. This occurred
let the time of the fair of Radiant'. After all these reiterated con.
spiracia,the informer took *higher flight in the objects of his denun.
nation. Among other respectable Individuals whom he sought to
plfeate in these designs was Mr. Ardency, &magistrate, as respectable
and amiable an individual as could be found tit the community. Per. •
sons named Leary, Comore, tests, Murphy, and others, were also
implicated. Three of those pare acquit-eel, and one was never
brought to trial. I beg to call Ilse attendee of the house to the
characters of these individualse. They. were [small farmers—. .
men of industrious habits—men of revocability, and the more
deserving of admiration and sympathy, ae deo had reface them.
selves from she humblest lot by the exerdesse of their own hands.
And let ow tell this house that it Is most Importiat that persons of
that eharaetevfahould be protectiel In; Isdartl, because when vier
