POLICE REPORTS.

MANAION-Holl7lll.—Vesterlay the new LORD MATOIt took his seat
in the Justice. roltil, and had to decide upon the conduct of some per-
son!: who were charged with having acted in an obnoxious manner on
the preceding day.
Mr. Ilvpkinx, a stationer. in Bishopsgate.street, was charged under
the following circumstances :
Mr. Evar.s, one of the ward authorities of Bishopsgate, stated that
the defendant. between 10 and 11 o'clock on the night of the 9th, acted
in such a manner as to add to the noise and disturbance is the streets.
It was, lit,WeVer, thought necessary to take the defendant's word to
appear at the Justice-room, and answer to the Lord Nlayor for his
conduct.
Sheppard, the street-keeper, stated, that while mobs of people were
passing along Bishopsgate-street, the defendant thought proper to be
displeased with the conduct of the police officers of the city, who inter.
rived for the tee:tray of the peace, to prevent mobs from being assem-
bled together. The officers had behaved with the greatest propriety on
the occasion, but the defendant addressed the people, and soon had a
crowd about him. He inveighed against the police for exceeding their
duty, and would not desist, although a gentleman declared that the
officers had acted with the utmost forbearance and kindness, and it would
be advisable to him to hold his tongue.
Mr. Hopkins—'Tis all a falsehood.
Sheppard added, that at last it was found necessary to take Mr. Hop.
kins into custody.
Mr. Hopkins—They wanted me to move off, and it was not conve-
nient for me to move off.

Mr. Evans assured the Lord Mayor that the conduct of the defendant
was peculiarly calculated to excite the mob.
Robert Bohner, an inspector of the watch, stated that there had been
previously a very great crowd in Bishopsgate.strect, but it was quickly
dispersed by the good-humoured interference of the officers. The officers
said to two or three women who were standing in the neighbourhood,
" My good women, you had better go home and mend your husband's
stockings,than be here;" upon which the defendant addressed the people,
objecting, in the strongest manner, to the interference of the officers.
As the mob were gathering, it was absolutely necessary to prevent him
from continuing his speech, and he was accordingly apprehended, after
having rejected all peaceable appeals, and ►aid he was the master of the
officers, and that they should do as he liked. In fact, the defendant's
conduct brought together a second mob.
Mr. Hopkins--You are a false fellow.
W. Boston, a night.patrol, confirmed the statements made, and said
that the officers found in that neighbourhood that jocular language had
an immediate effect upon the mob.
Mr. Evans said that if the Lord Mayor thought it necessary to pro-
duce the evidence of private individuals, he was ready to do so.
The LOID NIAYOII said he thought no further testimony necessary,
and desired the defendant to answer to the charge against him.
Mr. Hopkins said the whole business was a gross tissue of falsehoods.
There was no mob at all in the place where be stood, and he observed
the officers unnecessarily pushing some women about, and begged that
they would-desist. This provoked them, and without any further cere-
mony they laid violent hands upon himself, for lie did not think he was
bound to go away at their dictation.
Mr. Evans. I assure you, my lord, that Mr. Hopkins's conduct
was calculated to do mischief at such a season, when the streets
abounded with idle fellows.

Mr. Cope (the maashal) stated that Mr. Evans was remarkable fur
forbearance and activity, and that the officers who had given evidence
were:also persons on whose good conduct and veracity the utmost reli-
ance had been placed. He in conformity with the directions of
the Ccurt of Aldermen, ordered the whole of the city police to act with
the greatest possible forbearance, and In no Instance had that order been
in the slightest degree violated. Mr. Cope also thought it his duty to
mention, that gentlemen who, like Mr. Hopkins, took it into disk
heads to address mobs against the police, at a time of such excitetneoto
committed mischief which was often irreparable.
Mr. Hopkins denied that he had addressed anybody except the pallet.
The LORD Mayon said that the conduct of the defendant was, at a,
time when the public feeling was in so excited a state, extremely I
imprusient.
Mr. Hopkins.—l do not think so, my Lord ; I would act exactly in
the same manner again, if I saw the same cause.
The LORD M 4YOR.—Your conduct has indeed been very impru.
dent as a respectable man, in acting in such a manner at a period of so
much public excitement.
Mr. Hopkins.—Certainly not, my Lord.
The LORD MAYOR—If you observed anything improperly rough, you
might have complained to the Magistrates, who sat at Guildhall till be-
tween three and four o'clock this morning, and they would have attended
to the application. The officers acted all through with great prudence
and judgment, and the peace of the metropolis has been very happily
preserved ; but I must say that, as a respectable man, your conduct, Mr.
Hopkins, was very imprudent. I however dismiss the ease.
Mr. Hopkins—l knew the charge would not be entertained, and I
would do just as I have done, if the circumstances were to occur again.
Three men, named Beams*, Bailey, and Dyson, were charged by Ilr.
Evans, with having accompanied and urged on a mob of about 300 or
400 persons in Bishopsgate-street.
Bessent appeared with a stick in bb hand at the bead of the mob,
who were shouting No Police No taxes ! and other ex The
crowd grew greater as it moved along, and Mr. Evans the officers
together, and determined as the best course to seize n oar the rinig-
leaders. The three defendants were accordingly ap by Mr.
Evans and the officers at the corner of New-street, and then des mob
quickly dispersed.
The LORD /11.croa.—Did they break any lamps or windows ?
Mr. Evans.—Not to my knowledge, but they led the mob.
The LORD MAYOR—Did it appear like a frolic ? Mr. Evans—By
no means. Bessent had a stick, and raised it to strike, but was easily
prevented. There was in fact no trouble in ap the three.
They tried to escape, but when taken made no resistance. were
obliging the people to take off their hats, but I observed nothing dan.
gerous.
It appeared that the three defendants were men of good character, and
in employment. One was a barber, and the other two were weavers.
They declared that they had found themselves accidentally mixed up
with the crowd as they were going home, and they disavowed the most
remote intention of doing mischief.
The LORD Matron censured the defendants for exciting the public at
such a time, when the peace was disturbed by a set of idle fellow..
There was however something, his lordship said, extenuating in their
conduct, as they had not resisted. He should therefore take their premise
never to act in such a manneragain, and discharge them.
Guicouss.x.—Mr. Turner, jun. whose father carries on the busi.
news of a printer and stationer in Cheapside, near Lswrence-lace, was
charged with assaulting John Connor, an Irish labourer.
The city solicitor stated that Mr. Turner's premises had been pre-
sented by the inquest as being in a dangerous state, and the usual steps
had been taken by the city to put up a board., and give the parties
notice to take the building down. Mr. Turner bad thought it unsafe
to allow his family to sleep in the house for a month past, but notwith-
standing this Mr. Turner had advertised to let seats to see the proces-
sion, and, as he was informed, had arranged to accommodate not
less than 130 persons. As from the state of the premises the per-
sons so accommodated would have been placed in imminent peril, and
also the persons passing in Cheapside, Mr. Turner was applied to on
in letting • - been

the subject, and is he persisted w, letting seats, it had _ deemed
proper to station the complainant Connor against the house on Sunday
morning with a board containing a caution, and the defendant was
charged with assisting to wrest this board away from him.

Mr. Alderman YENABLES said, the state of this house bad excited
great anxiety in his own mind and that of his brother Aldermen, and
they had consulted the Recorder, who was of opinion, that if any aces.
dent or loss of life should occur from the falling of 'these premises, in
consequence of being let out in the way described, Mr. Turner would
bare to answer fur a misdemeanour of an aggravated nature. lie re.
quired surety from the defendant to meet the charge at the sessions.
Mr. Turner's surety was accepted for his son.

HAT Tow-Gmarnex—Mr. &dent Ss r.t.o tr continued sitting at this
office until half-past one o'clock yesterday morning, when $ letter came
to him from the Secretary of State to inform him that his attendance
any longer was unnecessary, and would be dispensed with.
During the night, some hundreds of the most respectable inhabitants
of the district voluntarily came forward to offer their assistance in sup.
port of the police, and were sworn in special constables for the occasion.
Among them were the churchwardens, the overseen, the bards of com.
missioaers, and all the other officers of the several • within
the district—Saint Pancras, Saint Giles, Saint Andrew, Holborn,
the Liberty of Saffton-hill, Clerkenwell, &c. together with some
of the meet respectable inhabitants of (}ray's Inn and Lin.
coin's Inn, all of whom manifested the most ardent spirit and deter-
mined resolution to act in concert with the Police, if circumstances
required their exertion to preserve the peace and tranquillity of the
metropolis. They remained in attendance until the worthy Sergeant
communicated to them the contents of the letter transmitted to him by
Mr. Peel, and after thanking than for their devotion to their country,
they ell joyfully retired, upon learning that the apprehended danger
war over, and tranquillity perfectly restored.

We have authority for stating that it was not the New Police who
closed the gates of Temple-bar ; for they were stationed in the West
end ; and when the superintendent, the ins , and men of the g
division, who were on duty there, attempted to repulse the mob, who
were proceeding from the City, towards the West end, they met with
the mat violent resistance from the City Police.

Quwww-sa 'max.—James Margit was char with havi taken
an active part in the disturbances on Tuesday n t, gauddlint ng
, a dick,
and exciting the mob to sets of vioknee. On asaapLi listini
inflammatory papers and two tricoloured cockades were takes ems
if ding
Mr. Purser a witness, stated, that ha saw the pefswaws very a.ltit's, and walking close by the side of a man who was weeping a tri.
coloured flag. The pillow's father addralled the Illighlimes, end
stated, that his son had hitherto lived very respectably, but bed. mart
tunately, attended Mr. Hunt's snowing at the Rotunda, Asia be hid
imbibed those ridiculous ideas which had led to his insamiduais ii..
duet and present situation. He was ordered to remain in so* mu

the worthy Magistrate had considered whether he would take bail.
The following is a specimen of the inflammatory papers found upon the
prisoner :
" People of England, arouse yourselves, be free—.be no longer
posed upon—shall it be told abroad-that Englishmen alone dnot to
unfold the banner of liberty which they have so long lest sight of?—
Will you still be bound in chains of ignominious oppression and un-
heard-of tyranny ? Englishmen, you will allow it no longer. Will
you permit the tyrannical aristocracy to rule still with their iron away
over you ? You will not continue, as I know you feel you are a dis-
grace to the name of Englishmen. Are not our wrongs and oppression
sufficient to rouse the most abject slaves to rise in arms against their
masters ? Will you then, my countrymen, who have been accustomed
to call yourselves freemen, be more abject under such an accumulation
of wrongs as you are now, than born slaves ? Will you longer sub-
mit to be bound by such shackles ? You are now not even allowed to
discuss the measures of those whom you are told are your representathes,
but who truly are no more so than the scats you pay for them to sit on in
the House of Commons as it is called. Englishmen, you know your
wrongs, and need not be retold them ; pause, and consider now. Now,
Englishmen, you have considered them. Is not each one sufficient to rouse
the spirit of liberty within you ? Then, countrymen, to arms, to arms, no
longer delay—lose not a moment, but with the musket, sword, hatchet,
or even with nothing but what nature has furnished for your own pre.
nervation. Rouse, rouse then at once. To arms. and take that liberty
which your oppressors will not give. Down, down with each oppres-
sive boroughmonger that should attempt to oppose you, and make their
blood an offering at the shrine of liberty. Seek no leader, but to
the battle, and let each one be his own leader, and their object be the
destruction of those who may attempt to stop him. You know the way,
you have had a lesson from our brave neighbours the French. Again I
say, to arms--to arms and free yourselves. Fear nothing, but arm
yourselves, and send death and destruction to your enemies. The na.
dyes of the sister kingdom are ready, and in fact can scarcely be
prevented from taking up arms to regain their rights, which have been
taken from them. Arouse then, and let your cry be liberty or death.
Follow but that, and we must be free. In vain the boroughmongers
may try to stop us. Gird yourselves about, and let each of you, my
fellow-countrymen, think himself an army, and that it depends upon
himself to hurl down our tyrannical oppressors to death, destruction,
and ettwal infamy, and free the nation from the galling chains which
bind it down in disgraceful idleness and cramps its spirit. Englishmen,
you have become a disgraced nation : your rights are taken from you :
regain them, or perish in the attempt. Be no longer as you are now,
but to arms, and free yourselves from slavery. Arouse from the le-
thargy you seem to have been in, and rouse your fame for va-
, lour to the scale. Englishmen, the whole world watches you, and
' anxiously and fearfully wait to behold England raised to its ancient
importance in the world, and the capability of resisting the first nation
in the world, not by tyrannical taxation, but by the free resource of
its children. Englishmen, can you want any other inducement? No,
no. To arms, to arms, and have liberty or death I"
[The will of this young revolutionist was the moat curious document,
and excited roars of laughter among those who heard it read, and
every one appeared anxious to obtain a copy. The fallowing is vet.
batim :]—" I, William Knight, of London, in the county of Middle.
sex, by the grace of GoD in sound health of body and mind, do will
and bequeath as follows :—First, My strength I do give to support the
cause of liberty in the ensuing revolution. Secondly, My body, if I
fail in the night, I give to form a barricade against the advance of the
military, and then to be disposed of as any person may choose.
Thirdly, My pistols I give to my father. Fourthly, One pin I be-
queath to my mother. Fifthly, My clothes I give to Frederick.
bixthly, My pictures I give to Charles. Seventhly, My papers, pens,
and ink I give to George Remmington. Rightly, I give and bequeath
a gold ring to Henry. Ninthly, 1 give a pin to Mrs. Remmington.
Tenthly, I give my pencils to the rest of the family to be divided equally
amongst them ; and leanly, the rest of my property I give to my
mother. (S*ned)
"WILLIAM KNIGHT.

"Dated 7th November, 1830."
Alsweratitoxi-orr mg.—Yesterday morning, John Williams a
young Welshman, who wore a suit of black, fashionable in shape, and
threadbare in condition, was brought before Mr. Griffith by one of the
policemen, for disturbing the public peace.
It was represented by Mrs. Mary Ann Trody, of No. 13, Edward.
street, Portman-square' that on Monday the prisoner called at her house,
and, after representing himself to be the son of a respectable clergyman
in Wales, and telling a long talc of distress, he excited in her breast a
feeling of pity, and she offered him a shilling. The prisoner withdrew
his hand, and hoped, he said, that as he was a gentleman by birth and
education, and her countryman, who made the application, she would
be more liberal. She added another shilling to her first offer, he became
more impudent, and she popped 3s. into his hand to get rid of him. Ile
returned to her house yesterday morning for the purpose of ex-
= mote, and she called in a pelican; and gave him into
" Le not I MD you before ?" said Mr. the magic
' taste, to the prisoner.
Williams—Most undoubtedly, sir, you have had that pleasure, but
not exactly hen.
Mr. Gar rryea—No, not exactly here, I DOW recollect, for you
called at my house several dines, and got money of me.
Williams—Ay, and some wine, too, Sir ; you behaved very kindly.
Mr. Garweren—Yon told a hundred lies, and cheated me, as you
have done this good lady. You are a gross impostor.
Williams—Not so fast, airs if you please; I cheesed neither of you ;
I borrowed a little money of you, and a little of her, and when I am
able I will repay it honourably.
Ma, GRIFFITH-0, I dare say you can talk fast enough about
honour. You are a chest, sir, and you shall suffer for it.
Williams—l am a gentleman, Sir, as well as you; we were both
born in Wales, and l have received as good an education as you have.
Mr. Gaurerra—You told me one day you had been brought up at
college, but I don't believe it.
liams—lt is not gentlemanly, Sir, to dispute my word.
Mr. Gatrown—And that your father is a clergyman. but you
I will neither name the college, nor say where your father lives.
Williams—lt is not necessary.
Mr. 61111ITH ordered Keys, the gaoler, to take him into the yard.
and in his absence, Mr. Grille's told Mrs. Maly the prisoner had
obtained silvaof him on two or three occasions; and he put so much
madam in the truth of his story, that he invited him one day to sit
down and take some wine with him.

The prisoner add many impudent things to the magistrate, which
an malt and unworthy to be related, and when he was replaced at the
bar—

Mr. Ourrrrit told him' his blustering could do him no good : be
bad reason to believe man others, besides the complainant and him.
self, had been duped by him, and he should remand him till another
day.
The prisoner spoke in a very subdued tone, and expressed great eon.
tridon ; but as the gaoler was about to lead him away, he agaln ad.
dressed Mr. OriStb--“ I say, Sir, you don't teem to recollect the
glass of wine or two we had together so comfortably in your little par.
lour—your memory is abort."
Mr. diturrrn (smiling)—Oh ! no, I have not forgotten:it.
Williams—What good company we were! How we chatted. and
talked about our native country, and all that sort of thing ! Oh, so
happy (rubbing his hands together)—you respected me u a gentle.
man then.
Mr. GIIIIPPIT It- • So much the worse.

Williams—So much the worse, eh ? I doe% think so.
Mr. GRITIPITa (to the gaoler)—Take him away, lock him up,
and bring him here again on Saturday,
Williams—l wish I was in his little parlour again, I got some good
wine there, and hem it's all vinegar.
