LIBERATION OF MR. HENRY HUNT FROM'
ILCHESTER JAIL

i.CHESTER, WIDSMIDAY, 11 O'CLOCi.

The appearance of this morning was unfavourable
for the inhabitants of the vicinity coining hither.—
Heavy rain continued until seven o'clock, when the
sky began to clear, and the promise of a fine day was
given. At that hour the people began to assemble,
and, until eight, arrived in straggling groups The
attendance was less numerous than was expected ;
but there was no previous arrangement made, or any
concert entered into to draw them together. Those
who came did so voluntarily, and the display of feel-
ing was genuine and spontaneous, though the effect
might have been made more imposing by the least
preparation. I did not see any of the first gentry of
the county, but the respectable class of farmers, in-1
dependent and substantial yeomen, were numerous,
among whom were mixed a few, perhaps, of a higher
order. Altogether there were about five hundred
people collected at half-past eight—the greater part
sweating neckerchiefi of green and white, and white
hats, teing the declared emblems of Reform. A ba-
rouche and four was diawn up it the Castle-gate,
but in the enthusiaskao ihp moment, the horses were
taken off. and the populace prepared to draw the
carriage. At a quarterto nine, Mr. Howr appeared,
and was received with loud and repeated cheers,
waving of hats, and Griefs of Biavol He looked well
and in high spirits; his colour florid, and his coun-
tenance expressive of great satisfaction. He wore the
neckerchief of green and white, arid suspended from
his neck the medal presented him by the fent* Re-
formers of Leeds, and a plaid cloak which has been
lately sent him from the Reformers of Greenoek.7-
He was accompanied by Sir CnARLKS WOIAELEY
and Mr. Nournsioae, who sat with him in the car-

riage, and by several friends. The barouche wasl
drawn along the Ilchester-bridge to the Castle Inn, is
front of which the crowd was drawn up. The warmest
reception was certainly given him. He stood up and
repeatedly acknowledged the cheers of the people.
When the bat ouche arrived at the Inn, Mr. HUNT
adhessed the crowd to the following effect:
44 I am just released, after a confinement of two.
years in a dungeon, which I have suffered for strug-
gling for the rights and privileges of the Constitution.
Before I was put in there, I foretold what would
happen—that ruin would be at last brought upon the
farmer, the mechanic, and the labourer—(Applause).
I was thrown into prisou for saying that the Govern-
ment lived on the People—(Cheers).—But times have
since cone round, and the landlords cannot now get
their rents, nor the farmers provide the wages of their
labourers. lam truly obliged to you for the kind
reception you give—{Bravo!)—not only on my own
account am 1 rejoieed to meet you, but on yours, as
I am proud to see the people of England coming at
last to a right sense of their situation—(Load cheers).
I have to meet other friends in other places, and can
ranain but a short time with you at present. I have
beat pent up in that Motile, which you shall see in a
short time razed to the ground—(Bravo!}—but what
1 have suffered has been for the good cause, and for
rchich I ant ready to suffer again—(Loud applause).
The object of the Government has been to set the
labourers against the farmers ; and the farmers, forced
Into difficulties to pay the taxes, have been obliged to
screw the labourer down to the last shilling. 1 wish,
my friends, to caution you on that point : do not be
divided or set against each other ; but let the farmer
and the labourer come forward, and with the maim.

facturer join manfully in one Petition for Reform—
(Bravo, &aro !).—That is the way to gain redress ;
and it you do so, England wiU be England again—
(eheers).—The Government want to set the labourer

When breakfast was over. Mr. HUNT said, that its he
saw a great many Gentlemen who were strangers to
him, he would be happy to be introduced to them
all; " but let them," said he, " who wish to know
me, come up, shake hands, and introduce themselves."
When some Ladies came into the room, he said, a' I
am glad to see the Ladies are come to have a peep at
the lion—you are welcome—l am truly happy to see
you. Here, Gentlemen, is a friend of ours, who has
come 250 miles to be present at my liberation—
(Cheers). He is from the neighbourhood of Parson
Hay. He tells me, that on last night, at twelve, it
was intended to light a fire in honour of my libera-
tion, on one of the hills at Rochdale, in Lancashire.
It was to be composed of 17 barrels of tar and 30
loads of coal. I don't know if Parson Hay will like
it, but we are obliged to our Rochdale friends, anal
suppose we give three cheers for the Reformers of
the North Bravo twe will.") Three cheers
were then given.
Mr. NORTIMORE rose, and said that he wished to
let the party present seethe flagon and salver sent
from the friends of liberty in the county, and which
were to be presented to Mr. Hunt, at the dinner that
day at Glastonbury, as a tribute to him for his manly
political conduct. He was certain that Mr. Hunt was
happy, as well from his own-conscience as their ap-
probation—Ube flagon and salver, which We de-
scribed yesterday, and gave the inscriptions upon it,
were then handed round the Timm, and exhibited by
Sir Charles Wolseley at the window to the crowd in
front of the inn.]—After a short interval,
Mr. HUNT requested the notice of the Meeting to
what he was about to say.-6, I am, Gentlemen, you
know, a man of business. I am ready for my old,
tricks again--(Chars and laughter).—l tell you what,
if the people of England lie down under oppression,
the are doomed to eternal slavery. They mus: not
belnaceive but they must be active and move about.
fmeof th; freeholders ofthe county now present have
ought this a fit opportunity to call a Meeting of So-
merset together; and it is meant to submit a Requi-
sition to you for your approbation, and for the signa-
ture of those who are freeholders, and like the propo-
sition —(Hear).—l will readthe Requisition to you ;

and the farmer against the manufacturer, and to keep
be the system by which they may condom to draw
sixty millions a year from the country when wheat is
at four shillings a bushel—(Cheers)..l am for peace,
not for war. I wish all men to be• united, and Old
.England happy—(Brave).--I do not act for any bad
purpose. but for the cause of Reform, and will go on
patiently, but firmly, until its complete success be
established(Brava).—l have been in prison for two
years and sis months, but here I am the same man
asl went there-(Bravo:)—not one whit less ready
to struggle for the rights of the Constitution—not one
whit less ready to sacrifice my life, if it were neces-
sary, for your cause—(Cheers). I shall not be The less
ready than before to do whatever conscience tells me
is my duty. Let them put me to death if they like;
but what good will that do them ? It will not pay the
taxes, nor enable the farmers to pay their rents, with
wheat at four shillings a bushel, or find them wages
for their labourers, to keep the workmen or the farmer
from coaling at last on the parish— ( Applause).—
I have, in that prison, been persecuted by the Local
Authorities ; but I will not say much of them now,
as I have brought their noses to the grindstone—
(Bravo !)—The inhuman monster of a jailor I have
tuned out, and brought him to justice. He was sup-
ported by the Bench of Magistrates, but I have over-
set them all by my single arm, and they have been
obliged publicly to declare that the walls of that
prison shall be thrown down, and the place of con-
finement shall be in another part of the county—
(Bravo !).__When I was first incarcerated in that
Bast ile, the expenses of keeping it amounted to 7,000/.
a-year, or 1,750/. a quarter; but, through my exer-
tions, it has been reduced, and does not at present
exceed 2,000/. a-year, or 500/. a quarter—(Bravo,
bravo !) I now thank you most sincerely, my friends,
for this reception, and I will withdraw to my friends,
who wait breakfast for me."—(Loud cheers were given
by the crowd at the conclusion.)—When Mr. Hunt
had retired—
Sir CttAHLES VOLSELEY appeared on the balcony
of the Castle Inn, and said, " Gentlemen, I wish to
address a few words to you, almost at the threshold
of Mr. Hunt's dungeon—(Bravo/)—to express, in the
flame of every honest man, my thanks to Mr. Hardy
for his honourable, humane, and gentlemanly conduct
towards Mr. Hunt--(Applause)—during the time he
vas under his care ; a conduct so different from that
pursued by those whom I could designate, but whom
I am confident every honourable man despises I"
The Gentlemen then assembled in the large room
of the inn, about seventy in number ; Mr. HUNT was
placed at the head of the table, and received the cor-
dial greetings of his friends.
Breakfast was served, and as the room could not
accommodate all those who wished fer admission,'
tables were prepared in other parts of the house.

.Is.THIS HIGH Slilltlrr Or THLCOUNTY OtSOTSLIMS.
We, whose names are hereunto subscribed, Freeholders,
Landholders, Tradesmen, and others, affected by the agricultural
distresses of the country, request that you will, as early as may
be, convene a Public Meeting of the County, to take into consi-
deration the belt means of isetitioning Parliament for the redress
of those grievances under which they at present labour, and for
restoring the Representation of the People in Parliament, agree-
able to the ancient principles of the English Constitution.'
No man (continued Mr. Hunt) can object to such a
requisition, or to a public meeting, but one who will
say that we are in a state of prosperity. Are we in a
state of prosperity or are we not?—(" No, no.") Is it
fit to do something to obtain redress ?—(" It is; it
is.") Well, if it be, then is it the best mode to call a
county meeting, and sign a petition to Parliament?—
( Yea, yes r Bravo r) Will you let me sign the re-
quisition first ?—(g4 Yes.") lam a freeholder of the
county, so is Mr. Northmore near me; he will sign
it and pass it round to you : and if the Sheriff will
call the meeting, we pledge ourselves to attend and
do our duty."—(Applause.)
Mr.NORTIrtIORE rose, and said, Gentlemea and La-
dies, it gives me great pleasure to add Ladies, as lam
certain that they are all Reformers in their hearts
(Laughing.) The requisition you have heard, alludes
to the Constitution, and I will tell you that accord-
ing to the spirit of that Constitution, every man who
pays taxes for its support, and every man who may
be called upon to risk his life in its defence, has a
right to vote—(Applause.) •
The Requisition was then handed round, and nu-
merous signatures attached to it; after which
Mr. HUNT said a few words complimentary to
Mr. Northmore, atil contrasted the value of his ser-
vices if he were returned for the county to those ren-
dered by their present Member, Mr. Dickinson.
While in prison he had learnt, and had documents to
shew, that the independent Member, as he was called,
rented a light-house in the British Channel from Go.
vernment, and which brought him a profit of two
to 3,0001. a-year. He had also 1,5001. a-year as Co-
lonel of the Yeomanry. When one of his tenantry
asked that Member lately to use some interest in be.
halfof his son, he replied, that he could not ask a'
favour of the Ministry, as he was so decidedly in op-
position to them; but he, Mr. Hunt, thought his an-
swer, as an honest man, should have been, that as be
was asking so much for himself, he could not venture
to ask anything for other s.
MT. HUNT, Sir CHARLES WOLSELEY, and Mr.
NOKTUMORE then went into the baiouche, and set
out at half•past eleven for Glastonbury, preceded by
sixty Gentlemen on horseback, and folios\ ed by a few
carriages, and the populace on foot. At Somerton
the Procession arrived at one, where it was received
by more than a thousand people, with general accla-
mations. The movements of the Procession were
slow, and the appearance extremely picturesque in
the dist Ant prospect. The br(ght plaid cloak of the
principal personage shed its sparkling hues, and the
Pretender himself, were he alive, could not expect to
have had more honour paid to the tartan at Bannock-
burn, where it was said Mr. HUNT'S cloak had been
manufactured, than was here paid to the national garb
of Scotland. _ _

Mr. HUNT addressed a few words of thanks to his
kind friends. He said he was proud of the manner
in which they met—the occasion was joyful, though
(as he called them) the black sheep had prevented the
church bells from being rung. He was not annoyed
by their petty malice; as there were bells rung in
honour of hie liberation—aye, hundreds of bells,
'which were not paid for by tithes. After partaking.
of some refreshment at the house of Mr. ANDREWS,
the Procession set out fpr Glastonbury, where it
I arrived at four o'clock.

GLASTONBURY, Fotta o'CLoct.
The liberation of Mr. HUNT seems to have made a
'greater sensation here than at Ilchester. The people
who have collected are of a bettei class, and many
parties of well-dressed women, escorted by their
friends, have gone forward to meet the procession.—
The hills surrounding the town are numerous, and
anxious groups are stationed upon them looking out.
The effect is exceedingly picturesque. The bells of
the Churches were suffered to be rung after some
contest among the authorities.
The procession bas just arrived. As it came along
it received a great increase of strength, and as it en-
ters here there are at least 3000 people with it, ex-
tending the whole length of the town, and for some
distance on the &hetes rood. It stopped at the

George Inn, and a loud shout was gifen by the mut- ' worthy of our commendation. If fre ste him hi A
titude. After Sir CHARLES' WoLsecity -and Mr. dungeon—breathing the salubrious air in that pri.
NORTHMORS left the carriage, Mr. HUNT took off his son, which, like another Warwick, is to be held out
hat, bowed to the crowd, and thus addressed them : las she admiration of the world, among its holy and
66 lam once more amongst you, my friends, after spiritual managers—in that jail, governed by a 0),,i
,my confinement in Ilchester Bastile—(Hozza!). What , who they say was too good for his office, and miluse
have our tyrants got by sending me to the Bastile ? ' humanity was displayed in famine and blisters i.....
Why, It has given you the opportunity of giving each we find him unchanged and pet sevet ing—(Bravo!)
of them a kick in the breech for their folly—(Laugh- He has suffered all this for being found guilty of--
ter and cheers). I understand the Parson has ordered what? only of one half a count of the iredictment 1
one of the bell-ropes to be cut. Why, if all the bells A Crown extent has also been issued against his gro-
in town were ringing, we could not hear them from petty, on the very spot where we now stand, for
the louder voice of the people—(Neer, hear I).—This having given to the People a wholesome powder fL,r
was done by the Corporation of Glastonbury—Cor- breakfast. From the persecutions he has undergone,
poration, indeed!—(Laughter).—They have also or- lam satisfied in saying the sentence was against t!-.e
dered eighty special constables to be sworn. Why, I man, and not the crime—(" It was!" " Shame !"lam
am now going to bold my Court Leer, and to swear It was the vengeance of the oligarchy pursuing him;
in my constables, and I shall order mine, if any one for as the old Poet says, " Deep within their hear;
of the other constables misconduct himself, to take =kiln; vengeance lies, and must be satiate r EL,
him immediately into custody; even if the Mayor I trust it has been the last effort of that party, ai:,l
should not behave himself, I will take him into cus- that it will prove but the last flame of a dying de!,
tody. In taking leave of you, all I have to request potism—(Applduse).—To prove that such a sentence
is, that you will be merry and wise, and separate and aggravation of the-punishment *as contrary to
peaceably." the spirit of the Constitution, the Hon. Gentleman
Mr. HUNT then descended from the barouche, and read several extracts from Blackstone end other 1e:...1
proceeded to a room in the Inn, where his deputy, authorities. In them (he continued) you will find ra,-
Mr. HALT, had the necessary forms gone through to thing about rules or regulations of Magistratei—nct
open the Court Legit. It was rather an amusing spec- one word on solitary confinement—(Bravo).—ln my
tacle, to see the man just liberated from a prison for opinion, Hunt deserved reward, and not punishment..
a breach of the peace presiding at this Court, and e, He did I"), much less the aggravation of it. He was
swearing officers to maintain good order. The ne- deprived of the light of the sun, and of fresh air. Tne
cessary solemnity was faithfully preserved. War- society of his friends was denied him—even to that (a
rants having been previously issued to all the parties his own son. In their malice they tried to smoke him eat
concerned, Mr. HUNT proceeded to hold the Court by a new furnace, but the Somerset Magistrates are
Lest of the Manor of Glastonbury and Hundred of most unfortunate folk, for instead of injuring him, the
Glaston twelve hides, and to appoint all the peace- furnace smoked out his evil genius-(Cheers).--By On
officers of the Hundred, in virtue of his power as cheer I judge you want me to tell you who that evil
Lord of the Manor, and which right is annually in- genius was?—(Yes.)—Depend upon it he was a Cler-
vested in him. He appointed accordingly the fol- gymait ; and, what is more than getting him out, his
lowing officers :—Two High Constables of the Hun- own plans have had the effect of smoking the jail al.
dred ; two Constables of the town of Glastonbury; together away—(Applause).—An old book says " th.!t
one Tithing-man, for the divisions of Edgerly, Ral- oppression makes a wise man mad ;" but it has had
tonbury, West Jannard, Norwood, West Bradly, West the contrary effect on our friend Hunt. He has come
Omanholt, North Woden, North Load, Badcome, out of prison a perfect Sampson, for he has pulled t! e
Eastsheet, and Ayle Sand. temple of Dagon upon the heads of his enemies. li
After the several officers were sworn in, Mr. HUNT one respect he has even exceeded Sampson, for Le
addressed them to the following effect :41 As this killed himself as well as his enemies; but Mr. Hula
is the first, timel have assembled you, I think it ne- is alive and merry, and ready still to fight the battles
cessary to say a few words on your duties. You are of his country's freedom—(Loud applause).—And as
to consider that you act on behalf of the King, and as I said before this day, he is doubly rewarded by Ls
it is his duty to protect the people, I advise you al- own conscience and your approbation. I will con-
ways to act with mildness and humanity, and in exe- dude by proposing his health, and at the same time
cuting all warrants, not to exceed the necessary se- calling his notice to the piece of plate which the Free-
verity of the law. The law as it is, is severe enough; holders of the County have sent him—(Bravo!).
I know what it is to be under its lash. It is your Mr. HUNT'S health was then given, with iime tirn.:l
duty, and I charge you in the name of the King, to nine; the cheering continued for many minutes.
treat every prisoner as if he were innocent, as the When order was restored, Mr. HUNT mounted The
law of the land considers him innocent until he is table, and thus spoke:—" Gentlemen, to attempt .a
proved to be guilty. I wish the constables of Glaston, thank you for the honour you have done me, in hr.-
to be extremely impartial in the warning of Jurors. guage corresponding to my feelings, is impossible.
They are not on any account to listen to Sheriffs, or I am truly proud of the kindness you have tavourci
to yield to any influence, but to follow the dictates of me with, and it has sunk so deep into ray breast that
their own conscience. If you neglect your duty, you it can never be eradicated—(Cheers).—After the eta.
are liable to be fined by the Magistrates, as well as quent speech of Mr. Northmore, it would be pre-unlii-
being amenable to me. You all know I get nothing tion in me to occupy your time. There is one c( in-
by this ; my ancestors had the Manor conferred on pliment which he has paid, and which, I think, is but
them by former Kings ; and as 1 stand in their shoes, doing me justice—that of never flinching from pub::.:
I am obliged in duty to attend and keep up the pri; duty, when called upon by the People—(.4pplause).—
vilege they have handed down to me. One thing You may, perhaps, wish to know how it ha peens that
more—as, perhaps, as your Lord is now at liberty, I am so frequently attacked by men who have litiett;
•and if on such an occasion you are disposed to rejoice, on their tongues, but malice.- in their hearts ? I %%111
be merry and wise; recollect that you are this day the tell you: there are many men who are Jealous of the
legal keepers of the peace, and if there be any irregu- public approbation which is bestowed on me: ano-
larity, high or low, which you should be bound to ther powerful incentive is, that many of tbs.= are
notice, treat not the party like a brute or slave, and men who are anxious to get their sentiment: publi,hol,
use any person in custody, should such these unfor- and as they have no intloence on the public Pre -s ,he;
tunately be, with consideration and humanity." attack me, certain that whatever they set ite agai 1.-, r::
THE DINNER. will be readily inserted both by %%his and Tor) Par la
Let me not be understood to si,e.:k ill of the Pr.,—
At six o'clock about sixty Gentlemen sat down to
since I have been in Ilchester gaol, it has doaz :•. •
dinner, in the largest room of the George Inn. Mr.
justice. If it had not been for it, the la is,, c oat ..'.
Noarnmone was called to the Chair; and on his
not so generally have known my situation; di?, . ....
right Mr. HUNT was placed.
it not been for the Press and the People, 1 be it V, 1,..ii
When the cloth was removed the CHAIRMAN gave
the first toast, which was drank with acclamation—
my fate was decided, and that I should never 11 Ire
seen you here this day—Vicar, hear.) As to ~ hat 1
" The People, the source of legitimate power."
have suffered, Gentlemen, when a man emba. ks in
A letter from Mr. James Mann, the Reformer of
Leeds, inclosing an Address from that town, was public life, or is laid hold of by the emissaries of
Government; he must make up his mind to bear up
read, and the Address presented by Mr. Northmore
to Mr. Hunt.
a?,ainst it, and struggle in the best way he cu.—
(Hear.) When I was on trial at York, the Jury
After the Address was presented, the CHAIRMAN
found, after five hour,' deliberation, a verdict of
said that he wished to preface the toast which be was
Guilty on half a count only. The cunning and art-
about to propose with a single observation. An do-
g fulJud e sent them back, and I was acquitted on all
quent member of his Majesty's Government (Mr.
the serious part of the accusation, and found guilty
Canning) had, with reference to an Illustrious Lady
on the mildest count of the indictment—that of at-
(the late Queen) said, that she was " the grace, the life,
tending a seditious Meeting; for that have I suffered
and ornament of polished society; perhaps it was for
two years and six months incarceration !—(Share-)
that tribute that his Majesty had lately called to his
Here is my excellent friend4Sir.CharlesWolseley, who
counsels that eloquent individual. But that Minister
was also confined for eighteen months for attending
had lately thought proper to call the Reformers, a what was called a seditious Meeting ; but he fell
body whose aim and object was the overthrow of thei
among humane people and worthy Magistrates, in
Constitution—the subversion of the tripartite govern-
Berkshire. You all, perhaps, know how I was treated.
ment. He (the Chairman) solemnly denied the charge
I will, however, give you a few of the particulars:
—he denied it in behalf of all the real Reformers of
There never was one iota of charge of misconduct
the Kingdom—(Cries of " hear, hear.") Their object
ever brought against me, or any of my friends; yet,
was not to destroy, but to restore the Constitution,
for the sake alike of the King and the People—(A; before three months, the Magistrates made four Jit-
ferent orders to exclude them and annoy me. It was
plunge.) It was therefore that he gave this toast—
a constant system of harassing and vexation, until 1
" The King, and may he never forget the expression
preferred charges, and brought down a Commission
of Lord Chancellor Fortescue—that he has the dele-
gation of his office from and for the People"—a toast from the Crown to investigate the abuses of the prison.
The Commission was composed of two Ministerial
which he (the Chairman) gave with as much zeal
and fervour as Mr. Canning could, in proposing his supporters and a nephew of a Noble Lord; and I
blajesty's health. have no hesitation in saying that they came down
with the determination of reporting that the charges
The toast was drank with great applause. which I had preferred were false, and that the jailor
Sir CHABLIS'' WOLSELEY presented Addresses to
was an ill-used man—(Shante).—On the first day they
Mr. HUNT on behalf of the Reformers of Manchester
and of the Bolton Union, which were both worded in arrived they showed that they were determined to
a style of high encomium. carry that point. I was locked up in my cell, and
The silver flagon and salver, presented by the wrote several letters to them, but could not get aa
Freeholders of the County, were delivered in form by answer. The prisoners that Bridle wished to produce
the Gentlemen of the Committee. were gilled up, and they, of course, said that the
The CHAIRMAN rose, and said—Gentlemen, I see charges, as far as "they were concerned," were all
that you are impatient to hear the toast which lam false. As the examination proceeded, however, the
about to announce. I need not expatiate on the merits other prisoners refused to be called up unless Hunt
of Mr. Hunt, you all know them, and the cower was present—(Applause).—There is one of then'
knows them. I need not speak *Ahem, for
here. There he is, poor Charles Hill !at the end of
-
~ When Phoebus does his beans filthy— the room ; ask him if it is not as I say ? He was con-
.' To tell men tlandy that 'ds day ! fined in Ilchester Bastile for sixteen years, for a debt
is to presume they re kind. He has never deviated of 341. due on some Government account; and, it. I
from the principles of public virtue. Has he ever had not been there to see justice done him, he would
flinched from his duty to the country fro a dread have died there. Well, then, they made me pay for
of the consequences? Uwe look to him at Manche,- the charges of the six weeks examination, at an vi-
ta or on his trial at York ; if we regard him among pense of 3001. out of my own pocket, and, at the end
the butchers of the 16th of August, or among the per- of these six weeks, the Commission returned to Lon-
securing men miscalled Ministers of the-Gospel, we don, and in their Report said that all the charges 1
shall find his public character ever the same...cies had brought were more or less confirmed--(Brive).
