THE IittINCIIESTER COTTON-SPLVNERs•
ADDRESS TO THE PUBLIC. •

" We, the Mule Cotton-Spiorers of Manchester, consider it
a duty incumbent upon tss. to addresp the Public at the preseat
juncture, to contradict the many false statements aed misrepre-
sentations that have appeared in the Public Papers.
" We are stated in all the Papers to have turned out for an
asilance of wage;; this we admit to be impart true, but not ab-
colutelyee.. Two years no, when Our employers demanded a
reduction of ten banks, they affirmed that the state or the mar-
ket itnperniusly called for loch reduction ; but when the markets
would athrtit aan advance, they would willingly give it. We
d !trended oa their honour. and continued to laboue for more
than twelve &baths at the reduction ,vroposed. About ten
months since, on comparing the price of cotton and yarn, wa
found that the maikets would allow our employers to fulfil their
pr noise; VisT th:.;refbre solicited them to that perpose, and only
w shed to be r.e.iastated in the ;mem prices wa worked at previ-
oesty to that r, &Action. *one declared they :add not give it;
others they wt.uld not ; but the greater part, that they would, if
others del, but they should not like to be the first. Thus we
c a:tinted, elorking and soliciting fur the last eight monthi.-
1' tough the demand for yarn has been unprecedented, arid the
consequent rise in twist great, they have still refused our just
re.prest ; an.: in order to cause a beli f that trade was in a de-
choing sate, gave notice that their ruins should only work three
days In the week, which appeared so extremely ridiculous, that
the very children enteloyed in the factories laughed at it.
" It is tastrtsd,that our average wages amount to ?oar or 40s.
per week—it is evident, that this statement was made by ante
individual either ignorant or interested. In 1816, the average
clear wages of the Spinners in Manchester, was al:Mut-245. they
were then reduced Irons 20 to 25 per cent. end have ever since
laboured under that reduction. And it is to be remarked, that
Sphinges relieve their own sick, as well as subscribe to other
casualties; therefore, when their hours of labour, which are
from flee in the morning until seven in the evening (and in some
milli longer) of mnrernitthrg toil, in rooms heated from 7t) to 90
degrees, are taken into consideration, we believe the public will
guy with us, that no body of workmen recavc so inedevate a
coropensAtion for their labour.
" The next thing we would advert to is, our employers have
asserted, thin if they submit to our present request (which they
admit is reastmble) It would not be long before we demanded
another advance of ten hanks more: whatever some individuals
teeny have said, we know nothing of, but the great majority of
seinaers have never slid or intended any such thing. Aud we
hereby declare, " That we are wtlliug to enter into a treaty with
OUT eirployers on fair and hououmble terms."
" We believe there Li no species of labour so fraught with the
want of natural comforts as that the spinners have to coetend
w,th; deprived of fresh air, and subjected to long confinement
is the impure atmosphere of crowded rooms, continually inhaling
the particles of metallic or vegetable dust, Lie physical powers
beeareta debaated, his animal strength dwitdks away, and few
survive the rocridien of lire, and the grave is-often the welcome
asylum of his woes. His children r—bui lct us draw a tell over
the scene, our streets exhibit their caderorites and decrepit forms,
and any, attempt to describe them world be imoossibk.
" Let it mit beeneietstoed that we attach blame to our em-
ployers as applied to duct calamities; they are, perhaps, insepa-
rable frarn tire very nature of the employment, and our masters
Mae dement, but cannot redress them. All we esk is a fair and
candid investigatioa into the grounds of our complaints, and we
are confideat that both justice and humanity will decide in our
favour.
" We solemnly declare as men, Mfathers, as loyal subjects,
and well-wishers to a Orestitution, the spirit and letter of which
will rest countenance any thing like slavery- and oppreaeion, that
we cannot obtain, with the greatest possible industry, the corn-
moo comforts and neceseenes of life, at the present low prices;
to labour har.i is not an eaAy to b, bet to labour hard and want
e. impossible. Let our masters consult their own hearts, and u
the seat of justice and humanity, they will not bug hesitate
to great oar Just request."

COIIMON•HALL.—.The Livery assembled yesterday
in Guildhall, to fill up a vacancy in the office of,
lkidgeniaster. About ()Ile o'clock., the Liam) MAvon,
Aldermen, Sheriffs, and City Wilcers, appeared on
the Hustings, and the Hall was op'oed with the usual
ceremonies. There were seven Candidates, viz. Messrs.'
../Amxs NOHTUN, GronGE KING, SAMUEL THODEY,
Ja:Arif SNIUGCS, THOMAS SMIT:I, JAMES TATLOCK,
and .GEORGE MARMADUKE METCALF. On these '.
names being put up in succession, the shew of hands
was very great, nearly unanimous, fur Mr. Timm
The other Candidates considered the opinion of the
Livery so decidedly expressed, that they all resigned
their pret,:asions without demanding a poll. Mr.
..I*3DIF was then duly elected ; and, after he had re-
turned thanks, the-Hall was dissolved.

'Yesterday, as one of the dtays of Messrs. Barclay
and Co. was proceeding along Star-court, Bert:pond-
:Cy, one of the wheels came in.contact with a cart,
which was standing by the side of the road ; the cart
was upset by the shock, and a man who was inside
hid both his legs broke.

Saturday, as a person named Kelly, was conveying
a raft of timber down the Shoreham River, he by
some accident fell off into the water, when owing to
the shallowness of the tide, he was jammed to death.
Wednesday morning, an oyster salesman, at Bil-
lingsgate, took three 11. and.one 51. notes, the whole
of whirl. on lying presented at the Bank, proved to
be forgeries.

HvssEv's CoNvEssm);.—Considerable doubts arc
entertained as to the correctress of II ussey's state-
ment. Mr, SMITH, the Magistrate, of Greenwich,
and other Gentlemen, are still persevering in endea-
vouring to ascertain the most correct information on
the subject. On Wednesday, they employed, some
men in clearing out the pond near Vansittart's Place,
Greenwich, in search of the mallet which Hussey said
he threw into the pond with the hammer, both of
which instruments he pr;:tended to have been used
by his companions who entered Mr. Bird's house.
The whole of the mud and dirt was taken out of the
poad,• in the presence of several Police Officers, &c.
but no Mallet. nor any appearance cf one, was found.
The Bow-street officers and others who saw the man-
gled hodies of Mr. Bird and his housekeeper on their
being washed from the stains of blood, allege, that
there was every reason to believe that all the wounds
on both of the bodies had been inflicted with the same'
instrument, and t'i'e impression of the wounds resem-
bled that which would be produced from the hammer.'
The confession states, that while one of Hussey's coin-
y,anions wits engaged with the housekeeper at the
reet-door, the other man broke his way into the side-
door: whereas, on Adkins and Lavender, the Bow-
str,;et :,fficers, arriving there, in a very short time
after t!ie first alarm, with all possible speed, were of
opinion that there had been neither breaking in nor
breaking out of the house. It is said, that Hassey
assigned as a reason to the Rev. Mr. Emon, for his
tot milking a confession sooner, that he and his asso-
ciates 'had sworn such horrid oaths not to impeach
etch other, that he was frightened even to repeat
them :•and he inquired of the 11ev. Mr. litinuE, if he
thought he should be forgiven hereafter if he broke
the oath he had taken, not so divulge any thing
re-
specting the transaction? It is still suspected that'
t'le murderer gained admittance into. Mr. Bird's house
a )olt nine o'clock„ ,At six o'clock the same evening
a itamictiocked. at the door, and the housekeeper pu;
up the 'Chain before :,he answered hita. • .

GVIT.TMALL.-1. %MOUS CHARGES Or UTTZIINOI
FORCED NOTES.--Timothy and • lilizabcth Lane were(
yesterday brought up to answer the complaints oli
numerous shopkeepers, who had lately.reeeived, in
the course of business,fbrobrd Bank of England notes.
The Solicitor to the Bank attended, and said, the fe-
male prisoner was one of those who had been dis-
charged upon a former occasion, when charges of
this kind were exhibited :iggpat her ; and who had
been assured, that in the event of another offence of
a similar kind, prosecution should certainly follow.
Daniel Paine, a butcher, said, that on the 9th of June
the female prisoner came to him, and paid for a
piece of meat with a forged one pound note, which
he produced. Soon after she had gonl away, ant
before the witness had ascertained that he had been
imposed upon, the male prisoner passed another for-
ged one pound note upon him.—J. Burridge, servant
to Mr. Reed, linea•draper, of Beech-street, Barbican,
stated, that he had some time ago taken a bad one-
pound note from a woman, who, he fancied, was Eli •
•zabeth Lane.—The Bank Solicitor wished the word
6e/iered to be substituted in the place of
.fancild.—
The witness refused to do so, saying, that he could
not conscientiously use so strong a word, the matter
having taken place six months ago.—Upon referring
to the written comment upon the note by the wit-
ness, it was found that he had received it but a few
weeks ago.—Mr. Coming, art ironmonger, in Beech-
street, Barbican, said that Timothy, in purchasing a
kettle, passed a bad note upon him, and gave it with
the name of Leonard. Timothy cried out, " That's
a d—d lie." Witness added, that Lane said he would
send his wife for the kettle, and the woman did ac-
cordingly come for it.—Mr. Smith, grocer, of Bar-
bican, stated that the female prisoner paid hint a
forged one pound note for some grocery, in the name
of Mary Parker.—The Solicitor said there were seve-
ral other cases agnnst the prisoners, who were re.
manded till Tharsday.
IiATTON GAHDLN.—Yesterday Timothy illio•phy
v-as fully commit:ed to take his trial at the rest Old
Bailey Sessions, far stealing one dozen of port wine;
the prorei ry of Mr. Richard Hodgson. wine-mer-
chant, of Little Eastcheap.—lt appeared that the
prisoner ordered the wine, ashe pretended, for a Gen-
tleman in Fleet-street. When the porter arrived
with it at the Sun public house, Devereux-court,
Murphy took it from him, saying that he would im-
mediately return with the money. Instead of doing
so; he passed through the house into Essex-street.—
He was apprehended a few days after, in paying a
visit to a female, who was apprehended for a similar
offence.

Maatuoaouou-srn EET.—Yesterdav Rebecca Mal-1
ling and Mary Hill were charged with robbing tw)
privates of the Ist Regiment of Life Guards OF a
watch, monies, and their clothes, at the house called
Rats' Castle, in George-street, ttt. Gile.'s.—The case,
however serious, excited much merriment, by the de-
tail cif the prosecutors, who, it appeared, had selec-
ted the two prisoners as their sleeping partners. .At
day break, in the morning, one of the soldiers missed
his frail companion, who had taken away the whole
of his clothes, a jacket, and a pair of flannel drawers
excepted, besides his watch and money.—Furxemen,
the constable, described ofte of the prosecutors stan.
ding sentinel at the door in a state of nudity when
he arrived.—Mailing, who absconded, was commit-
ted for trial, but the ohm prisoner, who made no at-
tempt to escape, was discharged.
James Gadsby was remanded on various charges of
felony in the absence of the prosecutors.
VironsittP-sraEcr.—Yesterday IV. Grang was com-
mitted for trial, charged with uttering a :tl/in-ge,l
note on the Grantham 13ank, and a £5 forged note
on the Bury and Suffolk Bank, for the acquisition of
which he was unable to account. The prisoner had
committed great depredations amongst the linen-
drapers, to whom he passed large country notes, and
obtained half their purported value hi change. The
prisoner's defence was, that he had taken the notes in
the regular way of busines, at Deptford.
Mottos HALL.—Yesterday Mary Bryant, the wife
of J. Bryant, of Dean-street, Tooley-street, was
brought before the Magistrate, charged with striking
a woman, named Mary Connelly, with a poker, so
as to endanger her life.—lt appeared from a great
number of witnesses, who were all of the lower class
of Irish, that the prisoner had threatened to take
away the life of Mrs. Connelly repeatedly. The im-
proper feeling she manifested towards her arose from
jealousy. Thursday night the prisoner, seeing Mrs.
Conelly pass by her house, ran out with a poker,
which .she concealed under her apron until she came
close to Connelly, when she took it out and struck her
over the head with it. The blow was so severe that
she fell ott the ground in a state of insensibility :
the wound inflicted was very deep, the blood flowed
profusely, and the neighbours carried her to Sr.
Thomas's Hospital. The surgeons paid every atten-
tion to the unfortunate woman, and pronounced her
situation to be extremely dangerous.—The prisoner
did not deny the charge, but endeavoured to exte-
nuate her offence by stating various acts of asgres-
sion on the part of Mrs. Connelly. The Magistrate
ordered her to find good bail to appear when called
upon, and also to answer the charge at the Sessions.

Early yesterday morning, as Mr Brookes, a shoe-
maker, of Saffron Walden, was returning from New.-
market, he was stopped within fuur miles of the
former place by two men, in soldiers jackets, who
robbed him of 11. 7s. 6d.

. _
A man of the name of Brown, was committed
on Monday last to the town jail of Cambridge, on
suspicion of horse-stealing, from which he contrived
Ito escape over the trails ; but in getting down, he
I fell, and broke one of his legs, to suppbrt which he
contrived to get two pieces of board, and bound them
to the fractured limb by some twigs, out of an ad-
joining plantation, and then proceeded on, but was
soon obliged, from extreme pain, to call for assist-
I ante, and was taken to the Hospital, until his reco-
' very shall enable him to be conveyed back to prison.
Wednesday se'nuight a fire broke out in the house
of Captain Le Rouozrzz., at La Roeque, in the Pa-
rish of Grouville, Jersey, so dreadful was the coniia-'
gration that in less than five minutes, it communica•
ted to the premises of a M. MOIRE GlnAur. Although
the tide was full in, and abundance of water at hand,
such was the force of the tire, that in less than dire,:
quarters of an hour the two h(arscl, the and
out-oliices, *ere entir..tly reduced to ashes.

RA%Y lIIIThS.

Best Heifers and 5t,•2111 (per Ordinary ..tt. 0.1 to Ss V
stone)......ss nd to es lod Market Celt 10, Od to os Od
Middlings ...es ed to ?I en ng. Horsi Os tad to ios 64
Sheepskine--Pulltd; Os 04 to es ol—Ekiwoo, Os Ott to o. vd
Shearling*, is 21 to Os Od-4/Losalls, 3s Ott to 54 os od.
