SOUTH AMERICA.

List week we Li,' before our Readers the accounts
from &nith, America, received through the medium
of ti,e Jamaica Papers. To-day we insert in our co-
.nuts ',art of a private correspondence relating to
Carthagma, which furnishes some interesting, and,
we Lelieve, authentic information respecting the pro-
c:;; :4 South American emancipation. We have
04 doubt the majority of well constituted minds will
rejoice at the prospect of such a large population as
now covers South America being freed from the
lutith.ss despotism of s.iclt a stupid creature as the
hated FE:MINAS% who has filled the orisons of the
Mother country with victims, whose only crime was
their exertions and sacrifices to bring back such a
despot to reign over them.
Should the struggle in South America ha beheld
by this country with indifference ? Nothing can now
prevent the eventual independence of South America.
Ought Britain, from a chivalrnus notion of respect
for the mother country, to incur the hatred and
()diem of a people who most succeed in their of
and thus to shut herself out from th commercial re-
lations which might otherwise be established bziween
this country and Spanish Ametica ? AMong the
imperious daties iniposezl upon the Ministers of the
British Empire, that of watching over her commer-
cial interests is not the least. They owe this to the
people, who have so well supported them in a long,
a glotioes, and triumrhant struggle, tor the rights of
humanity—the emancipation of Europe from slavery!
Their labours and their hopes have been disappointed
only in Spain ! and will they, by a culpable neutra-
lity, give a virtual support to FEIWINAND in his ef-
forts to reduce the South Americans to the same
miseraLle condition as his subjects in Old Spain ?
We know that among our Merchants there arc
men of sufficient enterprise to furnish all that is
wanted for the perfect emancipation of South Ame-
tica—if Ministers will only permit them to clport fire
arms, &c. to South America. Why should our trade
ip lsardwart or iron pods be cramped its 6;omplimcgt

to a creature like the present occupier of the Throne
o Spain-.s creature whose right may be questioned,
his tither being still alive, whose resignation was
neither more uor less thnn a Drench revolutionary
marccuere.

Our sat-if-ices for Spain and Europe have Involved
Britain in a load of debt and tales which she can
only bear by the benefits resulting from commerce :
nor has any tyrant on earth a right, to expect
that this count: y should forego ber:t:fits now coon,
teracted by his own madness and stupidity. h
it not well known that Commissioners went from
this country to Cadiz, to proceed with the corfrsent of
the Cortes to South America, to negociate with all
parties such a system as might be mutually beneEial
to all; and that FERDINAND happcnit:g tO be re:aored
at that important moment, they were inst.t:a!y vont
back to England I Ile has tried his system. It is
high time that Britain should adopt her,. Common ,
sense may tell every one what that otz3ht to I.r.

TIIE AR r.
the Court Martial on Sir Gt.pitlp. PREVOST k to
be held at Winclizster, as soon Major.C.:ln.ral
ROBINSON arrives from Quebec.—eeneial Sir JOUR
F. CUADOCK to be President.

Saturday afternirrin '2OO recruits for the Royal
Buckinghamshire Regimcnt of Militia mut:lir:Li into
Fort Cumbes I inl fur chat county, and joined tee re-
mainder of the tegiment.
The .sth Regiment. with the Knuth flantg and Si!
sex Regiments of Militia, at Gosport, have btn in-
spected by General GonniiN. The South Hints has
been so successful in &gaining recruits, that it is ex.
pected the regiment will be shortly complete.
One Company of the City of Limerick RegiMent,
tinder the cor,vinand of Captain ORMSBY, has left
Kinsale for Skibbereen.

PLYMOUTH GARRISON, Nov. 3.—Part of the mag.
nificent Military Hospital at Stoke, is ordered to be
converted into Regimental Hospitals, to the use (--1
regiments quartered in Dock; and we fed pleasure
in being able to add, that the few bad cases now
there, no longer require the enormous expense of a
General Hospital esublishment. A Member of the
Medical B3ard has lately inspected the patients, and
we hear one Military Commandant, one Principal
Medical Officer, one Depot Purveyor, seven Medical
Staff, twenty non-commissioned (dicers and servants,
are soon to be reduced.

NAVAL INTELLIGF:NCE.
FALMOU fH. NOVEMBER S.

Arrived yesterday the Friends, OBEY; from Cork,
and ta.day the Rover, EDWARDS, from ditto. Sailed
yesterday his Majesty's ship ACIIATES ;
DAVIS, for Lisbon ; Friendship, —, for St. Mi.
chaels ; John, Nlcnot.As, and William and Miry,
NICHOLAS. for Cork ; Lavinia, SrocK.Nt.vg ; Eleanor,
LLoin ; Lively, WILLIAM; Mary, ; Resniu.
tion, Lewis; British Queen, lViwitsts; Sampson,
HARRIS; Albion, DAVIS, and ADO,
London ; Argo, TArton, for Shields, atid Bauttios,
CHIRP, for Sheerness.—Wind N.E.

PLYMOU Eli, NOVEMBER 4.
Nothing attired but a few co3s:eis and conss.
_ _roiamourn, NOVEMBER 5; _

Arrived hi Majesty's %hips
Mediterranean ; CTIALLENGEIt from the Downs ; and
the Isabella, Sumuirran, from Ostend. Sailed the
Catalina, --, for London.
