"0-',7

. ....

VMS ;
While Asia , —.... ner ravag'd plaits, man decorated his boat with b/ste ribbons, underneath
And 64 mornine lowers" on Atrie's dark domaint; which he had placed Mainwaring's colmors, covered with
While Europe, mid her scantier repion vies, -grape. On landing, it appeared the fisherman pro-
le wealth anal power, In arts anttarms to rise; ' ceetied to the house of the prosecutor, a Scotsman,
Rave where the Gaul. Milt borne on Viitory's ail, who had become obnoxious to him, and lustily ex-
Crlei" Havoc !" and lets slip his dogs of war; 'claimed, " Burdett for ever ! No bl--:.-dy Mainwar.
Here, thrones her realms, from want and slavery driv'gr, ing i No lousy Scots Emigrants I" and on Fair-
Orturnbia smiles—the fav'rite child of Firav'ts I weather's remonstrating with the fisherman, the lat-
Let Gallia groan beneath Napoleon's chain,
ter said he would destroy him and his house too ;
Andmourn expiring Liberty7-in vain ; " because, (quoth he) I'm Burdett for ever !" By
Or, meanly cringing, kiss the Tyrant's rod, this time fifty or sixty persons had collected together,
Adore her despot, and disown her Goo :
opposite the public house, to edify from the fisher-
And let Britannia still her dread be seen,
man's eloquent harangues, and to enjoy the sport of the
The Nurse of Wisdom and of Arts the Queen •
terrified landlord's discomfiture, some of whom in
While parrinelhosts shall thunder on her strand,
t;me joined in the chorus of 44 Burdett for ever !"
which was the burden of all the fisherman said, toge-
And Neptune's trident grace a Nelson's hand ;
But let Columbia's boast for ever be, ther with "No Mainwaring I Down for ever with
A people virtuous, and a nation free; Mainwaring !" The there-antie of Mr. Harris, Mrs.
A clime, where plenty, peace, and wealth are even, Price, seconded the laudable efforts of her frierd, by
And an the blessings of indulgent HLAvr N ! treating the Scots emigrant with a little cf her abuse,
which, according to all reports, she played ?fin very
Freedom, bright Goddess of celestial birth, high style. This second Massaniello, however, did not
Long *might, in vain, a residence on earth, proceed to an open revolt, but contented himself with
Till Rome'i wide walls a kind asylum gave, loudly praising his favourite patriot, till the arrival
Where all were patriots and where all were brave. of a constable, when he ind his followers made a
Thief stoodher temples, long her lov'd abode, precipitate retreat, approving of nothing so much as the
Thereitintlke fires in manly bosoms glow'd ; liberty of the subject.
There llitatus rose, the lustful tyrant's dread, The patriotic fisherman, however, did not consider
And Tarquin trembled—tho' Lucretia bled; himself as conquered, though prudence had compel..
There Scipio triumph'd, once his country's pride, led hien to retreat. No ; the next day evening,
And there " the self-devoted Decii died;" which was the Sabbath-day, he returned, like a giant
• There long her brilliant banners wav'd enfurrd, refreshed, to exercise his freedom of Jfieech before the
'Till Rome's proud sceptre sway'd the vanquish'd world. Scots emigrant's house, conceiving drat as his birth-
But when selMove o'er public virtue rui'd, right, he not being a Scotsman but an Englishman.—
Wben Roman fires in Roman bosoms cool'd; Again was " Burden for ever !" exclaimed ; again
When wealth and avarice spread their syren charms, was a crowd collected. - No remonstrance could in-
And " Rome became a prey to Roman arms," duce him to forego the exercise of that freedom which
Then cured ambition mounted Freedom's throne, he conceived to be his unalienable and indubitable
And dahn'd unbounded entire, as her own ; right; and he ultimately threatened to" burn, sink, and
'Then Caesar's triumph check'd the patriot's pride, destroy" Fairweather's house, if he would not sing out
And Freedom siumbeed—when great Cato died. " Burdett for ever, and no Mainwaring !" Con-
When erst our Fathers dar'd the Atlantic wave, stables however soon came, and cut short Mr. Harris's
"1" enjoy those rights, which Goa and Nature gave) glorious career. A patriot was " nimed i' the bud ;"
Tho' long, by vexing storms and tempests test, he was taken to "durance vile," and as is generally
the case, the chief being gone, theta/ewer: soon die- l'ho' long by fate, and foes, and fortune cross's!,
At length the Pilgrims found the promis'd land, peered. For these exclamations, which were substan-
And Freedom's altars blaz'd along the strand;
tiated by a variety of witnesses, the prisoner stood in-
There grateful incense Heav'e's kind favour won, dieted ; but nothing else being proved than that the
And CATO liv'd again—in WASHINGTON! prisoners, in the joy of their heart, and in the excess of
Thou Hero ! once Columbia's proudest boast 1
their zeal, bawled out " Burden for ever, and no Main
" in peace our ceuntil and in war our host. r
waring !" the Jury, under the directions of Mr. MAIN-
As too, when Pharaoh, 'neath his tyrant hand,
WARING, the Chairman, who thought that no disposi-
Relentless erush'd the chosen parriarch-band, f titan to riot had been evinced, brought in a verdict of
Moses, with pious care, the people led, not guilty ; but the prisoners were bound over to keep
And pour'd destruction on the guilty head, the peace.
Guided them, dauntless, then' the waery was*, Robert Jones, and wife, stood indicted for assaulting
And the hold path, aro trackless deserts tried, Nathan Myers, a Jew boy.
The Jew boy, a promising youth of about 15 years
Revlv'd desponding hopes, and calm'd their rears,
of age, stated, that as he and two of his brothers were
While all Mount Sinai thunder'd in their ears, passing by Jones's house, in a court leading to the
Till the poor Pilgrim tribes, each.danger past, Adelphi, he dropped a halfpenny into the cellar of
Saw the bright hand of promise rise at last ! t the house, and while endeavouring to recover it, the
So stood'st thou once, our shelering cloud by day, prisoners came out and struck him.
Our fiery pillar in the midnight way, From the defence, however, the real views of the
Led'as thin' Oppression's pathless wilds along, three Israelitish youths were clearly exposed : from
Thy fainting bands, and sooth'd the murmuring,: tong, that it appeared, as the Counsel observed, that they
Bilesed with thy smiles and with thy bounty fed, were three young depredators stopped in limine by
Turfed rocks to water and the dew to bread, the superior watchfulness of the prisoners. Robert
The wearied Pilgrim cbeer'd with prospect sweet, Jones, the prisoner, a very decefit looking man, was,
And erush'd the Tory-Serpent, at thy feet.— stated to obtain his living by cleaning boots and shoes,l
Inn Freedom rose, with beaming splendour bright, and his wife it appeared kept a mangle in the cellar
And all Canaan eaddeo'd on the sighti of their house, where she very often had a great deal
long may our hearts enkindle at thy name, • of linen, as she had when the young Je* found hik
With grateful ardour, and with patriot Came; 1 way into the cellar. Jones from his shop observed i
No sordid passions e'er deform the soul, youth holding up the cellar flap, and on going to in-
Bat truth and virtue animate the w Me;— quire what he wanted, he d.scovcred another youth
Then shall Columbia see no tyrant rise, (Nathan Myers) in the cellar, and on asking him I
• No Cesar triumph—the' our Cato dies! what he wanted there, the little sinner replied that he
Tins night, kind friends ! accept a tribute due
had got down there by mistake ! Nathan Myers when
'To Virtue, Freedom, WASHINGTON, and yon;
t in the cellar did not say any thing about having lost
We a halfpenny. Jones observed another youth standing:*
Y
boast no knowledge of the scenic art,
_the opposite of the way, as if he were on the watch. The 1
et hope to rouse and warm the patriot hearts
Till each brave soldier, and each freeborn son, i, excuse of Nathan Myers for getting into the cellar by
Steal free like CATO, die, Of live, like WASHINGTON !
mistake was not very satisfactory to Jones, nor could
-- it be to any one else ; bet he did nothing Farther than
Peon:ism.— Monday se'nnight, two celebrated
, order the young gentleman to get out of the place
with all possible dispatch into which he had got by
boxers were to have entertained the inhabitants of
mistake I Jones, however, was obliged to assist him
Bales Owen and its neighbourhood with specimens
to get out of the cellar, and for this and for prevent-
of the fistic science ; but when put to the test, their
ing the three from pelting him with mud was he in-
courage " coxed rut attheir fingers' ends." In order
however that the good folks might not be disappoin-
dieted for an assault on Myers.
ted, a man of the name of. James Green challenged 1 The case was seen through by the CHAIRMAN
and the Jury, and the prisoners were acquitt ed, and
. another man, who was very averse thereto, and insis-
ted
i
upon his fighting ; in the second round, Green re-
the prosecutor was reprimanded by Mr. Mainwaring.
ceived an unfOrtunate blow on VW left side, which 1 This is one of those cases, as the CHAIRMAN ob-
I served, that is but too common ; for under the pre-
brought him to the ground and killed him on the spot.
, A CnrOner's inquest was held on the body, and; tence of searching for something lost, persons of a
1 similar nature to the three .Jew boys concerned in
brought in their verdict Manslaughter. The brother
i this instance, contrived to enter cellars and houses;
of Green, who was ill at Kingswinford, having the
circumstance men, ioned to him too abruptly, died in i and if they find nobody in the place, they proceed to
i the cLurse of a short period after, and they were both plunder it of every thing they can find or conveni-
interred in the same grave. ently make off with.
Thomas Bellamy and John Laney, watchmen belon
In a coug-
ltry News Room, there was 'written over ing to the parish of St. George's, Bloomsbury, were
the chimney-piece, the following Notice : indicted for assaulting Hindeson and his wife.
" Pip *den lemon learning to veld, are requested to use gentriay's
The watchmen had indicted Hindeson and his wife r."
AIiitCDOTP..—.A short time since the Duke of N for an assault on them, so that the Jury had to try
going on horseback upon a visit to a worthy clergy. what is termed a cross-indictment.
men at Nacton, near lAndgrave Fort, to take the di- It appeared that on the lit of April last, at two
version of shooting, desired a simple rustic about sit- o'clock in the morning, Hindeson and his wife were
teen, who was a servant in the family, to take care ,
, going home, they residing in Stonecutter's-buildings,
" and rub down his hark, and not give him any
Lincoln's Inn fields ;when Hindeson, from the street,
I
discovered a light in his apartment, at which he was
water." When the lad replied, " Yes maister, no
maister." On which the groom, who stood by, se-
I
somewhat alarmed, thinking that thieves were in the
, •verely rebuked him for hii rudeness, telling him the ,house, and with that persuasion on his mind, he called
the watch. Three came, and he desired them to re-
person who alighted was one of the greatest men in i
main at the door with hts wife, while he went up
‘ft kingdom, " and whenever he bids you do any
stairs to see every thing was as it should be. They
"‘",-Vou should alwalys remember to sayyour grace."
Hob treasured pp his fellow-servant's advice :few days after, when the Duke did so, and up stairs he went; and he shortly after-
`rttiry, and a
I wards returned, informing them that all was right ;
'h horse, and bid him take the stirrup a that the light proceeded from his fire; and thanked
them for their trouble. The watch with great solemnity answered— ! men, it seemed,
i, root thip Lem amis sw tea& : took umbrage at being 48 aurdefedo f," as they term-
.
~;, ed it, aid wanted to belied foe thew frost* iv doing

I

going
to proceed against them, indicted him and his wife
for an assault ; and they now swore that they saw
nobody strike either him or his wife, nor did they .
strike either of them, till Hindeson and his wife began
to maul them, when some blows might have been
given in getting Hindeson to the watch-house.—
This and much more swore the two watchmen ; but
there was neither circumstantial evidence, aor tattered
and bloody clothes to support their tale. Such being
the case, with the total absence of all kinds of evi-
dence nn the part of the watchmen, they were found
Guilty on the indictment preferred against them by
Hindeson.—Judgement deferred.

Ankle, fie.

GAlDeita.syssterday rhat eh M-rr,7
fuux committed, 'u' stealing a q untity of link
waning apparel,. tle property of Mr. Moor.
,r-street.

ui.oCE-Chrefeli—YeSterdaY tWO pm:*
'vete" fined £CIO each, for hawking waistcoaqiictis
parses, &c. not being licenced pedlars,

.DIIA Lt.—Yesterday, Varrian Pilfita,rh:44
rolin Let/beater, and .—. Wilson, were chargo
Sitting Magistrate by Mr. Limeberi,
boat and shoe maker in Cheapside—the first
eating, and the three last with receiving, a Inn
uantity of boots and shoes, the property of Nrr,
imehere.
ft appeared.that, from a letter written by the pri,
i
toner Pullen to his master, he there confessed thathe
if ad committed a great number of de .1 i pre_at.ons on hii
l'snaster, instigated therete.by the pri..oner Bates, who
Itad offered at all times to supply him with money,
And whom he accused with being the means of brie g.
'az him to ruin, by.seducing him to the acts he had
mmitted ' • who had advised him as to the means of
.disposing of the- property stolen ; and who gave for
me pairs sixteen shillings a pair, and for other 14.1.
In consequence of the information disclosed in Pol.
ten's letter, Mr. Limebere procured seanh wli rants
against the other prisoners. On the Officers goinv to
the house of Thomas Bites, who keeps a shop, 110,
, Bartholomew Close, they found only his son at
"home. They informed the son for what purpose du
'came, who denied having any property of Mr. Lime.
'bere's ; but en the Officers searching the shoe, :a a
.cupboard they found twelve pair of boots and six lasts,
which Mr. Limeberc and his foremen identified ;obit
property. In some of
.them Mr. Limebere's mart/
bad been partially erased, and the name of Bates sub.
stituted. When asked by the Odicers how he ac.
eounted for having such property in his possessioo, he
I stated that he had bought them of a Mr. King, and
said he could produce a bill and receipt, but on
searching two files, no such bill or receipt was found.
Mr. HARMAN, the prisoner's Attorney, objected,
that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a
commitment, inasmuch as the prosecutor could not
swear that those identical boots were swim, by.die
prisoner Pullen, or that there was any proof of the
money paid by Bates for.thetil,This.objection, how.
ever, the Alderman overruled. .
On the premises of the prisoner Ledbeater were
found two pair of unfinished boots and several lasts,
and in the shop' of the prisoner Wilson two.pairof
boots.—They were all committed fur trial.
, Sunday, amin of very genteel appearance hired a
1-h tckney-coach at Bishopsgate-street, and desired to
i la..t set down at the entrance of Lyon's Inn, in Wych-
caret i on the coach 7stoppirig, he open. d !),. day,
leaped out, and made his way through the I. n ; en
the coachman alighting he went into the Inn to look
for his fare, but all trace of his passenger was lost.
Monday, at eleven o'clock in the 14enoon, it jour-
neyman plaisterer, at work outside a house in Nevil's
Court, Fetter-lane, fell from the scaffold three stories
high, by which he was sn shockingly hurt, that he
died on his way to the hospital. . .
Monday evening, as a sociable, with two-Ladies in
it, was turning into Bruton-street from Band-street,
f the springs of the carriage broke, by which the foot.
men who were standing .behind were thrown on tilt*
backs on the pavement and one of them severely is.
jured. * The Ladies escaped unhurt., .
Tuesday afternoon,_ about sit o'clock, a fine boy,
eleven yea's of age, named GEORGE Woman.% fell
from a float of timber moored near the Old Barge
House into the Thames, and was drowned. The body
remained under water near three quarters of an hour.

PRICE. OF HOPS IN THE BOROUGH MARKET.
SAGS. POeirrs.
Cent 41. is. to 41. Os. Kent • 41. 15s. to 71. Ns
fusses 31. 10e. to 51. Os. Susses 31. 154. to
• COAL MARKET, Sept. 19. •
Ships at Market bold Prices.
27 Newcastle 474. 64. to 6K K •
4 Sunderiand 3 475. Oi. to 491. OIL
2 Welch 4ft. Od. to 755. Od.
1 Cinders 1 36.. Cd.
1 Culni 1 635. Od.
HADDINGTON, SEPT. 14.—New Wheat sold from 346. to 50$.
Carley about 2s. per boll dearer, best 34s current prices as. w
12.. Some new Parley in market, which sold from 365. to 345.
Oats same as last day, best 275. current prices 235. to °..55. Pes►
and Beans about .51. dearer, best 3.11 current price 305. to &See...
Average price of Wheat 435. 2d. 10-12ths per boll.

~.. _ • , .
Ilia-----1-f--,-,- —141144.-1---topp.WS. a, , ifIDDI. B-Sit iiria/60.
AMER '
104,CiirrAT. • - ..
- • -V.r. -.4
: s • - • 1., . 'i. • their - • .tf th-tegrittePert. %Liu .
. 743 C —
1--- Hari: an& Aiiiiiis Privet e were ' • to hatkellfileihis.iersa what they coed,. , • Elmo'
IT, fanowgzili Hileaitir 'if.« - .
1:,,,,„pq,0". ai;-..1 a Ceeihannt Wei e •werelndicted fareistatis!oodttet tots" first .4., : ,kit coots!pstisi--iiiisfa They attached; w4i fully_ c
ltralitt is earliraNta ,-, . , „„vig. Alkali:a, altd as koust.of John Fairweather, a publican, eel*** • ' 'r. ••• ; • sad hia wrifs with that bludgeon', and watria
l'" •
generally e •
..,„,
.. • ; and ..it . _
dpon-itte-Green, a place situated between Merle - after cutting him sioleutly on the head, and:.Cursitor-sti
were • • • ' .. • , for the
amitenment a 57:11. cl
_ii• ' ' "."--. .41 two rehearsal and Brentford, upon the banks of the Thames; on the, tearing almost all the clothes ot his back, (the tat- THAMES
of the T - " c ,r ' - -"' ""- a Prologue. SOth of June and Ist of July last. tered-and bloody remains of which
,• were exposed in wete fined
....,*;. 4 . lki' ;* The prisoner, Harris, was a fisherman, and witkaii Court), they insisted on carrying Hindeson to the ' silk parses,
OCCASIONAL Pidliblithi TO nnvili*erny OF CATO. a strong Burdettite, so strong a one as-to threaten de- watch house, and he remained under confinement far
Wine In the *,e *e ionnds alarms, GUILDIC
, struction to all who dared to differ from Ns political thirty hours !
And mad Beanie Wakes the world to arms; creed. On the Ist of June last, this staunch fisher- The watchmen finding that Hindeson was going -before the Beitg, John
While Asia mounts, amid her ries& plains, - man decorated his boat with blue ribbons, underneath to proceed against them, indicted him and his wife is„,
