L4IV IIti7:ELLIGENCE.

AFACHiS COI;RT, APRIL. 29.
IBLACKNIORE i%E TlifshPV. AGAIKST LUMEN.

This l% as proceeding promoted by the
Churc;iwardefs of the Pariah of atrting, in the
vanity rf ez.:st,c.:, by :ea..nit of an incebti:ons mar•
ti4ge. It i-tearf.d in il.:s case, that William U. der,
a;ler the de.sta of hrs (who was the wittow ct
Thorrai Ws 1 :AG ) irarriet. :•silury Walron. a Jaughttr
by her former liiisbana. There was nu appeal ance
given on ti.e part et the defendant.
The Learned Judge (Sir „I. NICIVILL) after the
evidence had been read, uas of opinion that'the
charge against the husband was clearly proved, and
pronounced the marriage to be null and wid tinder
the Canon Law, and condemned the defendant in the
costs of the suit, and ordered him to do the usual pe.
nance in such cases.

A similar proceeding was they heard against the
wife, when the same decree was pronounced.

At Covent Garden Theatre, last night, Mr.
KENIBLIL performed, for the second time this season,
the part of Coriolanus :—he was, on his entrance,
greeted with three distinct rounds of applause, and
received throughout those warm testimonials of ap.
probation to which his merits sn justly entitle him
Mari-Jews, who has been performing with great
applause in Edinburgh, has proceeded to Dublin,
where he is now playing at the Crow.street Theatre.
INertn.,w succeeded him at Edinburgh.
The Benefit so humanely given by the Manager of
the Edinburgh Theatre, to the distressed widow and
children of the late Mr. Ere was the greatest over-
flow ever remembered in that City.
Sunday se'nnight, about six o'clock in the morn-
ing, Mr. KaAN, the Actor, evinced his pugilistic skill
with some stray opponents who assailed him in the
streets of Glasgow. He had been entertaining Mr.
TYRER, Mr. JOHNSTONE, and other members of the
Glasgow Company at a super. The patrole did not
seize the combatants; and Mr. KEAN was conducted
by a friend to the Buck's Head Inr, without having
sustained any material injury.
A letter from an Officer in Lord Exsiotmes fleet,
dated the 28th nitimo. states, that it was intended the
fleet should not leave the station until the Porte had
acknowledged our sovereignty over the lonian Islands,
but this and some other negociations that were on the
Lapis, it was expected, would not detain the ships
longer than the first week in April. The following
letter elucidates the contents of the above :
" GENOA, Arum 13.—0 n the 11th instant we sent

a few hasty lines to acquaint you of the arrivill in this
port of his Majesty's ship Calypso, Captain Sisson,
from Algiers, with 51 Genoese and Sardinian sub-
jects, ransomed from slavery by Lord Exmouth. It
seems that his Lordship demanded of the Dey the
delivery of the above slaves, who were granted
to his Lordship on his promise to pay five hundred
hard dollars for each slave but a • subsequent
Treaty of Peace was concluded on the sth instant,
between his Sardinian Majesty and the Dty of
Algiers, through the Isicdiation of Lord Exmouth,
in which it is agreed that no trilwic is to k/iaid, and
that the subjects of Sardinian Majesty are to en-
joy the same privileges as the British and French in
that Regency. His Lordship intended to sail on the
6tb for Tunis, and afterwards for Tripoli, in all pi 0.1
bability for the same object. It is reported that all
the subjects of the Seven Islands that were in slavery
. at Algiers were delivered up without ransom, being
uncle: the British protection?".

TIIE PRINCE REGENTS COURT.

Yesterday, at one o'clock, a guard of honour,
commanded by Colonel NAPIER, marched into the
Court-yard of Carlton House, preceded by the band
of the Sd regiment of' font guards, in their state uni-
forms. They played a number of very 6r.e pieces
with great taste and execution during the afternoon.
The Officers of the Court in attendance were
The Lord Ctsamberlain, the. Marquis of Winchester as Groom
of the Stele and Lord in waltin, the Lord Steward, the Comp-
troller if ?ht. Houbetiiil4, the lion. Colonel Stanhope, Groom its
Waltio:., the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard, Equerry in
:ailing! Major-General Vivian, Silver Stick, Colonel Barton,
I'ag.. ul Lioat.,o, Master :::with, State Page, the Corps of Gril-
-1 ileulto Peushmers, the Yeomen of the Guard, &c.

At three r,'.:loLk the Right Honourable the LORD
.blAsort, the Aldermen, Recorder, Sheriffs, and other
Officeis, and the Common Council of the City of
London, waited upon the PRINCE REGENT, at Carl.
ton Home, with the Addresses, which were read by
Sir .lows Sitvrm Ent 13411. the Recorder.

To tlie Address and Petition praying the PRINCE
P. II( ;CNT to intei fete in the behalf of the Protestants
of Fr.tnce, his Royal Highness was pleased to return
the following most gracious answer:
't he just cruse entertained by bls Majesty's subjects of the
value and importance of religious toleration, is necessarily caku•
lated to excite in their minds strong feelings of uneasiness and
rear, t at any appearance of the want of it in other nations of the
world,

" In such feelings, when called for and justified by the occa-
sion, I shall ever participate • and whilst I lament the circum-
stances winch led to your Address, I derive great satisfaction
from the persuasion that they are in no degree to be attributed to
an indisposition on the part of the Government of France to af-
ford to the freedom of religious worship the benefit of its pro-
mined protection and support."

To the Address of CongratnlaCon on. the Peace,
his Royal Highness was graciously pleased to return
the tollowino. answer :

" I thank you for tilt, loyal and dutiful Mdreots.

46 I accept with great saistection your rangratulvienn upon
the conclu.ion of Piace, on term.. tosinurabie and advantageous
to this country and to Europe, It tiny jei!ly he regarded as the
adequate result of a victory, which, outer tho favour of Divise
PsovirieNer, is th;efty to he ascribed to :he unictratieled exer-
tions ul British valcii.r, and as the wi:ll.e:atied reward of that
characteristic fortitude and pubiic spiry which was so eminently
displayed by all classes of hi, Majasty's suii.Vcts on the recur-
rence of hostilith.,."

They were all received very graciously, and had
the honour of kissing the hand of his Royal High.
ness. After whicn his Loyal Hiplines: Ras pleased
to confer the honour of Knighthood on THOS. BMX,
Esq. one of the Sheriffs.

Friday morning F:ince LEnrOLD of COBURG went
to visit intend.-d c:'nsort, at her residence at Cran-
bourn Lodge. His S,rene Highness was accompa-
nied by the QUEL:., Princesses AUGUSTA, ELIZABETH,
and NIA nY. A sumptuous entertainment was pro-
vided fur them by her Royal Highness. In the eve-
ning her MAJEsry had a select party at the Castle.—
The Princess CJIAItLf,ITE of WALES was indisposed
on !;aturday with a slight headache ; in the afternoon,
hos% ,:ver, she was much better.

Etr
ly yesterday morning, Lord -I.,Ames MURRAY,
the Lord in Waiting att;iched to Prince LcovoLD of
Crut•iic, Rourrr Cticszeit, Esq. the As'istant
:%Lit,tt:r Cuenioniei, left London for the coun-
try icsish.nce vt t;ir insert' BANKS, un Smallberry-
y,ieen, ucar licia,l.,w, for the purporpe of roceivinx
Prince Lkorucn conduJing his Serene
in ,rate Los.ion.
I fer MAJE.s-.v, Princesses Eta:tarn' and MAriii,
arrived at the Queen's Palace, about twelve, from
Windsor.

Her Royal Hig:lness the Princess ClisntoTrx of
WALES, attended by the Countess of Imitesi ea and
Col. A une.Natioxe, arrived at Carlton House at half-
past one. The people who were assembled received
her Royal Highness with every mark of respect,
which she most graciously acknowledged.
Prince LEo-poLo of COBURG and suite left Windsor
yesterday morning, a little before eleven, in two of
the Regent's travelling;-carriages, and arrived at the
honse of Sir JOSEPH BANKS, on Smallberry.green,
About twelve, where his Serene Highness was received
with every mark of respect, and a most sumptuous
repast provided for him. A little after two, his Serene
Highness entered a carriage of the Prince Regent's,
drawn by six beautiful bays. to proceed to London
in state—the Coachman, Postilion, Footman, and Out-
tiders in their state liveries, preceded by the Prince
Regent's State Coachman on horseback. His Serene
Highness's suite travelled in another carriage. They
arrived at Clarence House, St. James's Palace, at
half-past three, where a concourse of people were as-
sembled to greet his arrival, who received him with
repeated huzzas. Lord JAMES MURRAY proceeded
to Carlton House soon after, to inform the PRINCE
REGENT of the arrival of his Serene Highness. The
PRINCE REGENT, in return, sent the Marquis of WIN.
CHESTER to congratulate the Prince upon his arrival
in London. The arrival of his Serene Highness
having been communicated t►o the QUEEN, the Prin-
cesses, and the Duke of YORK, Mr. DEssnow, the
Vice-Chamberlain to the Queen,- Sir EDWARD STOP.
toad, an• Attendant on the Princesses, and Colonel
Coate, Aid-de-camp to the Duke of York, were sent
to congratulate his Serene Highness upon his arrival
in London. In the evening his Serene Highness had
a select party to dine with him at Clarence House.—
Among the company were Colonel 'I'IIoRNTON, Mr.
CHESTER, Lord JAMES MURRAY, Colonel STEPHEN,
SON, the Marquis of CHOLMONDELEY, Mr. ADDEN•
BROKE, Lord W. GORDON, Sir W. Mr.
PERCY, CONDI HARDENBURG, Sir R. GARDNER, &c.

The letters received from the Continent for some
time past have been filled with •arious and contra-
dictory rep3rts respecting the interesting subject of
the alterations in the Ruuian Tariff. The following
was received yesterday :

COPT 01 A LETTER ADDICESSILD TO SAINVEL THORNTON, ESQ.

GOVERNOR OP 7 MK RUSSIAN COMPANY.

" St. Petersbwrgb, March 21 (April 2).
"In reference to the fetter had the honour to write you the
14th (Y6th) March, I beg to mention, for the information of the
Court of Assistants of the Russia% Body, that the Tariff is not
yet published. I must also request of you the favour to correct
that part of the said, letter which stated, that Ale was to be per-
mitted to be imported.
" I am now assured that all MakLiquors continue prohibited,
except English Porter—Rum is also prohibited to the i st January
1219.—Fine Broad Cloth is to be permitted, except Black ;
coarse and common cloth contimie prohibited. I consider it my
duty to transmit from time to time such reports on this interes-
ting topic as appear to be worthy of credit. I cannot, however,
too strongly urge the danger of acting upon them, both on ikcoount
of the misinformation on which they may be grounded, and the
liability the whole is under of being changed end! Issued in form
front the Directing Senate'

BRITISH aid FOREIGN SCHOOL SOCIETIES.

Yesterday a very numerous and elegant assemblage
of the Ladies and Gentlemen of Southwark, and its
extensise vicinity, took place at the Horns Tavern,
Kennington, pursuant to public advertimenc, for
the purpose of establishing an Auxiliary Foreign and
British School Society, with a view to the formation
of a School for Southwark and its vicinity, in co-ope-
ration of the principlvs up,n Ow general Fo-
' reign and British School Society is Intmdecl.
His Royal Highness the Duke of SUSSEX, Patron,
in the Chair; supported by his Royal Highness the
Duke of KENT.

Mr. ALLEN, one of the Society rf Fritnes, opened
the business of the day, and after nn impressive ad-
dress to the meeting, pointing out the advantages 01
educating the poor, upon the plan established by the
British and Foreign S-hool Society, conciu,led by
mov;ng a Resolution, expressive of the cor:c••r:ence
of this meeting in the system of Education reccms-
mended by that Society.
Mr. WILLIAMS, in a speech c f sorr• length, which
was received with the greazerA applause, seconded this
resobni,,n.

The illustrious Chairman then put the question,
which was carried unanimously.
Mr. Co BARCLAY, M.P. for ti.e Borough, then came
forward, and expressed his warmest approbatien of
the object of the Meeting, and concluded by moving,
Th4t a Society be framed, to he called the Auxi-
liary Society for Southwark and its vicinity, for the
purpose of establishing u school within those districts,
and 4or co-operating with the British and Foreign
School Society, in promoting the great cause of. na-
tional education."
The Duke of KENT, the Rev. ROWLAND HILL,
Mr. B. SHAPE, M.P. and several other Gentlemen,
addressed the meeting in support of the Rcsulution,
which was carried unanimously.

Thanks were then voted to their Royal Highnesses
the Dukes of KENT and SUSSEX, for the condescending
manner in which they had honoured the company
with their presence and support, and the meeting
adjourned.
