COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

A Court of Common Council was held on Monday, for the passel
dk.p_atch of public business.
Upon a motion of Mr. Deputy Or.ozan, the General Purees
Committee were instructed, under a former reference, to bring in a bill
for extending the period for the election of Aldermen.
The LoaD Al Amoy:kid before the Court a requisition he had re-
ceived for a Court to be held, for the purpose of considerine!ieLe_pert
of the Whoksale Dealers' Committee, with a bill for enab
to take the oath of a freeman, according to the forms ofag' ownrageLreport was then brought forward by Mr. Deputy Oldham, and
agreed to, and the bill was read a Ent and second time, and rehired to
the Committee, to 611 up the blanks therein, and to report the same to
the next Court.
• reference was made to the Navigation Committee, to consider the
expediency of gplying to Parliament to authorise the granting on fees
certain parts of the soil or bed on each sided the river Thames, as a
fund for the repairs of Biackfrius-bridge. The removal of the shoals
on the river, or other works that may be necessary there, in consequence
of the New London-bridge ; and also for other public works and im-
provements of the City, and to repot.
The Clerk of the Work's Report of the estimated expense of repairs
to public buildings in the ensuing half year, wee laid before the Court,
and ordered to be printed, and be was directed to report to the
Gaol Committee of Aldermen a particular of the repairs to be done to
the prisons.
Several reports from the Committee of City Lands were presented and
Weed The Courtethen proceeded to consider the adjourned report from that
Committee, eting the Superintendent of the City Artificers, and
after motida discussion,
Resolved. that the said office should be abolished at the close of the
present zest.
Mr. (Ammo" Pxeusow twigged a speech of some leer
moving " that the City Lends Committee be directed to cause a
lowing words to be removed from the inscription on the monument,
fled furor Papisticus qui tarn dim papal* noodum restingaitur c' and
also, ' this was set up in perpetual rentembeance of the most
dreadful burning of this Protestant City, begun and carried on by the
baand nialke of the Popish faction. In the beginning of Septem.
the year of our Lord, 1666, in order to the effecting of thek
horrid plot for the extirpating the Protestant religion and English liber.
ties, and to introduce Popery and slavery.'"
The motion was seconded by Mr. Deputy OLDNA4I, and agreed to
by a considerable majority.
The nest Court was appointed for filling up the vacancy of keeper of
Bunblil-fields burial-ground.
The Court referred it to the General Purpose' Committee to watch
the progress of a Bill pending in Parliament, for the repeal of certain
Acts relative to Oaths and the Oath of Abjuration.

STATE OF THE COITXTBI:

DORSETBH IRE.

Wistaciass, Dac. WeinisiayUorning a fire broke out
at the fum at Old Lunn. Hutu been to the place t it feu very lone
places and I cannot find that any suspicious persons had been seen
about the premises. A straw.riek atmht fire, which was consumed,
and without injuring any of the corncks or ises which were very
near. It must have beat the act etas
