IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSR OF LORDIS, Nov. It
The Earl of H ARDWICKE presented a petition from Lynn, for a
',peal of the duty on coals boene coastways.
The Duke of RICHMOND, in the absence of the Rarl of Winchil.
sea, presented a petition from Tenterden, fora reduction of taxes, snd
reform in Parliament.

Petitions for the abolition of negro slavery, woe pri melted frost seve-
ral parte of the country by Earl Spencer, the Duke of Norfolk, die
Rarl of Essex, Lords ftl'harneliffe, Suffield, and CaWrap., the Earl of
Metros, Lord Data, the Duke of Richmond, the Bi.hopa of Pet, rbo.
rough and of Bath and Wells, and 1 671 in number, by tire Doke of
Olcuce%ter.

Lord WYNFORD. on presenting a similar peti,ion from a place
in Northumberland, said. he trusted the principle of indemnity to the
holders of West Indian property would not be overlooked when discuss-
ing the question of the abolition of slavery in the ettlunies.
RESIGNATION OF THE DUKE; OF IVELLINGTON.
The Duke of WF.I.LINGTON approached the table, and in a voice
scarcely audible. on account of a severe hoarseness. sool—" 31y Lords.
1 deem it my duty to inform your lordships. that in consequence of
what occurred last night in the other House of Parlitment, I telt it
right to wait this morning on the King, and tender his Majesty the re.
signation of the office which 1 hold ; that his Majesty has been pleased
to accept of my resignation ; and that I continue in my present avua
lion only till a successor shall have been appointed." Having made
this declaration, the noble duke left the house.

Lord TRYNII Al, in consequence of the declaration just made to
their lordships, felt it his duty to pompone his niot.vn, w ieh stood for
that evening, relative to the distress of the working cl ‘sses, to Ow t day
fortnight.
Earl OROSVENt►R wished to know from the Noble Earl opposite.
whether it was true that be had bounwed the appointment of t 'irk to
the Privy Council, vacant by the suilden death of Ilr. Hulks, on sty
Individual P If rightly infwmed, the vac. ncy bad be, n tilled up by
the Noble Earl within twenty-four hours of its emitter ee—a haste he
thought not becoming with a p;:tent office of so much emolument.
Larl HATHUEST was understood to tilt that no appointment had
taken place.
Adjourned at half-past five o'clock.

HOUSE OF CC/11314.N3, Nov. IG.
The stairesse leading to the gallery was crowded with strangers at
eleven o'clock, waiting with patience the opening of the gallery .it
one. In live minutest after that hour every seat was occupied, to the
great disappointment of numbers, who bad been waning in the lobbit
and the different avenues of the house, in hopes of obtaining mini-sit it
after the first lush for places was over. The SPEAKER took the chair
at three o'clock.

Mr. NORTH and several new members took the oath at d their teats.
land STHATHAVEN presented a petition from Fenny .carton,
praying fur Jrwish emar.cipaion.
Sir R. (WESLEY prevented a pi titinn from 500 inhabitants of
Sunderland. praying for a rrpeal of the duty on sea.burre coal. A
similar petition from the merchants of Sunderland was presented by
Lord K . POIMIZTT.

CIVIL ill?.

On the motion of Sir 11. Ymoirs.t., Sir James Graham and land
Norther sere added to the conionitee appointed to inquire into the
expenses of the civil

NEGRO StAvtur.
Petitions praying for the abolition of Negri slavery were presented by
Mr. Trail, front Thurso; by lard Stradivari, from Fenny Stanton; by
Mr. Whitbread, from Bedford; by Mr. lafroy. from Eilsraeross and
Eve other plasm is Ireland; by laird F. Warne, too from Cain.
beidgeshlre • by 3lr. Dalrymple, from Harldagton : by Lord Althorp,
Oben a paris:h in Neediamphmellim ; by Sir J. *Donald, hone Calue ;
by Ms F. Blake. fon Isowldmia.Tiresil and Bbbop Wes/mewl ; by
Sir W. Foil" from Cradegbooko In Norfolk Mr. Trvili three
trim Essex; by Sir T. Ayifiadr dose from Drvosebite; by Mr. Deo.

I

l

Man, two ftom Nottingham ; by Lord G. Cavendish, seared from Der-
by ; by Mr. W. IV !Atmore, front o,westry ; and by Mr. Pane, from
Chipping Norton.
Lotd ALTHORP presented a petition from a parish in the county
of Mayo. praying for the establishment, at the public expense, of some
mode of religious instruction, by which Protestants and Catholics might
alike be bent fitted.
