. . • .
-• of tho Affennt States to furnish their respective
_AUX It 144 -
certain.how fong
laqusottessesoneftheoflooaon,Tress.men,lort
is
senredot by the act of the
SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES, NOV. 11.
Mr. WHITE submitted the following Resolution s ,
Resolved, That the President of the United States cause to be yore last Friday. Dispatches were received nay on **directions were issued, but it could not
. leave heat,
laid before the Senate, copies of all the Orders or Decrees of the i• turday night ; their contents have not transpired.
belligereut powers of Europe, passed since 1792, affecting the It is the general opinion, that much of the early husi-
commercial ights of the Unit States.
Mr. HIRLLHOUSE propoesded the following Resolution: iI nos of t Session will be transacted with cksed
In short, nothing engages the attention gi the
Resolved, That it is expedient that" the Act eutitled "An Act doors.
layiug an Embargo on all ships and vessels in the ports and bar- citizens here more than the order whith General
boors of the United States;' and the several Acts supplementary Wpoltrceld.,,his
thereto, be repealed, and that a Committee be appointed to pre. men in
readiness
untrmarcootatereesheorteisiersil
pare and report a bill for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH (of Md.) objected to an early conside- law Yostio, NOV. 17.
ration of this motion, because the pressure of the em- Captain Doan, arrived at Boston from Havannah,
bargo was not equal to what the Gentleman had informs the Editor of the Boston Gazette, that the
stated, and that the preparations for fitting buf our intercepted letter from Talleyrand to Mr. Jeterson,
vessels by merchants are not predicated upon theoup- was publicly read
la by the Governor of the Hperated avannah;
position of a repeal of the embargo ; the documents and that the populace became so exas at it, as
accompanying the President's message had not been to threaten and insult almost every American they
considered ;he therefore objected to an early day. I met with ; that the Officers of Government Were ex-
Mr. WHITE wished Monday or Tuesday next, the , tremelyirritatedat the conduct of our Administration,
documents being then before the Senate : he wished ! that their suspicions of our unfriendliness towards
this .motion to be acted on before Mr. Giles's of yes- ; them were greatly strengthened by. Talleyrarid's let-
terday. I ter ; and that the American Captains found it ncces-
Mr. Hreenousz thought the shutting up our corn- I sary to present an address to the' Governor, request-
merce as destructive as the orders and decrees. He i ing him to suspend his opinion of the views of Ame-
wished an early discussion, because in Connecticut a ; rice towards Spain, until he is assured of the authen-
report, proceeding from a person in the Administra-I ticity of this letter, or had received some special come
tion, had been in circulation o that the embargo was , munication from the President.
to be removed." The expectation of a repeal was I BALTIMORE, NOVEMBER 11.
grounded upon the supposition that the embargo was I
Out correspondent at. Annapolis informs us, that
not productive of benefit to ourselves, but of serious ;
President of the United States has called upon the
disadvantages : nor wa6 it productive of tau injury ;Executive the
Maryland
of to have. 6000 Militia ready
contemplated upon the belligerents. He wished an i
, to march at a moment's warning.
early day—say Monday. • 1 A letter from Washington, dated November 6,
General BRADLEY objected to this discussion. The
Sunday evening:" Yesterday, some of the gentle-
rule of the Senate directed, that resolutions of th ,
of our house waited on the President, rirho ap-
kind in question shall lie on the table one clay for men
prated to converse with freedom on the great con-
consideration. cern: of this country and of Europe. He remarked,
Mr. Loot]) (a new Senator from Massachustetts,..
-i•-woir propositions. had been made by our Government
in the room of Mr. John Quincy Adams) submitted .
the following resolution : ito Great Britain, to suspend the embargo, if they
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request. I would remove the Orders in Council ; and that they
ed to cause to be laid before the Senate a statement, 'hewing tht I paid no attention to the proposals. 'He further re-
number of vessels which have departed from the United States, I marked, that them seemed to be but three modes left
with permission, between the 22d December, 1607, and the 90th I for as to prob....a continuance of the embargo, war
September, 1808, specifying the names of vessels and tbeir owners, !or übm The last no Amerkan can be sodas:
the size of the vessels, the dates of their clearances, the ports or • - S- Ulla°ll6 ,
places for which they were destined, and the amount authorized ! tardly as to comply with—to fight, our great P> i•
to be brought back to the United States in each of such vessels. dent has never !hewn any strong predilection—there-
General Smoke (of Md.) called up his resolution fore, we may fairly infer that the embargo must be
of yesterday respecting the Militia Laws of the . the derni:r resort. From all the information I can
United States. I obtain, I have n o doubt this divine 'ilea:wee is the one
On the question being taken on its passage, it s- !in contemplation; but lamby no means certain that
ceil in the affirmative ; and Messrs. Smith (Md.), I the, administration and their adherents dare hazard
Sempter, and Bradley, were appointed a Committee , the operation of those laws Much longer."
in conformity thereto. i
Mr. BARCLAY presented a memorial from the mei., l,
chain s of Philadelphia, stating a disagreement in repi-;
nion between them and the Collector of the Port, with I
respect to the construction of the embargo laws.—
Ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. REED (of Md.) submitted the following Reso-
lution :
Resolved, That in future the Secretary procure for the use of
the Senate, btationary of the. manufacture of the United States, or
of some territory thereof.
The Scnatc: proceedzil to consider the motion made
yesterday by Mr. Giles, and having agreed to the
same, it was ordered that Messrs. Giles, Smith (of
Md.) Bradley, Hillhouse, and Pope, be a Committee
for the purrose mentioned therein.
After the consideration of some executive business,
the Senate adjourned until Monday.

THE EVENING Si':~ti.

LONDON.

MONDAY, DECEMBER W.

Sr. Srstnen.—bio business dohe at the Stock Eva .

PRICE OF STOCKS ON SATURDAY.
3 per Cent. Red, Ann. 6511.4 -India Bonds. 4s. 51. pram
per Cent. Cons. shut Ex. Bilk, Ss. 6s. pee.
4 per Cent. Slit Onsntum 11 dis.
5 per Cent. Navy shut State Lottery Tickets,
Bank Long Ann. 18 1.16 Cons. fee ace. 661

It appears by accounts brought from Oporto by the I
Search, BLOOMFIELD, which sailed from thence on the
28th ult. that the affairs of Portugal do not proceed in
that manner which might be desired and which there
was reason to expect. The re-establishment of the Re-

LEGISLATURE OF NEW YORK—NOV. S.
Mr. Bulkley, of Madison, offered a Resolution,
for requesting the Representatives of this 6tate, in
the Congress of the United States, to use their endea-
vours to get the embargo laws repealed. Ordered to
lie on the table. •
The House went into a Committee of the whole on ,
a bill sent down from the Senate, which was stated
to be of such importance as to demand the immedi-
ate
attention of the House. The two first clauses which.
related to the inspection of flour in the County of
Kings, passed without a debate.
The third clause was then read, the object of which
was, to allow the exportation of flour from :his state,
which had been marked bad by the inspectors.
Mr. Van Vetchen expressed his astonishment at the
introduction of such a clause, and, in a few words,
exposed its absurdity. He contended, that it would
wholly defeat the object of our laws for the inspection
of flour : that the character of New York flour was
now high in foreign markets. owing to the severity
of our inspection laws ; but that, if this provision fail-
ed, it would open the door, nay invite, to innumer-
able impositions, and destroy the credit of the flour of
this State. He could discover no good reason for
the measure.
A New York Member, Mr. Fairlie if we mistake'
not, undertook to explain the object Of this claude—
He said, that in consequence of the merchants. noel
being allowed to export bad flour, the citizens of New
York were compelled to eat it ; that the bakers istt
posed upon them, &c.
At length, atter a little boggling and hesitation,
the petition on which the clause was grounded was
read ; when, behold ! it appeared, that, in conse-
quence of the embargo, large quantities of flour had
soured and spoiled in New Yolk ; and that if the
owners could be permitted to export it, they might 1,
send it to Great Britain, where it might be used by °
the manufacturers for starch
Was there ever a more striking picture of the de-
gradation of our country ? The embargo was laid
to starve the British ; and the non-importation act to
ruin her manufactories. This has been openly avowed
by the democrats in the House of Assembly, who
have exultingly referred to the riots at Manches-
ter, as a proof of the effects of these measures.---Now 1
an application is made to the legislature, by our own
citizens, for permission to expert their floor, spoiled
by the embargo, for the purpose of making starch for 1
the use of the very manufacturers whom this embargo
was intended to starves thus giving to the British the
same flour, at a reduced price, which, but for the em-
bargo, they would have purcjtased at our own price.
—fotirely, u the embargo tells," as the Register Tays.
NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 31.
General Torreon, Minister of the Einpvlua of
France, lats arrived at Washington.
tatract of a letter from Washington, to the Editor
of the Roemer Wilito dated November 7, 1808 :
a It is of some hisportance that you should know
that beide* has commanded all the Governors
_ _

gency has not been followed by a return to order and
tranquillity. The provisional government seems to
be without authority or influence, particularly in the
Northern provinces; and it would appear from the
subjoined document that the British troops are viewed
in nearly the same light as the French formerly were.
—To what ought this state of things to be ascribed ?
Have the French numerous partizans throughout
the kingdom ? Most probably they have many;
but this can only account partially for the pre-
vailing ferment. Is the Regency inefficient
We fear it is. But we apprehend that the principal
cause must be looke4 for in the absence of the Royal
Fa‘mily.—Whether the speedy return of the Govern-
ment to the parent country would remove the present
discontent and establish union, is problematical ; bur
there can be no doubt that the ignorant partialities of
the majority of the people must operate to pro-
duce a great dislike to the idea of the mother country
being rendered dependent on its own colonies.—To
many, any kind of independence, any Sovereign,
must appear more desirable than any foreign jurisdic-
tion whatever.

These discontents, we are concerned to state, have
produced real commotion: at Oporto, where the hos-
tility of the inhabitants was exerted against the British
troops in gatrison there, for supporting the present
Government. Several lives were lost before tran-
quillity was restored. We have not been able to learn
with precision the particulars of this affair; but it
will be seen by the following paper, that the disturb.
ance was of a serious nature.
PROCLAMATION
'43I:I4IIRAL OP POLICY.

Blr THE

.44 PORTUGUESE!—Where does your fury tramper!
you ? Do you suppose that the English are become.
French ? No, my dear countrymen, the English are
not come here in the character of conquerors, as the
Frenchmen did; they come to free us from the slavery
that oppressed us. If we deny this truth, we must
be reproached as an ungrateful people. The English
difi not enter Portugal from any motives of ambition ;
their motives are more generous, wise, and politic:
they knovi-very well that views of aggrandizement
, always tend to destroy the equilibrium that forms the
I fundamental law of nations. What Great Britain
aims at is only the restitution of all countries to their
lawful Sovereigns, Ah, incomparable George, how
1 great will be thy glary in future times I Where is,
• the Sovereign in Europe that does not at present owe
his crown to thee ? 'Thy same shall ever shine in the
