MONEY.

MESSRS. LUCAlancldo. beg leave to inform
those that may be in want and desirous of borrowing tem-
porary or permanent sums of money, that they can at alt times
advance any sum from 1001. to 20,0001. and upwards, on personal
w say other security arising from Marriage Settlements, Money
lathe Funds, Clergymen? Livings, or Freehold, Copykold, and
Leasehold Estates, on the most liberal and honourable terms.—
Personal applhption Messrealncas and Co. daily receive at their
house, No. 19, Jermyn-street, St. James's, either personally or by
letter, post-pald. N: B. Tta yews purcbaae will be given for
well-secured Annuities.

BRANSCOMB and CO. No. 37, ConmuLL ; No.
ss, HAYMARKET ; No. 11, HOLBORN; and No. 269,
STRAND. With their usual good fortune, Sold in last Lottery,
In 78 S.
No. 3,731

In previous Lottery :
5,000 No. 2, 618 .. £20,000
383 1,000
of 509 ... is —. 2,500 sof 500 ... •is ... 1,500
being Slates of almost cv.ry Capital therein; besides In last
Tor (1309), Six of .£20,000. and Capitals Loth. Amount of

... ... £20,000

4,554 ... ...

£250,000,
Are envy selling Tickets and Shares in the New Lottery, to be'
Drava Bth JUNE, in which the:t'are Four Grand Aims of 100
Ticktts each, which may produce to a Ticket £lOO,OOO ;and to
a Sixteenth, upwards of .CB,OZ.'O.
''`le Public will please to observe, BRANSCOMB and Co.
soli the Z •••7 and last of Prizes so given, which produced to the
fnrenate Holders X 30,000 ; the first ae30,000,; the last 1E25,000,
anti ocly 040,000 Prize ever Shared.

LAST LOTTERY, LATE LOTIT.ItY,
14th February, 1310. 201 h Oct6ber,l3o9.
I Prize of £20,000 2 Prises of £2OlOOO
1 5,000 1 5;000
T 1,000 3 -- 1,000
3 .---- 500 2 .--• 500

12 Capitals. I 8
Capitals.
RisH sold the above TWENTY CAPITAL
PRIZES in the Two last Lotteries, in Shares, at
No. 4, CORNHILL, and No. 9. CHARING-CROSS;
'Sieve Tickets and Shares are selling fnr the NEW LOTTERY,
44 be drawn the Sth of hi 1.?.. The :.ehetne is the same as the
list, but theContraetor makes a free (.ift of ._ _

FOUR HUNDRED WHOLE TICKETS
to th!! Bolder of the First-drawn Prize above £l3, by witicls a
it Ticket may gain the immense mu of Aloopoo, and
Sat S.r,coo.
Saheoles, with particulars, gratis ; and the fortunate holders,
of any Shares of the above Twenty Catital Prim, may receive
de money on deromul, or exchange their, Prises for Tickets and
Shares ..1 the New Lottery, of
No. s, CORNHILL, and 9, CHARING-CROSS.

SWIFT and Co.
ESPECTFULLY inforin the' Public, that they
have on Sale, the Tickets ;tad Shares of the
NEW LOTTERY,
,Ssrhkai win begin and finish Drawing on the Bth JUNE.
le Scheme is on the same approved Principle as the last,
-1 5,000 Numbers, with X 200,090 in Prizes, among
hi.. 11 are FORTY CAPITALS;
in addition to these, the Public are presented with Four
of EXTRA PRIZES
'l..ekets, four of a Number, by which the .Adventurer• has the
Cayce of gaining Four Prizes of £.20,006, by the Purchase of a
si4te Ticket. The following Cipital Prizes here been Shared
Ispold at their Offices, No. 11, Poultry; No. 1!, Charing
; and No. 31, Aldgate of reef.
41.'791 ••• X-V.0,000 4,099 • •*p 5 let°43
•1824
420,000 12,035 5,000
• ••• 20,000 2SI •• • s,rX'o
••• ••• ... 20,000 19,247 ••• 5;000
•• • •• • ... 10,000 11,599 . . 5,000
4.14 ••• ••• 10,000 90,429 ••• ••• 5,000
''• ••• •.. 10,000 7,951 ... at. ... 3,000
••• 23 •• • ... 9,000 19456 ..• •.. •• 5,000
,621 ... • •••• 10,009 15,984 "• ••• •• • 2,000
J 12
••• •• • ... 10,000 18,112 ••• •• 2,000
••• •• ... 10,000 11,159 2,e00
••• ••• 10,000 17,231 :;000
7,157 '•• • • 10,000 753 • 2,000
Mee of ... 10,000
the Ca*, gal' were Shared and Said at their Offices in

the bast Lottery.

•-
r-I'HIS Description of Insurance is of- inestimable
11 Importance to all Persons holding Annuities, Leases, or
Oates, dependent on lives, or whuseincomes cease with life.
' Example person thirty ye'srs of age may, by the small
annual payment of £l3. 7s. id. secure £5OO, to be paid (Co Lis
family, or otherwise, as he may direct) at his death. Any ether
stun may be insured like manner, and at any other age. -One
person may insure another's life, to the amount of any interest he
nay have in the eontinuance thereof. No Entrance Money or
Admission Fine required. No' Charge for Policies or Certit:cates
of Renewal. Ne Registry of Assignments required. A large
Conunission allowed to Solicitors, or other persons procuring in-
stlra-48 (4. . W. BEETHA.M, Secretary.
•
•
TO THE PROPRIETORS OF BAST-INDIA STOCK. •
LADIES AND GENTLESIEN' II
•
AVING the hOnOur -of being recommended to
you by the Directors of the East-India Company, as Candi-
dates for the'Direction to be chosen this year, we take tie Illi6rty
of requesting the favour of your Vote on the day of Elettiose
Wednesday the 11th of April next.
We are, Ladies and Gentlemen,

Your most obedient and most humble servants;
EAst India Honie, March US, J ACOI3 BOSANQUy.T.
16111 JOSEPH COTTON.
EDWARD PARRY.
THOMAS REID.
ROBERT THORNTON

TO THE PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA 51'OCK.
LADIES P.ND GENTLEMEN,
I,HE Election of Six Directors for the East India
Company, being appoirted for Wednesday, the 11th of April
next, the favour of your Vote and Interest is requested for the
following.Gentlemea,
EDWARD PARRY, Esq. JACOB BOSANQUET, Esq.
TI:ONIAS REID, Esq. JOSEPH COTTON, Esq.
P.OR:•:RT THORNTON, El.
Which will much oblige, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Your most humble servants,
East India House, March 28, 1810.
Thos. Theoph. Mete/die, Charles Grant,
. , George Milieu, William Act.,ll,
Charles Milli, Francis Baring,
James Nielson, John Alex. Bannerman,
Richard Chlch.,Plowden; John B 61),
Abraham Robarts, . James Daniell,
G. Abercrombie Robinson, Wm. Fullar. Elphinstor,
George Smith, • John I-Indies:on,
. . John 'Haden Taylor, Hugh Inglis,
Sweny Toone, John Inghs,
William Wigram, John Jackson,
Robert Williams, Campbell Marlarihankß.

I '0 BE SOLD, at Mr. Watlen'sPiano forte, Harp,
1 and Organ Camera, No. 5, Leicester-Place, Leicester-square,
Two PIANO FORTES, with addithatil Keys—second hand;
Cost Thirty-two Guineas—will be sold for Twelve Guineas only
each : these are excellent bargains. Ake a very highly-finished
second-hand Piano-Forte,by Broadwood,,price Twelve Guineas
only. The property of three different Ladies. .
To be seen front ten till four o'clock, and at nonsher time.
Also, a Harp, with alt the P..des, green Cover, and travelling
Case complete, price Ten Guineas.
•

SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS.
LADIES.—That superfluous Hairs are one of the
greatest drawbacks from the beauty and delicacy of the Fe-
male face, neck, arms, &c. is allowed by every man, from the
Prince to the peasant. To remove them, various preparations
have, Rom time to time, started up—but, most of them, having
been fatmd either inefficacious or deleterious, are fallen or falling
to the ground. In recommending TRENK's. DEPILATORY,
the proprietors will only observe, that it removes the Hairs in a
few minutes, without any pain or unpleasant sensation—that it
bas been happily applied and highly approved In the first circles of
fast:ion and rank ; and that for efficacy and innocence It mow
stands absolutely unparalleled and justly celebrated.
It is sold by special appointment, by Mr. PerrinfNo.f 3, South•
ampton-street,Covent-arden, in boxes, price ss. each. It is sold
also, by all the principal Perfumers and Veaders of Proprietary
Medicines in London. To Ladles in the country, enclosing pay-
inent, free of postage, to Mr. Perrin, it will be immediately for-
' warded.
This day was published, in five volumes, Bvo. price £2. 12s. 6J.
in boards.,
'THE GREEK TRAGIC THEATRE, contain-
ing Eschylus, by Dr. Potter ; Sophocles, by Dr. Franklin;
and Euripides, by 254. Woodhull, Esq. (a new Edition, revised and
corrected throughout by himself), with a Dissertation on ancient
Tragedy, by Dr. Franklin.
London : Printed for John Walker, T. Payne, Verrtor, Hood,
and Sharpe; R. Lea, J. Nunn, Cuthell and Martin, E. Jeffery,
Longman, Hurst, Rees, and Orme ; I.ackington, Allen, and Co.
I. Booker, J. Richardson Black, Parry, • and Kingsbury; J.
Faulder, J. Asperne, and J.Harris.
" In this uniform and complete edition of the Greek Tragic
Theatre, the Editor has selected those translations of the Greek
Authors which were most approved by the Critic and the Scho-
lar thus affording to the English Reader what has long been a
disideratum, a select and correct Edition of the Greek Drama in
our language."
•," A very few copies are taken off on wove imperial octavo,
price £lO. 105.
•

Lately publieled, t:le 6th Edition, price 2.5.
ATREATISE on DISEASES of
.the URE-
THRA, particularly describing the Symptoms attending
Strictures, Obstructions Fistulas, incontinency of Urine, Gleets,
&c. &c. To which is added, a variety of Cases shew log the effi-
cacy of Daran's Medicated Boogies, and A new and safe methodof
Treating a Gonorrhoea ; also, Remarks on Caustic Bougies, with
extracts from various Authors, uniformly proving the danger and
inefficacy of the Caustic.
By WM. DUFOUR, Surgeon,
Sole proprietor and Vendor of Daran's Medicated Bougies:
_ _

Published by J. Callow, No. 10, Crown •court,.Soho; the Au-
thor, No. 54, Frith-street, Soho; Gale and Curia, Paternoster-
row ;. Motley. and Co. Portsmoeth ; and Haydoo, Plymouth.

On the lit of May will be published, p4c. Ss. 6d.
Number XXNL ishlat commences the 6th Volume of

E RETROSPECT of PHILOSOPHICAL,
iiACHANICA-L, CHIMICAL, and AGRICULTURAL
DP3COVERIES ; containing a critizal account of every fact and
discovery in Arts and Science that has been made public during
the preceding, three months.
Printed for W. H. Wyatt, agent for obtaining patents for in-
ventions, Picket-street,Temple Bar, and sold by all Booksellers.
Of whom may be had complete Setts of this Work, in .5 Vo-
lumes, price £s.si Ss. in boards.
Also just published in 1 vol. 4to. embellizhed with 14 highly
• finished Engravings, price Lb 1 I s. 6d.
A DESCRIPTIVt and HISTORICAL ACCOUNT Of VARIOUS
PALACES and Post.= BUILDINGS, English and. Foreign, with
Biographical Notices of their Founders or .Builders, and other
eminent Persons. By James Norris Brewer.
Also just published, in 1 vol. royal 18ms. price 9s.
The Lames Tot LET, a work p)iming out to women whatever
'aids to promote, and warning them of what is pernicious to
h:alth and beauty, containing Directions for Dressing with taste
and elegance, and receipts for Preparing all the best and most
harmless coansetics proper for a Lady's use.

p
utt.suANT to a'llecree "of the Higii Court
of
Chancery, bearing date the 7th day of July, 1809, made
in
4mtain Causes, wherein his Majesty's Attorney• General at the'
Relation of the Reverend John Rodall, Clerk, and the Reverend.
John White, Clerk, Informant, and.the said John R udalt, Clerk,
and the said John White, Clerk, Plaintiffs, the Twelve Governors
of the Hereditaments and Goods of the Church of Crediton,
otherwise Kyrton. and Others, are Defendants; and between his
Majesty's- Attornry-Ceneral at the Relatkin'of William, Buller,
Esq. Informant, the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester,
and Othsta,
.Defendants; the Creditors of the Charity Estate
vested in the twelve Governors of the Hereditaments and Goode
of thi Church of•Crediton, otherwise Kyrton, are peretnpturily to
come in and prove their Debts before Roarer S reatx, Esq,
dile of the Masters of the said Court, at his Chambers, in South-
ampton-Buildings, Chancery-lane, London, on or before the 2lst
day of May-next, or in default thereof, they will be excluded the
benefit of the said Decree.

LORD SOMERVILLE'S FLOCK OF MERINO SHEEP.
TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION,
On Virednesdey the 2d and Thursday the 3d of May next,
rrHE WHOLE OF THIS STOCK, selected in
1800 and 1801, front sundry Leonesa Flocks, and bred
without any admixture of other blood.
The superiority of the Leonesa, over every other pile of Spaaish
Wool, is to be seen in the Prices Current of our own Weekly
Journals.
The reputation of this Flock is fortunately so well established,
as to demand no comment whatever, beyond the following state-
ment:
In 1806, the great Premium given for the best Merino Ram,
by the Board of Agticulture, was won by a Ram of this flock, bred,
in Etigletl.
In 1807, the Prize for the best Ram's Fleece, given by the Bath
and Vest of ineland Society, was'veon by a Rant of this flock,
and it was declared in print by the Committee of that Society,
(which, situated in the centre of the superfine cloth manufacturers,
has therefore been deereed corclusive) to be the finest fleece of
wool which had ever come under its examination. The Print of
this Sheep is to be found in Malcolm's Survey of Surrey, in Lau-
renceVl reatise on Live Stock, and in a late Publication on the
subject of Sheep, &c. by the Proprietor.
The symmetry of his form, and the aptitude to feed, demon-
strated by this animal in so extraordinary a manner, had, before
lite adjudication of this Prize, induced the Proprietor to breed
almost exclusively from him.
Lastly, any doubt of the superior value of these sheep, which
have never been beat iu any competition, is for ever removed by
the recent decision of the Bath Society, by which, Premiums
were offered last year as follows :
CLAss V. No. S. BRITISII net Wool.. "As many persons,
" whether mauufacturers or, others, still deny the practicability of
" producing in Great Britain, Wool equally fine with that fm-
" ported from Spain ; in order to put this question to atrial, from
" which there can be no appeal, a Premium of Ten Guineas is
" offered to the Manufacturer of the finest Piece of Navy Blue
" Broad Cloth, dyed in the Wool, not ler. than twenty-five yards
" in length, which shall be exhibited to the Society, on die day
" before the Annual Meeting in 1609, made from clothing Wool
" front the Sheep Tribe grown in any Coune e. The name of
" each Manufacturer, and pile or species of Wool, and of the
" Grower,' Of British) to be contained in a sealed Paper, having
" on the outside-a mark indicating the piece of Cloth to which it
" reters, and which it must accompany. Such Paper not to be
" opened until the Committee shall have made their report on
14.• tee merits of the respective Cloths, which report shall be given.
",front the Chair; and no person form a part of the Committee
" who is personally interested in the decisien."
By the exertions of Messrs. Joyce and Co. Clothiets, the Prep
mium was adjudged to the Wool of this Flock, and for this Pre-
snit= no less than sixteen pieces of Cloth were exhibited, many
of which were made from picked samples of the Saxon and Spa-
nish Merine‘Piles.
The Sale will take place at Falrmile Farm, near Cobham,'
Surrey, IS milk-strew London, on the Portsmouth Roadeat ten
o'clock in the' forenoon.
The great drafts whisk have been made from this flock, lak
season only, namely, Seventy-five pure bred Merino Ewes, and
a large number of others, highly crossed, must render these sheep
en object of peculiar attention to every skilful Breeder.
The Flock fur Sale will consist of neatly Two Htlndred pure
Merino Ewes in high condition, nearly Two Hundred Merino
and Ryland Ewes, highly crossed, very capital in their Wool,
and Thirty Rams of the pure Blood, five only being reserved for
the use of the Owner, the whole the get of the Rant above-men-
tioned.—Each Ewe with her Lamb will form one lot, as will
also each of the Rams.
The Proprietor thinks it incumbent on him plainly to state
that the Sheep will actually be sold without reserve, and that his
motives for holding this sale are of a private and local nature,
and by no means arise from any. change of opinion as to- the value
of Merino Stock

The Sheep may be viewed every Thursday by personal appli-
cation only to the Shepherds; the pure Freed at the place of sale;
the mixed till '1 hursday the 19th of April, at Bipo's Park, Bark-
ing, Essex, after which time they will b. conveyed to Fairmile
Farm —N. B. The Wool must not be plucked front the Sheep.
Catalogues may be had nn and after the Sd of April, at Messrs.
Gibbs and Co. Scedsmen, corner of Half-Moon-street, Picca-
dilly at the Bare of the. Post-Houses of the following Towns :
Cobham, Leatherhead, Esher, Walton, all within four miles of
the place of sale • at Guildford, Kingston, and Dorking ; and of
illeasts. THOMAS MARTIN and Co.
•
No. 63, Colenian-street, Leaden

_4l

TO THE PROPRIETORS OF EAST-INDIA STOCK.
'HE Committee of Mr. RICHARD TWINING
request a General Meeting of his Friends, at the King's
Head, in the Poultry, TO•MOR Row, the 3d instant, at One o'clock.
GEORGE DALLAS, Chairman.
King's Head, Poultry, April 2, 1810.

To the DIRECTOR GENERAL of Me MEDICAL
DEPARTMENT of the AR Mr.

Sta—ln consequence of having seen in the STAR
of the 15tk instant, a letter addressed to you, relative
to the Medical Officers of the Army, I have been in-
duced, thus publicly, to address you as being the le-
gally constituted and acknowledged head of that de-
partment.
It is my humble opinion that every person who
has read the letter alluded to, will allow, that the
subject of which it professes to complain, is founded
in truth—that every word, every syllable, strikes
immediate conviction to the mind. It is written with
simplicity and moderation, with the exception of that
passage, which might seem intended to throw out an
invidious insinuation against the subaltern officers,
but which I am convinced was only mentioned to
heighten the contrast, as the author was making a
comparison between the situations of the two classes
of officers.
Although the passage be strictly and indubitably
applicable to a great number, yet there are many of
this description of officers in the army who have re-
ceived great comprehension from nature, and illumi-
nation from science, men of various, both natural
and acquired, accomplishments.
I, for my part, have ever thought the services of
the Medical Gentlemen of the army very unhand-
somely recompensed, and their merits very unjustly
appreciated. They are actually and bona Pe de-
voting their time and their talents to the public ser-
vice gratis, without even the consolation of receiving
the thanks or gratitude of their country. This will
appear evident, if we reflect for a moment, that
their miserable pittance of pay will do little more
than amount to the common interest of that sum,
which they must have originally expended in acquir-
ing a knowledge of their profession, more particu-
larly those who are men of general erudition, of
whom, for the honour of the profession and the coun-
try, it is to be hoped there are a great number in the
army. It is not probable that it will ever happen,
nor is it indeed to be expected, that the Medical Of-
fie,. ill ever receive rank in the army correspond
their military brethren, if in the word
_ the idea of command; as it would
preposterous and absurd, and altogether',
'- with the nature of the military esta-
is country ; for, as they are entirely{
imand, they must of course be
di-
ind of consequence or respectability
, and conferred by command alone,
generic, and independent of any other me-
-Ilion, such indeed as an automaton might
but articulate the word of command.
the word rank in that letter, to mean
than a nominal equality of condition,
connection or interference in military
'er, to entitle them merely to prece-
ity, which would increase the respec-
situation, and compensate in a great
want of command. As respectability
,mitant of wealth, and as a man's con-
world is ever commensurate with the
irtune, this valuable and important
,uals ought most undoubtedly to re..l
tral allowances in order to increase
it utility be undeniable, and if they
lutely indispensable to the service, why
service more attractive ; the better not
ige them to enter it with promptitude,;
, to discharge their duty with fidelity.'
iink there could be no hesitation in do-'
we consider that the mere rescuing of
• from a grave of prematurity, to which
ise in all human probability have
is a saving to the country of at least
,tecessity therefore of encouraging gen-
proved professional abilities, to enter the
argument which requires neither corn-
idation to enforce it.
or sixty thousand pounds might be in-
illy in the public estimates, and appro.
•ds the ameliorating of the condition of
ills class of officers. This would be a
ipared to she immense sums profusely cast
, and fruitless attempts to rescue from
;übjugation a country, which has, from
:nient of its struggles for liberty, uni-
:ed neither energy, unanimity, nor pa.
:11 has never felt the sacred influence of
)vrn adage 66 Duke et decorum est pro pa-
aft which, has, on the contrary, vivaria-
to the eyes of Europe and the world,
itution of every source and principle of
laracteristic of ancient and modern king-
is at this moment convulsed and pa-
its centre to its circumference, and on
of annihilation—to the millions dissi-
less expeditions, more ruinous and dis-
any that ever sullied the historic page
imense sums lavishly thrown away in
„cling offensively against an enemy of
resources, of incalculable numbers, of
•ourage and impetuosity, and of indefati-
.y and perseverance ; whose leader is a
every military talent, and whose success
iexampled in the history of the world :
tsands that are voted to individuals for
he transcendent merit of leading their
.rymen to certain and inevitable deslruction.
thoroughly convinced you may be, Sir,
iecessity of improving the condition of the
(Rem of the army, and however well inclined
efforts for that purpose, it is greatly to be
they will prove unavailing at the present
when a system of retrenching and cecono-
,ms to be adopted by the present Rulers.
attempts at ceconomy are, no doubt,
ise-worthy, and will meet with the univer-
lation of the country; they have a specious
of truth, and an imposing air of recti-
tinciple and ardour of patriotism, but will
productive of any real or permanent advan-
the country, unless they are conducted on a
tensive scale, more generally diffused, and
-prehensively applied ; they are little calcu-

vate soldiers. _
tion, were it not that it will have a tendency to lessen
them in the estimation of the multitude, and of fo-
reigners, ir. the eyes of whom any thing like ornament
or splendour of dress makes a visible and lasting im-
pression. MEDICUS SECUNDUS.
March 23, 1810.

FOREIGN lATELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

lated to counterbalance the prodigious expenditure • termined neon !—This is a subject which, we repeat,
of the predecessors of the present Ministry, to effect
calls for the most serious and immediate attention of
the smallest diminution in the enormous and intoler- ,
Ministers.
able load of taxation under which the country
groans, or to contribute in any degree to the liquida- ! The Gottenburgh Mails also confirm the account
non of the national debt. • :of Sir SAMUEL Hoon's squadron baying passed the
i
Before concluding . this letter I cannot help advert- `, Dardanelles for the Black Sea ; with the addition that
ing to a late order issued from the Horse Guards,
equally injudicious and impolitic, which, so far from f I .
the Russians were making preparations to oppose this
force . :
improving the condition of the Medical Officers of
the army, might seem intended to affix to them a 1 Accounts from Petersburgh, dated towards the
mark of degradation by denuding tbem of their mili- close of February, mention that an additional charge
b
tarp epaulette, and giving them nothing in lieu of it, of 50 per cent. on the former duties have been int-
and making diem scarcely distinguishable from pri-
..posed upon articles both of export and import. The
- This would be a nugatory considers-'
-- - ' of Exchange on London was at that time lq,
- - -

PARIS, MARCH 22.—From Petersburgh, the 21st
February, it is stated, that the Russian army, under
the orders of the Prince Bagrathion, was about to
recommence hostilities against the Turks, and that '
the Grand Vizier had arrived from Constantinople,
1
to resume the command of the Turkish forces.
COPENHAGEN, MARCH 16.—The Danish Consul at
Gottenburgh has informed the Royal. Company of
Commerce, that his Swedish Majesty, in compliance
with the 4th article of the treaty of peace with Den-
mark, has directed that the Danish and Norwegian
vessels, and other property of the same countries,
shall be restored.

course .
and on Hamburgh 12 sal. Banco the Rouble.

A decree of his Prussian Majesty, and an extract
of a communication from the French Minister for
Foreign Affairs, unfold the system, from a strict ad-
herence to which, it is calculated that all commer-
cial intercourse between this country and the Conti-
nent will be rendered impracticable. To give effect
to this, we find that the coasts of Pomerania, and
from the Elbe to the Scheldt, are to be occupied by
French troops.
Extract of a letter from the Minister of the Interior,
to the Prefect of the Seine, dated Paris, March 12 :
" 1. The licences will contain, as before, an obligation to ex-
port three-fourths of the tonnage in agricultural produce of the
growth of France ; half the cargo is to consist of wine or brandy;
the other fourth to be composed at pkuure of whatsoever articles
are permitted to be exported by our Custom-house laws.
'1 S. Licenced vessels may impart all such articles of produce
and merchandise as are permitted by ow laws ; in which are not
included tobacco,
.cotton wool and yarn, cotton cloths, colonial
and East and est India produce—a:earns° nevertheless,
dye-woods, gualacum, drugs used for the purposes dying, eh*.
row, Peruvian bark, and medicinal drugs. A list of the articles
coming under the denomination of drugs for dyeing will be con-
tained in a special instruction to be given by the Counsellor of State,
the Director General of the Customs.
" S. The licences shall be paid for at the rate of 90 fs. the ten,
and in proportion to the burden of the vessel ; but the maximum
for any licences is fixed at 600 fs. that is to say, that there will be
no additional charge for any burden above 300 tons."
The Hamburgh Paper states, probably from the
dictation of the French Minister in that city, that the
Empress JOSEPHINE intends to retire to Italy.
The Provisional Government at Cadiz, it is said,
have consented to the removal of all the Spanish and
French ships of war in that port to Minorca, and to
allow that island to be occupied by British troops.
Letters have been received from Buenos Ayres to
the date of the 27th of December, by which it ap-
pears that a strong sensation had been produced in
the Spanish settlements, from 'the reverses suffered
by the parent state. The inhabitants are stated to be
divided into three parties ; those who would adhere
to the fortunes of Old Spain, those who would con-
nect themselves with the Brazils, and those who
would declare the independence of the colonies. It
is probable that the weight of the first and third
parties is nearly on an equipoise, but that the advo-
cates for a political connection with the Brazils are
few and feeble.
Sir JAMES FELLOWIS, Principal of the Medical
Staff, embarked at Plymouth on Thursday last, for
Cadiz, and sailed in the Devastation bomb.
Admiral HARVEY was restored to his rank by means
of a memorial to the /Craw, presented by EarlC CAM-
DEN, as Lord President of the Council. His MAJESTY
referred the same to the Board of Admiralty for their
opinion. The answer to which was a recommenda-
tion, signed by all the Lords, to reinstate Admiral
HARVEY to his former rank, which was agreed to by
the King.
Her Serene Highness the Abbess of GANDERsHEDIfs
for whose death the Court have gone into mourning,
was a Princess of the Brunswick family.— She died at
"%andersheim on the 10th ult. in the 62d year of her

\

• GOTTENBURCH MAILS.
Srocituotm, MARCY! 22.—The Ratification of the
Treaty between this country and France is at length
arrived ; and it is expected that peace will be solemnly
proclaimed in the course of a few days. As yet we
are ignorant of the person who is to fill the post of
Minister from the French Court.
COPENHAGEN, MARCH I9.—lntelligence has been
received of the advance of a French corps towards
Holstein, with a view of occupying that duchy, in
consequence, it is said, of a large armament being
prepared in England, with an intention of making
another attack upon Zealand and Bornholm. In re-
turn for the protection afforded by these troops, they
are to be maintained at the expence of Government.
SENILIN, FEBRUARY B.—Letters from Constantino-
ple state, that the English squadron, commanded by
Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood, about the bfginning
of last month, passed the Dardanelles for the Black
Sea. Intelligence has also been received, that the most
vigorous preparations of defence are made by the
Russians in all ports of the Crimea.

MONDAY, APRIL 2.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
S per Cent. Cons. for money, 61111—acc. 614
5 per Cent. Navy 99—Exchquer Bills 3s. to 7s. pre.
PRICE OF STOCKS ON SATURDAY.
3 per Cent. Cons. 63iff Imp. 3 per Cent. 57i
4 per Cent. shut Exc. Bills, 3s. 10s. pr.
5 per Cent. Navy 91411 Lottery Tickets 224. is.
Long Ann. shut Consols for Acc. 68.11}

Yesterday morning, at half•past eleven o'clock, a
heavy firing commenced from the batteries on the
French coast, which lasted without intermission for
nearly two hours, and was distinctly heard at Dover
and the neighbourhood.
There has been no arrival to announce the cause of
this firing, but it was probably in honour of the Royal
Nuptials at Paris.
Some of our contemporaries have been asserting
the arrival of another Flag of Truce, at Dover, on
Thursday. The statement is an idle fabrication.

The Margaret, Captain HARDY, from Hayti, ar-
rived at Liverpool on Saturday. In lat. 51. 30. N.
long. 11. 0. W. saw an English frigate, with a French
frigate (her prize) in company, supposed to be the
same frigate that captured and burned the Nevis
Planter.

We announced on Saturday the arrival of the
LADY PELLEW packet, off Falmouth, with mails from
Jamaica. Our letters of this morning state, that she
was 45 days on her passage. On the 16th February,
she fell in with his Majesty's ship Avow, of 18 guns,
and was informed by her, that on the 14th the Avow,
in company with the RAINBOW of 24 guns, fell in
with and engaged a large French frigate, carrying
SO long 24-pounders on the main deck, besides 20
smaller ones above, and full of troops ; supposed to
have been destined for the relief of Guadeloupe, but
returning to France on finding that island in our pos-
session. The RAINBOW and Avow were much da-
maged in their hulls and rigging, and had about 20
men killed and wounded. The frigate escaped.

Since our last, two Gottenburgh Mails have ar,
rived, bringing letters from Copenhagen, and Ger-
man Papers to the 19th ult. Paris Papers to the
25th have also arrived, and Dutch to the 27th.
The accounts from Gottenburgh confirm our for-
mer statements of the march of a French army to
occupy Holstein ; and the plea for this measure is,
that an armament has been prepared in England for
the purpose of making another attack on Zealand
and Bornholm. An armament is doubtless about to
sail from England for the Baltic ; hut, we believe, we
may venture to say, that an attack upon Zealand
forms no part of its object. It is a circumstance,
however, well worthy of the most serious considera-
tion, that in this, as well as many other instances, the
enemy have become apprised of the intentions of
our Government long before any active preparation
has been made for carrying into effect the object de-

age.
A duel was fought on Friday in the vicinity. of this
metropolis, by Lord Ds DUNSTANVILLE and Sir
CHRISTOPHER HAWKINS ; but we are happy to state
that neither received any injury. The latter, we un-
derstand, was the challenger, and a disagreement re-
lative to the Borough of Grampound, is assigned as
the cause.
Mr. HouzELLE, a banker at Verdun, is arrived in
London. He is said to confirm the article in the
French papers respecting a duel between two British
Officers at that place. The parties were, Captain
ALEXANDER, of the Marines, by whose hands Lieute-
nant BARKER, late of the Hussar frigate, fell. The
duel took place on the 18th of February. Captain
ALEXANDER has been committed to prison under the
new Penal Code, by which duelling is made a capital
offence. Mr. HouzzLLE passed through Paris, where
he had an interview with Captain Sir T. Lava ; that
Officer not being able to effect his exchange, had de-
manded passports from the French Government for
his Lady and family to join him at Paris. General
WIRRION, the former Governor of Verdun, is under
trial for his extortions on the British prisoners. The
total number of English now in France is said to bel
16,000.
In a French cartel, which arrived from Morlaix on
Wednesday,there were passengers two English Ladies,
and two Officers with their servants ; one of them,
Capt. FALCONER, Aid-de-camp to Sir DAVID BAIRD,
is come over for six months upon his parole.
THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.--.-HOWP to
Tease, and How to Pkate.—Notwithstanding the dis-
tinct and peremptory eft:claimer so loudly pronounced
against the propriety of the latter title given to this
Piece, on its first exhibition last Friday night, it was
again brought forward on Saturday ; and strange to
tell ! was suffered to proceed in the performance to
the end of it; with little or no interruption
The Promenade in the. Parks, yesterday, could
boast but of a thin attendance of fashionableklles, who
esteemed it most prudent to remain within the comfor-
table coverts of their carriage. There was, however,
a respectable muster of looted beaux who came, but
Ito lament the absence of those gems of British
kauty, whose presence constitutes the great attraction,
and gives life to the scene. The Ride exhibited its
I accustomed troops ofequestrianstin which there was
the usual variety of horsefieeh from the noble charger to
Ithe humble shad. The Ring was graced by some of its
constant visitors, and exhibited many equipages of
elegance and dash.
The Lambing season in Sussex is this year uncom-
, monly favourable, the number of ng greater
than ever known. The reports twinsrshi,
Suffolk, and other parts, are equally gratifying.

whom, for the honour
try, it is to be hoped
army. It is Rot prob:
nor is it indeed to be e
ficers will ever receive
ing to that of their mi
rani be included the
be highly preposterou
incompatible with th
blishment of this coin
divested of command
vested of that kind
resulting from, and
which is sui generic, as
rit or consideration, st
possess, could it but a
But, I conceive the is
nothing more than g
without any connect
matters whatever, to
dence and priority, w
tahility of their situa
measure for the want
is ever a concomitant
sequence in the wort
extent of his fortune
1 class of individuals
ceive more liberal
theirs.—lf their util
are found absolutely
not make that service
only to encourage tl
but when in it, to C
One would think thl
ing this, when we c
a single soldier from
he must otherwise
fallen a victim, is a
£lso.—The necess
tlemen, of approved
service, is an argue
merit nor elucidatio
Surely fifty or Si)
eluded annually in
priated towards the
this meritorious cla
trifle compared to .
away in vain and
slavery and subjug
the commencement
formly evinced ne
triotism, which ha,
that well known al
iris mori ;" but wl
bly exhibited to t
an utter destitutio
efficiency characte
doms ; which is ;
ralized from its ce
the very eve of o
pated. in useless e:
graceful than any
—to the irnmens
vainly contendini
inexhaustible rest'
irresistible courag
gable activity an
paragon of every
in war is unexam
to the thousand,
pnssessing the t
brave countryme
• However thor
of the necessity
medical officers c
to use your dim'
feared that they
juncture, when
mixing seems tl
_These puny
i highly praise-wt'
sal approbation
plausibility of t
tude of princip
never be produ,
tage to the coo
more extensive
more comprehe
