THE ARMY.

Detachments belonging to the 27th, 55th, and 6Gth Regiments
*I Infantry, have received orders to embark at Portsmouth, for the
West Indies. A Detachment belonging to the 85th Regiment of
Foot. is ordered to embark at Dover, for Malta. Detachments be-
longing. to the 18th, 28th, and 51st Regiments of Infantry, hive
Veoeived orders to embark at Porttmoutb, for the Mediterranean.
Detachments belonging to the 4:d and 94th Regiments of Foot,
have received orders to embark at Plymouth, for Gibraltar.

Bltal.tv SIFT. 30 —The Grand Duke CONSTANTINE
tutteed at Wirsaw on the Ilth instant.
Lieut.-General Sir. FREDERICK ADAM, K.C.B. left
lawn, yesterday, on his return, via Paris, to resume his command,
• Lord High Commissioner of the lonian Islands.
PATRWI BRICK COMPANY.—A Meeting of this Com-
rimy took place yesterday at the King's [lead, Poultry,
when a Report of the state of their affairs was sub-
mitted to the Shareholderi. The Report recommended,
that the property *of the Company should be imm—
diately sold, and that the business of the Company
should be wound up as soon as possible. The Report
was agreed to, and the Committee previously appointed
were empowered to carry its recommendations into effect.
Yesterday, a batch of procuresses were brought to
Marlborough-street Office, charged with seducing a
little girl, twelve years of age, for vile purposes. The
wretch-s were remanded, and the parish of St. Anne's is
determined to proceed.
The east coast of Spain has been thrown into a state'
of great agitation by the appearance of an Algerine fleet
of siz vessels of war. The squadron is reported to have
captured about 15 sail, chiefly coasting vessels ; and the
Spaniards are sn. alarmed by the event, and the dread-
ful prospects of slavery, if taken, that none of the ves-
sels can get a crew to proemd to sea. The fleet ap-
peared off Barcelona from the 20th to the 30th ult.

A discovery of the most painful and revolting de.
sctiption was made on Monday last, on board the ship
Latona, which had just been freighted, and was about
to sail from Liverpool to Leith. When the vessel was
on the point of leaving the former port, a most dis-
agreeable efflavia was perceived by the persons on
board, but without the curse being immediately known.
The smell, however, became more and more offensive,
and, on endeavouring to trace whence it proceeded,
some of the crew suspected it to issue from three casks
which were on board, and had been shipped for Leith.
A hole was immediately bored into one of them, and
no doubt then existed as to the cause; but such was
the nature of the stench it emitted, that it excited the
most painful suspicions. The casks were instantly
opened, when the horrible discovery was made that they
contained several human bodies, some of them perfect,
others mutilated, and all in a state of decomposition.
No time was lost in inquiring from whence the casks
had come, and upon that circumstance being learned,
information was immediately given to the police, who
dispatched several officer; to the premises. On their
arrival they made strict search, and after breaking
open the doors of an underground cellar, a place well
calculated for concealment, they succeeded in finding
eleven other casks of a similar description to those on
board the Latona, all of which, on being broken open,
were found to contain human bodies, in a state too pain-
fol to describe; some were perfect, others dissected, and
some, we shudder at the recital, were put into pickle !
On exte ding their search several sacks were discovered,
chntainin also the violated remains of the dead. The
whole nu ber of bodies thus found to have been taken
from the sent tomb is no less than thirty.five. The
distressing tions which this most extraordinary
Afro. has occasioned to the inhabitants of Liverpool,
cannot be described. The agitation of those who have
lately lost either a relative or friend is extreme, from
the dreadful apprehension that the corpse they had so
recently consigned to the grave might be among she
number of those which have been so sacrilegiously
torn from it.

Saturday, the. Academy of Fine Arts held a sitting
in Paris, for the distribution of the great prizes of paint-
ing, sculpture, architecture, engraving, and musical com-
position. At this sitting, the Perpetual Secretary of the
Academy read some biographical notices, which ap-
peared to the Assembly to partake somewhat of the
character of his title, and like it to have no end. Hisses,
laughter, and ironical applause were the consequence,
till the poor Secretary, in defence of his prolixity, posi-
tively introduced a detachment of soldiers to impose
silence on the audience, or to turn it out, if it continued
rebelliously deaf to the beauties of his style and the
stores of his information. This appeal to Martial Law,
however, was not successful. It terrified the Ladies,
who climbed over the seats, and scattered themselves in
every corner of the Hall, but it had no other effect on
the public, than to increase its disposition to laugh at
the bad writing of the perpetual Gentleman, and at the
irruption of the military into the domains of Literature.
In the Moniker we find an interesting Report from
the celebrated Traveller and Engineer, Baron Mein,
on the establishment of Lectures on Mechanics, and the
application of Geometry to the Ai ts, in all the maritime
cities of France. These lectures appear to have been
instituted and to have attracted great attention in every
town large or small, along the immense line of French
coasts on the Channel, the Ocean, and. the Mediter-
ranean. Its the interior, some cities have also adopted
them, and in every part the people display the same
eagerness to acquire useful instruction. The most ex-
traordinary statement in this Report, is a complaint
that throughout the whole of the littorals of
.France, the
French language is not spoken, and scarcely under-
stood ; so that in many places the Professors can only
benefit the few learned individuals who know the na-
tional tongue. Along the northern coast, the people
speak Flemish: throughout Brittany they preserve their
idiom, which is even at this period comprehended in
Wales. The inhabitants of the Landes only use the
Basque, which is thought by some to be the ancient
Pheenician or Carthaginian. And along the Mediter-
rannean, the Languedocian and the Provencal per-
petuate the language of the early Troubadours, whose
spirit and melodies also survive the days cf tomance and
chivalry. The Baron strongly impresses upon the Go-
vernment the necessity of establishing elementary
schools to teach French to the French,together with read-
ing and writing, in which they are generally deficient.
FATAL EFFECTS OF DRUNICENNESS.A pensioner
and his wife, residing at Skene Square, Aberdeen, on
the occasion of signing his Chelsea papers, indulged
themselves with liquor all that and the three following
days without intermission. On Friday, the neigiabours,
. .

a‘ate of their being in the house, and having heard
tothing of them fora good part of the day, listened at
the dour, and heard several deep groans. On g-in):
into the worn, they beheld them both extended on the
fbor, the man quite dead (doubtless from the effects of
orink)rand his wife intoxicated, and totally insensibl
of her loss.

FASHIONAELE INTELLIGENCE.
The Earl of Mezhorough has arrived at his seat, Metchley Park,
Yorkshire, from a tour.
Lord Altborp has left his seat, Winton Hall, Yorkshire, for his
father's, Earl Spencer's seat, Northamptonshire.
Lor Lynedoch arrived yesterday at Warren's Hotel, Regent-
street, from the Hoo, Herts.
. Viscount Nikon has arrived at Earl Fitawilliam's seat, in North-
amptonshire, from a tour.
The Ladies Ashburnham arrived yesterday at their house in Up-
per Grosvenor-street, from Leamington, Warwickshire.

Major Cartwright arrived yesterday at Aliprest's Hotel, AIMM•
marle.street, frhas a tour.
llrs. Coutts left town on Monday for Brighton.
Arrivals• at the Clarendon Hotel, Bond-street :—Count and
Countess Chaban, from Bucks; Mr. and Mrs. John Ellis,, from
ditto ; and John Emmerton Westeombe, Esq. from Patis.
Departures from the British Hotel:—Mr. and Mrs. Lawford,
for Alalvern Wells; Captain M‘Donnell, for Scotland ; and Captain
Montague, for Portsmouth.

_ .
Arrivals at the Burlington Hotel, Old Burlington and Cork-
streets :—The Rey. IL Smith, Mrs. Smith, ond family ; and ---
Conceit, Esq. from Essex. Departures :—Mrs. Bellingham and
family, for Staines; J. Stein, Esq. for ditto : and Captain Mitchell,
for Kent.

Arrivals, at Read's Hotel, Lower Grosvenor.street :.;.•Sir Thos.
and Lady C. Shepherd, from Tunbridgel%Fells ; Mrs. G. Turner,
from ditto; and Thos. Fyler, Esq. M.P. from his seat, Tythrop
House, Oxfordshire. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Aberdeen have left
ditto for Brighton.

LAW REPORT.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Om 11.
VAUGHAN V. GREEN.

This was an action brought by the plaintiff, a Licensed
Victualler, in Kingsland-road, to recover from the de-
fendant a sum of 131. fur refreshments, supplied by the
plaintiff, to several workmen employed by the defendant,
in the neighbourhood of the plaintiff's house.
George Beadley, a servant in the employ of the
plaintiff, proved the defendant's undertaking to pay for
what the men should have every Saturday night. He
did call at the end of the first week, during which the
plaintiff had supplied the men with refreshments, which
amounted to W. the defendant said he would call on the
Sunday, and pay the plaintiff, but he had never been at
the house since. The men were supplied with provi-
sions by the plaintiff for two whole days afterwards,
which made the bill 131.
There befog no defence to the action, the Jury found a verdict
for the plaintiff for 154
