Merchants and Captains supplied with every Article in the
Trade at the shortest notice, and on the lowest Terms, it WW
understood that no Cretlit can be allowed.

GERMAN PAPERS.

VIENNA. Omura 16.

The Austrian Observer contains the sfollowing ac-
count of the late engagement between the,Greeks and
the Tutks:

CONSTANTINOPLE. Strrnistsis 99.

Several Tartars who arrived her e on the 2Si, brought
a confirmationof the newsalready received from-Smyr-
na, of an engagement on. the -9th, 10th, and I 1 th, be-
twem a division of the Constantinople fleet, under the
command of.the Patrona- Bey, and the Greek.squadrons
under Miaulis and Sachtury, near Mitylene, in which.
the Greeks were defeated. These Tartars were dis-
patched by the Capitan Pacha from Phokrea (on the
Asiatic coast, at the entrance of the Gulf of Smyrna),
where the Admiral has been, ever since the 4th instant,
totepair his ships. The Greeks lost but three fire ships,
which burnt without effect; a three masted ship, which
sunk; end had.six brigs much damaged. They sent
these last with part of their squadrons to Valli, in
-Samoa, retreated to Ipsara, and have since only had a
few vesseltcruising between that island and the Gulf of
Smyrna. Of the first division of the Sett of Constanti-
nople, there are constantly six in the Gulf of Lepanto,
and nineteen in the port of Navarino, a few of which
soma-ices cruise as far as the coast of Mains. The first
fix, comas laded by Sall Bey, are at the disposal of
Redschid Pacha; anti the other nineteen, under the Ca
pitan Rey, at the disposal of Ibrahim Pacha. According
to. the latest accounts from Alexandria of the 25th of
August, the Egyptian &et was still it anchor there, and
it was doubted, as the equinox was approaching, whe-
ther it could pet to sea before the middle of October.
Ibrahim Pacha, by the latest accounts, had again pro-
ceeded to the south against Maine, and is said to have
advanced at the latter end of August as far as Mara-
thortissi. His chief force seems to he collected between
Mistra and Malvasia. Redschid Pacha, after the vic-
tory at Athens on the 20th of August, had advanced to
the 'lYertenschoria (villages in the defiles), and en-
camped near Magary, while Omir Pacha continued the
siege of the Acropolis. The Greeks, who, after their
unsuccessful attempt to raise the siege, had partly re-
treated by land to Eleusis, and partly embarked for Sa-
lamis, Ratter themselves indeed, or rather boast in their
journals, that they shall soon be able to make another
attempt. Time .will shew whether they will be able to
dothis, after the defeat which they sustained on the 20th,
and the discouragement which, according to the unani-
mous testimony of eye-witnesses, has seised their troops.
The following account has been given at Smyrna by
lame of these eye-witnesses: _ • _ _ _

46 Already, on the 15th of August, the thy of Athens
had fallen into the hands of the Turks, and Gonra had
only a few posts out of the citadel. The nest day the
Rumeliot captains, with nearly 5,000 men, and the re-
gui4r Greek troops, 600 men, had landed near Eleusis,
and in the Piraeus, Karaiskaki, the chief of the expedi-
tion, rejected the proposal of Fabvier immediately to at-
tack t'.e Turks, who were scattered about Athens, and

To give you an idea of the sensation I felt at the
sight of the well-known Supt Lnaf,4ll is mote than my
pen is able to describe;—remember, hwever, that I left'
say country is slavery, and was going to see it free,
with a constitutional Government, and pi othily holding
up its head amongst the free-nations of the new world.
Now much I hive been disappOnted in my expect'.
lions, you will, earn when I have inform-d you of all
I' have seen ; imieed, I do not like to let the political
storm which I think is now gathering in this part of the
world, proceed, without informing .-nu of it. Your
!long residence in this country, and the stake you have
yin it, require I should be candid with you—l have no
other means of shewing you my gratitude for the many
favours received of yo and your family whilst in —.
You are at such a distaste from the theatre, that yon
may, perhaps, not even with the assistance of the best
glasses, see the motions of the actors. It has been very
apparent for some time, that the French interest has been ,
Increasing-here, and, as a matter of course, the English
decreasing. One instance of the advancing interest of
France is the new treaty with that nation, admitiirg
their manufactures at the same scale of duties of the
most favoured nation. B:inie letters lately written by
the Minister for Foreign Affairs to the British Charge
d'Affaires, regarding the slave trade, furnish sufficient
proofs of a want of attention towards the British Go-
vernment.

The Session of the Brazilian Legislature will close on
the 6th of September; little or nothing has been done,
and the debates are redly contemptible;—for instance,
a long debate whether the assembly should sit or stand
in the presence of the Emperor—at last decided that
they should have chairs, but should not *sit !! From
the late arbitrary acts of the Government, it appears but
too evident that there is a close underst Hiding between
the Emperor and the worthy members of the Holy Al-
liance. Brazil, the sole monarchical power in South
America, is the footstool by which Spain, assisted by
the European,Powers (E sgland excepted, as I hope),
will yet make a bold push to recover her colonies; such
is, at all events, the idea entertained by many who have
the means of judging.
The Emperor is carrying on the war in the river
Plate with the greatest vigour; all the navy, with the
exception of a few small vessels that are sr the northern
ports, are employed in it. Regular troops from all
points have gone there, and the army is daily increasing
' with recruits from all parts, so that hardly a man is
left anywhere fit
.to bear arms. You will see by the
proceedings of the assemb* withist the last few days,'
what horrible cruelties have b:en carrying on in the
province of Chas, in the recruiting of the army. All
the liberal party in the assembly, and also many of the
partisans of the Government, have denounced in strong
language those shameful proceedings.
The idea I had imbibed, whilst in Europe, of a re-
publican spirit amongst my countrymen, is a mistaken
one. A republican here is one that wants a place, a
pension, or a riband and a cross; and the moment be
obtains it, you find him a violent Imperialist.
The present Government is Constitutiona% only in
name; it has all the faults of the old one, and few, it
any, of its good qualities—Court intrigue determines

• £ mental* se called at the nuance el the harbour.
