FROM SATURDAY NIGHTS GAZETAL

ADMIRALTY-OFFICE, BEPTEMSER 24, 18 1 41;
ilear•Adtniral Sir David Milne, K: C. B. has are
rived..at this Office with the original dispatches of
AdMital Lord Viscount Exmouth, relative to his
attack on Algiers, the 'duplicates of which have al-
ready appeared in the Gazette Extrafreeraars of the
15th instant.
He is also the bearer of dispatches from his Lord-
ship, detailing his further proceedings, of which the
following is the substance:
- On_ the 28th of August, Treaties of Peace were
signed by the Dey with his Majesty, and 'with his
Majesty the King of the Netherlands.
On the same diy also.was signed an additional
article or declaration for the abolition of Christian
very, .to the following effect $
Di:CI.ARdI lON of his Mist Serene Highttessomar, Bashaw,
Do and Governor of the Warlike City and Kingdom of Al-'
girt*, made and concluded with the Right Honourable F.derard
Baron Exmouth, Knight Grand Cress of the Most Honour-
able Military Order of the Bath, Admiral of the Blue Squadron
of his Britannic Majesty's Fleet, arid Commander in Chief of
his said Majesty's Ships and Vessels employed in the Medi-
terranean.

- .
In consideration of the deep interest manifested by his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent of England far the termination of
Minims slavery. his Highness the Dey of Algiers, in token of
his sirren desire to maintain inviolable his friendly relations
with Great Britain, and to manifest his amiable disposition and
high respect awards the Powers of Europe, datum, tali in the
event of future wars with any European Power, not any of the
prisoners shell be consigned to dusty, bet treated with all hu-
manity, as prisoners of war, until regularly no:banged, according
to Europese practice in like cues, sedan at the termination of
hostilities 'they shall be restored to their respective countries
without ransom ; and the practice of condemning Christian pri-
sonersof war to slavery is hereby formally and for ever renounced.
Done in duplicate, in the Warne City of Algiers, in the pre-
• sena of ALIIIIMITY Coo, the nth day of August, in the
year of Jesus Canal., 1616, and in the year of the
Hegira, inSl, and the 6th day of the moos Shawal.
(The Dey's seal.)
(Signed) EIMOUT 111, • (L.S.)
Admiral, and Commander in Cbief.
(Signed) H. fvPDou att. (L.S.)
By command of the Admiral,
(Signed) los. Gums, Secretary.
The Dey also, in presence of his Divan, apologised
to the British Consul for the personal restraint which
had been imposed upon, him during the late transac-
tions; and he also paid to the Consul a sum of three
thousand dollars, as a remuneration for depredations
committed on his residence after his imprisonment.
After the Treaties and Article before•mentioned
had been negotiated, and that tke Dey had refunded
three hundred and eighty-two thousand five hundred
dollars, which be bad lately received from the Go-
vernments of Naples and Sardinia, and had released
one thousand and eighty.three Ci ristian slaves who
were at Algiers, it came to the knowledge of Lord
Enenouth, that two Spaniards, the one a merchant
and the other the Vice-Consul of that nation, had not
been released, but were still held by the De; in very
severe custody, at pretence that they were-prisoners
for debt.

The inquiries which his Lordship felt himself
called upon to make into these gases, satisfied him
that the confinement of the Vice-Consul was ground-
less and unjustifiable, and he therefore thought him
self authorised to demand his release, under the
articles of the agreement for the deliverance of all
- Christian prisoners.
It appeared that the merchant was confined for an
alleged debt, on the score Of a contract with the Al-
gerine Government ; but the circumstances- under
which the contract was stated to have been forced on
the individual, and the great severity of the confine-
ment which he suffered, determined his Lordship to
make an effort in his favour also.
This his Lordship did, by requesting his release
from the Dey, offering himself to guarantee to the
Dcy tile payment of any sum of money which the
merchant should be found to owe to his Highness.
The Dey having rejected this demand and offer,l
his Lordship still unwilling to have recourse to ex-
tremities, and the renewal of hostilitieslroposed that
the Spaniards should be released from irons, and the
miserable dungeons in which they were confined ; and
that they should be pieced in the custody of the
Spanish Consul, or, at least, that the Consul should
be permitted to afford them such assistance and ac-
commodation as wars suitable to their rank in life.
These propositions the Dcy also positively refused;
and Los.i Exmouth then felt that the private and
pecuniary nature of the transactions for which these
persons were confined must be considered as a pre-
tence for the continuance of it cruel and oppressive
system of slavery, the total and bona fide abolition of
which his instructions directed him to insist upon.
He, therefore, acquainted the Deb that his High-
ness having rejected all the fair and equitable condi-
*ions proposed so him usibis point, his Lordship had
determined to insist on the unconditional release of
the two Spaniards. He therefore desired an answer,
yes or no ; and, in the event of the latter, stated, that
he would immediately re commence hostilities, and
his Lordship made preparations for that purpose.
These measures bad the desired effect; and the
two persons were released front a long and severe
captivity, so that lo Christian prisonet remained at
Algiers at his Lordship's departure, which took place
on the evening of the Sd instant, with all the ships
under his orders.
His Lordship states that Rear-Admiral Sir Charles
Penrose bad joined in the Ister on the 28th, and that
Ile-had employed the Rear-Admiral in his discussions
with the Dry relative to the Spaniards, and his Lad-
ship gives the highest praise to the prudence, firmness,
and ability with which Sir Charles Penrose conducted
himself on this occasion.
His Lordship's last letters are dated from Gibral-
tar the 12th instant, and announce his intention very
shortly to sail on his return to England.
The refunded ransoms have been sent to the Nea-
politan and Sardinian Governments, and the slaves
released have been forwarded in British transports to
their respective countries.
[This Gazette notifies that tine Prince Recut has appointed P.
Laseeties, Esti Coma at I:otieat, and B. L. Jenkins, En. Coli-
ma at ley!uue.]
