KINGDOM OF HATT!.

EXTRACT OF A DISPATCH FROM THE MINISTER SECRE-
TARY OF STATE FOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE KING-
DOM OF 11AYT1.
Palace of Sans Sand, June 10th. 1814..
11th year of independence.
The Count de Limonade, Minister Secretary of
State and for Foreign Affairs, to Mr. Peltier, London:
SlR—Your dispatches of the 21st of March, sth of
April last, and their duplicates, reached me by the
English brig Vigilant, Captain Flannigan. which en-
tered the port of Cape Henry on the 19th of May,
and by the Bedford, Captain Stuckfield, and the
Smolensk, Captain Jowsey, which entered yester-
day, bringing me your Ambigus, Gazettes, and
other papers, Scc.
I hare laid these dispatches before the King, who
heard them read with all the attention which they
merit.

The details which you give us of the great events
that have taken place in Europe, and particularly in
France, has afforded the King much satisfaction.—
The King, who had attentively observed the train of
events which took place after the retreat of Napoleon
from Moscow, and successively those of Germany,
had concluded that Napoleon, without the entire sup-
port of the French people, by a levi en masse,
never make head against his numerous enemies, who',
were so much the more formidable, because they were
instructed by experience; because they had long
standing quarrels to revenge ; because the safety and
the honour of thrones were at stake ; because they
felt the necessity of uniting, to form a mass of active
force which nothing could withstand. His Majesty;
calculating the immense losses sustained by the French,
and the new sacrifices which it would have been ne-
cessary to make, foresaw if Napoleon was not seconded
by the people, he would inevitably sink. His M ijesty
thought, besides, that f Napoleon tell, lie would not
fad to bury himself under the ruins ; but his Majesty
could never have divined that he would have closed
his career in a manner so little worthy of a soldier.—
His Majesty's prognostics have been partly verified
in the subjugation of the implacable enemy of the
world ; but the repose of the world will never be se-
cure while Napoleon lives.
In the (aim to philanthropic principles which the
Governments of Europe appear desirous of adopting,
his Majesty perceives new means of security to his
kingdom. His Majesty, however, since the expulsion
of the satellites of Napoleon from the soil of Hayti,
has never ceased preparing himself for war, and for
the most obstinate resistance, in the event of an inva-
sion of his kingdoni. His preparations have been still
farther augmented by the complete organisation of
hie troops, the provisioning of his fortresses, and other
means of defence which have been recently taken
since the first overtures for peace between Napoleon
and England, through the mediation of Austria,
which we learned here from the newspapers ; and
especially in consequence of the various notices and
valuable information which you have given us, and
which have enabled his Majesty to take all suitable
measuree.

If, on the one band, the policy of his Majesty has
led him to measures of prudence required by his
safety, he has not, on the other, neglected to cause
cultivation to flourish, as you will be convinced by
the enormous quantity of colonial produce which is-
sues from the ports of his kingdom.
You must Lave seen from various acts of his Ma.
jesty's Government, since his accession to the throne,
that his M.4jesty has never confounded the French
people with the Governments which oppressed them.
To peaceable merchants he has always offered secu-
rity, prote-.!:,n, and commerce, at the same time
that he was determined to repel every kind of enemy
who should attempt to reduce us to slavery.
You may declare, Sir, as you are now authorised
to do, that his Majesty will with pleasure receive the
vessels of French merchants which shall be legally
cleared out for the ports of Hayti ; they shall be pro-.
tected and treated like the subjects of other friendly
powers who trade peaceably with Hayti, provided
thy punctually conform to the laws of the kingdom.
Y3u may give this assurance to the French merchants,
and even publish it in your journals.
A new order of things arises; his Majesty embraces
the consoling hope of finding a just and philanthropic
Governmeut,.which, convinced that force is power-
less to reduce us to subjection, will not forget among
our claims, that of having combated its most impla-
, cable enemy from the commencement of his reign to
his fall, and never having listened to any of those
proposals which his agents from all countries have
made us. His Majesty flatters himself trrat he will
find humane sentiments in a Sovereign instructed by
misfortune.

In our state of uncertainty as to the measures of
the New Sovereign of France, with regard'to us, we
cannot take.any direct course or step, as you invited
us, until we are positiiely informed as to his inten-
tions. It is for you, Sir, who with unbounded attach-
ment and fidelity have constantly defended the inte-
rests of the too long unforqmate Monarch whom you
serve ; it is for you, who are much attached to the
cause of King Henry, and who possess information
respecting this country, to prepare the channels by
which the two Powers may tome to an understand.
ing for their mutual interest, and the benefit of their
rtspectiii subjects.' • When this is done, you need not
doubt-that his Majesty will listen to such just and
rritionable proposals as may be made to him, and wilt


hasten to appoint an accredited ropiasentative, is sti-
pulate for his interests, and those of his kingdom.
(Signed) DS LINONADL

314- IAACT or A LITT&P.
.66 Part an Prior*, August 1, 1814.
66 The present is to give you some idea of our
situatioh and prospects since the late great change of
affairs on the Continent. I really anticipate, with i
feelings of horror, the scenes of bloodshed and mas-
sacre that must take place in this island, in the event
of the French attacking it.
gg The people of this island, according to their
present feeling, could not bear with patience any
proposal from France inconsistent with principles of
independence. I have been on intimate terms with
President Petion for years, and can assure you, a
more virtuous and amiable man I never knew. He
is the idol of the people, and their confidence in him
is unbounded : but even he would be removed from
power, were he supposed capable of a wish to trans-
fer this colony to France.
gg Our information leads us to expect an attack
about December.

16 It has been officially notified by Government,
that on the first appearance of the enemy, _fire will
be communicated to all the buildings in the cities,
and every thing destroyed. With this information
we have the consoling promise, that whenever the
enemy is driven out, and the finances put in order,
we shall all be paid our debts and losses.
" It is, indeed, a sight that makes humanity shud-
der to see the preparations making for the destruc-
tion of the cities, and every thing in them not port-
able to the mountains. The arsenals are filled with
torches ready to be lighted. If a suggestion is
whispered at the Government•house, questioning the•
policy, the reply is, look at Moscow ; adding, that
had Moscow not been destroyed, Napoleon would
still remain the despot of Europe.
" I confess the reasoning appears souncl. For my
own part, I hope I shall so far close my affairs, that
I shall not be an eye-witness to the tragical scenes
that must take place here.
" The two parties, those of Petion and Christophe,
can bring into the field upwards of 60,000 fighting
men, in the event of a French invasion ; and the sol-
diers are inured to fatigue and danger. In truth, I
have witnessed in the late siege of this city, acts of
bravery in whole regiments, that would do honour
-to the finest troops in Europe. All their forts and
strong places in the mountains are filling with cured
provisions of the country, and ammunition.
11 Such is the present state of Hayti, and such the
preparations making for human destruction, and all
under the administration of an enlightened virtuous
man. My soul sinks within me when I contemplate
it. The indigenous part of the population is calcu-
lated at 320,000 souls ; the idea of destroying se
many human being;, is neither charitable in concep-
tion, nor is it easy in esecntiQn:
66 A few months will decide, whether the finest
country in the Western world is to become a dres y
desart or a flourishing State."
