Tiik B!i G S~TA(i"-

LONDON.

NP.XT THURSDAY. ALL THE STATE LOTTERY
WILL BE DRAWN. THE SCHEME WITH ONLY
5,0n0 TICKETS, CONTAINS A GRAND PRIZE OF
.630,000, ELEVEN OTHER CAPITALS, AND spoo
GUINEAS IN GOLD.
MONDAY, AUGUST 21, 1815.
PRICE OF s COCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK:
Reduced SCl—Cues. money 58} foe ace. 56if
4 per Cent. 7113/4-5 per Cent. 840—Bondo Ss. 41.
Omnitun for the pay. pre.—Liebequer Bills 34. db. to par.

We have now before us the Paris Papers of Thurs.
sty And Friday last, but we find nothing in them re-
specting the traitor LABEDOYERE, which appears
somewhat singular : 'nor had NEY yet reached Paris.

The Official Gazette contains a list of the New
House of Peers, in which are the names of many new
Members, selected, as might have been expected, from
the loyalists who followed the KING to Ghent.
France, notwithstanding the boasted efficiency of
FOI CHE'S police, has become very unsafe to travellers.
Ever: between Calais and Paris there are bands of
robbers who attack the stage coaches and plunder the
passengers—Aye. John Bull, you see what you may
expect by forsaking, even for a few weeks, your own',
lan.l of slavery, to visit the French load of liberty ! You
had better keep where you are.

It appears from the French Papers that BERTRAND
has really as little regard for truth as his-old master.
The Duke de FITZJAMES, learning that This tom of
imour had denied having recognised LOUIS XVIII.
as his Sovereign, has most conclusively disproved this
asert ion by publishing a letter, dated April 19. 1814,
is which 13EKTHAND expressly says—" I remain sub.
jest to the King, and I will always be his faithful sub-
:ict—l am persuaded that the Emperor has renoun-
ced it heart, as well as in words, every idea ot reen-
tering France ; but what I can still more positively
Answer tor is, that 1 myself will in so event embark
political measures-4 will die, as I have lived, an
!,onest man and a man of honour !"—His falsehood,
ewever, has answered, perhaps, the only purpose for
x,iich it was intended, in having procured him per.
.ission to go with Boxarware to St. Helena, instead
being sent to Fraace to take his trial.
An Ordonance of the KING lays a new centribu-
:ion on France for the maintenance of the Allied
Armies. The.stun is 100 millions of francs (about
11,163,000 sterling). The private letters speak of
-,ou trillions having been agreed to be paid to the
Allies towards indemnifying them for the expenses of
'he war, and that all the northern and eastern for-
nuts will be pledged-for the payment.

PARIS, AUGUST IS.
FROM THE GAZETTE OFFICIELLE.
ORDINANCE OF THE KING.

* Louis, by the Grace of God, King of France and Navarro.
".In virtue of the 27th Article of the Constitution,
and it is ordained, as follows
4, The following are the names of the Members of
%! Chamber of Peers :
." TAte Niarquisses d'Aligre, Albertas, and d'Anrai ; Count
:hales d'Atiticiiamp, the Duke d'Aumont, De Beausset, aid
ish.p of Alois, Count Boissy•d'Anglas, the Marquis de &hie.
zin (Brun.), Count de Li Doursionnayk•Blosoc, De &sissy do
i:ousira, :;,!IS)C1 Ile MonviUc, the Marquis de Bazi, Count de
Mayor or Liiie ; Count de Maeas, the Prince de Bauftre.
ni nt the Duke de Belluno, Count de Clermont-Tonnerre, Of-
-er of t'e C.•ey Musquereers ; the Duke de Caylus, Count du
.qua, Count de Caste:amine, old Prefect of Pau; Viscount Cho-
:Jubilant ; Counts de de Choiseul-Gouffier, de Contades, de
and Vie:or tie Caraman, Mini der of his Majesty to the King
Prus:ia ; the Marquis de Chabannes ; the Count de. Chatre,
itubaisadur to the King of England ; General C.ompan ; Count
.c Durfort, Captain-Lieutenant of the Gendarmes of she King's
;card; Emmanuel Dambray; Count Etienne de llamas; Ow-
Dandigni : the Duke d'Alberg, who will take his seat when
le ehall have received his letters of grand naturalization ; Count
I.7quevilli, Count Francois d'Esr,ars, Ferrand, the Marquis do
Ftnndevilly, old Prefect of the Allier; the Count de la Ferronais,
ecii: de C.. ind, the Martinis de Goutault Wren (elder son) ; the
-cut de la Guiche, the N I arquis de Urave, AdmiraiGanthenunri,
de Ilaussunville, the Marquis dllerbouville, old Prefect
• l.yot.s; the Marquis de !Went, Count de Lally-Tollendal, the
*itl•Jis tic Louvois, Christian de Lsmoignon, Count tie Latour-
Gouvetaet, Count Lauriston, Count de Machant d'Ar-

artil!e, the Marquis de Nlontemart ; Mole, Director of Bridges
• I:! Rozis ; the Marquis de Matban, Count de Mailly,
at Mathieu de Montmorency, Count de Man, Count de
%),, Grum! Monier, Count de Saint-Mauto-hUntautier, the
be Montesquisu, Count de Nicola! (Theodore), Count de Nod,
.ant de Nathinne-Pelet, the Marquis d'Orvilliers ; the Mar-
:, d'3eanmd, Amb.issadoe to his Majesty tbs King of Sat-
• • Cuunt dales de isolignac, the Marquis de Raigecourt, the
1-!.a de la Roc!lefotteautt ; Count de Rougd, of Cent•Sulsses ;
• loot dt h Roch,Jacquelin, elder son of the late Marquis de in
- oche Jac(rie;al ; Gent ral Ricart, the Marquis de Mler', Count
': la Roc ht-.limon, de Saint-Rontsn, Gotha de Roulliy, Le Pel-
•tier de Rosemho ; Count de &Await, M'anhal•de-Camp; De
—ze, fire Ute,:tlent of the Court of Caseation; Segnier, First
r'rebident e Court Royal of Paris; Count de Suffren
• rope z, the de la Suze, Count di Saint-Priest, the Mar-
: I de Talaru, Count Auguste de Talleyrend, Minister of his
:;.;ests ssvi!zeriand ; the Marquis de Vence; De Vibraye,
41')r or ere oldest branch; Viscount Olivier de Verse, and Mt

'-.l'en at our Castle of the TlsuWerke, the 17th day of
*Wpm t s 15. (Signed) " Lou ts.
liv the King, 4. Prince Tlll.l.lteitiaup.*
PARTS, ATMIST IR.
At midnight between the 16th and 17th instant, a
Lie broke out in one of the'cantonments of the Allied
curt): In the &is de Boulogne, and consumed a
nirth part of their temporary huts.
General Drouet has voluntarily constituted himself
Nisoner in the Abluye, to await his trial, which.
*.ill soon come on. Orders have been sent to bring
Paris General Debellei who has also burrendered

serne of the Joernats state, that Vaactamme has

goo* to aueritilleisiseatitirriiirer his residence
by the Police. Others asaaat thAt he has been arrested
in Paris.

_ _ •
It is said that Itiskat hsi eiseeeedecLin Seshakking
under a feigned name. • 01.'
The London Journals inform us, that some Papers,
which Bonaparte threw overboard from the Bellero-
phon, have been picked up, and found to be of great
consequence. These papers perhaps relate to monies
which have been entrusted to a person belonging to
New England, and which, by means of this person,
were embarked. at Havre on board the only American
ship Which had been excepted from the general em-
bargo laid for three weeps in the Frenth harbours.
This fact, for which we pledge ourselves, will explain
why Bonaparte took so little money with him. It is
known, however, that he made a good use of his time
during his stay in Paris. It is curtain that several
waggons, heavily laden with precious metals, secretly
left the Tbuilleries and the Palace Elysee Bourbon.
This affair calls for the attention of the Allied Sove-
reigns.

A traveller who arrived this morning at Paris, in-
forms th.tt the Diligence which travels from Paris to
Amiens, was stopped in the evening of the 14th, by
several desperadoes beyond Beauvais. It appears
that the robbers contented themselves with (he money
and valuables of the passengers. The Gendarmerie
are in full pursuit.

ie RI COURIXX XX . AORDARY OF FRIDAY MORNING.
Prince Tulle nd was employed with his Majesty
yesterday from t o'clock until four.
The Duke of Or ans sets off for Loudon to.day.

Oa the evening of the 14th, the diligence from
Amiens was stopped on the other side of Beauvais.
The travellers were robbed.

More than half of the Colonels who, are to com-
mand departmental legions are already nominated.
The City of Mecieres had 100 houses burnt, and
60 inhabitants killed, during the'siege. The church
was considerably damaged.
