SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.

ennowtcxx.—lt is some time since we stated that the truce was
at an end, and that a formidable Opposition had begun to show it-
self. In the smooth sea Ministers managed pretty well ; but it is
clear enough that the present pilots are unable to navigate the
vessel of the State now that the storm has arisen. Nothing
could be more miserable than Mr. Goulbum's display in the
debate on the South American Missions, except Sir Robert
Peel's petulance on the Forgery Question. These men are
quite incapable of managing the House of Commons; we have
not the least idea that they will carry Lord Lyndhunt's Law
projects to-morrow evening ; and they may reckon on a severe
struggle in the Committee of Supply upon Friday. Should the ad-
ministration give way, it will not be forgotten by the historian of
their achievements that they attempted to bestow on the sons of two
members of the Cabinet pensions which the House of Commons re-
fused to ratify, and on the brother of another allowances which
escaped by a bare majority the like ignominious reprobation.—
Whatever may be said of the purity and disinterestedness of public
men, the names of Dundu, Bathurst, and Gordon, cannot be quoted
as those of public servants more highly esteemed by a grateful coun-
try than by themselves.

HERALD.—We agree entirely with Mr. Hume that any direct
attempt to circumscribe locomotion, or. as he more plainly expresses
it, to prevent every man " going where he pleased," would be wholly
indefensible ; yet it does not, therefore, follow that the same ho.
nourable member's accompanying remark, that there " is an un-
founded prejudice against absentees," is correct. Absenteeism is
both a positive and a relative evil—positive, as it takes men from
the duties which they owe to the society of which they are memben ;
and relative, as it leaves those duties and burdens to be in a great
measure borne by others. Both these points of view apply more par-
ticularly to landed proprietors both in England end Ireland. Who is
there who can have witnessed the benefits conferred by the residence
of a landed gentry in either country, and bow the picture becomes re-
versed when they are gone, that can doubt of the inestimable bene-
fits which result in the one ease, or of the innumerable evils which
must ensue from the other? Still as concerns the individuals, the
country has only a right to treat the matter in its relative position ;
but even in that point of view it has never yet been treated, or at
least dealt with. The relative evil produced by absenteeism is, that
it throws upon others that share of the public duties and burdens
which the absentees ought to pay and perform themselves. The
true definition of public taxes is, that they are imposts raised for the
protection of the property sod persons of the State which raise
them. Even the interest of our enormous national debt comes
strictly within the range of this description, for, though the interest
itself is not so applied, the principal debt was from time to time
Incurred for the purposes to which the whole property of the king.
dom stands pledged.

Trars—Sir Jazzes Geaman's motion last Monday evening,
for reducing the estimated expense of diplomatic missions to Ame-
rica, was defeated by a small majority of the House of Commons.
We have repeatedly drawn the public attention to the general scale
of our diplomatic expenditure, and have urged the e Log
reducing it. That ministers are satisfied as to that ex =
in reference to the diplomatic department at large, to the parti-
cular subject of Sir J. 011AHADell motion,—viz. the charges for
our American diplomacy,—is obvious from two considerations...
la. That between 1826 and 1829, an interval of only three years,
there was an actual diminution in the total expense of our foreign
missions approaching to very near 100,0001. or 22 per cent. upon
the gross amount of the former eras that is to say, that in
1826 the charge was 460,0001. and no more than 366,000 L in
1829.-2 d. That an arrangement has been made by Lord
Aberdeen, for cutting away all the extra and objectionable
portion of the expense of the American missions, by bringing
them wholly within the sum allotted to diplomatic missions in
It would be most uncandid to refuse credit to Government=
proofs it has afforded of a desire to economise to the utmost the re.
sources of the state, as applied to the payment of civil function.
aria ; evidence of which is contained in a public document of
much importance, entitled, a "Return of the Establishments of the
Public Departments and Offices in 1821 and 1829 respectively,
showing the reductions which have been already carried into effect
since 1821, and the further reductions which have been di.
rected to be made as vacancies occur I and also showing
where any Increase has arisen in any of these respective offices.
From the above heading of the paper, it may be inferred, as indeed
turns out to be the fact, that the reduction has been systematic end
progressive, and, whatever it may have hitherto accomplished, that
it is not yet complete. It appears, then, from the summary of this
return, that the reductions already executed in the salaries of the
civil departments exceed 580,0001. per annum upon a gross annual
expenditure of 3,690,0001. or above 16 per cent. while the further
seductions contemplated will exceed • 105,000/. making the sum
total of the reduction almost 19 per cent upon the gross expenditure.
A sevae and searching, and extensive investigation is now In
daily and most diligent progress, into the whole of that immense
field of disbursement, and we fear of long-neglected abuse—namely,
our colonial establishments. Some of the chief members of the go.
vemment devote every moment they can spare from the routine bud-
new of their several offices to this much-wanted inquiry; and we
doubt not that the result of their labours, when arrived at, will be
hailed with satisfaction by every honest man.
Examinee Clinowici.r...-The Press, that last bulwark of a
people's rights, and a country's freedom, appears now devoted to
utter ruin. The assertion may startle us, but, unfortunately, ft is
no less alarming than true. It would be criminal to hide the covert
design, for, though deeply planned, the scheme is too glaring, and
more formidable in its principles than the public apprehend. The
womb of time can only reveal its ultimate and fatal effects. We
cannot say that we announce this intelligence " more in sorrow then
in anger," because the subject is one calculated to MSe the melt
patient feelings of human nature, if not reduced to the abject
lot of slavery—a condition most abhorrent to the rational mind.
It is enough to say, that an Independent Press is doomed to
extinction—that proud and enviable engine of a Foe State, whose
mighty operations impart both life and energy to the public intellect,
while its salutary influence scares the minions of tyranny and op.
pression. This glorious Machine. the grand Palladium of popular
Liberty in every quarter of the world, whether it flourish under the,
torrid or the frigid sone, diffusing alike the blessings of mental int.
provement, moral happiness, and national Independence, Is to be
deliberately sacrificed under the flimsy, the untenable pretext of—
Augmentation of Revenue ! What foul delusion—what Insult*
sophistry. After the stubborn arguments heretofore adduced. and
those front an official source, which establish the gradual deterioes.
tion of newspaper property, and the consequent decrease of income
to the Exchequer, it would be a most palpable absurdity to ims.
gine that the authors of this new taxation upon unhappy Ireland,
seriously contemplate aught else Prom the odious impost, save the
tote extinction of the Irish Press! And involved in that de-
plumbic calamity will be hundreds of persons who now enjoy but
an indifferent provision upon the present Newspapers, thanks to
the existing duties. Those will barely live to execrate the cruel
policy that deprives numerous families of a maintenance in the
land of their birth and their kindred. This last brand was only want.
ed to perfect the climax of Ireland's geountless miseries.—Wrest
Hem her grasp the only favourite channel of literary communica-
non, and she rolls back again into that age of darkness, when crime
and outrage were the primary features that marked her national
records. Gracious Heaven, are millions of taxes to be removed in
3ne Session of Parliament off great and affluent England, while in
the same. Session hundreds of thousands are to be imposed upon
impoverished Ireland—is it even-handed justice to force a pitiful
degraded Province, destitute either of capital, manufactures, or
trade, upon an equality of taxation with a wealthy, powerful, and
independent Nation, abundant in riches, whose resources, both na.i
tunic and acquired, are superior to any other country on the face 0/1
the Globe ? But as if to fill up this inordinate tide of wealth the
agricultural population of Ireland, the almost only available sten.
dud of taxation, are drained to the veriest farthing by heartless ab.
sentee proprietors, who squander in luxury and extravagance the
l'.srd earnings of their humble and ill-requited vassals. Is it
then to be said the distressed people of this country can afford
to pay a tax of fourpence on every Stamp Sheet of News, in.
cluding the price of Paper already assessed at the mill,
314 the additional expense of publication ? Advertisements
diminish every other day, and under the new burden will
dhiappear altogether. Newspaper property has been many years
3 bad speculatiortin Ireland, as the proprietor. are never paid either
ter the paper or the advertisements a tythe of the price charged in
the Sister Country, nor are they indemnified for their labour or dis-
bursements with the same punctuality. Why or wherefore, then,
Government should persist in imposing a oak of duties deservedly
unpopular, and flagrantly unjust, it is difficult to conjecture, un-
less their object be a desperate one. We give up the question for
the present, without alluding to the numberless, expensive, and
most provoking addenda the stamp schedule fastens upon almost
every legal instrumen neeessary or the business of common lie,
besides the almost Insuperable bar f
it opposes to all proceedings f
at
law or equity.

WESTERN LITERARY AND SCIRNTIFIC INSTITU-
TION--The half-yearly meeting of the members of this Institution
took place on Tuesday evening, at their boost in Leicester-aquarL
It appeared from the report read by the secretary, that the number
of subscribers at present amounts to 760, and that the library has
been increased to 4,000 volumes. The report pa universal sada-
faction to the meeting, and was unanimously approved of.
CORK YACHT CLUB..—The first meeting for the
season was appointed to take place on Thursday and thou& the
weather proved unfavourable, the Club mussmd strong. The Mar.'
quip of Thomond's yacht, Rostellan, bore up the bay, on Wednes-
day evening, and anchored off Cove, when she was visited by Sir
C. Paget; she returned the following day. The Noble Marquis is
Admiral of the Club for the season.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

The following arrivals 17,c ;:Wile :—..The Cantos, Lyall,
from St. Petersburg's, at Hull; Louisa, Mendoza, from Villa
Nova, and Nova Paquete, from Lisbon. at Cock ; Pene-
lope, Drysdale, from St. John's, N.B. N.B. and Sprightly, Rogers, from
Pillau, at Shields.

Da;t., Just I.—Wind N. moderate.—Sailed all the outward
bound. Arrived the Governor Harcourt, from Jamaica
POILTIMIOVIS, Jams I.—Wind N.N.l4.—Arrived his Majesty's
ship Vigilant, from Plymoutb.
Rumour's. Just 7.—Wind N.W. to N.N.W.—Sailed the
Nightingale packet, for Halifax and Bermuda.
Lemnos, Just 7.—Arrived the Juno, Russell, from Nassau ;
Sir Watkin, Sanderson, and Amazon. Martin, from Mobile ; Su-
san and Jane, Norris, from Virginia; Lucas, Lascelles, and Ho-
rizon, Green, from Savannah; Italy, Putman, from Charleston ;
Fanny, Eagle, from Philadelphia; Manchester, Ketebly, from
New York ; John Bolen, Haycock, and Ellen. Grey, from St.
John's. N.B. Jolts, &ockburn, from St. Petersburgb ; and Jane,
Bell, from Rostock.
