TOBACCO.

Lord FARNHAM moved that certain returns relating to the growth
of tobacco in Ireland be printed.—Ordered.
The Earl of G LENti ALL presented a petition from Ireland, for the
repeal of the Union.
On the motion of Lord TENTERDEN, the Bill for the better Ad-
ministration of Justice, by reforming certain practices in the common
law, was read the third time and passed.
A number of petitions against Negro Slavery were presented from
various parts of the empire.

PLACES AND PENSIONS.
Earl GROSVENOR rose, pursuant to notice, for the purpose of
snoring for returns relating to the salaries and emoluments derived by
the Clerks in that House. The Noble Earl said, as they were so near
the close of the present extraordinary Session of Parliament, he should
take the liberty of making a few observations on points at this time im-
portant to the public. In stating lila opinions respecting the salaries
and pensions enjoyed by public servants, he begged to state that lie had
not held the least communication with his Majesty's Government on
the subject. The remarks he had to make were entirely his own. In
the first place, when certain papers were laid on the table of the other
House of Parliament (on the subject of salaries and emoluments,)
there was an omission of emoluments of officers in the Common Pleas,
and also of the fees and emoluments of officers in that house. The
noble earl considered this omission the mere effect of some mistake in
making out the returns ; but it was necessary, in his opinion, to pro-
duce the papers. flaying some time ago inquired into the office of
clerk of Parliament, he found it was held in reversion ; but in conse-
quence of his repeated questions on the subject of places and pensions,
the noble earl was happy to say there was a prospect of considerable say.
ing in the public expenditure. The noble earl cautioned the public
against the flattering expectation of a great reduction being made Ly
the present government. He gave them full credit for the very best in-
tentions, but it was quite impossible, with the enormous debt there was
hanging over the country, that any Government could produce substan-
tial relief. He did not expect much advantage from the labours of
Committees, but thought the committee on the poor laws might obtain
useful information. '1 he heavy burdens felt by the public bad not been
without one advantage. The question of economy in the public ex-
penditure bad been raised, and public men had been forced to look
danger in the Lice. Much had been done to relieve the public, and he
had no doubt much remaMed to be done. Ile would ray with the great
poet :

" Sweet arc the uses of adversity,
Which like a toad, ugly and venomous,
%Viers yet a prscioue jewel in her head."
The distresses of the times would lead to proper regulation of the na.
tional expenditure. The noble earl defended the landed interest against
the attacks made upon that body. They were not fairly treated. If
that interest watt not eupporied what would become of the monied in.
wrest? If the landed iuterest tailed, the monied interest would vanish
into the air. Attention sal not paid to the real situation of the fund.
holder. Jew or Gentile might hold funds- The person holding funds
might withdraw the same from circulation ; carry their money out of the
country or conceal it. They made a trade of it, and were not bound to
contribute to the taxes ; whereas the landed interest could nut evade
the taxes. It was most essential to the public interest that the relative
situations of the fundholder and the land proprietor should be duly ap.
preeiated by the Governnient. The noble earl then alluded to the office
of Clerk of the Council,-which, on the death of Mr. Buller, remained
open. By riot filling it up, a saving might have been made. He had
°an told in that house by a noble earl (Bathurst) that it was not filled
up, but he found the office again bestoued upon another gentle.
man, Mr. Bathurst. (Hear, hear.) Ile also alluded to the civil
list pensions, and observed that a noble duke, when he announced
his resignation of the office of Pren:ier, did not acquaint the
house of hie intention to recommend peris:oners who had since been
put upon the list. With respect to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland
(Sir A. Hart), the noble lord did nut see ground for the removal
of that learned person 1 • but if he was to be removed, the country
aught save the 4,0001. pension by giving Sir A. Hart an equally
lucrative and cc zessary appointment. The noble earl concluded by
moving there be laid before the house an account of all the salaries
and emoluments, above 1,0001. enjoyed by the clerks of the House
of Lords, from January, 1829, to January, 1830; and also an ac-
count of the various sources from which arch emoluments are derived.
The Marquis of IJA NSDO%VNF. said 1:c should not have risen upon
Me noble earl's motion had be not been called upon by the question
!.e noble earl had coined with respect to the appointment of a clerk to
t'ie council He should be able to satiety the noble earl and the house
z.s to the person en whom the office had been conferred, and explain the
mgulation upon which it had been placed. Within one day after the
rot& marquis received his Majesty's commands to discharge the duties
his then department, he received a communication from his noble
predecessor, sating that on the lath of the last month, the day
otter the death of Mr. Buller, who held the office of clerk to the
taineil, he had taken his Majesty's pleasure with regard to
1' e successor to that office, and that his Majesty ban
listed to signify that the office was to be filled by Mr. Bathurst, the
noble earl's son ; arid the noble earl further informed him, that be had
'he same day communicated to Mr. Bathurst his Majesty's pleasure,
.1.1 that the office had not been filled up. The Ake having been thus
conveyed, he, the 'wide marquis, had no hesitation in say( , be consi-
dered himself obliged to take steps for filling it up. He him.
self bound, with regard to the person designated, to carry the appoint-
ment into effect, but felt, at the saute time, it was open to him to take the

advice of his Majesty on the subject of reduction to be made in the sa-
lary of the office, more particularly as the noble earl (Bathurst,)
on the 25th of November, stated to him, that It was this intention,
if he had remained in office, to put Mr. Bathurst's salary lower
than the rate of eatery received by any former Clerk of the Council.
His Majesty found that a large reduction might be made In the office,
without injury to the public service. Mr. Boller received 2.50 w. per
annum, and the reduction made the salary in future 1,2001. a year,
and if any additional duty was imposed en the two clerks in the office
no additional allowance was to be made. It was also regulated that if
either of the clerks should hold any other office of more than 5001. a
year, the whole of that sum should be deducted from the salary re.
ceived as Clerk of the Council. Mr. Bathurst did hold an office in the
Exchequer of I,OOW. a year, and 5001. was consequently deducted,
leaving, upon the whole, a saving to the public in the salaries of the
Clerks of the Council, amounting to I,7ool.—(Hear, hear)—a year.
The object of his Majesty's servants was to reduce all salaries which
they could fairly reduce.
The Duke of WELLINGTON explained his conduct with respect
to the civil list pension list. He had considered it his duty to recom-
mend his two private secretaries for pensions of 2501. The gentlemen
who had done him the honour to hold those situations had examined
all the papers which came to the First Lord of the Treasury, and the
government information they possessed fairly intitled them to a pension.
The noble duke justified his recommendation of Dame Mary Rae, the
widow of the Lord Advocate, for a pension, but he admitted he had not
proceeded regularly, as the regular course would have been to wait un-
til the civil list act passed before a recommendation was made to his
Majesty of persons to stand upon the pension list.
Earl GREY considered the introduction of questions like the present,
without due notice, highly inconvenient. He could not object to the
recommendations of the noble duke, although he was quite sure, with.
out the admission of the noble duke, the recommendations before the
passing of the Civil List Act were irregular. Perhaps the noble duke
might be justified in his deviation by the acts of former ministers. In
alluding to the change In the Irish Courts of Chencery, the noble earl
observed, it was necessary that the Chancellor of Ireland should be
connected with the Government of the country ; hence it was, a
change of that Government uniformly called for a change in
the Chancellorship at the same time • (hear,) it was true, that it had
been frequently said, the same political differences did not exist
with regard to Ireland, which rendered such a change necessary—
but, passing that question, he must observe, taking into consideration
the disturbed state of Ireland, it certainly did occur to him (Earl Grey)
when he came into office that no one was better qualified to hold that
distinguished office than the individual who had been caned to it • be-
sides his great legal attainments, he was particularly well qualified for
his office from his extensive local knowledge obtained by a long resi.
dence in that country. He (F./al Grey) considered by that appointment
the Catholics would be conciliated, as he was one of the moat zealous
and eloquent advocates, looking at the same time to the Protestant
cause in frtlantl, and in short to the general state of that country, its
interests could not be better advanced by any other appointment. The
noble earl then alluded to the very advanced age of Sir A. Hart,
the retiring Chancellor, as a palliative for the pension of 4,0001. granttel
to him by the government. With reference to the appointment of his
(Earl Grey's) relatives to:office under the new administration, he begged
to assure their lordships, that not one of these appointments was made
because of relationship alone; no individual would have been appointed
to office had he (Earl Grey) not been convinced that that individual was I
eminently qualified foe office (hear). If any individual so appointed
should be found otherwise, he (Earl Grey) would of course submit to
the censure of the house (hear). He frankly stated to their lordships,
that upon such an estimate of their characters had the individuals in
question been appointed. (Hear.)
Lord FA RN HAM took occasion to observe, in reference to the ques-
tion of the Repeal of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland,
that such a Repeal would be prejudicial to the interests of both coun.
tries; he was satisfied that the great body of the inhabitants of Ire.
land were opposed to the measure, and would shed their blood to pre-
vent it.

Earl GREY considered that a Repeal of the Union woald not
only prove injurious to both countries, but absolutely be their de-
struction. (Hear, hear, hear.) Persuaded of this, the Adminis-
tration would not hail to use those measures deemed most
effectual to prevent it. He should lament if his Majesty's present mi-
nisters should be considered for a moment adverse to the Protestant in.
terest in Ireland. In making the appointment to which he had already
alluded, he conceived that both the Catholic and Protestant interest
would be best suited, and he should regret if in that house or elsewhere,
he held out any statement which might be considered as hostile either to
the interests of one or the other.

Lord GODERICH was of opinion that the appointment of Lord
Plunkett to office in Ireland was one of the wisest steps that could
be adopted.
After a few words from Lord 005TORD,
Earl GROSVENOR replied, observing that he was only anxious no
misrepresentation on the important topics of which he had spoken should
go abroad.
The motion was then agreed to.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE then presented several petitions against
negro slavery, from various places in Yorkshire.
Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Dsc. 13.
EVESHAM ELECTION.

Mr. Ctiva, the Chairman of the Evesham Election Committee, pre-
sented their Report, which set forth that Sir James Cockerel and Lord
Kennedy had not been duly returned ; and that both thew candidates,
through their agent or agents, had been guilty of bribery and corrup-
tion.

On the motion of Mr.CLIVE, a new writ was ordered for Evesham.
The evidence before the Committee was ordered to be printed.
Mt. PLANTA moved fora new writ in the room of Mr. Vesey
Fitzgerald. He had accepted the Stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds.
Mr. O'HARA brought In a bill to amend and enlarge the 2d Gco.
IV. for making a canal from Loch Coran to the Bay of Galway:
Lord LOWTHER presented several petitions from parishes mWest-
moreland, " respecting the claim of tithes," to use his lordshiy's de-
scription of the petitions.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Col. WA LPOLE presented petitions from King's Lynn, Norfolk,
against the duty on sea-borne coals, and praying that the same may be
sold by weight.—Ordered to be printed.
