ADYBUON eV Tit •UIniCATIIII 0/ 71111 TOTAL COORS OP NANCT.

The Counen undersigned, who have read the comminutes in
M. Ckat.laio, morainic editor of the Courrier Francais, declares
that they adhere to it.
It is dilicult to reconcile the condeoundon pronounced stalest
the consultant, with the liberty of opinion and of conscience con-
secrated by Use Charter, as pans of the public low of the Erma.
Mute the religions gmblisbed is this country diffsr from one
soother, and the power of pliblishiog opinions extends to religious
Matters, it must he acknowledged that the simple denioloia dogma,
er ut an article of faith, cannot of Itself constitute a !time.
But the liberty of printing extends to all things where there is
an insult. It is not a contested dogma, but so attack on the public
peace which demands repression. Then the liberty of publishing
opitaimas is a right. It is only the character of the expression which
can make a crime or an shun. _

Such was the thought of the Legislature : •' Whoever, by a pub-
tickles', shall sour se or turn into ridicule the religion of the fltate,
or any tither religion of which the establishments is kgally mos-
mead la France, shall be punished."—(Law of March IS, lOU,
Art. Ist.)
This being hid down, look at the Inculpated joataal—a Ihely
motimeut for the arts, an admiration of tittle sick d'aniero, and,
mingled with thew, the no IMI that the religions balk( to which
they are consecrated is perishable, like the generatioa which Mar-
-1 mks them, make up the ankle. The ezpressien is onloos, els-

the faith:
Rit4irre•urn to the true question—is It to be guilty of outrage
and derision, for without them the crime cannot exist, to say that
the Chri.tia faith participates in that fragility which is the nature
of man ? And what would have ha ,if the Editor of
the Cburrier had represented the t of Christianity
as a fact of region or of temperature—it he had e+id, " When re-
ligion. founded on one climate, has °fended toss much the climate
of another country, it cannot be established; and when it has
bees introduced, it has been banished? It seems, therefore, hu-

manly speaking, that the climate has put bounds to the Christian
and to the Nlabornedan rellitions."—(6 Esprit des Lois," b. 24,
eh. 26). Before condemning t►e Consultant, it would be proper to
ask if the phrase of Montesquieu should be brought to trial?
Nancy, July 25, 1829.
(Signed) navies, roam. CHATILLLOW, Anwar,
Mossau—Advoeates.
ADNISION •e TOE AOVOCATOI Of TOIL sofas. WORT or AOOlllll.
_ _

The undersigned Advocates Mae Royal Court of Angers having
seen the article inserted in the Orreries. Prima* of May 27. 1t•26;
the requisition of the Public Minister ; the pleadings of the accused ;
and the decision of the Tribunal of Correctional Vallee of Paris,
of June 26th:
Considering that in France, according to the Charter, the Laws.
and the Jurisprudence of the Courts, each person has the right to
profess his' wn religion freely, and to speak his %Ovine, provided
he does not disturb the public peace, and indict no injury on
mo-
rality, commits no outrage on other religions, and does not turn
them Into ridku're ;
Considering that the editor of the inculpated articles, in impress-
ing an opinion that la the very distant future the Christian faith
will be aboilabed--even if such an opinion be an error, and•coo-
trary to other opinions. it will be not reprehensible in the eyes of
the law, because it possesses none of the characteristic, of culpa-
bility provided for by the law ;
That otherwise a difference of opinion would constitute a crime,
which cannot be supported ;
Conclude that the editor of the Carrie' r Fnuscais ought to obtain
from the Court to which he has appealed, that she judgment which
condemns him should be rescinded —Angers, July 234.1629.
(Signed) Dubois, formerly n; P. T. Lepage, Secretary ;
J. Jubla, Dean ; cf; Manger, Advocate ; N.
Pranchenault. ideas , Mem ; Gebere, idem ; Ch.
Maiden Rinarenageadetrin
From thE Constitutionnel.
t'ARIS, Jute 29.
- -

Prince PoSgnac, our Ambasioder at London. makes frequent
voyages to Frame, and every dose that be grosses the Channel it is
egrobellied that be testes to be placed at the head of the Minis-
tey. •be hardly been 24 boors at Paris, and already thine
Ma t e amregatiots, all the spostolkals on the beaks of the
Mom chiming the hymn of victory. and preparing to celebrate.
by some ailkodale. the triumph of their doctrines, and of hint
whom they regard as their bead. If the enemies of public liberty
II rejoice in the hope of seeing 34 de Polignac at the head of affairs,
the friends of our constitutional monarchy are made uneasy. Pro.
bably 0. de Poligsac does not see with tranquillity the fears on one
side, and the hopes on the other. Since the profession of faith in the
Chamber of Peers, which did sot destroy the confidence of his
friends, me satisfy those who dreaded his elevation, he has signed the
famous Protocol of London-the object of which, or at least the effect
of which till be, to replan* Greece Into the slavery under which it
beeigameed he four centuries. The report that he is to be placed at
'the head of the Xing's Household, and be President of tie Council.
Is contrary to the Constitudem The Minister of the King's House-
hold la appointed to look after the personal stairs of his Majesty,
mid mar on pretest to meddle with the administration of the
invent y. We cannot, therefore, believe this report. It would he
daserons, in the present state of the come .to choose Mintage.
she de sot, by their position, gain the of thirty millions
et people devoted to the Representative Government. and who
!sew that se tax is legal unless imposed by the Legislative Power,
or Instituted by the Constitutional Charter of Louis XVIII. re-
cognised by Charles X.
Fames Fusee—Nam JULY 290—Resstes 5 per Cent. IO9L
Safe. Three per Cents. M. Bank Stock, I ono!.
Foams Fosas—Neapelitan Rentes, Cert. Fal. 27f. Mk. Royal
Spanish Loan, 7 Sit. Perpetual Spanish Anoraks, JO:.
