..."*" 'r 11611Eltik 1S T,ELLICED'e. Is 4.
- • •
1.2.701. 'N.;
TOPAH:BDRIETCA::::26..
• t.
IMPERIAL DECREE. • • :••
l's Olis: :'•
1
COUNCLLp Of Till! 11TH Of NOVEMBER, Ile: . • P
At our Royal Pala, at Milan, Dec, It " 1
Napoleon, Emperor of the trench, King of . c
and Protector of the Rhinish Confederation.- rcpt
Observing the measures adopted by the &kkb e.., e,
on the 11th st November last, by which velUelebricesk% . d
too, friendly, or even Towers the Allies of Engbod. It 11
liable, not only to be searched by English crniten,bstu
Oriel
pulsorily detained in England, sad to hare a to igg si
so =orb per cent. on the cargo, to be regulated by cis pr.
gislatum: , n
Observing ibit by these acts the British Goverment
slices sb:po of every nation in Europe, that it 1, so . ss '
foe my Government to &toot from its own indeposy, . ens]
isot., all the Sovereigns of Europe having is mist the „ce i
tint and independence of the Sag ; that if by as .
' weakness, sad which, in the eyes of posterity, woraibe on
• übis mks,• suck a tyranny was snowed to be est** "
i• principles and camel:rated by milk the English waif in
selves cif it to smart it ar a right, as they have milikf . 1
• el the tolerance of Governments to establish the higosk . . •,r
I el*, that the Skip( a,niclon
.tots. .not wee 1414 6
• give to their tight st blockade as pedespry eaptuis% yi 1' •
- infringes sidle sioviivoty et eery:State; we have : ''•
I• do decree, as fedowi:;••••;••• '• ' - • ' • 'PP
. Aar: 1.. Ewer shipi'm whitgir nation it ,th
el. be ong, that. Ault have Inblafed fo be haw 01
,
, an English ship, or to a voyage to England, • la
9
*a have ini,4l any tan vrhatnisever to the • '
i Government, is therdet. and for 'that alone, . : .th
eto be lersationalinni, to have forfeited the pert* • '
e
its Ring, and to have become English PraPestr. act
Aar. 11. Whether the ships thus deattiosaW • '
e the arbitrary measures of the English . ~ . .
✓ enter into our ports, or those'of oar allies, or ~. -
4 they fall into the hands of our ships of war, ct i '
privateers, they are declared to be good and -
prizes. • . r
4 Aar. 111. The British Islands are deshait '
as in a state of blockade,both by land and sea. Eve* P 1
of of whatever nation, or whatsoever the semi
s►` '' e
4 cargo so may be, that sails from the poets of , au
F.' or these of the English Colonies, and elf the .t• • a
of occupied by English troops, and proceeding to . I •
land, or to English Colosies, or to Countries - t •
kl., pied by English troops, is good and lawful ' ;'
0, as contrary to the present Decree ; anti maybe
`°• tared by our ships 4 war cm our privateers, ad ' 3
liS •
te... judged to the captor. ^
Aar. IV. These measure*. which are mud
ea only in just retaliation of the barbarous system •
Me by England, which assimilates its legidatin a '
of of Algiers, shall cease to have any effect with 3
rat to all Nukes who shall have the firmness to '
114 .tbe.Englida Goventrnessz to respect their Ilsg , ' - •
ca114_,_,,, ,__ 1 .
ali sup.ia continue to he rigorouslT infarct as meg a . .•
ea., Government does not retarn to the principle i
91/4. Law of Nations, which regulate' the Tektites d !
°I lifted States in a state of war. The provide:l _
present Decree. shall be abrogated and nall,•1 . •
44 soon as sire English abide again by the • : •
tot the Lawof Nations, which are also the . ' : •
hid justice ind of honour. , • .11/0.-. ' • 4-
"!• All our Minister are ehargarleith the mai
lee.
of the present Decree which shall be insets:lS '
Bulletin of the Laws. (Signed) x
ray orate of the Itsopstor.
cr.:, '
sat.eraw, a sum. mead) IL 9 .
our Ass totbis Diem thorn kin the (Add .
on; t fellow* Circular Letter; irldressed by the Warns ,
inn lorranzon to the CeAletellth Of COKIMMICe. • *
ac. " You are not unacquainted, Gentlemen, so
sla- late acts of the British Government. that 12°
rith : the oppression of the commerce of the wog;
know that it has resolved to destroy the hi
OW ~ i
mains of the independence of the ems. It sr •
ver,
, as proper, that henceforth no ship shall navigate* p.,
air- without touching at its ports, withoit a tribe t -
will pretended sovereignty ; and without receiving
28". 211 igneiDiSIOUS licence. '., •
" Thus the Oceon is henceforward only theii
Ho-
Rcs. slavery : the usurpation of the most tarred I '
I so rights el nations is consummated, and this
ions, yoke is to press opts them until the day of •
i°ll7' or until becight to a due sense of moderatia
ram' English Government will keel calm its tap;
pro-
L de_ break that sceptre to which the nations of the
I
sap. neat will never cons nu to submit.
1 "I am calling our common attention to de :
care portant circumstances which must port/full,' '
o we . us to awaken your patriotism and your wisdom, '
ailed, .
andl would have imagined, that every lobs:sumo
stria that clogged the course of the, comenee
such the Continent,. had been exhausted ; al, "
le es.l they are going to -be aggravated Pi- the .
es of lately adopted by England; but they wll' foci
minds made up to struggle against, and see o - '
13.ratr this new mode of oppression.
"We must not shut our eyes to the cos •
el Importation Importation and 'exportation, already ''s tio
o cb
is, as , strieted, will soon be much more so. Eitri
- I connected with Maritime Commerce; every drag
1
timesirei. I depends upon it, will now be liable to snore dif•
,
ties, tomcat uncertainty. There are, boom
1 •
.0111111
ease. 1 channels that still remain open.
" The power of attacking every ship do
mute nounees the independence of its national isto '
142.7w1e 1 shameful submission to the British Soversigatl,
P "p....). ' by Davitating muter a British licence, will uPsI a
gum' ' Atli to the hopes of our Commanders. S'lth $
if this! source will not peeve ineffectual, and Rena .
merce will not devote Itself uselessly tc that °I
