LYMF. Er.cin HARBOUR.

- -
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER.
then moved the (10..-t:r it:l the day for resuming
adjouroed debate on the grant fora sum of itlo,ooo
to he appropriated to iil4: Repairs of Lynie Reg:
Harbour.

Mr. GORDON objected to this order, being
brought fin ward at so early an hour. He undertoed
the arrangement through the Session had been, that
no public business should be brought forwaid at an
earlier hour than haif-past four o'c:ock. It was t
only five minutes after f'ntr, and be was aware that
several of his Friencli:
Rochester), who he knew ant tided to deliver their
sentiments on this subject, trusting implicitly to this
arranrement, had not yet come down. He trusted,
therefore, the Eight !for.. Gentleman would oat
Ares: forward this motion before the usual hour for
comma rising public business atrived.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
agreed that the Honourable Gendem in was penee.dy
correct in what lie had state] respecting the corn.
mencement of public business, but tins arrangemict
had been adopted wily with a view to in te
ness, and as at this time them was no bu..ii:eft of rho's
description to occupy the attention of the a. 3.1
AS every Honourable Member must be aware Of (Lit,
he could not see ally reason ible griiiiiids ct (,bjecii.m
to proceed with the Oider of the Loy on the qu,!..
Lion lie had move +.

Mr. GORDON said, if the. Right Um. Gentle.
man persisted in bringing on the Ort:er before
past tour, he would move that the House should be
counteJ

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQU7.R.
thought proper V► persist. notwithstanding this iati.
cation, and the Ilinoorable Member proceeded ID
carry his intimation into effect.
'file gallery was then cleared, and the Braise being
counted, only thirty-one Members were found to he
present, and an adjournment took place.

The official account of the P.armgatelpicr
Trust bAs been published, from which it ;,ppe,trs
the amount of the Wild, the of e, ISI 5, w;ls
£32,(i71. Ic. 4;cl. The expenditure trf:rn that ptri,)ti
to 24th June, 1816, amointed to £.'f;,B o. 17s. G!.
and the Revenue to £22,477.19:. ;IL Tneamount
of the food in 1516 was £29,735. lf;t:.
The Committee on the Hop; Catal of Irani
have made their Report. They r-c,inalor.d Op! :47•
pointment of a new Company ''o niansige the proier y
which still remains, and to pre;etve the navigAtion ;
they are of opinion that this Company should h.:
formed exclusively of the creditors of the late Corr-
ration, who should also 1w admittTJ as propriemrt,
in proportion to the sum; orignially lent by-them ;
and that, until the new Company can be formed,'th
management should remain where it now is, in.the
lands of the Directors General.

The followittp: it a copy of the Act to Rogqlate
the Administration of Oaths, in certain casts, to Offi-
cers in his Majesty's Land and Sea Fortis:
" Whereas by certain Arra passel in the reigns at his Mjesty'a
Royal Predecessors, it was provided, that Office: s in his Majesty s
Royal Navy and Ofli,srs in hi* Majesty's Army ..!is,II tale cettart
Oatti.t, :mil make aid toiltarrilie certain Declarati.no, brove the;
41tall enter titian the offices or places of trust !owlirit :hey may
N. appointed; And win-le:IS doolitt have been earostai. , d wltt..ha:
the provisions of the -aid Acts an• snit in tura in that behalf t
and whereas the practice of taking the said Oaths, and making
' and subtcribinr the said Declarations, by Officers, prei els t i
' their receiving 'Commissions In Lit Majesty's Army, lath 1:11-i
lung disused i and wht reas it is cps-die:it to retiv:ve such tizoi.t.,
and tit assimilate the practice of the two Staler.: l'e a* there-
fore enacted by tLe King's Most Excellent bijoey, by 4!)d 7fiqt
the advice and cim 'rut of the lauds Spiritual and Ttanyoral and
Conunims in this yresent Parliament assferaled, and le; It.e ati•
thority of the same, that :rum and after the Fining an this Ac.,
ft shall and may be lawrid to and for Ili* Majesty's lirincyal 'w-
arm-Ws of State, the Lord High Admiral uf the linit•-.1 ll.triza
dont of Great llritain aid Ireland, or the Comaniagiutor: for eta-
Luting the c!&e of hard High .kalinitai aforesaid, lb.! Csmisma,
der iu Chief of his :Vlajusty s Laud .Vorces„ the Haute General
of the Ordnance, and the Sec:rtary at \Vat- fur the time betty,
respectively, or aLy other persons tiirtemito lawfully audiciti:o4
to deliver Coinmlassons or Warrants to any Offi.er, it: is:a Ma.
jesty's Royal Navy, laud l'urce.s, or Royal Marne.., without
prcvionsty regal:Luganda °filter or UC,icets to take the said natio,
or make and subscribe tint ad I.).;clataliul a; a t.y tbies iu any
Act or Acts contained to the plumy thereof in any ways not-
witb""ling• Provided ahisYlls .I.kat nothing 4.reio .t.t.t.thit.l
shall emend, or be cunt:trued tutateml, to any Oath, ra ciusrealt?
any Act or Acts new in forte to be takest, or to any Urctleaticrs
thereby required to tie made and subsaibed, by asap Office: et
Officers as afaresaid, atter he ur they shill have accepted and re
craved such Cammieguits or Wailants as afote-aid."
-

MURDER AT I'IiNDLETOR..-4481 RwhiNtrOlit of Far-
anions), hear Leyland. (conimorty c414t1 I
Jack), was last week committed to Liiic tart' lue: •
on a charge a being Conceived with II illun cam
and the .4.shereffr iu the fend eton murder aad ''•
berg; and these is another person in costody.(4.r.
North; under exarninatilu cp the liac chariii:.

Ii

THE EVENING STAIL-

LONDON.

2.

FRIDAY, JULY 11. 1811.
t4.•:.ECF STOCKs THIS DAY A"l"l'Vflil.VE rl'CLOtti
reueed 794j—Cons. 78179-4 per Cant.D9ii
ci'. for Opt. Sol t--Ditto fur August 801 81
per Gent. Navy, 10--Indls Bonds 92 pm.
ttchesucr i7a. 19s. pr.

'ii:- prices of Stoats continue to advance. Consols were this
t.taing done at 801 for this accouar, and rii for the August
&lorry pier s in from every quarter, and the orticr
z....-eired by Brokers to buy, even at this high Fice, are greater
- • ver Mss known.

lOYIAN

statements in F-rcign Journal:,
C• a.,-erf ;rent is abs ut to deliver up Varga W the
1.4 re. We hope hat there is no truth in the report ;
it such a mea,ore he in contemplation, that out
..sters may be induced, as was the case re4pectiog
• :Ica, to change t'mir ititentions. It it, evidently
. nod policy that we should not give up any place of
especailly ally one calculated to protect any
of our Mediterranean ccitnineree.

A:cording .to a Treaty concluded on the Clst of
:.:.arch, 1800, between Russia and the Potty, the
of the Venetian possessions in European Tur-
k••y were assigneJ over to the latter Power under
•aese special conditions ;—that the inhabitants should
...reserve the free and public exercise of their religion
—be subjected to no Greater tribute than they paid of
to the Venetians—continue to be regulated by
•^.eir ov.r. laws and usages--and that no Mahometans
auld be allowed to acquire property or become do-
miciled among them. 1n fulfilment of this Treaty,
of these possessions, with the excertion of the
:rims of Parga. opposite to Corfu, became ac-
.rudingly transferred to Turkish protection ; but in
elrn.st every respect, the stipulations in favour of the
inhabitants are affirmed to have been wholly dis-

regarded.
From the dose vicinity of Parga to Corfu, of which
it has been commonly called the Eye and Ear, its iu•
habitants had always attached themselves to the for-
tunes of that island, and the 'rucks, though they
made repeated attempts, under Ali Paella, were un•
uLl‘ to bring them to submission as they had done
the people of the other assigned territories. Favoured
by the almost impregnable nature of their small ter-
ritory nn the land side, and possessed of a courage
irld constancy worthy of a people descended from the
cicient defenders of Thermopylz, they maintained
their independence inviolate; and when at length the
lonian Isles came• under the protection of• Britain,
t^ey deemed their security placed beyond all hazard,
Ly the title which they had from ancient and faithful
elliance, to partake in the good fortune of their in.
suLtr friends.

Nor in the first instance were their hopes disap-
pointed ;—A detachment of- British troops entered
LAO occupation of the garrison of Parga at the same
tittle that possession was taken of the other Islands.
More lately, however, the Porte has entered a
claim for its delivery to that Power, agreeably to the
Treaty of the 21st March, 1800 ; and the result of
tome recent negotiations on the subject at Constanti-
nople is understood to be that this demand is forth-
with to be complied with.
. Against this transference, the Mossiteur of Monday
Contains, in a private letter horn Corfu, a very strong
appeal to this country—to its generosity in as far as
regards the brave Parganites, and to its wisdom as
respects the interests of the Islands under its own
protection.

" Is it credible," it is asked, " that the English,
veto have so often promised peace to all Europe, who
have abolished the trade in Negroes, and the slavery
6i Christians in Barbary, will abandon a people who
have acquired such sacred rights to independence—al
Christian people to the hands of their most cruel and
inveterate foes ? Is it credible that the English Go-
iernment can overlook how absolutely essential the
possession of Parga is to the welfare of the lonian
isles—how necessary as a point of connection with a
Continent from which they draw so large a portion
their supplies—how valuable, as a place of
crength which in the hands of any other POwer may
p•ore of the most serious annoyance to the whole
Archipelago ?"
" If the Porte," it is added, " insists that the
Treaty of the (2 Is t of March, 1800, shall be carried
.to complete execution, by the delivery, on the one
T,and, of all the places assigned ; ought it not, with
'goal reason, to be insisted on the other hand, that
Oese places shall enjoy the privileges which were ac-
04:tied to them by that Treaty ? Is it not objection
enough to its demand for the delivery of the only one
of these places left untransferred, that in all the others
Which it has got into its possession, it has grossly vio-
lated every stipulation trade in their favour ?"
Justice and humanity, it is concluded, unite in sanc-
tifying what motives of policy render otherwise so
eeiirable—the retention of Parga lsi the Government
of the lonian Isles, both as an indemnity for the past
Culasions of she Treaty of 1800, and as a guarantee
for the faithful execution of that Treaty in time to
come.

The Doke of Yonx transacted military business
‘eith the Paine Its.cat:i .1., yesterday.
Yesterday the Duke DL CIIATRZ waked upon the
Passes Ramon, at Cat Itun House.
Yesterday CASILLIMAGII and Earl BA-
iitnerr had audicutt.s -of the l'utNcs; REUIGMT, at
Latkon House.
