SURREY ELECTION.

GUILDFORD, JUNI IS.—This being the day appninted I
for the County Election, this town was yesterday filled
by the friends 131 the respective candidates. The unex-
pected appearance of a third candidate, in the person
of Mr. Ulmer, having excited the strongest interest
for the result of the election in all parts of the county.
At ten o'clock this morning the doors of the Town Hall
were thrown open for the admission of the Electors, by
whom it was instantly filled.
The High Sheriff, Henn/ DRUM MOND, Esq. having
caused Proclamation of the purpose for which the Free-
holders had assembled to be made, the Writ directed to
him for the election of two Knights of the Shire, and
the Act against Bribery and Corruption to be read, '
Sir RICHARD Faenearcx addressed the meeting,‘and
said, he had to propose to them their late Represents-
tire, George Holme Sumner, as a fit and proper persOn
to represent them in the ensuing Parliament. 1 hey had
full experience of his ability and integrity, and had
shewn their approbation of his conduct by returning
him their Representative in four successive Parliaments.
The Representative of Surrey should be a perfectly in-
dependent and respectable man—a man who, in Pa•lia-
meat, would uphold the Religion, the King, the Law,
and Liberty ; in short, the Constitution of the country.
Such a man was Mr. Sumner, whom he now recom-
mended to their choice.—(Applause and hoses.)

Mr. C. B.►act.ac seconded the nomination.

H. Przeu, Esq proposed Mr. Denison as a proper person to
represent the county in Parliament. They bad experience of Iris
conduct, which was most satisfactory, and entitled him to their
fullest confidence.
Mr. Limn seconded the nomination. Every one
who knew Mr. Denison's public conduct must know,
that he had at all times exerted himself to relieve the
country from that excessive load of taxation by which
it was oppressed. The principles of free trade were
approved by every man of enlightened mind. He was
convinced that it was by them alone that the prosperity
of England was to be maintained. For his own part,
he thought the trade in corn ought to be as free as in
any other commodity ; but as the agriculturists had to
pay tithes, an i parochial taxes of all kinds, they requir-
ed some protection. He most earnestly wished for low
prices, as equally necessary to the prosperity of the far-
mer, and every other class of the people; but however
desirable, it could only be brought about by a reduc-
tion of taxation, without which some of the great na-
tional interests mutt-always be in a nate of suffering.
Because Mr. Denison had dane all in his power to
attain that desirable object, and because he knew that
nothing on earth could tempt him to do an act injurious
to the people of England, he felt great confidence in
recommending him to his brother freeholders, and he
trusted to see him returned by them in a manner that
would evince the high sense they entertained of his past
services.—((+rcat applause.)
Mr. BRISCOE next addressed the Meeting. He said,
he presented himself to their notice for the purpose of
proposing, for the honour of their representative in
Parliament Mr.P.illmer, a Gentleman with whose met its
they were all acquainted.—(Chart.) He disclaimed
any personal or piivate dislike to either of the other
candidates, in proof of which he now offered his hand
in token of pet lect cordiality to both. (The Hon. Gent.
here skook hands with Mr. Sum er and Mr. Denison,
amidst loud langhter.) He denied that his Hon. Friend
was in oppos•tion to the late Members. The electors
were called upon to exercise their right of choosing
their representatives, a trust which should not be trans-
mitted as an heir loom. Ile rec. mmended the Free-
holders to take notes of all the votes given by their
Representatives in Parliament, and they would then see
the manner in ss bleb they discharged t'‘eir trust. The
cent and dispassionate judgment which he knew Mr.
Palimer to pcssess, eminently qualified him to hold a
seat in Parliament. He would exercise the trust with
a sense of the deep responsibility he was under, and
with a firm r:liance on that Omnipotent "Ling who
directed the consciences of al well-disposed men. The
Hon. Gentleman concluded by again recommending
Mr. Pallmer as a Gentleman every way wt,rtlty of
tl.eir confidence.—(( I,eers.)
Mr. Drum' seconded the non dna tion.

Mr. Taowza observed, that the late Representatives
of Surrey were men of whose ibiliti they had had
ample experience, and they were now called on to
abandon them for an lion. Gentleman of whom they
had no experience. He hoped the Electors would do
earthing so unjust as to abandon a faithful servant.
Mr. SUISINZEt said, that in addressing Gentlemen to
hom be had, for so many years past. been under the
deepest obligations, he was overpowered by feelings of
gratitude. the trust they had reposed in him was the
stunt sacred that any body of men could place in ano-
ther, as the laws by which they were 4overacd were
made by those they sent to Parliament. For twenty long
years they had thought him worthy of that trust, and
whatever might be tl.e result of the present contest, their
c nildence in him could never be effaced from his mind.
Nothing cou:d be more grateful to 1 is fr. bogs than the
unanimity he had ob,eived in this town (GJildford) in
Lis favour. His Hot,. Friend had said he could recom-
mend bim to the electors as an honest man—to be honest,
as times go, was to be oat of ten thousand. He bad always
acted according to the best of his judgment. He consi-
dered it an unconstitutional practice to call upon Can-
didates to give a pledge of their future conduct. He
had always said he would not go to Parliament with
his bands tied—he would go perfectly free, or he would
not go at all. He would only say, that he had long been
their faithful servant and why should they dismiss him
in a manner which they would not dismiss any faithful
servant from their families, without his having been
guilty of any violation of dot y.—(Applause and hisses)
Mr. Datitaott next came forward, and was received
with loud acclamations. He returned thanks for the
kindness he had experienced from the electors. He had
originally solicited the votes of the Freeholders of Sur-
rey on the ground of public principles, and by those
p inciples he was at all times %%Wing to stand or fall.
fl lid kept an account of every vote he had given in
toe llon.e of Commons, and had it then in his pocket,
for the inspection of every Freeholder, and by that he
was willing to be tried—(Applause and laughter). The
fi.st vote he gave was for Lord John Russell's motion
for an inquiry into the expenditure of the Givil List,
and the last was in support of his Hon. Friend's, Mr.
Brougham's motion, for an irquiry into the state of
slavery in the West Indies—(Applause). He bad al-
trays voted for moderate Reform, and had been the
constant friend of the Abolition of Slavery. He had
also supporte4 the Admission of Catholics to the Rights
of Citizens, though nothing should induce hint to sop•
port soy speasute that he thought could be injurious to
the Eit,blisfanent. If hc had erred, it was in company

with the greatest statesmen of modern times—with Mr.'
Fox and Mr. Pat, stub Mr. Canning and Lord Grin.
only. If they again conferred upon him the honour of
heing their Rept% sentative, his intent* to their interests
should 6e unremitting, and in every rote he should
4: one consult their interests and the gond If their COM•
mon ci,untry.
Mr. l'ata.statt then addrett4cl the Meeting; and de-
dared that nothing could mate been less expected by
him than the invitation he bad received to offer himself
a Candidate for the represen•ation of the county; but
that invitation WAS so flattering, and the rersoris by
whom it was Made so highly respectable, and so capable
of estimating the opinions and the feelings of the free-
holders, that he ahould-Jiave deemed himself dt ficient
in duty had he not complied with it. Should the elec-
tors make him the object of their choice, it would be his
unceasing endeavour to di: elrarge his duty, and prove
himself not unworthy their confidence—(Applause).
The Hum Snakier then proposed the several Candidates, sad
declared that the show of hands was in favour of Mr. Selmer and
Mr. Denison.
A poll was demanded by Mr. Pallmer's friends, poll clerks were
sworn, and the poll proceeded wick all possible expedition, and con.
tinned till five o'clock, when the nun:bers were—

Mr. Sumner
Mr. Denison
Mr. r.illtner

£SL
408
Isl 7

Mr. Samna rose to return thanks—( Cries of down
Sumner). Gentlemen might cry cow.,, Sumner," as
long as they liked, but it was a matter of proud grati.
fication to him to see the poll. He bad never before
seen a more decided proof of the feelings of the free.
holders. A few more such days, and Mr. Palmer
would find to his cost that the town of Kingston was
not the court of Surrey—(Applause and hisses).
Mr. Dairtsom said, he felt reason to congratulate him-
self oa the state of the poll, for he expected to be the
last, having been entirely taken by surprise, and had
told his friends he should not want them till Wednes-
day. He hoped his friends would continue their exer-
tions, which must be successful—( Applause).
Mr. PALLMIR expressed his perfect satisfaction with
his place on the poll, and his perfect confidence of final
success.—The High Sheriff then adjourned the polling
to nine o'clock on Wednesday (this) morning.
•
