LONDON.

' TUESDAt, JANUARY 18, 184.
list MA:shr't tairt.-13oliday at the Beni.

The agreeildi 14tenigente Wthich we commtmic
yesterday, on the authority Qf, oil! Letter from. ago;
wish, is Most amply stontanned., bf:the arrivai,4
Dutch Papers of friday, aodu.Satttrder
scion b*s been fought, in which the whole of the
Trench disposable force from AntwerP.and the Allied
fortes, consisting of Dutch, Praisiani, and
am engaged. The Prussians lien commrsded br
General Broil', grid tho reltitlt-iiisd Dutch by
?ROMA& Gamiest, troops bore the
ifiint of the action, swat Ore; of case, entitled to the
rater there a the the view, -Wee
pleb: for the French iveiCipyistst into Antsierpt
•
sad Dutch shaft it no cleared' or the:
enemy. The following ste the details which
Naha us through the snesliont of the Duch Pawls
• w BUDA, htlitAit'Y Is;
"On tire night Iseroto last, Geiseol &slow left thia
sit 7, with his sit for the purpose of Making, this
teeming, a goarel attack -ask the enemy, who, haeni'
ink lately Mimi ieinfortements, mostly consisting

lonaparte troth lareiletnt. . -.;
Abottt sets* seelor:b 4,4101110,40101r_
Gann! Bulow, with tbSlSlOrdloilioni" • •
-10MPrttaiian trope; pissiolitieseltOtett Zu4
dent while, it the gam' ilthilkOis4l• sight *high
tomposea of British mists; had islreadilheipui •
Wank thOugh the its of: Bergen op.
hhdlthe.left Wing, cominiOgof "intuiting, attacksit
the side eE •Itooptraten: The eentresoori thine `'
action with the estenty,hnd the battle botame igefitiOi-
Theeppiisiiion *as severe, particularly on the t
itingspebete the ennui for. a long time made an of o
stinatioresistance.;
.but at last hiaposition was'
▪ pints: he was compelled to relinquish the fielsk
of !unlit° the Allies,'and-with eorisiaeiable loss to
kir* towards- Antwerp" Hoogstraten, West Ntoottl,
sad several other plat* beyond oot. confines, .weft
waited by our treopi ; and the' -head-quartart e 1
Phseral Below were established at Loinhoin.•
* The loss of the in thii bettie is not so Ow
able as might: hav'e, been ea:piloted . Hower.*
we have to lament the loss of some beast-P:lmin%.
awl British ; and nine . tarts Tadao- with domidiii
Prussians have entered this Place; ilekle.the Dfiti is
*fat their *donde& to Villeinstad:' • ; • • ;
But laicelOss of the enemy in billosilig tirOoMadi
b much greater ; and . the Allies have bmildess
about 800 primers, • who. yestfrdar afternoon
last night' suecestively entered this
orders have bee q reciiied,berti to maks`ptiparsti6,*
In the hospitA for the receptien *of twelve hundred'
wounded, mostly Fritsch, to .be brought .from the
field of battle.

" A PlussiinoEcer, who is some frotnt he army,
aim assorts us, that.twelve'or fourteen-pieees of can
non felt into the ha iids• of the Allies at
_Hoogstraten
"'Phis morning the baggage of the young Prince if
Orange passed through here to the headloartelig girl
Leenhout. .
"It is stipsmi . that the (*easy has again is'...
si ._
uP a position at Ibeskaat-basth, not far fro- Allti:'
p: and it is expected tint General Billow will
ere attack him without dii4o,.:ln the mean time,
these two days pasy•iiia.mia nthiabet of ttoopa
are passed through here for tl;l;appy.
.. . '
We have just now teceivaskitturet that Bois.le.
ll* has beta evacuated Willi Veatch i but
seance decide whether the town only.was.raelsitt-
*tither It itcluded aito fort P•tlx4l.. bell 4 .'
-2 ' '..
, . gi . int EDA, ,/ AtiIJARTA
" The assay i himself ihosisitely.

.•
tv .4*- •,
\

Officers, Sib ire .. tartan,
, our loss is) tined ligliPoalo.boting thoOt;
200, though thit-of the elsetitifkointieh greater.
14 pcisirat Backer marcher( silk his eOrps upon
Frankenthal and Warm'. Ilse 'Prussian General
.11rittee Pisan. of Conriand was sent by him to open,
'thressgh-Alsey, the Ctitntnunikation wlthlite*ers of,
~Yaß'c~t lid .I..aigeron.' Hi found the enstmNiiikisey,,j
Okapi hint itst.4* disorder, and took one Lieutenant.
'OhnseisStee Officers, 100 men, and -/Me ammunition!
msggon. At the same time, Major-General KaipoF
Iles, '
cavalry iltair at. Mutterstadt, in which eight
isitbadrons of . the. enemy were dispersed and cut ;o
pieces, and three Lieutenant. Colonels, 22' Officer%
'and 198 privates, taken.

.8 On the 34 of Jam!ary, Connt Langeron entered
Bingen, and *eve the enemy with considerable lois.
towards Metz ; Lieutenant-General Olsusgew being
wounded on this occasion by a Musket-ball, though
not dangerously. ;
'!..Thus the enemy, in three days, have lost .13
tamps, and more than 1500 men. ThtSiltslan army,
'bath* 4th of January, possessed the country between
the Moselle and Mattheim ; the city of Meirtz is a'.
teadycut off from France, and the enemy's troops.aie
every where rapidly retiring to the Saar.
" ETery where were the Allied troops received ivith
the greatest joy: The German, inhabitants of the
ielt bank of the Rhine have not become degenerate!
iltifpugh
;a nineteen years slavery, bat every wizens dia..
play trot German sentiments arid wishes. , . ...„
_
, 4 The
.vouaniert, all Frenchtintes have evert
where Red ; tad the Field Marshal has already re:
inowtd the unfteteral. prohibitions of commercial it.
.1
tercouna wrath the right bank, to the joy of the inhe-,
I
~:. • . i
• " Dftitla...Sd. prep:neon, Pere greatly made to i
pass *Mine at Dusseldorf, alltßotte was already
lakeitoit Si lief Antler/. . .. '_ - '
' "Vitas4iirieilitteat expeOillete Lord. Castlereagh.
His hsililii6.Get. Stewart4illiclay; passed through
heti feat the heed-quartittiOr the Crows 'Prince of
Satedle,..selsovnite left on the lst of tem.
caetia hit Majesty the Emperor. • •
ie Today a considerable' ttottsport of Frsatels pit
.
Weis passed through here.. • •
. * DORT, Mit • It '
Irvererehry passed throoliti here as courier, in ef,
Sots' . from General' t eloss's hely. on his PAY to the
Huipooreith the se.etrintrat Olt succauestftiels have
,be54:4,414- ~ . ... . .
I' ; l' A ;
APIEr Ilthi: . Arrived here frog'
Ceetuttlis erPaittv iheiltile *Atm I".sagastr"
tier

re

I

of neviiirelsed to:wipes, hOtiiiiiinyed about 20,001 a streteif.
teei,da Otti Sitahels, it elllo!ptilding for secret-4 and tw
.14111ti......00104.
ditagelAo#l
vett, Zents49- ilikleb. . ,stnift!.
war ender the eoesuimi aril... . ' n ' . • • ' "ft"
ben* *So heti ietiodi WM iiittioliiitt4iiit Wren ° •
r,. 'T 1
