.......... e . '
. • -,.. -..' .
• • ° , L'' -,..................... ......,.............._ !,, , rg.t..- _,...
. ••.
~ • •
. .
••
lit.r . t * )
. .
•
• •
.-,/ . . e . e"
,
.."'
..../' -4 • \i„
. , . .
. ~,je.....,•. E. ooze is/ . . ...rie •. 1 • • . f"NI.; -
. - _P-
.. . • . . • 1,.... - -
e:-.,,, . ...A\
..•.,,,,Av .... 4„, i
. - • - • . • . dik.• .., - ... • 11,- ::. -
'ilifit.:4. -- 1 ,1,-- , ••-fr.,, -;
'''S.. >14..A.. ! ....).- •
. I '
I I! IR-e" .11 ,
Ai )11. ~......,•,...............„...„
~.
4„. IV. I:vivo.. ~..
~...740/9".7 Olik-Alp
.• . :
_,. , 4 •
I (
~ ~... •
. • . ,
_ -„,..., ___ ........ ____ ............_ .
- WEDNESDAY OGTOBER 21, 1818. PRICE SEVEN -PENCF:
. . .
... 41-1:2.1 • •
,lIMINOMINIMPINNOW •
• Airy were pnblished, -.4 • • . This day was pubk
lon, Ismo. price 75. is boards, REVENGE DEFEAT
I. 1 k..
ART of MAKING WINE. A DRAMA%
ke Application of its Principles to Pebilthed by Jelin Soutar; end •
4
Wines. 190, Orford-street ; am
-
-uLtocn, M.D. The lit of November will be publ,
I, Orme, and Brown, London.
price 14*.
'Wished, SKETCHES of the PHITALS
Sir T. CHARLES MORGAN, ,
ds Bs. anew edition, being i
Ro_yel College pf Physicians of London. I.
This Work is intended M convey a pc 14
IACTERS, exem- jog facts in iltysislogy as they beer me
or of " the Beneficial moral fed social „mina. Del Author ha I
Happiness." .avoided details merely professional and foto,
chard, Piccadilly. of general inquirers.
, .
Printed for Henry Celburn, Condor , •
,
' LTCATION, Of whom may be had just pubUslyed, the 4th , ,
'ES. . Prance, by Lady Megan, with font Appen ;ti t i ( '
-Gus and C. M. no the State el Law. limns, Idedicitsi 1
opinion in Frame, a mob. Sao. sel. 4s.
,proved,
Royalr-arc-----,--4....70.--,-E,r--11----11!"-------
vidoe ~.:
Is ?/4/111.tif. LAST NION'T'S GAZET. ' i 1 .
~
- ! ! I'
‘,- lads Gant" anueusees that Isie Royal iliokness ti. ii 1i1' .
Rimini has granted the dignity sof 's Baronet of the
Kingdom to Sir Iluscrany DAVY, of Grosvenor-street,
'arLah of lit. George, Hanover-square. I" . s
, ! •
bar 84, John Taylor, of Lewisham, Kant, linea.drape •
at Guildhall. 1
- 23, William Cooke, of Chapel-street, New-Road, gr,
der and chapman, at ten, at OuildhalL
BANKRUPTS. • 1,
Le Brun, of King-street, Covent-Garden, chymist,
.. . i ‘apsnan, to surrender October 24, Nov. 27, and tj I
,at Guildhall Attorney, Mr. Dawson, Saville- ' 1
In-street. • pt
Camberwell, Surrey, victualler, dealer and Lis , 1
27, Nov.'?, and Dec. 1, at twelve, at Guild. by t I.l'
Henson, Bouverk-street, Fleet-etreet. home .
,cheater, innkeeper, Nov. 17, 18, at ten, . ,
the Albion Hutel, Manchester. Attor. their l
11•
Ainsworth, Manchester, or Messrs recomn
London. and trat, i
ton-under-Lyne, Jacob Marland, 1
Thomas bledhurst, of Manche.-
A solemn y
-opartners, Nov. 2,3, at four, The En
'gewater Arms, Manchester. to All-la-t
I `•
•er, or Messrs. Clarke, Ri-
'e, London. Church of t
amidsrthe as / t
IUILDHALL. Te Deem per.
tt, warehouseman, at
Assen.aajoet. Como_ public officers,
i. •
•eitz, Great Win- sembled in- the 1 0
li
1 ,
R. King, Duke- the Emperor rept
tweleveire: Nov.N,• Civil Officers and
-elves Nov. A scene then suck
•-merchant, sian Sovereign io tin
as. Nov. people, or, its the we
N' A. J. as die shepherd of his
COO
11-
bled peasants to be b 1 1
^.iThr
en. coursed to them in persi.
"-- ness had given them, anc
worthy Deputy of the cot :
Wedeln, interpreted the d
ho graciously heard the rej.
'n the afternoon the Empe
• .:, , Mobility of the Province,
•inment in the Hall of 1
'as tastefully ornamenteu k.
'le entertainment, the I.
e welfare of the Courk
' f
1, in return, proposed :
• .
mediately after the e
ed his journey to Be, : •
oanied by the bless.
NU, OCTOBER it. p.
a report, said to , • :
', is in circulation I
as France, which is ,
ng, will arrive on . i
27th of this mos, i
the duration. of
'achy of Batten. .
must, how ver,
n called togetl I i
rd no turtht It
i
Constanti- .
Id, very
l great
I i 1 i
week
1 . f;
;fl I. i. , .
~
, .
ty, ,
['II '
:.
,:t i,
...
i
4 i '
t :4
t
[
11' ! ~ i
1 14 -
t• i I
t'
. ,
i-4,
s, , i
,
) k .
1
i
'4l

MITTAU, SEPTEMBER 20.
The day before yesterday Divine Service was or-
dered in the principal Church, when the abolition of
vassalage in the Government of Courland, which had
' been resolved on by the Emperor, at the desire of
the Nobility, and the confirmation of the Plan of the
New Constitution for the Peasants was to be pub-
liched. At seven in the morning, therefore, the Civil
Governor, the Authorities, the Nobility, the Citizens,
and a great number of Peasants, assembled to pour
out their hearts to GOD, and to thank him that the
respectable class of their brethren, who cultivate the
soil of the country, have also attained the rights of
' Citisens.—The solemn Te Deum began after the ar-
rival of his Excellency the Governor, the Marquis
-Paltscci, and never, probably, was this hymn chaunted
with more feeling than by the persons assembled on
this day, an which above 400,000 of their brethren
,werstee malt it'e rights and dignity 9/ men.
After .the I Deum, the Governor addressed the
assembly in an appropriate speech, declaring the abo-
lition of the slavery of the peasants, by the Decree of
his Majesty, at the request of the Nobility, and an-
nouncing the Plan of the new Ordinance relating to
the Peasantry.
The Clergyman then ascended the Apit, and held
a discourse in German, in which he shewed the points
of view in which the new Constitution of the Pea-
sants was to be considered, and the importance of the
present moment. He then addressed the peasants in
Livonian, announced to them the benefit given them
by the Emperor, saluted them as free men, and ex.
horted them to gratitude to the Emperor, love to
their late masters, and a proper use of their freedom,
recommending them to pursue the path of legal order
and tranquillity which each of them had now to take.
A solemn hymn concluded this memorable ceremony.
The Emperor, who had arrived here on his way
to Aix-la-Chapelle, went, after Divine SerVice in the
Church of the Holy Trinity, to the Greek Church,
amidsrthe acclamations of the people, and heard
Te Deum performed; meantime the Nobility and
public officers, and the peasants who had been as-
sembled in the Church, went to the Castle, whither
the Emperor repaired from the Church, and had the
Civil Officers and the Nobility presented to him.
A scene then succeeded which represented the Rus-
sian Sovereign in the fairest light, as the father of hi,
people, or, as the world in its infancy called Princes,
as the shepherd of his people. He caused the assem-
bled peasants to be brought before him, and dis-
coursed to them in person, explaining what his good-
ness had given them and the proper use of it. The
worthy Deputy of tire country, Count Charles Von
Medem, interpreted the discourse of the Emperor,
who graciously heard the reply of two of the peasants.
In the afternoon the Emperor, at the invitation of
the Nobility of the Province, partook of an elegant
entertainment in the Hall of the Equestrian Order,
which was tastefully ornamented with flowery shrubs.
During the entertainment, the Emperor gave as a
toast, a The welfare of the Courland Nobility;" and
Count Meden, in return, proposed the health of his
Majesty. Immediately after the entertainment his
Majesty continued his journey to Berlin and Aix-la-
Chapelle, accompanied by the blessing of all the
people of Courland.
HANAU, OCTOBER

NEW WORKS PREPARING FOR PUBLICATION,
BY MESSRS. CADELL AND DAVIES.
1. IUACKLIN'S BIBLE, with its numerous and
INA. splendid Engravings, re-published on an Unproved,
yet far less expensive plan (dedicated by perrrus* don to his Royal
Highness the PRINCE REGENT).—This new and
Edition of the HOLY SCRIPTURF.S, with nurneroussuPea-
r
gravings, and now including a PREF'ACE and HISTORI-
CAL ACCOUNT of the several BOOKS, written expressly
for the purpose,
By the Rev. EDWARD NAFLES, D. D.
Rector of Biddenden, Kent, and Regius Professor of modern

History in the University of Oxford.
Will be completed in Twelve Parts, published Monthly, price
Two Guineas each. The Sixth Part will appear on the Ist of
November, and the remainder will follow in regular succession.
The Printing is executed by Messrs. Beasley and Sons, in the
size called Atlas Quarto. The Engravings, executed by the
principal Artists of this country, from Pictures by all our most
distinguished Painters, consisting of Seventy Historical Subjects,
besides more than One Hundred Vignette Head-pieces and
Tail-pieces, emblematical of the several Books • and the Work,
when completed, will form Three elegant Volumes of conve-
nient size.


•.• It has been thought important, in this opulent and
highly civilized country, to engage Young Persons in the
Higher Classes of Society, in a more diligent study of the
Sacred Page, by presenting to them the Bible in a more
ornamental form, enriched with Graphical Illustrations of
the Text, of undoubted merit and character ; thus making
the elegant Arts of Painting and Engraving subservient to the
advancement of the great interests of Christianity, and the
gratification of taste conducive to the improvement of piety.
With these views, the present Edition has been undertaken upon'
a scale of sufficient importance to command the attention of the
highest and most enlightened persons, yet with every possible care
to avoid unnecessary expense.
2. DON Qtrmou, highly illustrated front Pictures by Mr.
Smirke. This new edition of the celebrated work of Cervantes
I is a translation partly new, and partly founded on former Ver.
sions, extensively corrected. It will be embellished with between I
70 and 80 Engravings, all of which have been executed by the
most distinguished Artists of this country, from Pictures painted
by Robert Smiske, Esq. R. A. and will be published in four hand-
some volumes octavo; a limited number thereof, with early im-
gratin's of the Plates on royal paper, and'a few copies, with
proof impressions, on India paper, in quarto. As the elaborate
and highly finished style in•which these Engravings have been
executed will necessarily render the present much more valuable
than any future Edition, the Publishers request to be honoured ,
with the names, transmitted through the medium of their rapes.
tive Bookseller., of those Gentlemen who may wish to possess
early Impressions, when the copies will be initiate/1y appropriated
a to the dates of the orders. The publication will take
prosedklear yin November.
5. Titania through Demeang Swweass, LAPLAND, Femme.
Noway, and ANIMA ; with a description of the City of St. Pe-
tersburgh during the Tyranny of the Emperor Paul. By E. D,
Clarke, LLD. Being the Third and last Part of the Author's
Travels in Europe, Asia, and Africa. Handsomely printed in
4to. with numerous Engravings of Views, Maps, &c.
4. HJATOR/CAL, 1110.maar, and Pseroassoux sszavanoss on'
Poamoat ; illustrated with numerous coloured Views and au-
thentio Plans of all the Sieges and Battles fought in the Peninsula
during the late War. By George Landman, Llentsmant-Co-
lonel in the Corps of Royal Engineers, Lieutenant- one, in
the same corps in the service of Spain, with brevet rank of Co.
lone, ; elegantly printed in two large vols. 4to.
This Work comprises the Military and Political Amount of
that country, from the earliest period down to the present time,
and the Author's Military Reconnoisances, the local History,
and Picturesque Observations, embellished with Views selectel
for the purpose of conveying as much Military information as
possible ; the engravings, 70 In number, are most accurately co-
loured, from the original Drawings of the Author.
5. An HUITORIDAL and TOPOODATNICAL Accomer of Door
mat : being the ninth part of Magna Britannia, or a concise
Account of the several Counties of Great Britain. By the Rev.
Daniel Lysol's, A.M. F.R.S. F.A. and LS. Rector of Itodmar.
ton, Gloucestershire, and Samuel Lysons, Esq. F.R.S. and F.A.S.
Keeper of his Majesty's Records in the Tower of London.—
Handsomely printed in 4to. with numerous Engravings of Views,
Antiquities, &c.—The followin Counties are already published :
Bedford £1 11 6 Cheshire £3 3 0
Baits 2 12 6 Cornwall 3 15 0
Bucks 1 11 6 Cumberland 3 3 0
Cambridge 2 2 0 Derbyshire 3 10 0
6. The Huron, of the CITY of Demur, from the earliest Ac-
counts to the present time • containing its Anr.als. Antiquities,
Ecclesiastical History, and Charters; its present Extent, Public
Buildings' Schools, Institutions, &c. To which are added, Bio-
graphical Notices of Eminent Men, and copious Appendices of
its Population, Revenue, Commerce, and Literature. By the
late John Warburton, Esq. Deputy Keeper of the Records in
Birmingham Tower, the late Rev. James Whitelaw, and the
Rev. R. Walsh, M.R.I.A. Dedicated, by permission, to his
Excellency the Lord Lieutenant. In two vols. 4to. illustrated
by numerous Views of the principal Buildings, ancient and mo-
dern, Maps of the City, exc. A few Copies arc priced on large
paper.
7. The limner and Axnatirrnts of the Towea of Imencor,
with Biographical Anecdotes of Royal and Distinguished Per-
sons, deduced from Records, Stare Papers, Manuscripts, and
other original and authentic Sources. 13y John Bayley, of his
Majesty's Record Office, Tower, and of the Hon. Society of the
Inner Temple. This Work will likewise comprise an Historical
Account of the Record Office, with Memoirs of Eminent Men
who have been intrusted with its custody: also the 'History of
the Mint, the Regalia, the Origin of the Ordnance Establish-
ment &c. In one vol. 4to, Warn aced with thirty Engravings,
by Artists of the first eminence.
8. The Homer of Flume, Civil and Military, Ecclesiastical,
Political, Literary. Commercial, Sm. &c. Volumes IV. V. and
VI. Continuing the History from the earliest Accounts to the
Death of Henry 111. A.D. 1589. By the Rev. Alexander Ran-
ken, one of the Ministers of Glasgow.
9. I'he Dimas of Yoons, a Poem, elegantly printed in I vol.
10. Sea loss, by Edward Maltby, D.D. in two vols. Bvo.
U. Seaton on the Pasant= and Altman ofJuns Canter.-
By Edward Wm. Grinfield, M.A. Minister of Laura Chapel,
Bath. In one voL Bvo.
12. CON2P.XPOIART Burnam Postman, with short Biogra-
phical Notice—This elegant Work will gradually form a aerie,
of Portraits of the most eminent persons now living, or lately
deceased, in Great Britain and Ireland. A Number is published
occasionally, in large quarto, containing Six Portraits, each ac-
, eumpanied by a short Biographical Notice. price #l. Ss. Proof
Impressions, in a superior manner, in folio, price XL 16s. and
the Colics are delivered according to the dates of the orders re-
, ceived.
er A few of each Portrait are taken of for separate sale.
price lls. Proof Impressions, Is. 6d.
An extensive Preface is contained in the first Number, and
Titles, together with general Lists of the Portraits contained in
the Work, will be given hereafter. The Twenty-fifth Number
f*ill be published very shortly, and a List of the Portraits con-
tained in all the Withers, may at any time be bad gratis.

•

IS

For some days past a report, said to .be derived
from an authentic source, is in circulation here, that a
Russian corps coming from France, which l's said to be
from 25,000 to 50,000 strong, will arrive on this side
of the Rhine on the 26th or :ath of this morch, a• I
will be cantoned for a time, the duration. of which
is not yet fixed, in the Grand Duchy of Baden. The
truth or falsehood of this report must, however, soon
appear.
The Baden troops which have been called together
remain exactly where they were, "and no further
movemeuts have taken place.
