AFRICAN INSTITUTION.

Yesterday the Sixteenth Anniversary of the Society
to carry into effect the measures of the Legislature
to abolish altogether African Slavery, was held in the
Freemasons' Taverri—abe Duke of GLOUCESTER in the
-Chair. His Royal Highness entered the room ac-
companied by the. Marquis of LANSDOWN, Lord
CALTHORP I:, Lord GAMBI BR, Mr. WILBERFORCEI
Mr. Btrxr. , &c. The Report, which was read by
the Secre: y, stated that an application had been
made by the Dicke of WELLINGTON to the French
Minister at Verona, who said, the idea of the abolition
was not popular in France. It stated the instructiods
of Mr. CANNING to the Duke of WELLINGTON, and
the subsequent endeavours to treat slave ships as pi-
rates, and to refuse admission into their States of all
Colonial produce of such nations as refused to put an
end to this. It also contains the declaration of the
Ministers of the various Powers at Verona against
the Trade, notwithstanding which the abolition of
it was farther off than ever, and the Portuguese Go-
vernment had refused to ratify the article. It in-
stanced the horrible situation of an immense number
of slaves fmind on board some French and Spanish
vessels which were captured on the coast of Africa.
On board a Spanish cruizer were 380 slaves, and a
lighted match was found hanging over the open ma-
gazine, but a British seaman gallantly extinguished
the light. The crew had swam to shore, and were
known to regret their plans had not succeeded. The
Marquis of Labisnowx, Lord CAI:THORPE, Mr. WIL-
E LRFORCE, and Mr. Buxrox, each spoke briefly in
commendation of the views of the Society, and of re-
probation of the system of slavery. The Resolutions
proposed in furtherance of the objects of the Institu-
tion were agreed to, and the Meeting separated.

His Majesty's ship JUPITER, with Lord AMHERST
and Suite, arrived at Santa Cruz (Tenerife) on the •
7th ult. froze Madeira, where she remained fourteen
days. Lady AIuIIERST, the Hon. Captain, and Miss
AMHERST, crossed the country to visit the valley of
Oratava. •On their return to Santa Cruz, Miss AM.
HERST was thrown from her horse, and her forehead
and nose severely cut. Their own Physician being
fortunately near, immediately dressed the wounds.
They afterwards embarked, and set sail on their
voyage. His Lordship is much improved in his ge.'
renal health, and nearly recovered from the kick he
received from a horse at Madeira.
Royal Gold Coast Gezettes and letters from that
settlement, have been received to the 27th ofJanuary,
at which time Sir CHARLES MICARTHY was at the

Gold Coast on a tour of inspection. These papers
contain a very interesting account of the travels of a
Tartar, who, at the age of nearly 70, had found his
way from Tripoli, through the heart of Africa, to
Cape Coist Castle, by a route that no white Aran pro-
bably ever traversed. He is a native of Astracan, by
name Wargece, and at the age of 13, was made pri-
soner by the Tui ks, who carried him to Constanti-
nople, where, in the course of time, he became a con-
siderable trader, and travelle.l as such to many dis-
tant parts, both I›y sea. and land, from Calcutta in
the East, to Gibraltar in the West. On his last tour,
which had lasted two years, he visited Tombuctoo,
which he described with great minuteness. The Slave
Trade, we egret to st4te, was still carried on with
both by French and Portuguese vessels,
great activity
no less than ten ref which had been captured in the
preceding six months on that coast. Since April,
1822, when Cape Coast was transferred to the Crown,
and' added to the Government of Sir C. M'Catertty, a
road has been cut thence to Annamabne, over woody
mountains and plains hitherto impassable.
NEW WAREHOUSING ACT.—Part 13 of Mr. POPE'S
Custom and Iwise Gaide, containing the new Ware-
housing Act, will be published in a few days. To
be had of 'all Booksellers, price Is. 6d.
Thursday night, at six o'clock, a body of upwards
-of two thousand journeymen silk Weavers assembled
at Evan's Chapel, near Baker's-row, -Mile-end, to
consult on the best means to be adopted, to prevent
a Bill, now in progress through the House of Com-
mons, which has been introduced by the master
weavers, for the purpose of removing the regulation,
now in force, by which the prices to be charged by
the )ourneymen are fixed, from passing into a law.
The Subscribers and Friends of the St. Patrick's
Charity Schools and Asylum for Female Orphans,
celebrated their Anniversary Festival on Thursday,
at the Freemason's Tavern. Three hundred persons
sat down to dinner. The Duke of Sussex in the
Chair, supported by Lord NUGENT, Sir G. JERNING•
HAM, &c. After dinner 200 girls, and 500 boys, pa-
raded round the room, when a Medal was placed
round the neck of W. M.Cormick, the most deserving
boy ; and the most deserving girl, Ann Brown, by his
Royal Highness, accompanied with an appropriate
Address. A handsome collection was made.
Thursday an Inquest was held at the Thatched
House, Islington, on the 'body of Anthony Tring, ten
years of age, who, about three weeks ago, was passing
through the Borough, when he met an apothecary's
boy, carrying a basket, containing bottles of medi-
cine, who asked him if he would have some Spanish
liquorice water. The deceased asked him if he was
sure it was Spanish liquorice water, which the mis-
creant assured him it was, and then poured some into
the deceased's hand), who drank it, when the wretch
laughed at him, and immediately ran off. The de-
ceased was instantly seized with excruciating agony,
and was conveyed to St. Thomas's Hospital, whence
he was removed to hid mother's residence, at Isling-
ton, where he died. It appeared, by the testimony
of a surgeon, that, from appearances, the liquor must
have been vitriol. A Juror asked if they were not
warranted in finding a verdict of Manslaughter?—
The Coroner observed, they certainly were. The boy
knew he was doing wrong, by laughing in the de-
ceased's face. The Jury, however, after some con-
sultation, returned the following verdict—Died in
consequence of taking some corrosive acid, adminis-
tered by a person unknown.
An Inquest was held yesterday morning before
CHARLES JEMMETT, Esq. Coroner for Surrey, at the
Peacock public-house, Newington Butts, on the bodies
of Eliza and Mary-Ann Woodroff, the two young
children who were unfortunately run over by the
Brighton stagecoach on Wednesday last, as stated in.
the STAR of Thursday. Verdict—Accidental Death.
The Jury levied a deodand of £5 upon the horses,
and £2 upon the coach, but considered the coachman
free from any blame whatever.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

B.
The great match betweenO SpringXlNG and Mate will take place
at Marlborough Dowffs, on Tuesday. AU the stages aad other
vehicles, which travcl the western road, are eigaged by intended
passengers. So great is the interest excited by the lovers of the
fancy to see the issue of the battle, that lodgings at Marlborough
and the vicinity are with difficulty obtained, and those at a most
exorbitant rate.
