Notwithstanding the long period which bas elapsed
since the official notification of the favourable issue of'
the expedition against Algiers, the public have not yet'
been acquainted, through that or any other channel,
with the terms of the convention which followed the"
submission of the•Dey. - It will be recollected thatahe
points in dispute were the insults offered to the English
Consul by a violation of certain privileges enjoyed by
him at Algiers, as the representative of the British
nation, and particularly an infraction of that article of
the treaty made with Lord Exmouth, renouncing the
practice of ebndemning Christian prisoners of war to
slavery. We are not in possession of the official docu-'
ment, but we understand that the following is the sub-
stance of the Dey's declaration on these two subjects,
signed by him and by Mr. Macdonald, in his capacity
of British Consul-General to the Regency of Algiers r
Is After the usual preamble, and referring to the
treaties existing between Great Britain and Algiers,
which provide for the entire safety and freedom of the
person and estate of his Majesty's Consul-General, the
Dey specifically declares, that he is readily disposed to
comply with the wishes of his Britannic Majesty, in
proof of his sincere desire to establish more lastingly
the peace and harmony so happily subsisting between
Great Britain and his Regency ; and he therefore
heartily promises,
" t st. That for the future, and for ever, the British Agent and
Consul-General residing in the city and kingdom of Algiers, shall be
treated at all times with the respect and civility dot to his character.
" ad. That his person and his house, or houses, shall be inviolable;
and 4f any person Inure or insult him, by words or deed, snob per-
son shall hr severely punished.
" 3d. That be shall have liberty to choose his own interpreters
and servants, eitlarr Alussulmen or others, who are not to pay any
tax or contribution whatever.

" 4th. That he shall have the liberty at all times of hoisting his
Majesty's Bag at the top of his house, either in town or country, and
in his boat when he passes on the water.
" sth. That be shall not pay duty for furniture, clothes, baggage,
or any other necessaries which he imports into the or territories
of Algiers, for the use of himself or of his family; and that if the
nature of his Britannic Majesty's service, or any other motive, re-
quire his absence from the kingdom, neither himself, his servants,
baggage, nor effects, shall be stopped or detained upon any pretence
whatever, but that he shall have free leave to go and return as often
as he may think it necessary; and finally, that all honours or pri-
vilege.* that are now, or may hereafter be granted to the Agent,
Consul, or Vice-Consul of any other Power, shall likewise be granted
to his Britannic Majesty's Agent, and Consul-Glneral, and to his
Vice-Consul.

On the other point the Dey distinctly declares, that
he is willing to abide in the strictest manner by a for-
mer declaration, concl tided by hisli ighness's predecessor,
Om tr Bashaw, with Lord Exmouth, in 1816, engaging,
that in the event of any future war with any European
Power, not any of jhe prisoners should be consigned to
slavery, but treated with all humanity as prisoners of
war, according to European practice, and by which de-
claration the practice of condemning Christian priioners
of war to slavery was formally renounced."
The clause in the above declaration, wherein it is sti-
pulated that the British Consul shall have the liberty
6. of hoisting his .Majesty's flag at the top of his house,
either in town or country, or in his boat when he passes
on the water," is, we understand, perfectly novel, no
'Consular flag everhaving been hoisted by the British, or
by any other nation. • It is, therefote,•at the
-request of
the bey, privately stipulated, that.the hoisting of the
British Consular flag over the house in the town of
Algiers is not to be enforced, the Dey declaring, in the
most explicit terms,
.under his hand and seal, that the
absence of the British fin over the town-Louse shall not'
deprive it of any of the privileges to which the hoisting
• of the flag would entitle it.
The prisoners of war detained at Malta in consequence
of the hostilities with the Dey of Algiers, were em-
batked on the 18th of August on board of his Majesty's.
ships Phaeton and Cyrene, which sailed the next day
for-the purpose of testoring them to their country and
their families. The Phaeton carried 151 to Algiers,
and the Cyrene 59 to Bona. They had been in con-
finement since April, when the greater part of them
were in a diseased state, from the hardships they under-
went on their pilgrimage, for they were detained on
their return from Mecca. They .had been subsequently
completely restored to health, and in departing ex-
pressed their gratitude for the treatment they had re-
ceived during their detention in Fort St. Salvadore.
