PARIS, MARCH 17.

• A Journal of Ilnuen, the Nacelle, announces—
• That a subscription at ten cenatnes,ltas been opened
in that city, with a view to offer to M. Mercier a fusil.
ornamented with silver. We know from a good
source, that this subscription, opened on the 14th in
the morning, reckoned already in the evening nearly
600 subscriptions. Many persons offered more than
ten centimes, but nothing beyond would be received,
The list of subscribers will be published, and the gifts
of those who wish to remain anonymous are refused:,
The Duke d'Angouleme arrives at Orleans on Sa-
turday evening. The National Guard, on foot and
horseback, as well as all the garrison, were under
arms to receive him. The Prince got down at the
Hotel de la Prefecture, where preparations had been
made to receive him. He departed on the following
morning after hearing Mass.

Hamburg') Papers to the 15th instant reached us.
this forenoon. Accounts from Petersbnrgh of the
Ist instant state, that trade continues to be very dull,
and that the Course of Exchange has been falling for
some time past. The gold bars proceeding from the
loan of Messrs. ROTHSCHILDS, had arrived by land.

I fasisuscir, MARCH 14.—Exchange on London, 37 14, 37 41.
Paris, 26.
St. Pirrsnssusoii, Frs. 28.—Exchange on London, 9 19-32.
Amsterdam, 94—Hamlsurgh, 8 13-18—Paris, tOt 4.
RIGA, MARCH 3.—Exchange on London, 9 25-32.
VIENNA, MARCH s.—Exchange on London, 2 Months, 10 23.
llsaux, MARCH 11.—Exchange on London, 7 51.
Litrzic, Maui 10.—Exchange on London, 3 Months, 6 22k.

By private accounts from Madrid, of the 9th inst.
we are informed that the Ministers have, against the
wishes of the Cortes, laid violent hands on the Cassa
de Publico Credito (being a kind of Sinking Fund),
and that there was not a marevedo left in the coffers
of the Treasury. This occurrence has caused
.a con-
siderable sensation at Madrid. Fears were also en-
tertained that should the KING leave 'Madrid for Se-
ville, he will be rescued by some of the partizans of
the French.

I Madrid Papers to the 10th instant have been re-
! ceived. Great preparations were making in the Ca-
I pital for the removal of the Government to Seville,
which was to take place between the 12th and the
115th. Dispatches from d'Arrisam. and his Officers,
to the Bth instant, had been received, which state,
that the bands of BESSIERES had been entirely dis-
persed. BALLASTEROB had arrived at Saragossa,
where, as well as on his route, he was received with'
the greatest enthusiasm. Private letters state, that
Count d'Antsam, was expected in Madrid with a
force of 2,500 men, with which he was to escort the
ING to Seville. Several private individuals had pre-
sented Petitions to the Cortes to be permitted to join
the Volunteer Militia, and accompany the Govern-
ment to Seville, among whom was Don RAFAEL CA•
BEZAS, f3rmerly a secularized Monk. It is stated in
private letters that Mequinenzt has been taken. The
Espectador'of the 9th only states, that on the 28th
nit. at seven in the morning, Colonel ASTURIAS'
MANCIIA, with another Officer, proceeded to Me-
, quinenza to treat with ADA N Tatuat.to for the sur-
render of that fortress. The garrison ten: out • three
of their Officers to our camp as hostaw,es. The fall
of the Seo d'Urgel, and other defeats of the Army of
the Faith, are said to have determined the garrison
to treat of a surrender.
The Officers of the Ist Regiment of Marine Infan-
try have addressed an energetic representation to the

Government, stating their ardent desire to be allowed
to assist in carrying into effect the Decree, for re-
m6ving his 141AJESTY'S person .and Government- to
a place of security.
The KING has resolved that the regiment. which ,
has hitherto been called the Imperial Alexander,
shall in future be named the Regiment of the Union.'
This regiment, to which the Emperor ALEXANDER
pare his name, was formed of Spaniards in Russia.
Previous to their leaving that country, they were made
to take thepath of allegiance to the Spanish Constitu-
tion—the Constitution now warred against—and the'
EMPRESS presented the regiment with a standard.
A letter from Lisbon, in the French Papers, gated
the Ist instant, states, " that an intrigue had been
undertaken there, which appeared to be sufficiently
strong to subvert the Ministry. The Secretary of
State for Foreign Affairs obtained an honourable pre-
ference in this plan of proscription, which was sup-
ported by some good patriots, who had fallen into the
snares of the Holy Alliance. A list for a new Minis-
tr y was bronght to the King, but he firmly rejected
it. The change of the Ministry was intended to be
the first act in the counter-revolutionary drama._
The Conde de Amarante has sinca raised the standard
of rebellion ; but the troops under Genei al Itego arc
full of zeal for the Constitution, and the affair will
soon be put down.",
Accounts from Oporto to the 2d instant, received
by another conveyance, also represent thee insurrection
of the Conde d'AMARANTE as very insignificant. No
disaffection appears to prevail in any part of the Pro-
vince of Traslos Montes, except at Villa Real, Chaves,
and Pezo da Regoa. A letter from Braganza, dated
the 25th ultimo, says—" The troops stationed there
would not accede to the suggestions of the emissaries
of the Conde d'Astaaasra. They have intercepted
his correspondence, which included a proclamation."
The Provinces of Minho and Beira are understood
to be pei fectly tranquil.
The Spanish Cortes were occupied in "some neces-
sary proceedings preparatory to the removal of the
Government ; such as ascertaining the number of
carriages requirod by each Deputy, the rewards or
advantages to be given to the individuals who volun-
teered to join the KING'S escort, &c. In the sitting
of the 7th, a communication was made, stating that
his MAJESTY was still confined with the gout, but
that the QUEEN was somewhat relieved. _ _

The Deputation charged to wait upon his MAJESTY
with the Answer of the Cortes to his Speech o❑ the
opening of the Session, appeared in the Cortes in the
Sitting of the sth instant, when Senor SALVA, who
headed it, said—ti The Deputation of the Cortes has
put into the hands of the King the Answer to his Ma-
jesty's Speech which was read on the opening of the
second period of the Legislature of the Cortes; and
his Majesty received the same with his accustomed
goodness. The Deputation made known to the King
the regret of the Cortes for his Majesty's indisposition,
and their anxious wishes for his convalescence."

The Answer of the Cones to the KING's Speech
was as follows:

" Scxos—The great and noble sentiments which your Ma-
jesty has manifested to the Cortes on the opening of the Ordi-
nary Session of the Fourth Legislature, could not fail to excite
in the breasts of the Representatives of this heroic Nation, not
only those feelings of love and respect which are due to the au-
gust person of your Majesty, hut that degree of contidence and
security which is necessary again to encounter dangers, to save
the cdtintry, and for ever to consolidate, in an indefeasible man-
ner, the Throne of which usurpation would rob you, hut which
the love of your subjects will preserve for yno. If the circum-
stances under which the sittings of this Legislature have com-
menced are extraordinary, and present, as your Majesty has de-
clared, a vast field to the patriotism of the Representatives of
the Spanish People, they will not fail to elevate themselves to
the magnitude of the occasion, and to respond worthily to your
Majesty's invitation, by following the glorious footsteps of a
Prince who, in union with the Representatives of his People,
thus knows how to sustain justice, independence, the Throne,
his authority, and the decorum and dignity of the Nation which
is entrusted to his care.

" This intimate and strict onion will happily resolve the great
problem which occupies despots and nations; and a Monarch
worthy of a land of freedom, combating the caprice and the ar-
rogance of ambition and pride, will have the singular glory of
having, with his subjects, defended the rights of human nature,
public liberty, and the independence of nations. The unheard
of pretension of dictating laws to independent nations, would
lead, were it not resisted, to the ruin and dissolution of all the
States of Europe, and an interminable and exterminating war
would reduce that civilized region to the condition of Asiatic bar-
barism. Your Majesty, fully convinced of the injustice and
monstrous nature of such pretensions, bas given a suitable reply
to the Notes of the Continental Powers of the 'Holy Alliance,
shewing them by your firm resolution, that the nation you go-
vern possesses too much constancy, valour, and experience, to sub-
mit either to caprice or to force ; that it also possesses vigour,
that it knows its rights, and will not permit them to be attacked
with impunity.
4" The Cortes, Senor, have nothing to add to the just reflec-
tions of your Majesty touching the conduct of the Most Christian
King. Convinced with your Majesty that it would be an offence
against reason to refute errors so anti-social, and that it would ill
become the Constitutional King of the Spins to apologise for
our just cause to malice and hypocrisy, we need say nothing
more ; but we assure your Majesty, that if the best reply to the
speech of the Most Christian Monarch he the energy, firmness,
and constancy of 'your Cortes, those Cortes, respecting the wis-
dom and profound judgment of your Majesty, will prove to the
whole world that not in vain has your Majesty placed your hopes
in them ; and that, without deviating from the path of the law,
and front what is due to your Majesty and to themselves, they
will know how, as they hitherto have known, to prove themselves
worry of the heroic nation which has confided to them its destinies.
The Cortes, Senor, never will forget the profound observations
which were made by your Majesty, and which they take a plea-
sure is repeating. Reason and justice will not thew less
courage than the genius of oppression and slavery. The nation
which capitulates with enemies whose bad frith is so notorious,
is already subdued. To receive the law which is endeavoured to
be imposed by force of arms, is the extreme of ignominy.'
0 These principles, Senor, form the rule by which the Corte,
will direct their conduct ; and, like your Majesty, convinced of
the firm and magnanimous character of a nation so punctilious
of its honour, so incapable of compromising with injustice or in-
famy, so jealous of its rights, and so proud of the glory and the
great actions which have always distinguished it, they do not
doubt, that as it sustained with so much constancy and so many
sacrifices, the Throne of your Mzjesty against the formidable
lzgions, the chosen Captains, and the military genius of the sin-
gular man who for a time humbled all the rest of Europe; so
will the nation in like manner defend, with the same courage and
patriotism, the dignity of your Majesty and of your Throne, the
independence, the rights, and the glory of the country.
" If the nation performed so many prodigies when deprived of
your Majesty's aid and co-operation, of what nray it. got bt ca-
pable when intimately united with us Monarch, supported by the
Constitution of 1812, and when your Majesty is disposed to con-
tribute every effort to realise the hopes in.the fulfilment of which
you place all your welfare and all your PromPerlrY?
" 'fhe liberty of your Majesty, your security, and that of
your Government, are above all things indispensable to this co-
operation. The Cortes have in anticipation adopted measures
fur removing to the point which your Majesty and your Go-
vernment may consider most fit, and they do notaloubt that your'
Majesty. convinced of the necessity of this measure, will carry
it IMO effect with the decision which the importance of such a
resolution requires.
" The Cortes have heard with the greatest satisfaction all that
your Majesty has communicated to t Lam on the zeal and activity
with which your Government has executed the measures of the

_

Cortes fur nrganiging and augmenting the army) and they trust,
with your Majesty, that the excellent saclike* stud victories
which the army estey day,phtains over the factious, are, with-
out doubt, the hgrbingers of more important tritatnp6 over the
foreign enemy. . -
" rbe good spirit of the Provinces, the deception from which
rodny de:uded persons have, by dear-bought experience, been
freed, and the conviction of all, that the Constitution is the true
anchor whereby the vessel of the State is to he saved from the
threatening tempest, leave no doubt with the Cortes of the cer- •
tainty of triumph ; and, like your Majesty, they are of opinion,.
that neither the timid nor the perverse will be capable of altering
the sentiments of this nation, which is not accustomed to coin-
pound with injustice. Finally, the Cortes eongratnlate your Ma-
jesty on the happy result which the different branches of the pub-
lic administtatiem present with regard to the future; and, closely
united with yoar.Majesty, they will unceasingly labour, as well
for the national defence as in the consolidation of the system
on which depend at once the tranquillity, the glory, and the
•
prosperity of the country."
