NOVINTIER 15.

The principal Mars advance rather slowly. Sere-
tal objects of deliberation bare lately become more
complicated, France, Bavaria, and another German
State, have, it is said, lately protested against a mea-
sure which was considered as settled.

Since a short time some coin:ions have arisen,
which indeed, among such various interests of nu-
merous states, could not be otherwise, but without in
the smallest . degree disturbing the harmony that
reigns at the. Congress.
gutnerous books ate in circulation here without
any obstruction, that relate to the affairs of Germany,
which- is the more remarkable as. our Government
was formerly very cautious and strict about books 'on
political stibiects ; there is one 'written with much
energy, that is generally read, while it is prohibited
in the neighbouring states. Numerous couriers pass
between Vienna and Paris.
All the French in the service of the ilittbdochess
Maria Louisa are now returning to Frame.
COPENHAGEN, NOVEMBER HO.

*wit lir tome frotn °den see; that the Lancigrave,
?since Christian of Hesse, brother of her Majesty the
Qom, flied there on the 14th instant, in the 88th yer
of bin age.

Ptinee Christian arrived here on the 13th, and holds
63 afternoon a levee,
'Mel:waves are shut for some days, and the Court
goes into mourning for eight weeks, from the 20th
instant.

LEIPSIC, NOVEMBER Is.
The Prussian authorities have now taken possession
Of the whole kingdom. It is reported that after the
Congress is ended. our University will be removed to
Draciau

'7 • NOVEMBER 12.
-77-
'll 11 44 *
His ROyalltlglasees the Crown Prince was already
arrived at Christiania, where he was received in the
, Most splautid manner.
LEtPSIC, NbIiTkIBER 16.
The Magistrates of this city have presented the
rreedom of the city to the Russian Colonel Prendel,
as a testimony of gratitude for his conduct while
Commandant. The Colonel returned thanks to the
agistrates of Leipsic in the lollowing note

At the end of the memorable period in which I
had the honour to be Commandant of Leipsic, I.
cbuld receive no greater and more honourable dis-
tinction than that Which the Magistrates of this city
have conferred on me, by giving me the rights of
citizenship. When his Majesty the Emperor Alex-
ander, my august master, was pleased to cbnfer on
me the post of Commandant of the city of Leipsic,
he commanded me to treat with the greate.t delicacy
and mildness this ancient and celebrated place, whoa
sestiments. were air well known to him as
the dlttsisseis which it had suffered.
" thnuie therefore done no more than fulfil the
commands of my humane and generous master I and
to him, not to me, Leipsic is indebted fur all the al-
leviations which it has been possible for me to afford'
in these difficult and oppressive times: and if my
heart called on me to make what was unavoidable as
easy as possible, it arose from the heartfelt esteem
and attachment with which the citizens of Leipsic
had inspired me.
" I shall always consider it as the highest honour,
and as the fairest testimony of my having discharged
my duty, that my name has been deemed worthy d
being enrolled among the worthy citizens of Leipsic.
May I live in their remembrance! as this good city,
which has honoured me with the name of its citizen,
will be ever present to my mind.
44 Leipme, November IS, 1614.
(Signed) U PRENDEL
" Colonel io the Service d the Emperor of Russia."
• A Bible o
.
M ety is now established in Lubec.

TREATY OP diktriiiiilt

As this treaty, which is made so conspicuous in the
late conferences at Ghent, may not be in the hands of
all our Readers, we transcribe whit relates to the

boundary line :

•6 The general bcundary line between the lands of
the United. States and the lands of the. said Indian

tribes, shall begin at the mouth of Cayahoga River,

and run thence up the same to the portage between

that and the Tuscarawas branch of the Muskingum ;
thence down that branch to the crossing place above
Fort Lawrence; thence westerly to a fork of that

branch of the great Miami River running into the

Ohio, at nr near which fork stood Loromies' store,

anti 1411,.re commences the portage between the
Ohio, and St. Mary's River, which is a

br.t:.cli (.1 die Miami, which runs into Lake Erie ;

thence a westerly course to Fort Recovery, which

stands on a branch of the Wabash ; then sonth-wes-

terly in a direct line to the Ohio, so as to intersect
that river, opposite the mouth of Kentucke or Cut-

tawa River."

Several tracks of land within these limits hay esince
ceded to the United States by the Indians, principally
the sites of the different forts. Detroit, and its district,
and Machillimackinac, are among the posts thus ceded.
The Indians stipulated to allow the United States a

free passage by Land or water through their country,
and along the chain of forts. The United States by
article 4th relinquished all claim to Indian Lands be-
yond the boundary line, thus designated, with cer-
tain exceptions, which relinquishment is explained by
article 5, to mean as follows :

g. The Indian tribes, who have a right to those
[ands, are quietly to enjoy them, hunting, planting,

and dwelling thereon, so long as they please, without

any molestation from the United States ; but when
those tribes or any of them shall be disposed to sell
their lands, or any part of them, they are to be sold

only to the United States ; and until such sale the
United States will protect all the said Indian tribes
in the quiet enjoyment of their lands against all citi.

tizens of the United States, and against all other
white persons who intrude upon the same. And the
said Indian tribes again acknowledge themselves to
be undLr the protection of the said United States, and
no other Power whatever."

Art. 6 gives the Indians a right to expel or punish,
as they may think fit, all such citizens of the United
States, as may settle on their lands without their
consent.

Reasoning on this Treaty, the Americans argue.
that by it the territory in question belongs to them,
in as much as the Indians can only sell to them, and
acknowledge themselves to be under the protection of ,
the United States : and to this they tack another cu-
rious argument, fit only for the mouths of thieves
and robbers. " Has it ever been heard of (say they)
that Indians are considered as independant nations i
France, when in possession of Canada, never treated
them as such ; and certain it is that Great Britain
never treated them as such." On the same subject
one of their writers farther remarks—" I confess my-
self utterly astonished that the British Commissioners
should propose a measure to ours, which, if accepted,
it would be morally impossible to observe ; for the
inevitable encroachment of civilized people on savage
nations, and the retreat of the latter, can no more be
prevented, than cause and effect can be separated :
and moreover, such a stipulation would only be the
cause of another war 'in less than five years. It is,
therefore, inadmissible on every ground."
In offering a few remarks on these dogmas, for
they arc not arguments, Ati shall invert the order
adopted by the writer s 44 Such a stipulation is" it
seems 44 inadmissible on every ground"—we except,
against this stseeping negative, one ground, which
appears to be avowed in the very proposition. h
would, we are told, bring on a war in less than five
years ! mark the undisguised declaration. It amounts
to this, that the Ames jeans are so much in the habit
of making encroachments on the Indian territories,
that, were the boundary defined and a protecting
power at hand, they could not refrain, even for five
years,* from furnishing causes for a quarrel on this
very ground. In no other view of the statement has
it any meaning ; for it is evident, were the boundar y
declared inviolable by Treaty, nothing but encroach-
ments on the boundary could endanger a rupture of
the Treaty I
But," who ever heard of Indians being considered
civilized n ations ?" " The encroachments of civilized
people on savage nations, are like cause and effect."
flow diabolical ! Is not this a direct perversion of the
use of lauguage, to tell us that civilisation teaches men
and states to commit acts of oppression and robbery.
This principle, if fully acted upon, would bring back
the ages of the foulest crime, when force was the
only law. For " savage people" read " the weak and
unfiretectfil,!' for why do they retire and give up their
lands ? Is it out of compliment to the civifisrad invader ?
The cause that operates is force, not civilization, or we
must allow the highwayman, who extorts our purse,
to owe his prize ti: his superior attainments in the be-
nefits of civilised life.
France, however, and England were guilty of
similar enormities, and, therefore, neither have any
right to interfere. We admit the fact, but we deny
the inference. The doctrine which the proposition
defends would bar, for ever, the hope of justice being
allowed to preside over the aiNiss of nations. It begs

what the progress of csenization absolutely Genres :
and would undo all that has been effected for the
general amelioration of the.cendition of mankind by
the progress of reason and truth. Are nations who
have committed crimes never to mend their manners ?
Let the axiom be but once admitrefl and acted upon,
and in the end it would tear civilized society up by
the roots. But happily for mankind the thing is im-
possible. As nations improve in knot:JP:lp they also
improve in public twat:. 44 This Can no more be
prevented than cause and effect can be separated."
In proof we might refer to the history of Europe,
for the last two centuries—not even excepting the pe-
riod of the Trench Revolution ; for what mast have
been its conseqnences but for the general stock of
knowledge, and consequent public morality, of the
family of Europe ? But as we cannot enter into this
subject at present, we shall content ourselves with the
mention of one striking fact to establish our general
position—that acquisitions of knowledge become pro-
ductive of benefits to the weak and the helpless.—
Any person but a rank American would under-
stand our allusion, without its being stated.--
-Look to the sable sons of Africa—these " savage
nations" emancipated from systematic slavery by a
.44 civilized people !"—by the very nation which was
formerly the moat guilty in this traffic in human
misery and blood, and which, therefore, according to
the logic of the Americans, should have been the last
to render them justice or to endeavour to atone to out-
raged humanity for the crimes perpetrated against her,
But we are perfectly aware that cre talk incompre-
hensibly to a thorough-bred citizen of " the only free
nation upon earth,"—for such they call their own
community, 44 the only men who understand the prin-
ciples of true freedom ! !" and yet they keep negro es
in slavery under their own roofs ! But enough of this.
Let us now look at their other question,—How a
boundary, once settled by treaty, can afterward: be interrned-
died wills, under any pretence or in any ship&
Now this question is plain and perfectly intelli-
gible; and it is certainly just and equitable, after
possessions and boundaries have been settled by
treaty, that they should not be wantonly disturbed.
—We ask, then, who first dared to disturb the 16.
pulations of the Treaty ? Was not Canada acknow-
ledged by the Treaty to belong to Great Britain ?
—And yet these honest Americans, taking. advan-
tage of our embroiled circumstances—perhaps consi-
dering us as a savage nation ! attempted not only to
violate the boundary but to wrest from us -he entire
possession !—We admit, with the Americans, that
the Treaty should not have been violated t
But, bow come these fellows to argue as if the
Treaty were binding only on England ? Who
violated the boundary ? The Americans.—Who
made it necessary that the question of boun-
dary should ever again come into discussion ? The
Americans. Who chewed that the piece of parch-
ment with seals dangling at its corner was nut a suf.
ficient defence for the boundary line? The Ameri-
cans. We give them credit for their sagacity, ut let
them not conclude that, excepting the Chinese, the)
are the only people who possess two eyes.

Sir HENRY VoiTELLESLEY, our. Ambassador at Ma-
drid, has solicited and obtained permission to retire
from a situation, which recent events in Spain have
long since rendered irksome and disagreeable to an
honourable mind, such as he is universally known to
possess. He has had the mortification to find all his
endeavours fruitless to inspire our ally FERDINAND,
with those distinctions of right and wrong for which,
we apprehend, the revival of the Inquisition and the
extinction of the liberty of the Press will be found but
sorry substitutes, even to an absolute Monarch ; for
of this bad eminence FERDINAND is evidently am-
' bitious. The best answer we can give to any charges
against our worthy and enlightened Minister, if we
know of the existence of any expression of disappro-
bation, would be to refer to the recent intelligence
from Spain, scanty as it has been.

We have received Batavia Papers, including the
Java Government Gazettes, t 9 the 17th of July. They
contain the official details of the Expedition under
General NIGHTINGALL against Macassar. It appears ,
from them, that the object of the Expedition has been
fully attained, the Rajah of Boni having been dis-
possessed of the throne, of which his cruelty and
treachery rendered him unworthy. We are happy to
learn that this brilliant exploit, which astonished the
natives of Celebes, has been performed almost with-
out any loss on our part. The captured property is, •
we •understand, inconsiderable, and has been gene-
rously devoted by our brave troops to the rebuilding
a part of the town that was burned. General NIGH-
11NuA Lec dispatch is dated from Head•quarters, Fort
Rotterdam, Bth June, 1814: it states, that having ar-
rived at Boni on the 6th, he demanded reparation
from the Rajah, together with the Sondong (or Re-
galia) of Goa, for the insults committed again-t the
British Government; which being refused, !Ire at'ack
commenced the next day, and in one hour the whole
town and residence of the Rijah were in the posses-
sion of the British forces. The Palace of the Rajah
was burned, aF a punishment for his cruelty. The
British General had not to regret the loss of a single
officer belonging to the troops. Mr. WHITE, second
officer of the Fleetwood, was the only officer wounded.
He received a severe wound in the shoulder. The
force engaged in this affair consisted of the 59th and
78th Regiments, the Bengal Volunteers, and Amboy-
nese corps. The principal Officers who commanded
under General NIGHTINGALE were Lieutenant-Colo-
nels MACLEOD and MACGREGOR, Captain CAMERON,
Lieutenant WATSON, &c. The enemy's force is esti-
mated at three thousand men. Celebes is an island
in the Eastern Indian Ocean, about 500 miles long
and 200 broad. It is situated under the equator,
between the Island of Borneo and the Spice Islands.
; This island is also called Macassar, (ram a town a
that name in the southern part of the island.

•
. -....... :- ..,., ..: ,

Yesterday afternoon the Duke bf Yoeic held Mi:•
litary Levee at his Office in the How Gua-dt,wh7th •
was attended by the Doke of Araot„ the Earl of
KINGSTON, Major General Sus rii. on his re nrn from
Gibraltar. Colonel KELsO, on is retu.n from the

E. Ist Indies. AL', Mai •r G.nerlls
GRAN Ts STRETCHER. and FuLt.kß ; I. ' Jtenaill

limit GA ,INtELL, eitc. &c.
Colonel Robert WRICHIT has been appointed Cos&
mander of the R iyal Artillery in Holland.
The Scotch Greys, which het ly arrived at Exeter
barracks, marched last week in Otee divisions, for
Bristol, where they expect to receive orders to embark
fir Ireland. .

Saturday se'nnight, a squadron of the 18th Light
Dragoons arrived in Limerick fr.an Cork, wherrt they
recently landed from Englin.% a Id a.e to d i duty
there in place of two troops of the Ist Dra-
goon Guards, which have proceed..,l from that city
for Cork, where they will embark In Bristol.
Extract of a letter frrrn an Officer of the 81st Re-
giment to his father in Glasgow, dated M.,ntreal,
August 26, 1814. I scisli it wet e not so moth
my painful task to inform you of melancholy occur-
rences, and the one I have just now to relate, is sin-
cerely to be lamented. On the Ilth inst. the detach-
ment that preceded us, under the command of Cap-
tain STKVENSON, had got on in high health and
spirits, as far as Black River, which is very broach
and close to a town called Three Rivers. To cross
which there were no boats to transport the troops but
a very crazy flat or scow, as they here term it, which
only could contain about fifty men. On this flat or
scow, the first party got over safe. The second, con-
sisting of fifty men, and Lieutenant HENolittias, gat
about half way across, when .the watermen,
.froth
some unaccountable cause, took fright, and plunged
into the river. This desperate action threw the men
completely into confusion, and they rushed with meis
precipitation to one side of the flat, that every person
on board was instantly plunged into the merciless ele6
ment. Some, however, although loaded with their
knapsacks and ammunition, got to the shore by
swimming, others clung to the sides of the flat, and
in this way were saved. But no less than thirty-lour
of our poor fellows, and as worthy a young officer
ever breathed, were drowned. The inhabitants of the
town of Three Rivers began to drag lot the bodies,
as soon as boats and other necessary apparatus could
be procured ; but before these could be got it was •
afternoon, though the melancholy accident happened
at ten in the morning. They, however, succeeded in
finding the body of Lieutenant HeNDELSON. and 19
of the unfortunate men, whom we interred with the
accustomed ceremonies next day. Ail the other
bodies, together with the ferryman and his two sons,
have since been found, except one. So energetic have
the Gentlemen of that town been, that they have re-
solved to erect a monument to the memory of the
unfortunate sufferers. The Regiment has sustained
a severe loss by this unfortunate accident—but the
loss of Lieutenant JAMES HaNDEKSON is irretrievable.
He was the third son of the late Mr. lixsounson, far-
mer, in Guaree-hill, a very worthy and respectable
character."
