which one bookseller had been convicted; and ..
bilal
nilumni-s which he had heaped on a most amiable,
1 venerable gentleman. The/eel:rend ficiitkinilli
rce iurainat Mr. Wilberforce, and foe that he was fos-
pr?tected by the counsel of the Wand, who had thrust him
champion. No man could deny the impolley of
rho held their fellow-men in bondage legislators.-
passed since the attention of parliament was called)
existing in the West India Islands, in consequence
Missionary Smith, who had been persecuted
aching the gospel; and then it had been said •
government, that means should be adopted to pre.
vent a recurrence of a similar description. He, however, held in his
hand a statement made by the Rev. Mr. &pen, a Methodist mis-
sionary, a pious and bkmeless man, which showed beyond t
doubt that the rancour entertained against those who attempted t..
difEuNe religious instruction among the slaves had not abated)
a-single jot. (Hear, hear.) About midnight on Christmas night
wee chosen foe sneaking vengeance on the Methodist mission.
arks. Ihe attack was made by a party of the militia, who fired
through the chapel, and it was by miracle that Mr. Radcliffe and
his family were preserved from destruction. A Mr. Grimsdeal bad
been committed to prison for preaching in an unlicensed house, and
although that person had applied to the custos and other magis-
trates for a license, his application had been refused. The math
tution of this unfortunate man was unequal to endure the horron F
en incarceration under a tropical climate, and the result was that I
died. Another missionary, named Whitehouse, who had gone t
preach in St. Ann's Hay, had been treated in the same manner
but after a confinement of some duration in the gaol, which was in .
most disgusting plight, was set at liberty by order of Sir William
Scarlett, the chief justice. It was clear, therefore, that this man
had been unjustly imprisoned. Truth compelled him (Mr.
Brougham) to mention another instance of horrid atrocity, which
was well calculated to harrow up the feelings ; and he regretted
that the perpetrators were an English lady and gentleman,
named. Moss, who, instead of being punished as they deserved
for their conduct, became cherished objects in the estimation
tbeir countrymen. (Hear, hear.) These persons had a domestic
• female slave, whom they accused, not of theft, but of disobedience,
in having refused to perform her work, end for this offence the un.
[ fortunate creature was confined in the stocks from the 22d of July
' until the Bth of August following. The stocks in which she was
manacled were so constructed that the unhappy criminal could
neither sit up nor lie down, day nor night, and in addition to this
punishment she was repeatedly flogged, and had red pepper rubbed
on her eyes, to prevent her from experiencing a temporary alkyls-
lion of her sufferings In sleep. Tubs were also given her while in
, this situation which site could not perform, and for which she was
again flogged. The poor gill finally died, but instead of attribut-
, tog her depth to the proper cause, it was, forsooth, said that she died
of a distemper which was then prevalent. This no doubt, was a
convenient way of getting rid of a charge of murder, for that this girl
had been murdered no rational man could doubt. A British officer,
and to prevent mistake he should name General 0 ant, had ap-
plied for mercy for Moss and his wife, and by every pea-
, sible means endeavoured to palliate their conduct. He (Mr.
Brougham) therefore wished to ask whether his majesty's mi-
sisters meant to persist in making slave owners legislators ? The
traffic in slaves was a disgrace to human nature, and in one eo-
lony alone 100,000 had been imported within the last fourteen
months. The right of search had suppressed this abominable
trade In Portugal and Brasil ; but in France, under the government
of his most Christian Majesty, there existed no restrictions. 'twits
vain to suppose that man could be the property of man ; but still
there could be no denying that there were treaties recognising
this unnatural principle, which was reprobated in the old and new
law. The blood-stained treaty of Blenheim gave Europeans a
tight over the natives of Africa ; but he hoped the time was come
when this iniquitious trade would be put an end to. In concluakN
the honourable and learned gentleman moved that the house should
take into consideration the amelioration of the Slaves in the Wr

Indies, and adopt means for that purpose.
Mr. PROTHEROE expressed himself in favour of the motion
of the emancipator of the slaves.
Mr. IL DOUGLAS said that the object of the hon. and learned
gentleman was rather to excite a sensation in the country than
to create a fair discussion. The hon. member then went on to
show that the resolutions adopted by that house on the subject in
the year 1822, for the gradual emancipation of slaves, had been pro-
gressively carried into effect ; and that the greatest evil which
existed in the colonies, was the want of judges and judicial officers
to administer the laws. _ _

virMesrt.lnTaliL,elgiikslMatuSMlres, ITnH said tiltiatthethe progressm made
ofh te
house into effect, was by no means adequate to what it ought to
have been I and that if they went on as they had proceeded du
the last six years, the hope that slave emancipation could ever
place would be vain.
Mr. W. HORTON said, the house would recollect that Met
Buxton had moved a resolution, stating that slavery was re
to the British constitution, and that it ought to be abol
This resolution could have had no allusion to the planters or °wawa
of slaves, but referred to a higher duty, which was imposed el
Christians to put an end to such a system. He denied that lag
man could possess even an equitable interest is another, but still It*
thought that the course of compulsory manumission which had bent
adopted was that which was most advisable, and which would its.
fallibly lead to the result which was desired. Out right of
tion fur the West India colonies was not denied, but our I t of
imposing taxes was. He (Mr. H ) protested against direct
tion by this country for the West Indies, but be should have no ob.
jection to have a treble taxation imposed on the produce of this
colonies, if they declined to comply with the resolutions of that
house. He considered the legislation introduced into the ceded too
lonies highly politic, and if the other colonies did not adopt mea-
sures consonant with the resolutions of the House, he would not my
that the House should not visit them with marks of its displeases*.
Sir G. MURRAY could not support the resolution moved by the
hon. and learned gent. (Mr. Brougham). It would be impends
to pledge parliament to a subject of so mixed a nature as the rem-
lution comprehended. Independently of this view of the nada.
tion, he could not agree in that part which referred to the speedy
emancipation of slaves. The proprietors of these slaves had as
strong a claim on the protection of the House as the slaves W.
There was much danger in making use of such expressions as lie
resolution contained, as they might tend to mislead those for whose
benefit the resolution was intended. Government had intended to in.
troduce sonic measure ia this session respecting the administration
the laws in the colonies ; but the pressure of Weimer prevented them.
He was of opinion that the evidence of slaves *hosed be admitted
trials, leaving to the jury to give what weight to it they tbseght pm.
per. Ministers had it In contemplation to bring famed sae a
measure, though he was not sure that it would not be opposed' irs
Colonies. He thought that the missionaries sent out to the OWN
contributed much to the diseardnation of the Gospel. The teal
whereby the missionaries were actuated had more inSuence in con-
vesting the rude minds of the slaves, than the mods pursued by the
regular clergy. In conclusion, the right hon. gent. expressed his
hopes that the hon. and learned gent. would not press his motion,
confident, as he felt, that the resolutions of 1833 were sufficient, if
acted on, to carry the object of the hon. and learned gent. into exe-
cution.
Mr. 0. CAVE was anxious that the right hon. gent. ( Mr. W.
Horton) should in the
_next session bring forward the motion
he ' ven

After the traveller had finished his oriental tour, and returned
to Germany, be was disarms of transmitting to the Sultan
tokens of efiktionate vellelliglallee for the polite and •
• • be had received. But it is a O
rr with when
they receive a present, always to seinen enequal in
far superior. This principle the 0111111.11 wieked jete—he did
not whit to send a present, of ate value dower two bundrektiol.
lan, to one to whom he was under so sem elkitipasusoned sedeive
one in return of much greater worth. lie kid node 01111111resots
to send his present by an Englishman, who egunanded a bdimathecn
in one of the ports of the Baltic, and whig was bound to the k
Sea: The German enjoined it upon the bearer of his pre,' ent'not to
receive a present in return from the Sultan.
When the English Captain arrived at Constantinople, after an
interview with the Reis Effendi,* he was introduced to the Sultan,
to whom, by an interpreter_, he communicated his me
mir
from the German traveller. But so fixed is the sentiment in the
mind of a Turk, that presents must be reciprocated, that the Sultan
appeared hardly to understand it as a thing positible, to receive the
gift of his distant friend without making a splendid return. But
after further explanation, adverting to the many favours the German
had formerly received at the hands of the Sultan, he consented to
accept the present, not, however without insisting that the Captain
who had brought it should receive one on his own account, if he
could not receive one to carry back to the German. The Sultan
was then informed that the Captain had been rewarded for bringing
the present by him who sent it—still he could not be satisfied with-
out making some return to the Captain.
As the Sultan seemed to be determined that the Captain should
have some remuneration, the latter requested u a very important
favour, to see the favourite wife, or one of the favourite Wiles of the
Sultan. With much apparent willingness the request was granted;
and a female was soon Introduced into their presence, her face en-
tirely concealed by a veil, and she approached the Sultan and
kneeled. He extended his hand and took hers, and with his
other hand raised her veil. As her eyes fell on the English.
man bee countenance changed and her wool_ frame trembled. This
to the Captain was unaccountable; being ignorant that the Sultan's
wife, in the estimation of her superstitious lord, would be defiled
by looking on it Christian, and would forfeit her life by this act
gedienee to his mandate. Well may the wife of a Sultan shudder,
when unveiled in the presence of a Christian, knowing that she will
be immediately led to the scaffold, to expiate the Gaines. Mess
after the interview, which cost an innocent woman bete life,
Englishman had some business to transact with the ads Zama
and when he remarked that he had just received a falai net fro-
quendy panted to foreigners, that of seeing the Sultan's
wife, judge of his utter astonishment and horror, when the
Effendi replied, " I knew before that you had sew Met, nod •
polluting herself by looking on you, her head was eat off
minutes ago !"Shocked with the horrid stroeitity, be
but le vain, that his curiosity bad led hint to aska levant 4
produced a result so despetie, inhuman, and tragic:At

• Secretary of State foe Foreign Albin.
t For the principal &ea contained In the foregoing sketch
me indebted to a gentleman recently from Smyrna, where the st
was well authenticated.

imenedistely_
for jetsam. The ass, be observed, was ono dmoMderaMs
sapertmos to the public, and be biped the centimissi sad immense
of displease would operate ma warning to others. There was no
mhos mom wicked this that of snidng as oblobs.pmpetty of others
by fraud and perjury, and it yea hinsamble to sea a woman verging
on the elms of life convicted of so Whims an Amon The best re.
parades which the prisoner could make to misty would be to give
•up the mama of her vary see= and
as=y the remainder
bes them in sspentanos.- The then pasessded to
pass the imigmentet the Court npm. the prisoner, which was, that
she should le confined for two years in the Hoses of Coneetias,
'there to be kept to hard labour.

bum with the shovel oo dit

the wand. On
struck bit° on the =WS
dock and killed him—(imno dro
teen.) In the general eselbeine
eat afterwards en the Whigs
was given. A award woo qr.
when Away Assam nosed
suspicion, but skew & lb.
some leati.iellionfor Islisg.
with the description of *a
Jim's information to the pollee,
Immediately to Mr.
rtatirence, in St. Barthel.
that his father was at the pis.
yet been able to see him. Her
men.

labour under illness, declared his
woman Daly in his life, or
, Dublin. He had been aeren
. was taken.
you in June 1102 ?—ln the

_ searched the Hue and Cry
an account of the murder.
1 , the officer
i to request
a. and also the father, fhe could
returned, and informed the Ma.
Aid he recollected his father having
alluded to, in his employ. He
meet with Mr. Mullins, sea.
evidence forthcoming of a sus.

______ that, under all the (Aram.
proem, and ordered him to be

examined upon the following
196.) Mated that, about ten
the aims of " Murder I" in
Bishop Bonner's.ilidds, Bethnal-
, saw seven or eight moo our-
, upon the ground, od app.
he prisoner Wh he appeared,
ran away. .
He en
pursued, sad
returned to .the spot, the female
' b sines to discover who she was,
to stifle her cries, by putting

anything known to the eontrazy,
tkows into gie canal

if beil wwW be accepted ot,
which the legilodthat, in the punkt step of the
poceedinp, he would not angler ball, amid lot the Moak of the
ought to exert thasweetaes Ss tie Mammy tho koala.
Chae7sooet was thew remolded swell Way.

The American Sunday School Union published, in
the year 1828, 878,020 volumes for distributien.--.dthenoues.
The population of Switzerland amount to nearly two
millions. The federal contingent consists of 33,758 men ; the re.
serve doubles that fume ; the armed landwehr consists of 140,000 ;
total 207,516 men, not comprehending the federal staff In cue of
necessity, the country can recall the 18,136 men at present in the
service of several foreign powers.
It is high treason, in the eyes of the Premier, to talk
about distress. Peel ones soiled in the beam when the disatesses
of the country were analog to by an hinonsehle omothea If be had
been at Barnet last week, la the midst of the 2,6110 heiddrilltsi
haymakers, we have aeimalelte anis use of a stapling) he weal
have laughed on the army Ms of his asuth.
Le ifoletsr, a Frew* Mgr, mays, " a gentleman has
Wily been at great palm earmse to genets the ropes with
which the most celebsalsi theamems in the three kingdom were
.*assail, and he has plasma dens on nails in his cabinet, with • de.
scalp*. el their trials an* Wiry. It is thought that the peon
pew et this elegant MUM= will some day hang himself, sad that
his own rope will have the biome to complete his collection. [This
is an old story.]
Nollekens took his model of the hair for the bust of
Dr. Johnson from the Rowing locks of an Irish beggar, who sat to.
him for an hour for that purpose. When the task was finished, the
sculptor offered the beggar a shilling; but the Hibernian put it back
with a" Bon bless your honour, 1 could have made
.more by
begging in the same time."
arramEs.—Many of our present depositories for
the dead are only remarkable for the misshapen and Wand stones
with which they are studded, or for the intolerable effluvium which
they continually evaporate. The late Dr. Armstrong stated in his
lectures, that he knew of houses in the vicinity of two or three
churchyards in London, the inhabitants of which were scarcely ever
free from the most malignant forms of typhus fever. As a sanatory
measure, therefore, public cemeteries for the metropolis and all
large towns may be regarded as of immense national advantage.—
The Laurel.

The late unfortunate lessee of Drnry-lane Theatre ap-
peared in the London GamtM under the cognomen of a bookseller.
" What right," asked Cooper, "has be to appear In that charac-
ter P" " Because," replied Toot Cooke, "we have taken oar kaves
of him, and be bad a good deal In is with the Row."
Tux DUKE.—At a "retire of the citizens of Cork,
held a few days ago, Capt. Poneenby, R.N. &elated it was only
useless to remonstrate with oath a man as the Duke at W
That personage had been heard to say, if the Min Ohio had
what was passing in his mind, be would sham them sr!
No one but the Patron of the Borough al• yet tell who
is to sit in the next hansoms& foe Makmagny. Formerly, when
any of the 13 capital burgeon manifested the least appearance of
Insubordination to the dictates el the Planck's. was (what is quaintly
termed by themselves) " mood out ;" which means that he was ex.
eluded from the receipt of the 301. a-year annuity, and was no longer
allowed to partake of their entertainments.
Some of those " clowns" (says a French Journal,)
who Aid so such amsestmeat to our neighbours on the other side
of the suer, A =betide dent slyness's, in the PUN of a few
days, as the Theatre des Nonmostes. Mum Southby, Barnes,
and Gonad (who is he ?) and is Aye, of Drury lane. They
will mediae a comic panssoalem, called ,4 The White Cat," in
w *sty tricks, or mmarnurdimh will be introduced. The ex-
pose of getting up this pine Is iited at not less than 30,0006.
but it Is ex_pi to prom shwa* attractive.
Naw FOOD FOR SILL WORM:I.—At a late meeting
of the Royal Society at Lille, a latter was read from Clara Girodin
with which that lady transmitted samples a silk, produced in the
yam 1818 and 1829, from worms which bad been fed wholly upon
the leaves of the Soorsonera. Ski states that she could never dis-
cover any perceptible diebrence Wools the produce of worms dins
treated, and those which were fed on the leaves of the white mul-
berry. The same changes and the same Meson affected either of
them le an equal degree. AL Ben oho states, that the silk from
the warm nourished with the Seorsoners leaf, was sold at Lyons
fir timesty.saes banes per pound (er 195.); within a fraction as
ItiAlwayao salkprodoesil in the south of France. This discovery
.

tnined;and for whi
the atrocious ealun
Wanders, and van
vented his malice i
gated and protected
.. forwird as their ch
making those wit(
Six years had pass
to the abuses exist
of the case of M
death for preachin
hie Majesty's govt
____.

OLD BAILEY SESSION'S, July 13. when, seeing her husband, he struck
b ty, ouparedld Tea:rlw capablein otft lett
s of
onthezotionv .ry
intol newt parliament *
s..--.01P0-.--- a of his head, which felledika.lo- di
Hoe as Whit& nOrbeer rid tiro the'v - • pia. NMI. de Prddir aritnfien de Prado, ma bailed Air robbing gee as Ms lege egehi, be spin stre
. .is head, mid knocked him into the doe
fos. sent parliament. He could not think of pledging parliament to any a ready-fornislied lodging.
him particular line of conduct, withott knowing the ground upon which firs. Macqua, an old widow lady, stated that the pelmets took poor. woman was convulsed with team
ro - it gave that pledge. Ifs thoughtete that the rival tor, property, with lodgings in her home a short time ago, and after a madame
_of a the murderer ea Anlnquest sat i
I. Keret to slaves, was as sacred and as in 011ie as that Of any few weeks, stole the feather' from the bed, and pledged the pillows she could not what verdict was
Red other property.—(hear, hear.) Looking to the late of the •stmes and bedclothes. Witness entertained a high opinion of the prisoner.
fired for the discovery of the man. whet
!me themselves, he doubted very much the policy of ematielpadng The interpreter -Oh 1 every body has a high opinion of Spa. Farrell was taken in Wicklow on swelti
ito diem. He could not but shudder at the adduct of a person tamed lards. They are an honourable people.—(A laugh.) No one can charged. Hearing the prisoner worked in 1
by Mors towards the black ; but he qaestioned much the propriety speak ill *Ethan. ton, mad .wboee amemenebodorritriletile
Pre. of legislating with respect to individual acts of cruelty. He The prisoners admitted the robbery ; but said they had been driven man who
killed
emfa
his thought that they ought to encourage as much as pmible
.good to it by distress. . and had him taken into i . Ee
pis. feeling between the proprietor of slaves and those immediately The Common Serjeant asked if they had any witnesses ?...Inter- Mullins 's son,. who is a pupil
_snMer pt
all under him.. It would be the Obey of the owner of slaves to raise preterOh l yes,. they have a whole troop.—(A laugh). lomew's Hospital, who blinmail her am
Ito their moral condition in every way. He was anxious that The male prisoner ,was a soldier in the army of the Corte, and sent time in town, Ind she hod mot as yet
tied the hon. and learned gentleman ahead not the motion to a di- his Colonel, Lieutenant, and several of his companions in arms, immunise is that the phew le the ma
ght vision, as it would have the Abet li a the state tithe House ye him an excellent character for honesty. Tbs pima, wbe appeased to labour
on. upon so important a qiesdea. (The Ikea was unusually thin) The Jury found the male prisoner guilty ; but acquitted the fe. insatemob adios then ite never saw the 1
fired Mr. BROUGHAM replied, and swagged his regret that be Male prisoner. wee ems employed by am Mullins in l
and could not accede to the request date ripe ben. etteretary. Sarah Parker, aged 43, was indicted for stealing, on the 9th of years at the laid-wain bees, when ham
bad The House then divided, when there append June, 21. b. the monies of Mr. Nicholls. Mr. BROUGHTOM.Mbiss was pa
end For the resolution... ... .. ... .. 27 The money, it appeared, was stolen from the wife of the prose. county of Kildare, nese Debbi.
Sir. Against it ... . .- ~ . 56 tutor, who lives apart from her husband, and who lodged in the Garton, the chid adios; midi he bad w
al. Majority against the resolution . —.29 same Mom with the prisoner, who, with another female, was ob. at that time, but couldbm led etq seem
iof The other orders of the clay were then disposed of ;.and the House, ed to be in a stated intoxication on the day of the robbery.— Mr. Baonawrox despatshed
be at Twelve o'Cloek, adjourned to Friday. . There was, however, no other proof to show that the prisoner was the attendance of Mr. Mull W% Jan. and
tto i . . _ . the thief, and she was consequently acquitted. be found. Shortly after the eases retire
err; SUPERSTITION AND CRUELTY. Michael Bell, aged 33, was indicted for having feloniously taken gistrate that young Mr. Mullins said be 1
in a --age— the till of Mr. George Miller, in Holborn, on the 7th inset five a man named Farrell, at the time alluded
am (From the Nantucket Enquirer.) f.crowns, 4s. and other things, his property. (the officer) had not been able to meet wi
ran Whether we confine our observations to Christendom or not, su. The prisoner, it appeared, entered the prosecutor's shop, and asked It appearing that there is ether evident
lie. pastitition and cruelty will often, if not generally, be found hue. some table beer, and whilst the beer wet drawing, she contrived pinions nature,
ich pervade companions. The following sketch of the horrid transac. possess herself of the money charged in the indictment, which was Mr. BROUGHTON told the prisoner
ted don is no fiction; but it will afford some satisfaction to the philan. beequen found upon bet.--She was found Guilty. stances, he must detain him at proud
an, throple to learn that the person vim caused the death of an innocent Joseph dhapple, aged 26, was indicted for having married Ann brought before him again.
red wife (as will appear in the sequel) Is gradually throw off
n the urr, his lawful wife being at the time alive. Yesterday, John Bolter was further em
trammels of superstition, and will probably introduce a ey more John George stated that -he was premed at the prisoner's marriage charge. One of the new palm, (K. li
rile enlightened than that which has so long obscured and b the th his former wife, Elisabeth Vernon, which was celebrated at o'clock at last Sunday nigh-t, be hoard tic
lee, , , - of the Turks. vanhoe, Bucks, &bought eight months ago. They lived together a female voice, proceeding from Bldg
an. A dletingelthed German traveller, who spent considerable dose in y seven months. Witness did not know the second wife. green, and hassinhig to die spot, saw
my . • about four years ago, received very kind treatment . There being no evidence of the second marriage, the prisoner was rounding a him& Ain Tim lying upo
me , • • the : • • All the rights of hospitality, and all the °Mau ' nitted. ready -.mimed by streggling with the pi
old • • • • . ' were bestowed with a spirit of franinees, and a cordiality *: centric's Pa all, a woman, nearly sixty yews of age, de. all the mem, hadndbg die prisoner, ran
his theft& which would do honour to the most enlightened Christian bai as a widow, was indicted for consp with others to ob- secured the primmer ; when he return*
bed . No thMg was omitted by the Sultan which would contribute Min letters of administration to the edicts of Graham, and also bad He was unable sin
rtes. . the isolbrt mad happiness of the traveller, or enrich his store o 'receiving certain dividends of stock with blest to Maud the Go. and he saw 1M pdmonor endeavouring to
iin . - ion an the various subjects to which his researches Wan di. vernor and Company of the Bank of llogioadl and the said Elisabeth his head over bar mouth.
vas And as gratitude is one of the most pleading modem that thabeen. Mr. BROUGHTON—Tim, for an thin
ut. • • the hums bessm, favours so disdassithed es. the Johan ,- 'Ai Jury found the misname aunty the ma have nenedwei her, and throve
led did sat fail to awaken in the heart of the Hamm the mastratefal ' The ithconnan deeleed disc she should be imumiliatekailled The thither of the "them Winked if
IMO A .11 .. •
