price in wards at length, and be
day appointed, and must be
two responsible Persons engag.
tendering in the penal sum of
, each of the Fresh Beef Con-
Loaf Bread Contracts.
Tender, or some Person on his be-
called for.
M. WALLER CLIFTON.

SALE.
, REGENT'S AND LAN.
'BRIAL GAS-LIGHT and

AUCTION,
AINE,
31r. Scorr),
Janthwy, at Twelve, at the Mart,
!ANAL, from the Town of
lc and Abergavenny Canal, for
Iron, &c. Ten Shares in this
ividing £lO per Share per An-
December.

Ire% in this promising Concern ;
tares; and Two Shares of £5O

LIGHT and COKE COM•

...s been paid.
Mr. M. Ltaine, Canal and Dock
Great Winchester.atreet, Old

XVI. of
. REVIEW. Containing,
.•Samuel Daniel's Poetical Works.
h ; or, London's Precedent for
Guvres de Bernard. .5. Tor-
Life and Writings of Dr. Ar-1
the Arts; a Comedy. 8. St.
avalry. 9. Alazono-Alasti ;or
Bishop Wilkins' Discovery of a
thither. Sir John Rases-

Newgate-street, and It. Ttiphook,
reprinted, and may be had of every

vitTEUSIAN, `or'
'RESENTATION BIBLES
, the-Duke of Sussex), are now
t the different sizes, from a Pocket
and, in addition to the mare
being distinguished for youthful
also a complete Index and Scrip-
Flautists, Threatening', and
selected and printed separately,
e Bibles are recommended as
and Family Presents, and for the

bindings, from ss. and upwards, at,
Church Yard; and 40, Frith-street,
ilatchard and Son, Piccadilly; and
viz.
.Itightson, Birminghain; Baines,
Page, Cambridge ; Archer, Dub-
Chalmers and Co. Glasgow; Lea;
Leeds; Thompson, Manchester ;
Newcastle ; Wildash, Roches-
. Co. Salisbury ; Kurdekin, York;
ate; and Drury, Lincoln.

WS GIFT.
YEA lt naturally excites
nie from Messrs. ROWCAND
GENUINE .IIACASS.AIt
'ronage with which a liberal and tlt6-
linked Article. Its virtues in
beautifying and preserving it
life, are known throughout the
Guardians a more acceptable
cannot be granted. so far as
which every une admires, Tall.

'chasing the above Article, to ask
ilso to observe, that each genuine
Treatise on the Human Hair,"
treats,) and signed on the Label,
Price 31. 6d. 10s. 6d. and
ton-garden. London.

UNIONS, &c.
BRUNSWICK CORN.
a Recipe belonging to her late
mealy for eradicating Corns, and
Ai fleshy substancLs at the bottom
pain or inconvenience, and will
iter fur fresh Wounds and Scalds,
)y G. MORRIS, Chemist to the

2s. 9d. by DuTints, Chemists.
, Regent-street (war the Argyle
place, li.canburgh ; Sackville-street,
Medicine Veuders throughout the

Norris's thunswick Cot❑ Plaster.

16. ,Esehyli Tragcedia qua supersunt. Recensult Va.
rietate Lectinnis, et Commentariis perpetuo thus.
travit Mr. God. Schutz. 2 vols. 3vo. - - 1 8 0
17. The Scholia and Fragments, forming the Third vol. - 0 14 0
18. Ditto, royal paper - - - . - 1 1 0
19. irec.hyli Tragcediz ex Editione Stanlii Latine Red-
• ditz et ad Editionem Grzcam Schutzii aecomo-
, data:, Bvo. boards - - - -0. 7 0
20. A beautiful edition of the Greek Testament, to corre-
spond with the Regent's Classics; taken from the
Texts of Leosden and Griesbach. 18mo. boards 0 7 0
21. Homeri Bias Grace, 18mo. to correspond with the
Greek Testament, boards - - 0 7 01
22. Homed Odyssea GROCC, 18mo. to correspond 0 7 0
25. Herodotus Iteixii et &Weil, 2 vols. 18ano. to corre-
spond- - - - - .014 0
24. Xenophontis de Cyr! Expeditione Commentarii. Re-
censuit George Townsend, A.M. Bvo. 9s. or with
Latin - - - - - - 0 10 6
25. Xenophontis Memorabilia Socratis; excerptit Johan-
nes Greenwood, Bvo. boards, 9s. or with Latin 0 10 0
1 LATIN. -
•
1. C. Cornelii Taciti, Opera reccgnovit, Eniendavit Sup-
plemento explevit, Nods, I)issertatiouibus, Illus. •
ttavit Gabriel Brotier, 4 vols. BJo. - 2 16 0
2. T. Livii Potosi:Ai Historiumn ab Urbe Condit* Li-.
bra qui supersunt Wines, ex recensiona'Arit. Drs.
keolserchii. , Accedttnt Nola Integra. Ex Edi-
tionibus J. B. L. Crevierii, cum Lidice Retain

Locupletissimo, 4 vols. Bvo. boards .. 2- 8 0
3. Clavis Virgiliana; or, a Vocabulary of .dl the Word.
in Virgil's Bucolics, Georgics, and &acid; Bvo. 0 7 6
4. Q. Horatil Flacci Opera, cum S.'reds &twins, et Ob-
servationibus Basteii, Gcstieri, et ZruiliL Edith)
nova, cum Indite: VeibC,rlllll et Nutninum copio-
sirsimo: in usum Scholz Carthuslanz, Bvo. bound 0 12 0
S. lamina Handl Flacci &toga, cum Scholia Veteribus.
Castigavit et Notis illustravit Guliekilos Baxterus.
Edith) anal& et emendatior, cum IndlC Venn,-
rum copimisslmo, Bvo. boards - ' - Ol6 0
6. Davis lioratiana ; or, a Key to the Odes of Horace.
10 which Is prefixed, a Life of the Poet, and an
Account of the Horatiln Metres - 0 7 0
7. X. Virgilii Maronis Georgicorutn, Libri Quatuor.— .
"' The-Georgics of Virgil,, with an English Transla-
tion and Notes. By John Martyn, I.R.S. octavo,
boards - - .. . - - 0 16 0
S. P. Virgilii *lgaronis Bucolorum F.clogz Decem.:—
The Bueollbk. of Virgil, with an English Trans-
. Wino and Notes. By John Martyn, I.R.S. Bvo.
Plates - . - -
-
9. D. Snail Jaye:talk Arrintas Satire XVI. a G. A.
• RuPerti; accede et Index copinsiNsinius ; Oxonil,
boards - - - - • - 010 6
10. D. Junii JUvenalis et A. Persil Flacci Satire expur-
gate; in . usum Scholarum. Adduntur Juvenali
Annotatiunculs Lud. Pratei et Jos. Juventii 0 10 0
11. The Institutes of Latin 'Grammar. By .1. Grant, in
octavo. New Edition, revised and considerably •
augmented . - - - - 0 12 0
12. M. T. Ciceroni. de Oratore Libri Tres, Ex Editione
Jo. Aug. Ernesti, cum Notis Variorth. Appen-
dix. Ex Notis Harlessii et Pearcii excerpta. In
usum Studiose Juventutis. In Bvo. In the Press.

0 16 0

SOCRATES, by his discourse on Marriage, so enrap-
tured his auditors with the subject, that the married men flew
to theirwiven and the bachelors hastened to be wedded ; and " The
Spectator" has affirmed, that theword" wife" is the most agreeable
and delightful name in nature.
The sacred. institution, then, of marriage,' compasses the deside-
ratum of our enjoyment; teeming Lot only with happiness on
earth, but disposing the soul itself to Itarmoniae with bliss hereafter.
Previous, however, to entering unto this hallowed obligation, it
becomes an imperative duty, not only to regulate the passion!, hut
to cleanse the grosser nature from those impurities which the free-
dom of unrestricted pleasure may have entailed upon it. 'fo the
neglect of such attention are attributable many of those hapless in-
stances, which, while they excite the commiseration of the be-
holder, should also impress him with the fear of .ell-reproach.
Luxurious habits will effentinize the body—a residence in the tro-
pics will relax the elastic fibre—but more especiefly dues tile pre-
mature infatuation of youth too frequently compromise the natural
dignity into a state of inanition, front whence the agonized suf-
ferer more than doubts the chance of relief. To all such, then,
we address ourselves, offering hope—energy—muscular strength—
felicity ; nor will our advances appear questionable, sanctioned as
they are by the multiplied proofs of 20 years succeaul experience.
The easy cares of married life are sometimes disturbed by the sus-
pension of those blessings which concentrate the miptial wreath
—fur the female habit is often constitutionally weak—yet it can be
strengthened, and deficient energy improved into functional power.
In every case of syphilitic intrusion, as well as in every set:ilia-
tion of the generative economy, we pledge our ability to cure spee-
dily, and with effect. Earnestly solicitous to .expel the unfeeling
empyric front the poeition so presumptuously taken up, we de-
viate front general principles with less hesitation; sod confident in
our own honourable integrity as Members ~f the Cullege.ol Sur-
geons, we refer the suffering cou 1111 l inity of tither sex (especially
'those entering into matrimonial life) at once to our house, where
daily attendance is given for personal consultation; and letters
front the country are immediately answered; these must contain
a remittance fur Advice and Medicine, which can be forwarded to
any part of the world, however distant.
CUSS and Co. M. fl C. surgeons, No. Ik,
Bouverte-street, Fleet-street, London.
Just published (Sixteenth Edition), 1. The Zgis of Life, a lam:-
liar commentary on the above Diseases.—and, gygeiit no, addressed
, exclusively to the Female Sta. May be bad at uu, Paternoster-row ;
.59, : 16, Princes-street, Soha ; 174, Fleet-street, London ;
Porters 72, Grafton-street, Dublin; Jones, 117, Trougate,Glassuw ;
Cud ui all Booksellers. Price

SPAIN AND LIEN LATE COLONIES.,
IHME THE MADRID GAZETTE.
MADRID. DBCl7.ltBElt 24. •
After haying in our preceding article recapitulated
such facts as we deemed necessary to eaablisla a com-
parison between the Royalistar my and that or the In-
surgents of Peru, we demonstrated that from those facts
Europe might judge of the opinion of the iiihal.itants,
which is not so opposed to the parent State a:, some fo-
reizu Journalists affect to insinuate.
And, in fact, is it credible that an army, teduced in
numbers, exposed to privation', and deprived of suc-
cours of men and money, tould have been effectively'
re-organized in a few months, and become six times
more numerous? Could this army have almost en-
tit ely defeated the enemy's forces, and pacified the nu-
onerous Colonies of that vast empire, it its efforts had
hot been seconded by the inhabitants,? But as the opi-
*ion in America is the favourite talisman of the Courser,
with which he pretends to charm the eyes of the rest of
the universe, it is right to scrutinize this cliai m.
All those who have any statistical knowledge-ot Peru,
know that G-Sths of its inhabitants are Indians, 1-Bth
slaves, or emancipated slaves, and the remainiog eighth .
Spaniards, divided into Europeans and Creoles. •The ,
Indians, being generally employed in husbandr s labour,
the mines, and the mechanical arts, are ignoi ant of even
the name uf politics; and those of duties, rights, titi•
isms, Congresses, popular Elections, C.nstitution, and
Independence, are equally unknown to them. Neither
do they understand the names of the C iciptes, Inten-
dants, and Viceroys,whom they blindly obey. There are
no subjects in the world who Bear pronounced, and pro.. ,
nounce themselves, with more respect, the name of their
legitimate Sovereign, whom they call their King, at the •
same time uncovering the head, bowing the body, and
making other extraordinary demoe,trations ot is. peCt.
lam a Royalist (Jr osoy Realism); say they incessantly,
considering the name of insurt.tent as an odious evithet.
Goo! the'Kingl this is their device—a device ,o conso-
nant with their sentiments, that w hen some ill-designing
individuals sought to brandish the torch of discoid
amongst them, they seduced them in the name of the ,
King, by persuading them that it was to pie%erve the do.,
minatiOn of that country to the King of Spain, from
whom the Spaniards designed to wrest it. This was
what happened in 1814, when Angola, Vejar, and Men,
doza (on escaping from the prisons of Cusco, in which
they were confined for crimes which they e eie on the
point of expiating), excite{ them to instorection, aided
he the soldiers who had been to guard them.
It was this method that some obscure individuals of St.
Martin, within the last few years, made use. of. The
slaves and the emancipated have never taken any part
in the insuirectionary. moverncias in those territories;
and when the pretended liberators forced them, in 1820,
to take tip arms .in faisour of independence, they gave
unequivocal proofs of their aversion from defebding this
cause. The ill-disposed have since turned rohlwrs, and
those of good slispoation rettirnNl to their old masters.
preferring slavery to the fantastical much vaunted
felicity of their castntry.
Net a word need be said respecting the European
'Spaniards; the banishments, the assiissinALtiirs, an l the-
pillage of which they' have ;wren tire victims, :oh:- which
they preferred rather than take the oath of andel:en/la;
ertee, are, and will always be, irietrable uvidence of
their inviolable attachment to the patent State ; and it
is indubitable that they cannot ofT:i. is cen,,e to a divi-
nity whose altars are stained with European blood, and
whose Ministers, under the veil of civic virtues, of which
',limy make a parade in theii Writings, ate consummate'
Monsters in all species of crime.
The American Spaniards, no one can doubt; Incline

ior the most part in favour of independence ;neverthe•
less, the most rational amongst them suppress this Oa•
timent, being persuaded that Peru wilntli the togas°.
'don of agriculture, in d ustryr and( enrumet ce—tienredits
Without which no independeneexatt (mists • It is iii waits,
say they, that we are directed for example iv' the indiele
pendence of the Anglo-American Republic ; that coo
try previously possessed the seed of the denrocraot,
which exists in. her Constitution ; the greater portion
of her first colonists, born anridst the to igious and po.
htical tevolutioni-of Europe. emigrated to that country, •
and transmitted a Republican sFirit to Geir children.,
But in Peru,we only see the indelible stamp of a tem.
perate Monarchy, and Indians ss ho-aie idolatrously at-
cited to the King of Spain. If, say all reflecting
Creoles, we sever the ties which attach us to the parent
State, another European Power will usurp dominion.
Over us, and then we shall prefer the domination of
Spain, because her religion, language, and manners, are
common with our own, and because, on comparing our
•condition with that of the native Creoles of Jamaica,
Canada, and the coasts of Malabar and Cot omandel,
we but appreciate more highly the wise laws which go-
vern us, and we even prefer then to the colonial laws
of all the European nations.
Who, then, are the insurgents of Peru, the Courier
will inquire? The insurgents of Pol, we will answer
him, are a band of needy adventurers, known at Lima
under the name of Bolantuzos, a confederacy of law.
yers who, having been expelled the profession for their
personal qualities, view themselves, in iu.agination, al-
ready seated in a new upper chamber; several Canons
and Curates, who, unworthy of the sacerdotal inves. ,
titure, and some of whom thinking themselves Am.
broses, and others Augustins, love revolution, persuaded
that it will obtain the episcopal mitre. The insurgents
of Peru are Cochrane, Miller, Foster, Ranier, and other
foreign Don Qoixotes, who, as they can neither endure
in their owit..country the contempt which their conduct
has merited, nor entertain the hope of being restored
to the regard of their Government and countrymen,
nor of satiating their inordinate love of command and
riches, have proceeded to the New World, where they
practise their revolutionary tactics. ."The insurgents of
Peru are several Americans, unworthy of-living under
the mild and Paternal laws of the King of Spain.
It is not our intention to confound with those we have
here enumerated, many good Peruvians, who, in the
provinces invaded by the Insurgents, unceasingly int.
.phoe the ALMIGHTY to testoie to them the ia:einal
go-
vernment of Ferdinand VII. nor those, not less mime:
ions, who, sacrificing an opulent e.xistrace and patriot°.

_

. V• •

;A the Soft Bread to the 50th Septenal
The First Division—To all Statious I
and Isle of Sheppey, excepting Shellues
Ths Filth Division—To all Statious
t •,ii, 'Jot h places included; and
'I he Sixth Division—To all Stations
Shoreham Haven to the Eastern Poin
caraace of Chichester Harbour.
'lke Conditions of the Contracts ma'
by arplying to Captain M•Culloek, at 1
Cie Victualling at. Portsmouth; and
Victualling at Chatham.
Each Tender must specify the price
4i-heeled before One o'Clock on the d
%companies] by a Letter signed by tw
loco become bound with the ['tiny ti
,COf.o for the due performance of e,
traets,and in £lOO for each of tie Loa
The Person who makes the Tender
hal?, must attend to answer when calls
31
mosmi IN S
:VON 110 ErrIISTII Rlt CANA L,
CASTER CANAL, and, IMPS
COKE COMPANY SHARES.
TO BE SOLD BY .
By Mr. M. RA
(Successor to the late
On Tilt Rat/A V, the 2011 of 'January,
11ON MOUTHSHIRE CAN
..t.ll. Newport to the Brecknock i
the export and conveyance of Coal, Ins
ea diluted prosperous Navigation, divi
rum, payable half-yearly, June and Di
REGENT'S CANAL—Ten Share
'ANCASTER CA NAL, Nine Sham
each in the IMPERIAL GAS I.
PAN Y, on which £3.5 per Share has 1
Particulars at the Mart ; and of Mr.
S,..te tial Estate Broker, No. 2, C
liroad-street, London.
Price 3,1: No. X
THE RET ROSPECTIVE I
i 1. The Salon Chronicle. • 2.-Sarr
G. 7,e. ac's God's Pt-a for •Nineveh Li
:lacy. 4. Minor French Poetry, if
reemedas' Spanish Mandeville. 6. L
iathnot. 7. Holiday's Marriages of •.
P,luye's Memoirs of Ancient Chival
.3nict,:r of a Cockney. /0. Bishr
World in the Moon, with a Passage tl
ty's Memoirs. .
Published by G Baidwyn, Nen;
Bund-street.
n- Nos. 1, 11, 3, -art now reprinte
Leukseller.
JI RI.V.:S FOR ALL.—THI
ittrEN ILE and FAMILY P 1
(Patronized by his Royal Highness tl
printed, by Royal Authority, in all the
Volume to an Imperial Quarto: at
interesting and devotional Chapters be
and family reading, they contain the
tare Guide, in which the Precepts, I
leading Doctrines of the Bible are sel
in :!:e tvurth of Holy Writ. These
peculiarly adapted for Juvenile and
use oi Sc./I°,4s. -
7'o be hat! in all sizes and binding
the Depositories, 73, St. Paul's Chore]
Sabo-square. Also, of Messrs. Hotel
eat the following Provincial Agents,'
Ileests. Bums and Co. Bath ; Wril
Canterbury ; Wilkins, Derby ; Page
La; ; Whyte and Co. tlinburgh ;•Cha
Gloucester; Noble, I lull ; Heaton, Le
Freeman, Northampton ; Finlay, N
ter; Rusher, Reading; Brodie and C
P•li-attls and Co. Cork; I)enne, par
A NEW YEAI
THE °petting or a 'NEW
sentimeiits of profound gratitud
cad SON, sole Proprietors of the
OIL, for the unparalleled Poronagi
coming Public has honoured that adi
promoting the growth of Hair, in
trom infancy to the latest period of li
h thitahle globe. To Parents and
i`resent to thole under tlwir care
concerns the preservation of that w
cis it BEA ::TT.
It is essantially requisite in porch
•or ItOWLANT).3 NACAS..% It Ocr. ; also
'Veit is enclosed in " Rowlatid's 1
Itiehly worthy the attention of Part
tied Ink, " A. HOWLAND AND SON.
4:l. Is. per Bottle.--N0."20, llatton
• FOR CORNS, in
Ar ORRIS'S ROYAL
2- PLASTER, prepared :runt
' '''4;-'btY. It is an excellent B !met
' •,"•t•rg relief to thole who have hard
tLeir feet, without the least pea
i • ' "nt a very useful Family Kassel
ikee.' f l' .
••iae. Or ,111.29.?5. Prepared by
. • ~ I•4thily, Kensington.
‘ ..-it•l in Itszes at Is. 11d. and 5.
.: ht41,441e. St. Paul's; and 220,
j;:' ~.), London ; Waterloo-place,
' '•• ; and by the principal Alec,
. ' ,•-••• Kingdom.
.'s • 11- Be wend to salt for Mort
i.
i
I
1 •
1 .
-.-. --4 •
• • ,• :4 .1,1::`,. :
