FASHIONS FOR FEBRUART.

;--•

tireptsra Danl.—White crape, or bee frock, aver a white
'ado slip; the body'and sleeve- are formed of a very elegant
fancy material, which has just been introduced. Headdress, the
*fat a is 11.1yis. composed of white lace, and ornamented with
feathers and precious stones. Neck-lace. ear-rings. and locket,
of diamond*.
Paola cm A es Dlt tss —A ninepins dress. composed of the finest
dark nsuiperry ladies cloth, finished at the bottom of the skirt
with a new invented trimming, which has ati uncommonly light
and pretty effect. A plain high body, ovtr which is worn a spencer
made of velvet one shade darker than the dress, and ornamented
with white sattnefsierwarses Rep. ilay.
• Gap IR A L cloth pelisses with pets-
rine capes, bound with a broach iadu ribbon, are the most preys*
lent out-door costume for the fair pedeatrians. For the open ba-
rouche or landaulette, ranks foremost the Hussar pelisse of
Fri nch grey Merino clods, trimmed down the front ala ndlital re ;
ti o back Is made peculiarly ea.y, graceful and elegant. For the
ease carriage, the cardinal cloak is more in lay ur, which is ge.
nerally of a tea colour, or some other chaste and unnistrusling
hue, finely contrasted with a rich enibroideetd tnnunior of
chenille.* in orange cailour of different shades.
At the 'theatres gram! costume has lung been exploded, and a
plain attire, with the simple and lovely ornament of a fine head
of hair, is the most prevalent.
Round muslin thews, flounced with lace, are much worn for
halt do as, with the lichester braces.
Paintsd Merino stuffs have succeeded chintz for common wear,
while velvet, poplin, and twilled sarsnet, are the must preveiiing
materials ter dinner dresses. Moss 41k muffs have a most elegant
ffect: the lightness of this charming material renders it a real
acquisition for mauy appendages to the salsas.—Belts Anesaldts.

Yesterday her MAJESTY, Princesses ELIZABETH and
Mashy went in a carriage from the Queen's &lace to
take an airing, and honoured Miss POLDSWORTII Is who
is indisposed, with a visit, at her house in Hill-street.
We are concerned to learn, that the Marquis of

ANGLESICA has had the misfortune, within these few
rigs, to experience two accidents on his injured
• thigh t—He was shooting in Sussex, and fell on it
!rots a pony ; and after that had the misfortune to
fait down stairs. ,
A boy, about eight years of age, being left alone
in a room in a small court, of Harp-alley, Fleet-mar.
ket, yesterday miming, set his clothes on fire ; his
screams were. heard for about ten minutes, but no
'person went to his assistance, thinking his mother
Was beating him. When discovered, all his clothes
were burnt off. He was then carried to the Hospi:
tal, where he expired.
The Commutation of Tithes has long been a fa-
Vonnte object with many of our Wading Characters,
both in the Church and in the Senate. We know
not whether any of the modes hitherto devised for the
attainment et dila object be practicable; but this we
know, that all who are subject to it, may, by a very
easy protest, render it a matter indifference who-
iher it be commuted or not.—lltsy, for instance, a
Lottery Ticket, *or, if you cam* afford that, buy a
Share, and then see whether the Oteportion of 11.5,000
Guineas, or even of 20,000 Pounds, will not produce
the desired effect.
• Rscumussow, GOODLLYCK. and Co. are induced to
• hope, Ir(411-the repeated instances of good fortuae at-.
ieed:int on purchaser. at the* Offices, that they
gall continue to meet with that liberal support, they
have always esperwaced. Nos.. /8,646, 569% and
16.480, Capit.it Prizes of £50,000, £20,000, and
reltaxt, were Shared in the Last 'Lottery, at their
Offices, Corning and Charing Cross, where they re-
srxtfully sohtit the favour of the Pubic, iu the
Lottery .to been Drawing on Valentine's
Scheele CO %WAS 2 Capitals of 15,000 Guineas in
• Gold. 2 f A-20,000, 'isc. kc. And It formed on the
original ystewt at not g Blanks to a*Pttsee

a

COMMON COMICIL.
• . • P
ids= • .
ADDRESS TO THE REGENT UPON THE PEW..
Yestcyday, upon the meeting of the Court, the
LORD Maims, observed, that as the proceedings Upon
the Address to the Regent On a former day had been
adjourned, he apprehended that,according to custom,
those proceedings should be finally determined before
any other business was gone into.
Mr. Donoroao objected strongly to any new Ad-
dress, while another Address from the Court was not
.yet accepted by the Regent.: • •
Sir Wu. Coitus was decidedly of opinion, that,
according to a standing order and the practice of the
Court, strangers should be excluded during the read-
ing and consideration of the Address.
Mr. WAITHMAN thought differently, denying that
there was any such Standing Order as had been stet-
and in iintaining that every proceeding of that
Court, especially upon a public measure, ought to be
communicated to the public This he felt due, not
onlr to the character of the Court, but peculiarly to
its constituents, who were entitled to know how their.
representatives acted. He could not, indeed, see any
objection to publicity, unless among those who were
ashamed orafraid to avow their sentiments.
Mr. Alderman GOODBEHiRg followed on the same
side, and expressed his surprise that any but the lac-
queys of the_Minister, who were willing to attend the
bell, should wisti to suppress the proceedings of that
Court, lest Are proceedings should have their due
influence upon 'public opinion. He deprecated any
attempt at seeredy or mystery with regard to the
conduct of that Court, whigh was essentially a public,
body, as extremely suspicious, and calculated to cast
suspicion upon the character of the Court itself.
Mr. SAMUEL DIXON insiiteft chit the Standing Or-
der called for the exclusion if strangers, upon the
proposition of any Member, and that it was the esta-
blished practice of the Court to exclude strangers
upon all occasions, when the Report of a Committee
upon an Address to any Member of the Royal.Fit-
mily was under discussion. He therefore moved that
strangers be excluded.
Atter some conversation between Messrs. Favell,
Griffiths, and others—
The Lena Mavoa said, that he was not aware of
the existence of the Standing Order alluded to. It
was to be recollected; that according to the practice'
of the House of Commons, the Speaker ordered,
without discussion, the exclusion of strangers, upon
the mere application of any Member.
Mr. WAITIIMAN moved that strangers should be
allowed to remain, and a division took place:
Fig the original Motion 79—Against it 40—
Majority 39.
&rangers were accordingly excluded.
After the strangers had withdrawn, Mr. WAITH-
MAN moved that they be admitted ; this was objected
to by Mr. Aldermen Curtis, Hey gate, Mr. Dixon.
and others. Mr. Davis, Ir. White, and others,
strongly contended, that if they were not ashamed of
their proceedings no reason could be alsigaed for
their exclusion. The motion was negatived.
Mr. Alderman CURTIN then moved, that the Ad-
dress drawn up by the Committee at the last Court
should be the Address to be presented to the Prince

Regent.
Mr. WAIT:00411a rose and observed, that as the
Court had agreed to address, although he and others
could see but little to congratulate upon, he should
not oppose it, but confine his objection to the Address
itself, and propose, by way of an amendment, one
which would at Iraq record his opinions and those of
the Members who acted with him. At the last Court
the arguments of those who had opposed the Address
were most triumphant, and not a single argument
was refuted, or a single principle laid down that was
even contested. They were indeed admitted as ge.'
neral principles to be right. The Worthy Alderman
who moved the Address, expressed his astonishment
that those who were always for peace were now
against it. He did not know how the worthy Alder.
man could fall into such an error, for they always
were, and now were, most desirous of peace ; and
bad as it was they were glad to see it, but surely it
'did not necessarily follow that they must approve of
the terms. He had n i objection to the Address, ex.'
ceptiog part of two sentences, the other parts were
commonplace compliments; but one part was par-
ticularly objectionable; he meant where it went to
approve of keeping up a military force, in order to
uphold the Government of France, and to keep the
people in slavery and subjection. The worthy Al-
, 'lemma has said the general state of Europe was
improved ; was there a Bastile now, or did the
Clergy possess one-third of the property 1 •He ob-
served, that he did not know where to look for
the improvement of the Continent; it was not in
France, in Spain, or Italy, nor in Germany or
Poland, or even other parts : and as to the Bastile,
' they were indebted to the Republicans for its de-
struction, 'and not to the Allies, and the same with
respect to the Clergy. They were now, however;
la a fair way of erecting numerous Baulks, and,
i
bereasing the wealth-and nfluence of the Clergy.
+sit had also been said by the worthy Alder •
that bit (Alr. Waithman) has asked—" WAS Franco
free, powerful, and happy ri and in return he in-
quired, whether the object of the war was to mak*
her so 1 Mr. Waithman here' entered into a wide
field of argument, and produced a variety of dops.
meats, to shew that that was not only the pretence
'ad out to the French nation, but the solemn pledge
of the Allies, the Prince Regent, and his Ministers,
which had been grossly violated, among which he
read estracts from Lord Liverpool's speech, where
be had disclaimed Gs all intentious of interfering with
the internal concerns of France, or in the choice of
a Govanuisent ;"—that at the Congress of Vienna,
they appointed a Committee, who reported upon
their declaration on the 12th of May—" nit the
Powers know too well what ought to guide them io
their relations with an independent country, to at-
tempt (as it is endeavoured to accuse them) to im.
• pose upon it laws, or to interfere in its internal affairs,
to prescribe to it a form of Government, to give its
masters according to the interests or passions of its
neighbours, that the whole object of their ambition
Was the peace of Europe and the happiness of
France"! He next quoted the Proclamation of Bar-
clay de Tolly, General-in-Chief of the Russian ar-
mies, July sth, particularly where he saye—" GO%
Justice—the wish of all Nations secund us—French-
men, come to Tneet us, our cause is flair:, your hap-,
pines% your glory, your power, are still necessary to

thirshwy, and pier of ail nation whd ate L -
to combat for you !" Mr. Walthman here called
upon the Worthy Alderman to say whether the hap-
piness of France was net one of the declared objects
of the Allies. and whether there *as to be found in
the page of history, when we look hoe/ these decla-
rations were fulfilled, an Instance of such fraud and
perfidy. Alter dwelling 'for some time upon the
baseness of such conduct, he then adverted to the
capitulation of Paris, ant! after reading extracts from
the Convention entered into with the Duke of Wel-
lington, wherein the safety of Persons and Property
were guaranteed I-41 and particularly, that the Con-
stituted Authorities were not to be molested in the
exercise of their functions, and that no person should
be celled to account, either as to the situation which ,
they hold, or may have held, or as to their conduct
or political opinions! 1 !" and strongly animadverted'
upon the violation of this Convention, where Louis
was, contrary to all the professions and declarations
made to the world, and particularly hetd forth to the
people of France, violently forced upon them, the
Legislative Assembly taken possession of by a mili-
tary force, the C.,nstitutional Charter violated—the
liberty of speech and the liberty of the press destroy.
ed, and the country filled with prosecutions and pro.
scriptions. Could there be liberty or happiness
where these measures were adopted, and a foreign
army kept up to enforce this system of tyranny—
could peace be lasting, could animosities subside—
could friendly or commercial intercourse take pl:rce
under such afflicting circumstances—who would ven-
ture their capital in foreign speculations under such
uncertainty ? As to Spain, he would ask. are we
to interfere in behalf of legitimate Sovereigns only—
are we to force Rulers upon France, Naples, and
Spain, and to take no interest in the condition of
the oppressed people ? He sincerely hoped that the
British Government would yet exert its influence to
restore mutual confidence, allay animosities, and to
render the peace permanent and secure. ge con.
cluded, by moving the following as in amendment :
44 We, his Majesty's most dutiful and loyal sub-
jects, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons
of the City of London, in Common Council assem-
bled, most humbly approach your Royal Highness
to offer our congratulations upon the termination
which has been put to the effusion of human blood,
by the conclusion of a Treaty of Peace with his Must
Christian Majesty the King of France.
" In fulfilling a duty so grateful to oar feelings,
we cannot hut take a retrospective, view of the inn.
portant events which have is teresied the attention
of Europe, during the short interval since we ad-
dressed your Royal Highness upon a similar oc-
, casion.

44 We then congratulated your Royal Highness
upon what appeared to us the spontaneous and gene.
ral with of the French people in calling Louis the
18th to ;he Throne of France. from which act of
generous confidence we anticipated the happiest. re.
sults to agitated Europe.
66 An event, however, which no less sto prized the
world by the rapidity ot its progress andisi ultimate
success, than by tbe apparent mt.lness of the at-
tempt, in a moment. destroyed the anticipations in
which Wf had indulged.
66 The Congress the* assembled at V enna imme-
diately declared it to be the intention of the Allied
Powers to interfere with the internal affairs of
France, but, limiting that interference solely to the
exclusion of :lie Emperor Napoleon from the buprenie
authority—solemnly guaranteeing to the French
people in every other respect a tree choice, both as
to the form and the persons who should compose the
Government.
66 Under. these circumstances, and beholding the
immense preparations that were making by the Al.
lied Powers to invade the French territories, w carry
into effect the declaration of the Congress—the citi-
zens of London expressed their conviction to Parlia-
ment of the impolicy of this country engaging in a
war for the purpose of interfering in the internal con-
, cerns of France, or any other nation—or in any man-
ner dictating as to the person who should or should
not be at the head ot the Government.
64 War, however, was commenced, the memorable
bottle of Waterloo soon succeeded, and the brilliant
victory of that day accomplished its declared object :
the annihilation of the power of Napoleon. It was then
that a new object, One that until then had been espe.
cially disclamed by the Allies, was avowed, the Duke
of Wellington marched unopposed to the capital, and
entered Paris by virtue ot a Capitulation which,
amongst other provisions, guaranteed to the existing
author:ties, the free and unmolested exercise of their
functions.
46 It is with pain we call to the recollection of your
Royal Highness how that sacred pledge was violated,
that the Hall of the Assetnbly of the Representatives
of the French people was takes possession of by a
military force—the Members refuted admission—theirs
deliberations violently closed, and the Allies now
unequivocally declared their intention to replace
Louis XVIII. on the throne, notwithstanding there.
cent manifestations of the wishes of the French nation.
Thus by a foreign force was Louis XVIII. placed
upon the throne—and by the same force is he still
upheld in his authority, while, in violation of the
Constitutional Charter, those great bulwarks against
tyranny and oppression—the liberty of the press and
the liberty of speech are destroyed.
64 Appreciating Me-feelings of a high minded and
powerful nation by what would be our own under
such outrages against nationahightsorn should not be
doing our duty, were we to conceal horn ydur Royal
Highness our conscientious conviction that such a
state of things cannot long last, that a peace con-
cluded under such circumstances, and attempted to
be maintained brsuch means, cap neither give us
the promised indemnity for the past, nor the pros.
pect of security for the future—but that we are
thereby only sowing mote plentifully Abe seeds of na-
tional jealousy apd hatred, and it is with inexpressible
grief and mertiticaticul that we contemplate the em-
ployment of British troops for purposes hostile to Bri-
tish principles and British feelings.
44 Nor can we forbear to glance at the unhappy
mate of the Spanish nation—where, after our immune
sacrifices of blood and tceasure; in conjunctioo with
the noble and virtuous patriots who so gloriously
struggled in the sacred cause of liberty and intlepeno
'dente, we have the grief of beholding every vestige.
of tivil'and religions liberty destroyed—the Inquisi-
tion re-established, and by the basest ingratitude the
most distinguished of these illustrious Patriots have

Been onsitned to thl Most ignoininintis
ary a tyrannical and bigntted Priice,
their exertions his elevation to the ti;rone,
46 We sincerely trust that this Whip:
things will speedily subside—that to
means will be neglected 1 n the pan of
Highness to allay existing aninussities,,ark
hope the Sot ereigns of Europe will et
true and lasting interests, which are ince;
nected with the peace, liberty and prospt
subjects, by which the repose and halo
country, and of Europe, may be placed
,and permanent basis.
u We cannot but indulqe a confiJea
by a rigid retrenchment in the p•; Wit ea
reformation of existing abuses, and a d
burthens, the injuries of a protracted wa
paired, and that your Royal Highness,
felicity of long reigning over 4 free,
united people."
Upon the shew of hands, the amend
gatived:
Mr. Davtrs then stated the strong
felt to•the clauses which had been poi.iti
Waitliman, after the documents he 11
which he had so forcibly animadvert
conceived that it Would be impossible
to commit' so glaring an inconsistency a
clauses to remain as they now stood.
impossible for things to remain as the!
continuance of peace and the securily 4
peaded upon the support of foreign
moved that those clauses be omitted.
Mr. WIIITE made several forcible obsi
the present state of this country and ti
Europe, urging the impropriety of. the
they went to approve of conduct ill d
of the solemn engagements of the A
testing against the policy or jus:ice tit
vernment upon France hateful to the pt
porting it by foreign force. We could
be at peace while this was the case.
Alderman HEYGATE persisted in the
stood. A division took place, when the
Fortin Amendment, I Alderrnaii,4
2 Tellers—Total 44.--Against it,
79 Commoners; 2 Tellers—Total 90—
Mr. FAYELL, in a speech of consid
proposed the amendment he read at
Much was negatived.
The Sheriffs, attended by the Realer
requested to wait uron his Royal Higi
his Royal pleasure wt.= the Court m
with the same.
The Court voted their Thanks to du
Chaplain. for his Sermon preached at
the late Thanksgiving Day, and he w
print the same, and to send a copy w

BovesTnurr.--Tuesday morning,
constable, arrived in London, w th
well known house breaker, in his cu
the most expert in that made of depi
of the present day. On being ex orui
BIRNIns he was committed lor a sal, of
robbery in Houghton-street, C are M
EXECUTION OF GILLAII AND BRO(.1
day morning, these unfortunate me•
who were convicted at the 1.,.e Ado
of the murder of iour meu brtonr
revenue cutter, in a scuff:: off the
August last, underwent their scum;
Dock. Since their coudenination ;le
been made by their Spiritual Gu, de to c
the enormity of their crime, and to di
tion to that source whence alone m
teed ; and we ate happy to say he full
About One o'clock they were remo
cells, and before they entered the c
hands with their trien.:3, and said to I
were going upon a more prosperous v
they had yet taken. Giitam then to.
a silk handkerchief, which he hem
would deliver to an intimate friend.
progress to the scene of their fate, MI
prayer, and frequently expressed the
mind which they enjoyed. Gillum,
announced to those around him, th
was so complete. be did not wish to
with any whom he should leave be
seemed to be wishing for his speedy al
tar spot, several times asking the .per
during their progress through W
Gravel-lane, how tar they were off di
they had arrived at. the f.tal spot, tho
COTTON, the Ordinary of Newgate, a.
to Brockman, and hoped he acknowlt
of his sentence, but the penitent NA
vent in prayer, that he made no anss
peated the same words to Gillam, v
the utmost fortitude, in words whir
some distance—e 4 Yes, Sir, I acknow
of my-sentence, and I hope I sin golf
Immediately after the Clergyman let
in a very firm and affectionate mann
to his fellow sufferer, and said-"
hand, Shipmate, farewell—Goo bles
o'clock the Marshal of the Admiral'
vet oar as a signal, and they were in
into 'eternity. After hanging the t
bodies were conveyed to a sailing boJ
finally to be hung in chains on so
part of the coast of Kent.—An as
curred to a waggon at the entran
street, caused the procession to pro
tha usual route, down the Old Bail
Paul's Churchyard, &c. —The sac
lam and his wife,- at parting, on Mc
truly heart-rending, end it was we
they could be separated from each o
lam and Brockman frequently lames
who, it will be recollected, turned
against them, never came .to visit tho
they sent a person to him, but he It
. out complying with their wishes. 1
to shake hands withhim, and to assn
should die in peace with him, and in.
all mankind. On every occasion tb
tervint desire for prayer.

1)1W.

At Itls Seat at Castle Howard, Yorkshire,
He is succeeded in his title and estates by
Vbcount Morpetb.
Jae. 29, at Strawbetry Hill, after s Root
Laura, Countess of Waldegrave, in the Stith

LON/HiN: Printed by Laval. Agri a,
publaske4 there, aMat tbs Star Glace
