SALES BY AUCTI

BRISTOL, AUGUST Ic, len
By Order of the Hon. Commissioners of his Majesty's
In the Long Room of the Comm Houle, on Test',
instant, at Four o'Clock in the Afternoon,
THE following GOODS, clear of all '
000DS DTT.AIPIID, Itlllo INTLIILD VIM=

bOO Basel P.ates, various sort..
DODDS MARINO LAID UPWARDS UT S MONTS'S L
I Cat. 1 qr. sundry Foreign Books, not prohibited;
Bombareens ; 2 Looklng Glasses; about 1250 pounds
Plantation care ; 2 Pieces Fir Thither; alai,
bacco Ashes.
PERISIABLIt ARTICLES.
6 Jars Pickled Oysters; about i 2cwt. Smyrna
The Goods, and Samples, to be seen, on application
Warehouse-keeper, on Monday, the 301 blatant,
of Sale, until One e'Clock.

NEW ANNUAL REGISTER.
This day published, in one large volume, (Ivo. In Boards,
Price 20s. or half-bound, uis. •
THE NEW ANNUAL REGISTER; or Gene-
ral Repository of History, Politics, and Literature, for the
year 1812. To which Is prefixed, the History of Knowledge,
LarrAng, Taste, and Science, in Great Britain, during the Reign
of his present Majesty.
Printed for John Stockdale,
Where may be had, Complete Sets of the above Work, from
the year 1780 to the present time, 33 vols. halt-bound, Price 33
Guinea,.

This day was published,
Printed on Six Sheets. Atlas Paper, price .P 2. es.
ANEV GENERAL CHART for the NAVI-
GA'rION of thr SOU SEA, the PACIFIC OCEAN,
and the INDIAN OCEAN;. exhibiting an the space between
Cape Horn and the Cape of Gond Hope, and frost 62 North to
6S Sou:11. Latitude illustrated with several Erects and other
valuable additions from the 'indent and modern Spanish Navi-
eat•rs, with the Author's own Astronomical Observations and
netnarks. Constructed by Don JOSE ESPINOSA. Admiral of
the Spanish Royal Navy and Director of the Hydrographical
Office.

gf3141 by W. Fader, Charing-Cross, Geographer to his Majesty
and to his Royal Highness the Prince Regent.

GAME LAWS.
This day was published, in a Pocket Volume, pries ls. 6d.
a new Edition, of
•
TTHE GAME LAWS; being a enmprehensive
and familiar 'l%eatise upon that subject; comprising all the
Statutes and Resolutions of the Courts relating to Deer, Hares,
Rabbits, Pheasants, Partridges, Grouse, Fish, and other objects of
sport ; together with the qualifications by Estee and Certificate
for killing Game, the appointment and authority of a Game-
keeper ; the m.)de of recovering Penalties under the Game Laws ;
the Law concerning Trespass in the pursuit of Came ; and the
General Law relatingto Dogs. New Ecistiop, corrected and en-
brged, including the new Act of the 5214 Gee. 111. respecting
Rabbits, Snip's, &c.
Printed for W. Clarke and Sons, Portugal-street, Lincoln's inn.

NOTICES-PRIVATE AC rs.

This day was published, in Svo. price Ss. 6tl. boards,
THE NEW STANDING ORDERS of the
HOUSES of LORDS and COMMONS, u revised by a
Con:whim relative to Private Bills, Notices and other Matters,
and Table of Fees to be taken by the Officers of both Houses of
Parliament, completed to July 1813; to which are added the
new increased Costs in Chancery, Examiner's Office, and King's
Bench, apd a copious Index to the whole.
The Howes-pi Lords and Commons having made several
new Standing Orders-Jely tins, and as all persons should be ac-
quainted with these new Orders to direct their proceedings on
application for Private Bills, it was thought desirable to pet them
in a form for general use.
London : Printed for W. Clarke apd Sons, Law Booksellers,
Portugal-suet,

CUSTOM-HOUSE. PORISMOt
Ora Tliersiliy the 24 Septambee near, at ten o'clock
noon precisely, at this Office,
THE UNDERMENTIONED a.
same having been seized and legally condemned,
Foreign Shawls, Shawl Neckcloths, Mus in, Lace
Nankrest, Linen, Russia Duck, Fans. Binh of Par
derable quantity of Necklaces, bracelets, Agate,
other Beads and Stones ; Otto of Ros..s, and other
Chains and Rings, Sugar, Tea, Coffee, Cliocolatv
Paste, Ramins, Preserves, Honey, Arrow Root,
Caad:es, Naples Soap, Cam*, Salt, Cayenne
Bran y, Rum, Genera, raw spirit*, Cordials,
Plate, Chita, Guitars, Harness, skins, hove;
Buttons, Apparel, Mars Deals, Anchors, Cables,
Iron, Hand Grenades, Ilse. &c.
Al SO FOR EXPORTATION,
Pieces of Silk, Silk Haodkerchiers and Silk
The whole of which may be viewed three days
Appicatie, to the Wrinilsosise-kiepee.

OLOUPIIIIITIMSHIRL-41(EKI40LU ,
The MANOR Of DO NNlNfri FON, abounding
MANSION HOUSE. with OFFICE',
560 Acres, near STOW in the WOI.D,
MAItSH, and CHIPPING NORTON...-. '
By Mr. ROBINS,
At Carr. vay's Coffee House, 'Change-Alley, Cornhill. Lont4on,
on Thursday, the 2541 of i.ep ember, at Twe:ve o'Clock,-
one Lot'
A CAPITAL
FREEHOLD EST STE, Titl!e•
s
free, the re4dence amipritperty of Twist All BA &TO N. Esq.
comprising the Manor of DON NINGTON, extending over the
whole Hamlet, and abounding with Game.
The Mansion is a uniform &one-birth Structure, will well.
arranged Family Apartments and 05ces of all descripti lastly
altered and improved gt a consi.lerable exptmcit. plated on a LA
commanding situation, nearly in the centre of the Estate, rm.;
brazing extensive views of the surrounding coon, ry. •
Excellent Kitchen Garden, enclosed by lofty Walls, and plant,
ed with choice Fruit Trees, in full perfection ; Comets Hun's%
Stables, &o. encircled by thriving Plantations. At a short dia.
canoe is a capital Farm-house, Fold-yard, Sri Barns. Stables, Oz.
stalls: Sheds, and various Outbuildings. erected on • substantial
and judicious plau for agricukural purposes, and all in-complete
repair.

Four Cottages fat Labourers, and thriving Plantations; fertile
rich Meadow, Pasture, mod Arable Land, containing about Sett
Acres, In a high state of cultivation, divided by thr.viug quick.
fences, into couveMent Enctosurea; a fine btleanl of Water
through the Grounds, which is well stored with Fi• h, and from
which great part of the Meadow may he traigAted:
This Estate forms a very eligible Vrope ty tor a f;entlernan,
Agnculttuist, or for domestic purposes, a tuate in a beautiful
part at Vie county, two miles from stow, three from Moroni in
18 from Chetenh.un,lo from lsortord, 2 i fro, /):ford,
and 80 from London.
May be viewed, by applying to Mr. Davis, at the Mae-.
'Mon House, where particulars nay be had; and At the Unworn,
Stow ' • Whi a Hart, Chipping Norton and Morton in Marsh
Star, Oxford ; •Hop Pole, Worets er ; lel, and Hen an
Maims, Birmingbatn ' • irdne il s easi,Giouce,tir; al:
White Hart and Lion, Batb ; of Outwit Beals, tiolicior, Upton
is Severn; Anthony Watts, Esq. to, Synsuod'a-180, Claim :cry.
lime; at Gateway's, and nt Mr. Robns, Warelek.etree4.
Geldenwittare, where a Plea of the &tate may be eves, sod at'
Mr. Beak's. ;

'This day was puhli.lied, .
In Three Votu'mes, nee. closely printed, the Fourth Edition, catty
an addidon of more than 140 species, price AIL 16a. boards,
ANIMAL BIOGRAPHY, or POPULAR
ZOQLOGY ; comprising authentic Anecdotes of the
Economy, Habits of Life, Instincts, and Sagacity of the Animal
Creation, including Quadruped., Birds, Reptiles. Serpents,
Fishes, Insects, and Warms. Arranged according to the system
of Linnaus. By the Rev. W. BINGLEY, A.M.
Fellow of the Linnzan Society, cite. &e.
" The bbeur of nearly two years, and the careful inspection
of almost One thousand volumes, are solid proofs 9f the compiler's
diligence and perseverance. From the perusal if these anecdotes
the young of both sexes may reap much- entertainment and in-
str;s ction, without encountering a single pa•sage which can alarm
the modesty or wound those feelings which constitute the orsa. ! BRITISH PAINT MANUFACTORY,
meet and comfort of our condition."—Monthly Review. 62, Jr-STaltaT, Curative.
London ; Printed for F. C. and J. Rivington; Longman I OHEAP,DU BLE, and IMPkNETRABLE.
Hurst, Rees, One*, and Co.; 1. Walker, Dalton and Co. %.../ PAINTS, grossed in Linseed Oil, for Park P.ling, Fencer,
Law, E. Jassy, R. Scholey, 3. Booker, Sherwood and Co. Tiles, Slates, Stuccoed Fronts, Out•buildinp, and Weathet•
Cradock and ley, Gale and Co. and T. amilton. boarding, of every description.
Invisible Green, per cwr. 565. Yellow, Bluth, White,
Dark Olive Green, 70s. Stone, and Lead Ce.
Bright Olive Green, 112 s. lours, each, per cwt. See. •
Blue . soil. Tours,
• -40 e.
Chocolate, -50 s.
Prepared Oil, to thin the above for Use, ss. 6d. per Gall.
Genuine Ground White Genuine Sperm 011, per
Lead, per cwt. 569.• Gal. - es, id
Turpentine, per gall. 12s. Pak Seal Oil,
Belled Oil, - - fr. Pale Whale . . 416
Linseed Oe', - Ss. ed. Common Oil, . 9d.
N. B. The Impenetrable Paints are very oestanaental, peens,
great durability, and are II cure for the Worm and Dry jump..
They are peculiarly adapted foi work exposed to the elfects•of
weather, and may also be applied with advantage to the roma
purposes of UWel In-door Palling, as theidry very quick, are •
bandanna, in appearance, and An mad in the manner of other
rants.- . r• • •• • . .
• GbORGE UPTON.and C0;611 onlieslouniarn, Newt.
weer; 41, London-wall; and Kennet's Wheat, Dells's itrpttch,
Tar, kola, dm Ice.

TO BE LET FURNISHED,
And entered upon at Michaelmas nest,
rrIFIURGA.RTON PRIORY, in the County of
Nottingham, together with 4s Acres of remarkably rich
Grace Laud, in the centre of which the Horne Is pleasantly
sit. ated, surrounded with Shrubberies laid out with taste. Ari
excellent walled Garden and Grapery, &c. The House contains
on the ground Boor a Dininvrouzu 93 feet by 24 feet, a Drawing-
room and Study of good dimensions, over the Dining-room, a
Breakfast-roots the same size, excellent Bed-rooms, Dressing-
Rooms, &c. and good 0111ces, Stabling-for twelve Hones, and
Coach-house. Tkargarton Priory With good roads is three mites
from Soutkwell, a good market town, ten from Nottingham, and
ten from Newark, 134 from London; in the centre of Mr.
Chaworth's Hubt, and within reach of the Mekon, Belvoir, and
Mr. Lumley Saviles Foxhounds. The Tenant will have the Right
of Shoodng twee an evasive Maier well stocked with Game.
Rent
Df
andlitrt_her liqtictalara to be learned efldissrs. Bickerell
and spedding, lacitin's Ink-fields, London ; and of Win. Stnish,
Esq. Southwell; and John 'kettle, hog. "Ilitigatton.

. , ....

I

,


RIISSIA.

A St. Petersburgh Paper of the 21st of July, called
the Rut:lin:lnvalid, after alluding to a former article,
in which it detailed the unprincipled attack of the
French on the volunteer corps of Lutzow, states the
following as reasons why Bonaparte must be expect-
ed to carry on uninterrupted war as long as he lives:
66 It is previously necessary that we should lay be-
fore such persons as have not yet convinced them.
selves, that Napoleon must carry on an ilninterrufted
war, the reasons why he is obliged to act thus.
46 Out of the convulsive movements of a phrensied
revolution, amidst the madness of anarchy, and out
of the victories obtained under the colours of the
self-styled republic, a foreigner (Napoleon) arose in
France, and contrived to avail himself of all the
vices and enthusiasin which had been excited in that
country. When at last he assumed the loftiest title,
placed the imperial crown upon his head, and ex-
tended his influence over the whole of the European
Continent, the following were the principles of policy
by which he was actuated :-Ist, That his political
existence could not be conciliated with the indepen-
dence of any Power either in Europe, or in any other
part of the world connected with it : That in the
annihilation of all the old reigning families, the dis-
eollition of all the greater Powers, and the slavery
of all nations, were alone to be tonnd the means of
maintaining his power;—that, in short, he bad no
other system big that of the subversion of the world,
slight retrospect of his actions will confirm
what we have said, 'Notwithstanding Spain had
adopted the policy of- the present French Cabinet,
yet immediately after the peace of Tilsit, Bonaparte
fell upon that kingdom which had given him its sops
and its gold, and converted it into mdesart, where
etreamp of blood and moulderingburngn hopes cover
atrocious crimes, at which posterity will look back
with horror. His want of faith and vindictive jea-
lousy were displayed in the case of Holland, of which
he had given the municipal administration to his own
brother. He nevertheless struck it out of the list of
States, tauntingly deilaring it unworthy to form a
nation. In Lombardy he erected a republic, and
only four years afterwards• converted it into a king-
dom. Naples he first gave to his brother, and then
to his brother.in-law. _ Rome was seized, given up,
and seized again, At first he declared the Rhine to
be the natural boundary of France ; but subjected
' almost all Germany to his yoke—swallowed up Prus-
sia—next talked of the Baltic being the boundary of
his empire—and last of all, threatened to banish us
Russians into Asia*. All legitimate sovereigns,
wiease policy, was indissoluble union, he sought to
disunite, that he might subject them one by one ;
and when their States were suffering under priva-
tions, he jeeringly observed, 66 it is 01 for your wel-
fare : it is necessary to obtain the liberty of the
seas."—Fipally, to accomplish the dissolution of all
States, he handed to them the insidiously poisoned
chalice (the continental, Sykem), by which be him-
'self lost nothing, since, by means of €20,000 licences
annually issued, he notoriously carried on commerce
with England. Thus he filled his own coffers, while
he aimed. at the ruin of public resources in Peters-
burgh, Stockholm, Berlin, and Vienna, because the
diminution of what constitutes the strength of States
was to him a necessary means his paving the way
for that robbery which was the ultimate object of his
policy. From the tfagments of those Powers, was
he to forge the weapons with which he hoped to
subjugate Britain, and to fill up the ditch which se-
parates France from England with the dead bodies
of such nations as had hitherto escaped the gene-
t* ruin.
16 But how does he go to work in these wars of his,
or rather in this extermination of the human race ?
Ile se, ks to unite nations the most distinct—in one I
way at least—namely, in misfortune and dishonour :
without any consideration of diversity of habits or
customs, he impi.seson them the uniformity of his
code of laws ; hp quenches in thzir hearts the feel-
ings of sacred attachment to the country that reared
them, robs them of their native language, deprives
diem of their national denomination ; and having
putt-arins into the hands of a Dart of those whom he
has subjected,Jie invites their; by the plunder of their
own brethren, to subjttgate the re;t. That it should
r, is requisite for his maintenance of power; the
domination of France must, in his mind, either be
universal, or she falls back into herself, Spanizrds,
Italians, Germans, Poles,, Russians, Swedes, Hunga.
.
rians, all must acknowedge only him, only one
leader ;—or otherwise, this Chief, with his Babel,
must tumble into the bottomless pit !—MI clistiric7l
;ions between nations, created by nature or by insti-
tutions, must give way, otherwise his whole edifice
falls to pieces. The individual anchthe circumstances
to which this edifice owes its existence, must be in a
state of restless activity—must conquer with unin-
terrupted good fortune,—otheryvise the instruments
which are to-day employed in its erection, may to-
morrow- operate in its destruction. From Pole to
role the people of thiS eaith must be perpetually en-
gaged in destroying each other, and must calmly eur
idure the pi ide, the contempt, the- robberies, and tbe
injuries, of an arrogant tyrant I
66 And, besides, when not a single promise of
Ijonapatte's can be mentioned, by which those who
trusted to it have not been deceived 'and betrayed—
when not one Prince, kingdom, republic, or people
can be named, that has opt either been the sacrifice
of his talib•hood and tyranny, or has at least been se-
• lccted for that putpose—when, in short, millions of
men through him have been slaughtered—and since
the whole system of his power Ind policy is raised
on injustice and cruelty of all kinds ; surely it must
be quite manifest, that whoever expects from him
any thing but the reverse of rectitude, must either be
blind with his eyes open, or will see nothing.
66 Even in Bonaparte's letter to the Commander-
in•Chiet of the Allied Armies, and in the General
Older" which he issued to his army, there reigns the
accustomed insolence, that total want of dignity,
which leaves this hero of the revolution, in spite of
all his crowns and titles, so far behind all legitimate
Princes. in this, according to the expression of a late
public writer, we gratefully discern the goodness of

• 1 hough this design, which actuated bins in his invasion
of kt nuns, I,as born so satiety halfivil, pt wi► are tint to suppost
that ha ,bas given it up. • .

1


Pnovtozecx, which, while it employed s rabbi") far
the chastisement of kings and nations, still denied
him that dignity which characterises a sovereign,
that the deluded human race, when it bee expiated
its faults, may still find in. him the traces of *van-
tion, which so much zaini are taken to efface.
66 Were we, in conclusion, to be asked, how a.
people are to be saved from the rage and cunning of
such a robber ? we should nbt turn to those nations,
Who, after the experience ofso many years, forget
the injuries that have been done to them ;—but to
you, sorts of Russia, who never suffered yourselves
to be deceived by the smooth words of the enemy,
nor shrunk under his might.—Remain firm in that
union, which 1-leanx and earth has formed—walk,
as your ancestors ever did, in the light of your holy'
religion, and you will always distinguish truth from
lies. Consider, as they did, the country as one great
family, of which your Monarch is the father, and you
arc the children : be constant in your distinguisbed
love to your father and native land. NoW for them
does the heart of the Russian beat high—now for
them does lie grasp,kis 'arms—and even should the
world be turned upside down, still even amidst its
fragments, by means of your recorded national
unauitnity, would you stand victorious, happy, and
great l"

N4MORGH

FROU 781 JOURNAL DES BOUCHES DR L'ELOR OF AUO. 10.

" Baths at Toil+Btu, July 2Q.

ll
44 Scarcely have. I arrived at the Baths, where I
have come to endeavour to re-establish my health,
and already do you, my friend, overwhelm me with
questions. Although near the town where the Pleni-
potentiaries from the Continental Powers are assem-
bling, I cannot, any more than you, foresee the re-
sult of that Assembly, which appears to have to r 4.
gulate the destiny of the world. In the abseqce of
positive facts, public curiosity is exercised on con*,
tures. The secret intentions of Courts is attempted
to be discovered in the choice of their Representa-
tives ; their private lives, their moral lives, are scru.
tinized ; in their known characters they look for the
proof of thegood intentions of their Governments.

" If the Emperor of France had not already proved
his high magnanimity in arresting the car of victory,
the choice which he has made in the puke of Vicenee
aad Count de Narbonne, would be an unequivocal
proof of his wishes for a general pacification. These
Plenipotentiaries are invested either with the first em-
ployments in the State, or the internate confidence
of their Master ; thus ranks their moral qualities,
guarantees to France the care which they will take
to suppprt the dignity of their Sovereign, and the
noble efforts they will, in his name, make to ensure
the repose of the world.

66 Austria honours herself and is honoured by the
Belligerent rowers by the choice of her Ambassadors
at the Congress. To the respect due to the well
known intention of her Government is joined that of
their illusu ;cps names,

._ .
4"lhe King of Prussia has chosen his Plenipoten-
tiaries from among his Statesmen.
44 The long delay which Russia employed in her
choice, seemed to be justifiLd by the importance of
the mcn to be chosen. The annals of Russia also
afford glorious names. The title of Plenipotentiary
to a Congress, the results of which must affect the
most distant posterity, could and would have flattered
the pride of the ancient Russian families-,-this honour
has devolved upon strangers. It is asked—it is wish-
ed to be known, if the Russian Plenipotentiary d'An.
sletton is the same d'Ansletton, born at Strasburgh,
whose father was a clerk in the Intendancy of Al-
sace ? It may be recollected, that some ordinary
talents procured for this individual .he situation of a
copying clerk in the Russian Office of Legation at
Vienna 1 that rising rapidly by his assiduity, count 1
Razumowsky made him Secretary of Legation; that
he became the secret intermediary of the English
Ambassador Adair ; that he understood how to
skilfully avail himself of English influence and Rus-
sian power ; that he received on different occasions
considerable sums; but alway beyond measure, either
to meet his salary, or from that tear which emigrants
ever have, of not appearing sufficiently ungrateful
to that country which they have betrayed, he chewed
himself indifferent to the true interests of Russia, and
little justified the goodness of his new Sovereign.
" The political combinations of Cabinets are some.
times founded upon motives which it would be nei-
ther usefpl or honourable to fathom; but princes are
all pledged together for the integrity of Royal Ma-
jesty. ft is debasing it in delegating its representa-
tion to individuals whom public opinion condemns,
or does not esteem. Few foreigners in France have
been called to the 'whi of public affairs • national
pride repels them, and the State is but ;he better
served for it. What can be expected from him who
errs no country ? Pesides, my friend, here, as else-
where, we are all convinded that the high destinies
of France are independent of men, they are guaran-
•teed by the genius of its Emperor, What a noble
and solid basis !"‘

IMERICAN PAPERS,
. ..

XXPVIII.IC OF MEXICO.
The -following ii a hasty translation of the prind;
pal parts of the Declaration of Independence by the
!Province of Texas, a member of the great Mexican
Republic. It was proclaimed on the tie of April,'
in the city of San Antonio do Behar, when a provi.
sional form of Government was adopted. The fall
of San Antonio may be considered as having decided
the fate of that countr/.owlt is understood that great
numbers are flocking all quarters to the Revo-
lutionary Standard.
44 We, the People of the Province of Texast call-
ing upon the SUMMAR itmcit of the UNivense to
s lure's the rectitude of our, intentions, &elate, that
the ties which phieed us under the domination of
Spain and Europe are for ever demolished ; that we
possess the right to establish a Government for our.;
selves ; and that in future all legitimate authority
shall emanate from the People, to whom alone it
rightfully belongs; and that henceforth all allegiance'
or subjection to any Foreign Power whatever, is en-
tirely renounced.
4, A relation of the causes which have conduced
to render this step necessary, is due to our dignity,
and to the opinion of the world. A long series of
occurrences, originating in the weakness and corrup-
t tiOn of the Spanish Rulers, has converted that coun-
try into the theatre of a sanguinary war between two
' contending parties, itself destined to be the prize of
the victor ; and the miserable wreck of its Govern-
ment in possession of others, it appears to have lost t
the substance, and almost the form of Sovereignty.
Unable to defend itself in the Peninsula, much less
to protect its distant colonies, those colonies are aban-
doned to the caprice of wicked men, where there
exists no-power to which they may be made respon-
sible for the.abuse of their authority, or for the gains t
of their rapacity. Self.preserva:ion, the highest law '
of nature, if no itther motive would have justified this
step, wduld have vinkkated our conduct ; but, icicle.;
pendent of this necessity, ypti candidly will acknow-
ledge, that we have cause sufficient in the suffering
and oppression which we have so long endured.
[Alter some further details, in which the destruc-
tiou of their trade is exppsed, the inspument co}y
eludes in these terms]:
4' The Spanish colonies of South America have long
since declared their independence, and the United
States prove to us, by the experience of thirty years,
that such a separation may be attended with national
and individnal,prosperity.
We conceive it a duty we owe, as well to our-
selves as to our posterity, to use the moment which;
now offers itself to sh.tke off the yoke of European
domination, and to labour in the cause of the inde-
pendence of Mexico—taking the authority into. our
own hands, framing laws, and placing the Govern-
ment ot our country upon a firm and sure basis, and
by theie means assuming the rank which belongs to tts
among the nations of the world."
Ricassowp AGAIN TRANQUIL.—We are happy to
state, for the information of pur country readers, that
Richmond is perfectly, tranquil again. From. the
force already collected, and constantly increasing, at
the camp below, and from the martial activity ot our
citizens, whose morning and evening training still
goes on, the idea of a hostile visit no longer alarms
us. Our volunteer companies are full to (NEI flowing,
and no where can by seen filer looking corps than the
cavalry, artillery, and rifle of Richmond. The Bri.
tish outrages at Hampton have fired every heart with
indignation, and nerved every arm with strength.—
Let the invader now approach, and he will meet with
the fate he deserves !

THE EVENING STAR.
