WA GOYARNmENT GAZETTE.

BATAVIA, JULY 16, ISIS.
011.14ERAL ORDSKS BY GOVIANNENT.
" Batavia, July IS, 1814.
" Official Reports of theproceedings of the force
embarked for the Eastward, under the personal corn.
mind of Major-General Nightingall, Commander of
the Forces, having been received, the Honourable the
Lieutenant-Governor in Council has much satisfac-
tion in giving publicity to the following dispatch
from the Major-General, detailing the operations of
the forces at Macassar.

" The Lieutenant-Governor in Council congratu-
lates Major-General Nightingall on the successful ac-
complishment of all the objects of the.expedition, and
requests that he will accept his cordial acknowledg-
ments for the judicious and effectual measures adop-
ted daring its progress.
44 ACtlidi liostiliti;:s were happily averted at Bali,
by the timely submission of the Chiefs ; and notwith-
standing it became indispensable that recourse should
be had to them at Macassar, it is highly satisfactory
to reflect that the loss sustained on the part of the
British troops has been comparatively trifling, when
contrasted with the important objects attained. The
result reflects as much credit on the eminent skill and
judgment of the Commander as on the discipline and
bravery of the troops.
41 A deep and lasting impression has been made
on the inhabitants of the more Eastern isles, and the
power, moderation, and the justice of the British na-
tion has been- fully displayed throughout. .
64 The restless and ambitious disposition of the na-
tive Chieftains of Glebechad ling been a source of
annoyance and trouble to the former Government of
this colony. The recent conduct of the Rajah of
Boni, at once hostile and insulting, demanded an ex-
ample: that example has been made. And in the
subsequent arrangements which Lave been adopted,
the tranquillity of the country has been secured, while
a happy reconciliation between ape contending houses'
-has enabled the Major-General to reasstablish• as 6.!
ficient administration for the country, on principle's
at once conciliatory to the people and satisfactory to
Government.

46 The Lieutenant-Governor in Council requests
the Commander of the Forces will communicate to
Lieutenant-Colonel M'Leod the high sense which hr
entertains of his merits and services on the present
occasion. That gallant and distinguished officer has
added another and a strong claim to the many claims
which he before possessed to the acknowledgments
and admiration of this Government and of his coun-
try. To the other officers who so partiettlaily distin-
guished themselves on the occasion, and to whose
merits the Major-General has paid so just a tribute,
the Lieutenant-Governor in Council requests that his
acknowledgments may be also conveyed in a parti
cular manner, and to the officers and meu generally
who Were embarked on the expedition. He is &st-
rolls that the sentiments of approbation and admira-
tion of their conduct which are entertained by this
Government be made known to them.

" The honourable mention made by the Comman-
der of the Forces of the valuable services of Captain
Phillips, Resident of Macassar, both previous to the
arrival of the force and subsequently, demands the
particular notice of the Lieutenant• Governor in Coun-
cil ; and he will pet form a pleasing duty in commu-
nicating to the superior authorities the high sense
which is entertained of that Officer's distinguished
conduct.

" The Lieutenant-Governor in Council also enter.
tains a just sense of the valuable assistance afforded
by Mr. CrawfUrd, and requests that gentleman to
accept his thanks for the uniform zeal and ability dis-
played by him cn this, as wcll as on every other oc-
casion, on which the public service has required his
active exertion.

" In publishing the sentiments of this Government,
the Lieutenant-Governor in Council feels confident
that he only anticipates those which will be felt by the
higher authorities.
" It will be a grateful office for him to communi-
cate the details of the operations, :As furnished by the
Major-General, for the information of the Supreme
Government, and to bear testimony to the essential
services rendered to these Colonies, and to humanity
in general, by the soldier-like conduct of the troops
which leave been selected for this service.—By order
of the Hon. the Lieutenant-Governor in Council,

(Stgned) 64 J. DUPUY,
" Acting Secretary to Government."
Head-quarters, }Olt Rotterdam, Jane 8. 1814.
TO THIS 110 N. 7'. S. RAFFLas, /iSq. LIEUTIDIANT-DOVER-
NOR IN COUNCIL, &C. &C. &C.

" Honourable Sir—My letter of the 4th instant will
have.informed you of my proceedings up to that date.,
and as no other vessels (except the Nautilus) appear-
ed in sight on the 6th instant, I deemed it advisable
to make the intended communication to the Rajah of
Boni, on that evening.
" A letter was accordingly prepared (a copy of
which accompanies my separate letter in the Political
Department) enumerating some of the principal in-
sults and acu of hoitility committed by the Rajah
against the *hi* Government, and demanding im-

64 His Highness not complying with my request.
and having made every preparation foi resistance, I
resolved to attack hint at day-light next mor
The column was accordingly formed at half-past
four A.M. on the 7th instant, consisting of the light
battalion commanded by Captain C imeron, of his
Majesty's 78th regiment, his Majesty's 59th regiment
by Lieutenant-Colonel Macgregor, and th.: detach-
' went of Bengal Volunteers under Lieutenant Witt-
son, with one 51 inch howitzer and one 6-:io ludas
under Lieutenant Farrington, of the Bengal Artil-
lery, the whole under the immediate command of
Lieuterant-Colonel Mack of the 59th regilient ;
a reserve was formed by a detachment of his Islajnty's
59th regiment and the Amboynese corps, with one
6-pounder, under Captain Fuller, of his Majesty's
59th regiment.
e• Tile time granted to the Rajah having expired,
I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Macllod to assault the
town and palace as soon AS day dawned, and I have the
pleasure to inform ru th at nil the ban ers were car-
ried successively, in the most gallant styli, though
not without some loss on our side, and the w tale
town and residence of the ituj •Ii were in the posses-
stun of our troops in hick more than an hour from
the commencement of the attack, his Highness having
with difficulty escaped by night, attended only by a
few followers.
A body of the enemy, concealed by some houses
at the entrance of the town, were passed unobserved
by the column, and opened a fire on the rear section of
the Bengal Volunteers', which suffered severely ; I
immediately ordered up part of the reserve under
Captain Fuller. who kept the enemy in check, and
the success of the advancing cquam soon put in enil
to all further resistance. • Y

' 44 I have not been able to form an Minute of the
loss of the enemy in aare assault, but it WAS WOW*
great, it being the invariable custom of the country'
to carry off the killed as weU as the wounded. I have
no doubt they lost considerably, and three of their
principal Rajahs were known .to be wounded, eoe,
Crain SAleewater Cheta,• since dead.
" The residence of the Rajah being'his principsd
depot, a great quantity of powdcr fell into our halide
as well as five pieces of cannon of small calibre, so.
veral stand of colours, and arms of all descriptions:
deeming it, however, essential, ter the s tke of
ple, to punish the R4j.h wi•li the utmost severity,
for the numeroits'insui,s he h 4.! otfrred to the British
authority, 1 ordered la. res dence to be barited, and
it was entirely con:.imi-d, t,,gc her with all the pro.
perty it contained, which, I nelieve, liowever, was of
trifling value.
" I have not been able to ascertain the exact
strength of the enemy on this occasi,.n, but t!ir lowest
estimate makes them swum to near :Bobo men.

" It is not posohle to do justice to the admirable
manner in which the column was led to the omit by
Lieutenant-Colonel Macleod, the services of tits able
:old distinguished officer have always been me-
ritoriuus, but never more couspicuous than on; t se
present occasion ; nor can I orbit to draw yoar a.o.ii-
tion to the zeal and gallantry so eminently di :pt iyed
by Lieutenant-Colonel Macgregor, Captai r C rsieroo,
and Lieutenant Watsmi, in the command ot their re-
spective corps, as well as by all the officers and nren
in this very Ilan home affair. It is peraps sufficient .
to say they proved themselves worthy the name of
British soldiers, and the impression which their curt-
duct has made on my mind will be best conve)'ed to
you by te General After Order issued on the occa-
sion, a copy of which. I have the honour to enclose
for your information, together with a return of killed
and wounded, which, considering the nature of die
attack, the numbers and state of preparation of the
enemy, has not been considerable, tior have Ito re-
gret the loss of a single officer belonging to the troops
—the only officer wounded being Mr. ‘Vhite, second
officer of the Fleetwood, who received a severe wotuld
in the shoulder, and I beg leave to recommend him
in the strongest manner to the favourable considera-
tion of Government. He volunteeted, together with
Mr. PriTham, third o:licer of the James Drunrriond,
and a detacluin of Lascars front each assist
in bringing up the artillery, and t',ey b rr. extrted
themselves in a manner highly creditable anj praise-
worthy. I was al ,o gratified with the spirited and volun-
tary services of about lOU slaves, beloogiag to diff:r-
ent gentlemen at Macassar, syllo dragged the huoit-
zer at the head of the column C.rough every difficulty
undaunted by the tire of the enemy.
" I cannot conclude o ithout expressing my warm-
est approbatioa of the able and meiitorious con-
duct of Captain Phillips, the resident at Macassar,
( who volunteered his services in the attack as an Aide.
de Camp to Lieutenant-Colonel NI, Lecrsl). His gimp.
tion previous to my arrival was erre:ll4y arduous
and critical, and (owing to his v:ryismall force) Pc-
quired the utmost firnine:.s and ability' to maintain
the honour and digoity of the British Government,
which lam happy to add has never for a moment bee*
!compromised, and since my arrival he hss been
the greatest service, nor have I tailed to profit by his
valuable advice and extensive local khowledge, which
have contributed so essentially to the success of the
measures which 1 have been compelled to adopt for
the maintenance of the British authority and supre•
many on Celebes.
" It is likewise but justice to state, that Captain
Phillips has derived very great assistance from Lieu.
tenant Phillips, the As,istant Resident, and also trona
Lieutenant Jackson, of the Commissar iat Department,
they have both been cootidentially employed in many
vases of great emergency, and have proved them.

0

selves entirely worthy of the confidence which
Uniformly been placed in them. • -
44 lam much indebted to all the heads of depa
MOMS and the Officers of the General. Staff,, foryt
able assistance they base afforded me upon every,
occasion, particularly to Lieutenant-Colonel Sullivan.
and Major Butler, the Deputy Quarter-Master, and,
Deputy Adjutant• General, whose services at Bali,
and on this occasion, have been conspicuous; and
Lieutenant-Colonel M,Lend has reported in the
strongest wins his entire approbation of the con3uct
of Brigade-Major Hanson, attached during this ser-
vice to his personal Staff.
46 Li euten ant Mackenzie, acting chief engineer,
and Lieutenant Farrington, in command of the Ben-
gal Annie, y, have likewise distinguished themselves,
and the whole of my personal Staff, in which I in.
dude Captain Tucker, the Deputy Paymaster. Gen-
eral, (who has uniformly acted as one of my Aides-1
de•Catup), have in this and every other occasion
rendered me the most active and zealous assistance,
and justly entitled themselves to ray warmest appro-
bation and praise.
66 Mr. Crawfurd, who accompanied
.me on this
service as an assistant in the Political Department,
has likewise (from his great knowledge of the native
languages) been of the greatest service, and I am
much obliged to him for the zealous tasistance he
afforded on every occasion.
64 I have the honour to be, ricn. Sir, your most
obedient servant, • (Signed)
66 M. Ilionmoma.,'Majdi-General.
(A true Copy) 44 J. Decay,
Acting Secretary to Government."
GENERAL AFTER ORDERS, •BY THt COMMANDER OF
THE FORCES.

" Head-quarters, Fort Rotterdam, June 7.
44 The Commander of the Forces congratulates
the troops on the success of the assault, which took
place at day-light this morning, on the town and re-
sidence of the Rajah of Boni.
46 The rapid advance through the several barriers,
and the gallantry displayed by every officer and sol-
dier in the attack, is highly creditable, and is an ad.
ditional proof that nothing can withstand the disci.
Aline and bravery of British troops, when led on by
distinguished officeis.
46 To Lieutenant-Colonel M'Leod, who command.
ed and led the column, the M ijor-General is parti-
cularly indebted, not only tor his able and officer-like
conduct during the action, but also for the valuable
advice and friendly assistance which he has so hand.
somely aff:rded throughout this service, and which
the Major-General will ever recollect with the utmost
satisfaction.
44 The conduct of every officer engaged has been so
eminently conspicuous, that it is impossible to parti-
cularise any individual by name. •
64 The gallant and spirited manner, however, in
which his Majesty's 59th regimen:, the light batta-
lion, and the detachment of the Bengal volunteer
battalion were lid into action by Lieutenant-Colonel
M'Gregor, of his Majesty's 59th regiment, Captain
Cam,ron, of the 78.11 regiment, and Lieutenant Wat-
son, of the Gth Volunteer battalion, is so highly cre-
ditable to those ofir:ers as to call forth the particular
approbation of the Commander of the Forces ; and
he has likewise much pleasure in noticing the very
favourable report which be has received trims
tenant-Colonel M.L.eod, of the very able assistance
he derived from Lieutenant M'Kenzie, Acting Chief
Engineer, who volunteered to assist in pointing out
the route by which the column advanced to the poiot
of attack.
44 The lieutenant-Colonel has also drawn the at-
tention of the Commander of the Forces to the exer-
tion; of Lieutenant:Farrington, the senior Officer of
the Benga A.r:iller y ; the able and well-directed fire,
which that Officer kept up from the howitzer at the
head of the column, contributed essentially to the
speedy success of the attack, and merits particular
notice ; nor can the Major-General omit to record
his entire approbation of the conduct of Captain
Full. r, of the 591.11 regiment, in command of the
reserve, who, by his judicious and spirited conduct,
checked the advance of a party which had got into
the rear of the column.
44 The General, Personal, and Brigade Staff, are
likewise entitled to the Major-General's thanks, for
the assistance they uniformly afforded upon this and
every other occasion.
The Commander of the Forces cannot conclude
without mentioning in terms of the highest approba-
tion and praise, the valuable services of Captain
Philiips, resident of Macassar; on the attack of the
town, he very handsomely volunteered his services
as an Aide-de-Camp to Lieutenant-Colonel MoLeod,
who has mentioned the great benefit he derived from
his zealous exertions and advice.
(Signed) 46 RICHARD BUTLER,
Deputy Adjutant-General.
(A true Copy) 64 J. DOPUY,
Acting-Sec. to Government."

PUBLICATION.

dg The Honourable the Lieutenant-Governor in
Council, having been under the necessity of resorting
to measures of hostility against the Rajah of Boni,
which have terminated in his deposition from the
{authority he held on Celebes, is pleased to direct that
the following copy of a letter addressed to that Chief-
tain by Major-General Nightingall, Commander of
the Forces, and containing the which de-
manded the intcrfereace of Government, be published
for general information, and translated into.the dare.
rent native languages, together with an extract of
that part of the M.ijor-Geaeral's dispatch, this day
published in General Orders, which details the parti-
clam nerd result of the attack that became necessary
consequence of the Rajah's declining to make the
concessions required."
Lama 711(411 MAJOR qmizaar. NIGHTINOAI.L TO HIS
• BIOUNZNI TES RAJAH 01 BONI.

64 I have the honour to announce to your High.
lies* soy arrivAl at hiacassAr, with an armed force,
which the recent sentiments tvinced by your Higltness
have rendered necessary to the s.tfety of the British
iettlements on Celebes.
44 When after the conquest of Java, the late ten'.
fifties of the Dutch nation were taken possession of by
.the British, the state Rf)3,,ni agreed to Abide by all
the stipulations of the Treaty of Bongaye; and your
Highness's conduct for a length of time bore testi.
slopy to the sincerity of your unceasing' profession;
of frienAship and good swill.
M Very different has been the conduct lately form-

ed by your Highness-..the spirit of your Highness's`'
engagements with •the.. European Power has been
,ficsgotten.
" Your Highness assumes a tone not only unfriend-
ly, but hostile, evinced upon such a variety of occa-
sums, that it were too tedious to enumerate all of them.
" There an many proofs existing of. your High-
ness's hostile sentiments to the English Government,
contained in the communications made by your emis-
saries and various native Chiefs, vilifying the cha-
racter of the English nation, and in the el& ts made
by your Highness to prevent a faithful ally of the
Government from making his appearance at Fort
Rotterdam. Butl will confine myself to a detail of
some of the positive acts of your Highness, the inimi-
cal complexion of which are beyond all question.
44 When in a state of peace, inhabiting a part of
the town belonging to Government, you surrounded
your division of it with a defence of such a nature,
,as could only be useful is war. You employed your-
self assiduously and unceasingly for several months
in making arms of all kinds.
" Your Highness has acknowledged Arong Mampo
as Rajah of Goa, in direct violation of your solemn
promise given to Government—an engagement, it
must be remarked, on the faith of which alone your
Highness was confirmed on the throne of Boni.
" Your Highness has gone further,your Highness
has delivered to Arong Mampo, apart of the regalia
of the house of Goa, for the,reeetvation of which in
your Highness's hands, until the Government should
have decided how they would dispose of them, your
Highness's honour stood pledged to Government in
the 8103 t sacred manner.

" With reference to these last two articles, it is pro-
per to remark, that the consequence has been that a
war has been carried on close up to the walls of Fort
Rotterdam, which your Highness declined assisting
Government to put an end to, and which could not
be quelled by such a small force, as, upon an implicit
reliance on your attachment, Government had deem•
ed sufficient for 11Licassar.

“ Your Highness's interference in the affairs of
Macassar has extended toTello, which your Highness
has asserted to belong to to Boni, although it was con-
quered by the Dutch, and remained in their posses-
sion until our arrival, in proof of which your High-
ness is aware that the regalia of that state are at the
present moment in the hands of Government.
•6 Your Highness's confidential officer, the Jerang
Maros, at the time your Highness appeared to be
well disposed towards the British Government, on
an occasion of some dispute wits the Company's Re-
gents, about the right to certain Paddy Fields, went
with an armed force of 1000 men, and cultivated the
fields, without reference to the local British authority,
and in an undoubted spirit of defiance and contempt
of Government.

" The same Jerang Maros attempted to attack or
intimidate the Resident of Maros, stopping him on
the road pith a considerable body of people, who
drew their spears and crisses, and this at moment
when your Highness's professions of regard and
esteem for the British Government were unbounded.
" The rude and overbearing conduct of your
Highness's subjects upon all occasions to the inhabi-
tants of this town and the dependant districts, with
the attempt to assassinate Mr. Widmer, and the mur-
der of the interpreters can only be attributed to the
declared animosity of. your Highness to the British
Government.

• Your Highness has claimed a right to
ster jointly with the British authority, the British ter-
ritory, and British subjects : a pretension too mon-
strous to 1),: liAened to, and ii.compatible with the in-
dependence, or tvcn the existence of any independent
Government.

" To point out to your Highness how directly this
claim is at variance with the real footing on which
your Highness stood with the Dutch Government,
and to be continued, on which was the extent of your
Highness's desire on the fall of Macassar, I will here
quote a part of the Coronation Oath of the Kings of
Boni, which seems to have entirely escaped your
Highness's recollection.
a The Rajah of Boni on behalf of himself and the Govern-
ment of Boni, hereby publicly declares, in like manner as his an-
cestors did before him, in supplication and sincerity, that, after
the ALM IGIIT T, it is to the Company the people of Boni owe
their emancipation from slavery. and their present freedom and
prosperity ; that it is to the Company they owe, not only that the
.1 I. MIGII ry has bestowed upon them maintenance and security,
but that their very heads remain on their bodies. For these rea-
sons the Rajah, the Nobles, and the people of Buni, their chil-
dren, and their grand-children, will never lose the remembrance
of the goodness of the Company, but receive it as a cup of
mercy, while the sun and moon shall continue to illumine the
Heavens."
44 The last acts of your Highness, which I will
now mention, are your abrupt and total stop to all
trade between the subjects of your Highness and those
of the British Government, and your unjust and ty-
rannical conduct towards the merchants of Wadjoo
(the soul of the commerce of Celebes) not only to the
total ruin of those peaceable and inoffensive people,
but to the injory of your Highness's own subjects,
and the incalculable loss of revenue to the British Go-
vernment.

66 The above series of unprovoked aggressions on'
the part of your Highness, at once incompatible with
the prosperityand security of both nations, and plainly
detrimental to the honour, the• just rights and inte-
rests of the British nation, compel me to require your
Highness's acquiescence with the following &guilds:

" t. Au explicit seknowleilgtnent of the British supremacy on
Celebes.

" 2. That the regalia of Macassar shall forthwith be delivered
Into nay hands on behalf of the British Government.
" 3. 'I hat your Highness shall engage not to interfere in the
affairs of Macassar' or any other State on the Island.
" 4. That your Highness shall forego all the pretensions you
have made to be the medium of introducing the other native
Princes of Celebes to the European An hority.
" 5. That your Highness shall not interfere with the merchants
of Wadjoe, or the freedom of their commercial enterprise.
" 6. I hat your Highness shall not permit any trading vessels
belonging to persons under your authority, to sail from the Island
of Ce.cbes without a pass from the British Resident on Celebes!,
or otl tir competent British aui hority.
" 7. •I kat your Highness shall engage to afford satisfaction to
the British Government fur the insults offered to it.

Upon your Highness'; acquiescence in the fore.
going demands, become indispensable to the honour
and safety of the British Government on Celebes, will
depend your Highness's restoration to the confidence
and protection of the British Government. It your
Highness accede; to the very moderate terms now
offered you, it will give me pleasure to think that thi
reiations of peace and amity will be restored between
the British nation and Boni.

I will, in the mean time, accept from your
Highness the surrender of the Regalia of Macassar,

as a pledge of the sincerity of yens' Highness's inten-
tions, and the returt of moderate and friendly views,
and the discussion of the satisfaction' required may
take place subsequently.
If the propoiais be rejected, it will only remain
for me to take the necessary steps to vindicate the
honour and dignity of the British nation, and to con-
vince the nations of Celebes that it is equally safe to
confide in its justice and moderation, as dangerous to
provoke its displeasure.
6‘ In conclusion, I inform your Highness, that I
expect the delivery of the Regalia of Macassar within
tea hours front the receipt of this letter, in failure of
which pledge of your Highness's intention to comply
with the general tenour of the other documents con-
tained in it, I must consider your Highness no longer
a friend to the British nation, and proceed immedi-
ately, although with the utmost reluctance, to take
such steps as are calculated to enforce a concession to
our just demands. (Signed) 66 J. Nixoi,
(A true Copy.) Military Sec."
" J. Dunn', Actin: Secretary to Government."

AFFAIRS OF IfORWAT.

FREDERICKSHALL, NOVEMBER 6.

The King of Sweden, Charles XIII. was elected
unanimously, and proclaimed King of Norway, the
day before yesterday, by the Diet, assembled. at
Christiania.
COPY OF A DISPATCH PROM THE KING9SCOMMISSIONERS,
DATED CHRISTIANIA, NOVEMBER 4, 1814.

Sta—We have at length the happiness of being
able to announce to your Royal Highness, that the
King has just been solemnly and unanimously pt:::-
claimed King of Norway. A deputation of the As-
sembly has this moment informed us of it, and we
are unwilling for a single instant to delay the com-
munication of this great news to your Royal High-
ness. The election was made by the apitel nominal.
A deputation of seven members is about to wait on
your Royal Highness, and will set out early to-mor-
row morning. We presume to hope for your Royal
Highness's speedy arrival.
" In praying your Royal Highness to receive gra-
ciously our humble felicitations upon this important
event, which sets the seal to your glory in assuring the
destiny of Sweden, we trust you will condescend to
accept with favour the first-fruits of our gratitude,
which we offer in the name of our fellow.citixens,
and of posterity.—We remain, &c. (Signed)

46 N. ROSEN BLAD, G. DE IV CTTERSTEDT,
44 B. VON STATEN, A. G. MORNER,
46 G. F. WIESEN, Go D. WALLERIUS,
66 ONC. V. ROSENSTEIN."
COPY OF A LETTER ADDRESSED BY THE NORWEGIAN
COUNCIL OF STATE TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE

PRINCE ROYAL, DATED CIfRISTIANIA, NOV. 4, 1814.
" Sir,—Pence Royal of Sweden and of Norway,
—Being just informed of the unanimous resolution of
the actual Diet of Norway to offer the crown of the
kingdom to his Majesty King Charles the Thirteenth,
and his lygitimate descendants, the undersigned hasten
to announce to your Royal Highness the issue of the
deliberations of the Diet, although a deputation from
the representatives of the nation will set out to-mor-
row, with the same object.
" In fulfilling this duty, we take the opportunity
of presenting our most humble homage to your Royal
Highness, the adopted son of the august master whom
the Norwegian nation has given us.
‘‘ The love of the public welfare, and the remem-
brance of a sacred promise, are the principles which
have guided the steps of the Council of State ; and
since the will of the nation has absolved us from our
anterior obligations, we shall make it our sacred duty
to merit the confidence of a government whose pater-
nal intentions are already so well known to us.
" it is with these sentiments that the Council of
,State ventures to beseech your Royal Highness to re-
ceive graciously the sincere assurances of the most re•
spectful submission with which we have the honour
to subscribe ourselves, your Royal Highness's most
humble, &c. &c. &c. (Signed)

" ROSENCRANTZ 66 AALS- -
" Z. COLLET 44 D. J. STSGERMANN."
66 SOMERHJELM
CHRISTIANIA, NOVEMBER IS.

COPY OF A LETTER WHICH THE NORWEGIAN COUNCIL OF
STATE WROTE TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS IMMEDIATELY

AFTER THE ELECTION :
44 Sia—His Highness the Prince Royal, accom-
panied by Prince Oscar, set out from Frederickshall
on the Bth inst. for Christiania. At Sooner, where
the line of demarkation passed, the. Norwegian regi-
ment of Sunnanfyall was under arms, and his Royal
Highness passed it in review. General Ahronfelt re-
ceived him half a league in advance of Miy;s. He
passed the night in that town.
6' Next day his Royal Highness continued his
journey. General Sejerstedt came to render his ho-
mage at halt a league from Christiania ; and Colonel
Hegerman, Chief of the Garrison, received the Prince
at the entrance of the capital, which was illuminated.
The MemSers of the Council of State, the President
of the Stntthing, the civil and military authorities,
were assembled at the Castle to receive his Royal
Highness.
On the 10th, the Prince repaired in state to tke
Hall of the Diet. His procession was composed of
the Counsellors of State, the Commissioners of the
King, the Generals present at Christiania, and the
officers of his suite. His Royal Highness delivered
a speech to the Assembly, which is annexed hereto,
and which was repeated by Prince Oscar in the Swe-
dish language. When this was finished, the Assembly
on the invitation of the President took the oath of
fidelity to the King, each with one hand uplifted.—
'Phis act was followed by his Royal Highness giving
to the President the declaration by which his Majesty
promises to govern the Norwegian nation according
to the laws. After which his Royal Highness lett
the Assembly, and returned to Christianta, accom-
panied as before.

44 His Royal Highness presided at a Sitting of the
Council of State on the 11th, when the members rook
the oath of fidelity to the King, and when his Ex-
cellency the Field Marshal Count d'Essen was in-
vested with the dignity of Stockholder ot the King-
dom of Norway.
lan the 13th a solemn Ti Dews was celebrated in
the cathedral church of Christiania, to return thai.ks
tor the union ot the two kingdoms, at which their
R.qyal Highnesses, with die King's Commissioners,
the civil and military authorities, and the whole body
of the Deputies to the Diet, assisted, Doctor Bech,
Bishop 9t Aggershups, in an tilorittent discourse, de-

'eloped the adslititigentialcir the t* nation' aright
to derive from their sisetri and•tabOrtiki the Norwe.
gian people to obedience and faelitg t 6 their new
Sovereign ; after which 'fierVead in on audible voice
from the pulpit, the prosituriation of his Majeity
the Norwegian nation, of which a translation in sub.
joined..;

• This day a proposition of the King concerning
the finances has been communicated to the Assembly.
It will terminate the 'ebony: of the actual Diet, which
will probably be dissolved on the 16th of next
month : two or three days after which his Royal
Highness will depart for Stockholm.
6, His Royal Highness has every reason to be sa.
tisfied with the good spirit that reigns among the in.
habitants of Christiania, and the Members of the
Diet ; it spreads itself further and further, to the ex-
tremities of the kingdom; and new hopes, srrenzth.
ened.hy the general satisfaction which the presence (,1!
the Prince produces, have already succeeded to slit
former prejudices which alone opposed the union
with Sweden.

The Swedish army has been on its march home.
wards for these two days. At Frederickshall, his
Royal Highness addressed a proclarna!ion (subjoined)
to his troops.

Accept the assurance of the high consideratha
with which I have the honour to be, &c. &c."

" We, CHARLIS, by the grace of Goo. Ring of Sweden, Nor.
way, of the Goths and Vandals, &e. Duke of Echlestirie
Stein, of Stormaric and Ditanarsen, Count of Oldenburtind
Delmenhorst, Ecc. To all our Subjects inhabiUng the Kievlast
of Norway!
•• We now perform a duty dear to our heart is icanslnUnit
you, that the National Diet of the iinedom of Norway* :Mug,
on the 4th ittat. unanimously acknowledged and elected
stitutional King of Norway, we yesterday, .by the haellonf bur
well-beloved son, Charles John, Crown Pricce of Swell" /Led
Norway, and Generalissimo of the sea and land Bites of Awls
kimedonis, deposited with the Diet oar oath to•govein'the Lyng.
dont of Norway according to its constitution aid 'lit Mk; en 4
received ti.e oath of the Diet to us and to the eortatituties. •
" The great object of our wishes is thus accostiplisheckeete the
last seal is allied to the. union of the two naidishs of the t'eandi.
navian Peninsula. Norwegiane! benefforwird yeti dive sacred
claims on our heart and on our paternal Yo., '&d;.
lity and attachment will be the return fotosisofteer duties which
we have to (nlfil towards you, and OR most ta.tisfactory reentra
which a good King can desire. •
" The fundamental law whiled. finsi Representatives have
adopted in concert with our CeininissiOners, ant which we
have solemnly received and approved; will serve as a guarnitee
both of your rights and youtfutare prosperity. Bear in mind that
these valuable blessings arm only to_ be rrmerved by respect-fit
religion and social order, and that the sanctity of rights always
rests en the faithful performance of the dtriee tht•reto a-tat:4rd.
" We are aware of the difficulties which weltave to sirmsout,
but we entertain the consoling hope, that, seconded by r.,e latel.
ligence and energy of p..triot-citizens, we shall he enabled nie-
ce. Ovely to efface the remembrance and the effects of a long and
disastrous war.

" it hby eneinraging agriculture, by giving to commerce un-
, interrupted activity, that the public welfare will gradually is.
sume new strengtf. The union betwewi Sweden and Norway,
collecting in one mass the hitherto divided powers of the two
kingdoms, turnishes the most poortrfel motive and the surest
means for maintaining peace. The nations of the scandanavisa
peninsula have with's) themselves strength to defend their lade-
pendence and theip laws. Beyond its limits they have no real
' advantage to expect.
" May PeovlneNct bless Oar paternal efforts for your hap.
piness. Unfurl of heart and of resotuti,n, obedience to the laws,
energy against oppression,--such are the surest foundations of the
existence of States: it is by them that the North, amidst all future
vicissitudes, will maintain its name, its liberty, audglory, defied.
ed by the sea and its mountains, and by the courage ssi its sons.
" By the authority of my most ;micas Sovereign mod land,
caAiLLII 10816
4, rimier." 's‘pCEEchriisitinanEisevEiLlDl,lls 1114.1:
ROYAL lIIGI{NLSYTiIICIIOWN
PRINCE TO' Tllit NATIONAL DIET OW NORWAY, TILE
10TH NOV. 1814.

Gentlemen,—The King has seen the wishes ac.
complished which he has not ceased to form for the
happiness and independence of the Scandinavian pe.
ninsula : its two nations have abjured their long and
unfortunate animosities, and in future will know no
other rivalry but in their love for their common coon.
try. In concurring towards this great object, Gen.
tlemen, you have acquired sacred claims to the regard
of his Majesty, and to the gratitude of your fellow.
citizens.

" The double glory has been reserved to the King,
of seeing two free nations preent to him the Crotin,by
their spontaneous and unanimous wishes. Towards
the Swedes he never set up the rights of his birth ;
, and in like manner he preferred to those claims which
the most solemn troaties had given him, the titles
more pleasing and dear to his hart which he might
derive from your affections. The King has always
wished that the Norwegians and Swedes,, as beicg
equal in rights, should enjoy the same Constitutional
benefits ; and the new fundamental law which you
have adopted in concert with the King, wilt serve at
once as a guarantee of your liberty, and as a proof to
Europe of the lib.,ral views and the moderation of
your LitYe.l-eign. You reply, Gi-ndernen, to the
just contidenee which he has placed in you. You
1,611 guide this faithful people, and after zealously
fulfilling functions as Legislators, you will
contribute by your intelligence and efforts to make
that Government loved which you have given your-
selves.
. .
" In order to prepare the means of dping.thisr it is
essentially important to enlighten the nation as to its
situation and prospects. It is tiecessltY that they
should Rot ascribe to the new authority eitlltriferhich
it was not the cause ; it is necessary that the people
should know in what state the King found your
finances and your administ:ation,. in ordtx .thnlicALFT
may be able to judge impartially of thi ameliorations
which must be the natural fruit of his government.
You will receive, Gentlemen. a proposition as to die
preparatory measure which will be necessary for this
purpose.
" The union between Sweden and Norway is foun-
ded on our geographical position, on the HAtionAl
character of both States, on their mutual interest,
' and on the wisdom which presides over their d lite*
rations : I add also, on the attachment which heY
both feel to personal liberty, to the rights of properqr
and to a representati ste government. Accordingly, eC
ever remain two nati•ins united and independent.
" Satisfied with the limits wts ch nature has pre*
scribed to us, impressed with the great truth ilia
heyoid them there can exist no real good for us, else
policy will always be that of never provoking war,
out of religiously maintaining the harmony wind!
exists with all Powers. Since PIoVIDENCII has placid
our happiness and our duties wit..iii the same circle,
t tear not to take, in the face of the universe, a so-
lemn eri4agement, that no foreign domination sbAll
ever defile your soil or violate your rights.
" Gentlemen, the King Accepts the Constituti°l4
sue.' as it has been agreed upon between you and hi'
Majesty's Cootratuiouers. lire reserve; to loath 10

ilUmw•im

present to the States General of Sweden the articles,
vllich assign seasons for some changes or modifica.
twns in the Sir-dish Constitution. _

In the name of the King, also, I now deposit
with you, Gentlemen, his oath t.) govern the King-
dom of Norway according to its constitution and
laws. and I now invite you to take the oath to his
Majesty.
The compact which he has entered into with the
Norw. gian people is now th,refore definitively con-
cluded. May that Paovinzace who watches over
the fate of empires bless this solemn moment, which
opens to the two nations of the Scandinavian Penin-
sula a new career of. glory and prosperity. I will
second the paternal efforts of the King for the happi-
nt,ss of the Norwegians, and wiil transmitt to my sou
the sentiments of love and affection which I bear them.
Amidst the tumult of arms, and when marching
Ishii the allies of Sweden, to the soil of Germany, to
oppose the most frightful tyranny that ever oppressed
Europe, I looked torward only to the present mo-
ment as a reward for my labours ; and the peaceful ,
palm which I this day receive from the hands of a free
people is more satisfactory to my heart than all the
laurels of victory.
,t I renew to you, Gentlemen, the assurance of my
regard, which is as deep as it is real."
THE CROWN PRINCE TO HIS BROTHERS IN ARMS.
6, SOLDIERS I—Your first wish, like that of all your
countrymen, has long been the union of the Scandi.
navies nations. It was to attain this great object that
we took up arms. PROVIDENCE has crowned our
efforts, and our hopes have been accomplished ;
henceforward Swedes and Norwegians have the same
interests to defend, the same glory to support, and the
same future fate will be for them the reward of the
same virtues. Soldiers ! this is one of the finest mo-
r.eiits of my life, when, in the name of the King and
the Country, I have to express to you their gratitude
for we valour, discipline, and excellent conduct by
which, in skewing yourselves worthy of your ances-
tors, you have rendered the Swedish name as dear as
respected. Return to your homes ! and exempli-
fying as peaceful citizens the same love of your coun-
try, the same obedienie to the laws which distin-
guished you as warriors, the favour of your King and
.the esteem of your fellow citizens be your me-
rited rewa-J. (Stned) CHARLES JOHN."
Head Quarters at Frederlekshall, Noveathcr 8 "

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1814.
PRICE OF 3TOCKI THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK:
Radom] 651 H-4 per Cent. 8 til-5 per Cent. Navy 96197
- Cam& 614 66i—for account, 664411-omnium 14 2 die.
• _Beek lag Amts.l6l..lith 4—lndia Bonds 11s. las. pre.
•ifi*w' Nis Is. w Ss. prem.

Thie alhirs of Norway have all been settled in a
manner that seems to promise the most happy results.
It will be seen by the preceding details that the CROWN
13siNct. for And on behalf of CHARLES XIII. received,
-.on the 13th ult. the oaths of allegiance of the Diet at
-Christiana, and at the same time delivered to them

the oath of the King to govern them according to the
constitution and the laws. Oa this occasion the
,CROWN PRINCE delivered an address, remarkable for

the mildness and candour of its sentiments. He de-
clared, that the Swedish and Norwegian unions should
always remain two nations, equal and independent
though united ; the great basis of their union b_ing
their geographical position, their similarity of origin
. and character, and their mutual zeal for liberty, re-
spect for property, and attachment to representative
government.

We have received Paris Papers of Sunday, from
which we subjoin such extracts as appear most inte-
resting. An article, purporting to be from the frontiers
of Saxony, insinuates that much dissatisfaction still
prevails among the inhabitants of that country, and
adds, that the ci-devant King was offered Poland as
an indemnity, but he indignantly refused it ! This
is just as likely as ;file had been offered Great Bri-
tain and Ireland ; indeed the same merry Gentleman
(we mean the French Journalist) lately told us gravely
that the King of DENMARK was about to exchange
that Kingdom for Hanover. Another article, dated
Brussels, says, that •, nothing but the protection of
France can save the Belgians from ruin," and cau-
tions all persons against believing what is said to the
contrary in the Belgian Newspapers :
