SPIRIT OP THE JOURNALS.

Trans.—We spoke on Blond-Ty of the manner in which the
present King received the Ministers of his deceased brother ; but
our statement being at the close of a long article, has probably not
attracted the attention which it merited. We relate facts coolly,
and are no partisans, except of the general welfare of the empire.
But the King's name " is a tower of strength ;" and it is pro.
per. if there be firmness and consistency in his Majesty—of
which we have no doubt—that all parties should know what '
they have to expect The King, on receiving the Ministry,
spoke, there is reason to believe, words to this effect—" I am
glad to see you, both collectively and individually : I have
approved, and do approve, of your measures ; and you have
had, and shall continue to have, my confidence and support." If
we were opposed to the Ministry, we should set before ourselves the
difficulties we had to overcome in rendering our opposition success..
ful, and should make precisely the same statement which we do
now. This, then, is therunicable relation in which the King stands
with his present ministry, and they who overcome one must over.
cone the predilections of the other—a thing not unusual in our
free constitution, but which is nevertheless of no ordinary difficulty.
At present there exist rather the principles and elements of opposi.
tion. than a regular opposition as a party. Who is to collect and cat.
centrate these elements ? who is to give them the force of one body, and
direct theirefforts to oneobject ? Can the Duke of Newcastle and Lord
Winchilses,under any had amalgamate sincerely with'Earl Grey and
Lord Holland ? And a similar insociability exists in the House of
I 'ominous ; but there it is even more difficult to designate principles
by the names of those who possess them. We cannot tell who re-
presents what. Or, suppose all that there is of opposition to fall in,
as it were, at one point though yoing different ways, and starting
Eon, different parts, and so stop the Ministers in their march—
bring then to "a dead stand.still," if this were possible, from
what body are the men to be selected who should take their
places If from the general mass of opposition, no two indi-
viduals agree, or could agree, on principle, upon any one act of go.
raiment. If from the Whigs, the Ultra. Tories now casually mood-
at. d with them must fall in with the ex. Ministers, and make a new
aid preponderating opposition; and vice versa, if from theUltraTories,
the %Vhigs would, with no very great stretch of principle, join the
rx.Ministers, and with the same fatal influence to the new func-
tionaries. We think, therefore, we may go farther, and say, not
only that the King's name is a tower of strength, but that the °pm-
sit ion to it is a quicksand, if disunion be weakness, or dissimilitude
of parts fatal to durability as a whole. We have not room for
more than a mere reference to the debates in each house of Parlia-
ment. It appears that Parliament will be dissolved in somewhat
Li than Are, weeks.

l'uttoxinnz.—Our readers were prepared, by the message on
Tuesday night, for a speedy dissolution. The language of the
message was—as soon as you supply our wants, we will get rid
you. Still there are people who • ay have entertained the opinion,
that the business of Government is not merely to supply the wants
of Kings, Ministers, and soldiers, but that something is due also to
the governed. in the King's Speech at the opening of the Session
'brilliant prospects were opened to the nation. But what has been
realized ? Under what circumstances," said Earl Grey, is an
able and argumentative speech—" under what circumstances,
nis• Lords, are we now sitting ? If your Lordships cows
suit the votes of this and the other house of Parliament,
as the Noble Duke recommended, your Lordships will find
that they contain many subjects of great and deep importance,,
under the present circumstances of the country, requiring serious
consideration, and which cannot, I think, he deferred without
c.eislng considerable inconvenience, and even danger to the
piddle interests." Well, and how do Ministers get over the
difficulty here stated by his Lordship ? Let us bear them—
"lt is sufficient for me," said the Duke of Wellington,
"to request your consideration of the state of the votes of
the House of Commons, and the state of the votes of this
House, and your Lordship will see that so much business
yet remains to be done, that it must necessarily postpone the
dissolution to a distant period, and at this time of the session, if any
new business were brought forward, Parliament could not be dis-
solved ; at least, there would be no hope that it could be satisfac-
torilyiclosed before a considerable time. Under these circumstances,
my loids, and considering the great calamity to which we have all
been exposed has been expected for a considerable time, and that
all men have been looking forward to a dissolution, within a limited
period, and looking forward to a general election, and that the
measures now before Parliament may be easily postponed, and that
they .may be brought forward with a !Probability of success at
the beginning of another session. His Majesty's Ministers
have advised his Majesty to diuove the present Pailiament as soon
as possible." This is plain speaking. What is it to you, the
twenty-five millions of people, how you are affected by your pie.
V2U2CCII fora year? A year hence will do as well for you as the
present time. We are now too much occupied with our own air.
Tenements, and attending to the wishes of our new Muter, to hue
any time to spare for you. But why is it that the hudasea
of the country is not further advanced ? Let us hear Earl t
comment on the statement of his Grace :—•' There is a necesaillft
an immediate dissolution, the Noble Duke says; but why is there
this necessity? Apparently it arises from the circumstance,
that during the long and afflicting period of uncertainty
as to the issue of his Majesty's illness, when the minds of
men have been directed to that event, the Ministers, who have bad
the business of Parliament to forward, of whatever nature it may
have been, have shewn themselves quite it:capable of conducting it.
The business of Parliament, at a period of the Session, which, in
ordinary circumstances', would be drawing to a termination, after
live months consideration, and though recommended front the
Throne at the beginning of the Session, was, in fact, neglected."
So that to neglect the public business, or to want the capacity to
conduct it, is a good reason for trusting Ministers with money,
that they may dispense with Parliament. The cones quence of a
dissolution to the various interests of the country is nothing in the
eycsof Ministers. We are blunderers, we have been unable to do
our duty, and therefore you must repose confidence in us.
Hzaanc.—We refer to our Parliamentaty report for an account
of proceedings in both houses of parliament last night, which will
be read with great interest. It will be seen that ministers proposed
a vote of credit, to enable them to carry en the public service until
a new parliament can be assembled, and also a provision for the
Queen. In the House of Lords Earl Grey took occasion to com.
went upon the proceedings of the Duke of Wellington's go-
vet nment, in terms not very flattering to the self-love of
the Members of that Administration. lie denied that the
Noble Duke had adduced a single argument to prove the
necessity of a dissolution : true it was, he observed, that,
during the long end afflicting illness of h.s lase majesty, men'al
minds were directed to the probability of the event of a new parlian
went at 20 distant day, hut in the meantime the business of }settle-
ment proceeded as *ell as it could order an administration
• hich," said the noble lord, " I may be permitted to say, appear
incapable of carrying on the public allairs of the nation." Ills lord.
.hip added, "We have now been engaged for rive months in din.
cussing measures which ere now incomplete—measures that were
recommended in the speech from the throne at the commence-
ment of the session." This is but too true—the country
knows and feels the sirens, in all its interests, of the
in-
tSciency of the administration. The speech from the throne
promised many things, of which now, at the close of the Session,
-inching has been performed. Nlininters had not the virtue or the
capacity to protect Royalty from the impeachment of having left un.
r, sleemed its honourable ploige. Earl Grey further said--" The
Noble Duke has called your Lorsiskipe attention to the votes of the
House of Commons; and he says that there is already an much
business remains incompleted, that it cannot be done in a conve-
nient time. But, my Lents, is it not an extraordinary thing to
be told, after having expended tire months in di-cussing
questions ohioh ors still inerni-plete—ia it not extraordinary
that, on the 30th dty of June, when we naturally look fur
she termination of the Session, the public busker' is in such a state
of embarrassment and difficulty, that no man can tell what thy
nature of them and their effect's may be ? Is it not extraordinary
that all those measures which his 3lajesty's ministers have recom-
mended to Parliament—which have occupied Parliament fot fire,
months, must now all be posteoned. and that all the time coosionesl
in the deliberations of the two Houses must now be lost, and this,
tissue of confusion into which Ministers have brought us is to remain
unravelled ? We are now called upon by tnose very Ministers',
who have brought things to this pass, to make a temporary grant,'
in order that the Government may go on." In the House of Com-
mons, Sir Robert Peel intimated that, during the short portion of
the session that remains (previously to the dissolution) it is in.i
nuded to press the sale of beer bill—that premium upon universal,
dissipation among the poor—the remission of the beer-duty bill—
toe law offices' fees bill--and the bill for the abolition of the
Welch Judicature—which may be called the Welch anti-re-
form bill, inasmuch as it goes to substitute a tedious and
expensive mode of administering justice for one that was cheap
and expeditious. The last proposition of sixpence per gallon
on British spirits is also to be enforced ; but the last propo.
%Won of a graduated reduction of duties on the West India sugars is
to be abandoned. This intimation was received with much laughter
in the House, at the expense of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, of
whose scale of duties it may be now truly said ramie
pawnor rut I" So much for this specimen of tbe cabalistic arith.
ntetic of Finance ! Instead of such graduated scale of relic/
there is to be proposed a reduction of ng. on West india
gars, and btu on East India sugars, with a proportionate
Zuni. on of drawbacks. Whether this will afford a saddea
tory relief to the West India interests remains to be seen. It
was coldly received by the House. The Right Honourable Gen.
tlensan then intimated, that fur the present Sudan the 4. eeneetida.
don of the Stamp duties," which would have the effect of imposing
manlo:oniditiond invents, and which effected the Irish Press with
the to
of annihilation, is be abandoned. Be also notified
that the bill fee appointing a new Equity Judi, the Bill ra.l
leave to the Miters in Chancery are to be sdsled.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE 30.
At half-put three tieback, the Dukes of Bum.leuith and Devon-
shire, the Marquis of Anglesey, and several other Peers, took the
oaths.

MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.
Sir A. Grant, and other members of the House of Commons,
brought up five private bills from the commons, which were laid
on the table.
The Lord Chancellor took his seat on the woolsack at a little af-
ter five o'clock, and at the same time the Duke of Wellington en.
tered the house.
The Earl of LIMERICK said he had to complain of a mis.
statement respecting himself; in one of the morning papers, which
he must say was remarkable for its accuracy. The statement, if
left uncontradicted, might do him some Injury. The mis-state-
ment was, that he said the military were called out without -having
the mayor at their head. He had said no such thing. The noble
earl then went into an explanation of the circumstances which led
to the late riots in Limerick, but spoke so low that he was almost
inaudible at the bar.

-------- -.-- -_..
The Earl of DARNLEY presented petition% against increased
taxation in Ireland, from Dublin, Limerick, a:..1 Iraterford. His
lordship regretted very much that the measures threatened to be
adopted towards Ireland tended very much to alienate the affections
of the people of that country from the Government.
The Earl of ABERDEEN laid on the table papers relating to
slavery, and communications from our Consuls abroad respecting
the average price of grain in foreign countries.
