TUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 8, 1830.

No. 13,495.

FRENCH PAPERS.

The following is an extract of a private letter of the 15th ult. from
Corfu By intelligence both from the Continent and the islands,
we learn that hostilities between the Greeks and the Turks have re-
commenced at various points. Blood is flowing in Crete, and the
Satniots, on being informed that they were to be again placed under
the Turkish yoke,have unanimously resolved to die for their country.
Freed .hy their own valour, and conquerors of the infidels, they have
hitherto resisted all their attacks. Reduced to fight within a nar-
row space, they waited the approach of the enemy with determined
resolution, exclaiming, We have required no aid from the Chris-
tians of Europe; by what right then do they pretend to dispose of
us ?' We may soon expect to see renewed in Samos the examples
set at Saguntum, Parga, and Alissolonghi. To live free, or die
with arms in their hands, is the firm resolution of a popula-
tion that, including all ages and both sexes, excoeds 100,0001
souls. The inhabitants of Phocis, Doris, Loa* Emits, and
Areanania, have unanimously determined to live independent in
their mountains. Never will they surrender Vonitsa, Patradgik, or
the positions held by the Policares on Mount (Eta, or the sides of ;
Parnassus. Faithful to the President, they will not hold that -1
selves bound by any contract that separates them from Greece. The
attempt to trace the boundaries that are to sever them may therefore
be dispensed with, and it will be well for those who ate to be em-
ployed on that task to be on their guard how they present them-
selves on the banks of the Sperehius, lest they be treated as if they
were Turks. This declaration has been communicated by all the
mountaineers to the President of Greece, so that no one may pretend
Ito he ignorant of their sentiments. On the other hand, the Turks,
fat from preparing to evacuate Attica, are victualling the Acropolis,
and refuse to admit a single stranger. Omar Paella, who is daily
receiving reinforcements, has secret orders to defend Rohm, what-
ever may be the tenour of the firmans addressed to him directing
the surrender of that island to the Greeks. Negropont and Carys-
tos are occupied by garrisons commanaed by officers lately arrived
from Constantinople. The islands of the A. ..ipelago have formed
confederacies in opposition to the municipatt under which they
have lived for the last eight years, pretending that no foreigner has
any right to interfere in their affairs, without the consent of their
delegates, and that these delegates even have no power to alienate
their rights. Thessaly, Epirus, and part of Macedonia, groan un-
der the anarchical rule of the Albanians, who carry off, and sell for
slaves, all the Christians they find without the walls of the towns.
These armed barbarians deny the authority of the Grand Seignor,
whom they look upon as the vassal of Russia. The Bosniacs op.
pose the Treaty of Adrianople, and to enforce its execution Russia
must again draw the sword. In the mean time, the Russians re-
main in possession of the principal military positions on the southern
flank of Mount Hems.'

Letters from Port-au-Prince, of April 22, announce that on the
7th the definitive treaty for regulating the political, commercial, and
pecuniary relations between France and Hayti, was signed by the
Commissioners, but had not been ratified by the President. It ap.
pears that he makes no objection to the political and commercial
stipulations, but his hesitation arises out of the pecuniary clauses.
They are not considered by him as In proportion to the revenue of
Hayti, nor consistent with the sacred obligations by which he has
ever felt himself bound towards the holders of bonds for the lean
granted to him. AI. Pichon, however, is perfectly aware of whet
ought to be done, having received an official communication of the
receipts and expenditure of Ilayti for the last three years. In the
mean time, the Haytian government announces its intention of coo.
tinuing its remittances for the reimbursement of the contractors.
The Bayonnaisc had just sailed, and other vessels are shortly to
follow her.

The Austrian Observer contains a letter from Count Capodis-
trias, addressed to Baron Rouen the French resident In Greece, In
which he declares, In the most distinct and unequivocal terms, that
the two decrees inserted in the Courier de Steepens, relative to the
establishment of a tribunal of secret surveillance, and attributed to
the Greek Government, are entirely false, the Government not having
had the intention of having recourse to such measures. The editor,
he states, is guilty of defamation and calumny, and had either him-
self actually forged these pretended documents, or else inserted them
without taking due means to ascertain their authenticity. The Pre-
sident then calls upon Baron Rouen to use his endeavours to bring
the editor (who is a French subject) before the competent authorities,
in order to his being compelled to make a distinct and formai
avowal of the falsity of the articles complained of.
The followir.g intelligence from Navarino, is dated April 14 :
" In June last the merchantman Neptune, commanded by John
Caramanli, was captured off (andia by Tufahai-Baschi, and taken
to Canea with six of her crew, who were sent to prison by Kara
Suleiman, Pacha. The Captain and the rest of the sailors jumped
into the sea, reached the shore, and concealed themselves in the
mountains. A few months ago Tufahzi-Baschi went to Syra on
his way to Smyrna, whither he had been sent by Kara Suleiman,
when Caramanli with the relations of the imprisoned mariners ap.
plied to the Commissioner to have Tufabzi-Baschi arrested, in order
to obtain the liberty of the prisoners as the condition of his release.
The government, however, directed the immediate release of
Tufaltei-Baschi, who continued his voyage to Smyrna; but the
sanguinary Kara Suleiman, as soon as he heard of the arrest of
Tutahzi.Baschi, without waiting for any information as to the
result, hang the poor incarcerated Greeks, though they were abso-
lutely ignorant of these proceedings. They have all left families."
31. Feissat, editor, and Al. Demonchy, printer of the Semaphore
of Marseilles, were tried a few days since by the Tribunal of Cor-
rectional Police, for a libel upon M. d'Arbaud Jouques, Prefect of
the Bouches du Rhone, by stating in that journal " that he had
made a dull translation of Ossian, that be had the vulgar air of a
Burgundian clown, and resembled the would-be gentleman in La
),ausse Agnes." M. Feissat was condemned to a month's imprison-
ment, and a fine of 300 fr. M. Demonelly was acquitted.

PRICE 7D.

pe ror of Russia, the two Sovereigns themselves will have a meeting
in Silesia.
VIENNA, May 27.—Metalliques, 1001 ; Four per Cents. 961 ;
flank Shares, 1336.—Alonneine Zeilaing. June 1.
MUNICH, MAY 26.
In consequence of a complaint made by Baron Herding, Minister
of Bavaria, to the Swiss confederation, respecting the enlisting of
Bavarian subjects in the Swiss regiments raised for foreign service,
the Canton of Berne has answered in a note, in which it states, that
Switzerland cannot in any way acknowledge itself bound to prohibit
persons from enlisting as volunteers in these regiments; because they
are volunteers. If a govemmeat forbid its subjects to engage in fo-
reign service, they of course are under an obligation to osey, and
incur responvibility if they fall ; but that no state can be found to
inforce in its territory the laws of another state, unless In conformity
with a special treaty. Now no such treaty exists between Bavaria
and Switzerland; besides Bavaria could not give any compensation,
as most of the Cantons have no intention to hinder their subjects to
enter the foreign service of states, for which no regiments are raised
by treaty with them.
Though the Cantons do not acknowledge themselves under any
obligation to change their "stem, most of them. and precisely those
which furnish there:deft number of mon to the regiments in foreign
service, have for various reasons prohibited the enlisting of fo.
reigners In general as well as Bavarian subjects ; and if some Can-
tons have thought they ought not to abolish long established cus-
toms, they hat^ declared their willingness to take care that the
Bavarian Government shall have no futute ground of complaint.—
Frank/end Papers. May 31.
ODESSA, MAY 15.

The head-quarters of our army in Turkey are already removed
front Bourgas. The despatches of the Commander-in-Chief are
dated from Erketsch (on the top of the Balkan), May 8. Count
Qtbitsch intends to arrive in a few days at Tiraspol, and there per-
form quarantine.—Prussian state. Gazette, June 2.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

lIOUSE OF LORDS-MONDAY.

The house met in the morning and heard appeals.
A petition was presented from the lord mayor and corporation of
London, praying for the abolition of the law indicting capital pus
r.ishment in cases of forgery.
The Archbishop of YORK presented similar petitions from
Bradford and Shipton, in the county of York. Also a petition from
Beverley, against the sale of beer bill, and petitions against slavery.

BANKRUPT BILL.
The Earl of MALMESBURY presented a petition complaining
of the uncertain manner in which the bankrupt act had been drawn
up. The last clause had been found so defective, that doubts had
arisen whether the law had any operation during four months in the
year. The petitioners, who were persons likely to suffer under the
defects of the bill, called upon their lordships for relief. His hope
was that a noble and learned lord (Eldon) would bring forward a
measure applicable to the case. The noble lord took this opportu.
nity of calling the attention of the house to another bill brought up
from the other house. lle alluded to the bill for relief of insolvent
debtors. What did their lordships suppose that bill did? It de.
cloyed that a minor might be imprisoned for debt, and be compelled
to declare himself a bankrupt, thereby giving assignees power to ex-
ecute assigninents of his property in possession or reversion. The
noble lord had never seen a bill in parliament so objectionable.
Lord ELDON admitted that the bankrupt act was defective.
With respect to the insolvent debtors bill, it was a most objection-
able measure. It forced minors to dispose of property although
they could not be forced to pay debts by the law of the land. Any
individual under age who might represent any of the noble lords
present, might be called upon to assign property, and injure their
family for ever. It was incumbent on every member of that house
to watch such a bill with extreme vigilance. The noble and learned
lord then proposed to discharge the second reading of the bankrupt
bill, which stood for this day, and fix it for this day se'nnight. The
order was discharged accordingly.
