TUESDAY EVENING,

summoned by the Lord High Commissioner to evacuate
the Morea ; but that he has refused every proposal of
this nature. Count Capo d'lstria, on the contrary, is
said to have declared that he would hinder Ibrahim
from leaving the Morea till he had delivered and given
back the Greeks whom he had reduced to slavery.—
dfugsburg Gazette.

MADRID, Aram S.
The evacuation of Spain by the French troops is to
take place immediately, but it will not be so complete
as was expected. We believe that we shall not deceive'
you in saying that the orders given for the evacuation
do not comprehend up to this time Cadiz and the Sets
d'Urgel; it seems that the French Government desires
not to give up this last place in particular.

BAYONNE, As-an. 1.
•
A variety of assertions have been made in the news-
I
papers respecting-the Marquis de Chaves. They appear
to be iU informed on this subject; whilst some believe
him to be already called to Portugal by the Infant Don
Miguel, and others fancy him already on the road, be
lives still within musket shot of our ramparts, iq a
country house he has lately hired. We are aware that
he is anxious to return to his eounteyethat he has ap-
plied for leave, and even received promises that his stay
here shall not be of long duration. Hut it seems that
the French Government has made some objections on
this score, and that he cannot leave France without the
concurrence of Spain; that Power having expelled him
from its territory a twelvemonth ago. At all events,
the Marchioness says she shall not traverse Spain on
'her way to Portugal, but first proceed so Paris to thank
her benefactors, and proceed to London to embark
for Lisbon.

of it's sii• irhe views his Majesty hod upon Odessa
'were powerfully seconded by Count Rornanzow and
the Raise de Richelieu, who previously had only been
knowe.by his military life. The consequence of the
events is France induced the Duke de Richelieu to
leave his' country and take the Government of a Rus-
sian praline,. It was long before be consented to fol-
low the wishes of the Emperor Alexander. but in his
new &meter he gained an illustrious name. In May,
1822 be died atlhe age Of fifty-three, regretted by all
who knew him. - From the rocks which hang over this
vast Whin of the Ensine, the eye ranges among objects
of deep interest. In front are the mountains of the
Crimea. Oa the left we behold the port, and part of
the eity.atid on the right the Euxine, with its immense
spread-ot grater, which is lost in the horizon. I have
seen. Alpo pass within hail, bound for. Constantinople.
The city is etelly a prodigy, considering the rapidity
withs,whieh: it has been built. All the houses are of
stew, aiM •,in. general two stories high; the streets.
,broa#andlorig. Theyhaveßassian and Catholic churches,
a gymnasium, an hospital, a theatre, upon which they
imftrearn in thaehltatuasast.acnai Polonaise,de Italian, and German
plan. wrisch surround theg-cirtY,n
..ivrt
•ii fforif anda 'barracks
ptwhose upo
immense
a .
enesw
nse
protection and shelter to vessels of every
description. The population is from 25 to 30,000
souls. Upon a very fine square, planted with trees,
may be seen walking the Turk, the Greek, the Rus-
sian, English, French, Armenians, Jews, Moldavians,
Polonais, Italians, and Germans, wearing the cos-
tume of their nations, and speaking different lan-
guages. I have been to Ovidiopol, which is a for-
tress, a short distance from Odessa, - upon the Liman
of the Dniester, now called Lacul Ovidioli. They
say Ovid resided there during some time. I have
give a tear to the memory of him who sang of the
art cf. Love, and am not surprised that his elegies and
epistles express so much grief, since they were inspired
in such a place. The author was confined in Odessa
several weeks, in consequence of the plague. The de-
tails lie gives upon the state of that horrid disease, leaves
no doubt upon the fact that .it is contagious. They
employed criminals condemned to
.perpetual hard la-
bour to remove the infected and serve them in the hos-
pital. " Those ill fated men wore coats of black leather,
dipped in oil, which, joined to the noise of their chains,
gave-them the horrible appearance of phantoms. Their
zeal is excited by the promise of liberty, and a pension
for life when the plague shall, cease, but very few live
ft) avail themselves of such promises.
The navigation of the Black Sea renders Odessa one
of the most important places- in Europe. The rivers,
which fall into it, must increase its importance. They
bring down the harvests of the most fertile countries in
the world. which they water, and the Russians may
I.ealculate upon seeing the trade of the Danube, now
obstructed by Turkish barbarism, become one day a
new source of prosperity, Etc.
At Boyoukdere, near Constantinople, the author says,
"f expected to-find here, as. Ambassador for England,
Mr. It. Adair. who I had known at Paris, when the
peace Of Amiens brought him with his ft lend, the cele-
brated Fox, to the capital of France. They were pre-
sented with Erskine to the beautiful Mad.smeßecamier,
'at Clichy. ltleas in the chateab of that Lady that Gen.
adarestuharnals, Count Mar keif, Madame
de Steel, and t tonteditipany of the day, paid their,
court. Accident threw me by the side of Mr. Adair;
who in a few words gave fire a picture of the relative'
positions of England and France. He spoke so pro
foulndly of legislation; so pleasantly of Parliamentary
elections ; and so delicately of the manners of his coun-
try; that I believed myself at the end of his dijeuner
again in England."
M. La Garde, in his review of Constantinople, makes
the following remarks :
" The Ottoman Porte, incapable of profiting by the
advantages of its possessions, is always anxious to defend
itself against European nations. This empire, placed be-
tween Europe and Asia, has neglected the arts of Europe
to preserve Asiatic manners ; and its rulers are filled with
;contempt for people who daily advance in science, and
Abe art`of good government. Isolated with respect to
'impleavement, the Turks become inaccessible to the
cortrliitiations of modern policy, and in the road of eivi-
liOtlon they stop or go back to darkness. This vast
monerchnsituated under the most beautiful sky,neither
itiltiYs the benefits of her position, nor suffers other
nations to possess the resources which nature spreads
around her. At the present day, Turkey sinks more
froth the ignorance of her Government than the vice of
those in power.
" The present age will perhaps see that colossal Power
destroyed in Europe, and some happy conqueror pos-
sess the beautiful land promised to the genies of vic-
tory. Then Europe may see the city of Constantine'
rise to the rank it was designed to hold, and its new
Emperor master, by commerce, of the riches of Europe
and India I But, I ask, whether such a change is de-
sirable? Will it not cause universal disorder? Will it
not destroy too many general interests to produce a
oral benefit ? A private advantage may result, but
'that advantage may be subversive of public right. The
dread of such a result has been a better defence to the
Ottoman Porte than her own arms. Turkey is not suffi-
ciently civilized to bear the least resemblance to Eu.
rope. That vast empire, when menaced, rises at the voice
flits Sovereign, but in peace they have no real force.
When danger threatens, what reliance can be placed
oa militias assembled in haste, and badly disciplined?
In the hope of plunder, rather than the love of country,,
general
they range themselves ender the banners of a Chief
levservated by the softness of the Seraglio. Few of the
Turkish troops are disciplined at the moment when
their enemies have immense armies well disciplined.—
The Turks are brave, and.good horsemen ; but what is
.4x/wage against military experience and tactic ? The
Pales, their neighbours, who were born soldiers, formed
an immense camp in the middle of Europe, but they
were compelled to yield, because they were without re-
-1 solar armies, which alone could save them from the
power of their ambitious neighbours."
• The Sultan Mahmoud was no doubt of the same opi•
nion as M. La Garde when he destroyed the Janissaries
land introduced European discipline to his troops; but
lit remains to be proved whether he has made his
armies able to oppose, with any prospect of success, the
dove of Russia. If the Cur really entertains ambitious
limes in the war, which seems inevitable, the troops of
'the Bohan cannot be in a condition, in point of disci-
' plias+, to oppose the Russian Generals, who will no doubt
'advance towards that point which Catherine wished to
command, and which may now attract Nicholas.
•
