CHANGES.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Exeter, at their seat, Sothic!)
House, Lincolushire, from Newmarket ; the Marchioness Dowager
of Lansdown, Mrs. Mellish, and Miss Giffard, in Albemarle.
street, from Surrey ; the Earl of Ferrer., in Harley-street, front
Staunton Harold ; Lord Saye-and-Sele, in Grosvenor-street, from
Belvidere Park ; Viscount Templetown and the Hon. Miss Upton,
from Stapleton Park, Yorkshire, to the Hon. Colonel Howard's
seat, Levens, near Milnthorpe,Westmoreland; Count Matucsewits,
on a visit to the Duke of Devonshire, at his seat, Chatsworth,
Derbyshire ; Mr. and Mrs. Lane Fox, for the Earl of Harewood's
seat, Harewood House, Yorkshire; Mr. J. Smith, in Belgrave-
square ; Capt. Fraser, in Pail-mall, from the lonian Islands; Major
and Mrs. Wharton, for Brighton ; Capt. Heron, from Houndow,
for Dublin ; Lieut.-Colonel Brodrick, from the Isle of Wight, to
Brighton ; Major Felix Ramsay, in Ciarges-street ; Major Mu-
well, for Canterbury; Ueut.-Cal. Montresor, for Dublin; Mrs.
Dyneley and family, in Manchester-square, from Hastings; Mr.
and Mrs. Pownall, in Grosvenor-street, from the Continent; Capt.
and Mrs. Ramsey, in Harley street, from Cheltenham ; Mr. and
Mrs. Galbraith, at Talke's Hotel (late Cook's), Albemarle-street.
front Dublin ; Walter }lore, Esq. and the Ladies Stopford, from
Spumoni's Hotel (late Jordan's), St. James's-street, for Ports-
mouth ; Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Morris, from the British Hotel, Jer-
myn-street, for their seat in Essex ; William Hicks, Esq. from
ditto, for Bath; J. Wadi, Esq. at Morley's Hotel, Cockspur-
street, from Dublin; H. Brown, Esq. at ditto, from East Sheen ,
J. Anwyl, Esq. from ditto, from the Isle of Wight ; J. Trevelyan,
Esq. from ditto, for Bristol ; B. Hlnde, Esq. from ditto, for Dub-
lin ; Col. Dickens, from ditto, for Hastings.

The Princess AUGUSTA left her residence at Frog-more
Lodge, on Thursday morning, on a visit to her sister, the
Duchess of GLOUCESTER at her seat in Bagshot Park.'
The Austrian Ambassador, the Spanish Minister, and
the French Charge d'Affaires, had interviews with the
Earl of ABERDEEN yesterday, at the Foreign Office.
The Duke of WELLINGTON arrived in town yesterday
evening from Apthorpe, near Wandsford, Northampton-
shire, where his Grace has been staying in company with
some Noblemen and Gentlemen on a visit to the Earl of
WESTMORLAND.

Orders have been received at his MAJESTY'S Pavil-
lion at Brighton to have the Palace in readiness for the
reception of his MAJESTY by the 10th of the present
month.
The Earl of ABERDEEN entertained the Marquis and
Marchioness of SALISBURY, the Countess of VERU-
LAM, and a select party, to dinner on Thursday, at
Argyll-house.
TUE EARL or ERROL. —This much esteemed
Nobleman has been extremely ill since Monday morning,
having been suddenly attacked by violent pain and in-
flammation in the ear and face, which occasioned his
being confined to bed.
The liberality of the Duke of BEDFORD towards
Covent Garden Theatre, sets a noble example to the No-
bility of this country, his Grace having yesterday, in the
most handsome manner, transmitted £l,OOO to Mr.
KEMBLE, towards relieving the Theatre from its present

The Earl and Countess of HA RCOVRT are at present on
a visit at Swinton Park, near Masham, the seat of tiler
relative, WILLIAM Dix BY, Esq.
The Hon. GEORGE and Lady GEORGIAN A AGA u.
ETA's have arrived at Harewood House, on a visit to the
Earl and Countess of HAREWOOD, from the Earl of
CARLISLE'S, Castle Howard. His Grace the Arch-
bishop of YORK has also been on a visit at Harewood
during the last week.
The MASTER of the ROLLS is at Brighton. The
Learned Judge's health is said to be much improved.
Sir CHARLES MORGAN, Bart. with two of his sons,
arrived at his house in Brecon, on Friday last, to be pre-
sent at the races there, which commenced on Wednesday.
REPRESENTATION OF SOMERSET.—E. A. SAND-
FORD, Esq. of Nynehead Court, has addressed the elec-
tors of Somerset, offering himself as a candidate for their
suffrages at the next election of members for that county.
The rumour that MONTAGUE GORE, Esq. nephew of
Colonel GORE LANGTON, intended to offer himself, is,
we understand, without foundation.
Lord Viscount GORT, is perfectly recovered from his
late illness.
His Excellency Sir R. W. O'Callaghan, K.C.B.
Colonel Tidy, C.B. and some gentlemen from the War
Office, have proceeded to Aberdeen Fort George, &c. to
examine the books of the regiments stationed in the north
of Scotland.
In the course of last week Lord Melville inspected the
Western Breakwater connected with the new naval Yard
at Leith. This work is making great progress, and will
soon afford considerable shelter to the entrance of the
harbour on the westward, as the Eastern Pier is now
affording in the opposite direction.
Mention was made a few days ago, that there was some
prospect of the long talked of monument to the memory
of the Duke of YORK being at length likely to be erected
in Edinburgh. There is another monument, the idea of
which is even of longer standing than his Royal High-
ness's, and for which the means have long ago been accu-
mulated ; namely, that voted by the members of the Pitt
Club to the memory of that great Statesman. About 12
months ago Mr. Gine of Aberdeen offered to excavate
a column of Aberdeen granite, in one solid stone of 110
feet in height, for the sum of 2,0001.

ITALY.

Italy! Italy ! when shalt thou
From slavery raise thy sun-bright brow?
Never, oh never! 'till mouldering graves
Shroud for ever the coward slaves
That have given thy fair and beautiful land,
And thy wales of bloom to the spoiler's hand!—
Italy! Italy! then may'st thou be
The home, once more, of the brave and the free!

Tho' thy sons be the scorn of all mankind,
And their infamy borne upon every wind,
Yet cold is the heart that would link thy name
Through long ages to come with the dastard.' shame.
• Oh, famed for beauty! shall man deface
A land like thine for the sins of thy race ?
Italy! Italy! yet shalt thou be
The happy home of the brave and the free
Who that e'er gazed on thy clear blue sky,
And thy smiling plains, with a gladdened eye,
But felt that Heaven, in thy blissful birth,
Had form'd a blossoming garden for eartb,
Where man might rove through eternal bowers
As fadeless and fresh as Elysian flowers!—
Italy ! Italy ! yet shalt thou be
The glorious home of the brave and the free! H.

THEATRICALS EXTRAORDINARY.

FOR THE STAR.

It is not generally known thatCsanix at. RICHELIEU,
when at the height of his ministerial power and glory,wrote
ri Tragedy, entitled "EUROPE," and actually brought it
on the French stage. As it consisted of little more than
a political dialogue between the European nations, in
which the comparative state of their respective revenues,
forces, &c. was set forth, the representation was only
tolerated from respect to the author; but when it was
announced for repetition, a murmur of disapprobation
arose, and "THE CID" of CORNEILLE, was loudly
called for. It is said, upon " authority that never
deceives," that an illustrious Field Marshal, whose forte
was hitherto supposed to lie in " reading great moral
lessons," has been for some time past actively engaged
in the composition of a Farce, to be entitled " THE Go-
VERNMENT OF SANCHO, or I MUST BE MAD !" The
Marshal's Farce is said to be avowedly founded upon the
Cardinal's Tragedy, and the principal scene consists of
a long disputation in which certain functionaries freely
discuss the comparative condition of BARRATARIA under
the government of SANCHO, and of his predecessor in
power. It is whispered that a very ludicrous " Address
to the Senate," with which the hero, SaNctio, opens
the piece by disclaiming all ambitious projects • or de-
sire of office, is managed with consummate skill,
and is highly creditable to the dramatic talent
and tact of the distinguished writer, as an incom-
parable parody on a celebrated " mad speech," which an
eminent lawyer once pronounced " the , most rational
speech he ever heard in his life." There can be no doubt,
that the Farce will be most favourably received, from
respect to its illustrious author, although his first attempt,
which was " a Farce," produced a few years since un-
der the ticklish title of " County Meetings," was an
unqualified failure. But critics who have been admitted
to some private rehearsals of " THE GOVERNMENT OP
SANCHO, or I MUST BE MAD!" confidently anticipate
that it will keep the audience in roars of laughter, from
the rise to the fall of the curtain ; and to give all possible
echlt to the performance, it is to be represented (by
particular desire) in present of all the Courts of Eu-
rope, on a grand continental stage now erecting at Paris,
for the express purpose. It is hinted, however, that
through the characteristic difficulties of the Farce-writer,
(who will himself represent SANCHO, to give the fullest
effect to the first exhibition) in the event of the an-

nouncement for its repetition being coldly heard—a new
Afterpiece is in preparation, by which it will be ultimately
superseded in the order of management. The Afterpiece
in question is by a comparatively young and unpractised
author, but if report be true, it bids fair to set aside all
the stage-trick of modern play-wrights, and is called
" THE CZAR ; OR, THE BALANCE OF POWER."
JOHN OLDHAM.
• In recording the feigned resignation of AUGUSTUS, with a view
to some higher dignity. and his consenting to receive " the Go-
vernment of the Provinces, and the general command of the
Roman armies, under the well known names of Pm Count and
/operator," GIBBOX says, " the memory of this Comedy, repeated
several times during the life of AUGUSTUS, was preserved, &e.
See " Decline and Fall Idle Roman Empire," vol.l. p. 99.

CHELTENHAM, Oct. 2.
