DON miGuEt.

Yesterday morning, about twelve o'clock, his Royal
Highness Don Minuto, accompanied by Prince Karzattair, the
Austrian Ambassador, and attended by Earl Mouwrcisames, left
town and proceeded to the Royal Gardens at Kew. Mr. Arran, the
Kitca's principal Gardener, and bis Majesty's Gamekeepers from
'Windsor, were in attendance. After his Royal Highness had taken a
slight view of the ground, the party proceeded to take the diversion
of shooting ; and after having had a hour and a half's sporting, during
Which 42 pheasants and one hare were bagged,-his Royal Highness
proceeded to the Old Palace, where a dejeuns had been prepared ;
atter partaking of which the Prunes left the Palace, and returned to
Arlington street, where his Royal Highness arrived about 4 o'clock.

Earl Dun&Ay gave a Grath Dinner to his ROYAL Hinman in
the evening, at his residence, in Downing•street. The Dinner
was laid out in the new State Dining Room, which was used
'orn this occasion for the first time since its completion by the late
31r. Gsoaas Ciseteneo, who had this apartment constructed, ca.
table of accommodating a party of fifty or sixty to Dinner, in
'order that the Parliamentary Dinners might be given Ante.
The apartment was elegantly decorated for the occasion, and the
Noble Earl's services of plate had been new burnished. The Dinner,
Which had beets originally ordered for seven o'clock, was altered to
half•past six o'clock, his Royal Highness having expressed his inters-
'ion to honour Drury-lane Theatre with his presence.

The Paws and Suite arrived in Downing-street about a quar-
ter to mien o'clock, in two cif the KING'S carriages, the other
Royal and distinguished Individuals present to meet his Royal
Ilighness were—
The Duke and Duchess of Clarence, Princess Emilie Carolath,
Prince Esterhazy, the Austrian Ambassador, and the Princess
Esterhazy ; Marquis Palmella, the Portuguese Ambassador, and
the Marchioness of Palmellai Monsieur Falck, the Ambassador
Madame from the Netherlands, and Fidel ; Viscount Stabayena,
the Brazilian Minister; Duke of Wellington, the Lord Chancellor
and Lady Lyndhurst, Viscount Beresford, Viscount Palmerston,
Viscount Strangford, Count and Countess Munster, Mr. and Mrs.
Roski,son. Sir Charles Stuart, Sir Frederick Lamb, Lord Bexley,
Earl Nlounteharles, Count Villa Real, Count &Ranting., Monsieur
de Mello, Monsieur de Saldanha, &c.

The Prince, attended by the Noblemen and Gentlemen of his
suite, proceeded in the evening to Drury-lane Theatre.

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.

The public announcement of his Royal Highness Don
Tfliguel's intention of honouring this Theatre with his
presence last evening, had the eff ct of filling the house
at the thing of the curtain ; and we have seldom wit-
nessed a more crowded audience, even when our own
S )vereign ha, been present. The performances con-
sisted f The Critic and Killing no Murder; in both of

which Linos and hlavtitwaippeared with their usual
success ; and, notwithstanding are object *which bad
formed the prominent attraction of the evening, did not
appear, the audience were, by the .excellent acting
of their favourite performers, kept. in perfect good
bamours 'At the conclusion of the second Piece, how.
OCT; linpitieticce kte tbe arrival of the Royal Stranger
began to manifest itself, and all eyes were bent in anxious
expectation on-the Duke of GLOUCESTER'S private box;
which, whilst every other part of the house was crowded
to excess, was entirely empty?' and it was understood
was reserved for the accommodation of the Prince.—
Ten o'clock, however, arrived,- and the overture to the
Pantomime had commenced, before his Royal High.
nees maue his appearance; but when expectation had
almost ceased to exist, the former entered the box,
and was followed by his suite, consisting of the Mar-
clUis PALMELLA, Lord MOUNTCHARIgs, and his usual
attendants. As soon as his Royal Highness was
recognised, he was elle red from every: part of the
House. He immediately came forward to the front
of the b x, and bowed several times to all parts
of the house. His Royal Highness was dressed in a
plain blue coat, with no other decorations than an order
suspended bum the breast. He is slight in person,
nnielestighter than his brother, the EMPEROR, and al-
though -there way be some resemblance between their
faces. the -Eiresitoa's is datker and more masculine in
its expreOhn. His Royal Highness has a powerful pro-
Me, the forehead is high, the nose is much indented, and
Roarin, the mouth and chin are likewise marked, and
the whole is expressive of gravity, and as seen last night,
if not of diffidence,atlesistof something very much re,em-
Ming it. His' froth face is narrow, and possessed of less
power.,On receiving the applause of the audience, .here-
turned it by clapping his hand* several times. This act
on his part only excited warmer expressions of feeling
on the part of the audience. After some time, he,
on. Lord Nlousyrcunitcrs speaking to him, took his
neat, apparently much gratified by his reception. There
was then a general call for "God Save the king," in
compliance with which the curtain rose, and the
National Anthem was sung by that part of the com-
pany which happened to be present, his Royal High-
lips and his suite standing, and joining in the ex-
pression of loyalty which pervaded the audience.
The Pantomine then commenced, and his Royal High-
ness's attention became rivetted to the stage, Lord
Mountehat les from time to time entered into conversation
with him, and appeared to be explaining the business of
the stage as it proceeded. His Royal Highness seemed
to enter into the spirit of the story, and laughed repeat-
edly at several of the tricks, especially at the artless
gambolling of the two innocent babes of the wood, at the
nicks of the leased pig, and at various changes in the
scenery. He remained till the' conclusion of the per-
formance, when he again rose, and.bowed to the audience
on retiring Iron the box, and withdrew amidst renewed
acclamations.

His Grace the Duke of Bum Liven and QUEENSBERRY
Las, hi the handsomest manner, consented to become Patron of the
Exhibition of Paintings and Sculpture about to be openei in Duni.
tries, with the •iew of forwarding a most important object—the
promotion of the. Fine Arcs in the South of Scotland.
His Royal Highness the LoaD HIGH ADMIRAL' pro-
ceeded to Woolwich yesterday morning, for the pur-
pose of inspecting the Etna and Infernal bomb ships,
prey/bus to their sailing for the Mediterranean. The
ships companies of both these vessels were mustered
belore his Royal Highness, who commanded the Ser-
geants of the Royal Marine Detachment to change
their halberts for fusees, after which he saw them go
through the usual manoeuvres. His Royal Highness
expressed his entire satisfaction at the efficiency of both
ships companies, and ordered the bulk heads to be
doubled, and lined with fear-nought. The Etna (Cap-
tain THbars), and the Infernal (Captain Gf LNERT), both
sail on Sunday morning for Portsmouth, there to await
the orders for their final destination.
Mr. Wilmot Horton has written privately to his con-
stituents, at Newcastle under Lyne, to inform them
that he has declined to accept the Office of Vice Presi-
dent of the Board of Trade, in consequence of his un-
willingness to have the peace of the Borough disturbed ;
and has pledged himself to prove the scandalous false-
hood of the charge which has been made against him,
of being a friend to negro slavery. Mr. Wilmot Hor-
ton adds, " However I may regret the circumstances
under u hich I am placed, I shall continue to give the'
most cordial support to his Majesty's Government, as a
private individual, from a deep rooted conviction, that
the principles upon which that Government is founded
ate tirseparAly connected with the best inteteSlS of this
counts y."—Liverpeot Courier.
