..-

si ..
science of political arithmetic, Which was very different from
the jargon called political economy, must knew that a mor-
tality of one in twenty one indicated a frightful degree of men-
tal and physical suffering. The births among the emigrants were
greater than kilown in this country. The births were 61, and the
deaths were tie. The proportion in the United States was three
births to one death, and in this country near two births to one
death; could any thing more strongly prove the dreadful extent of
the deaths amongst the emigrants ? In the City of the plague, that
ratio of mortality was not equalled. He bad compared the deaths
in the fever hospitals of Dublin with those of the emigrants, and
found the latter was much greater ! It had been the complaint of
a certain class of reasoners in this country, from the time of its exist-
.nee, that the population was redundant. It was at t►is hour the
complaint of all savage countries. In the reign of Henry VIII. Sir
Thomas More said, the population was ao redundant, that they
Dim soon devour each other; and about seventy thousand were
put out of the way in that reign by the bands of the executioner.
Jo Klisebetles time the same complaint was made. In the reign
of James the First measures were proposed In that House to check
the population. They were resisted by the great Bacon. who said
that the wastes of the land and the wastes of the ocean proved that
there was a paucity of inhabitants; that great man said human
being. would never be redundant in this country. In this opinion
he perfectly agreed. He was convinced that human beings were
ant redundant in this country at present. He believed it was hardly
possible to exaggerate the distress of the labouring classes--parti-
cularly the agricultural hboerers. The ready cause assigned
for this was redundant population, but the same report of a Corn.
mike* stated that agricultural labour was scarce in the summer
months; and it was known that the harvest could not be gathered
in without the assistance of Irish labourers. He retrained from
entering at any great length upon these points in the present in-
stance, convinced as be was that it would not be very long before
the subject would come in all its bearings before the public. The
effect of the doctrines held out was this—instead of the day when
man became a slave being the day when be should lose his value,
the day when he should becomes free man would be the day when
he should low half his value—( Hear). •
Mr. II US 1: ISSON s.id that the speech of the Hon. Member
for Newark was most extraordinary, as respected the motion which
was before the House, with which k appeared to have little if any
connection.

Mr SADLER said he hoped ►is ignorance of Parliamentary
forms would nut be taken advantage of; but be was led into the
subject by what had fallen from the Hoc. Member who had pro.
sedan him.

Mr. HUSKISSON said he only wished to recal the House to
the subject which was before them. In reference to the philosophi-
c., theories, which had been advanced upon the subject. be should
say that all such theories abstractedly applied were absurd. It bad
been once said, by a great theoretical philosopher—" If a man
has nothing so do—if be is overwhelmed is idleness, let him
;slant a tree." This advice to a man in England, where tint.
Ire is valuable, would be excellent, but place that man in the
wilds of America, and he (sir. Huskisson) world say to him, in-
stead. of planting, cut down a tree. When the Hon. Member for
Newark, therefore, contended that the population of Ireland might
hr increased tenfold, his proposition must be, not abstracted, but
in reference to the increase of the means of maintaining them,
or it amounted to nothing. In reference to the Petition betore
the House, he must say, that any alteration now in the currency
would be productive of the greatest misery to the country.
Mr. CRIPS said that be believed this country had never been
in a state of such distreu as that in which it was at present involved,
and be was sorry that he could not even assent to the proposition.
that the country was at all improving or recovering from its em-
barrassments. lie bad beard it argued that gold and paper could
rover circulate together; but for his own part, he could never see
any good reason why they should not so circulate.
Mr. Alderman WAITH MAN explained.

Mr. BARING and Mr. WODE HOUSE abo severally explained'
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, be should take this opportunity of
replying to a personal matter relating to himself, which bad gone
forth to the world. He was not apt to reply to calumnies against
himself, for he generally treated them with contempt—hut as this
related to his conduct as a public ofSeer, he fek it necessary to reply
to it. It bad been said that belted procured for his brother a large
grant of land in one of the colonies. Now the fact was, that a se-
cond cousin of his had got a grant of land, but be plelge.d his ho-
nour to the House that be never interfered in the matter at all;
and he had further to say, that the grant of land in question was
given under such circumstances that two Gentknien had personally
refused to accept it upon the terms to which his cousin had acceded,
and it could not be presumed, therefore, that it was a very advan-
tageous grant; at all events, he never even knew of the transaction
until atter it was completed.
Sir GEORGE MURRAY corroborated the statement of the
Right Honourable Gentlenianf _ _ _

%Jr. BROUGHAM said, that in his opinion the explanation*
were unnecessary. for, had he not been a public officer, lee would
have been bound to itch a gross calumny with the most inef-
fable contempt—(Cheers) The Honourable and Learned Gentle.
man then replied to the arguments adduced in the course of the
debate, and then moved that the petition do he on the table.
After a tew words from Mr. BAILUIG and Mr. 1311,01.7014A111, the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. Secretary PEEL gave notice, that to-morrow be should
move, that the House, at its rising, to adjourn till Friday next.
Mr. WILMOT-HOUTON afterwards moved his Resolutions
respecting the unemployed, but able-bodied portions of the pope-1
lation ; but they were Negatived, on the motion that the preview
question be put, which was carried.
Mr. LA BOUCHERE postponed his modes respecting Ca-
nada till tomorrow (this day).
Mr. O. CAVE moved resolutions as to slavery, that no Inman
Legislature had the right to curtail liberty, &e. Having with coo.
siderable difficulty got somebody to second them.
Mr. W. SMITH said, the subject ought to be postponed, and
not so debated—(Hear, hear).
Sir G. MURRAY abstained, for like reason, from saying any
thing on the subject.
Mr. HUSKISSON said the question ought to be met with n
direct negative.
The gallery was cleared for a division.
All the Members went out, but no numbers were declared.
The SPEAKER said, the Noes bad it.
The numbers present were—Aye 1--Noes 4S.
The remaining Orders were then disposed of, and the Hesse
adjourned at Two o'Cioce.

Yeste,,lay motnine tie Anniver•ary Meeting of the
Charity Children of the numerous Schools in Loodnn and West.
ntin•ter (an ezbib:tion exclusively English) was held at St. Pant's
Cathedral. The children began to arrive soon after ten o'clock
from all parts of the metropolis, and by twelve o'clock the galleries
erected for the Purpose were filled with childres, amounting to
many thousands. 'lle thief:eta of the weather drew crowds of
mit.irs, and the attendanse of the public was very numerous.—
There were not many persona of the head Sass, but the citthats save
a full attendance.

crassest for the Repreentation of the University
of Gimbridge has atsumed a character which makes
g en, 4: I y interesting. Many CandiJa•es hope been
nan ed, but it soon bec ime kilos n that Mr. CAvssi.
LISH And his ntab:e family ♦alueJ nut the represeata•
non f the University ►o much as a few interested
Mem!) rs r f his College imagined, and that he had
thclined their proffered support. Mt. ALDERSON
11,er, became the pirricip4l opponent of Nlr. GEORGE
lIA Nicks—known among the Lawyers to be a Liberal—
lie thought to deceive the Clergy by professing, in hi►
own phrase, to support "the prand measures of his
MAItiTII ti Nl.nisters I" This disgusted the Whigs, and
reitin4 Mr. WILLIAMS as unfit for their purpose on
this occas.m., they in despair pressed again Mr. CAVED*
"Hsu to permit them to put him in nomination. as the
pray person likely to oppose with success Mr.Gsonos
BARREN and Mr. CAVENDISH has tardily and teluct-
artly assented to their wishes.

We hear dux Mr.CAvanutsu distinguished himself
march at the University; and had it been his own wish
to represent his Alma Mater in Parliament—had he
offered himself on personal grounds, many would have
!avowed his views, who, new that be has deviated from
his brat and better sesolution, and suffered himself to
become the organ of the Whig party, must on principle
oppose him. The Whip are making every exertion:
they know that the wishe, of Government are with Mr.
Dame n) and they envy his success, as tending to
strengthen the Tory party, and they hate both him and
his family fir their tit m conduct on the Catholic It lief
-But the Whip miscalculate the strength and in-
dependent virtue of the resident Clergy, it they think
to sneered; for Mr.•Ar.Deason has retired, and thus
made it a contest between the Whip and Tories; and
this fact needs only to be generally known to =awe
Mr. DAVIEWS success.

CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY.— The COMMIT-
TEE for PROMOTING the ELECTION of Mr. GEO.
BA NKES, SITS DAILY, at No. I, Cecitipur street, Charing-
cro.s. Lord LOWTHER In the Chair.

Due notice of the Day of Election will be given. and arrange-
ments made for facilitating conveyances to Cambridge.

CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.—The
COMMITTEE for CONDUCTING the ELECTION
of Mr. CAVENDISH SITS DAILY at the Banun Coma
Housa, Coekspur.street, where it is requested that all Inquiries
and Communications may be addressed.

As soon as the day of Election is fixed, it will be notified by the
Committee ; and arrangements will be made for fatetating the
conveyance of the Members of the Senate.
CHARLES BABBAGE, Chairman.
British Cofee•hoaeq Cockspnr.street, June 1, Hitt.
