YORK, Nov. 2.

A melancholy accident occurred* WI M )11day last,
cc board 'the steam bokt, whilst PlYing. Exam Hull
toSelby: Among the passengers- were four rhispp i-
sireeref I, who had been indulging with liquor rather
too freely, and one of them endeavoured to .muse the
rasse.,gers by mounting the oar side of the chimney, and
gating his intention of stopping the mouth of it, whets,
shocking to relate, in endeavouring to .t ke hold of one
of the toper, he missrdfis grasp, and fell upon the en:
glne below. The engineer, aho was proceeding to
mend the fire, hearing a noise, turned round and ob-
sessed the man Ding ersthe Boer of the.roons, With his
head completely cut id.feisat-ind the content' plum.-
deed about the plate." itia Was takep, up oirducit.to
wait the retail" of the env:riser's inquest it &lby.

THE ARMY..,

unrinaz. LOAD PIIIIIILOZIL

.t *•-•

. -
The late Gown' Earl of Finesaote entered the service om die
Ho of september, 1775, As en Easign in the 22th Regiment of
Net; obtalued a Liesitenaen 10..1776, sad was, appointed to a
Company en the lath of January, 1778, its the 75th Regiment of
Isfantry. He was tranifeetedrop the Stith of December, 1778,
to the let Regiment of Maisons, obtained as the Id of April,
1781, s Majorhy in the 29c1 Light DralloOney Wag appointed -ow
ale 1311 December, 1781, Lieutenant-Colonel lerthe Yd Reeinwut
of
(lagoon Guards. and was. made Colonel is the Army oath*
18th of October, 1793.. U. was raised to the rank of liajor-Ge-
rural es the Nth of "February, 1.78ie to that .of •Lkatifaantooll''
semi, as the allds a April, 1808, sad is that of General, on,the •
lit ef January, NIL Ile was appointed on the /Ala of De.
Lumber, 1787, Calcood 4 UN Bth Dragoons, sad in December,
1007, Governor of .butiemsezt
The Detiedemeteen ilf ghe undermentioned Reginteetta
wired is town yesterday, Dual Chatham, on route as unelee4 TIM
Itik Rowers, for Brighton ; the 35th Foot,fur Jersey die 1/4air'
Foot, fur Cork ;" the 71st Foot, for Hull ; d* 94th Foutjeiralp:.
seal; and the 96th From, for Plymouth.
Ile following Deiacinnentaarrived in town yesterday
bee Ihrtpold, route to titre endermentrooed statieTTllllll
itti Lancers, for Noir:ids ; the -loth Foot, for. Chatham a.ondarl
Detubstent belonging to the East India Company's SIOViCe, fort(,
&them.

Detachment betonging to the 14th Regiment of bilantry".
arrived in town yesterday morning, Irons Hertford,' an sweet to
Ulmer Castle. _ _ _ . _

A Deucbment .r the 41st Foot arrived in town yesierday awn-
Leg, kom Salisbury, on toot! to Dover.

NAVAL • DiTELLIG ENCt

The Ann, hawse. trills liOnalcal "941"1„; Ilflllitirillbsir.
lii, oath, Hun Sands in the *went: . - . :.• t - •$P- .:
ihe Hope, front firtriels. lA. Limwitra*thellif hi* ttf.
man an Wednesday, but expected to be got off that eonniog!
. .
FAIJIMIIII, Nov.d.—Wind N.
?palms Nov. I.—Wiod W.N.W...-Areisreel the 'Sobers
Cetz, frog ileadna..-41cataira.in flasittate the Britannia, Op
Winder Castle, Linnet. and Anaelespe r evils, Island, the Vigildikk
hidistingale,and Bra** ;in die Sound. the 'Leveret.
hanneene, Nor. 4:r-,Witad. N. bj 11.—Antived frost •Lsiailir
de Isla Weekly Al" Leas., for Alkekba.. - '
Dui, Nov. 2.—Wilid. N. W. by 8/...krelvesd Wen Loodollik
Radiant, Peu.urs, for Balda p Calisaa. Howstas. foe' Net! 111411
Wales; Harmony, Titania, for isolialta; and sliwirital. Psi*,
1 fat lbw Ted.. . , • .1- '
- •• ,„_ , „
The grad 'Wens of- 'Miss Simper. to T. cons*:
affi. test ph, en Wednesday, ai "alresdratated, at the erlega`st
renew. of )tr. tinniness; at arantford.hill. The ceremony
beta at trw **lL' Cciierss 'dere laid for seventy; the plate and
dessert enviers were magnigitent. 'The refreshments cemslated of
every this/ in season. The Ladle? dresses were superb, displaying
loss the limit part a proration ot thatooods. The bride and bride-
woes =err; at .fiattpast iiikt o'clock during the deathigs
*Lid after Maine. •Valtses and quatirtiles Were.
&need Htersately.
THOMAS MOORI,ESQ.6I:t the Annual Dinsercalthe
Members of the Commeecial News Roan, Wexford,
held on the Bth ultimo, a discussion arose, after pro-.
Ming tbehealth of Mr. MOOIII4 as to whetherWexford
or Dublin wasentstled to the honour of being the birth-
Plate of the poet? A wager was the result ; and an
appeal being made to Mr. bionic himself, that Gentle-
man returned the following answer :

T
" " Seaports(' Camp, Hestisessi !Oda&
Sll-00 any return home late night, after a monde*ght, alasellet:
'foetid your letter of the 9th instant, which I loge no three
04 It tatters eve very much that any one shoold think any
Dinh-peep worth a wafer; and I should bell/lasi to. be able to de-
ride kin sorb a way that neither party should lose. But, as his,
the Wetfottlians meat pay down, as I wait born In IMblin, No. It,
Asagier.ttreet.—Your very obliged, Ste..
a GUls' mu'.
" THOMAS
DI" ''"ertY, Once of the Wexford
eAresint Post, Wexford, Iceland."
The first GRIMALDI celebrated on the stage, appeareJ
at Paris about the year 1735, when his athletic force
and extraordinary agility procured him the sobriquet
"Jambee de Per' (Iron Leg). In the year 1742.
Alehmet Effendi, Ambassador of the Porte, visited
Is received with the highest honotir and ut-
:tion, and the (Inuit having ordered a per-
tor the Turk's entertainment, GRIMALDI was
' to exert himself to the utmost to effect
. In obedience to his directions, its-msking a.
leap, his font actually struck a lustre. Pi^cesi
the stage, and one of the.glass diops was
the lace of the. Ambassador. It was theta.
to demand some reward from the personage.
the entertainment was prepared, and, at tne
of the piece, Garsaat.nt waited upon the
for the usual present if the Turk had
ihe exprestion of his anger at the accident,
however extinct; for, on rite appearance of
he directed him to be seized by his attend.
~arhpotted in his theatrical costume to his'
'here, after undergoing a severe bastinado.
actor Was till US( into the street, with only his
its fur Iris recompense.

•
• • 'WOW' LNG I NTii •
, •
FIELD SPOITTS FOX N "s- •••
• 4-
• • FRODI Tilt 411111• LS 01 lIPORII.O. .'' •
Thersa*elisist upon the moon,
A clineng *vr ou hedge-row auk%
A veil coskealing haWthe glace
Or ortoree smiling maths face; "
Nesewstser cornet ; the herald he, •
Of winter, scathing flower sod true. • •
Whilst moaniniwinds, and gu,bins storms.
Borer about his chilling form
Yet what care we? Thanes voice
Shouts to the Sportsman's ear 0 rejoice ;"
•
And conjures up, as blithe she sings,
Jodial, long lueLed.fer, joyous things;
"
The Ilsorre's shout, and gladsome cry, ••••
Of bolo and hound; blithe minstrelsy!
The Churscr's spirit—spoke halloo,
As his sleek dogs dart on at view;
The aheeter's whistle, Angler's arm, .• •
As he plods merrily along, •
Soon as the morning thews its beam,
To the Pilie's haunt, in shadowy menu.
These make the mist. and storm and winds
But scantly eared for in our mind;
Yet theykoaapel us to remember,
month A. We T. leda.
November is altogether a sporting month, a period, indeed,whqs
almost every kind of field sport may be enjoyed. though.» loth
mutely connected with shooting we should add, 'bat grouse era
not be easily approached ; and Partridges, except indeed, whom
they have been but little disturbed, will be found very .
Pheasant-shooting, however, will he to perfection; mid she hatell
hatches a these bi de. and many are always to be met wkly.'s:o*
have attained a toletable growth or size. Then, if we regard
Augtist as the period foe Orator, September foe Partridges, fithr!
tuber for Pheasants, so opt may., without twinuittiog en message'
upon truth,or consioency, encoder the present,» the rnmarli roe.
Woodcocks. Snipes will, also, be found pumerous. This little
bird brverY cipriciuus in its movements, and where hundreds, nr
perhaps thoulinds, present themselves to-day., not a untie 04it
will be Mond to-morrow. This, however, is not the caw with the
Woodcock; which, if not "eery much disturbed; will COMunif abotg
the same spot, as long, It least; as Toad is to be obtained.
At the slate (13th Sept„) on which this is penned, we learn that
this delicate bird has'afrcady begun to make its appearance smung
.us, denoting thereby that winter and cold weather is at imd.-7.
A sportsm m, ranting the fields on I ielpert Faim.ilnderbarroiv,
said the Westriseirlend Geseiti, on Tu....day last,
." flushed • the
atranier bird, but it escaped to await another Gil td. - lie did
not hag it."
The .gveyeeifed. the harrier, the ferkimed, may now be consi-
dered its a
,state of active requisition, and ail far as any Criterion'
cad be formed front the qrantity of game, gad spriet cannot-fail to
be experienced. The most extensive estatilislimetili, the most
impottant meetings, Ate. ate. in which tbeir`sageakis and maim
concomitants' its our glorious sports are severally empleyfd,
from titre to time, be faithfully ebronkled in tht.e Annals ; and we
flatter ourselves that, however mi`r subscriber, amy fare in thejseill,
they will have no occasion to compbb iddrdpit atiesei :ive shalt
prow* for the claw.
• '=
• • •

..~

NEW MAIM= HOUGHT(PiIig. STING.
....,./ . .
Nitirasiann, 'Finial, Nagq.
The Col;owiag is a correct account or the day's sport— . ...i°
Match, 100 h. ft. Bu. 51b. each. T.Y.C. • 4
Mr. Payne, et by W,bal.bo nt—Snowdrop .
Mr. Itantsbintons's.Prlsos .
Bettios,4 to sooc. by 'Whalebone. Won hy a length. Amen
rode the winner. ..
. . . Jlatcb, 100. au. . . ...
Mr: trby's Tine, ag. sib.
_..- . . I
:Lord Wharnchde's Carthusian 84. sth. . . . _ 9

Betting-7 to og Two. Woo by a length.- .7„jangns toe the
winger.

Match, 200, b. ft. T.T.C. .
..Lotd Faster's Enamel, tht. 71b. . 1
PC Paynes 14!rood, gar: 31b. . . . - 2.
Betting-7 to 4 apt Enamel. Won by a lends, Dockery red,
,
de wanner,
a :, •
M.tch, 100. A;F. .
. , .
Mr. Minis :Radcliffe. Maria, Ilst. 91b. a • . • .
Mr. Hunter's Lutzen, gat. 41b. .
B. tting-6 to 4on Maria. Won by a length. . Robinson..
the winner. '
IA Gold Cup, value 80 sm.. by a Seh.cription of 10 sows. each, for
three yr olds and upwards. A 6.14.
fir, mine Othello, 3 yes, 7st. . . .. . . . I
hard Tavistuck's Pilot, 3 yrs, 6st. 41b. . . . 2
Mr. Scott Stonehewer's Oothawli, 4 yrs, est. 61b. . *-
Mr. Sowerhy's Lionel Lincoln, 5 yrs. 64. 111). . ''4,
Dyke of Ricblllolllrs Min Craven; 5 yrs 7st. 21b. . if
,;fir. Payne. Ilable, 4 yrs, sit. M. Mr. Sowtrby's Skit, • In%
)gale.. lib. Air; Payne's Mastitis. 6 yrs, 9st. Mr. Wyndhaves Grew
pita.3grs. 70.21 b. and Mt. Mills . I.ataei, 3 yrs, 7st. paid. .
•
, 'llitting—Evettoo. Othello; 7to 1 agst Pilot . • 7 to 2 ag.t Oen!,
pm,. A fine tam, mid won, by a half a length. Paris rode the:
winner.
:Tint •sdlerirbilltalses of 30 sms. each, for horses of all ape Ow,
_ i'
..peiskb epcpted). A 8.C..
Mr. Scott ittawdslweri Souvenir, 3 yrs, 6ste 01b. ' . I
Mr. Udny's chi PartbanAMloPe. 5 yrs 6st. 31b. . •It
Lord -Whantchlrea Pastime. SYllceet. lOW '. t • '1
Mr. Hunter's ch. c. LUtzen. 3 yrs, 3.t. 1316. • . •
Mr. Sowarby's Sbiff, Si yrs, Ilat. 51b.. • . • 1
i -Mr. Wypdham's Chateau Manaus% S yrs, int. 31b. paid tO sow.
Jar. Payne's Hetents, 6 yrs, 10.-.51h. paid IQ spy.. and Mr. Scott
itenehewer's Goshawk, 4 yrs. 711. 91b. paid.: • -' •
Betting--6 to 4 apt %Alveoli; sto I apt c. by Padtfiwn; IMI
apt Pastime • and 100 to I apt I...utzep. A poSnle!alten 6re
length. petit rcide the winner. • . ,
:klatch, 100. A.P. '• ' - •: , •
Colonel Wilson's Lamplighter, gat. 61111.-rer. ft: Mil Slr. Payne's
. .. .
'Belzoni, 3st. 31b. • - ''
__. .. --- • ' • •
WORCESTER AUTUMN MUTING, Nov. 1..
A Sweertakes of 5 sows. cacti, fortlnalkOoldff the present !rasa";
to take four 4 feet leaps In each beet 'Slew, two mass.
Mr. Parker's Corooer, aged . - •.'i . ' . • 11 l'
.•. -
Mr. Wiltiamia •b. g. Hazard, aged - . . . 'll " 3
. .
tdr.Jnnes's b. g. Waverley, aged . • • '., •
' • - dis
In the first heat Waverley knocked down.llist it diedlnstalletapd
was di.tanced; IA the second, .Hazard broke the tap' rail ef dal Gilt
hurdle, and having to be turned,last so moat grossed that lin meld
not catch Coroner. .
The Cavalry Cup, Heats, a mile and a quarter. . .
Mr. Payne's b. g. Crack, 6 yrs . . I 3 I
Mr. Palfrey named Little Jack,' yrs . . S Idr
Mr. Turk's Timour, 5 yrs . • . It
~ .1 di

.1
I

HUNTING.
The King's &ag Hounds meet on •Monday at SAM* _• Pako
day at larcbant, near Staines. .
H. Joliffe, Esq.'s Fox Houndi ea-Monday, at eltatdoset,Wed.'
nesday, at the n3d mile-stone, Crawley-road; and Saturday, at
Reigatr•bilt.
Surrey Fox Hounds on Monday, at Riddleedovrn; Thursday, at
Halftone; and Saturday, at Pratt's-bottom.
The Harriers on Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday, at San.
derstrad.

Wednesday evening, an elopement took place from
uppisigham, which has excited a considerable degree of intereet,...
The Gentleman is a sporting character, well known In t►e Costes.
mere hunt, and the Lady the darghter of a Gentleman at the Dar
Lincoln Me►ew,y.
CHARMING or SißTENTS.—Whatever he the means
employed, it is certain that the serpents, upon which the natives of
the East esercise a power reline:bung t►at of magic, are not, as some
have pretended, depraved of the poisonous qualities of their species
by nature or art. A Gtneleman having, at Surat, seen these ant.
mak crawl and twine over the naked bodies of childr►n belonging
to the dormers, ventured to approach the reptiles, and allowed than
to cceep upon his own body. He paid dearlyfor his tetnerity,bowever,
for he wet bitten and died is two hours.—Leaden Neatly Reuitti.'
Ina litter to Captain Locate, rcat.som sale, e• Yon
must have heard, long before this reaches you, that
Prince WILLIAM (the Duke of Clarence) is under my
command. I shall endeavour to take care that he is not,
a loser by that -circumstance. He, has his foibl4l:as
well as private men, but they are far overbalanced by
his virtues. In his prolessional line he is soperioe.tn
nearly two.thirds. I.am sure, of the list: aadin atten-
dont° orders, and respect w his superiar Ofscera
hardly know his equal. His Royal Ugliness keeps up
Maier discipline in his ship, and without payiegtierinty
moment, she is one of the finest ordered frigatei I
'hate sere

,« 1 .5 ; r.~;i

•• • • ff4s. •• • • -1402 0:14011., .
• - FORGET' SIR NOY( •* • -f
•cn
Mr.
ACl.,llllleAse's earstial publieati• "ratee •
• orgrt •
:Tv.bit aitildy. made appear ante for the leen
1 Z. his. a spyndid little, work, the external. aosl.
Atitnal ornamerus*of which eikevers more elega3t and
-ta teful than liitheito ; and it is altiagether.calcolated to
etteotiilf4ensen' to file .orts, eitinsement to the Pnb •
11. c, and trieheiisli Literature. The engravings are exqni
•ite, ana*.letter.press beaurifur. The pint ofthr
*'• liiiitaMoining" is an interesting composition; the ;ha •
'reicteraatiwell gfOUpril, Znclit is.executeiffin a bold and
liesterty niannit. • The print of. "The Si ter Dream,"
1 fiisely co ;c_ejled, . the engraviug.dres ample justice
to the subject, end these observation's will alsMapply to
the 1 rift of Baarnm Slave," a whole length figuie
of a negro gill, who has just escaped from the bonds of
slavery • the " Shy Maiden with her lover, in the act of
fitting* on the Wedding King.' at the Goldsmiths;"
the" Polite di Rialto;"" Corporal Trim ;" the " Seventh
'Plague of .Egypt;" the " Sketch;" the " Legend of
Mabe Crosl•d the " Triumph of Poetry;" the " Hop'
Girl;" the" Logician ;" and the" Kent E•st Indiaman."
The.dertrUction of ihisltnfoyturiate by flue, is elo-
qUenily drsciihesl by the Rev. Henry Stebbing.
Io the Preface. the spirited Pu,hli,her and the Editor
acknoetedgeriteir obligations to John Allnut, EA of.
Cl4o4tit, tyr the grcuitoqs loan of two pictures in his
'valitible collection, from which the engravings Are
math-of the Hop Cid And the Lo,tic;an •to Mr. free.
nvin,:of 'Nor:itch, fisr-that *of the Wedding Rim • ; and
to Mr.L Liepton for the use of the exquisite drawingf
s*veradt..P4gue.of ypi, embodying nne of the
most magniticetkc contention, of
.314;64, which it Telt-
dered by the graver of Le Keux with a force of effect,
that •atir4 •rank Ibis. pLtte among the most, bsilliant
•serits!lF•aka, • :.`".4 .
Thiel:44MT deisatiment, fully nphnidiiiit the. high
the:atter which has acqu led, for this Annti4l Gem,
the ansatingcirculation oT fif een thousand copies, cam•
prises most of writers in the f—rmer volumes, besides
marry new ones; among others, the distinguished names
of Caseptiell, Cunnivgbam, Iloote, dtc. The Ladies,'
likvisibe, have ju,t veasvn 'to be proud of this volume,'
wiricb,brats a most, honourable testimony to the female
talentof the present p-riod; with specimens of which
we atiill be happy, occasionally, t u gratify our readers.

BAa sass—ln 111.ireN . the price of the loaf was
seventeen pence, whin'new reread was forbidden to be eaten. and
the•baken wAs h.bie to 'a penalty of five shillings per loaf, if W-
ould it.beture it was twenty-four hours old. At present the price
Of the fourinund lost i $ eee n pence, and in some shops it may be
giurchared fue,sixpence halfpenny.
A new Surgical. Hospital is to be erected in the
peighbourhOod•of Charing-ernes, where the Kiss, with his twat
and eliiiracteinte-eisininessee, has given a spot of ground ore vrbkir
It is be ereesed... A benevolent individual bas given, within *NW
few days, £1,500 tovrerds. a fund for the.buildlag.
.A dividend on the bankruptcy of the partners in this
jatesgast Darin Bank at Honiton has been declared, ms,
the joint estaiesiof one penny in the pound.-Bari Cir.
The•Viantall pay greex' respect to a portly form.
The fOlowitig ie .an. amusing instance of this feeling,
from the .11i4nre of Shah:—" The Emperor of
Mahenood the Fifth, the great rival of
Midst-Shahs defiling to humble the vanity of that con-
querors. arid ken;wi.ig 'he valued himself more on his
supeeiorhodiippoiver and stentorian voice than pn any
othei tittaldiets,sel?cted.as,an envoy to 'Persia, a porter
of. eatrao4narpperspnal stiength.and most powerful
innesai:The egioyhad merely charge of aletter, which
her vrditold'to.diliver in person to the King, to require
isn'aniwer, and return. The fame. of this remarkable
siapistmatist‘p*ededliini.4.and Nadir.was advised nn*,
lri7receive him. as his deputation siae deemed an insult.
But cotiosity,overcanie all other considerations, and he
•was introdued one day thatkehete was a very full Coat t.
When the Turk approached the throne, Nadir, assuming
his fiercest look and exciting his voice to the utmost,
.said, " What do you desired( me?" Almost all started,
and the hall vibrated. to 'the sound; but the envny,
'with an undaunted air, and a scree of thunder,
which' made Nadir's Appear like the treble of a child,
exclaimed. 4:Tik. that letter, and give me in answer,
that 1 may Warn to' my master. The Court were
in amazement; alt eyes were turned on Nadir, whose
fiowning coontenance gradually relaxed into a smile,
and, turning to his courtiers, he said, 4, After all,
the fellow certainly has merit: He was outdone,
but he 'could not help, like Hajee Hashem, respecting
ip another the qualities-he valued ie himself. Nadir is
star, ol so-have retested the intended insult, by saying to
114 envoy, whessimAave him lease to depart, r Tell
Mabasood I re glaclou find he has one man in his do-
mioionst and hes. had the good sense to send him here,-
that we-,may be satisfied of the fact.'"
Yei*clayAifternoon an Inquest was held before Mr..
Heiciiridwe Obtonerkon the body of ARTHUR BKNSON•
E1t...1110-6.6-01:the principal Committee Clerks in the
Hoene of tomezons.-, !Fhe Jury were empanelled in the
drawing room nf the- deceised's late residence, Nu. 19,
Abingdonastreet, 'Westminsier. It appeared .in evi-
„deltic. shat the-decesied Gentleman was 74 years of
age. and had held the above situation overly half that
time. He was an.extreMely corpolent man, and of
fblt 'habit of body; spoplesy was theref se an•ici-
pmed-X Dr. of.
if Etarkville.street, was hismedical
Amoslifil, and Trom such an .apptehension- he frequently.
bled the'old gentlensan,. and for two. -day: previous to
hii`di'ssolution• he appeared mush better than he had
heen'for months before. On Thursday aftesnooniabout
tnaelialte deceased lift home on foot, bat at the Horse
Guards henookfa coach, and dee'rekthe coachman to
iftiveto Mr. Parkinson's, the dentist and supper in Sack
viliessneet, it being his intention to undergo the operatic"
-of capping. On the arrival of the coach at Mr. Pre
bouse,-the coachman knocked at the door, and Mr.
'Sniff, Mr. Pal kinson's assistant, ven.t.tia the coachdune,
and 'perceived the deceased, whom he well.knew, sitting
in one 'tomer of• the. coach with his head reclining
against the side. He at first thought he was asleep,
and shack his erns, but. nbt kiting ablefe arouse him;
he got into the coach,' and. on lea:nig his pulse, be,
discovered it'. bad ceased, its offi. e, and the deceased
was Tine dead, although warm. He immediately sentfur
Mr.Vanee and Mr...iewell,the two niedicalG en lemen,bui
it was -useless to make anyattempt to restore him; as life
was extiitct.Mr.Vance and Mr. Jewell stated it to be their
joint opinion, that the aeeeased's death was anquestion•
ably produced by• apoplery r anti that when they saw
him, bemuse have been dead full twenty minutes, and
•tmust have died almost immediately alter he entered
the coach: His brother, a.few weeks since, also dielot
apoptery it Peterborough. The Jury gemmed a verdict,
.thaithe deceased died from apoplexy. He was amass
highly respected. And has left 'a family, and a large
circle-of fitiends to deplore his wide" dissolution.

An Inquest was held last night at the Middlesex Hos;
nn the biidJr of Samuel MaAalls, who died.in
that Hoipilal, inconsequence of a kick from a vicious
hoist, ail be was passing thiough- a field id which the
horse *as-gra:4lg. Tug injury took place on the 21st
of September, and after his skull had been trepanned, he
*Frond tb be genius better: but he died on Thursday
twotainp • A &mind of 304 was imposed on the bone.
•

:;

NA7
IF
, 1

141,4IFiii— 84- 411114401111- • Oer; st,
." ...G.,. I .., -•
Tha.qtatt.AJTY•!liiviatiOlk.
oYulkecktpat part of eir'
doty,firbitir olist4to thselgthlfust sort uttoih!eindence •
Ref 04 /MIS before tkem. do preseaptiirat in con e-
quence of the Leoreotable iscrease at crime in. theme. •
t ropoli the huainess.ot :dr4ail•Jusl bits 14tv*Wv in-
creased to 114 a ruagnitassfe, the! possible.
for one body of Gentlemen to claschirge ;law jyrimims
duties in a mounter becoming. its irni•ort tora./.,str
The Legislat ore has already interfered to lighipsubt
labour► of those appointed to icy rieudellia•thi4o,..myy,
and•they theeetorepteseat that it is sibiolusay pecriwily
that two Grand Juries s! mild sit ss:resultasiesinsly for the
dispatch of business at.each Sessioos, the one•to decide
spots cares of mod. importance, the rotille•to, ezasuse
inn, cases of assault and petty lerterlys
.•
The Grand Jury deeply lament the' 'soother ottasea
which have been brought before them, of boys of 11111
most tender age being accused, of petty larceny in ter'
ahops of pastry cooks and tattratilia.emastation of who*
...siting
boards within reach rf the hungry. child she)
Ihisie ben unable t!, resist; and they cariapt,ficip thinks,:
tog that to the injudicious conductasPme.tradespeop4V
in thus exposing their goods at (pen windows, and is
many cases even without the limits prescribed by law,may
in a great Imeasnre be attributed the alai nsingincrease of
crime qtl icti t' ey have bad, occasion to remark. A
.starving boy begins ,hy.snatelringa toll or a cake front •
an open wintic,w, and, paired' from step tri,step till he'.
casta..c.teer on the scaffold. They lament That the,
aika.l4 be such that they wereabliged to fiord s talati.
bill against two children, foe stealing see peorty bun •
strongly recommend an applicimiiin to the. Leh
toire.to tevi:e the law of petty tarifa', mad thaktbe
tate* abould be erableat ttdprotAilia?ihmalieutry.
r eringainst such offenders by publicar.private whip-
ping p! soli,ary ,confinensent only, .which modes of
punishment they strongly recommend to the Magistrates.
to is ct more frequently- upon offenders of that de
sole von.
The Grand Jtkry reflect. with indignation upon the,
attempt made to discharge them, when they publicly
in Court declared that they had not completed what
they hereby declare arid pre.ent to be the mist import,.
ant branch of their duties, as well as their undoubted
right and privilege,—that of visiting the county prisons,
and mak ng their presentment to the Chairman of the
Sessions concerning all things %%bids they deem worthy '
of notice or observation ; and they declare and present
that the Court his no power or authority to discharge
them, until they unanimously declare that they have
completed the whole of their arduous duties; and that.
to di:charge or attempt to discharge the Grand
before they have completed the visitation of the. prisons.
or any other branch of their inquiries, is not only ea►
infringement upon their undoubted rights and Fifa:"
leges, but is.likevrise.conttary to law, and sithrtUy invalid,
and,inoperatise.
• The Grand Jury deeply lament that any dteatliee of
.their body-should be so unmindful of his duty to Mn
'brother Jurymen and to the country at large, as, from
as selfish within get rid of his public duty iota-der to
return to his private occupy ions, to inform,;he Corot
this the Grand juiy had completed their labours, when
the must important part of it remained unperformed.
and to request the Court to d icha;ge the Grand Jen.
The Grand Jury have eximined• miuutely into tl e
state of the House of Correction and the New Prises,
'and are glad,to observe the order and c4canigess sibir,h •
prevail through every department.
At the same time,' they cannot help obsereingiethati
'tom New Prison seems to be wholly iriadequate tor, the
retillittiesitn whicit it•istkiai4,)n point. v 4 sine. in cop*.
'sequence of the lamentable iticreast, tn crime. • They
:Arco& opinion. that its this prisuu is particulely see
apart for the safe security of persons only accused, hot-
not . cmisicted of any csime, ppportun ty ought to be .
lifforded to persons of respectability fo obtain a separate•
,epartmenr. They are likewise of. opinion,' that those
1 who have never. been convicted of spy crime at any •
-time ought to be kept s,Parate from,those-wins have
before been inmates of this or any. other prison; sod: • .
they regret, generally, that upon comparing this prisony.'...
with the House 4- f Correction, it appears that the
goners who are in the New Prison only upon• suspicion
are not in, so good's situation as those 'who have beta .
'convicted, and are undergoing imprisonment under •
'sentence in the House of Correction.
• The Grand Jury cannot help thinking, that •in a 4
House:of Correction, if possible, almost too mirth
tendon is paid to the comforts of the offenders,. so as•' •••
nearly to deprive imprisonment of all its terrors. • ...
. .
Jr • •
The classification in this prison seems to be tdrcterusr:.
`bet the Grand Jury remark That there are no
prisoners confined in solitaty cells;7-a species of pintas-, .
mentwhich they wish to be extewsiveiy put' imd
practiCe. They'd() likewise further present to the Qom-.
that where boys' are sentenced to imprisoomeovind a
'whipping, that they, should not be whipped:till imme-
diately before their.discharge, by which means the dread
'of that 'punishment would be held over them, end their
'friends mould have an opportunity of observing the
punishment they had undergone. • •
Tire Grind Jury do further present;ihat thethavtir
examined 'Robert Gourley; a prisoner*.eonitte, rti the
House of CorrectiOn, is a suspectedlffnUtic; • bietti
rectirrimerid his case to the ConsratitSciii rt.
that if upon examination he slioulo te.tirior'od trite
no longer A ilangeicitil lunatic, he Would he disi'setitef;
and that ik he,s,ill is a lunatic.• he. shoulir.be iteancried
to an asylilm where- hilljailtalre• of
paper assistance, Sod "r#ruedieSlo-nftect a tare led:
The Grand Juty haying now 'ecupleted tit s-
ous duties, arid haring made this their pre:emirs"( ,
the several matters and things which they deem wqrth,E
of, the attention of the •(otsrt, °lre!: thensaiti4.s Yes Pi*
Court to bc.dicbinged..

s

~. __•.

Afk

3 N!!1

• kt

-.. , .

. • :

<a 4

' A meeting of the inhabitants of the Out.Wassl of the
parish of St. •George, Hanover Square, was held an.
Thursday evening, at the Gun .Tavern, Pimlico,....ta re-
ceive the Report .of the Committee Ice. opposing- the
Grostener Place Improvement BiH, and other business
of imphrsauce 'dative to the Ward. UstiCbeirJeas
taken by Dr. Clarke, and a number of aesolutinns,.des,
Ciaratory of -the intention of am Meeting to oppose any
divi,i,n of the Parish.. aid expressive ot -its.disaffesobs.
Hon of the conduct of the individuals appointed %%Inas"
tees under the Act, mere then pasaisiimvistiMpasly.
The phenottenon of the borning.hiß atNtylinnushit
became inucit more extended. it nowsictively.waltiatitelleressw •
smoke in sixteen digerent parts, ancloccasionally.lift. .1
A star.. t esensbling the pl4net &horn, both *winos.
end- apparent .magnitsde, then* tilt little bill* ihtituait •
en account of its greatiwatisis dal swyntrr
small .inertdiair altitude, Is.now,Ohiels 'the Wilirsat
-about worn evenng. • ' . • •
AA,
Ot all animals serpents- ;muesli by tar. the;reallast
number. of ribs, Which amount in.soint to 250 po rss-It
is necessary to asebtion the cosecs scipulares of tbisol es.
di scabelo (arinber .na its), which. enable, the animal so.
inflate its neck. This is also the case lialth cdlceaspeeista
of the solatber, namely, the Egyptian csishir kicouthiph
can dilate Ks neck :cry consider** vim art Liu

.„ ~

._

104.
,

4 4 It

'~

as
era rans, he wal
es brat distinct
era ("finance for
a • rf ranianded
rbl lhai object.
• it. iinptistn2 le,
• 110 tr,.l; tl
thrown in th,
is flitomary to
the l"r Wham ill
ID COnClUmOil c
if Illssulman
Ce concealed th,
'e "'Ns not ho
Jo 4 buffoon,
O ti. And tr.
t:
• NJcnce MI
r It4ylrss a
'N4111,9301

was an-
, .... _
• •Ilfr:Cittitir
• - Mr.Ventwer , , _ _
- tilivardareiges for the most severe injury one man
letteld inflict on another. The parties had been married
Oche years; the Lady;Mies betty Maria Tyler, was
eirieladed from a highly . respectable family, her mother
king the sister of the fate Lord Tepthain ; they heed
. Illtinnly anti ilifectiotiairely together. The defendant
:Isis * ' ••painter, and lied been Introduced to the
Oa' • -hY oast of his most iodinate friends to paint fa-
)111tly portraits. Ibis led to an acquaintance, and as he
...ts well introduced., and Was a man of goad chink,-
. lit end inthavioer, be was invited down to thaplain-
• , jilllPs.hpiare near Sittingbouro, where he was most hos-
- frithlq, received by the plaintiff,
,who little thinight
%lit 'Mt 4111 he shoild meet with for his kindness. .The
• s title was about fatty; his wife was ten yeati younger,
• the defendant was About the same age. The plain-
At • itted' die counter and came to town, and-lived in
' . -street Rut some time, untilhe .was persuaded
. ~. , . • - .
-• hisVrife-to
„go to a boarding-house, where he.. af.
...., -• • • vrerde"lived. _He had lot 'been there a month
- 011474 the defendant . ertinis and boarded ;••• -
e . dare barite ; but se goartied was I-- •
Ilhal not ii occurred t
• ihitise.4Cof IFebriar,
• Aros, • -nt'initite, oa "
...04., fa ;;mii
as 'fiovv --
• • laic adltietsterrn.
fibie real state of- the
*here hi tbOught u
wait *ibis siggistimi
ther,lived. On his
__ .:.•to•
Indgitig where she was liViegt aritithedidend4. sbi,
iral prettified upon toque hontand logo t 3 the bons' cif'
iifiibild of the plaintiff, where she retneined fora short
. (tree, pad thei agent crest away. to the dejesdant, with 1
Phots the his sake lived. By the settlement of, ber
roperty, she nil become entitled to a cansidetabli sallaf
"penile, mother's death. • - 1
•
Mrs. Harriet Robinson was Mese* at the marriage of
Mt. end:Mrs. Anthony, in, March, MS. They were
iiirri,d ittllt. George's Chords, Blowier-bury.
lefties cobb .produced an erasained copy .af the 11.4.
" - Of the carriage of the plaintiff with Miss Betty
• iim Withe M-11 have known the plainsegrin4his
wife eve'. sinee..etseir' marria_ge. ...I was in habits of in.
Olney with them. The pariff at the time if his
Viriffage Wise a merchant, and resided at
Srt: '. He andhis wife lived together on very happy
Wass. She was a Lady ofgrea,t pe,rional attractions„ a
irety:harAlioase svoinia.TheitksiailE is now about forty,
die iikbeat Si.
Ciptiin-Ssreettnattknew Mr. and Mrs. Anthony when
In France in 19t2 and 1923, and saw them very frt.-
ritrently during three or tour month,. They appeared
thlive op very alrecticinate terms.
Mt. Watben re.ealled, proved a letter to be written
at the hand-writing of Mrs. Anthony.
- Mr. ;Beckett; 'the Plaintiff's attorney, proved that
Mrs. *nail's:Twits, at the end of November -1824, the
• date (hat letter was wtitteta,. at .Linstead Lodge, near
hittingbourn. Mrs. A 0,1,., •• 's mother wasp sestet of
Lard Tejuhans..: . . .- . • • '
. Tae' letter ;war Pet tat-end-read. It airyt_l44lll-‘:=
':Airdietty•to bet lioAsand, the plsiatiff, hid etus
inelatterful and iffeetiosite terms.. ' . ' •.--
41fts.ilrown—I was iatisnately. acquainted With W
.lad' Mee. Mee. Anthony; I know the delesdant, •Daoiel Coe!:
fties The is a portrait painter, and as such I introduced
him to the plaited, and he painted portraits of tMrs.Aa-
. dimly and her mother; be became intimate with the
plaintiff; and Was, on my recommendation, invited
down sisfbis -house; wear Sittingbeern; he painted bait
pint_ airm Am, for [have seen setae-in that neighhibes.
bea' Obi defendant is aback 29 orSi3 yeast old. , -..
• 4111;ratii Savage—Dia* lived in ire plaintiff's-seiiiee
0..; Mr.* Aathony did live vt Middle-Cottage,
*der beet, Sistingboaro, end heat dierehe carne
divaaatnito No. 4, Aturidel-street; I knew the defendant
fast at the cottage, and afterteards tat Arondel-street;
• fhtDeeenthee last .hir.erid Mrs. Anthenywent to live at
Sees, iterenelds's, who keeps a boarding house in Comp-.
dris-street,-Brunsviickatoare; after they had been there
a few weeks, the 'defendant came ind lodged in the
lloweiheuse; Mrs. Arideeny left Mrs. Reynolds's house
•:aue:flittuday aseraing..in freialuary; I. dowse know-
** deg o4the.wenalv; she told me.she etas going oat;
'bar4esbatial -was not at -home, btu came in .a.
!: stalestes abereenist, he inquired for her ; 1 tald
- :tlWire.--.ol6l4tares:Mitts_isi4be 411160044 en ealtedinsat.hasiererchshe
„etase
made
,lisrluir., Tiber ,iffeesdret.lioane that day. I
lasespilmerkiesir,4 &dells* monsabber that he was -ailed
k
wberatlien.dbirtsbasotbadtgetsei or 'lsis saying that.-
e
thotsght .0w bad goat .to arrypacticular :place. Hail
11411041•FliPildPetfoLciatate_geet trpoo the plaintiff; he
WS 1011101116041f1114 .hr 'A
.Atte, Oover the next
443;184408.44".9104411*. r, *pd. Mte.nthony ap-
ps
nseij apramp,lietia :trety,happiLy all; the time I watt
Witkelpillt. He iwat a vary atteritisaAasitAffatctionate
W 447 4604,_____
• 44 %Pr 1,4 t
danbalirlitss iisynoids,
11119 ifrllwa; b4041411-#. Weir,* •N0..19, Cotawwwureet, 1
EeNiffriiiihollll2lk litlft.othdimu. Anthony,lived there.
.9.7o4ooscckto nlyelveryhegpily.; he was very atten.
rfeclos •ailerasittrt his eve ono With her. The
%-id.Osttt fft-.111.7. Ys !thee. flecame
%Iraq!, sgrisetkafter. , sAd: q..'Anthoity. His man-
ner towards 'Mrs. Anthony appeared. very reserved ;
there was nothing in their behaviour that could excite
aloisatOcttp.
r, Writften -reeelleds-The•plaintiff came to my
tieneett.44444awrioiloct on Saturday, the 9d of last.
Ittfilaiblatilitoldineticejle bad oleithis house. He
~..,;a,•• Peifirato be jilt a very •distracted state ; I ac.'
• that anilt,e• itrities alba* 'her. We went
tOiiiiT;gy Os hems. The'defeMiata twat not there
thitt,'MAti. •rev; Om on that everting..
tint about Mra
much surprised
. question, and fire
reakirdret.: her mother:
go the slat
trnade maw&

bring traerd,
a, in P;iecws-
bre Ass paw

aerie wilb me.
, and thee she
cod remember
house. Mrs.'
.niibtsbuidge, cud+
inghaat•Jßaee.'
xe'be nhe de-J

LAW INtilititGENCE.
COURT Olt ittNtreiPal. wienowiti;r•
Wm— re Lard treessasa and a Nadal
Airrnosta adatsae cWslatin.
was an aconite( Criii.Con. It was not defended.
"914.-Ciurti Opened the Pleadings, and
Mr.Viliewst• shortly stated the ease. It was to re-

ell4s,itint'll'imaAes thereat about nine on
'Of flyailsisfffisked him if he knew anythin
A n:7 1 tersaid'besid not, but was nn
stiffly 'Minn risking Niro such a ques
eds. 4iseiipittitiff to go to Dirge/When
kitillf Ilks,evesetieenee the plaintiff ,did
00111111 tee Abater. After his return ~1
Tfigktrit:iert.;'#l.o4lteteino oi,:Ar,
I 0104.,h9t1ge,?!. lgti.! Wtthaaj!
- 1.64,451•4%. RP paw/Agog M
4the oisiiisdantmith nes. J
vailed•npost to lease the house, and tees
ao • Za. *Mk Me Aimee e fuettlitilt,
lift may I 'knew Mrs. 'filphielt, el
Nei ktis neeSiti.,Aglhotly, at my
App, Idnirlavaretwg me, went to Katt'
'4°
"slatnike. 15, Blieltil
A - ,iiitheis knew 1
