IVEST INDIES.

We !lave received Grenada Papers to the 12th
Julv. Their contents are similar to those of the
,titer Colonies, and the excitement already noticed
zeents likely to lead to something serious between
the Mother Country and the Lem: ard Is!nude. On
the sth July a general meeting of the planters,
merchants, and others,was held at the Court-house,
to consider the present alarming crisis of colonial
affairs, John Ross, Esq. in the Chair, when the
following strong resolution, among others, was
passed :
" That if in the present embarrassed state of the Seances
of the kingdom the means cannot be found for making coin.
pcnaation to the Colonies, and the country can no longer,
'torn conscientious motives, stiffer slavery to exist under its
dominion—and it being apparent that Ministers are acting
under the influence of a sect who think Colonies of no value,
and that the country would be better without them—let it
then, rather than persevere in measures dirt must end in our
utter ruin, relieve us at once from our alleg:ance, and give
us tittle to look for other protectors.
That, driven as we are to the verge of desparation, by the
gradual encroachmems which, fur many years past, have
from time to time been made upon our insular instittnions
and domestic privileges, and at beholding a British Al ini4ury
acting under the influence of an interested and bigottixi fac-
tion, to the prejudice and ruin of one of the Shires' portions
of the globe, it becomes us, under these circumstances, to
recollect .hat we have duties which we owe to ourselves and
nor doecndants, and that in the last resort we ought not to
1;2 found war time to them.
It is with fedings of the tieepest regret that we advert to
the possibility of a separatiott from our parent state, since
tic obligations on its part aiii' ours are reciprocaL For if
pruction to our persons and properties be withheld—if the
Government of the country, instead of standing forward in
our defence, and stretching forth its powerful unto to shield
us from the attacks of a confederacy in the kingdom, corn.
posed of our most inveterate enemies, who by shamelessly
inventing and recklessly propagating the most atrocious
calumnies against us all, arc evidently bent upon ac-
complishing our utter ruin, even to extermination—.
if Government, instead of performing this obligatory
duty towards us, lends its aid to the party in question and
acts in conjunction with it—if we arc to be continually con-
sidered aliens and outcasts—nay more, treated as a guilty
and proscribed race, with whom public faith may be law.
fully broken, and to whose misfortunes no commiseration
siieuld be shown—if our local privileges arc to i_ for ever
disregarded, our constitutional rights trodden under foot,
and the bard earned produce of our estates fettaed with
rigorous, unequal, and ruinous impositions—if no merit is
to be conceded to us for what we have effected in improving
the moral comlition of our slaves, nor say limits assigned to
the further sacrifices which may be required of us—in fine,
if by tin measuics which have already been put in force,
and others which Ministers have declared iu Parliament it
is their purpose to adopt, we arc in consequence to be more
arid more laid open to injustice and injury, nay, even ex-
posed to imminent danger of our lives, and without the
iunallest compensation being made us, then the tie by which
we are bound to tha another country must be considered as
virtually severed, and the duty of allegiance at en end."
Tile United States papers, down to the 15th
ult, are filled with further correspondence respect-
ing the resignation of the American Cabinet. Mr.
Berrien, late Attorney-General, has published notes
of an interview with Colonel Johnson, who acted
as a mutual friend of the President and the mem-
bers wise resigned, in which the first cause of dif-
ference is represented with much detail as the re-
puted private conduct of Mrs. Eaton, and in which
President Jackson is exhibited as a whimsical vio-
lently passionate old gentleman, insisting with the
txtremest arrogance on subjects altogether out of
decorum and common behaviour.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON, MONDAY, SEPT. 12.

ONE O'CLOCK, THIS DAY.—Thermometer, 66. Ba.
raireter, 30.17. Wind N. Weather,: cloudy.

We entertain no doubt whatever, THAT THE
RUSSIANS HAVE BEEN TOTALLY ROUTED, AND

PUT TO FLIGHT NEAR WARSAW.

We have Dutch papers, Hamburg papers, ex-
tracts from Berlin Gazettes, and private letters,
all of which concur in representing some great
battle, its results as unfavourable to the Russians,
and their confused flight. We ardently n ish that
it may be so ; but to confirm our conclusions, we
Ili!1 give a brief summary of the information, as it
Las reached us.

First, by the Flanders Mail, we obtain in the
41/via/cur Beige of Saturday, a letter from Cracow,
hich, tile Editor says, may be depended upon, an
~ecount of a decisive victory that had been gained
KRZYNECKI, at Sochaczew, to which place
the Russian Main Army must have re-
treated from Nadarsyn ; and the same letter
•Also refers to that victory, as matter of course,
Whiell SKRZYNECKI obtained on the 20th, over
RCDIGER; and of which we gave accounts at the
,t'ginning of last week, though since doubted by
our croaking contemporaries, owing to the silence
of their favourite authority—the Berlin Gazette.
rile Russians, by this account, had many thou-
sands killed, arid lost two thousand prisoners, and
many cannon.

The Brussels Moniteur of the 9th states,
emphatically, that the following very important
intelligence may be depended upon. " Cracow,
August 26. A letter, worthy of credit, just received
front the theatre of war, contains the following
The Generalissimo of the Polish army (Skrzy-
-14 (10 engaged in a sanguinary conflict near Soch-
lcielv• The loss of the enemy amounts to several

I ,usands left dead on the field of battle. We

kuk 2,000 prisoners, besides a quantity of baggage
Ud ammunition. This victory is doubtless, sub-
lequent to that of the 20th of August, obtained by
ILlt2l. N lA. hi in the engagement with RUDIGER,
ihu "as driven into Austria. The city of So-
thacaew, which has witnessed this further triumph
of the Generalissimo, is situated about ten leagues
to the west of Warsaw, upon the road leading
oui this city to Posen and Berlin. The distance
Nal Sochaczew to Cracow, where the above news

has been received, is more than fifty leagues. We
are in expectation of shortly receiving the fullest
details upon this important engagement."
Second, the Hague Gazette, of the 9th, gives
au extract from a Cracow journal, which announces
a second victory of the Poles, in advance of So-
CiIACZEW, at 'Colo in which it says, that besides
a countless numbe_ of prisoners, they had taken
thirty-eight pieces of cannon. Then, be it ob-
served, these Cracow journals are published under
Austrian syrueillance ; but, oddly enough, iu
r, paper of the 306, a later of the Polish
General ROZYZICI rrears. dated the 25th, from
the province of Saud.) ner, in which he says, thai
ao news came from Warsaw, because the city wa..l
completely invested by the Russians; but if we
read, as a mistranslation, was for had been, and if
the battles took place between the 20th and 25th,
there is no inconsistency in this document ; while
the General himself states his belief, that the Poles
had g•ained some advantase on their left wing.

Aird, we have a private letter, dated Ham-
burg'', on Friday, in which our Correspondent
says: " The Russian corps under KNOIIING
has retreated to kalisch. Yesterday, three thou-
sand infantry arrived, who are waiting for a large
reinforcement or ten thousand more, from the
neighbourhood of Warsaw, since their defeat
by SK RZ TN EC I . is still a larger
army hourly expected in Kalisch. The re-
organization wiil be completed in a few days."—
This is a professed translation from the Hamburg
Correspondent of that day. The same paper also
quotes from the Cracow Courier, the same account
of the great battle of Socbaczew to which we have
alluded above. Kalisch is about 180 miles west
of Warsaw, and presents no object for military
operations, except as a refuge.

Fourth, the Hamburgh mail of this day, brings
a letter from Berlin of the 3d, in which it states
that news has been received from Thom, that the
Russians were in general flight on the right bank
of the Vistula, pursued, as it appears, by General
UMINSKI ; and that to save themselves they had
destroyed the bridge over the Vistula near Thom.
Our inferences, therefore, are as follows ; and we
trust we shall be justified in them, by intelligent
readers who consult the maps, and compare the
dates, circumstances, and sources of intelligence,
which have seldom erred in their admissions of
Polish victories:

I. We conceive that about the 24th or 25th,
the Russians fell back from Nadarzyn and Blonie
towards Sochaczew, agrecal ly to accounts that
we received through Berlin last week.

2. That while performing those retrograde move-
ments, they were attacked on the 24th or 25th, by
the Polish army, under SKTR Y NBCKI, and totally
rout d.

3. That, at the same time, the Polish garrison
of Modlin, and other corps under Uxissxi, forccd
the Russian positions at Plotcs, and other places,
driving them to the bridge near the Prussian fron-
tier ; and these were probably part of the troops
which arrived at Kalisch.

A Haniburgh steamer is expected this after-
noon ; and on its arrival, we will not fail to give
its contents in a Second Edition.

The topic at home, 18371/Tolite and vulgar cir-
cles, is the absence of the Duchess of KENT, and
her daughter, the Princess VICTORIA, from the
ceremony of the coronation. It has produced
commentaries of all sorts ; and any point
of etiquette is not considered as a satisfac-
tory apology. Different reasons are as-
signed ; one, an objection to the FITZCLA-
RE/ICES, who had some direction of the
arrangements ; and another is said to be a baffled
expectation, that the young Princess, as Heir
' Presumptive, ought not to be confounded with the
juvenile sons of the Dukes of CUMBERLAND and
CAMBRIDGE. Some of the papers assert that
there existed a predisposition not to be satisfied,
since the Lady in question is alleged to have objected
to the Reform bill; and even to have left a letter
of the KING, relative to the Coronation, unan-
swered for some weeks. As an excuse, it is
alleged that the delicate state of the Princesses
health hindered her from travelling, from the Isle
of Wight to London, and sitting several hours,
during the ceremony. Be this as it may,
it did not prevent her mother's appearance ;
and it scarcely will be admitted that the
fatigues were of a character, to prevent the
attendance of both. With reference to the
question of etiquette, the Princess (Heir Pre-
sumptive) is not yet come out, as the term is un-
derstood, and therefore could not be summoned by
any personal designation as such ; neither could the
Duchess as a Peeress, not being such in her own
right. Had the Princess attained the age to have
' been first presented at Court, according to her Blood,
the case would have been different ; but the Earl
Marshal had certainly no rule by which to write
her name in his official roll for the late grand so-
lemnity. The whole affair is the more malapro-
pos, because the last Royal act of the KING had
been to give assent to the Bill, settling such liberal
grants on this branch of the Royal Family. In
every sense we lament the affair.
The Windsor Express of Saturday night says,
the Duchess has always manifested a strong desire
to keep aloof from the Royal Family altogether,
even during the reign of GEORGE IV.—" This
statement, which has, doubtless, been authorised,
is only incorrect inasmuch as it does not con •
fain the whole truth. It does not put us in
possession, for instance, of facts which, if re-
