.
3. Resolved—That we have viewed With mixed sentiments of
indignation, concern, and pity, the Address of-certain Persons,
styling themselves" An Adjourned:Meeting otLiverymen, held
at the Loadon Tavern, the 4th diy of May," inasmuch as the
statements contained in that Address, imputing to the great Body
of their Yellow Citizens, in Common Hall legally assembled,
motives and designs to " vilify and degrade the Legislature," to
" alienate the affections of the People from tlie:.Govet mem,"
to" produce codtempt apd distrust of the House of Commons,"
to " introduce anarchy," and to " subvert the Constitution," acs
false assertions, originatinz with individuals who deriva inuence
and emolutnent from the heavy burthens of the People.
4. ResolveC—That amoug the names of those affixed to that
Address, appear the signatures of Contractors, Commissioners
and Collectors of taxes, of Placemen and Placeltunters; with a
long list of their Agents, and Clerks of their Dependants, Einis-
series of Minions.

3. Resolved—That it is undeniable that power, influence,
threats, and delusions have been ethployed to literal upon many

to concur irsshesaid Address.

6. Resolsed—That whilst we disclaim any imputation against
the motives of several who, bysro3s miarepre-entations, by arts

of the basest kind, or by downright intimidation, have been com-
pelled to lend their signatures to the said Address, it is to us a
source of high consolation that the Address carries within it its
own refutation, consisting only of allegations unsubstantiated, and
of calumnies, which those who have propagated them must kilo*
to be groundless.
7. Resolved—That the said Address appears to have for its
real object the excitement of civil disaention, the increase of pub•.
lic abuses, and the further and' fuller participation in the waged
of corruption, by many of those who have signal it, and who,
.taking advantage of the present unhappy contest between Arbi-
trary Privileges and Constitutional Freedom, have endeavoured
to confuse and distract the public mind, for the support and con-
tinuance in place of a corrupt, weak, and wicked Administratiti.
8. Resolved unanimously—Chat in the years 16;9 and titto,
under the infamous Government of Charles the Second, the City
of London, and other parts of the country, petitioned the Kiss
for redress of grievances and the sitting of Parliament.
That various Counter Petitions were presented to his Majeste,
expressive of their abhorrence of the said petitioning, us tuntui-
tueus aid seditious, asol encroaching on the Royal Prerogative.
That on the list of October, 1630, Oka Parliament met, and
its first acts were to expel Abh , and to pass a Vote, " 'that
ft is, and ever bath been, the undoubted right of the Subject it,
petition the King for the calling of Parliaments, and redressifte
grievances; that to traduce such petitioning, as a violation cf
duty, and to represent it to his Maj-sty as tumultuous and sedi-
tious, is to betray the liberty of the subject, and contribute to
the design of subverting the ancient legal Constitution of the
Kingdom;" and they appointed a Committee " to inquire after
all those who had offended against those rights, and accordingly
expelled several of its Members, and petitioned his. Majesty to
remove others from places of trust."
That on the 19th of October, 1680, the Commons voted—
" That Sir F. Withers, by promoting and presenting to his Ma-
jestst .14 Allscas, expressing an 'abhorrence to petition his Va.
jesty for the ealling and sitting of Parliaments, bath betrayed the
undoubted Rights of the Subjects of England; and that the said
Sir F. Withers be expelled the House for this high aims.'
That for the ext trio of the undoubted right of petitioning, the
City Charters w• re seized by a pi° warrant°, and it was :tooled
for the City by Sir George Freby, their Recorder—" Tbot tha
Constitution and the Law of the Land had given to the oiliest
the right of petitioning, and of access to the Sopreme Governor,
to represent to him their grievances, and to pray a redress of
them ; and that the same law gave them also a right to state in
their petitions those facts ant reasons which emoted their grie-
vances, provided those facts were true." And Further, is 'Mat
as there was one part of the Constitution which gave the Kies;
power to prorogue, so there was Another part of the Constitution
that gave the subject an original rolit to petition for redress of
grievant s ; and that, therefore,to puoish a man for 'hewing in
tux petition those. grievance which he desires to be redressed,and
the causes of them, was the same thug as to deny hint the right
of petitioning ; and that such denial would inter oppression and
the most abject slavery; for when subjects are misused, and
grieved, and are denied the liberty to complain, and pray the
King to redress those grievances, or shall he punished for peti-
tioning against them, they must necessarily be abject slaves."
9. Resolved--'That these arguments having been over-ruled
by venal Judges, judgment was obtained against the City; the
Althorn* for a time triumphed ; the Liberties of the People,
with the Right of Petitioning, was subverted ; and the succeed-
ing Monarch, in consequence thereof, driven Cron his Throne
and dominions.
At the Revolution of r6BB, in the till of Rights, " the un-
...oubted right of the subject to Petition;' was, among other
things, " clain*d, demanded, and insisted upon."
This right has hen of late again invaded, the people oppressed
with unpt ccedented grievances and calamities, have been denied
access to their Sovereign, their Petitions have beets rejtoted by
the noose of Commons, and their grievances remain unheard
and unrearessed.
The exploded doctrine of passive obedience has been revived
all its extravagance, and a new ure of Abhorrers have sprung
up, who, like the Abliarrtirs in the days of Charles the Stoned,
by the foulest calumnies, by vilifying and traducing the 10. to ions
of the People, are, (in the emphatic language of die then 11-‘use of
Commons), " betraying the liberties of the subject, and contri-
buting to the design of subverting the ancient legal Constitutidn
of the Kinonions:' That as the corrupt participators it public
abuse, under the mask of loyalty, Subvert ctl the liberties of tti
kingdom, and involved lames the Second in ruin, so the corrupt
and unprincipled of the present day, under the same legal pre-
tence, would involve the Country and Sovereign in similar diffi-
culties. if suffered to persist. It therefore becomes the imperioss
duty of every real friend to the country to resist their mischiev-
ous des gin, by recurring to the genuine principles of the Consti-
tution, and by using every legal means for obtaining a full, fair,
and free Representation of the People in Parliament.
10. Resolved—.l'hat inseparably attached to our glorious Con-
stitution, we admire, venerate, and will support and defend our
King, our Lords, and our Common+, in their respective and,col-
lective capaeoies, with all their just prerogatives, rights, and pri-
vileges; but we can never consent to grant separately to King,
Lords,oi Commons, a power contrary to, and above the laws of
the land, which are and must continue to be the results of their
collective wisdom and authority.
11. Resolved—That notwithstanding the rejection of our late
Petition, we still feel it our duty to give to the House of Com-
mons every opportunity of hearing and redressing the grievances
of the People, and that an humble Address, Petition, and Remon-
strance be presented to that Honourable House
12. Resolved—That the said Petition be fairly transcribed and
signed by the Lord Mayor, the Aldermen, and ten Liverymen,
and presentid to the House of Commons by H. C. Coital, Esq.
one of their Representatives.
13. Resolved—That the dhanks of this Common Hall be given
to the Right Honourable Lord Ea SKIVE, Sir &salt/to Rosetta r,
KM. IVI. Y. and SAMUEL WUITSRZAD, Esq. M.P. for their able,
constitutional, and independent conduct on all occasions, particu-
larly for the stand they have lately made is favour of the dominion
of the law against arbitrary diocretion and undefined privilege.
14. Resolved—That the Thanks of this Hall be given to HAR-
VEY CIIRISTIA bCOMES, Esq. Alderman, and one tit the R. preset,-
tithes of this City in Firlionsim, for his support us the liens*
