COLUMBIA.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
LETTER 11.

Spoon, Sm. 42,1829.
Si a was indeed high time that America should
break down the barrier of bronze raised around it
by her oppressors; and that reason should recover
her rights. Al! that is most galling in tyranny,
most degrading in superstition, was suffered for a period
of three centuries under the reigning dynasties of Spain.
This power, though included among the most enlightened
nations of Europe ,had discovered a colonial system as unjust
as it was detestable; but at the same time, above all others,
calculated to prolong the minority of the new possessions.
whose destinies she curbed in order to retain them in a lu-
crative servitude. Under the systematic plan of despotism
adopted by the Spanish Cabinet, with regard to her co-
lonies, the most tenacious co-operation prevailed : juris-
prudence, administration, commercial industry, educa-
tion, the liberty of thinking : all was vicious, and sub-
jected to innumerable obstacles imposed by the
oppressing Government. The Sultans of Madrid were
the centre of all power ; they dictated and abolished
laws as caprice or interest might suggest—decided upon
what was just or unjust, according to their own views ;
their Viceroys were the real wolves who devoured us
instead of being pastors to cherish and protect. All
were domineering and suspicious, from the governor to
the corregidor and audiencia ; and, if any body ventured
to appeal to the Court against the vexations and extor-
tion of authority, he either suffered the punishment due
to his temerity, or his statements were destined to be
smothered in the dust of the archives at Madrid. The
Inquisition, that Minotaur of consciences, was placed as a
centinel at the door of each state to prevent the introduc-
tion of one solitary ray of light among us : in close alliance
with despotism, it not only exacted the blindest credulity
in matters of faith, but the most abject political sub-
mission. In order for ever to prevent our examining
their titles to oppress us, we were only allowed to have
the smallest possible degree of instruction, while our edu-
cation was the most vicious and imperfect that can
be conceived. Wisdom was a crime in the eyes of des-
potism, and the science of Philosophy corrupted at its
source by superstition and ignorance. Suffocating the
. germs of wealth with which our soil abounded, industry
and agriculture were enslaved, and commerce monopolised
with a view of facilitating the consumption and pro-
moting the wretched manufactures of Spain. Although
recognized by the laws as eligible for public offices
in oar own country, we were, in fact, excluded
from nearly all political and religious dignities, to give
place to adventurers from the Peninsula. We were at
the same time cut off from all commercial intercourse and
communication with the rest of the world, and even with
our sister States, on pain of severe punishment. But
what do I say ! There were even laws to restrain the
progress of population. It was from such causes that
these provinces, though possessing the precious metals,
susceptible of every species of culture and advancement,
languished so long without life or animation ; and that
man; the head of created beings, brought up in vice and
degradation, was doomed to witness years and events
pass awaywith dreary uniformity and torpid inaction :dying
as he lived, without leaving a single vestige of mental
existence behind !
The disorders of our political condition could not,
however, entirely triumph over the decrees of Nature ;
and with all its anxiety to perpetuate our ignorance and
misery, despotism was forced to yield something to cir-
eumstances and the advancing spirit of the age. The
frequent wars of Spain with France and Holland, and
above all, England, intercepting as it were the communi-
cation between the mother country and the Colonies, they
wrenched some commercial privileges from her rapacious
hands. In another quarter, the revolution of the
United States, was a lesson and living example
offered to our imitation : while the flood of light which
burst upon us from France at the close of the Eighteenth
Century, completed the illuminaton of our civil and
political horizon. In spite of all the efforts of
the holy office, the immortal works of the philosophers
found their way to our shores; and the Cabinet of
Madrid permitting the establishment of colleges in some
cities, and periodicals in others, it was easy to prognos-
cute the no distant emancipation of the new world.
But her sons still slept in the profoundest calm of
slavery, without feeling the weight of those chains which
weighed so heavily on them, and without having, like
other nations, those " omnipotent recollections which in
the midst of servitude exalt the soul of prostrate bu-
manity."—When the invasion of Spain by NAPOLEON
announced the hour of expiation for the oppressor, and
of retribution for the oppressed. Without this event, and
is' Rite of the enlightened views, manly efforts, and
dan enterprise ofsome Grenadians and Venezuelans, we
should have continued to groan under the iron sceptre of the
successors of Cu A ALES V. But on bearingof those events
in the Peninsula which followed the invasion, the few

men whose minds had silently cherished the precious
deeds disseminated by philosophy,—the generous spirits
who could not survey the irons which bound our country,
without indignation, hastened to avail themselves of the
favourable conjuncture which the GOD of humanity
seemed to open, in order to burst them for ever.—
The Holy Insurrection broke out. In the moun-
tains of Pinchinchs, as on the banks of the Gaire, and
at the mouths of the Magdalena, up to the plains of Bo-
• gots, the Spanish authorities were simultaneously deposed,
without a single drop of blood having been shed to dis-
honour the cause of reason, of justice, and humanity I
I have the honour to be, itc._
