It is setted in a Frankfort Paper of the Ist instant,
that the assassin of this celebrated author quitted.
Jena early on the morning of the 9th of Match; that
from thence he proceeded to Erlangen, whe..e lie rs!.-
quested a passport for the borders of the Maine. lie
set off from Erlangen on the IStlt, and arrived post
on the evening of the 22d at Lomb, five leagues from
Manheim, on the other side of the Rhine. At Lorch,
he hired a peasant's cart, and arrived at Manheim on
the 23d, at ten o'clock in the morning. The wretch
displayed much composure; even atter committing
the deed, he sheaved no 'symptoms of repentance
whatever. His answers, which he had been permit-
ted to make in writing, as far as was consistent with
his enfeebled condition,.stated, that M. de Kotzebue
deserved death; that he bad r private revenge
against him, but that for a long time he had iesolved
upon his death, on account of crimes of which
he had been guilty against Germany; that he was
tranquil, because he had succeeded; that he had no
accomplice, and that his crime could only be im-
puted to himself. This fanatic appeared to feel no
other regret than for the relatives of his victim. His
attendants were compelled to tic his hands, to pre-
vent him from tearing on' the bandages and opening
his wounds. His exterior was agreeable, and all the
information which has been collected with respect to
his conduct before the assassination is very favourable.
The body of M. de Kotzebue was opened; all the
organs were found in as sound a state as those of a
young man; it is therefore preiamed that he might
have lived to an advanced age.

A French Paper gives the following as the decla-
ration left by the assassin :
" Sale bond or union, Virtue, I invoke,
" Whilst Kotzebue's breast receives the mortal stroke!"

" In our days it is necessary to pronounce, with
resolution, for the law which GOD hall) engraven in
flaming characters on the hearts of his creatures.
Prepare yourselves—decide for life or death!

" Open crimes are not the most pernicious scourges
of our nature ; Vice attacks more mortally under the
hypocritical veil of habits of Politeness, and the ex-
ternals of Morality; Falsehood assumes a thousand
deceitful forms. What ! shall the present state of the
people be the only result of so many sacrifices? Shall
we remain plunged in this misciable weakness ?
" Half-learned fools, confined by their own vain
knowledge, shall they alone continue to set truth at
defiance, which reigns in the heart of man in its ow•n
noble simplicity ; shall they alone _paralyze its effects
on the conduct of life? * * • • In the great German
nation there are certainly many individuals who fat
surpass me, but, for myself, I hate nothing so much
qs the laxity and the venality of the mode of think-
ing In L e present day * • • 40.

"I owe it to you t give a proof,—l owe it to my-
self to declare openly against that laxity.---1 know
nothing more noble than to sacrifice thee, thou Arch-
Valet ;--thee, the lEgis of this age of-veitatiry _the
corrupter, and betrayer of my country. But I 'ow. it
to you, my country, to hate and to sacrifice all those
who, in their culpable audacity, have forgotten that
which was divine in those who keep you under by a
yoke affectedly wise, like a crowd of fools, and wish to
make you move like a complicated wheel, the instru-
ment of their perfidious designs. • * • *. The refor-
mation must be completed, Brethren, do not abandon
each other in tempestuous circumstances ; treason me-
naces with slavery our generation, and those which are
to come. The book of history is open before you ?
Arise! I see the great day of Liberty ! Arouse, my
country, Reflect, take courage, deliver yourself!! r
Another French Journal contains the following ob.,
servations Germany, at all. times, divided into a
multitude of petty states, from the nature of its Go-
vernments, is in our days split into various formida-
ble sects. It.cannot be doubted, that Kotzebue's as-
sassin sallied forth from one of them, with the death-
warrant in his hand. All Europe has read the first
productions of Kotzebue; the principles which he
therein maintained, attacked at every point, with the
weapons of ridicule and invective, the purest doc-
trines of Religion, and the most solid supports of
legitimate authority. It is also known, that for the
last three years, he had abjured his spirit of incredu-
lity, and his anti-social doctrines. When M. Stourza,
whose pen, it is said, frequently expresses the thoughts
(-.1 a great Prince, spread throughout Germany, after
the Congress of Aix-la-Chalrlle, a performance re-
plete with profound and luminous ideas with regard
to the political state of the Empire, and in which,
after describing the continually recurring tempests
during the last five years, he pointed to religion as
the only Pharos standing erect amidst so many ruins,
and recommending a reform in the system of the
Universities which was becoming a source of dis-
quietude as to the happiness of the rising generation
and the tranquillity of the different Governments—a
furious war burst forth, and most vehement attacks
upon Stourza were issued from the press. Kotzebue
stood by him, and took up arms in the same cause ;
and hence he excited the hatred and rage of the Stu
dents. When Kotzebue received the stroke of the
poniard he was reading the letter which the murderer
had put into his hands, and which commenced with
these words—, It is I who have taken you in charge,
vile slave of Kings.' the denomination here given
to Kotzebus, indicates the spirit which animates the
Students. There was found on the person of the as-
sassin the Manifesto of the Tentones, or ancient Ger-
mans. They complain of Prince., of their flatterers,
and of their slaves. They call upon Germany to
place herself under one sceptre, and, one church—,
that of Luther.

Mean While a well known author ar Berlin,- puts
forth a caricature of the Holy work,' directed against
the holy Alliance, or the pamphlet, of Stouiza. -A
Leipsic Professor, in a refutation of- this pamphlet,
, places the Mutti on an equality with the Pope. • N'i.
popery, is one of watch-words of 'Antonia. aincittler.
Professor sasites, that.Stou+A;k-,Riplebieetwaltel
rect and dancrous-4ittaott I -on the 'iatictuary of the,
spirithl?iVOf the (a literal trattilatiOn.)#atal,'
sympsOsils thus and if the GO:
vernments of Germany diS,net #dopt afirrii.'ntreliti..;
certed deportment, no pne can foresee. to..what iength
these:excesses may %Nor .44e0r war of
ion may. ilia be'rekinifilitin, thiase Cow** fix.
torch of political 4447.4; ,-. •
lte tuiberknt• spitriiert**eitokaifi ttntniaties•
is put in *qiitiviiig &waren! It, bio'
rim of riper yeari and oftool and calculating heads,
