that would have carried conviction to those about mail
I own I did anticipate that Englishmen woulti have!
acted in consistency with their natural character, and
that, before they had condemned, they would at all
events have heard.—Mt. S. went over the proceedings
taken by the Catholics at different periods from 1778
downwards to gain their object. He asked, .1 What is
the Catholic Association?" Perhaps you tell me that
you all know—yet you may labour under a misappre-
hension. The Roman Catholic Association is not a
Society affiliated through She mediums of oaths and obli-
gations, with a fixed systeM of ordinances, and attended
with any one of the incidents and accompaniments cf
confederacy. Every Roman Catholic, who pays a small
sum of money, becomes at once a member of this Asso-
ciation, which has no form—which has no ceremonies
—which has no pomp, which has but one officer, with a
small annual salary ; and which Association—as it owes
its birth to the feelings of the people—to the feelings
of the people owes also its maturity and its consolida-
tion. The Catholic Association was born of the public
wrongs, and to the public wrongs owes its present pre.
eminence and influence. I shall be told that the measures
adopted in that body,and that the language used in that
body, deserve censure. Let es see what the measures
were. There are two to which your attention ought to be
especially directed—the Catholic Rent is one, theElecti ye
Franchise is the,other. What high crimes arid misde-
meanours have we committed in the institution of the
Catholic Rent? Is not the money our own !—(A pplauie).
Have we not a right to create this national treasury for
the protection of the people ? How has the Catholic
Rent been employed ? I have spoken of its institution ;
let us see its application. It has been employed in ob-
Itaining justice in the public tribunals for the wronged
and ovraged peasant. It has been employed in protect-
ing the Catholic freeholder from the tyranny of the
aristocrat. Some persons have alleged that the money
was collected to be put into our own pockets. I am loth
to speak of myself; but this I will say, I left my pro-!
fession in Dublin, and sacrificed my timeit matter of
value to a lawyer ; and when payment was offered to me
out of the Catholic Rent, I spurned it. It was said that,
when I was Counsel lot O'Connell in the county of Claire.
I received 300 guinea'. 1 did not receive one groat.
Our accounts are accurately kept, our books are open
to the public eye. We have a pecuniary register; let
the most eminent accountant investigate these books,
and I defy him to place his finger on a single item in
which corruption, pecuniary or otherwise, can be
traced. So much for the Catholic Rent. We are then
told we made an improper use of the elective fran-
chise. What! when the elective franchise was placed
in our hands, will any man say we were not to use
it for the purpose of a:taining the legitimate ob-
ject of Catholic Emancipation? Will any man be
bold enough to say that the elective franchise is
placed in the hands of the peasant in trust for the land-
lord ? Such a doctrine as that will scarcely be broached.
We told the people what their rights were, and, thank
GOD, the people evinced a spirit that shows them to be
worthy the exercise of those rights. I have told you
how the people's money was applied. How did we
apply the elective franchise ? We applied it in turn-
ing Orangemen out .of Westmeath, Monaghan, Water-
ford, and out cf Louth. Su much for the Catholic
Rent—so much for the elective franchise. They gave
us the elective franchise. In giving us that, they vii-
tually.gave us every thing. They gave us the engine
with which, at last, we will batter down all the bul-
warks of intolerance that stand against us. I come new
from our measures to our language. Let me tell you
that an Athenian, one day, went into the study of a
celebrated orator of antiquity with a calm and unper-
turbed manner. The orator turned round -and asked
him what was his business? The Athenian answered,
in a mild sod gentle tone, " Sir, I was met by my
enemy in the public way, who struck me, and threw
Me down." 4. I do not believe you," said Demos-
thenes. " Not believe me !" cried the Athenian ; " I
tell you my enemy met me in the public way—struck
me, and threw me down." " Hold," said Demosthenes,
." I believe you; your eye is on fire ; your hand is
clenched; you speak like a man who has sustained a
wrong." Are we to speak like men who have sustained
no wrong—(Cheers)? If we ate, I will tell you what
would be told us—that which Lord Grenville said in
the House of Lords (it is recorded in Burke's Letters to
Dr. Latorence)—" The Catholics speak in so mild a tone,
and are so tranquil, it is quite clear that they have nu
real grievance to complain of. The wrongs of our
country are not of a na'ure to beset forth in well-regu-
lated and mellifluous language. The groans of Ireland
are not to be turned into a set of Irish Parliamentary
melodies; but when we complain of wrongs, and demand
redress, we only do it in obedience to tne instructions
and prompting' of human nuture.
(Mr. Shicl here dilated at some length, and in no measured terms.
against the Brunswick Clubs, and then proceeded)—
I will state to you what I conceive to be the princi-
ples of the Roman Catholics of Ireland. It has been
doubted whether we are advocates for Parliamentary
Reform. We are so to a man—(Cheers). Observe, yeu
should not wonder that the Catholics of Ireland have
nut engaged in the cause of reform with the same zeal
in which you have engaged in it. Observe, the Catholic
Question engrosses all—it is like a single wish,that must,
of necessity, exercise a species of exclusive ascendancy.
Until the wrongs which we suffer are redressed, it
is almost impossible that we should_ direct our attention
to any other. The sense of the grievance is so exclusive
—the torture that we suffer in the whole form prevents.
eas feeling a pang that might be sustained in a single
limb; but let the question of Catholic Emancipation be
at once settled, and you will soon find that the very
preparation which the national mind will have under-
gone in the discussion of the Catholic question will
render it more capable of obtaining Reform. There
is another topic upon which I will say one word. It
is alleged -that we are separatists from Great Bii•
tam. That I 'Lost solemnly and emphatically deny.
MI we want is that England should raise us up to a
level with herself. Let England make Ireland not a
bondslave, but a companion, and we shall become her
zealous, devoted, chivalrous, and enthusiastic cham-
pion. I am passing over these
tropics rapidly, but it
is right the public mind should be informed upon
them. It is said we are the slaves of our Priests—
and what sort of men' do you think our Priests are?
Do you think they are the slaves of as Inquisition ?
Do you think they are a set of men whose minds
lie prostrate in the doctrine of passive obedience ?
I defy any one to point out any assembly where Catholic
Priests have been gathered together, in which there has
been heard one single sentiment that had the smallest
tincture of slavery or oppression. Do I mean to say
the Catholic Priesthood have no influence ? GOD for-
bid. What do they ? Take the case of a Catholic
Yr iest—he lives with the ptor—he consorts with them
rtlame is an honourable dependence between both
—there is a noble Christian reciprocity—he gives
them consolation, instruction, and hope—they give
him his livelihood ; and when lie eats his bread,
'be breaks it In remembrance of the poor. In the
dead of the night a knock ii heard at the door of the

priesthe
e
is a tnodl denthtraetaotsneh
ids
shpiits pitaeraiishaissoni
set
raenteea .
goes from his dwelling; the wind and the sleet ate
beating in his face; he arrives at the hovel of the
bed oft death,He
expiring peasant; he takes his seat beside the bed
of pestilential straw, and receives in his ear the whisper
that relieves the heart from guilt. though the lips
I f the sinner should be tainted with disease—and are
you surprised that such a man should have influence?
—(Loud cheering). Is that very abhorring ? Is that very
astounding? Do the parsons want to gain such influ-
ence? Let them and the priests enter into competition,
and let the hovel of the expiring peasant be the theatre
of their contention. Well any man tell me the Catho-
lic priesthood have had power to controul the popu-
'lation against their political duty as citizens? Look at
the facts in the county of Clare. The Priests presumed
to disobey the people. What was the consequence ? As
leaders they were deserted. They protested against
the proceedings of Captain Rock, and the people would
not listen. They have an impelling but they have not
a resisting power. The Priests area spur, 1).1 they
ate not a rein. The Priests are omnipotent when they
lead on, but they are impotent when they lead back..
Let the Priests cry "Charge!" and the peasant will
u and let the Priest cry " Halt and the peasant
w
proceed
oin his career. So much for the influence
theoftisle.
Catholic Priesthood.—Before I sit down, I wish
to allude to one circumstance, which has excited among
certain panics a prepossession unfavourable to our
causethat is, a disposition on our part to sacrifice the
rights of the forty-shilling freeholders. I acknow-
ledge this was a mistake, an egregious mistake which
they had to regret; but it was only a mistake. and we
have done every thing to remedy it. But the fact is,
we did not know. a that time the generous virtue of
the Irish people—we were ignorant of the race we had
to deal with—(Applause)s We did not know how far
we had succeeded in making them alive to their own
interests, and the interests of their country. But
who was it that raised them to that condition—who
was it that taught them in exercise their own judgment
and act for thertnelves?—We. Who made the forty-
shilling freeholders what the% are ?—We. We taught
them to appreciate the station which• they held—to
entertain that public spirit and honourable feeling
which they have since displayed, so much to the
satisfaction of every friend of liberty. We diffused
into them that hope, and inspired them with that
spirit which proved that they were anything but the
men they had been. Formerly they were regarded
and treated like domestic swine; but the time had
come when they displayed their inherent power, re-
sisted oppression, and turned back on their drivers.
The people now know their tights, and they are deter-
mined to assert them. I find, however, that I have
tre•passed on your time too long—(Goon). I am placed
in peculiar circumstas cr., and I regret that I am obliged
to expend the public time in details of this description.
There is one point, however, which I cannot avoid turn-
ing to, and I should be glad to know what I to say
on the subject before Igo back. That point is, what
do Government intend to do? Do they really intend to
do any thing for the unfortunate people of Ireland ? Do
they mean to put down the Catholic Association, to im-
prison the Catholic leaders, to proclaim martial law?
If they do, I can tell the Duke of Wellington that his
sword may lop off the branches, but he will find the
trunk too massive for his sabre to cut—(Great applause).
Is this the moment to withhold justice to Ireland, when
through the telescope which conveys to us the events
that pass around, we can discover the eagles of Russia
on the towers of Varna, -and see them winging their
flight to the spires of Constantinople? Is this the time
that Ireland is to be trifled with, and seven millions of
people denied their jest and unalienable privileges? Is
this the time to make enemies of a whole people? It is
almost enough to stir up the bones of Chatham from his
rave, to rise up in judgment against such proceedings.
hat a contumely, that, for every buffet Russia gives
England, England should act as she now does, and
trample, as it were, in spite over oppressed Ireland. We
have been often told that we are intemperate, that
the &gild) are a proud people, and will not be bullied
—(langhter); but she is bullied by France, she is bullied
by Russia, and is she not to be bullied by Ireland?' Is
not this, in fact, the conduct of a domestic tyrant, who
has been insulted in public, and who returns home to
vent his rage and shame on the feeble dependents of his
household ? But do not think—GOD forbid ! I insinuate
that all Englishmen treat us thus.. Oh, no I And if it
were necessary to produce one instance in favour of a
contrary opinion, I could not fix on a better than the
admirable, eloquent, and impressive address which we
have just heard from a Dissenting Clergyman. If
any other proof were required. I am convinced that
this large and noble assembly would furnish me
with it; but it is not necessary—the enlightened part
of the community are with us. Indeed. I have no
hesitation in saying, that the mass of latelligence—the
greater part of the educated classes—are decidedly on
our side. Gentlemen, I have done—only one word more.
My heart labours with the impression I feel on witness.
ing the manner in which you have received me. I shall
with pride testify to the people of Ireland the conduct
of the Dissenters of England, in order to convince them
that they will not, alter having been manumitted them-
selves. employ their unmanacled hands to rivet the chain
of their fellowssubjects—(lireat applause), but that
they will be raised in humble supplication for the deb.',
liirery of their companions in captivity (Loud cheering).
The CHAIRMAN, after thanking the last speaker fur
the flattering manner in which he had alluded to him,
proposed the health of Alexander Dawson,. Esq. Mem-
ber for Louth.

The CbIAIRMAN then proposed a toast which be was sure would
be received well by every friend of liberty and tukratiou.
" The health of the Bishop of Norwich."
Mr. IL HUNT nest addressed the Meeting, and was received
with a mixture of appi,use and disappirebation. The cries of " Off,
off." (though not from the majority in the room) prevented his
being heard for a time. •
The Cuatessau begged the meeting to bear him, and regretted
that a few should have the power to disturb the order of the meet-
' ins by opposition to the hearing of any man.

31r. Hume then proceeded. He said that be bad not ripcord
any opposition at that meeting. He had been grossly abused in
some of the Irish papers, and by his friend Mr. lawless. He denied.'
however that he had at the late messing, or at any period of his
life, publicly or privately, said any thing against the claims a the
Catholics. He admitted those claims to be founded in justice, but
he thought they had little chance of success until a reform was
carried into Parliament, of which at present he bad not much hope.
One elPet of emancipation would, be thought, be, that the Irish
Catholic aristocracy would be found to side with Government
against reform. (Cries of " No.") This was his opinion. and he
d it candidly, though it did not amount in his opinion to an
objection to emancipation. He then referred to the late pseudo,' at
Petienden-heath, and expressed his surprise that the press should,
almost without exception, have ascribed the majority to the Ikuns-
wickers, when it was clear—at least he thought so, and Ise bad
some experience of public meetings—(" Hear, and a laugh)—that'
out of the 25,000 or 30,000 persons present, the Brunswickers did
not amount to more than 8,000 or 10,000. lie did not blame the'
reporters, many of whom be knew and respected, but it was strange
that they should have agreed in mis.stating the fact; but he sup.
posed that from the position in which they were, they saw only the
crowd of Brunswickeis (who were all kept together), and who
might thus have appeared the tr.sjority to those who bad not an op.
portunity of looking over the whole meeting. One thing, however
was certain, that a few more ►such triumphs would completely rpl;
the Brunswkk party ; sod indeed they seemed to feel this, for no

lasightet). 14 44
attempt has since been made to tall a *nib, thettia: in .._
county. He should like in see his friend Sir 11,..., 1-711
get up such a meeting in Somersetabire—(A Loth). 411 S
Hunt) had no doubt, that If that happened, hetssidd hott,l
give a good account of she Ilan. Bart —rs
himself that he would defeat him on his imn rove litl:S
after some further remarks, was proceeding. but th, II
impatient, and he sat down.
Mr. W$4.11•11111 next rose, and insisted on his tamer, • 1.,
thistle Association,* being given from the Chair ; bat ,1071
deal of confusion and uproar, the Chairman decided the Rh
not, agreeably to the regulations of the Committee it 14
the toasts, be admitted.
The next toa.t was, 0 Libertyy Jry, and may it 1644
Liberty of the Pm. and to the Sebiect."
The Csraistatan then proposed '• 'llse health of Taft. cal
bell, Esd "
Mr. CAMPIELL returned thanks.

The company dull not break up till a late hoar.

TH 14 EVENING STA
_

LONDON.

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 4, 1828
XING WILLIAM LAIIIMID••••1110LIDAT Tag L„r.

FORRION FUNDS, TWO triCl.ocL
Brazilian Ilds. 5 pet. I •Do. Acct. 351 / i
Do. Acct. 651 j Porteg.llds. spl'. ssi i
Buenos Ayres Ilds.6p C. 471 Do Acct. 511 / i
Colombian 11.1..6 wet. 171 Rum lids. 1ti22.5 pct.%
Greek 116.11125. 5 pet. Spanish Lids 5 p q. iii
Do. Acct. 174 12 110 Acct.!! i
Me: Buis. Sp Ct. 26 Ditto 85, Ili
Me5.11411125,6p Ct. 33i Do. Acct.
BRITISH AND FOBBION SHAKICS. TWO (Mutt.
1111•1116 5511*.
Solana 300 309 CS
&annum 3S 20 et c
Colombian . 100 25 lii
Hibernian 50 9 51
Alliance British and Foreign 100 lit Si
Protector Fire 20 2 Xi ttsd
Plurals Gas SO 53 3ti

This morning we received, by Express t! pj
Papers of the 2tl init. The Moniker of that dame%
tains an official dispatch hum the Commander of tit
French forces in the Mores, giving an account of the
occupancy of Navarin, Modon, Coron, and Panes,
the troops under his orders. It appears that alter ihe
departure of IBRAHIM PAQHA for Egypt, the hem
found some difficulty in getiing possession of thew lu.
tresses, the respective Tut kish Commanders ells*
that as the PORTS was not at war with Ft Mkt
England, they should not surrender the torts entrust
to their care, though no act of hostility would be cm
mitted. The object was, however, accomplished, ail,
out having recourse to compulsory measurer, and pot
session was obtained of the whole without bloodshed cs
either side. According to the French General's account i
°rile state of these places, they are all in a very taints
condition, particularly Navarin, which he describes art
heap of infected ruins, affording no resources for thee,
tablishments which are indispensable for his forces, a
in which every thing remains to be create.!. The pi
scalers are all to be sent home. Coron is to be delmee
up to the Government of Greece, as soon as it can srti
a force sufficient to take possession of it. The Brig
naval force, under the orders of Admiral Sir %V. PL.
TopreT MALCOLM, appears to have actively co-oral
with the French in all these enterprises. We obits
the official dispatch :

PROM TVS MONITION, NOV. 2.
PARIS, Nov. 1.

His Excellency the Minister of War has received
following dispatch from the Lieut. General the N
quis de Maison :

• Head-quarters, /Uvula, Ott. I I.

" Sir—l had the houour to inform your Excellency,
by my dispatch of the sth, that, Ibrahim having mild
the day before, I was preparing to attack the format
of Messenia, in case they should refuse to surrender.
" In consequence, on the 6th in the morning, Ico
dered Major General Higonet to put himself at the heal
of the 16th Regiment of the Line, of one detachn,ec:
of Artillery, and one of Engineers, to take up a posing@
near the citadel, and to enter into a parley for the dt•
liverance of that place.
" General Higonet went in person to see the GM.
nor, who said he was ill. Admiral de Rigny,shoW
come to the spot, also went to him, but both hark;
obtained only evasive answers, which amounted to thu,
14 The Porte is not at war with the French or the Lag.
lish; no act of hostility will be cummitteal, but the plan
will not be given up ; orders to march against the for
tress were given, and rapidly mewed.
" Colonel Viscount De Lahite, scarcely recorerel
from a serious illness, had placed himself at the heal
of a detachment of his artillery ; Lieut. Col. Mil* a.
tected a detachment of uppers ; and Colonel Who.
lof the 16th of the line, was at the head of four chose,
;companies of his regiment. Several English Hari
Officers bad joined our troops to combat at their side
es Colonel Audoy's sappers rendered practicabk a
aLcient breach; General Higonet mounted it at the
head of the troops that I have just named, and rig'
'crated into the town, and thence into the citadel, *c-
lout meeting with any resistance. The most palest
order was preserved in this operation.
" We found in Navarin 60 pieces of meson, 50 of
iwhich were mounted and loaded, magazines of prim'
slops for several months, 800,000 cartridges, and water
for 30 days. The garrison was composed of the 4.9 h
Egyptian battalion. of 400 men, 70 gunners, and 60
Maniote Turks. It will be immediately embarked it/
Egypt, with it; arms and baggage. 1 have ordered the
colours of the tlvee Allied Powers to be hoisted on nee
of the towers of the citadel. The fortifications of %a•
'aria are in a bad condition, as well as the atoney
that we have found in it. The town is only a heap of

infected ruins, and offers no resources for the establish-
Men!! which ate indispensable to us. We have eve!?
`thing to create.
" On the 6th, while the movement upon Navarin
executing, I had sent General Durrieu, the Chief rim'
Staff, to summon Modun to surrender. Achill: per
commanded the Egyptians, and Hassan Pacha the
Turks in the fortress. As they agreed in nuking the
same answer that had been given at Navarin, or the
following day, the 7th, I sent the I,stb regiment of tire
line, Colonel Rulliere, a detachment of sappers,
