DEPRESSED STATE OF THE IRON TRADE

TN consequence of the very low prices of IRON,
COTTAM and HA LLEN, of Winsley-street, Odord.street,
and Cornwall-road, Stamford-stroer, have reduced the prices of
IRON HURDLE FENCING, ustillosisk vitt.
Sheep Hurdles' 661.
Strong Cattle ditto .6s. Od.
Light Cattle Hurdles.. .:ss. 6d.
Or ditto .......7s. 6d.
Or at three halfpence per lb.

All other Wrought and Cast Iron Works in proportion. The
New Invisible Strained Wire Fence, fixed complete in lengths of
140 yards each, at ls. 6d. per yard, or the materials supplied, and
a machine may be had for straining the wire.

EMPORIUM, GREEK-STREET, SOHO-SQUARE.
THE numerous deceptions practised in Advertisements
have occasioned most persons to suspect every publication ;
but that the Nobility and Public generally May be assured, beyond
mere assertion, that WAGNER and CHAPMAN have it in
their power to sell, in many instances, lower than the Manufac-
turers' prices, the following list will clearly testify. This arises
from their extensive purchases being continually made for Cash.—
W. and C. invite the attention of Ladies and Families to inspect
the immense variety which is at all times ready for introduction at
their well-known Repository for Cheap Goods of every deserip-
tior..—An Assortment of PRINTED MUSLINS, whirl, for
novelty and extent, is unequalled, from 6d.-90.—t0 224.
Dresses at 2s. 6d. each.—A quantity of TABLE LINEN, vary,.
trig from the commonest for Kitchen use, to the finest SILESIA.
and GERMAN DAMASKS, In every size, wonderfully cheap,
amongst which are good Breakfast Cloths at is. sd. ; much larger
do. at 2s. 31. and 2s. 6d.

Capital Dinner Cloths, at 6s. 6d.
Some soiled, at nearly half price.
Strong Linen Huckaback, at 4d.
Diapers for the Nursery, from 31. 6d.
Linen Sheeting at per yard 4d. and sd.—block Russia do. 7d.
Fail-width, without a seam, in every quality.
Durable Irish Linen, for Shirt., from 84. to ls. 6.1.
Linen Glass Cloths and Dusters, each 2d.
Good White Counterpanes, at 2.. 9d.
Large Blankets fur the Poor, at 2s. 3d.
Lancashire Flannels as low as 3d.—Stout and Fine Welch ditto,
from 44. to Is. 6d.—The finest proportionably low.

Moreau. from 9J.
Printed Furniture' remarkably chcap.

Handsome Batteiste Dresses it ft. 3.d. and Its. 101.

Real French Cambric Handkerchiefs in immense variety. from
le+. per dozen.—Excellent Persian+ in almost every colour. trona
44d. to 9d.

Good broad Sarsnets, at Is. 3d.
Rich Gros de Naps. and Ducapee, le. 9d. 2s. Id. 2a. 6d.
A quantity of Satins, at Is. per yard.
The most magnificent brocaded and figured Silks, at. 31. per
yard under the usual prices.
Good Gau;e Ribbons, at I;d.—Handsome. do. 2W.—Rich wide
and splendid, at Gd.
Ladies' light and dark Kid Gloves, from 4s. 9d. per dozen.—
Vety superior at.6s. 9d. and 10s. per dozen.
Good white. Cotton Hose, from 201. per pair..
Black and white Silk Ditto, es. 3d.
A lot of Kerseymeres, at 3s. 3d. and Broad Cloths equally low.
The approved system. of •busibeas which has pined W. and C.
mach merited patronage being now so universally known, they
deem It scarcely necessary to observe, that THE ABOVE LIST
'IS SO CORRECT, that Dulles may rely upon finding every
article espreued therein. The remaining part of the. Stock of
TWO BANKRUPTS, Romovzo from the. Der, is also still
no Sale, at a very great Reduction in Pristen.—Letterh inclosing
a remittance, attended to wit! pw:cruality, as usual; by WAG-
NER and CHAPMAN, EMPORIUM, 41 and 42, GREEK-
STREET, SOHO-SQUAtItEv

11,..]:ENRY'SCALCINED MAGNESIA continues to
JR be prepared *kb the most scrnpulous•care and attention, by
Messrs. Tuostas and WILLIAM Huey Manufacturing Chemists,
llandititer. 1r is sold in bottles, Price Us. 9d. or with glass
'stoppers at 4s. 6d. stamp included. with full directions for its use,
by. their various Agents in the. Metropolis, and tbsoughout the
United Kingdom; but ircannorbetenuine unless-theirgranieuan
engraved on the Government,Stunp, whisk. is Bled every thecork
or stopper of each bottle.. Minot of the venders .of. thr Magnesia
•may be bad, autheutleated by a.sintilar *saw, lissisr.'s•Autnaessc
6/21111, of VINMIAIII, the invention. of • Mr; liesiryke• ant the only
genuine preparation•of that article:

JERUSALEM, April 20.
(RESIDING UPON MOUNT CALVARY).
TO THE CHURCH OF CHRIST IN GREAT BRITAIN
AND IRELAND.
Dees Fannos..—Having passed through the Desert of Egypt.
with my wife, we arrived in the Holy Qty of Jerusalem four
months ago, end settled ourselves in the Greek comet of Mar
Michel. Being deprived of the protection of Ansbassaden and
Consuls is the natural consequence of the present political events ;
but still you see that there is a higher Oen who protects us—the
Loan from Heaven, without whose will no hair of us can fall on
the ground. On my arrival here I thought that caution must be
used ; but how can caution be used when immortal sinners, who
are either to be eternally happy or eternally miserable, all for the
purpose of hearing what I had to say / Wretched is that Mb
-
Magary, and wo be to that Misdoaary, If he at such a moment
thinks proper to use caution, and be ton the great point! In
short, I proclaimed foe two months to the Jews the great truth—
first, that Jesus of Nesaarnt came the first time on earth despised
and rejected of men, to die for poor sinners ; and, secondly, that
bestial come again with glory and majesty, and glorious la his
apparel, and, travelling in the greatness of his strength, he will
come, the Sou of MAN, in the year 1847, in the clouds of Heaven,
and gather an the tribes of Israel, and govern in person as man and
Gon in the literal city of Jerusalem, with his Saints, and be
adored in the Temple, which will be rebuilt, and thus he *ball
govern 1,000 years ; and I, Joseph Wolff, shall see with my
own eyes Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, in their bodies, in their
glorified bodies; and I shall see thee, Elijah, and thee, Isaiah, and
thee, Jeremiah, and thee, David, whose songs have guided me to
Jesus of Nanaucmt. I shall see you all here at Jerusalem. where
.1 am now writing these lines . These were the topics upon which
1 spoke, not only with Jews, but likewise with some Iluasahnsas.
:The Scriptures beside us could testify of all this truth having been
circulated publicly in the market-place of Jerusalem. We went to
Bethlehem, and then in the open ntarket.place I proclaimed the
Gospel to the Christians of that place, not far from that spot where
that holy Child Jesus was born. The second method of caution
which I used was this : I went to the Turkish Governor of the
place, and told him that I was spending my time in speaking with
Jewi, and other nation., on this object of religion. The Jewish
Rabbis have pronounced an excommunication. and have threatened
with imprisonment all those Jews who should call upon us, which
prevents them now from coming ; but I do not despair, and we
are now establishing a school for Gentile children, in order to pro-
voke to jealousy the Jews of Palestine. And another me-
thod of caution which I used was this : the Jews accused
me to the Prime Moister of Damascus, who is a Jew him-
self, as a disturber of their religion. I sent to that very
Prime Minister a copy of the New Testament, and exhorting
him to examine it, and to admonish the Jews of Jerusalem not to
be so intblarant. He wrote to me a kind letter, as an mower, and
acknowledged the receipt of the book. I mention all these cir-
cumstances here for the purpose of rousing all blis.ionaries, and
encourage them to press forward to the place of their destination,
an& trust in the LORD, at a moment when they are deprived of
human protection, and not to stop in Italy when they are destined
for Turkey ; and I write these lines for a higher purpose—namely,
to awaken the Gentile churches from their deep slumber, and to
take in hand the Scripture, and not commentaries, in order that
they may understand the words of the Prophets, of which they
are totally ignorant--as ignorant and obstinate in their ignorance. •
and pleased with their ignorance, respecting the second personal
coming of Comte, as much as the Jews are ignorant and (Anti.
nate; and pleased with their ignorance and obstinacy, respecting
the first coming of our Loa* Jesus Cuazav, in his humiliation;
and let me repeat, what I have said over and over to the Mission.
are Societies for the PrOlnOthn of the Gospel among the Hea-
then, and they will have no success until Jerusalem shall be re-es-
tablished in her banty. and shall be the joy of the whole earth,
and until that glorious time will come, and Elijah, the Prophet,
shall prepare the way to the Messenger of the Covenant, to turn
the hearts of the fathers to their children, and the beans of the
children to their fathers ; only then, when the mountain of the
Loan's house shall be established, literally established, in the top
of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills, then all na-
tions shall now unto it, and then many people shall go and say,--
Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD; tti the
'house of the Gon of Jacob ;" and then be will teach the ?sashes
world of his ways, and then they shall :walk in his path, for oat
of Sion shall go forth the Lotto, and the word of the LORD from
Jerusalem.

And I write this lettir from Jerusalem to tell to, the Jews of
London the awful truth, that, whilst I hope glorious events for the
Jewish nation, that my•preaching of the Gospel will serve chiefly
for the eternal condemnation of the present generation of the Jews
in England and Palestine, for they are the most horrid idolaters,
and mono) is their idol; and their self-conceit, and their seltsulli-
ciency and their vanity, have reached thc highest step of disgusting-
ness ; and not only disgustingneu, but in the countenances of some it
seemed that devils are dancing about, and especially upon the coun-
tenances of tie learned Rabbis, who are often companions of thieves,
deceivers, and impostors, sw , perverters of the law, unclean
in body and soul, persecutors of the poor, enemiesto the orphans
and widows; and they are those wretched ahepherds of Israel upon
whom the Prophets of old, and Jesus Christ himself, pronounced
woes; and, authorised by the Prophets and by the Lord Jesus
Christ, I pronounce over them Wo! wo, wo! but I still foresee
that this very call, which will give offence both to Gentile and Jew,
will be, by the blessing of God, the instrument of rousing several
to their duty. (Signed) JOSEPH W OLFF, '
2llluiooary to the Jews in Palestine and Perste.' •

NEW YORK PAPERS.

From the Mercantile Advertiser.
FROM VERA CRUZ.

Captaiti Matt; arrived here front via Havanna, left
Vera Crus on the 2d ult. in the brig Bevan of Philadelphia. On
the 10dr, went off .Sisal. saw 14 sail of •tnen of war and other
vestals, supposed the Spanish squadron from Havanna, steering in,
the direction of Vera Crux. It was believed at Vera Crux, that
the expedition intended landing at Campeachy, to which
place four hundred troops had been dispatched. Vera
Crux was io a. miserable state fur defence, there being only
about 900 troops in the town, and only 50 in the castle, with only
two or three weeks provisions. The ships of war Asia, Libertad.
Bravo, and others, were stripped and laid up, with only two or
three men on board of each. The officers were wandering about
the streets, having received no pay, and were so poor that they
were offering for sale their chronometers and nautical Matra►
menus, at one•twentieth of their value.

Capt. Raker, of the Prince Edward, front Tampico, July 9th,
informs us that the inhabitants were in the daily expectation of re-
ceiving a visit from the Spanish expedition, as letters had been re-
ceived at that place from Havanna, stating that they would laud
on the coast between Tampico and Campeachy. In consequence,
the authorities had ordered all the Spaniards into the interior, and
were making great preparations for defence, by fortifying. the
place and calling out the militia. There were about,l,ooo regular
mops at Tampico, whi.hi with the militia, it was expected, would
constitute a force. to repel the enemy with ease,. should
they think proper to attack that place.
REDUCTION OF THE TARIFF. •
At last the ruin resulting from the endeavour to force the ma-
nufactures of the country has had the effect to convince time 106.3
look to the future prosperity of themselves and of the coldierpdlat
the sure unavoidable effects of high ditties are to creatir a dogtrot-
tive competition and a system of smuggling. To whatevevitgante
of the Union we look, the sentiment is growing stronger, that a re-
duction of the late tariff, and that only, can restore the commerce
of thi country to its former flourishing state, and give to the ma-
nufactures the protection which be ought to have.
Whenever the. tariff of duties is raised so high as to render
smuggling a matter of systematic profit; the tariff is too high ;
it injures the revenue, cripples commerce, and= iisius the manu-
facturer.

They who talked largely of additional revalue cutters, and
a preventive service, now begin to think that no possible force
can guard a frontier like ours. Those who knew any thing
of the de" of high duties on the trade between Great
Utitain•aad the Continent, karsv. full well treat at Bchlbtoos
and, 11600, at eltnost every part of the channel shore. French..
goods rapid be contracted for, and.dilirtied for less than the du-
ties, notwithstanding an °Seer of the preventive wielee was to be
met with every fifty yard•. The folly of any- such force in this:
country now begins to be admitted by the most violent, anctrublie

SYRA, Jura. 10.
The last accounts from Candia state that the English Consul,
after his installation, had sent his interpreter to the Candioc Chiefs
toVersuade them to lay down their arms, telling them, that as by
the Treaty of the 6th July their island is to remain under the
Turkish dominion, they must not expect any success from their
enterprise. These paternal exhortations have not produced the
effect which the Consul expected, for the Greeks continue to
harms the Turks, who are obliged to act on the defensive.
From the Monitcur of Friday.
LISBON, Aug. 19.—(PRIVAVe COSRISPONDENCE.)
The Princess-Dowager of Brazil, Donna Frances Ilenedicta,
died yesterday morning at half-put four o'clock, at the age of 83
years, in the 17th day of her illness of a bilious fever, a disorder
which at present prevails in this capitaL The death of this Prin.
Coss has been greatly felt by all those who are about her, and who
knew how much vexation she had endured since the return of her
nephew, Don Miguel, to Portugal.
From the Journal des Debals of Friday.
PARIS, Sur. 4.
The resignation of M. anteaubriand cannot be accused of
ambition or of pride. He is not induced Ibis time to enter the
Opposition, by even the encouragements of an august Prince, the
heir of the throne ; nor driven from of by a sudden aggression.
He bad received no personal attack when he adopted the present
course; nothing induced him to proceed thus but his conscience.
From the Constitutionnel, Sept. 4.
PARIS, Semi.
Tait Chants* accoannto To vas Aurrocaecv.—M. de Polignac
bad, at ant, so marked an aversion, that to avoid swearing to ob-
serve its provisions, he avoided sitting in the Chamber of Peers for
a year. The example of England, and particularly the progress
which has been made by the doctrines of the Society of Jesus in
Walter, appear to have dissipated his scruples and his repugnance.
Ho will now make protestations in favour of our fundamental law.
He will even, if necessary, take the word of lg. de Bourniont,
a pledge of his candour. He is convinced, that by means of a good
Law of Election, which will make France a real rotten borough,
the Charter will be more profitable to the Aristocracy than even
absolute power.

The English Aristocracy, which seems to have deputed him to
be the reformer of our Institutions, and the director of our policy,
has already traced out to him by its Journals the course we ought
to pursue. It has recommended three measures, and its affection
towards France is a pledge that they are well selected. The first
is to reform the Law of Elections, so that the Aristocracy may be
always certain of having an incontestable majority. The second,
to reform the Law of Succession, so that the territorial property,
which gives power, may remain undivided in the families of the
Aristocracy. The third, to make such a law with respect to the
Press, that there may be no security in manifesting one's opinion,
eicept when it is conformable to the interests of the Aristocracy
and the Catholic Clergy.

The results to which the English Aristocracy wishes to lead us by
'these means are easy to perceive. There is no longer any means
of re-establishing servitude as it existed in the good times of the
feudal system; if the restored Aristocracy endeavoured to spare
the population and attach it to the land, that would be more dan-
gerous to it than to France. It is no longer possible to transform
France into a family estate, of which a Prince would have the
absolute disposal, on condition of sharing its proceeds wills his
courtiers. The re-establi,lament of the regime, founded by Louis
the Fourteenth, is not less possible thin the feudal regime. There
is a third system, which it is much more practicable to establish ;
and that it the me of which England presents us the model, and
which M. de Polignac has j 414 endeavoured to establish, and that
is the general slavery of the industrious classes by the Aristocracy,
under constitutt nal forms and names.
In that system, which the English 6overnment perfectly under-
stands, the legislative power belongs exclusively to the members of
the aristocracy. Tne public offices which lead to honours and for-
tune belong only to men invested with legislative power, to their
children, or relations. The people who labour are the property of
public functionaries. The English Aristocracy manages the indus-
trious classes with great skill ; it leaves them the means of pro-
ducing, wealth ; each individu il may choose his trade. All things
which could "check production are checked. The labourers are as
free in their industry and their commerce ss bees in a hive.
But this labour is no mere advantageous to the labourers than
the honey to the bees. The Aristocracy by means of the taxes,
which it alone has the power of imposing, absorbs the g r part
of their produce, and is distributed under different name.' to the
different members of which it is composed. The Parliament is,
in fact, a machine which pumps out the riches of the people into
the hands of the. Aristocracy ; but as it is an intelligent machine, it
leaves to the industrious classes what is necessary for their labour.

The English Aristocracy allows some popular men to come into
the Parliament, which is for it♦ benefit. If men for whose ad-
vantage alone the industrious class is burthened. exclusively com-
posed the LegislaUire, it might compromise its power by requiring
more from the people than it could pay. Tbr popular men in the
Chandlers take care to advertise it when it is exposed to any danger.
'The Opposition in the machine of Government performs, io fact,
idle office of the valve in the steam-engias.. . . .

The exercise of aristocratic powe; being attached to the pits-
.sessisa of great landed property, it can he conceived hew younger
brothers cannot have any share in the real estate which their pa.
rents leave at their decease. The children of an aristocratic iamsly
:would, in fact, all fall into. the vulgar ranks. if they shared in
etpltl parts the property of their pareuts. The eldest then keeps
to himself the landed estate, to which is attached the exercise of
aristocratic power ; and he then makes use of that power to
enrich his younger brothers at the expense of the industrious
clas es. We are very much mistaken it we imagine, that, in ling-
+land, all the property of an. aristocratic family devolves exclusively
on the eldest : the latter takes, it is true, the real property. which
is exclusively the fancily prop. rty ; hot the younger brothers best
fur' themselves the ecclesiastical benefices; richly eedeired:slineri
ewes, or offices, which the public is forced to pay. All this pr..
perry I...considered at the patrimony of the fatoily, for we cannoV
toe often repeat it. the Aristocracy piece, among: its pr?perin wee
only the Lind which it possesses directly, but she the uldustriews

Soon atter his arrival at Aidos, Count Diebitsch learned that the
Mahomedan inhabitants of some villages near the town, who had
fled into the mountains on the approach of our troops, bad ex-
pressed a wish to return to their homes with their families, and
there to live under the protection of the army. The General has-
tened to take advantage of this wish. After this communication,
the inhabitants of twelve villages, all Mahomedans, encouraged by
the assurances of his Exec fleecy, delivered up their arms to us, and
returned to their home., and have received from the Commander
in Chief letters of protection and safeguard.
The same measure is beginning to be carried into effect further
on towards Adrianople, and several villages have submitted and
delivered up their arms to the vanguards of Count Pablen's tops
at Faki, promising to remain quiet under our protection.
Under these favourable circumstances, the Commander in Chief
has thought proper to issue a proclamation to the inhabitants of
Burnell° (we have already given this proclamation).
News from the army of the Caucasus to the 10th (22d) of July,
says--The Emperor has just received from the Commander-in-
Chief the &Solving particulars of the operations since the taking of
Erzerouni :—ln order to protect his Banks from any attack, Count
Paskewitch sent eat two expeditions—one under CO4Ollll Leman,
to Choriss, a fortified place at the distance of 100 wersts on the
road to Muscle; and the ether under Major-General Buttxoff, to
Berbrut (or Bainurdi) a (actress, at the distance of 120 wersts, on
the road to Trebisonde.

Moveable columns were sent to the Sandjaks, of Otti Narimane.
Scheme' and Adschara, which bad declared against us, in order to
make them submit to the Russian Government. On the 4th (16th)
July, before the departure of the expedition to Choriss, Deputies
from the inhabitants of that fortress came to request the Count to
take them under his protection against she troops of the Packs of
Mucha, consisting of bands who, on the news of the taking of
Erzeroum, had surprised and plundered the village of Choriss, and
the neighbouring villages, while the Packs was obliged to retreat
with his troops to Mukha, and even further to Bittess.
Colonel Leman was therefore ordered to occupy Chain. which
was defended by some cannon, and to afford all possible protection
to the inhabitants. No enemy was any where met with in the
Sandiacks of Atti and Nurinane, which had sent deputies to offer
their submission. On the other side. Gen. Bunzoff 's expedition
to Berbrut was completely successful.
This fortress, which, with the town that it protects, is equal in
extent to Kars, and is remarkable both for the cleanliness of the
streets and the beauty of the buildings was occupied, without any
resistance, on the 7th (19th) July. The Major-General gives the
following account of this event
After our detachment had left the camp at Erxeroum on the
Stb (17th July), it bivouacked on the banks of the little river
Tachoroka, four or five leagues from Berbrut; the way over the
ridge of the mountains was very fatiguing ; at one place, where
there were numerous galleys, the way was so steep and dangerous,
that several of our wagrjoos were precipitated Into the ravine, where
the horses immediately perished.
" Our spies had informed us that the Kraja of the Seraskier,
with the Pachas. Yaslia and Tystchi Oylon, had about 5,000 troops
in this district, of which about 2,000 had returned to their borne.;
that the Pease, with the remaining 3,000 men. intended to defend
the town ; and that 500 were left to defend the upper work., two
leagues from the place. On the 7th (19th) the spies informed they
bad met with these Turkish troops; according to his order
Major-General Burtzoff resolved to make himself master of the
upper works, and then to advance. Major Sas., who was sent
with 100 infantry and some cavalry to occupy the works, was re-
ceived with a discharge of musketry by the inhabitants' chiefly
Greeks. Some threw away their arms, and, preceded by the
images of their saints, came to meet us. Thus we got possession
of these works.

" On its march front this place to Derbrut, the detachment met
at the distance of twelve wersts front the town a deputation of the
inhabitants, who brought a document by which they engaged to
deliver up the town and fortress on the same conditions as at Krze.
roum, and engaged to the disarening.the entire population both of
the town and the adjacent villages.
" The deputies told us that the Turkish Commander, on bearing
of the advance of the itussian troops, had left the town. partly on
the evening of the 6th (18th) July, and the remainder on the morn-
ing of the 7th (19th); after plundering the Armenian villages in the
neighbourhood. they had dispersed in various directions towards
Erdzinschon, Gentisch, Chan Trebisonde, and Tapir.
" After the occupation of Berbrut, we found there four cannon,
a powder magazine, and a great quantity of provisions. On his
march to Berbrut, Major-Gen. ilutsoff met a great number of the
Inhabitants, who were tearing with their families into the interior
Turkish provinces ; among them were many who came from Kars,
Sevires, Madockengher, and other places • but when they framed
that Erarount was in our posseesiun. they gave up their plan of
seeking an asylum elsewhere, serf returned to their bonzes.
" The Paths of Varna. who has succeeded in collecting 'home
10.000 men anew frontiers of the Pathstk of Bajamd, bad made
a vigorous attack on the fortress at the end of June (beginning of
July), but he was repulsed after a sanguinary engagement, by the
brave garrison of that place, under the Major-General Dotson*, and
notwithstanding his superior force obliged to retreat. lie bad
encamped fifteen wants from Bajaild, intending to wait fur rein-
forcements ; but having learned on the sth (17th) of July the tak-
ing of &unmans, be kit his camp with his troops, and fled.
" Thus the success of ur arms on the centre of the line of
operations, has secured a part of our left flank against all the at-
tacks of the enemy. His first defeat neat Bajazid cost us 3co men
In killed and wounded."
Together with this reran. Comte' Paskewitch sends to the Eth -
perm' the keys of the fortressof Cheap', and four horse-tails, in-
signia of the Deputy Seraskier, which fell into our hands with the
!lboaskier, three standards belonging toibase horse-tails. and four
stammletds of the regular infantry, allftrophin from Erserouln ;
lowly, the Sandjack standard of the &trashier, and the standard of
his Masamnf the Horse. There are alio three horse-tails. four
bdonging to. Yoidisi' Packs,. ho
standards, and one. trombones,
I left them bebihd in his house when he fled: •
