FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ON? O'CLOrlt
Redate.ed 34-omintunt 7--Corr. for Tin. Ss j. die. on.
4 per Lent 6) Oki 5 per Ceut. 9z—New ditto 90.
Osmium 7 dif.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock 1431 1441 Sbi-.rt Ann. 3 t-t 6
3 per Ccnt. Red. 33;i India Stock 164 168 .
3 per C. Conf. Ann. thus India Bonds, par
4 per Cent- 691iti Bill,, 3s. a 41.
s per Cent. Ann. IS9 41 as, omnium 7-1 7 dif.
Ditto, 1797, 901 96 7...kett t.l. es.
LAMS Ann. ij 13.16 at-161 Cont for opg. 541 351 SS

We cannot refrain from calling the particular at-
tention of our countrymen to the Gazette of l.ta
night. They will be at a las whether moa to ad-
mire the bravery or the humanity of our gallant tars.

This day a Hamburgh mail arrived, by which we
have received Dutch papers of the 18th Nov. betides
Hamburgh papers to the 2:d, and various letters
from different parts of the Continent.
We are concerned to Hate, that our letters from
Copenhagen, report the Lis of a Britifh frigate, com-
manded by Captain BaRESFORD. The veffel is not
named, but we know that one of our frigates, la Atilt
GINIF, of 4et guns, Captain BERESFURD, failed for
the North Sea fome time ago.
Our letters from Peteriburgh of the 4th tilt. Date
a fa& that feems in lime deg; re to corroborate fome
late accounts from that capital—The French Am-
hafrador was to quit St. Peteriburgh in a few days.
The I.I4PLItOR has alfo ordered a new levy of recruits
to the amount of 36,0c0, to be completed by the 27th
of next month.

The news from Berlin feem alfo to deferve the
confli!eration of politicians. The Ruffian AmbiaLtsfor
at that Court, was to fct out On the aoth ult. to 'Mt
F.utin, Hamburg!), Lubec, and Bremen—Certainly
not for the purpole of recommending to them to cons-
ply with the demands made by France, of a fupply
of money. from aisle towns under the name of a least.
We null m t dwell on this at pram, but only ob
fer ye, that neither the Ruffian r. Sas,m Amtiaffa•
,l( IA were pieft.i.t at the /korai% way of tl.c iSth
flutmaire, (Nov. to), celebwed by the Flei.,l
ati-
&Act at Vicua.t.

It Weirs ho our Wants from the South of En.
rope, that the Fix sr CONSUL meditates force move-
ment in that quarter. Numbers of French troops
have been marched from the Kingdoin of Etruria for
the coAft of the Adriatic ; but their ultimate detli•
nation is a fecret--not to his Majefly's Minifters
we fhould hope, as we cannot fuppofe that they have
not kept a watchful eye on that quarter in particular.

At Toulon the French have a number of troops
embarked, watching for Lord NELSON being blown
off their coal, to Sicily, an opportunity of putting to
fca. In this expeCtation we hope they will be difap-

pointed.
LEGHORN, Ocr. 28.—A French fquadron, with a
great many tranfports on board, is now lying at
Toulon ready to fail on a fecret expedition, as loon
as Admiral NELSON may be driven from the coati by
bad weather. The Enghth fquadron, which block-
ades Genoa, eonfifis of two (hips of the line, eight
frigates, and four cutters, befides fcveral Ilat-bot-
turned and other velrels. The blockade extends from
Capo delle Melle to iareggio. It is added, that
the Englilh have given all the neutral rads, lying
at Genoa, persniflion to fad from that place within
fourteen days. _ _

BOLOGNA, Nov. 4.—ln the courfe of the lall
eight days a great many French troops from the
kingdom of Etruria have palled through this place,
on their way to the coati of the Adriatic. Their def-
lination is Ilill a fecret.

The two aerial travellers Count ZABISECCAII, and
Dr. AN DR EOLI, have At length arrived here from Ve-
nice. The former is hill in a very bad Rate of health,
and it is much feared that he will lofe the ufe of his
hands entirely. He has been advifed to ufe the baths
of Pifa.

HAGUE, Nov. ,6.—" General VICTOP. yefterday
informed the DireCtory, that within twenty four
hours, he mull have 500,000 florins, on account of
the pay due to the French troops encamped between
Utrecht and Ametsfort, and in North Holland;
and that if the money was not paid before eleven
o'clock this day, be would order the troops to march
to Amiterdam, there to pay themfelves is the Bank.
Couriers were immediately difpatched to Amfterdam
and Rotterdam ; and leveret rich Jews, and other
wealthy individuals, were invited to wait upon
our Minifler of Finance, to confult about railing
the money. Much anxiety and doubt prevailed. At
length, at two o'clock this morning, 350,00 florins
were procured, as report fays, at an tatereft of
neatly twenty-five per cent. which, with the 150,000
florins in the National Treafury, made up the fum
demanded by BONAPARTE'S armed Proconfnl.—
Four waggons loaded with this money, or, as fome
think, with only a part of it, went away this morning
at ten o'clock, under the efiort of a party of French
buffers. They took the road for. Utrecht. The
pay of our own army is three months in wear.—
our treafure is empty, our commerce dearoyed, our
profperity fled with our independence, while beggary
and slavery have fucceeded to both. It is impoffible
our prefent fituation can tall for twelve months
longer. Without fome favourable change in that
time, we mull ceafe to be a nation, May our exam-
ple prove a warning to Englifhmen, and confizm
their diflike to French fraternity."
HANOVER, Nov. 18.—The day before yeflerday
appeared a proclamation of the Magiftrates, to the
following are :A All arms, ammunition, cloath.
ing, equipage of every kind, belonging to the Ha-
noverian atmy, or to fingle regiments, whether in
magazines, or the care of individuals, mull be de-
dared and delivered up in 48 hours at the bureau of
Gen. Sot tele, under pain of military execution."—
No inhabitant of this city i.; permitted to wear arms,
and no one dart go out with a fowling•piece without
a particular permiffion from General Scutt:la. All
(hangers arriving here mutt be immediately an-
nnunced without diftinetion. Several waggons, with
uniforms, great coats. fhirts, Sec. are gone to Zelle.
General MORTIER'S Guides will ffiortly have new uni-
forms, cloaks, boots, caps, complete horfe.furniture,
3tc. for which a fum of zo,ooo riz•dollars is required.
DRESDEN, Nnv. z4.—The Duchcfs of P•au• is
arrived here to fpend the winter.
ST. PITERSILIRGH, Nov. I.—The baptifm of the
new born fon of Citizen Von Hocarnear, the Bata-
v Lin Amballedor, has been celebrated by the preacher
of the Reformed (Calvinifl) Church, in the Tauric
Palace, in pretence of the Emperor, who hirer&
flood fponfor, and fume minutes after caufed a cap, in
form of a diadem, richly ornamented with jewels, to
be prefented to the mother. His Imperial ?staidly
alfo prefented the Clergymanwith a fine brilliant ring.
—We have received the news that two Caravans from'
Bucharia are on their way to Ruffia : one goes to the
Fortrefs Orfk, and confills of 1500 camels ; the other
of woo camels, goes to Trnitzk.
Nov. 4.—The French Ambatrador leaves Petert
burgh in a few days. An Ukafc of the 2,1 inflant,
orders a levy of recruits to the number of 36,000
men, to commence on the 27th November inn. and
to be completed on or before the 27th January, 'BO4.
—The Emperor has appointed 250,000 roubles, for
the building of the New Exchange. A National
Theatre is alto to be ereited.

Cortmuacsa, Nov. if.—Two merchants, for-
nierly eftablifned here, who have been found guilty
of procuring Danish paffports and other fhips papers
for a foreign fhip, have been condemned not only to
pay a heavy fine, but to lofe their right of citizens.
Lad week there arrived (candy a Logic lip from

:r

the N.,t t!1 gel, on leetitifit of the wind. .A convey
from London, and another from Hull, are cape:led.
A Britilh frigate, commanded by Capt. Bsessroan,
has brought Tome merchantmen to Hornbeck, and
then immediately put off to fea. It is faid to have
been ftranded loon after, together with a Danilh bt ig,
upon Anholt.
According to the lateft accounts, the population
of the Duchy of Slefwick amounts to 250,003 fouls.
and that of HoMein to 120,000, exclulive of the
town of Altona, which contains 23,003.
AUGSBULGII, OCT. 28.--Lcrters from Italy Rate,
that the Englith have colleeled a new fquadron, com-
poled entirely °flight yeti's, frigates, floor's, and cut-
ters, along the coafts of the kingdom of Naples, to
prevent the French from having any communication
with the Neapolitan territories and other parts of
Italy. We learn Ali), that Lord NeLson has fent a
very laconic letter to the Minifter of the King of the
two Sicilics, in which he afTerts, that having been in-
formed that the enemies of the Englifh receive Air.
tance and protection from the Neapolitan Govern-
ment, he will be obliged, if theca meafures are conti.
nued, to treat his Majefty as an enemy to Great Bri,
tain.

This morning, about two o'clock, a fire was dif.
covered in the long range of auelion-rooms, manu-
faElories, and warehoufes, between Frith•llreet and
Dean-ftreet, Soholquare. On the firft alarm, the
manufa&ory of Jac x sow and Mos ER, furnifhing iron-
mongers, and the work (hops of Jastssom and Wu-
xi:, coach makers, appeared to be in flames.
The drums of the St. James's, and of the Royal
Weftminfter Volunteers immediately beat to arms,
and detachments from thefe valuable corps, hallened
with the moft commendable alacrity to lend their Xll
finance in fubdning the flames, and in proteaing the
property of thole perfons who were fuffering frons
this calamity. It was near two hours, however, be.
fore water could be procured in fufficient quantities
to fupply the engines, now colleeted from every cor.
ner of the town. In the mean time the flames were
raging with uncontroulable fury.
Adjoining to the buil4ings already on fire were,
the large furniture repofitory of Meffrs. Hamilisos
and WESTWOOD, extending from Frith-11feet to Dean.
&set ; the fcbool-room of the Frith•flreet Academy;
a large au Lion-room in the rear of Compton-ftreet,
and the back warehoufe`, full of goods, belonging
to Mr. Bosco, furniflsing ironmonger, alto of Comp-
ton-ftreet.—all of which loon formed one general mats
of conflagration. From thefe premifes the flames
were rapidly communicated to the dwellinthoufe of
Mr. Rau, upholfterer, in Compton.flreet, and to the
potatoe warehoufe adjoining, both of which houfes,
together with the back part of Mr. RIM'S the grocer,
were confumed.

At this time, the wind changing from due North
to near South Well, the games, avoiding. as if by
mitacle, the corner houfe in Compton-itreet, com-
municated to the Weil fide of Fritloireet, where the
following lioufes were deftroyed in regular progref.
Pion, one after another :
The houfe No. 39, gutted.

The houfe of -- Efq. a complete ruin.
The following houfes are levelled with the ground a
The houfe of Mr. HOGARD, attorney.
The Frith•Qreet Academy, front and rear.
The houfe and premifes of Mars. Hawaiians and
Wasrwoon, auftioneers.

The houfe and eztenfive agrkfhops o Mars.
Jamison and WsLitz, coachnzakers.
The houfe and workthop of Mr. Lucas, a refpeco
table matter taylor.

The dwelling-houfe of ----T.-7 Moss', Efq. and
The dwelling-honk. offices, And extenave manq.
&Flory, of Meas. jscasort and Mossa.
It was in their pretnifes that this dellruEtive cala-
mity is fuppofed to have originated ; and it was with
the dellruelion of their dwelling-houre, within three
doors of Queen-flreet, that the provers of the
flames was arrelled, and end put to a conflagra-
tion which threatened with defolation the whole of a
very rerpeetable neighbourhood.

About ten o'clock this morning, the front of on
of the houfcs in Compton-firm fell in with a terriblg
crafh. Several friends who had come to enquire for
Mr. Ram, the clothier at No. co, were iu imminent
danger—the parapet from the falling bottle opporite
drove in his (hop-door juft as his friends, feeing their
danger,were running into the back-parlour for filcher.
&fides what is above Rated, the back parts of all
the honfes in Dean-greet, and the whole fronts of the
eaR fide of Frith-greet have received great injury.--
Indeed, the latter greet exhibits an awful fpeftacle to
the feeling mind ; the only confolation arifing from
which is, that nn lives have been loft. A Fire-man
of the name of Crocker, feeing the front of one of
the burning honks giving way, took fhelter in the
door-way of the honk, No. tB, oppofite—but here
misfortune overtook him ; both of his thighs were
broken by the falling brickwork, and the door was
completely driven in.

Great paife is due to the Volunteer Gentlemen who
attended on this occafion. It was owing to thrin en-
tirely that perfons and property were prnteaed. The
flames were not get completely under till after
6 o'clock ; but the Volunteers, with a perfewerance
charaficriftic of their zeal, and aufpicious of their
future prowefs, remained on duty the greater part
of the day, protraing the furniture of tbe fulfacts
from the hands of depredators.
