MICISAG6 11110M_ THE LOUD&

A tine was brought hem the lieds stating that their lard hips
had agreed to a bill to enable his majesty to affix the sign manual
by commission to such bills, and documents Night require
it, and their Lndshipa requested u Night
concurrence of the commons
house of parliament to the said bill.
The SPEAKEII having maim"

the message to the house,

Mr. Secretary PEEL-said that in moving the reading of this bill
be must repeat hb deep regret in common with the whole nation at
the circumstances which rendered this application necessary. It was
painful to Ma Majesty on account of the illness under which he was le.
touring, to attach his signature to those bills which required it, though
notwithstanding the painfulness of the attempt he still endeavoured
wherever it was necessary, to place his signature. He trusted,
therefore, that the house would spare hint the pain which the signing
of these bills inflicted upon him. The present bill enabled hie
Majesty by warrant containing the sign manual, to empower two
persons to affix two stamp, one engraved " George IL and the
other "G.R." to such papers as required it. These persons were to
oiltii: the prasenee of his Majesty, and of three oat of seven of hls
r offices' of mile, who were to be tea and were ego to
sign it, one of these three being one Of his asety's principal secre-
taries of state. As *further precaution the parties affixing the tamp
were to take an oath prescribed by the bill,whlch was calculated oily
for the present session,and he sincerely trusted that it might be wholly
unnecessary to renew any measure of the. kind. There was also a
clause enabling his Majesty whenever he chose to sign any paper
he thought proper, so that lie might resume the full exercise of his
prerogative whenever he thought proper. There were precedents
for adopting such a measure in former reigns without application tea
Parliament ; but it was deemed the safest course to come at once to
both houses with the present measure. It was desirable to pass the
bill with as little delay as possible, and he should therefore move
it be read a first and second time that night, and it might go through
its remaining stages to.moirow, so as to receive the royal assent on
Saturday.
Lord ALTHORP said he saw no objection to the bill, under the
circumstances, but as this measure would be cited as a precedent,
he thought it advisable that the house should have evidence ut
the state of his majesty, which might be adduced by to-morrow
evening.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said that his majesty himself had stated to
the Houses of Parliament his inability, and lac trusted, under the
peculiar circumstances of the case, the nole lord would require no
further evidence.—(Hear.)
Lord ALTHORP would not press the suggestion farther.
Sir C. WETHERELL said, that his Slajesty might use Re
stamp with his own hand, which might be as efficient as if he signed
in manuscript. though Lord Coke was certainly of a different opi.
nion. He should deprecate the changing the constitutional mode of
affixing the sign manual, and affixing a stamp instead of band.
writing, for a stamp might be lost or misapplied. Still lie admitted
that a case of necessity had been made out, and he also admitted
that there were sufficient safeguards agairst the abase of the powers
conferred. He thought there ought to be a clause in the bill.
making it forgery to counterfeit the stamp, and high treason to
affix such counterfeit to any official paper or document. By an act
of Mary there was such a clause against the forgery of the sign ma.
nuat, and if It applied to the forgery of the sign manual it ought
also to apply to this stamp.
Mr. BERNAL admitted the correctness of the facts stated by the
hon. and learned gentleman ' - but be thought it quite unnecessary,
there being so malty safeguards in the bill that there was no chance
whatever of such an occurrence. Still if it would not delay the bill,
be would not object to such a clause; but if it was to delay the bill
for a single day, he would decidedly object to its introduction.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that a precedent had been discovered
yesterday, in the reign of Philip and Mary, and it was very curious
that the measure which was adopted on that occasion was in all its
parts precisely similar to dile present, although it was not disco-
vered until after the preparation of the present bill. With all the
safeguards provided by the bill, and considering the short duration
of the bill, and the number of signatures that was to be forged, it
was scarcely possible that any forgery could be executed. If it
should be necessary to make a more permanent measure, it might
then become necessary to make some such provision as that MOM.
mended by the hon. and learned gentleman.
Mr. LENARD said, he should be sorry to see any additional
treasons enacted.
Sir R. VYVYAN thought the bill ought to be printed before it
was read a second time.—(No, no, no.) •
The bill was then read a first and second time, and ordered to be
committed to-morrow.

Colonel SlBTHORPDpostponed his motion for the better ac-
commodation of reporters, until Tuesday the 22d of June.
MALT AND BEER BILL iII:INLAND).
Mr. D IWSON brought ins bill fort reduction of the duty on
malt and beer.—Read a first time.

ISLAND Or CEYLON.
Sir H. STEWART moved for a select committee, to inquire
Into the revenue and expenditure of the island of Ceylon. The
government of Ceylon was half a million in debt, and the re.
venue falling short itf the expenditure 100,0001. per annum ;
with such a burthen of debt, it was quite sufficient to justify
the house in the appointment of a select committee to in.
vestigate the subject. There was a close monopoly of the trade
of the colony, and the expense of the government was immoderate.
The judicial department of the island also required material
alteration, and the first step towards placing it on • proper
footing, would be to render the judges of the Supreme Courts
independent of the local Government. There were two circum-
stances respecting Ceylon which must secure it the sympathy of
two powerfill bodies in that house—the supporters of Catholic man.
eipation and of the abolition of slavery. In the year 1806 the C'atlio.
Be inhabitants of Ceylon were completely emancipated, and in the
year 1816 the slave-owners voluntarily came to a resolution that all
children of slaves should be born free. That resolution was unani-
mously adopted by all the slant-owners, amounting to 701, and had
since given freedom to upwards of ten thousand children; nor had
it been violated in a single instance.--(Hear, hear.)—The house
knew how their recommendations for the amelioration of the condi-
tion of slaves in the West Indies had beer. met by the slare.owners,
and yet their produce was protected in this market, while the sugar
and coffee of Ceylon was met in the British market by a prohibitory
duty.—(Hear hear.)—The hon. gent. concluded by moving that a
Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the revenue,expindi.
hire, and commerce of Ceylon.
Sir GEORGE MURRAY said he should not follow the hon.
gentleman into all the topics he had introduced, but would at once
admit that the inhabitants of Ceylon had long laboured under con.
aiderable difficulties, arising front the monopoly system, the es.
penaivenesa of the establishments, and other causes. Trade, bow.
ever, was much improved, and a considerable reduction of expense
had taken place; and lie had received dispatches from the com-
missioners now on the island which led him confidently to expect
that they would close their inquiry, and make their report in the
month of July next. He agreed with the hon. gentleman in all he
had said in favour of Ceylon, of the salubrity of its climate, and
adaptation foe trade ; but as the public at large were not well in.
formed on that subject, he supposed it would not be preferred by
emigrants to other colonies. As we were to speWily to have the
report of the commissioners, he thought it would not be advisable to
bring the subject under the consideration of a committee till that
report should be received. He must, therefore, oppose the motion
or the honourable gentleman.
Mr. O'CONNELL %aid, the hon. member for Beverly had made
out a triumphant ease for immediate inquiry. He had shewn that the
revenue was 1010001. less than die expenditure, and that the ex-
penditure was eight times more than was necessary, and also that
the will of the Governor was the sole law maker. These facts we .e
not denied, and yet inquiry was refused. Before the Dutch CU!
uttered Ceylon, the Jesuits had converted most of the inhabitants to
Christianity. The Dutch on chatplethig their conquest commenced
a persecution against the Chrfstians, and sent an embassy to Siam to
have a college of priests of the idolatrous worship established in
Ceylon. There were now but 26 Catholic priests in Ceylon, but,
to their honour, they had refused` stipend. from the English govern-
ment, preferring to the on their Own i.u.psl means. The pubfii not
being acquainted with the adiantages ut Ceylon, was a powerful
reason for Immediate intpairy. •
Mr. RUME said, the crime submitted to the house cried aloud
for realm. . The speech of his honm.rable • Mend did him the
Man boom, and he trusted peed's@ the best Abet. A
Rees Asp could not eerhelpefore pettiness( Laid Bathurst
said, rva% ago, it was the duty of I:=aent Dot onsopre.
void any seesatulatton of debt, but to fee the extinction of
the existing debt: A dab* fund srus • than foamed for the k par-
iFbut like the debits Atria at hone, 1.1 was swallowed' up
L rlarcle bpi& iTitein•autexkl. this state tl
e.cgony kept, oui cokieles. irere kept,
