NAVAL INTELLJGGNCIL

Marts Alum= Tun Dar—Dubin, 1 ; Waterford, 1 ; Holland, 1 ;
France, 2; Jamaica, 1.
The Hood', Gray, from Demerara, has arrived at Bermuda, dis-
united, bound to Liverpool.
The Patriot, Miles, from Oporto to Dublin, was carried into War-
ren Point 6th inst. rather leaky, and with loss of an anchor and cable,
having been on shore.

The Adeline, Bunker, from Liverpool to New Orleans, was driven
on shore at Drogbeda, and it was feared would be wrecked.
The Union, Ellison ; and the Fanny, from Dublin to Widtehaven,
were also driven on shore near Drogheda, but e►pected to be got oIL
The Herefordshire, from Liverpool to London, was driven on shore
6th inst. near Toughal.
The Hawk, Evans, and Brothers and Sisters, Brown, were driven
on shore at Milford 6th inst.
Drat, Dec. B.—Wind S.W. moderate.
Poammonvm, Dec. 2.—Wind S.S.E.
nr.ssoutn, Dec. IL—Wind S. to S.E. moderate.—Arrived the
Princess Elisabeth packet, from Carthagena--sailed the sth October,
Jamaica the 16th, and Crooked Island the YUt. Also, the Spey
packet, from the Leeward islands--sailed from St. Thomas's Sth ult.
The Calypso packet passed Antigua 20th October.
Coax, Dac. 7.—Arrived the Jane, Grimble, from Brasil ; Intrepid,
Morrison, from Jamaica ; and United Brothers, Fox, Irons Messina.
LIVIPSOOL, Dac. B.—Arrived the Surprise, from Mesains.

ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE MR. THOMAS, THE BU-
PERINTENDANT OF THE NEW POLICE.
A most diabolical attempt was made to take the life of Mr. Thomas,
the Superintendent of the New Pollee, about twelve o'clock last night.
It is the practice of Mr. Thomas, nightly, to inspect the division, to see
that the men are on their duty. Between eleven and twelve o'clock,
he proceeded along the Strand, and up the Intended new road to
St. Martin's-lane. On his arriving about the middle of the
ruins he was accosted by a fellow in the dress of a waterman,
who looked steadfastly at him, sad immediately struck him on the
head with some heavy weapon, which he bad concealed, by width his
hat was cut and bent over his eyes. A second blow felled him to the
ground, and a third rendered him so far senseless that he was only able
to exe, 0 Oh don't."
The ruigan then inflicted farther injury on his person, and eventually
left his victim under the conviction that he had effected his diabolical
purpose, from what was subsequently discovered. Mr. Thomas, on re-
viving, with difficulty reached the station-house in Covent-Garden, where
he became so weak thatusistance was called in. It was found that his coat,
2 waistcoats, one of them of a very strong texture, and double folded,bis
Simla jacket and girt bed hem cut through, and the flesh perforated
near the apex of the heart. Mr. Thomas rise no idea as to the identity
of the ruffian, and ascribes the preservation of his life to the folds of the
waistcoat, and the hurry in which the ruffian was to escape, conceiving
he had dispatched him.

The nephew of Mr. J. C. Hobbouse, M. P. for Westmin-
ster, has been rusticating in the Isle of Wight, a few weeks
at Freshwater hotel, and was at Rya hotel lest Saturday
night, weary of a long walk, when some officers from New-
port went there and took him, handcuffed him, and
brought
him to Newport, where be, his letters, and journal,l
be has kept for some time past, were examined at the Town
hall, he was then liberated. Mr. H, who was in his walk-
ing-drees,with dirty shoes and ens of them torn, declares he
will proceed against what be calls the over-officious parties.
—Brighton Guardian.

THE ARMY.

The 87th regiment removed from Longroom Barrack to Devonport
on Monday ; and the depot of the 08th from Devonport to the Ci-
tadel on the same day.
Colonel Worsley, Royal Artillery, now commands the garrison of
Limerick.

Lieut.-Colonel E. Napier is appointed Assistant Adjutant-Oeneral in
tile Athlone district, vice Lieut.-Colonel Rolt.

•
Lieut. Kingsbury, 3d Buffs, is appointed to command the Limerick
Recruiting district, vice Lieut. Stewart, 68th, whose period of service
has expited.

Staff Surgeon Colclough is appointed to the Recruiting district, Dub-
lin, vice Lindsay.
The following changes have taken place on the Staff of the Irish
Medical Department:—Assistant Surgeons D. Pitcairn, R. Primrose,
and Gregor M'Oregor, to the Cork district.
Lieut. Henry, of the bOth Regiment, in Limerick, is appointed Aid-
de-Camp to his Excellency the Marquis of Anglesey, is_
Lieutenant
of Ireland.

His Majesty's steam vessel Carron, Lieut. Lapidge, arrived at Ply.
mouth on Wednesday, in eight days from Gibraltar with despatches
from Gen. Don. The Carron took out orders for the immediatereturn
of the 43d regt. to England, and it is eipected the soldiers would come
home in the Windsor Castle and Gloucester line of battle ships, whose
arrival at the Rock, ou their way to England, was hourly anticipated.
The Canon is ordered to be fitted with guns—four long 18. pounders,
and two 18. pound carronades, on Commander Marian's principle.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Mc.. 9.
SCOTCH APPZLL.

The LORD CHANCELLOR delivered' most able judgment in a
Scotch Appeal. By the law of Scotland, a tenant in arrears for rent
cannot sell his grain unless it be sold in bulk in open market. Some
corn had been sold in open market by sample, and the Court of Scot-
land decided that it was not a sale by bulk, and consequently the pro•
perty of the landlord.

The LORD CHANCELLOR affirmed the judgment of the Couri
in Scotland, but without costa.

PETIT ioxs.
The Earl of ROSEBERRV presented a petition from Great Tar.
mouth, against negro slavery.

Lord TEYNHA 31 presented a petition from a parish in the county
of Mayo, for the more equal distribution of the annual grants for edu.
cation.--Also a petition from the merchants of Middlesex and Surrey,
praying for parliamentary authority for the cultivation of waste lands.
The Earl of WINGHILSEA presented a petition from Kent, com.
plaining of agricultural distress, and praying for Parliamentary reform.
Lord AUCKLAND moved the second rcading of the Consolidated
Fund Surplus Bill, which was accordingly read the second time.
