FREEMASONRY.

•
In a country like England, where the loyalty of the
Freemasons is proverbial, it may excite some surprise
that they should ever become objects of suspicion to
any Sovereign, yet such appears to be the case from
a circular issued by the Emperor of Russia. His Im-
perial Majesty has not only abolished Freemasonry in
his own dominions, but he excludes from his service
all Freemasons abroad, as well as at home, whether
they be Russian subjects or not: as will be seen by the
following circular:

Russian Consulate, London, August, 1823.
The Imperial Russian Government has lately or-
dered, that every one serving the Government of his
Imperial Majesty, whether a native or a foreigner,
residing either in Russia or abroad, and wishing to
remain in his Majesty's service, is to sign one of the
two hereafter following declarations, Nos. 1 and 2, as
the circumstances of the case may be applicable to
each individual.

As you hold the official situation of Russian Vice-
Consul in the port of -, I hasten, in conformity
to the instructions received, to transmit you herewith
the declarations above alluded to, requesting that, if
it meet your views to retain the appointment you now
hold, you will be pleased to return to me one of the
said declarations, signed and sealed by your own
hand-writing and seal.
Should you, however, object signing either of the
declarations in question, you will please to return
them to me by return of post, together with your
diploma, official seal, and all other documents be-
longing to your Vice:Consulate; and in that case you
will of course not consider yourself any longer in the
service of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor, my
august mister. I remain, Sir, &c.

A. DE DUBATCHEFSKY.
DECLARATION, No. I.
I, the undersigned, declare herewith, that I belong to the
Freemasons' Lodge, called held at
but in consequence of his Imperial Majesty's supreme order, I
hereby renounce belonging henceforward to the said Freema-
sons' Lodge, or to have any communication with it ; and bind
myself neither to belong to nor communicate with any other se-
cret societies whatever, that may be held either in the empire of
Russia, or any other country whatsoever.
Given under my hand and seal at
August, 1823.

this day of

DECLARATION, No. 11.
I, the undersigned, declare herewith, that I do not belong to
any Freemasons' Lodge, or any other secret society whatsoever,
held either in the empire of Russia, or in any other country
whatsoever ; and I herewith bind myself not to belong in future
to any secret societies of whatever nature they may be.
Given under my hand and seal, at this day of
August, 1823.

Within the memory of man there have not been so
many fires caused by lightning in Poland, as in the
course of this summer. Nearly forty persons, of
various ages, have been killed or wounded, or lost
their hearing. Great swarms of locusts have appeared
in the environs of Tagauroz. During the summer
the wolves have collected in droves in several dis-
tricts ; they not only prowl about the sheep-folds, but
even approach the dwelling-houses.—(;erman Paper.
Al. JounoAst, an Advocate and Doctor of Law,
is about to repair to England, for the second time, in
order to enter into fresh inquiries with respect to the
judicial institutions of that country. It appears that
the Minister of the Interior has patronised the labours
of this jurist, by giving him recommendatory letters to
the French Ambassador in London. —Moniteur.
THE SHEERNESS DOCK.—The new works at Sheer-
ness, which were opened with so much eclat on Fri-
day last, are, it is said, constructed entirely upon a
quicksand, nearly forty feet deep, and reflect the
greatest credit upon the engineer's skill and judgment.
In consequence of the bad foundation, the ealls form-
ing the river's front are composed of hollow masses,
standing upon inverted arches, and numerous piles,
from twenty-five to thirty feet long. These, by hav-
ing an extended base, are infinitely stronger. This
mode of building was employed by the late Mr.
Rennie, with equal success, under similar circum-
stances, upon some of his extensive works near Hull.

Friday evening a fire broke out in the house occu-
pied by Sir Edw. Kynaston, at Broadstairs, which at
first threatened destruction to the whole premises—
but by the timely assistance rendered by the inhabit.
ants and fishermen, it was very soon got under.
Amongst the most active were the Rev. E. Sutton,
Mr. Hale, of the Library, and others, to whom the
greatest praise is due; and by their exertions it was
confined to the room of one of the Misses Kynaston.
The whole of the furniture, together with several
valuable dresses, was consumed.

The newspapers have been giving the Noble Vis-
count &mount an apoplectic fit, and heaven knows
what else of bodily infirmity. As the country cannot
afford to lose the man who chastised the Barbarians
and put an end to Christian slavery, it will be pleased
to hear that the Noble Admiral was in Exeter on
Thursday last; that he walked with his usual acti•
vity and spirits, and declared to his friends that he
has had no such seizure, and was never better in his
fife.—Western Luminary.
SINGULAR DEATH.—A person went into the shop
of Mr. Turner, a grocer, at 'flame, in Oxfordshire,
on business, about a week ago, and while talking, a
wasp flew into his mouth and stung his throat se
dreadfully that an inflammation ensued, which pre-
vented respiration, and caused the man's death.
On the 21st ult. a decree was issued by the King of
the Netherlands, abolishing the Roman Catholic So-
ciety, the chief seat of which is Utrecht, and the
Catholic Society of Belgium, whose chief seat is
Brussels, because those Societies had been formed in
the kingdom without the knowledge and consent of
the Government, and. because they had shown them-
selves, by divers circumstances which were peculiar
to them, as institutions, the further existence of which
would influence the public tranquillity in a manner
the extent of which could not be foreseen.
