THE GREEK SLAVES IN EGYPT.

We copy from the Alorriterir of Tuesday, with very
great satisfaction, the folio-wing article, *filch proses
the cordial understauding that subsists bevieen that
Government and our own:
" Our, troops octopi the fortresses of the M rea
a happy result,. which- hat not cost a drop • f
this general struggle we have seen t e Englih rival our
warriors inzesal—their ships have coocurred with those
of FrancrM the delivera, ce of the More. ; arid the flags.
of the three, Powers, parties to the Treaty of the 6th, of
'Joly, wave in unison over the walls t,r•the fortresses of
New Greece. •
u While such events viers being .4evelaped, ripe-
dition, entirely of humanity, is rxeCuting; without nape,
by order of the ICirg. whose generossCheart' avails it
with ardnur of every occasion to atiy teirs'aritt tout.'
!eve misfortune. _

"It is known that a great number of Greeks had been
seat into slavery in'tsept. His Maje.iy .ordeied his
Mins.ets frit Fiteign Alfatts And the Mime to send
two commisission. is to Egs pt, t i ii:psuciiase as mini
of these si.ores as Ito pine, and to restore 'them to free
dons and their c unity.
" This mis-ion wits confided 10 M. de St. Lager,
Aide-de Crimp to General Maison, and M. Grn., 4 di.
*plornatic agent, known by the set vices he rendered at
Lisbon. '

00 The following is part of the coftrepondence of thOse
commissioners :
"We Wave learnt by M. Drovetti. Consul-General of
France in Egypt, that the easiest past ot our tail: -sar is
slrea.:y•perlormed, and that Admiral Colkiligasn'll4s.
ing been sent hese in theirlame of the ToroPowers, bad
signed a treaty on the LOth Aug. by which Mah:anned
Ali binds himself to make his son Ibratorn evacuate the
Motet, and enge,;es 1113 restate the .unsold Greek :lath.,
as his disposal.
"The number of Greeks, ot .that description mil
amounted to 180 men, who were ptaced immediately
by the racha in the bands of Admiral Codrington, oho
skipped them off to the Mutes, under convoy. t•I • the
French twig Mac: ty. .
" As to the sla,es sold to individuals, and dispersed
'throughout Egypt, the Path.* his pledged himself by
use same treaty, to use his good offices to assist the Eu-
ropean Consuls in liberating them; except, however,
those who have embraced the Mahometsn religion.
0.4 This last clause renders our mission very difbcolt.
We hope,'however, to be iOrttitrate•en,,ugh to redeem,
notwithstanding tht treaty; the children, tvhom thehttp-
lessness of infanc, and harsh.t.reetnient
&.
change their religion. • •
00 We intend going to Cairo, to bring back with us as
*goy Greek,slaves as we shall be able to ranionts asp
they are very numerous in that city. M. Drovetti has
asked for and obtained the Gres k convent and hospital
et Alexandria, to be used as our depot, until the IPrer-
ated slaves may be embarked. Residing under the same
roof, we shall be able to cause proper case to be taken
of the sick; and watch over the rest more carefully; and
AS soon as a sufficient number shall have been colitited•
We shall embark them on board a ship engaged for chit'
purpose alone. It is impossible to form an idea of the
mate to which some of those un‘ortunate men are re,
duced. You must see ahem to conceive the whole ex-
'Apt of their tr.tOry. We have observed some i f them
aterviag to welt a degree, that they disputed • with clits
is Abe Wart the otal thrown into the mud. •
" We have used aver; means in our power to discover
the Gook slaves in Alexandria, and those whom it
would be possible to leased. The information which
we have collected proves that rick number is greater
than we had originally imagined. We shall negle:t
• step to 'Own as ninny es possible, ai.d we-hype
*at oae of us (M. de St. Leg's) will be able to tate
-44/0 with him to the Alma before the end of October.
44 Whilst witnessing so much wretchedness, it wii!ild
be a barbarous heart that would not feel the deepest
Oscura and the strongest wish to relieve so many .un-
happy indieauals from a state of the hardest slavery.
We shall therefore use every means to execute, in the
,most complete manner we can, the generous intentions
of his Majesty. It vms warthrof a descendant ot St.
Weis to stead brand ransom unfortunate Christitncrer
that TM, conatty where, slime ages ago, his socestot
pas vasynearlesishing, a victim to his humility 04d
his seal for religion."
