TEE XIII POLICE.

Sir R. WILSON, in presenting a petition respecting the new police,
expressed his approbation of the good order and excellent conduct of
that corps ; and ridiculed the idea of the petitioners that our liberties
could ever be endangered by this force. What could 6,000 or 7,000
policemen do against 1,200,000 inhabitants? He thought the home se-
cretary entitled to the gratitude of the country for this establishment.
Sirß. PEELsaid had he continued in office he should have moved for
a Committee to inquire into the expense of the police, the mode of ap-
pointment, &c. for the purpose of ascertaining whether there could be
any alleviation on these points; Dot from any change of opinion in his
mind as to the value of this force. He felt assured that inquiry would
.tdound to the merit of this force. He should support such inquiry, if
ft were proposed ; but with the conviction that the value of the force
would be still more satisfactorily shown. He, however, was anxious
that misunderstanding should be removed—that inquiry should take
place—and that as local superintendence was taken away, it became
that House to be more vigilant. The expense was spoken of; it cer-
tainly might be a question, whethet part of the expense ought not to be
borne by the public ? That would be fit subject for inquiry. As to the
efficience of the force, it bad been proved in a remarkable degree, fi.r
since they were formed there had been many numerous assemblages, par-
tieularly by die accession of his Majesty, the various reviews, and other
proceedings, which had collected large bodies of people ; and their
efficiency had been invariably proved in an eminent degree. Had
there not been this force, there must have been troops employed; and
if that course were punned, there would be an increase of army esti.
mates and military expenses. With respect to the unconstitutional
character of the force, if the expense was reduced, he expected the
" constitutional" objections would be very materially diminished (a
laugh) ; but as to the expense, the complaints on that head were ex.
traragant and could not be true. As to the allegation of some, that
2s. 6d. in the pound wee levied, he would thus publicly and generally
tell the overseers, and all interested in the matter, that there was no
power to levy more than Bd. in the pound on the county rates, there-
fore if more were levied, the parish authorities acted illegally. As to
another complaint that the parishes had not requisite controul, he hesi-
tated not to say, that if they had sueh controul, it would very mate.
daily affect the efficiency of the force. He should never consent to
any change of that kind, but he was ready to promote the amplest in-
quiry.
Mr. WILKES agreed with the Hon. Secretary that the extra expense
was the main cause of the unpopularity of the new polio; and he was
satisfied with the expression of concurrence on the part of the Hon. fie-
cretary, to bring the matter under the consideration of • Committee.
He (Mr. Wilkes) would suggest the propriety of returns from all the
parishes being called for, that the real statement of the expense might
be ascertained before the house entered into Inquiry on the question.
Sir R. PEEL observed, that he would fully concur in that sugges.
don, but he must repeat, that as far u regarded the objection of the
removal of the power from the hands of the local authorities, that the
system of the police could not exist if its present mode of appointment
and arrangement were disturbed.
Mr. HUME was perfectly satisfied with the dalmatian and expla-
nation of the Hon. Secretary. The lion. 31ember did not approve of
the objections that bad been urged as to the Police being of an moon-
stitutional character • for the same objection might apply to the stand-
ing army ; but the increase of expense was certainly in some instances
very great. In the parish of Ealing It was stated that the expense,
which, under the old system, was not exceeding 801, was now, under
the new system, 0001 per annum. In the parish of Hackney, there
was one farmer whose increase of rates on that account amounted to 601
a year. The Hon. Member was of opinion, that the only measure
would be the appointment of a Committee to do away with the core.
pbints. When the original Bill was first proposed last Session, he had
given notice of a motion to call for returns from every parish, of
their" expenditure for six months previous to the establishment of
the New Police, and returns for six months after their establishment ;
but, on the following day, at the desire of the Hon. Secretary, the
ceder was discharged. The Hon. Member considered, that had these
returns been permitted, a great part of the present complaints would
net have existed.

Colonel SI BTHORPR considered that the rates were very high ;
and, as a proof of the inefficiency of the polices it had been admitted the
other day, thst they were not sufficient to afford protection to his Ma.
jestv's suite. The hon. Colonel protested against the rapense of the
establishment.

Mr. BYNO said, that to render the corps efficient, it oust be In-
creased at least three-fold ; but if it were possible to confine the rate to
6d. per pound, he thought that three would be no complaints against
the estabffithment.

MT. SIABERLY thought the hen. secretary was entitled to the
thanks of the metropolis for the introduction of the establishment. The
jurisdiction being in the hands or the locals, was chitfly defective on ac.
count of the difficulty of finding local authorities who would attend to
the duties of their offices; and he hoped that the house would pause be-
fore they lent themselves to an alteration of the present bill.
Mr. WYSE remarked, that the constabulary force of Ireland was
defrayed by the Grand Juries of each county ; and if the hon. secretary
meant to admit the principle of local taxation, it ought to be made ge-
neral throughout the country. It was desirable. however, that a force
so constituted should be closely watched ; for the pollee of Ireland,
from being first a constabulary force, had now very much changed its
character.

Sir R. PEEL replied that the expense of the constabulary force in
Ireland was not defrayed entirely by the Grand Juries, but that three.
fourths of the sum were defrayed out of the consolidated fund. In
reply to the allusion respecting the returns that had been moved for by
the lion. member for Middlesex, he had to observe that, by the act, he
the (hon. secretary) had made it the law that every year, 30 days after
parliament met, a return of the expense attending the police establish.
meet should be laid before the house.

Mr. WAR BURTON said, that in the committee it would be proper
to show the efficiency of the police, by laying a return of all the pro.
petty that had been recovered through their means • he understood that
there bad been much valuable property thus recovered in some of the
central parishes.
Mr. PORTMAN deprecated the proposition of taxing the country
for the expense of the metropolitan police, but he thought that the
honourable secretary was entitled to thanks for introducing the system
of police.
Several other hon. members made short observations on the question,
and the petition, which was from St. John's, Southwark, was presented,
praying for relief from the new polio act. Laid on the table, and or.
praying for relief from the niw po&e act. Laid on the table, and or.
deved to be printed.

SAKE 'LAWS.

The Marquis of CHANDOS moved for leave to bring in a bill for
the amendment of the Game Laws. Be stated that the bill was the
same he had introduced on the previous session.
After a few remarks from some hon. members, the house resolved
itself into a committee, and the bill was read a first time, and ordered to
be read a second time on the 30th of the month.

The SOLICITOR-GENERAL moved for leave to bring in a bill
for amending the law relating to the attestation of deeds by which
powers arc executed.
A number of petitions for the abolition of negro slavery were pre-
sented, chiefly from dissenting congregations.
Mr. GOBROUSE:withdrew his motion for enquiry into the state of
tlx foreign relations of the country, on account of the present state of
his Majesty's administration.
Mr. LittiON presented a petition film the city of Worcester against
the introduction of the track system, by the Overseas. Laid on the
table.

Mr. O'BRIEN gave hake of a motion to enable the parishes of
Ireland to provide for their own poor.
The house adjourned at he minutes to six o'clock.

LAW REPORTS.

CO(RT OF CHANCERY, Nov. 18.

The LORD CHANCELLOR remained in his private room this morn-
ing lot a few hours, but we have been unable to ascertain the nature of
the business he was engaged in. His Lordship will sit again in his pri-
vate room tn-morrow morning, to hear the further arguments of Counsel
on the part-heard appeal of " Newdigate v. Newdigate."
It is generally supposed by the Bar to be his Lordship's intention to
give judgment in all thaw causes which have been argued before him,,
should the parties desire it. No public intimation of such intention
has, however, av yet been given.
COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Nov. 18.
MIZELLI V. WILLIAMS AND crrirEns.
In this case the plaintiff, • gentleman who kept cash with the de-
fendants (well. known bankers) brought his action against them for tort.
in refusing to honour his draft for 871. they having cash in their hands
at the time to more than the amount of the draft.

The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff:
The ATTOZSZT.GESLIAL moved to set aside the verdict, on the
ground that the declaration was not applicable to the ease. It was con-
tended that the form of action should have been for breach of contract.
Lord TESTZIDEN held that the objection was not well founded.—
His Lordship was of opinion that the action for tort, or wrong, was
analogous to breach of contract, and that the verdict was right. If a
banker contracted to pay a draft when he had money in his bands, and
did not pay it, he broke his contract. The verdict, under all the cir-
cumstances, could not be disturbed.
The other Judges were of the same opinion, and the conditional rule
obtained by the Attorney-General was discharged.

JUDGMENT.

George Stewart, Henry Hutchinson, and John Harris, were brought
up this morning for judgment, they having been found guilty of ob-
structing and assaulting a King's officer in the execution of his duty ;
and also for being concerned In smuggling transactions. The two tor.
mer were sentenced to nine months, and the latter to six months' Impri-
sonment in Morpeth House of Correction.

BASIRTT V. GARDINER.

The ATTORNEY.GESERAL moved for iiittie to show cause why a
criminal information should not be filed against a medical gentleman,
named Gardiner, residing at Marlborough, for sending a letter to Mr.
Baskett, with intent to provoke him to fight a duel. The facts of the
case were shortly as follows s—Mr. Gardiner is the parish surgeon, and
up u one occasion was sent for to attend the wife of a poor parishioner,
Who was suddenly taken il. He. however, did not go, and another
medical man was sent for. The husband subsequently applied to the
parish for the expenees, when it was agreed to pay half, provided Mr.
Gardiner paid the other half. A vestry was then held, for the purpose
of considering the propriety of removing Mr. Gardiner from his office,
on the ground of Inattention to his duties. Upon :this occasion certain
words were attributed by Gardiner to Baskett, which, however, the
latter denied; but, notwithstanding this denial, the letter in question
was sent by Gardiner to Baskett. The letter was as follows:
" Sir—l've been told that you have asked the opinion of a friend to
clear yourself from epithets which I had used towards you, and am
astonished at the advice which be gave you, not to notice them; but I
suppose that this arises from the manner in which you represented the
matter to him. That is no epithet which I then used that I do not
now repeat. You are poor in principle—poor in spirit, and poor in
everything. I remain, &c.
Rule granted.
