THE ItVENING STAR.

LONDON. •
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1816.
!MICE OF macs THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK:
Redacts, 611—C.M. sao. 614 6S—Coes. for au. 414.
p.r Cam 77H-1 per Cam Navy NH •
Zadampaw 8111 a, seam pc-41W' Sauk Us. Jp.pre.
_ A *swpws,gle Broker yesterday bulk £l6OOO wards of
Oa ad. Eathiskaw NW, u Sa. premium.

This morning we received due. Paris Papers of.,
Sunday and Monday last, being all that ars due.
We have made copious extracts from them : in both
Houses a Committee of Ministers gave in their Re.
port on the State of the Sinking Fund, which the
French financiers seem detesmined shall remain un-
touched. Its operations commenced in 1749, at it
continued a most efficient financial measure,• accord-
ing to the account now before us, until 110bIATAITI
assumed the supreme power, when it was seised upon
to answer his extraordinary expenditure. Since the
restoration of the lEuto, this measdte is described as
having resumed its wonted whotesome and invigo-
rating influence on the French fends.
An ineffectual attempt was magic in the Chamber
of Peers on Saturday, to obtain an Address to tbit
XING, praying for an inquiry into the conduct, ge
terally, of the Ministers, in the late elections.' MO
name of the Member who made this motion is pot
given in any of the journals : it was probably M.
DK. CHATILAUDRIAND, who, we believe, had •plidged
himself to a similar motion previous to the' melting
of the Chambers. - •
The private letters from Paris, one of which we
have given, as being the most interesting, mention'
the entire dismissal of TAI4.ST9AND front Court. He
was in a kind of demi-disgrace before, and 'yet he
contrived to officiate on all public occasions as Grand
Chamberlain--ab office whichplaced ham behind the
• .a Na's chair. His presence would have beefraladly
...,-,,prabt,cl with at any time, we presume, -and now •

~..

" 7. - - -

be has received an official intimation net to appellee'
the Ksno. He witprobebly now retire for the re.
maindet of his dap to his Splendid seat of Va
lenSay
'He is too nid new; we apprehends and pethaps elm
too much. deeptsaiVm enable hint to rally round him
any considerate party of mal.contents.
CHAMBER OF:PEIRS•
SITTING OF THE 2Sp oo IROVESHIEE.
The Chamber opened at two o'clock.—Tbe Doke
of Rohan was admitted, and took the accustomed
oath.
The annual account of the Commission of Surveil.
lance of the Sinking Fund was given by M. Ville.
tansy. Peer of France. After the report, another
of the Commissioners, M. Pardemus, proceeded to
the reading of his part of the report.
The Chamber ordered the accounts given by the
Commission of Surveillance of the Sinking Fund to
be printed.
Count Cane!aux paid a just tribute of praise and
regret to the memory of Count Espinasse, one of the
members of the Chambers, who died in thobeginning
of last- week: The Chamber ordered his discourse
to be printed.
•
The Chamber took into considemtion the proposi-
tion of a Member for the formation of a Provisional
Bureau.
A Member made a proposal of presenting an Ad.
dress to the King, to entreat his Majesty to cause an
examination to be made of the circumstances which
passed at the last elections, in order to ordain imme-
diately according as justice demanded.
The Chamber did not think it proper to attend to
this ptoposition.—Adjourned to Tuesday next.
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
SITTING OF TIM 23D OF NOVEMBER.
M. PAIIIIIIZR, PrellidNlG

Te Chamber opened at half.past twelve.—The
names of several Petitioners were read.—Referred to
the Committee of Petitions. _ _

The PRESIDSNT then informed the House, that the
Directors and Adminiitrators of the Sinking Fund
demanded to present to the Chamber the details of
their labours since their installation.
Count VILLIMANIM one of the Administrators, as•
cenaed the Tribune. He began by making an histo-
rical detail of the sinking fund since the year 1749,
an epoch at which a virtueus Minister caused a sinking
fund to be created, the original rhoughtof which was
doubtless good, but in whose organization it had not
been thought of to call the future to the assistance of
the present time, to assure the independence of the
establishment, and to guarantee its inviolablity in ouch
a manner that the Sovereign would find it impossible
to render it illusory. This fund received new attri-
butions under the reign of an unfortunate Monarch,
who began by abolishing slavery and the torture, and
who every day meditated upon new measures for the
glory sad prosperity of France. The centralization
of the power of the 18th Brumaire appeared favours.
ble.to this fund; but it soon became evident that
every thing conspired against this essential point. It
was given to believe that considerable sums were in
the chest—but it was not also made public that
they were taken out as soon as put in, at the will
and caprice, and for the interest of tyranny':—,
The Reporter here drew a line between the difference
of this fund, such arwhen first created, and such es
it was established by the law of the 28th of last April.
He afterwards proposed different methods of ame-
lioration, and concluded thus Nothing is useful
which is not honourable. The fortune of the State
is composed of the fortunes of individuals : the sink.
ing of the public debt should be the sole object of this
lund ; and it should never be left to be employed at
the impulsion of the Ministers of Finance, of whom
it ought ever to be independent. In fine, this fond
is established more in the interest of the creditors of
the State than in that of the Royal Treasure." The
Count Villemanzy concluded his report in presenting
, the results of the operations of this fund during his
.
Institution in office.
M. Prsr, another of the administrators to the fund,
succeeded to the tribune, and mad the second part of
the report, which consisted chiefly in an account of
depots and consignations, and the project of the esta-
blishment of a separate fund.
The reading of the second part of the report being
*dished, the Midister of the Interior was introduced,
accompanied b 7 Messrs. FAVRE and 811111011 Coast.
eiders of State.

The Minister asaeaded thstribane and spoke as fol.
lows .-46 Gentlemen, the law which we have come to
present to you by the King's order, regulates the
competence of the Chamber of Peers, and its form of
proceeding in Judiciary Court. It is nearly .a literal
copy of. the resolution adopted by the Chamber of
Peers in the SessiOn4 -1815, and presented before the
Chamber of DePtatiei. It would be superfluous hire
.to explain the motives of this law, which are suffi-
ciently developed in the report of the Commissioa to
the Chamber of Peers, and in the different opinions
of the Membeii. We shall therefore confine, our
selves to laying before you the tut of the project of
the law which we bare the honour to present to you.
“ Louts, &e. . ,

GI We are informed AIM is dm last &mien $ Ileseistios moo
taken by the Chamber of Peers to petition for the prepaid's of
a law tending to decennia, the emnpetence of the said Chamber.
' and its mode of procedure as a Court of. !swim The het
Chamber of Depatiei to whom this wa. addressed, out baste
had time for itidismossloo before their dissoledos, anew Chew
bar cannot occupy itself upon that which was not origusally pee.,
seatedbefore chats ,It the resew Chambers desire it law epos
sobjest, k wiM be seeenery ibee We *sire be orb beleiabS
• . „ie. t bcl • •-1

ferererd, sod reach as sleeves* to moteltudond forms. With-
log 011 this retard to Prima *Ws prejudicial to the public in-
terest, which demise the speedy organisation of the Chamber '
of Pests, we havem&em mom werablves to proiebt theivulu:
den el the Oisallser itif Peers id the sth' of March' last. Wt
have (Good that this Resolution, the fruit of loot labour an
deep consideredon, is conformable to the spirit and the test of
the Constindlonal Chatter, coasolidated with the rights ammo:
to all Freasismen, and with the particular regard which the ge-
, sersi imam essitataads with raped t• certain ranks and digni-
ties. We have in coesetioenee deter (bed to moven this nab
Woo et the Chamber of Peers late a Project of Law, and to
cause the some to be pretested in our acme hefoie the Chamber
of Derides."
[Here follow 20 Arlie* respect* the solos of the Chamber
el Peen in taking the form of a Court of Janos; the wild of
Princes of the Abed, Marshals, Peers, Foreign filetkaseaders,
Minister% &e. jut. will be vested la the Chamber of Peers, with
the full power of punishment, *.c. as a Court of leftist; bet its.
dile is proposed to be that of a Coen at Peen."]
This project of a law foe establishing the compe:
tenewof the Chamber of Peers to set as a Judiciary
Court, was accordingly received by the Chamber of
Deputies.
_ordered to be printed, and kid at the
Bureeuf, where it will undergo the discussion of the
House.

The Reporter of the Committee of Petitions pre-
sented a long list of petitioners; whose several cases
he gave in brief after the name, and propcised that
they should be referred to the several departments of
office which they concerned : among other petitioners
we *Nerved the creditors of Lord Barrington, who
died at Valenciennes, leaving behind some Dosatisfied
creditors, who now petition the Chamber fos the in-

iervention of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, to pro-
pose their just claims to the English Minister in order
that the debts due to them may be paid by the heirs
or friends of the deceased Lord Barrington. The
Reporter, on animadverting on this case, declared it
his opinion that it would never be in vain an appeal
to the loyalty of the English Nation and Government,
especially as the foundation of their debts was folly
attested and confirmed.
This Petition was refaced to the Minister for
Foreign Affairs.
After the Reporter of the Petitions had finished
the reading of the list of Petitioners, M. Angier and
M. Dupleis de Mesy, were admitted, and took the
usual oaths.

The PRIMMEST then informed the House, that they
were about to name Commissioners from each Bu.

rem, to form a commission charged to make the re-
port on the Budget. The Chamber, he said, had
not decided the numbOr :—Bhoold there be named
one or two for each Bureau ?
The Chamber decided that two Commissioners
should be named from each Bureau to present the
Report of the discussion of the Budget.
The Chamber then decided, on the proposition of
the President, that the Burman should assemble on
Moolty, at one o'clock, for the nomination of these
Commissioners.
Tile House separated at hslfpast two.
PAM, NOVEMBER as.
•

Yesterday after Mass the King gave a private au-
dience to Mr. Canning s he was presented by Sir
Charles Stewart, the British Ambassador. Mr. Can-
ning will set out on bis return to England to-morrow.

the Duke of Cambridge arrived at Statgard on
the 18th inst. His Royal Highness alighted at the
Pahce of the-Queen Dowager, his sister.
Letters from Lugano, in Italy,. inform us that the
Princess of Wales, who is at her country seat on the
Lago di Como with a brilliant suite, has announced
that site intends to pass the winter there. Several
Englishmen who are travelling in Italy have visited
the Princess, to present their homage. All the
Foreigners who present themselves are very well
received.

Cardinal Salim° died at Rome on the 3d Nov.

The Journal 4. OrsaaWe, of the 19th, has the fol-
lowing article:—" The Emperor of Morocco has
written to the King, to offer to take off the prohibi-I
don laid on by him against the exportation of Corn,
`and to permit to be shipped for Marseilles the whole
quantity which shall be necessary to complete ahon-
r dandy the stock of provisions in France.. The King'
has answered the Emperor by a letter in.his own
hand-writing, thanking him for the offer. This fact'
has been communicated to ns by a perusal of this
city worthy of credit."

A letter inserted in the Await elk High Garonne,
of the 19th November, announces that the Govern-
ment has purchased iu other countries grain of all
kinds, which will speedily asilve.
Abbe Vinson having resisted the execution of the
arret given against him by the Cour Ro} ale, has
been again summoned, at the request of the Procureur
General. The definitive sentence will be pronounced
on the 2sth.

The Milan courier, with five travellers, perished
lately, from the inclemency of the weather, between.
Lindell and Funach. • '
The Officers of the Legion of the North, which
came into Paris on Saturday last, were presented to
the King by General Leipinois, commanding the
First Military Divisioa:
1 The legions of the Nord and la Vendee arrived in

Paris on Saturday.
We learn from Rochelle that on the night of the
12th instant, several ♦essels, laden with wood, &c.

to Bourdeaux, were driven on shore by the violence
of the winds, and eleven seamen unfortunately perish-
ed. The whole, of the cargo is stated to have been

Cambasegs is linked at &wake aft* I

- 1
having i

- --......11.11111

na.ie s journey of some Meths throng
The process of contumacy against Genet
ilia. been referred to the second Council of
first division:

. We he sr. but cannot vouch I r is
that Count Dillon (the favourite vit t•P 1
Wurtentberg, who lilt hint a hands.?
Grand Master of the Establishment of
Dowager, Matilda of Wurtemb as
a duel, by an Officer who had obtain d,
interest, a place at the palace of Asp
Dillesi is an Itishman by birth.
The gallery of the Chamber of Peer
be lighted up with gas.

A fire broke out on Friday at the hal
Royal Guard in the Rue Piiissoniere,
exertions of the soldiers, WAS soon mini
Count Letpinatte, Member of the
Peen, who died In the course of las
interred on Friday In the cemetery of

By various accounts received from fisl
most of the ports of Trance and Englat
that the violence of the winds has bri
occasion the loss of numerous vessels and
A vessel which arrived at Marseil
loupe, with the yellow fever on board,
grand quarantine at the Isle of Pom
the night of the 12th a violent storm a
four iron mooring.chains were broken,
driven about the gaff for a consitlerab
most .perilous condition ; but the riff
ssafely into port, where it was immedi.
by all the others, and measures taken ID)
Health both for its safety and the prt
infection.

BOURDEAUX, NOVEMBER

The giving up of Chateau Tromp-ti
tart' to the civil authorities, tack place
birth dxy; and next day the demolition

CALMS, NOVEMBER sr.

In the night between the 19th anti 2t;
fire broke out here, in the house of A pal
in less than half an hour the wh, le
flames. By the exertions of the firert
the damage was confined to the house
commenced.

ARRAS, NOVEMBER 22.

On, the 13th instant. the ship CI)
Cadiz. with a cargo for Hamburgh,
shore at Boulogne. The vessel went
the greater part of the cargo will he sa,
the crew suffered.

. The following trait does too much
malty to entitle us to pass it over in I
aeadarmes of the Brigade of Prevost
lag before the Mayors of their respecti
three women, who had followed the I
and who had been arrested at St. Pol.
at Berlin-le-Sec, one of the three wools
the paioe of
.child-birth : the Galli=
her into a cabaret ; but the landlord
ceive her, and even drove her away ail
This unfortunate female lay in at the
one of the Gendarmes, named Dubois,
infant in his saddle-cloth, placed the
horse, and thus conducted both to tl
Frevent, where she is still under the c
of this Gendarme. This trait is the inc
as the Gendarme Dubois has only hit
to subsist his family.

ROME, NOVEMBER 9.
The
,taste for political discussions
which treat on subjects connected witl
has become general. It is remarkable
try where the liberty of the press doe
higher classes of society, the clergy,
who are employed in the Government
tate the circulation of prohibited w.
thus to fill into a fault, which in Fran
saddest eftects: We may estimate at
,tero4 (copying clerks) who are occup
and causing to be circulated, extract
works, and which are relative to the

Every thiag connected with the rep
vernment is discussed with freedom in
We should form a very false idea of tl
of society, if we compared it with
rnerly : there is not a Poet who do
some political question in a Sonnet
not make some political axiom the
song. But what does great honour t
-meat, is, that several young Romans
at this moment through Europe, an
reports to Cardinal Gonsalvi, on the
people, and the ameliorations to he
the Roman States.

The consent of the Pope to a Nat
tation, will be the summit of all his
will prove that he also is anxious
Should 'enjoy the. benefits of intellig
lization.

Lord Dondas has arrived here, an'
graciously received by his Holiness.

Private letters from Spain inform t
CHoLIN, and twelve others, were undi
meat in the fortress of Pamplona, and
Cation of being brought out to the p
execution. It is said they are impl
tense revolution forming in Spain,
'respondence was intercepted, wnd par
,cations of the plot discovered. This
greatly to disturb King FISDIPIANDI
he perceives, he Is not so firmly seated
his sultlets, as his flatterers had led 1

.:

IEIIO OF THE I•odit.
s, Sobcriptifins for the relief of the tliittessnaln
ifitalfields and its vicinity; goes on with a seal,
ility„and liberality which will insure the accomplish.
wig of the objecT intended. We have great pleasure
itsisting, that hit Royal Highness the Panics Ra-
wr has given directions, that the sum of 45000 be
' in aid of this fund, at the rate of £lOOO per
out of the funds at the disposal of the
This is as it.ought to be, and will not fail
its effect on all who receive great incomes
the public revenue—especially such as possess
Liberality.on the part of these ictdividuah,
son of so much general distress, would not
be creditable to themselves, but highly prudent.
It must rejoice the hearts of all who feel for the
• of mankind, to witness the exertions of those
, stepped forward at the present moment to,
activity and efficiency to the cause of beam.
assurance is • thus obtained, that i due
given to the efforts of hismanity, and
rer this channel. for the distribution D
spare from their own necessities, to the
!died of dividing it themselves among
needy though more clamorous appli.
1g has tended more to steel the hearts
than the impositions which they have
,; fur to many it is a far smaller ba-
/WI a portion of their earnings, than
tine that would be required to verify
Iternents of the applicants for relief,
uence the idle and the worthless ofteo
that bounty intended to comfort Indus
'itorious, but. unfortunate individuals,
it of employment and sickness.

person examine his own heart, and he
winced that the detection of the impositions
lire alluded, has often operated to make
remiss in his efforts to feed the hungry and
ked. But from the risque of such a
'of bounty the public are secured by
that the Committee to which this fund
we devoted their time to a personal
the cases of the poor and needy, for
. donations are intended. There can
no misapplication of the bounty. The fittest ob-
will receive the first attention, and every thing
prudence, patience, and self devotion can devise
will be forthcoming to make any given
produce the gieatest sum of benefit.
We hinted ye.terday, that one very efficient way
• the lurid most beneficial would be the open-
s:lops for the sale of meat, bread, and prowl-
every decripti,m, at such a small profit as
maintain the expense of such establish-
We shall not repeat whit we then stated,
than to observe, that in this way distressed'
who retain that proper spirit of independence
stimulates to exertion and prevents their mak.

kg tbeis volts icnowo, would become partakers of
the benefit, without any diminption of the fund em-
plc:led for this purpose.
At this m snent there are many large and come-
lent shops and warehouses unoccupied, which were

is
of
le

fitted up for Bazaar speculations, which have not an-
eend, which could instantly be obtained on, we
easy terms. Could not these be appor•
at cheap rents, to such as might be willing
in efforts to supply the public with Bread.
Butter, Ham, Potatoes, &c. du. and
. Committee ensure success to the under-
by finding out the cheapest wholesale markets
deretailers to b,ty at
If Hr. Taurrsa could he induced to turn his at-
to this subject, we have no doubt, from what
ilready been able to effect, that he would
be able to concoct and perfect the ne-
igements, or be Ale to afford very useful
. to the Spitalfields, or any other Com-
labouring tor the benefit of the poor.
only remark farther at preient, that there
:et in particular well worthy of Charitable
.ie formation of Fish Estatiliahments
be sale of fish at low prices. At a village '2O
.London, fish is regulatly obtained and
the Billingsgate prices, to the great relief of
and at a very trifling expense.
4 Second Report of the Society for the Relief
th,Labouring and Manufacturing Poor, is dedi-
this interesting and national subject, and
by every friend to his country.

fIcSI

anti

.rday, at one o'clock, the Wurtemberg Mini.
bkla long audience of the QUEEN, at her Palace,
he was introduced by EDWARD DESBROW,
aef MAJLSTY'S Vice Chamberlain.
Mumma, the Hanoverian Minister, also in-
a Hanoverian Officer to her MAJESTY, who
roost graciously received.
/it three o'clock, the QUZES and Paracasszs left
Palace for Windsor, escorted by a party of Light
the brie of Yon was at the dinner parry on
4 Calton Howe, to meet the Quacw,
it44)ei ALOUSTA and Etteasicit, as were the
quis and Marchioness of CnotnioNois.ev,
re was a small evening party, among those pre-
' were, the Marquis and Marchioness of Wm.
Tit' The QUEEN and PRINCENSES went to Carl.
""sse in car. Ages and returned in chairs; just as
"rived at the Queen's Palacs, a numerous band
t'e Chfetnsas. Wakes happened to be present, who
'44ed them very loyally with " GOD save the
; a very good style.
e "111, CHANCELLOR leas purchased the inag_ni.
'mansion of the late Lord MONTGOASSAY in Ha.
?laves Piccadilly.

S '~ lf•

11411004110/1 Mrkteceleed ritladelphiii:Pappi of
ihjllet of October., Frio ibe Gazette of the 19th
wetestract the folliering..ficthile t •

66 Yitribilr FWVllR.llltilliAenCe is reivitif des
Apligtia, via Norfork, stating that the Yellow Fever
raged there with great violeacn, which had caused a
drendfuWortality among those aot• seasoned- t 6 the
climate. 'he contagion • was brought toAntigua
from Guadaloupe, where it is said to have swept of
one third of the inhabitants. Mr. BiCAUtIONT, the
Manager of the Theatre, and Mr& VAUGANT, ennui.
the Actresses, died of the Fever at Antigua."
It appears no account of the llattle of Algiers
had been received in America.

inned in aid of tl
fytnight, out of
Deem This is
p haft its effect
frem the public rl
ijaecures. Liber
le a season of so
II be creditable
It must rejoice
riseries of manki
,h .have stepped
ive activity and
, . An assure
tion will be j 3
y will prefer
t dotthey can sp.
to certain meths
Op less nee
ts, Nothing
the humane th
tea experienced
ate to part wit
p devote the time
be various state
in consequen
a away with th,
ions and merito
ed by want
Let every pen
, • be convinced
o which we have
:m more remiss
. the naked
d pplication' of
o , knowledge th
Mutated, have
l',vestigation of I
whose relief the d
no misapplicat
k IA will receive
prudence, p‘i
t execute, will I
int, produce
We hinted ye,
r make the fund
o tig of clops toT t
t. 'lts'oi every de
~.!tbately mss
t, )ts. We shAl
g her than to n
d • , dies, who reta

mild think, eat
ci d out At the
embark in cif
tat, Cheese. 13
gi Woof the Ce
go .Bg, by findit
u. *retailers t
he If iff. Tau cr
to this su
VA already
nt• himself be
he • arrangen
1.10 don to
labourin
zit %e shall only
on. Opt subject in
..ttees—th,
be sate of f
ate Irom -Lon
ti the Billit
of: Po, and at
Del Ti Second
ita Labourin
tedtu this in
ingd be lead
resa
ay, at
tod along g
into *46 he wa
'•arMAJEs
Lout MubisT
len;
4uted a Han
an. • host
gractu
At three (Alt
:ivi, Palace for N
