INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, JAN. 23.

Samuel Ely, a baker at (Mind, was opposed by Mr.
Ramsay, of whom he had purcha ed flour to the value
of 83/. The Insolvent, when commencing business,
had borrowed 2001. of his brother, promising to repay
him from the profits of his business, according as they
occurred. In October last, being sued for the sum of
601. he applied to his.brother for assistance, who re-
minded him that his former engagement remained un-
fulfilled, and finally obtained from him an assignment
of his book-debts to the amount of 1381. About a
month afterwards he sold his business, shop fixtures, lc:.
this raising a sum of 1261. which he paid away to se-
veral of his creditors.

The ConaT were unanimously of opinion, that Mr.
Ely had endeavoured to consult the interests pf certain
parties while he intended taking the benefit of the Act;
he had contemplated his insolvency, if not as a cer-
tainty, yet as a probable contingency. The Court,
therefore, ordered him to be confined within the wags
of the prison for ten months. _ _ _

Among those discharged this day was WiUlan.
Chapman, aged 84 years. The only ground of opposition
to hym was, that he had contracted his debts under the
feigned name of Craneson. It appeared, h'wever, on
examination, that he had borne this name 60 years, an
early pn,sion for the stage having led him ro a'sume
it ; that he had resumed his family name when his
accumulated misfortunes obliged him to t ke refuge
under his brother's roof.
Matthew .Tupp was also discharged. his only debt was a sum of
E 23, staked tor him to fight a pitched battle in Gloucestershire.
Jupp fcnight,and was beaten ; he was intruediately arrested, and
has now taken the benefit of the Art.

His Majesty's ship RAINBOW, the lion. Captain R•um,
having on board General Bouttxtr, Lieutenant-Gover.
nor for the Cape of Good Hope, and suite, arrived at
Teaeriffe on the 15th of December, from England, and
was to sail again on the 17th for her destination.
The letters received yesterday from Macele-field and
Congleton describe a state of distress among the jour-
neymen silk-weavers as truly calamitous. Meetings of
the principal inhabitants had been called to devise mean,
for relieving it, but the extent of the evil left little hope
of their proving effectual.
A letter from Holyhead, in one of the Liverpool Pa-
pers, states that no less than three hundred and forty-
two vessels, homeward•bound, passed that port in one
day, on Tuesday last. . . .

Fonthill Abbey is pt length uninhabited ; it is stripped
of the whole of its costly furniture, and most of the
principal windows are taken out.
A Meeting was held at Leicester, on Friday, con-
vened for the purpose of considering the propriety of
petitioning Parliament for the emancipation of the Slaves
in the West India Colonies. It was numerously and re-
spectably attended.
A Public Meeting was held at Buckinghani, on Tues-
day, Lord NUGENT, in the Chair, when petitions to
Parliament, for the gradual emancipation of the Negroes
In our Colonies were resolved upon.
An anti-slavery Meeting of the County of Pembroke,
was held on the 12th inst. in the Guildhall, Ilaverford-
west, the Right lion. Lord CAWDOR in the Chair, when
petitions to both Houses of Parliament were prepared
and signed, praying Government to carry into effect
their honourable resolutions of May, 1823, and pledging
the petitioners' best aid and support of them, and ally
other benevolent measures his Majesty's Ministers might
be pleased to adopt, in the accomplishment of those just
and necessary improvements in the conditie.n of so large
and wretched a portion of the human family.
KELSO, JANUARY 10.—Tuesday night, about eigh
o'clock, an alarming and destructive broke out at the
farm steading of Mellendean, possessed by ADAM
WALKER, Esq. The fire originated in the stable, and as
the flames had made great progress before they were
discovered, ten valuable horses were burnt to death in
the stable, the whole being in a complete blaze before
it was possible to 'sake any effort to save there poor
animals. By great exertion, however, the cattle were,
though with some difficulty, all got out of the byres
and curtains without injury. The stable, cow-house, cart
shed, and feeding shed were entirely destroyed.

Thursday afternoon, an alarming fire broke out In
the flax mill of Mr. G. HAMMOND, at the 13ank in
Leeds, and which was not got under until very cons.-
derable damage had been done, both to the building
and the machinery. The loss, independent of the in•
jury done to the building, exceeds 30001.
' Tuesday morning a fire broke out in the village of
Lnngparish, near Andover, on the premises of Mr.
Morratit, fellmonger, by which the whole of his pi o
perty was consumed, and also that of W. Mershon) and
John Siney—not a vestige of anything was sorrel.
The house of Mr. Aaiun, 151.,. 5, Obson-place, Pel
-ham-street, Alile Paid New Town, was broken open yesterday
morning by some thieves, who stole a quantity of wearing apparel,
linen, plate, Ste. to the value of upwards of one hundred pounds,
with which they got clear oft.
