From the Globe.

Among the Monarchs of Europe, who are in general old and
unfriendly to new ideas, there is a King in the flower of youth,
who places confidence in the intelligence and philosophy of his
age. His education has nut partaken of the education of Courts.
He has lived, like a student in the Universities, amidst men of
science and learning—be has traversed the Continent with the
eye of a curious observer and of a poet—he has sought every
where for experience and generous ideas ; in a word, he has
studied how to act the King, as if he were going to exercise an
art. or to profess a science; or, to speak more properly, as if be
were going to fulfil a priesthood. His religious and tender soul
has risen day by day to a higher notion of its duties, and he has
prepared himself by deep meditation for the proper discharge of
them. Thus he has cast a new lustre upon Bavaria almost be-
fore he has taken his seat upon the throne. Germany has re-
cognised hi him a real German Prince ; fur .be saw him formerly
sharing in her misfottunes. indignant at her slavery, and dis-
graced on that very account by the Emperor Napoleon.
When the heroic, youth of the Universities followed the
example which France had already set to the world, and
relinquished their studies to repel the foreigner, philosophising
end Urging verses by the fire of the blvou.c, and is the midst
of batteries, Louis, Prince of Bavaria, thougb it a distance,
and almost a prisoner, participated in their devotion, and
envied Korner his death ou the field of battle. Afterwards. in
more tranquil rinses, hoping for the establishment of liberty, as if he
had been the humblest subjeet of the Kings of wlicioi be was soon to
be the equal, he sighed (or the establishment of reforli and tconos

There have been published, within the last few days, certain in-
accurate details of what passed in the Chamber of Peers in 1815,
immediately after the second restoration. A Journal attributes it.
the Duke of Orleans an answer to the famous categories delivered
by M. de Bourdoonaye in the Chamber of Deputies. If we can
trust our memory—and we have reason to think it is very faithful
—a most violent debate sprung up In the Chamber of Peers at the
epoch of which we are speaking; and the Duke of Orleans, who
sat there with the other *bees of the blood, distinguished him •
self by an opposition worthy of every Frenchman.
It was forbidden in the French Journals to speak of that memo-
rable sitting ; and new it would be almost as a thing that bad not
passed before the public, if the hatred which is borne to the new
Ministry had not constrained the press to dive into the past, to en-
lighten France upon the future which is preparing for it.
Reiser taking his seat in the Chamber of Peers, the Duke of
Orleans, it is said, acquainted the King's Government, in the per-
son of the Duke of Richelieu, that there were three points on which
he would always give his vote in the negative : first, political ven-
geance and re-action; second, the exclusion of those Peers •f
France who were declared stunted by a Royal Ordinance; and
third, the division of the French territory by the Allies. The
Prince added, that upon these points he would make the most
energetic declarations.
The Duke de Richelieu replied, that upon the fist and third
points the Ministry perfectly agreed with his Serene Highness,
and would vote with him in case it were necessary.
The Duke of Orleans took his seat.
Soon afterwards there was a debate upon the Address. A phrase
supported in the bureau by influential personages, and in which a
re-action was demanded, was proposed as an Amendment. The
Duke of Orleans opposed it with great energy in an extempore
speech, which produced an extraordinary and unparalleled agita-
tion In the Chamber. A violent discussion took place between
Count Ferrand and Count Lanjuinais, not to name other speakers.
The Duke ?datthieu de Mostmorenci found means to terminate
the debate by a maneuvre quite Parliamentary, for which the
Prince complimented him.
When they came to vote on the Amendment, by holding up the
hand, hi de Richelieu, and the Ministers generally, kept their
word. The Amendment was not, however, the less adopted. The
Ministerial influence, when joined to the minority, only consisted
of thirty-four votes. But when the votes were taken upon the
whole Addreu by the secret scrutiny of " ayes," or " noes," the
`34 votes which had rejected the demand of vengeance, were reduced
to eight. I: was thought that of the eight noes, two were the Duke
of Orleans and the old Prince of Conde ; Count Lanjuluals probably
was a third; and the question was, who were the ether See?
The Journals were advised not to mention this incident. The
Address being once voted, the responsibility of it might then fall
upon the Prince who had spoken and voted against it. The Duke
of Orleans. went, his said, to Louis XVIII. and respectfully de-
clued to him that he did not think it proper that be, a Prince of
the Blood, should vote in the Chamber of Peen in a minority
with the Ministry ; that in the eyes of the public be would seem
to be a dupe, or else to be serving to dupe others, since the Minis-
try had allowed so easily m to be imposed upon it by the
majority, against which it had publicly voted some moments be-
fore. She Duke concluded by demanding of the King pernsissid:s
to return to England, since that was the only means left him, lit
consequence of the fetters of the press, of protesting against mea-
sures of which he disapproved.
The English newspapers were the only journals which gave any
details of these transactions at the time.

RUSSIAN EMPIRE.—The Russian Empire extends
over 568,000 square geographical miles of 15 to a degree (being
upwards of four times as long as an English statute mile, 69 of
which go to a degree), 100,000 miles in Europe. more than 243,000
miles in Asia, and the residue in Amities. This empire compre
bends arse-lial of Europe, and a third of Asia : it forms the tun k
part of the habitable globe. Its Kuropean division is peopled by
58 millions of inhabitants, its Asiatic by two millions, and its Ame-
rican by 50.000. The total number is 60 millions of hods, which,
however, gives no more than 161 persons to each square mile. In
this population, and In Europe alone, we perceive 2,500,000 Finns.
Ins than 500,000 Germans and Scandinavians, and 50 millions or
Slavoniuts, of whom 4 millions are Poles. The Russian territory
is considered capable of supporting 150 millions of human being.,
and its population to increase at a yearly rate of half • milion !
THE EMPRESS OF 13tt Ax L.—The Portuguese re-
fugees who have been some time at Ghent, presented their homage
a few days miner to the new Empres. of Brazil. M. Cardoso. the
late Corregidor of Oporto, addressed her Majesty, and prayed
they might lay at the feet of her Royal spouse, the good wishes,
fidelity, and devotion of all the emigrants present. The Empress
answered in the most gracious manner that she should make known
to the Emperor the noble sentiments with which she knew the
emigrants were animated, and he would no doubt appreciate their
misfortunes and loyalty.
PUBLIC FRAUDS IS THE ÜBITED STATES.— A Se-
ries of judicial investigations of some importance is going on at
Washington. against Dr. Watkins, a friend of the late Government.
—He is charged with acting as Auditor, with drawing fraudulent
drafts, and obtaining false requisitions front the first Secretary to
the Treasury. The brat trial is closed with a verdict by the Jury
after two hours' deliberation, finding the defendant Guilty of hav-
ing received 750 dollars, in his official capacity, and applied the same
to his own use. The Court refused this verdict, as it did not fir..l
that the money belonged to the United States, nor the frarailulet,r
intent with which it was obtained. The hey retired, and, after
three hours of deliberation, found an amended verdict, that' the
prisoner was guilty of having, in his facial capacity, obi:Aiwa osi.t
applied to his own use 750 dollars, tomer of the United States.—
This verdict still omits the imputation of frail& and is therefore net
sufficient. This determination tiot to convict... Dr. Watitisis..was
ascribed by one of the Counsel for the prosecution to the tact, that
•' they are party men." The attorney has given notice to move
that a new Jury be struck for the next trial, which is relative to •
fraudulent obtainment of 300 dollars.
