FOR THE STAR.

TO THE EDITOR.

PARIS, Aran. 10.

Sin—The news from the north of Europe will be read
with the greatest interest. The Poles have not bad long to
wait, ere they again heard the roar of artillery, to shake the
tranquility of which they complained by the last accounts
from Warsaw; and their conduct in this instance, by acting
on the offensive, proves that their words and actions are not
at variance. The news has been received at Paris with great
enthusiasm ; many houses were last night illuminated,
amongst others, the office of the National, and the house of
Lafitte, which were surrounded by a crowd to ascertain
the cause ; and when it was made known that the Poles
were again victorious, the cheering was deafening.
From the hasty manner in which the bulletin has been
written, owing to the fatigue of marching and fighting for
upwards of twenty-two hours, very many particulars have
not transpired; but from what I can learn from private
letters, the account of the victory is far from being exag-
gerated.
The enthusiasm of the Poles for liberty works wonders.
It is stated that two regiments of recruits, who canto up
to join the army, gathered the muskets from the dead, in-
stantly marched upon the enemy, and performed prodigies
of valour. A Postscript announces, that, in spite of the
harassing fatigue cf such a combat, the Poles pursued the
enemy vigorously, and that in the retreat they took 2,000
prisoners and four pieces' of cannon. There can be little
doubt that the Poles,who at first appeared destined to perish,
will now be sure of regaining their liberty. _ _

The Emperor Nicholas, lunderstand:is very shortly ex-
pected at Berlin, unless all these disasters cause him to alter
his plans. Certainly Russia is at this moment in a very cri-
tical position ; and, unless she makes a sure friend of Prus-
sia, is open to attack from every power.
The account of the insurrection in Lithuania is confirmed,
and has redoubled the enthusiasm at Warsaw. Turkey is
arming and watching a favourable opportunity for declaring
war; and it is very confidently believed, that not only great
discontent reigns in the Russian army, but also among
the people.
From Italy there is no news whatever, in addition to what I
sent you yesterday ; but Belgium unhappily seems destined
for fresh troubles.

I gave you yesterday the prices of the Funds at four
o'clock ; they closed at nearly the same—the 5 per cent. at
87 f. 50 c. the 3 per cent. at 57 f. 50 c.—an immense rise
within the last few days. But you may recollect that I
predicted to you, from good authority, that this would be
the case. The patriotic plan of M. Henri Rodrigues, of a
national subscription, appears to obtain great success : al-
:ca iv immense amount is subscribed towards tho'
120,000,000. At the Exchange there was 92,400,000 fr.
offered for this loan—the funds being at 77 fr.—
which would have caused a sacrifice of 27,600,000.
Three days afterwards, the Course has mounted to
37 f, which has consequently raised the value to 104,400,000
francs. There can be little doubt but this up and down
work is the effect of speculation ; but the present rapid rise
is of great advantage to the government.
To-night a general illumination is expected to take place,:
which it is hoped will not hurt the feelings of M. Pozzo di
Borgo. I send you duplicates of the official bulletin, the
letter of the Generalissimo, and a few papers ; and remain,
in great haste, your obedient servant, J. L.

POLISH VICTORY-OFFICIAL BULLETIN.
WARSAW, APAIL 1.

The Commandes.M.Chief having learned that Marshal Diebitsch
bad divided his forces, and only left a small corps of his army to ob-
serve the capital, took the resolution to pass with a great pert of his
troops to the right bank of the Vistula. After having previously
sent General Uminski towards Oetrolenka, to keep in check the corps
of General Sicken, and the Guards who were advancing there,
he quitted Warsaw during the night of the 30th ult. and attacked at
Waiver the corps of General Geismar, who were there intrenched in
very strong and advantageous positions. While the advanced guard
of the Polish army was enguged in combat with four regiments of
Russian infantry, General Rybinsky appeared with his divi-
sion on the enemy's right, attacked it by storm, and carried at point
of the bayonet all its redoubts end intrencluncnts—he destroyed one en.
tire regiment, forced another to lay down its arms ; took three cannons,
two standards, and drove the enemy into a precipitate retreat. In this
combat, which lewd more than two hours, the brigade commanded by
Col. Rormaino, particularly thrtingoi-Ind itself. Thu enemy forced toff
quit very advantageous positions, which were guarded and fortified
since the 19th February, retreated to Blilosoa, where it attempted to
make a stand, but was compelled to yield wider the fire of our infantry,
which crossed i: from both sides. As the enemy was returning'
towards Minsk, lie received fresh reinforcements. He then
made many attempts to in:A.:nein good positions, which the
ground presented to him ; but all resistance on his part proved useless,
Our troops pressed him vigorously, and he did not stop till at Dem-
bewielkie, where he rejoined the corps of General Rosen, which occu-
pied there a military fortified position. It was then five o'clock in the
evening, when the resistance had become more obstinate. The combat
lasted till ten o'clock at night. Our artillery occupied the position of
the centre, our Tiraillenrs fired from both sides ; the fire was lively
and well sustained, but after a contest of some hours the enemy was
muted, his positions abandoned to our eraups. and he fled with precipi-
!anon. His loss must have been considerable—it is estimated at 2000
killed and as many wounded. Many officers have fallen, among others
the Colonel commandant of the Vt'ilna Regiment. We have made
6,000 prisoners, for whole battalions were forced to lay down their
arms, and we are every instant hearing, that during the present day, ad-
ditional prisoners are hourly bringing into head-quarters. We have
taken 12 pieces of cannot', a great many waggons of ammunition, and a
good deal of arms. The regiments of Faucheurs (scythe-men) having
demanded arms, we have ssteigned to them those left by the enemy on
the field of battle ; they went to seek them, and are returning armed
with muskets. The combat having lasted till 10 o'clock at night, and the
army being fatigued after more than 20 hours' hard marching and fighting,
it was impossible to pursue the enemy. Nevertheless, the effects of this
combat promise us, immense result., for the General-in• Chief, conform.
ably to the plan ee hich he had so happily conceived, proposes to attack
the dispersed cantonments of Marshal Dicbitsch, nod separate him from
the Hue of hi, reinforcements. We hope that this bold military
operation, so well and ably combined, will lead to important results,
and assure a complete victory to the noble defenders of liberty and
national independence. The President of the National Government,
Prince Crartoriski, M. Becryrkowaki. Member of the Government,
and Count Malechowski, Minister of Foreign Affairs, have worn-
parried the Coinmrnder-in• Chief since the commencement of the af-
fair until nightfall, and after having shared his dangers, they have
been witnesses of the triumph with which he crowned this memora-
ble day."

The following is the letter of the Generalissimo, written from the
tamp of Pembewlelkie, the 31st of March, at 10 o'clock at night.
(llembewielkie is four miles (German) from Warsaw, and one from
insk.)
To THE NATIONAL Govntsrazwv.--Before I inform you of the
important events of this day, I must premise, that as the army bra fought
.ind marched during the whole day, it is impossible to collect all the
particular reports so as to render a full account of the affair. Forced to
postpone this duty to a more leisure moment, I hasten to communicate
to the government the general result. This day the advanced =f
the national army precipitated itself upon the corps of General
which occupied a strong position at Wawer. After a combat of two
howls, this corps was beaten and punted upon the road to Minsk.—
Every where as the enemy, aided by fresh reinforcements, which he
continually received, wished to profit by the positions which this road
siren presented to him, his efforts only drew upon him additional
• Finally, the whole corps of General Rosen united at Dernbe-
wiclkie, endeavoured to stop us ; but the battle which we fought there

ended in the entire defeat of the enemy, and the carrying of all his po-
sitions. During this day, so glorious to the Polish arms, the enemy
has suffered a considerable loss. Blow than five or six thousand
men of his have been killed and wounded, as far as we can judge
at this moment. Among the prisoners are Gen. Lewandorski, and a
great number of superior and other diem We have taken 2 stand-
ards, 16 piece, of cannon.-of which a part have all their harness—lb
waggons filled with ammunition, and some thousands of muskets.—
This victory is the more advantageous for the Polish arms, inasmuch
as it has not been bought on our side by any very considerable low.
This is attributable to the surprise of the sudden attack which we
made—an attack which we followed up throughout the day with the
greatest vigour. Many of the enemy's battalions were cut to pieces on
the field of battle, others were made prisoners in a body. Being above
20 hours on horseback, it is impossible for me at this moment to fur.
nish a more complete report. I only pray of the National Government
to order a solemn service, to thank God for leaving deigned to shed his
blessing upon our arms.
" The Commander-in-Chief, SKRZYNECKI."
Warsaw, April 1, Five o'clock in the evening. An officer, who
left head-quarters at one o'clock this day, by order of the Commander
in Chief, brings to the national Government the news of fresh successes
which have this day signalised the devotion of out heroic army. The
enemy made a new attempt to resist the vigorous attack of our troops ;
after a furious combat they were again driven in retreat. The enemy's
loss is considerable; we have now 2000 prisoners, among whom
are many officers of rank among others, the general of artillery,
Csecurin, 6 pieces of cannon, and many waggons of ammunition. The
national Government are going to send their secretary to head-quarters,
to bear to the Commander in Chief the cross of commander of the mili-
tary order of Poland.
Bzamx, Amur. 2.—The news spread some days ago, of an insur-
rection in Lithuania, is this day confirmed by letters from Memel and
Konigsberg. The Lithuanian nobles gave liberty to their slaves, and
distributed arms amongst them. The Russian authorities had only
time to carry away their chest, and to fiy into the Prussian territory,
which has been religiously respected by the Lithuanians.
Stavin, Aram b.— The bold and skilful attack made by the Poles
on the 31st of last month on the Russian army at Grochow, has pro.
duced a brilliant victory. The corps of General Geismar, and as later
accounts state of General Rosen, have been defeated with great loos,
and Sknynetsky's which were on the Ist, at Minsk, have advanced to
Siedlec. The accounts which, since yesterday, have in succession been
received here, still farther increase the result of this victory. The Rus-
sians are stated to have lost 12,000 men and 23 pieces of cannon,
besides five standards, a great quantity of arms, baggage, ammunition,
ac. A Russian Major-General and four aides-de-camp have been
made prisoners, and are brought to Warsaw. Part of the National
Guard of that city went out rejoicing, with a musical band, to meet the
victors returning from the field of battle, with a numerous convoy of
prisoners. In order to obtain a distinct view of the strategical
importance of this enterprise, we must wait for farther informa-
tion as to the situation of General Umineki, who is opposed to the
Russian Guards, and respecting the insurrection in the ancient Polish
provinces. An unauthenticated report states the Grand Duke
Michael to be marching back upon Lithuania at the head of 4,000 of
the Guards. Nothing precise has as yet transpired with regard to the
insurrection in that province. It is reported that a central Government
has been established there, at the head of which is the Castellan, Count
Plater. A circular of his fell into the hands of a Russian Marine officer,
who immediately communicated it to the Russian authorities; but at
the same time the Lithuanian priests gave the signal for the rising, and
a number of Polish officers made theirjappearance."

The news from the north of the highest interest. The
war has recommenced upon the Vistula, and the Poles are
conquerors ! The corps of General Geismar and General
Rozen are in full retreat : 6,000 killed or wounded, 6,000
prisoners, 15 cannon, standards, muskets, &c. are the results
of the memorable day of the 31st of March. The Polish
Generalissimo had crossed the Vistula on the night between
the 30th and 31st of March, and by a bold manoeuvre falling
by surprise upon the army which was in observation upon
the line of Praga, he beat it back upon the corps of General
Rozen, which was, in its turn, overwhelmed, and driven
upon that of General Geismar. All the Russian positions
were carried by storm. The Polish General had at first de-
tached upon his left General Uminsky, to observe the rein-
forcements of the Imperial Guard, which were advancing
on that side.

Marshal Diebitsch, in his head-quarters of Sienica, thus
finds himself cut off by the Polish corps, which is marching
on the line of the Bug to meet bim, through the Palatinate
of Augustowo. On the Ist of April the Poles overthrew
again the remains of the divisions of Rosen and Geismar.—
An officer, who set out from the camp on the Ist of April,
at half. past one o'clock, and arrived at five o'clock at War-
saw, announces, that upon his departure they had made
even during that morning, 2,000 prisoners, among whom
were many General Officers; they had likewise taken six
cannon, and magazines and muskets. Whole battalions
laid down their arms in the battle of the 31st of March;
perhaps this is the first time of such an occurrence in
Russian regiments. What demoralization must exist in
their ranks ! •

Glory to the Polish witty ! Glory to the heroic defenders
of the independence of their country ! They have paid
I sufficiently dear for liberty to preserve it. With what
joy Europe will open to them her ranks. While these
great events are passing on the banks of the Vistula,
a violent insurrection broke out on the 28th at Wilna.
Thus we have Lithuania almost entirely under arms; and
15 days have scarcely passed since the Russian Imperial
Guard traversed it, parching upon the Vistula. What
i redoubled energy the victories of the 31st and the Ist must
infuse into the Lithuanian insurrection ; and what confidence
the news of this insurrection must spread in its turn in the
victorious ranks of the Polish army ! We shall now leave
the official documents to speak for themselves : recitals like
these require no commentaries. We shall only add, that
I authentic letters from Warsaw of the evening of the let inst.
assure us that the bulletins written in haste, so far from ex-
aggerating the success of these memorable days, do not
!perhaps represent them as great as they were in reality.—
Journal des Debuts.

The news of an insurrection in Lithuania is confirmed.—
The following is from the Gazette de Berlin :—Letters from
Koenigsberg announce that on the 28th of March there ar-
rived in that city, from the frontiers of Russia, intelligence
that an insurrection had burst out in the government of
Wilna. According to these letters, the revolted have seized
upon the arms which had been taken from them, and which
were deposited at Roznyn ; they then advanced towards
Georgenburg, where several of the inhabitants fled upon the
Russian territory. In their march upon Georgenburg, they
repulsed some Cossacks sent against them.—Letters from
Tilsit announce that they have shewn themselves in the dis-
trict of Taoroggen. These details from the Berlin Gazette
make one see that the insurrection has burst out very near
to the Polish frontier. It will then be easy for the insur-
gents to receive succour from their brothers of Poland.—
Le National.

BELO 1U N.—Extract of a letter from Brussels:—" The
security which reigned here yesterday in our Council of
Ministers, has just completely vanished. The unworthy
language of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of France, and
the news received from Germany and England last night,
has deprived us of all hope of preserving peace. The
troops of the Confederation march upon Luxembourg; but
our Cabinet, when announcing this news to the Congress,
in the sitting of this day, proposed to it to support unto
death this struggle, however unequal it might appear.
The Congress received this proposition with unanimous ac-
clamations, and invited the Ministry, not only to direct upon
Luxembourg all the disposable troops, but also to move the
civic guard immediately, and to make an appeal to all the
nation, This resolution electrifies and occupies all minds."
—Coastitutionnel.

SPANISH BONDS.—The decision taken this day at the
Chamber of Deputies, upon the petition of the holders of
the Cortes Bonds, has fully justified our calculations and our
hopes. After the report, full of perspicuity, of M. Gillon,
the categorical demonstrations, given by M. Garcia., the
projects of fraud and swindling concealed in the decree of
Ferdinand VII. and the eloquent extempore display of M.
Tracy, who drew in striking language that infamous tyranny
which we have raised and nurtured. The Chamber has, by

a unanimous vote, sent to the President of the Council
of Ministers, the petition which asks from the government
an order to interdict the entry at the Bourse of the new Spa-
nish Bonds. We do not doubt that after an injunction so
solemn, the ministry till protect our fortunes against the
enterprises of the Camara: of Madrid, and at last cause to
cease that shameful tribute which we have paid for eight
years to the court of Spain.—Le National.
SPIRIT OF TIE JOURNALS.

OF TODAY AND YESTERDAY.
CHaortrcr.r..—ln answer to the rumours so industriously, and, it
might be added, factiously circulated, we may say that the virtues
which adorn the Illustrious Lady thus groundless aspersed, forbid the
notion of her seeking to employ, in matters of such concernment, the
influence over her hwband which his affection invests her with ; while
his native strength 0. character, end manliness bf feeling would, if ne-
cevtr.ry, assign the proper limits to that influence, did, by possibility, a
desire exist h. ex tehd them. It is not, the King well knows, of people with
foreign notion* and German prejudice, sheer connected with him by
des of consanguinity of affinity, that a British Monarch ought to take
counsel; n.n would, we will confidently affirm, the people submit
with complacercy to counsels derived, u. suspected of being derived,
fro,n inch a soiree. The private virtues of the small German family !
attached, by hunt connection, to the British throne, are respected ;
but let the parties take heed. These are Sous in which small account
might be made of their pretensions. sh mld they interfare with '
the just claims of the people; or should an apprehension get
abroad that the ?roximity to the Sovereign had been abused to pur-
poses pernicious to the general weaL Though we say thus much,
it is, we firmly believe. through the perverse industry of a
Prince—English, no doubt, by birth, hut an alien in habits, manners,
and demeanour—that the reports to which we allude have got into cir-
culation. They are, we believe, the last desperate resource of baffled
spleen ; and not countenanced even by the adherents of the party they
are meant to serve.—We refer oar readers to an extract from the
Wiudsor Espress, giving some details of the influence exerted at
Windsor to pterent any public expression in favour of Reform in that
town.

HiaaLD.—Our situation as journalists compels us sometimes to give
currency to reports which carry with them almost their own contra-
diction. Such we esteem that to be which imputes to an Illustrious
Female a stroll; political bias, not to say interference, against the pro-
gress of the Ministerial measure of Reform, and a wish to prejudice the
Royal mind upon the subject. it is me of the misfortunes of high
station to be subject to constant misrepresentation, without possessing
the means of refutation which fall to the lot of the lowest of the
community. Against this such persons have but two sources of
princedom—the innate integrity of their own character, and the
liberal allowance which the good sense of the public makes
for the peculiarity of their station. In the instance to which we
allude, the personage in question possesses the first of these advantages
' in no ordinary degree. only speak, we are convinced, the voice of
the whole country, when we declare that, since the accession of the House
of Brunswick, no member cf it, with a character in every respect so free
frost reproach, or so entitled to applause, as• the illustrious female in
question, bee (if we except one lost and lamented member of it) ever
graced its annals. lac political subjects ire believe the pc/image
in question has never meddled. Those who know her best know
how little she values high swim, beyond the means it affords
tar of extending her circle of usefulness and benevolence; and
that, as far as her own private feelings arc concerned, her own
choice would be " a private 'melon." Considering how the com-
forts of the Royal Household have been encroached upon by the scions
of Parliamentary corruption, it was not to be expected that the present
measure of reform could be so much as loomed without stirring up the
venom of the brood of Court vipers which it is calculated to sweep
away : and the report in question, we have no doubt, is a mere malice
mutt interested falsehood, put forth by some of those who stick at no-
thing to save thems.lves from the exterminedon which awaits than
when the measure in question takes from thee-. tits source of their pod.
hated existence. The people at hap then will, we arc sure, reject with
scorn the imputation we allude to. They will judge of the illustrious
individual by the purity and integrity of her own character, which, has
been, from hut to last, such as entitles her to universal bontage, attach-
ment, and respect; and will attribute the calumny in question to its
true source—to those whose wishes are the imam to their thoughts.
Pose.—Mr. Buxton's motion for the abolition of slavery in the West
Indies, hawked by some thousand Dissenters' petitions, COMP ou fur din-
median next Friday. All official authuritics agree that the slaves are'
contented and happy, because they are well used. The Reformists
insist that they-are miserable, and claim that they should be free.
We have always advocated .a inquiry into their condition, and '
cannot understand why it has not beeu granted. We believe them to I
be as happy a population as nay on the face of the globe. Why should
not, the truth be atartaiued, and the people of England know the,
truth? As to free labour, Mr. Wilmot Horton, in 1823, wrote!
to Mr, Huskisson, suggesting an inquiry to ascertain whether freed ne.
grog, would work at such wages us toe planters could afford to Five, if
emancipation took place ? .Mr. Huskisson, whose only object was
melioretiom was satisfied, from time example of Sierra Leone end the
apprenticed Africans, that they would not, aid thought the inquiry
unless. Emancipation, then, if broached, should instantly be accom-
panied by compensation for the value of the property previously to
1023—above 150 eatilleue sterling. The people of England would then
any the Oeht they owe for carrying on the Slave Trade, for the colonists
did nut carry it on ; they protested against It—their interest was op-
posed to it—tile Slave Trade encouraged cultivation of sugar and re-
duced their profits. The parliament, however, will not pay this price;
the questiott therefore must be otherwise settled.
Ttates.—All ecceuuts from the west of Ireland represent the coon.
tks of Clara cud Galway to be in a state of the most unmitigated and
frightful anarchy. In the former of the above counties, where 011 eke-
:ion fot a representative etas recently tern:dilated inn the return of a
young man of the name of O'Connell, a sot. of Mr. D. O'Connell, al-
together unconnected with the county of Clare, who was preferred to
Sir Reheard O'Brien, the head of so old and opulent family always
resident ou their (state in that county, as desciibal to us by per-
foes of observation and veracity, the 11111112 of law is held in utter
oiaisia n. Patoure land is broken up at noon-dap by assem.
bilges of litintleeris of people; gates arc torn off their hinges,—
I LI co. levelled with the tatoo—cattle turned front what used to be ca-
-1 ,
mosurt 4%0 the public needs, end ionisation, or other fans-servants,
forhiehlett, tan paid of death, to resume their work, and protect or
%%eel' their toaster's property. No gentleman's family, be the mem.
ou. of it era so imam able, or individually popular, consider them.
stilts sale within their own grounds. More than half the gentry have
Iled their homes, and taken refuge in Limerick or Dublin. The ran.
want, who tae bold enough to stay behind, or so ouch in want of
money as to be incapable of removing to any distauce, are forced
to barricade their houses and keep regular guard day end
pinches to potent eurprise by the wretched and ferocious pea-
+entry. The war is a servile war. It is in every Instance the
poor ageiust the rich,—tic hungry mat against the full man. It I
is rectikts ompair sgainst 111.1110,1 cupidity. A remedial measure, I
at twice prompt and perket, there is none; hut imperfect measures
way do something, al they are prompt; and if pains be taken to
alleviate the suffering, es help OP to punish legally the criminal ta-
p:whin of that eufferittg, the unfortunate people may, at least, be'
unieht to hope that patichee will toe be Joe ever untie:Ming. In
the man dine, it is touch to be fee .el, that without the Instorectiou
Act,—a dreadful, Ink energetic iteetnnctio—the confusion which nun
•paroveters and perplexes every thing Ca..llot he even momentarily rut-
' ',ended. To coercion, Inn„ ever, n one but , Goveretteent actuated by the
• •:pitit act . fiesta would adult of iiaritiag Its political opera lOUs.
The peasantry ere ground down to the lowest point of misery ever
omit by men. They arc fateishileg,—their wives aid children are
famishing. They are, to use a homely phrase, " eating each rotor's
loads of;" so fierce and untefiecting is their competitiott lot land, the
occupancy of which offers them their only chance of evbeistence. It
is said, that the landlords desetve no blame for tempting the highest
bidder as their team'', where all bid desperately against even other.
'rids is a wicked faleehood. The loodlurd has ato right to equity or
humanity, to deal with human life es the pedlar with his wares. The
duty, the bounden dety of the landlord, is to calculate a too his land
can produce, and charge the poor man no higher rent than the land
well cultivated can lumish the means of paying, after rendering a heir
recompense to the occupant for his matey of labour, manure, end semi.
HIVALD.—l'he mean, Lances in Belgium have been mode a ,
pretex by certain jittonals for pouring oat the eroet intemperate abuse
'mon the people of that country, whose guest crime, in the eyes of the
open enemies or hollow friends of constitutional liberty, seems to be,
that they are resolved to maintain, at cal hazards, the national indepen-
dence which they so dearly purchneed, and which the " Holy Alliance"
have by plots, intrigues, and protocols, endeavoured to subvert. The
violent proceedings of the populace, even in defence of liberty, produce
great evils ; but the blame otthtrse crib' oweht to fall on the real author,'
of the popular excitement which leads to such distuthances. Who ate
the real authors of the civil coininotious in Belgium ? The partisans of the
Prince of Orange, who while the diplomathas oldie great powers have been
"pro:cooling" against the independence of the Belgic people in Lon.
lion, have been intriguing against the same independence in Brussels,
Ghent, Antwerp, and other places. While these things were going on
the Journals in the interest of the expelled dy nasty were 1 to in-
form the world,from time to time, that the public feeling throughout Bel-
gium iu favour of the Prince of Orange, was becoming stroller and more
manifest every day, and that, in fact, a decided re-action had taken
place. It is likely the emissaries and agents employed on this occa-
sion to prepare the way for a counter revolution deceived their employ-
ers. Certain it is that, when matters were thought to be ripe for an
explosion, attempts were made so proclaim the • Prince of Orange in
several towns in a manner that argued, on the part of the ringleaders an
extraordinary degree of blind conWeree in popular support.
A detachment of pasonblvhers' apprentices attended at
Drury-lane on Friday night, in order to hiss down the new
drama of " The Pledge," if it contained any unbecoming
allusions to " the profession."
