:0 lessen these

•
the only mane left to

them to fusee France to remain quiet. The resources.
if 'whatever provinces may now be separated from
France and given to others, in political orithmetle,
dways'eount at dotible their nominal value. Ike
chi capture of si Ship from an enemy it converts one
.ioto two with-the oonqeeror.
We pretend not to form an opinion tlq! policy
of the dismemberment or France l not posse.sCipg suf.
&km informatiOn to enable us. We' C4ll fw.iy pitlt
oat some of the considerations which ought ever to
enter into political calculations of this kind. It is
the business of Statesmen to take care that their cal-
culations embrace all the necessary' elements to lead
them to a proper conclusion.
•

The ootract which we have given from the Extra-
ordinary and Imperial Gazette of Point-a-Petre, will
abuse our Readers. On the very same day on which
the Sovereignty of NAPOLZON was again proclaimed
Ott Gird-o°oo, his I,surels were blastedt and his sun
.sat,fee everiat Waterloo.

it9oe. have before us the Parii Papers of Tuesday.
,trklip braids OS wind* little or no intelligence of inn'
rest: not a word is said of Nay. The elections are
going on for the new Chamber of Representatives.
No less than three places have returned Fotrcna: this
indicates, we apprehend, a Jacobin spirit as being still
Dvaknt. On the other hand, Marshal Vicron (the
uke pf selLerte), and CIIATIM Vaal ANT, in their
, mspective sposebes to their Colleges, are animated by
ismer and more 'virtuous sentiments. We have se-
keted the speech of VICTOR, as conveying some most
wholeiome advice. •
PARIS, AUGUST et
The night before last a courier we off from Paris
10 Loudon in great haste. It is supposed that 1*
conies with-him the neat, of Peace for the appro-
bation of the Prince Regent, the ratification of which
will soon ptit an end to.our long uncertainty.
Five or six hundred of the Ex.lmperial Guard,
now Royal Grenadiers, are at this moment iu Paris.
They are quartered at the Hotel of the Garde' de la
Porte, roe des Capucines. They manifested um
greatest loyalty on die day of his Majesty's fete.
The town of Montmedy has been blockaded sine*
the 16th by a carps of 7000 Prussians, under the
command of General Haacke.
Two thousand English troops, with artillery, wall
at Roye on the 25th, on their way to Paris. I
The concert given by'Madaine de Duras last night
was very William. Among the company were the
Sing and two Princes Royal of Piassia, the two
brothers of the Emperor Alexander, &c.
Marebel Blucher -is expected at Mans ; great pen.
paratioas are making for his reception.
It is said that the. Duke cif Bourbon will set out
to-night on a short journey, but his absence will not
be of long duration.
There was so-day, in the plains of Grenelle, a
grand review of milli, regiments ,of infantry and
ten regiments of cavalry, all ?muslin-. They went
through their matmovres with great precision.
This morning a great number of foreign troops
defiled on the northern bulwarks : they are proceed.
ing to the plain of Venus (Marne) there 'to pass the
grand review by the Allied Sovereigns, which we
announced some days since; and which will takeplate
early in September. It is, certain that the Russian
troops who air quitting Paris (or the above review,
will not return te the capital, and that,the different
corps d'armee of this 'power will put itself in march
to quit the French territory entirely.
The celebrated Canova is employed by the' Russian
Senate in executing a statue of the Emperor Alex-
ander.
They writs from Lausanne on the 2241 August-

4' The Duke of BassAso has .been again Arrested at
St. Aubin, is the night between the 19th and 20th.
He has been separated from his family, and forced to
return to Berne."
The British Llerterfl Dakymple set out on the 10th
of August from Genoa for Zante : he has bean op-
pointed second in command in the lonian Islands.
• Marrdral Victor Duke of Beaune, who has given
in the present times proofs of the noblest fidelity and
of the most boundless devotion, has addressed to the
Electors of the Department of the Lnire and Cher,
.over whose assembly he presided, a discourse which
made the most lively impression, and in which we
remarked the following passage r " The violences of
the revolutions Ihich have so cruelly distracted
France, are powerful 1130Iiiet for expelling from all
public functions the miscreants who have committed
them. Let us hope that they will find it impossible
to renew them. Let'us hope still more ; iet Us hope
that returned to more moderate sentiments, they will
cordially unite with the good French to support to.
gether the cause of the. throne and of the country.—
But until they have abjured the deplorable errors
kWhiCh have misled them, until they are made sensi-
ble that the evils which now weigh upon France are
the fruits of their blind alelitiens ; finally, until the
moment when, convinced of the enormity. of their
,faults, they have testified their repent.ante by a eon.,
duct which shall justify
.it, !et Da :not think of them;
bat to invoke their MIMS If) IM•vittuts of pod. tilt-
' aens.• The Electoral CollegM of ail the departments
b.
If the kingdom: are at this- ischamt assembled to
• .
'give Xellisliagn tf‘*ea,O ►i"'•.."7.161/#4linialcis

&tett limit eho ce and inspire the new Marta itl.ies
!ii ow French people. love for the
'public good sivhich so eminently Distinguishes out
good King, and %Itriti:ll.4Ait alone itconJ the imtern.,l
• intentions of his Majesty:".

MUM VI MT* k0141)1 ARV OP Tursp montaxn.
The King t te)1; an Airing ye4terday in the villJges
Of Sevres 3lid St. Cloud.

- Jeiome Bonaparte, on the 21.1, passed through
Coarisruhe, escorted Ly a Wurtemherg officer.
We learn from Nurember.t; that Itubsian army,
coming from Poland, and wilk:t arrived o'n the .rith
rrai.kfort on the M.iine„ proceeding to the Rhine,
received counter ordirs on the 9th of this month, and
is now returning to Poland.
The city of Arras has not yet opened its gates to
the Al!ies, and entrance is permitted to foot passen-
gers only, who pass through a wicket.

The Marquis of Montchenu is chnignated by the'
King as Commissioner few France, in the Island of
St. Helena.

A report gains ground at Vesonl, that various
Austrian corps have received Orders to prepare t 2
march to Italy.

This Morning we received a letter from Havre,
VAted TecidAy last, which announces the arrival off
that port of SAVARY, LALLILMAND, and other traitors,
in a British frigate, having the white and British
tilts flying r she was received by A salute from the
grand fort, but no one was permitted to land until
instructions should be teceived from Paths.

• Halifax Papers arrived this morning to the 18th of
August—they had received. London Papers to the
11th of July.—lt ippears they had received the ac:
count of the total defeat of BONA PA ars, and the Edi-
tor of the Halifax Journal thus announces the event to
his readers :—'s Most heartily do we congratulate
our readers on the great, brilliant. and decisive vic.
tory obtained by the British and Prussian Army over
those of Franceon the overthrow of BONA PART*
and the barbarous bands who supported him—on the
glorious triumph of Justice over the foulest iniquity."
A private letter, dated the 91st of July. from New
York, contains the following important intelligence :
" 1 have just seen an intelligent Officer from
Sackett's Harbour, who informs me, that the British
have actually sent up two battalions to [garrison Mi.
chillimackinac j being determined, it seems, to hold

•
it contrary to treaty.
IS The pretext for dais faithless measure is our
holding some part of Florida, which England claims.
Are Ministers resolved- to seek a fresh quarrel with
America ? Is our late Tre ity with the Republic to
beanoiher affair of Malta—a second truce of Amiens?"

IRISI .CATHOLICS.
The subjoitied document, copied from the Irish
Papeis received tidy morning, will excite surprise in
the mind of some of out Readers. That they should
-hesitate to grant the Veto to the Kiuo will no longer
appear surprising, when it is seen that they can anti-
cipate- the possibility of differing in opininn, and con-
sequently in conduct, from their infalli6k Father, to
*hose decisions they are bound to yield implicit
canonical obedience
66 At a Meeting of the Roman Catholic Prelates of
Ireland, held in Dublin on the 2S/ and 24tb of Au-
gust. 1815. the Most Rev. Dr. KELLY, President, the
'following Resolutions were unanimously agreed to:
g• Resolved, That it is our decided and conscientious convic •
tion, that any power granted to the Crown of Great Britain of
interfering, directly or indirectly, in the appointment of Bishops
fee the Roman Catholic Chinch ice Ireland, must essentially in-
jure, and may eventually subvert, the Roman Catholic Religioa
in this country.
" Resolved, That with this conviction deeply and unalterably
Impressed so cur minds' we eboulikoosidev ourselves as betray-
ing the dearest interests of that portion of the Church which the
GA•st has confided to our care; did we not declare OW
*equivocally, that we will at all times, and under all circuatos
=T, deprecate and oppose, in every casonical and connate:
way, any such interference.
,e 6 Resolved, That though we sincerely venerate the Supremo
Pontiff as visible Head tit the Church, we do not conceive that'
tsar apprehensions for the safety of the Roman Catholic Church
is Leland can or ought to be removed by any determination of
Holiness, adopted. or Intended to be adopted, not only with.
sot our concurrence, but in direct opposition to our repeated Rio
eolutiosta and the very energetic Memorial presented on our be.
and so ably eupponed by our Deputy, the Moat Rev. Dr.
Murray, who in that quality vas more competent to inform his
Hollis/en of the real state and interests of the Roman Catholic
Chi.rch In Ireland than puy other with whom he is said to have
minuted.
Resuived, That a declaration of these our notiments,
re-
spettful, firm, and decided, be transmitted to the Holy
which, we trust, will engage his HOltnew to feel and acknow-
kedge the justness and propriety of this our determination.
.' Kelowna, That uur grateful thanhe are due, and hereby
ghen, to the Most Reverend Dr.Murray.andthe Right Reverend
Pr. Milner, our late Deppties w Rome, for their zealous and
Mils dbcharge of the trust reposed In then.
OLVICIIKFLI.Ire President.
Xjcbarsl O'Reilly. P. Ryan, Ferns.
J.'l•. troy. • Charles l'iorhy, Limerick.
ileums Bray, Cashel, (Proxy). G. Plunkett, lilphin.
P. kverard, Coad. Cashel. John Murphy, Cork.
D. Murray, Coad Dublin. Patrick M'Mulkn, Down and
11 Pat. los Plunkett, Meath. Conor.
F Wiillam Coppinger, Cloyue. Byrau Marum, Chewy.
Thomas Costello, Cloniert. Peter Mq.ougain, Rapine.
Charles Sughrue, Kerry. James Murphy, Ciugher.
John Power, Waterford. lidniund Derry, Manny.
Charles O'Donnell, Derry. Michael Corcoran, Eictt,. KU.
Jahn o'rtilia, Achonry. • dare and Lelghlln.
Peter Waldron, Kabala. littilauran, Meet, Ardash. .
James O'ahaugbnessy, z Ftreuch, Warden of
Farrel O'Reilly, Kilintore. Galway.
The Dahlia Gianni& informs us among many other'
things, that $6 The very Heavens seemed to partake
of the sensibilities on the earth,. and to sympathise in
the transitions from anxiety to joy. On Wednesday
the morning lowered—the storm gathered.-lightning
and thunder andounced the convulsion which pre-
vailed i—on Thursday abr .and bant sun as.
iffht • •rilli
sunied its cheering station, announcing to the green
Isle the approach of lierjoy."
Now this is really very prettil But_ might we not
be as good' astrologers, tied my, that the very Hea-
vens expressed their anger at the ingratitude of Irish-
yen and the • treachery di Jibli Catho4l, in *fretting
eendesnit what in their souls they aproved.

_

SOUTH AMERICA.
.• . -

• ••••••• •

TO TIM EDITOR OP THE STAR. •

St prelent time forms nne bf those rem-ok
abl.: eras which cannot(ail u. •:tfluence the worislio
every lutnre age. Wilde hlf.narchy reigns trium-
ph:lnt in Europe, new Rep.:blics ate !king i.t Aut--
ric„a-a-and that struggle which has overt Urned the am-
aspirer to uuivers ii dominion in t urope, isAs
Inc& aced a revolution which is separating Spain from
ice Colonies. A counliy immense in czwnt, and :no..t
valuable for its natural productions, which have he: It
bit!icrtt4 u4l.lss to the world, ti ni the jeal9trsy of :he
3panish Covernnient, is !itisv isiN). lute notice, and
is likely to heir a distingu,shed and noble pa,
amongst the nations of the world. America,
AO be-
coming an asylum for the unfortunate vi.tims of per.
secution and adversity, will receive, at the same time.
civilination, and Kill acquire stren...t:t to shake ~if
the shackles of despotism and barbarity. Tile revo-
lution in America began is MO. But the Nee.-
World has hitherto excited little interest, and the
wars agzinst Bonatta tax, which have deluged Euroi e
with hood, have fixed the attention of every nation
on Fiance, that point from which danger seemed u::i•
versally to threaten. Tae affairs of Atneii,a nage
been repeatedly mentioned in the daily pe, ers. but
being spoken of in a detached and vague minter,
have been very hale understood. My inteation is to
give a sketch of this Revolution from its commence-
ment, and she* the progress this widely exten-
ded. Continent is making in its emancipation ;rem
slavery. IF you will favour me by allowing these pe-
riodical-insertions in your Paper, I shall be happy
making it the medium of such informatioa to the
, world t—and I shall be enabled constantly to tran-
smit to you the very earliest intelligence frcm thz
New World. VA P.R1.111 CAPLAN.
-.40 We are much obliged to this Cnnespondent
for his kind oder, and shall feel great pleasure in
giving the sketch which he promises a place in the
Columns of the STAR.
From the above short introduction we are persua-
ded that he attaches to the subject that importance
which it merits. It is one embracing so many inte-
resting considerations, that passion and individual
feeling should, as much as possible, be eicluded from
the detail ; and, it .10 managed, it cannot tail to en-
lighten, and to hate considerable influence on the
future condition not of Anierita only but of the world.

. NVIVAL INTELLIGENCE.
EAST INDIA SHIPPING:

The THALIA, private ship, passed Portsmouth clt
Wednesday night for the Efowns—she left Bengal the
16th April, and St. Heleua the 17th July. The skips
SURREY, LADY CASTLEREAGH, COLDSTREAM, LAM.
KINS, and ANN, were at St. Helena when the TUALiA
sailed.

Voirrs2Ovirt,4tlsr 31.—Arrived the Francisco,
from the, Braails ; Indi:in Oak, Trirattobr, from*.the
towns; and the Thalia, LYLLR, from Bengal. Sailed
the Ceres, SCHROEDER, for Memel.—Wind W.
rLYMOVIII, A tGUST 30.—Came in the Property.
GRONER, from Jersey ; and William, from Optati.s.
Wind S.W.
HAnwictr, AUGUST 31.—Arrived the 'Active
packet, from Gottenbarplo, and Lord Nelson packet..
from Cuxhaven, Kith Miils.;—Wind W. •
DEAL, AUG. S I .--Arriired bis Majesty's ship New-
came from America, lest from Portsmouth.; Etiv:a-
beth, from Waterford; Alfred,•tredr Demarara ; and
Ethalion, from Bengal, and have sailed for the River.
Arrived the Resource and Nestra transports, from
Harwich.— Wind S.W. '

SPORTING INTALLIGENa.

EGHAM RAVES-AUGUST 31.

Sweepstahes of sop. each, Sngs. fr. to two-yr. al colts t colts,
est. Mb.; fillies, Sat. Mb. Two-yr. old course. 8 Subscriber'.
Lord Stawell's c. by Ruben. . . , 1
Mr. Starling's b. c. by liedley - ..
Mr. Smith's e. by Worthy
Mr. Forth's br. c. by Dick Andrews .-*
Mr. Pearce 's b. e. Lion, by Teddy Grinder
Mr. °albeit's b. e. by Sr. An der° ' . . . 4
Seven to 4 apt the Wortbicat ; 5 to S ipt. Lion ; IR to A
agit. the winner.
The Town. Plate of £5O, for all ages; the winner to brook! for
SOOss. if komanded, &c. Heats, the New Mite. •
General L. Gower'ebr. 1. by Rubens,-Syrs. old. 7u. 71b. I I
Mr. Nrenham's Wilndostoo, 4yrs. old, gat. 101 b.. II S
Mr. Barson's Idle Boy. Syn. old, 9st. 416.
Two to one and three to one on General Gower's filly?

•, II

The whole of yesterday was busily employes by
.
the London :Name* extraordinary, in preparing for
this day's ‘4l blood-stained field." .By two o'clock
scarcely a rusty fowling-piece was to'be seen in any
of the old iron shops, and shooting-shoes and pilsltin
hat covers experienced a rise of nearly
.20 per cent.
LUCKY DAYS.--430NAPARTE was a great observer
of lucky and unlucky days s of the, latter description
there are three,- all eighteenths, which he will not
easily forget, namely, the 18th of I)cteber, 1•812,
when he BA from Mostow ;* the 18th of Octoligi,
1819," whet he fled from Leipzig ; and the 18th of
June, 1815, when he was totally defeated,and.ded at
the memorable battle of Waterloo. ' :
INVARIAILZTRUTII.--iDeMOCra;S anddeiriagognes
are the most bitter and unforgiving of all enemies.
The Managers of the Winter Theatres have al-
ready, it seems, received no less than niady-seven Tra-
gedies, Comedies, Operas, Farces. Melo-Dramas, and
Pantomimes, intended. by-the Awhors, for represen-
t/60D, during the ensuing season.
Lord CASTLEREAGH inquiring of F.4.7cne whether
it was the intention of the French Govet nment to pro-
cecd against 'any of the remaining traitors ? Foccos
leconically replied, 44 Ney."
The last letters from Corfu- announce, that there
are moy,ements in that island which threaten its Iran-
qu;llity.
..
It has been stated in several of the Papers, that the,
Royal George and Cantle, Indiamen, were to par.
teed to Java, to bring back troops to Bengal to rein-
force the imply in Nepaul. The services .of thine
ships have been dispensed with, and transports are to
, supply their place to and from Batavia.
.. .
Conti EZCZIANCIti SEPT. 1: .....,We had but little
English Wheat at market this morning, yet the soles
were heavy, at-last Monday's prices, having but few
buyers.—Oats are rather.dekrer, owing to the shtnt-
; ilea Qf the .suppljr.-4n Peas, Beane, and other arti-
cles, these is EWAKIMItieII.

1!
,:.

.:.

MAD 110USAS.
BE CHLEM 'ASP! rm..

EXTRACTS FROM TIIE EVIDENCE GIVEN BEFORE A COM..

MITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF COMMON&
Elizabeth Forbes examined.
You are the matron of liethlem Hospital ?—I am.
How long have you been in that situation ?—I was
elected the 26th of Jattuat y •
Were you in any situation before that with respect
to the care of insane persons ?—Never : I never saw
;an insane pet till 1 wept to riethlem Hospital; I
commenced the duty the lA, of February.
How many female patients have you under your
care at present ?—Sixty-six at plesent ; the number is
&If Tent every week.
I low many persons have you under ersonal re.
vraint, considet ;:s blanket patients?--When I went
there first them wine about It or 15.
How many ate there now i—Abcut four or five.
These blanket patients ate chained to the wall in
the day-rooms —l'll general they are;- when I went
there at first they were.
At present the few that are blanket patients are so
fastened to the wall ?—Yes : we have but three.—
One of the female patients ha's been confined a long
time, chained by the leg, as much as five or six
years, I have been told ; and ere have another con-
stantly chained by the hands, that came in about two
months since; two of the other blanket patients are
only chained at times. I have them loose, to walk
about occasionally.
Since you have been in your situation, have you
made many alterations in the managemet.t of the
Hospital ?—As far as I had power. •
What have those alterations principally consisted
in ?—ln having them washed, and having them
cleaned, and their hair cut, and making them as de-
cent as their situations would admit of.

Making them get up ?—Yes, having them brought
into the side room, and letting them walk about;
if they have not been able to walk about without
handcuffs, they have been put on, and taken off af-
terwards.

Do not ;nu know that, prior to your appointment,
persons laid much longer in bed than they do now;
that there were mote persons confined in the day-
room ; that there was more personal restraint in the
hospital ; and that they had not the same liberty of
walking abcut, that they now have ?—Frurn the ap-
pearance in which I found them, when I went there,
in the side room, I have every reason to believe they
were under gt eaterrestraint, and were not up so much.
Is the allowance of food to the women the same as
to the men ?—Just the same, I believe.
Have you adopted any plan of separation, or is
there any accommodation to seplrate the noisy from
the quiet ?—No, that is impossible ; we CAnnot sepa-
rate tht m.

Have you any dottl.t respecting that noisy person
whom you spoke. of, titm her coatplsints arc greatly
-irritated by the number of persons going to see her
I.Bhe is very irritable if strangers go there; she is
very irritable; she is very healthy in appearance, and
is a very fine looking woman ; site laughs and is
pleased when I tell her I will take the chains off, and
says, I do not mean it. •
Have you ever learned she was violent and outra-
feous turthet than abusive never saw any thing
urther.

Have you ever beard that she attempted, prior to
her confinement in Bethlem, or since, any act of vio-
lence on herself ?-1 never heard of it. _ _

Can you state to the Committee what h the pro-
parti.n of dirty patients to clean ones. cut of that
66 ?-1.11/4re have very few that I can call really ditty
patients: all the blanket-gown patients that were in
the bide room when I went there, were stated to be
dirty patients.
Did yonfind them so ?—I found some of them so.
But not all ?—Not all.

lou found some of those clean who had been con.
fined At being dirty ?-LI found some of those that
1 found in the bide room able to walk about, and
therefore did not consider it necessary to Seep them

tnve.
youiconsider the number of dirty patients, since
you have been in your situation, and made that alters•
Con, consider: hi) lessened ?—Yes, they look butter,
and they look more healthy, from walking about.
Thq are also more cl.ce.:;ul ?—Yes, some of them :
wherever I see one that will admit of walking about,
l always let her.
And iL has generally answered ?—Yes, it has.
Have you not a patient in Bethlem by the name of
Miss Stone ?—Yes, Miss Anu Stone.
She was confined in the side roar., and a blanket-
patient, when you came there ?—Yes ; I asked the
reason of ter being always confined to the wall ; I
was told she was vet), troublesome and tore her
clothes; that she had a good many good things sent
to her; hut they were all torn ; I said I would try
her to walk about ; if she was mischievous, I said I
would have handcuffs; I found she was very quiet,
and I took them cif; I gave her a couple of caps,
!Ind she did not tear them ; she looks better, and very
corafprtable and tidy ; and every time I go round the
gallery, she says, accept my teal thanks for allowing
'roe my liberty. I have sent for clothes for her; and.
I will take her immediately under my own care, to
see that she does not tear them.

I-Live you any doubt, from tl:e situation in whiela
Mist :tune at present is, that when you receive the
clothes :,he will net tear them ?—She promises the
will not ; and if I can judge from a cap l'have given
her, which I have seen her wear for the last three
weeks or a month, 1 have every reason to suppose
she will not.

The other persons whom you have released, have
tl;t the same advances as Miss Stone ? One
that I have walking about, has not sense to know
exactly what she should do to be grateful I but I let
her walk about.

Then if her mental health is not improved, her
bodily health is ?-.—Yes, I think it is. Then 1 have
another patient, far advanced in a decline; she has
not sense of feel!ng, but 1 let her walk about to mom.
fort her.
Then, from the observations you have made, the
Flan of management which you have adopted, from
• tts success will induce you to continue it ?—Yes.
How often do the medical persons visit thel.ffe.
I nt female wards ?—Mr. Hasktm every day.
flies he visit every cell ?—I do not always go
round with his; I do solottiOns

When you go. noes he do it ?—He generally goes
through the two galleries.
And opens all the doors ?—Tbe keepers always
open the doors as persons pass, to shew the patients
to them ; every body is out of their cells every day,
therefotillhe does not look into the cells.
Does he not look into the cells to see that they are
clean, and in a proper state ?—Yes ; the doors are al-
ways opened by the keepers, that he may inspect
them. 'rhe apothecary is Mr. Haslam ?—Yes.
Mr. Haslam lives at Islington?—He does.
Since you have been matron, have any patients been
ill while he was absent ?—No; we have had two pa-
tients die since I have been there : when one was
taken ill I reported it to Mr. Haslam, and also to
Dr. Monro, who attended her during her illness. She
laid about a fortnight before she died.
How often does Dr. Monro visit ?—He attends
the committee every Saturday; he never missed
since I have been there.
Does he visit the patients then ?—lf there is any
case reported to him, heodoes.
But he does not go round, like Mr. Haslam ?
No, not without there is a case which requires attest.
Lion ; if the case is not reported to him, he does
not ko.
Do they always report if a person is unwell, or
only in particular cases ?—When they have a fever,
or are in a decline, or in a dangerous state, we re-
port them.
He does not visit those who are ill in bodily health,
unless they are specially reported to him ?—No.
How long is it since be has personally inspected
the female patients ?—He was through the tamale
gallery last Saturday.
Pritr to last Saturday, how long is it since he has
been there ?—1 cannot say.
How long do you think ; a month, two months,
or three nu ?—I think it may have been a month.
Wizen he went through last Saturday did he see all
the patients?—kle went expressly to visit a patient
last Sii:4ll day.
But be did not see all the other patients ?—They
were all walking about the galleries.
Since you have been matron, have you yourself
seen it, or have you heard, that Dr. Monre was in
the habit of personally inspecting the situation of
each patient at any given period ?—I have never
heard it.

. And' ou have never seen it ?—No ; there are pa-
tients who have been in some time, and that have not
had any thing done fur them.
You mentioned a person who was sick ; how often
d 7.1 he attend her,—the last that died ?—I believe he
did not see her at all ; she was not reported to him.
I reported.her to Mr. Haslam, and begged him to
see her; and said, I thought she could nor live long.
She d,ed of a decline, I believe. Mr. llaslam gave
her powders,, and that was all that was done, I be.
lien. Mr. Hasiem did not report her case to Dr.
biotin) site was confined to her bed a fortnight.
How often did Mr. Haslam see her in that fort-
night ?—Every day, I think, when lie came round.
Did he give her any medicine ?—A powder, when-
ever he thought it was necessary. I asked if she had
mcd:clne several times, and the keeper said she had
a powder.
Do you consider, it part of your duty to see the
administration of medicine ?—I have never seen any
me. icine but a powder brought in to be administered.
Have they begun bleeding in your ward since you
became matron ?—We have not had a female bled
since 1 have been there.

Nor physicked ?—No; there has been a powder
given to one or two of thee, if the keeper has asked
tor it. _ _

What do you mean by, if,the keeper has asked
for it ?—.lf a female complains, the ketp-r says, 'she
wants a powder for her.
Do you remember a person in the hospital by the
name of Snail Payne ?—There was such a person.
How long is it since she left the hospital ?—Sbe
came soon after I went, and she was there I think,
about six weeks or two months, to the best of my
recolleCtion.

In what state was she ?—She was in a very low
state when she came, but she WAS much worse before
she went.

Was she violent ?--When she came she had been
in a strait waistcoat, but when she came to us she
was without restraint; the keeper thought it neces-
sary to chain her, from which she Was in a great
state of irritation, and was discharged. •
Was she chained in consequence of the order of
Mr. liaslam ?—The keepers generally have the dis-
cretion of sluing that.
Vas it you that ordered her to be chained ?
Never.

1410 you know whether, the keepers consulted Mr.
Haslaui, as to the necessity of chaining her ?—She
used to go and rattle at the gate, and push at the
gate ; she was extremely troublesome, and the
keepers chained kr.

You stated she WAS discharged, do you know where
s'.e was discharged to think the went to one of
the private houses, to Bethnal-green.
Was it not Miles's at Horton?—lt was.

While she was with you had she any paralytic at-
tack ?She was much worse when she went back
than whet she came; she was more violent and un-
happy and distressed, always asking if she was going
to be murdered, and such things; Mr. Haslam
thought she was paralytic.
Had she a fit ?-1 never knew her have a fit.
No contraction of limbs ?—No.
No want of articulation ?—No, not'at all; but she
was always kept handcuffed lately, and chained.
She was sent out in a considerably increased state
of violence, than when she carne in ?—Yes ; which
Mr. Haslam attributed to a paralytic.
Was she strong ?—Very strong a it required three
or four people to move her ;, she was brought to the,
side room every day, but there was great'difficulty in
moving her, she wanted her liberty I believe.
How many female keepers are there ?—Two.
Do you consider the number of keepers sufficient ?
—We are very much deficient in all female servants
in 'that house, bin it will be altered by and by.
Since you have been there, have the female patients
appeared to suffer from cold ?--No, they have not ;
I always take care that they have clothing et night.
Prier to your coming there, there were instances of
their being naked ?—Yes; 1 once found Miss Stone
as, but I desired her to have a gown immediately.
Have you not. beard that• persons confined there
have sal to their liaabotrom the cold heed

--
0 •

. • a

we have a person a cripple now, whose limbs are an.
'contracted that she can only crawl, from sitting con:
stantly.
Have you not heard that the female patients have.
suffered considerably from cold in their confinement ?
—I have heard that they have generally been naked'
at night.
The windows in the cells are not glazed ?—Only a
part of them ; but there are shutters which keep out
all the air at night.
In case of any patients under your care becoming
ill in the night, you probably would get no medical
assistance for such patient till Mr. Haslam came in
the morning ?—At night every patient is con fined ;
and any dangerous patient who would do any mischief
to herself, is locked by the hand in bed ; they c.in
turn to do any thing they wish.
Mr. Hallam leaves you in the evening ?—lie for-
merly resided in the building ; he had a house there
till part of the building was taken down, and since
that he has lived at Islington, and goes there every
evening after he has been through the gallery.
That is about what hour ?---He stays about an
hour.

What time does he gO away from Bethlem ?—Some-
time he comes at twelve, and sometimes at one.

Having staid an hour, he goes away ?—Yes ; it
may be less or more than an hour.
You are totally without medical assistance until his
return next day ?—Yes.
is there a house to be provided for him in the sew
building ?—Yes ; there is a :loose for the medical
man immediately in the centre of the building.
1)1 any of the Governors of Bethlan enter into
the internal management •of the house ?—No ; there
is a Committee every Saturday, and the Commi.tee
sometimes.go round and inspect the house ; they in-
spect all thefood, all the provisions every Saturday,
and every thing of that sort ; they taste the beer
and the milk, and examine the butter, and things of
that sort.

Do they look into every cell ?—No; they go round
the gallery to see that the people ale taken care of,
and that they are as comfortable as their situations
will admit of.

You mentioned two .persons who died, one died of
a decline; what did the other die of --431 a para-
lytic affection.
Did that take place in the day or in the night ?
Died early in the morning.
Was it a sudden attack ?—She was ill ten days';
Dr. Mourn visited her twice during her illness.
Did Mr. Haslam liee her ?—Yes, with Dr. Monro,
and every day.
Are the female attendants within hearing of them
during the night ?—They sleep in the gallery.
So that any patient suffering may make herself
heard ?—Yes ; and if the keepers hear a noise of a
night, they get out of bed to see what it is. .

Thursday se'nnigtit M iry Fitzmaurice, for some
cause, pretended that she wouLl drown herself t,) vez
a man, with whom she was in company on Kyrl's.
Quay, Colic, but she accidentally slipped into the
river, drawing with her the man, and a fernaL• who
WAS also of the party, both of whom were saved, but
the unfortunate gill was drowned.
Tuesday, a fine boy, 10 years of age, was drown"
while bathing, a few yards from the foot of Black-
friar's-Bridge.
CORONER'S IxQuzsTs.—An Inquest was held on
Wednesday, at the White Lion, in Hemming's-row,
on the body of James Jervis, a youth nineteen years
of age, apprentice to Mr. VALPY, printer., of 'honk's-
court, Chancery-lane, who was droned List Sa-
turday evening, as he and some other lads weie bath-
ing in the river Thames, near Somerset-house. The
body was discovered aboUt five o'clock on Tuesday
evening, in the mud, near Hungerford stairs, and
carried to St. Martin's Workhouse. Verdict—zit-d-
-i denial Death.

Same evening an Inquest was held, at the M
borough Head, Bishopigate-street, on the body of T.
Jones, a boy about twelve years of age, who died in
consequence of falling fruit behind one • of the
Hackney stages, when the spikes penetrate.t his head.
as detailed in our Paper of Wednesday. Tne coach-
man explained that there were a number of spikes
along the axletree and on the perch, but there was a
place behind where the boy might sit free from them,
and it probably was in attempting to fix himself that
he fell under the body, and received the mortal
wound. In this opinion the Jury concurred, and re-
turned a Verdict—Accidental Death.

An Inquest sat yesterday on the body of the man
who .was shot in Dlr. WILSON'S garden, at Hamp-
stead, and, after hearing several witnesses, returned a
verdict of—Jury:idle Hosucidr.—The deceased had
the appearance of a seaman.
Wednesday night a garden robber was wounded
by a spring gun in a garden at Grove- lace, Mile
end. The blood was traced at some distance, but the
man was enabled to get away:
At the Appleby Assizes, a young woman, named
Missy ildne*Jrnlinron, was sentenced to death, for
stealing six heifers ; she was, however, reprieved, And
ordered to be imprisoned two years.

We are informed that Dr. Cooecn, and three emi.
nent Surgeons, of SU years experience in Stricturer.
Fistulas, Debilities, &c. &c. have established a Medi-
cal Board at Charlotte-house, Great Charlotte-street,
opposite ROWLAND HlLL's`Chael, Blackfriat's-road,
where the public are relieved from the most dangerous
diseases without salivation or confinement. The In-
stitution claims the attention of those who may have
attempted the cure of themselves, or who hare been
so unfortunate as to consult men ignorant of so im-
portant a branch of the profession, whose improl.er
treatment have mercurializecl thousands out ot• their
existence—et uptions on the head, Lice, and body, sere
eyes, throat,mouth, and nose, vertigo, noise in theears.
deafness, dimness of sight, often ending in Wind-
oess ; pains in the head and limbs, frequently mis.
taken for rheumatism ;extreme weakness in the knees,
swelled ankles, with a general debility, &c. are only a
few sidle dreadful symptoms which freqnentlyappear
years after, and too often embitter the matrimonial
state. Messrs. COOPER and Co. are consulted daily by
all ranks of people, from ten till eight, or by letter, in-
closing a fee (for no others are answered), stating
their case, when medicine and the best advice is sent
to all parts of the kingdom. They also cure the
piles and fismla, without burning or cutting, ioicl
give advice gratis, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sub-
' day Mornings, till twelve o'clock. • •
4." •

