THE EVENIN6 STAR.

LON DON.

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1828.

PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Dank Stuck India Bond. 86
3 per Cent. Ited. 851 1 South &Ns Stock
3 per (7t. Cum 86$ a 014 Annuities
3$ per Cent. 3 ptr Cent. 1751
31 per Ceut..lied.94l 4 41000 leackei. Bias 76 S
4 per Ct. New.lo2l 4 .f. 500 Ditto 76 5
4 per Cent. 1826, Aloe and £2uo Ditto 77 8
Long Ann. 19 5.141 4 India fur Acct.
India Stuck 954 Consols for Acct. 86i 4
FOI(KION FUNI)S, TWO al:Lot:IL
Brazilian lids. 5 pCt. I Pdwtug.llds.SyC.
Do. Ac.t. 641 On Acct. 551 I
.
• oinn.l.l.lst lid., 6 per Ct. Russ. 6415.1822, 5 pCt.
Do.Dontls,lB24, 181 Do. Acct. 97.1
Omar!' lids. 3 pCt. 614 Sp.onAli lid. 5 p Ct.lol j
BUITISU AND I'IIIIIHG N SIIA It I.S, TWO O'CIMCK
snore. PAM.
35 24) 63
2.; 5 30
40 ;8 16$
100 10 214

Bra aill4n

Irina Naticnal
Coined Mexican
Guardian Fire Ass.

In calling the attention of our Readers to the ref or of
the proceedings of the Brunswick Club in Dublin, given
in our preceding columns, we wish to offer some observa-
tions: the spirit of ft eedom,which seemed to have depat ted
from our Protestant bretht en in Ireland has at last awoke,
and spoke trumpet•tongoed—that spit it seems to say,
and to say it emphatically, " that Ireland shall not
be the slave of a Popish faction—shall not be trampled
on by bullying lawyers, and made the mart where
hypoctisy thrives and honesty starves r But shall the
voice of Ireland—of Protestant Ireland—be only re-
echoed among her own mountains? Shall not that
voice be wafted across the ocean, acrd find its response
in the breast of eve' y genuine Bt icon ? Where are our
County Meetings? Oar Noblws must speak out—our
revered Priesthood must raise their voices—Popery
rears her blood stained banners, its motto "Ascendancy
and slavery." Shall this be beheld by Englishmeo,
and shall not their hand involuntarily attempt to
gtasp a sword to push this intruder Popery from
our altars and our homes ? Well, indeed, might
BONAPARTE call us a " Nation of Shopkeepers." if vie
will not prove that we can be at home a nation of bold
Yeomen in defence of the liberty of our religious opi.
nions, as wcll as we posed ourselves to be a nation
of warriors in Spain, and Pottugal, and France and
Waterloo, in defence of political fueedom and national
honour.

The Getman Papers receive.l this morning contain
no advices from the theatre of war. An.aiticle from
Vienna. in speculating on the probable causes that led
to the capture of Vona, reiterates the defection of
JUSSUIf PACHA, as standing the most prominent. The
following are extracts :

VIENNA Ocr. 27.

The Russian Bulletins relative to the tall of Varna prove that
the preceding accounts front Belgrade and Widdin of an unsuc-
cessful attack made by the Russians on the 7th, though exaggerated,
were not wholly unfounded. But then it is also certain that the
only disadvantage that accrued to the Russians from it was, that
they were obliged to leave Varna again the same night, and that
Itherefore the second part of the Turkish Bulletins that were
published at Belgrade and Widditt was a mere fiction. However,
without being in possession of the official Turkish Bulletins, which
may perhaps be expected front Constantinople. we can already con-
jecture;as private letters affirm, that the Albanian, Jima Puha,
the second in command at Varna, either did not do his duty, or at
the least acted in concert with the besiegers. Even the Russian
Bulletins seem to intimate as much.

FI.ORENCE, OCT. 16.

It isunderstood that negotiations are carrying on at Rome for a
Concordat with the kingdom of Portugal, which will probably be
framed on the principles of that already made with Bavaria, and
which the Holy See appears to have much at heart.
It is also said that a Concordat wit► another great Northern
State has been proposed, the bads of which are shortly expected in
Rome. The affair of the French Bishops will furnish many occa-
sions for disputes, and increase the iuluence of the Roman Court
at France, because the French Government and the Ukrainuntane
party in France rival eac► other is► striving to gain the favour of
the Papal See, for the accomplishment of their respective objects.

AUGSBURG, Om 51.

His Royal Highness Prince Leopold of Baze Cobol.' arrived
at Munich on the 19th, on his way to Italy.
Several German Journals report, soder the head of Hanover,
20th October, that the long announced military occupation of some
districts of Brunswick, in case the Duke would net be induced to
make any concession to the King, his law guardian, has now taken
place, Hanuvrrian troops having, entered the district of Theder.
disown on the 12th October.—dflgemenw &aunt, Aim. 1.

The Paris Papers of Wednesday contain no intelli-
gence from the armies in Turkey that has not been
anticipated through other channeh, and their other po-
litical news are of the most meagre description. From
Toulon it is stated that a telegraphic dispatch had

orJei ed a ship IT dielifie to i t.. ;he of
was to tarry out the feMAIR 'ler of t'le persorthel awl
siateriel of the expedition to that quarter. It tri.
dered probable by this circumstance,that the stay tithe
French forces in the Morea will be prolonged heyr.r,4
the period which has been mentioned. The Jogr.
sal des Debate, in an article of great length, cost.
tends that in the event of the struggle between Itu.sii
and Turkey continuing to the advartAge of the fame%
the security of Aitstri4 mill necessarily be ribbed by
land, and the security of &end by sea.

The eurulifsdionnid states, the war brtween the King
of NAPLES and the Dad of TRIPOLI has been terminated
by a Treaty, according to which the former is bound,.
pay a certain tribute to the Dey.
CITY, Twer.ve o'CLocit.

The strong prevailing Easterly wind prevents us from receivisq
any arrivals this morning of consequence, and we are very baud
of intelligence.

The Ktuo:a health being improved, and his having paid a visit
to Windsor Castle, has rather improved the Consul market. rms.
sots opened this morning at MI buyers, at which price they gy
main at present, with a very firm market.

We undentanJ, by letters from the South of Ireland, that die
run there on the branch Banks hate entirely crated; and that the
million of sovereigns which was sent to their assistance areea•
petted back again.

A French courier passed through Vienna en the lath of Oa.
tabu, for Constantinople.

The Foreign market at present is entirely void of the kw
interest.

CITY. lIALILPAST ONIC O'CLOCK.
The Comol market is looking up, and Consols are at 661 I foe
the Account, at which price they may be quoted at preant.
In the Foreign market little is doing, except in Portugeese &ode
which bas improved about e per cent.

_~_

Dispatches were received this morning at the Colonial
Office from Lieutenant-General Daman% Governor of
New South Wales.

THE ARMY.

Detachments of invalids belonging to the 524, 74th, Slit, ittei
96th Regiments of Fuot, and the Rine Ilrigade, have arrived at the
Invalid Depot, at Chatham, from Halifax. Detachments of Inva-
lids belonging to the 22d, 33d, 77:h, 84th, and 91st itegiments if
Infantry, and the 2.41 West India Regiment, have arrived at the
Invalid Depot at Chatham, from Jamaica. Detachments of In-
valids belonging to the 28th, 51st, and Regiments of the Line,
and the Rile Brigade, have also arrived at the Invalid Depot at
Chatham, from the Reserve Companies at l'aetionuuth. Detach-
ments of the 10th, 11th, and with lie:intents of Foot embarked en
the 30th ultimo, us board the Neva transport, for (on es.
Commission in the 4d Regiment of Royal Surety Militia, signed
by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Surrey.
George Oakley Saunders, Cent. to be. Elifiign._ _

_ .
Commission in the Edinburgh Regiment of Militia, signed by doe
Lord Lieutenant of the City and County of the City of Edinburgh.
Janice Ritchie, Rs+ to be (7apudti, vice Skinner, deceased.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Man.s Altana) Tats DAY.—Dublin I—Waterfard I.

Poassuutren, Nov. 7.—Wind S. to E.S.E.—Arrived the Mew
of Coburg, trams, from Tobago, in is drys. On the lith October
experienced a dreadful hurricane of the Western Wands, which
lasted eight hours, sad was succeeded by a heavy gale, which ecow
slaved till the leth, during which she lost sails, bulwarks, /M.
Arrived the Hurgess, from Leghorn ; and Mary, from Tenerife.
Amman', Nov. I.—Wind S. to S.W.—Arrived the Lustre.
Tools, from Ricbebucto. Sailed the Ales, HALL. for Cadiz.

Illaitaave. Nov 7.—The Castkreagb, (maw Bristol • London.
got oa Margate Sand this morning, but was assisted off. with Iwo
of an anchor and cable Once recovered), and proceeded.
Coats, Nov. 4.—The Buhl. Wilmot, from Inverness to Ross,
was seized on her passage on Friday, for having a ossisidorabie
quantity of tobacco concealed on board.

raow tun eirsomrs imam t.. N. 6.
The Bramble cutter, Lieutenant Haswell. sailed sn Monday
evening with a number of medical assistants and a large gewgaw
of camp equipage, for Gibraltar.
In Hamm**, the Britannia, Warspite. Trinculo, Dispatch, Spey,
Cygnet, and Asp; in the Sound, Herald, Nightingale, Antelope.
