WEST INDIA COLONIES.

At a Meeting of blanufaeturem. Traders, Ship Osners, and others,
especially connected with the made to the West India Colonies, held at
the Jamaica Coffee House, Cornhill, on Tuesday, the 10th January,
MI, for the purpose of considering the propriety of petitiesiog Par-
liament for a fair and just protection of the various British ir 't-
reats Involved in the trade with thaw CoLoiles. in the mope.% of
any legislative manor,' for the emancipation of the Slave Popniation,
the following Petition to the Honourable House of Commons was one-
Mmously adopted :
"To the Honourable the Commons of the Unl'rd Kinplom of Great
Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled.
" The Petition of the undersigned Alanufacturers, Trader., Ship
Owners, and other esseemed in the production and export, from the
Port of Logsdon, of the various supplies required for the use of the
British West India Colonies;
"811MWZT11—
" That your pethimem are deeply interested In the preservation and
prosperity 011ie West India Colon* many of them having large eapi.
tale embarked In their respective occupations, whereby employment is
afforded tosl!enes!ds of assiotens, semen, labourers, anti others.

"That k has, therefore, bees with .uprise and alarm that your
tide..,. ham visioned the attacks made throughout the alum ry on all
the biteents osoiseted with these Colonies, by the persevering (Worts
employed M ahti Potidene to your Honourable Home, praying f.r
the hamillMe sad salsolilled emancipation of all the Slaves in his
Alen" distisime.
Thee ye. petitioners are thoroughly convinced that the adoption or
such a ovens% knead of improving the condition of the Slave popu.
WWI, would trainee them to misery and destitution, involve them in
anarchy, awl eventuall terminate in thrir relapse into barbarism, or
their total annihilation; that it would came the entire destruction of all
property in die West ladle Colonies; would email utter luta upon
many, and kaki deep injury upon all yam petitioners; while it would
aggravate the dimness die labouring classes in this country, by de.
prising theism& of kisitektus indivkluah of their accustomed m-
in the peedseiles and manufacture of articles of export to
the Wert ladies
'" TIM especially wised, by the awful example of St. Domingo, of
the dossers ateesdiet eie the sudden removal of the restraints et Slavery
Mat a MOW'S ampsprei for the reception of die blessings Ot fre
dam. es Mood he the destruction of life and rarity, and die snow-
MOO amain of tealtivolles in that island, your petitioners solemnly
implore your illemiarable Ileum only to adopt Mtil`latil for the float
esimelpideset the Man peptilodosi in the spirit of the wise, temp.
raw, Neil boning vailm et your Honourabk House on this sub.
jeet, et the 18th Slay, 188$, Is the propriety of which resolutions your
petitioners fully emcee.
" Your Petition's, dissehre, pt ay, that in accordance with the sell
Iteeplutiotte, your Ifosessable noun will refuse your amuse to every
proposition toe hasty awl unqualified emancipation; and that in any
enactment fee periasing the sisal abolition of slavery, the well being
of the slaves may he eastred, by effectual measures ter ametioratiog they,
condition ; the rights of the Cohabits to property acquired under the •
sanction of the lace of the land, may be protected by jost and equitable
compeasatioa ; and the interests of your petitioners be preserved trusts
uttntleetruction by the adoptiao of such a cautious and prudent tours^
in respect toot:Feral lasereeta of the Colonies. as may at least afford
time for the sal master of the capital and indu•try of your pets.
donne into staunch.
At the same time, a similar Petition was agreed ea to the Hume of
Lords

The Petitions will lie foe signature' at the Jamaica Corry House
until hasuelay, the 49th instant, inclusive.

gLECTION OF CH A M MIRIAM OF LONDON—(This D•Y )

Th. election to the lucrative office of Chamberlain, ren-
dered vacant by the death of W. Clarke, Fag. commenced at
one o'clock this day at the Guildhall. The Candidates were
Alderman Sir J. Shaw, and Alderman Waithmae. The
friends of both parties mustered uncommonly strong, and no
doubt exists that the contest will be a long and arduous one.
The Lord Mayor having taken his place on the hustinge,
surrounded by the Court of Aldermen, and its Law Officers :

The Recorder opened the business by announcing to the
Livery the nature and importance of the privilege they had
assembled to exercise. Sir Charles Price proposed Aldeiman
Sir James Shaw ; 4r. De uty Routh seconded the nomina-
tion. Mr. Blackett proposed Alderman Wsithmsn, which
was seconded, and the Candidates each addressed the Lit ery.
and declared their determination to discharge the duties of the
office to which they aspired, if elected, with fidelity and zeal.
Each also pledged himself to vacate the aldermanic gown,
if elected. On a show of hands being taken, it was declared
by a small majority in favour of Mr. Alderman Waithmaa.
A poll was immesiiately demanded on behalf of the other
candidate; and the contest was proceeding when we went
to press.

Yesterday the despatches for Bengal and Chinn, by the
ship Lady Melville, Captain Robert Clifford, were (nosed
et the East India-Levee, awl davit."' to the Purser el
that ship.
