-.oice of M. Perier; a courier from Petersburgh
had brought the news, of which we have already
appreciated the value. To-day, it is the speedy
conclusion of the affairs of Belgum which is an-
nounced ; all is settled on the side of Prince
Leopold, and the conference of London : there only
requires one small formality more—a mere bagatelle
—the consent of Belgium,whicb will not be refused
at least as we think ! Tomorrow, without doubt, we
shall be told that " every thing gives us reason to
hope" the submission of Don Miguel, to the con-
ditions imposed by the French Cabinet, after to-
=new, that the executions of Bologna, of Parma,
.3f Modena, have slackened in their activity—that
-he dungeons where Italian patriots groaniwill be
)pened—that Austria has withdrawn her troops—
that the Pope has secularised his administration,
ad !riven guarantees to his faithful subjects—all
:)y the intervention of Pd. de Saint Aulaire. The
:fusion n ill perhaps last twenty-four hours : it
does not require more for the distant departments
to make their elections, under the influence of the
high opinion which the Moniteur will have given
them of the politital skill of M. Perier, and of
~he marvellous results which it daily produces.
It is much to have in these conjectures so de-
cisive, twenty-four hours advance upon their adver-
saries, and two or three days advance upon events.
The movements of troops towards the Belgian
frontiers is denied, when it is notorious that the
greatest activity reigns in the department of war,
that orders have been given, regiments put in
march for the formation of the army of observa-
tion of the North, which we have announced seve•
ral days, without its having been yet contradicted.
The Moniteur has told us lately the conferences was
more united than ever; and we see to-day, in the
evening ministerial journal, that the Belgian ques-
tion will be resolved by the agreement of France
and England, in spite of the support which Holland
flatters herself with obtaining from Prussia, and
in spite of the great interest of Russia to delay
the conclusion of the affairs of Belgium. These are
contradictions which it would be as well to avoid,
Then the ministers wish at any price to engage
France to proceed to the elections, with a senti-
ment of complete security upon all the great ex-
ternal affairs.—Journal du Commerce.

July is the month of the French people—the
month of the tri-colour of glorious anniversaries !
It has proved that which the people can do ; the
lesson remains, always terrible, always lost. When
they had ingeniously formed themselves a govern-
meat; when they had entangled artfully the most
numerous, and the most manly of the nation, in the
nets of an egotistical legislation, a day arrived—a
day ofJuly—when the people rose and broka these
unworthy chains upon the front of their oppressors.
The 14th of July payed for ages of slavery; then
was tumbled down, with the Bastille, all the
scaffolding of absolute power. The right of the
people became a fact; and the work of freedom
as accomplished. Since that new era, France
lo !s experienced glorious and melancholy days ;
s::e has had brief joys of liberty, and long
~!iir,ries of slavery. Popular rights have been, by
turns., proclaimed and denied, put in practice, or
ranged amongst impracticable theories. Now,
forty-two years after the heroic insurrection of our
fathers, we have singularly retrograded from the
point of departure which they had marked ; and,
notwithstanding example, has not been lost
for us. We hare had, like them, our days of
July—of those days which demolish Bastilles. The
results have not answered the grandeur of the work.
That which the people did alone was grand : that
which was done by their pretended representatives
is most miserable. And now we sum up by regret,
mid we say—" Is this the fruit which we hoped
from so much blood shed ? Is this the whole of the
solicitude which they have for tho misery of the
Fople, and the rights which they caused to triumph?
this all the care which they take of that national
honour, of which the people is so jealous ? A hand-
ful of men (if they were a hundred thousand, what
then ?) beat a Government, made a King, and a
Charter to their fancy : without enquiring about
the popular assent, the Constituents on a sudden
said boldly, that they were the nation, the people,
and logic in their acts, they laboured for them-
selves alone, as if they once accredited the na-
tional sympathies, and the popular interests had
no more wishes to form. Thus what concert of
unpopularity has raised already from all parts
against the new order of things, so much the
tome lively, since it has an ancient suprise to re-
deem! What an anniversary the Government has
prepared for the brilliant days of July ! The 14th
of July (lid not save the Royal power from the
rash enterprise of Varennes and Austrian intrigues.
The ISth July gave also lessons which are for-
gotten. Did it require again that example to
rove, that there is nothing good and national in
our modern governments, but that which is done
b) the people?—La Revolution.
