Fxs. 21.

utesdi yorkiagion,
Avg 100 boobs of the
to bAve WA stolen.
e promediths, abd azarabied

.
Esq. stated that Se `was a spe-
chambers in the Midule Temple;
..extensive and valuable, and he had also
a great quantity of manuscripts. He returned from-
the country on the 6th of February, and was goings
through the Temple when he saw a light in the win-
dow of his own chambers ; he went up and knocked at
thq door, bat receiving no answer, he proceeded down
nails for the porter, and on his return met the boy Sul-
livan coming down with a bag on his shoulder, which
appeared full of books or papers ; the boy was subse-
quently taken into custody along with Chihnan and
Wilson; a warrant was obtained at Bow-street, and an
order to search the premises of Messrs. Torkington, at
No. 93, Chancery-lane, where an immense quantity of
the stolen property was discovered. On entering the
shop the first thing that- attracted /Os attention was a
page of Pickering's Statutes wrapped round a pound of
butter; he bad forty-two volumes i. that work, and
y k
lost seventeen of them ; he could not sa that they were
all safe when he left town, but he lost on the whole
from fifteen to seventeen volumes, besides . quantity of
manuscripts which he intended to publish.
ar Here three baskets, filled with the mutilatedbooks,'
were pro-
duced, and the property was identified by Mr. Moor}, who declared
that the prisoner had borne a most irreproachable actor up to
the time of thi• transaction.
The boy Sullivan, an accomplice in the robbery, was
next examined—he stated that he went td Mr. Moore's
tol chambers on the evening of the 6th of Fe rnary ; Chil-
man and another boy, named Wilson, w re there; they
all helped to tear off thesovers of the ks; the latter
he put into a lawyer's bag, and carried them to Me.
Torkington's shop.. The prisoner Osgood said he would
only give three-halfpence a pound for the paper. The
older prisoner was at the end of the counter, and could
hear what was said. Osgood weighed the paper, and
gave him Sd. fur the first bag full, and the same sum
for a second. He could not say how much the paper
weighed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Attar—He and the other two boys We
Wilke covers. He knew that one of them, named Wilson, denied
this, and said he did no such thing. He sold paper before at FAN&
kin for ad. per lb.

Cozens. a Bow-greet patrol, tall that he west to the house of
Messrs. Torkington with a search warrant. The books and papers
were given up without the least hesitation.
Mr. Walter M.Dowall proved that he was in the habit
of giving 4d. per lb. for worse paper than that pro-
duced, which, if brought to him, he would have von-
sidered as waste paper.
Another boy, of the name of William Wilson, an
accomplice in the transaction, deposed that he was pre-
sent when the work of debtruction was carried on.—
Sullivan tore off the covers. Witness did not do so.—
If Sullivan said he did, he told a he.

Here the prisoners were asked for their defence.
Mr. John Torkington said be bad nothing to do wkb the purchate
of waste paper, be left that to WWII.
Mr. Osgood Torkington declared that, he gave three-
pence halfpenny per pound for the paper, which he
bought in :he way of business..
JJhn Torkington' one of the elder prisoner's sons,
proved that the boy Sullivan received' Ss. Sd. for
eighteen pntinds of waste.piper,",which was brought in
a lawyer $ bag. .
Hainah Barker swore that she Wes in Mr. Tarking-
ton's shop when Snflivan came la to sell the paper.
She heard the younger prisoner say that it weighed
eighteen poundss hii finber put-down 4s: 6.1. bat Sul-
livan said it was not enough. He afterwards went
away content.
Hete the itECORDIR stopped the case, remarking to
the Jury, that he did not think it could be proceeded
in, as there was no evidence against the prisoner but
that of An accomplice. This ought not be relied on,
unless it was confirmed by other satisfactory testimony.
The bad evidence of Sullivan being opposed by such
respectable testimony, he was of opinion that, under
such circumstances, they (the Jury) would not wish to
prolong the case.
The Jury Immediately replied, that the evidence was by no
means conclusive, and that they. were well satisfi.d that both the
prisoners were not guilty.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS COURT.

Thomas Moore, a horse-dealer, was opposed by Mr.
HZATH, for his detaining creditor, Mr. blames.
This case excited an uncommon degree of interest, in
consequence of the singular and improbable cause which
the Insolsent assigned for his appearance in that Court.
Mr. HEATH read the cause from the balance sheet,
which was as follows : " I attributed my insolvency to
my having borrowed 201. of my detaining creditor, in,
the year 1819, for which I have ever since paid interest,
.at the rate of one pound a week, making a total pay-
ment of 3121. for the 201. originally borrowed."
The insolvent was examined viva voce as to the al-
leged payment of the exorbitant interest set forth in
his balance sheet. Notwithstanding the repeated cau-
tion given, the insolvent persisted in the correctness of
his statemeat, and said he paid the 1L a -week either on
a Saturday or a Sunday morning to the detaining'
creditor regularly for six years.
It was afterwards shown that this statement could not be true,
as Mr. Marne is &oat house on those days mule than twenty weeks
M ayear.
The Jadtseent of the Court was, that the Insolvent be remanded
and midland within the walls of the prison for Bight Calendar
Months, at the snit of his detaining Creditor.

The number of BAnkers rutted during December
of the last year, and January of the present, amounts
to eighty-one. They formed twenty-nine' firms, con-
*dusted as under—via. three having one person only;
eight having two persons ; eleven having three ; six
having four; and one having five.
the late THOMAS MOTTSISHAW Esq. of Silkmore
House, near Stafford, has bequeathed the sum of 5,0001.
exclusively to religious and benevolent societies, in-
cluding a gift of 1,0001. to the Bible Society.
At Meetings held at Romsey and Newport lit week,
Petitions to Parliament against slavery ia our colonies
were agreed to.
The letters from Macclesfield and Congleton repro.
sent many thousand of work people to be in a state,
bbillering on starvation.
The Naval Officers of all classes, including Marines,
assossated, in 1817, to 10,415 ; the half-pay and pen:
Om Parable Ins 1,148,8281. 9s. Std. At the present
F , the number is diminished, by deaths and cam-
. , on 8,297, and their half-pay and pensions amount
4080,0811. llis. II&
.Al abet onneivild meeting held in Welsh Hampton,
sear Ellestneke, a noted orator of the former place, in
delheringone of his speeches, struck the table with
such violence that he broke his arm.
