PdkLLIMFSI'4RY PRUCEkLINGS.

1101.13 R OF LORDS, F2I3RUARY 25..

Comae and Evidence were •heard upon OweWs Mom BIM
"'unbar proceeding, weripti.tponeil, to anisetrence of au
ca bm fr .nt the Detepthmt fife a Writ of Error.
ills Rail of LAUPERDA LE moved for a return of all Mon
created, eitabli.hed, ur regulated, wi• bin a certain period. Ordered.
The Malta Trade dill went through a Committee, and the
Report was received.' • -•-•
Mr. I ;mime-row. and others front •itho Coalman'. brought
up the Mai Duty bill; which was read TtraLtivite.—Adjourned
PROTEST 1 • • I"

ACSAIrisT Tar SILL PUS ausraiataa Till !lasts* calms.
Disarmmar—Became it does not appg4r to in 'hate in di
Repurt-of the see'et Committee4ilitte has been silted such a
yese linnitount and pressing anger, es may not be sufiftently
provided against by site possivi. of the sspeutive Government
under the est.teng Law., aqui as requires the Suspension of the
most Important Decurit7 of thel4berty of the Country.
• eueustos 'squeegee, OPTS.
111DfoRD. wILLTSLET•
A Lap mar Lt. TNANKT.
TOL., T. DIOSTINDI.
SUNORIOnT. AUCKLAND.
ALTA NIA T. ST.IOIII.
Sal T. SAT and SILL.
ISSSIL. • • lOSSLTN.
LAUDERDA LS. TASSALL NOLLAND.
HOUSE OF COMMONS. • '
Lard LASCELLI..3 have notiee, that be would, on Monday
nest, stove for lease to bring in a Bill to reader the Proprietors
of Lead Mine* subject so the Posts Rates.
Mr. 1.0 •SIINGI*ON nomed, that • there be laid before the
Newts tenon of the rrodu:e of the Revenue of Recite for ONO
:mouth, ea ling the Sib of F. Imlay, ISIS, the Sib oi February,
3516, said toe Si, of February, 1817, • shrwlag the Produce
olds War Malt Duties, as distinguished frons the others.
1 he Returns were leiriediately laid on the Table, and ordered
to bs printed.

. _
. . .
• PETITIMIII. &C.
Mr. Serjeant ONSLOW presented a ,petition,
Signed by upwards of 2000 licensed Victuallers of the
City of .London and its vicinity, complaining of the
existirg laws respecting the mode of granting licenses.
He understood that an Honourable Member (Mr.
Bennett) intended to move for the appointment of a
Committee to inquire into this subject, and if such
were appointed., he rronld move to have thii petition
referred to it. The petition being read,
Mr. BARCLAY expressed his :satisfaction at
teeing this subject brought before the attention of the
House, as the powers of the. Magistrates ought to be
In we particularly debued.—Trie petition was ordered
to lie on the table. - .
Mr. COURTEN AY brought in a Bill for regn.
. 'Wing the application of money raised li OrShd Jo.
ties in Ireland. The Bill waS:reid a st.. thifi. and!
ordered for a second time en tbyrsday! it* weeks. ,*,
Sir W. GEARY presented i atnion frothlte in-
habitants of Feiressham, in fatourcASl Parliamentary
Reform. L.id on the table.
Mr. ;.tHAW presented petitions from several pa-
.. rishesin Dublin, praying for a repeal of the Window
Tax. The Honourable Member at the same ti ..
gave notice,' that he would, soon after the Easter
recess, call the attention of the House'to these peti-
tions, by movii.g for a Committee to inquire into the
Sate of the Window Tax and Coach Duties. The
petitions were laid on the table.
'Mr. LUSHINGTON broughtiin a 1341 to envied
an Act of the 43.1 of the King, relative to the Ccn-
veyante of Passengers in, Foreign Vessels. The. Bill
' was read a 6rat time, and ordered to be caul a second
time to-morrow.
Lund STANLEY presented petitions from the int.
habitants of Clitheroe and Royston. in favourof Par-
liamentary ItetOint, and a diminution of.tatatien.--
Thi Noble Lord ilsu presented a petition from the
inhabitants of the pariah of Leigh, ut.faeour of a Re-
lator' in Parliament. This petition was fermiy pre-
sented by a NY..le Lord (Cochrane), but was refused
by the Hotter. breams' no signatures had been af.
Seed t.i the same paper with the petition itself. It
did not piiini cot any time for the duration of Perlin-
Mint, but. the Noble Lord Stated hit belief that the
disks of shroud Parliaments. eras generally previlent
*Moog the Reformers of Lancashire...4:lle Noble
-Lord also presented a petition froth the same place,
against the. introduction of any Laws for'llspending
or firterruptingthe.liberty of the pfopl& . 'A staged
that in thkt town, there were no Stienceant, or any
"Ma held their nonsense—(e lepyfi)?-06leppetpsed 3,
persuasion that the present lanhvisrete adequate ‘o o-
we the safety and tranqiiillityff.thectOontryt "The
petitions were severally laid on Ws table, . 4,. ..
Lord MILTON suggested to an-. Honaurable
Friend of his (Mr. Bennett). the propriety of post.
posing to a bake day his Motion that; stood for to-
morrovr, it being desirable to have the undivided
.assadan .of the Howe directed to the important
'imonseses , affecting the liberty and safety of the
country. , • ~
. . Mr. BENNETT acquiesced in the suggestion, for
_however impakapt may have been the nature of his
, motios, it should yield to one on which the liberty or
slavery. of the vziettwy depended. He then put off
his motion till seined ills 6th of March.
Mr. SHAW mowed lee .a Copy of any Report
, made to tire ItisisOotternment, by theCommissiossers
et Paving in the City of Dublin, Melte to Lighting
the Suede wide Gas...-Ordered. , . .
IOSIIIGII WINS. • . •
. ,
• Mt'.. SHARP'S .preseited aßetide 'bons the Ito.
. =and Dealers 'in-Foreign Wine' lease City of
a, complaining of the great deettert of their
tawdry, in consequence of the heavy Teton Wines,
and of the neglect which their Petition ecperioneed
in the last Session of Parliament. lt staved that this
decrease of trade- WifllOt Drily a loss to themselves,
but also as injiity to the retinue,. and that the iiimi-
ilutiost of the tooporidutY daring the last year, in the
:run of London aloft. amoulocd to 1038.0110.
'.The.Petition being read,' .. ,
' Slr.-SHARPE observed, 'that if Welders did not
turn theirfattilnioo to this stsbjecti• he Mould hells
• bistdoty_to bring k immediately Wore the floosie.
tatiod * the House. It was a *object Invalabig dm
unly ankh individoal distress, but alio a socials Slit
it, gm, Truliativy i but he believed it to be onlY•iine
AlitiltlCE. among
_many, of tbo-inteilhettaisemt.
firm& by tire mistakes end iymirmatsgwvoy•
and one proof more of the- netesal or width,
tam* efteislation...—ClieePAree; : ti • , .7iTifi
• Mn. WARE- observed, ib le-dilititightPti
long bees pouting between iltrtirldsh audsPittitt:
gunk Governments. respecting two Ankles ...in the
- Treaty of 1810. 'He Understood that two • points
had been pressed by' the Shish Govemateat—.either
Ott rev of the two Miklos. et, . annulling Of
the whole Tree', and forMation second. He
r.quesild to be iliforFood b 7 .
i lArti oPPO-:
.

'site, whether the P!irtuguese Government concurred
in either of iheae *ors.? •
Lprd CASTLEREAGH replied, that the qua-
!ion was one which he found it difficult to answer in
the moment, is consequence of the complicated na-
ture of the negotiations. He could, however, state,
that no progress had been as yet made toward; mak-
ing any alteration in the existing nasty.
Mr. SHARPE expressed a hope, that the Otan-
cellor of the Exchequer would have the kindness to
give an early notice of ally intention be might form
relative t 2 the Wine Duties.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, he had never conceived that the prayer of thrl
Petitioners should be acceded to. If any rumour
had gone abroad of its having been the intention of
Government to diminish the duties on wine, it was
altogether without his concurrence, and, for his own
part, he could not think, in the present circum-
stances of the country, of destroying such a. source
of revenue.

Mr. I'ONSONBY was surprised that any rumour
could have gone Abroad of any intention on the part
of Ministers to reduce the amount of taxation, as
such a measure was altogether hostile to their sys-
tem. It might, indeed, have been thought that the
Right Hon. Gentleman would have desired to have
collected an improving revenue, instbad of experi-
encing a.diminution in the port of London alone of
£338.000 I and he was convinced, that whin the
returns throughout the eotire empire would be exa-
mined, the loss in every part would be found propor-
tionably great. This was the more remarkable, as
the wine duties had not long since been considerably,
ihcteased, and exemplified whAt had been-said by
Swift, that in the arithmetic of revenue, " one and
one did not alwayi mike two." The reduction
afforded a convincing proof of the inability of the
higher classes of society to consume as much wine
as they usectto do, and of the country at large to
support*the present expenditure.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT stated, that the wine
duties in Wand had:increased since 1802, in the,
proportion of froartwo to five ; while the produce of
that branch of revenue was lait year less by 42011,000
'than in I 803:
Sir M. W. R,IDLEY said, that he had that morn-
ing received a letter from one of his ionsiituents,
re4uesting him to4uppOrt this Petition to Parliament,
and stating that in the town he had the honour to re-
present, the wine trade had decreased one-half.
The Petition was then laid on the'iable.

Mr. H. MARTINgsve notice he would,on Mon-
day. move for leave to bring in a Bill For expediting
the proceedings in causes pending in tbst Court of
Exchequer.
