SYRA, MARCH 38.

Discord still prevails among the Greeks. Pietro
Bey, Sotiri Karalambo, Metaxa, and Colocotroni, mem-
bers of the executive power, were outlawed by a decree
in thirteen articles, and withdrew to Tripolizza, where
some disorder ensued : tart of the people declared for
the present Government, but Colocotroni employed the
soldiers, who were devoted to him : they fired on the
people, of whom six were killed, and the remainder
were dispersed by the use of the bayonet. The outlawed
Members thought fit to make proposals, through Deme-
trius Ypsilanti, to the new Executive Body, requiring
that their adherents should be pardoned—that a national
assembly should be called—and that Pietro Bey, Sotiri
Karalambo, and Zaim should be made members of the
Executive. These proposals were rejected with contempt.
Young Colocotroni, in consequence of an understand-
ing with his father, has indeed refused to give up Na-
poli di Romania, where he commands, but the garrison
of Fort Palamida, which commands the town, has de-
clared for the new Government.

Varvaki has sent 40,000 talaris to Calamata, through
the Archimandrite, which he is to deliver to the Go-
vernment there, if it should prove to be stable.
Iconomos, of Hydra, is to go to the lonian Islands to
negociate with the partizans of the Greeks, who are
numerous there, for a loan of 100,000 talatis.

In the STAR of yesterday we stated that an insurrec.
tionary attempt had been made at Lisbon by the parti•

sans of the QUEEN and Prince Mrauct., which had for
its object to overturn the present Government, and form
another on mote Ultra principles: but that it had been
suppressed. The firmness of the KING has, on this oc-
casion, been conspicuous. It appears by the private
accounts from Lisbon, via Paris, to the 4th instant, that
Prince MIGUEL had the temerity to place under arrest
Count PALSIELLA, the Prime Minister, without any other
authority than his own sign-manual. For this proceed-
ing he was cited into the KING'S presence, who, before
all the foreign Ambassadors, whom he had collected in
the Audience Chamber to witness the proceeding, repre-
hended him in the most forcible manner for his intempe-
rate conduct, and daring contempt of the Royal authority.
The Prince, it is said, was wholly overcome by the ad-
dress of his father, and fell at his feet acknowledging
his guilt and soliciting his pardon. The Kirin, how-
ever, gave orders that both the Prince and the QUEEN
should retire to one of the Royal Palaces, ten miles
from Lisbon, in a species of honourable imprisonment;
and that Count PALMELLA should be immediately set
at liberty. His MAJESTY took the precaution, it is
said, before -resorting to a measure which required in
him a most extraordinary exertion of firmness, to ap-
peal for support to some of the principal officers of the
army, who did not fail him in the difficult eme:--
tency in which he was placed. The consequence Or
these events had been, ti e placing Lord BERESFORD,
by whose advice the KING is supposed to have acted
throughout the whole proceeding, in a situation of high
favour and ascendancy in his Councils, which was of
course accompanied by a correspondent decline in the
influence of the french Minister, by whom the violent
conduct of the QUEEN and the Prince was believed ro
be secretly supported. No interruption to tha public
tranquillity took place in consequence of the order for
the removal of the Qusii and het son from Lisbon ;
indeed, the whole affair is understood to have passed so
quietly as to escape the notice of the great bulk of the
' population of the capital. The next packet expected,
which is the Stanmer, and which has probably been
kept out by contrary winds, Will no doubt bring more
detailed accounts of these proceedings.

In the STAR of Thursday we announced, that the
Ex-Emperor Iruitsrus had secretly left this country
for Mexico; and conjecture is at variance as to the ob-
ject of his mission. A Morning Paper states, that,
" almost every vessel which has come to England from
Mexico, for the last four months, brought pressing in-
vitations to General Ds ITURBIDE to return to that
country, which, since his abdication, has been distracted
by different factions, contending about the species of
Government that ought to be established there. In ab•
dicating the Crown of Mexico, he was actuated solely by
a desire to avoid a civil war ; he now returns to Mexico as
a soldier, not only for the purpose of putting an end to the
divisions whidi vex it, but also forthe purpose of securing
its independence, which is menaced equally by intestine
discord, and by the resolutions of the Holy Alli:ince.
—We ate confidently assured that ITURBIDE resisted
every solicitation which was made to him, until he
became fully informed of the determined views of the

Holy Alliance in assisting FERDINAND, by intrigue and
by secret supplies of money, to attempt the subjugation
of the whole of South America. Under these circum-

stances he felt it a sacred duty to return; he has gone.
not with any views of personal aggrandizement, but as
a soldier, to maintain the independence which his cwn
efforts and talents gave to his country."
Notwithstanding the confident and flattering terms,
in which our contemporary of the Herald speaks of
General ITunatoa, we confess we do not augur any

such favourable results from his mission ; but think his
presen:e in Mexico more likely to disturb than
mote its tranquillity. Ile is a soldier of fortune, whose
ambition made him assume a sovereignty which he had
not the talents to maintain, or the virtue and moderation
to render beneficial to his country, and his abdication,
as it is called, was involuntary. In short, he acted as
TOBI N says in the Honey Moon," like a well-bred dog,
which always runs down s•airs when there Xs viol, nt
preparations made for kicking him out of the room."
He was pensioned at 23,000 dollars a year, on the
condition that he should not return to Mexico, where
he had become very unpopular. General de ITuastrit
left town on the sth instant for Somersetshire, and
having seen his daughters placed at school, he pro-
ceeded from thence to Southampton, where a vessel
was in waiting to receive him. Upon his arrival at
Southampton, he learned that General SAN MARTIN
had just left that place for London, and he returned to
town, in order to have an interview with that distir-
guished Patriot. They saw each other, and after
the interview, General de ITURBIDE returned with-
out delay to Southampton, whence he sailed with
a favourable wind on the evening of the
He is said to profess great admiration for our Institu-
tions, and has left six children here for education. The
eldest son, about sixteen years of age, is at Ampleforth,
near York; the second, about seven, is at Hampstead;)
and four daughters, under eleven, are at convents in
Somersetshire.—The following letter, which we pre-
sume the Ex-Emperor wishes to be considered as his
Manifesto, has been
.addressed to his legal adviser :
" Mr DYAn is probable, that as soon as my departure is
known, different opinions may he expressed, and that sonic of them
may be falsely coloured. I wish, therefore, that you should know
the truth in an authentic manner.

" By a misfortune that is much to be deplored, the principal pro-
vinces of Mexico are at this moment disunited : all those of Guati-
mala, New Galicia, Oyaca, Yacatecas, Queretro, and others, suffi-
ciently attest this fact.
" Such a state of things exposes the independence of the country
to extreme peril. Should she lose it, she must live for ages to come
in frightful slavery.
" My return has been solicited by different parts of the country,
which consider me necessary to the establishment of unanimity
there, and to the consolidation of the Government. Ido not pre-
sume to form such an opinion of myself; but as I am assured that
it is in my power to contribute in a great degree to the amalgama-
tion of the separate interests in the provinces, and to tranquillize in
part those angry passions which are sure to lead to the most disas-
trous anarchy, I go with such an object before me, uninfluenced by
any other ambition than the glory of effecting the happiness of my
countrymen, and of discharging those obligations which I cwe to
the land of my birth—obligations which have received additional
force from the event of her independence. When I abdicated the
Crown of Mexico, I did so with pleasure, and my sentiments re-
main unchanged.
" If I succeed in realising my plan to the extent which I desire,
Mexico will soon present a Government consolidated, and a people
acting upon one opinion, and co-operating in the same object. They
will all recognise these burdens which, if the present Government
continued, would fall only upon a few ; and the ruining and com-
mercial transactions of the country will assume au energy and a
firmness of which they are now deprived.
" I have no doubt that the English nation, which knows how to
think, will easily infer front this statement the probable political
situation of Mexico.
"I conclude with again recommending to your attention my chil-
dren, in my separation from whom will be seen an additional proof
of the real sentiments which animate the heart of your sincere friend,
" AGUSTiN DE ITUIIIIIDE.
" To Michael Joseph Quin, Esq. Gray's Inn."
The French Papers—"llibli of Saturday have reached us.—

They are chiefly filled with a report of the proceedings
in the Chamber of Deputies on the previous day. On
that day the Minister of the Interior introduced the project of
law for extending the duration of Parliament to seven years, and
establishing an integral instead of a partial renewal at every election.
Ills Excellency explained the grounds and defended the policy of the
measure, in a speech of considerable length, beginning with the ex-
traordinary declaration, that ever since the publication of the charter,
its necessity bad become the subject of discussion; or, in other
words, that the charter was no sooner published, than a violation of
one of its most important articles was contemplated. The Minister
of War, in the same sitting, introduced the project of law for recruit-
ing the army, which bad passed the Chamber of Peers. The dis-
cussion was then resumed an that part of the budget which include,
the monopoly of tobacco. The commission appointed by the Ch..m-
her of Peers to examine the project of law for the reduction of the
man has elected for its reporter the Duke de Levis.

The Kmo, we are happy to find, is in such an im-
proved state of health, that fresh orders were yesterday issued for
holding the Drawing Room oil Thursday next, together with a
renewal of the regulations to be observed in regard to the introduc-
tion of Ladies at Court on that occasion.
Yesterday, at two o'clock, the Duchess of a A BENCE,
the Duchess of GLouessvitte, the Princess AU. USTR, the Duch
of KENT, Prince 1.-xoeous, and the Prince of LLIMINGEN, attended
by tl e Baroness De Sraitovis and Captain CONROY, honoured the
British Gallery, in Pall-mall, with their presence, to view the Ex-
hibition of Ancient blasters, together with some Paintings of de-
ceased Blitish Artists, for which one room was set apart. The
Royal Party continued their inspection for about an hour. They
were attended by some of the Directors of the Institution, the Se-
cretary, and the keepers.
Yesterday, Earl BATHURST transacted business at the
Colonial Department, iu Downing-street, fur the first time sii.ce
his Lordship's indisposition.
The health of the Fors is said to be completely se-
established.

BOW-STREET-THIS DAY.
Jaws Lawrence, otherwise Antes Liam, was put to the bar,
charged with robbing his employers, Messrs. Tyson, of Regent-
street, of money to a very considerable amount. The prisoner had
before been in custody, byat was supposed to have reformed It has,
however,since been discovered that he cohabited with a girl, in Shire-
lane. One of the partners in the firm attended to make out the CaS?
against him, and Avis and a brother officer were ine:ructed to lcse
no means of finding out where the property was. The prisoner was
informed that he would be again brought up, and some money and
clothes found at his lodgings were given to him.—lle was re-
manded accordingly.
