• \

;

M

1

the bearer of it is the Irish N. 1 shall not erase to express, in
requttting you, Sir, to accept the homage of myrespers-
(Signed) J. CAPODISTRIA&
Rig Royal Highness the Prince Leopold
of Saxe-Coburg.

TUC COUNT CAPO DISTRIAS TO RIB ROYAL HISENICSI THE
PRINCE LEOPOLD.
(ConfidentiaL) Nepali,. April 10 (22), 1890.
Mon Prince, —Being on the eve of transmitting a TOIRRIfROGS
communication to your Royal Highness by the courier of the Beim
de Rouen, I avail myself of a courier whom Mr. Dawkins despatches
to-day, to lay before your Royal Highness a copy of the note from
the Residentsl and of my answer. I also enclose a copy of my de.
[patch and private letter of the 25th of Mardi (6th of April).
The labours of the Senate, and my accompanying observations,
will put your Royal Highness in on of all the 'lawn which
*eosins expresses ro your Royargigtainess.
shall not enter further to-day into these important subjects. I
cannot, however, refrain from entreating your Royal Highness to
provide as speedily as possible for the pressing difficulties with
which I am surrounded.
We have nearly exhausted 'the subsidies granted for January,
February, and March All that I have been able to effect is, to
provide for the expenses of the month of April, but it is imps.
sible for me to do more. On the 11th (!i3d) of May, three months'
pay will become due to the army, and in this critical moment it is
of immense importance to pay it punctually. We shall therefore
require at least 1,000,000 of francs in the beginning of May, and
I once more entreat your Royal Highness to cause that sum to be
remitted in time.
fp a couple of days I shall submit to your Royal Highness the ac-
tual state of the army and of the fleet, as well as the quarter's bud.
get, for the service in general.
If I may entertain a hope of enabling your Royal Highness to
find the country in an orderly and tranquil state, it is solely on two
conditions :—The first is. the speedy arrival of your Royal High.
ness in Greece ; the second, that the Provisional Government should
have the means of paying regularly the army, navy, and public
functionaries. Except under these two conditions, I can do no-
thing t and your Royal Highness cannot do me the injustice to
doubt the sentiments which induce me $o acquaint you with my
conviction in chit respect.
I avail myself of this opportunity to offer to your Royal High.
sees the expression of my homey.
(Signed) J. CAPODISTRIAS. •
P. 8. The Senate at length approves of my answer to the Re.
sidents of the Allied Courts, and is at present occupied with the
Address and Memorandum which it will, through me, lay betas
your Royal Highness. As 1 had the honour of announcing topper
Royal Highness, in the postscript of the 20th March (7th April)
there were greet difficulties to be overcome, and the note of the Re.
sidents would have rendered them insurmountable, had not your
Royal Highness's letter of the 28th of February furnished me with
the means of reviving them.
I trust that your Royal Highness will have reason to be satisfied
with the result of my long and laborious conferences with the Sena-
tors and most influential men of the country.
I wish to do coerce—l am salons to send a deputation to meet
your Royal Highness, and to have it conveyed by the frigate sad
rome other vessel of the Greek navy, to the port at which your Royal
Highness will embark.
Although the adeeden of this embassy may not be an easy mat-
ter, and although the fitting out of the frigate and two other vessels
may require an expenditure which our treasury is not in a condition
to defray, I shall endeavour to prepare the execution of those mea-
sures, in the expectation of the order which your Royal Highness
shall be pleased to give me. I therefore entreat your Royal High.
ness to despatch those orders as speedily as possible, and to point
out exactly the name and plan at which your Royal Highness has
decided to embark.
J. CAPODISTRIAS.

(Signed)

The Plenipotentiaries of the three Allied Courts to his Royal
Highness Prince Leopold.
Landon May 17, 1830.
•
The undersigned Plenipotentiaries if the three Allied Courts
have not failed to tamediate attention to the fate of his Royal
Highness Prince dated yesterday, as well as to the three
letters which it addressed by Count Capodistrias to
his Royal Highness, in 9his charaster as Sovereign Prince of
Greece.
The Plenipotentiaries would have dared the panful feelings and
the appehenslons which his Royal Highness has experienced from
the perusal of the letters of Count Capodistelas, had not the cause
of these feelings and apprehensions been removed by the [mein.
Plenipotentiaries
which was received the day before yesterday, and which the
Plenipotentiaries had -the honour to commode:ate to his Royal
Highness without delay, to the entire adlimisn of the Providenall
Government of Greece to the protocols of Landon. It is Imlnbimble,
that a happy concord of sentiment edit between the President and
the Senate ; not only has the 'Semis manned with the Pmethat
in his decision, but a deputation of that body has even messed to
the Residents of the three Courts its satisfaction of the peeped d-
isarming of the daselfiigh Vann with respect to Gnaw

It is farther stated, thariasildrees of congratulation will be he.
inedintely transmitted to ties Severe's* Pena
After the full and entine ultimo:e of the Paste and of the
Greek 6/Withomin *0- o
ft conference, by which both
pasties have &finy athhowlidged is Royal Highness as Sove.
reign Prince of Gielay no tam difficulties or real dangers can
exist. Some difficulties may Indeed be anticipated in laying down
the line of boundary which Iles been fixed for the new State;
but it is Dot to be missed that they could have been
avoided by the sobsdtution bf any other frontier for that
which has been agreed upon. At all events, the presence
of the boundary commissioners, the bride' which will be
afforded by their instructions, and the matron which they will re.
ceive in the execution of their labours, will move all obstacles to
the speedy settlement of this part of the objet.
It cannot be doubted that the State of demo as his Royal High-
not remarks, is such as to require the modes of an enlightened
judgment, emd that the administration of the Government must ne-
emearily be a task of an arduous and delicate natures But the un.
demential would not do justice to the conviction of their own minds,
if they were to hesitate to declare that bit Royal Highness will take
possession of the Sovereignty under drat instances Infinitely more
avonrable, and with the real difficulties more completely removed,
than any one could have bed a right to anticipate.
The undersigned cannot but further observe, that even according
to the letters of Count Capedistrias, the two objects which Greece
most ardently desires, and which are most essential to her happi.
nos and tranquillity, are the pessom of her Prince, and such per.
ataiary funds as the immedhas aseessides of the State require. His ,
Royal Highness will permit the undessigbed to observe, that it fa in
the power of his Royal Highness to WWI both these wants. The
Nhalpesentiatiss tear to their nets el yesterday; and
haws so repeat, that if it should be the whh ci his
Highness, he may have at his diepseal, in ifooreed twenty hours, a
sea more than sufficient to meet the highest sehnletion of the pm.
sot wants of the Greek State.
Coast Capodistrias appears to be deeply impressed with the im.
E=mi of the immediate preemie et the Sovereign Prince in
and the Plecipotendarim marmot refrain from expressing
their entire concurrence 1w this conviction. They venture most res-
pectfully, but most earnestly, to declare, that his Royal Highness
ewes it to his own character, to the Allied Powers, and to the Greek
nation, no longer to delay the fulfilment of the important and highly
honourable mission which he has undertaken. The undersigned
have the honour, de.
(Signed)

MONTMORENCY.LAVAL.
ARRRDEEN.
LIRVEN.
To hie Royal Highness the PAWS Leopold, LO. Re.

Lsrd Aberdeen to his His Ilsoyal nines.
Ha
Prime Leopold.
-PorsignasS►
hir,—ln addition too:1Z es,
y If,
at
tile Uti, mato the of the
Csofersaes had tint imam to is
your • in ,
their mots of yesterday, I beg to intim so smut et • despot&
Ibsen Mr. Darting, in whhit tins geotiwass gins an soreant to
his (iovensnest of the hnprougsd posisold ea the plias by the
loaded. of your Royal Highoses's osadosion to tU sovadinty
et Osseo.. 1 bare the holism Ike.
(N) ABEILDUN.
His Royal Highness the e Leopold, ten.

1 Mr. Dawkins to Lased Aberdeen.
Napell di Romania, April 110,.ISNI,—(Iteceived Nay 14.)
r •
_... (Ratraet).
tementitting these doeuments to your Lordship, l have the
eatiefeetiso to state that the Gawks are fully sensible of, sad gram
Ad for, the latilltella benefits which they have secured at the hands
of the Allies; the first of which, after the 8%11141%10s of their ina..
.grAce, they ormeidm lobe the choice of Prism Leopold of Sex.
The nomination of his Royal Highness is peculiarly satisfactory
aid flattering to them, sines they ameldin it as the accoenti±=l
of
the wishes expressed by themselves, through the
which they eon to glen 4 at ea early paled el their r=

ss arid' MONO raw LAlliedroPeid to the Plesipetentiarios .1 the
three Comte.
lambs, Illeylll, IMl6.42eeriged 31sT 91.)
The undireignidt Mar tite mote ashwelowrideratias, is usable
to withdraw tite- he which he amovesiptod to the PlealpoteD.
dee* of the Allied &wig fa hit sets el the lash barest. He
eanst admit tbs. the mower of the Proddent of Gram to the As.
Mote cosweys • fall sed attire sihreiss ti the ,Potosi. fa hie
cancellers $ tweed sustiesies belie mid dr the AMA

Powers, arid even that forced submission is accompanied by nar-
rations of the highest importance.
The president distinctly informs the residents that the provisional
government, wading to the decrees of the council of Argos, hes no
power,n to convey the anent of the Greek nation. That it is well
to the residents who were present, that thiamin in question
declares, that no arrangements entered into by the peasisional wan-
went with the allied powers shall be binding open tlailtioh•tallen•
till they arc acknowledged end confirmed by its alleanaledals I
that if the representatives were called together, they woad=
the instructions of their constituents if they agreed to the
dons of the allied power'. But the last part of the pnehlint's as.
bears still more strongly on the New of the ease which the unties
signed is compelled to entertain, for the president says, that with
regard to the substance of the arrangement, the gove'mtnent reserves
to itself the power of submitting to the prince, with the copy of the
note, such observations as they cannot conceal from him without be-
traying theft duty towards Greece and the prince.
Here the undersigned feels it right to correct a mistake which might
occur from the wording of the president's letter of the 6th of April.
The undersigned never gave the president reason to bellere that he
was likely to adopt the Greek religion.
Thus ere officially connected with the answer of :he pro-
visional Government to the Residents, those obeere..tion, and de-
tails of facts which the undersigned forwarded to tie Plenipo-
tentiaries on the rbth instant. They are most important, as
announcing the opinions entertained by the Greek Senate u to the
provisions of the protocol, and their spirit and tendency is not for a
moment to be mistaken, or their consequences disregarded. The
President expressly states that the communication of the protocol
was received by the Senate in mournful silence ;—that after delibe-
rate consultation the Senate declared to him that they had not the
power to accept the set of the 3d of February ; and that even if they
had received that power from the nation, they would not have exer-
cised it without failing in their duty towards their brethren ;.—that
they will never consent to the President's being charged, in the
name and on behalf of the nation, with the execution of the pro-
tocols;—that the Allied Powers may accomplish their decisions,
but that they will remain strangers to thent ;—and that, if orders
are given for their execution in the provinces, ao one will
obey them.
In another despatch, dated April 22, ulterior to his *awes to
the Residents of the legit of April, to which the Pleniplentlarisa
allude as dissipating their fears, the President says that the Senate
at length approves of his answer to the Residents, and la occupied
with an address, and a memorial which is to antvey asssrdino to
his previous communications, their reasons for refusing to comply
with the arrangements entered into by the Allies.
This despatch, so far from dissipating the apprehensions excited
bget=oemer announcement, completely conhnns them; for the
It again refers to the observations which are connected with
his official answer to the Residents, and the whole clearly proves to
the undersigned, that the real and unbiassed opinion of the Greek
I Senate and people is firmly and irrevocably hostile to the decisions
of the Allied Powers.

The documents referred to are annexed to the present note, and
marked A. B. C.

The undersigned does not conceive it consistent with his cha-
racter and feelings to submit to be thus forced on an unwilling
people, and to be connected in their minds with a thotinished
territory—the abandonment of their brethren in arms—and the
evacuation of their lands and houses, from which hitherto the
Turks have never expelled them, but by a temporary incursion.
These results the undersigned always apprehended. In his coin-
municatios with the First Lotd of the Treasury of the Bth February,
he protested against going out to govern the Greeks in pursuance of
a Treaty which might also lead to the bloodshed and nittrder of
their brethren; he objected to the new boundaries as weak and in-
secure in a military point of view, and claimed for the Greeks the
right of opposing his nomination. The undersigned must here ob-
serve, that at no period of these negociations have any peeps been
taken towards the drawiog up of a Treaty, of which the Protocol
was never considered by him but as the basis, and to the Importance
of which he drew the Duke of Wellington's attention in the same
note. If this Treaty has been delayed, it has been dela ad by no
fault of the undersigned. He never concealed from the
dories that, however he might be willing to make great pertional sa-
crifices Ike the advantage of Greece, they had no right to expect that
be would ever go to that country without that security for himself
and the Greeks, which could alone be found in the proviskw of a
solemn and ratified Treaty. Again, in a memorandum of the Bth
of March, he expressed himself in equally decisive terms; asserted
that it would be necessary to conquer the ceded provinces Prom the
Greeks, in order to give them to the Turks; and that the sew So-
vereign could not begin his reign by measures of police, in order to
make the Greeks abandon their own homes.

If the Greek Senate had either expressed no opinion at all, or at
least in such language as might admit the reasonable hope of their
acquiescence in these measures, the undersigned might have, how-
ever unwillingly, consented to become the instrument of carrying
the decisions of the Allied Powers into execution, and have endea-
voured as much as possible to alleviate their rigour and obviate their
tendency ;but their language is as uncompromising as their feel-
inp are Waal.
thus placed in this painful position in cease.
:Lose f
117 sepaidlook beinviis by the same eat, corimmed whh
first act as a Sovereign will have
to be =4 1 B•ismp=wa subjects, by force of foreign arms, to
submit to the min of their estates and properties to their enemies,
or to join with thorn in resisting or evading the execution of a part
of that very Treaty which places him an the throne of Greece.
That one of the other' alternatives will be forced upon him Is
certain, because the country between the lines, Ammonia and part of
Etolia—which is know to be given up to the Turks, is, together
with the fortresses, in the peaceable possession of the Greeks. It is
the country which has furnished the best soldiers during the war.
The chief military leaders of the Greeks have been of Acarnanian
and Itolian families. Subsequently to the arrival in Greece of the
protocol of the 22d March, 1829, and the publication of the assent
et the Turks to the extended frontier in the treaty of Adrianople,
all the families which had survived the war returned, and as.
menced rebuilding their houses and towns, and cultivating their
lands. These people will never submit again to the Turkish yehe
without resistance, and the other Greeks will not, and cannot, alms.
don them to their fate.
In these ciretunstances, the duty which the under igned has to
perform towards Gossett Is clear and straightforward. Throughout
the whole of these transactioas he bee only contemplated the itemeste
of that country, and hat uniformly promoted, both in his mitten
communications andirls personal interviews with the Ministers of
England and the Plenipotentiaries of the Allied Courts, against the
Greeks being forced into any arrangement considered by them as eon.
miry to their wishes, and destructive of those rights which, as the
President justly observes, their great mafioso give diem aright to
insist upon.
When the undersigned contemplated the high distinction vibe.
a sovereign of Greece, it wee with the hope of being acknow.
ledmigi2freely and unanimously by the Greek nation, and welcomed
by them as the Mond through whose maws their battle
were to be repaid by the security of their territoriss,B2t
establishment of their itvlependenco on a permanent and bons/able
basis.

It is with the deepest regret that the undersigned see these hopes
annihilated, and is forced to declass that the arrangements of the
Allied Powers, and the opposition Oda Greeks, deprive him of the
power of tatting this sacred and skim object, and would impose
on him an dike of a very Mama eleeneSer—that of a del=f
the Allied Courts, appointed by then to held Greece in sia
by the face of their arms. Such a missies would be at seminal
to his feelings and injurious to his charade, is it Is in direct oppo.
*km to the objects of the treaty of the Mk of July, in which the
three Powers are emaciated for the perm et Obtaining the peel&
cation of the Fast.

The undersigned, therefore, ihrinalty omigns Into the hands et
du Plenipotentiaries s treat wb dernmetanses no longer rends
him sesame yids honour to Wog bona to arenas, or a/van-
tage to the genera interests of Imam,
goi4p.
The Plenipotendarlan et the three Allied Coins, the.

• 4

Ms Royal Highness Prime Leopold to Lord Abadan..
Mariboeough House, May 91, 1890. (Ise. May Is.)
My deer led,—.l here forwarded my avower to the
darks to English, that no delay may weer In its to
Parllaroent at she same date with the other papers. ifosticial-
ship will lead m masses with your Wiens% and WA leilita•
Lied fa remain, Re.
(Sloa)
The Earl of Abadan, K. T. &c.

LEOPOLD.

His Royal Highness Prince Leopold to Lord Aberdeen.
Marlborough Mouse, May Mk 1830. (Rae. May M.)
My dear Lowl,—..Alsugh 1 consider my communications with
the Plenipotentiaries as finally closed, I foil it right to forward them
tbs andosadasomorlal, as itsi referred to in my sots of Mira-
da' ;.—and must beg that a copy of it may be annexed to it with
the other docummna. i remain; &e.
(Signed.) LEOPOLD.
, To the Earl of Aberdeen, K. T. dte.

Blow& Slab. Litt. A, sooteltdog the observations et die Noss
ogee the Prompt tign ed at iseedea, the lid of Febrossy4llllB ot
feouety.) ss well as arta duo mess by which this yorselos bsso
oommoniestad to the Greek govemoset by the tidings ofilie
doss Allitd Courts essosiked to k.
The mama desire of ditividos knit trout the yoke itlb
slavery, and of to
covestoi its lodispeogeme, siettrogised the
esti= se eadeetahe the wet scsiTothey. The same teolimat
&dog the vowel eteesile it with searege to fieedeitli,
Ind lest it 'meth to ortmet met met privations. The to,
assn pwitK orethat this bless:agog dew to all Oresia, Is motel

to them by the magnanimity of their august protectors, is implied,
as well as the whole nation with profound gratitude. •
Omar bed me softer taken up arms, than, eneegineati therm
deader, sheli the form of government ~do ertiejoftisi
dm most s. r to bus desedee. • At a lam paid, at the Om.
pose of Trams& she pissed the helm of affairs ihe seas rine in
ape heeds el a man whom shiriagarded, and still retards, es wait
of bee (*aldose& Osedinedons of high policy change at prom
this roam of edatiniesesise, and Greece, destined to he governed
by a mestarch, is about to lenses in that character bit Sera High-
nese Prince Leopold. The choice of a wise and Aimee plumy
*boa high reputation poseeles him, offers to &also tho peeps'
of a happy Wore. ithe rejoices at this so much the monk as she 1
kerbs that his royal highness has nobly refused to ease_llut
den ad difficult sa4: 4.f :ffreting the loappio.bs of a ailia,
he Imo Mama the imcnt of that cztinft. '
The principk3 which lily inthiccil his royal highness to Am Is
generous a resolution, as well as the uprightness of his eitsetheir,
are the surest guarantees of his inclination to consolidate the
national liberties which Greece has consecrated in four anew
blies, and which she esteems as necessary and as precious as ex-
istence itself.
ether ties, equally farmed by gratitude, already attach the nation
to his royal highness. The Greeks have learned, with emotion, the
strong anxiety which he has shown to defend the principal interests
of the state.
The senate considers the extension of the boundaries as so closely
connected with the real independcme of Greece, it considers it se
necessary for the accomplishment of the generous intentions of the
powers who signed the protocol of the 3d of February, that it cannot
zeroth hem making the following observations :
" Upon the continent the provinces which, with a population of
about mow soots are to be detached from the new Greek state,
have Aso opposed a bonier to the devastating torrent of the Ot-
toman troops. Upon the sea, the island of Cando, which
his been exposed during nine years to all the calamities of
war,—Santos, where the enemy's forces have so often been
,—lpsara and Canoe, which did not fall until after an bs.
Treoretdistancr,—have acted as so many bulwarks against the fleets
of Byzantium and Alexandria. With what feelings will the inha.
bitants of these unhappy countries ace that they, the first defenders
of the cause, sink again into slavery, while their companions in battle
are restored to liberty ? Ought the one to be torn away from a
soil which the Turks have never dared to tread, andthe aim from ,
a lead stained with their blood, which recalls the recollection
of glorious victories, sod the names of their most illustrious chiefs ?
Is it not to be feared that, in the excess of their despair, they should
renew the bloody scenes of Missolonghi and 'pears ? We know the
enthusiasm with which the inhabitants of these countries are attached
to their native seil,—we know, also, the character of these warlike
races, and we shudder to think that the massacre of a whole people
may soon afflict the compassionate minds of the august Sovereigns
who protect us."
2d. The frontiers assigned to the continental part of the state are
neither secured by mountains of difficult access, nor by deep livers.
The Achelous and the Sperthins are, especially during summer,
small streams, fordable in several places. The boundary line, far
from crossing precipices and ravines, passes over a flat and desert
country, which offal' no mesas of defence. To protect such fron-
tiers a cordon of several thousand soldiers would be necessary, and
enormous sums of money, either to raise fortifications or to procure
shelter for the troops.
The island of Canal being excluded from the Greek state, and
the Archipelago remaining thus exposed on the African side, it will
be necessary to keep up constantly a considerable naval force.
Greece, in its present state, although possessing the provinces which
are about to be separated from her, and exempt also from the ex-
proses required by diplomatic relations, and a perfect internal or.
ganization, can hardly defray with its own revenue a third of its
annual expense's. How, then, will these revenues suffice when
Greece shall be dissect:it:end, and bounded by frontiers, the defence
of which will require an exorbitant expenditure ?
3. The provinces of Roumelia ceded to the Porte furnish twd.
thirds of our land forces. If these soldiers return to their
Greece will be herself deprived of the sinews of bee
ises
those very arms which have so heroically defended 31 sad
Athens. If they remain among us, placed in the interior of the
country, or upon the frontiers, will they be passive spec:talon of
their misfortunes, or faithful observers of peace ? The exclusion d
the islands of Candia, of Samoa, of Ipso& of Capes, of Selo, of
&aria, of Patens, of Sao, of. Wyman, of Assypaka, of Car.
and others, will not fall to force the emigration of men
tr°llbral'ed to war, driven to despair, who will infest the Grecian seas,
giving themselves up to piracy, favoured by the proximity of so
many inhabited inlets, and of dant and undefended shores. What
will then become of the rising State of Greece ? Where will then
be the tranquillity on land 1 Where will then be the security of
commerce at sea ? Where would independent Greece find sufficient
means fee keeping up a large fleet, and for paying numerous troops ?
4. The:detached provinces of Roumelia, fez from giving Inver.
mat revenues to the Ottoman empire, have always served as an
mime be a hes and warlike people, causing to the Porte almost
optimal uneasiness and expense. Will not these palaces, to
the iodependent end warlike spirit of which a new impulse has
less given by nine years of ea, mid which is plead, it may be
said, at the portal of two states, afford materialsready to be Is.
limed by the slightest incident, and to rekindle the Ike of a war
which is hardly extinguished ?
Let us, however, suppose every motive for a new struggle to
have ceased, and the martial character of these people given up to
Turkey to have been softened down ; the Turks will occupy all
the strong frontiers in the mountains, and will at every moment
threaten the Greek State. They will henceforth exercise an inilu.
anceirreasdkable with the elevated views of the august monarchs
in settling its fate.
0 Even if the Pats should sincerely desire a *ding peace.
would its subjects, acaostomed in every age to beabsedlesdea, qui.
stly °Wenn themselves to its wishes, and would net the
dad Greeks of the bordering provisoes, meta peetestedbr:
besod
of ary sor asters, let antinually ex to sudden lava.
dens the fib s
y of Abode- emilAsia ? then weal& be
the guarantee eta pentarnest pease between the Greeks sad the Ot.
lemons ? Have even plaided morn been offered to the inlaid.
tents of the anuerise Mponmodi from the Greek states, of minim
their prepay in nee they should wish to renounce their country ?
No, Ise if, seseeling to the protocol of the 3d of February, the
Turkish bitehihmte of the Greek state are lamina as the Greek
inhabiter of the %width state are, to sell their property and to
' emigrate, it is widest that to the former, such as the
Turks of lkaboo, such a sale might be possible and
profitable, coeskledeg that their property is situated in a
country which is dumbed to enjoy the benefit and advantages
of a regular edmiabistion ; the case would be quite otherwise with
the Greeks—with these of Armenia, for instance, for whom such
such a sole would be either of trifling advantage or altogether ilia.
way. In feet, whet man in hie senses would purchase the pro-
perty of an Arossanien, In a country where arbitrary power aloes
mists, and whisk is spay to disorder.
ledepandady it ti fatal amnia, the restricting of the limits
will drew lore ataradea Greece a large number of indigent pa.
mus who, with woes otdaßiair, will quit their aides but enslaved
sentry. Com the inholthente of the Gadgets's, umbel as they as
se that by the des of is unit adelnadealssyss,solaws enie, abodes then
to their weetebelnem ? Oat deliver up to okay army Wed
sad to the scourge of epidemic a people already se Men
dm:heated by death T Members of the Gash letily de net these
' unfortunate individuals merit to be relieved in their daletiaue ? Bat
' what are the meanest relieving them ? Is it by means et the me-
thod lands, se the feeds of the public treasury ? The oedema
lands !
The Stir Article of of the Protocol states, " The Asa of Ariel
of the Porte shall pesebint that no Greek in the whole extent of its
dendedoes shall be liable to be deprived of his property, or in say
wily disturbed in consequence of the pert which he may have mho
in the beurrection of Greece."
n The Act of Amway of the Greek t shall
sere InVel the asedomas or CCitiellians
*mow ; ana it shalt further be
and prom that the lifeeenbseas who may be de.
dens of dada* to it the territories and islands allo to
theses, dell panne thole progenies thuds, Ike
We will net dwell upon the observation, that the amnesty which
eleselp, de fade, exists en the pert of the Greeks. newt was, ad
Roar will be, !Mendel then illusory on the pan of the Talks. We
will be dint as to the feet that the same article is the
annsety MOW, so mond= of so man Greeks who,
edsatan here been aid in Turkey, and easosening whose Is
o will. WWI to remain uninformed. We will net
urn Aso Odrjenta, although of great impoessoce, and *SI ellyi
=istaasiae ameba point, which deserves most peetkalit alt
Dem the article in question, in eetablishing the brebiatalte if
Mosesbnan y, krone illy two mese? The lotto doted.
i
Turks ssspps eg in Greece, as merchants, aniseed, or
of bads resod acquired by them? The mood, a comer=
ot the Turks of Nelms, don face• pp lases of land et the Ilm,
man of the omeadon of the peeaooi ? Or doss it also beam the
restitution of reopen* foam* babeging in the Turks—it med.
turbo entirely beempadhle with the externem of the sew same?
These of old to Gags,- eseepsd stabessolostr
by the 171ZeiesdeldistIeway. and now minwelsed m stet
Odom Oblast, have chime been alienated sedlllieestuChl
imertgeged during the negotiations for the tiro Lembo
et present ene three-fourths of a nearly tasked
at lest destinel dire toe ladseisida, or fee the l=8•4
sadist dad of the ems reward at has..
It wield be an Ineagale adahrtents,: a ammo* tram liWob
Gam *Gold never mew, If Ibe Mikados st these lan& wan to
nitilitrog• . .
Ty. bae, F
adden bLedditket_dle ma fad melee hes I
dd. *moo, madden Ns so alwmg a awed duty in repeal

sooting to his royal highness the difficulty which it has in g
that the Greek people. seeing themselves injuied in their riglt:
dearest interests, will patiently submit to lose the friths of their
bows, and to see their present and their future welfare compromised.
But supposing even that, from prudential motives, dictated by :It..
periona circumstances, they should remain silent, would they no.
noon become a herd of slaves in the midst of the Turks, who would
be powerful enough to oppress them ; since, on the ether hand, ow.
wrding tout, acts annexed to the protocol of the 3d of February,
the Ottomans will be eligible to all public employments, and since,
on the other, they will, as Greek citizens, and by means of their
wealth, possess the exclusive right of suffrage; would indepes.
dour,, this prkcious gift of the Allied Sovereigns, be in this cese of
mal benefit to firerce i What would the Greek have gained win
nine years of bloody knife ? Living In a desert, among the bones
of his zuweacral ftlatirms, be would only have legitimatized
eteWe will rayrnal slaftry.
more; should even the restitution not take place.
the national lands will not suffice to relieve those of our brethren
who will seek asylum among us: will not, therefore, pecuniary re.
sources be necessary, in order to perfect and consolidate the Irani -
organisation, and to cover during several yeses the deficit in the re.
venue; of the state ? In the official note from the Residents of the
Allied Courts which accompanied the transmission to the Greek
Government of the act of the 3d of February, it is said that tlir
loan. this new pledge of the good wishes of our protectors, will be
employed in the pa y and maintenance of the troops which the Sore.
reign Prince shall find it necessary to taise for his service. The
Greeks, nevertheless, flatter themselves that the revival of letters
the encouragement of agriculture, of Industry, and of commerce, the
Indemnities due to the navy and to the army. as well as the rewards
deserved by $ great number of citizens, distinguished by theirdeed,
and plunged into misery by their patriotism, will be tbe lint obje,.
of the paternal solicitude of his Royal Highness.
There remains but ens observation more for us to make.
