Porpoise had arrived there in a very

coLomw-
Letters from Bogota, at-Mthibiali
25th of April, have been receiv-
a confirmation of the insurrection
the Castle of Callao, but adi

event of no importance, and
pached for its ,suppression..
derson, the British Codsut; at Bogota, ,on the 30th of
March, is officially announced in the Gazette of the 11th
of April, in the following manner :
" BRITISH COMMISSION.
" Mr. James Henderson arrived in this capital on the 30th of bet
month and on the Sth instant was presented to his Excellency the
Vice-President, by the Secretary for Foreign Affairs. We regret
munch that our Ihniss do not permit os now to insert the fine and
eloquent speech addressed by Mr. Irenderson td the Executive ma
this occasion, but which we will procure for publication hereafter.
His Excellency, in reply, expressed the pleasure be felt ar seeing in
the capital an ancient friend 'of Colombia, and his wish to draw
closer the relations of .the lisipublie-ivith the Aritish Empire. He
said, that after examining b credentials as CenSoi-General, which
had been put into his hands, he would communicate any resolu-
tions that might arise from it through the Secretary for Foreign
Affairs.—The Commission of his Britannic Majesty is now con-,
piece in the capital. Is is composed of Colonel Hamilton, Lieute-
nant-Colonel Campbell, Mr. James Henderson, and Mr. Cade, Se-
eretary.-asNow that ,Mr. Henderson has become incorporated with
the British. Commission, we may be permitted to renew our hopes
that the Libbers of its members, whose character inspires the
gteatest confidence in the Coibmbian Government, may be csowned
with the most happy result and mutual bensfit both to the Re-
public and to the British Empire."

THE GREEKS.

The account) from Zante are favourable to the cause
of Greece; the dissentions which existed among the
Chiefs having subsided, and the divisions which threat-
eied more than Turkish enmity to overthrow lter rising
liberties having given place to unanimity while in Al
bailie the disputes between the Turkish Governor and
their disaffected allies had attainecia height which threat-
ened to produce an open rupture and it required all
the address of Omer Brionis to keep up even a :hew of
military force, the principal Albanians having left his
standard, and many armed parties of his quondam allies
hovering about to take advantage of the weakness they
had caused. The main body of the Greeks was also on
the frontiers, waiting a favourable opportunity to attack
this Commander. From the movements of the Greeks
it was supposed they would make Epirus the seat of the
war duriog the ensuing campaign; and this determine
titan, it was expected, would much derange the plans of
the Turkish Commanders. The aCeonnts generally are
certainly cheering to the cause of the Christians, and,
joined to the accounts of the imbecility of the Turkish
forces appear to leave little to dread as to the result of
the new invasion of the Ottomans]

Advices have been received from Alexandria to the
Middle of April, which mention the arrival there of ten
Turkish vessels of war, to escort the Egyptian auxilia-
ries to Greece. It was thought; however, that the Pacha
would make the recent explosion of the magazines a
pretext for delaying the expected force, and that the
expedition would ultimately be abandoned. The Porte
had been very pressing for the Pacha to act as Gene-
ralissimo during the ensuing campaign in Greece, but
this had been declined by the latter, on account of his
,age. It was strongly reported at Alexandria, that the
insurrection of the pretended Prophet, in, the Upper
Provinces, had been put down, and the leader taken and
executed. Several English travellers who had fallen
into his hands are said to have been liberated, among
whom were Messrs. Maddox and Hull_

These letters speak of the recent explosion as of very
disastrous extent, and estimate the damage done at from
60 to 70,000,000 piastres. This had much impoverished
the Paths, who was endeavouring to raise money, to
effect which he had sold the preceding week, 30,000
bales. of cotton to the English Merchants. Many Eu-

ropean Officers were killed in this calamity, and several
-natives of rank, among whom was Ali Bey, sword-
bearer to die Viceroy. The general opinion of the
European Merchants at Alexandria was, that the Pacha
would not as‘ist the. Porte against Greece, for (ear of
weakening his own strength ; and that though by a
seeming submission he avoided an open rupture with
the Turkish Government, every pretext for delay would
be seized to keep his auxiliary fame from reaching
Greece until the campaign had terminated.

HURRICANE Ai THE MAURITIUS.

,

ANOTHER ACCOUNT.
" UMW*, FILlh 2S.

•4 0n the 23d our unfortunate colony again expe-
rienced the fatal effects of a hurricane. Already what
we know to have occurred in Port Louis, and learn has
happened in different parts of the island, convince us
that the disasters caused six years ago by a similar
scourge, frightful as they were, have been surpassed ;
and that the colony has suffered in a manner the most
fatal both for its commerce and its agriculture. During
the night between the 22d and '23d there were few indi-
cations of the approaching tempest; but after twelve at
noon, on the 23d, the mercury in the barometer began
to descend rapidly. The hour .before and the hour
after the setting of the sun, were the period when the
storm was at its utmost fury.
" Yesterday morning the roads presented a frightful
spectacle? ves-els cast on shore, others run foul of the
bridges and dismasted, and the whole in a state of da-
mage of which there has been no parallel seen here for
more than thirty years. The buildings most exposed to
the effe t of the hurricane were the houies of the Champ
de Lot and the Royal College. One of its most extra-
(
ordinary results was the shock given to the house La-
fargne. This immense edifice, by the force of the wind,
WAS so nearly overthrown, that it appeared ready every
moment to tall and crush under its ruins forty children,_
and the persons employed in their instruction. All of
them, however, had time to escape, for the building re-
mained nearly in the same state during the remainder of
the storm. Though the damage sustained was neatly
equivalent to its total destruction, the edifice did not fall
to the ground. A fire broke out at the period when the
storm was at its height, but the house in which it oc-
curred being insulated, no farther mischief occuired."

TRINIDAD.
-.1111111.-
PROrOSED REGULATIONS FOR THE ruTunc TREATMENT
OF SLAVES IN THIS COLONY.
FORT SPAIN, MAY 15.
A General 11leeting of the Inhabitants was held on
Friday last, in King-street, which was most numerously
and respectably attended, at which a Petition was
framed, signed, and carried, praying his Excellency the
tioseritor to suspend the promulgation of the late pro.
posed Order in Council ; and a Committee nominated
for presenting the same.
The Petition Was signed by above .6)0 individuals before the
)letting diiperscd.
Mr. ceATT )saving been caned to the Chair, spoke with great

the applicability of the Order imposM. the present condi-
tion of the population feivolosisionpraiesimiwit was drawn up.—
In the course of the 4146" Loss; wyjnitmaiarks too are made
on the neglect of the Mthi 00111MINient he 1797 to impose re-1
straints on the purchase and enephOsene of slaves : and above all,
we read with pleasure that during the government of Sir IL
Woodford, there have been no less than 1,400 manumiuions of
slaves, on a population of I8,000.••,-The following redden was
agreed v.

PETITION.
" TOW, Excellency Sir RAtest JAiars Ntonneoub, ITirt. Governor
and Coormander-in-Chiel in and over the said Island and its Depot-

deacieseVice-Admiral the ratite, &c.
" We, your petitioners. his Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects,
the free inhabitants of the Island of Trinidad, respectfully approach
your Excellency.
" We have read with grief and dismay the draft of an order in
Council, laid by his Majesty's Ministers before both Houses of Par-
liament, on the 15th day of March last, and declared to be intended
for the improvement of the condition of the slaves in this Colony.
" We recognise, to the fullest extent, the power of the Crown,
founded upon those principles of British jtrstiee which have secured
to the meanest subject of the realm the undisturbed enjoyment and
use of his property, until be has received full and fair compensation.
" We are sincerefy impressed with a grateful sense of our gra-
cious Sovereign's beneficent intentions. We dutifully sympathise
with his Royal wish to meliorate the condition, and promote the
nwral Improvement, of the negroes, by adopting measures in which
due regard shall be paid to considerations of justice; which, by tem-
pering zeal with cauelon may lead to practical good ; which, without
hazarding the fortunes and the safety of any clams of his 11.1jesty's.
subjects, may promote the welfare of the slaves and that of their
employers.
" We appeal fearlessly to your Excellency to witness, that every
heart in this island beat in unison with this his Royal wish; that
these, his Royal words infused joy and gladness into the breast of
every inhabitant of the Colony-
" Animated by loyalty and by gratitude, we feel it to be our first
duty to aid in promoting these his gracious intentions, and to op-
pose ourselves to every obstacle which may tend to disappoint his
beneficent views. Actuated by these sentiments only, we, the free
inhabitants of the solbny of Trinidad, respectfully beg leave to ex-
press to your Excellency, our solemn conviction, that the execution
of the whole provisions and clauses of the aforesaid Order in Coun-
cil, will inevitably prove ruinous to the property.uf the master; in-
jurious and demoralising to the slave; peculiarly hazardous to the
lives of the free coloured inhabitants, under part of the 6t h
chum of that order; and totally subversive of our gracious Sove-
reign's benign intentions.
" We, your Petitioners, therefore humbly pray that your Excel-
lency will be graciously pleased, under the authority vested in you
by the lab's now in force, to stay the promulgation and the execu-
tion of the proposed Order in Council, until a true representation
of its effects may be made to his Majesty's Ministers, to be laid at
the foot of the throne for his Majesty's gracious consideration..
" And by so doing your Exellency will avert that catastrophe
which must otherwise involve every class in this Colony in one
common ruin, and will deserve the sincere and grateful thanks of
a loyal and affectionate community.
" And we your Petitioners shall ever pray," 864.

THE EVEN/NG STAR.

LONDON.

• FRIDAY, JULY 2, 1824.
THE FUNDS.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
CoTubb e'ened this morning at 951, La, for the Account, but
soon afterwards very large sales were made, to the extent, at least,
of .eourroaar, i.austg tiscus w be Warr; and Op to
this hour they are 95j, 1.
FOREIGN FUNDS.
There has been a considerable depression in Colombian and
Mexican Scrip this morning—the former was done at one per cent.
discount, and the Foreign Market appears very heavy.
Current Prices : New Spanish 16, Old 21/ to 1 1, 95/,
Alliance Shares 131 to 14*, Mexican Scrip par to / pre. Colom-
bian Scrip / g die. French Scrip 15/, Austrian 94/ New Prise.
sian 97 ex. div. Old 981 1, Greek 10 die. Portuguese 90.
FOREIGN EXCHANGES.
HAMBURGM, Julia 25.—0 n London, 36.4. 2 Us. 36. 1.
Prreassuaon, Julia 11.—On London, 9.1542. Paris, tor.
Lamm, Juin ti.—On London, 2 M. 6.17.
Esaaur, Jima 22.—0 n London, 6 M. 6. 24.
BlZllltl, Jurrz 24.—0 n London, XlOO, 2 M. 604.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 237%—S per Cent. Reduced 941/2 %
8 per Cent. Cons. shut-3f per Cents. 101% %
4 per Cents. Assented 101% % 101
4 per Cents. New shut .
Rank Long Ans. 23%8 13-16—India Bonds‘B3 84
Exch. Bills of 4;1,000 (2d.) 36 3 7 ; (11/2d.) 34 3
Do. Small (2d.) 36 3 7 ; (11/2d.) 34 S
Consols tor Acct. 9514 3/8 94 1/8.

Hamburgh Papers to the '2sth ult. with Dutch and
Brussels Papers to the 30th, reached us this morning.
From these we learn that it is known, even in Germany,
that there will be no Congress on the affairs of South
America—though the true cause, thy refusal of Great
Britain to be a party, is not stated. The following are
extracts:

The Wrench squailion, consisting of a frigate and two
brige,Arrived on the sth in, Cronstadt Roads, which is
to convey Count de la Perronaye, the French Ambas-
sador, back to France. Marquis St. Simon, French
Ambassador at Copenhagen, arrived with it.
The principal differences with the Porte being now
adjusted, we expect that our former friendly relations
with Turkey will be restored, and Privy Counsellor Ri-
beaupierre is spoken of as our future Ambassador at
Constantinople.
Major-General Prince Chilkow is appointed Colonel
of the first Regiment of Hulans.

BRUSSCLS. JUNE '2l.

His Excellency Count Munster, the Hanoverian Mi-
nister, passed through this city 7esterday afternoon, orr
his way from London to Hanover.

STETTIN, JUNE 16.
Yesterday a general Jubilee was celebroted through-
out Pomerania, in memory of the Apostle of Pomerania,
Bishop Otto of Bamburg, who 700 years ago baptized
at the fountain called Otto's Well, at Pyritz, the 7,000
Pomeranians whom he had first converted to Chris-
tianity. The Crown Prince, by his Majesty's direction,
came to Pyritz, to be present at the solemnity, and to
lay the first stone of the monument in honour of Bishop
Otto, which his Majesty and his august sons have or-
dered to be erected at Otto's Well, and which will be
completed this year, conformably to the model which
was ethiSited. The Magistrates did. honour to- the
day by a resolution to establish a new Elementary
School, and to call it Otto's School.

The !rench Papers of Wednesday have been received.
The only atticles of interest they contain are specula-
tions on the power of M. de VILLELE.
The Journal des Desbals contains an article, the-style
of which reveals its author. It is a general attack on
the system followed by the present Ministry, written
with all the talent of a man of genius, and all the
bitterness of an enemy who has once been a friend,
To doubt, after this, that it proceeds from the pen
of Viscount CHATEAWSRIftND, would be 10 doubt the
evidence of our tenses. It is certainly calculated to
linjure his late colleagues, but it would do so mere
'deeply had not the writer remained their colleague-until
they forcibly thrust him out from amongst them. For
`the more effectually he exposes the misconduct of an
Administration. of which he did not willingly erase to
form a pact, the more clearly cloes•he shew that he pre-
ferred power to gaud policy and justice. Had not that
been the case, he would have retired rather than taken
his shaft of the responsibility of acts which he did net
approve. By remaining as he did, without even pro.
testing in the Cabinet, he became an accomplice in what
he now condemns, and proves himself entitled to a
portion of the blame which he unsparingly lavishes on
his former friends,

The Journal des Delta's of Tuesday contained a report
that Baron de DAMAS had tendered his resignation as
Minister of War; but this statement was positively. de-
nied in the Etoik of the same evening. In the Chamber
8f Deputies, on Tuesday, the accounts of the expendi-
ture of the French army in Spain were discussed. The
contract made with the Intendant-General, M.Ouvaa RD,
was particularly remarked upon by M. DVVAUX.—
M. de VILLELE admitted the burthensome nature of this
bargain, but observed, that the Government were com-
pelled to accede to the terms of OUVRARD for the sup-
ply of the army; and contended, that the complete
manner in which the contract had been performed by
the Intendant-General had greatly facilitated the ter-
mination of the campaign.
It is calculated that M. OUVRARD made a profit of
nearly a million sterling, during the six mouths cam-
paign in the Peninsula. The close of the debate was
loudly called for; M. CLAUSEL DE COUSSERGUES de-
manded to be heard relative, to a simple fact. " Gen-
tlemen," said the Honourable Member, " M. BENJA-
MIN CONSTANT, in the sitting of yesterday, stated one
fact respecting the situation of Spain. I have only two words to
say; I cisim, therefore your attention. M. BILPJANNN CONSTANT
Asked you—' Is the authority of the Throne re-established iu
Spain? Is it respected, when in defiance of Royal Ordounances,
numerous citizens are victims of re-actions ? Front this statement,
you.may believe, Gentlemen, that the partisans of the Cartes are a
prey to horrible persecutions.' " The speaker was proceeding, but
being frequently interrupted by movements in the Chamber, he
resumed his sear.

M. DUVAUX. demanded to be heard, to rectify an incorrectitate-
mem made by the 31initter of Fiance. The close of the discus-
,ion, however, being loudly and generally demanded, was put to
the vote and adopted.
PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

" PARIS, JUNE 25.

"The reception which the Infant Don Miguel has met
with at the Court of France, has not a little' surprised
and astonished sober thinking people. The King, at
the first interview, clasped Me Prince in his arms, and
shed tears! and invited him to dinner a few clays after-
wards. The Prince has also dined with the Minister of
Finance, and is to have a Royal Palace at Versailles al-
lotted for his residence. This is rather a curious recep-
tion from a Monarch to a Prince, who Wxs,a few weeks
only since rebelling and in arms against his sovereign and
his father; it does not shew much discouragement to
dethronement and rebellion ; and is a subject which one
would naturally suppose a French King, of all, others,
would be most delicate in meddling with,
,It appears
inure extraordinary stilt, that the Prince walked in the

received
The

Mt Wei; ,
saloonrr

Africa. The Captain states that hordes of natives from the interior
were overwhelming the settlements on the coast,. that they, had
taken possession of and burnt St. Mary's, on the Oarnhia, amid de-
stroyed much property. The white inhabitants lie to Corer ; they-
also had made several attacks upon Sierra Leonel and the inhabit-
ants were preparing to leave that place.

BA RBADOES% MAY 4.
His Majesty's ships F.den• and Scout, returned on Sunday trot,:
Para, having left that place imperfect tranquillity. We understand•
the Scout was fired at by the fort, in passing up the river, but 4:
couple of broadsides poured• in, made the Brazilians quickly repent
of their temerity.

. .

His Majesty's critter' Swallow, arrived from Martivique ad.;
morning. The French naval force is gradually assuming a respect-
able appearance in this quarter. We apprehend. three are now at
Martinique, one ship of 80 guns, three of 0 guns, besides many
vessels of smaller force, and a 74 gun ship at the aunts.

Letters dated the sth of May have been received fro
the city of Mexico'; and from Alvarado, dated the 14.:!:.
of the same month. An express reached Mexico ou the.
sd, with intelligence of the arrival at Sacrificios and
Alvarado, of seventeen vessels, one of which was the
LION cutter, with the remittances on board fur the Go-
vernment. A co►ndrrc.b, or convoy with specie, had left
Mexico the litter end of Aprils and had arrived safely
at Jalapa on its way to the coast. The- escort con,is:ecil
of 550 men. The specie under their charge artiouLted
to. t,200,000 dollars ; of which part was destined for
the payment of the troops tinder General VICTORIA; at
Vera Cruz, and the remainder for exportation on ac-
count of the merchants.

In consequence of the recent troubles i►t. Yucatan,.
General SANT*NA had been appointed Gtiternot
that.province, and had set out for Campeachy, with a
considerable body of troops. Yucatan had previcusly
united itself with the Central Government of Mexico.
Since the presentation of the lteport.of the Committee
of Congress recommending the appointment of a Su•
preme Director, much greater vigour had manifested
itself on the part of the Executive, and it was expected
that a special Commission would be appointed to in-
vestigate the affair of the murder of Mr. CRAWFORD,
anti,. if possible,. bring to justice the perpetrators of that
crime. An Englishman,. named WYLLIE, had beery
selected, it was said,' as the head of this Commission-
-We have received with the letters two numbers cf a
Paper published at Mexico, called El Sol; of the dates
of the l‘th and )9th of April. The chief article in the .
former is the report of the extraordinary Commission of
Congress, appointed to examine the best means of se--
curing the public tranquillity. The Commission re-
commends, for numerous tithed defects, and as a
pFventive of the tkreatened dangers,the concentration of
the powers of Government in a. single person, to be called
the Supreme Director of the Mexican Republic, chosen.
from among the present Members of the Executive.
The powers of this officer, and conditions of the ter-
mination of his office, are defined in the project with
which the report concludes; but it would be super fla,
otts. to enumerate them here.

•
Yesterday afternoon as two o'clock, a Cabinet COMI`•
cil was held at the Secretary of State's Office for Foreign Alfairs in
Downing-street, which was attended by the LORD Co.exceeeon,
the Duke of WELLINGTON, the Earls of Liessroon and Wevenuae-
LAIal, Mr. Secretary CANNING, Mr. Secretary Pm., the CHANCEL.-
LOll of the EXCIIIMGEN, Viscounts Msevites and SIONOUTII, Lord
&star, Mr. Wirss, &c. The Cabinet sat in deliberation till a
quarter east five o'clock.
Another Cabinet Council was held this day, at the
Foreign Office, Downing-street.
The American Ambassad'or transacted business with
Mr. Secretary CANNING yesterday at the Foreign Office. The Por-
tuguese Minister also transacted business for a considerable period
of time at the Foreign Office..
The Duke of YORK visited the KING yesterday,
Yesterday the Hanoverian Minister and the Right
lion. CEA IMES Assurnsor had audiences of his Msassly.

Prince LEOPOLD honoured the CUANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER and Lady SARAH Roamsoo with his company to dirtier
yesterday, at their residence in Dtewning-street, where there was
select party to meet his Royal fisighness..
The Marquis of HUNTLY gave a grand dinner yes-
terday to the Duke of You.. The following Noblemen and Gen.
tlemen were invited to meet his Royal highness:—!sari Bathurst,
Mr. Peel, the Earl of Westmorebild, Lord Sydney, the Martial.; of
lienford, Mr. Greenwood, Nlarquio- of Winchester, Lord Sid-
moutb, the Lord Chancellor, the Karl of Lauderdale, Duke of Wel-
lington, Lord Stowell, and Colonel Armstrong.
'l'he Earl of DwaLlaczow gave a grand dinner on
Wednesday to the Duke of York, the Duke of Wellington, the
Duke of Leeds, the Duke of Grafton, the Duke of Rutland, Lord
H. Fitzroy, Lord G. Cavandish, Lord F. Bentinck, Sir John
Shelly, Colonel and Lady 17— Lowther, Mr. and Lady C. Powlet,
Mr. Milner, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Thornhill, &c. at Cleveland Iloilo:,
St. James's-square.
The Duke of GLOUCESTER had a grand dinner party
yesterday, at Gloucester Howe, Park-lane.
Count and Countess LIEYEN gave another elegant
_ _

entertainment on Wednesday, at Ashburnhant House, to a dlnin-
guished party; among whom were the Prussian Ambassador, the
Duke of Dorset, the Earl and Countess Cowper, Earl Gower, the
Earl of Lauderdale, Baron Easel, Lord Palmerston, llou. Mr.:lnd
Mrs Agar Ellis, Lady E. Cunyugham, Mr. Lamb, &c.
Mr. GASELEE, King's Counsel, was yesterday ir.-
formed by the Loan CHANCELLOR, that he was aproiatted to tl.e
vacant seat on the bet clt of the Common Pleas. Mr. SvrjeaLt
VaIUGYAN had, we believe, expected the appointment, and v... 11 pro-
bably succeed on the next vacancy.
The Anniversary of the Battle of.Watelloo was SO-
eninised at Hanover on the 20th ult.
Monday night last, about 11 o'clock, a barbarous murder was.
committed in the road between Exeter and Collumpton. A labutir-
ing man, of the name of William Marshall, who had formerly been,
in the Marines, had that day gOne to Exeter for some leeches tor
child of his that was ill. On his, return in the evening, somewhat
intoxicated, Ann Taylor, a neighbour, had the child on her lap, and
said to him," I fear, William, it Is too late." Marshall went to
bed, and soon after the child died. After be had been up stairs an
hour, he came down ; and his wife, and three women who were hi
the room, fearing some tumult, attempted to prevent his coning
down, without success. He then went so an outhouse, gut a spade,
h and returning, aimed a blow at his wife, but she escaped. ender his
arm. The rest of the women fled ; llaashall pawned ; and ow.--
taking Ann Taylor, killed her, in a most brutal manner, with the
spade. The alarm was then. given,, and *e ingrate nuiderer sc-
ented. An Inquest was held on the body, which returned a verOics
of Wilful Murder, and the wretched criminal was committed to
Devon County Gaul. Ann Taylor, the deceased, was about z
years of age, the wife of a husbandman, and mother of six elnidreu.
She had kindly lent lit asststanet qn the dints/ of Marshall's anti..

11111111111111111 r
'S .
t. A 1
filet altstllerable loigth. Befqgt.. eridgoon the busing* terii.*Vgbillerlin fora new 41-110ITSANat. Procession, along with the French
~ Rcepi gsmily, on the
MIIIA. iii ,
_the day, hewm.adebsomerwi.
71/4blemobtax, —.., • . die benevolkit
$ the otter in in.bsaiViraillibrkto take ce of s latiMr- . . ~. ce kgreat day of the• Fete Dieu.
,Several files of American Papers have bees received
•.*.
,t , . . a.. . , .. tone in the lass
is
~.., this consideration he two Stat . lc a ' ref 'to -,,
Int•biaA Gazettes to the w ind„ eL
want ..•.v . : .
' : ' °ld this morning, though not later than the 9th Jnne. The
.:
itpera.'• tion. This ne AI ie tsv• be
eceived. The former bring jai hey t
" Dallimore Patriot, of the 6th June, contains-the follow..
to ave .
~.. - g wen _in tam, and we on Oast principles; wi
action of the black troops h . ,
ing disastrous news from, Ail ica: -
Id that it was considered an c . .
oo uch pplau the tern . ' .. which they conducted
dm Hon, Mr. IhitnleYe
di s•
proceedings. The principal speaker_ was tit is also expected that itwill be extended to the
d that troops had been ois. who, in an address of great force and ability, entered into the gene- kingdom of Poland. A passenger in the Pb be, from St. Thotitirc 044 Oil :Teti
The arrival of Mr. lien- ral question of colonial slavery, and criticised with great 'entity ST. PATFRSBUROII,. JUNE ie. York Mercantile Advertiser, informs us that the French schooner

. .
THr ARMY. •
RIIVIEWS OF CAfirtrY AND INFANTRY.
Therit will be a Grand Review of Cavalry Regiments on Wed-
Trsday nett!' on Hounslow Heath, in the presencegi,the Kura, the
Duke of lost, the Duke of Wissatancrosi. &c. The Bth, 15th,
and 17th Dragoons; the Ist and 2d Life Guards, and the Royals
Horse Guavas, are in the neighbouring villages around Hounslowo
preparing for the Review. The City Light Horse Volunteers are
to keep the ground.
Monday, the .sth instant, a brigade of three battalions of Foot
Guards will be reviewed in Hyde Park, at nine in the morning.
Thursday the Bth instant, a battalion of Foot Guards will be
reviewed in Hyde Park, at nine o'clock in the morning.
Saturday, the 10th instant, the whole of the three Regiments of
Foot Guards, will be reviewed In Hyde Park, at nine o'clock.
Tuesday, the Ist Division of the 24th Regiment of Foot arrived
at Plymouth ; they occupy Cumberland Barracks at present, but
will remove to Granby-square as soon as the Guards have left it,
which will be one day either in the end of this, or in the beginning
of next week.

SUMMER ASSIZES.
HOME, CIRCUIT.
'efore Mr. Baron Gaamax and Mr. Justice BURROUGH.

Hertfordshire, Thursday, July 29, at Hertford.
J.:i.e.:, 111onday, Aug. 2, at Chelmsford.
Rent, Monday, --‘ 9, at Maidstone.
Sussex, Saturday, 14, at Lewes.
Surrey, Thursday, 19, at Guildford.
• OXFORD CIRCUIT.

Before Sir JAME% ALLAN PARK, and Sir Joszett LITTLLDALI.
Berkshire, Monday, Jury, '26, at Abingdon.
thfordsbire, Wednesday, 28, at Oxford.
Worcestershire, Saturday, 31, at Worcester.
City of Do. same day at the City of Ditto.
Staffordshire, Thursday, Aug. 5, at Stafford.
Shropshire, Wednesday, 11, at Shrewsbury's
Jierefordshire, Monday, 16, at Hereford.
'Monmouthshire, Saturday, 2i, at Monmouth.
Gloucestershire, Wednesday, 25, at Gloucester.
-City of Ditto, Same day, at the City of Ditto.
PREROGATIVE COURT, JULY 1.
