UTSTMIN'STER MEETING.

Yesterday a Meeting of the Householders and In-
habitants of the City of Westminster was held pur-
suant to Requisition, in Palace-yard, to consider an
Address to the Prince Regent on the late atrocious
attack on his Royal person. Crowds began to as-
semble at twelve o'clock, and by one, Palace-yard
was nearly filled. About a quarter past one the
High Bailiff, Sir Francis Burdett, Lord Cochrane,
Major Cartwright, Mr. Hunt, and several Members
of the Westminster Committee, entered the Hustings.
The HIGH BAILIFF took the Chair, and opened
the business of the day by reading the Requisition.
During the eleven years in which he had held his
present situation. he was sensible of no instance in
which he had given the citizens of Westminster cause
to complain of his conduct, and on'the present occa-
sion he most willingly complied with their wishes.
Major Caere/moor, in coming forward to propose
the Address, thought• himself bound to take a re-
view of the circumstances of the period in which the
Meeting was assembled—a period on which depen-
ded the liberty or slavery of the country. It bad
been said, that the public itiind was in a disturbed
state; and that confusion and breaches of the peace
had taken place : but who were the authors of that
confusion ? Not certainly the friends of Reform.
He and the present Meeting had been always the ad-
vecates of Reform, and they gloried in the title;
hot their conduct had always been orderly, their ob-
jects declared, and their motives unassailable. No
disturbance bad been either countenanced or fomented
by them ; nor were tbeir principles of loyalty. to the
throne, as well as reverence for the constitution, lia-
ble to doubt or miseonstniction, except from the venah
and the corrupt. Tne friends of corruption had,
however, endeavoured to fix upon them the charac-
ter of disloyalty, and had declared that the criminal
excesses that lately happened might be traced to their
machinations. The -London Tavern Meeting of
Bankers, Merchants, and Traders, claiming' exclu-
sive loyalty, had branded the Reformers as (omen-
'tens and encouragers of the atrocious attack on his
Royal Highness, which they this day assembled to
reprobate. There could not be a baser and more un-
founded calumny. He would not, however, waste
the thus of the Meeting in arguing with such men :
one stroke of the tail of the farmer of Botley (Cob-1
bete) had quite demolished them, and seduced them
to dust. These mew were the true fomenters of dis- '
turbance ; and being detected. in the fact, followed
the practice of pickpockets, who called out “shop
Thief," to conceal themselves, by directing public
attention to others (A/1/lure). It was of the highest
importance to impress his Royal Highness with the
character of-those whet professed to be his 'friends,
and who, by their wicked advice, directed the senti-
ments of his subjects againit him, and expend him
to those assaults which he had lately received. He
(Major Cartwright) should wish his eyes were turned
to the page of history ; that he were directed to re-
flect on the character of a Cecil and a Walsingbam,
in the days of Queen Elizabeth, adti the happiness
that followed their compels. He was anxious that
he might be induced pa make a comparison between
them and his, present servants. That great Queen
did not listen to such men as Canning and Castle-
reagh, and she reigned in the hearts of bet subjects
-.4 Greg* dfliplostep..The triumph of bad Minhters,
he was convinced, was now, however, drawing to
an end. Reform and corruption had now come to
clone quarters, and the contest must soon be decided
—(Great Aftplensee)..—Thi Nation had been its forty
years in the wilderness; we were now nearly pn the
confines of the land of promise; and when we
rived, woulfffind it a land flowing with the milk and
honey of liberty and property—(Great Aftfilause).--
, This laud we were destined to eater and possess.—
There might be some difference of opinion with :re-
gard to reform, but short accounts with ceprisseists-
lives to whom we entrusted our greatest interests were
undoubtedly best. There was a class of Reformers
who called themselves moderate Reformers, who did
nut seem convinced of this principle, but who dwelt
on the advantages of triennial Parliaments, and ex-
pressed their satisfaction at such a limitation of Par-
liaments. What would these men think of the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, if, in compliance with their
own principle, he offered a triennial budget-- (Oreet
sad reiterated effokaue)—would they not be apt to
smell in such a project corruption and treason ?
(Great ithaiinue).—Tbe Major coneloded by propo-
sing to read the Address to the Priam Regent, which
had been previously drawn op, and which embreeed
all the topics of his speech, with many others which
he did not introduce.

It was read aloud by Mr. WALKIIII and is as
follows

' Tat 111111TPLIIIIMISS 01' 711 IMttatTAMT 1101/11ZIPAD11211
01 TIM OTT AND &UNITIES Of
" May Moises your Royal Higbuiress • •
. • " We, his s loyal subjects, tie Minos of Written-
' men boo to be permitted humbly to approach your Royal High.,
nese, with an espresso& of our uofeigued' sorrow, that our Uty
should have been the MINI of gross and Gamesman's/is against
your Royal, Highness, aml la your Royal pingo, against the
Kingly office sod authority, and ale with as oven's's' of our
iniliguatioe at the media' of the persons vrho wore guilty of
such brutil and criositiel name!► and we feel arnildeot 'Mt
you ROW Highness will Net -be dmposid w realm hie
grisi-
only tbeseasseirances deer attachment, If we adeanur
to avian our einesity by frankly dinned. to your inysi High-
OW our of the Character and of the real causes d acts IS
die 4 criminals
We presume not to penetrate the hearts and .idiot of Mom
who appiereil to wish to see setablahed the.Aspt, that a simian
misted Main the life of your Royal Highness, to be led
by amaasofdeadly weapon. or anus, the mask a treasona-
ble coamdracy ; but we hesitate sot to avow our grim Mtletic-
tkso that such fact has proved use to be well founded, on which
we are well assured that your Royal ilighnesi will approve of our
cordial coogratislotions,. seeing, that even the wish to preserve
year own life cannot be more near to your heart than the with
16 see every part of the people of England stand before the world
clear of the inspotauon, or sapient, of premeditated or cold-
blooded amassioatioo—And we humbly beg leave In aid our coa-
lition Lem that your Rigel Wine's, to turning your recollec-
deo to the shot which was really Eked trim the Bank of the
Thames, and which wended we or the benign in a barge, in
which was your Royal predecessor, Queen Elisabeth, you will
also manner, an tonna ready to suer from year own lips,
her Majesty's Emden and memorable words oa that occasion,
' That she wrodillsod credit to lathing against her people, which
parents would out believe of their own clinchers.'
" Such as loglinasso were io time days, ws humbly pre-
^awn to assure your Royal Highness, we, thrar nu&m. now
I are, faithful to our boverago sod worthy of his coofideoce ; but,
we cannot refrain from observing to your Royal 'Highness, that
wile and anomie Coluwellors, like a CecU aan a Walsiogham,
nablad thaillinsiom Queen to ieaU • beton* her guards,' and
to declare thee sow, was better la Mr sebjecte.pockess than
is her own Unarm while Counsellors, like a Casdereigh
and a Caning, laser having denied your People tone very dregs
of misery and mareadam•-have addled. your Royal Highoeia to

I eagle link just cOmplakt to disloyal and Widow &dem..
Wee draw nabosa the metropolis& line of eircumvallatlea
of bar-
aeb,of depots, and of arsenals—have tilled your palace courts
with troops and artillity—have surrounded your Royal person
with menacing drampisww-and have thus, by making your people
misera)le, and at the same time exhibiting your Royal Highness.
'as deaf to their cries, as suspecting their ddeltry and setting them
at dellance, driven some of the unhappy sulferers to that sate of,
desperation which alone could ',reduce the perpetration of tholel
manes, which we so strongly reprobate, and which we hope
they have already sincerely repented.
" Open, we humbly beseech your Royal Highness, the faithful
page of history, and when your Royal Highness has there read
the invariable consequence of Princes being induced to make
common cause with corrupt courtiers against an hinted people,
we presume humbly to hope that your Royal Htgbaess will re-
ceive, with your natural kindness and Indulgence, Mi. our dutiful
and loyal Address." ,

Mr. Conarrr. jun. rose to propose the adoption of
this Address. He declared himself unable to express
in adequate terms the indignation he felt at the at
tack made on the Prince Regent, and at the feeble
effort made to convert it into a handle for introduc-
ing certain measures. As he could not address the
Meeting fluently, he trusted they would consider
his silence more eloquentehan his words, in the expres-
sion of his feelings on this occasion—(Afte/aere.)
Mr. WALKIIR informed the Meeting, that the Gen-
tleman who had just addressed them, was son to the
celebrated Mr. Cobbett. He was a sensible young
man, but as it was his first essay at public speaking,
he relied on obtaining their indulgence—(A/0/one.)
Mr. WALKER then rose to second the motion. It
was now six years since he bad seconded an address
to the Throne, proposed by the venerable Major who
stood near him. The worthy Gentleman reprobated
with severity the epithets which were applied to the
advocates of Reform, and contended for the neces-
sity of that measure—(Applause.) He observed, that
a.syssem which drew money from the people to pur-
cbaie venal votes against the people, merited the
loudest execration. Some of these ill-gotten gains
were indeed lately relinquished, but the sum would
not be very considerable until all the back-reckonings
were disgorged.—(Lead dolmen.) However great
may be the evil of sinecures, they did not constitute
the whole of the enormity, they were the inducements
to commit further crimes, and caused votes to be given
in such a manner as to secure further enormous sums
fur the holders of them. He would not trespass lon-
ger on their attention, as their worthy Representa-
tives were on the hustings, and would probably wish
to address them—( Lead cheeriag.)
Mr. Hume came forward, amidst acclamations of
applause, and addressed the Meeting with the words
" Englishmen, and fellow-citizens.' He said, that
on no occasion had he appealed before them with
more pleasure than at the present importaqtperiod,
on which the liberty or slavery of the country de-
pended—(Apeknus.) Not having been acquainted
with the nature of the Address, before he, in common-
with the rest of the Meeting, had heard it read from
the hustings, it was impossible-Whim to have made
up his mind sooner whether be should support or op-
pose it ; but the presumption was that he must neces-
sarily give it his approbation, on seeing it in. the
hands of the venerable Major. If indeed the- Ad-1
dress could have contained each gross and conteutp,
tible flattery as that which lately proceeded from the
loyal Corporation of London, unaccompanied by a
manly avowal of the feelings of the people, he should
have objected to it, as unworthy the Citizens of
Westminster. There was not an Englishman, who,
on cool reflection, did not abhor the late outrage of-
fered to his Royal Highness; but there was likewise
no Englishman, a friend to his Prince and his cnui-
try, who would offer an adulatory Address on the
°cession, without, at the same time, adding the ex-
pression of his feelings on the cause and character of
those measures that produced the outrage. He un-
derstood that his Royal Highness, on his way from
the Stable-yard to that House opposite—(A hue),
suffered a gross indignity ; that he bad been hissed,
hooted, and groaned at by almost every one of his
Royal. Hight's:is's subjects then present—that one ge-
neral feeling seemed to prevail on the occasion—and
that the same oulageous insults were, with some cir-
cumstances of aggravation, repeated on his Royal
Highness's return; so that, if a conspiracy existed,
it was one surprisingly ettensive, for it appeared to
inhabit the breast of every person who surrounded
the Royal equipage. Such an occurrence was un-
doubtedly much to be tunented, but it was ho less
a cause of regret, that the .people of England, pro.;
verbally.kind-hearted and forgiving, should be reduced
to such a state of despair as to induce such conduct.
(Lord aNdaale.) There must be something wrong
at bottom—it must be that the people were burning
with indignation at the wrongs they have endured
from the proceedings of the borough-mongering fac-j
dos in that House—(pointing to the House of Com-1
mono), and could not avoid expressing
,jheir
feelings, where they hdped, if fully known, they must:
be folly attended to—(Ajilelaase.) It was their duty,:
as good and loyal subjects, to speak the Truth to the
Throne—to point out with handout and firmnese
the cause of such violejtce—and to tell his Royal
Highness what must be the result of a diffetent
course of policy. 'This, their Address did—it referred
the Regent to the proud days of old England, as.
hesitated in the reign. of 'Queen Elizabeth; it pointed
out bow she lived in the heasts-of her subjects, whoid.
love and coafidence, &s ate had newer betrayed them;
• waverer esteemed brhee as her best safeguard.,
She was magnanimous and wise enough to feel, that
to live in the hearts' of an independent and 'grate:
ful people, secured her safety and her honour MOLE
effectually -than , if she were encircled with my..
riads of mercenary bayonets—(bond cheering.);-.
His Royal Highness was probably beginning to. per-
ceive this tenth; he had already surrendered a part
of his income ;he had given tip—What ? a fifth of a
fourth of the Civil List.—(A laugh.) And his Mi-
oisters' would by end by.make a surrender, perhaps,
of at ninth of a tenth of their salaries (Loud laughing.)
If, however; his. Royal Highness etiottnued the course
he bad. thus happily begun, -if he gave up double or
treble the sum -(Sows voids. in Ms crowd, No, iso,)—
the next time he came to that House opposite, be
would be received, not *kb booting or hissing, but
' with the bud acclatisatioes.ef a- generous and grate-
ful people—(Load tied rapeateetchareing.) It was their
duty to tellhim this; for his Royal Highness had
flatterers enough'about him at Carltoo House, and
unless the people sometimes spoke the truth to him,
he stood a good Chance of 'never hearing it—(4ft-
isiaarp) Souk corrupt tools of party, aye, and among
the Whigs too, attempted to trace this outrage co the
Reformism. Universal Suffrage and Annual. Podia-

went: were the sauree of this disgraceful attack.--
[Here a Gentleman behind Mr. Hunt interrupted
him.]—" I wish, Gentlemen, that I may mit be in.
tempted. I am advised not to speak any mere to
you, because it is going to enin ; if, however, it
your pleasure that I should be silent, I have di,ner
[A voice from the crowd, We Westminster lea hie to
hear you, Master Blunt."—Shouts of " dye, aye, Go tn."}
He defied the tools of Corruption to implicate a sin.
cere Reformer in the transaction ; and if it could nut
be traced to the Reformerss to whom then could 4t
be traced ? In what Petition, or at what Meeting
for Reform, was contempt or hostility to his Royal
Highness inculcated I Where did they ever attempt
to vilify or degrade his Highness's character ? where
did they ever throw out any reproaches against the.
Civil List ? On the contrary, they had ever study.
ously avoided insult ; unlike, in this respect, a certaie
faction, who were ever dwelling on the little pero,
nal vices or follies of the Prince. There was the Ed;.
tor of the liforniag Cheswick, who was ever settine
apart a column of his Paper to some mean and daf
tardly insult upon his Royal Highness, and relating
such circumstances of his private life as would induce
one to imagine that Mr. Perry kept company with
the scallion or boot-boy at Carlti.n House.--(L,4
kagiing.) Such conduct could not arise from 4 sin.
• sere love of his country, but solely to gratify the
Whig Patty—they who, when in power, had raised
the Civil List, bad increased the allowances to the
Royal Dukes, and upheld the sinecures r This Jas.
tiredly conduct arose solely from a feeling of
tion, because his Royal Highness did not employ thg
Party. and enable them to pick the pockets of the Peo-
ple, for their own emoluments and that of their more
' humble followers, one of whom was this Mr. perry.
This was the Party who first cried out against there.
formers. He complained that Mr. Perry had not in.
serted his speech at the Spafields Meeting, taking the
, liberty with his readers of not representing all that
' took place on that occasion.—(Some laughing.) With
respect to the green bag, that, be believ, id, had pretty
nearly exploded—he was confident at least that none
of the Reformers could be traced into it. • He con-
gratulated the Meeting on the surrender of his tine.
cure, by Marquis Camden—(.9m/mile); and he had
also learned that ont of the Whigs (Mr. Ponvinby)
had followed the example.— (Lewd cheering.) Such
was the result of the Petitions of the Pecple; and it
was satisfactory for them to perceive drat they had
not petitioned in vain.—(ifmknoe.) He hoped the
other sioecuriSts would follow the good example, and
when they had all given up every thing they now pos.
ceased, it would then be the duty of the People to
make them disgorge their former plunder. The Re.
formers. he observed, had formerly been designated as
a low and contemptible crew, but now they were re.
presented in a certain Chamber over the way, by Mr.
Canning too, as a poor, honest set of people, deluded
by some artful men. • If, however, they were delu-
ded, it was much better that they should be cheated
into the truth, than exposed to the delusions of low
cant and hypocrisy with which that gentleman might
"treat them. He hoped his Royal Highness would
reflect who were the loyal people—those who paid
thetazes, or those who lived on them—(4olaure)
those who supported'his dignity, or those who would
betray it, by deceiving him in respect of the real Goa.
dition of the country. In the Address there teas sot
one word offeusiee.no, they would leave those dirty
unmanly attacks to the pettifogging Party; but he
would assure his Royal Highness that there was as
much loyalty in being loyal to the Country, as in
being loyal to the Throne, and that no man could be
considered loyal to his King who was not firmly at.
tacked to the entire Constitution (4/1/i/ause.) If any
attempts were made to stop the voice tit 'he People,
he trusted that the Citizens of Westminster would
Meet to remonstrate against such an iniringement of
the liberties of the subject—( Loa cries of " 1; e will,
We will.") The green bag shoat! be thrown into the
air, for nothing would be discovered in it to justify
such measures as Gagging Bills, at least Lord James
Murray could see nothing in it, for the glass of the
carriage had got into his eye.—(if laugh.) English.
men could meet and separate peaceably; but, it their
Opinions happened to differ from those of the Borough.
mongers, there was an instant cry of treason, plot,
and conspiracy. Their conduct was like that of pick.
pockets, who, when in dodger of detection, were the
first to cry out " Stop thief l"—(if laugh.) But k
WAS too bad, after picking the pockets of the people,
to bfing in Gagging bills, mad prevent the possib:.
lity of a complaint. In Spafields, on Monday last,
there were, at the lowest computation, one hundred
thousand persons, who met, and separated, as Eng- •
lishmen should do, without violence; and he was con•
winced that nothing tended so effectually to reserve!:
the public peace and tranquillity, as allowing the
people to meet and petition.—(Leed atitioige.)
Mr. WALKER.—"e Gentlemen, we have voted the
Address somewhat out of regular order. I shall now
propose what was intended to her been the Erg
Resolution. The green bag has, 14ii.k, been pre:'!
well disposed of; and, although my Lord JAMS
'Murray's eye may be somewhat dimmed from the
gloss, the mental vision of the country is, I trust, fre-
frem every, cause of obscurity."— (Applause.)
• Rived—That this Meeting think it right to mar lino7;:i
• tp the Prince Regent,, their cUsgust and abhorrence at tut
atrocious attack made on his Royal H'ghness.
The Resolution was carried unanimously, as wre
also the two following :
• Resolved-1 kat our nepresentatleee, Sir Francis Burdett arel 4
Lord Cochrane together with the H.gh Bail:ff, are requested
present the said Adores' to the Priuce Regent.
Resolved—That our warmest thanks are due, lied are Lyre.'
'riven, to Sir Francis Burdett arid Lord Cochrane, for :!•:
unceasing and steady efforts in pursuit of the recovery of
Consdtutional Rights and Liberties.
After the acclamations with which the last Roc'
lotion was received, had subsided,
Sir FRANCIS Bottom. came forward. Ile hrp6,
that the unanimity displayed by the present Mee:'ri
(to which he expressed his gratitude for those ours', ,
of approbation) was only an earnest of the unanima):
of the people throughout the country for the ucovert,
of their common rights, now too well and too ciexti!L
understood, to be much longer withheld l' Ina'k
borough-mongering faction, who, he conscien:iotilt
believed, were the source of all the distresses of tht t.
country...-(dpidainte.) —The time was now at ban 4
and he hoped that the venerable Major, whose ye
ceasing exertions had been devoted to the came r
Reform, and who looked for no other reward tha
success in his patriotic enterprise, would particir'
in the. consummation that was the object of
:united wishes. The Gentleman who lately atlik''"'

(Mr. Hunt) had, probably by a dip of the
them
tongue, called the present Addreu adulatory, but it
efiltalr.?d no expression to justify that character, it
"; a candid statement of their feelings, such as be-
cone theta as freemen to make. The Major had
:old them that the principal obstacle they had to en•
linter was the borough-mongering faction; but the
er:errions of that party were confined to the walls of
Nome of Commons, and obtained no co-or:ra-
tio from any class of persons in the country. from
Joe Sovereign on the Throne doyn to the poorest
nt The conduct of that pally had been well
ro.. •
corn' fired to that of a pick-pocket?- who, when in
danger of detection, was the first to cry out •' Stop
;f!" it put him in mind of a story be had once
ird ot a dishonest steward, who, whenever a com-
a was brought against him for improper conduct,
is cried out, " Oh, you stole my mantes fag-
!"—(A la' k.)—ln the same manner, when the
le demand their rights, the faction cry out,
'reason ! Treason !"—(Applause.)—Tlsetandea.
' to persuade their Sovereign that loyalty to
institution was disloyalty to the Throne, and
.mpted to inculcate the doctrine, alike dangerous
0 the Monarch and injurious to the country, that the
assertion of liberty was inconsistent with affection to
N. person. He alluded to the surrender of the Sine-
cares, and compared those who gave them up to the
leavers, wt.o, when pursued, are represented as being
aware of the cause of it, and tear from themselves
those parts of their bodies which they know are the
objec.s of pursuit. He hoped the example now set
wiwlti be effectually followed up by a xemplete spirit.
of retrenchment in every department, and particu-
brly in the military establishments, under which this
country could not long continue free. The Sine-
cures in themselves probably did not amount to a
ver'y large sum ; that is, in comparison with the rest
ot our enormous expenditure, but they were the cause
of other immense sums being lost to the country.-...
It was as it a dishonest servant, to put a few shillings
in his own pocket, suffered his master to be cheated
' several pounds. (Applause.) They aU knew the
rune of a water pump, and had frequently seen a
'set of water thrown into it when the sucker was
dry ; it might be asked what signified that bucket of
water ? but if that had not been thrown in, no water
could have been thrown up ; so that, by -means of
ore bucket, the pump might be worked unlit the en-
tire spring was exhausted. (Loud applause.) In like
manner, the sinecures operated as a forcing pump, by
which the whole wealth of the nation was placed in
the power of the Ministers. (Cheers.). The Hon.
Baronet then adverted to the ominous green bag that
had been laid on the table of the House of Commons,
and he hoped diet if any measures were contens.
plated for preventing the free expression of public
opinion, the people would meet and remonstrate
against theist. He, however, thought, no such laws
would be enacted, and even if they were, they could
not supersede Magna Clam and the Bill of Rights.
He commented on the use- of the *fords " lower
classes of society," which he considered as a jargon
of modern invention, unknown altogether to the Bri-
toil Constitution. There was no distinction of classes
in this country except that of Lords and Commons.
The Lords enjoyed peculiar privileges, and sat in a
separate House of Parliament, but all persons not
having seats in that House enjoyed an equal satins.-
bon in the eye of the law. • Some men, as most seer
be the case, were rich, and others poor, bat theit
rights were still die same; and the life. liberty, and
property bf the humblest individual were equally re-
spected as those of the most wealthy.—(Appleau.)—
He should feel much pleasure in presenting their
A,ddress to the Prince. itegent, -ana be • hoped his
Royal Highness would ponder on it. and turn to the
page of history, the fruitful page of Queen Elisa-
beth's reign, imitate her wise and magnanimous con-
duct, and not follow the suggestions of heads or hearts
less' good and generous than his own. (ApNinste.)
Distant as was the period of that glorious. Queen's
reign, the name of Elisabeth still vibrated with plea-
sure on the ears of every Englishman—she set an ex-
ample to all' succeeding Princes, which, he trusted,
bis Royal Highness would feel a pleasure in follow-
ing. —(Cosiissatel Applause.)
Lord Coennoex returned thanks to the Meeting,
as well for their present appeobatioa of his conduct,
as for their generous support Of him on more trying
matrons. He expected that day to have seen their
hustings crowded with some of the exsiessiwly !gal
mug but he was surprised to see not one sinecurtst
there to express his abhorrent, at the atrocious attack
"his Royal Highness. Whis then were his faithful
people—('l We are," from several voices).—" Yes,
(said the Noble Lord) " you, indeed, are his faith-
ful people, and 'we oust look for those who threw the
stone among the persons who staid away from this
Meeting (Lewd App/assu).—The body of the penile
were now, as in Elisabeth's days, the surest
Saud for the Sovereign's palm; and he trusted that
din present Address would open the eyes of his Royal
Highness to the titre character of his subjects, and
induce him M proteetthem from the numerous hordes
of tax-eaters, whb devoured the wealth and strength ,
of the country--(Chant).—He censured, in se-
/eta terms, the last Meeting at the London Tavern.
which was intended to delude and insult the people,
and ridiculed the fanciful scheme of suns persons
in the country (alluding, to the supporters of the,
Speneean Plan) who proposed to give up all the
land and property of the State into the hands of
Government, that a distribution might be made no
the people according to their wants. He was sal
one of those who would intrust the Governmeat with
every thing ; he had already • seen how a large share
of the property of the country, in the hands of Go-
vernment, had been disposed of by them, and could
not think of trusting them to a greater Cileat. Su
Pose the Government did hold all the property of
country, among whom would they distribute it N-. 1
YAmong therdlelves, to be sure, said several persons
in the crowd.)—Amoog themselves, certainly, said
the Noble Lord, and such a distribution would go
a short way towards relieving the distresses of the
`o in4y— (lord applause.) He contrasted the conduct
of the Prince Regent in generously giving up part of
What uodoubted right as Chief Magistrate
431 the Kingdom, with that of the Slams/ins, who,
"ejaid, only surrendered what they had no right to,
4.:° which they bad too long enjoyed. With respect to
'"v attack on the Prince Regent's carriage, it was
c"u Watery to them to know, that what Lord James
'"'unay had called a pistol shot was only a stone, which
endured sech as effect ea the rytepossies of -the Noble

l

Lord's ear, that he almost fancied it a 50,000 pounder.'
This great shot, however, was not found in the car-
riage, but It was now thrown among the people ; and
he trusted that they would not den.t until they have
caused the sinecurists to heave all their great ihot
overboard draw all their ballast from the hold, they
would then get top beavy, and the people would ul-
timately find no difficulty in driving them out of the
line.—(Cheers.) He ridiculed the FinAnce Commit-
tee that had been appointed in the House of Com-
mons, the majo.rity of which, he said, received fifty
thousand pounds a-year of the public money. What
confidence could the People repose in their Report
(Cries of 46 Nome.") He alluded to the lormation
of the Secret Committee which had been formed by
the Minister, who hid given lists of those who were
to compose it to his minions in the House, and their
majority, of course, decided it; and stated that Mr.
Brougham had detected the trick by reading a list of
the Committee, while the House was going through
the mockery of a ballot.—(Loud cries of Hear.)—
Only two days ago three Members were found skulk-
ing an a corner of the House in order to avoid voting
on either side of the question, which was whether a
Petition for. Reform should be received ? An Ho-
nourable Member (Mr. Lambton) who deserved a
statue for his presence of mind, inquires' of one .of
them (Mr. S. Thornton) whether he knew what was
the immediate question before the House; to which
he replied, that he knew nothing about the matter.—
( largh.) He was then asked en which aide be
meant to vote, when he looked about him, and find-
ing that his own friends were the .1 Noes," he went
out of the House and joined them in the lobby,- But
this was only one instance of the bias towards the in-
ter Pits of the public which wai daily exhibited in
that House, where, upon a division being called for,
a score of Members, who had been pen/iv in the
coffee-rooms, might be seen hastening down in order
to vote ona subject which had been discussed in their
absence. "Oh ! (said the Noble Lord) if you knew the
management of that House—if-the rople of England
were there but for one day, they wMild not desire to
continue there a week." (Applause.) He agaid re-
turned thanks to the Meeting for the honour they bad
done him, and told them that in every thing that
concerned their interest they might recktse on his
earnest assistance. He should proceed as far as his
own judgment would warrant, but beyond that, be
could never be driven by the opinions of any other
set of persons. (Loud applause.)
Mr. Huwr observed, that Sir Francis Burdett had
misunderstood him id thinking that he had applied
the word ,g adulatory" to the present Address. The
Address did not merit that epithet, which be had
used to designate the one that proceeded from the
loyal men at the Loidon TA vern. He then moved
the thanks of the Meeting to Major Cartwright,
which was granted by acclamation.
Major CARTwaIGUT returned thanks in a few
words, and promised a cootinmince of his feeble ex-
ertions. ( Lewd efieffing.)
The thanks of the Meeting were likewise voted to
the High Bailiff, who complimented them nn
.the or-
der and decorum with which the proceedings had
been tonducted, after which be declared the Meeting
to be dissolved. The people then peaceably separated.

114112LL4MENT4IRT PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OP LORDS. FIBRUARY U.

Ceased were Mare in osatiepatisi. touching the Second. or
Whiteside Snub of the Qmensberrf Lease Cana. Slather
hearing to tabs place tomorrow.
After thin proceedies the N 0... asthma to eh for sense dam,
' but no Inisioese was transacted. •
The Cape"( Goad Hope Trade Bill Use over fora Second

'said
int '
rays
• jots •
rem
'fro
yawed
to Cot
attimpt
:o the It
usertio
it pers
cam,
teams
aware
those p
objec s
of retr
lirly in
countr]
lures
ter) IA
of our
of othe
It was
is his a
of seve
nature
bucket
dry ;
water i
could
one buy
tire 91
manner
which
the po
Baron'
had be
and he
plated
opitliol
agains
would
rot su;
He cc
