THURSDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 8, 1831.

THE KING'S LEVEE.
His Majesty held a Late, at St. James Palace, at
two o'clock yesterday.
The Rajah Rammohan Roy was introduced to an
audience of the King by the 'Right Hoo. Charles Grant,
the President of the Board of Control, and was mat gra-
ciously received. The Rajah wag the costume of a Brah-
min—viz. the turban and kabah ; the latter was composed
of purple velvet, embroidered with gold.
Captain Burton, of the Scots Fusileer Guards, was pre-
sented to the King in the Royal Clotet,, by ffia Marquis of
Clanricarde, upon his being appointed a Lieutenant in the
cape of the Yeomen Guard.
His Majesty gave audiences to the Archbishop o Canter-
bury. Lord Foley, the Marquis of Winchester, the Marquis
of Clanricarde.Farl Grey, Viscount Melbourne, Viscount
Palmerston, Lord Hill, Viscount Combermere, the Earl of
Albemarle, the Field-officer in Waiting, and the Officers of
the Guards.

There were also present at the Entre Levee, the French,
Russian, and Austrian Ambassadors ; the Salon. Hanove-
rian, Wirtemberg, Danish, and Neapolitan Ministers ; the
Charge d'Affaires from the United States,Gen. Baudrand,on a
special mission from the French Government; the Archbishop
of Canterbury, the First Lord of the Treeing, the Secrets.
ries of State for the Home and Foreign Departments, the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, the First Lord of the Admi-
ralty, the Secretary of State foe Ireland, the Muter of the
Horse, the Groom of the Stole, the Earl Marshal, the Com-
mander of the Forces, the Captain of the Honourable Corps
of Gentlemen Pensioners, the Captain of the Yeomen Guard,
the Vice-Chamberlain, the Master. General of the Ordnance,
Viscount Combermere (Gold Stick in Waiting), the Muter
of the Ceremonies, Earl Amherst and Sir Robert Otway,
the Lord and Groom in Waiting, Master Stephenson, Page
of Honour, the Rev. S. P. Wahlin, D.D. Chaplain to the
Swedish mbassy.
Monsieur Gerudorff, the Saxon Minister, was introduced
to the Queen by Sir Robert Chester, the Master of the
Ceremonies. His Excellency delivered his credentials, and
was most graciously received. Her Majesty was attended
by her Chamberlain. Earl Howe.
The Duchess of Cambridge visited the Queen yesterday.
Mr. Davies, the King's surgeon, came to town yesterday,
from Windsor, to report to their Majesties and the Duchess
of Saxe Weimar the improved state of the health of Prince
Harmer, the infant son of the Duchess of Saxe Weimar,
who has been affected with the infantine fever, and a bilious
fever, from which the Prince is now recovering.
The Hanoverian Minister visited the Duchess of Cumber-
land yesterday.
THE ARMY.

HORSE GIJAADS,--S-irr. S.
GENERAL ORDER.
CAralry—let Regiment of Life Guards; 2d ditto ditto;
Royal Regiment of Horse Guards ; 7th Dragoon Guards ;
2d (or R. N. B.) Dragoons ; oth or Queen's Royal Lancers.
Royal Artillery—Two nice•pounder batteries of six guns
each.

Foot Guards—Gtenadier Regiment, lst battalion ; 3d
ditto ; detachments of Coldstream regiment; Scots Pullen's,
Ist battalion ; 2d ditto.
The Honourable Artillery Company.
The troops specified above will assist at the ceremony of
their Majesties' Coronation on Thursday nest, the 13th Wt.
and will, on that occasion, be commanded by Major.Oeneral
Sir Charles Dalbiac, &Cal.
The infantry will be under the Immediate command of
Colonel Woodford, of the Grenadier Guards t and the nine.
pounder batteries under that of Lieutenant-Colonel Cleave-
land, of the Royal Artillery.
The Queen's Royal Lancers will, on Wednesday, the 7th
instant, take the Cavalry (hard at the Horse Guatds, and be
relieved by the Household brigade on Thursday afternoon,
after the ceremony.
A detachment of 300 men' f the Coldstream Guards, with
the necessary complement of officers, and non-commissioned
officers, will march from the Tower at an early hour on
Thursday morning, and on its arrival at Charing.croßs will
receive further orders from Colonel Woodford.
This detachment will return to the Tower on Thursday
afternoon, to relieve a detachment of the Royal Artillery,
which the 31astet-General of the Ordnance has been
to spare from the Garrison of Woolwich, to take a share
of
the Tower duties during the ceremony.
The 7th Dragoon Guards will take post near the Fe-
male Orphan Asylum, on the Sons, side of Westminster
Bridge.
The Royal North British Dragoons, the Queen's Royal
Lancers, and die. Royal Artillery, will take post in St.
Jamea's Park.

The Foot Guards will line the streets along the route of
the procession (beginning at the western entrance of West-
minster Abbey), as far as their numbers will admit; and the
Hon. Artillery Company will take post In &. Margaret's
Church-yard, with its left upon the Church, and its right
extending towards Bridge-street.
A Captain's Guard of the Household Brigade will tithe
post in the open apace near the Insolvent Debtors' Court,
opposite the western entrance to Westminster Abbey.
During the ceremony, constant patroles are to be sent
along the line of procession to milt tbe_police ; for which
purpose a subaltern's detachment of the Household Brigade
will take post at each of the following places, viz.
Cleveland-square,
Waterloo-place,
Royal 3lews (t'haring-eruser), and
Old Palace-yard.
Two mounted sentries of the Household Brigade will be
posted, at intervals of fifty yards, along the whole line of
procession.
The Household brigade will furnish the usual Guards of
Honour on State occasions for those Members of the Royal
Family who are to mote in the procession.
Each of the Three Squadrons of the Household
stationed in the procession as Guards of Honour. is itite:Lacel:
a Standard, and to be commanded by a Field Officer.
The bands of the respective cavalry regiments are to be
so stationed along the line of procession as to give the ut-
most additional effect to the solemnity of the ceremony; to
which end, also, it is to be understood, that " God save the
King " Is the oily air to be played.
The standards of each cavalry regiment (prometed by a
guard of honour under the command of a subaltern) are to
be stationed with the band.

The Bands and Drums of the Foot Guards will be ma.
toned with their respeedve Battalions. Farb Band zo cease
playing when their :Majesties skill have pasted the Battalion
to which it belongs. Each Battalion will " prcsent emu"
when their Majesties approach its flank, and will continue
In that position until their Majesties shall hare passed its
front.

The Salutes to be fired on the day of the Coronation by
the Royal Artillery, in &. James's Park, are,
Twenty-one Chum at sunrise.
Twenty-one titans when their Alajestles move from St.
James's Palace.

Twenty-one Guns upon the arrival of their Majesties at
Westminster Abbey.
Forty-one Guns when the Crown is placed upon his
Majesty's Head.
'1 wenty-one Guns when their Majesties leave the Abbey.
Twenty-one Guns upon their Majesties return to St.
Joint is Palace.
Such portion of the Household Brigade as shall be in re-
' serve, atter furnishing the three, squadrons allotted to the
procession, and the above-mentioned guards and sentries
will be disposed of by Maim-General Sir Charles Daibiee,
as he shall think An
Thp whole of the troops will be at their 'maim by seven
o'clock on Thursday morning, and the Ai 'or-General will
take care that the military arrangements shall, in no instance.
eisttitts or birettas with those Ithlriti have been regulated by
tit-Mbel Marsha Mid the Meat* of the Horse, mid pub-
Wird by them far general lemmatise and guidance; and
be will also take care that die troops Fonder every litigable
isiillilice to those °Pikers of State, and Idlers who are to
superintend and c induct tits procession.

PRICE SEVENPENCE.

against the Poles. The petitioners also c-mplained that
there was no accredited person from the British Government.
resident at Warsaw. to privet the inter, yr of British sob.
Jetta ; they also complained of the dreadful effects of the war
which was going on, in consequence of the alarmin t disease
which was communicated by the invading cony, The hon
member said he was fully aware of the difficuliy of the subject
to which the petition referred ; he not withstanding thought
that something might be done to rescue those brave mink
front the roils which pressed upon them, in coaseqttenee
of the 4,sorective war in which they were enlagill
tiatinns bad Area row carried oa fist six or seven wombs.
and he thought it was not unreasonaltle en expert. that thii
Government of this ioontry could make some disclosures
relative to the future prove:as of Poland. and the eff c et
the negotiadona to which he hail alluded. Ile thought it
there ever wag a time *hen the interf.rence of this enntitry
was called for to stop the progress of this c tiamitotts war.
it was the present. As the subject, howev:r. would come
before the house in a more formal manner, he sl Id not
atprerent trouble the house with any further nhservatiana.
firing that it might be inconvenient to press the sobj,et
on the attention of the ftuse. lie would durefore move'
that the Fetition be brought up.
Sir F. BURDETT said, he bad great pleasure in second.
ing the motion of the hon. and gallant member: he entirely
coincided in the feelings of sympathy expressed by the hon.
member In favour of the gallant Poles. lie entertained a
finn belief and conviction that the Govemruent of this coon.
try felt deeply interested in the affairs of Poland. (Hear.)
And he hed no hesitation in expressing his opinion, that this
country, in concert with the military power of France, shout I
interfere to preserve the integrity of that unfortunate cou wry.
He thought it was high time that something should he done
by remonstrance or otherwise. He thought the present mo-
ment peculiarly favourable. A reciprocity of feeling had
sprung up between this country and Franc: which had neva
before existed; they were no longer jealoas of each other's
power, and could now enter upon a more generous rivalship,
In remonstrating against the unjust aggressions of a powerful
nation; which sought to oppress Poland in violation of the
treaty of 1815, which guaranteed the constitutional rights of
the Poles. He knew it might be incompatible with the its.
terests of this country to take an active part to reinstate
the just rights of the Poles; but this he would say, that
no Cause more just ever called forth the sympathy of na-
tions. AU nations entertained but one opinion on ti e
merits of this cause ; and he thought it was the bounden
'duty of this country to see the observance of those
treaties by which. they were pledged to secure a con-
stitution to Poland ; such a course was perfectly con.
sistent with the law of nations. This was a case which
should excite the sympathy of generous minds ; but politi-
cians were said to have no bowels, and politicians were rot
prone to be aentimental. It could not be expected that such
persons should act from such motives. But there was in
this instance a motive which in general had some weight
with such men. It was the interest of every country to put'
an end to this war, and be sincerely hoped that the subject
would be brought under the consideration of Parliament.
Of this he was quite certain, that any steps which his Ma.
jesty's ministers might take to afford relief to the suffering
Poles, would receive the unanimous approval and support of
the country. He felt the warmest sympathy for that people,
and hoped they would be rescued from the fangs of Russia.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that it was from no feeling of
apathy that silence had so long prevailed in that house upon
The Muse of the Poles. The despots of Europe found ad.
vacates in othte cases,—in this they had none. There was no
voice raised in their favour. All nations were unanimous
in reprobating the conduct of Russia. The press was tans.
nimous on this subject. however it might act on other occa-
sions. In other cases be could only account for the manner
in which it had been coeducted, but by believing that it was
bribed. All concurred in one sentiment of sympathy for
the sufferings of the Poles, and an anxious wish for the sue-
.cess of their cause. The situation of ministers was an es.
case for their not interfering. The time had, however, now
arrived when alt Europe should stand forth to secure the
constitution to Poland which had been given them by treaty.
Mr. M'KINNON presented a petition from William
Oreig, a merchant, trading to the Cap* of Good hope.
praying the house that no alteration might take place in the
duty on Cape wines.
Mr. ROBINSON concurred in the prayer of the petition.
Mr. SHAW presented a petition from the Roman Cetho.
lie freemen of the town of Galway, against that clause its
the Irish Reform Bill which would alter the elective rights of
freemen in corporations.
After a few words from Messrs. BLAcRNET, O'CoN.
NELL and GRATTAN, the petition was ordered to be
printed.
Lord KILLEEN presented a petition from the Roman
Catholic inhabitants of Navan, in the county Meath, pray-
ing that the yeomanry of Ireland might be disbanded.
After a few words from Mr. O'Connell, Sir F. Burdett,
Mr. Grattan, Mr. Blackney, Mr. Shaw, and Lord Killeen
the petition was received, anti ordered to be printed.
Lord KILLEEN presented a petition trom the bakers
of the town of Nava; with respect to regulating their hours
of work.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition against negro
slavery, from Killarney.
Mr. O'CON N ELL then presented a petition from South.
wart, in favour of the beer bill.

The bon. member then presented a petition from Raheen,
praying that Catholics might not be compelled to support the
Protestant clergy ; from a pariah in Dublin, against the Kil-
dare-street Society ; and from a parish in the Queen's county,
against the Union.
The hon. member then moved fur copies of the account
and vouchers of Sir 0. Hill, during the time he acted as
Vice-Treasurer of Ireland, with copies of all Tiessury pno
eeedings relating thereto, and relating to the grant of the
pension to Lady Hill.--The motion was agreed to.
Sir F. BURDETT presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of St. Martin's-in-the-fields, praying for redress
against the malversation of the select vestry of that parish.
Mr. HUNT presented a petition, signed by several hun-
dred respectable tradesmen of London, praying that the per-
secution against Mr.ltobert Taylor for preaching his religious
opinions Might not be persevered in.
Mr. LABOUCHE an presented a petition from certain
owners of omnibuses, praying that they might be put on the
footing of hackney-coaches, and not be subject to toil: duty
like stages.
Mr. SPRING RICR said, that the petitioners would
have ample concessions mad: to them in the new hackney.
mach act.

After a few words from Lord A urnoar, which were to.
tally inaudible in the gallery, the house resolved itself iito
acotntuittee of the whole house upon

THE MEFORM BILL.
Lord ALTHORP moved the clause which enacted that
the sums of al. per diem be paid to each barrister abile em-
ployed under this act.
hlr. CA 11P1IP.LI. proposed that the sum should be
guineas, for pounds had long been unknown In Ireotnimster.
hill. (41 laugh.)
Lord A l-THORP acceded to the alteration, and the
clause with this amendment was read a third time and
carried.

Lord G. 6031ERSET rose to move the addilia.ukt cimise
of *hick he had given notice—namely, that a new district
of Waugh* be formed in the county of Monmouth, fur the
purpose of mentlins one repriscntative to Parliament. He
grounded his mutton on the facts that the county of Mon-
mouth would not return under the bill its dee share of mitre-
'astatine, as °nominal with the counties with which it was
More thsis timid in population—in the amain tof assessed tap,'
paid to the immune—and in the amount of ha losei /de eon.
Minieney. If, for example, be took. three counties in the north
' England —ihe three counties of Northumberland , Cumber-
kad, and bothaan.—and compshrd them with throsimies
of Mennioutb, tilaiusqtan, and Ikecknoek, in 'ales, he
*mild find that itrblie the Amer returned one number fui
teary 19,4010 of the inkuliames, Out repreammuma. est. thel
latter was as one to Sti,4oo. tbsit the cousfi ueney of .llon.
mouth, Chepeww, and Usk, was upwards of r;00 Ltd, 1:ou

holders, while that of more than 15 towns in the b:ll, to re-
turn one member, was not on the average SOU; vlile, in
addition, the average of the assessed talcs far.excecied the
average of these 15 towns. The Noble Lord mowed that
the boroughs and parishes of Monmouth. Chepstow, and
Usk, do in future return one member to Parliament.
Lord J. RUSSELL on the pan of Ministers, could not
assent to the Noble Lord's proposition. If inequality of
reptesentation to population, or as compared with tart r.
non, were once admitted, there would be no end to the
amendments which might be on equally valid gums 1%. rnov,(l
on the present bill. He did not deny that the Monmouth
district of boroughs, and Monmouth county, would not
turn as many member• as other districts and conflict with
apparently no better claims; but he contend,ll that Mon-
mouth was not worse rain this particular than manyother
counties,—than Derby for example, which rwurned but one
representative for every 25,000 inhabitants,—than Yorkshire,
which returned but one for every 32,000—and still morr,
than Lancashire, which would return but one member for
every 47,50 d of inhabitants.
Lord O. SOMERSET thought it needless to press this
clause to a division in the present disposition of ministers.
Toe clause was accordingly negatived without a division.
Lord G. SOMERSET neat moved that the district of
Abergavenny and Newport return one representative to Par-
liament.

This clause was also negatived without a ditision, and the
origistal clause agreed to.
Mr. HUNT then animadverted at some length on the in.
terference of peers at the elections of members to serve in P..r.
!lament, and moved the insertion of the foaming clause.
having previously caused the clerk to read the resolution of
'the hsiuse against such interference—" Thai from and aft.• r
the Slat day of December, 1831, if any lord of Parliament,
or other peer or prelateshall be guilty of the crime nf
interfering, either directly or indirectly, in the election of any
member to sit and serve in the Con.mens' House of Par.
!lament, such peer shall, for such unlawful interfere:see. b •
adjudged, upon conviction, to pry a fine to the state a
10,0001. and be impriscned in the Tower for the spar.. ~f
one year; and if any peer be convic ed a second time of
similar crime, he shall be adju:lg el to pay a file t
state of 21,0001. and be imprisoned in his Majesty's gaol
of Newgatc for the space of two years ; and if any
shall be 'convicted a third time of a similar crime, such
peer shall be degraded from the peerage, his title shall
.be-
come extinct, and the culprit shall be transported beyond
the seas for his natural life."
On the question that the clause he troitzlit up,
Lord J. RUSSELL said there was nn law or resolutio,
of the house which could prevent the Indirect interference of
peers at contested elections,--that the elcrase proposed War
more ntonatioas and unjust titan any res. I alert that heel
ever before been submitted to the consideration of .lie !tense ;
and was, besides, totally different from the resolution wnic't
had been read by Mr. Speaker at tie beginning of Ha..
session. He should, therefore, have n p hesitation in nev-
living the hon. member's motion th.t It he brought ur.
Col. SIBTHORP said, he a' ould take the present op-
portunity to complain of a contemptuous report of a speech
of his in the committee yesterday, winch had sppeare t n
one of the msening newsliap.rs of that dry. The Impart :IN
1111. h he allude! was interspersed with leugh er. and other
expressioas of derision, which he flatly denied had been jos.
titled by the fact. ( rat.)
Mr. H. (Wit NEl* added that the dignity of tie home
must n. easterly be lowered by the truckling selit which
they had latterly exhibited towards the daily peas, w;sisili
for seine time past had habitually been publishing list: of
the members who were absent as well of those who wise
presmt, specifying who voted one way, and who vo cd
another ; and, in short, now exercised a degree of despoti-iii
inco.npat bit with the independence of member, and the pri-
vilege' of parliamcat. (Hear. hear.)
idr. CRESSET PELHAM, in reference to the question
immediately before the house, thorght that if a case of it.
terference should be clearly roved, the resolution already
on the journals would be quite sufficient to meet it.
Sir E. SUODEN complained of the jealous and hostile
disposition which bad been latterly manifested towards ti, •
peerage, and of the desire to subvert the just privileges t
which they were entitled by the letter and spirit of the con-
stitution. This feeling assumed different forms, %novel:tie;
appearing in the shape of threats, and sometimes wider th
guise of " friendly advice." but exhibited the selt.sastse
tufty take what colour it might.
Lord J. RUSSEILL disclaimed having p reds/eau; au, h
symptoms as the hon. and learned gentleman prnfes eel
have discovered,
Mr DOME insisted, that bad as the proceedings of that
House had unquestionably beat for a long eerier of years,
they would have proved much worse but for the salutary
control and unwearied vigilance of the public preys, to which,
in his opinion, they could never be auffitiently thankful.—
(Hear, hear.) It was most desirable that the geode in which
members voted should be accurately made known to their
constituents. and the system by which that was 1,0 wel! ac-
complished he trusted would never be departed froth.
Mr. HUN briefly replied, and his motion was negrived
without a division, no voice but his own having been raised
in support of it.
The preamblw was then read by the CHAIRMAN. an
agreed to, after • few observation* from lis. C. PE L 11.131,
which wen inaudible in the (allay.
Lord J. RUSSELL moved that the Chairmen do repent
the bill, with its amendments, to the bout*, which was car-
ried with loud cheers, and the house accordingly recetted
amidst general acclamations.
Mr. BERNAL brought up the report, which was re-
mired, ordered to be printed, and to be taken into further
consideration on Tuesday next.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES withdrew his notice of moils n
that it is inexpedient to diminish the numbers of tie house,
which lie had intended to bring forward on the brirrng up
of the report.
The further stage of the enclosure acts' title bill was grist.
poned to Friday se'nnight.

WINE DUTIES.
On the question bring submitted that the bill he read a
first time, it was agreed to. Oa the succeeding motion a
long conversation ensued.

Eh.. GORDON eb.erved, that the statement of the
Member for Surrey, that an Act of Parliament provided
that the duty on Cape wine should not be raised till 183$,
was of the greatest importance, if correct.
Lord A LTHORP said, the meaning of the Act alluded
to was, that the duty on Cape wine should be half the duty
on the Portuguese wine. The duty on the latter bad been
raised to 54 6d; it was, therefore, coufotmable to *Act to
raise the Cape wine duty to 2s 9d.
Mr. HU3IR considered the propositicn to be as much an
infringement of an act of parliament as if it was proposed to
deprive an Individual of a pension granted him by rutrlia-
ment for a specific period, before that period had elapsed.
Sir. bIABERLY said, the object of the act was the pro.
tection of the Cape wine interest. Now, the duty on other
wines being raised in an equal proportion, the protection re.
mained the same.

After a few words limn Mr. COURTENA Y and o:her
Hon. Alembers, the original question was agreed to.
The House resumed, and the report w 4 ordered to be re-
ceived on Friday.
Mr. HUME would, on that occasion, mate the zealot:_
tion of the Cape wine duty to 2s. dd.
