•
ek .44.!
17". A

\

cilodi those who are to fill the seat of justice. Unless
the Ju es drive their origin from the people, it is im-
\
possiblt o preserve in all its purity this safeguard to
the rights of individuals. These r:ghts it is, legislators,
which constitute liberty, equality, security, all the gua-
rantees of social life. The truly free constitution is
written in the civil and criminal codes ; and the tytanny
most to be dreaded is that exercised by the Tribunals
in the name of the laws. Generally, the Executive ib
but the depositary of the common weal; but the Tri-
bunals are the arbitrators of what is our of n, of the
property of individuals. The judicial power is the
measure of the prosperity or misery of the people; and
if there be liberty. if there be justice in the Republic,
it is distributei by it. The political organisation, pro-
vided the civil be perfect, is soma imes of little conse-
quence ; let the laws be religiously fulfilled ; let them
be as inexorable as f.te.

According to the opinions of the day, we of course
have prohibited the rack and extorted confessions; w•e
have alto cut off the prolongation of law suits in the in-
tricdte labyrinth of appeals.

Tne tertit..ry of the Republic is governed by Pre-
fects, Governors, Correjidors, Judges of the Peace, and
Alcaldes. My limits have not allowed me to enter into
a detail of their organization, aad of the extent to be
given to the jurisdiction of each ; it is, however, my
duty to present to the Congress some regulations con-
cerning the government of the departments and pro-
vinces. Beat in mind, legislators, that nations are com-
posed of cities and cottages; and that on the welfare el
these depends the felicity of the State. You can never
pay too much attention to the good government of the
departments. This point is of the utmost importance in
the science of legislation; it is, notwithstanding, too
much overlooked.

The armed force has been divided into four pelts—.
the troops of the line, the navy, the national militia, and
the military corps of Custom-house officers. The duty
of the troops of the line is to defend the frontier. GOD
forbid that they should turn their arms against their
fellow-citizens! The national militia is sufficient to
preserve internal tranquillity. Bolivia does not possess
an extensive coast, a navy, therefore, would be useless ;
some day, notwithstanding, we may have both the one
and the other. A corps of Custom-house officers, under
military discipline, is in every respect preferable to
simple Custom-house officers; this service is more im-
moral than superfluous ; it is, therefore, the interest of
the Republic to guard its frontiers with troops of the
line, and with troops of Custom-house officers against
the machinations of fraud.

I have proposed that the constitution of Bolivia should
be reformed at certain periods, according to the move
ment of the intellectual world. The steps to be followed
in the introduction of reforms have been laid down as I
have thought most advisable.
The responsibility of persons in public situations is
laid down in the constitution of Bolivia in the most ex-
plicit terms. Without responsibility, without restraint,
the State becomes a chaos. I venture to urge strongly,
the members of the Legislature to pass the strictest and
most definite laws upon this important subject. Every
one talks about responsibility, and there it ends. There
is no responsibility, legislators; the magistrates, judges,
and public officers abuse their authority, because the
agents of the Government are not under rigorous re-
straint, and the people, in the mean time, are the vic-
tims. I would recommend the passing of a law which
should direct every person employed under Govern-
ment to give annually an account of his conduct.
The most complete guarantees have been established ;
civil liberty is the only true liberty; the rest are merely
nominal, or have but little influence on the condition of
the people. Personal security, which is the object of
man's entering into society, and from which the others
emanate, has been guaranteed. With respect to that of
property, it will depend upon the civil code, to the com;
position'of which you ought immediately to dedicate yolk
talents, for the benefit of your fellow-citizens. I have
preserved intact the law of laws—equality ; without it,
all our guarantees, all our rights are null. To it we
must sacrifice every thing. At its shrine I have im-
molated the infamous laws of slavery.

Legislators! Slavery is an infraction of every law,
The law which recognized it would be most sacri-
legious. What right can be alleged for its con-
tinuance ? Look upon this crime in every point of
view, and I am satisfied there is not one inhabitant of
Bolivia so depraved as to pretend to justify this most
scandalous violation of the dignity of man. One man to
be owned by another! A man to become property ! Goes
image put to the yoke like a beast! Tell me, where is
to be found a defence of these usurpers of man ? Guinea
cannot furnish it, for Africa, laid waste by fratricide,
only presents a field of crime. The remains of those
African tribes having been transplanted here, what
Power can zanction the right of property over these
victims ! To transmit, to prolong, to eternalize this
crime, mingled with torments, is an outrage revolting
to our nature. To found a right to possession upon
the most savage delinquency, could never be imagined
without overturning every element of justice, without
the most determined perversion of every idea of our
duties. No one can destroy the sacred doctrine of
equality ; and can slavety exist where equality is pro-
claimed? Such contra Actions would be taken as evi.
dence of our want of sense, rather than of justice; we
should be considered more as madmen than as robber..
If there did not exist a Gnu, the protector of innocence and
liberty, I would prefer the condition of the lion, ranging uncon-
trolled the desert and the forest, to that of a captive at the mercy
of a mean tyrant, who, an accomplice of his crimes, will provoke
the anger of Ileaven ; but no; Gnu has destined man for freedom ;
he protects him, that he may exercise the heavenly gift of free will.

By the Porter, arrived at Liverpool, advices have
been received from Lima, to the 21th August. Tney
state that Bolivar was elected, on the 16th August, by
the Electoral College of the city and province of Lima,
President of the Republic of I'eru for life, with power,
as may be inferred from the preamble to the decree, to
nominate hi, successor.

The Journat du commerce of the 9th inq. sp.aks of a
detachment of the Artillery train which left Per,iignan
on the 24th of November, to proceed to Villa F anca
for the purpose of putting that town and Mount is
in a state of defence. Advices from Cadiz also (not of
a very recent date, for they are of the 30th of October)
mention the arrival there of two French frigates, the
&Ilona and L'Ariege, from ItocheforOaviog on board,
iespectively, 315 and :s4O soldiers.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1826.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

There has been spin a great deal of bustle and confusion in the
Congo) market this morning. Consols, which left off at 78 for the
Account, in the house, opened this morning at 77i 78, afterwards
declined to 77* to 1, and may be quoted at present at 771 78.
The Foreign market is also in a state of great agitation, it being
settling day, and already three failures have been declared, two of
them Hebrews, but not of the fisst rate. It is difficult to give the
foreign prices, as they are continually But/dating. This moment
another failure has been announced is the English house, making
three in the English, and one in the Foreign house.
Current plkces : Old Spanish 13, Mexicans 591 80/, 11, Colom-
bian 28, 30, 1, 33, Chilian 35 40, Danish 511, Greek 14 16,
Peru vian 28 30, Russian 78 81,
PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK;
Bank Stock:l9B 197 198
3 per Cent. Red. 761/8 753/s 76 Y 8
S per Cent. Cons. Shut.
3/ per Cent. 821,E
31 per Cent. ReJ. 82 81% 823/8
4 per Cent. New Shut.
6 per Cent. 1826, 917/8 921/4
Long Ann. 18 17% 181/8
India Bonds 7 10 5 9
£l,OOO Exclleq. Bills 1 4
(1500 ditto 2 6
Clot) and £2OO ditto 3 7 prem.
Bank for Acct.l99
India for ditto 236
Cons. tor ditto 775 A 781/8 775/% 78% %

By the Fanny, which arrived yesterday at Portsmouth
from Oporto, we are put in possession of advises from
the latter city to the Bth inst. which, we regret to say,
are rather disheartening. A number of passengers have
arrived by this conveyance ; and, if they have not
abused the privilege, claimed from time immemorial bi
travellers, the situation of Oporto and indeed of the
whole country may be considered as extremely critical.
When they sailed, very serious apprehensions of a visit
from the rebels were entertained, which, if well
founded, would seem to shew that the well-disposed
yielded in numbers, or at least in courage, to the dis-
affected. We must not lightly, however, adopt a con-
clusion so disadvantageous to the former; and it would
probably be more consistent with truth to suppose that
the constitutional cause was only paralyzed, but
sat virtually defunct, and that it's enemies were
indebted for their superiority to surprise. We learn
from the same source, that most of the Portuguese
Ministry have proved faithless, and that only two, who,
however, are not mentioned by name, have stood the
test. We need not say that a report of this kind should
be received with a caution bordering upon absolute
Distrust ; but as it did prevail when the Fanny sailed,
we thought it our duty to lay it before our Readers.
We it the a confirmation, by this conveyance, of the
horrible excesses committed by the Insurgents at Bra-
ganca, which they set on fire after they had pillaged it.
However, these lawless outrages will recoil upon them-
wlves at last, by exasperating the people generally
against them, who will fight at least for their property,
however unwilling they may be to run any risk in sup-
port of the Constitution. In the mean time the Supreme
Government was not deficient in the virtues which the
emergency required ; and, as an instance of its energy,
we may adduce the order given to the Spanish Ambas•
sador to quit Lisbon in 24. hours. This obviously shews,
that the Regency was far from being intimidated by
the events that had taken place; and, as the Ambassa
dor had solicited permission to remain for a few days as a
private individual, it might be pretty safely inferred that
he saw with dismay the dilemma in which his Court had

placed itself by having countenanced the invasion, and
exposed itself not only to reprisals on the pact of Portu-
gal, but to the powerful resentment of G:eat Britain.—
This apparent disposition on the part of the Spanish
tepresentative to conciliate the Court of Lisbon, is an
important passage in the history of these occurrences,
as it presents his Government in the act of deprecating
the fearful consequences that may arie out of us parti-
cipation in these transactions:
We cannot omit noticing here, that neither in the pre.
sent, nor in the preceding, advices from Portugal, is
the last allusion made to the French Government,
or to its representative in that country, which is
a strong presumption that the one, in these extraordi-
nary circumstances, has given no cause of umbrage,
either direct or indirect, and the other no suspi•
cion. As the state of the public mind was such as
to be prone to unnecessary alarm, instead of shewing
a criminal apathy, we infer from this omission of all
allusion to France, that her policy was regarded as
perfectly pacific ; and as this inference completely
agrees with the formal assurances of that Power itself,
as well as o ith the declarations of our own Minister, we
adopt it with the less hesitation ; whilst we hail it as a
new pledge—that our prompt and energetic inter-
ference in favour of Poi tugal, will not lead to an inter-
ruption of the harmony now so happily subsisting be-
tween France and Great Britain,

Other accounts of the same date as the preceding
are not quite so alarming, as they mention that the
consternation which had prevailed at Oporto, in con.
sequence of an expected visit from the insurgents, had
subsided, it having been ascertained that they had not
advanced farther than Miranda, which is about 100
miles fiom the former City. Another circumstance
which had served to rally. the spirits of the inhabitants,
was the reported arzival of a considerable detach-
ment of British troops from Gibraltar at Lisbon.—
Besides, it was currently reported this morning in the
City, on the authority of letters from Paris, that the
rebels, who were marching upon Oporto, had been de-
feated. The same letters mention, that the greatest
cordiality subsisted between our Government and that
of France on the subject of Portugal, and that they
were determined to act in concert, for the purpose of
re-establishing tranquillity in that country. It is also
stated that the French Cabinet, upon being apprised
of the measures adopted by this country, expressed to
our Ambassador its unqualified approbation.

Roston Papers, received at the North and South
American Coffee-house, to the 19th of November,
bring accounts from Laguira to the 17th of October,
which state that great changes, and for the better, have
taken place. At the meeting of the people, called by
General PANII, at Caraccas, it was resolved to discharge
the force, raised for its defence ; and that a deputation
of respectable persuus be diapatchcal to Bogota, w re
present the wishes of Venezuela, and to place things as
they stood, before confidence is again restored.
The Chilian squadron has arrived at Rio Negro.

We have received this morning Hamburg!' Papers
to the 9th, and Dutch Journals to the 13th inst. ly
the former we have advices from St. Petersburgh to the
25th ult. at which date the winter had not yet set in there,
though it had made its appearance several days previ-
ously in some of the southern provinces of the empire.
We learn, through the same channel, that M. Do-
i BATCREWSKT, the Russian Consul General in this
country, retires at his own request, and is to be replaced
by M. BENTHAUSEN, the Vice Consul. Accounts from
Archangel state, that the Shipping season closed there
on the 25th of October. The number of vessels which
arrived at that port during the year amounted to 211,
of which 171 were English, or three-fourths of the
whole ; and who will venture to say, after this, that our
commerce and navigation are in a declining state, or
that our resources generally have suffered any material
diminution ? There are no accounts from the seat of
war on the Persian frontiers, and as no news in this
instance may be termed bad news, we are rather
inclined to infer that the difficulties which the Russian
army encounters, are much greater than the Government
thinks it advisable to admit. It is a contest, obviously, in
which little is to be gained, whilst its expenditure is a
very serious consideration for the Russian Government,
which will incapacitate it at least for a time, from exer-
cising its usual influence in any other quarter. The
power of that unwieldy State has been very much
dipped since the demise of the Emperor ALEXANDER;
and some years, or we are egregiously mistaken, must
elapse, before it will be able to repair that loss. This
last consideration will not be lost on the Court of
Madrid, at the present juncture.
We learn from IlJniburgh that the new Austrian
Loan has been taken by the Contractors at 86 ; and we
congratulate the Austrian Government upon the con-
tract, for had it been delayed a little longer, it would not
have been so advantageous. In the mean time it will
enable Austria, who may be termed the steadfast friend
of England, to take a more imposing attitude at this
eventful moment.

It appears, by advices from Copenhagen of the sth
inst. that the corn prices have improved throughout
Denmark, and that the accounts from her West India
islands hold out the promise of a more productive crop
than had been known for a great number of years.

A mail has also arrived this morning from Rio de
Janeiro, bringing accounts from that Capital to the 26th
of October inclusive. However, they notice no political
fact of any kind; whilst they announce that the Empe-
ror has selected as his patron Saint, his namesake ST.
PEDRO DE ALCANTARA, and that the permission of the
POPE has been solicited and obtained for an appoint-

ment, which is fo secure here and hereafter, the felicity
of the Brazilian Nat'on.

We have received Singapore Papers of Intetmediate
dates between tl,e last and the preceding arrivals from
that S ttlement, which, though of some interest, we
must omit for the present, in consequence of the press
of more importalt matter.

The French Papers which arrived last night, contain
intelligence from Madrid to the 4th instant, which so far from con-
firming the reports circulated yesterday of FtRDINAND having dill.
missed his advise! s, merely announces, that a new circular had been
issued by the Superintendent-Genetal of the Police, directing all
the Inferior intendents throughout the kingdom to send him within
a month a list of every person, whatever be their sex or age, wha
were considered to have been attached to the Cunstitutional System,
to have served amongst the National Volunteers, to be suspected of
Freemasonry, to be Liberals, ultra or moderate, to have acquired
national property, or to have acted in any capacity, even the
humblest, under the Constitution. The conduct of those indiv:.
duals since the Amniall of that system is to be described, and they
are to remain a marked and distinct race. If they, their chilth,ni
or even their servants a.k for passports to go beyond the limits of
their respective Communes, they are to be refused, unless ti,est
should prove the absolute necessity of their travelling, and in :'I:C
case information is to be immediately sent to the Office of :I,e.
Superintendent General, in order that they may he closely watched
wherever they go. Any Police ()Meer denouncing an assettd..l4e
of nut more than six of these individuals, even if the object !or
which they meet should be unknown, is to receive a reward of
2000 reals, and to he promoted. Such are the new regulations
adopted to tranquillize the interior of Spain ! A letter from him,
also dated the 4th instant, says, that during the preceding three
months a great number of Monks, in secular habits, and other
agents had gone into France to purchase equipments and arms said
to be for the Royalist volunteers, but since known to have been
sent to the Portuguese Refugees. Two thousand muskets made in
Biscay, and deposited at Vittoria for the service of the Royal
Spanish Guard, had also been forwarded to General Lomax, on the
frontiers of Portugal, and by him given to the Portuguese Rebels.
So urgent were the orders issued on that occasion, that all the carts
at Vittoria had been seized, even those which conveyed the Cus-
tom House accounts and produce to Madrid, in order to expedite
the transrnissal of arms to the Refugees ! Considerable enlistments
were taking place in Navarre and the neighbouring provinces; and
the Clergy are represented as having taken upon themselves the
payment of the new recruits at the rate of five reals per day.
These Papers contain no intelligence whatever from Greecei
Turkey, or Russia.

CITY, ONE O'CLOCK.
The Money Market opened this morning in a very feverish state,
and at the commencement of business it was Impossible to get a
fixed price, 77j 81 71 being the running fluctuation. Since that
period, however, the price has become more settled; and Consols
for Account have crept up gradually to 78j I, a; which they are
now quoted. Money Stock has also improved since the opening,
3j per Cents. being 821, and 3 per Cents. Reduced 761 g.
A defalcation is reported in the Foreign Market ; but this ha
had but little effect on the various securities. Mexican 6 per Cents.
being about 601. Colombian, 31 to 33; and Chilian, 35 to 40.
Colombian Stock has been done at 28 during the morning. The
Continental Securities are firm, Russian Stock bears a quotation of
76 to 80; and Danish, 531 4. Spanish Bonds remain nearly ae
during yesterday, nor do they attract much attention. Portuguese
are 68 to 6, ; but there is little business doing in them. Shares .re
without any inquiry. Brazilian are quoted at par ; but this Market
is nearly deserted.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols for Account have Improved to 7111; but it is stated that
several failures have taken place, and great alarm exists that more
will follow. The Foreign Market has also improved; the Mexican
Bonds are 631 4, and Colombian 34. SmaU Exchequer Bills aiv
6 7, and the large 1 4 prem.

FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazilian Bonds, 5 p Ct. 59 7 1 Wu. lids 1825, 6p. Ct. 60 11 1
ColonitdAn Bonds, 6 p 1 GS 3z 3
Do. Bonds, 1824,30 31 10 32 1 Do. Acct. 601 1 21 231
32 331 33 Peruvian Bonds, 6 p C. 30
Do. Acct. 30 31 301 321 33 Portuguese Bds 5pC. 67 65
Danish lionds,3 pCt.53 21 31 4 5 Pruss. Oda. 5pC. 91
Greet Bonds, 5 p Ct. Russ. lids, 1822, S p C.BO
D0.80nd5,1825,5 pC. 151 41 5/ Spau. Bonds 5 p Ct. 13 121 1
Acct.l4l 151 161 I Ditto Aect. 121
_ _

Mex.Bonds,s per Ct. 51
Ditto Acct.
BRITISH AND FOREIGN

Fr. Rentes, 5 p C. 94f
Exchange, 251 50c
SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.

SHAWL ?AMD.
Anglo Mexican 100 7S 40 424
Brazilian 100 20 26 S 5 28 S 7
Colombian 100 15 9 10 11
Potosi La Paz and Peru. Ass. 50 6 .91 15..
United Mexican 4O 27i 17 161 Ili

The Duke of WELLINGTON and Lord FITZROY SO.
MERSIT, were yesterday at Woolwich, inspecting the preparations
which are making, in the Royal Arsenal, to embark the equip-
ments destined for Portugal.

This morning, about ten o'clock, his Grace the Duke
of Weer.rwor,lo left his residence, accompanied by a blilitary
Officer of rank, in his travelling carriage, attended by a single out-
rider. No sooner was it made known hat the Gallant Duke had
departed from Apsley House than a report generally prevailed that
his Grace bad left Town for the purpose of taking the command of the
British Army in Portugal. The carriage proceeded down Grosvenor-
place, in the direction towards Vauxhall-bridge, at a very rapid
pace. The Noble Duke looked remarkably well, and wore a
travelling dress.
THE LORD CHANCELLOR —The answers given this
day to the inquiries after his Lordship's health were, that he was
rather better.

The Earl of WItSTMORRLAND visited the Duke of
Yoa K yesterday.
The Marquis de PALMELLA, the Portuguese Ambas-
sador, transacted business yesterday with Mr. Secretary CANNING,
as his office in Downing-street.
Ltd BATHURST, Mr. WYNN, and Mr. HUSKissoN,
bad a consultation yesterday at the Foreign Office, with Mr. Secre-
tary CANNING.
We are happy to learn, that the brilliant Speech of
Mr. CANNING 'S on the Knues Message, will be given to the public
in a few days in a corrected shape, together with one delivered at
a dinner given to chat lit. Hon. Gentleman, by the British mer-
chants at Li►bon, in 1816, which has never yet been published.
Mr. &ureter y CANNING, we are happy to state, was
yesterday considered completely recovered from the slight indispo-
sition, arising from his splendid and strenuous exertions hi the
House of Commons, on moving the Address to his Maartsry as
Teesday last.
Dispatches, dated the 4th of September, were received
yesterday morning, at the Colonial Department, front Lieutenant
General Sir G. L. Cots, at the Mauritius. _ _ _

The Duke of SussEx attended a meeting at the Me.
chalice Institute last evening, and distributed two purses of IQ/.
each, to a journeyman shoemaker, for an essay, and the inventor of
a machine for cutting combs.
Colonel Danmass, the enterprising African traveller,
has sailed from Plymouth for Sierra Leone, in his Alajesty'. 'hip
Conveys Captain HALLOWILL.
Mr.bA LY, of Galway, and Colonel LESLIE, ci dernt
of Monaghan, are to be raised, and speedily, to the dignity of 'he
British Peerage.—Freensenes Journal.
MANCHESTER) DEC. 12.—Since our report of the
state of trade on Tuesday last, the demand has conti-
nued very good, and today we have had a very a n'•
mated enquiry, and considerable business has been d ,ne
in manufactured goods, particularly prints, power-1(0'n
cloth, and velveteens. _ _ _

An Inquest was held yesterday, at the Half Moos,
Gracechurch•stteet, on the body of a respectable elder 7
unknown female, who had been °vet taker, in the 13
(rough► very ill, by Mr. Brown. Mr. B. took her to
have a small quantity of spirits, in the hope that it
would revive her, but she died almost immediately.
It appeared that the rupture of a vessel near the hea
horn fatigue, had caused death.
