SPANISH LANGUAGE

This day was published, price 6s. bound, the Fourth Edition of
AGRAMMAR of the SPANISH LANGUAGE.
By JOHN EMMANUEL MORDENTE,
Teacher of the Spanish Language.
To which are annexed, A copious Vocabulary, Dialogues,
Mercantile and general Correspondence, Fables, and Prose and
Poetical Extracts, from the best Authors.
London; Printed for Lackington, Hughes, Harding, Mayor,
and Lepard ; Longman and Co. Baldwin and Co. Boosey and
Sons ; and G. and W. B. Whittaker.
Of whom may be had,
1. Spanish Exercises, adapted to the above Grammar, by.
Mordente, price ss.
2. A Dictionary of the Spanish and English Languages, by
Don Felipe Fernandez, price Its.
3. Don Quixote, in Spanish, revised and corrected by Fer-
nandez, four vols. price Xi. ts.
4. Gil Bias's Adventures, in Spanish, revised and corrected
by Fernandez, four vols. price £l. ls.

Mr. DAWSON rose to correct a misrepresenta.
tion which had become public in the usual way in
which the expression of their sentiments became known,
of some words which had fallen from him yesterday,
in the discussion on the Ophthalmic Hospital. These
words had given pain to an individual, and he there-
fore was most anxious, as far as he could, to remove
all cause for any unpleasant 'feeling. In a Morning
Paper of that day he had been made to say—f, That
Mr. Guthrie came to the Committee armed with
every weapon of malevolence and hate, and did his
utmost to embarrass their proceedings.! Now he
begged most distinctly to deny ever having attri-
buted malevolence to Mr. Guthrie—(Hear, hear). In
the whole course of his life he sever met with-a
more
able man than Mr. Guthrie, or one who' was so well
able to support his professional opinions, which be
did most forcibly, but with perfect fairness. He had
said, and still thought, that the controversy between
him and Sir William Adams was carried on with
degree of bitterness that was to be regretted ; but it
was with the warmth of party animosity, not incon-'
sistent with fairness. With that controversy he, who
was present as a judge, had nothing to do. His having
charged Mr. Guthrie with malevolence he distinctly
denied. Mr. Guthrie had applied to !lirn asA sufferer
from the charge, and he was bound in fairness, as
well as happy in the opportunity of explaining it.
Mr. BENNET entirely concurred in the statement
which had just fallen from the Hon. Gentleman op-
posite. He (Mr. Bennet) certainly did not hear him
attribute malevolent motives to Mr. Guthrie, but he
heard him state of him what was greatly the reverse.
What the Hon. Gentleman termed party animosity,
he (Mr. Bennet) thought might, with perfect justice,
be called party zeal.
NAST INDIA SUGAR BILL.
Mr. LUSHINGTON moved the Order of the Day
for the House to resolve itself into a Committee on
the East India Sugar Bill.
Mr. FORBES, after various observations, in which
he endeavoured to shew that the East India interests
were not adequately represented in Parliament, moved
an instruction to the Committee to alter the Bill so
as to impose a duty of £2. ss. per cwt. upon East In-
dia sugar, only when equal in quality and value to
clayed sugar of the West Indies.
Mr. LUSHINGTON referred to the endeavours
of the Treasury to do justice between the two interests,
contending that the only anxiety of Government was
to make the laws equal.
Mr. MONEY supported the motion of Mr. Forbes.
Mr. BRIGHT opposed the motion.
• Mr. MARRYArI entered into some details to
IMPORTANT INFORMATION TO uENTLEM6II.—It IS
flew, that although the East India sugar WAS not,
compoted that about one in three lose their Hair, or
c layed, the molasses was extracted from it, and that
becamegrey, before the age of forty. This arises from various,
cacsec : fevers, accouchements, debility, irregular living, power. it ought
lr to pay the same ditty as the clayed sugar of.
of the est Indies.
ful medicines, study, peripiradon, anxiety of mind, change.
climate, &e. destroy the flair, in the same way as an estrenie I Mr. W. WYNN did not mean to express any opi-i
drought destroys vegetation ; for Fair, though an animal matter,.
&nit hostile to the princip
pew, the famine Vetaniais le of the instruction moved ;
grows in a vegetative manner. Thia was first discovered by Cal-
Whn preporcd fug Specific, since but he thought it would bp. better to wait for the de-3
.
'.
known by the *Same of Hunsoa's fleiLt Mersa, or Cotrernes cision of the Board of Trade, which was now ea-
gaged with the subject. Measures were in conteiti.:
serum, and lately recommended by the great Doctor numei;
14;ion.in- r the removal of the trau,sitihmes for .fir
,leo
and many erninent Physicians. it acts bn the Hair like dew or ,
rain on grass, regenerating its growth, and causing it to vest.. ;Pa
' Laic with the greatest luxuriance. Price ss. 6d. 7s. 6d. and ono 11!Of of --tl4..Easts Ida gm .. •' 'T., 11
'On& Said at 44, GLlTatil.street, Soho-square; 150, oxford- To a question from ildr. Maim Mr. .u. Telma
'street; st, Ronit4arees ; 41, and 68, Cornhill ; and most Per- said, that the 'quality .and value argakt
Ildosown Boramc..Toorn Powsita sod .Ttee. must be tam Imo view.
rose, which are considered a remedy for 'all Disorders of the. . • •
Mr..FOlt go, in reply, comillaiildof Or at-.
gotttli;' they not merely cleansc and beautify the Teeth, but
iirtostivi trit:td trout decay to the late'st pertpd of life ; they niake ',tendon tins tinpoitaot .13111 ,had' receWed'. in Karga-1
the' eeth *bite,. fink suet as are loose; remove efie sc.ur, melit, while s 9 muFlt tithe was deveitern lciayg; 014,
'or tartar from the gums, and maven the breath '; they 11,ei; leplBlleff;r4cAjpg.
the same properties, aod may be used alone or togetherboP"."st the la.
ner.alp its of.tl_.re .
:Titieturi.acts nespeedily, audit is an infaillibh: rinundiXorttke , ovirunt Mg 4?
Taath4citet. 04.,eaCh. 13,;(11141 MSC 111.4eX0 .t.?

. :.,:

sustained, for the— charges incurred on account of
management, redemption, - and unfunding. This
must be the effect of a Sinking Fund, where a sur-
plus revenue was possessed, but far greater would be
the loss sustained if such a system were adhered to
in a case where the income of the country fell short
of its expenditure. This had been the situation of

Englandfrom the year 1793 to 1817, and the athount
of loss sustained in consequence of our borrowing
money to give to the Commissioners to redeem the
debt, exceeded everything that could be surmised by
any individual who had not ascertained it, as he had,
from those proofs which figures alone could supply.
In addition to other evils, this resulted from it, that

we borrowed on more unfavourable terms than we

should otherwise be compelled to accept, if we went
into, the market for 600,000,0001. instead of only
taking loans to half the amount. He strongly de-
I precated the practice which had been adopted, of noc

raising the Supplies within the year. It would sue-
prise Gentlemen to hear that, in the twenty-nine years
which had elapsed 'since 1793, supposing the same
sums-to be expended (exclusive of the charge for the
Debt and the Sinking Fund), the expenditure for the
Civil Service, the Army, Navy, and every other ser-
vice might have been covered without borrowing, by
an additional five or six millions per annum, and with
this sum the whole of our wai fare might have been
carried on, and the whole of our establishments kept
up, as they actually had been, without adding to the
public debt. Had the course which he suggested
been pursued, how different would our present situa-
tion have been ! The interest of the debt would, at
the'Present moment, have been between seven and
eight millions; instead of amounting, as it now did,
to no less than from thirty-two to thirty-three millions.
He divided the whole period of twenty-nine years,
from 1793; into two'peziods ; the first comprehending
the years from 1793 to 1817, in which there was ?ft
excess of expenditure over the income ; the second
embracing the years which had since elapsed; in
which there had been an excess of income over ex-
penditure. In the former period there had been sin
increase of the funded debt_ to the amount of six-hun-
dred and eighteen millions—(Hear).—For the sun Of
584,874,5571. which had been funded, the Public had
received but 579,791,3881. from the Contractors.—
Here then, as he sliewed in his third Resolution, was
a total loss of 5,083,1691. which was stopped hy the
Contractors for prompt payment, though the sum he
had mentioned bore interest from the day on which
it was funded. He shewed that, by the manner in
which the loans hildbeen negotiated, and the manner
in
-which the instalments had been arranged, not Jess -
than 15,000,0001. had been lo.t to the .Public. This
sum be reggded as a bonus given to the Contrzctora,
by whom it had generally been shared. The first
dividends of all loans I-ad been excused from the
Income 'fax. Considering this as so much taken from
the revenue, and adding that to the amount he •had
already mentioned, he conceived the country to have
suffered by the operations to which he referred, which
might be regarded as equal to a loss of capital to
the amount of 38,000,0001. stock. These calcula:ions
he did not risk on his own authAity. He had been
much assisted by a gentleman of the name of Marten;
but, though he had the. fullest confiJence in Lie ac-
curacy of his calculations, he had had them clsecked
by others. lie had done that in order to produce
la statement of the finances of the country which
,should be as free from fault as possible. The
Member next described his fourth and fifth Resolu-
tion, which run as follows :
Tls.at for the sum of £579,7131,388 of money received and
accounted CM., Its stated in the preceding ilesolution, from the
In.of 'February, 1763, to the sth of January, 1817, there has
been &ea/44f 'capital In Stocks of variuns dtnomioatlons, to the
amount of .C 679,8119,94.1, at an annual charge for interest in
perpetuity to the amount of 429,289,648; and of X230,000•of
annuides From - May
attacks from
total iiiatdd e
.(exclusive of
'whith sum of
insiyerted into
1 bilinear tll4
'Aftuttla for t 3.
capful; •for every
A

I

1.,
111
:11

.11
~

utu Alay, 119.5, to May, 1819; and of £654A95
mm various elites,' MI tettninable in 186 b, making —a
eriarge of intereSt and anouitiek of £30,174,383
kr. about XtellO,o9o per annum for management),
cir 00074,563, equal t04630,040,445' in perpetuity,
Dto a 3 per cent. capital, is t ftal to A:1,001,348,166.
Vi tate a ,c 172 148. of '3 per cent capital for every
40514,791,888 money received, or I:100 3 per cent.
evary4s7: Ills. In Roney. •
Aito , canvassing Of the 4 and 5 per. cent. capitals is
•
•
• .

^

t.

,

snide at the average relative prices they bore to 5 per cents. atj
ehe time th y were funded, the total amount in 3 per cent. caq
ptal will he £975,784,592, instead of £1,001,348,166, as stated
the preceding Resolution."
The £40,982,119 of 4 per cents. were funded at an aveelige
of 18100 capital for-£B2 money, the relative current value of the
3 per cents. being £67, which gives of 3 per cents. £81,1711,133
The £120,557,471 of 5 per cents. were funded
at an average of £lOO capital for £9O money, the
.relative current value of the 8 per cents: being
£6O, which gives of 5 per cents. - . - 180,8361206
• The amount of 5 per cents. funded - 708,750,353
The ..-1184,695 of terminable annuities, reduced
inn) a perpetual annuity of £750,777, equal to
I per cent. capital .

• Total 3 per,cent..capital -

15,0i5;900

- 975,784,594

Making a difference Of
of 3 per cent. capital, which is an equivalent for pay-
ing a higher rate of interest on the 4 and 5 per cents.
than in the S per cents. and there has,. been paid on ,
the total amount of the 4 and 5 per cents. funded, an
annual sum increasing to 766,9071. per annum en
the sth of January,,lBl6, which in fourteen years,
at 5 per cent. is equivalent to the difference of capi-
tal created in funding in the 4 and 5 per cents. in-
stead of in the S percents. By this he meant to
chew, that if he got for 901. 1001. in 5 per cent. stock,
fm his 901. he should receive an annuity of 51. If
for the same sum he purchased 1501. in 3 per cent.
stock, he should .receive annually but 41.101. The
difference between 41. rOs. and V. was 10s. This 10s.
suffered to accumulate with compound interest,
would, in thirty-seven years, amount to a sum which
would pay the expense incurred by the difference be-
tween the rates of interest on the Fives and Threes.
The sixth Resolution set forth, that there had been
paid to the Commissioners of the Sinking Fund, in
the twenty-four years from 1793 to 417, the sum
of 188,522,344.4 The expense of the office' of the
said Commissioners, during that period, was 0,6981.
making the amount paid to the said Commissioners
188,585,0381. With this sum, as he sheaved in the
seventh Resolution, the Commissioners had purchased
stock, the annual dividends on which amounted to
9,163,23 V. sterling. The money borrowed to enable
the Commissioners was obtained at an interest of
51. 3s. 7d. per cent. Had they gained the same in
terest for the money when expended, there would
have been no less but that incurred• on account of
management ; but in point of fact, the operation thus
effected had produced for the public but an interest
of 41. 17s. 2J. per cent. The eighth Resolution
shewed that the amount of annual charge created
in perpetuity, by raising the 188,585,0381. money,
was 9,771,0631. whilst the annual charge redeemed
by the Commissioners of the Sinking. Fund with that
amount was only 9,168,2331. being 602,8301. of an-
nual charge in perpetuity less redeemed than created,
equal to '20,091,3331. of 3 per cent. capital ; shewing
that the debt was created between 1793 and 1817, at
the rate of 1721. I4s. of 3 per cent. capital for every
1001. in cash ; and that the amount redeemed in the
same time was at the rate of 1621. Is. of 3 per cent.
capital for every 100/. cash, being a loss of 10/.135.
of 3 per cent. capital on every 1001. of money ex-
pended by the Commissioners. The ninth Resolu-
tion shewed that had there been no Sinking Fund,l
there would have been an immediate diminution or
expense to the amount .of 1,313,1111. The tenth sett,
forth that the total Revenue of Great Britain in the
'2l years between the sth January, 1793, and the 5,.h
January, 1817, from taxes alone, including the small
branches of hereditary revenue, and incidental re-
sources, amounted to the sum of 1,114,318,5631.
sterling. The four illowing Resolutions shewed the
excess of expenditure o'er revenue at different pe-
riods. The 15th and 16th Resolutions deduced from
them the following co,,clusions

" That it appears by the preceding Resolutions, that, in con-
sequence of not raising the supplies within the year, by taxes,
to the amount of £158,349,040, its the 24 years, bviug an ave-
rage of 65,764,543 per annum, a debt of £809,703,702 of ca.l
pita!' has been incurred, at an increased annual charge of
£22,737,371, thereby occasioning taxation to the extent of up-1
wards of 58 millions per annum, whilst from the sth of January,
2817, al•out 33 millions only would have sufficed.

" that, by the union of the Exchequer of Ireland with that
of Great Britain, on the Sth of January, 1817, a further annual
chugs of £1,323,775 11s. 4d. was added to the annual charge
of Great Britain, then amounting to £30,628,234 (as stated in
the 14th Resolution), by the incorporation of A 18,739,869 of,
capital, funded and unfunded, created in Ireland, making the
total amount of debt, funded and unfunded, of the United
Kingdom, on the Bth of Jae. 181 f; to amotun to 4848,155,106,
and the annual charge to Z 11,952,009."

—He now came to the second period in which the
Revenue had exceeded the expenditure of the coun-
try ; and here a most extraordinary circumstance de-
manded their attention. Between 1817 and 1822,
we had a surplus Revenue of £7,5020,000, yet we
had borrowed no less than £90,000,000, in conse-
quence of which a loss had been sustained of £79,961
of perpetual annuity, equal to £2,665,376 of three
per cent. capital. The succeeding Resolutions which
he desci ibed, represented the country to have lost
♦ast sums by the operation of the Sinking Fund.—
Takipg the average of the whole period; he calcu-
lated that six shillings and fourpence had been lost
on eve. y hundred pounds borrowed during the last
twenty-nine years on account of the Sinking Fund.
The 29th Resolution chewed, that the system of bor-
rowing, during twenty-four years, created a neces-
sity fir borrowing more, to cover the interest of
money previously raised. In this way an additional
permanent charge of £602,830 had been created. In
this system lie saw the cause of the distress felt at the
present moment. It was not generally known,, that
up to 1817 the people of England had never paid one
shilling of the National Debt. The interest had al-
ways been paid with money borrowed for the pur-
pose. It was in consequence of. the burthen thrown
upon them, by their having at last to pay the inte-
rest of the Debt, and with diminished means, that
they were reduced to the present situation. He con-
tended, that money might have been borrowed'
cheaper than it had been, had we not gone into the
market to borrow, in order to enable the Sinking
Fund Commissioners to continue their operations.—
He mentioned several instances in which a great im-
pression had been produced on the fundt by the
amount of the loan called for by the. Chancellor of
-- On one occasion, when a loan of
was intended to be taken, it was re-
,2,000,060, the other £12,000,000 being
the Sinking Fund. The consequence
smaller sum had been borrowed in
terms so much more favourable than
have been obtained.; that consider-

, •

ing, as he had ig right to dell, the taring sot to
confined to the r 12,000,000, but wending to the
whole *4,000,000 wanted for the public service, the
cbuntry gained by. the cour.e which had been taken
what was equal to £1,315,000 of Stock. • Since that
period the Sinking Fund had again and again been
resorted to, under similar circumstances, and tiOrty-
laix millions had been taken from it, by which, he was
Feonfident, not less than ten millions of three per cent.
capital had been saved to the nation. The 33d and
34th Resolutions declared, that if there had been
no Sinking Fund, the surplus Revenue must have
been greater; and had that excess been applied to the
purchase of Stock, at the prices which have preValled
during these five years, the total excess of Revenue
would have amortnte4•to itiactut33,ooo,oo9l: redeem-
ing 42,000,0001. of three per cent. capital, thereby
diminishing the charge by about 1,260,0001. per an•
num, and leaving the total charge for 1122 at
23,266,3201. instead of 39,015,7861. as stated in the
25th Resolution, making an excess of annual charge
in 1822 to the amount of 6,749,4661. equal to
224,982,3001. of three per cent. capital. In the 35th
Resolution he came to the following general conclu.;
'ion, that, notwithstanding 270,548,8951.11' stated to
have been applied towards the reduction. of the Na-
tional Debt, between the sth of January, 1793, and the
Sth of January, 1822, not only has no reduction been
effected therein, but, on the contrary, it has actually
been increased to the amount of 603,449,8591. at an
annual charge of 22,312,3701. hereby demonstrating
that the Sinking Find system was founded in fallaey,
and has been maintained-by delusion. lie theref
felt warranted in assuming, in his' 36th Resolution,
that whether the financial system of the country be i
regarded in reference to the increased burden of
1,144,5871. per annum, occasioned by the Commis
sioners of the Sinking Fund, in merely purchasing
Stock en worse terms than that at which it had been
created, as stated in the 24th Resolution; or in refer-
ence to that of 6,749,4661. occasioned by the extension
and complication of the accounts, in consequence of
the existence of the Sinking Fund system, as stated
in the 34th Resolution; or in reference to the in-
creased burden of 22,312,3701. per annum, which has
been inflicted on the Public since 1799, and to conti-
nue in perpetuity by not having raised above 138
millions of additional taxes in the twenty-four yeani
from the sth of January, 1793, to the sth of January,
INT,' and which occasioned taxation in 1821 to up-
wards of 60 millions, whilst about 33 millions only
would have sufficed, as previously .hewn in the I.lth
Resolution; either case sufficiently shews that the
financial system of the country is founded on erro-
neous principles, portending consequences as ruinous
and fatal as the Sinking Fund system is demonstrated
to be fallacious and delusive. The two Resolutionsl
which followed were intended to prove that the plan
of the Noble Lord, for tying up 5,000,0001. as al
Sinking Enid for ten years, in the manner propoied,
would be most ruinous to the country. They took
a prospective view of the result of a Sinking VIIII.I,
applied for ten years to the purchase of Stock, and
drew this inference, that under the operation of a
Sinking Fund to that amount, set apart to accumu-
late at compound interest, no relief whatever from
taxation will he afforded to the country for ten years;
and without any guarantee that the exaction of an
great an amount of taxes may hot, under the present
difficulties of the country, occasion an increase of dis-
trers and pauperism more than equivalent to any ad-
vantag .s that can arise from the remission of
2,193,0431. of taxes per annum, at the expiration of
that period: whilst the immediate remission of taxes
to the amount of 5,000,0001. per annum will afford
a most important and essential relict from those bur-
dens which at present piess so heavily on the indus-
try of the country. He contendeJ, that if the plan
of the Noble Marquis were attempted to be carried
into effect, no security would be given that the Sink-
ing Fund would not be seized hereafter by the Chan--
cellar of the Exchequer. In 1786, Mr. Pitt calcu-
lated that a Sinking Fund of one million would, in
28 years, amount to four millions, care being taken
that it should not be broken in upon, which practice,
he remarked, had hitherto been the countt y's bane.
But fur this, Mr. Pitt had said, the public debt would
not have been so burdensome as it then was. But it
was in vain that attempts had been made to prevent
Ministers from seizing on that which ought to have
been held sacred. Not only had the present Chan-I,
cellor of the Exchequer done so, but others had ven-
tured to do what Mr. Pitt had considered human im-
prudence would not dare to attempt, as he had de-
clared it to be his intention so to bind his successors,
that to violate the principle of the 'Sinking Fund
should be impossible. If the Sinking Fund were
kept up, they ought to know in what way it was pro-
posed to secure it from the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer, but he contended that for the present it would
be better to have no Sinking Fund. Thete were a
few, he believed, who, by some strange infatuation,
thought that the Sinking Fund had some operation in
upholding the public credit; but he maintained that
the public credit would have been mote substantially
kept np by confining the system of loans, and aban-
doning the Sinking Fund altogether. Every man
who knew anything knew that the Sinking Fund was
now nothing. He feared that lie should not make
such an impression upon the House as this inquiry
had made upon his mind. If he could, he was suie
that they would see the necessity of entering into the'
subject at once, although it might lengthen the Ses-
sion for six weekt or two months. As he feared that
he should not convey that impression to the House,
he at least hoped that he should succeed in persuading
it, early in the next Session, to inquire into the ope-
ration of the Sinking Fund, and our whole system
of finance. He concluded by moving the first Re-
sOlution, which was as follows :

:.

•

I

1, That the National Debt of Great Britain unredeemed, on
the Sth et January, 1793, was £1139,350,143 = consisting of
£2117,9119,149 of funded, and of h 1143411,900 of Exchequer
Bills, at an annual charge of £9,203,974."
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that as the }louse had not had an opportunity of ex-
amining the calculations and statements of the Hon.
Member, in the few observAtions he was about to sub-
mit, he wished to be considered as neither admitting
nor denying the accuracy of the figures. It appeared
that these Resolutions were to form a basis or some
further measures which the Hon. Member proposed
to introduce in a futikre Session of Parliament ; he
thought, therefore, that until they knew to what the
Resolution: were intended to lead, it would be better

Mr. GRENFELL complimented his Hon. Friend
upon the able manner in which he had brought for-
ward the subject; but he differed with him as to the
propriety of taking away the Sinking Fund. With
every re,pect for his opinion, he believed the present
system for the reduction of debt was the best that
could he adopted. But there was no pai tof hi, Hon.
Fi iend's statement in which he more entirely agreed.
than that which related to the injurious operation at
the Sinking Fund in time of war. He held in his
hand a set of Resolutions, which he had ese honour
to submit to the House in 1819. shewing the loss
which bad been su.tained upon the loans of the last
four years. As he considered that thi, subject would
be fully discussed at a future opportunity, and as he
considered that his Hon. Friend had brought it for-
-ward merely to attract the notice of Parliament to-
wards it, he should say nothing further upon the pre.
sent occasion, excepting to repeat his thanks for the
able manner in which it had been brought forward.
Mr. HUME replied, and the postponement to that
day three months was carried without a division.
SLAVIERY AT TIM CAPE ON GOOD HOP&
Mr. WILBERFOOCE said, that on the last time of
his having the honour to address the House, it was
'to submit a motion for an Address to his lajesty,
praying that he would use all the influence be pos-
sessed, to induce Foreigii Powers to assist in putting
down the slave trade ; and his present motion might
be considered supplementary to that; because, in
the same degree that we had urged the duties of
humanity upon others,' t became us to discharge
them strictly and perfectly ourselves. In the very
considerable emigrations which had taken . place
from this country to the Cape of Good Hope, many
emigrants had gone to the eastern boundaries, and
two large settlements bad been there formed. All
the information which he had received convinced
him that if measures were not taken to prevent it,
great danger would arise of a large slave colony
being established in that quarter. From the present
state of the population th. were very few slaves,
only as many as were necessary to serve the few
families sprinkled about the country; and it was an'
object of his motion to prevent their increase by spe-
culators) or persons embarking in any pursuits which
required great human labour; and to warn such
persons that their designs could not be carried on by
the use of slaves. By such means alone could they
prevent slavery from establishing itself in that part
of the world. He alluded to the, clauses inserted
in the grants of land for preventing the use of slaves,
but be considered them to be ineffectual to the ob-
ject intended. The Hon. Member they expatiated
upon the blessings which liberty imparted to slaves,
and upon the duct which attached to those who
lived under a free Constitution, of affording it
to them wherever it was possible for them to do
so. The aptitude which these poor creatures pos-
sessed for • instruction and civilisation was se very
visible, that in' time there was no doubt but that
they should see those who were now slaves becoosel
a happy and an industrious peasantry. The tattlers'

- .
tiiii;r:,e4--- • •-,,,
•
..(4, Of consideration of , Itik. lie , the parts to which he had alluded, would have
..414 howoor, wisketo majp. a oingsvarpo 1 . g_ temptations for the introduction of slaves
1
isPoo mope general priatilds which periuded hey liY sea and land. And nothing could be more
Hook Metisber's statement ; had* doing sopAse' disgraceful to this country than to leave slavery to
shOildilass the sulteeandeithrei distinct heedi.-- I be•htablished in one of our own colonies where it
Tba dist would eta the declaration of the Hon. never existed before.. After the efforts we have
Member, that agreatsaving would have been effected made in such a' Canso, would it not be Said,- U Ohl
if, during the war, the expenses of the country had what a falling off is here!" if,' after endeavouring to
been raised by war taxes from year to year. This pro- eradicate slavery in .all other parts of the world, we
position was not new to Parliament. By a Resolu- allowed it to be' established under such circum.
lion entered on their Journals in the year 1812, it op- stances? He then alluded to cases in which slavery
peared that the principle was. recognised. But such had been exterminated in colonies by the exertions
it system must have its limits: and it was doubtful of individuals,—and instanced St. Helena, where Sir
whether it would have been applicable to thee:tended Hudson Lowe, aided by the liberal conduct of the
expenditure which was 'afterwards created by the East India Company, had changed a set-of Wretched
protracted war. It was adopted after the peace of people, in chains and slavery, into a set of persons
Amiens; and he recurred to that with the more plea-. labouring for their hire. The way to abcnish the
sure, on account of the Minister of that day—those slave trade 'was thus to eradicate slavery. There
exertions were made by Mr. Addington. To this part was, at the Cape, another set of people who were
of the lion. Member's propositions, he should not in formerly. the most degraded upon the face of the
principle object. With regard to his opinions as to the earth. He meant the Hottentots. He understood
use of the Sinking Fund.in time of war, which formed that Sir James Grey had succeeded in forming sorre
the second bead of the observations he intended to of them into a regiment, and had found them tract-
submit, the Hon. Member had adopted the Conc'. able and intelligent. The Honourable Member a-n.
sions of Dr. Hamilton. But the general opinion of eluded by moving an Address to his Majesty, statiig
those conversant with the subject by practice was, that in substance the satisfaction of the [louse, that Slive
upon the whole very - material advantage was de. labour had been forbidden at the Cape, and that a
rived from the system which had been adopted.— Slave Registry had been established there; and re.
With respect to the third part of the subject, that commending the Hottentot population to his Ala-
which related to the general conduct of the finances, jesty's protection, in the confident hope that they
he thought they should be better able to enter upon would, with the assistance of education, and moral
`that discussion when the Hon. Member was prepared and religious instruction, become useful and oiza-
us state the plan upon which he considered they mental members of society.
ought to be conducted. In the meantime there were Mr. WILMOT said he should not oppose ae
a few observation; which he was desirous of making motion ; but he could not forbear offering a few ch.
upon this head. The Hon. Gentleman, in comparing servations in consequence of the speech of his Ilor.
the charge of the Debt since the end of the war, op- Friend. He could assure him that no reasonable
peared to have lost sight of the saving which had precaution had been omitted to be taken for the pr.
been effected upon the interest of the unfunded Debt. pose of preventing the can-) ing on of any. tradain
The interest at that time was three millions, whereas slaves at the Cape. But it was too well known that
it now only amounted to one.—(Mr. Hume intimated manumission to those who were at present in a state
to the Right Hon. Gentleman, that this reduction was of slavery would be anything but beneficial to them.
accounted for in his 26th Resolution.)—The diminu. Slavery indeed was a twofold curse, for it dep:4sied
Lion in the Unfunded Debt was acknowledged, but him that inflicted, as well as him that si,:.: cd it.
not the diminution of the charge to the amount of He hoped, however, that the measures taken on the
two millions. The charge upon the Funded Debt Coast would ultimately destroy this pernicious traffic.
was-not materially diminished, butt as he had be- In the propriety of giving moral and religious in.
fore stated, there was a reduction upon charge of struction to those who unhappily were slaves at pre.
the Unfunded Debt, amounting to two millions. It sent, he fully concurred ; and he. was happy to inlorat
must be °brim's; that-this-was the effect of the ope- his Hon. Fr lend that this important object was ccn.
ration of the Sinking Fund; for it was that which !!.attl.l kept in view by his Majesty's Government
had raked the Funds to a state at which great finan- with respect to the slaves immediately under their
kisl measures had been accomplished with so much controul. He agreed in every word which kad
advantage. Dr. Hamilton, from whom the Honour- been uttered by his Hon. Friend iii reprobation of
able Gentleman had taken some of his opinions, and slavery. He wished to see it abolished; but one of
who said, that the operation of the-Sinking Fund in the melancholy consequences of slavery was, that it
,time of war was disadvantageous,. said also, that a could not be abolLhed without an interference with
, surplus beyond expenditure could not be so benefi- the rights of property. He assured the 110u,,2 that
cially applied as to the reduction of Debt. To the his Majesty's Ministers were determined to do every
acquirement of such a surplus, all their efforts had thing in their power to promote the object which
been directed; and the five millions which had been they all had in view.
so acquired, was that which the Hon. Gentleman Mr. W. SMITH expressel his hearty approlLititl
now wished to take from them. The Hon. Gentle- of the motion. He never would admit that any ma
man seemed to imply, that he had some means of re- had a right of property, as it had been called, in e.:
ducing the Debt without a Sinking Fund. But it ap- person of another.
peared to him to be one of those inventions which Mr. MONEY also spoke in favour of the motive.
were more easily promised than realised. The pre- Dr. PII.ILLIMORE agreed that the rights o! our
sent system was sanctioned and supported by the best Dutch subjects at the Care, ought to be tql.cLed
practical authorities, and by the common sense of with extreme caution ; but in the genetal Frinciples
the country. The Right Hon. Gentleman concluded stated by the Honourable Mover he folly co:icicied.
by moving, ~ That the further consideration of the Mr. BUXTON suppotted the mo ion, witch, a IC7 a
Resolution be adjourned to this day three months." few words from Mr. WILBERFORCE, t% -b a: :eel.] ;c.

Till CAPE, M•VILITIVII, CEYLON, &c. ..
Mr.. WILMOT rose pursuant to notice, to move an Add:est
for Commissioners of inquiry to be sent out to the Caie t•
Good Elope, Mauritius, Ceylon; aiid the Leeward 1d.....5.
The Honourable Member gated shortly the object the C..m....it.
doings would have in view, lit the first place, they west'.: hate
to inquire into the general state of those Colonies, the o.:e of
Civil Government, and whether offices were liable to 1.rd:1:-
don ; also to inquire into the state of the law, the e..,...! of
slaves, and the best means of enforcing the laws iur tbt .I.oli-
don of the Stave Trade. The depreciation •f cue curr,ncy
would come under their consideration, and they would have :a
suggest such improvements as could be adopted fur the aired .c.
ration of the condition of the colonists. lie trusted the 11Juie
would agree with him, tharthese Commissions sent out :Ilya
be attended with the greatest advantage to the country. Wi:k
respect to sending out Commissions to the Leeward Islands, ite
I was influenced by the observ.tions of a Noble Lord i Nug.cu:,
who had deprecated the state of criminal justice in these :oh:-
1 Met, at the same time it was impossible then to say wbat rev-
! lotion ought to tee adopted. The lion. Member concluded by
moving, " T1...t an humble Address be pees .nted to lin Ma-
jesty, praying he would 4e graciously pleased to give directiort
for issuing a Commission under the Great Seal, tar inquiry fine
the state of the Cape of Good Elope, the Mauritius, Ccylune-1
the Leeward Islands."
Mr. WILBERFORCE thought there could not be a more
desirable object than the inquiry into the condition of the ILA
population at the Cape, and other Colonies to which the Caa:-
missions were to apply.
Lord NUGENT said, he should compliment his ifol. Pied
who had moved for the Commissions, did he net know that :In
lion. Friend would not be pleased by any applause bestowe.l da
him for the discharge, of his duty. He was convinced the b.,
quiry proposed could not fail to be highly advantneous to be-
inanity and justice. The Noble Lord adverted to tile improper
manner in which the law was administered in the Wand of Ja-
maica, and most strenuously supported the 'notion.
Mr. HUME was sensible the Commissions would be advan-
tageous. Nothing could be more desirable than inquiry into the
state of the currency at the Cape and Ceylon ; he should there-
fore propose, as an amendment, that Commissioneis should l':
sent trinidad to examine the state of the administrationoi
Spanish law, both civil and criminal.
Mr. MA RRYATT supported the amendment, and Wl'
plained of the abuses under the &pettish laws now adnenetr
in the Island of Trinidad. He entered into a detail of vart.,-1
fees taken by the Governor (Sir R. Woodford), and contend .4
that the commercial interests of the country were injured by eke
present state of that Colony.
Mr. GOULBURN said, the' only crime of Sir R. Wook!feri
in the eyes of his accusers was, that he had opposed the intro-
duction into Trinidad of what was called the jjri :sh Consunt-
dos • but which in fact was nothing more nor less than a gent
of atrocious;
atrocious tyranny, claiming absolute dominion on the part ‘'f
the minority over the majority. He had frequently chaikof6l
the Hon. klemberfer Sandwich to fair discussion on the suhjec:
of the charges against Sir R. Woodibrd, and whenever he woali
move for the papers on which such a discussion must be found: 4
he should be quite ready to enter on his defence.
Mr. T. WILSON observed, that ivehould be borne in 'lli. 3
that the Right Hon. Secretary obtained his information fi '"
'gorses naturally favourable to Sir R. Woodford. He thourl :
some inquiry should take place on the subject.
Mr. Wuiry. SMITJI thought that Trinidad shatld be included la
the
Mr.
Mr. WILMOI' briefly replied. He hoped the Hon. Melnhil
for Aberdeen would not render null the effect of his mottos. bf
his Amendment in the existing state of the House.
Mr. UME declined giving up his Amendment.
Mr. YNM moved that the discussion be adjourned.
proud/
The House was about to divide, when the motion was a
to, and the other Orders of the Day having been disposed oft:be
House adjourned at a Quarter past Two o'Clock.

We understand that a Fourth Volume of that
amusing Work, The Hermit in the Country, is to Jr-
, pear ou theist of August.

. f . the Exchequer.
wa
e4Exchequer.,
duced to £12,0(
! ,
borrowed from t
of this was, the
' ...,
the market on to
could otherwise
