PROM Tilt JOURNAL DIA DUSATS, AUGUSrIO.

A report is in circulation that the King of Hulland
will vibit the crmp formed at St. Omer at the period
when tAe Kati; of Fiance proceeds thither.

JOURNAL OF TOURKAY.

General: de Mocha Pnra, First Chamberlain of the
King of Brazil, who was deputed to conduct the Infant
Don Miguel to Brazil, departed yesterday for Brrst.
It is supposed that he will embark immediately on board
the John VI. which was appointed to carry the Infant
tabs august brother.
_ _

The Moniker of this day (Aug. 9,) contains someob=
servations on the answer of the Divan to the (heat
Powers, which appear to us worthy of occupying thi
attention of our readers, and calculated to throw some
light on the events which are preparing in the East,
It is long since we discovered, before the official
Journal, that the Divan spoke, with regard to Greece,
a language which was not its own.
We are of opinion with the Moniteer, that the Powers
cannot. without forswearing themselves, neglect the
source of a state of things so unfortunate as that which
prevails in the East. But we cannot fail to discover in
this language the same expressions even which we have
ourselves employed during the last five years, in im-
ploring the interposition of all the Christian Cabinets
between the oppressors and oppressed. How many mis.
fortunes would then have been spared to humanity by
this tardy intervention!
The following paragraph is in the Moniker:
"We have been surprised at seeing the official mani-
festo of the. Porte lost io abstractions. Such is not the
usual character of its notes.

" The principle which it lays down is at the same
time a principle of hostility against Europe, and of ac-
cusation against the Porte itself.
" If GOD has distributed nations among many sove-
reigns, with special laws and invariable limits, the Porte,
in dispossessing the ancient Greek Emperors, would
have violated the law of Gon. If it is only upon Its
religious dogm J 5 that the policy of the Porte is founded,
it is then placed in a state of permanent hostility with
every Power that is not Mussulman; for a policy that
is ent'rely religious tends to bring the whole world tin:
der the yoke of a single religion. And such, indeed, is
the spirit of the Koran. Every line of it breathes con.
quest to such a degree, that there are even express pre-
cepts for the division of the booty. Is it not a maxim
of the most revered doctors, that the sword is the key
of Heaven ?

" As it is impossible tolirevent mankind from seeing
in the consequences of this principle a result dangerous
to humanity, and as all States must feel theinselves
authorised by thelaw of nature to form a league against
any individual State which should profess it without
reserve, Mahometanism has been compelled, under
many circumstances, to modify itself. We want no
other example than tftst of the slavery of the people
whom it has subdued by the sword. A. state of slavery'
is contrary to the law of the Prophet which demands
the life, and not the thraldom of infidels. It would
seem from the haughty language of the Reis Effendi,
`that the Sublime Porte has never departed from the
doctrines which it proclaims—that it has never, for ex-
ample, recognised the right of mediation between itself
and its subjects. The answer to this pretension is writ-
ten in the Treaty of Carlowitz, which gave the Morea
to the Venetians—in the Treaty of Kainardgy, which
liberated the Tartars of the Crimea—in the multitude
of subsequent Treaties, which secure to Russia a right
of protecting entire province;,—in short, in the very
protocol of the conferences of Akermann.

•
" Besides, the right of intervention is not the only.
basis of the Treaty : there is also the individual interest
of the diff,:rent confedaate Powers ; and surely, Powers,
which see the path of their vessels impeded by floating
carcasses and infested by pirates, cannot, without ab-
juring their duty, neglrct the cause of so melancholy a
stale of things. In vain does the manifesto of the Sub-
lime p,,,te affirm that the evils occisioned by the in-
sut recti in of the Greeks fall only upon themselves—
facts :peak wt.h a louder voice th .n diplomatic notes."
11, July 30.
PRI VATIC CORRESPJNDENCE.

The departure of the •Duke de San Carlos is now
salted of. The choice made by the French Government
of an Arnba,sa,tor t' our Court, has, no doubt, given
rise to the report; but 1 can safely say, that no prepv-

NO event will be more generally felt than that which
has just deprived England of her first Statesman. The
world had its eyes on him. The American Republics,
Portugal, and Preece, looked at him either with grati,
'tulle or with hope. The former partly owed to him
their eitstesice; the latter expected him to put an end
to.their evils... Will the course of his policy finish with
him?* Will..tbe system no which he had founded the
new directione had given to England, follow him to
his tomb? We cannot believe it. Mr. Canning is not
one of those men whose influence lasts only during their
lives, and who leave no trace after them. The advan-
tages England has derived from her connection with the
new States of America; and the character these States
have acquired in Europe, guarantee the continuance of
the policy adopted towards them. The Treaty with
Greece is signed; the execution of it is commenced; all
the-forces are moving towards the accomplishment of
its object As to this affair also, the death of Mr. Can
ring will not prevent the interposition of Europe. The
question is more difficult to resolve with regard to Por-
tugal. The part taken by Mr. Canning as to this coun-
ty, was one of the boldest acts of his political career ;
and, yet, notwith%tandinß its audacity,' it has led to no
decisive le.ulr. The difficulties of Portugal have only
become more complicated. It was difficult to conjec-
ture what were Mr. Canning's intentions as to the future
fate of this kingdom, or what were his views as to the
measures to be adopted for the pacification of this
greatly agitated country. This is, perhaps, the most
difficult task left to his successors ; it was enough, even
for Isis skill, experience, and ability, to have exti icated
himself from it with honour.

• Mr. Canning has more than one title to the regret of
his 'countrymen. He had restored to England that rank
in Europe, which she seemed about to lose. He hall re-
vived the brilliancy of the British power, which had
been obscured by his *predecessors. While thus occu-
pied with the external dignity of his country, he ne.
glected no improvement which might contribute to its
internal prosperity. It should not be forgotten that
during his Ministry those restrictions were abolished
which Englisri commerce formeriy deemed necessary to
its success, but which it was afterwards glad to see re-
moved. Lately Mr. Canning had announced that he
was planning reductions in tire army: this was one of
the most popular measures an English Minister could
adopt. Mr. Canning was beloved in England, not only
for what he had done, but for what was expected from
him. He carries with him to his tomb more hopes than,
perhaps, he would have been able to realise. If it be so,
he dies at the moment most favourable to his glory---:a
happiness denied to many emioent men.
It is net to he concealed that Mr. Canning, after he
became head of the Cabinet, met with numerous obsta-
cles, which were not entirely removed. The Ministry,
formed with great difficulty and recently re-modeled,
had been too much occupied with its internal changes,
to justify all the expectations it had excited. The Treaty
in tavour of Greece is the only important act it has per-
formed. The noble position taken by Mr. Canning—
his memorable acts—his immortal speeches, in which
lie declared, that the welfare of England, so far from
fling founded on the misfortunes of her neighbours,
could not be complete or lasting without the happiness
and freedom of other nations ; these glorious professions
of faith, Welcomed by the whole world, date their ex-
istence from the epocha when Mr. Canning was only a
simple member of the Ministry.

THOM THZ CONSTITUTIONNEL.
YAKS. AUGUST' 9.
_ . _ . .

The hopes which westill loved to cherish have un-
fortunately vanished. A telegraphic dispatch from
Calais announces the death ut Mr. Canning, at Chis-
wick, on the Bth of August, at .50 minutes past three.
This melancholy.news has also been received by Lord
Granville, the British Ambassador.

This e•ent has produced at Paris a sensation which
will be shared by the people of every nation both in
the old world and in the new. A nation has just reason
to be proud when it sees other nations share in the re-
gret which one of its Ministers excites. The interests
of humanity are now the joint stock property of all
nations. There are some sympathies so powerful, that
they cannot be impaired by the spirit of rivalry. We
live at a time in which the loss of a Minister who is the
friend of liberal institutions is a subject of grief to every
generous heart.

FROP4 TUE QUOTIDIENNI.
PARIS AUGUST 9.

This great political event must necessarily have a
great influence over England, and indeed Europe.—
Mr. Canning having disappeared, the Royal confidence
cannot be placed in any of the individuals alluded to
by the Times, as these are at the head of a system of
their own. Will the King place confidence in Lord
Lansdown or Holland? It is impossible. A new Ca.
buret, then, mo.t be formed, I do not say upon en-
tirely Tory princip!e., bu: at any rate upon those of
Lord L;verpoors.Administration. It is to be hoped
that England has no longer to dread the visionary pro-
ject:: of Parliamentary Reform, or any other of the
notions which, sooner or later, radicalism would have
endeavoured to carry into effect. With regard to
'Europe the consequences are immense. The fascination
of his talents, and t:ie activity of his mind, tendered
Mr. Canning a most daogerou. man. Being under the
guidance of IVhigs, he Was no longer biinself, and would
' nave advanced the cause of radicilissa--iicaiset vas.

A fire lately occurred at Mr. Owen's settlement at
New Harmony, which caused a loss of about 2,ooofiol-
lars. It was produced by lightning, which struck a
barn filled straw and grain, and destroyed it. By grtat
exertions, and a change of wind, the flames were pre-
vented from spreading, otherwise a -scut part of,the
town would have been endangered.
The Bank of the United States has declared a divi.
dead of three per cent. for the list six months. The
surplus is said to be such as to inspire confidence.
The A'ew York Mereavlik Advertiser says—.. 4 The '
delay of the meeting of the Congress of Tacubaya is
accounted for from natural causes. We have it from
the best authority, that the reports of Mexico being
opposed to the appointment of Representatives to this
'Congress, or of being unfriendly to the contemplated
conferences, is incorrect. The truth is, the MinisterS of
Central America, Peru, and Colombia, retsirned'to their
respective countries with certain Treaties agreed upon at
Panama, to obtain the ratification of the same by their
Governments. These Treaties were said to be altoge-
ther of a local character, containing no objec•ionable
stipulations; but the agitated state in which those three
countries have been placed trace the period of the Pa-
nama Congress, has to this time prevented them from
being considered and ratified. Until this 1; donr,•it is
believed the Session of the Congress will lint he resumed,
HARD GALE ON TOR Sr. LAWRENCE-0o F,iday
night, 22d of June, a gale more disastroti. than any
recollected, visited the river St. Lawrence, but the losses
on the river are said not to compare with tho.e nn Lake
St. Peter. Fourteen rafts were shattered, and ahnrat 100
lives were lost. Ore rift wa,Wricked ePposiie. Pointe
du Lac, on which were S 2 perions' 11 of whom were
drowned; the other, were rescued by the jolly boat of
,the steam boat Waterloo. The Wateilon r,n on'a rack
near Quebec, but was not much daiaaged. Bitieaux
loaded with flour, 'Ste: weitiskrOkteeked thitiiit the
gale; and the following morning the lake was bier al' y
covered with pieces of rafts, flour barrels, wreck of
batteaux, &c. and presented but one vast sceneoldev-
lation. In the course of the night some of the wrecks
passed Three Rivers, upon which several persoew,were
clinging, crying for assistance in the most appalling
manner; but from the extreme darkness of the night,
and the violence with which the tempest raged, it would
have been impassible for the inhabitants of Tniee Rivers
to render them any assistance; the attempt would have
been attended with almost certain destruction. At
Quebec, several vessels were dismasted and otherwise
injured. At Prescott, we learn the violence of the gale
was such as. to drive the water idto the stores adjoining
the river, and completely inundated many of them.

NEW YORK, JULY 10. •

LATEST AND IMPORTANT PROM THE PACIPIC.
We have received d Gu iyaqu 1 taper of the 16th of
April, from which we learn th -t a complete revi•lutiots
'has taken place in that city, as we anticill ited a few
days since, without any bloodshed. That-city,t!lctlnt
in Colombia to give even a partial sanction to the Soli.
vian constitution, has been foremost in the counter.
revolution in favour of the legitimate Government,
which, we believe, is destined to a speedy triumph.
Gen. Elizalde, commander of the third division of the
Colombian troops, on the 6th of April addressed a let-
ter, which we translate below, to the authorities, who
called a meeting of the citizens, by which the public
voice was given for a change favourable to the present
Government of the Republic.

i i
