BONAPARTE STILL AT TORBAY.

Letters received this morning from TdrSay, dated
the tii, state that his Majesty's ship BaUjugopHoN,
Vitil BONAPARTE on board, still remains, and without
ordet's as to her &titre destitiation. The pert Ad.:
*suiral of 'Plymouth and Lord Kum did not arrive
at B/1/1011411111 on the itith, as was expected. His
Majesty's'shipt BLAWRII and Mvastmax, having on
board the remainder of BONAIPARTeII attendants, re.
stain in Torbay, and have been joined by bis Ma-
jest)'s ship Tuttetrs, ROSARIO, and ICARUS
So anxious, say the letters, are the people who
have come here from all parts to see NAPOLEON.
that upwards 'df one hundred boats have been em-
ployed all day going off to the BumutoruoN s they
are not permitted alongside, but go round her; and
as BONAPARTZ IS almost constantly on deck, or in the
quarter-galleries, several who have been off have
eome back highly gratified.

Last night we received the Paris Papers of Sunday,
and this morning those of Monday last. They pr.
sent another instance of the impudence of DnvottaT in

.the style in which he thought 6t to address the French
Army, when it became necessary to order the men

to hoist the white cockade. The sum of his address

when freed from its veil is simply this : We have
always aled ourselves' France,' to the exclusion of
every other class of Frenchmen; but others having
now got thelupper rind, we must feirs submission,
till another opportunity may occur which may enable
us again to hoist the standard of rebellion."

It is impossible to misunderstand the aim of the
army in its affected submission ; but its true character
having been held up to the view of mankind by the

events of the last three monthi, it deceives itself if it
. believes that any regard whatever will be paid to the
empty professions of its leaders.—The French army

to be disbanded : nor will one of the soldiers of the
Allies quit France till this is effected. In dissolving
the army the power of its rulers will be annihilated,
and proper care will, no doubt, be taken, in the for.
matioN of a new one, that no Officer who could teach
men to consider perjury and rebellion as virtues shall
be entrusted with a commission.

; In the organisation of a new army, such troops as
hoe proved their fidelity to his Majesty will probably
form the nucleus; but in collecting new recruits it
Is possible that ntany.of the old 'Mien may be re... 1
ceived into their ranks. In this there is agar
for men without homes, inored only to camps, gar-
risons, battles, robbery, rape, and plunder—all of
which they comprehend under the term French Glory.
*ill never acquire proper habits or sentiments, and
%ill ever be ready to be excited by the smallest spark.
In fact, nothing but a long peace, and the passing
away of pelf a generation, will ever completely
destroy the spirit that has been fostered in the French
military by twentydfive years of unpunished crime—
" Unpunished" did we say ? Rewarded Cringes will be
a more -appropriate expression, if .France is to. retain
her unhallowed plunder of nations !
The Allies, after the experience th•y have so dearly
purchased, cannot be blind to the danger which may
result from the enlistment of the old materials in the
new corps, and no doubt will adopt every precaution
that prudence can suggest to prevent evil frail
flawing out of this source. Indeed, if we are rightly
informed, they have resolved, as a security agailent
the machinations of men who set oaths and ninnies
at defiance, to select three of the strongest fortresses
on the French frontier and to garrison them for some
time with their own troops. The period ought not I°l
be a short one ; nor should these be their only holds.
Sound policy demands that they should hold military.
possession of France for some years. It would, with-
out increasing the espences of the French Govern-
lcssen their own expenditure: for in this respect
it can make no difference to France, whether she pay
a foreign or a French army; and if the Allied troops
be witt.,:rawn from France the respective States must,
for ths it individual security, maintain large armies in
tiles own countries, and, in that e% eat, at their owls
expence.—Would it not be more wise to keep their
Urnties in France, where a military force is necessary,
than in their own countries where comparatively little ,
only is wanted ? 1
The Official Journal (Gazette qiicielle), of Menulay,
tontains a Decree of the Municipality of Patis,
posing an extraordinary contribution on that city'
for the maintenance of the Allied Troops. The
ameunt is nearly ten million of francso-about,seten
millions to be paid by owners of houses and property,,
and the remaining three millions by those having a
personal income only.
The same Paper also contains a Decree to probibit
all applications for promotion in the navy, as well sal
the army, before the Ist July, ; a Decree ap.
pointing new Ministers of the Marine and Colonies;
a Decree disbanding all recruits or conscripts, who'
have joined any corps since the IlOtts of Match. 18)6,
sad all Officers similarly situated;• and a Decree diw'
heading all the free corps, and ordering them to db.

. '

➢;

• . •
petty nnaer pain ofdestb. Them le onside M 5517
the prelude to the generatroduttion.
CODRIBIt ISTRAORDINANY dr MONDAY itimnitnn.

There was yesterday rt Grand 'Levee it Cain.
Lieutenant-General Pernety has arrived at Paris
with the submission of the Army of the Eastern ry-
rennees.

It is still believed that the Treaty between the Al-
lied Sovereigns and the King will quickly appear.
The travelling of couriers is re-established on all the
roads to France.

Several soldiers of the Old Guard have entered
Paris, crying rive le Roi.
By an order of the Prefect of Ile and Vilaine, the
/Ireton Confederation has been dissolved.
PARIS, JULY 24.

There was to-day a grand review of the Imperial
and Royal Guards by the foreign Sovereigns who are
at Paris. It is thought thit it is on this account that
the review of the English troops has been deferred
till to-morrow.

The town of Nimes submitted to the King on the
16th, in spite of the resistance of a regiment of chem.
seurs, who caused much disorder and disturbance.
The white flag was not hoisted at Nantes before
the 19th, on account of the continual marching of
troops, which come by or through that town to the
army of the Loire. These troops had shown much
turbulence and irritation : and for several days bark
the inhabitants did not wish to expose the public
tranquillity.

Every one who for these 15 years had observed
,Bonaparte in his difficult moments, was convinoed
that he wanted that firmness and courage of mind
much more rare and estimable than the courage of a
common soldier in the field of battle. No one forgets
that this great man had completely lost himself on the
18th Brumaire, and when with the army at Marengo,
at Elating, at Leipsic, at Waterloo. Authentic details
of his stay at Rochefort, and' particularly of his con-
duct on board the Bellerophon, shew, even to the
last moment, that this despot, so proud, so severe in
prosperity, is in adversity a low and cowardly being.
In vain have officious friends, in extolling the re-
sources of mind which he affected to enable him to
die independent and free, predicted his conduct be-
fore hand.

It is not Hannibal orThemistocles preferring nobly
I death to slavery : it is Perseus, the last King of
Macedon, humbly asking his life, which induces the
judicious Plutarch to say—" It clearly sheaved that
he had in him other faults more unmanly and vile,
a fault of the heart and fear of dying, by which le
deprived himself of the commiseration which is the
only point that fortune cannot take away front the
afflicted when they have true magnanimity."
Like him, Bonaparte occupied himself above all
things with the means of saving his life. His repeated
supplications to this effect have made his companiins,
blush, and excite in the English a surprise which they
cannot dissemble. He (Bonaparte) had pretended
to draw up a sort of capitulation : they returned his
paper without reading it : be grew pale and wept
bitterly.
The Emperor of Millie, habited in a Prussian
uniform, and accompanied by a numerous and bril-'
limit suite, visited Marshal Blucher on Friday last, in
the Rue de Bourbon. The Emperor remained about
ten minutes, and was received with loud acclama-
tions on going and returning.
To-day the English and Hanoverian army,/0,000
strong, was reviewed at Neuilly.
No Journals had arrived from Bourdeaux yester-
day. On the 17th, this city was still under the.
military government of General Clausel. Quarrels
break out almost every hour between the troops and
inhabitants. TheTheatres bad been shut for three
days. •
The Corps d'Armee of General Lecourbe has been
united to the Army of the Loire,: which will also be
reinforced in a few days by the troops of Marshal
Sachet and General Lamarque.

LA ROCHELLE, JULY IL
Four thousand troops, composing our garrison,
commanded by General Almeras, wore the white
cockade, according to the proclamaticn of the Gene-
ral.—Since Bonaparte embarked on board the Eng-
fish ship, there has been no hostilitron their part.
Two Captains of this nation came here yeste►day to
procure previsions, which were allowed. Tire Ad-
miral caused- to be restored a pinnace taken some
days before the cessation of hostilities.
