.

~~_•. .

1' ..

• SOUTH' AMERICA.
•
The arrival of a vessel from Buenos Ayres,
its to lay betore our Readers the following interest.
ing particulars, extracted from a letter of the `l7th
atf Augint;,teritten by an intelligent add impartial
merchant :
" The political revolution of these provinces gra•
dually assumes a more decided and stable ferns,
which, as far as human foresight can reach, leaves no
doubts whatever with regard to the happy issue.— •
The want of central organization does indeed render
every step less effuctivc, and even sometimes untosv
• tunate ; burnotwithstanding the errors committed by
the chiefs, and the intestine divisions which exist
among many families, in general, the good sense ot-
:the people prevails over circumstances, without di.
mini.liing the primitive ardour to shake off an op.
pressive yoke. It may be asserted, that the dread of
slavery, which among. free nations has always pro.
duced more virtues than even principles derived front,
good iustitutions. as well as the stimulus- of .pahlisl
opinion, which among men frequently supplies tho'
place of virtue, will constantly impel. the people of
Buenos Ayres not only to oppose a most •vigorobs
resistance to all koreign invasion, but also by their
exertions to promote the cause of liberty in the tither
• • sections of this part of the American Continent.
Bence, notwithstanding here they have had to much
to attend to, the projects for liberating Chili:have not
been slackened.
l'he Congress assembled in-Tucuman is anima-
' tad by the best views, and means are not wanting to
realize them, .particularly as far no regards interior
ordtrrAbe Main paint fur the preseist.• The new-Co-
ver:poen'. constituted in . the person of Don Martini
Pujerrdon, as Supreme Director: promises to be both
active and liberal : and above all. as he is now inves.
ted with the character of constitutionality, it will not
be liable to those fluctuations which have hitherto
injured .and debilitated the cause. These prospects
also, it is to be hoped, will give the affairs of the ti-
ter Plate a more favourable aspect in Europe.
4. Qrtierail Artigas is ready to.repel the Portuguese
with his hardy and numerous bands, and it is be.
Sieved that the. invasion of the Brazil army, (it it
should take place,) would be attended with no other
consequences than .to produce to the inhabitants of
• each side of the river political and civil union, which
bad been disturbed by no other cause than an unfor.
tunate series and accumulation of personal animosities,
which always subside at the sight of common danger.
Through the freedom of the press, the people now
understand their own interests, and will not be de-
ceived. hey have also been able to judge the con-
duct of their past leaders.

% '•

6

I -

46 The Poituguese shew themselves at one time in
a threatening, and at others in an inviting attitude;
and although they have succeeded in addleing the
braille of some place-hunters, who expect to outshine
their lellow.citizens with the Caratha of the Order of
Cumr on toeir breasts, the people of these provinces
ate fully sensible that if ever they form part of the
Brazil Kingdom, whether through accession or con-
quest, they can never be any thing else than the
slaves al the emblazoned slaves of the new King
crowned in America, and in search of aggrandize-
ment. They have known too long what it is to be
governed by a Viceroy, unchecked by any laws, and
besides. they heave no security for .the future. They
are also aware that they would be overrun with hot-
gry courtiers, who have follimed the King from
Lisbon, that such would be their rulers and demi-
gods, and you know what the force of antipathy is.
" The spirit of ferment in Chili daily gains ground,
and, according to some accounts; has already assum-
. ed an hostile form. Indeed, the forbearance of the
people of that country has received its last test, for
' the conduct of the Spanish rulers since the unfortu-
nate arrangement with Lima, has uniformly been
calculated to rotate the indignation of that thoughtful
and intrepid people. By this means the temporary
tenure of the agents of Ferdinand eventually serves
o consolidate the patriotic cause, as the people are
enabled to form a contrast, which will guard them
against future delusion. They have had full oppor-
tunities of knowing what capitulations with Spanish
Chiefs are, and they will take good care not to trust
them again.
" In consequence of this tone of feeling prevalent
in Chili, General San Martin, who commands the
Buenos army near the Andes, has lost no time in
forming the most important combinations with the
• Chilenian patriots, in order to complete a grand plan
of operations, and, according to the state of things,
, we are animated by a firm hope- that in Spurns
kwhich, in aninverse ratio with you, begins here in
tober), or at least during the course of Summer,
ili will be perfectly free.
"Pezuela's last victory has been attended with no
other consequences than to undeceive him, and prove
the fruitlessness of his attempt to crush or stifle t
spirit of liberty. The ground is disputed with hist
when he attacks, inch by inch, and
.be can rely an
' nothing that is without the reach of his own fire....
He commands only the places occupied by his sem?.
. At the present moment be is surrounded by the rev°.
lutionaft ffinai in all directions. Seinw, that '
• between Potosi and Jujui, the Baena Ayres army Is
stationed, 5000 men, occupying the :Baia avenue to
Peru. Abcrile, General Arenales has not. only maist .
tained possession of the provinces of Cochabamba
and Santa Cruz, but also incessantly harasses the
. enemy on the side of Chuquisaca and the province of
Cinti, by cutting off his supplies. By this means
Pezuela's soldiers for some days have been compello,
to eat their beasts of burden, the most evident sign',
of pressure that can be given in this country. True
it is, that the country suffers in a most incalculable
manner by this species of warfare ; but. as the South
Americans say, since Europe has taught them that it
' was preferable to burn Moscow rather than lose an
Empire, they also will burn and lay waste their fields
in order to-secure their independence and the blessings
' (4 freedom for themselves and their children."
The following is an extract of a letter from the
Agent for Lloyd's at Buenos Ayres, dated the 26th
August; ,
64 Arrived the Spanish three masted schooner Leon, from the
ltavannah to Cadiz, with a valuable cargo, taken of Cap sr.
v tbe 54th lone, by the Congress privateer, fitted out at
Baltimore outer Patriot odours. The Prim-mamas states, that
the privateer may be daily expected here, with three other ea.
!rabbi Spanbh veauls which she has captured. The Montezuma,
of 14 guns, and toa men, is read, for sty, and will sail mallet
tsir wind es e awn. 1 1.144/1/ed wwudi •Cadil:l.

%

Z *

' .
. . P4lO/fTRI*II4 OCTOBER S.
Ow the ahetnoon of (Saturday last, the specie mi..-
.
on board thetake Champlain steamboat. amount-
ing to upward! of 14,000 dollars, arrived at his Ma-
esty's.cash office here, ender the escort of the 19th
light dragoons, from Si. John's.
At length we have authentic accounts relating, to
the expedition .of Lord Selkirk.; they are very rm.
portant, as many expavedetailthave been published,
his taking Fort William by Illt01111; making all the
partners of the North West Company prisoners, Sce•
but the cause of the expedition has *ever been ,ex-
plained. The Canadian &wow puts it in a very
clear point of view :—Mr. Robert Semple; .the Go-
vernor-General for the Hudson's Bay Company on
the Red River, towards the close of the year 1815,
took_ possession of two establishments belonging to
the North West Company which had obtruded them
selves on the territory.of the Hudson's Bay Company.
The North-west traders then altered their route, going
into the Upper Country by circuitous ways,ly which
much delay took place; and in order to try Mr.
Semple, they sent two cart loads of provisions by.the
former track in June last, with a guard of thy Men.
The advancev twenty-two of the number, fell in with
one .of . the natives, whom they took forward with
them to prevent discovery. The rear-guard pissed
within four miles of the settlement ; they were per-
ceived by the Governor, and were attacked by a
party from the garrison, consisting of about Thirty
soldiers. An engagement took place, stated on the
19th of June. Mr. Semple and twenty-ane of his
men were.killird ; . the rest of his forces returned de-
-1 eated. to the fort. It is on ibis account that the ex-
pedition of Lord Selkirk was undertaken. The man-
ner of Lord Selkirk's conducting the expedition we
do not justify, nor indeed can we form any opinion
on the subject without further authentic details: it is,
however, but justice to say that the Hudson's Bay
Company have rights, and are a chartered company.
The North west traders, though we believe s most
respectable body, are only an association of merchants.

The Qwkc Gasetee of the loth states that the bar-
vest in the Upper Provinces bad been got ia, the
quality of the wheat good, the crop abundant. The,
parishes below Quebec had suffered from the weather,
the crops deficient in quality, having been taken in
while green. The, weather had set in very cold,
with anew.

GERMAN' PIPERS.
