THE EVENLNG STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY. MAY 2. 1829
PRICK OP STOCKS AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock • I India Sands 46 7

3 per Cent. Red. 864 g I South Sea Stock
3 per Ct. Cons. 1164 i 7g Old Annuitiem 16f
31 per Cent. 1618. .11000 Bache,. Mb 57 II 7
14 per Cent. Red. 951 g i g IWO Ditto 57 5 7
4 per Ct. New, 1014 14 $ .11011 and MOO Ditto 57 9 9
4 per Cent 113u6, 102 i g g Commercial
lonic Allll. 191 3-16 lndia for Acct.
India Stock 217 II Consuls for Aect $6l 7i' i
FtIItKION FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brazilian Mi. 5 p Lt. Porteg. Eds. Sp C.
•
Do Am/ p • • Do Acct. 451 I I
Won 'lna n I lit% 6 per Ct. Prom. Bonds, 162145pCt. 104 k
Do. lionds,lnue, 1.14 Rum. 8d5.11122. 5 p Ct. 9S*
I) aim', 11.1.. 3 pet. 644 S Fr. Rentes. 5p C. 1071
Mez. 8da,1825, 6p Ct. lltoi Exchange ILSE 506
BRITISH AND FOKSION SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK.

MARL . PAID.
Brazilian 35 10 75
:014.1111,1an 100 30 Sk
Mexican 100 19 1
United Nlezlean 40 SP& 91 1
Provincial Bank of Ireland 100 45 911 i

The gloom which bas prevailed over the Money
Market during the whole of the week has but a slight
degree been dissipated: still distress seems to prevail,
and it is thought that a further decline must take place
shortly. This opinion is founded on the fact of a de-
creasingßevenue.arising from the stagnation of all busi-
ness, and on the expectation that the CaAlleaLLOa of the
EXCHasnalt cannot avoid funding a certain pint of the
Unfunded Debt, for the double purpose of getting rid
of so inconvenient and dangerous an incumbrance, and
enabling him, in the event of a further decline in the
Revenue at the close of the year, or the necessity of an
increased Expenditure before Parliament re-assembles,
to have recourse again to the expedient of issuing Ex-
chequer Bills to supply the deficiency.
But we trust that bis Majesty's Ministers will set
seriously to work to devise and carry Rao effect some
decided plan of Finance, which will not be a mere
system of shifts and expedients. The difficulty must
be met boldly, and the sooner it is done the less danger
there will be in attempting it, and the mere chance of
triumphing over difficulties. Taxation must be re-
duced, to enable as to compete with other nations; and
that kaanot be done without some means being hit upon
by which the National Debt may be considerably re-
diced. This, we apprehend, can only be effected by'
a general sacrifice being made of a certain proportion
of all property; and however a Property Tax might to
certain extent effect the object, we believe that nothing
really effectual towards the salvation of the country
and every interest in it, but a sacrifice of a part of the
principal, can be adopted.

It will be observed that the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
citations gave notice last night of a motion for refer-
ring to a Committee of the whole Horne, on Friday
next, the consideration of all thl laws relating to the
Sinking Fund. We presume he will then make his ge-
neral expose of the financial circumstance, of the noun-
tiy, and give a rough outline of the intentions of Go-
, vernment on this important branch of public affairs.
If the Sinking Fund is re.,lly to be limited to the
amount of the actual boss fide surplus Revenue, we ap-
prehend, as we before stated, that it will expire by a
natural death, and not occasion the convulsion which
the abolition of a Sinking Fund would at any other time
have occasioned. The minds of all men seem to be
reconciled to great changes, and to view them with an
extraordinary degree of apathy and indeffertnace.

The Paris Papers of Wednesday, and the Gazette de
France dated Thursday last, reached •s last night.—
Hostilities between the Russians and Turks have ahead,
commenced, and most important events may be imme-
diately expected.

The dissolution of the Chambers, and probably of the
French Ministry, is mach spoken of in these Papers.—
A proposition, which was made by a Deputy in a Se-
cret Committee, that half the arrears due to the Mem-
bers of the Legion of Honour, prior t 0.1820, was Nega-
tived by a very small majority, though vehemently
opposed by the Minister of Finance.

Fames Purses—Pomp, Aran. 19—Fite per Cents. 107 f. tie.
40e. 35e.—Three per Cents. 711 L iic. itte.— Bank Stock, 1,1116 W.—
Na plea Stock, t6L 45e.—Royal Spanish Loan, Sof. —.Hayden Loan
4toL—Eschanle an London, one month, 40e.—Thros anosiths,.
(paper), 25L tie. Money, 1k 10.—Clora Atikaitirse.

The Algenuthie Zeitteag of the 25th April. has reached
us this morning, from which we make the following
extract:

The Cmirrier de Sasyrne of the lith of March gives the following
news front a letter dated frosts Canes, in the island of
February 26, which nicotine actions tier bad taken place in the
course of that mont► between the Greeks and the Turks. After
one of them, which occurred near Malaxs. the Turks sent into the
town two pair of colours, SOO Greek women and children, whom
they made slaves, 4,000 bead of esule,a Greek Captain, and rime
prisoners.
" It is believed." adds the Journal. 6' that Mestapbs.Packa will
soon assemble all his troops and Undertake a regular expedition against
the revoked provinces. Thus, then, the civil war Is renewed in that
Unhappy Masa. the Turks and Greeks gala murdering sach other
daily; women and children are dragged lute slavery (rem the. midst
of a population which, to avoid panishlog with famine, has Sad from
the mountains which are covered wit► snow into the plain, sod all
this to realise the tireamof tht,Presideot of Greece, who in his
'asshidss Formes the illusive image of as exteaskve.and powerful
Suite. Was it fee this that a Treaty of Meanies was signed a

'ear and a Lail ? nag 'Treaty iitnouncQ that it was Intended
ca pat an end to the shedding of blood ; yet blood does not cease
to flow under the eyes and through the eoensunds cor Um Mk°
was appointed to carry into Wets the boorlicesit intentions of
the Powers. Is not the philantbropy.of &sop* cruelly deceived,
since from the battle of Nevins to the seems of bidedabed
in Caodia we ate only mute at which humanity must weep?—
We must not blame the Cabinets for this, who sincerely will►
to relieve the misery of the nnfortuoste people, bat rather what
is called public opinion ; because It is met with in some Journals,
which declaim wit► vehemence, and has ventured to require that
the Greels'should be allowed to commit the excesses from which
it was intended to protect them—an opinion the madness of which
Is Dow to be found only In those Journals, but the influence of,
whicisis still felt. Per these two years past the Powers have
been gaming themselves in comma to restore peace in the Levant.

-I'be French were sent to the Mona, *here their numbers were
reduced by sickness; an immense sum of mosey was lavished.—
France and England thaintain lIIMINIMIS fleets ; subsidies are gives
to the Greeks. The object of all this we, and is, peace and orp-
Medea. But what is the sae made of k ? is Candle the revolts.
ties which was extinguished isisflamed anew ; in Livadia an stuck
is made by what is called an army, and the province is ravaged, to
compel it to revolt, and the Greek poodaties harassed, which to
mains quiet in spite of all these proceedings, and calk fat dm aid el
the Turks against the excesses of the Pithead. 'fie complies the pi►
tore, we must add, that the disinterested sacrifice of this medial*
Issel had no real influence en the Greek Governasest. as the Peal
alimtevidently acts contrary to the views of the Allied Powers,
endeavours to draw them beyond the leo which they have drawn,
nod considers the declaration of 11th Nov. as an important reek.
ties, from which be can appeal to the Russian arms. However
ankwaly the Cabinets affirm is public documents that they desire
poste, kite President make Mar and spreads it as tar as is in his
power. The two Powers separate (rum Russia as mouse the latter
esammis its rights as a belligerent in the Archipelago. The Wei-
dm seises the moment to connect himself mute intimately with
Russia ,ca uses his sr inters to aid the Russian fieet,to detain and search
all neutral vesicle, and subjects them to a simmered tribunal, till the
Commander of a squadron resolves to overthrow, uses for all, that
system of organised piracy ; and,in executing this noble sada-taking,
gains the approbation of the merchants, and of all those who know
that the assertioa of principles is escudo,* to the maintenance of
society. Thus England and France,' in return for all that they
do for Greece, have not eves the satisfactiwo of seeing that the
President has adopted, or even regarded, any one of these resolo
dons. Far from following them. be hopes to oblige them to follow
his. His intention is, to augment Greece with all the coma
tries in which there may be a revolted Greek, and to cause k
to be repeated by his usual ermine, that • there mho the
petard people languish in slavery and long for deliveraoce. • Bet
wises shall these disorders cease t •Whes shall the Greek twee
lodes cod Such are the questions asked by numerous families
of ChrillallS in the Levant, sad will doubtless be asked la
Europe by those who clearly see that this state of things is incest.
Foible with their tranquillity. The Mores and the Cyclades offer
a secure asylum to every Greek who desire to withdraw from the
Ottoman Government, and live under the-laws of a Government
professing their own Religion. The uscultivated soil of the Patio
solo requires industrieue bands; whoever goes thither with the
intention of leading an industrious life will hod a livellksed.
Is it we mare just end natural to say to the dieceoffinied
Greeks le the domialoos of the Sultan. s The Horn will receive
you,' than to revolutionise and depopulate every place where the
most insignificant calls oat for Überty, of which he bears the name
without understanding the meaning ? That such is the design of
the President, is proved sot only by all the public acts of his

vernment relative to foreign 'countries, but by Wilda papers of
Baron Von Beyneek, which were (oast on board the Greek cor-
vette captured at Saltines. His intentions are clear—be dodger war
lin the Bast at the risk of engaging all Europe in k, dll the empire
of the East Is re-established for him, 'busies its restaratiuo might
contribute very little to the happiness and prosperity 'of the
Greeks, as ii would lay a burden sin 'best which they could not
bear. but which seems to be much desired by their( bid, whoa,
sleep has been fur sums time disturbed by she sovereign power
assumed by Bobvar."

The writer then proceeds to argue, shit the President bore to
prosecute his plans unobserved, while genrral attention is drawn to
tin occurrence.s on the Dauube ; that be will accept what France
and England may give, without regarding the coodi-iuns or caring
about restoring peace between the Greeks and Turks, and that is
clearly proved by the endeavours be is making to revi.e the insur-
rection in Candia.—AlgemeMe Seining, Apr* 25.

CITY. Tvert.ve o'CLocc.
Consols opened this morning at Alf i fat the Account. .with little
doing at present.
CITY. HALF-PAST ON R O'CLOCK.

amok have taken a start, as they are now at fur the Ac-
count, eaubed by some large purchase. having be-ii cifccted. Cow
soh may be quoted at 87i to k. and for Money u 7.
In the Foreign market very Buie is &nig, but Russian and
Danish 'neuritic' we rather better than yesterday.
Letters received from Holland bring a very curious account of
the new and awfel system of warfare n bleb the Turks are about a
adopt in the musing campaign. Orders have been given to the
Turkish Commanders that on the approach of the Russians to a
town, to dig up the church-yards,: and carry the dead bustles tote
the houses—tbe inhabitants ate Instantly to leave the towns.—
Should the Russians take possession et these places, a pestilence will
' immediately assail them.

We have two arrivals from Bombay. bet they are of old dim.
Jamaica Papers have been received to the hoth Math, throe
days later than the last accounts.

►wN TUN SAMAICA COURANT o► RIAILCU
By en Repress from the North side of the island, wellies re-
ceived the following interesting intelligence:
A serious misunderstanding has taken place between the Nagle.

trues of the large and ardent parish of Trelawny sod the acting
Attorney General, Hone Jamas, Req. in consequence el' hie at
tempting' to execute a second Commission• of Inquiry upon the
conduct of Wu. Maass, the antess.house Rotulorum of that
pariah, sad others ache Idaghtracy of that parish, his associates.—
dome time last year a Commission from the Colonial Mice,
directed to Chief Justice Scaasarr and the Attorney General, was
executed at Falmouth Trelawny upon the same case, namely, the
complain: made by a person of the name of Basaasctu, against the
Magistrates, for allegedipartiality and violation of the Sire Law.
The Report of the Commissioners was, it Is understood, carried tell
England by the Colonial Chief Juatlce,W. A. ficem.srr. being also
on the Commission. It appears that the Colonial °dice was not
satisfied with the Report. and instituted another Comoti.dem,
directed to the Attorney General (until his Illareaves pleasure be
known). Hato June attempted to mane it at Falmouth Tee..
lawny, when a degree•of angry feeling was displayed, hitherto un•
known in the Island. The Magistracy, to a man, declared, rather
than ambush to the re-iterated hawk of having their chanctera im-
peached by a tribunal unknown t. the Constitution of the country,
they woold. one and all, throw up their Commissions. The result
has been. that the Magistrate, have solemnly refused to recognise
the new Consenhalen, and the ezdted Indignation of aU clement
the inhabitants against this attempt la stronger than ever before
witnessed.

PROCLAMATION OF SIMON BOLIVAR.
Cessidering that the iessneetion, beaded ty Waal Oustams,
has disturbed the public pee, is the dread a PoloYan and the
previDee of Paste,

Demme. .
ARTICLE 1. grant pardon to all these persona who have he..
engaged in the insurrection, headed by Wooed Osamu, provided
they come forward, within tweet days fruit% this date, and de•
elate, upon sub, their faithful to the Government e/
the RePehNe, era bevies depeeked their alms is the bands of the
Atithorkies.--The above decree consists of weep articles, but the
above one is the moot isaportant.—Head Qu4rten, repayan,
16, 1529.
•
Our City correspaeidepthit" it is oadetspod
his Majesty!. 41p MMus, which sailed frost tM the.
94th alt. took out dispatches to Doe Num, gluinghies theepd,
either VD mate to take the own of l& morn.
pulse; but the well informed believe that Dim Nsnout wdl cool
to an amicable settlement, and marry the yssog Qum "

,-

--t7:=COURT CIRCULAR
of Terterilay. the Duke UMBILIILAvD viuiteJ t e
Minh

Mr. NAIL the architect, submitted mane plus for the new
Palace, St. James's Park. sad took his Moresees consasandinpus
them yesterday.
His klaseser entertained a select party to dinner yesterday.
The Duchess of Sosta %IMAM and the Princess Sop■ia•MA_
:gum were present at the Drawing.romn on Thar-day. The
Duchess of San Winans was presented by the Duchess of
CLAUSICIL Lady Lows, the Lady of Sir Human Lowe, was ;Aso
present, as was Admiral Leas, who was presented by Viscount
Mm.vu.te, on his returning from abroad.
The Puke of 01111111111.A1M, as Colonel of the Royal Horse
Guards, was the Gold Stick in Waiting na the./Lusa at the Levee
and Drawing-roost.
Thursday the Duke of Cousestrwo dined with the Marquis
Coirriteram, to celebrate the King's Birth-day, with a numerous

'Party.
The Decline et CLAIMICR sad the Duchess of Las Wenees

came to town from Busby Park on Thursday nivrnini. After the
Drawing-room, the two Duchesses visited the Princess AVOUITA,
and then returned to Busby Park.
Yesterday morning the Duke of CONIiILAKB, the Princess At.
ourra, the Duke and Dockets of GLoucesees, and the Prillet.s
SOPHIA NATUSA were admi ted to a private view of the eus.t•
hition the Royal Academy, Somereet-place, pcevi.ous to it,
being opened to the public. The Royal party were received by
Sir Titouras Lewistown, the President, and the otb-r Officers of
that establishment, who conducted their Royal Highnesses diroestt
the different rooms.

The Russian Ambsendor and French Charge d'Affaires were
occupied. during a considerable portion of the afternoon. yenta. the
Duke of Waturioson and the Karl of A st the Foreign
Office.
IDimatches were sent of by an Italian messenger on Thursday
evening frost the Colonial Mrx. for the Lord nigh Conni.rionar
of the lonian Islands•i and from Me Admiralty. for Sir P. Mat...
mut. the Commander of the Naval force in the eiediterratwan.
The Sardinian Minister transistor!' business yesterday at the
Treasury.
• THE ARMY. •

General Lord HILL, Commanding in Chief. held a Levee yam.
day, at his Office in the Hone Guards, which was attended by
General Gaweyne, Y.P. Lieutenant General Drat,. Lieutenant
General Guard. Mr. Justice Johnson, Major General 'raying,
General Pine Colin. Lord ilotham, Major General the Colin
Campbell, K.C.B. Colonel Prinsle, Colonel Grenville, Colonel.
Carey, and shout twenty other Mfrs.

Monday. the 6th Enniskillen Dragoons leave Nottingham for
Ireland. and are to be replaced by the 9th Lancers.
His Mainers' bas been pkasad to authorise the assembling fey
permanent duty. the following corps of Yeomanry Cavalry—The
Sherwood Rangers. at Newark; the South Nottinibanishire, at
Nottingham; and the Leicestershire. at Leicester.
