THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS.

It is with much pleasure that we have witnessed the philanthropic
labours of this peaceful body for the melioration of suffering hu-
manity. Their exertions in behalf of an important change in the
sanguinary complexion of our criminal law have been invaluable,
and we trust that ultimate success will be theit reward. We are
still further rejoiced to behold them labouring in behalf of the in.
jured sons of captivity. We have now lying before us a copy of
' The Epistle from the Yearly Meeting held in London, by ad.
'outmode frees the 19th of the WA month, to the 28th of the same
inclusive, 1830, to the Quarterly and Monthly Meetings of
Friends in Great Britain, Ireland, and elsesohere." After sonic
general remarks on the harmony and love which • have pre.
veiled in their deliberations, and a brief allusion to the sepals.
tion in America, the " sufferings" of Friends 'are reported as
follow

Reports of the =tering' of our members, which amount, in.
eluding the costs and charges of distraint, to upwards of fourteen
thousand six hundred pounds, and are almost exclusively for ec-
clesiastical demands, have been read in this meeting. We re-
newedly desire that our ancient and well-known testimony on
behalf of a free Gospel ministry, and against all the demands
made upon us to uphold a system from which we conscientiously.
dissent, may be maintained with Christian consistency, and in the
spirit of meekness.
It is much to be wished that the genuine spirit of religious
liberty might be so far extended as to render a paragraph like
the above no longer a feature in each 'early epistle. The docu-
cument next enters at considerable length into doctrinal and pm.
tical exhortation, which we shall pw over to notice one interesting
portion of it, which is more strictly in accordance with the columns
of a newspaper. The Epistle observes :
In this meeting we have been deeply affected in reflecting upon
the numerous evils and the great misery which attend the improper
and immoderate use of ardent spirits, now lamentably prevalent in
this country. The continuance of slavery in the British Colonies;
and of the slave trade under foreign Governments, has impressed us'
with deep and renewed sorrow. We have also earnestly desired,
that our Legislature may proceed in mitigating the severity of tine
criminal code of our beloved country, and thus snake its laws moru
comfort:table to the spirit of the Christian religion. We would en:
courage our members individually to take part with their fellow.
countrymen in the efforts which are now making for the removal ,
these evils ; we desire that they may act with energy and pew-
rance, yet with that love an respect towards all men, and
especially towards our rulers, which become our profession as C
fans. At the same time we feel as affectionate • that
