SIALDON ELECTION-SECOND DAY.

The whole of yesterday, from the commencement of
the poll at Maldon, till the close, was a scene of much
bustle among the ftiends'of the respective Candidates.
To-morrow, being market day, is supposed will bring
up the unpolled freemen, and settle the contest. At the
close of the poll yesterday, the numbers were—
For George Wina, Esq.
T. B.
Disc Esq.
Quintin k, Est

864
794
577

The right of election at Maldon is in all the freemen,
without exception ; and there is a singular custom in
that town, which is, that when a man dies intestate, his

Lands and tenements descend to his youngest son ;
if he dies without issue, to his youngest brother. 11,,
custom is termed Borough English, and Is said CO hart
arisen from the lewdness and tyranny of the anclel,:
feudal Lords, who, when any of those who held unck
them married, claimed the first night with the bride. As
some doubt, therefore, naturally arose, whether the fir.:
born child was legitimate, this custom was established
to exclude such child from the inheritance, and iLt
youngest was preferred, as being the remotest from the
suspicion.

A RUM:OIL—The election is fixed for this day.
Asusuanon—Mr. &urges Bourne (in the room of the Attnrite.
General) and Sir Lawrence Palk, will be returned without opp;
sition.

Bosuns— Mr. Headrest. and Mr. Malaria% are considered to
have completely secured their seats; bit Mr. Wilks is expecte.,
The Orange and Pink Parties display very handsome banners, pat,
ticularly the former.
Bettmcwavan—Mr. Douglas having withdrawn himself 3 •
candidate for Bridgewater, Sir Colin Campbell has started fur it,.;
borough. The election commences to-day.
Baisret.—The interest of Mr. Protheroe appears to increase.
MAIM: K.—The election was fixed for yesterday. The same
Memi)ers will be again nominated, the Hon. Mr. Calthorpe, on
the interest of his brother, Lord Calthorpe, and Mr. Irving 01
that of the Duke of Rutland.

CA M 1141006 UNIVERSITY-Mr. Cioulburn remains firm in his is.
tention of presenting himself at the Poll on Tuesday next:
Cuscnrsexa—To-day is fixed for the commencement of the City
Election.

CnirraNnax—Mr. Grosset having declined the contest for C.is
borough, there will be no further opposition to the two ropt:;‘:
candidates, Messrs. Gye and Maitland.
CoatavaLt—The Sir Francis Drake steam packet is engaged to
convey voters for Sir K. Vivian from Plymouth, to thopoll a: Lost.
withiel ; and ten stage coaches, with 100 horses, to furnish 'clays u
every stage, are to he provided by Mr. Clench, proprietor of the
New London Inn, Exeter, for the same purpose.
DENBlOK—Vigorous preparations continue to be made in thett
boroughs (Denbigh, Ruthin, and Holt) for the approaching contra,
which is likely to be one of the most severe, as it is in its character
one of the most singular, in the annals of electioneering. V.
sums have already been expended on both sides. The writ is ea.
petted to arrive by to.muerow's post, and the election will prw
bably open, for it will be contested to the last extremity, on the
Monday or Tuesday following. The discussion respecting the alleged
minority of Mr. Biddulph, one of the calididates, will not be the
least curious feature in this election. It is asserted on the one
part, that he will want some three or foor days of completing bts
minority on the latest possible day on which the election can tape
place; while it is contended on the other, that he will have fully
attaied his majority on that day. Evidence will no doubt he ten-
dered on each side; and if the lawyers (of whom there are three
engaged on the Biddulph side, at 3001. each) only manage to speak
cleverly against rinse, the two or three days may thus be gained,;:
they be really wanting.
DUBIN—Our former Member of Parliament for this Boroug,a,
FL F. C. Cavendish, Esq. and Samuel Crompton, Esq. the new
Candidate, have commenced their canvass of the electors, atcusi-
panied by a most respectable party of their friends. Huth rile
Candidates were everywhere received in the most cordial manner.
Drrowsneit—Our county election is fixed for the 15th imtant,
when Mr. Bastard and Sir T. D. A eland will walk over the course.

DURHAM, COUNIT •ND Carr—Our election is fixed for l•ridAy
next (to-day.) John Griffiths, Esq. Deputy Sheriff, proclaimed
the writ for the county election, which be gave notice would take
place on Thursday, the 15th instant. it is generally understood
that both elections will be quietly got over, though a report is very
prevalent to-day that a distinguished individual in Northumberlool
would cause a third candidate to be put in nomination for the
county.
Extrza—At Exeter Mr. Buck, Sheriff of the county, and Mr.
Kekewick will be elected on Saturday for that loyal borough.
Gtoucareart.—The election commences on Friday next, when
the late Members, IL B. Cooper, Esq.:and Colonel Webb, will
again be put in nomination. Front the anxious efforts that have
been made by many of the freemen to induce John Philpotts, Esq.
to come forward as a candidate for the representation of the city,
it is supposed that Gentleman will also be nominated ; in which
case it is certain that Captain Berkeley will likewise he proposed.
GMANTHAIL.•-• Mr. Balward,Caets the to/yaw of Lord Watt-Mow,
has again offered himself for Griming/M. • •
lizatroao Crrr.-4The election Waged to commence on Tue
day next, when the contest promisys, to be a " combat of giants.
The candidates are the late. representative; Lord Esstnor, R.
Blakemore, Esq. and E.. 8. CUve, Esq.
HULL.—Mr. Mitchell declines offering himself again for this
town. Mr. Sykes has expressed his determination not to offer him-
self as a candidate for this borough. •
Inwsen—The enthusiastic reception of Mackinnon and Dundee,
the Candidates in the True Blue Interest at Ipswich, on TuesiLly
last, must have been mast gratifying to their feelings ; and, no
doubt, convinced the inhabitants that the -hour of triumph is 3t
hand, when they will again be represeted by that party whose prin-
ciples are favourable to the welfare of our Constitution and the
glorious cause of Protestant ascendancy. Never was such an im-
posing display of zeal and loyalty seen, as that which presented itself
on this occasion. After proceeding through the town, Messrs.
Mackinnon and Dundas respectively addressed the numerous as-
sembly in their interest from a balcony, on the Comhill, and their
appearance was again greeted with the utmost enthusiasm. On the
following day the Candidates proceeded on their canvass, and met
with the most gratifying somas.
Lucent).—The election's proceeding at Lincoln with the great-
est activity, under the expectation of the presence of T. G. Corbett,
Esq. of Eisham Hall, near Brigg, who being the third man, is not us-
likely to occasion much labour to his opponents to make their cue
secure.—Colonel Sibthorpe and Mr. Fazakerly have been unrest
ing in their endeavours.—Mr. Corbett made his entry on Monday.
supported by some of the most respectable country gentlemen+.
Leominerza.—This place. which was threatened with a dearth
of candidates, owing to the .resignation of Sir J. B. Lubbock, has
become the scene of renewed activity. Five candidates have ap-
peared in the field, viz.—Lord Hotham, T. Wish, Rowland
Stephenson, Esq. banker, of London, on Sir J. Lubbock's interest,
F. Cuthbert, Esq. of 30, Grosvenor-square, and S. It. Guinness,
Esq. barrister at law, recommended by Sir W. Fairlie, the late
member. The election commences on Monday next.
Livaarow..—Me. Williams has declined to avail himself of the
request of the freemen to offer himself as a candidate; but qtr.
Green, the auctioneer, has gone upon the hunt for another earl
date. We are sure to have an opposition, but it will be contemp-
tible, and will merely protract the poll. The opposition of the
mechanics is directed against Mr. Huskisson alone. Gaecoyae
their favourite ; but the friends of the General are alarmed, lees
the opposition of their allies should rouse the friends of Mr. Ma-
nsion into activity, and induce them to nominate, in self-defence.
on the day of election, a second candidate. In that case, the I;-
verpool election will become one of the most interesting in a:

•
kingdom.
.Deltai...We are now looking forward to another contest for dui
borough. 'The Marquis of Titchheid has announced his"
to retire from the representation, on account of ill-health.
WiWam Bentinck, Sir William Brown Follies, and Colonel
pole are the candidates.
.LooLow—This place will be contested, Mr. Lechmere .
having announced himself as a Candidate.
Mainrrons—The election for the town of Maidstone is fixed
Monday next. Wyndham Lewis, late M.P. for
in this town on Monday, in copeetience of having
quisition numerously signed by the freemen resident in .
and also by those resident in London. In the course of the .
big, Mr. Lewis addressed the electors from the windows of
Bell Inn, and stated that be proposed paying his personal rem
the electors on Tuesoy. We are authorized to say. that Mr.
has expressed a axed determination to persevere in the -
the bra, should he meet with a favourable reception from
tors on his canvass.—Meisfstene Granite.

Nxwaftc—H. Willoughby, Esq. et,Apeley House, has
his intention to the inhabitants of Newt*, of again offering
self as a candidate to represent them in Parliament; and ti
Gentleman will, we are told, most certainly offer himself.
NOTTLIIOIIIIAM, Juts 7.--Monday afternoon, about three
Mr. Birch arrived in his carriage at the Lion Hotel, and we'
ceived with three cbeers. Lord Ranclife and some ether
were there to receive him. No public canvass has been -
but Mr. Birch has paid his respects to a nuMber of
and Lord liana& is almost constantly driving about the .
his currirle and pair of greys. At present it is net positively
whether there will bean opposidect cor not.
Puratotern.—The late Members for this Borough have .
Sir William Congreve came into the town on Sunday from •
accompanied by Lady Congreve. The next day Sir Tawas
Martin arrived, and immediately proceeded to pay his pert
•pets to the Freemen. His Majesty's writ for the election
Mrmbers to serve in the ensuing Parliament came down on
lay. The election is fixed for Friday next ; and as there wi'•l
opposition, the old Mcmbcrs will pf Catkin be re•elccted.

ced his istentina
11-health. Lod
id Colonel W
chmere Chark
stone is bled fu
Cardiff, arrived
ng received are
et in Maidato
arse of the ev
windanvs of s
!nenal respettst
y. that Mr. Le*
in the contest t
ion from the dcc
ruse, has signified
sin offeting ;..
EMU; and A (o.:i
himself.
out three o'clw:
mei, and r
Maw other Erie
Ken comment
of his old friend
bout the strretii
positiVei knee
ugh have arrive.
sandal, from ife'n
/ Sir Memo
sy his personals
r the election
le down on Sfec
as there will
re.ckcted.

Pt:ninon—The election for Plympton takes place on Saturday.
J. H. North, and W. G. Partin, Esqrs. will be re-elected.
PONTIIIMACT—Monday, Mr. Hinehlswortb, Mr. Hardy,and Mr.
Starlit, candidates for this borough, meted the town; the election
comMences this day.
reams, Just 7.—The election is fixed for Friday next. There
is now almost a certainty that there will be no adbition to the
number of candidates. Thus then they stand. Stanley (sure of his
election ; Contact, (if there be any faith in Elector's promises),
sure too ; Wood very nearly sure. Last evening Mr. Stanley
made his entry into this town. The Committee made the most
amp!e preparations to ensure him a brilliant reception. The bells
began merrily to peal. The streets were crowded to excess, and
the windows and tops of houses were graced with beautiful forms,
the boast of Preston.
SHUR EliAM.—The approaching election at Shoreham has assumed,
within the last week, an appearance which promises a severe contest
between Mr. Sugden and Mr. Howard ; the former Gentleman
being a Candidate in the Protestant intereit,the latter in the Catholic.
Someesersniec—The Sheriff has named the 19th instant for the
commencement of this election. The Candidates are, Sir Thomas
Lethbridge and Mr. Dickinson, the former Members; and Mr.
I lenry 11,.nt. The old Members have again addressed the county,
...ring their intention to appeal to the County, should a contest be
required. Mr. Hunt also declares that he will go to the poll, should
tee chew of hand., which he confidently expects will be in his
favour, be disputed; hut this threatened opposition creates not the
least extra bustle, with the " regular" Candidates and their parti-
sans. Indeed everything proceeds so tranquilly—varied only by
the good humoured visits from town to town of Mr. Hunt on the
market d a y s—th at if those " fragments of history;' the Newspapers,
and the Sheriff's Proclamation, were not to announce the fact, we
itheuld hardly know that a General Election is in progress. If
Mr. Gore Langton should start, as it is said that he will, the general
opinion is, that Sir Thomas Lethbridge will be thrown out.
Susanne.—We have now four candidates. Mr. Walrond, our
third man, made his public entry on Tuesday morning. A report
that the " meal and the malt" had been sent before him was gene.
rally and industriously circulated. " Ten thousand pounds (said a
Ovate letter) has been paid into the bank at Sudbury to begin
with, and Alr.Walrond will bring a further supply in his carriage."
This most cheering intelligence had a considerable effect, but after
a:! a very poor muster took place. Mr. Walrond is a very young
man, and evidently quite inexperienced in election tactics : he had
not connected even half a dozen sentences to deliver as a speech,
sad being closely questioned publicly by an elector on the Catholic
question, which he answered evasively, he became much embar-
rassed. If he has ten thousand pounds in the bank, and a further
supply in his carriage, he has reasons more powerful than
eloquence, or other talents, why be should be supported.—
He will suffer for want of management, as his principal supporter
is a perfect old woman in these matters. Nothing but the judicious
expenditure of a larger sum of money can secure his election, and
appearances at present are much against the judgment of his parti-
Nina. A very gentlemanly man, said to be a barrister, a Mr. Ogilvy,
made his appearance on Tuesday morning ; he is totally unknown
here; lie made a long and very eloquent address to the electors*,
assembled at the Bear Inn, at five °clock on Tuesday evening.—
lie concluded by stating that he should not canvass from house to
house, but if any respectable person would take hint by the band,
onkl any prie.pect of success offered itself, be would fight the battle
manfully. In an address this morning, be has declared his intro-
Lon of proceeding on his canvass, and standing the poll till the last
moment. Mr. Wilke is expected to make public entry on Thursday.
SUSICI. The election for this county is fixed to take place at
Chichester on Thursday, the 15th inst. when we suppose Messrs.
Burrell and Curteis will be returned without opposition.
Tv/mom—The election is fixed for Saturday next. The old
]embers, Lord Ebrington, and J. P. Grant, Esq. will keep
their seats.

Toemass.—Tbe election is fixed for Monday next. The candi
dates are Mr. Courtney, one of the old Members, Lord Viscount
Ihruard, and Mr. Baldwin—Mr. Bent retires. The voters for
Una. borough are fifty-five in number.
YORIUHIR4—On Tuesday morning the five candidates for the
representation of the county, whohad all arrived in Leeds the pre-
vious evening, repaired to the Cloth-halls, attended by their respee-
the friends. Lord Milton and Mr. Marshall proceeded from their
committee-room at Scarborough's Hotel, accompanied by a large
procession of merchants, manufacturers, and other gentlemen of
the town and neighbourhood, wearing orange favours. They
reached the Mixed Cloth•hall about a quarter to nine o'clock, and
walked through its streets, where the clothiers were mammal at
their respective-benches, and where they met with a very cordial
reception. They then adjourned to the steps In the spacious area,
where several thousand persons were already assembled.
Lord hlwrou presented himself, and was most cordially ieceived
I,y the meeting; amounting now to 15,000 or tO,OOO persons, and
in which scarcely any but orange favours were visible. He then
addressed the nteeting•at great length, and declared the principles
oit which he solicited their support on behalf of himself and Mr.
Marshall. as We stand before you," said his Lordship,'* on the
broad principle of the love of liberty. (Cheers). The love of liberty
is the principh on which I first offered myself as your representa-
tive, and by which I have on all occasions been guided." His Lord-
stip then said he was an advocate for freedom of conscience and of

Mr. MARSHALL then stept forward, and was received with
cheers. " Gentlemen," said he, "I offer myself to your notice
a- a candidate to represent you in Parliament, on those prin-
ciples of liberty which our noble Representative has so well ex-
pressed and so constantly acted upon—those principles. which I am
sure the great majority of us approve, and which have the appro-
bation of my Noble Friend, whose disinterested conduct has dune so
much honour both to himself and to the country at large. (Cheers).
Gentlemen, you all recollect that when the corrupt borough• of
(rampound was disenfranchised. and two additional Members
were given to this county, it was first intended to have given them
• to the mercantile town of Leeds—(Hear,hear).—Gentletnen, if we
had had the representatives given to us, should we have done other
than chosen commercial men to watch over our rights and our
interests ?—(Bear, bear).--•And when the representation is given
to the county at large, are we to abandon our rights? Are we not
to expect that the great commercial interest of Yorkshire shall be
represented in Parliament ?—(Cheers).—Gentlemen, I offer myself,
if you should think me a fit person, as a representative of the com-
mercial interest--(Cheers).
Mr. Goat introduced Mr. Bethel!, who offered himself as a can-
didate to represent the county in the ensuing Parliament, and whom
be ►elieved to possess the talents and principles requisite in a man
wno undertook the office of their representative.
Mr. Bavust.t. next addressed the Meeting, and declared himself
inimical to the Corn Laws.

The Mayor of Leeds, Mr. Hatt., introduced Richard Fountayne
Wilson, and Wm. Duncombe, Esqrs.
Mr. Wltwtt declared the grounds on which he offered himself—
attachment to the Constitution in Church and State, and opposition
to all further concession to the Catholics. With regard to the Corn
Laws, he did nut give any pledge.
Mr. Ihnicomae in his speech declared himself averse to the Ca-
tholic claims, and friendly to a cautions and gradual amelioration

et negro slavery. With respect to the Corn Caws, he whiled to go
unshackled to Parliament.

Mr. (iaavAsa Waists& wished to knew of Mr. Wilson, whether
or not he was chairman of a meeting at Tadcaster, on the 13th of
1545, when a petition was voted deprecating any alteration
hi the Corn Laws.

Mr. Wusoit said he certainly was autumn at that Meeting,
and he must candidly state be did not think his soden. had under-
gone any change. if there was at any time a deficiency iu the sup-
ply of corn in this country, it should be allowed to be supplied from
abroad. His complaint against the present system was, that the
supply and demand did not arise at the same moment. He wished
to have always a steady supply from our farmers at home, and to
fill up the deficiency of importations from abroad (Disapprobation).
Mr. Waxes& having desired to have the opinions of all the Can-
didates expressed on this subject,
Mr. Berstaxs said he would not pledge himself to any particular
vote, but he must say that he thought a temperate, steady, mode-
rate price would be best secured-by allowing a regular importation
of cons, subject to such a duty as, on deliberate inquiry, the agricul-
turist might seem to require.
Lord illimas said his opinion was, that the importation of corn
ins, this country ought always to be free.

.
Nis. Maassima. said, his ;pinion of the corn laws bad always
been, that they were most impolitic, most injurious to the general
Interests of the country—injurious to every class of the people, and
as much so to the farmer as to any other class—(Cheers). He was
an enemy to all monopolies, and especially to a monopoly of the
necessaries of life—(Hear, hear). He should advocate a free trade
in corn, subject only to such a duty as would counteriabuice the
burdens borne exclusively by the agriculturists—(Cheers).
Mr. Deneossax said the time had arrived when there should be
a revision of rbe corn laws. The Meeting then separated.
Monday is hard by the High Sheriff as the day of nomination.
