COURT INTELLIGENCE.

The Earl of Aberdeen left Argyll-house yesterday morn-
ing for the Pavilion, Brighton.

The Russian Envoy Extraordinary, Prince Tobotaky and
suite, left the Pulteney Rotel,Albemarle..street, yesterday, for Brighton,
to present to the King an autograph letter from the Emperorof Russia,
congratulating his Majesty on his accession to the throne.

Str Robert Chester yesterday forenoon waited on his
Highness Prince Carolath, the Prussian Ambassador, on a special mis-
sion to this country, with an invitation from his Majesty for his High.
ness to Inas a few days at the Pavilion. His Highness left Alivart's
Hotel this morning for Brighton, accompanied by the Princess Caro-
lath, a lady of great personal attractions and literary talents, and their
two daughters, the young Silesian Princesses.
Baron Below, the Prussian Ambassador, has received
fresh credentials from his Government, and will not be superseded in
the Embassy to this country, as at first reported, on the arrival of Prince
Carolath. His Excellency is much esteemed by the Diplomatic Corps,
and in the distinguished circle in which he moves.
Major-General the Hon. Patrick Stuart has assumed the
command of the Forces in North Britain, having been appointed in the
room of Sir R. W. ('Callaghan, K.C.11. whose period of service ex-
pired last month, and who was included in the promotion of Major-
General on Majesty's accession, which would otherwise have rendered
him ineligible to have continued in the command.
The meeting of Parliament being fixed for the 26th day
of October, it Is hoped that the friends et the Anti.slavery cause through-
out the kingdom, will unite in imploring the early and utter extinction
of Colonial Slavery, by petitions to both Houses of Parliament. They
should be presented by that day, or as soon after as possible. No need-
less delay should be allowed to prevent the fulfilment of this sacred duty.
NATIONAL CHARACTEK.—The Regent Duke of Orleans
once asked a stmnger,what were the different characters and distinctions
of the various nations in Europe ? " The only manner in which I can
answer your Royal Highness is, to repeat to you the heat questions
which arc asked among the several nations in regard to a stranger who
comes among them. In Spain they ask, is he a nobleman of the first
rank ? In Germany, can he be admitted into the Chapters ? In France,
is he in favour at Court ? In Holland, how much money has he ? And
in England, who is that man ?"—Athanessns.
ROYAL Sroa'rlNG.—M. Charles Capet is said by tho
newspapers to have begun his shooting season at Lulworth on the Ist of
September. There is an error here ; for he is at Lulworth for having
commenced shooting without a license on a certain day in July, and in
hii good city of Paris. His first bauue was of 5,000 heads of people—
Examiner.

Dr. Gray, tho respected Bishop of Bristol, narrowly es-
caped being burnt on Sunday week. He preached in the evening at
Bishop-Wearmouth Church, and just as he was commencing his sermon
the sleeve of his robe came in contact with one of the candles that lighted
the pulpit, and unfortunately caught fire. His Lordship having a glove
In the other hand, instantly put out the flame, happily with litle injury.
—Gloucester Journal.

Within the last two or three days the Carlton-place en-
trance into St. James's Park has been set about in good earnest.—
The balustrade of the terrace has been taken down so as to allow a
space sufficiently wide for a carriage-way with a footpath on either
side of it; and a number of labourers arc busily at work clearing
away that unsightly embankment of earth which, at so much expense,
was thrown up here for the purpose of forming this jnont ()via:ire
promenade. They are carting it away, through archways in the wall
which supports it, for which purpose some of the east iron columns
have been removed, and some of the original arches broken into each
other, and they are depositing it on the green sward in the enclosure
of the Park.

The Commissioners of Woods and Forests are employing
a considerable number of workmen in Cumberland-market, Regent's.
ark, completing it for the new intended Haymarket; the clay has
been removed for some feet down, and filled up with hard dry rubbish,
preparatory to it being paved, which is to be immediately done, as the
new Hay-market is to be opened, if possible, in the early part of the
ensuing month. Clarence-market (which is adjoining Cumberland.
market) is also to be immediately paved, and a large market, to be
erected on one side for the sale of butchers' meat, andion the other side
for the sale of vegetables. The improvement these intended markets
have made in the sale of houses in that part Is quite astonishing, and
property which a short time since was but of trifling value, is now int. I
mediately purchased at very improved sums. It is stated that the
Commissioners have it in contemplation to convert York-square into a
market, which is in a direct line with the other two ; and commodities
of all descriptions can he brought to any of these markets, at a very
cheap rate, by the Regent's Canal.
DEATH OF ADMIRAL SIR HENRY NICHOLLS, K.C.B.
—(From a Correspondent.)—This very distinguished and gallant offi-
cer died a few days since at his residence in Somersctshire. Having em-
braced the naval profession when quite a child, he may be truly said to
have been "born on the winds, and cradled in the storm." His zeal,
perseverance, and abilities, raised him to the highest rank and honours
of his profession. After having passed through the junior grades of
the naval service with credit and satisfaction, he obtained the rank of
full Captain in 1788, at the age of thirty, and in the memorable and
distinguished war of 1703 commanded the Royal Sovereign of 100
guns. This ship bore the flag of Admiral Graves, afterwards created
Lord Graves, for his valuable services. His Lordship, it is uni-
versally admitted, derived the greatest assistance from the consum-
mate skill of Captain Nicholls, whose character as an officer
and a seaman was proverbial in the Channel fleet. On the Ad-
!miral being severely wounded and taken below, Captain Nicholls
fought the ship in the moat gallant and praiseworthy manner; be re-
ceived a medal, and afterwards the command of the Marlborough, 74 ;
in 1807, was advanced to Rear-Admiral; in 1810, Vice-Admiral; in
11825, Admiral of the Blue; and in 1830, Admiral of the 11'hite. He
was for a short time Comptroller of the Navy, which he resigned, the
duties of that office being too fatiguing ; and on the 20th of May,
1820, was elected a Knight Commander of the Bath. Sir Henry
Nicholls, though a most strict officer, was still admired and respected,
not more for his uniform zeal, perseverance, and ability, than for his
excellent disposition, which displayed the kindest heart of a rough
seaman in all his dealings with mankind. He was shortly to have been
advanced to the peerage, and in the event of that circumstance having
taken place, at his death the barony would have descended to his ne-
iphew, Mr. C. K. Whitaker.
_

- -
At a muting held at the Rotunda, Blackfriara-bridge, on
Monday evening, suggested by 11r. Cobbett, a petition to his Majesty
was unanimously agreed to, and prepared for signature, from persons
belonging to the working classes of London and its vicinity. The peti-
tion Embraces a great variety of topic, enlarges on the enormous public
expellees of the country, the unequal distribution of the immense reve-
nues of the Established Church, and the grasping of these revenues by
the Aristocracy. The petition proceeds to detail a list of manifold
grievances, and concludes by praying, that of those great powers with
which his Majesty is invested for the good of his faithful people, he
will be graciously pleased to make such use of them as shall produce a
Reform in the Commons House, ensuring to all adult males, not insane
and not tarnished by indelible crime, a voice, given by ballot, in the
choosing of representatives, and as shall shorten the duration of Parlia-
ments.

THE ELECTIONS IN ENGLAND AND WALEs.—The
number of contests at the late election, compared with those of 1826,
present something like a " curious coincidence," the number of county
contests being exactly the same at both periods nine ; and the total of
contests, fur counties, cities, boroughs, &c. being at the former period
63, at the latter about 60. The number of places entitled to send
Members to Parliament in England and Wales amounts to 270. The
number of Members neir to the House of Commons is about 130,
of whom 03;were returfiLd for places contested, and 67 for coun-
ties, cities, and boroughs without opposition. The number of
vote. polled in the year 1826 was 175,000; in 1830, 140,000. Beck-
oning a fourth of these votes plumper., and the other, three-fourths as
split votes—perhaps as accurate a calculation as can be formed
upon the subject-109,405 will be the number of these who exer-
cised their franchise in 1896, and 87,500 of those who voted in
the present year. The latter number is little more than that
of the constituency of France under the Bourbons. The
only contest which was extended to the utmost allowed
by law—fifteen days—was at Essex, where Mr. reltliey's ex-
penses were at the rate of nine pounds per vote. The t number
polled for any one candidate, was at Bristol, by Mr. ifialirl:tbsavis, who
received the support of 5,000 voter—five-sixth of the constituency, in
four days. The only places contested by Members of the Administra-
tion, were Norwich, Newcastle-under-Lyne, and Queenaborough.
