NAVIGATION LAWS.

SPERMS OP THR NIGHT HON. W. HUSICISSON IN TM*
1:1(AISE OP COMMONS, FRIDAY, Till 12TH OF MAY,
1826, ON THS PISSENT STATIC OF Till SHIPPING
INTRUST.

(Continued from our hit.)

After the general pacification of Europe, but before
we dismantled our fleet. we insisted on the powers of
Barbary desisting from the practices of maritime war.
fare, carried on by cruisers under their flags, in the
Mediterranean. These corsairs were constantly taking
prisoners, either for the sake of ransom, or for the pur-
pose of carrying them into slavery. Whilst this system
was tolerated, scarcely any trading vessels, those of
Great Britain excepted, could navigate that sea in
safety. In this state of things, it was highly honour.
able to this country to have used her naval power—the
dread of which had constantly ensured respect for her
own flag—for the purpose of procuring an equal degree
of security for the navigation of all Christian States.--
This was no positive duty which we were bound to per.
form. We were not called upon by an international
engagement, nor by any moral obligation, as in the
case of the Slave Trade. The act was one of spon- '
taneous generosity. But, however high-minded in
principle, it is not the less true that the result of our
interference was injurious to the Shipping Interest of
this country, in the Mediterranean. Since the bom-
bardment of Algiers, the flag of every State, bordering
on that sea, floats in equal security with our own. I
am not accurately informed what was the quantity of
British shipping employed in the carrying and coast-
ing trade of those States before this change, but I have
heard it stated, in this House, by one likely to be well
informed—the late Mr. Marryat—that from eight to
ten thousand [Mash seamen, and from seven to eight
hundred B. iti,h vessels,were engaged in that commerce.
Cmsequently, to that extent has the employment for
British ships been diminished in the Mediterranean.
But these were not the only circumstances, at the
close of the late war, which had a tendency to reduce
the amount of our shipping. With the termination of
host ilities, there was necessarily a diminished demand for
ships in the public service. The greatest proportion of
those which had been taken up as hired transports was
discharged. I have obtained a statement of their
number and tonnage, as they stood at the termination
of the war—and of the number and tonnage of those
employed at the present period. The diminution is not
lest than 1,226 vessels, amounting to 270,382 tons.
In the next place, we had to sell out of the King's
service a number of vessels, which were no longer
wanted in the Navy. I do nnt.advert to ships of the
line, or to frigates of the large class, which are always
sold, subject to the condition, that they shall be broken
up. Of this latter description of ships I take no notice ;
but ecnfine my statement to vessels of smaller burthen,
adapted to other purposes than those of war, and
which are consequently nut required to be so.
broken up. Of this class, there has been sold no less
a ',umber than 333, the amount of their tonnage being
93,530 tuns. So that, if we Add to the 'nuntber of trans-
ports disch aged the number of ships sold, we shall find
