BOOKS AP..) MAPS RELATING TO SPAIN.

MR. STOLKDALE respectfully informs the
Public, that he has this oay Published :
A Nrw MAP of SPAIN and PoaruoaL, on Nine Sheets ; by
E. Mentelle, Member of the National Institute of Sciences at
Paris; and P. G. Chanlaire,price IL 115.6 d.

A New Mae of SPAIN and PORTUGAL on Four Sheets; by
Don Thomas Lopez, Geographer to his Catholic Majesty, price
IL Is.

A New MAP of SPAIN and PORTUGAL, on One large Sheet;
by Don Thomas Lopez : improved and corrected from the above
Nine-Sheep Map, by E. Mentelle, price 7s.
BOURGOING'S POST-ROADS of SPAIN; with a Sheet-Map; on
which are accurately laid down, all the Posts, price 2s. 6d.
MODERN STATE of SPAIN ; by J. F. Bourgoing ; translated
from the Paris Edition of 1807, in 4 vols. Bvo. ; and a 4to. Atlas;
including Essays on the State of Spain ; by lA. Peyron, price 31. ss.
The Siam Woaa, in French, without Peyron's Essays; In S
vols. 8vo.; and the 4to. Atlas, price 21.125. 6d.
Piccadilly, October 25th, 1808.

A LIVING ,PEERAGE.
This day was published, in a Thick Volume, Royal 18mts.
Corresponding with the Index to the House of Commons, price
12s. in boards,

ABIOGRAPHICAL INDEX to the HOUSE of
PEERS—containing Anecdotes and Characters of the Chief
Members of each Family, and the Public Conduct and Parlia-
mentary Character of the present Living PEERS, on a nor and
improved Plan.
By the EDITOR of the BIOGRAPHICAL INDEX to the
HOUSE of COMMONS.

Instead of a tedious detail of dates and proper names succeeding
each other, without interest, and devoid of useful information or
rational entertainment, the present work abounds in anecdote and
in facts relative to the Living Peerage it is precisely the kind of
work which, under the name of a Compendious Peerage, hes
always been sought for, but which it has required the °Wens-
dons of a long and active life to collect into the present volume.
Printed fur Thomas Goddard, No. 1, Pali Mall ; Cradock and
Joy, Ave -Maria-lane ; and G. Richards, Cornhill ; to be had also
of all Booksellers.

Of whom be had, by the same Editor,
The IIIOGILAPIIICAL INDEX to the House of COMMONS, price
12s. in boards, corrected to the Spring of 1808.

A SPLENDID WORK,
DESCRIPTIVE OF MODERN LONDON.
This day was published,
. .

In One large and elegant Quarto Volume, illustrated with Sixty
kngravings, by the first .Artists, plain and coloured,
Price Three Guineas in boards,
MODERN LONDON: O consisting of a Brig
History of the Metropolis of the British Empire and of
A PULL and CIRCUMSTANTIAL DI,SCRIPTION of its PRESENT
STATE; illustratt-d- by beautiful characteristic ENGRAVINGS,
representing all the Places of great public Resort, and the princi-
pal Buildings.
This Work is the only existing publication of sufficient conse-
quence and authority to illustrate so Foreigners and Strangers the
Wealth, Splendfur, Population, and Magnitude of the largest
City in the Worn.' kwas publitited expressly with that design,
and it is calculated to convey to the remotest nations the clearest
ideas relative to London, and to preserve the recollection of its
mot Interesting features to those persons who are or have been
itrniliat• with them.
Printed for RICHARD PHILLIPS, No. 6, Bridge-street, Black_
friars, and to lee bad of all booksellers and dealers in books.
Of whom may be bad, by the saine Editor, prise ;is. bound in
red, The PICTURE of LONDON, for tisos.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FROM DUTCH PATERS TO THE 224 INSTANT,
PARIS, OCTOBER 27.

The arrival here of Count Von Rornanzow is an-
nounced. It is thought that his Excellency will await
the answer of England in this capital.

OSTEND, OCTOBER 26.

People are extremely anxious about the result of
the fist overtures towards conciliation, which the two
Emperors of France and Russia have made to Eng-
land : and it is wished that they may procure us a
general peace. It is certain that the two couriers from
Erfurth to London took ship at Boulogne, for Eng-
land, on the 20th ; and it is even asserted that they
have both returned to Calais from their mission to
the English Government. However this may be,
these accounts have here, as well as at Antwerp, and
other ports of the Empire, caused a very great sensa-
tion, and have produced a remarkable fall in the price
of colonial produce, and a rise of the public funds.

HAGUE, NOVEMBER 1.
The French privateer the Grand Duke of Berg has
captured off the Isle of Wight, and carried into
Havre an English vessel called the Betsey, laden with
fish and oil, from Newfoundland, and bound to Poole.
—According to letters from Trieste, twenty ships
had arrived at that port and Fiume with the proctuce
of the Levant, and are to be followed by others,

ST. PETERSBURGH, OCTOBER 8.

The Court Gazette of the sth and Bth contains very
full details with respect to the last victorious opera-
tions of our troops in Finland, under the command
of General Buxhovden, After uncommonly bloody
battles, the Swedes were driven out of Wasa, and Old
and New Carleby, and the whole province of Wasa
has been subjected to the Russian Government. The
army of Field -Marshal Klingspor, which consisted of
16,000 regulars, and many Armed boors, has been
diminished to 9000. By sea the Russians, under Ad-
miral Masdejedow, have acquired new laurels,

VIENNA, OCTOpER 15.

His Imperial Highness, the Archduke Charles, the
day before yesterday, set out for Presburg, to join his
Majesty the Emperor. The report that his Majesty
will have an interview in Gallicia with the Russian
Monarch is now become doubtful. The report of an
armistice between the Porte and Russia is not con-
firmed, and our Court Courant is silent about it.

BERLIN. OCTOBER 20.
This morning, Prince William of Prussia, whose
arrival here from Erfurth communicated great satis-
faction, set out on bis return to Koningsberg,

LEIPSIC, OCTOBER 17.
This mars:ling, at half past six o'clock, the Emperor
of Russia and his suite arrived here. He was received
by the French and Saxon troops, and the horse-zuard
of the merchants of this city. His Majesty breakfasted
at the Prussian Hotel, whence, after receiving the
Deputies of the town, he departed at ten o'clock,
amidst a general cry of—,, Long live the Emperor !"
He was escorted by a detachment of French and
Saxon cavalry, and also by a detachment of the
Mercantile Guard of Honour. Yesterday the Grand
Duke Constantine, Baron Von Vincent, and the
Prussian Envoy Von Goltz, passed through this city.
FRANKFORT, OCTOBER 14.
Marshal Soult's corps has broken up. A great
part is to march towards France. No part of the
Grand Army will remain in Germany, except the
corps of the Prince of Ponte Corvo, on the coast of
the Baltic, and that of Marshal Davmust, which is to
occupy, the principalities of Fulden, Bayreuth, the
country of Hannan, Erfurth, &K. We know not yet
whether Prussia is to be entirely evacuated.
OCTOBER 13.—We are assured that the French
troops in Germany will take the na.-pe of the Army
of the Rhine, and that Marshal Davoust (Duke of
Auerstadt) is appointed General in Chief of this army.
It is added, that he will have the grenadiers of General
Oudinot under his orders.

NUREMBERG, OCTOBER 19.
The Gazette of this town states, according to letters
from Nissa, that a great personage had arrived there
from Constantinople, charged w►th a message from
the Sultan Mahomet to Czern► Georges. It is added,
that Caerni was requested to go ►n person to Nissa
but it is not known whether he-had consented. Other
letters state, that a number of Turkish and Russian
Officers had arrived at Widdin. At Belgrade, the
people appear perfectly satisfied respecting the situa-
tion of Serv►a• A number of German architects,
masons, carpenters, &c. have arrived there, and a
great part of the town is rebuilding.

FROM THE GOTTENBURGH MAIL.
GOTTENBURGH, NOVEMBER 1.

We have not a syllable of news. Nothing farther
has transpired about the armistice in Finland. His
Majesty's ships Victory, Centaur, and Implacable are
here, and sail with the first fair wind for England.
The Africa has had a brush with upwards of twenty
gunboats off Drago. some of them have been sunk.
The Africa had ten men killed and fifty wounded :
she has returned to Carlscrona to repair.
" Head-quarters, Lemland, October 19.
" The King has received a report, of which the
following is an extract :
4t-Yestesday, at three quarters past ten o'clock in the forencon,
our outposts were attacked, and immediately afterwards the battle
commenced. The battalions of the Regiment of Guards were
placed to the left and right of the mad. The enemy, who was by
far superior in number, endeavoured to turn our right wing, when
Colonel Boye ordered two cannons to be placed to the right of
Wigs, and Ly that means the enemy was forced to fall back; but
he soon afterwards returned, and attacked us with a still superior
force, when we were ordered by Colonel Boye to retreat, after
the Swedish and Finland Guards had twice repulsed the enemy.
(Signed) t- Ft.zavwoon'
Commander of the 2d Division of
the Southern Finland Army.
" Lelatnakurko, September 29."
EXTRACT FRAM A BULLETIN, SATED
" dimiand, October 17.

Admiral lijelnistierpa reported to the King, on the 12th
inst. that he arrived with the 'allies at Gronweitsund on the
11th ; that Brigade Adjutant Losch had returned front reconnoi-
tring ralvasund and had not found any Russian shirt at that
place, the Russians having on the 4th passed the place with 107
vessels; that Losch afterwards proceeded to 4.egtuna, Itmetalax,
,11.4 Sattava, and discovered that the Russian galley fleet was at
Isamu 04 in the igkbourltood of tae isle of sutra ; and had

been !thrilled tbei the Resoles galley fleet was destined to Abo.
The King has promoted Rear-Admirals Von Rajalin and Picks
to the rank of Admirals."
Read-quarters Lemlantl, October 24.
His Royal Maijesty has received the following
Report from Admiral Puke :
Having judged it necessary to inspect myself the position in
Rogerwirk, I proceeded thither on the 7th instant, in company
with the English ships of the line. I found that the whole Ras-
Asian fleet lad set sail, with the eaception of two frigates, which
bad lowered their top-gallant-masts : ape of them was under
weigh, but dropped anchor again at our approach. They probably
intended to sail up the bay of Finland in company Vrith the other
frigate, which seemed ready to set sail. A large frigate lay stranded
in the bay, she was dismasted, and no person could be discovered
on board of her.

His Majesty's frigate Camilla, at anchor in
Carbcrona Road, October 16.
Intelligence has been received, that about the 15th
instant the Russian garrison in Abo amounted to
about 1000 men, and that in the vicinity of the town
several batteries have been constructed. In the action
near Helsing, the Russian force amounted to 7000
men, who are now quartered in the adjacent villages.
—,-Stockholm Gazette, October 27.

SPAIN.

ARANJUEZ, OCTOBEM. 23.

His Excellency Don Francisco Xavier Castanos
has transmitted the following report to his Serene
Highness the President of the Supreme Central Junta
of are Kingdoms
44 MOST SERENE L.onos—From Various reports
which Lieut. General D. Manuel de la Pena, second
in the command of the army of Andalusia, has trans-
mitted to me, I have the honour to communicate to
yow Highness the following intelligence :
" Captain Don Francisco Moreno, who commands
the tirailleurs of the advanced guards of the division
of Andalusia, having received intelligence in Logro-
i no, the 27th ult. that he was to be attacked next day,
resolved to attack the enemy, and the next morning,
at break of day, fell in with thew near Ceniceros and
defeated them.
" On the Bth inst. Count de Alacha, Colonel of
the Volunteers of Catalonia, attacked the enemy near
Logrono, and put them to the rout. On the same
day a strong detachment of French cavalry appeared
in the vicinity of Ledosa, and fell in with a detachment
of the regiment of cavalry of Bourbon, commanded
by Captain Don Juan Gomez. This gallant officer,
relying on the intrepidity and courage of his troops,
without a moment's hesitation, attacked the enemy,,
far superior in number, and being supported by a de-
tachment of the regiment of the Sharpshooters, com-
manded by Don Bailarar de Vittalla, the enemy were
driven back to Lerin.
" All these actions, as hoaourable to the army
which I have the honour to command, as glorious to
the officers and men who were engaged, will give your
Serene Highness a correct idea of the spirit which
prevails in his Majesty's army.
" God preserve you many years,
" XAVIER DE CASTANOS.
" Head-quarters, October 25, 1805."

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CI.OOK :
Consols, money, 674—for account, 674j—Omnitur, par
Exchequer Bills, 6s. to Bs. prem.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock 236 i India Bonds, 6s. 7s. prem.
8 per Cert. Red. Ann: 6611 Imp. Ann. 7} 7-16
3 per C. Cons. 67i-f Irish S per Cent Mit
4 per Cent. 8211 Ex. Bills, 6s. Bs. pr:.
5 per Cent. 1:4450i Omnium prem par.
Long Ann. 18 8-16 State Lottery Tickets, 211. ISs.
India Stock Cons. for ace. 6741}

A rumour prevailed very generally for a short time
yesterday, that an account had been received from
Holland of a general action having at last taken place
in the North of Spain, The particulars we need not
repeat, as the report is entirely discredited—letters of
a later date having been received, which are entirely'
silent on the subject.

At a late hour last night we received some Madrid
Gazettes. The Gazette of the 25th ult. contains the
Report by General CASTANOS, which we have given
in a preceding column.

The contest which the AFRICA had with the Da-
nish gun boats, was for the protection of the British
traders which she had under convoy. On the 14th
ultimo 140 merchant vessels :sailed from Cariscrona
under convoy of the AFRICA. When they arrived off
Drago, they were attacked by between thirty and
forty gun boats. Three of the vessels were captured ;
and had it not been for the very great exertions of
Captain BARRryr and his crew, a considerable part of
the convoy would have been taken or destroyed. The
AFRICA suffered severely in protecting it. Exclusive
of the damage she received in her hull and rigging,
she has sustained a loss of 20 killed and 40 wounded.
Other accounts state 10 killed and 50 wounded.—
Captain BARRETT having first seen the convoy safe
through the Sound, was obliged to put back to Carls-
crona to repair. The VICTORY, CENTAVItt and IM
PLACABLE were at Gottenburgh on the 31st, from
wlience they were expected to WI for England with
the first fair wind.

Letters received by the Gottenburgh Mail, state
some new arrangements to have taken place at Er-
furtb, which, could they be depended on, would serve
to prove that NAPOLEON has but little hope of being
able to establish his brother JOSEPH on the Throne of
Spain. The following is one of the letters alluded to:

MEME4., QCI'OI3R is.

The fate of the KING of Patugaw is decided. He
is to have the Duchies of Dantzic and Warsaw, and
is for ever to lose the Marks and Pomerania. JOSIIPU
is to be King of Prussia, it BoNARArrz finds that he
casnot completely triumph in Spain. He feels that

belsai played an Impolitic game in the Peninsula s
for if Ise should even force JoezPn upon them, he
perceives that South America would be separated
from Old Spain, and that England would thereby
gain the ascendant in the New World. Howeier he
may bluster, therefore, be assured that be means to
restore to them their beloved FERDWAND VII. and
by the charm of his name to demand from the loyalty
and good faith of England the withdrawing of her
troops from every part of the Spanish territories. In
this plan of proceedings you will have an offer of ne-
gociatioe ; and in that offer the Esuperor will not
hesitate to say that he will make a sacrifice of his
views upon Spain, to manifest to the world his desire
of peace."
The speculation in the above letter is plausible,
and may not be entirely void of foundation ; but it
does not harmonize with
THE ADDRESS OF NAPOLEON TO THE

LEGISLATIVE BODY ;
Of which we now lay a full copy before our Readers:
PARIS, OCTOBER 26.
Yesterday his Majesty the Emperor and King went
in great state to the palace of the Legislative Body,
in order to open the sitting. His Majesty addressed
the Assembly as follows :"".
" Messieurs, the Deputies of the Departments to
the Legislative Body,
The code of laws, laying down the principles of
property and of civil freedom, which forms the sub-
ject of your labours, will be adopted as the sentiment
of Europe. My people already experience the most
salutary effects from them.

44 The latest laws have laid the foundation of our
system of finance. That is a monument of the might
and greatness of France. We shall henceforward be
able to meet the expenditure which might be rendered
necessary, even by a general coalition of Europe, from
our yearly income alone.

" Never shall we be reduced to have recourse to
the fatal expedients of paper money, of loans, or of
anticipations of revenue.

" I have, in the present year, laid out more than a
thousand miles of road. The system of works which
I have established for the improvement of our terri-
tory, will be carried forward with zeal.

66 The prospect of the great French family, lately
torn to pieces by opinions and intestine rancour, but
now prosperous, tranquil, and united, has affected my
soul in a remarkable manner. I have felt that, in
order to be happy, I should in the first place be as-
sured that France was happy.
44 The peace of Presburg, that of Tilsit, the assault
of Copenhagen, the plans of England against all
nations on the ocean, the different revolutions at Con-
stantinople, the affairs of Spain and Portugal have, in
various ways, exercised an influence on the affairs of
the world.

“ Russia and Denmark have united with me against
England.

" The United States of America have rather chosen
to abandon commerce and the sea, than to acknow-
ledge their slavery.
gg A part of my army has marched against that
which England has formed in Spain, or has disem-
barked. It is a distinguished favour of that Pnovi-
DENCE, which has constantly protected our arms, that
passion has so far blinded the English Councils, that
they abandon the defence of the seas, and at last pro-
duce their army on the Continent.
44 I depart in a few days to put myself in person
at the head of my army, and, with GOD'S help, to
crown the King of Spain in Madrid, and to plant my
Eagles on the forts of Lisbon.
" I have only to praise the sentiments of the Princes
of the Confederation of the Rhine.
" Switzerland experiences more and more the be-
nefits of the Act of Mediation.
gg The people of Italy give me grounds for nothing
but expressions of satisfaction.
gg The Emperor of Russia and myself have had an
interview at Erfurth. Our first thought was a thought
of peace. We have even resolved to make some sa-
crifices, in order to enable the hundred millions of
men whom we represent, if possible. the sooner to
enjoy the benefits of the commerce of the seas. We
are agreed, and unchangeably united, as well for
peace as for war.
Messieurs Deputies,
a I have ordered my Ministers of Finance, and of
the General Treasury, to lay before you an account
of the receipt and expenditure of the year. You will
therein see, with satisfgction, that I have not felt it
necessary to increase the tarif with any impost. My
people shall experience no new burthen.
44 The Speakers of my Council of State will sub,
mit to you many plans of laws, and among wino 411
those which have relation to the criminal code.
" I rely constantly on your co-operation."
His Majesty's speech excited the most lively ems-

tlon, and the Sitting was closed under repeated
mations of " Long live the Emperor!"
rejoicings were manifested in the streets
which his Majesty passed.

Need we observe that NAPOLEON'S
to seize upon the Throne of Spain, is
depend on the answer he might receive
position made to the British Government
indeed, of being willing to mate same
obtain peace I—But Spain is the s*rificed
ambition requires to be made to his fa nil

Vice-Admiral Sir JAmils SAUMABEZ,
ty's ship V4crony, witti the CENTAUR'
ships of the line, arrived yesterday mornini
Downs from the lialtic.—Sir JAMES
Admiral CAMPBELL with fifteen guns, tofu
turned by the Vice-Admiral with the like

Sir HEW WHITEFORD DALRYMPLE
Ayr, December 3, 1750, apd was knigl
1779, being appointed proxy for Sir Anoi
TON, K.B. at the installation of the Km)
Order on the 19th of same month. Sir
only son of JOHN DALRYMPLE of Ayr, '
the Enniskillen Regiment of Drapops,
of SIT HEWDA4.RYMPLE, Of North Berwick,
was the third sop of JAMES, first Viscount'
The card of admission to the LORD MA/
to-morrow, is adorned with two female
presenting Spain united with Britain, •
and spurning with contempt the tyrann
sion of France, represented by a 'portrait
PARTE prostrate OD the ground.

Rambouillet, from whence BONAPAW.
departure for Bayonne, is thirty miles
from Paris.
The Duchess d'Amootrutsca came to t(
last, on a visit to his Royal Highness
Grosvenor-square, where there was a large
of the French Nobility to pay their duty •
Highness. On Saturday morning, she
Gosfield House, where the Royal Fami
most retired manner, seeing only a very
sons formerly attached to the old Court
who go down to them occasionally. The
Duchess of COIGNY; and the Count an('
VAUDREUL, are gone to Gosfield Hot
week there.
LA GLOIRE fricaci e,Captain CARTREW
convoy from Spi for the West Inc'
DRURY.LANE•Mr. CURREY'S popular
The Solitter's Daughter, was performed
the first time this season ; and Mrs. JORDAN resume
her favourite part of The Widow Utterly—a
pressi y written for her, and she never was
than last night ; unbounded applause was
her recompense.
Mr. and Mrt. H. SIDDONS, in Mr. and
were natural and interesting ; Mr. Do,.
nor Heartall had all its usual excellence
Eursrox was not less successful in Fr
The Play went off with great spirit..
TAIN resumed her part of Fatima, in
PENLEY was but an indifferent substitut
TER in Shaeabae. '!'he lightness and elegae,
Ga.) :ox's dancing were loudly applauded.

'tont
-4e

KING'S THEATRE.—III Henry the Elva.
M: s. Stomas, in Queen Katharine, formed
nent attraction, and exerted her unriv7.
with great effect. KESIBLE and Pan
much advantage in the ambitious IV
blustering Monarch ; and Miss Bats
lovely representative of Ann Bullen.—;
advances in the estimation of the Publii

It appears by letters from Stockholm,
down to the SOth ult. that the recent
Finland is not considered as likely to
pacific negotiation. It is represented
local and temporary circumstances.
had in fact proceeded as far as they
and were happy to accede to any ar
would leave them in quiet possession .
Finland occupied by them. The Swedes,
hand, convinced of their incompetency to
were glad to enter into the kind of compro,
has taken place. It is stated, however, that
dish Majesty is as fixed as ever in his d.
prosecute the war, and to agree to no terms
which shall not have for their basis the cc
cuation of Finland.
Letters from Holland, dated the Ist inst.

that a vessel, endeavouring to enter the port of to
sterdam on the 80th ult. was fired upon and oh
together with all the crew. They also mention itst
two ladies who were attempting to land from aril,
(supposed to have come from England) were dows
into the sea by the inhuman guards, and woulabar
been drowned, but for the assistance of a segos,
who plunged in and saved their lives. The 04'1°
represented to his Majesty the King of Hou.AND,vio
conferred a gold medal on the gallant tar, as a
ward for his humanity.
THE FIFTH OF NoVEBIR.—The revolving I

never brings round this anniversary, but it is attenl
with accidents and misfortunes, arising from the vi
gar mil violent manner in which it is pretended to
celebrated for instead of being a day set apart
pious devotion and thanksgiving, it is u
ductive of riot, disorder, and mischief.
lane, a coach, on the roof of which were
and withinside five women, was overset,
quence of the horses taking fright at
ploding near them, by which the sailors
fully injured. One of them had both his
and the others were hideously lacerated.
men, tvio of them had arms broken,
wise much hurt ; the rest, with
escaped ; and between the hours of el
o'clock at night, two young men, will
same set of chambers in the Inner Tf
themselves in. celebration of the evt...
moms, with the like mischievous combustive
of them mwspectedly exploded, with
struck one pt the young men senseless ,
and so terribly lacerated the head, face,
the other, that his lite was in the utmost
it walk with difficulty the whole building
*Liu .

• •
r repeated nth.
rr !" 'rise sar4
streets throu. We
T, •
1C
4a determinatins • is ca
is not made ti
:eive to any pe .
oment ! He 444
r3linfie sacrifices
ced whielt tl
hi
fa Wily ! ! bd
,
,E,z, in his Ha* ga
and IbtpLioaxt, •.
morning in 6, be
tES saluted Vim
ns, which was o ' me
le like nuruher, e °
.rk
irt.E was knit .°llel
knighted wy ,et
Anot.eaus Ono. :ye r
ie Knights of 6 beSir Him h
am,
Lyr, a Captain
DOPs, yet hird sok rn",
COW
iscount StAut. Ford
to MATORIS . el
emaie *up . I
:ain, trampling .
ranny and op. tha
portrait of 891 'll
inar(
lAPARTE took .; Situ
miles south- pets
to town on Fri.
ness Motismun,
As a large ass!., ,
duty to her Ro roe
, she returned upo
Family live in k. ,
very fey., of the pe `.1,,i.,;(
:ourt of. Versailles was
r. The Duke are tont
It and Countess(' Ord!
Nouse, to pass; , L
ng
114
LTHEw, is appointed well
;t Indies. that
Popular C°medyai thee
med last night cot opir

s. JORDAN resumed writ
r..:heerly—a part et el.
er was more hap., :he
ause was as usia , Lc,
act
and Mrs. Map . .afcg
• DOWTON'S Goy .CO
cellence ; and k • am
iq Frank Beard of I
Arit.—Mrs. MOD
a, in Blue Audi.-
ntitute for BAUD. oftc
Rd elegance alkali ver
plaucled. in
le Eighth, last nit+, 1:2,
formed the prat •=a
unrivalled tales '
POPE are seen "mai
us Wo4 and Tin
BR'S row is a v tlsi
fen.—The BG,td B 4
Public.
kholm, which c • 4/
recent armistice
rto terminate in it
'iced as the result E
ces. The Russia fa
hey intended to p *sti
arrangement wh4 .at
;ion of that putt u
iwedes, on the ale ol
tency to resist the rte
of compromise tka tc
wever, that his Sot
his determinatice
ono terms of •
;is the complete d

pr
f. Near Gra
were three sail
)verset, in COa-
t some squibs
hors were
his thighs brok
med. Of the •
, and were o
the coat
geven and
,ho inhabited
Cemple, amD
!vening, in S
mbustible.,
il.,asiaodinscsedot,rngdaneaan.:
wasdetsgelhaorl7soci
