k
he more AV ire thaniSir T. More, or More It • void than
Erafmns? It was in vain, therefore, to fay that the
Slave Trade was jellified by the authority of thofe l
erhofb attention had never been tailed to its enormit Y. 1
The Chriflian religion had tended to abolifh fla very in
Europe, and its principle equally led us to abolifh the
detenable, traffic in human beings on the ccal of
Africa. He contended, on the authority of Mr. Park,
that the demand for naves tended to perpetuate wars
in the interior of Africa, and mamtainedrahat if the
market were taken away, the horrors which led
to its fupply would ceafe. He infifled, that if the
trade were abolifhed, the flock of Negroes in the Weft
Indies would be kept up by the ordinary means of
increafe, which could not be the cafe while the trade
continued, and the intereß of the Planters found
its account in a different fytlem He maintained,
that it was imponible to believe that the gate of a
Negro in the Welt Indies was fuch as to head him
to prefer it even to slavery in Africa, and it was
abfurd to think fo, confidering the new kind of
labour to which he was condemned, when he had
never been accullomed to firth habits, and when he
mull be torn te-om his country and connedions. He
was convinced too, that far from weakening, the
meafure would tend to the fecurity of our iflands,
and he (hewed, flom the inflance of Barbadoes, and
that in the cafes where the importation of Negroes
; was the leaf}, the proportion of whites to blacks
' was greaten. He concluded with a pathetic allufion
. tt the fentiments of Mr. Fox on this fubjed. Mr. Fox
I had often told him that the two objefts neareß his
heart were, the refloration of Peace, and the Aboli-
tiun of lie Slave Trade, which he ufed always to de
nominate with peculiar emphafis a torrent of iniquity;
and when, by the Ihuffiing of the French Govern-
ment he anti} ipated difappointment in the obtaining
of a Peace, he confoled himfelf with the hope that
the latter might be obtained. His Lordfhip then
1 mentiJned with approbation the exertions of others in
this cattle, and particularly of Mr. Wilberforce,
whom, though he was hardly acquainted with
him, he Mould always confider, notwithflanding
any pet or any future differences of opinion on
other points, as an honour to his country and to
human nature, on account of the zealous, able, and
perfevering efforts he had made for the abolition of
this odious traffic. The H tufe then divided, and
there were,
For the fecond reading of the Bill
Proxies

Oily to *cattle to fume -ef Ito ion, and di:eft Adler t 4
Attorney General to profecote, or to order. Come
other procefs confonent with its juriii.tinion and pri-
vileges. When he refleded on the charges Mad:
againd Mr. Davifon, be thought that the frauds or
abufes, let them be charaderiaed With what epithet
they might, were fobjeds of a criminal profccutiott.
The J arrnals had records of fimil4r proceedings,
where the Houle ordered the Attorney General to
profecute ; there was one very Ilrong inflance in the
reign of Queen Anne, where a beer contrador was
profecuted by the then Attorney General for abufes
committed in the cominding of his contrail, and waist
convided : and he few no reafon why the Hock
fhoold not now follow the like precedent. In the
cute of Mr. Divifon, a Rotel/lent had been laid bea
lore the Attorney and Solicitor General, who have
given their opinion, and his objeet in calling for that
opinion was., to call for fich a proceeding as the
Houle (horrid in its difcretion appoint; at prefent, the'
have only decided on the rconiary tide of the quer.
ti.n, but I,e meant to aim at the criminal fide the; eof.
The Right Hon. Gentleman then alluded to one
tranfadron as mentioned in the Report, viz. the fail
of Mr. Davifon buying coals at the moil reduced
price, from a Mr. Hargrave, at Brighton Barracks,
and felling them the fame day at the molt ad-
vanced, namely, a' Go fhillings the chaldron ; and
alfo charging commiflion for the fame. The next
was the fa& refpetling the fapply of too chaldron,
bought and delivered the fame day, am which he
had not only the like profit on the rale between the
lowed market price and the highed fate price, but
alto made a furcharge for the carriage, from 2s 6d.
which he paid, to 1 as. which the Barrack Matter
General paid to him. There were other circumfiances
of a limiter defcription, and when Mr. Davifon was
the offending perfon himfelf, or that the crimes were
committed by tubordinate agents, was not for him
to fay; of that, Mr. Davifon was to acquit himfelf
if he could, but had already been examined by the
Committee, and of two fpecific charges he could
give no account, his memory, he faid, havisig failed
him rerpeding them ; but one he acknowledged to
be true. There was another inflance wherein he Was
concerned with an unhappy man, who has recently
[offered the punifhment of the law for a capital rf-
fence ; ( Walker, who a fiw months Ace was executed
for forgery) and that man, whilst under fentence of,
death in Newgate, fent a Ratement of his dealings
with D2vifon, wherein he made feveral fevere accu-
fetions againtt him ; but the interference of the left
Ad of the law prevented any further enquiry into
the matter, and the circumstances have not ; et been
afcertained. He thought that, as far as I! , pectin,.
all affairs were to be regarded, the public might re-
cover back a confiderable funs of money firm Mr.
Davidlon. The Hon. Gentleman then adverted to
otter abufes committed in 1803, and urging the pt,ll-
- of the Houfe ordering loch profecutioq, is
would anfwer the ends of public julice, moved,
' That there be laid before the Home that o: inlets of eAt •
,
tome y and Solicitor General, which they bad giv,n on aca aatcd
to then!, enecerning Abufes and Fr .vii in the I)epartme .of the
Ihenck Matter General, as arifing o .t of the Dend itcpyrt of the
Committee of Military Enquiry:' .
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIitc.S.JER
Rated that this was a duty peculiarly incumbront on
the Lot ds of the Treafury to attend to, and that they
had taken every Rep which was requifite, to king
the matter to a fair and full invedigation as foot' s
circumftances would permit. Ni. pro.-ecution had a
yet been commenced, becaure it had been thought
nett to wait for the effect of the Bill, vi hich was then
before the Houfe, to compel Mr. Davifon to a pro-
dudinn of his cafh account with the late Barrack
Mailer Genet al. If the Lords of the Treafury did
not proceed in the profecution as fpeedily as poffible,
it mould then be competent to the Houfe to inter-
fere ; but he could affure the Houfe no time would
be 101 l to obtain a full invelligation. He mull, how-
ever, obje& to the production of this Paper, becaufe
the production of it would certainly thew the defen-
d int all the 9rong bearings of the cafe againtt him,
and all the weak points adhering to the nature of the
cafe and thereby enable him to fortify himfelf againß
the one, and to take advantage of the other. For
there reafon', he hoped the Right Hon. Gentleman
would agree to withdraw his motion.
Mr. PERCEVAL agreed that the motion ought
to be withdrawn. He differed from his Right Han.
Friend with refped to the pradice of the Houfe ; for,
if the precedents were eatery examined, it would ap-
pear that in thofe cafes where the Houfe had taken
up the matter, the difcoveries had been made by Com-
mittees of their own, and were conneded with tome
affair before the Houfe. But even if the Houfe thould
take the proceedings in this cafe into its own hands,
he thought that the Attorney and Solicitor General
ought to be ordered to proceed on the Report, merely
v ithout giving in any previous detailed opinion. The
reafon why he thought fo, was founded on the mif-
chievous effeds that would refult from premature
publicity, as had been Rated by the Noble Lord.—
But while there was no pretence that the Treafury
did not do its duty, he apprehended that it was much
better to leave the cafe in their hands.
Mr. ROSE faid, that after what had fallen from
the Noble Lord, he would certainly, with leave of
the Houfe, withdraw Isis motion.
Lori ARCHIBALD HAMILTON explained,
that the reafon why he had the other night withdrawn
MR. DAVISON. his Motion on this fubje& WAS, that he thought it
Mr. ROSE, in purfuance of his notice, called the, would be attended with great inconvenience to inter-
attention of theHoufe to the third Report of the Corn- fere with the Reps that had been already taken by the
mittee of Military Enquiry. He obferved, that the Triafury.
Public certainly was very much indebted to the cur- The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
rednefs with which that Committee had conduded begged it to be underdond, that no profecution had
their fcrutiny ; and the objed he had in view, in as yet commenced, for the reafons which he Rated on
calling for the paper he fpecified, was to follow tip
*former night. It was thought more advifeable to
that enquiry with a meafure conducive to the public pollpone any profecution till it could be feen what
good, by calling. for the authority of that Houfe in further lights would be turnfhed by the production
filch a way, as being exercifed with effect, might bring of Mr. Davifon's calls account with Gen. Delaney.
the offending individual before the public, to meet the SCOTCH CLERGY.
punifhment due to his errors. He did not take up The LORD ADVOCATE for Scotland moved,
this bufinefs under any opinion that it was intended that the Order for the committal of the Scotch
by &Unifiers to prole& that perfon from lattice, but Clergy Bill thould be difcharged. The Bill, of which
under the idea -that it was refolved to atlign him to he had given notice, to vett the powers of the Corn-
Come other mode of profecution than that which the mifficners of Tythes in the Court of Exchequer,
Houfe, by its own powers, had the means of putting would embrace the objet of the Bill which he now
into effe&. This was his motive for interfering in wished to withdraw. The Order was accordingly
the matter ; for he could nit perfuade himfelt to be-
dircharged.
lieve that any proccedin; could be fo effectual for the The'Turkey Tobacco Bill was 'c id a krona tilde, and ordered
end defigned, as that whtch the Houfealay its owapri• lope committed tomorrow.
a r pbrought up the Bill for veiling the Barrack
Committeevileges, ihould ordain. His idea, therefore, was as the Mr. WICKHA
era toPro of Papes,
report of that Committee andthe charges it contained,
and the Attendance of Performcom, an pedl toe! amdin uelinoe
upon Out t 1
...
had been laid before the Houle, the mon decotouk and Read a firtt, and ordered to let read a keond time to•mkirow. —.
folemn mode of procedure was for that Houfe immedi- Adjoarued.

- 72
- - - - 28
—coo
Agairft it • . - - 28
Proxies - - - 8
.-36
Majority - 64
Adjourned at five o'clock this morning.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
NORFOLK COMMITTEE.

The following are the names of the Committee appointed by
Ballot to try thi. merits of the Petition, complainlrg of an undue
Eledion and Return fur the County of Norfolk :
H. Baring, Ffq H. Farm'', Efq
M. Wood, Efq IL Williams, Efq
Lord V. Morpeth C' Adams, Efq
T. W. Plummer, Efq J. Kingtton, Efq
A. Atherley, Efq W. Praed, Efq
C. C. Wettern, Efq 0. Williams, Efq
R. T. St.:Wart, Efq
G.H. Rofe, Efq Charles Dundas, Efq.
PLYMOUTH ELECTION COMMITTEE.
The following are the names on the Reduced Lift:
J. F. Barham, Efq Hon. W. Hill
H. Willoughby, Efq Lord Rancliffe
W. Rolcoe, Efq Hon. W. Maule
R. B. Robion, Efq J. Cripps, Efq
E. Defbrow, Efq J. llrogden, Efq
W. Cavendifh, Efq tiodfrey, Efq
J. Calvert, Efq
NOMINEES.
W. Cartwright, Ffq J. Raine, Efq.

11011INISS.

- _
Lord HOWICK gave notice. that on Tuefday next he fhould
move for a call of the Houfe. His motive was to enfure a more
regular and fell attendance of Gentlemen ; an object fo very
much required, in confcquence of the number of Committees up-
on controverted elections, Ilia to be appointed.
The SPEAKER announced to the Houfe,that in confcquence
of the non-attendance of Mr William Gordon, the petitioning
candidate for the city of Worcefter, and his cont./Anent forfeiture
of his recognizance, be had ordered the fame to be tarented iuto
the Exchequer.
Mr. SIMEON gave notice of his intention of fubmitting to the
Houle a Bill to amend the Grenville Aft : he Itated, that the rea-
rm for calling the attention of the Houle to any meafure which
might appear to make any alteration in that MI, was not from
any defeel in the Ad. as far as iu imperative claufes went,but in
confcquence of a molt fingular and extraordinary circumftance
that occurred before the Coaamltteeon the Malden election.
The Learned and Hon. Member was proceeding to Rate the
nature of the circumftance, when be was called to order by the
Speaker and the whole Houfe. He then fignined Lis intention of
making the intended motion on Monday nett.
Mr. Krxi NS WRIGHT brought up the minutes of the Pen-
rhyn Eleetion Committee, which were ordered to he printed.
Mr. MELLISH ?relented a petition againft the kaft London
Water Works.
On the motion of Lord TEMPLE, the Houfe went into a
Committee on the Ads relating to the 'rude to and from the
Cape of Good Hope—en which
Lord TEMPLE moved, that the Chairman he inftrueted to
move the Houfe for leave to bring in a Bill, mithorizing his Ma-
jelly, for a limited time, to make Regulations refpecting the vette
and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. The Mo.
lotion was agreed to, the Report receivi.d, and leave given to bring
in the Bill.
In a Committee on the Newfoundland Filbcry Mt of laft
Section,
Lord TEMPLE moved a Refolution, that the Bounties granted
by the faid Aft be continued for a limited time. The Report was
ordered to be received to-morrow.
The Canada Worfted Yarn Export Bill was read a third time,
and paffed.

•
• vrfi
_

i
i

r
