STOCK EXCHANGE-ONR O'CLOCK.

There has been but very little business doing this morning ;
the Market has sustained a slight depression, and appears very
sluU.—Ciartent prices : •
3 per Cent. Reduced 79% vs
31,4 per Cents. 901/s-4 per Cent. New 96%
Bank Long Anna. 201/2 3-16
Imp. 3 per Cents. 781.4
India Bonds 47,, 48s. 49i.
Excheq. Bills of £l,OOO, Is. dis. par, 2s. dis.
Do. Small Is. dis. Is. pr.
India for Act. 24.21,4 243—Cons.forAct. 80 V; s 1,4.
ROYAL EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
This Market islikewise heavy : the new Russian Stock appears
likely to perform a tedious penance, as there is no inquiry
after it, nor the slightest disposition evinced to release it from
purgatory. Spanish Bonds are very heavy, 621 ; Chilialone
maintain their ground, 791.

A number of Documents have been laid before
Parliament, relating to the State of Ireland. They
consist cf dispatches from the LORD LIEUTENANT,
ia-
closing communications from Magistrates and Corn.
minding Officers in different Counties, descriptive•
of the state of the country, which, so far as regards
the open perpetration of crime, is improving : but,
notwithstanding the cessation of their movements in
the open field, the insurgents have not refrained from
the frequent commission of that class of outrages
which indicate the continuance °fa stubborn and hos-
tite spirit. Violence and terror have been employed
systematically, although, it is confessed, with some
abatement of their previous activity, not in Mun-
ster alone, but throughout -all the Provinces, as
mans of rendering three descriptions of persons
subservient to the will of the multitude—that land-
lords might be forced to reduce their rents—in-
coming
tenants, to abandon their farms—and wit-
ne..ses for the Crown to withhold their information,
on pain of death, or some barbarous bodily outrage.
—ln Connaught, the Loan LIQUTENANT " has rea-
son to believe that the great body of the population
has been sworn." 66 In Ulster," says his Lordship,
.4. although great outrages have occurred, the gene-
ral condition of that province is exempt from any

open appearance of insurrection," and the offences
• committed have been such as may be met and " cor-
rected in the ordinary course of laW, with due aid of
"an effective police." " Although the province of
Leinstei, generally, presents inconsiderable appear-
ances of public disorder, the great sources of cala-
mity, as well as the irritating causes of discontent, exist
in this province to the most alarming einem."
As these are not whole dispatches, but merely ex-
tracts, we are ignorant what may have been sup-
pressed; but we should certainly have liked to know
what the Lotto Latrtzuatrt conceives to be " the
great sources-of calarnityb" and the " irritating causes
of discontent;' and whether it is not attributable to the
mistaken policy of the Zoverninent, to the oppressire
conduct oi the landholders, and to the extortions' of
the Clergy.
That there may be evils afflicting Ireland bend the
nails of legislative Mini we will not deny : but if
the evils prevalent in that wtattSed country be reality
beyond the reach of law, why shosid the Police gill,
Ittsutrection Bill, now a sallead time so wpm-
recoiniseaded-by•Lor4 Was.e.ssi.sitk be `intro-

_~-_

~- -

duced in the hope that those evils Tay be effectually
diminished ? Are laws good only to Otserc,e, and use-
less to conciliate or encourage? ant is Ireland for
erer to be treated with the austerity if- d master, in-,
stead of the conciliatory kindness due to a member.
of the same family? The documents presented by
Ministers to Parliament are evidently for the purpose
of strengthening their demand for a renewal of the
Insurrection Act, which, we are told, has been
.of such
beneficial service, as to repress considerably the gene-
aid spirit of outrage. ye pre, however,. far from
thinking dist the case made nut by Ministers is suffi-
ciently strong to authorise the continued suspension
of the laws in Ireland.

The French Papers of Sunday hare arrived. In
the Chamber of Deputies the regular business of the
Session has commenced, but it is quite uninteresting.
Complaints are made of the oppressive partiality
with which passports are granted by the French po-
lice. The chief matter of complaint is, that in France
all persons are obliged to be provided with rigid do-
cuntents—and a Commission of Inquiry has decided
that all lodging-keepers and others shall make a re-
turn to the Magistrates of any stranger passing a
night in their houses.
The Rochelle conspirators are to he tried in Paris.
The reason of this is said to be, that some discoveries
are expected to be made which will implicate certain
individuals residing in that capital, and who will
therefore .be more immediately within the grasp of
the Cour Rork of Paris.
The intelligence from Germany is not of the
slightest importance. There is not a word that
throws any light on the affairs of the East.
An ultra French journal contains a sort of Bulletin
from the Spanish frontiers, which states,
" That the Spanish Brigadier-General Liabera, had forced the
detachments of Constitutional troops which were in the environs
of Pnycerda to retreat on RipolL The refugees in the French
territory have availed themselves of this opportunity to re-enter
Spain, end to )oin of new the Royalists, who appear on all the
points of Catalonia. It is said that their insurgent Chiefs, Mesas,
Besieges, kr- are in march to unite at a point fixed on. The
Berms tr.Broies imortt himself in motion in Catalonia, and ad-
vances at.the head of 4000 men against the Constitutional troops,.
who have built up the gates of the towns which they occupy.—
There was a serious affair in the same province, between the
Ilayalist and Constitutional troops, which were assembled to the
senliser of noway 5000, with cavalry. The Defenders of the Faith
hilted the courage of the French Veudeans—they sprung on
their enemies, notwithstanding a sustained fire of artillery and

musketry,and forced them to abandon the field of battlr."
The same Paper contains a Proclamation, said to
have been circulated with profusion throughout Na-
earre.—lt is dated a On the field of honour, 2d June,
1822," and signed "The Junta per interim of Navarre,
JOAQUIN LACARRAI if:WEI-JOAQUIN MELIDA, MA*
NUM. FRANO.—BEND. ERAIIO."
It is a ,raving and senseless document, complain-
ing that the Inquisition is destroyed, and that liber-
tinage, disorder, and irreligion, are authorised.
French Funds, June 15, Five per Cents. 91f. 65c.

Private letters of the 'l6th from Paris, state that a
Privy Council was held by Ministers, to discuss the
means to be taken in assisting the Spanish Royalists
with money, and sending all of them who have taken
refuge in France to their own country: this measure,
no doubt, will give great cause of complaint to
the Cortes.

Letters have been received from Smyrna dated the
14th ult. At that time the city was perfectly tran-
quil, and trade was even brisk. The Azores had ar-
rived with the cargo of the Elizabeth and Mary,
which had been wrecked on the coast of Scio. The
British merchants had received the pleasing intelli-
gence that Lord STISANOTORD had addressed a note
to the REIS EFFENDI, requiring that such of our
countrymen as had pecuniary claims on the Sciots
should be indemnified out of the property belonging
to the latter, and which the Porte had confiscated.—
It was expected that his Lordship's application would
be successful.

These letters complete the picture of misery and
rein which the preceding accounts from Scio had
strongly sketched. The Sciots were nobly disputing
with the barbarians for their native soil, but 65 hostages
had been hung by the Turks in eonsequence of the de-
termined resistance which had been opposed to them,
and they levelled with the earth every vestige of the
town. Still the inhabitants continued to resist their
oppressors, and their despair, added to their heroic
valour, must induce every Englishman to hope tliat

their great exertions will, in the result, be crowned
with success. One of these mentions that an epidemic
disease had broken out in &io in consequence of the
4reat number of unburied bodies, and that it has
been communicated to the Turkish fleet. Other let-
ters are, however, silent on the subject. The extor-
tions of the Turks have produced a revolution in
Mytelene, and every Island in the Archipelago has
raised the standard of the Cross.
The 4 letters notice an act of despair, or rather
heroism, on the part of the Greek inhabitants of a
, village near Salonichi. When they found that re-
sistance to the enemy was hopeless, they murdered
their wives and children to prevent their slavery and
defilement, and then destroyed themselves. Had all
their countrymen been animated by this unconquer-
, able spirit, their deliverance from oppression would
not be problematical ; but this forms, we fear, a soli-
' tarn instance of that stern resolution, 'by which a
people, engaged in a conflict for freedom, can hope
it° triumph.

.

•

. .

• etui 'intent. , •
The depot of the 44th Re.ginientle ordered (tats Chatham t...
Albany Smacks, hie of Wight, where it is espected to arrive'
'on the 29th instant.
Commission in the Renfreershlre Regiment of Militia slimed ,
by the Lord Lieutenant of Renfrewsliirr.
A. Campbell, Esq. M.P. to be Colonel, Wee Dunlop, deemed.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
•
FALMOVTII. JIM 17.—Wind Er—Ardved the Betsy, Whe
trims, from Figuera ; and Borodino transport, No. 4, from the
Cape of Good Hope, bound to the Eastward with troops.
PLTDIOUT/1' June Vt.—Wind F.—Passed by tor London the
Commodore !lase, from Bengal.--sailed the 13th December;
and Aurora, BILLINGTOM front Tarragona for London.
Pormstovrir, Jose le.--Wind S.F.—Arrived the Zephyr°
transport, from Plymouth.
I)ter., Jute F.S.E.—Came down from the River
this morning and sailed, the Sisters, Daowtrtwarr for Deme-
rara ; Star, Exnacm ; Mary, Boons; and Ardent. Horns, all for
the Cape: riled at eleven this morning, the Lord Wellington,
Betz, for Quebee.—Seven o'Clock--The undermentioned ships
are now coming through the Gull Stream: Marchioness of Ely,
Kay, for Calcutta; General Hewitt, Pietism, for ditto; Eclipse,
Snorrxrivoarii, for the Cape of Good Hope; and Lady Popham,
',MINS, for Jamaica.
Carom-house, Jiffs 111.—SMps Entered Inwards :—Alition,
from Antwerp; Speculator, from Valparaiso; George, from
Bourdeaux ; Jemima, from Antwerp; Adriatic, from Dentzic ;
Fame, from Jamaica; Vrow Martha, from Bruges; Lord Mel-
ville, from Calais; Sons of Commerce, from Rotterdam; Earl
Clancarty, from ditto; Foxhound, from the South Seas; Dia.
patch, from Tobago; and Jane, from Liverpool. Entered Out-
wards :—Catherine, for Constantinople; Kingston, for Halifax;
Vrow Jannetjc, for (Mend; Hercules, for Jamaica; Factor, for
Belfast ; and Martha, for Messina. Cleared Outwards Espe-
ranee for Ostend ; Goudvlsche, for Amsterdam • Betsy, tor
Tobago; Lord Melville. for Calais; Ann and Sadh, for Ham-
burgh; and Saunders Hill, for Fldneur.

Yesterday morning, the KING left town in his tra-
velling carriage and four, with outriders, for Kew,
where his MAJESTY spent the day.
The-Kuto will have another grand party to-mor-
row evening, at Carlton House.
Yesterday, the Duchess of GLOUCESTER visited the
Princess AUGUSTA.
The Princess AUGUSTA had a select party to din-
ner yesterday. '
Sunday, the Prince and Princessof DENMARK dined
with the Marquis and Marchioness of LosnoNDEEEY.
Yesterday, the Duke of Yoax, as Commander-in-
CLief, held a Levee at the Horse Guards, which was

attended by—
Lord Bingham, Earl of Bridgwater, Lord Musketry, Sir W.
W.Wyno, Lieutenant-Generel Hart, General Gascoyne, Sir R.
Church, Sir Dudley Hill, and about eighty others.
Yesterday evening the Duke of WELLINGTON, "the
hero of the battle of %Vaterloo," gave a grand dinner
his /Muse at Hyde Park Corner, to sixty Mi-
litary Officers, consisting chiefly of those who were of
his Grace's Staff, and had commands on that me-
morable day. The Marquis of ANGLESEA and Lord
HILL were absentees : the former is in the 141 e of
Wight. The Duke of YORK, as Commander-in-Chief,
was present. The dinner was served up on the costly
service of Portuguese plate which was presented to
his Grace. The other plate, and the services of china,
presented to his Grace by the Allied Powers, were
used on the occasion.
Monday the Earl of WINCH ELSEA entertained the
Duke of WELLINGTON, the Marchioness cif SnLts-
EURx> Lord and Lady CaANnonNE, the Countess of
Essex, the Countess of GLENGAL, the VICE-CHAN..
CILLOR, Lady Pewit', Sir HENRY and Lady G. WEL-
LesLey,, at his house, South-street, Grosvenor-square.
Lady Geortort City Ennisit had a select supper.party
at Burlingon House, on Monday evening, when a
grand entertainment was given in the dining parlour.
The Earl and Countess of LONSDALZ gave an ele-
gant entertainment on Wednesday.
Monday, a ddeuni, or public breakfast, of a very
superior description, was given by Lady MARY Ross,
at her delightful villa, at Kingston-upon-Thanie,.
The visitants on this occasion were all persons of su-
perior rank—they went in equipages of the most
splendid description, with four horses to each. The
amusements commenced at four o'clock in the after-
noon, with a boat race, in which much nautical skill
was displayed. Aboutive, the breakfast commenced:
the tables were laid for 200, and consisted of a pro-
fusion of niceties of every description. Ponch-a-k-
Romaine was served up in large quantities during the
hours of dancing, which ended at half-past eight
o'clock. The band of the 15th Dragoons played in.a
fanciful alcove. The company were highly delighted ;
and when the hour came for separation (ten o'clock)
nothing could be heard but expressions of regret.
In a water-party, last week, from Exmouth to Pow-
derham, Miss CARPENTER (daughter of the Admiral),
Miss Bourricr, and the Rev. Mr. BASTARD, were pre-
cipitated into the sea, by the upsetting of their boat,
but were happily all saved.
It is said in the fashionable circles, that LAWRENCE
PEEL, Esq. will shortly lead to the hymeneal altar
Lady JANE Lerma, daughter of the late Duke of
Ric nsiOND.
The Duke of Devoxsti IRE is expected to leave town
this day for Ramsgate for the benefit of his health,
where he will remain some time, and then proceed to
German Spa.
Mr. ALEXANDER, one of the Masters in Chancery,
has been appointed one of the Barons of the Exche-
quer, in the room of Baron WOOD, who has retired.
The subscriptions to Mr. Owen's. Experiment of
Mutual' ssociation and Co-operation at Motherwell,
near Lanark, amounts already to more than £50,000.1,
Some days back, a private of the 88th, quartered in
Cavan, requested his Commanding Officer to obtain
him permission to change into the 44th Regiment,
now embarking for India. On being asked his motive
for this singular wish ? be replied, it was from no dis-
like to the Regiment or his comrades, or his Officers,
and least of all to his Honour, nor from any partia-
lity to the 44th, or to India—" But the truth is, lam
married, and as I hear my wife is coming to juin, I
would fain be off first
_r
Last week, two females died in Strathaven, in the
prime of their age. They were very intimate before
'marriage ; they were married about the same time;
their husbands were brothers; they both died. within
25 minutes of each other ; were carried under the
slime pall, and lai4 in the seam grave!
Krzio's TuaAtas.—The Opera of Pietro sr Ere.
'stilt, and the Ballet.of Le Petit aciperon Row were
again performed last night, to the great sati faction of
an elegant audience.

1"11

•
MARRIAGE :IN
Yesterday looming. at 11 o'clock, Lord FoAxcis
Goss, second son,of the Marquis and Marchionebs
Srerrons,„led to the 'hymeneal altar the beauti-
ful Miss Gasest.t.a, daughter of the accomplished
Lady Cuaat.orra Garescue. The ceremony was
performed at-St. George's Church, Hanover-square,
by. the Archbishop of YORK, in the presence or--
!The Duke and Duchess of- Wellington. Duke and Duchess of
Portland, WI and Countess of Surety, Lord George Ben!luck,
Lord John Itentinek, Lady Harriet Dentinck, Marquis and slar.
chignon digt,/ford, Hari Oovrer, Countess of Harroarby and the
Ladles Ryder, Lord Delray,. and Lord Bandon.
After the ceremony the happy couple proceeded in
a new post chariot and four for Strathfield Say, the
seat of the Duke of WELLIIIGTosi, therein intending
to pass the honeymoon. The Bride's dress was mo,t
magnificent.

SPORTING /N 1 ELLIGENCE.

HAMPTON-COURT RACES, (Flux Dat.)—.lctot
Menthe)? Hurst this day exhibited a most pleasing shsw of elem
gaudy dressed females, of beauty and fashion, with splendid
equipage', but by nn means so numerous as on former oacasioes.
The day was particularly favourable, and the seeste was greatly
enlivened by most of the visitors blending with their sporting
visit an aquatic excursion. The subscription for the Gold C.tp
did not hi!, consequently no r.ice for it took place. The only
run was for the Clarence Stakes, which afforded two admirably
contested heats, as follow :

The Clarence Stakes of Five Sovereigns each, with 20 added
from the Racing Fund, for horses of all ages. The winuer to
be sold for 200 sovereigns if demanded, Sep 3syr-okls, 7E.
4-yr-olds, Bst. 41b.; 5 yr-olds, 9it.; 6-yr.olds and aged, 9a.
BM. Mares and geldings allowed 315. Heats, once and a
half round the Course.
Mr. Northey's b. e. Monk, S yrs old
Mr. It. Walker's gr. e. Legal 'render, 4 yrs old
Mr. Colman's b. r. Philip. 6 yrs old
Mr. Braithwaite's I). 11. Cardenio, aged

1 1
• 4 3
- 3 4
- 4 4

Monk made play nearly half the heat, and was pressed by
Legal Tender, when Philip succeeded in getting a-head, Carte-
nio running last, laying by for a long day. There was fine ma-
iling between the three, when Mork won the first heat by two
lengths, in good style. Cardenio agst the field ; 2 to I agat Le-
gal 'render; 2 to 1 agst Monk, aud'S to 1 agat Philip.—The se-
cond heat Cardenio made play, and was followed close at the
heels by Legal Tender, who took the lead, which be was after-
: Wards compelled to surrender to Philip; but within the last half
`mile it was scarcely known to which to g;ve the preference, as
all might have been covered with a sheet; dir,ging and flanking
was the order of the day ; and Monk, rode.by won the
Stakes, beating Cardenio, rode by Dockery. Though Carde-
nio lost the first heat, some were so prepossessed as to bat r. to 1
on him against the field. Prior to tits second heat, the betting
even between Mnnk and Cardenio; 4 to 1 agst Philip; 3 to 1
agst Legal Tender.—Very little betting.
CRICKET:

The Grand Cricket Match in Lord's Ground, between twfs
select elevens of the Mary-13-bonne Cricket Club, was dc.:,;td
on Monday, in favour of Mr. Williams.

Kit. WILLLIKS.
ist Innings -
2d ditto

MR. LI.OTD.

93 lst Innings
56 ^4 di:to

14; I
Mr. IVllianis won by 17 rani.
SAILING MATCH.

--
:211

Wednesday last, the Hussar, a very fast sailing schooner, szikd
round Cowes against the Marquis of ANCLWSriII yacht, the 1'e.::1,
but the latter vessel got in nearly three hours before the 11 ustar.

PEDESTRIANISM.

Richard Sutton, the pedestrian, who is performing the Bar-
clay match, at Milton, is fully expected ttearcomplish the ar-
duous undertaking. Crowds of sicctators repair to Milton daily,
to witness his performance.

go,
er the
ouslj
I.

• • • TILE ARMY. . . . . . .
MINNOW
The 24 itesifiltse of Draaoo•l44ll =lea fiord Vino*OW
oo the 244% Wets" foe Worth llltiwin, whet* they ant 11.1111•4444, Gc
to olive about die 411111 of My.
7, • .
One troop of the 7th Deariest Omer& aserobod Goers path/ of
to-day, for Usoarstcr, where It le espitHted to arrive al the 1 rui
evAirraint.
