THE EARL OF ELDON.

At a General Meeting of the County of Ros 4, held
upon the ISth day of 'October, 1824, it was unanimou ly
resolved, "That the thanks of this county
.be repect-.
fully tendered to the Right honourable Joust, Earl of
ELDON, Lord High Chancellor of 'Great B itain, for the
eminent service he has rem.'ered Scivlaiid, by ap lying
his great talents, and extensive legal knowle.fge, to the
improvement of the forms tinder which the Law is ad-
ministered in our Courts of Justice: a s"rvice forming
a worthy sequel of that unbounded labour and painful
anxiety, bestowed by him ( n decision of cases in
the Supreme Appellate Jarisdiction. which base justly
endelred his name to the people of Scotland." .
To this highly c.implimentary Resolution, his Lord,
ship was pleased, in a leiter to Sir .(,,tares WEmyss
MAL:KENZIE, Batt. Member cf Parliament for the
county, to make the following answer, s hick will be
read with in•eiest, now that the important judicial im-
rovegt.ents alluded of which his Lotd,liip was the
active promoter, are come into active orrati•in:
" MuNn.sy, nivinnitit 1,1824.

" Sin—Upon my return to town on Saturday last, I received
the favour of your letter, enclosing the Resolution of the Free-
holders, Commissioners of Supply, and Justices of the Peace of the
County of Ross.
" It cannot but be very gratifying to me to learn that in their
opinion, I have usefully assisted in the improvement of the Forms
of Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Scotland.
" Throughout the whole of the period in which I have hsd the
honour to preside in the House of Lords, I have. acted under a
very painful apprehension that in the decision of matters depend-
ing upon an accurate knowledge of the Law of Scotland, (and
which ought tdi he decided in strict conformity to that Law) I
might frequently fall into errors, prejudicial to the people of that
country. Tu protect myself and them against the mischief conse-
quential upon such errors, I have deemed it to be my indispensable
duty to bestow upon the decision of Scotch case-s all the labour and
pains I could exert : and it Is a great gratification to me to learn,
that the county of Ross is pleased to record that I have anxiously
endeavoured to discharge that great bu: obvious duty.
" I have the honour to be, with much respect,
" Sir, ytiur obliged Servant, ELDON."
MENDICITY IN THE NETHERLANDS.

According to a Report presented to the Government
in 1814, there were then nearly 700,000 paupers living
scattered about, which, in a population of 5,500,000, is
more than 12-100ths, or 1 in 8. At the end of 1823,
there were, moreover, 31,001 paupers and between seven
and eight hund:ed poorhouse;, at the charge cf the
Government, and forty-two workhouses, in which nnbrei
thin 7,000 arc employed; but the system of colo&xa.
tion has succeeded so we:l, that very soon there will be
no more occasion for these workhouses. There are al-
ready ten colonies (we believe they have b en planted
on the waste lands which are found in the Netherlands),
of which eight are in the Northern Provinces, and two
in the Sout .ern. They contain 600 houses, and be-
tween four and five thousand persons, who have al-
ready brought a peat deal of land under cultivation.
In general these Colonies have succeeded beyond ex-
pectation; they have both sch alls and Cliordies, and
present an appearance of contentment. The number
of poor in the Netherlands leads to a remarkable con-
clusion. If among one hundred individual:, there are
twelve paupers, the latter must be nourished by the re-
maining eighty-eight. But of these not above forty-
four will be males ; but supposing more of the fema:es
work, we must still deduct the children and the aged.
But we must also deduct the Members of Administra-
tion, with all the subalterns of Goseinnielit, the Mill-I
tart', the Clergy, &c. &c. whence we m iy conjecture,
that in one hundred perso--.s there are not twenty-two
who work, and whose labour suffices, thanks to the
felinity of Europe, to industry, and to the perfection of I
machinery.

A diy school for the eflticasion of the children of,
poor British subjects has been lately established in,'
Paris, under the patronage of L•ird and Lady GRAN-
VILLE; it IS to be supported by voluntary contribu-
tions, ani our Ambassador anal his Lady have each
subscribed '251. Almost all the E. iglish families in
Paris have given their support to this institution, the
prospectus of which states that it is formed for the pur-
pose of moral and religious education for the children.
A man named Hodgkinson, a tailor, of Madeley, left
Newcastle out Nonday, in a state o: intoxication, by the
9cw &oath, c.41*,1 the " Alliance," on his way to Lon-
doe. When the coach leached Can well gate, the un-
tprtunitta man, losing his equilibrium, tell from the top,
and was instantly lolled.
_ •

The number ni students in the University of Gott in-1
gcn, has diminished this halt year 104. Or the 1545
!rtio atieaded last lt,tlf }e,r, 470 have quitted; par(
voluntarily, and pat tin conss:quence of injitric ions from
the tribunal of the University. Tne number of new stu-
dents is at present 575, in all 1441, above halt of
whom ate loreignets, including esen sonic Antetirans.
A Gentlem All of Stafford, a short time ago, forwarded
a quantity of fine ;toil; pies and some 61-awn by the
Chester mail ; unforumately, the very day a lot of con-
victed felons wee travelling to the hulks ley the same
conveyance. Tywar is evening, these worthies, whose
scent hid ben impros e and whose appetites had
been sharpened by the d ty's rid.., dis:evered and de-
voured the savoury vi end, which were intended as a
luzuriou.s relish for more dainty palates, and a Christ-
mas present / r more !slued friends.
The Slave Trade is still.carried on, with notoriety, in
the outposts of France. The port of Nantes appears
pre erni:lent in this infamous traffic in slaves, which is
talked of openly on 'Change, like any other. The faci-
lity and security have so far increased, that the rate of
insurance has fallen from thirty-five and thirty-six to
twenty-five per cent. and these insurances are termed
insurantes of honour!" They have ev..n abandoned
the slang in which this infamous traffic was hitherto
veiled, and talk of it in plain terms. What is more,
the devotees have the hypocrisy to engage in it under
pretence of converting the negroes—public function-
aries vest capital in other hands for the purpose, and
even calling themselves friends of freedom, do not
blush to owe tht it fortunes to the slavery of their fel-
low-creatures. On a moderate calculation, the number
of vessels at Nantes alone, engaged in the Slave Trade,
is no less than eigitty7—and the ship owners increase the
number of their acomplices, by making the ship-
builders, and the workmen themselves—the carpenter,
the sail-maker, the rope-maker, the smith—,owners of
small shares in the illegal and infamous adventure. An
eye-witness of the highest credit, who has just visited
Nantes, reports from his own observation no lets than
eleven slave vessels in ;readiness or preparation ; and
states, as efact beyond question, that fifteen had sailed
with the same destination a few dais before. Vessels,
palpably fitted up for the conveyance of slaves, were to
be teen its the sbip-huilders yards, and lying in the
river publicly for sale. This was not all. The hand
cuffs, the iron fetters, the thumbscrevis, destined for the
refractory limbs of the tortured negroes on board, were
to be seen by hundreds in the forges.

PLLICE INTELLIGENCE;

ad
GUILDHALL
An offence which, though not of unfrequent occurrenck
will probably, from the cessation in the course of a few dill of
thihgehcodguntivizsanre of Sir Cit.sat.as FLowast, the sitting Aldermanvide', soon become. an unusual one, tamest"
Jrihn Marsden was charged With assisting in a private dicto,,,
which it is understood bat been carried on fot upwards of —ll
yeari, at Nn. 17, King's Head-court, Shoe-lane. Hint
Fast, a principal officer of P.xcise, stated morning cunsenat.,
of
Finale ihrormaaion, he went yesterday gon
with Lindsay, another officer, to the house in question; err;
having obtained admission without difficulty, he found the prim—
in the back parlour filling some casks with water, and attend
still which was then charged with spirit-wash of the strengtald
low wine. There were two.stills on.the premises, which am,
roomy ; one capable of holding abput sixty gauona_the
twenty gallons. He found in all about two hundred gauct7,
*wash, and twenty of raw spirit. fise quantity of spirit muc'b
could be produced on these premises, amounted at least to.onehau:
dred gallons per week.
The prisoner paced across the bar in a state of great
and said in his defence, that he expected no lenity; that he
ee',
the servant only of another individual, and had no per.onal inter:
whatever in the concerti. lie need not, he said, reveal the name
of his employer, as that was probably well known to the gad,
man already.
East replied, that be-did not charge the prisoner with being the
proprietor of, but merely an assistant in the distillery.
Sir CU% RUCS FLOWiII adjudged the prison.:r to p.y f,
1t
in default, to be confined fin six months in the !lout: u:
met ion.

:r—
fine looking old nun, a pensioner
BO W-STR P. ET.
Henry Tkorp was brought before Sir Ric/tate BIRNIC, charged
wi
jttitephehfcbolliumghinumg 7abbegenryukable
of the Guards, whose wife carries on a little business as a I,undress,
at Kensington, was driving a truck laden with some hulidle-,which
he had been fetching front his wife's costumers, through Knights-
bridge, soon after five o'clock on Monday rutting, at which time
there was a very dense fog, when the prisoner ran agatrht t!te poor
fellow with so much violence, as almost to knock down, ar.d
snatching a bundle front the truck, ran away with it. The proce.
rotor called out " Stop thief !" which was all he could do, Nirs
too feeble to attempt a pursuit himself. The prisoner w.s "
by arvaal persons, who kept up the cry of " Stop th.tr br.,: 04
fog favoured him, and tliey lost sight of him. Ash.
corner of a lane leading from Notting Hill to
however, he was met by a man named Ball, a 5h0ttu,,,,,4
hearing a confused noise at a lade distance, asked him tv4.%
the matter? and he replied, that " some person had knotkea
Gentleman's hat elf." Ile was then panting for breath, and tht
shoemaker seeing that be hid a bundle, suspected that somethil,
more than the knocking off the hat had taken place, and stoma
td detain the prisoner. It was Well discovered in what nuts/ Le
had become possessed of the bundle.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence, and he sea. his
committed (or trial.

-----------
Yesterday, John Jacobs alias the Hon. Covt. Hamilton, waibresgb
up from the King's Bench Prison, in custody, before the skein; is.
gistrate, L. 13. Axidtm, F.sq. for a final examination, &age:4*A
having contracted a marriage with Miss Anne Fi!zgerald, his for-
mer wife, Dorothea Donovan, being still alive. • The prisma, it
will be recollected, has also a third wife living, named I:mica Vi.
talk Buspaldi, by whom the present proceedings were instituted
Iltr evidence, however, will not be required on the trial of thepri.
sonrr, es he will be indicted for having contracted tuarrilewitis a
secopd wife, his former wife being still alive. At It o'clock all
parties interested in the else arrived at the office. His first and
third wives were present ; the moment the former caught a glimpse
of him, she fell into violent hysterics, and was obliged to be ialasa•
diately conveyed from the room, out of his presence. Jacobi, epos

seeing the unfortunate woman, betrayed veil great pertur baties`st
mind, and seemed deeply affected.
The examination of Elisabeth Eyre to establish the first nu:.
riage of the prisonet. with Dorothea Donovan was then taken.
was to the following effect :—She recollected the martiage of .Iv 6
Jacobs, the prisoner, with Miss 1). Donovan, of Cove, in to
' County of Cork, but could not say the year or month it took pin
Upon the morning of the marriage, Miss Donovan sent fur wit
ness's daughter to attend the ceremony as bridesmaid W.
permitted ber daughter to be present. During the celebration '
ness was taken seriously ill, and in consequence she was obliged t
send for her daughter. This circumstance of her being Moot
impressed the marriage strongly upon bee'rnemory. The year fol-
lowing, witness added, she gave birth to a son, .-he is now twelve
years of age. The certificate of the marriage of the prisoner wttb
his first wife was here produced, l•F which it appeared that
solemnisation of it took place in' the p.trish 'church of Coe, in tiT
county of Cork, on the 6th April, 18:5.
Mr. Harmer here submitted, that the prisoner's mAtri
Miss Donovan was cleat ly proved to have becn performed
that with Miss Fitzgerald, and intintateci to the Ilagistrate
bad adduced suffitient evidence to send the prisoner to trial.
Thelarisainer's solicitor here asked- the witness whether fbekler
of what refigiop Miss Donovan was?—Witness replied O.:: th_:
Lady was a member of the Church of England.
Solicitor—And do you know of what 'persnasion is M. Jact'e?
—Witness. No; I cannot tell.
• The Magistrate then folly coßtmitted the prisoner for trial rte
present Assizes, and the witnepses immediately prozeeded to ICIC•
sten, in order to prefer the Wore the breaking up of tls
Grand Jury. The prisoner was taken to the county gaol.

The Rev. Clark., Aluntmery, convicted at the lat
Northumberland Assizes, of stealing in a dwelling-
house at North Shields, has been sent from the hulksto
New South Wales.
In a hedge near Elvet Moor House, about a mile
from Durham, there is at present a Black Cap's 'N,4
with eggs in it nearly hatched.
Thursday List, Mrs. FRANCII, and Mr. FRANCIS,
jun. the Lady and son of SAMUEL FRANCIS E tl.
Franks, in Worley, Essex, were riding in a chaise,
when the horse made a sudden start, occasioned by t.e
voice Off the hounds then fast approaching them; Mr.
FRANCIS restrained the animal sufficiently to efinb!ebis
mother to alight with safety, but the hunt a.lnins in-
:tautly crossing the road, with the hounds in full CI,
all the exertions of Mr. FaAlicis were unavailing. Tie
horse was shortly after going at full speed. when
Hr.
FRANCIS most miraculously e.caped by tl.e hind part is
the chaise, and providentially without injury..
THE Two Durcusesna.—Two Dutchmen, not log
since, had occasion to go to a blacksmith's on busisff
and finding the smith absent from the shop, they one'
chided to go to the house; having reached the dour,
said one to the other. " Come Haunse you as about die
smit." " Nain, slam,' said the other, " but you can tell
so better as I can, yell den so I knocks." The 'sisal"
of the house came to the door. Haunse then inquirecl',_
"Is de smit mitin r 64 Sir I" said the woman Is nu
smit mitin ?" 44 I cannot understand you," said tls!
woman ; Haunse then bawled out " Vet de de debit, 1
say is de smit mitin r The other Dutchman, perceiving
that the woman could not understand HaunseotetsPesi
op and pushed him aside, and said, " Let a man come
up what can say something :—ls de plack smit shoe
de noose r—Middleton (um.) Gasette

DIED.
On the 25th ult. at Torquay, Devon, Phoebe, wife of olificso.
Kirkland, Esq. late of Teddiagton Grove, in the cosh
divan.

*AILS...TIM DAI.
Asa. we
1 0 Pram*
1 0 Ilasiaurik
O 1 Illestlln
O 0 Booms Aires
O 1 I Mimics
O 0 Brasil
•• LAsmamil Iffiods

Au.
0
