80.11771 -AMERICA.

BUENOS AYRES, MARCH 20.
PEOCLANIATION OF THE GoVEENNIENT.
Some time has elapsed since the general will of the
people to become free was pronounced in the most
sokinit and expressive manner. Ministers of the most
insolent despotism,. whose violence and rapines have
disturbed our felicity, under the pretence-of assuring
to Spain her rights, seek to retain us, constantly bow-
ed down under the enormous weight of that }eke,
and to make us still publicly bear the stamp of the
seal of slavery. Although morals woe debased, so-
cial virtues depreciated, and vices, as it were, en-
throned amongst us, we have, notwithstanding, re.
coveted our primitive dignity and character,' over
coming obstacles which could yield only to heroism
acid patriotism. While we believed that Spain might
yet disengage herself from the bonds which the most
cunning, perfidious, and poWerful of tyrants had fas-
tened around he:, our innate loyalty still induces us
to bear that chain which we have hitherto so pain-
fully dragged but, as soon as we were informed that
Spain was gradually sinking, and that nothing now
remained bet the memory of her past glory, a sacred

flame was kindled in our breasts, and bestowed on us
that fortitude which the recovery of our rights re-
quired. In the short space of nine months we beheld
our tyrants pursued like wild beasts, and our triumphs,,
extended from the shores of the Rio de la Plata to
the Banks of the Desaguadern. But, Citizens, these
proofs of yolour would .be but an ephemeral
splendnur, if, satisfied with your triumphs, ytni al-
tealy sheath yr.ur swords. No, Citizens, the temple
of bats is not yet open, and we have still great sa-
• &likes to make,in order to complete this grand work.
• ‘'.:-.Spain, you well know it, in her last agonies be-
iathed to the Marshal de Campo Don Irancisco
IL:slier Elio her spirit of tyranny. This proud man,
,eppOinted Viceroy of these Provinces, and. aided by
the European rebels of haughty Monte Video, has
had the irrsolenceto declare war upon us, and threat.
ened to inundate, in blon4 those Provinces which
Might to be respected as she best asylum of fugitive
libet ty, Nothing is an impediment to, the plans of a
tyrant; it is of little importancrto himio break the
roost sacred bonds, if it should be necessary, in order
to satisfy Isis ambition. Cities burnt, towns destloy-
- it.a.bied zitl:leeding. bodies, are but in.
'sear( of tt Despot,- who.

. . . •

. -

FROM SATURDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

DOWNING MEET, JUNE 11.

A diapatcli, of which the following is a Copy, wasyon the 6th in-
_pant, received at Lord Liverpool's Office, addressed to his
Lord►hip by Lieutenant-General Viscount Wellington, dated
„Elvas, '4th May, 1811.
MY LORD—Since I addressed you on the 22d inst.
I have received reports that Matshal Souk had reti-
red to Llerena ; and the N and 7th divisions having
arrived at Campo Mayor, I have given directions that
Iladajoz may be closely invested on the right of the
Guadiana to-morrow, and I propose forthwith to re-
commence the operations of the siege.
I learn from Castile, that Marshal Massena, Gene-
rals Juliet, Loisan, and °diet s had set out for France,
I and that the three corps de armee, the 2d, 6th, and
; Bth, had been formed into six division:, still called
the army of Portugal, having for its Commander-in-
Chief Marshal M.trmont, and General Regnier as
second in command.

Marshal Sir William Beresford reports, that the
greatest number of the officets and men returned
missing, in the_action of the, 16th instant, have re-
joined their regiinents.
I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) _
WELLING row.

ADMIRALTY OFFICE, JUNE 8.

Extract of a letter from Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, Bart. Co-
mmander in Chief of kis Mkjesty's ships and vessels in the Me-
diterranean, to John Wilson Croker, Esq. dated on board the

Sao Josef. at Mahon, the Bth March.
You will receive herewith for the information of the Lords
Commissioners of the Admiralty, Copy of a letter from Captain
Eyre, the Senior Officer off Corfu, to Rear-Admiral Boyles, dated
the 10th ult. giving an account of the capture, on the evening of
the 6th, of an enemy's convoy from Otranto, with stores. provi-
sions, and troops, for the garrison of Corfu, the latter upwards
of five hundred in number. Captain Eyre also mentions, in a
letter of the 13th of February, that four more vessels, one laden
with shot'and the other corn, had also fallen into his hands,
which make in the whole thirty sail, but he has not transmitted
any list.

Ills Majesty's ship Magnificent, off Fano, Feb. 10.

SlR—The enemy having long been without any
favourable opportunity of sending from the Italian
ports supplies to Corfu, availed himself of a strong
northerly wind on the evening of the 6th inst. when
twenty-five vessels sailed from Otranto, twenty-two
of which I have the satisfaction to inform you were
captured by this squadron ; one of them a vessel of
100 tons, was loaded with ordnance stores, and an-
other of the same size with every article of sails, cor-
dage, and ammunition proper for the equipment of
twenty-five gun vessels.
The rest were loaded with Corn, and having also
on board three hundred and fifty soldiers intended as
a reinforcement for the garrison of Corfu.
I am happy to add to the list four more vessels
with corn, which were captured last night,
I have the honour to be, &c: (Signed)

GEO. EYRE

MILITARY PROMOTIONS.

Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the
County of Radnor:
Fredric Jones,Esq. to be Deputy-Lieutenant. May 98,18G0.
John Cheesement Severn, Esq. to be ditto. Dated Fth. P, 1811.
Commissions signed by the . Lord Lieutenant of
the County of Lincoln.
Stamford Regiment of Lincolohire Local Militia.
Stephen Eaton, Esq. to be Captair. Dated May ss, 1811.
Robert Newcomb. Gent. to be Lieutenant. Dated May 10,1811.
Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the
County of Norfolk.
Sd Western Regiment of Norfolk Loyal Militia.
Graves, Esq. to be Major, vice Tyssen, resigned. Dated
May 90,1811.
Hugh Rump, Gent. to be Lieutenant, vice Harvey, resigned.—
Dated as above. .
Joseph Everard, Omit. to be Ensign. Dated as above. •
Commissions signed. by the Lord Lieutenant of th.
County of Ayr.
Ski RexiftEit of Ayrshire Local Militia.
Ensign James 16ith ty be Lestessesteise ltetd) tislinell. Ds-
tad Itq V, !SI%
