tiacteci the unqualified admiration of
L House. ~liithie4ery important and difficult
r-ott• • .
.„
1i9Y419e,r1104(1e da.llll 5 1111,:1.1"1.1!f.
lb polars% • Op *lb! 4104,41 44,
Orilloale :degree, the over,.. aitiipine
oft dse etlielOhey had
die tifiiitltlii.X.-colOi4sts'' •iteipett
human nature, arhitli, if not 'alwifs
by the laws' and tenure of social I-

colonies too'grievously outriged; digit

also to be gradually-cleared' away before that sullen
vis inertia of opposition, which they manifeit in their
aversion to
.all and every species of reform can bti
surmounted.. Improvements in the moral condition of
the slave are by no means incompatible with the con.
tinuation of slavery. Those proposed byGovernment seem
to us, we confess, not only reasonable in themselvt s, but
also directly calculated to augment the value of the bond-
man's services, and thus to benefit the masters. The
latter, however, are tot as yet of that opinion—and it
is but just and necessary that time should be afforded
'them to make such experiments as may gradually
promote the substantial objects' in view. Very gre.st
facilities would be afforded for the improvement
of the negro population, by leaving, as now pro
' posed, the reforms to the Colonial Legislatures them-
'selves. Seeing that some of the more prejudiced.
,would, by the exaniple of others more liberal, be old.
,nratell converted to the side of humanity; and in this
view the conduct of Government is founded on sobeti
practical wisdom. Another trial is to be made in.i
the Colonial Assemblies, of the measure heretofore re.
commended, in the hopes of obtaining large: concessions
than.they live yet been disposed to make in favour of
the slave pnptilation. If that trial should fail, a dis-1
tinot intimation is given of the intention of P.rliament
to interfere. But we earnestly hopt. that- such inter.
ferente will be delayed till the last moment; it being a
measure of such importance, that we should wish its
probable consequences on the future tranquillity of, the
Colonies,• to be well osidbred, before it is resorted to.
At a late hour we totelvestihe Etoile of yesterday, by
Express. It contains a long and desultory discussion
in the Chamber of Deputies on a Pdtition presented by
Sieur RIBAUDIEU, against the time bargains in the
public funds which are made on 'Change. •
The ktoik contains an account of the progress of the
funeral cortege of the Emperur ALECANDIpt towards
Sc. Petersburgh, which.everywhere was met by.a great
crowd of people, anxious to prove their love for their
Sovereign. '

On the 28th of January the procession 'arrived at
Kourak, where the Cbutda bad_ .prepared, with great
care, for the ceremony; bet the greatest ornament was
an inscription taken frills the letter of the Empress
ELIZABILTH, " Our Angel k in Heaven."

A change in : the Spanid, Ministry,
rand • a report of
the death of the likaispietotakilittszote, are Doti contra-
-I,dicted io the f.toifie. •

rir.-.

ibis Willa-49 sig,tkityak Aosta:in
,Oizerver to
the 18th ult. it enatains•set■e intelligence from Greece

*ad turkey. Thetrrodepirates ate said to respect no

Itarqr nation, and that the Government at Napoli di
Remkaia has neither the power nor the inclination to
,
justice to' the complaints of this evil. The Greek
Journals amain. an account of IBRAHIM PACHA'S ex-
pedition agatnsf &lona, in January last, in which be
appears to have done much damage, taking and burn
ing above thirty ve.sel . According to the latest ac-
counts received at &lona, by General DRAKO, the
SuvrAw, enraged at the flight of his troops from Salona,
on the 6th of November last, had ordered SULTSA
SORTSIA and his son to be beheaded.

The Calcutta Government Gazette of the 3d of Oc-
tober gates, that dispatches had been received from
Brigadier,General Sir A. CAMPBXLL, at Prome, dated

die 19th of September, stating that the troops continued
healthy at Prome, and the sick returns Were daily
improving. At Rangoon, all apprehensions of an
attack hid subsided. The following are the terms of
the armistice, concluded on the 17th of September, with
the first Minister of Asa :
4. Ist. Cessation of hostilities frog, the date of theilimietke, to
the 17th of October.
2d. The fint Minister of the Xing, with full powers, will meet
the lkitish authorities fully qualified by their Government,‘ half
way between the two armies, on the 2d of October, to enter into

begociatieus forth re.ettablishment of peace and amity. •
"W. A fire of demarcation to be drawn between the ewe armies,
commencing at Comma, on the western bank of the Irawoddy,
and continuing along the road to Thongo. The respective parties
engaging to prevent their troop passing the said line, sod further
„giving assurance, that all detachments shall be.imiwediately malted,
to their own ski& sNoforwari movement to boatede by litter
army before the lab of October. this,
" 4th. Two Officers from each army tamest es the 23d of Sep..
wearer, to mark of the ground for the encampment of the respeo.,
tire Chiefs, and to make arrangements preparatory to the meeting
of the Commissioners.
" Rh. The &ate of the first Minister absolutely aequiriog that
he shall not more without a train of 500 men with fire arms,. and
sots with swords; the British Commander will be attended by ea
equal number should he deem It expedient."

Letters from Cadiz state that great fear is entertained
for the safety of Cuba. The (issuer° man of war) and
a corvette, had sailed for drat Island. •
Letters from Madricrof the 16th Feb. awe, thi,i the
Council of State has made a new report to the ittige,l
representing that it would be necessary to disband the
Army of the Line, and to substitute in its stead the
Royalist Volunteers, also to put of foot all tli pro
vincial
•
In our fourth page will:be pult!A? g.pinf.cir the
Committee of inquiry into the 'bat cu shat
Petenburgh, as publibbed by the Rosismil ctint73o,,tetir.
wt have also in mast+ volosigni inititsaPirain.a: Scotch

. .

A 11.:.

ion, years.
Gazelle of the Kurian Smote coritnins an Ukase,
ay which the EMPkROR decrees, that the Palace of
Oranienbaum, with all the •il!ages, farms; god ether
dependencies, which are t!ie personal property of the
Emperor ALEXAND6R, of glorious armory, shall
henceforth be the property of ber Majesty the Eropass
ELIZABEiIi, his widow.

7. • .• '

- The EMPRROR has 'c nferred, honours nn some regi-
ments remArkahle f ,r• their fidelity, and has made the,
private soluier who, discovered the conspirator Kucnac-
BECICaR, at Warsaw, an-Ensign in the Invalids of the
tivatd, with% bounty 'of 1,000 rubles., .'s

, encillegga,
4 pom, when I tell lon
being *boot a Month st
-.• Matter a Bowan . —.....sistilOial tale
a asibiehrisse -.00 label la forarrath
4 stesei 4i a beraimeotood 14044,414 'Oak
wr.et‘ IWO this moment seis4;r4ntett the groa-WatiFi'
siui goblenian, a passenger, t'retniiie"' Thq itfi
neur way three dais before doe. tettione larikused: ctinig *-
tows of a entitner-rannianon .In • Soda • Mad Irsikloolt pislissi
that place. Nsonou.s. With sdoitrtbe 'Ogle' Nohalto
adherents, assasskit.ited or shoe, nexArnss :win pi
Emperor. if will be long befog an kit% PAtlnConinte
daily, and as 'k seeds to be viltimithentitokustArdlafklbiferelkso,
be hitch-gang." • • : t..,,..41,11 I la'', Illftf ri
ef.,„--........

lop iterf,oulS•MlX •
siOrtffilioX

The depot at in ytit ttiot biiipAiriiiiiitierifatelainithi..
chesttr to Plymouth. ' ' " ' q ' "
The depot of tie Nth Not odeinsosii 110, dinis,frool Rea
Cumberland on the 27th OfsFebruttle and will write it Thallielat
the 3 4th of Mara.
Twenty-fire rectults have joined the 75th net at Rewryihtiti•
the. last week. . . r ' •).. • trolls,t
(COPY.) at: Olt ,O• e 50,07) ostt

THE ARI.Y.

n. .

• r-

imaa:r►.ei

113k1

TO OXStioarn stridatatatwo. •i• j
flit Royal Highdess the Commander In Chief has boon okayed
to direct that the rate of compastsatlon to the public fof, thael4-
charge of a cavalry soldier, shall from this tittle be 4,14 at thirty
isyrlar
pounds, instead of twenty, as !sacred.
Mffned) HENRY TO*W&d
Hone Goods, February tit, 1526. nt,

'Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the Ametp aid
Gaiety-
and City Of Gioutester, and in the County mid %gilt
:Royal South ploactster Militia Editard Weigh`,Eeil
ar r
Captato, Vice Welsh resigned. .T. .11: Art it l°
• . . t.. to Y flolirilita .
1101.8 AT BiA,COLRIVIts .1681
Wif
, : rtes? inv.,'
,
M
' :t•A l Clt
acclestield, T:sesdaly,*.44lgilt tissa.it
Thisheing the .mark.t-dAy. the strict: were ore
than usually crowded. The Mayor has biteeemployed
pearly the whole of the morning. in srearieg in special
constables, to the number of nearly itOPs Mush 'Elai,-
chief was done last night. About half-past eight
o'Clock the mob commenced breaking get-lamps,. ex-
tinguishing fthe lights, and smashing windows. In the
mai ket-pl Ice several of the houses were smirch damaged,
particulatly the Angel Inn and the Bull's Head... A
Title before nine o'clock the rioters proceeded in a body
down. Mill-street, and stopping at the shop of. Mr.
Rnweon, baker, demanded breaJ. The premises being
closed, an attack was made on the shuttees„ and the
shop forced—a gseat quantity of bread sees stolen from
is. They then went to the shop of Mr.J.Ohnson, baker,
a little lower down, where the same scene was acted,
and greater less sustained. The shop of a poor vinlqw
who sells provisions was the next object of attackond
here they made booty of eight or ten loaves,) roand.of
beef, ato, At Mr. Johnson's and Mr. Rowsmiach9p:
the window: fumes were literally broken down;aind
the bread was handed out by those who.eisterekthe
shops to those. in the went, _ln Parsolest-graen )11::ahe
' windows in alunimat: of stir, Ne.vitxges .11901 e *are
completely densolithed,, Mr... Dean and Mr.",*,ilde,
two respectable tradesmen, were knockedVOtin b ,the
mob and robbed of their watches and cash, ,A. t
nine o'dockorshen most of the gai lights Were e& in.
s r
,anisbed, the speciaLpOostables, about forty in a)sentier,
rcedly the petrol,. mods a grand charge, on the
who instantly ' fied ip all. directions, leaving' , two
irincipairingleaders. in the hands of thefoslice.
name* ate Thomas Wilkinson, a silk-lifter, "and
ine Q'tif4n,., a labourer, who has been kept, in
nt. wOilks,ald consequently had no cause of Om.
t, like:,many 'thousands in the town. They Were
,both identified as being the principal " operatives* in
Mr. Johnson's and Mr. Rowson's shops. Tbet esere
examined this morning in the Guildhall, sad Bally
committed to Chester• Castle, to take their trial's: toe ti
capital felony and robbery.
At a late hour last night an express Was sent off to.
Manchester; and this morning, before seven o'clock, a
squadron of the 6th or Enniskillen Dragoons, marched
in under the orders of Major Eckertley, Brigade Major
on the staff of the .rEstrict. The streets have been
crowded with idle people throughout the day. but•their
proceedings have been confined to a parade, and pklting
each other with filth. A strong patrol will be fit the
alert tonight, and a military guard.
I subjoin a bill published by the ComMittee Woßetta-
tives. It is really creditable to their nrilleistatkhjand
evinces a thorough right feeling :
IV THE SILK WEAVIRS, OLIMMitiVe ts.gre
GI bik ' 1-.1
4, Brother Tratiesoten,—We, tite'CoronililitallfilliftliEf res
'hasten to uprose our entire disappmbetioik of ebehilehnoetpenered.
ings of last nips, at a time when else Ilffits4b/1101***
have used every exertion to 'Seely., 0t7_17-nea elm of
opinion that such a line of conduct is akin o klitit dis-
perse, because Wristlet appear to every ooh as entirely 'lldrile, Vb.
Misty, ungratefol, and of a nature calculated to blinirthr believe-
lilt feelings of these who have so ilbertilly deftest theemetws to.
wards a starving mulattos. We consider it snits* dp revenge
public injuries nu private individuals; and we also csee it se au
act of the blackest logratitude to return their repeatedlitithiese by
acts of violence. At the same time, we ash well eenviseedi that
the late disturbance is the act of rash inceeeiderate youth, and
not file sufferimg put of our fellow-tradestnen. WA theothore re.
commend to you, however great your distresses May be, to bear -
adversity with patience—to commit as acts of violence Misstep's to
your neighbour, and in no way whatever to distaff the public
peace; but bear up against your sopersasisd dbmests with 'shred.
tude that will do credit to you as isstellipet own, and emit yew.
selves, as fathers of familia, to preserve. he public.peate aa far as
possible.—Signed by the Committee
" Leacher &At**, William Hall*, Thomas Copsi Bain gel
Robinson, John Ryte, Samuel Gasbell, John Bltdst, Alen.
ander Douglass, William Parker, Williams- Prost, Jobs /*slog-
ten, Thomas Dailey, Thomas lifellot—Joitn Prout, Skeretare."
This bill has had a very good drew, and is read with diner&
nary avidity.
The special constables assembled at the Midmost about Iteltpast
six *Welt; an Immense multitude was enervated in the market-
place, assd the same symptoms which were manifested lasi eight
pretested themselves. At seam o'clock the constables tet the
Ouildhall, and proceeded towards the Hotel, dispersing the rllO4l,
chi;Sy boys and idle men, In every direction. The multitude,
however, is again congregated, and great excitation predijs. 1
am (whit Ye night will not pass over without some dialialtanee.

„..

NORTHUMBERLAND COUNTY ELICTION.—AI ARAI"!
of the Poll cm Tuesday afternoon, the numbers were as
Mr. lActoeu., 1073 ; Mr. lizta., 1065. Majority is range atkle.
Liooeu., a.
The last account of the Enterptiiie India stoma-
packet was by letter, dated the 19th of Itimreesliertithich
stated she had been spoke to, too days previolisodif the
Isle of France. •
• The charge for collecting, the taxa of the United
tin/dont, including 'rebind, fit the Asst yeas, amonnted
scl windy four millions.

• -
of 311 sides of the' tiapei, a report of the topers's( NW/10iAs barring Ir6n ASPORTEEi AggASStNATiCei OF tin!
'Molt discussion; aiiieithitedilmatiiisitliovesy .infiatioet is iodate/04d :------4......11W-MR Or wissiA•
• .. ......,„. -7- ...-- - .... ip
e raid iisitioits tax IStr (111*IN*Cli ffaihvgo' l'kerabis; fit ilt. asilei4Shi ,i;• •' . f''. '' '.-et .s Istassi • ' ' . • 0
,k 4 . 0N95,01:4.! :Pikery4hivaie,'lV h" fiat tea 6)-siiiitel,bk:i' tatilifig • gawbe:4lokihoorateobano ~ '
1
asst *,ti gaik
ne ardosir, if rib k,,,,(450Q14,944e G' fn, thiotitf.,„ 1.,
_.
._,, ~ ivaiZettapitunkft., altZgrreadjtirlakeetweii
r had to stilinasil ,bold is wese,Oit 41 \fensoll:34., lisikik Ali - 1.11 ils veraelty et ks anstsib. ' • 1 ~,, ' • - .1; r!r .5,
et The sigists.:lo "sin has elisted4orsetetil t 'arid' Gtent stresi 6 let .
,le,„, ~„„ .w...atiiii,„ToPotilr. Fro, sio. . Pawir4.-
,ly a in 'fitk,"ll44 611.11ssr Sire,* •Asseciatierot ishieft,•seetts to htee'bieri . y Ibis POO4 wilco ..,
fell lass dui , ._. : 1144^.. 141
Institutions in sal More krtirnatelii It Issia I. in 'other' countries, in firifterlasskinaasn'Rassalsweassisrmr.ismsa klitk4' , ' Dn'inr.se,liiir
keit prejudice, Iss4 e gaping detection, if.thy harse,etisieti for ten years. vl.af__ the tote ot ambidesink Is din Island of 4krarapopl!
before that sullen The Gazette of the kies..hul :rnate. emu:tins an Misr, .r2i.s." /It., s, "is*/ is. a is.sr,`P—lsisssi o.3lrkriCtll;r_Ml
