PLYMOUTH, DECEMBER 9.

Another cartel sailed yesterday for Morlaix, with
•
sick and aged French prisoners.
The SNAPPER schooner, which arrived here on Fri-
day, was near foundering in a gale, on her passage
from Basque-roads ; she threw her guns overboard.
The Windsor Castle packet, in coming up harbour,
on Friday, ran foul of a trading sloop, carried away
her cat-water, and did her other damage : the packet
was also damaged, and is gone into Frank's Quarry
to repair. L'Atma frigae, the sailing of which for
-Malta I noticed in my bfft, could not collect more
than 14 of her original convoy, the rest were dispersed
by the gale which drove back l'Aiour., and are sup-
posed to have stood on their course without convoy.
—Sailed the Adventure packet, with mails for Ame-
rica.—Came up harbour to rear, the CONSTANT gun-
brig.

PORTSMOUTH, DECEMBER O.
Arrived his Majesty's ship HOPE from a cruises
'and the VICTORY man of war from the Downs.
His Majesty's ship OwEtt OLE NDOWZR is ordered to be fitted
for foreign service at this port, with the utmost dispatch.—The
SelloutLy cutter, Lieutenant GARLAND, has put back with this
lon of her rudder, having run foul of the GOSHAWK, at sea.—.,
Friday the CA LCDONIA , with the nag of Sir -Ham BURRAR.
Nowt a, arrived here from off Rochfort. Same day, Sir H. 11:
NaRLE struck his nag, and went from the Fountain Inn to his
seat, Roebampton, near Lymington.—The LAVINIA gives sailing
instructions to the trade bound to Portugal, Cadiz, and the Me-
diterranean. The SPITFIRE gives sailing instructions to the West
India trade, and will join the NAIA D in Yarmouth Roads.—The
Leicester transport is now fitting out in the River, to take three
Commissioners of the Custom to the different ports in the West
Indies, we understand, to examine into the state of the different
offices under that Board, in all the Islands. She is to he fitted for
defence, with 10 guns, and to be commanded by a Lieutenant of
the Royal Navy.—Wind Westerly.
DEAL, DECEMBER to.
Wind South, blows hard. We hive experienced
a very heavy gate to-day from the Sothward, but
the shipping in the Downs have not suff.,red in the
least, except an American brig, who parted ant ran
for Ramsgate Pier ; she ran foul of the Thames. Cap.
tain CLARICE, but did her tie damage.—Four o'clock
p. m. the wind has got more to the Westward, and
considerably abated ; five o'clock, quite moderate.

FROM LLOYD'S LIST.

GRAVF.6IEND,D6C. M.—Arrived the Litly Carrington, Atkin-

son, from Calciitta.—Nothing sailed.
ARRIVED-At Dover, the Phsenix. Ostle, from Jamaica;
Commerce, Stephens, from Virginia; Minerva, °eclat, from Ma-
deira; Beatrix, Wood, from Quebec; and Onyx., Walker, frmss
Surinam. In the Channel, Jahn, late Woodhouse, from Jamaica.
At Liverpool, Apollo, from New-York; Fingal, Davis,
from Virginia; Pomona, --, from New Orleans; Florida, El-
kins ; and Mary, Taylor, from Savannah ; Dart, Hodgson, from
Oporto; Susannah, —, from Para; Jane, Scallion, from Ja-
maica; and Emerald,',Chippendale, from Charlatan.
LEITH, DECEMBER 6.

Friday his Majesty's ship EGERIA, Captain Hots.,
sailed from Leith Roads for Sheerness, with a convoy
of six sail. Same day sailed his Majesty's brig GLucE-
STADT for Gottenburgh, with a convoy of 30 sail.
Friday night, a boy belonging to a vessel in the
New Dock, in going aboard fell into the dock, and
was drowned. -
Sunday night, about eight o'clock, a tide-waiter
going on board of a vessel below the New Bridge.
tell between the vessel and the pier, and was drowned.
The Alpha of Greenock (stated in Lloyd's List to
have been found at sea with no person on board) has
arrived at Greenock, all well.
GREENOCK, DEC. 7.

The Favourite. Gray, arrived here from Que'oec,
in six weeks, left loading the following vessels for
Clyde —Neptunns, Neil; Severn, Elmes ; Jean Dun-
lop, Lincoln ; Nancy, Colston ; and Ocean, *Ewan.
A fleet of 200 sail was to sail from Quebec for Eng-
land on the 28th October. The following vessels :a--
rived on Wednesday—the American shiiMicsissippi,
from Charleston, after a tedious passage of '2 months;
the Amphitrite, of Halifax, Izatt, from Pictou in 35
days, spoke, on the 25th ult. in lat. 51. long. 28. the
I brig John, of Sunderland, from Quebec, bound to
Dublin, out 33 days, all well; left the Neptune, Reid,
loaded for Aberdeen ; the Jean, of Bo'ness, Mitchell,
for Grangemouth ; and the ship Caroline, of and for
Donaghadee, all to sail next day—brig Most, Vic-
cars, of and for Liverpool, loading, and to s, it in
about two weeks. The Hope, Duncan, from Quebec,
sailed thence 26th October. The following is an ex-
tract of a letter by this vessel, dated the 25th—°" We
have had bad weather lately. The Trio, of Liver-
pool, is wrecked below—Maria, of Dundee—a schoo-
ner, from Jamaica and Halifax—and another ship
and schooner are reported to be lost."—Diana, Cur:
rie, from Newfoundland, in 22 days, and brings the
following information regarding the Clyde vessels
from St. John's—Thornton's, M,Dougall, sailed from
Demerara ten days before—Lavinia, Boag, for Ca-
diz, the day before—the Herald, M'Kessock, for Ja-
maica, and Scipio, Baxter, for the West Indies, the
day after—the Princess Elizabeth, Stevenson, was
loading for a market; and the Perthshire, —, had
part of her cargo on board for Demerara. Arrived
at Ayr, on Tuesday morning, the brig Hero, Neil,
after an excellent passage ; she picked up on the voy-
age the crew of an English vessel, water-logged, 12
in number, in a deplorable state.
NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.

The following Midshipmen passed for Lieutenants last week :
—Hon. E. Curzons, John Amerson, Thomas Kitchie, Thomas
Raymond, J. Richards, George Otto, F. W. Ellis, W. P. Galcon,
P. G. Pantsin.
Captain Matthews, Royal Marines, is appointed to the Ber-
. wick, vice Captain Middleton, on shore i l; Lieutenant Crowe,
of the Royal Marines, to the Lavinia.
Mr. John Hancorn, Ordnance Storekeeper at Alderney. Is ap.
pointed Clerk of the Checque at Priddy's Hard Magazine, near
Gosport, vice Collins, deceased.
Lieutenant T. G, Boss of the Bulwark, came home in the

Captain Veitch has superseded Captain Barker, who has lately
been promoted, in the command of the Alonzo.
Mr. WizstoT, Master Rigger of Plymouth Dock-yard, is ap-
pointed Boatswain of the Sheerness Dock-yard; and Mr. Su L-
LIVAN, of the Sheer hulk St FalMoak ill appointed to succeed
Mr. Wilmot.
Mr. Cowi,two is appointed Superintending Master of Ply-
mouth Dock-yard, in the room of Mr Collins, deceased.
Mr. SlttnizaD, many years Surgeon of the Plymouth Dock-
yard, is supersnuated, and Mr. Beta., Surgeon of the Mathew
Dbialion of Marines spointedl to sauced Ow

YAMAICA, OCTOIMIL IS.
By a dispatch we learn, that a violent gu
cane, has' been experienced at St. Domingo,
menced on the night of the 27th ult. from
and continued with unabated fury until
the following day; and we are sorry to state,
wards of fifty vessels were lost.

At Jeremiah, the English brig Indian
milton, of Liverpool, nearly loaded ; the
brig Mary, of Newbury Port, loaded ;
Triumph and Mary, of Baltimore, loaded
wards of 16 liaytian vessels were drivr
and completely lost. Several houses, any
pal wharf, were also destroyed. At Ai
British ship Ellen wvas driven cn shore,
to be got off. Several small vessels also i
and were completely lost. At Arpin
brig, of 18 guns, Captain Denman, lost
and with difficulty rode out the gale
anchors. The Haytian brig of war El
completely wrecked, and only part of her
On the 28th ult. the Evelina i~ad he
entirely carried overboard at the c.nunene,
the gale, and the master and crew were
enter poi t Jeremie for self-preservatinn.
Phoebe and sloop dos Amcjos, for this port,
hogany, cotton, and specie, were both
and item to pieces ; the crews were sa
rived in the Evelina. The Hyperion
Captain Brodie, and Brazen slool
duns.
Shepherd, arrived yesterday troi
.cols.—ln the gale of the 27th ult. the
went on shore on a reef in that harbour,
1 off by great exertions, after sustaining
I damage.

ADMIRALTY COURT, DECEM
Tre Wenner, Berg master. This vessel, under
Proceeding to
lcadoenndewminthedß. ye, Wool, &c. was
Austlium Christiana, -- master. This vessel
colours, was laden with salt and fish.—Condemns'
Karen, Printz, master. This cause came on
bag, which proving satisfactory, the ship and cargo
subject to the Captor's expellees.
Perk, Ehler master. This vessel, under Hambre
coming ostensibly to London.—Restored.
Aarvaagon, Tbolmes master. Thlb vessel, tr
lours, laden with hemp, flax, linen, ac. was ee
sia to London. 'Ship and general cargo restored
reserved for consideration.

Jong*: Richard, Draark master. This vessel
from F u4sia to this country.—Restored.
Toujours Fidello, Sudenst)hor master. This
Mecklenburg colours, laden with steel, wool,
proceeding from Wismar to Sweden.—Conchmr,
Fatnihens Wells, Ugland master. This vessel,
colours, laden with fla , hemp, Scc. was corning este
don.—Ship and general cargo restored ; the ocher
for consideration.

Pursuant to notice given, a meeting
ifndattete:
eLiogi
ntLe°wd discoverhpi
na: stn,t
dhmcomposedeteotaßhnlaßaltic
as
ytnicouldfordually,Portsioubss:cnoellgt.;,eral
ciples, under which the losses in that trade
adjusted. Mr. Alderman ROWCROPT
called to the Chair, after some preliminary
tions, a committee of seven was appointed
the correspondence, fot the purpose of
iniquity practised, and the meeting
Thursday next.
Government is said to be using great
send out all kinds of stores to Portugal.
transports is now lyiag at Deptford,
employed in, shipping stores night and
which is clothing of every description
ham Mocks, &c. As soon as these tr,
sailed, others, it is said, wi3 succeed, al
take in cargoes of the same description.
A Spanish Officer in ;he service of the
ment at Buenos Ayres reached Londf
atter 'having been detained at Monte "
soner, under suspicion of being eniployt
of the former to procure arms from thi
states that Buenos Ayres hod raised
men, who had lately been fitted for act
and this number was considered sot
the purposes of external defence and
quillity. Trade WAS continued, and
enabled to follow his occupation under
vernment without impediment from ,"
or other sources of disquietude. The .
.posed of wise and temperate men who
the confidence of the people.
At Monte Video there had been
throw off the Supremacy of the Regency
nish Agents. The military force, cote
men, had raised the standard f insurrection,
were proceeding to depose the public
the navy interfered and suppressed t,
although not half so numerous as their
Soma, the Governor, is a man of feeble
wholly controuled by three or four others,
.serve obedience to Old Spain ; but, exceptioi
lower orders, there appears to be no ready
rto obey the mandates 6f the new Junta of
(Buenos Ayres).
A gentleman who left Holland a
states that the invasion of England
Russia are the chief topics of conversation.
greatest activity prevails in the port,
and gun-boats, particularly, were
Scheidt, the Texel, Goree, and the Mose.
land was talked of as the place of destination,
latter species of craft. A great number- -
seamcn was said to have been procured '
ning of them. Of commercial actif
the slightest appearance in the Dutch
of trading with England, either directly
having been relinquished.
It was understood, that the order
Dutch troops into Spain had been
The real motives of this change ~f determination
supposed to be the universal disposition 7
Dutch, and the foreign corps in general,
from the hard and unpromising service,
sula. It was well known in Holland.
regiment, which was marched into Spa'
ago, had mutinied, and that most
gone over to the Spaniards. This!
wished for. If NAPOLEON, by Iris cit:
reign troops under his controul, is brow
the whole burthen of his frantic and
tempts at conquest 'upon the native
Frans., we are persuaded the latter
disgusted with a war whiib can neither
ry nor progu

oamdmeedne art 11,
noingn.e It
o'd
Lt,frosintjl: f}..eethanrp. 711t4...41
lianQ"en, P
; the Amer; v,
; the
driven im Jo
I, and ft, a ed
Aux Cave s
.1 he
ire, but expeell "4
ilso went asho„ • '
I'l ►
,41 the Sapp.'
108 t two e,114 9
gale with two
Elarnbeau Ira Br
he
I her crew sa
her deck
_ .calo
ur
ere compelled q tt
n 3., The schlokt et
US port, 1,,;,k
21114 ore
nth drams
tlsfly '
saved, aniTa
a frigate, of
"
loop. Of 18 32
from cape g'
the rafter
- - th
our, and wts
ling .
a
!MBitn e. A
nder Danish Cohn '.°
rto Cbsittiaasate •is
lit
; vessel L„.1,„ D
.;
s t
on for further h, e;
carlio were resmej :c
1„,,br0. colon, 1
"!10
under Dini,k
'""migt from .11
toted; the other ••• ee
vessel waft
• 1
This veal, 11,
".It and cbgeri
&gored.
'elm!, ender P
Line weestbir tu . "
e other pm rum .•
iri
ing was held g
Lr
underwriters ,
for the pu
Se adopted, m w
s collusions in .•
some general .
at trade should tt
,err having t
.liminary ob •
iointed to cond . t
of detecting i!
ng adjourned '
el
(,neat exertions ..
agal. A fleet '
d, and people • '
and day, any....
stion, bed cl .
e transports
J, and contin=
si
Isf the new • lA
aondon yesterday 0.
rite Video as apt
e
toyed by the J. 4 ci
a this country.
ied a forciauf
• actual service ; t.
sufficient fix ci
and interior rm.
Ind every ore
Inder the new Ga•
disorganizos
he Junta was con- 3
who had acquai
!en an attempt .7
gency and the Spe
consisting cf leg
f insurrection, .
is authonties, what
ed the commie r
their opponents r
feeble talent, and' gt
ur others, who p...
at, excepting - •
to ready dispost
Punta of the car
d a few days
ad and a war
onversation.
ports of Hollead
constroctingje...
ie MaeSe•
destination for 0,
number of Da. - • 3
cured for the maa .
activity there is n.tt
atch ports; all ' ' t
irecdy or indirectly
u;
der for sending
I countermanded.
determination -
position
among
general, to escs. L
wrvice of the pent.
land, that a Dot '
• Spain some noises:
eat of the m
his is what is to
s distrust of the ' I
ereit bid: I' ovibeuccUnllp
ogp c
olfir
tpi tni)i oil
4pb e
co
rcti te
dohntion

TILE ititmt

,orArts of 100 fine young fellows haire joined the
Militia at Plymouth, as substitutes in the
of persons drawn. The bnunties they have re.
Are uncommon,' high—from 70 to 120 guineas

officer of eminence in Lord WELLINGTON'S
in a letter to a Gentleman in the ntighbour
f Portsmouth, says--
ri.at on the 17th ult. he was on the same ground that was
jetl by the enemy tatb or three days before, and that it pre-
i a picture as disgusting as can possibly be imagined ; the
.csontry round was entirely exhausted and desolated, some
e temporal huts in the French camp were left standing,
lerea that which Mnisert4 had lately occupied—it was co-
,7itk filth and vermin ; over another hut a paper was stuck,
the lusctiption, Within is a poor wounded English nil-
' which they found to be the case, and he was immediately
for. The designs and destination of the French at the
date were doubtful, and great precaution was observed by
country the enemy bad escaped to was more
than that which they had allancluned."

pheinii and Ridpole transports arrived. bn
'ado at Portsmouth, from Lisbon. They signed
the 22d ult. (two days before 'the ham) under
cf the DOLPHIN, CaptainWarsos, with 33 sail
I transports in company, having many.Ptisoners
deserters from MASSINA'S army on beard. They
;61 from the convoy on the 27th ult. off Oporto.
aft LAIFFI of the 17th Dragoons, came pas.
rin the Phcenix. He was taken prisoner in the
country ship, laden with cotton, from Bombay,
the Ist ult. and, with the crew and,passengers of
Fame, was afterwards pnt on board an AMerican
, and sent into Lil4oll. The Fame has been since
iptured by the ROTA.
, gentleman who quitted Bourdeawr as late as the
of the present month, states that the Ftench force
within the month of November, passed through
rdeaux and Bayonne for Spain, amounted to..not
than 25,000, not including a long train of artillery.
passed the Pyrennees in three divisions, one of
,th arrived ir. the beginning, the other in the mid-
of November, and the last bad not joined Boar-

at the time he sailed.. •
On die 19th of November, a large transport of
nish and gortuguese frisoners,,consisting of be-
. 8 and-10,000 emend, Bayonne on their way to
interior of France. He represents them to have
lin a most deplorable condition, being most of
wounded and having scarcely any cloaths to
. them. Aniong them was a more than wittal
'portion of officers, who were treated in no respect
ter than the private soldiers. All whl were able
drag one leg after*,inothe, were compelled to
ch on foot, and the rest, covered with wounds

exhausted. by diseue, were crowded-into open
o to the lot tieeember no news from the Penin-

of any decisive event bad reached Bourdcaux.
was only knowa by relic* that MASSZNA had re.
d. On the lag days of November, a Messen-
had gone theougb 13oUracaui to Spain with dis-
,s, and a few days prior dispatcherhad been
to Paris. _ .

.o reports were in circulation, one of which was,
ioseeis yeas to quit Spain and return to France,
le liostawas in person conducted the war; and
other, that provided MAssmsA gained a victory
the English, he Was to be made King of the
unla. The general opinion was, that French
rs in Spain and Portugal bore a Most unprosper.
aspect. Additional and considerable reinforce-
, had reneivedsorders to march into Spain in the
ining of December. Proilsions were plentiful
rance, but in San they Were scarce. • The milt-
aad between Bourdeaui ansl the rirehneee Was
.ene of unceasing activity:.
Respecting the conveys:lce of troops by the road
ignan, this Gentleman lingitio positive informs-
. It was mentioned that about 60,000 men of
hew recruits were to take that- road, but no satis-
; authority had been stated for this opinion.
Thursday last a Portuguese prisoner, t onfined on
' the San Ysidro, at Plymouth, (having been
in a French ship) entered into the Engl•sh ser-
, This circumstance so irritated an Italian, who
od by him, that he instantly transfixed the unfor-
Ate man, plunging his knife to the handle into his
1, and, on the Portuguese starting round, he
rd it in the same manner into his back. The
tan then endeavoured to destroy himself, but was
ted, and when in custody, again endeavoured
chola( himself by swallowing a half-guinea, and

rkt &LerEt.

For some time past forgeries to *Very considerable amount
'been committed by i Foreigner. 'Opposed to be an Italian,
• himself BARON 3•••••••=•••iaNt by means of forged drafts,
B Wilkinson, drawn upon brown, Cobb, ant: Co. ban-
' a LonahacigtiCreet, and uttered to tradesmen and others
foods purchased, &c. &c. The drafts were written upon the
'lr engraved blanks of troWn, Cobb, and Co ; but how he
possessed or them remains a mystery: He arrived in this
y last June or tuly; and is supposed to have been carrying
his depredations cyer Since .that time, till the e.oth of last
On the IDth he proved but too successful in procurinA
Ath his forged draft* ' • he obtained t large quantity of
, old coin, and pretended to give the owner (an old foreigner,
the tiry.: more than he could get in this country, as he was
• to leave Eogland, and
nave him a forged draft in payment.
Ile evening of the 9th tih. '.bout five o'clock, hi called on
Turner, a pawnbroker, who resides near Golden-square,
~vi,hed to take seme property out of pledge, and tendered a
of the above description for £504 Mr. Turner hesitated at
it; but the Baron assured him, it was as good as a Bank
land Note, and offered to glue one of Mr. Turntr's boyS
shillings if he would nin with the eh,•que to the Bankers to
it cashed. Mr. Turner told him it was tdo late, and that the
lien would be shut ; but the Baron appearing so very urgent
lie boy to get it cashed, Mr; T. entertained no doubt of its
L: a good one, and toot it, giving back the property that was
deed and the ebange. On the fbllowing morning he presented
ihhhonseof Messrs. Brown and Ce. for payment, when he
informed that no such person asß. Wi;kir.son kept cash with
but that they had bad a nuiubet of similar drafts presented
tyment. Mr. 'Forcer, in consequence, went to the Baron's
gs in Queen Annestreet, West, When he was informed he
ft own that morning. The poor foreigner, from whom the
4 had obtained his foreign coin; made a shutfar applicaCon,
of course received the same answer ; it is said It will be thee
-.0 of the poor man. Information was in consequence given at
w-street, and Riven way sent in puisuit of the Baron. The
er waiter* to his lodgings, and in the neighbourhood, during,
whole of the day, hut to ne, purpose ; and bovine strong ,
that he wog gone mit of the country, he applied to Mr..l
its, the head of the Alien-Office, who wrote off to the dit.
ports to stop the Baron. In a fear days after Mr. Reeves
' information ttotri Liverpool, that the Baron had been
with hts la.ly on board a ship end, avouring to sail from
. without a pa.sport. This information was commini-
Riven, who iMorraed the Banko.s, but they declined
5° the expellee of sending an officer to bring the Baron to
'7ll. as they had not patd any of-the drafts. All those Who
been defrauded leem to, talitg it would be-lost money to
a him,. arktkore is p probpsir rErferiailE4.4.4lllo
tie property.
• r.
; - •I et

, . .
tries *here the liberty o, the press did not exist, the
.
' invention of printing hed been prejudicial ; and he
, .
ttONDAYI OCTOBER 15, 1810. • 7 . . ' said it was far better to enjoy a small repait with free-
The Ordei of the Day for taking into consideration (lora than a banqnet of state wberettprite suspended
the Liberty of the Press being read, the sword over one's head. se, e ~ e.
Marquis Da Vico, (Deputy for the Province of El Senor CURA DE ALGECIRAS idii lief irgeted in
Santiago) arose and objected to the diteuStion: He kavour of the liberty of the press, deducing its neces
said the proper preliminary steps had not been taken, city thrsiugh a long train of Syllogisms, which began
that the Cortes had in no way expressed their appro. with the origin of civilsociety:
A
bation of the subject of the debate, and he entered his El Senor BAXCEEA (Diputado par el Regno. de se':
protest against it. He said he might sacrifice his villa) in an artful and apparently impartial view 'of'
lile, and what was more dear to him, hit reputation, the case, viewing the liberty of the press as highly de- '
in the Cortes, by his conduct on this occasion; but sirable, was of opinion. that that liberty would be hest
that he would not sacrifice his smile-and at any secured by a previous censorship than by one subse-
rate he required delay uatil the arrival of the other quent to publication.
Deputies. Senor GARCIA DE Henninbe (stiplente por la pro-,
The Deputies Senors ARGUELLES, Suplente por it vinci,t de Soria) followed on the same side, and in the
Principado de Asturias ; TORRERO, Diputado por la same style: He said that he conceived the cenSot-
Provincia de Estremadura ; Geetecos, Suplente par ship before or after publication would be equally inef-
la Provincia de Zamoia ; and Mem, Suplente por flcacions for preventing the pollution of the pre,s.—
el Vimynado Esau Fe, proved that the Cortes had When a book against rtlieion or morals was pnblislt-,
gone through every form, and that the discussion had cd, it was easy to withdraw it and to punish the au-
been regularly fixed for that day. 'her, but who could restore the purity of"the faith
Senor Anouteee.e, in a tone of the highest anima- which had been blasphemed, or of the character
tion, replied to the Deputy who opposed it. He said.i which had been traduced ? He said that• it was el-
that the fate of Spain hung on the decision of this cities- most impossible to find a CoMmittee capable of jude-
tion, that the liberty of the people was dependent on ing of what was an offence against'.. Estabhshed
the discussion, and that, therefore, he did not won- Laws," (the words of the repOrt) es laws were liable
der that bad men wished to impede it. to be changed every day. He theiefore conceived,
Senor METIA, in answer to the last part of the ob- that many culpable writers would go unpunished.—
jector's speech, asked if the splendid foundation for His speech was very plausible, and prOduced a visible
national liberty, which had been laid on the 24th of 1 effect.
September, had not been effected in the absence of General GONZALES (stiplente par la provincia de',
those Memberi i ' Could any thing be more momen- Jaen) was convinced, that whenever the first example
tons than the decision of that day.? • Where, there- of severity was given, all existing manuscripts would
fore, was the reason which was to prevent their pro- speedily be destroyed. - i
seeding now .: Senor Geetscos rose, and in answer to the speech
Several Members here attempted to speak, but of Garcia Herreros, said, that if there was a political
order having been restored, and the Report of the absurdity in the world, it was the idea inculcated by
Committee being read, that Gentleman, that the liberty of the press could
Senor ARGUIILLSO arose, and in a most luminous exist under a previous censorship. Liberty is the.
speech took a wide view of the different effects which right which every man possesses of doing whatever
the liberty of the press had produced in all times to he pleases, which is not contrary to.divine or human
all nations; the vast benefits which had arisen from laws, or injurious to his neighbour. Slavery, on the',
it ; the few evils it had ever caused, and the absur- other hand, is when men arc subjected without a re-'
dity of the fears of those persons who were inclined medy to the caprices of others, whether exercised at
to oppose it. He instanced the different struggles the-reement or not. How then, can the press be free
which had token place in England for this sacred when subjected to the passions, the caprice, or the
right, and pointed her out as the only country which corruption of an individual ? He then urged the folly
had alike resisted the check of internal tyrants and ex- of preventative laws. He eaid, "lam a free agent,
tenor attacks " Every light (he said) which had and I may at any time possess myself of a sword, but
Amend over Europe, had arisen from this liberty, and no men tells me my hands must be tied lest I commit
Inations have arisen in proportion to its vigeur—others a murder. lam at liberty to go into the street and
obscured by ignorance, and enchained by despotism rob a man, but no man for fear of that turns the key
or superstition, have sunk in directly the opposite of my door. Free will is left to us all, but knowing
ratio: Among that number, lam sorry to say, is the punishment inflicted on crimes, we are led to
Spain. But above all, it is in the last twenty years, avoid them. As to the difficulty f knowing what
a period big with more extraordinary events than all 'are fundamental laws, it is ludicrous to talk of it.—
the ages before, that we are to look for the most won- The fundamental laws are those by which the Cortes
' derful effects of this weapon, to which the power of have been assembled, and which they have Sworn to
the sword has always yielded. We see by this influ- defend ; those framed by our ancestors, and handed
ence, the chains fall from the French nation which down to us; their posterity,legible,although obscured."
had been enslt&ed for so many ages ; but when a san- Senor MENIA spoke of a kind of allegorical dream
guinary faction introduced a system of contradiction which he had had, representing Supei stitton combat-
between their principles and conduct, the liberty of ing the light of Reason. This he now saw verified in
the press was most important for us. The French the Cortes.
Governmint of that time, after having declared, by Senor .OIAVEROS (diputado por la provincia de Es.
acclamationt, to renounce conquest, gave orders to tremadura) made a few observations in answer to
annei the, States of 6avoy to the Republic. The Hcrreros, on religious points: .
whole of its conduce towards the States occupied, and Senor Ltexee (Diputado por la Provincia .de Es-
even of those of the Allies; was in direct opposition tremadura) said, that he laid it down as a maxim,
with. all the principles proclaimed by the National that a good Spaniard could do nothing better than
Assembly. For want of rational liberty among us, pursue the reverse of Bonaparte's political principles.
Spain was deprived of the means of appreciating the That at Bayonne, Bonaparte had determined that the
take principles of that Revolution. So much so that deliberation of the Cortes should be secret, both then
when the infamous Peace of Basilea took place, our and in future. This, therefore, was to be avoided.
nation. was entirely ignorant of the political state of Bonaparte's principal object has always been to de.
France.. -Our Government, led by a most profligate stroy the liberty of the press, and the fetters he has
and stupid favourite, was incapable of knowing the laid on that liberty have been converted into chains
interest of Spain. They abandoned themselves sucs for-the slavery of mankind. Some divines have de-
cessively, and without any discernment, to the va- precated the liberty ofehe press on the store of Tell-
rious modifications of the French Government ; and, gion. Our SAVIOUR inculcated the liberty of discus-
from the Convention to the Empire we followed all sion ; lie ever enjoins his disciples to converse and cor.
the viscissitudes of that Revolution in our alliance, 1 respond en his religion, that they may explain diffi-
till the moment wt saw our strong places taken, and a culties, enlighten each other, and publish the truth to
the pel-fidious invader, with a tremendous army, in the world. It is now time to throw off the cloud of
the very heart of the kingdom. Till this unhappy mo- ignorance, and to proclaim that the Spaniard is once
ment no man was allowed to speak of the, French more the child of reason. We are in want of know,
Government but in the same terms as of our own.— ledge, and tram the press alone can its light be.diffu-i
To refuse to give encomiums to Bonaparte was sed. It is to the present imperfect liberty, wh ch it
deemed as a crime of the first magnitude. In those enjoys in spite of the opposition of bad men and the
dreadrul days were sown the seeds of that harvest fears of the weak, that we arc indebted to that force
which Spain is now reaping. But look round the of public opinion which has produced the meeting of
world, and see the only nation which has escaped I this august assembly, in which the last and best hopes
those horrors is England—which was saved much by of Spain are centered.
the energy of its Government, and more than all by TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16.
the Liberty of the Press—br which honest men were The President opened the debate, with declaring in
enabled to spread the antidote more tepidly than the general terms, his wish for the Liberty of the Press,
French their poison ; and the general information but under very great restrictions, and limitations.
which had been disseminated through the freedom of Senor MORALES (diputado par la ciudad de Cadiz)
the Press, enabled that country to see their dangers made a long and eloquent speech, in favour of the
and avoid them." He wound up his speech with a Press, replete with sound argument, and apposite il-
powerful appeal to the renewed spirit of Liberty in lustration. " Let us suppose a King," he said, " and
Spain, in support of a free Press. to prevent misrepresentation, or mistake, let us sup-
Brigadier GONSALAZ said, that any one who op- pose him to reign over one of the Southern islands,
posed the liberty of the press was a bad Spaniard.— who either from youth, infirrnity, or vicious princi-
This expressiOn produced considerable altercation be- pies is incapable, or unwilling to attend to the just re-
tween the General and another Deputy, who had presentations of his people. Let us suppose an im-
taken. a strong part against it. • ' pious ministry ruling that people, a people so loyal
. and so religious, as to be unwilling to fly to the sword
A PRIEST then rose and said, " The first tie was
religione-to defend the Catholica, Apostolica, y Ro- for redress. What hope has that people
.for the re-
mane Religion ; and that whatever militated against :savory of its Rights ? None, except, the Pen and the
it must be wrong." He cited a number of the origi- ; Press. But should that people be so unfortunate, as
nal Canons of the Church to prdve that no works !to have a censor over this their only hope, and should
could be published without the leave of the Council : that censor be one of the very ministers who oppress
or Bishop ; and from thence he inferred that the li. them, where then is their hope ? They have none ;
berty of the press was contrary to religion. and misery and ruin must inevitably succeed."
Senor MEXIA rose, and in a long and ingenious 1 Senor PEREZ DE CASTRO (Suplente por la provincia
speech endeavoured to defeat the argument of the de Valladolid) spoke in favour of the Press. He
preceding speaker. The drift of Senor Melia's rea- stated, that it was of the utmost importance to a wise
sorting was as follows : No one will deny that Chris- Government, on this as well as on every other uc-
tianity has existed ever since the beginning of the count ; namely, that by no other mode could they be'
World, because, although our SAviOun had not des- made acquainted with the feelingsof that people whom
tended, the moral precepts which form its basis had they are appointed to govern. How else, too, can
been preached by Moses before him, and written in they obtain in their favour, that public opinion, which
the heart Of man. In like manner the liberty of the is worth millions of mercenary bayonets ? One great
press has existed from the days of Ad-am, for printing and happy nation, owes the preservation of that
greatness, and of that happiness, to public opinion,
is nothing but a faculty of writing ; and the liberty
is the same; whether the matter to be communicated raised by Liberty, and supported by the Pttse, which
be engravers on trees, inicribcd on wood, or printed is a buttress against all opposition, the frisnd alike of
011 paper. Hiewent on to prove that in those coup- the rich and the poor. It is a holy appeel, made by
—..
• Mr. Arguelles speaks with so much rapidity, and with to truth to the virtue Qf mankind.
ouch doentnce and animation, that it is vat difficult for a re- Senor. EL OLlvEitoz then,roSe, and in a meat !lo-
`porter to give any thine but a faint outline of his speeches. quesit speech, proved the Liberty of the Press to be
e 1 take this opportunity of reniarking, that the Cortes, with compatible. with the. relit interest- of Religr?n !,...-
great propriety and wisdom, have decreed that no =awn, hnr• ae, _ .
tUS CSolgUlle (said be) the butte of taxicei mail
eliS ?sonars .Lap be %Mott by acetaissatlofs. , _ hor r
• :7

. "
let ns see the melancholy e eft Is of a Liberty,
extended to all that seat but which excluded all
that was virtuo.ts. The ReioltitiOniits of that coun-
try knew that their hideous designs could not be ese-
cnted but through the ruin of morality and virtue.---
They therefore poured forth a torrent of blaspheMy
and itrtniordlittp*hith shank to pieces the whole fa-
brick of Civil Society, cautiously shutting the Press
to every thing which afforded a Chince of restoring. s
Religion and Loyalty: Fiance is still overwhelmed
with the consequence of these principles, but not one
work of religion, Morality, civil polity, or rational
liberty, has ever issued either froth Revolutionary, or
Imperial France.
• “ It is the contraiy of this, that we are seeking to
attain: We wish to give encouragement to every
worthy feeling, and to Shut thii gates on evil. Had
the Liberty of the Press been established, men would
have shunned the acts they have committed in the
impunity of 'obscurity and oblivion. Bishops would
not have' dated to preach from the pulpiti of their
holy religion, Cie' triumphs of deSpoutiii; and of
atheism ; nor would they haii ?entitled; to aisle iii
the sttbjugatiOn of their own 'Counts*, ind ihsi des
struction of their own faith. En&;lancl, an tilt dm-
trary, that generous and free tountryi which ewes
her liberty, and all fier morality, to tl,e Press, al-
though excluded Omit the bosom of our church? has
in opposing the ambition of France, Ind resisting her '
strides to bniterwil dominion, been tl.le true friend of
She ha; bees the ally of our head (the
Pope) VThen,perseetited q Bonaparte ; she has been
the faithtutfriend of Spam, and it is on her colosial
form, erected in Libeity, and defended by the Free..
dons of the Press, that -the remaining independence
of Europe retlineS its sickly head. I therefore main-
tain that the Liberty of the Preis has been, and is,
the best support of religion,instead of being incompa-
Sisk with it, as some of those. who have Cast spoken
have inaiiitaiiied. I have been anxious to state my
opinion On thii important subject, as it cenccins reli-
gion, for. Its political utility, and efficacy, its being
the most powerful of all weapons, if well directed, .
bas been iniliciesitly proved, by the speeches of its
able supportersp" '
Senor &foliates GALLico spoke against the aboli-
tion of the pre us censorship, stating the.many is-
conirenieficies the libei-ty of the pre.s, &c.
Senor Anotia.tis then rose, and took a view of
the whole question. He affirmed, " that there could
be no greater violation of the liberty of man, than the
depriving him (f the enjoyment of that which was
in itself innocent, and th'rstibjecting his honest exec.
tions to the cape ce of any man, or set of men what-
ever. Are we to be told,. in these d.tys ot mental
improVement; that fifteen ini;lions •of people are to
have the truest safeguard of their freedom, the most
laudable source of their industry, the best hopes of
posterity, subjected to the nod of censors so easi..-
ly corrupzed ?- It is the fate of mankind to err • we
ought, therefore, to put (am:elves beyond the evil we
;dread, especially where our dearest interests are con-
I cernicl. .But let us soppose that these censors would
hare no 'sinister views. Still they ate men, who must .
all have their passions, and their partitularprejudices,
which it is in humanJ nature that they must wish to
, gratify; and ho* far in= ii.the possession of power
"will abstain froM inch giatifitation the history of the
world will bear Witness. Yet it i; to these men, with.
the power of supprei4on, and with the law in their
bands, that liberty and literature ate to bend ! Spain,
has never yet been blessed with fieedom. Fbr a long
series of ages we have been chained, insulted, and
degreded by a soccession of Governments, who have
lever ken inattentive to the wishes of the people. The
bitter fruits of those days we arc new tasting. The
morality of the people has suffered, and the decline
of Spain has kept pace with the diminution of her
freedom. How . different, Sic, is the state of this
country, how different the past principles of our cow-
duct to that of a great, generous and independent.
nation -a nation which possesses (whatever may be
her political corruption) the purest public morals—a
nation in which conjugal fidelity and the dearest ties
of society are pre-eminently cherished—a nation which
(although exposed at all times to exterior and interior
dangers) has risen in defiance of both—a nation which
had long been our bitterest enemy, but whicb,
in a moment the dawn of Spanish liberty, with unpa.
ralleled generosity has poured forth her whole efforts
to maintain it ! I mean to say, that we owe scarcely.
less than our existence to England. As our misfor
tunes increased, what has been the conduct: of Eng-,
Tana ? She has always said—, Be free, aid we will
:sewer forsaie you.' Her efforts have increased with
our wants. file strength of her arm has upheld our
weakness. The character, the power, the grandeur
of that nation has arisen from her possession of those
liberties for which we now are struggling, liberties
which must be founded or lost in you: vote, for on
that depends, whether her assistance will prove of
avail, and whether we are to regain our rank among
the nations of Europe, or fall for ever.'i •
INuNnanoe.—About one In the morning of the 29th ult. this
[Niggle Reservoir, at the top of Stanedge, in Marsden, about
nine miles west of Huddersfield, burst; and the water flowing in
an easterly direction,inundated the whole of the adjoining valley.
This reservoir, formed for the purpose of supplying the Hudderw.
field Canal., covered about 28 Acres of land, and such was the
destructive impetuosity of the flood, that it swept away a cottage,
occupied by James Scdldfleld, standing on the declivity of a bill,
and his wife and four bliildren perished in the flood. Rushing
forward in its fatal course, the water advanced to the mill of
Messrs. Horsfalls, and so completely inundated the hotter of the
miller, James Baltuforth, that himself and his wife were floated
out of their beds; he seized the stone-work in the window, and
for some time held his wife in his embrace ; but she was at length
forced front him, and the next morning her hteless body was
taken up at a place culled the Paddock. two miles f:ont 'dodders.
field ; the husband, however, kept his hold of the window till the
water subsided, and by that means preserrtd his life. Betides
these fatal accidents, in which six lives were lost, many others of
less consequence occurred. The soil from the top to the bottom
of the hill, and extending a considerable distance along the van,
is completely washed away, and the swine exhibits all the .4%.
pearance of the bed of a river. Property to a constderabk arnovi:t
has also been destroyed; the mill-dams of two large nutneforws.
ries have been entirely sweet avar, and a quantity of potatoes
and other produce have- suffered the same fate; even the Ash in
the river bavt felt the effects of this flood, for so fatal has the
blpck earth pro+red to the inhabitants of the watery element, that
four stone weight of poisoned fish were picked up let the river
Calder, 15 miles from the reservoir. But the midortonee, la
meutable as tlwy are, arising front this inundation, are slight,
cont./laced with the conserp s .cos that mutt have ensued from the
rupture ache hatiks on the western side c.f the hill, which is co
vered with kiwi, and the inhabitants of which meat have n
Isaiah', shared the melancholy fate of the peter cottager's famsf.4
Some idea nay be formed ot the rapidity and terve of this int.
ntense body of water, when it is stated, that a won of an °Wow!
form, weighing 15 tons, was carried helm the summit of the tell
and l'odgesl.lo the Idilir,ace Of Mmes. Nonfat', a distaste': ot two
iaiosecr so

• is of
rPhilarre Indi tia
,
of person
• . are unto
Ao officer
let
f, in.
Portsr
.mat on the
iett by the ei
cd a picture a
cluntrY r 4"
the ten,WtrarY •
016011133 i W.
with filth a
the lasetiptif
' which they
'kit,' for. '0
*e ate were I
;
le than Oat a
•
• e Phoini
undar at P
the 22d1.11
vny of the
re trauspor
deserters
rted from t
utertaat L:
ger in the
, counts.;
the Ist ult,
Fame, wa
and sent
aprured
A gentlem:
of the pre
ids. within
urdeaux as
than 25,0(
I,ey passed '
•*eh arrived
. of Novem
nt at the
On the 191
Anish and
n 8 and-
interior of
in a me
m wounde
er them.
'portion of
er than tl
drag one
rch on fors
1 exhauste
:gons.
Up to the
of any c
was only I
ed. On
had goat
hes, and
t to Paris.
Two repot
• JOSEPH
tie lioxak,>R
other, th
ertheEnp
insula.
• 'rs in Spa
aspect.
its had re
arming of
.rance, bi
road be
seen of us
Respectin
signal), t
. It wa
hew reel
fir/ auth
Thursday
and the
ken in al
e. This
41 by hi:
'tate man
om, am
nged it :
Tian tiler
ented,
choak hi
' me cloth,
.1, For some
• e been cor
• .g bbnce
be • B Wil
1 of Low
goods pur
iular engral
mete posse"
I 'Amtry last J
his depre(
..enth• On
..-certy wits
I cry chi coin
the tilt'''
:ang to le-av
•tt the event
r. Turner,
L • I wishtd t
of tbe
apiagit; bi
, f,.t.oghnd
,utters wot
la' the bay t
ne 'eirg a Zood
!edged and
id- at`t*tiou
Itl was Inhume
them, but d
'll,AYment
!:ings in (
dleft taw
rot[ had
d of court
tt.:n of tile 1
Av-streer,
lltC ot:dit were u
Waite
t
0 • s thet
ha kitty L 3, tb
, , fr"ent port,
t',(eived
r. ercovered
ay That port m
a tared to Ri
, toing to th
tcnidln,
' kree Nen
4eLl after 1
tart If the
