N4VAL INTELLRFENCE.

The Sir Edward Paget, Captain GIAILY, R.N. sailed from
Portsmouth yesterday morning, for Madeira, the Cape, Matins,
and Bengal.
The Dutch frigate, Prince of Sacksen Wemar, Captain Vox
Rats, arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday, from Ilelvoetsluys. She
is on an experimental cruize, in order to exercise a number of the
younger Officers of the Netherlands' service.
• Lieutenant MAIISNAM, first of the CAMBRIAN, is promoted to the
rank of Commander, and the senior blidshipman of the same ship
is made Lieutenant, for their gallant conduct in the late attack on
some Greek pirates.
, Mem. JoHn Kim, late of the Delves, and Lieut. CHAIRLIPI C.
TitaancLaxa, Flag Lieutenant of the Ssussaaxus, are promoted to
the rank of Commander.

lire BOULTO3I WILLUMS, Mate of the Hassan, is promoted to the
rank of Lieutenant, and appointed to the same ship.
Lieut. IL H. Frnaor is appointed to the Turns, vice Ilzusinw.
The following Officers are appointed to the Ordinary at Ply-
mouth :—Captain .L.I. Bowcan, lieutenants T. TAMEN and W.
IL WATTS, Mr. Igo EDWARD* Surgeon, and Mr. W. P. Beowsu,
Purser.

The Hope, Parreasou, is arrived at Portsmouth from Corfu,
whence she sailed on the 27th ult. when the NAIAD and the Hum
were lying there, the latter waiting to be relieved by the Rose;
and Malta on the 6th inst. where she left the Revancie, 74, (Sir H.
B. Seats), CAMBRIAN. and Maria transport. The Mediterranean
squadron were all safe and healthy.
The B‘ossont,24, Captain J. W. Miscue, is nearly ready for sea
at Portsmouth, and wiU proceed to the Pacific and Behring's
Straits dirtct. Sbe has on board a quantity of useful articles, as
presents from our Government for the residents of Pitcairn's
Island, in the North Pacific, now inhabited by the descendants of
the mutinous crew of his Majesty's ship BOUNTY.
The Grecian cutter, Lieutenant Jona Cawrav, has arrived at
Portsmouth from the West Indies, having been employed two
years and a half in protecting the trade against the pirates of the
island of Cuba, during which she did not lose a man of her crew
by sickness. She had a desperate action with a pirate, in which she
had one man killed, and one woundtd. She is to be paid off.
Thursday, the Maslen, 11, Captain TMONAS Wu.sox, arrived at
Portsmouth from Plymouth ; and the Castamost, from a eruize.
The Romney, Captain N. Loeevaa, C.B. has arrived at Ports-
mouth from off New York (where she landed the British Com-
missioners) and Bermuda, which latter place she left on the 2d ale.
The Ju erne (Rear. Admiral WILLI/VOMIT Laza), NIZMIX,SAIVIIII,
POTTIIKIL (waiting to be relieved by the Oaasses). aad Cuanza,
were lyingthere. The Rifts:man bad sailed for New York. The
Roam• is to be fitted for foreign service.
The Sanders Hill, Anosason, from Messina to St. Petersburgh,
is totally last in the Cattegat, with all the crew.
EaLsampen, Aratt. 30.—Wind S. to &F..—Off the port yester.
day, the Columbus, Mosso, from London for St. John's (N.B►);
Rains transport, for Jamaica; Heroine, do. for Sierra Leone;
Betty, Wizzs, for Fayal ; Margaret, Ftion.re, and Trial, Janus%
for Lisbon. Arrived the Margaret, HOLMAN, from Galipoti,in 3$
days. Sailed the Lady Mary Pelham packet, for the Leeward
Islands; and Corsair, BEDFORD, for Jersey.
PORTINIOO7I4 MAT the Dutch ship of
war Pallas, from Heivoetsloys ; and Brothers. Hemonasoio, from
Messina. Off the Wight, the Hebe, --, from Montserrat. Sailed
the Hope, Parnson, for London; and his Majesty's ship Bewail,
for Dover.

RZILAIN At SIPMCIAD—Martin, Pylades, Arrow, Princess Royal'
(Portuguese frigate), and Prince of Sacksen Wemar (Dutch frigate).
In vita Haaaouz--Victory, Ganges, Albion, Diamond, Aurora,
Photon, Romney, Herald, Champion, Pandora, Calliope, Grecian,
Starling, and Came ion. •
Cowes, Mae I.—Arrived the Mary (late Cairns), from Rio de
Janeiro, in 77 days.
DEAL, MAY I.—Wind SR—Arrived yesterday, and sailed for
the River, the Upton Castle, from Bombay; Juno, Panetta's,
fmm Jamaica • iton, CA STAIL; from Faro; and Branch,
WWI, front Si. Michael's. Sailed the Warren Hastings, for China.
The BuckinghAnshire, for China, remains.
DOVES, Mar I.—Arrived off the port, the Peter Proctor,
Blown, from Dominica; Minerva, Peesmoz, from Akzandtia ;
Thomas and Hannah,.-----, from Lisbon; and Active, LUMLEY,
from Charente.
Livaarow., Arm. 30.—Wind S.S.E.—Arrived the Joke Taylor,
A TIIINION; from Calcutta; Pyramus, Paocvoa, from Jalnaica—
sailed 18th Marcb, in company with the Spasm/Di, and William
Harris transport. On the 98th, off Haneaga,was brought to by the
Colombien schooner Venezuela, on a cruize. William Brown,
DPKowt ; Catherine, Puzroa ; and Betsey, klu.tza, from New
Orkans—usailed 10th ultimo; Martha, SNOW ; Glory, GIA ;
and Isabella Henderson, &rums, from New York—sailed 4th inst.
Delaware, Hatattron, from Savannah ; Carl John, from
Chapman from Charente; and Regent, Caen.,
from Charleston. Off the port, the Three Sons, from
Marandsm.

mogrorr7rpoilumerl

tHE THEATRES.
DR UR Y-LANE. • " •
The Fatal Dowry *as repeated on Friday evening at Drury-lane.
with increased effect. MACREADY and WA LLACK exerted themselves
successfully. The pretty, little diver:lament of the Bird in the
Rauh followed, and the evening's entertainment closed with the
last new farce of My Male Gabriel, in which Hamar. KlifiNT,
and Mrs. Oasis, kept the house in a roar of laughter, while Hoax,
BUITORD, and little Foyer delighted with their vocal powers.
Game performs Old Gabriel annum with much humour and
effect. Many of the songs, duets, tee. were encored, and the whole
.went off with the greatest eclat.

HAYMARKET.

The Opera of Low in a Pillage was performed on Saturday.—
Miss Geoaces Rosetta is a very superior effort, and une which di-
ligence may improve to the rank of first rate. Mrs. T. thia. made
a pleasing Lucinda, and Mrs. Hussar played Madge in a natural
and effective style. Mr. Mirt.sose sung the songs of Young ideactows
with great effect. Dowrox's Juaiice Woodcock was, as usual, a rich
specimen of broad comedy; and Mrs. C. Jonas made an excel-
lent Lkeorak.

WESTMINSTER INFIRMARY FOR THE EYES.

-ill■•••--

A Meeting in aid of this valuable Institution, trek
place at the Thatched House Tavern, on Saturday, the'
Duke of WELLIN.GTON in the Chair. His Grace briefly
stated that the object of the Meeting was to promote a
subscription to an amount which should enable them
to perpetuate the benefits of this Infiimary, by building
an Hospital for its uses. Persuaded as he was of the
great utility of an institution of this nature, he could
not do otherwise than recommend it to the attention
of the humane. All ages and classes were admitted
to a participation in its benefits, from the infant who
came into the world with the organs of sight imperfect,
to the veteran who became afflicted with disease in the
service of his country. His Grace proceeded to state,
that since the opening of the Infirmary in 1817, no less
than 9,527 persons had been cured and relieved.
Before the Meeting broke up. subscriptions were announced to
the amount of nearly four hundred pounds. The Duke of WU,
LIXGTOX and the Marquis of Lomicommtas subscribed 501. each. _
Among the distinguished persons present, were Lord Bann.
roars, the Marquis of LONDONOKIIIIT, Sir J. Swmauo.ma, Colonel
WOOD, Mr. Bssn, and Sir JAnts M‘Gosoott..

Letters from Accra, Africa, state that the nephew
of the KING of the Ashantees, has been taken prisoner
by the British. At the date of the last accounts, he
was a prisoner at Accra ; no further accounts are given.
The Cape Coast was sickly.
Bombay Papers have arrived to the 26th ult. one of
which contains the official account of the capture of
the Fort of Kittoor. It appeals that after the capitu-
lati in had been agreed upon, our troops were refined
admission, in consequence of which the attack recom-
menced, and possession was finally taken by force.—
Intelligence had reached Bombay from Singapore, of
the death of the King of SIAM.
Dispatches; dated the 21st of March, have been re.
eeived from Major-General Sir BRNJAMIN D'Uanau,
at Demerara. They state, that the Colony was perfectly
tranquil, and that everything was going on well.
The REcoanga is expected to make his Report, inl
the course of the week, to the Km in Council, of the
prisoners capitally convicted during the April Sessiuns,
at the Old Bailey.
Faa.notonr FAIL—The late Easter Fair is the first
since a long time that the s-llers have not been heard
to complain. However difficult it may be to make a
tradesman confess that he is content with his gains, it
was impossible to conceal that large profits were made
from wool; that the prices of English, Saxon,and Swiss
goods bad increased; and lastly, that leather was in
great demand : cloths were by no means so much in
request. Gold trinkets were very much in demand,
and in this branch the jewellers bad an assortment of
very tasteful articles: the sale proves that they conti-
nue more and more to obtain the preference to those
of base metal, which in large towns are used only by
the lower class. The next autumnal fair promises to
be equally favourable to the retail dealers.
Fiiday the Pacific cleared the London Docks, and
sailed down the River, with a party of Officers and
Assistants, for the Rio de la Plata Association's Agri-
cultural Settlements near Buenos Ayres. Mr. J. M.
Hoban, who was seat out by the Greek Committee,
Ito assist Lord By RON in his arrangements for the Greeks,
land his family, were of the party, as Settlers on the
Society's lands.
During the passage of the HERALD to the West In-
dies, the Lord Bishops of JAMAICA and BARBADOES,
preached every Sunday morning and afternoon to the
Officers and Crew of that ship. It was certainly the
first time that two English Bishops ever voyaged toge-
ther in a British man-of-war, to take possession of
their benefices ; and this exercise of their solemn func-
tions, presented what no pulpit in England ever did—
two Bishops preaching to the same congregation in
one day. The Island ofJunaica, the Bahama Islands,
and the Settlements in the Bay of Honduras, and their
respective dependencies, constitute the Bishop's See of
Jamaica, subordinate to the Archiepiscopal See of the
province of Canterbury.
The manuscript Homer, upon Papyrus, recently
brought to England by Captain CLIPIORD, brother
the Duke of DEVONSHIRE, contains only the last or
twenty-fourth Book of the Iliad. The most remarkable
feature connected with this ancient and invaluable ma-
nuscript is, that there are accents, which must have been
added by a later hand.
Friday, or rather Saturday morning, Mr. PETER
MOORS, with consent of Ministers, introduced his Bill
for altering and amending the 6th Geo. I. chap. 18,
commonly called the Bubble Act. It was read a first
ordered to be read a second time on the 13th of
May, and to be printed. The Reporters had left the
Rouse before the Orders of the Day, which preceded
notices, were commenced.
Although the principal part of the public business has
been gone through in Parliament, it is supposed that
the present Session will not terminate before the last
week in June, owing to the unexampled quantity of
private business which yet remains to be transacted.
A melancholy accident i,ccurred on Tuesday last, at
Huddersfield, in raising the roof of the new-built Inde-
pendent Chapel. The crank which supported the plat-
form on which the men were at work broke, and four
men were killed, and rine others seriously bruised,
several of whom are not expected to recover.
The last seasonable rains have had. the Most favour-
able effect upon all the operations of agriculture.—
On vegetation, in and about London, their influence has
been almost instantaneous.
COURT Oi CHANCERY, APRIL 29.—ATHERTON V.
Peas.—This was a motion submitted on a former day, by Mr.
Straowat.c, on behalf of Mr. Justice Park and others, for further
time to answer, under peculiar circumstances. The matter was then
postponed, in order that Mr. Cowburn, the Solicitor, might amend
his affidavit. The affidavit was now amended, and after hearing
Mr. SCADWILL, and Mr. Biccsarrirro, his Lordship granted six
weeks, instead of three months, for time to answer.

'7,7"

•••,••••(•-••

•

iIIFEW'r
't

.•

w .
ANTI-SLAVERY soClErt •
•• Saterday, the second Annual Meeting of this Society,
whose object is the gradual abolition of slavery through-_
out the.firitiih Empire, wss held at the Freemasons'
Tavern. The meeting was very numerously attended.
The Duke of GLoucurEa took the Chair, and opened
the business of the meeting. The Report was then read.
Lard CALTHORPK felt highly gratified Sy the Report
just read, and it was with peculiaeseisfaction that he
moved its adoption by the meeting, 4 The Society had
not had recourse to exaggeration—the statement of
cruelties they contained were unfortunately too true,
and in the West India Islands, were treated as matters
of indifference, or of unavoidable necessity.
Lord MILTON rose to second the motion. He was
aware that the abolition of slavery could not be the
work of a moment, but he could not but feel that this

country, in having entered upon the subject by abolish-
ing the slave trade, had pledged itself to the ultimate
extinction of slavery.
Mr. W. SMITH, M.P. felt highly gratified by what
he had that morning heard and seen. There had been
scarcely any man of eminence for years part but had
concurred in declaring the necessity of the emancipa-
tion of the negro population. Among the eminent
persons who had advocated this measure, were Mr.
Wilberforce, Mr. Granville Sharpe, and the illustrious
statesmen, Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox. The spe..ker con-
'eluded by moving the second Resolution, expressive of
the sense the meeting entertained of the merits of
Mr. Wilberforce. (Its reading was followed by long
continued acclamations).
Mr. F. Burrow, M.P. seconded the motion in a'
speech of considerable length, in the course of which he
dwelt with much warmth upon the numerogs excel-1
lencies of the public and private life of Mr. Wilberforce.
The motion was CATlie I by acclamation.
Mr. Wu. WILBIRFORCZ returned thanks for the
honour conferred on his father. He was evidently
much affected, and was received throughout with the
most cheering sympathy.
Mr. Bnotxmast said, he felt great satisfaction in
meeting his brethren of this Society, and the more so
from the prosperous state of the cause; for although
nothing had been done to better the condition of the
Slave during the last year, although true it was that
the only event was the deeply to be regretted one of
the retirement of their great and venerable friend, Mr.
Wilberforce, yet still he felt confident hopes of ultimate
success. They had been told again and again, that
slavery was a tree which it would not do for them
rashly to lay the axe to ; but that they 'must be content
to destroy this upas by slow degrees, by laying bare its
roots, and by withholding from it its necessary supply of
water, and of air, and thus procuring its gradual decay.
In other words, that it WAS to be a work slowly and cau-
tiously proceeded with; and that if we would leave the
planters and proprietors to themselves, for one short
year, they would proceed to meliorate--tgradually to
abolish the state of their bondsmen. We did wait the
required time ; and what has been the result of our
waiting? What have they done more than we expected
they would do ?—that is nothing ! They have gone on,
suffering month after month to pass over them, without
making any effort, till at list the sun had performed its
annual revolution, and had seen nothing throughout
its whole course, but misery to the African race. They
fad forfeited their pledge, and hence had rendered it
imperative on the meeting to proceed vigorou,ly to-
wards the attainment of the end proposed. He had said
that the planters bad been doing nothing—true it was
they had been doing nothing for themselves, but had
been doing much for the Society. He thought it was
their positive duty, and one which he would cheerfully
perform, to give notice during this Session of Parlia-
ment, that if the planters continue in their lethargy
during the whole of the long vacatiott, that the first
week of the new Session a Bill would be brought for-
ward for the purpose of effecting that for the Negroes
which their short-sighted masters ought-to have per-
formed. If he should be the party bringing forwent,
this motion, he trusted it would not be thought by &IN
planters that be was inimical to their interests, for he
should do it out of no opposition to them, but because
he felt that man and despotism were incompatible tor.
ther, and ought never to co-exist. —la conformity with
these sentiments, he should submit the third Resolution.
(The Learned Gentleman was repeatedly cheered in the
course.of his speech).
Mr. 'NUMMI rose with the utmost satisfaction to
second the motion of his Learned Friend. As one ob-

ject of their meeting was the doing homage to Mr. Wi-
lberforce, it would be wronging the known chatacter of
that illustrious individual, if they were to depart with-
out attempting to do some practicable good. (In the
course of his speech the Learned Gentleman espied Mr.
O'Connell in the body of the Hall, and mentioned the
fact to the Meeting. who rose en maw, and insisted on
Mr. O'Connell taking a seat on the platform. This he
did amidst shouts of applause).
Mr. Wurrimaz moved the fourth Resohtdoo.

Mr. &ens seconded the motion.
Mr. Rare passed a warm eulogy on the late Mr. Grimelle
Sharpe, who he said was a man of whom it might be truly said, that
" his witness was in Heaven, and his praise not of men, but of Goo."
Dr. Luseusolop, in a most a►le speech, advocated the object of
the Seelety, and concluded by moving the fifth Resolution.
Mr. °Toxemia. rose, amidst great applause.—l have
been called upon, said the Learned Gentleman, to ad-
dress you most unexpectedly ; but I do hate despotism
so cordially, I do hate slavery so vehemently, I do de-
test tyrants so strongly, that I could not refuse to second
a motion, that has for its object to strike from the
Negro his chains, and from the Briton his reproach.
I(Applause).—Yes, while I live, I will wage war with
despotism, and if my expiring effort cannot reach
the dignity of a blow, it shall at least wear its sem-
'blance, and, dying, I will bequeath to my offspring the
spirit to struggle for liberty. Who is there that hear
of the cruelties of the Slave Trade but must execrate
pit? and the time I trust will come when the man would
not dare to appear in society who avowed himself its
advocate.—May I mention Bolivar, the glorious Boli-
var ! whose name shall be weighed by posterity with
that of Washington, than whom a greater cannot be
I named. And can it be supposed that these examplei
trill go no further ? Think you the negro will wear his.
'sibling content, in the neighbourhood where the poet
and the hero are to be found of the same cast ? Slavery !
accursed slavery! it is a blot on our escutcheon, and
One which the waters of the Atlantic cannot wash
out. Accept my thanks for my reception, it is after
the manner of Englishmen ; who are ever ready to
exaggerate merit, however humble, when employed in
an honourable and praiseworthy cause.
Sir J. SILIIII6IIe moved a vote of thanks to the Illustrious
Chairman, which having been seconded and acknowledged, the
