-

s

MEM

---- - "-- --- and the Emperor NAPOLEON himself bad not long since invaded owing to the scarcity of money, and mines are:completely neglected, 2d of March, are said to be handed about in the high
the impelling cause must Egypt, and was known to retain great predelictions for that part of the country being in an unsettled state. circles of London. The Duke of Wellington is supposed
, who supported the sys- his military career. Subsequent events confirm this view of the - to have been apprised of its contents.
subject ; and they disprove any strong predilection for Turkey in
pose it now—have become THE GREEK QUESTION. It is strongly expected that the Chancellor of the Ex-
the Ministry of which Mr, Fox had been the head. England,
r the sense of a common ...—......___ chequer's reluctance to making known any of his finan-
urged, by menace and force, Russian objects on Turkey TO LORD HOLLAND.
a common mischief. As clad projects arises from a very obvious cause—viz. as an
at Constantinople and Alexandria; and was more anxious My LoRD,—My second letter set forth the hardships .Irishman would express it, from the Right Hon. Gentle-
=pony, we shall presume to protect the Porte from French influence than from Rus. and cruelty of excluding the Christianpopulationof Candle man's intentions being unknown to himself.
both obvious, and all- sian aggression. Moreover, whatever Mr. Fox's general and from the benefitsof that independence for which they have The talkativeness of the Whigs when out of office cau
use is, the fact is there, abstract opinion might be, he was compelled, at that time, by the made such long and painful sacrifices. I believe I stated only be equalled by their taciturnity when in. The Lord
l actua state of the engagements of the Crown, to hold such lan- that the cruelty of such a measure, could only be ex-
riken, of the great moral Privy Seal is as silent as if his lips were closed by the
guage as is found in that letter ; for a treaty theta subsisted between ceeded by its impolicy. I will now prove this assertion instrument of his office ; and the Paymaster of the
Turkey add England, to which Russia was a party, by which each by putting it to the most superficial politician of the day,
Forces only opens his lips to defend the emoluments of
ty, praised the Whigs— was bound to protect the integrity of the other's dominions. That whether one of the first and indispensable acts of the Can-
his place.—Morning Herald.
or their steady and con- treaty expired a few months afterwards; but not till the Turks diets, will not be to invite either France or Russia to take Sir Charles Wetherell has been appointed counsel to
vas the Whigs, who had had, in other respects, grossly violated the articles of it. possession of the island, and afford them that protection the University of Oxford, vacant by the elevation of Mr.
~ It is, moreover, observable, that the proposal for guaranteeing which has been denied by England ? If there should be
1 post which it now occu-Sergeant Bosanquet to the bench.
Tarkey originated with France—a fact that does not disprove my a shadow of doubt on this subject, lam enabled to tell Some very splendid purchases have been lately made
short, that amelioration
position : that, excepting France, no European power ever wished the NOBLE Dux& and Ma. PEEL, that I frequently of furniture for the new Palace. Amongst them are a
converts—said the Noble to admit Turkey into the system of European politics, at least till heard this very Ethan discussed during my stay at Her- vase, which is said to have cost 14,0001. and a cabinet
that advocacy, they were 1789. Our treaty with Turkey
arose from our Russian connection, mione in 1827. These discussions took place immediately upwards of 7,0001.
re ; and were for going and from the invasion of Egypt by France: it lasted only seven after the arrival of the report that Ma. CANNING in- We understand 10 per cent. bas been deducted fro].
years."
Sawn, than the original —...40,—.-- • tended to restrict the limits to the Isthmus of Corinth. , the salaries of the clerks in the Stamp-office at Somerset-
Like the chiefs and deputies of Western Greece and At- house,
listed to go. Lord Joao; We have the pleasure to announce to our readers that
tics, those of Candia also assembled, and having been in- We understand that the New Police will be spsedily
mimportance of which we the Regents of Her Majesty, the Youthful QUEEN of vited to attend the first meeting, at which not less than introduced in the City, upon the proposition of Alderman
the burden of his theme; PORTUGAL, having taken into consideration the grie- fifty persons were present, they declared to a man, that Wood, seconded by Alderman Thompson.
meat which was given to vous complaint made to Parliament by the Earl of nothing should ever induce them to return to the Turkish
, Saturday the despatches for St. Helena, Prince of
e minority which divided ABERDEEN, of' the existence and residence of the •
voke' adding their determination to apply for protection Wales's Island, and China, by the ship Marquis Camden,
to France, if abandoned by this country. Is it necessary Captain Thomas Larkins,
example of Candia house, and delivered to the purser of that ship.
_
were closed at the East India-
:coincide with the Noble Regency in this city : they, notwithstanding the false to suggest to your Lordship that the
opinions : even in their statements, and the unjustifiable and ill-natured lan- will be followed by the people of Epirus, Etolia, Attica, Saturday the dispatches for St. Helena, Prince of Wales
higs were never sincere— guage made use of by the Noble Earl on that and Eubea ? Island, and China, b gra ship Marquis Camden, Capt.
was ad captandum—it occasion, have determined to afford his Lordship The more I reflect on the mode in which a question Thomas Larkins, were closed at the East India House,
apt INS, and the equally the most unequivocal satisfaction on this point, by the of such vital importance to the general interests and and delivered to the Purser of that ship.
peace of Europe has been managed, the more lam con- His Grace the Duke of Northumberland has appointed
power. And now, it is Disssolution of the Regency in
London—for the legs- vinced that the Protocols have been drawn up by men
L they see other advocates timate and more essential purpose, however, which may almost totally ignorant of the great bearings of the Greek Viscount Forbes, Member of Parliament for the county
of Longford, Governor of that county, in the room of the
th unquestionable earnest- not prove so satisfactory to his Lordship of estab- question, and especially the sentiments of the Greek Earl of Granard, resigned.—Dublin Evening Mail.
uspicion, or enthusiastic fishing themselves and entering on their fungi- People'
As the friend of Greece, then, and of my coun- There was a Meeting for the Abolition of Tithes in the
try, I would entreat the Duke of to Union of Rathangan, county of Wexford, on Sunday. It
which make them really tions, with all possible dispatch, in the capital •
weigh well the inevitable consequence of alienating the is said that upwards of 120 Protestants were present, and
uption should be carried. oT her . Faithful Majesty's own dominions—where predilection so often shown towards England by the people heartily co-operated in forwarding the object of the Meet-
Lord
Nilo:SlNT—and his we would recommend his " usurping, treacherous, of that country. And what more effectual mode to do ing..—trforning Relister.
ign from our first remarks, perfiJlous, cruel, perjured, and cowardly" • Majesty, not this, I would ask, than consigning them to their old WATERFORD ELECTION.—" Waterford, Thursday
f parties. The ranks of to await their arrival; but by a timely retreat permit him- slavery • ?
Evening.—Up to this moment I have been enabled to
With regard to Candia, your Lordship seems to be fully ascertain the accurate state of the poll. The Beresford i
e noble LORD represents self, through absence, to suffer that retributivejustiee,tlie aware of its vast importance, both in a commercial and party allege that they have a majority of 84 ; and the
ad unexpected accessions: reward of his crimes, viz, by having his head cut off in political point of view. Ido not exaggerate when I say, friends of the other candidates assert that their opponents
ain the battle was by the effigy, rather than in reality, in the way that the pre- that it is in both these respects, one of the most interest- is not more than 40 a head. It is quite certain, however,
found now in the van- silent of the regency was executed in effigy some ing spots in the world. Being more desirous of stating that the result of this day's poll gives Lord George
using opponents. Party, time ago at Oporto. Should Don MIGUEL wish to prominent facts, than entering into details on this subject, Beresford an increased majority. This city is in a state
I shall conclude my present communication, by asking of great excitement; but there is no serious rioting. I
ranised and dissolved : take refuge in this country, he must, no doubt,statesmen, if
what would be the feelings of British
now, but the possessors be again received as a Royal Guest, and as such we were one of these days announced that the whole, or a ' , that the majority of Lord George is not more than
oder. These—we repeat would recommend that the Foreign Secretary, instead of part of the soi-disant expedition preparing at Toulon, 50. Both parties are still sanguine of success."
aken signs, of the change following the Lord 'DUDLEY'S example, by giving up to against Algiers, were to be driven by stress of weather, Prince Polignac is so ill he cannot quit his chamber.
,untry. When all, but the him Argyll House, should direct apartments to be got in or any other pretext, to the shores of Candia or Egypt ? In a short time the chamber will quit him.—Figaro.
I have the honour to be, arc. The English now resident in Paris propose to give a
find, the issue to these— readiness for his "incorrigible*" Majesty in the King's- Feb. 27. 'B. ball on the 10th inst. for the benefit of their poor coun-
issession—cannot be by- mews, at Cross's Royal Monster Hotel, where lIRIMIEBNIMNIIIMINNEE I
A soi-discost Duke of Normandy has been spoken of trymen in that city.
we suppose he might be permitted to mingle forsome days. We are now threatened, with the speedy It is strange a spotted girl should be considered
F*lwo acu-
me who read the debate on. In kindred ferociousness with the savage inmates of that arrival of a false Napoleon, who is coming to Pens to riosity in London where so many may be met every day
olive to• the establishment menagerie, and where he might prove a profitable lion to claim pecuniary succour.—_ . .- - twkh a state in die streets.
. -1
s: • : ... . .
.
..- . •
• • .
. •
- . 1
........ .._ ........ ' - ----s
- . _
