
THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, JULY 8.

PRICE OF STOCKS irms DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Consoh, for money. '1;--July 7(4,l—Reduced 42i.
oJrutiann sit pr.—Etc. Bills, 4s. as. pt.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock 341 India Bonds, 2s. 3%. pr.
3 per Cent. Red. 69i Exateq. Bills 43. 6s. pre.
3 per Cent. Cons. Ann.6Blll Omniurn prem.
4 per Cent. 11544* English Tickers, 221. 6s.
S per Cent. Navy Wig I Cons. for ace. 701.1 if
L. Ann. 18 13-18tbsi

As we expected yesterday, accounts have arrived
this day from Spain. By the At.eurA cutter, arrived
at Plymouth, dispatches have been received from
Admiral PURVIS, dated the 14th ult. We are sorry
it is not yet in our power to announce the absolute
surrender of the French men of war. The fact was
not ascertained when the ALPIMA left Cadiz ; but,
from the subjeineal letters, our Readers will see that
no reasonable doubt can be entertained of this event
having taken place on the afternoon of the 14th, or
on the following day :

" PLYMOUTH, JULY 6.

N The ALPHEA cutter arrived here very early this
morning with d;spatches from Cadiz, which port she
left on the 14th ult. Lord COLLINGWOOD arrived off
• Cadiz about the 2d or 3d June, and the negociations
were proceeded on with the Junta of the Patriots as-
stmbled at Seville.

" On the 9th June the Spanish batteries opened on
the French ships, and the firing was renewed on the
two following days. It is said the Spaniards lost
only three or six men (for there are two statements)
during the cannonade. On the third day the French I
ships moved as high up as the Caraccas, when the
Spaniards wore about to attack them a second time
with 50 pieces of heavy artillery. It. appears that
General SPENCER'S brigade have landed; probably
after the removal of the French ships, as it is certain
that our fleet did not previously co-operate, as the ac-
counts state that only two English frigates were an-
chored within the Spanish squadron."

portion to their seal for their Ring and Country, and the urgent
necessity of the cause.
8. To that funds shall be added patriotic loans of money, to be
afterwards repaid infull ; and it Is expected from the/subtle aphis
of the inhabitants, that there will be no occasion fer forced Luaus,
or any other proceeding, which, though it might be violent,woiald
still be justifiable by the necessity of the case.
9. This Proclamation (Bando) shall be printed and published
by this bupreine Junta, and shall be placarded and circulated in
al! places.
10. All the Magistrates and Public functionaries are for the
present cnviirmed in their respective offres.
Sevil!e, ::9th May, 1808. (Signed)
1). JUAN BAU rtsTA ESTELLER, Sec. I.
D. J. B. PARDO, Sec. 2.
ADDRESS TO THE PEOPLE OF PORTUGAL.
Poirrt.ea:EsE—Your lot is, perhaps, the hardest ever
endured by any people on the earth. Your Princes
were compelled to fly from you, and the events in Spain.
have furnisluid an irrefragable proof of the absolute
necessity of that measure. You were ordered not to
defend yourselves, and you did not defend.yourselves.
JoNor offered to make you happy. and your happiness
has consisted in being treated with greater cruelty than
ti ; most ferocious conquerors inflict on the people
whom they have subdued by force of arn'is, and after
the most obstinate resistance. You have been dr
spoiled of your Princes, your laws, your usages, your
customs, your property, your liberty, even your lives
and your holy religion, which your enemies never
have respected, however they may, according to their
custom, have promised to protect it, and however they
may affect and pretend to have any sense of it them-
selves. Your Nobility has been annihilated, its pro.
perty confiscated in punishment of its fidelity and
loyalty. You have been basely dragged to foreign
countries, and compelled to prostrate yourselves at the
feet of the man who is the author of all your calami-
ties, and who, by the most horrible perfidy, has usurped
your Government, and rules you with a sceptre of
iron. Even now your troops have left your borders,
and are unveiling in chains to die in the defetze of
him who has oppressed you, by which means his deep
malignity may accomplish his purpose, by destroying
those who should constitute your strength, and by
rendering their lives-subservient to his triumphs, and
to the savage glory to which he aspires.
Sivain beheld your slavery, and the horrible evils
which followed it, with mingled sensations of grief
and despair. You are her brethren, and she panted
to fly to your assistance. But certain Chiefs, and a
Governmentaither weak or corrupt, kept her in chains,
and were preparing the means by which the ruin of
our King, our laws, our independence, our liberty,
our- lives, and even the holy religion in which we
are united, might accompany yours, by which a bar-
barous people might consummate their own triumph,
and accomplish the slavery of every nation in Europe,
our loyalty, our honour, our justice could not sub-
, mit to such flagrant atrocity ! We have broken our
.chains—let us then to action--we have armies, we
have chiefs, and the universal cry of Spain is, we will
die in defence of our country, but we will talc care that :lase
infamous enemies shall die with us. Come then, ye gene-
tons Po:tuguese, unite with Spain to die in defence
of your country, her banners expect you, they will
receive you as brethren infamously oppressed. The
cause of Spain and of Portugal is the same—distrust
not our troops—their wishes are the same as your
own, and you may reckon on their courage and their
strength as part of your sectaity.
You have among yourselves the object of your
vengeance; obey not the authors of yeeir naisfortune ;
attack them,they are but a handfulof miserable panic-
struck men, humiliated and conquered already by the
perfidy and cruelties which they have committed, and
which have covered them with disgrace in the eyes of
Europe and the world! Rise, then, in a body ; bura void
staining your honourable hands with crimes, for your
design is to resist them and to destroy them—our uni-
ted effoits will do for ;This perfidious nation ; and Por-
tugal, Spain, nay, all Europe, shall breathe or die
free, and like men !
Portugueze!—Your country is not in danger—it
is already gone—Unite, unite! and fly to restore and
to save it! . .
By direction of the Supreme Junta of Government,
(Signed) DON JUAN BAUTISTA F..STELLER, tat Sec.
DON JUAN BAUTISTA PARDO, 2el Sec.
Seville, May 30, ISOB.

and tesoerces in .hestility to etch etbcr, will soon
unite their means against the common enemy of
Europe.
Private letters state that the Swedish division tin-
der the command of General SANDALSo. who were pur-
suing the Russians beyond Cuopio, were, when the
last accounts came away, only 26 miles from the Rus-
sian town of Wy slot, which is beyond the Finland
frontier. The Russian naval force is blockaded in a
bay of Finland, by the Swedish Admiral.
GOTTENIBURGH, JUNE so.
Sir John Moore arrived from Stockholm hit night.
he immediately repaired on hoard the Victory. The
expedition will now (it is said,) sail the first fair
wind; but its destination yet remains a secret.
P. S. I learn this moment that the extra packet
' Prince of Wales, Captain T. C Mason, is on the
point of setting sail for England, with Colonel Mur-
ray, and dispatches from Admiral Sir James San-
marez.

STOCKHOLM, JUNE 2S.
His Royal Majesty has received the following re-
port from Field Marshal Count Klingspor :
• My last Report was of the 3d inst. and contained
an account of the position of the army, which it still

•
retain.
" Colonel Sandels reported to me, on the 4th inst.
that en the preceding day he ordered Lieut. Colonel
Fahlander to advance to Koinisto, in order to seize or

destroy the magazine which the enemy had formed in
that place. Oa this service the Swedish troops ac-
qUitted themselves. with so much gallantry and suc-
cess, that they took the magazine, a great part of
wh;•11 was distributed among the inhabitants, and
made several prisoners. MAURICE XLINGsi on."

" Hod-quarters, Brzhenad, June 10, 1808."

The following two reports have ucen received by
his Royal Majesty from Major-General Baron Vege-
sack, dated Hufwerovind, the 17th June, and-KarlsO,
the 21st of the same month While I was lying at
anchor in Bergham, the 12th and 15th instant, on
account of contrary winds, I received intelligence that
eighteen of the enemy's gun-beats were stationed near
Fungfonsund. I immediately communicated this in-
, telliger.,-e to Admiral Hjelmsbjerna, and desired him
to keep that flotilla in check, since on my farther ad-
vance to Abo, it would threaten my flank and rear.
,4 In consequence of a favourable change of the wind
the fleet weighed on the 13th, at night, and proceeded
-to Billholmssund, where it was joined by the gun-
brig Froja, four gun-boats, and four flat-bottomed
boats. The fleet dropped anchor in Billholmssund,
and waited there for further advice from Admiral
Hjelmbjerna. The 16th, at one o'clock in the
morning, Lieutenant Colonel Jonsscn arrived with a
division of the Admiral's squadion, on whose arrival
all the armed ships get under weigh and steered for
Pergas, in order to attack the Russian flotilla. Im-
mediately after intelligence was received that the
enemy, availing himself of a favourable breeze, had
weighed anchor, and was steering for. Pergas. The
fleet received orders to weigh, and on our arrival off
Prastwik, the north-east point of Nagu, the advanced
posts of the mass reported that the enemy's flotilla
had proceeded to Pemar. Not being able to obtain
any certain intelligence of the further course which
,the enemy had taken, I ordered the fleet to drop
anchor, in which situation we remained until Adju•
taut Wcnsen brought advice that the Russian flotilla
was lying in Sampassuad, between the islands of
Hirivensalo and Sattawa. The fleet immediately set
sail in pursuit of the enemy's flotilla, which our
squadron was ordered to attack while our land troops
should render themselves masters of Kirwensalo,
Kaskirta, and Kusto.
6, The army under my command, reinforced by
200 volunteers,' and the reserve of the regiments-41
Abolan and Bjorneburg, is divided into three bri•
gades, commanded by Major Torn ehjelm and Lin*.
tenant Colonels Ruitercrona and Baron Wrangel.
" Hafverosund, June.l7,3soe." •
The 17th of June, all the armed ships and trans.'
ports weighed anchor, and stood for Ferias, where
we came to anchor, in order to give tithe to the rear_
of the fleet of transports to come up as soon as they
had joined the fleet, we weighed, on the 18th. in the
morning, but were compelled by contrary winds to
come again to an anchor. Certain intelligence was.
now received, that the *Russian flotilla lead cleared
Sampassund, and put into Abo, where it was lying
under the bitteries of that place. The wind coming
fair on the 19th, the whole fleet got under weigh, and
brought up at night, about three quarters of a Swedish
mile front Abo,where the troops were landed the same
•

night.
,4 As soon as the horse guards and chasseurs were
disembarked, they filed off to form the advanced
guard, under the orders of Captain Broberg; the
first brigade, composed of the Foot Guards, covered
by a detachment of Sharpshooters, and the s,:cond,
consisting of Militia, formed a line of battle. About
200 of the Mass,.cemmanded by Lieutenant Mejfing,
began to construct an entrenchment, to cover the
boats ; the two battalions which were posted near
Kusta and Ka,lerm, and met with no enemy, re-
ceived orders to leave behind 100 men in each isle,
and to make a descent near Lentos, vi•ith the rest of
the troops. At half past three o'clock at night, the
first and second brigades, with the find artillery, were
landed, and advanced to Alla Lemo, on the high
road to Abo ; at eight o'clock the chain of advanced
posts began to tire on the enetny's Cossacks, and push
forr..ird, in order to -support the Guards and Chas-

seurs. The enemy, about 2000 strong, occupiezt
advantageoul position, and made a vigorous re.
ts3sce.

The action now became general, anti the cr,N
my's forces were reinforced by from 7 to bO6O
Your Royal Majesty's Guards fought as guards oaten
to fight, and the sharp.sbooters charged with the ut.
Inott gallantry ;notwithstanding the enemy's vast se-
periority in numbers, they were twice repulsed ; but
baying recei?ed certain intelligence that the wholeof
the Russian force was advancing from Tapoio, I
deted the troops, after a very severe conflict, which
lasted foutteen hours and a half, to re-embark, which
was done with the greatest cults- under protection
of the gun-boats, and at seven o'clock. at night the
whole fleet came to anchor off Karslo. Our loss in
the-above amounts to 194 killed and wounded.
(Signed) VEGISAC3:, Coat. Gc...1.
I Kanto, June 21, saos."
'The following letter is from one of the Of.icers
belonging to the
BRITISH EXPEDITION Ix TILE BALTIC:
GOTTENBURnii, JUNI: ro, isnot.
14:-DE.4'n SlR—Contraty to our expectation the fleets
Stilt remain in the harbour of this place, hut expect
.every hour to receive orders to get under weigh. No
Officer is suffered, on any account whatever, to go
on shore.

" The official accounts from Stockholm are of the
most gratifying nature. The Rusians have certainly
evacuated nearly the whole of Finland, and have
given up Abo, and the important fur.ress of Ewea.
burg. The peasantry throughout the country foogit
most brava), against them, and by derailing them of
supplies, or the means of obtaining them, forced their
enemies to retreat.
" It is now said, that one of the objects of this
pedition was the possession of Norway, hut a deputa.
tion from the inhabitants of that country, having, on
the first arrival of the troops here, waited on Sir J.
MOORE with a proposition, offering to open their bar.
bours to all British subjects, and to furnish them with
whatever articles of supply their country affords, pro.
vided they were suffered to remain independent of the
Swedish Government—The General considered it
proper to wait the decision of his Government on that
subject ; and it was on a special mission of such a na-
ture that Colonel MURRAY went to England.
" It would now' seem that his Britannic Majesty's
Ministers have acceded•to the proposal of the Netwc-
, gians ; and shat arrears to corroborate such an opi-
nion is, the retreat of the Swedish troops from their
frontiers, which is a fact, as they are actually now on
their March to Scania ; and the last visit of Sir Jona
MOORE to the borders of that country still further sup-
ports.it
" General Sir SOME MOCRE iskst gone on hoard
the Vacuum The fleet sails on Sunday next fur Eng-
land. Rendezvous Yarmouth Roads."
