FORLIGN FUNDS.

All South American Securities appear heavy in the Foreign Mar.
ket this morning. The most business doing was in Mexican and
Colombian Scrips. The expeditious talked of going to Soozh Ame-
rica, still frighten the speculators in South American Securities,
an•l the holders of the above Bonds are waiting the opportunity to
get rid of their Stock.

Current Prices : New Spanish 16i, Old 21 to Chilian 80. Rus.
sian 9(4 to 97, Austrian Scrip 96k, French Scrip 18, Mexican
Scrip 8, Colombian Scrip Ito Colombian 85i, Greek 31 dis•
Alliance Shares 18% to New Prwian 99g. to par, Old 98j, Irish
Shares I to 11, I'4ladium
To-morrow is settling day for all Foreio Securiti2.s.
Letters received to-day from Holland and Germany, state, that
all descriptions of Funds are upon the rise, and more in demand
than in the London Market.
FOREIGN EXCHANGES.

IlAstutacn, May 7.—On London, i 6. 7t. 2 Us. 36. 4i.
PETERSIIIMaIf, Ai 23.—0 n London, 9.5-16; 99.
:11Ay 3.-0.1 London, '5 M. 6. 17i.
Amstenzmsr, MAI' :.—On London, 39. 7. e M. 39. 5.
1' It ICE 01 STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Isank Stock 1.!1•1 2101/2
3 per Cent. Ite.iuced 953/8 'l4
3 per Cent. Cons. 96 IA 961/8-3i per Cts. 101% 78
per Cents. Old 100376 1. per Cents. New 1077/8 %
4 per Cents. Assented 1011/2 5/8
liank Long Ans. 22 15-16 'YB—lndia Bonds 82s. 80s.
1461, (I.:1,0()0) 455. 49s.—Small 455. 495.
Consols for Acct. 9614.

It has been sometimes a matter of complaint in the
Colonies, that the Government at home interferes with
their privileges; it cannot, however, be said that any
restriction is put en the privileges of writing or speak-
ing, which are exercised to a most unlimited extent in
more than one Colony. We are friends to the freedom
of discussion, but the gross personalities, and the wan-
ton alatt3c whirl', in the Colonial Journals, Arc heaped on
every person who ventures to differ from the planters, is
a dishonour to the Press, and, in many instances, a
disgrace to humanity. We have more than once
noticed the calumnies against Earl BATHURST and
his Majesty's Ministers, whose only crime is that they
wish to mitigate slavery, as far as it can be done
without endangering the safety and property of the Co-
lonists; and every Govet nor that is desirous of melior-
ating the condition of the slaves is attacked with as
much virulence as if he attempted to seize on a pla:itation
and appropriate it to his own use. This has been par-
ticularly the case in Bermuda.
la Demerara, however, the Governor and the Co-
lonists are on better terms, and the vituperations of 'h
Press are levalled not only against the British Govern-.
ment and the Missionaries, but even against education
and religion itself. 66 If," says the Demerara Colonist of
the 18th of February, we expect to create a commu-
nity of reading, moral, church going slaves, we are woe-
fully mistaken." Such an avowal as this would be a
disgrace to the darkest period of the monkish ages, or
to the worst state of African slavery; and yet it is tin-
' blushingly uttered in the 19th century, by persons who
boast of humanity and civilization. Again "In what
a predicament," says the same Demerara Colonist " do
the Colonial proprietors now stand ! Can the march of
events be possibly arrested? Shall they be allowed to
shut up the Chapels and banish the preachers and school-
masters, and keep the slaves in ignorance? This would,
indeed, he an effectual remedy; but there is no hope of
its being applied."
Another paragraph from this precious article, and we
have done.—" It is most unfortunate for the cause of
the planters, that they did not speak out in time. They
did not say, as they ought to have said, to the first ad-
vocates of missions and education—We shall not tole-
rate your plans till you prove to us that they ale safe I,
and necessary—we shall not suffer you to enlighten our'
slaves, who are by law our property, till you can demon-
strate that when 61ey are made religions and knowing
they will still conti:ale to be our slaves."
It is to declarations like these, and to that determined
resistance on the pat t of the planters to every attempt
at melin acing the state of slavery, that the discontent
I.f the slaves is to be attributed, and not to the wishes
of the Government, or the resolutions of the British Par-
liament in their favour. Hope, " the poor man's God,
the lullaby of cate"—hope, that conies to all, comes
nut to the negro, who is told that he and his posterity
must continue in unmitigated and interminable slavery
—that the Gospel, which the great founder of Christia-
Lily enjoined his dhciples to preach to every nation,
kindred, tongue, and people, must not be heard by the
poor Afiican. •

Such, in fact, is the very spirit of the article we have
quoted ; fur, be it observed, it is not directed against
any particular class of Missionaries, but against relisioso

instruction .itself. Nor is the Demerara Paper the
only Colonial Journal that advocates such principles,
though none that we have seen avows them with so
little disguise.

Ilamburgh Papers to the 7th instant also reached us
this morning. The following are extracts:

STOCKHOLM, APRIL 9.7.

The Storthing having petitioned his Majesty to pro-
long its Session to the end of June, it is said that his
Majesty has granted it, without restriction, for as long
a time as may be required.
from the resolutions of the Diet, which are now
printed, we find that the Palace of Rosenberg is as-
signed to her Majesty the Queen, as her resicence, in
ca•e she shoald survive the King ; and Tullgarn, now the
residence of the Princess Sophia A'hertina, to the 1' in-
cess Royal, together with a jointute of 60,000 rix-
dollars per annum.
