PARIS, JULY PA.

The Minister of the M trine has announced to the
:.lerzhants, that tlie King's fl .et having sailed to take
putsession ef B!..negal, they rn.ty no. load and di::
patch them yes:as for that 31ttiCalellte
It is clear, that what: Engltnd experiences a de.
6cit in several branc!ies of her revenue, France Ws
bt,n betterr4 by rlTtny of hers being increased.

' Ceneril Mouton aive7net was condemned to &As
on the 9:11, by the Council of War, 1.1.:0r., which Le
was tried, at Lyons. lie his apro,,lrd. Immediate:l
after the sentence his wife set out pust for Paris; show
she arrived on Sunday morning, and immediately
threw Lerselt at the King's feet, but withcut seal.
Several foreigners of rani: have lately placed
cbildren in the public schools of Paris. Many Eng-
lish, iti particular, are now to be found among the
'pupils of the Lyceums of Louis le Grand and
Henry IV.
• ROME, JCL? 4.

A polacre, under au English flag;litts brought into
this putt 48 Tuscans. re curd from slavery At 'l'u•.is.

, A M•til from Hamhurgh arrived this moroin7.
The German P.ipers which we have rt cvived by
contasm son►e interesting mu-Mlle:ice; the rtinoo4l
heads of which we subjoin :

.

•
be Amiss isi dee powaet isa sati • okik
sing to ate. ago.
corn that was burnt Is estimated at the value of 'linty
viousand dollars t the Mills burnt down were Insured
for ten thousand dollars.
On the 12th Mr. Reichard iniade his tlfth aerostatic.
voyage with great success. He descended at Vur.
'Etsvalde, having gene 7.4 German (S 6 English)
oil" in an hour and three quarters, and attained a
heireht Of SOW feet.

We have received Halifax and Nova Scotia Pipers
to the .sth July, which are completely barren of in.
tottoatirn, if we except a lengthened detail of the
ilial of a man who confused being guilty of seventeen
orders.

NAVAL IN'T'ELLIGENCE.

MAILS

DAY.

all. DUE.
Du. • 2 0
Waterford a - S u
Gerrniey and Jersey 0 4
RUC! • 0
11011.1m1 - 1 0
Ratie.‘"" - • - 0 0

Alt. DOR.
Lisbon • . - 0 0
Cadiz . • 0 0
Hambursh - 0
Gottenburib - 1 1
Brazils - . 0
Malta - - 4 0

FALMOUTH, JULY 24.
Sailed the Prince Ernest packet for Lisbon,-Qneen
Charlotte p‘cket for Gibraltar and Malta, and the
utc::eater packet for the Leeward Islands,.
kLYMCIUTH, JULY U.
Arrived the Comixsloop of war from Newfaur.d.
L d.—Wind W.N.W.

PORTSMOUTH, JULY 26.
Arrived, his Majesty's ship Burvat.ov from the
West. Indies; the Lord Wellington transport ,from
Genoa, Brydges transport from Corfu, and Robert
ead Camden transports• from Malta. Sailed . the.
Jriecess Amelia, BALSTON, for China; Venus, Kw.-
iguanowrn, for the Cape of Good Hope ; and the
Monmouth, HAYWOOD, for Jamaica.—Wind S.W.
DEAL, JULY•Its.
Ariived this morning and sailed for the giver, the
Colonist, BRANDI/01W, *3 days from Barbadoes ; the
Welt, RICHARDSON, from Bombay ; the London,
GOLDFINCH, trims Jamaica ; Princess of Wales, Snif.,,
from ditto; and till Rucker:, SOPER. from Grra4de.
Came op from Hull, the Hebe, Tnolanos, and
sailed for Calcutta.. Pot !Nick and remains the Htnry
ROXIInURGH, for Trinid id.
Five o'Clock.—Just arrived the New Galen, from
"NW, in America.
