WAR IN THE MST OF EUROPE.
FRONTIERS OF WrACHIA, JUNI 12.
The Turks have made a sortie from Silistria in the course of the
night of the sth or Gib inst. They attacked the Russians during
darknesr, and did much damage to them and to their works, but
were afterwards forced to retreat to the fortresses. The loss
of she Russians is estimated to be about 150 killed and three
buodred wounded; that of the Turks is not known. The
wounded are transported by water from Kallarasch to Odessa,
many fevers and partly the plague bring in Wallachia. There
is i.o change in the state of health at Bucharest ; but we have
from Gansu the afflicting news that the plague has also ap•
prated in that place. The military hospitals are nearly cleared of
their inmates by the pestilential disease, and we are under great
apprehensions respecting Odessa. The Divan has demanded
250.000 Turkish piastres of the merchants of Bucharest, in order
to establish new hospitals ; and 2,000,000 have been wanted of the
Boyars to maintain, during eve months, 200 relays for the use of
the army, but they refuse to pay them, and engage to furnish the
relays themselves, which of course will cost them nothing.
FRONTIERS OF WALLACHIA. JUNI 16.
A transport of 75,000 ducats and 2,000,000 piastres has lately
arrived at Bucharest for the pay of the army. The official advice.
of the 13th instant state 16 plague accidents at Bucharest,and eight
of the infected individuals have died. This is about the average
number of the daily victims. Considering that Bucharest contains
from 60,000 to 90,000 souls, the infection might be more disas-
trous. The physicians declare the disease (by order of the Russian
authorities) to be an epidemic putrid and nervous fever. The
patients generally die after three days disease but without
carbuncles, which are always attached to the oriental plague.-
-Another of our correspondents states, that according to the re-
ports of a physician, who, by order of the President, has visited
the hospitals Frail°, Gallatz, Stocatia, Burseu, Rimmick, &c. all
there places are infected by the same disease, and even accompa-
nied by carbuncles. The number of sick in these hospitals is al-
ready 25,000.
Sihstria is cannonaded very bard, and one of the suburbs already
burnt down, but Achim Paeba will hear nothing of surrender,—
The sortie from Muria has cost many lives to the Russians, being
quite unexpected, and in the middle of the night. A young and
• brave General, of the name of Schutalen, and Lieutenant Colonel
Baron Rewsky, ate said to have lost their lives. General Kirschow
bas sent a written summons to the Governor of Giusero to sur-
render, but the Parka has given no answer; and as.a reply was
demanded by the General, the Pasha declared that such a letter
did not need any answer.

FRENCH PAPERS.

FROM TM! MESSAGER DES CHAMBRES.
VIENNA, Jetta 28.
Baron de Budburg, Aide-de-Camp of General Diebitsch, has
brought to this capital a detailed account of the battle .f Kulato-
,:ba, on the 11th June, and of the events which succeeded it. This
Meer left the head-quarters at Madara on the 14th June. Since
his arrival a report has been spread here, that after three days
engagement Count Diebitsch, having learnt that the Grand
Vizier had re-entered Sammie, had sent Mr. Fenton, who
had previously been the negociator in some matters relative to the
Russian prisoners, to propose to the Turkish General a suspension
of arms, and even the preliminary basis of a Treaty of peace.—
..lug/bur:o Gazelle.
The Spanish Gamete of Bayonne contains the following article :
" A small Spanish vessel, the Admiral Benbow was attacked in
the seas of Gibraltar (dens les ease de Gibraltar), in 30 N. lat. and
40 W. long. by a schooner manned by about 60 pirates, half Ame-
ricans and half English. The Benbow at first made a vigorous de-
fence, but being too weak as bold out long it surrendered; the pi-
rates, after stripping it of every thing, abandoned it and steered to-
wards the south east, doubtless in the hope of plundering some ships
now on their voyage to the East Indies."
FROM THE CONSTITUTIONNEL.
TURKEY—BATTLE OF THE live OF JUNE,
• AND ITS coNszeuxiscas.
PARIS, Jo.: 8.
. The battle of the 11th of June, gained by General Diebitsch
over the Grand Vizier, is of an importance which neither the Eng-
lish papas nor the French politicians have been able to perceive.—
Not only has the Vizier failed, but his losses in various ways are of a
nature to deprive him of the means of making a new attempt. When
he arrived at &hernia he does not appear to have had more than a
mere escort of cavalry.
This loss can only be supplied by new levies. All the men of the
army will be stopped wherever they present themselves, as all the
passes of the Balkan are guarded. But they will only be men dis-
armed and discouraged, and trembling at the thought of the punish-
ment which, under such a master as Mahmoud, cannot fail being
inflicted on a good many of them. Henceforth General Reds
is freed from all anxiety, he has no one before him but
troops who are beaten, demoralised, and deprived of their
field equipage. The Russian line is freed from all insult.—
The siege of Mistrial continues, end the moral effect of the defeat
of the 11th of June b calculated to hasten the capitulation, which
will lead to that of Guirgewo, and other ports on the Danube, the
defence of which is rendered impossible by the defeat of the prin-
cipal Turkish body. We shall probably soon see the Empire of
the Crescent confined within the limits of the Chain of Remus. If
the Russian attack had been directed on the system adopted in the
glorious campaigns of the great army, the obstacles it has met would
act have prevented the fulfilment of those plans which carried the
invading army into the centre of the attacked country, and delivered
to it the capital of its enemies.
This, however, was prevented by the attitude of certain Cabinets
from prevailing in the Russian Counsels. Instead of hastening
events, they determined on adopting a besieging war. If the plague,
which is ravaging Wallachia, ceases, nothing will any longer oppose
the posts of Bessarabia from forming into line. When all is united,
no pretext, nor possibility of dissimulating, will any longer remain.
Explanations must then take place, and a state of things must be
ended which neither party could long sustain. Whatever may have
been the object of Russia in beginning this war, events, stronger
than human foresight, have brought things to a point at which its
moderation must yield before the head of iron which opposes it.
It is vain to expect to see the Sultan yield to the sweetened lan-
guage of the Christian diplomatists. He distrusts the mediating
Powers, and will hear nothing. General Diebitsch will continue
his proceedings according to instructions. Are they to seize Con.
stantinople and the two Straits? 77sat facts will reveal before long.
PROM- THE JOURNAL DES DEBATS.
PARIS, JULY 8.
It has been supposed that great mischief will arise from the
liberty which the Press of the Provinces has lately assumed after
its long slavery. But the evil is small—the advantage immense.
The evil is an accident, but the good habitual. The evil will cure
itself. while the good will alone remain. Would we then have no
laws—is that to be insulted, which ought to be respected? Are we
to disarm the Tribunals, after disarming the Censorship? No!
Give us laws as severe as you will, and leave the disturbers of
public order to the Magistrates • but do not excite the zeal of the
Members of the Bar, and advise them to proceed without having
taken the advice of the Minister of Justice, their principal.
FROM THE COURIER lIRANCAIL
PARIS, Joie 8.
We have not thought it right to mention the rumour now afloat,
that M. Pasquier is to succeed to the' Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
We find, however, on inquiry, that at present there is ne founda-
tion for the rumour. M. Pasquier, we must confess, would not
be our choice, for although be is not wanting either in experience
or facility of speaking, yet we do not think be has given sufficient
pledges of determination of character, or of a frank devotion to the
Constitutional principles of the corriltry.
It is, however, clear that such,sehoice would free us from the
danger of a POlignac Ministry, which was admitted by some
ambitious persons, who decrier themselves.
Faraccu Forms—Five per Cents. 109 f. 70c. 60c.—Three per
Cents. Illf. sc. 80f. 90c.—Bank Stock, I,64sG—Naples Stack,
86f. 40c. 90c.—Royal Spanish Lam. 7441.—Interminahle Spaniels
Annuities, 501 f. 50.—Haytian Loap. 465 f. 460 f.
PROM THE CONSTITUTIONNEL.
PARIS, JULY 7.
Lord Strangford's mission to &sail has not succeeded. It is
more than probable that this diplomatist was charged by the Bri.
tish Government to influence the Emperor Don Pedro to give'his
sanction to the usurpation and the crimes of Don Miguel. The
Austro-Britrnnic policy went further ; it contemplated the mar-
riage of Donna Maria with the Caligula of the Tagus; but Don
Pedro would not sacrifice either his daughter or his authority, or
the people of ancient Lusitania. Hence he incurred the ban and
hatred of the Duke of Wellington; and suddenly the most violent
threats have been made against Brazil. Some old' pecuniary
claims also have been kept in reserve against this Scata; and Lord',
Ponsonby has declared to the authorities at Rio Janeiro that if they
did not, within forty-eight hours, pay the English four hundred
thousand pounds sterling, he would bombard the city. Thb
single act would ssffice to throw light on the perfidy of the
English Government respecting the affairs of Portugal, had not
Mr. Peel and the Duke of Wellington, when forced to explain, al-
ready disclosed their after thoughts to Parliament. England no
longer hesitates between the legitimate Sovereign and the Usurper;
such is her policy ; and when her interests are concerned she
tramples under foot the rights of the Sovereign, the rights .1 the
people, sad the rights of humarity, indiscriminately; and this is
the price at which she perposes to preserve her ancient alliance
with Portugal. Henceforward Don Miguel may reckon upon the
proceed= of the Doke of Wellington; and so. no doubt, ,more

i~
