lIAMBURGII, FEBRUARY is.

An article sent by the Swedish Consul at Algiers
to 77se 'Coririef deStodhok. confirms the news that
the lley and the ltegenky of that State have positively
fefused to accede to the demands which have been
made, in the name of the Powers assembled at the
Congress of Aix-la-Chapelle. The two Admiral,
French and English, were charged to demand from
the lley a declaration in writing, that he would not,
lin future, cruize against any Christian Power. The
lley replied, that he would observe his treaties with
all the Powerb, but that he reserved the right of
making wan- on those Powers who did not observe
their engagements towards him ; 'and that, moreover,
• he would persist in making his cruizers visit all nier-
eaant shii;s, and capture them, when their passports
are informal.

It is difficult to believe that the Anglo-French
squadron will suffer itself to be sent away with an
answer so insolent ; at the same time, the silence
which England And France preserve, as to the result
of the proceedings, affords reason to presume tit*
the Algerines have answered the propositions of Con-
gress by a refusal of some sort.
• No obligation in writing would, however, prevent
the Regency of Algiers from continuing its piracies,
for it faithfully promised, in writing. to England, in
' 1816, to abolish slavery, and yet all the prisoners
made since chat period have been treated as slaves.
French Five per Cents. SAturday, 74fr. 15c.
PRIVATE LETTER.

a FARIS, FEBRUARY 25.

" Nothing can be more vague—more difficult to
catch or comprehend, than the state of people's minds
here, since the change of Ministry. There is much
doubt and alarm—all parties are discontented with
the change. The Liberals are dispirited and terri-
fied, and, I ur.derstind, heartily repent their uncom-
promising hostility to the late Minister—whilst the
eclat, with which he has retreated, and the probabilitd
of his return, together with the distinct refusal of the
Duke of Richelieu to make common cause with the
Ultras, has enraged the latter. Even 'the King does
not escape their resentinent—they'ipeak of him, in
.their angry moments, in the grossest way ;*but even
in the ferment of politics, they •do not forget their
pleasantries. • The Duke Decaaes,in allusion to his
receiving his dignity on the assassination of the
Prince, is called a Due du Sang—Duke of the Mood!
It is really curious to observe the deportment of the
Ultras. They appear, some in parties of two or three
others alone, gesticulating and talking with myste-
rious vehemence.' Some call this stratagem, others
fury, which latter I think is the case ; and, after all,
there is reason for them to be enraged. They have
sacrificed fortune, and borne exile and poverty...for
the Bourbons.

" The Bourbons are restored, but the party return
with all their preteusiOns to former rank and power,
which is so far from being indOlged, that they find
themselves objects of derision. The majority is re-
volutionary, and a majority can always turn the
laugh against the lesser number. Their Counsels
would ruin France, yet it is natural for them to think
they ate ill-used. The present will be an important
year for France. The Government is scarcely strong
enough to stand a free Press ; and if the Press be
silenced, let them beware of the coups detats of the
revolution. It was reported, among other party •
rnanceuvres, that the Duke of Wellington was
coming over here to impress upon the King the ne-
cessity of appointing a purely Royalist Administra-
tion. He is in great favour v..ith that party, and it is
the general opinion that Decazes never had the con-
fidence even of the British Cabinet. It is reported,
that he declines the Embassy to London."

Letters of the Bth from Cadiz, and of the 14th Inst.
'from Madrid, have been received, but they do not
venture to say a word on the subject of the insui:ec-
tion. A courier extraordinary lie is a person of
title) has also. arrived. at the Spanish Ambassador's,
with later dates from both places. It is understood
that King FERDINAND has made a pointed application
to Prussia for a body of men to be sent to his aid. We
are also credibly informed, that our Government has
been solicited to allow part of the garrison of Gibral-1
tar to proceed to Cadiz, but to the credit of Ministers
they have declined all interference.
A fcw English Officers, on the evening of the 6th
ultimo, went over from the garrison of Gibraltar to
Algesiras, Where they remained. all night with the
Constitutionalists, whom they found in high spirits
and discipline. They assured Our countrymen, tha:
they were so well informed of the state of public
feeling, and the disposition of the KiNo's troops in
their favour, That they feared little interruption to
their designs, which then were, io proceed in succes-
sion to the principal towns, where, if favourably re-
ceired, as they anticipated, they would establish the
Constitution, and afterwards march direct upon the
`capital. The former part of this design appears to
I have commeaccil on the morning of the 7th, when a
division of the Constitutional force in Algesiras was
seen from the rock of Gibraltar, which commands a
view of the while country, marching in the direction
of Ronda. In Algegras the numbers had augmented
to 4000, and this division would probably contain
half that force. The troops of General O'DoNNELL,

who was at St. Roque with about .2000 men, were
'at'the'same time seen in motion : they marched out
of the.place, when, the morning being somewhak
hazy, they were lost sight of. All this, passing im-
mediately under'.the view of Gibraltar, must have
been, as it is describe'd; a .pcene of great interest.
The entire force of the Royalists, in the neigh-
bourhood of Cadiz, consisted of about 9090 men,
including those commanded by General O'DONNELL
in St. Roque ; and the remainder were diAtibuted
under Generals FREYRE in Port St. Mary's, CRUZ
LA MOUROEON in Chictana, and MICUELENO in
Puerto Real. It is now stated, that could the inha-
bitants have found arms on the night of SAw•rieoo's
insurrection, so prevalent was the disposition to join
him, that the affair must have led to the most inr-
portant consequences. Of the Royalist force above
mentioned, about one-half was composed of troops
formerly attached to the Expeditionary army ; and
it was generally understood that no confidence could
be placed in them, but that they would join the
Constitutionalists on the first opportunity that pre-
sented itself. '

" PARTS, FEBRUARY '26.

" The Rebels, as Ferdioand and his friends call
them, of La Isla, hitherto deaf to the paternal calls
of the best sy. Kings, far from thinking of laying
down their arms, and imploring mercy and pardon
for the dreadful crime into which they have rushed,
in demanding the re-estahliohment of the Constitu-
tion, are amusing themselves by fortifying their pre-
sent position 'and increasing their numbers. 1 have
seen two letters from Madrid, of the 14th, which
state, that the Government does not know which v:ray
to act, for positive ruin is before their eyes. The
worst is, that the army under Freyre does not hcsi-
' tate openly to declare, tha they will net shed a drop
of the blood of their countrymen. Hence were the
2,000 men under Colonel Riego enabled to pass on
to Algesit as, under the very noses of the King's Of-
ficers, and they could not prevent it, indeed they had
enough to do to keep their men together ; and if
Riego had only known what was passing among
them, he would have had most of them."

We have been favoured with the following' extract
of a letter from Ti kuidad, dated December 18 :
" tiocivAii, with the whole of the united term, were pre-
petit% to take up• their line of march on the coast. The only
put tion of Venezuela Cr' New Granada that is yet in possession
of the Spaniard'., Cartacas de Lton, will be occupied during
the present month, and Mostu.° will be compelled to suit Va-
lencia by the commencement of Januari, and become reduced
to the fortilcations of Porto Cavello, which, with a few vessels
of war, will be obliged to surrender."

PROCLAMATION.

a Palace of Government, 4ogostura. Dec. 14, 1819.

di SIMON BOLIVAR, President cf the State, Captain-
General,'Scc. to U. brave Soldiers of the Irish Legion.

"I R tal !--Having loft your cwn country, in order to fol-
low the generous sentiments which have always distinguished
ysu among the illustrious of Europe, I have the glory now to
number you among the adopted children of Venezuela, and to
esteem you as the defenders of the liberty of Columbia.

'annum; !—Your sacrifices exceed all praise, and scarcely
has Venezuela sufficient means to reward you according to your
merits; but whatever Venezuela possesses, and can dispose of, I
shall with pleasure be consecrated to the use of distinguished
foreigners, who come to offer their lives aad services as'a tribute
to our infant Republic. The promises which the virtuous and
brave General D'Evaarez has made you, as the ground-work
of your iacorporation with the Liberating Army, shall be reli-
giously fulfilled on the part of the Government and people of
Venezuela. Be assured, that we will prefer the privation of all
our property, rather than divest you .f any of your most sa.
cred rights.
6' larsuatart!—Tour most just and sublime recompence is
I preparing for you in the page of history, and in the benedictions
of the New World. (Signed) " SIMON BOLIVAR."

Yesterday, at one o'clock, his MAJESTY left his Pit
lace, in Pall-mall, for the Pavilion; at Brighton. His
MAJESTY went in his travelling carriage, with three
outriders. It being the first•time of the KING leav-
ing his Palace since his Accession to the Throne, he
was escorted, for the first time, by a guard of Light
Horse (Lancers)—four before, and four behind, the
carria;e. They proceeded through Pall-mall, St.
James s Par k, Pimlico, along Vauxhall-bridge, &c.
The 'Duke of Yoke: had an interview with the
King yesterday morning, upon military business,
previous to his leaving town for the Pavilion, at
Brighten.
testerday, at three o'clock, the Duke of YORK
held a Levee, at his Office, in the Horse Guards,
which was numerously attended.
The Duchess of CLARENCE visited the Duchess of
KENT on Monday, at the King's Palace at Kensing-
ton. The Duchess of Cr ARENCE is most exemplary
in her attentions to the Duchess of KENT under the
afflicting loss of her beloved Royal Duke.
The Duke of BEDFORD has taken Lord Anson's
house in St. James's-square, to which his Grace and
family will' retrieve in a few days.
Mr. HOBNOUSE has been released from Newgate,
and to-morrow he dines, by invitation, with his West-
minster friends, at the Crown and Anchor. Tavern.
Lord ERSKINE and Mr. WALTER SCOTT were
present . during the performance of The Heart of
Mid Lothian, on Wednesday night, at Edinburgh,
and were loudly cheered on their entrance and de-

parture.
DRURY-LANE THEATRE.—Last night, after the
Opera of Guy Mannering, the Musical Entertain.
ment of The Quaker was performed, the part of Steady
by Mr. Iscr.F.Dos. The circumstances of his entrance
on the Stage clearly marked the old and distinguished
public favourite : it was cheered by rounds of geod-
natured plaudits, which for some time kept the Lusi-
ness of the piece at a stand. Ile looked extremely
well.. Ws first sang; " IVhdc the Lads al tAe Village,'
fully justified the. applause bestowed in anticipati.ml,
and proved that the rich, strong, mellow tones of his
voice were little, if at all impaired, at least since his
last appearance on this Stage. k was rapturously
encored. Ills other songs also sheaved the master in
his art,
and commanded ger.sral admiraticw.

"..v 4.-. • -

AGGREGATE MEETING OF TYE CATHO-
LICS OF IRELAND.

Conformable to a Requisition, a Meeting was he:d
on Friday, at two, at Liffey-street Chapel, Dublin, for
the purpose of agreeing to the pmsentation of an
Address of Condolence to the Kisu, on the sairjoct
of the death of his-late MAJESTY. Lord FINGAL
took the Chair, and Mr. O'GormAri acted as ecic-
tary ; when a short and pithy Address, expressive
of the sorrow of the Catholic copulation for the loss
of their revered 'ifs°, and also of a hope that his pre-
sent MAJESTY would be the happy instrument-. of
*forwarding their claims for a commenion of rights,
was passed unanimously. It was suggested, that
the sentiments contained in the Resolutions of Alit?.
should be rescinded or disavowed. The motion,
however, did not pass, 't not bring the wish of the
Meeting to mix the subject with the present proceed-
ings.

NAVAL INIT,LLIGENCE.

Fa'Atoms, FEL N.E.—.lrrived the Asia, Lnc►
saY, fawn Liverpool fur London ; and the Cynthia, front Chef- •
stow fur ditto. AfriVed at Helferd, thc Grace, CA UAW:, from
St. 'Michael's.

PLYMOUTH, Pas. 28.—Wind E.—.lrrivedk Berlein Basarde,
thsrassur, from Bayonne for London ; Tartar, DowtaxG, from
Seville for Leith; and Malta, Muat4.l-, fioni 'Ales:ilia for re-
tersbtsgh. Put back in distress, the SvNir, froin lit.
Michael's for London. Sailed the Kitty, I.li:it.Lita, for 'Terceira.

PORTSMOUTH, FICARVAILY 29.--.-AlTiVjd the I iarvey,
front Youghal, with loss'of anchor and cable under Dung t Les.;
and Plant, Snail, from Havre. .Put back the Lovely Attn.
lIUGHEI, with the lols of sails. Sailed the Acorn, Ma.:risroau,
for Newcastle; John, Powst.t., for la.ndon ; his Majesty's ship
Etym.:Err., for the Downs;, and a Laze Sect of Coasters to
the Eastward.

DEAL, FOSSVARY 29.—Wind S.W.—Came down from the
River, the Columba, HICIIAADS')N, for the Isle of Fri
Ceylon ; Tontine, Tuctur, for Pailadelphia; Betsy, 11t7nrci::,
for Bermuda ; Unicorn, WILS3N, foe Demarara; and lual
Stanhope, —, Arrived, and sailed fur the
River, the Norfolk, Sw.ltt, front South Georgia, wtth ios6 ef
anchor and cable; Iltanor, Wit.t srs, from Batirdcaux; Petrel,
Mitts, from Palermo ; Slope,
•f Genoa.; with
several others, particulars Itokucwn. The Columbo saiaed this
morning, and rut back again,
Ilauwien, v.o.—Ar:ivcd the Prince of Orange
Packet, front Hiniand; Lord 1./..:ican (Lao, front Cuxhaven ;
Jane and Thetis ditto, from (iJaentrarL;; all with. Mani.—
Wind W.S.W.

LYIIINCTON, Ft.. 28.—The Fiii:t, WAR N, from I)ut:ba:. to r
Bristol, which sailed from hem:. ! .he tikith inst. having put is
with damage and leaky, fouled her Zinc:lora in Swat:tare Ilay oa
Saturday evcning, and was obliged to I).e ritn on shore. She
has since sunk, and it is feaad wiil not b go: up—:rcw
DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZE-MONEY.
The Active for the Clio, on board the nth insL and recalled
at No. 2, Kerr-street, l'lyinouth-decd. •

Yesterday the Dispatches were closed at the East
India House, and delivered to-the Pursers of the fcl-
lowing ships, viz. Dt111:1-.1, Captain M. Hammrox,
and Rlarquis of Huntly, Captain D. M‘LEon, lcv
Bombay and China.
l'assengers I/unit-a—For Borrbay—"lr. 'Waken, factor •
Messrs. Elphinston, Plane, and Jackson, A•rittrs; Mr. Surged -
Baird, mr. Assistant-strp-on Duwnev; 31ajor-Getterid Heni
Lawrence ; Messrs. I;..rtune, Poole, •Pelham, Cafrtpbell, Euni,
Conyngham, Barlow, Wynt,n., licie, Whitaker, Burnett, ar.
Preoyn, Cadets; Mr. Ryder !Lyman, voluntetr, Bentb_
marine.

Passengers rer Marquis of Huntly—For Bombay—Mr.
butlitiot, writer; Lieutenant-Colonel and Mrs. Dyson, "1.•
and Mrs, Cowper; Mr. Aiiistlat-Surgeon Stuart; Missc,
Maitland a;:d T. Gwinnets; Messrs. Hockin, Cooke, Dad..
Dardes, Hobson, and Gordon, Cadets.

The following particu).ars of the loss of the Lon-
Cathcart, are extracted from n letter from the Mats
of the vessel, dated Fiume, February 5 :_

" I am sorry to be. under the necessity of informing you of
the loss of the ship Lord Cathcart, and of the melancholy con-
sequences which attended it. We experienced nothing but hard
gales from the time of our leaving Fiume till the 12th, when we
met with a fresh breeze from the N. N. W. At five r. as. the
Island o( Pelagasa bore W.S. W. supposed distance about five
miles. We were then steering S.S.E. by compass the ship run-
ning at the rate of five knots an hour, under doable-reefed top-
'
sails, fore-sail, and mizen-topgallant-sail, with a heavy sere/1
from the northward. At five minutes before six o'clock, the
Iship struck on a sunken rock, and in about ten minutes went to
the bottom : myself and eleven more succeeded in cutting the
boat's lashing as the ship went down, and were fortunately
floated off the decks. I repeatedly called to Captain Tarrand
to come into the boat before the ship went down; hut-she wer.t
down before he was able to join usi. With him perish...Li 3.
Morrison, the carpenter ; 11. Lloyd, C. Wheel, and N. Vieflift.
a lad belonging to Fiume. After driving about the sea for two
days and two nights, we were fortunate enough to reach the shore,
about 15 miles from this place, and went in search of bread and
water, having taken no sustenance since leaving the ship, but
were not able to procure any. We then returned to our boat-
bat were unable to launch them, en account of the heavy swell
which had set in ; we remained en the beach two days and two
nights, without any relief except water; and, subsisting up... 2
two pigs which were fortunately kept in the boat, wo arrived a:
this place to-day, in a mast distressed state, one half of our
people being in their hammocks at the time of the disaster.
arc now in quarantine, and I expect will be sent to_Naples the
course of a few day,, to be at the disposal of the Consld-Gener..l.-'
Extract of a letter from an Officer belonging to
hi's Majesty's ship OwEN GLEsboweu, which reached
Rio Janicro from Madeira in the extraordinary short
space of thirty days:
" 11. M. S. Owen Okn4uwe., Rio Janeiro., Dec. 22, 1819.

" I little thought to have this day the pleasure ef writing to
you Crum Rio Janeiro; but our passage has been astot4airq-le
short, having run from Madeira hither In thirty deli, whleh
snakes,an average of 195 miles per diem. Sir nomAs Ilt.stiv
sailed with the Vesicxen and IlvrritioN about a f•rtuight
since. We find orders here to proceed with all possible speed
to Monte Video, on arrival of the January packet. We leers
a great deal here respecting Lord Coen&Ase. Maly of the
reports current in Eugland are very false, esgeci.lly that of has
making so much prize-money. You 'may safcly assert that bt I
has not made one-fourth of the sum so liberally awarded to hint '
in some of the English Pagers. lie gives very great eueourage-
ment to Wash sailors, best has acted extremely honourable in
many instances, when deserters have joined .his feet, ale,.
sending them back, and taking proree opportunities to will
names of those who have entered. Ile has got tiveiasse:l
shipnten, and wishes fur more; of course they get Lientznar!
conintissions in the Chi!ian service. When Lord esCHRANEV.,
last seen, he v.-as preparing to attack the squadron at Lin-.3, r•
it is generally believed he has succeeded before now. Ile is n-t •
vided with every kind of offensive weapon used in the Ere;s7
service, particularly the Congreve rockets; and Lord:Ccciie.o.
says it is to their detractive effects he is indebted for success 1,1
most of his attempts among the Spanish xessels. His Lords is
acts very wisely iu keeping up so good an understaadieg wits
the British feet; it is the best proof he has .ever shewu of his
discretion."

By a letter front MAlta, of the 15th January, the
trial of Captain ikluno and his crew, for pitaey, has
been postponed till the 126th of that month, and it
was doubtful whether a Jury could be formed theta.
in which ease the Prisoners %void,' be serum Englanc.
A beautiful Church is about to bi erected at liar-
with, on the site of the present old dilapidated one.
which is to be taken down. The estimated expellee
of the new building is £5OOO. •
Lord and Lady GRANVILLE' had a select party
at dinner yesterday, at their house imßruton-street,'
Berkelersquare.

~ • •

nici:r for Parliamentxr; Ref;rm. We are now going
to ':save a new Pa:-liarmnt, a'.:d if those who profess
to :.riends to Reform are tralv-serious, now is the
to effect it. As to those who have Leers deemed
the ft.,lica/s, and the'r leaders, I never supp•):ed.
th,nn scrso.is in what they professed : their inquietude
arcs:: tress, occasi,ined by the dearness of pro-
visions 0, :'di I still mean to point out modes of re-
in price) and want of employ, and which they
taught to believe they.s:-.oidd find a remedy fur
in a ltc.rin in Parliament. That such a Reform is
r.ece..s.:ry, so that every Tiestion of importance to
the l'eode should stand on its own met its in the Douse
tf :::;m:,ions, and not he v.vayed by Znisterial
is much t 0 be ..esixed ; add if the Electors, in
vc,:n is vested Ly the Constitution the power of
i;..-le.6ittes to Parliament to vote ft-ir them,
:ind who are entrusted v. ith this privilege for the
Fenelit of the Non-Electots, and whose interests they
lotind, in lic.nour and co.-,science, to consider
their o, r. and as their own; jl. die Electors
rn gCneral interest, they would soon
Lave w!:.it. I n:dl a Parliament of their Own. it MCC'S
iv r.2.c.iltition and firmness. but if, on the con-
they will sacrifice their dearest interests to a
rre.e:lt ad-.,antage, and give their yore:, "WhiLli
are a :acre: trust. to those s.ho will zive them a I,!iv
1,),r.d!,, become ti.eir customers, promise them ow
somethini, of little comparative value, and
v.-:1;cli may never be realized ; if they arc se weak, so
to th;:ir neighbours, and so inimical, in the
en.(. Ciem.elve,, as to sacrifice this sacred trust
to ti:e i,erstiasi)ns or 'interested motive. of those
to then, they must condemn themselves
ft:r i:s bring on themselves, their
.n.d their I,Ai.A.--ccuntrynien. The clamour
:s :.con, for :he Pa. ilinent to reform themselves.
ask otil,:.rs for diem what is in their own
to do ? Or wl.y should they expect the Par-
to .0, what they INI.II not do for themseliies?
i!i; out, such may say, how we can do it, and we
t.l inmicaia.ely set about it. The first thing, then,
to be done, is to make no promise, but act as they may
.11..1 it nece.,:try ; and read what I have said on this
ia a pamphlet entitled, A Sure and Pratfca-
•. ..:ode of uLtaining a Rflann in Parliament bj Con-
Means, addre,scd to the Electors; and if
they are serious in what they seem to wish, they will
immediately proceed to adopt it.
The modes are too long to insert here, or I would
do it ; I must, therefore, refer them to the Pamphlet.
The Non-Electors will there find ways sufficiently
powerful to influence the Electors, if they are not true
to their trust.

To complain of taxes, which it is in the Electors'
power to prevent, is idle. Taxes are necessary for
the business of the State; but there are oppressive
taxes, and taxes unoppressive, and these latter should
be adopted. But there are persons in office, that re-
gulate these taxes, that would do well to listen some-
times to those who are not immediately about them.
I speak this from conviction. The last •oppressive
taxes of three millions, imposed on the People yearly,
on articles of necessary consumption, might as well
have been taken from the Sinking Fund, as the five
millions the Ministers lost. But I trust .1 may be
credited in saying, that I wrote to the late Mr. PER-
CIVAL, and told him I could point out a tax that
.would never be murmured at, that would bring in
!.:200,000 a-year—the interest of five millions of
money ; that it was on an article that never had been
taxed ; that it could not be evaded, and would be
collected at a very small expense ; that it was cus-
tomary to reward the proposer of a tax, by. giving
him five per cent. on the first year's produce of such

tax, if adopted; and 1 would make him acquainted
with the particulars, which had cost me both time
and money to ascertain its produce. I received an
answer to this effect :—“ Sir, I shall be happy to re-
ceive your communications; but as to remuneration,
it is out of the question."—Of course I did not cum-
rrtinicate ; fur I had experienced the want of jibe-.
rality in Lord NOitTff, when he was Chancellor of
the Exchequer, having sent him the Receipt Tax,
under an expectation of some remLneration, but never
received any. The same comcnunication I made to
Mr. VANSITTART as I had done to Mr. PEHCIVAL,
and received a similar reply. This communication
was made just before he proposed the taxes for three
millions in Parliament, so much complained of, and
ould have obviated that necessity. I think this fact
;:reds no comment.
If doe Electors feel a proer resentment, they will
inimealiately adopt the modes I have pointed out
in the publication I have mentione.!; it will
cost them but a uitie. liiut the truth is, I tear my
e:.eitions will be fluitiess. Tl:Lre is, unfortunately,
no vi: tue arnoti the Peoplo; we are too touch, by
I.lxury, degenerated from the Stoical resolution and
v:.,our of our ancestors, are grown effeminate, and
ink in csLitancy and apathy. H,,v.•ever, as a lice
;Ind independent citizen, I ter that I hare done my
J.,ty ; pointed out the modes by which we may
6611 be free ana unfettered; and if those in whose
hands our heedom is intrusted, are so .:erv:le as to
imiter it aw4y for expectations that may never be
re..lized, they are sworn enemies to thentselves and
to their country. They have now an'olportnnity of
rendering themselves inimorial by a ni.iguanimous
conduct, which, if they miss, they may rue fur ano-

1. will be on the advantages of small
)ple in general ; and how far it is the
tded Proprietors not to throw two or
As into •one great one, but to divide,
their large 0ne,..: nit() small one.
8, 18110. JOHN TRUSLER.

gemw-'• •

r

It seems that Ministers are satisfiei, from dispatches
they have obtained from the country, but especially
from Birmingham, that the late diabolical plot was
entirely concerted, as it was to have :seen executed,
in London; and that though Thistlewood has for
some time held correspondence with Radicals at Bir-
mingham and Preston, they were not at all con-
nected with the Cato-street assassins. This fact was
stated at the Cabinet Council on Monday. The Earl
of lavEikeoot., Mr. CANNING, Lord lIARROWBV, and
several other of the Ministers, were present : they
were principally engaged, as was rumoured in the
Public Offices, in the detailed inspection of a great
Vat iety•of papers, finind at the lodgings of Thistle-
wood; when they were first stAzed, and taken to
Bow-street Police Office, they filled the whole front-
seat of a hackney-coach, and most of them are written
upon foolscap paper. Arn.)ng totem is a large mass
of c orrespondeace between Thistlewood and the North
of England.
Palin, for whose apprehension a reward of £2OO
has been offered, has not yet been apprehended.
A person attended on Monday at Bow-street Office,
by order of Sir Benjamin Bloomfield, to examine
the arms and combustibles found in the loft in Cato-
street. 1:po1i this occasion one of the hand -grenades,
to which allusion has been made, was opened. It
was found to consist, internally, of a cylindrical tin
box, closed at each•end, and containing about two
ounces of gunpowder ; from this there was a tin
tube, or fuse, of about three inches in length, filled
with damped gunpowder, which would of course
only ignite by slow degrees; around the whole was
wrapped a quantity of tow, saturated with tar, and
beyond this there was a quantity of old nails, pieces
of spikes, old iron, bits of broken files, &c. which
were bound together with tarred rope yarn ; forming
altogether nball of about six inches diameter, which,
when exploded, would spread its destructive effects
to a great distance, and each fragment of iron thus
diTersed ould be more injurious than a musket
ball, as it would inflict a more dangerous wound.
—From these preparations some estimate may be
formed of the deliberate and diabolical determinations.
of the conspirators.
Bow-STREET.—Yesterday, Edward Forster, alias
French Ned, charged with using seditious expressions
respecting the King, underwent an examination
before R. BIRNIE, Esq. The utterance of the ex-
pressions in. question were proved by the soldiers by
whom they were heard, and the prisoner was ordered
to find bail to answer for the offence at the Sessions.
—Not being prepared with his sureties, he was re-
manded to the custody of Salmon.
The lodgings of little Middington, of Radical no-
toriety, was yesterday morning searched by Laven-
der and Bishop. It was thought some of the conspi-
rators might be concealed on the premises; but
nothing of a suspicious nature was found.

7)a-;;c1son, the man of csiour, who stands commit-
ted in being concerned with This:lewoud and his gang
of assassins, in planning the murderous attack on
the Cabinet Ministers, was invariably in the habit of
spending his evenings at the Sun coffee-rooms, in
Barbican ; he would sit in a retired part of the rooms
for hour s together, and would not converse with any
person,.but always appeared to be in deep thought.
Whenever the conversation arose respecting Minis-
ters, he would instantly jump from his seat, and ex-
claim, " D—n them every or.e," and would then
leave the room. On the morning, of the murderous
attack, he was at the above rooms as early as eight
o'clock, and partook f a very hearty breakfast; he
remained there with his usual silence till about ten
o'clock, when two men came, and entered into deep
conversation with him, which lasted ten minutes, and
they then left in a great hurry.
Bow-srnEar.—Mona: PA Hmy', A s.—lt has been
ascertained that this horrid gang had their swords
flesh sharpened on the Tuesday previous to the Wed-
nesday, when the Earl a Harrowby was to give a
grand dinner to the Cabinet Ministers, the great Of-
ficers of State, and other official Gentlemen.
• Several other subscriptions from Gentlemen and
Noblemen, in and about Lond4n, and from the
country, have been received : among others, the
Earl of Essex sent ten pounds. Indeed, there is an
-universal feeling of gratitude towards this very
useful body of men, who, at the risk of their lives,
dispersed these midnight assassins.
Mr. Elliston yesterday went to the Office, and ir.
the most handsome manner offered the use of Drury-
lane Theatre, any night that might be agreed upon,
for the benefit of the officers, which is certainly a very
generous sacrifice for an individual who has taken the
Theatre at a very serious and heavy rent.
Thonias Preston.—This ignorant cobbler, after
being shortly examined on Nionday evening, before
I Mr. Br ItNIE, was sent to Covent-garden Watchhouse,
where he remained in confinement during that night.
He was yesterday morning removed from that place
of confinement to the Secretary of State's Office for
the Home Department, where, at twelve o'clock, the
Lords of the Council assembled, consisting of the
Cabinet Ministers, the Marquis of Camden, Mr.
Pcel, Sir William Scott, Sir John Nicoll, Mr. Sam-
ges Bourne, tovther with the Attorney and Solicitor
Generals, and other Law Officers.
Mr. Buller, one of the principal Clerks of the

s.~ ~.

This morning these Sessions were resumed before
Mr. HARRISON, and a full Bench of Magistrates.—
The calendar is very• heavy, containing no less than
forty-eight criminals, notwithstanding the Sessions
have so recently adjourned. On the Grand Jury
being called and sworn, the Chairman addressed
them as follows :
Gentlemen—ln other times and under other cir-
cumstances, I should content myself, in the few ob-
servations my duty calls on me to make, With lament-
ing the increase of crime, as appears by the Calendar;
but when I see such detestable means resorted to for
the perpetration of deeds but too notorious, 1 should
not perform my duty if I did not point out what ap-
pears to me to be the cause. I have, then, no hesita-
tion in saying, that the whole is attributable to the
unrestrained circulation of blasphemous and seditiotis
Publications, which have come under the notice of the
Court through the presentment of other Grand Ju-
rors; and there is now a Printer in the Borough
that stands in the situation of being called on for
judgment, whenever the Court thinks proper, for
pUblishing the Second Part of " The Age of Reason,"
written by Thomas Paine, whose malignity towards
Religion and good order, was equalled only by the
absurdity of his reasonings. That any such publica-
tions will come under your consideration I am not
aware; but should there be, you will discharge your
'duty to. yourselves and Country, by presenting them
to the notice of the Court."

The Grand Jury then withdrew, and the Traverse
Paper was proceeded in.

Tuesday seinnight, a man named Jefferson, while
employed in cleaning out a ditch, at Itickerhy, near
Carlisle, found ten pikes, wrapped in an old apron,
buried in the earth ; when, and why concealed there,
must be left to conjecture.

The town of Petersfield was thrown into great
confusion on Sunday se'nnight, by the appearance of
a number of persons marching in military array,
armed with muskets and sticks, and who, after pa-
rading the town, and exciting univers•il dismay, at-
tacked a house occupied by a cooper, of which they
toek forcible posses•ion. The authors of this out-
rage are known ; and an information, under the Se-
ditious 1.
Meetings' Act has been laid against the
whole of them.
Lord TALBOT has made very considerable improve-
ments, by draining the Plicenix Park, near Dublin.
While lately directing the work, Lord N—, takinsi
j his ride, came up. They entered into conversation.
Lord T— observed, " I wonder, my Lord, none of
my predo,essors ever thought of draining the Park ?"
—" Oh! your Excellency, replied Lord "they
were otherwise employed—they were draining the•
nation."

Yesterday, the Mercers' Company gave an elegant
Dinner, at their Hall, in Cheapside, to the Livery
of that Company. Among those present were, the
LORD MAYOR, Sir W. CURTIS, Alderman C. SUITII,
Captain D'EsTE (son of the Duke of SussEx), and
many other persons of distincti4,n.

The bail of MALMESBURY entertained the Am-
bassador of the NETHERLANDS and a distinguished
party yesterday, at his house in 11-street, Berke-
ley-square.
FIRES.—A fire broke out in the Manufactory of
Mr. BuLLIVINKLE, Wentworth-street, Whitechapel,
at four o'clock yesterday afternoon. It originated
from the furnace being overheated to dry colours;
the whole of the manufactory was destroyed.—Ano-
tiler fire broke out this morning at the premises of a
wheelwright, just at the entrance of Deptford, on the i
Lower-road. It was burning with great fury at nine'
o'clock ; the whole of the wheelwiight's premises,
and two houses adjoining, were nearly consumed.
• LAnos, FEBRUARY 22.—For some weeks past, the
unemployed operative weavers and labourers of this
place have been engaged in making foot-paths and
repairing bye lanes about the town, which has con-
tributed much to the comfort of the inhabitants.
The wages allowed (Is. 6d. for labourers, and 15:44.
for weavers) have been received with gratitude to
he benevolence of those who have thus seasonably
contributed to the relief of many needy And indus-
ixious families,

Iltcu BAILIFF—I. shall put no such Amendment.
Sir R. WILSON begged to snake one remark. He
did not conceive that the introduction of her Majes-
ty's name into the Address was at all necessary, as
she was not at.present in England ; " but (said the
gallant General) she is undoubtedly Qm!en of Eng-
land, and entitled to the aPegiancef:fthe British Peopso.
When she comes to England we will receive -her as
such; we shall remember that she is the daughter of
the greatest General in the world, sister of one who
fell nobly in the field, the mother of our lamented,
our beloved Princess Charlotte ; but above all, we
shall remember, that she is a woman having a double
claim on our feelings:'—(Loud applause).
Mr. YouNd said, that her Majesty's name was not
omitted front any disrespect, but because it was usual
to send separate Addresses to the King and Queen,
it was so done at the Accession of their late Majesties.
Mr. CALVERT, M.P. said, he could not let the
Meeting pass over without thanking the Gentiemea
who drew up the Requi,ition for leaving out every
thing of a political nature. Much might be expected
from a King, who to his (Mr. Calvert's) know•iede
had boasted of being brought up in political feeling
and principles with Mr. Fox ; and he looked forward
with great confidence to his reign.
Sir. ROBERT \VILsoN said, that on the subject which
had drawn them together there would be but one
sentiment. The virtues of his late Majesty were too
well known and appreciated to need much com-
ment; he had heard him more titan once declare,
that " an honest man was the noblest work of GOD ;"
and he believed no man ever t:ied to deserve that
character more than his late Majesty. Of.the present
King, he found it difficult to speak, because .he al-
ways felt, and always would feel, that he was under
an obligation to him. He hoped, in common with
his fellow-subjects, that his Majeicy might live lalog
to dispel those clouds that now darkened the hopes
• of the Nation. •

The Address was then agreed to, and ordered to
be signed by the High Bailiff, on behalf of the Meet-
ing, and presented in the venal manner.
The Thanks of the 'Meeting were then given to the
High Bailiff, for his conduct in the Chair, and to Sir
R. WIL'ON, and C. 13AIICLAY, Esq. who, having se.
verally returned thanks, the Meeting broke up.

CORN. IrdponTATloN.—Opinions of the Attorney
and Sblicitor-General, on a point of considerable in:-
pottance, relating to tirnely importation ;

" TO COLLECTORS ♦\t COUTTROLLF.RS OF OUT-TORTS•

" Custom-House, London, rt b. 1.5, 1820.
•
Gnirrt.Estrx—The Attorney and Solicitt.r-General having
given it as their opinion, in the case of a vessel bound to Lon-
don with a cargo of Oats that arrived within the limits of an
out-port which was open for the free importation thereof, but
did not reach London until after that port was shut—that such
cargo could not be admitted to entry for borne consumption—
and that the cast would not be affected by the circumstances of
the vessel having arrived within the limits of an out-port, t‘ hik
that port was still open to the entry of Oats for home consump.
tior, Ave commitnic7te the same to you for the information
and government of yourstives,. and the several ()Ilia:erg uus:er
your survey."

CORN EXCHANGE, MARK-LANE, MARC!! I.—We
had very little fine Wheat at market tlsis morning,
having had no fresh arrivals since Monday, and
prices remain as on that day. Fine Barley fully sup-
ports its price, having a short supply to-day'; but
the middling qualities continue heavy in sale. The
arilvals of Oats have been very large this week, and
at a decline of about Is. per qr. the trad-2 -*as veti
heavy: In other.articies there is no alteration.

:. ~.

•

ther :,even years.
My next Letter
Farms to the Peoi
of great lane
tree small Fa4m:
when they can, ti
FtbruAry 18
