MIL KEAN'S RECEt'TION AT NEW YORK.

Farm THZ NZW YORK DAILT ADVERTISER or HOW. 16,
RIOT AT THE PARK THEATRE.
Monday evening, agreeably to pub is notice, Mr.
Kean made tis fir,t appearance at the Palk Theatre.—
The boxes on the first and secimi row had been pre.
tiuusly taken by his friends, and early on Monday all
the pit tickets were drpo.ed of, and notice placed on
the outside of the doers that no tickets could be had,
Ablut an hour before the time of performance all the
wenues leading to the doors were choked up, and the
rivh to obtain admittance was very peat. All parts es(
the house a ere clammed long before the curtain rose,
and it was evident that it was composed of materials
shich would not remain quiet. At the commencement
tithe secund scene Mr. Kean appeared, when the shouts
cf his friends and the hootings of those unfriendly were
almost deafening. He bowed, and appeared anxious
waddles: the audience; but the tumult WAS so great
that nothing could be heard. Mr. Simpson, the manager,
came forward, and with great difficulty was heard to
say that. Mr. Kean wished to be heard, and that he
loped an American public would not condemn him
Mahout a -hearing. When he retired the uproar was
;messed, and continued throughout the whole five acts
to such a degree that Mr. Kean's voice was not heard I
during the whole performance. He frequently attempted,
by his gestures, to address the house, but it was impos-
sible for his friends to obtain. for. him a hearing.—
During the piece he was pelted with oranges, apples,
ire. At the close of the play be was announced for
Wednesday evening, in the character of Othello, amid
%noir and TUMUIL
St) Tito MVOS 011 TIM DAILY MIIIRSTISKI6
Eattunm.With oppressed feelings, bean-rending to my
bingo and triumphant to my enemies, I make an appeal to that
cowry famed for hospitality to the stranger, and mercy to the
conquered. Allow me to say, Mr, whatever are my offences, I
disclaim any intention of offering anything in the shape of dim.
lent 1011114161 the inhabitants of New York. They received me
heat the first with an enthusiasm, grateful in Moss hours to at/
loot—ledoe rend to my memory. I cannot real to my
nit set or thought that did not prompt me to an unfeigned ackneno
lodgment of their favours as a public, and profound admiration
d the private worth of those circles in which I had the honour s>t
owing.
That I have committed an error, appears too evident from the
*decisive voice of the public ; but, surely, it is but justice to deal
dampest (whatever may be his enormities) to be allowed to make
Natation where the offences were committed. My misunder
nandinp took place in Beaton. To Boston I shall assuredly go, to
apoiogise for my indiscretions.
I visit this country now; ender different feeling and auspices
kali on a former occasion. Then I was an ambitious man, and I
the proud representative of Shakspeare's heroes;—the spark of
ambition is extinct; and I merely ask a shelter in which to close
oy professional and mortal career.
Icive the weapon into the hands of my enemies; if they are
brave. they will not turn it against the defenceless.
Washington Hall, Nov. 15,11111.5. EDMUND KEAN.
We received the foregoing note last eyeing, accom-
Prnied by a request from the Manager of the Park Thea-
tre that it u ight be inserted in our Paper this morning.
It by the remark.., that he has committed an error
eepeais lon evident from the deosive voice of the pub-
li
cs" Nls. Kean alludes to his conduct at Boston, and
'IPPows that to be the ground of the unfavourable re-
frPiisni he has met with here, we have no doubt he la
nnurs under 4 very serious mistake. It is rhumb his'
moral conduct which excites the opposition of so large,
a portion of the citeens of New York to his appearance
the stage. How tar this apology will satisfy the orb,
"sr We pretend not to say.

TEO Ins *ft TOOL AMATO 0, NOV. 16.
Mr. Kean made bis first apPearance, since his.ret. urn
from England, last evening, in the character of Richard.
(treat Crowds had collected in front of the Theatre pre-
vious to the hour of admission ; on the opening o(jhe
dom., they, pbured in in streams, and in a very Tea
minutes the house was filled throughout.. On the ring-
ing of the bell for the commencement of the perform-
..nce, the clamour and shouting among the friends and
foes of this individual began. The curtain rose, and
two of the minor characters of the play appeared and
commenced reciting their parts, but the confusion was
too great to allow them to be heard. Kean was loudly
called for, who speedily appeared, bovied, and prepared
to address the audience.

The noise, however, did not abate, and after standing
on the stage full a quarter of an hour, finding that the
audience were unwilling to listen. to him, he retired.
when Mr. Simpson, the Manager,•presented himself, and
claimed to be heard. He respectfully tequested that
the aud;ence would grant Mr. Kean the liberty of ad-
dressing them ; he was sure that it was not the practice,
of Americans to condemn without a heating, and
he trusted what Mr. Ke.un had to say was such. as
would prove perfectly satisfactory. On his leaving the
star, Mr. Kean re•entered, and intimated by gesture,,
his xish to be heard, but the uproar was renewed;, and
I e 'was refused the liberty. After waiting upon the
stagabota-reit minutes he again retired, and the Play
Was resonted, the first three acts of which were entirely
pantomimic—not a word could be heard. In the fourth
and fifth acts, in some of the scenes where Kean was
not on the stage, some passages were aunible, but the
p tit of Richard was, throughout, conducted in dumb
,hew•. During the wooing scene, in the second act, one
of the many mi•siles that were thrown upon the stage
passed directly over The heads of Mrs. Ililson (who re
presented Lady Anne) and Mr. Kean, neatly striking
the latter. Mr. Hi•son, who w.rs in one of the b,ixes in

front of the tit, bell g dlatnsed for the safety of his wife,
iti mediately I. aped upt.n the stage, and conducted her
off. Mr. Simpson then appetted and with an expres-
sion o► countenance ind:cative of sorrow and indigna•
tion, seemed to impl-te th4t the audience would act
with more decorum, and display a little more respect

for themselves. After sortie delay, Mrs. Ililson again
appeared, and the piece proceeded ; but, as before, the
din of mingled applause and hisses rendered the dia-
logue inaudible. In the following act, an orange,
thrown from the galley, struck Mr. Kean upon the
breast. He immedtat, ly picked it up, displayed it to
the audience a few minutes with looks of indignation,
and finally threw it behind the scenes. After this, there
were few intermissions of the uproar ; and the falling of
the curtain was attended with the same tumult that
accompanied its rising.
After the termination of the play, Mr. Kean was an-
nounced to perform Othello, to-morrow evening, which
annunciation had the effect of renewing the confusion.
On the conclusion of the aftet piece, Kean:was loudly
culled for, when Mr. Simps n appeared 'hid stated,
that he had left the house. On the receipt of this in-
formation, a p.irt of the audience displayed a disposition
to commit violence, and we understand some damage
was done to the benches, fixtures, &c.
The street in boot l;f the Theatre, during the tolt..le
of the evening, was thronged with' a number of tur-
bulent individuals, who betrayed much anxiety to make
a forcible entrance into the btolsting, and at.one thine
had nearly effected their object, but were preventedby
the active exertions of a siring pollee.

COMMON COUNCIL.

Yesterday, the Loan MAvon pro:eeJed in State
from the MAnsion House to Guildhall, to hold his first
Court of Common Council, which, when formed, his
Lordship shortly Addressed.
The thanks of the Court were unanimously voted to
the Right Hon. JOHN GARRATT, late Lord Mayor, for
his conduct during his Mayoralty (for which see Ad-
vertisement). and the same were ordered ti, be orna-
mentally written on vellum, signed by the Town Clerk,
properly emblazoned, framed and glazed, and pre-
sented to him.

A Purse of fifty guineas' was unanimously agreed to
be presented to the Rev. Jacob George %tench, D C.L.
F.S.A. Chaplain to the late Lord Mayor, as a testimony
of the esteem and approbation if the Court for the
several sermons preached by him before the Lord Mayor,
[Judges, Aldermen, Sheliffs, Mem.4rs of the Court,
land City Officers, during the late Mayoralty.
A petition was presented from Mr. Thomas Jonathan
Warier, relative to his having been refused to be ad-
mitted as a Student of the Honourable Socety of
Lincoln's Inn, and praying the *Court to pe Won the
Legislature to procure an amendment of the law in that
respect; which being read, Mr. Wooler addressed the
Court in support of his petition, and it was referred to
the Committee for General Purposes, to consider the
same, and report their opinion thereon. •
A petition was presented from sundry Freemen, in-
habitants of the Ward of Crippleg it, Without; praying
lithe Court to apply to Parliament for an Act to repeal
'the disqualifying claims of the Act relative to Elections
is London, which being read, was' referred to the
General Purpose Committee, to consider and report.
The Court unan mously resolved to request Richard
Clarke, Esq. Chamberlain, to sit to an artist of his
own nomination for his portrait, to be placed in the
Common Council Room, as a mark of the respect this
Court entertained for his personal character, and fur
the services rendered by him to the City, not only in
Ow office of Chamberlain, but in the high and important
offices of Alderman, Sheriff, and Lord Mayor ; and the
resolution was ordered to be advertised, and it was
referred to the City Lands Committee, to super-
intend the carrying the resolution into execution. The
Lord M yor was requested to communicate the reso-
lution of the Court to the Chamberlain.
WIGIO sLAVORT. -
Mr. FAVELL, after a spee.h of considerable length,
moved a resolution upon the subject of slavery, which
was agreed to by a great major.ty ; and petitions,
founded on the resolution, sere adopted, and ordered
to be presented to both Houses of Pa• lament.
The Chamberlain was ordered to subscribe lOOL as the gift of
the Court, to the Fund annually distributed to the Widows of
Freemen on St. Thorn's's Day.
The Conussktee of City Lauds, and of Controul over the Coat
sad Coca Meters, presented reports of their proceedings under the
Met Parliament for the uniformity of Weights and Measures.

We understand that Accoun• s v ere received yesterday
in town of the failure of another Country Bank. in Yorkshire.
Tv o Noblemen, of great stake in that part of the
unary have recently become Subscribers to the Western Sbip
Canal, the affairs of which appear so promising. that it is said co
(doubt is new entertained of the whole sum required, ;MOON
being obtained, to commence tht work as soon a the wineu ito%er.

• _

• • • • • , • • •
• itititAltitiLiGkNtia •, L.:
• '
laffityaraints, Tivquas,.from Sg.
Liverpotg, wail • •oil shore at the entrance of Pentland Yank.
on the td ; brew It 8 !biked very little of Mt cargo
will be saved. • . • •
The Usk, hi•Faat.atte, ftorn LiveopOol fut. Adra, isms coked,
lost on the tit lost. fa Dundrnin Bay. Four of the crew and ono
pongee drowned. •
• • The Stag, frOm Glaignw to Liverpool, is sunk of thif
Laggen Point. on the coati of Kihkcolm, having struck On the En.
Rock on the fitlt inst. • Crew cased. . . • . ;
Fat.tantrrn, Dsc. 7.—Wind _BS. IL—Arrived the Rim of sa:/.
Coburg, TRIIIATIIL from Alielitiefor London.
Poirrasouvii, Dec. B.—Wind NAL—Arrived the Eggintoo
transport, from the Mediteiiimean"; and Is under quarantine;
Trade, Gear; and Wortley,- Putt*, from St. Peterahurgh;
William and Anne, Gewnikt.t.. from Papule; Union, Ctxticit.froen
Smyrna; and Elizabeth, WALLIS, from London.
Dec. IL —Wind R. by N. fresh bteeze --Passed through
frees the River, the St. Ann's. &annoy and Hopewell, Pier's?,
fee Jamaica ; and another 'easel, name unknown. Also, several
vessels from Ramsgate harbour.
Livearoot, Dec. 7.—Wind S.—Arrived the Wakefield, Caws.
MAIMS, from St. Petersbnrgh. Off the port, the Canada, Reams,
from New-York—sailed tuth November.
