the Resolution which . .
hid been justproposed. He con-
gratulated the Meeting upon the spirit which they had
manifested, and he was sure they would all return
home Well satisfied with their exertions—(Cheers).
Mr. Alderman Woon returned thanks in behalf of
the Corporation of L:mdon. It was a subject of pride
to him to see so impoi cant a Meeting held in the City
which he had the honour to represent. And he was
sure the Meeting would feel true thanks to the Cor-
poration of London to-morrow, when they had learned
what they had done to-day. They had just voted a
most liberal sum to the Spaniards as well as to the
Greeks; but the Meeting would be surprised to learn
that this vote had been considered illegal, and they
were threatened with all sorts of persecutions from
the Law Officers of the Crown. However he felt
confident, that if they lost their charter in so glorious
a cause, they would not want a supply from the Ci-
tizens of London—(Cheers).
Mr. Fa var.'. moved the 7th Resolution, which was
seconded by Mr. KNOWLES.
Mr. Hum E said, that he would not detain the Meet-
ing by expressing sentiments which had been so much
better expressed by those who had preceded him.—
' Ile was, however, happy to be able to state, that sub-,
scriptions, both of arms and money, were rapidly ad-
vancing. The Committee had received a letter from
a Mr. Willer, a Gentleman who had a large flint-
manufactory, and this Gentleman had offered to sup-
ply fifey thousand musket and horse-pistol flints. He
mentioned this that is might be known, that'from
those who could not conveniently subscribe money,
cmitributions in kind would be thankfully received.
As had been remarked by an Honourable Friend of
his, all the Spaniards wanted was arms. They had
hands and hearts to use them —(C'heers).- -He should
conclude by moving, in the absence of a Noble Lord,
for whom that honour had been-intended, that the
thanks of the Meeting be given to Lord William Ben-
tinck, for his kindness in accepting, and his ability
in discharging, the duty of Chairman.
General LONG seconded the motion, which he was
sure would he carried unanimously--r Applause).
Mr. FIUME shortly addressed the Meeting, and read a list of
some subscriptions forwarded to him.—The Editor of the Slnt
isews.' ,aper being called for, came forward, and read a letter
which he received from Paris, inclosing him the first of a series
of articles in favour of the French Government, to be inserted
in the Sun, and fur which the writer promised him not only the
first information, but a large pecuniary bribe—and he had no
doubt some rapers had accepted the terms which he, however,
indignantly spurned. The first remittance was promised to be
sent immediately, and if the proceedings of this day did not pre-
vent its arrival, it should be added to the present subscription
list—(Loud Cheers).
The CHAIRMAN shortly returned thanks, and the Meeting ad-
journed at four o'clock.

Ccurrtnent that neutrality should be tniletaired under the Pre-
set ememstances of the country, yet, in the opirion of this
yeet• g, it is thg bounden duty of Britons to manifest their ab
befreticeof the Mustier: and violence of the Government of France,
u well as their sympathy with the magnanimous and deeply-in-
s' red nation which is the object of that impious aggression.
" Mi. AldermanWe mime N seconded the resolution.
Mr.lliatee then presented himself, and was received
with very general dieapproteation. Ho made.several
ineffectual attempts to obtain a hearing. At length,
when the murmurs and hissing had partially abated,
hp said he had not come there to create a disturbance,
although from some observations they had heard, it
might have been supposed that that was his inten-
tion. *Sir James Mackintosh had said, that no fol-
lower of fortune should have copse into that room;
bat he thought he might add, that no mats should be
allowed to carry into that room his passions and his
prejudices—(Loud Cries of (fir; off! Turn him out!
Aa accompanied with wry general hisses). The
speaker went on, amidst the indignation of the Meet-
jag, and said sometking about the Manchester mas-
sacre, and proposed some Resolutions about sending
round a circular to the industrious classes of Eng-
land, requesting them to devote a certain portion of
their year's labour to the cause of the Spaniards.—
Elle proposition excited universal laughterll—How-
epr, it was put from the Chair; a few hands only,
in the lower end of the room, were held up in its sup-
port; and at length Mr. Hunt left the hustings.
The original Resolution was then put, and carried
with acclamation.
Mr. Honnouse next came forward, and after some
preliminary observations, begged to impress. on the
minds of the Meeting, that every man who came for-
ward with his (20 shillings provided a musket for
*because of Spain—( ('heers). Whilst on this topic
begged to mention a very interesting piece of in.
telligeece he had received. Since he had come into
the room he had received a letter from the workmen
of a respectable pi airing-office in this City, sending
all they could spare, one pound, and begging to let
it be known to the Meeting that they were sincere
fiends to the Spaaiards in their glorious career—
(Neer:). He had received a similar communication
from some artisans at the other end of the town, some
journeymen shoe-makers, who had come for ward in
entailer manner, and their subscriptions would arm
fee men. In this conduct he had recognized that
same spirit which had rendered this country so glo-
rious; but depend upon it our own interests are deeply
engaged in the struggle; for did they suppose,
that when liberty was driven to the shores of the
mean, they would be anything mole than like the
Captain in the romance, " the last to be devoured?"
It had been said that the Government of France had
resorted to every art against the Spaniards. As an
iestance of this, he would just mention a single fact
which had come to his knowledge, and had occurred
to a Gentleman on his kit. The Editor of a respect-
able Evening Paper, the Sun, has received from an
464 Agent of the French Government a direct
offer of a bribe, if he would advocate the cause of
France—( Loud citeers)—a direct offer of a bribe, if he '
would advocate French instead of Spanish politics—
(Cheers). This offer seas spurned with indignation,
and the Editor had the manliness to come down to
this noble and respectable Assembly, and expose the
perfidy and baseness of the French Government—
(Cheers). ft was not necessary for bins to say more
than that the Resolution in his hand had reference to
a national subceription, which would be an appeal to!
all classes of English . people ; and he hoped they
would not cease in their exertions until this great
cause was steered into a safe and permanently secure
barbour—(Cheers). The Hon. Gentleman concluded
by proposing the following Resolution
" That this Meeting do therefore invite all those of their fel-
betnuntrymen, of every class and station, who value the cause
sffteedom and the rights of independent nations, forthwith to
=tribute according to their respective means, to the subscrip.
tea already commenced in behalf of the Spanish people."
Mr. llonnoese then stated that the amount of the
subscription already received amounted to PiveThou-
sand Pounds and upwards; and amongst the names,
he could not forbear mentioning one act of liberality,
which rendered the man an ornament and a pride to
the country to which he belonged. His Honourable
Friend (Mr. Lembton) had subscribed the sum of one
thoesand pounds ! ( Loudokeering).—H is distinguished
colleague, Sir Francis Burdett, who was prevented
by indisposition from attending, had subscribed five
buadted pounds!—(Cheering.)
Mr. 11. G. BENNET read a letter which he had
nceived from some tradesmen, expressing their de-
sire to add their humble mite to the great cause
about which they were assembled.
The Resolution was then carried unanimously.
Lard ERSKINE next came forward, and was re.
seised with applause. He said he had a Resolution
to propose which gave him the greatest pleasure. It
was a Resolution of thanks to the Lord Mayor, Al-
dermen, and Corporation of London, for the noble
temple they had set to the other Corporations of the
empire—(Cheers). It was wrong to suppose there
was one cause of Greece .tnd another of Spain—they
were one and the same. It was the struggle of des-
Pothin against freedom and independence all over
the world,—(Cheers). It appeared to him that the
present state of Europe was more dreadful than, in
looking over the page of history, he found the iva-
lion of the Roman empire by the barbarians. The Ro-
mans were then fit for slavery, but the modern Euro-
Peen tyrants war against an improving world—
(Cheers). They warred against the principles of free-
or for the purpose of establishing arbitrary power,
which had already been grossly abused, and avowed
to be confirmed by blood in the very person of him
who was the greatest author of this abuse—(Cheers).
Ile was glad his Hon. Friend (Mr. Hoblrouse) had
hot been restrained by any feeling of delicacy from
Inentioning the liberal donation of Mr. Lambton. It
taw a noble offering to a noble cause; " and," said
the Noble Lord, with great emphasis, " I pray GOD
to bless him"—( Loud and continu Ni cheering). In ad-
dition to his other valuable exertions, he has taken
upon himself the dtities of our excellent countryman
Pt Robert Wilson), 'who was completely identified
with the illustrious cause of Spanish independence.—
He should not trespass further upon the time of the
Meeting, but conclude by proposing—
" That the thants of this Meeting be given to the Lord Mayor
Ankl_laermen° and Common Council City London, for,
of the of the
m- clampk they have set to the other Corporations of the
"Idea, by aseisting the Spaniards in the present arduous con-
test for their rights, liberties, and independence."
Mr. WRITRIEAD said, he could not content him-
Ulf netts renrainMg silent upon the present occasion.
Ile felt that he did himself high honour in seconding

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE 13.

This morning their Lordships proceeded with Appeals soon
after ten o'clock.

Counsel were called in the Appeal of " Archibald Stirling, of
Hampden, v. Claud. Alexander, Esq. of Ballamyle," from the
Court of Session ; wben Mr. Warren and • Mr. Adams were
heard out for the appellant, and the Attorney-General was af-
terwards heard out for the respondent.
Mr. BROWNS, Mr. NOLAN, Mr. JOHN AlAsmt, and others,
brought up the Silk Manufacturers' Wages Act Repeal Bill, the
Officers (Ireland) Compensation Bill ; and also the Masters and
Servants' Bill, with their Lordships' Amendments, as agreed to
by the other House.

The two former Bits (in expectation of one of which numbers
of 4pitalfields Weavers were collected round the outside of this
House) were read a first time.

The several Chartered Gas and Coke Companies, Bins were
read a third time, passed, and messaged to the other House,
The Irish Joint Tenancy Bill was read a third time and passed.
Upon the motion of the LORD CHANCZLLOS, their Lordships
now resumed the consideration of the Report on the Bill for
" Amending the Laws respecting the Solemnisation of Mar-
riages in England." • The Noble and Learned Lord reminded
the House that, upon a former night, he had agreed to produce
some clause which should counteract the effects of fraudulent
marriages in future, both by licenses and by the publication of
banns. The particular portions of the Bill he had so endea-
voured to amend would be found at pages 9 and 10 of the
printed Bill. lle had, in the first instance, to move, that this
additional clause should be printed and taken into consideration
on Monday. The proposed clause attempted to provide against
false swearing in all marriages of persons who should be under
the age of twenty-one years; and wherever the banns were
proved not to have been duly published, it should be lawful for
the Attorney-General, at the desire of the parents or guardians
of such minors, to proceed by information; but within a given
time, to sue for the forfeiture of estate or property so fraudu-
lently obtained in marriage, both in the Courts of Chancery and
the Exchequer. It would be perceived by their Lordships that
the principal alteration applied to extraordinary circumstances in
such marriages. If the clause should be accepted, it would be
requisite to arrange an affidavit which he would prepare ; but if,
after all, the proposed clause should not be acceded to, no affida-
vit could be wanted. He would merely add, thatin offering the
I present amendments to their Lordships, he did nothing more
than discharge an official act, in deference to their wishes ; and,
therefore, he wished it distinctly to be understood that he did
not pledge himself as to the merits of the clause.
The Earl of WESTMORELAND was, in some respects, not
averse from the proposed clause; but it'never could take away
the objection he entertained as to the principle of it.—This cor-
rectional clause was agrged to be printed, and taken into consi-
deration on Monday next.
The Marquis oi LANSDOWN gave notice, that he should,
in consequence of an intimation which was dropped by the
Noble and Learned Lord upon the Woolsack last night, feel it
incumbent to lay before the House, early in the next Session of
Parliament, a Bill growing out of the measure le had proposed
for enabling Dissenters f►om the Church of England tit solemnise
their own marriages, thds placing them upon the same footing
in that respect as the Jews and Quakers. 'He still hyped, on a
future occasion, for the assistance of the Noble and Learned
Lord upon the Woolsack, who seemed not disinclined to adopt
more liberal views respecting a matter so interesting to such
large bodies in the religious world.

TOE PRISON LAWS RILL.
The House then went into a Committee on the Pri-
son Laws Consolidation Bill.

On the clause respecting the personal correction
in prison, Lord SIDMOUTH moved, as an Amendment,
that the punishment of personal correction be limited to
convicted felons, or persons sentenced to hard labour.
Lord DACRE wished to confine the punishment
to convicted felons sentenced to hard labour.
Lord SIDMOUTH stated, that none were so likely
to be guilty of turbulence and insubordination inpri-
sons as felons, who, by their sentence, had to remaia
a long time in prison. The object was, to prevent the
infliction of corporal punishment for small offences,
and to vest the power, not as formerly in the jailer,
but in the Magistrate.
The Marquis of LA/sISDOWN thought that cor-
poral punishment should only be had recourse to when
every other had failed. In the case of felons sen-
tenced to hard labour proving refractory, personal
correction might be necessary to carry the sentence
into effect. In the case of boys the punishment might
remain as it was.
1 of HARROWBY supported the clause:

The Ear Ann
which was carried without a division.
The Bill was then Reported with Amendments,

.
..c.
band the Report Was
.orjeieti to be received on Tues- ' inent at all, it must be ilnderstooi to be at the desire
4.,-f tli daye—Adjourned. Ilouse alone. . •
HOUSE. OF COMMONS Mr. C. EIUTCHMON ihaught his HOnourable Friers
. . . might consent to a delay, in toinpliance witfi the detlared wing
iletitlous were presented-from Belfast, against the Duty on
. . .. . ,
. .
Coals.—From the Woollen Manufacturers of Braelf4rd, against the i • Mr. HUME said, that Until the 'charges againii Chief' Barod
Of the House.
Bill respecting the Importation of Yarn. From the Kelp Manu• i O'Grady were disproved, this „ruder ought not to to allowed t 4
facturers of Donegal, praying for relief.—And from the Soap sit on the Bench ; and therefore the House ought to proceed I?
Makers of London, against any alteration in the Duty on Baillb• I investigate the charges, in order to the conviction or acuit:lll
The Committee on the Poor Laws Amendment Bill was post..l of the Chief Siren.q
pined to Friday next.— The Report on Gas lights referred to a Captain O'G RA BY 'felt very rormitleraho embarrassment in
Committee.—The Report of the Committee on the Laws of : saying anything did this subject but he must say, that if any rea;
Merchants ordered to be printed, and taken into consideration , son was assigned fur delay, and it was theught sullicient 14
on Wednesday.
. .
Mr. HUSK ISSONT brought in a Bill fOr the enclosure of the House,_ be would pot oppose it.
Mr. S. RICE had do obj,ction to fii;tpope the ..,testltin ; bat
Kew Green.--Read a first time. he would not pledge himself to bring it forward In the next Session:
The Report of the St. Andrew', (Ifolbord) Tythes Bill was Mr. CA NN ING wai ready to go into the case; but nothing
presented. ',
Mr. MANNING brought in a Bill should induce him to take up the Subject. to allow further time for Alr. ItICB— Well then, fir, lam ready to go-on, and I
the completion of the London Docks.—Read a first time.
ivillgo on.":—(Ilc hearr

EA ULLA MMUS.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIF.QU ER moved that
the House should resolve itself into a Committee ott this Rill.
Mr. BERNAL objected to the proposed alteration of the
duties.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said the re.
duction in the duties on Darius took place last year, at the end
of the Session, and when persons interested had pot an °Horn!.
nity of stating their objections. The representations which had
been made front all quarters with respect to the terrible distress
that would fall on the manufacturers of kelp were such as ,he
owned had a great influence on his mind. There were eighty
or one hundred thousand persons concerned in the trade. lie
owned he proposed the measure not on principle, but on thel
ground of compassion for those persons. The reduction of the
Salt Duties was of advantage to the Public at large, bin to those
parsons was of great injury; they had therefore a fair claim on
the justice and feeling of Parliament and the country. The
Right Honourable Gentleman concluded by stating that his pro-
posal was that the duty oa. Ilarilla should he raised from five to
eight guineas, to begin in January, 1824, and to continue fur five
years, and moved a Resolution accordingly.
Mr. DENISON said that this relief was to be afforded at the
expense of another body of men, who kad embarked large capi-
tals on the faith of the Act of last Session. He trusted that time
would be afforded to the 13arilla merchants to import what they
had already contracted for.
Mr. CAMPBELL contended that the passing of the Repeal
of the Salt Tax was sufficient warning to the Barilla Manufac-
turers and dealers.
Mr. CA LCRA FT supported the proposition.
M. K. DOUGLAS wished the business to be postponed until
next Session, in order to afford time for the full investigation of
the subject.
Lord A. HAMILTON supported the proposition.
Mr. RICARDO said the proposition was against every prin-
ciple of trade.

.tear, hear!)
Alr. R. MAILTIN hoped the Hon. Gentleman. waauld not,
proceed, when it seemed the wish of the House for pciitione
meat of the question.
Mr. CA LCR AFT was surprised that the Secretaty Cot fc.:.
reign Affairs did feel himself absolved from bringing forwar
charges made by a Government Commission against a high legal
Dignitary. He protested against any such doctrine; for tt
were followed the seats of justice would be polluted, and Com-
missions of Inquiry would fall into contempt.
Dr. LUSH' N GTON was not prepared to agree to any fura
ther postponement of this question.
Mr. BENNET observed, that his Majesty 'S Government were
pursuing their usual system, that of endeavouring to shelter any
tang that bad the appearance of criminality. Ile trusted, how-
ever, that their conduct on this subject would open the eyes of
the peiaple, and shew them what kind of persons they were who
would allow, year after year, such charges against a Judge t f
the land to eels; without ben: determined:
Mr. Secretary PEEL, with coatiderAle warmth, said, he
should like to know at what period of the night the Honourable
Gentlemen, who assumed so high a tone, can down, and ven-
tured to attack his Majesty's Government for conduct which h-d
been fully explained. The Honourable Member having bee's
absent during the whole discussion, and bring of necessity per-
fectly ignorant of what had taken place, tame into the House a
11 o'clock at night, and accused of a wish for postponement these
who had said that they were ready to go on, and did not wish to
throw any obstacle whatever in the way of inquiry—( Hear, hear).
Ali the information that the Hon. Gentleman could have ob-
tained, must have been second hand, and was evi.ieudy erro-
neous. Having grossly neglected his own duty, the Honourable
Member came down at that late hour, and talked of others
compromising justice. ! The question on which the House were
about to divide was the Motion of the Hon. Gentleman's Hon.
and Learned Friend, the Member for Peterborough, for post-
ponement. How did'the Hon. Gentleman know how the Niem-
ben

Mr. T. WILSON observed, that the kelp growers did not
merit protection ; they liad produced a bad article, and yet the
price of barilla and soap were to be raised with a view of bene-
being

of his Majesty's Government intended to vote on that pro-
position? Only one of them, his Right Hon. Friend, the Presi-
dent of the Board of Controul, had expressed any orinica cm
the subject—( Heat, hear, hear).

Mr. J.P.G RA NT thought the kelp growers merited attention.
Lord BINNING supported the proposition. The interests
of 700 miles of coast were concerned in the proposition now be-
fore the House.

Mr. DENMAN observed, that it eras very well to talk rf
giving the Chief Baron the privilege of every subject; bet how
could any decision of Par:lament, or any Act of Parliament,
affect that object, when two Commiisions had gone forth against:
. .

Mr. MA RR YAT said, he should oppose alteration.
M r. HUME opposed the proppsition as prejudicial to thepublic.
Lord F. GOWER supported the Motion.
The gallery was then cleared fur a division.—The numbers
were, Ayes 100, Noes W.—House resumed ; report on Monday.
VICTUALLING DEPARTMENT.
Mr. DENMAN said, that on Tuesday next he should present
a Petition from the Hon. Basil Cochrane, complaining of the
Victualling Department.
BEER TRADE.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER wished to
bring forward the Beer Duties Bill but finding that Mr. 'lna-
kisson was absent, he was proceeding to move another order,
when considerable discussion took place, and the Order of the
Day for the Beer Duties' Bill was moved.
Mr. DENISON said, in compliance with the wishes of an
important class of 'society, he particularly opposed such part of
the Bill as affected the Small Beer Brewers. They were not to
soak* the proposed Beer on their present premises; after all the
capital they had expended they were required to build new pre-
mises for the Chancellor of the Excbequees experiment. The
Brewers would submit to any penalty, even to that of transport-
ation, if this clause were taken out. He thought it would be
better to let the business stand over till next Session; and then
let the parties state their case before a Committee. But why not
equalize the duty ? or why not impose it on Malt ? He moved as
an amendment (the obnoxious clause being retained), that the
Report be received this day six months.
Mr. MA BRILLEY seconded the amendment. The Bill was
most unfair, the clause particularly which had been noticed ;
nothing more unfair could be proposed, and it was made a source
of piolit to the Government. The whole of the laws required ,
a revision. The duty ought to be imposed on malt; and next
Session he would propose the revision of those laws and duties.
Mr. MOCK also supported the Amendment. The Bill gave.
satisfaction to nobody. The property of Brewers and Publicans
was disturbed without any advantage to the Public. The prin-
ciple of an intermediate duty on beer was good ; but the Beer
Bill was so framed that it could nor be carried into effect with

him? It was idle to say that he could sit on the judgment seat,
looked up to with all the respect due to his character. Ile could
not agree with his Honourable and Learned Friend below him,
that Ministers were unfit persons to become prosecutors. He
thought it a libel on that House to say so ; for although be con-
sidered its conduct on many occasions most unconstitutional, yet
be would not hear the imputation cast, that any individual Mem-
ber would be influenced in his vote on sn grave a question, with-
out declaring his conviction to the contrary. He wished the dis-
cussion to be brought on this Session, tut not on that night.
Mr. CANNING was afraid he was not strictly in order in
rising again, but he wished-to declare against the doctrine of the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman, that Ministers were the proper
persons to lead the prosecution against the Irish Chief heron.
The Bill that had been introduced at the commencement of his
late Majesty's reign practically controverted the Learned Gen-
tletnan's opinion, and the course pursued by Mr. Pitt in the case
of Mr. Hastings, and by the Whigs in the ewe of Lord Melville,
recognized his assertion. The Act of Parliamer.t he had aluded
to had specially provided for the separation of Judges Cram the
executive; and in this instance be and his colle-'guts would not
run counter to the intention of that Act of Parliament.
Mr. WILBERFORCE expressed a hope that the lion.
Member for Limerick would postpone his motion.
Mr. It iCE moied, that the 9th Report of the Commissioners
of Inquiry in Ireland be consideted as read.
Mr. SCA RLETT then moved, that the further consideration
of this Report should be postponed until the next Session.
On the SPEAKER putting the question, Mr. HUME rote
and objected to it, and said he was sorry there should be any con-
'nidance among the Members on both sides of the House.
Mr. Se/mu-TT and Mr. C. HUTCHINSON disclaimed any con-
nivance whatever.
Mr. HUME explained.
Mr. W. WYNN was completely prepared to enter into the
discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR thought, that before the close of the R..ssiun,
the Lord Chief Baron of Ireland should be either acvitted or
condemned.

benefit to society.
The CHANCSLLOR. of the EXCHEQUEIj said, that the
regulation for brewing nib beer
.on distinct premises was neces-
sary to the effictual operation of the Bill. Many of the brewers
of small beer were brewers of strong beer, and on a former occa-
sion, the imposition of an intermediate duty was found produc-
tive of great inconveniences. The object of this Bill was to have
separate brewers of beer; to remove the clause would only be to
strengthen the monopoly of the brewers. To alter the quantity
from five to four barrels would be ruinous to the strong beer
dealers. He hoped the Bill would be allowed to proceed, for,
according to an he could hear, it would * productive of great
advantage to the country.
Mr. BERNAL said, he would prefer that the business should
stand. over till Deja Session, in order that, in a Committee, one
perfect and gem al measure might be proposed. •
Alderman--C. SMITH was also in favour of the postpone-
ment till next Session, on the like ground.
Mr. RICA Imo said, that this was a Bill, with the obnoxicus
chaise, to confiscate the property of the Brewers. The brewing
of the beer eta existing premises, if the experiment were tried for
one.-year could not-be attended with any loss to the Revenue.
Mr. V;ODEHOUSE agreed with alluast every Member who
had spoken, as to the inefficiency of the measure. If it were an
experiment, it was rather hard to require new Breweries, in the
first instance, to be built—(Bear, hear).
After some remarks from. Air. Maaarrre, &c. the House di-
vided on the Amendment.—The 'numbers were—
For the Amendment - - 26
Against it - - - 32 •
Majority against the Amendment —6
The Marquis of TITCH FIELD next moved that the Bill
be recommitted, on which * House also divided—The num-
birs were—
For recommitting the Bill - 26
Against it - - - 36
Majority against it - - —lO
The Report was then agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be
read a third time.

Mr. BROUGHAM supposed, that having been ?bsent for
about three hours, he was one of those who were charged ty the
ltight Honourable Secretary with having grossly neglected their
duty, and of wleme the Right Honourable Secretary said that
they were not entitled to give an opinion on the subject. What
was the difference between votirg and speaking? He who had
no right to speak on a question, ought to have' no right to tote
upon it. He was glad to hear this new doctrine. He hoped it
would be consistently maintained. He hoped that in future they
would not, during %many hours in the evening, see empty
benches; see the brown and green colours so prevalent ; see, not
Members sitting, but only places where Members might sit if
they chose. He (Mr. Brougham) who was a Reformer, wished
that all this might be changed. He thanked the Right Honour-
able Secretary for his tirade, high in tone as it would have been
in any man; higher still as it appeared when contrasted with the
Right Hon. Gentleman's usual suavity. But the fact was, that
the Right Hon. Secretary thought, that for the first time in his
life-he had some advantage over his Honourable Friend the
Member for Shrewsbury—(Hear). But however that might
be, theilight Honourable Gentleman, in purse!tig his fancied
advantageOrad, like antler General., gone too far, and got into
the adversary's fire. What was the fact with, regard to the con-
duct of Members of that House? At a certain bout of the even-
ing, at about half-past six, hoWever great the eloquence ef the
speaker, and however Important the subject (tinleis, indeed, it
related personally to any member of the Royal Family), the
Members began gradually to leave their places; chiefly on the
other side of the .House—less on bis.--.(A loud laugh).—By
grees all went. Before seven o'clock the evacuation was com-
plete. It was the usage to pair off-.
Sir F. OM M A NiiitY—" Yes; the Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman paired oil with me this evening !"—( Roars of laughter
from all parts of the House).
Mr. BROUGHAM acknowledged the fact. Suitt was de
way in Which Hon. Gentlemen demeaccd themsselves--(1
laugh); whatever might be the subject, such was uniformly the
case. During the discussion upon that most momentous q..:es-
tion, the Orders in Council in 1812, there were not siaty Ate-

•aty Arenn-
bets present. However, all that he rose • for was to protist
against the tone which the Bight Hon. Gentleman had assumed
towards his Hon. Friend.
Mr: Secretary PEEL thought it impossible the Hon and
Learned Gentleman, who seemed to have: been occupied in a
pleasanter way than in doing his duty in that Heuer, could Lave
heard the Hon. Member for Shrewsbury. He (Aft-. Feel) had
not objected to the Hon. Member for Shrewsbury's evins is
opinion on the motisn. What he had said was, and he sill
maintained it, that it was extremely unjust and unfair en the
part of the Hon. Gentleman to prefer an accusation against lila
Majesty's Government without having any ground whatever for
the charge. As to the tone of which the lion. and Lezrned Grn_
tlenian complained, it was the natural tune of a 'man whti flit
himself and his friends unjustly accused.
Mr. BENNET observed, that liati;g read the whole of the
evidence taken before the Committee, and endeimourecT to mr.ke
himself master of the subject, he felt himself Trite competent to
speak on the question: .
After a few words froth Mr. Gortenas, the CIIIANCELLOI pf
the Exciixouna, Mr. Aexiscaostir, Mr. Pitt., and Mr. licit;
it was agreed that the discussion or the subject should come on
on Tuesday next, and commence at half past Lae o'clock. '
On the East India Mutiny nal being read a second time,
Mr. FOIWES wished Kamm whether in this Ikß there was

• ,
