HAYPL

A Communication from a Gentleman acquainted
his witht
M t the
hafe Majesty affairs
ypriec sini Hayti,dgoefntß,
irHENRY,r ts
,a,wcas with,sbeli
ever
preparinge
tghaer regard
et
otaol sat
arte
attackrem
of the case to be this :—that the President is • urged
on to this business by the French Ex-Colonists, in or-
der that the two rival Powers in Hayti may weaken
and destroy each other; by which means that valu-
able Island would, in the end, fall an easy prey to
any force which the French Government (urged on
by the Ex-Colonists) might think proper to send
against it. It is well known that Boyer is favourable
to the French interest, as well as the late President,
Petion, and that he has been negotiating for some
time past with the French Government, in expectation
of prevailing upon them to acknowledge him as Pre-
sident of Hayti. But let him beware, least, in so
doing, he should share the fate of the brave, but un-
fortunate, Toussaint. With respect to the ostensible
reason given by the President for his invading the
territory of his Majesty King Henry, I am perfectly
well assured that it is without the least foundation,
either in truth or justice, having myself the very best
information possible upon that subject. I have lately
conversed with a most respectable merchant, not long
since returned from Cape Henry, and who, for some
years past, has been in the constant practice of trading
between London and that part of Hayti. In the
course of that time he has had several interviews with
his Majesty, and is well acquainted with all his Mi-
nisters and great Officers of State, and he assures me
that, notwithstanding his Majesty may be considered
as an absolute Monarch, from not having a Repre-
sentative Constitution Of Lords and Commons, yet he
pursues every means in his power for the education,
improvement, and, eventually, the independence of
the people in every part of his dominions ; and that
as soon as they are prepared by education to form a
correct estimate of law, justice, and political eco-
nomy, it is his Majesty's intention to establish a more
liberal and constitutional system of Government.—
But all this requires time and information, after such
a dreadful state of convulsion and warfare as what
the people of that island have experienced for years
past, in emancipating themselves from the most de-
grading state of slavery and oppression."

Quebec Papers have arrived to the end of July.—
His Excellency the Governor has issued a Proclama-
tion proroguing the meeting of the House of Legisla-
ture of that Province from the 25th July to the sth
of September. The want of rain has been severely
felt at Kingston (U. C.). Emigration to Canada
seems by no means to be abating: it is sta•ed that
during the season no less than 1491 settlers have
arrived at Quebec.

Sr. Use's, AUG. 10.---An order has been issued by
Government, dated the sth inst. for the reduction of
the duties upon salt shipped in foreign bottoms : in
consequence the price, which had previously been
2540 reis per moy (one half of which makes an Eng-
lish ton), will be reduced to 1760 reis.
HERRING FISHERY AT PETERHEAD. —Although
Peterhead has long been considered an excellent si-
tuation for this fishery, and has always been resorted
to by the Dutch fishing vessels, about this season, no
established fishery had been attempted before this
season by the inhabitants, or fishermen from other
places. This season, five boats have been employed
by a Company in Peterhead, and with every prospect
of success; these boats having brought in 324 cranes
in three days ; being on an average twenty-one cranes
to each boat, each night they have been out. Ano-
ther boot, not belonging to this Company, brought
in 40 or .50 cranes in two nights. Several small fish-
ing-boats brought in considerable quantities, which
have been retailed in the town. On Friday, one boat
brought in 43 cranes, another 34, a third 17, a fourth
15, and a fifth 10. Saturday, the boats were equally
successful.

The number of boats and vessels this season at
Caithness, on the herring fishery, is said to be far
beyond anything before known. There are a great
many from Ireland and the Continent. They have
hitherto been very successful.

Immense quantities of very fine herrings have been
taken off Johnshaven and Gourdon, during the past
week. Off Stonehaven, and at Findon, great quan-
tities have also been taken, and the whole coast is
literally covered with them.
At Freeland House, Erskine, there is a horse chess
nut-tree, whose summer foliage, about a month ago,
ripened and died, and is now succeeded by new leaves.
A plant of the yucca species has, for some time,
been in full flower, in the open air, in the garden be-
longing to the manse, Prestonkirk. Its full length is
eight and a half feet, of which the flower stem is five.
A few nights ago, the seat of GEORGE EADES, Esq.
near Chislehurst, Kent, was robbed under rather
mysterious circumstances. The family, on retiring
to rest, secured the premises in the usual .manner,
and next morning it was discovered that the house
had been robbed of three large travelling trunks,
containing diamonds and other jewellery of value,
besides gold and bank notes, plate, and wearing ap-
parel, to the amount of several hundred pounds.--
An examination immediately took place, but it did
not seem clear how the robbery was effected, although
some traces of a suspicious nature were discernible
about the garden and lawn, and it was found that
three ill-looking men, with a carter, had spent the
day, and until a late hour at night, at the Tiger's
Head, on the Common, and at their departure drove
in the direction of Mr. E.'s house. The trunks were
afterwards found, emptied of their valuable contents,
in an enclosure belonging to J. "Wsu.s, Esq. abort
half a mile off.

Sunday night, about eleven o'clock, as two young
watermen were returning home to Wapping, after
being out with a, party to Richmond, on passing
through one of the archt s of London-bridge, it being
lour water at the time, the boat was upset, and both
of them thrown out ; one of them, named Dean,
being an expert swimmer, saved his life by swim-
ming ashore, but the other, whose name is Briton,
son to a lighterman living in Anchor-rope-alley,
Wapping, after struggling for a length of time, un-
fortunately sunk to rise no more.
Bow. STRRIT. —Samuel Waddington. the bill-sticker, calling
himself a printer as well as a bill-sticker, underwent a second
examinatim before Mr. Ahaxic, charged with not only b. i ig the
/hinter, but the poster-up, of an inflammatory bill, at the pump
at Charing-cross. lie was also charged with another offence,
under the Printers' Act of Parl a nent, with refusing to produce
the manuscript, and upon wbicb he was committed.
