•
144

:1/4.NS Nl/4 • • „

111 "1/4 ••• •
the way in whirl be hoped the government would
stared ;ed but he must protest against
.-',-b-4:11114.1411114se Catholics within one single step
of putting their Church in the place of the Establish-
" -nient. They might then say to the Legislature—Ton
have given us our elective franchise, you have edu-
cated our youth, you have admitted us to civil and
military Offices, and to seats in Parliament, but our
religion is Daly tolerated—why is it not established ?
why is this last act of justice denied to us? Let it be
remembered, that this is the hulguage which might
be expected to be heard from a numerous and power-
ful body from the great majority of the pbpulation
of that country. This view of the subject presented
considerations of so serious a nature as would induce'
their Lordsdaips to listen with caution to the. claims;
whit k were addressed to them.
Tiie?Bishop of NORWICH felt an attachment to
the Church and the-ConstitutiSn as sincere and cor-
dial as that' of his Reverend Priend could be, though
he was so unfortunate as to differ very widely with
him on the means by which security was to be given
to these Establishments. He would never suppose
that the security of the Church was to be promoted
by inciting false and frivolous alarms. He was,
=ions to give his testimony against all attempts to
raise a clamour among the Ministers of the Church,
on 'the pretence that the Establishment would be in
danger; were the claims of one-fourth' of the .popula-
tiivof the British Empire to the enjoyment of evil
• rights granted- by Parliament. That a Christian
• Church should be endangered by an act of justice,
Was a proposition. contrary to the great maxim of
the religicin Of-Cttitir, namely—r" Whatsoever you
iiould that &hers do to you, even so do unto them."
Amidst all the dankly, Which had been raised, he
bid 'beard no solid Objection 'against the measure de-
manded by the Roman Catholics. rThe British Con-
stitution was best to be supported by carrying into
full ptactice the liberality of its principles. The
broader the foundation, the .more secure would be
the 'superstructure. Now, when every argument
hitherto urged against the Catholic Claims had been
triumph antly answered, their Lordships were told
that this acknowledgment of a foreign supremacy
was aninsurraountab4 bar to the concession deman-
de3 by the Petitioners. He should not trouble their
Lordships by eateriog into any details of the con-
struction put upon the- Oath of Supremacy by Arch-
bishop Cranmer and others : It was suflicientfor him
to observe, that the Catholics in general were ready
to take the Oath in its present form, with a slight
addition, which would render it equally binding,
while the change was unexceptionable. The present
form of the Oath dechired, that the person taking it
denied the right of any Prince, Potentate, or Power,
to exercise authority in this country, either ecclesias-
tical or civil. The addition proposed was to this ef-
fect—:" la so far as-the same may interfere with the
allegiance due by subjects to their lawful Sovereign."
This, he thought, must prove perfectly satisfactory.
At all events, things could Rot long go on as till,
were. 'ln the present state cf knowledge and of pus-
lic opinion, so disgraceful an anomaly as the ezelu-
shin of 4,Q00,000. of people .from the privileges and
right's of the Constitution, merely on account of their
conscientious adherence to religious principles, could
not Wlg exit. 'Phis -anomaly could the less be de-
fended in the case of the Roman Catholics, as it ex-
hibited against them a cruel and unjust partiality,
to sihich no other sect of Dissenters from the Estab-,
li.hed Church was subject, and. that too merely on'
acciient of the Oath of Supremacy, which other sects
werwbouud in conscience to reject as well as them.
There was no denial of civil privileges to the mem-
bers of the Church of Scotland. "It was admitted on
all hands, that there was not a better set of men in
the • British dominions than the adherents of that
Church. more attached to the Constitution. more
loyal in their principles, and more submissive in their '
conduct; and yet they contended that his Majesty
had no authority in spiritual matters, and that all
spiritual authority was vested exclusively in the Kirk.
They maintained as a tenet of their creed, as an ar..
title of faith, that the Civil Magistrate never 1141,
and never could have any supreinacyavliatever in 41-1
ritual or ecclesiastical matter.; but he would ask'
their' Lordships, were these excellent persons who
composed the Scotch Church less deserving of poll.
tical confidence, less attached to the principles of
our civil Constitution,.or less firm in their allegiance
to the Ring, than the members of the Church of
England ? No ; their fidelity and attachment to
the House of Brunswick had been conspicuous fea-
tures in their character, and their loyal conduct,
joined to all the other qualities of good subjects, had
gained them a safe admission to all civil employ-
ments of the State. Here, perhaps, he should be
told, that although the Church of .Sciatland did not
own the King's supremacy in spiritUal -matters, it
differed from the Church of Rome in this respect,
that it acknowledged no foreign jurisdiction. But
even this distinction did not exist between the Roman
Catholics and another sect, which, refusing like them,
to take the oath of supremacy, could not yet be ex-
cluded from the privileges which they we:e denied.
He alluded to the Moravians, whqAcknowledged the
authority of a foreign bishop, and who therefore
presented a case in point. The venerable Priest sit-
ting at Rome did not claim a more absolute domi-
nion over the faith of his adherents than the Mora-
vian bishop did over those who followed his system.
Yet we never thought of inquiring into the tenets of
this sect for the purpose of refusing them political
privileges. The progress of-knowledge had been of
late. attended with its inseparable associate, liberality
of sentiment ; it had softened religious into'erance,
and introduced Christian candour instead of sectarian
bigotry. Its influence on the question now before
the House was evident—it had removed the anti-
quated prejudices of rulers and people. He (the Bi-
shop of Norwich) professed himself no advocate of
indiscriniinite innovation or precipitate change ; but
he professed himself equally hostile to that Moderate
obstinacy that opposed itself to any alteratinoof the
law, however salutary, or any accornmodation of
our Sysiem to times end 'circumstances, however rte-'
ce p siar • hi this changeable ;cent of human life, we
could not with safety remain stationary, and ought.
to !jam liberality from the age in‘which we lived.
haves the chity of the House to let England cease,
from this dirt forward, to be the only country in Eu-
rope where intolerance was established by law,
where religions opiniOn excluded from civil office,
where emu were obliged to surrender their rights- for

the sake of theft conscience, and where an appeal
was made against equal privileges to Statutes which
bad been occasioned by inventions and plots
of the demons of Wickedness in a erstitious age.
Since that time, the Catholics had gifea up the abo-
minable doctrines of which they wee accused, and
on which the laws against them were founded. Would
any man in his senses now assert that they maintained
the principles which at first occasioned their exclu-
sion from office; and if they did not, why continue,
the Statutesrserpetuated that exclusion ? rear)!
The Bishopth, ETERBOROUGH shewe , from
the general teaour of the Petitions before the House,'
it sr 1d appear that a portion of their fellow-subjects
to to suffer for their religion, than which.
an ' ' could not be more unfounded or repre-
hensible. It was not on account of any abstract opi.
nions that Roman Catholics might entertain, that
the remaining exclusions were continued, but because
principles, abstract in themselves, were coupled with
crthevs which were not so, and were connected with
serious f,olitieal considerations. These combined,
tended to render it impossible that such men could
bear the same allegiance to his Majesty King George,
as those whose allegiance centered in that Sovereign
alone. It followed of necessity, that the members of
the Church of Rome ought sot to be admitted to an
equal participation of power with those of the Esta-
blished Chuych, as the former evidently bore a di-
vided allegiance. Considering this great question
with reference to the Established Church, the Peti-
tioners now only asked for political power. Yet, a
concession of their claims must ultimately place it in
a state of great danger ; and the more so, when it
was remembered, that the desires of human nature
increased with the facility of obtaining them. In this
view, the attainment of Ecclesiastical,power should
be regarded as eventually a part of their object.—
The Jesuits were always active instruments in the
extension of the Papal authority ; and it should be
,borne in mind, that their Order was restored by the
present. Pope. The ambitious views of the Roman
Church were well known, and the ('nu nett of Trent
had cleaned that Church to be distress of all Fo-
reign Countries ; of course, England must be in-
chided in the contentplatikm. The ascendancy or
security of the. Protestant Church must be of short
duration, whenever means -were, allowed to Roman
Catholics for undermining or shaking its foundation,
or rather, deeming a Protestant Church secure with
a Papal Establishment.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY, in a maiden speech,
supported the motion. Ile said, that the question
now was, whether the Catholics of Iteland were to
be placed in that situation to which they were en-
titled by Nature, and the Constitution, or were to be
for ever excluded from places of civil trust and
power ? Ile wondered, after late experience, how
any doubt could for a moment be entertained of their
allegiance. They served their conntry, both at home
and abroad, with a real that should remove every
apprehension, as to their attachment to the Consti-
tution. In the event of another war, when their !Mr-
vices. might again he required, it would be politic,
putting ;I! considerations of justice out of the case,
to treat them so that they could feel no unss illingness
to serve again. As to the tenets and principles at-
tributed to them, of keeping no faith with' heretics,
of not -being bound by oaths, they appeared to him
quite ridiculous, and were completely disproved by
their conduct. They were too enlightened a body
to be influenced by any such doctrines.. He would
not enter into the arguments so frequently, and so
ably urged in their support. Their Lordships were;
already familiar with them, and it was not in his
power to add any thing to their strength. He would
grant the Catholics what they required, not because
they demanded it, but because he felt confident, that
it was the best policy. and that nothing could tend
more to strengthen the Constitution both in Church i
and State.

Lord DE DI:NSTANVILLE opposed the motion.',
If he fel.t perfectly satisfied that the participation of
privileges claimed by the Catholics would have no
other effect than to place some of them in situations
of civil trust, he might be disposed to acquiesce in
it. This, liqwever, he greatly apprehended would
not be the case. At the same time that he opposed
any farther concession to them, he thought that all
the pr vile prant.d to the Irish Catholics, should
be extended to the English also.
The LORD CHANT EL'.OR then left the wool-
sack to address their L. rds tips. He commented on
the speech of the Earl f D moughmore, and inform-
ed the House, that if the N.shlc Lord would tell them
what plan he intended to propose in the Committee,
and what defences he intended to erect for the secu-
rity of the Constitution, in the place of those which
he was endeavouring to throw down, he for one
would have no objection to grant the Noble Lord the I
Committee which he required. But speaking with
the prejudice of an English Lawyer, loving the Con-
stitution upon principles of law, and yet at the same
time being as warm a friend to toleration as.any man
in the House, he would ask, what security by oath
could the Catholics give, which could reconcile the
King's supremacy in thin.s temporal, with the Pope's
supremacy in things ecclesiastical He thought that
they could give none ; and, entertaining such thoughts,l
he felt it his duty to call upon their Lordships to con-
sider, what plan there was that Parliament could
adopt consistently with the safety of the Constitution,
out of all the plans which had been proposed to their
notice since the commencement of these discussions.
To him it appeared that none of them were practica-
ble ; because, if we were to believe the recorded his-
tory of the country, from the year 1660 to 1688, it
would be seen how systematically the Roman Catho-
lics pursued the accomplishment of their own objects,
and the destruction of the National Church, through
every obstacle and every difficulty. There might be
some individuals who supposed that the tenets which
the Catholics held at that time were not. the tenets•
which they hold now, and who, under that Supposi-
tion, deem the continuance of the disqualifications
imposed upon them as' one of the most scandalous
limpositions that ever was inflicted on man; but with
those individuals he could tly no means agree, inas;
much as there was no proof, either direct or indirect,
of any change having occurred in the religious prin-
ciples of the Roman Catholics. The question, he re-
peated it, was,. whether the House would stand by
that Constitution, which had secured the most ample
personal liberty to every individual who lived under
tt, or whether they would recur to that Constifutign
under which their ancestors had lived. priabzus.tei

=

should not be surprised if a
theie disqualifications being
thing"turPrises I to-morrow.
-west passage were discovered
times," continued the NobleenLacoteded.?" V'w.heielivhenion-1,
immediately follow the former discovery :
danyt
notat
desideratum b e
thif
rthrough
theg discovery
hso man oafsbtle
ages,
sl.hof?nul id-
ttshhuid:le; could surprise me, I should be surprise a
hearingbament
withoutchat an y
t
required. Such a proposition has, however,
Lordships
takingni an c
atnh the i oathsieithern
which House
vobeuy: lawoeef
been
arc"ser
srhioaulislbynmd aaimntoaningedth:e brit
votes
any
this oefveynoinugr
any person received, who has not taken thetL°ll7.erce.ostsealryPosf
doaths,utytoyyoouu
yourselves
Lord. then said, that treating this cubiect as a Law-
cmoeu.nfotrrya..,derTheliectNioonholef
ts
taonidm c
theh
thyeart, (alanidLhaewyweLs awme,arere
bad
dt apototbi.clie:nizrathhouagdhsaaildi
tpoLoliutidcitansughstveerr)Lbehecommuste
oabcsecorvmep,lthishaetdthLealsaev ygoers'lge—
of th,statute law, derived from the common law,
was, .0 The Church of Etgland is free," or in other
words, that she owes obedience to none but Goo.
Several writers upon law had said, that when the
Roman Catholic Religion was the Religion of the'
country, the country had contained men, whose va-
lour had been the admiration of the world, whose
talents had rendered us glorious in the eyes of other
nations, and whose virtues would have rendered them
an ornament to the proudest era of either Greek or
Roman story : he should be the last man in the world
to cor.tradict the truth of this statement? but he
could not help asking after he had made it, whether
these illustrious characters, with all their prowess,
virtues, and talent, did or could rescue their country-
men from the slavery in which Catholicism had im-
mersed them? Ecclesiastical usurpation generally
terminated in civil tin arm y—(Lured tries corhear,hear,
from the Minist, rift! tenches ; re.ccheed also, rons the
OppoSition benches). I say hear too," continued
the Noble Lord, for 11, ish your Lordships to hear
*chat I say now, as I shall not long be able to ad-
dress either this or any other assembly." It had been
said that by the Act of Union with Scotland, a
Church bac) been recognized and established which
did not acknowledge the King as its head ; he wished
to know how this argument applied to the case be-
fore them : the Church of Scodand, it was tree, did
not acknowledge the King as its superior, but then,
it did not, as the Catholics do, acknowledge another
potentate, and that potentate a foreigner, its superior
in his stead. The Constitution, which ensured these
privileges to us all, when it acknowledged the right
of every man who acknowledged it to places of trust,
power, and emolument, did not acknowledge the
right of any man to them, Who.did not acknowledge.
its full authority. Before he quitted this part of the
subject, he should wish their Lordships to consider
again the nature of the Constitution: there were, in-
, deed, some who thonght that a better might be de-
vised, but it was needless for him to say that he was
not of their number ; his persuasion arising from an
attentive perusal of every record that had passed be-
tween the House of Commons, the House of Peers,
and the Sovereigns, was, that the best security.for
the Church and for liberty was, that the one should
be maintained by the authority of the State, and the
other by a toleration as free as is consistent with the
safety of the community. If be were a supporter of
'the Catholic claims, he "should be sorry to urge any
argument in favour of them which was. derived from
the numbers of those who urged them. If their num-
bers were great, that was no to concede
them if tbey,were unfmnded; if. their numbers were
small, no argument to refuse them, if they dere just.
lie had looked upon this subject with all the anxiety
which it demanded ; and in his investigations had
found that though certain canons, as adverse to the
spirit of Religion as they were to the temper of the
times, had been renounced by individuals, they had
not been renounced by the Church of Rome. Our
ancestors had always connected together the idea of
popery and slavery, and he could not look upon them
without viewing them in a similar light. Entertain-
ing, therefore, the sentiments which he most consci-
entiously did on this subject, he should be guilty of
'abandoning his duty to tie Constitution, if he did not
give his decided vote against the Noble Lord's mo-
tion, and resist any concession to the Roman Catho-
lics, while the Church of Rome had not renounced
the principles which occasioned the laws of which
they now complained. When they would renounce
those principle, he should be for conceding every
pos4ibie boon r them: but now he most conscienti-
ously opposed every concession. He saw nothing to
induce him to believe that. the Roman Catholics were
changed, and therefore, he never could give way to
their pretensions or claims—(Neer, hear, hear).
Earl GREY did net feel himself qualified to argue
on points of law with the Noble and Learned Lord.
But, as points of law had now arisen, k was his duty
to argue them as well as he could. The Noble Lord
had said, the Constitution of this country was wholly
Protestant, and therefore the proposition of this night
was inadmissible. This doctrine, if well founded,
would put an end at once to the question ; but with
all due deference and respect to the Noble Lord, he
must deny positively the position. He most readily
granted, that our Establishment, as formed at the
Revolution, was fundamentally Protestant. We were,
by the Act of Settlement, to have a Pi otestant King,
and we had contingent securities, collateral and in-
cidental, arising out of the circumstances of the
times. These circumstances remained no longer in
existence, and therefore the contingent and subsidiary
securities might now he removed, though the funda-
mental. part or principle of the Protestant Throne
might remain. Triennial Parliatnelts was one of the
collateral and subsidiary securities then. nacted, yet
that Act was in the reign of George I. repealed
.
Would the Noble Lord argue that even.the impor-
tant right of Petition might not, under certain cir-
curnstances, be, for a time, suspended; or would the
Noblee.nd Learned Lord, who, with his Majesty's
Ministtivs, had suspendecisorne'of the dearest rights
ofwev tea'. Pestooppltoe,
further
ythethr apt:oPear.et4ilinenng
?t
Thewas Nnooblve sa
it
l
theti•tiroceeded to take a review. of. the several Acts
of ?zrliament passed • egainet -the Catholics, corn-
IneltiVith 414 tb,„ rPant4l Cc* . the early--
part t rwtri whlrd'aras tollewed
.AllePtit the Duke
om'esik,l-thb occesiqtr tbeielsich thettfititT4Micinger
exisfid, 4ie.7l:ci -or tilt go*, pt.
'aiii<fickeilha b9lll ti.
. iat
J:F" •

Parliament. But this Act, e,
the Noble and Learned Lori e
measure, arose, as was now ackte,,
heats and ferments occasioned
Next, in the reign of Ceerre I.
prohibithlg Cathoics front vot;
Parliament ; but at thi time the
sion trembled, and the countiv
anxious to restore the exiled heril
was wholly extinct ; and he wont
Lord, did he really believe that ii
l.tws were lepealed, there weell
Protestant Eitablishment being i
the succession of the Prince next
being interrupted ? lle inention..t;
laws, shew that the motives
existed, and theretOre that they
be repealed. 1k would ask tie
had declared he had read and
Locke's Letters, which declared,
the Catholic Religion one not
that it Was a crime to be punishe
Learned L3rd had declared he di
with Mr. Locke. Ile v:ished to
Learned Lord if he agreed with
Catholics held no faith with hem
sidered Sovereiens excennnunic.
letv:ng tinfeited their crowns,
having a claim to the ttllegiatu
The Noble and Learned Lord saii
so much as this to the Catholics,
sider the Cath -he disclaimer Cf
enough. What fuiisr disci timer
Learned Lord have beyond the
lies, in the oath they were tea e,
contained in the declaratioa
To I:im (Earl Gres) these disclaii
satisfactory. On the whole, I.e
laws passed to exclude Catlinhs,
lived the cii carnstances in w
they onght to he repealed, as a
the motion ..f his-Noble Friend st
The Noble Lord then referre.l to
wards, previous to the It 2:,:rn:t;
prove that the subject, though p;-
legiance to the Pope, never fai:
mandate cf their Sovereign. 1'
waeds had even declared himself
with the Pope ; a plain proif
sions on the score of his sehi..
the reign of Eliza :eta,
p,sed to Philip of Spaia, the its .t
Sovereign ,f the day, z•ei
pal Throne, her Cethelie ,
and faittlaily attached to her. _
Learned Lord had. n:ltitled to the ertislos of I.
with Ireland, and Catholics were l'v that U.
excluded. -Now, true it was. isy that Voieti P:
testant Religion le:ts to he considired 1e ::.e et
I:disked religion of the country ; btu there eas rte;
single v..orsf intimating That the esclusina oldie Cr
tholics was to be permanent. Oa the cOntetry. f.e
fourth- article cf the 171.:on prov;iled certain t-s:,,
which were *it) cont tine ire forne until Pariiiitrent
meted otherwise. This shewed that the pertains aid
carried the Union hat' other o!jecti in view ; and tint
they had further objects in view, appeared plate}
afterwards ; for, being un.tble ;to miry these nee
stems, they soon afterwards found it necessary tort.
tire from office —(Near, hctir.)—Up aadrtcer
grounds, he contended that the Catholics c: aid act
be deprived of their eligibility to hell civil nice,
but by an act of the most glaring impalicy art! rr
justice ; by doing which we disunited the whole hod
of Catholics fioni us—rendered them dissatisfied ail
discontented, and ready to take advantage cif any ep•
portunity which our weakness or our ditiictilties
might afford them ; and this the Niible and Leirned
Lord called supporting the Establishment in Chun'
and State ! and this too at a period when, by our Inn.
taken policy, we had raised up for ourselves power:
lot opponents in Russia and America ; when France
was gradually recovering her strengtla; arida: a pe-
riod when our finances were ruined—when we la-
boured under an excessive load of taxation, and our
revenue was not equal to.the payment of the irterest.
of the National Debt and the expenses cf. the Pub:4
Establishment.

w!:f11 0

!:e s►,

z,LI:LS f'

Lord LIVERPOOL denied that the object of the
Catholics on this occasion was of a minor &scrip
tion. In ISI3, a Bill was brought into the other
House of Parliament, the object of which wag to give
the Catholics eligibility to office. In the course of
its progress, however, exceptions were made to 10.. r
or five high offices of State. What was the conduct
adopted on this occasion by those who proposed ix
Bill and supported it? why, that they •,:ithdrew the
Bill, the supporters of it. being determined if thty
could not have all they would have nothing. The
Noble Lord contended, that the Establishment by
the Constitution was fundamentally Protestant, Ard
that the King must be a Protestant. How then war
we to reconcile this with the principle of the present
Nlerion, by which we should be subjected to see a
Vrotestant King with Catholic confidential a.hise:s2
The fundamental principle of the Constitution Wl!f
that the King and Parliament should be Protestant.
We were ignorant what dangers might follow our
acts. Twenty years before the Revolution, in tae
reign of Charles the First, would any one have cit.-
dited the assertion, that at the distance of 9.0 vats
from that period the Puritans would overturn the
Throne and the Established Church ? cr whc, in the
reign of Charles the Second, would have given creda
to a tale of what was to take place, and did take
take place, in the reign ef his successor? Vwitn re-
spect to the disabilities of the Cathelics, they atosc out
of the act of the Catholics therns.;:slves, who
place themselves in a situation to be partal-ers of 2..
the advantages of the State. They paid ad" rtt
allegiance to the Crown, and were riot entitled to
the indulgences enjcyed by these who proicsse.; ••
complete and unqualified obedience. But the Cam,
lies were. not singular in this respect. The raimsq-civ
and respectable body of Quakers and other nsser.:rs
were, in- consequence of their religious serafies• ea
eluded front many places of trust. Whea th.e t
tholics cf Ireland were admitted to the eset.ise
their elective franchise, they were grant:ed.%
dresses of acknowledgment w.re t:resentca tr.,
every county in Ireland to the Lord Lteittc.ti.t.
which not the most distant allusion was mad: tor
titer concessions.; yet the nest
t Session_ did 11,1
over without further application an,i .
sion, and he believed if all, they riow
,granted, it would only encourage then, tc.

ar:!icr

4
, .
~
.
,
,i
,1 t
11
1 if
;
11
I. i
. !
li

-.mug
1..,• I ;
" •
• ~• • •
kit
!. • t:
.
ft.,, •‘.
i.k , :41•••i,
, • •
. •
,„
id
:CT ?}I!
...•
Le NO 1.
-PI 17;4.
•
to '
ed. "Ili . t
rs• t,
C
Mr. I.
"tics ; •,; 4
'AVM h •!.e It
4
ice cf
!id l•
yt
1/li".c t ti
ti..(*.r.4.
!) tat r, ,h
I
irately .1; , •
• consi 'cntsl 5.,,
S. Itavin'y • • ~•:
they had.
4 'CAT t
1,..) 3
i the ....me-.
rofessiag seir,, a .1,
ied to •
Tha or.e
icu 'to e
he ha.i ;), •'...
t;' a'ho i
sst
.e ;►itti.der • c)...
:Ls
r. The e' 44'
the urt:slcf (4: U.,
s were t'ti ;:s
.• that I: Rl_
nsidireh as :'.e
; b•it there •:•. as r.:l:e
exclusion of the C.e
On the contrary.
-ovish-fd certain ;et:,
: nr.til Pittiiatrenz
that the petton), %rid
cts in view ; aaltb
apreures; pla:r.y
to car r; those mei-
nd it r.,,cestzry tore.
• Up:on :::tese 33.1 ct..e:
Catholics could nut
to hell civil
ing art! ra•
sited the chose hcdy
them dissatisfied ai:d
advantage of any eps
i or our difficulties
e •ble and Learned
blishmeut in Chur:b
od when, by our !Lis-
for ourselves power:
aerica ; when France
rength ; and at a re-
uined—when •ae a-
-1 of taxation., anh our
a yment of the ir terra
tpenses ef. the Pub..x
.hat the object of the
of a mii,or descri
tight into the other
or which was zo give
'• In the course of
is were made to !oar
'hat was the conduct
)se who proposed
it they •,:ithdrew the
determined if they
have nothing. 'lle
to Establishment by
tally Protestant, .rd
:ant. how then evert
nciple of the present
ie subjected to see a
ionficiential aisise:s?
ihe Constitution sva,,
s_ _ L. art.

er.cOurAged to *hold this opi-
.a: of, a publication of a most re-
Catholic, deceased, Sir ThsoCkt
!d his opinion that the titne*aliotj
the Bishops in Ireland wb}llsl, 'as.
part of Germany; be appointed
he Catholic and Protestant Clergy.
was now asked, in his opinion we
1, and could gain little, since the
population would gain nothing by
ill have to pay their double tythes,
)w, they would be disaffected. For
to support the Constitution as esta-
.volution,. he must oppose this Mo-
kind to the Catholics and'all who
but let us also recollect the bless-
,ed for the last century under otir
nd not risk those blessings by.spe-

IWNE defended the motion. The
talks, as far as they went, he con-
granted with safety. What did
:o be called to the Councils of their
will of that Sovereign, and to be
it in Parliament, elected there by
y of whom were Protestants. With
h of which so much had been said,
; authorised :o say, that the Catho-
to amen,: it in any way which
of separating the spiritual ju-
. civil allegiance. What was now
to give power to the CatholiCs,
wliu would by the adoption of
to call to his Council any
..tvice he might consider likely to
,2. 171:e Noble Marquis declared
rro:ien to be one which, in his
the strength of the Empire,
th trials to which we might yet
,:ave :is a sectuity to the Protestant

)ftr,L.:C.7D was of ()Pinion, that
e now ;roprhed, instead of pro.
1-,a)ng,t the Catholics of Ireland,
ye of disorder and discontent ; and
-are should have his decided oppo-
-4 said, that no time more fivour-
,...e,t could exist for entertaining this
frered in opinion with those who
Many circumstances had oc-
td rendered this a very improper
the Cutlustics of Irehnd them-
of the Pope, the riots at
•In.lQ:- LI several Protestants there ;
the publication of the Bible, and
Or:.ler of Jesuits, were all facts
ent-ert:;.iaing the question at this
'..:3.N.111V0N condemned the con-
t on this subject. They had all
.1e Catholics to all the offices of
had put the sword into their hands,
112na admission to civil offices. As
remacy, be did not andeistand in
?cognition of it was demanded from
hey were willing to acknowledge.
urch ai the Established Religion of
the King as the head of the -Protes-
,at more could be required'? Was the
,y the head of the Established Church,
? The argument was absurd. .
kVELLINGTON said, he considered
of this question turned on the expe-
•ing the disabilities from the Irish
and wbat* concessions could be
a means of inquiry, atommittee
The whole question rested on the de-
which could be given to the Pro-
Is by law established in Ireland. To
k•as necessary to reflect how the Re-
established in Ireland. It was
him to recall to their Lordships' re-
. the reformed religion had been
:land by the sword. This was fresh
in of the people of Ireland. Keeping
Irish Roman Catholic Church, under
continued in the same state—the
to same influence over the Clergy—
ame power over the people;—in this
he would ask, whether it was consi-
tan Catholics could be safely admit-
its in Parliament?—(Hear,
.Itear.)—
ut the question.—the influence which
over the people, and the desire with
st be animated to recover the posms-
)erty of which they had been stripped
ation. It was however said, that se.
L'eted on the part of the Roman Ca-
Pope, it seemed, had, in the appoint-
, relinquished all to the Crown, except
1-r-ing of a spiritual blessing. But how
ession been received by the people of
td•excited the utmost discontent, and
as an abandonment of the essential
ten. religion. Considering, then, that
don turned upon the degree of secu-
,d be given, and looking at the vari-
which had at several times been pro-
never yet seen any thing which came
In of that which ought to be required.
been said of the domestic nomination
did not see how the laws of the conn-
ate upon it so as to make it an ade-
Then as to the Oath of Allegiance
rep was to take, of what avail could it
iw required this oath from a Bishop,
doted Goo knows how, or by whom ?
Ise circumstances were considered—the
Catholic Church—the way in which
ton had been effected—the rivalry and
the Catholics and the Established
he inadequacy of all securities which
there was enough to decide the
it: first and greatest duty of the Legis-
secure the Establishment as settled at

• • ! It a; LEY spoke shortly in favour of
a. 1.! ;a; .I he was prepared to grant aA the
!1.,‘ (:.t holics.—The Question being then
' ti:C! House divided—
'. Contents .37
• '

147

106
147

• :"• the M0i1..... 41.
11:81-inist One o'Clock.

•
Mt,
Net/611.0,.ee***Bi_,_
frninshe OSlntref the Chief sissisertatictro-`
lead,upreslested fit. We Use le the Kunduriedlicelesilles
*ltatukinit for rtioutl.,-•-Ot to lie on the
0 '
A Bill ei the Repetki Br Amendment AeritZliejlintr
'Bristol eras broujrhteip, read a first tinse, and Tot k
Inwood peadieg. . -
.:: J.
A Staff Petition vras presented front certain rennin lathe emit
ordered ord, against tlie Bakers' Regulating Bille7Raak. *lllll
tolle on the table.
Ciitherees Divorce Bill wasxead a third titne, and pitied..
Mr. HUNTER AIR broht u the 'respeethi
the Scotch Jail BilLßL—Ordered to b uge
prinp Repute l printed. 1
Mr. CHARLI.IS HARDY brought in a Bell for the nem-
tenant* and Regulation of the Poot.—Read a first time, and
ordered for a second reading on Wednesday, the 26th inst.—
Ordered also to he printed.
A Petition was.presented from. certain Inhabitants of the
Coanty,of Cornwall, against the Poor Settlement Bill.—Ordered
to lie on the table.
On the motion of Mr. BOSWELL, the House resolved itself
into a Committee, Mr. thieves BLAII: in the Chair, on the
Scotch Desuetude Act. After reading it in the /1/11 form, the
House was resumed, when, on the motion of Mr. Hinersa
BLAI/, the Resort was ordered to be received to-morrow.
• The Bill to prevent the Sale of Poisonous Drugs, without the
label or stamp " Poison" on it, was brought in, and read a first,
ordered for a second reading nn Monday, and to be printed.
The Bill for making a Road from the City of Glasgow to the
City of Carlisle, was read a third time, and pared.
The Bill for Repairing and Amending certain Roads near
Tadcaster, in the County of York, was, on the motion of
STUAILT Woviniv, read a third time, and passed.
The further consideration of the Land Tax Commissioners'
Bill was postponed till Monday next.

LONDON GAS LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. P. MOORE moved the second reading of the
London Gas Light Bill. •
Sir R. FERGUSON moved an amendment, that
the Bill be read a second time that day, six months.
Mr. COLCLOUGH supported the Bill, on the
ground that it would promote competition.
Sir J. YORKE had no partiality for the Fire and
Water Companies. By their conduct, they were a
sort of nuisance to the public. In his opinion, all the
competition or rivalry which they produced was the
rivalry of who should pull the pavement most vio-
lently to pieces !—(Dear, hear, and loud laughter.)
After Some observations on the part of Alderman
WOOD, and Mr. BENNETT, the House divided.—For,
the Amendment, 134--Against it, 31—Majority,
.103. The Bill was consequently lost.

TROOPS IN TUE WEST INDIES.
Sir It. FERGUSON, referring to a Return for
which he had moved, as to troops sent out to the West
Indies observed, that of late the Artillery k particu-
lar had, gone out with the certainty of never return-
ing; and he hoped, as this practice WAS unjust "to the
men and injurious to the service, that Ministers would
pledge thernielves that in future the troops should be
exchanged at the end of every seven years.
Lord PALMERSTON observed, that the return,
if moved for, would spew that some of the" troops had
been removed at stated ifitervals.
Sir It. FERGUSON added, that he did not think

it necessary to move for any return; all he wished
would be attained, if Ministers would consent to re-
lieve every seven years, and if the impression were
done away, that when troops were sent out, theywere
banished from. their country for life.
As there was no motion, the conversation dropped.
STATIC OP THE NATION.

Sir JOHN SEBRIGHT, with much deference to'',
'the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Tieintylloped that
he would allow him to recemmendihe postponement
of the very important motion which* bad announced
for to-morrow, till aftei the xliscueeion on the Report
of the Secret Committee on the affairs of the Bank.
Mr. TIERNEY, with much respect for the Hon.
Member, declared that it was impossible for him to
consent to his proposition. The motion which he had
to submit to the House, could not affect the discus-
sion which the Hon. Member mentioned, so deeply
as to cause any alteration in the plan. Übe consented
to any longer delay, he must drop it. altogether.
After some observations from Mr. H. Stamen,
Lord ALTuoaP, Mr. WYNNii &c. the conversation
ceased, it being clearly understood that Mr. Tierney's
motion will come on to-morrow (this day.)

RANK COMMITTEE REPORT.
Lord FOLICSTONE wished to know front the
Right Honourable Member (Mr. Peel) the nature of
his intended motion on Friday ? His Lordship sug-
gested, that the Resolutions intended might be sub-
mitted to the. House on or before Friday, ordered to
be printed, and, by affording time for the considera-
tion of the Resolutions, the debate might be post-
poned to some subsequent day. Gentlemen would
thus be enabled to make up their minds and clime
down prepared on the subject: They would at once
be made acquainted with the specific Resolutions, and
better enabled to diicharge their duty.
Mr. PEEL, with much politeness, said, that he had
no wish to press or hurry the discussion of the in-
tended Resolutions. The subject was of the very
first importance, and therefore every Gentleman
ought to have a reasonable time to deliberate on the
probable result: To accommodate Gentlemen, he,
(Mr. Peel) had no objection to postpone the debate
till Monday. In the mean time he would endeavour
to present a copy of the Resolutions, perhaps tomor-
row or next day ; at all events on or before Friday..
Mr. CALLAGHAN deprecated any further delay,
as dangerous to the interests of the country:
Lord CASTLEREAGH assured the House, that
the delay should not exceed Monday ; and that in
the mean time the Resolutions should be printed; and
distributed among the Members.
Mr. CALCRAFT requested the Right Hon. Gen.,
tleman (Mr. Peel) to fix,the discussion for Monday,
as the country, till the decision of the House, would,
be very much agitated.
Mr. PEEL repeated What he had already advan-
ced, that the delay of the discussion should not go
beyond Monday next.—The conversation here ended.
On the motion of Mr. BENNET, further proceed-
ings on the Bill relative to the Licensing of Public'
houses, were deferred till Friday.
CAPTAIN HANCIIETT.
Mr. BENNETT said, he held in his hanci iPetitiob
from a gallant (Nicer, complaining of injustice done
him in his profession, and charging an Honours. ble
Gentleman opposite, •connected with the Treasury,
with abusing his official patronage, for the prpoxe
of acquiring influence in the Borough ofranterburp
He wished to steer clear of any thing like persona.litg,
and should only move unit the Petition be brcwil2Lie,
The CHANCELLOR- or. thi
thought it would be'better m take Jobe 'finte,to e
mine the allegations in the. censequltnet
of the name of Captain Hanchetk be
of
tioned to'him as a gallant-o%w hnsCintiesduflitl
him tO-tile public 'Orifice in tint •d! pests. Captini

to retire np.nai stiiiiinnttation;:
brit that iii`Coinini to the rules of service. •It
was then discovered that he had eke:it'd into a iiego-
dation with the Officer next to him in seniority, and
had propose 4 ou retire and make room for him, upon
receiving a consideatlon of £6000: It became in
that case the duty of the Treasury td remove him ;
and nothing had been done by his Honouttible #riend
without his entire approbation. He hoped tile Reso-
lution. would be withdrawn.

Mr. BENNETT said he had cautioned the Offieir
to be very correct in his statement, as otherwise he
would be a lost man. The case had been put by the
Right Hon. Gentleman in the most hostile shape to
Captain Hanchett, whose Petition it was his duty to
bring forward.
Mr. LUSHINGTON stated, that to ptesent the
Petition would be an act of cruelty to the individual
in question, who, in fact, ought to have been dig.
missed'sooner. In mentioning the transactioa which
had occasioned his dismissal, Captain Hanchett said
he wished it to be under the rose. He had previously
desired to retire upon 3-4ahs of his pay, and he (Mr.
Lushipgton) told hint it was impossible, as he had
been only three years in the service; when hspeti-
tered into a negotiation with , the next officii, and
had proposed to retire, and make room for him, on
reeeivini- £6OOO. On that account he had been dir
missed. Upon a reference to the Law Officers of the
Crown, the case was found not to -come within the
precise terms of Mr. Perceval's Act, as he had nest>•
ciated correptly for hiurself, and not fotienother.
Mr. BENNETT helve observed; that it was quite
new to blacken the character of the man ' before the
Petition was read.
Mr. LUSHINGTON said, his only wish was to
save the public money; and he should be as/lamed
to make use of the patronage of Office for any poli-
tical purpose.
Sir FRANCIS ButtnErr thought it would have
been better to have heard the Petition read, in the
first place. The transaction was not in itself infa-
mous, and had been often done. In the case of Mr.
Perceval and of the Noble Lord opposite, though a
corrupt transaction had been begun, yet thellouse
had forborne to punish, as the transaction had not
been completed. The statements in the Petition de-
manded investigation.
The Petition was then brought up and read ; pur-
porting to be the Petition of J. M. Hanchett, C. B. a
Captain in the Royal Navy, and lately Comptroller-
General of Revenue Boats and Vessels.

Mr. BENNETT moved, that it lie on the table.
Mr. LUSHINGTON said, that the Petition had
one defect, as it made no mention of the £6OOO de-
manded by Captain Hanchett for retiring, in order
to make room for the Officer next in seniority and
he cited a passage from a letter, of Captain Hanchett,
in which he observed, that the transaction was to be
_ _

kept under the rose, and from his (Mr. Lushington's)
.knowledge. He then commented at some length on
the allegations in the Petition, and contended they
were unfounded.
„ Mr. BENNETT had never seen Captain Hanchett
till the Petition had been put into his hands. That
Officer had denied, in the strongest terms, the state-
ment as to the £6,000. Captain Hanchett was to re-
ceive a certain proportion of the value of the prises
that should be captured. But as his -propoitleit
amounted to several thousand pounds, he wrote to
-the Lords of the Treasury, that as such a sum could
not have been in contemplation at the time of the
agreement, he should decline receiving it. Captain
Hanchett had all along said, nothing was to be done
without the privity of the Secretary of the Dewitt-ye
Mr. W. WYNN said, that it was obvious that some
regulation was necessary with respect to Petitions, in
order that the time of the House might not be un-
necessarily wasted.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY said, that he could not sub-
scribe to this doctrine. It was the duty of Petitioners
to make their complaints known to the House in their
own way. He was enabled to say, that he believed
every word of the Hon. Gentleman complained of.
Mr. N. CALVERT thought this Petition might not
to be printed, as, if not true, it was a grosc libel on the
Honourable Gentleman.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER read
a letter from Captain Hanchett, begging that his resig-
nation might be accepted.
Mr. LUSHINGTON said, that the Officer was
dismissed for the sale of offices.
After some further conversation the Petition was
of dertd to be laid on the table.
• ' BARNSTAPLE ELECTION_

the Report of the Barnstaple Bribery Bill was
brought up ; and on the motion for agreeing to the
amendments,
Sir ;ROBERT WILSON could not agree to this
Bill; and said, that the proposed addition to the Elec-
tors of Barnstaple would not bring such a mass of
virtue into the Eorough as would secure it from the
corrupt practices of such a man as Sir M. Lopez.
'He therefore prOposed, that a Bill shc4d be brought
in,.not to deprive the Electors of their franchise alto-
rroher;but he would propose, that it should be taken
m them as far.as it related to the Borough, but
that it Ahould be extended to one of the great Cities
now unrepresented; or, if that could not be procured,
he should propose, that the Electors of Barnstaple
should have votes for Knights. of the Shire. He
therefore moved, that the .motion should be nega-
tived ; and, if that were agreed to, he would move,
that the Elective Franchisg be extended to Leeds;
and that the Electors of Barnstaple should have the
power of voting for Knights of the Shire.
Mr. W. WYNN supported the original Bill. When
the remedy proposed had been found to be sufficient,
it would be unwise to pass a Bill such as was con-
templated by the gallant Officer.
Sr J. NEWPORT conceived it would be attain-
ing a great practical good to carry the original Bill;'
and therefore they ought not to destroy that good by
attempting to go beyond the principle of
,that,pill,
Mr. MARTIN, (of Galway,) said, that C.orruption
was. not imputed to above thirty, persons in.th
a Bo-
rough of Barnstaple. Therefure..he would propose
that tile Bill should be re-comiiiitted, in order to era.
;mine witnesses as to who had really been corriied,
and that the should be dealt with most,severelye
Mr . V.:1;44E wished that the-right of lectiop
for Earwritple should extend-to those who gee-•
holds in the rieighbo9iitig Itundreds, and whd Wete.
also reiidehtin the Borough. •• .- •
Mr. Alderman WAITH?4A.2II said. 4hat the. virtue
:orthellottie•wai on die trial; and it would be seen

• ' ' • • • *".
mai wtornl,
under pretatie Wie visionlry?
Could that be. '4l3llcli tentative
.sytem where
One county' sendi 41;r101454,tn,''ind twelve othfi
counties only send as many This was the moment
for the House td .chew that it was deteraiintd to set
its fate against all corrupt acts. He had known
many instances in which the corrupt Boroughs of
Cornwall had been offered for sale to different Fer
sons, with the prices affixed. He thought the right
course would be to haVe the Bill re=committed, and
then to move an amendment to it.

Mr. Alderman WOOD was sorry the Noble Lord
had not carried his Bill to the extent of giving the
Elective franchise to all hoticeholders in the Borough
of Barnstaple. He thought that Leeds and Manches-
ler and the other great towns, ought to be represented.
Lord COMPTON supported theoriFinal Bill.
- Mr. D. HARVEY said, he was a decided friend to
Parliamentary Reform ; but he was not wedded to any
particular plan. He was satisfied, from all he had
heard or seen, that the people had not that full and
free representation they ought to have, in order to
counter. balance the influence of the Crown, or of the
Aristrocacy. He therefore thought they ought to
throw the right of election into large towns, uncor-
rupted hitherto, and to take it away from places that
were corrupt.
Mr. G. LAMB Said, that this was t Bill for cor-
rectinn of abuses, and not one for Parliamentary Re-
form. When the time should come to discuss that
great quesOon, he trusted he would rot be found
backward in maintaining those prefeisions he had
Made elsewhere. He would therefore support the
`motion 'of Sir R. Wilson.

Lord CLIVE tapported the Bill, and the Ficruse
divided ; for the original-motion -110—Against it 12
Majority 9fh
Mr. W. WYNN, aftef 'this divigion, moved that
no freeman of Barnstaple should have a vote at
an Election, unless be wal a resident in the Borough.
• • Mr. BATHURST oppoted it:
- Mr. W. WYNN did not wish to press the Arriendi
ment ; but it could not be denied that the corruption
principally belonged to the noit-resident freemen. •
Mr. DENMAN thought it highly gratifying that
this reform in Barnstaple seemed.ro have been stivall
nimously supported by the Hotite ; and he hoped ibq
would carry their efforts against 'bribery and corrup-
tion still further. He therefore'trusted the Hon. (.ien:

tleman would persist in his Amendment.
Mr. We COURTENAY was ev.reirely aniritus
that this Bill should pass; awl; therefore, he liopid
it would not be endangered by ally further -attempt
at amendment.

Mr. F. DOUGLAS gave notice, that next Session
he would move for leave to bring in a BilYto regu4
late the Expenses of Odt-voters. for Boroughs:
' Mr. W.WYNN withdrew his Amendment; '
. Mr. VALAKE moved, that the right of -Voting
'shotald. bt given to the Inhabitants of BarnstaPll4
ptnerally, and not to the Freeholders of the peighl
bouring Hundreds,
' Lord CARITAMPTON—Does the Hon§tirabld
MeMber mein male or female Freeholders? lettlehi
• The amendment was then negatived.. • • • • ••••
• Mr. V. BLAKE then moved, that none but resia
dent Burgesses should have votes for Members for
Barnstaple.
LOrd'CLIVE thentght the House would not inter- ,
ferd'so far 'with the right of Election.'
Aldertnan WOOD said, there'were noit'he he 4
lieved, ten resident Freeholders in Barnstaple. •
The Amendthent Was;thea negatived, aria
was ordered• to be.read-a third time to.-initdrOW, '•
POORS. LAW*. . , .
On the motion for the second readzng of the P • r's
Rates Misapplication Bill,
Mrs CURWEN contended, that if this*: We
to pass, they would be intreasing the degradation*,
and demoralization of the Poor tua most alarming.
extent. The distress of the Poor was to be attributed'
to taxation, and the dePletiation of mosey. This Bill-
wouldhave the efßict of pauperising the whole corn-.
munity. • The only good they could do 'would he tp,
bring the Poor back to the spirit they. formerly
.held,
which could only be done by, et:impelling the ra”
ment to theM of a fair fate of wages., At airevents:
(though no man was mere fiVourable to'aila wing
labour to-frnd iteown 1641' of price) be thonght tite
ought to allow the Magistrates, to gx A nunisnum,
price of labour, The Hop. Qentleman'con.clu:led,by
moving, that the NI! should be read a second time
this day six months. •
Mr. 'PHILLIPS objected .to the miiiiinu,al, tf
wages, but supported the motion. .
Mr. BRAND' said, this was a Bill of immense inv., •
portance. fie considereJ that this measure *OO4
give the foot habits of greater indestry and.greite
knowledge. Hi was Confident that, in the event of
a candid investigation, the' prejtidices entertained
would disappear, and'the Bill would be fOuud alike
humane and politic. -
Mr. SHEPHERD thought the pa tended to en.:
courage population of the worst kind.' '
.Mr, RICARDO said, the Bill tended to Make' all ,
forethought on the. part of the Nor Unneeesiaff.,
Mr. It. COCKBURN stated, that is the
geared to him • calculated to improve the'conditiOP of
the Pbor, it should have his support, • '
Lord MILTON doubted if the `Bill ti!
nish the number of the Poor, and he'sliotild:giVe it
his decided opposition. -
• Mr..COURTENAY had. heard the Noble I.i)i-d
with much pain, as he thought it had beenimiyersatik''
admitted, that an alteration in the Poor La;ks. was
indispensably necessary. The Bill should have his
cordial support.
Mr; WEST-ERN said, as the Bill went to legalite
what was most exceptionable in prictite,,he should
certainly oppose in
Mr. T. COURTENAV warmly supported the DUI '
Mr. HUME had expected thit a measure Would' hate 'been
brought forward for the total abolition r the Pow Lees, in 4
gradual manner.
Mr. PRI MRO.SE slid, that the BCH went tsi legalize thq
mitt of t!1 *ages of labour. out of the PO& affti be
should vote against it.
Mr. WYNN 6'41 the Bill inigghiceive the
Conurittee,,and 4.1141'n0t encourage imprudent.
Mrs L. WKLLESLUY expressed Mussel( ,the is •
u would pace additional powers in the bands
Aldcrman WOO 6 objected to the'rlanse that Went 40-lisis.
-up children in a different mode of belief frinettisat of their pat'ai,ta.,
?hellona* then'ativided.--For the. &coact .Reading:er:fr.
Anigoslincot 29—:.414)'0#ty 35.•?-—.lll*
.ordered to be committed on Wednesday. ,„
!plic brders wire thou dilx•svd 07-and ikellisaidezif-
journedat tWo ceClutt; • • • •
. . .

: •
, .f

7

F•

,• e N
e'S
• b.; the per,:ca,
recta'ale*Rontater
nortol. who s
,3, ai;;;lnt when
in some
• from th
1a•- •
• what •
,•••• le of the
sti,
.j, tow, 3rd, as not
2 icens, and 1
i,'•,hed a: the Rev
us be 1;
• :••••in u; ;
w hid eajoyc
• •Tterri, an
~.3 izir i
II,A.NSD;4I
CW.II(
1•,:lt be
a. : tiary to
at the
*•„,, ible to sit
• • • 13,0 body
• ,:c••• •
tarn
, ;2,3 he v•as
;•;,••...
' cif
c:
. WhUte
nr'2l.7
• • t
'`•-•
1.17,1
:•)!'ahti
• C:ra!f..n:P
i'te:•
::,:e the
• it
,n the Fese
ile
• 1 •••• . - :trine.
.
_3l had
. ,!2•21.1:.
. • .1 .1 2. :11:
.• .31,7 :,..,,;•••
• • -e:
1:1:::.Cd Ll
: tit
• . t•.• it. la :N sapre•
.t'+:2' the tec,
t-o-te (rut Chu
L:invire, and t
‘1.1,42
r•
'ng ta :2 not or:13
of ail Sectarle
Tile Duke of V;
eltulie whole of
rf.eacy of removii
Roman Catholics
• s•fell made, As
pi oposed. T
gree of security v
t•stant religion as
caaii,ler this it w
formation had be:
•
not necessary for
• membrane that
• established in Ire]
•
ii• the recollection
i-er view that the I
rl cepressions, I
Pope having the
• theClerov the sal
c••
rate of things, h:
(I::re.l,tl-..e. Roma:
td 'mild seat:
13-2 or, t-its he pu
fa"; religion had
rinch they must
sal.' properi
t-e Reformat
t voi.‘re ore
The Po
;re. confcrr
•a this conces
? it hat
a -• r> legal-del a
,—.••••,:;p12,-. of the
i:.e qiiesti
••:.;rhhh coald
Aecurities
▪ .•:2 hat n
:J i.,s notion
• •titat had
'op, he d
rc ',•1•1 opera
• • . i•car•ty.
e h
1a
.• allot
' those
Il t,4 )1: the lrisl
ct
!I•ru
;•• hotweet
i; :h. and lb
••
• - :01. prop(
The
•••••' IS to s
•.• • •••,•,:ot:ion
• •••• • •. : .!.
••
•••
' 0-.,
•
/•.„

• V
,
• 1 .
;•.
•
• •
I
i
,11
I.
•
•
•

I
1 I
