IJbt

THURSDAY EVENING, JULY 7, 1831.

would point out very great anomilies in this bill. Why was
a 101. househoulder to have a vote in a town while the pri.
vilege was denied to a substantial farmer who held his land
by as good a tenure ? Was It not insulting to the farmer to
be treated in this manner, as if, indeed, he was not as inde.
pendent as the 101. householder'? If this bill was carried,
a repeal of the corn laws would follow of course. We have
had too much importation of foreign goods, and foreign live
stock (he meant ex-kings) Of late (laughter.) The gallant
Colonel referred again to the leaseholders, observingQ, that
they were as independent of their landlords as freeholders.
The consequence of their exclusion front the franchise would
be a great diminution of the number of leases. He held
the bill in the greatest detestation, and would oppose it iota
its stages. This tit/wine was introduced as a screen for the
imperfection of ministers, and as a cataplasm to allay the•ir-
ritation.
Lord W. LENNOX was surprised to hear the hon.
member say that ministers were prepariog for illuminations
to-morrow night. He deprecated having the House of
Commons made the foundling hospital of the illegitimate
thanks of honourable members. (Hear, bear.) The pre-
sent state of the representation was a scandal to the institu.
eons of this country. It was advanced as an argument
In favour of the rotten borough system, that it afforded
an opportunity to several young men of displaying
their abilities in this house, whereas otherwise they would
waste them on the open air. An Honourable Friend of his
opposite was turned out of the rotten borough of Gotten,
because he decd to give an independent vote on one occa-
sion, though the patron did not say that he turned him out
on that account, but that he wished to oblige a friend. Was
not such conduct a disgrace to the representative system.—
(Hear hear.) The contest now was, not between the people
and the aristocracy, but between rottenness and justice. (Hear
hear.)
Mr. K. DOUGLAS was an advocate for extending the
franchise to Manchester, Birmingham, and other towns;
but he could not support a measure which conferred the fran-
chise on such t,s% ns as were contained in the schedules C.
and D. Ile saw nothing like safety in the measure, for it
was evidently a prelude to more extensive concessions to the
clamour of the people. All the evils of the state of the
representative system were, the Noble Lord had told them,
to be removed by this Bill, But he (Mr. K. Douglas; would
like to know whether this measure would increase the trade
and commerce of the country. There was, he admitted, a
cry in favour of reform throughout the country, and that
cry had been raised because it was expected that reform
would pave the way for the abolition of the corn laws and of
the tithe system. The Hon. Gentleman alluded to the im.
policy of cutting off 31 members, and objected to the Bill
as a measure that would be disastrous to the best interests of
the constitution.

Sir R. F. LOPEZ thought that those who supported Re.
form should lay aside all selfish motives. He would vote
for the bill, because he conceived it calculated to do good.
It was hopeless to expect that any one measure could be
brought forward in such a way as to give satisfaction to
all, and he bad his objections to the bill ; but still he was
willing to waive his opinion in favour of that of the public :
(hear, hear.)
Mr. F. LEWIS said, that he had some strong induce.
ments to vote for the Bill, and others, which made him
doubt the propriety of such a course, in consequence of the
manner in which the debate had been conducted by the sup-
porters of the measure. He had an earnest desire to see
certain changes made in the state of the representation, for
he thought that som. 'dorm was necessary, and he should,
therefore, be glad to see some proper measure, with that ob.
ject In view, carried. But he would proceed to the consi.
deration of the position in which the House was placed, and
the question befom the House. He alluded to the circuit:.
stances which had led to the dissolution, and admitted that
the voice of the thinking part of the people was anxious to
take the question of Reform into consideration—(hear.) The
question was now under consideration; and although he
would not say an unanimous, he would say that a strong feel-
ing existed in favour of Reform throughout the country—
(Hear.) There were strong reasons fur voting for the bill,
but he would not surrender up his own opinion upon the
subject ; and he had in vain listened to the speeches of
the advocates of tits measure for reasons to relieve his mind
from the difficulties which he entertained. Ile would vote
fur the bill going into Committee, (hear, hear),) in order that
it might be fully and fairly considered ; but he thought it
was a measure which would not bear to be hurried through
the house. He dreaded precipitancy in carrying this bill,
because he feared that hurry would be attended by danger.
This was a measure which contained many points that would
require the fullest consideration. It rent to deprive certain
places of their rights, and he thought it was must impolitic
to dis:ranchise thirty-one English boroughs. lie was ready
to consent to transfers of franc, ises, so as to get rid of the
close system altogether ; but he never would consent to a
limitation of the number of the English Members. (Hear,
hem.) If the Irish Reform Bill were passed, and that the
number of English representatives should be lessened, he
would undertake to say that five years would not pass without
the questim of the repeal of the union of the countries
I being carded. (Her, hear.) The present system of repre-
I met the varying fluctuations of property,and of the
times ; but an uniform system like that proposed by this bill
was highly objectionable, and would comply with the de-
mands of neither. In the late bill a power was reserved
the Privy Council to mark out the divisions and subdivi.
don into which the country was to be divided, but be thought
that such a power belonged and ought to be reserved exclu-
sively to that House. He would therefore suggest that they
should rather obtain the information necessary for the pur-
pose themselves, and act upon it, than commit such a duty
into the hands of any persons whomsoever out of doors:
(hear, hear.) The subject was one of the greatest impor.
tance, and ought to receive the fullest and the most ample
consideration, and he for one would vote for the second read-
ing, reserving to himself Cte right of offering such objections
to it in its other stages as, in his conscience, he Jima feel
himself bound to offer.

CA MPBELL was satisfied, from the candid and
manly course of the hon. gentleman opposite, that the bill
would be read a second time with almost unanimous con-
sent. Ile was satisfied the hon. gentleman would finally sup-
port the measure, when he applied his unbiassed attention
more accurately to its details. He (Mr. Campbell) had
gone to the consideration of the bill with every possible re-
verence tor the constitution; and if the measure, instead of
repairing the detects in the present, proposed a new consti-
tlon, he would have boldly and strenuously opposed it. This
bill had no such object in view. But a noble lord was ea
wedded to the present system, that he attributed the de.
struction of the constitutions of France, Spain, and other
places, to their having no rotten boroughs; no Batton', nu
Old Saruma. The constitution ought to adapt itself to the
changes and circumstances of the times, and this was all
which was now meant to be done. it was on all hands ad.
mitted that corruption existed, and that many large places
were wholly without representation. These were practical
evils, and these were the evils which were intended to 1e
removed. The bill was sit enfranchising. as well es a dis-
franchising measure. With respect to the disfranchising
past, he could not help observing the stress which had
been laid u,-on the right to exercise the elective fran.
chive. This right had been set up as a species of property;
but he, in his capacity of a lawyer, denied that there
was any property in the right to vote. That right was a
trust, but it could not be regarded in the light of property.
Boroughs were chartered, wnen they were places of consi-
deration, and contained large populations ; but when they
dwindled into nothingness, and no longer contained inhabi
tants. was not their charters gone ? Lid not these charters
become extinct ? The bill, therefore, was a restutation, and
not a revolution of the system ; and he, as a lawyer, would
say, that It did not alter the character of the voters ; for
every one who knew anything of the laws must be aware that
the terms burgess and inhabitant were synonymous. The
measure had been called a corporation robbery ; but lit da
nied that corporations had anything to do withsendit g mein.
bees to parliament. When members were first summuned there
were very few corporations in existence, and therefore it was

absurd to talk of robbery. Much had been said about the
advantage of boroughs in introducing young men of talent
to that house, but he thought the caprice of patrons in nine
cases out of ten, destroyed that advantage by reducing the
young aspirant to apathy, in consequence of his being com.
pelted to vote against his own conscience. (Hear, hear.)
An hon and gallant baronet had declared that this MI
would exclude those wealthy pewit!' who, after years of
absence, returned to this country from India, front that
house. Those persons could no longer, the hon. and gallant
baronet had said, go into the market to purchase scats
in Parliament. Ile (Mr. Campbell) did not however, know
that It was necessary to have the colonies specifically
represented ; but if so, he should expect to see an hon.
member for Calcutta, and en hon. member for Jamaica :
But a time was, when India was represented, when the Na-
bob of Arcot had no fewer than ten members in that house,
(hear.) The hon. and learned gentleman then alluded to
the system of teafficing in boroughs, and the corruption of
that system. It was thought that the metropolitan members
would be no ornament to that house ; but would they not be
chosen by as respectable a constituency as drat which snit
the members for Westminster to Parliament ? (Ilear,
hear.) The objection was absurd. With resract to
the qualification for voting, much had been said, and some
hon. Gentlemen thought that limiting the qualification to
101. was an evil, of which those wbo paid 91. had a just right
to complain. So it might be said of those who paid 81, 71,
and 61, or any lesser sum, if the limitation had been made i
IL above their rent, (hear) ; but was it not absolutely neces-
sary to fix sonic limitation ? Some gentlenten thought there
ought to be two bills, in order that they might have the
option which to choose and which to reject; but although plane
had been talked of, he had seen no plan. Oh yes, he begged
pardon ;he had seen one. He had seen a plan for the punish.
ment of delinquent boroughs, and the transfer of the fran.
chiles to other places. Such a plan would be a change, but it
would be useless to say such a plan would satisfy the country.
He denied that anything like delusion had been practised,
and declared that the error in the clause of the bill with re-
spect to quarterly payments of rent, had arisen from igno-
rance merely, and not from any desire to delude (hear, hear).
In conclusion, he believed that rejecting the bill would be
productive of consequences the most disastrous to the peace
and tranquillity of the (wintry ; while, if it were carried,
he was equally sanguine the prosperity and well-being of
the people would be insured (hear, hear).
Colonel SI BTHORPE, in explanation wished to ask
whether, in the observations he had made, it wasintended by
the noble lord opposite (Lord W. Lennox) to cast any refiect
tion or imputation upon him Col. Sibthorpe) ?
Lor W. LENNOX, in reply, ditelaimed all intention of
having imputed any thing to the honourable and gallant
gentleman.
Mr. WRANGHAM said, that he also felt difficulties as
to the vote which he ought to give. He had heard the lion.
and Learned Member for Caine with great attention, and
like him, indulged in melancholy political prophecies. When
he (Mr. Wranglutm) looked at the state of the representa.
tion, he was willing to admit that changes were necessary,
but he was unable to go the length of this Bill in making
those changes. lie thought that the rights of the Crown
ought to be taken into consideration ; for he regarded
those rights as so much political power entrusted to
the King for the benefit of the people. He was not the
advocate of the nomination system, neither would he be-
come the apologist, much less the defender, of that system ;
but still, with all the faults which he admitted it contained,
he yet thought the present measure went to much too great
an extent. The Aristocracy was represented in the House
by the close boroughs, and the aruzan through the means
of the put-walloping freemen. Indeed no class of persons but
had their representatives in that House (hear). Although
he deprecated the disfranchisement of potwalloping freemen,
he was no friend to universal suffrage (a cough, and cries of
order) ; and it was because he thought that this Bill would
ultimately lead to that sad consequence, that he was opposed
to it. lie denied the permanency of the 101. franchise; 50
years ago a 51. house was equal to a 101. house now. Whet
then would become of their permanent franchise in fifty
years hence. Ile contended also that if there was a change
in the currency of the country they could not maintain a
permanent 101. franchise, and where was the improbability
of such a thing taking place, when they considered tne pre-
sent state of the country? The Honourable Gentleman re-
petted that the State of his health presented him from en.
tering further into the consideration of the measure before
the House.
Mr. BULWER commenced addressing the House, Lv re-
plying to the speech of Lord Porches:a, and eentended, in
answer to that Noble Lord, that the improvement of the
French people from the time of the teroration, up to the
period of the Martignac administration, was most remark.
able. His view of the constitution was this, that with a King
they had a House of Peels, who were the hereditary repre-
sentatives of the people, as the Commons were their Ott ttel
representatives. This country rose to wealth anti importance
lin despite of our complex laws, and our religious injustice ;
bet did this arise because 150 gentlemen were returned to that
House by certain close boroughs, formed by old walls or
mounds of earth ? But it was true that while our armies
and navies increased, our national debt had also increased.
(Hear, hear.) It was contended that the bill before the
house was not popular. He would appeal to the new mem.
ben of that house, and to those members who had departed
from the house, if the bill had not received the sanction of
the mnjority of the people. He contended that the efforts
that hurl been made by the opponents of reform to sustain
the church and aristocracy, were highly prejudicial both to
the one at.tl the other, and those were really the true friends
of both who wished to take away those rotten ramparts that
appeared to give support, but in truth operated very differ-
ently. The Hon. Gentlemen adverted to the obstinacy with
which the opposers of the bill objected to all reform, until
it had been forced upon them by the voice of the people,
and concluded ,by giving his support to the bill before the
house.

Lord VALLETORT denied that the feeling of the
people in favour of reform was so general as it was said :43
be by the honourable gentlemen who supported the bill.
It was not because Sir H. Vyvyan, his late colleague for
Cornwall, opposed reform, that he was rejected as the re-
presentative of that county ; for take from the voters who
pulled against his honourable friend ail those who wished
for a demolition of tithes and taxes, and those who voted
in consequence of the unconstitutional manner in which the
King's name had been used, and they would have very
few reform opponents of Sir R. Vyvyan. (Hear, hear.)
He considered that ministers, in bringing forward this
bill, were attempting to destroy the happiness, peace, and
prosperity of the country. (Hear, hear.) He should sup-
port a plan of reform which would check and control the
passing will of the people ; a bill that would operate as a
bond of union between the (louses of Lords and Commons.
He cared not if they took away the rotten boroughs to effect
this: (a laugh.) But it seemed to he the wish of his Ma-
jesty's ministers to pars this bill at all hazards ; and to tome
on a revolution should the House of Lords attemot to do its
duty. The noble Lord, after adverting to the absence of the
noble Secretary for Foreign Atfeirs, to the necessity of hav-
ing some such place as a nomination borough through which
to get into that house' admitted that he was a r. former;
(laughter;) and that as the people were in favour of reform,
the House ought to respond to them. It was the minister.,
when out of power, that, excited the minds of the people on
the subject, by pointing out every black spot on the consti-
tution; the people therefore must have a Retorm. but (kit
Reform ought not to he the one proposed by the present 111.1.
Mr. STRICKLAND adverted to the arguments of hon.
members who said, that if the Reform 11111 passed, the re-
peal of the union between England tad Ireland would fol-
low. lie (Ur. S.) would say, that unless a kind and con.
dilatory course of conduct were to be pursued toaards
Ireland, a repeal of the union would certainly take place.
(Hear, from Mr. O'Connell.) The honourable member for
Soroughbridge had launched out against the new members
of that house, for being pledged, and said that they could
not freely exercise their opinions upon the Reform Nil.
He repudiated the charge that be was pledged. He admitted

that hi; said lr- • :11 farrur 11.-frwm, V. tfir
least of th., lie wished rhe bilD %cat t further
He thought that the great county of York w,ght tr
more than six Members : (hear). He ottiett.q: to rt.(
sion of the counties, bends: be feared that then w.u.l

in consegneree of this division, such things as nntsii
counties : (hear, bear). fie made these re masks tr

that he wag not pledged to the entire of the pmvi.ions
The late Min:stets and their supporters, who ,eenti
Wined rather to die in the di!ch than advance a step
form, now admitted that they were Camotirable tow,
measure In a degree. He should ..upport thevilcipi
the Bill before the House.

Sir C. IVRTHERELL said he would spca't
House as an independent Yorksh;renian. and it toe
pendence of character, after all, that gave value to a
opinion. (Cheers.) He would therefore feel hin:t4.lf
independent a man in that House as the hen
the county of York, although lee (Sir C. Wel! ..e")
presented a small spot of that great county. 'I isee,
member had this advantage over tl e county
he came into that House without any pled,:e. (II .ar.'
wished his right hon. and learned friend (Sir J. M
tosh,) was present, to save him, as it were, from the
made against him as a boroughnionger, for he
Makintosh) was also a borough member in the cow
York. If he were opposed to the Bili of Reform in It
parliament, lie was much more so in this. Ile (4a not
to advert to all the arguments that arose in his mind u
ing this bill ; but lie would take the liberty of call'
atttention of the house to the more prominent features
bill. This bill proposed to destroy 134 mewls. rA
Louse, or rather they were to he decanted off to new
that is, the cork was to fly out (laughter) of the 1:e
roughs, and the essence of the banks was to be poured
new receptacles. He contended, notwithstanding all ti'
been said to the contrary, that this destruction of the
chile in boroughs was a corporation robbery. (Hear,
That the dictive franchise was ptoperty, although
the money sense used by the honourable and
Member for Caloe. (Hear, hear, hear ) The bozo.
to be disfranchised by this bill %riga Leken from tlee

of the bill and Oa* in achedulsa AL. and B.
would read a clause (Tom Magna Charts. to show the
holding of a borough was a proprictarr right, and
be taken away by any coert of law. The bun. and '
member read the clause in question, and elks of hest
from both sides of the house followed. It miql.t. Le
could not Parliament alter the law of hereditary
True, Parliament was all-powerful ; true, it could pa,
to again takeaway the wastes of Woburn Abbey and
tock (loud cries of bear, hear, from the Oppnsitinn, In
be questioned the propriety of its doing so. lie ob.ert
Mr. Fox, when the Shoreham cause was under con.
Hon, opposed the disfranchisement of that borough,
ground that only part of the constituency was Fore.'
quent. That great man extended the same principle to
tinghamesae. The present measure was rash, and t
to every precedent, the effect of which would he
tionary. The franchise was lower than that laid do.
the French jacobinical constitution of 1792. The 1:
holders were deemed a happy medinin b, twcen the via tr
and the aristocracy ; but he denied that thee would cons. i-
tutc the middle classes. Tumult and venality would apply
to the proceeding of the 101. freeholders under the Bill. :is
well as to the present order of enters in the most corrupt
borough. Under the pi ineiple of the Bill. prsons of rank
and respeciability, capable to discuss and deliberate on the
interests of the country, would no: be sent to Parliament.
The elections would be too much under the influence of the
mob: (cheers.) The question is, whether the Mcnarehy,
the Peerage, and the Church, arc to be handed over to the
plebeian constituency which is to be created under this Bill,
or not: (hear, hear.) Great ascendancy would be given to
the occupants of 101. tenements. He would be glad if mime
of the lion. Members would inform hint when the consti.

tution resembled what it would appear under this unenesi-
tutio7al Bill: (cheers.) The Hon. Member for Stdrord
quoted the learned Seldon as an au.hority in favour of he
but be was sure that if Seldon was present, (laughter,)
he would disown the opinion attribtred to hint : (laughter.)
He denied that the proposed change was entitled to be c n-
sid.red as a restoration of the Conoitution. He dad not
consider that the persons who would constitute tl e 191. We.
holders ought to be considered as the middle C14,44eR of the
people, or that the elective franchise ought to be extended w
weekly tenants, which mould prove to be the case. as tort.
pealed from a letter front the Prime Mit.i.ter to the Mr-
mingliam Political Union, which he regretted his Maj soy's
Prime Alinish:r had recognised : (cheers.) Such a b ,dy
would not be recognised in that house. In many I.l.ces
in England the renters of 101. tenements were in a 'rate
of pauperism : (hear, hear.) It was a mockery of the re.
presentation to call such a body a canservalve h.olt : (hear,
her.) The press had charged the ministers with gross ig.
norance in the framing cf the bill, or at an attempt to delude
the people (hear). The opponents of the bill were tat nt-
ingly told that the county members were in favour ot the
bill. He would beg leave to ask, it it had not been circulated
during the elections, the: the quarter!) loaf would be sold for
31d. if the bill passed; such expectations wire heir! oat.
(Cries of Name, name.) He could not name, although two
hundred members cried out rame ; but he considered that
the honourable member for Essex (Mr. Wellesley,) ought
not to cry name, as he heel not appeared on the h ..tangs
(cheers and laughter). Ile would insist upon the accuracy
of his statement (hear), and that tea was po miv d to be
sold at Is. a lb. (laughter.) There wus in the coon y of
Nerthampton, during the election, a flag with the t4l rd.
"Sp over, and no Corn Laws." (Hear, heat). He chltre.
catcd such causes of excitement, and he believed t` 'at a
genenal trade in corn was expected from the passin.: of
this Bill. The subject of tithes usa also alit:ilea to, .nei in
some instances it was intimated that a sponge aught to ho
applied to the national debt : (no, no; fuer, hear.) Ile
called the Bill a revolutionary measure, because the c
stituents created under the Bill only looked upon it as a
shift and stei,ping stone to a new constitution tar.
hear.) The Honcurable and Learned Member teferred
to the French Revolution, when Louis XVI. 1 t Sty em-
ber 1791, accepted of the French Constitution, end tt at
in less than two years he was tried and executed (t .ear.)
and the result was exile La proscription : (hear t) and who
would assn: e him that similar measures would not follow the

proposed Bill, which would create a constituency that would
elect a violent and arbitrary assembly of delegates. (Cheers.)
It was stated in the arguments used by the supporters of the
Bill that if the Stuarts had made concessions to the people,
they would have pre'erved their throne ; a Inchon
which he denied. itc deprecated the idea of throwing away
a Constitution which bad stool for ages, for the theoretical
machinery that the proposed Bill would introduce. (Ques-
tion, question !) The Hon. Member observed, that those
who interrupted him had taken too freely of the bot.le.—
(Laughter.) They bad been decanting the wine as his Ma.
jesty's Ministers intended to decant one borough into
another. (Laughter). The lion. and Learned Member
expressed his conviction that the Reform Bill would prove
injurious to the interests of the empire. (Cheers.)-
Captain SPENCEIt said that he hack no part in the
hand-bill or the placard circulated in the county of North-
ampton.
Another Hon. MEMBER disclaimed any participatior. in
such conduct.
Mr. FOLEY said that no placards were circulated in the
county of Worcester, alluding to the abolition of the c .tn
laws, lie was not aware of such placards being exhibited.
He believed that the general feeling of the county of Vl'o:-
cester was in favour of re:Orra. He should feel great plea-
sure in recording his vote in favour of the bill, as it would
confer great and Ia tiog benefits on the country.
Mr. W. BROUGHAM said that he could not give a
silent vote upon a measure of such vest importance. Ile
was returned by as large a constituency as any Hon. Meta.
! er, and he did not make use of any of those caching and
deceptive arguments alluded to by the Hon. and Learned
Centlervan. If the mime minister at swered the letter of
Mr.Aetataod, it did not follow that he answered the letter of
the Birmingham Political Union. There had bees petitions
pr.sented in this House from the Sheffield Political Union,
and from Manshester, which was substantially the same as
a petition from the Birmingham Political Union. The
Hon and Learned Member then referred to the arguments
against the bill. It was asked, what would the people gain
by the bill? To this he would reply, that the people would
get a good Government, and that the King smile! reign in
the hearts of his subjects, instead of the hearts of the Ito.
roughmongers. The hon. and learned member then referred
to the earlier times of the constitution of Parliament, with
view to show that the ci ale now proposed was enalooti%
to the changes made in former times in . the representative
system. lie denied that there was any disposition for re.
publicanism among the people of this country. If the teal,.
'store passed this bill, they would grant a boon for winch
the people would be grateful.
qtr G:MURRAY rose to explain. Ile was accused by
the lion; gentleman who spoke last of being ighorant el his.
tory. When it was considered that he led an active milttary
life,_ his ignorance of histo-y was excusable. (Cheers.)
There being loud cries for Sir It. Peel,

O INToiraaarD.o
- . 1788.

•
V.
•
rt.nt tit
urther :
to hive
hr d:tri-
toad he
to mi evr
not the
seemed
t in Re-
ads that
clple of
in that
inde-
man''s
If juat as
.t/t T tar
it• It. re •
rortou't
th.it
r.) lie
‘lackit,-
at.ack.
(Sir J.
Rimy of •
the hot
ot mean
tespect-
Ittio: ire •
3 of the
nt
, -
places ;
154 b t.
red into
that hid
ha fen- I •
r, hest.)
;h not in
1-..arne.4 ji
ittrodtzhi
tie h, tit
0. lit-
that the
,Add hot
1 lc rein
!NT. ha.V. •
Le sat',
• rwitt
no.; to
d
Ind 61.97
reed tint •
, on the
el
theNte.
opptriid
rcvolu.
down by
10k tier.
e rul•rar •
1 consti-
lid apply
Bill, as
corrupt
s of rank ij
to en the
rlianient.
ace of the
Icnatchy,
ter to the 11:
this Bill, 1'
given to
td If it:me
he coroti.
anent.
r Staffhftl
nir of he i
laughter,)
laughter.) i'
a be c n.
e ti d not
191. ire. t.
140% of the
tterdcd to
11.4
I the flit.
51aj vy's
hbady t:
y places
111 a .tate
of the re.
dt : (hear, 1
ligw.ri.
to delude

ii •

0

Srr R. PEEL ro-e, oheer bet that there was one advert
Lae in fhe fleet et system which seemed to have been me ?-
looked li:these) ; that i-, that whatever might be the extim.
mem or the feeling of the pirople, the minority had access to
diet house, wheteby all classes of his Majesty's suni:cs
werebeerrepreeented. Ile was oppoeeel to the majority of
the house, and he would state the grounds of his opposition
to tin present treastt•e. This was not the occasion to mix
sq per-areal colehl,ratiene with earliemeatary refen
An hnteturelde tem:thee had last night represented his ("Stet
R. Peel's) side if the totiese as ,tateles to the liberties of
'he penile. Ile (sir Rohm) never held himself forth us
an essence-of the liberties oi the people. An honourable
gentleman had t tunteti him (Sir Robert) with leaving the
ftery in a : disturberece on relinquishing office. and
to og:zed the I:: of tiovermitent ter renotleg tranquillity.
To ihis ite (Sir Haber:) would reply, that more lives had
been lest threerth military inteiference during the six weeks
trier the quest"ott of refotm had agitated the country, than I
during t: e six ;cars that he (Sir Robert) had been in Aim
He would now address himself to the a:euments used in fa-
vour of the bill. It had lien ureed by corn. that the elec-
tive franchise partook so much of the nature of property,
that it was not competent fee the lioase to interfere with it. ;
To this doctrine he would not subscribe, for the House might
recollect that in the Grampourd election ease expressed
it as his opinion, that if it 'should appear that the majority
of the voters lad been guilty of corruption, the borough
should be diefrerchiectl. He considered the franchise a psi.
vilege confetted for the public good, not for private inteteet,
well he maintained Ilea if the franchise was suspended I
without a necessity, the security for private property was
diminished. What was.; the peerage hut a franchise con.
ferred fcr the god of the et:nut:unity ? and if one species of
franchise was verietcd, what was to pmveto the Leeislarute
from ahrogating the pr;eileges of the pewee: mid the prero.
gatives of the Crewe: ? The noise Ion! (Jeltustall) had stated '
that the small boroughs existed in eiceation of the- principles
of the conetitueion, aril that the present measure would '
restore the constitution to its origirel ewe. (Hear.) It it I
was true that the nominee beteneeis existed by usurp's.
tion, be should not wonder at the excitement which existed
throughout the country respectine, them ; but as these be-
roughs had continu,d in their present state for the bat four '
centuries, how could they be considered as a departure from
the constitution of that house ? The right hon. gentleman
then entered into to inquiry into the original constitution
of boroughs. lie maintained that the small boroughs were
not a usurpatiott of the eepreetetative system, bet that they
oere in their present rate in the earnest periods of the
history of this cottatry. It could not be said these boroughs
were more populous in farmer times than they were at pre.
sent. Getton was Lot more populous in the reign of the
Tudr. than is was at present. (Hear, hear, hear.)—
Waso the Noble Lord aware, that Mr. Copley nominated
Members for Gauen in the reign cf Elizabeth, and that on
acre Kezelon, when the patron was a minor, Lord Ilurleigh
tr..sed a member who bad been returned lone the inden-
ores. end substitutiel a Mr. Brown .n his rt.ad? (hear,
hear. and letath er.) The Noble Lord had ro right to ars?"'
himself of the audit-thy of Cromwell, though Cromwell was
a more ceutiatie ref.emet than the Noble Lord. He en.
tr ated Ii et. Members not to trust too much in quotations.
lie heard Burke and Lord Burleigh cited in the came breath
as advoceteB fur Reform: (laughter.) Whether Refenm was
receseary CT not, ilembers had no eight to contend that it
was necessary because the small boroughs were a usurpa-
ticn. The great question was, whether the Douse of
Commune vies ad:Trete to the purposes for which it was
constituted, nett whether it was expetlient at the present
time to risk such an extraordinary change as was now pro-
posed. There was no instance of a House of Coniuums,
similar to tlret which this measure unteld produce, co-
existing well a limited monarchy and a hereditary peer-
age The right hon. gentleman then referred to the
present state of France, to show the evils consequent on an
increase of the democratic power. He could not defend the
nominetien borough syereat ; but he was not sat6tied that be
could eradicate that defect, without doing away the good
which existed. He denied that the House of Commons had
neglected its duty, that it was incompetent for the purposes
of legislation, or that it was behind the advance of the
intelligence of the age. He went on to show what had been
done by the house for die tax payers. The property tax
had been repealed, upon the demand of the people,
wed to bad the beer duties. The fact was, that the House
had been too anxious and too hasty to comply with the
. opinions and wishes of the people, as the evils arising
from the Beer Act would prove. (Hear, hear.) The
Right Hon. Gentleman alluded to the removal of the
disebilities of tie Catholics, and the Repeal of the
Coteoration and Test Acts, as other instances to prove
that Parliament heed kept up with the intelligence of the
age. The present system had governed the people better
Than any other system, and yet, instead of adheriug to
h more strontly, the intention of this Reform was to destroy
i:. (Hear, hear, hear.) It might as well be said that the
whole penal coae ought to be got rid of because it contained
e single defect, or that the laws of property Ahculd no longet
be binding because of the imperfections of fines and reco-
veries. (Cheers.) The last class of voters whom he
should choose to rectify these defects, whether in tile
penal laws or the laws of property, would be the lt I.
householders. If he were to ask one of them what a
fine and a recovery were, I.e should receive for answer,
that the former was a pecuniary penalty, and the latter, a
state of convalescence. Having alluded to Lord Breugham
and other great men having sat for little boroughs, the
Right Hon. Gentleman proceeded to state in detail the sari.
crab matures taken by the House of Contmors to improve
the administration of justice end the laws of the country,
it order to disprove the allegation that it had not kept pace
aeh the times. The bill had been changed so as to change
the character of the constituency, and he knew why one of
these changes had been wade ; call it iaadeerteetcy (hear).
To allow inadvertency ; to suppose it possible that an unau.
thorised alteration could be made in such a bill, only went to
prove that they were not in a condition to go on with the de-
liberation (bear.) The meson of the alteration was to
d bar weekly tenants in manufacturing towns from the
teght of voting. It wee idle to suppose be artifice could
have escaped the attention of well-informed persone.—
It was absurd to administer ptussie acid on them, to give a
prescription to prevent its operation. the right hon. baronet
alluded to the encouragement which the treasure would give
to landlerde to create 101. householders, so as to give thou
electioneering influence. The principle which gave such
incourageetent was bad. These were the grounds upon
which: he oepe,scd the bill. The hon. baronet contended at
greet lengths against the bill.
Sir F. BURDETT eupported the bill.
Lord JOH N RUSSELL replied, and the House divieLd—
For the Amendment 231
For the :Second Beading ... ... 367

t'OREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

Majority ... 130
1 he bill was then read a second time. and otdered to be
committed on Tuesday.—Adjourned at Fire o'Clock.

Wednesday the Hon. W. Lend Wellesley took
his seat on the Bench of Magistrates, after his
qualification, and in the afternoon dined with his
brother Justices of the Peace at the Shire Hall ;
Ida election as magistrate is a circumstance hailed
by all the friends of Justke and of Liberty in the
County. It is said also that 1). W. Harvey, Eq.
M.P. for Colchester, means to qualify, and to
come into residence near Chelmsford, to unite his
st•rviccs on the Magisterial Bench with his friend
the liberal M. P. for Essex.
It is generally believed that Col. Tyrell's return
for the County next time is certain, as the Reform
Que.-lion will then be disposed of, and the Colonel's
staithnents in favor of a graduated Property Tas,
being consonant to the feelings of the liberal
rrty, they vi ill add their strength to that of his
other friends. Others however, consider this as
very doubtful, from his connection with the Church
Inte;est, which is decidedly unpopular. There is
a Chapel of Svredenburglian dissent set up at
B: oarfield.
Dr. Forster has been perusing his inquiries
into the Cholera Morbus, which he regards us
de;,endent, for its exciting cause, in some pecu-
liarity of atmosphere ; while the predisponent
canoe is in the constitution of the individual. A
r,:ataillabl; catalogue of epidemics compared with
other natural I.ht•nomena will be round in his
" Essay on the Origin of Epidemic Diseases,"
in which lie has collected the cases on record for
ne:tr thoa:;and years back.

s!V..

to carry to the Congress the conditions which, if
they are agreed to by it, as we have every reason
B it e ss E es, JULY s.—The following Procla-
to think there will be no more difficulty encoun-
mation has been issued .by the Regent to the
tered on the part of Prince Leopold, nor on that
Belgians : of the conference. It will soon be eight months
" The Sovereign Congress is about to pronounce that the conference of London has been at work;
upon the preliminaries of the Treaty of Peace it has launched into the political world' twenty-
proposed between Belgium and Holland. five Protocols : and notwithstanding, not one
" Whatever may be the decision of this Assein- of the numerous questions which it was
bly, it solely represents the nation, and alone pos- was called to resolve, is completely deter-1
eesses the right to give laws to the country. mined : far from that, its resolutions have done
" From the Sovereign Congress I hold my nothing but complicate the positions of the Cabi-
powers, and I have only received them in order nets, and render imminent and general, a struggle
that the Laws may be executed.—l shall not fail which will put more in contact, the simple pro-
in my duty. I will not violate my Oath. vinces of the ancient kingdom of the Netherlands.
" I am irrevocably determined to fulfil my du- In spite of the affirmative insinuation of the Bio-
tic& m ith honour; and I appeal to the honour of the n •
deur, a slalom tic solution appears to us less pro-
Belgian nation, and to its patriotism ; and trust bablo than 'ever. The Belgian Journals contain
that it will not degrade the glorious name of Bel- absolutely nothing. The Press, the People, the
gium by anarchy and civil war, which would Congress, all are silent; each waits for the 30th
draw on our fine Country the severest disasters. of June. That day will decide, in fact, the future
" I shall, therefore, not hesitate to fulfil the most of the Belgian revolution. If the Congress, finding
sacred of ray duties to maintain order and the in- again the patriotic inspirations which guided it in
Yoliability of persons and property. some of its votes, opens to the people and
" I reckon on the fidelity of the Civic Guard, the Belgian army, the gates of Holland, Belgium
and on the goodwill of all good citizens. will take from that day its rank amongst nations,
"If the Congress should adopt the preliminaries if, on the '
contrary that assembly listens :re ain to
,
of the treaty, I shall regal d it as an absolute duty to the voice of diplomacy, and accepts new adjourn-
remain at that post, which the confidence of the re- meats, she n ill declare by that fact alone to have
presentatives of the nation has confided to me, no hopes of the salvation of the country, and her
untii the arrival of the King in this city, which own suicide. We cannot believe, however, on the
cannot bar only n short period, according to the part of the Congress, such a renouncement of all
promise he has made me. national honour. The review passed on the 27th
(alved) " SUELET DE CHOKIER."
by the Ile ;eta shooed too much enthusiasm
" July 5 •
amongst the troo;:s, and in the first ban of the civic
BEL-1717
APPEAL TO NA --nl.
TIONS! guard, fur that assembly to resist the ardour which
11 R uss r. t. s J u x E 25.—The people were im- the approach of the decisive moment has given
,
patient of the yoke which the Holy Alliance had birth too in all classes of the population. Nations
imposed upon them. For ten months they have do not retrograde— they may be deceived some
broken it: they have proclaimed their indepen- times—impose upon themselves a repose after
dance ; but, friends of order and of peace, they dismissal; but to commit suicide—never!—La Re-
have unhappily lent an ear to propositions of ar- volution.
raugement, so much the more perfidious, as pre- We have never ceased for an instant to believe
t
seated by legitimate Kings, under the hypocritical that the late prepositions of the Conference would
mantle of humanity. They conceal the intention, not be admitted by the Belgian Congress. The
account of the Sitting, which we have received this
I well known now, of destroying by stratagem that
which they dared not attempt by force. day, shuts us that the minority make great pro-
The Conference of London—visible continuation gross. The discussion has already taken such a
. character, as would render it perilous for Prince
of the Holy Alliance—comes then to offer its offi
Leopold to yield to a wish so energetically corn-
and it is known, by the character of the Protocols, cious mediation —solely to stop the effusion of blood ;
batted by a part of the Belgian representatives.
that as mediative, England is the sovereign ar- But could that absurd proposition have any other
biter of revolutions, without even giving them the fate ? It is only the French Ministry who have
right to defend themselves. It wasafter having stop- seen all the doliculties. Prince Leopold, it is
pad national ardour, and renouncing certain success, said, is a Feesible man, and we have reason to ho-
which the continuation of the war offered in No. lieve that he hill finish politely with the Belgians,
b
venrher, that Belgium perceived that she was they replying to the unacceptable propositions with
plaything of th intrigues of Kings and Diploma- others that are not less so.— National.
e
tists ; then, the favourable moment was passed, We may receive this evening late, and by tele-
and that loss of time is irreparable. graph, the vote of the Belgian Congress, which
was to take place this day. The most recent news
Belgium was willing to make many sacrifices to
obtain an honourable peace ; the Conference has arrived by extraordinary dispatch, leaves no doubt
profited--has abused that disposition ! Belgium has of the-result. —Journal de Paris.
made all the concessions that were demanded of her, A journal announced this evening that we had
and which were compatible with her existence probably received by telegraphic dispatch, the news
and her honour; but, the more she ceded, the of the decision of the Belgian Congress. It was
more was drawn back the bait that was an error ; for it is probable, according to the opini-
offered to her. Now, the veil is withdrawn : ens received by the ordinary correspondence, that
the Conference requires from the Belgians full that decision will not be known before Tuesday the
and entire submission to its decisions. Bel- sth.—Moniteur.
gium is condemned to expiate the crime of her The sitting of the Belgian ,Congress again of-
revolution, by delivering up a part of her children ; fered much interest the day before yesterday ; the
and to vegetate, divided and without force, until question is not yet put to the vote, but the oppo-
misery and treason has brought about a Restoration, sition takes more consistence, and in a meeting
which would appear to be granted to her as a boon. held on Saturday evening, their was assured 72
All nations are witnesses. Can we bring into
voices against the propositions arrived from Lon-
our relations with the five powers more patience don. This is nut a majority ; but one or two more
and more forbearance than we have done ? Can sittings, and perhaps it may change places. Good
order continued to reign on the evening of the day
++e show more resignation? We have waited to
receive an ultimatum to which we cannot subscribe, before yesterday at Brussels. The protestation
without abandoning oar own existence, and the has received new signatures ; it will not be advised
national honour which our ancestors bequeathed
unless the previous question upon the propositions
to i:s. is rejected. The discussion was continued yester-
day, Sunday ; we do not believe that any result
Inhabitants of Luxembourg, of Limbourg and
will an ive to-day, though couriers were prepared
Flanders!—«'e will never sufier that your fate shall
become uncertain, and depend on a treaty which to bring immediately the news to Paris, and we
the Conference reserves to itself to turn against know nothing at preseut. —Journal du commerce.
you. You would be basely abandoned to an hype- On Sunday a popular commotion broke out in
critical diplomacy; and in presence of your armed Louvain. The people assembled upon the Grand
brothers—that would be the extreme of cowardice Place, and demanded, with loud cries, the rejection
—we are determined that your fate shall not depend of the 18 articles of the preliminaries of peace.
on the deceitful diplomacy of the English Foreign The following preclamation was posted up, and
Office. It is to arms—it is in the fortunes a deputation set out fur the residence of the Regent,
of war—that we• must look for decision be- by whom they were received this morning. It is
tween William and the Belgian people. To arms I said that, although blaming the unconstitutional
then !—you peep% of Germany, who sigh after a , course taken by the inhabitants of Louvain, the
liberty so often promised and always delayed.—Risel Regent displayed, in presence of the Deputies, as
and take that which your tyrants have not the right l much respect for the national honour as he has
nor the power to refuse.—Be free—but do not l always maintained.
allow yourselves to be confounded in the armed PROCLA NIATIO N.
hordes of barbarians with which despotism threatensl " Inhabitants of L,!tivein,—You assembled this evening
us. In seeing us restored to our chains you rivet ! in the Grand Place-for the purpose of demanding of the Go.
vuerrirooin::nitn.tohre
,rol joE Cot luOrn
jo,td'
ot he
chains on yourselves, which ages may not remove. ; dlacaniedles wildich inflicted a
You victims of tyrants—Proscribed Spaniards,lironeur. iYo}tr have done eP•tevry. ew.ell,anandwlas
approveestroy
yourof
ig ou r
Poi t aguese, Italians, Piedmontese, and others, it plans: and I pledge myself to appear at your head the Eno-
is the grand cause which must be defended : i meut you reclaim, by force of arms, the integrity of the ter-
TolutOt 17h
thin evening
which
ilnghfaovre
u sworn
r0,,,0t50 maintain.i o ot
Come under our banners—join your efforts to goin
tlobe intended
the
e R setting
b
ours. It is necessary to give the final stab to to spare our people the horrors of civil wgar. I' have every
Absolutism. Our triumph assures to each of you a reason to believe that our worthy Regent will do every thing
free county
er our succour on will acquire ; our in his power to prevent the brave: inhabitants of Luxem-
y : yt oo July
11act!tri bein massacred.
arms will sve you better then sterile wishes ; and bo"
ii:ouvain,
ADOLg PHE ROUSSEL
you, Fieuchmen, our neighbours—our brothers— NATIONAL CONGRESS, init. 4.
'a iii you abandon those who, in obtaining their M. de Blargnies made a lung and powerful speech against
liberty, have but followed your example, and the eighteen articles of the tConference, which excited an
responded to your signal? The sympathy which extraordinaiy wensaition in the Congress, and appears in
unites us would then, indeed, be a vain word ! jcoontjuscduontowith
vteiedseitaieeccbeeeds ofrfa.mil Md.: e
arßtrouocfkerperiannood
No ! Belgium reckons upon your co-operation to Leopold several persons who had previpouslyy expressed
support the cause of the people. Threatened by their intention of supporting the articles. M. Blargnies
Absolute Kings, she appeals to an heroic nation concluded in the following words :—e• Convinced by my
, own ideas, and by the words of the Minister of Foreign
which is not the accomplice of its Government. Affairs, that the ultimatum of the Conference is dero.
To Arms, then, Frenchmen ! and for us and for gatory to the Constitution, destructive to the interests of the
yourselves reflect, that if legitimacy invades Brus- country, and offensive to the national honour, I protest
sets, Paris is threatened. Let not France be de- aigdo ainst the eighteen articles of the Conference at London.
ceived. If faction—kept in pay by the Holy 1831, fournot imallitoant
sit
osfhopulodkob,e onrueduarr
bysaid in historyln
Austria, Russia,
Alliance—carries the day—if the Belgian soil end Prussia, vanquished the Colossus of the North, whilst
becomes the camp of the coalesced Kings, placed four millions of Belgians, placed in the most favourable po.
on your northern frontier—the insults and the don- ofprotocols 7 their Representatives delivered up to the
Conference of
history,
London.—l do not; w that
gets are for you, Frenchmen ! Long live tiro it should bet oene °dna in the Belgians, after
Union of the people ! Long live liberty ! having conquered and expelled a King, preferred a King to
(Signed) A. DE EOBAULX, their Revolution; 1 will not have it said that the Belgic
Member of the National Congress. Revolution was a dream ! I protest against deliberating on
--...-- these eighteen articles, convinced that a nation which has
We learn from Brussels, that all is tranquil declared for freedom ought not to allow the Holy Alliance
there, and there is not the least appearance of 1 to impose upon it either impotence or neutrality.'
‘‘' he the loud acclamations which followed this speech
trouble. The Congress is still in Secret Corn- had subsided, M. F. de'Merode made a speech, tending to
mittee, and nothing has transpired. However, a prudent adjustment of the
differences between Belgium and
according to the opinion of some of the most in- , Holland ; but whatever effect his speech might have pro-
fluential members of the assembly, we must expect' duced upon persons who were undecided as to the course
should adopt, was entirely removed by the vio-
to see the propositions brought by the deputation' rerhilcleY
address
of M. C. Brouckere against the condition of the
accepted by a majority of at least 120 voices. I conference. It is impossible for us now to give even a faint
The protestation of M. de Robaulx has produced ontline of the speech, but it is proper to state, that when he
no effect whatever."—Journal de Paris. , had concluded, the Hall of Congress; rang with applause, and
The M this morning, that t
oniteurannounces, ing, he ' many persons cried out—" To arms, to arms."
DI. Lebeau and other Members delivered their opinions;
Belgian deputation has at last left London, charged but nothing further of a striking character occurred. On

the following day the discussion was continued without the ; us that independence, so unworthily ravished elm
marks of excitement and irritation which had distinguished .our nation, which would live free under the sheik]
the preceding debate i but many members spoke very deci-
of .
1 its own institutions, or die upon the soil of its
: ancestors ! Our public expenses augment, an,;
mourchiheascotnheeyitidoeinsiredef
ddliee
tcroann:
the treasury has need of new and powerful as:,i,t.
fdq
uee4
ilieet against
y,
ofari d
Belgium, dthecel a r acceptanceM
the national honour. they preferred war to a compromise of i
ands ; but, in order to render more supportable 01..
M. Van Meenen said, it was utterly impossible for the i
wei .
M
'ght of the taxes which will burthen us, and o:
Belgians to receive a King upon such conditions.
The sitting was then adjourned to the following day. bequeathing the care of paying, at least, a part t.) i
BRUSSELS. . our descendants,who will enjoy in peace the liber-
NATION AL CONG RESS.
ties which we this day purchase with our blond.
the national government authorised by the decree
M. Lebeau eeplained his conduct during his
of the Diet of the 29th January, 1831, will ere
ministry, aed especially in the negotiations. lie
a loan of 60 millions of florins, under this title.
desires the maintenance of the constitution and the —Succo t.: n TO THE PULES; and on condition
integrity of the territory to which he has sworn ;
which will be published separately : that loan ive,
but the constitution allows changes, which may be
be a mortgage upon all the public fortune; anti
made the subject of negotiations, by accepting the
particularly upon all the national lands over ti:.
preliminaries. whole extent of the kingdom of Poland ; the cone
M. Dcicuzc spoke in favour of the acceptance of
mission for redeeming tho public debt, select
the preliminaries. His whole speech was inter-
from the two Chambers, will remain charged t. •
rupted by hooting and cries, so that it was irupos- s
watch the interests of the creditors.
sible to hear him. This loan will present the most solid gunran.
M. Van de Weyer—The Assembly cannot tole-
tees ; it will assure to the lenders a fixed rent, and
rate such scandalous conduct. I differ in opinion
offer them the perspective of great advantages, in
from the Speaker,—but he ought to be at liberty
willer e into attached
by th teo
B i ta.
Bank
of
consequence of the interest which will be granted
to support his opinion with the greatest hide•
Ind
Titilerecoprrreems
correspondence %len.hciechent
be
pendance. I adjure the President to cause the
freedom of cur deliberation to be respected.
Poland, as it has enjoined the opening. subscrie.
M. Fergeur casts a significant look at M. Ito-
tions in the great cities of Europe, leads us to hcqe
baulx, and joins in the request of M. Van. de
that the richest and most accredited commercial
Weyer. houses will not long delay to contribute to our re.
The President addressed the galleries, and read
lief—either by reason of the confidence which the
the regulations (standing orders).
will grant to the inviolable promises of the Full:a
M. Jottrand made a speech against the prelimi-
Government, or by reason of that sympathy wills:.
naries, which was highly applauded.
attaches all well-thinking men to our holy cat.zt,
M. Devaux.—l vote in favour of the prelinti-
which certainly is that of universal liberty are
naries. If lam interrupted by the galleries 1
civilization.
shall leave off speaking, and not speak again ex-
The National government accepts with hcart:.2i
cept in a secret committee. The preliminaries are
gratitude the noble determination, manifesteS by
only bases proposed for the purpose of concluding •
the inhabitants of a foreign soil to come to th,
a definitive treaty. succour of our country, and it will profit from the:
These bases seem to me advantageous to the
offers ; but it is upon your patriotism, fellow ccun-
Country. The Dutch debt is not to be a burden
trymen, that it founds the greatest hopes, so much
to us, we shall pay only the debts we have con-
the more as the governments of which we arc
tracted since our union with Holland. The tern-
neighbours, endeavour to extinguish, by all kinds
tonal arrangements he thought might be made in
of means, that sympathy whic unites es at t‘si
a satisfactory manner. Luxemburg will remain in
moment to all the nations of the civilized world.
statu quo, and the Prince we have chosen will
Which of you, worthy children of the Ja-
negociate concerning it. We shall have Liemberg
g,ellons,—would not with joy see his name -in
in exchange for those detached portions of territory
which Holland wants. Venice) has never made sari bed in the actives of the Senate, and
transmitted to the gratitude of generatin,,,
part of Belgium, and while people lament the fate
to come ? Which of you would not delight t,
of the citizens of Venloo if restored to Holland,
they wholly forget the certain ruin of the unhappy
think that his children should one day say, w
that patriotic pride which becomes so well. Poliith
city of Antwerp if war should recommence. Sa-
sh
orifices are talked of, but it world be well to in-
hearts : `• The income which we enjoy this day way
quire if any are asked of us.
established in those times, for ever meinurable
when the whole of Poland fought for her mg:me-
lt la terrain that Dutch Flanders; does not be-
r
long to us ; and can we require the Conference to ration, and the capitals which founded these rent
give us what belongs to the Kin of Holland ? served to support and augment the national force,
We must be just to him as well as to every body
in the sacred struggle engaged in to recover us:
istenc.
else. M. Beyts is mistaken in saying that the ex
left bank of the Scheldt was ceded to us in 1795 ; Let ues offer to the country that which we car,
I say it was ceded to France, and when lend the greater part of our capitals ; the indepen-
France recovered its rights in 1814, the deuce of Poland will be our recompence. An.'.if
left bank of the Scheidt certainly returned to Hol- even some narrow ideas of interests should ally
land.' Suppose that England and Scotland desired themselves, in spite of us, to these ideas, so grand
to separate, undoubtedly the line of demarcation and so elevated, let us repulse them by thinking
between them would be that which existed before that these rents, strictly paid, will not dimi-
their union. This is precisely what is now pro-
nish our well-being. Let us make all efforts.
posed to you. But Belgium remains over and
in order that all the obligations created for
above all the territories which did not the payment of our holy debt shall be-
belongcome the exclusive property of our fellow-
to Holland, but to other powers
citizens ; and let us not permit, if we car.
before the union of the two countries. What
I heard in London, proves to me that we ought to help it, that foreigners in coming to the succour of
embrace the present opportunity. yes, ideas of our Treasury, should diminish the glory that we
partition have been entertained in some very pow-
should acquire ; if alone, and without exterior con-
erful quarters. Hainaut, Brabant, and Namur, currence, we should arrive, at the price of os;
would be allotted to France ; Maestricht, Liege, blood and of our estates, to save the civilization and
the liberty of that Eurnpe, which trembled b.:fore
and Luxemburg, to Prussia; Ghent and Antwerp
the force of a Monarch whom wehave fought.
to Holland. Warsaw, June 14,1831.
The hour being late, the President closed the (Signed) P. A. CZ Elt TOME T.
Sitting. The Councillor of State, Sec. Lien. of the Gonernment.
SITTING OF JULY 4.—M. de Robiano, M. (Signed) A. I'LICHTA.
Alex. Rodenbach, M. Juen, and M. Fallen, spoke
against the preliminaries. Messrs. Nothomb, De
Gerlache, Count D'Aerschot, and several other
members, spoke in favour of the preliminaries,
as on the whole favourable, and as the only
means of preventing, either the partition of
Belgium, its union with France, or the resto-
ration of the Orange family.
M. V. Meenen made a very long speech against:
the assembly broke up at half-past four, and ad-
journed till to-morrow the sth.
P. S. From the Journal de la Belgique.—To-
day, Tuesday, July 5, M. Lebeau delivered a
very remarkable speech, which engaged the atten-
tion of the Congress from 12 o'clock till 2, and
made a very deep impression on the assembly.—
The debate then proceeded.
Yesterday (the 4th) there were numerous assem-
blages at Louvain, crying out for " War,"
" Death to the traitors," " The Regent for
ever," &c.
M. Adolphus Roussel addressed the mob : he
hoped the Congress would again reject their dis-
honourable proposals, said he was going to Brus-
sels, to exhort the Regent and the Congress to
reject them, and turn out the Ministers; " and,"
added he, " if, contrary to my expectations, their
ignominious terms should be accepted by our repre-
sentatives, I have taken an oath to put myself at your
head to make the constitution which we have
sworn to respected, and to oppose by force the
massacre of our brethren of Luxemburg, Limburg,
and the left bank of the Scheldt.
This energetic and significant address appeased
the multitude, which.; dispersed quietly.—Brussels
Papers, July 6.
Tho Flanders mail brings no latter news from
Poland.
Pontiac'', JUNE 30.—Travellers coming from
Germany confirm the news, that artillery and am-
munition from Creutznach are expected at Cob-
lentz. At Sarrelouis there is a general report of
the march of two corps of the Prussian army,
which are going from the banks of the Rhine
and from Aix-la-Chapelle towards the frontiers of
Belgium. It is also said that a division of cavalry
is on its march from Posen to Treves.
POLAND.
WARSAW, Jura 21. •
PROCLAMATION OF THE NATIONAL
GOVERNMENT.
Fellow-countrymen I—The struggle in which we
are engaged, and which we support with so much
glory, for the maintenance of our rights, has not
arrived at its termination. The country demands
of us still more of a sacrifice, before our hopes are
realised, and we shall obtain the recompense of
our political faith—of that faith through which we
are persuaded GOD will put an end to years of
suffering and persecution; and he will restore to

sin'
Be

ENGLAND AND POLAND.—The silence of IL
speech from the Crown of England upon Poland--
the absolute absence of all discussion in Parliament
upon a revolution and a war so important —ha‘.,
given rise to conjectures of all kinds. It is said
saloons well informed, that the Cabinet and tl::
English opposition have agreed not to distill!), by
public disNission, the important negociations en-
tered into, not only with the legitimate govern-
ment of Russia, but with free Poland. They
consider the independence as a fact accomplished:
an English agent will be immediately accredited at
Warsaw. As is always the case in England, that act
will be accompanied by a loan contracted at Lon-
don ; there the English Government finds itself
interested for British subjects in the independance
and constitution of the new state. It will then be
with Poland as with the Republics of • North
America ; Great Britain will oppose itself to the
re-establishment of the ancient system, because it
would be prejudicial to its interests. The way in
which that touches Poland appears to us the only
good—the only dignity of a great people; for nego-
tiations with Russia cannot be carried but upon
the text of the Congress of Vienna, and in truth it
would be pitiable to confine thus the noble future
of Poland. It is then necessary, that the pure and
simple recognizance of Poland should be legitimate
and just. Otherwise a thousand questions will be
raised—their solution is complex—difficult—the
first of all is the fixing of the frontiers ; what epoch
will be taken to determine them ? What basis will
be taken ? Is it the Grand Dachy of Warsaw ?--
That would be a true derision when all Poland e
raised. There is, then, but one character possible
, and suitable for France to take ; it is to follow
the example of England, if she gives se
much ; to recognise, first, Polish indepen-
dence—proclaim the life of the government (!,
facto—admit it into the Grand Family.--
Hence will result for the various cabinets dip'''•
rustic consequences. Poland once admitted as 3
nation, Governments will take the following
measures t—lst. Furnish succours, either by loans
of money, or by sending arms. 2d. Subscribe to
some treaty of alliance offensive and defensive with
Poland. 3d. Propose themselves as arbiters and
intermediators —no more between revolted Poland
and the legitimate Government of Russia--
but between the Polish nation and the Russian
nation at war with her. Then there may be a pre-
bable solution. Until then, all negociation is use-
less, and will turn against its object. The EngliA, ,
journals announce that the French fleet sail 6 •
from Toulon, will arrive at Spithead, to unite
the fleet of Admiral Codrington ; and that the two
fleets combined will then go to the Baltic. If till'
news be confirmed, intervention is no longer doubt.
ful ; since it will be well understood, and not re'

Cl
P
ti

setuble that which has so heavily weighed upon
Belgium.—Courrier Francais.
RUSSIA AND POLAND.
The grand Russian army has renounced its com-
munications with Russia, which are entirely cut off
from all parts ; it supports itself solely upon the
Prussian territory. The theatre of war will be
transported upon the left bank of' the Vistula. A
,-teat number of Russian officers are at Thorn, to
lirect the provisioning which is made for the
Russian ermy. They are constructing a bridge to
i'acilitate the communications.— Correspondant dc
Hambourg.
A Pole, in a letter to the Correyondant Impar-
;ll dillani6ourgi. complains of th* partiality which
...he Prussian government shows for the Russians.
He afkirms, " that their line of communication with
Rus4a being cut off, they draw from Prussia all
:rinds of provision, and that they construct in the
Prussian cities upon the Vistula barks, which will
acre the Russian army for the passage of that
river." " Notwithstanding," he adds, " the least
mark of interest in our favour, a sim;de conveyance
of money into Poland, is regarded in Prussia as a
state crime. Without this true violation of the
neutrality, the Russians could not carry on the
war, but would be soon lest."
'.,The conduct of Prussia and Austria towards
Peland is one of the principle motives which has,
the present, prevented the brave Poles
Clan achieving their deliverance. If Prussia
!Ltd not retained the funds of the Polish Bank,
the public treasury of Warsaw would perhaps
not be in distress ; if Austria had not made
her.self gaoler to the Russians, Dwernicki
would perhaps be in Podolia; if Prussia
had not provisioned tho Russian army by
the Vistula, she would perhaps have less
of the cholera and more reputation for neutrality.
Prussia and Austria stop all that which can servo
the Poles, even good news, whilst their paid jour-
nals always hasten to spread news cf diltress and
of defeats of the Poles, knowing them to be false.
A traveller of some political importance, who
has arrived from St: Petcrsburgh, has given us a
curious picture of the state of feeling in the Rus-
sian Empire. At St. Petcrsburgh, a city peopled
with foreigners, and with fortunes emanating from
the Emperor Nicholas, there reigns great fermen-
tation. In spite of the slavery of the Pies., in
spite of the surreillence of an active and inquisitorial
police, they speak loudly against the Emperor
and his government. Pamphlets circulate clandes-
tinely in the society of the nobles, and amongst the
citizens, a means of attack yet unknown. The
little success of the Polish war, the immense and
successive sacrifices which it has imposed upon the
nobility, the horrible consumption of men, caused
within three years, by the campaigns of Tur-
key, and the expedition against Poland, has
given birth to the most violent irritation ; for
despotism when it is not victorious, when it has not
glory and success, is the weakest of governments.
Every thing leads to the belief, that crc long, there
will be a crisis in tho Russian autocracy ; with
some further successes of the Poles, and the Em-
peror will perhaps tremble under his triple crown.
It is particularly in the interior of Russia, tra-
versed by this traveller, that discontent bursts
out with violence. In spite of the extensive
system of espionage, there exists secret societies.
The German Journals begin to raise the veil
upon this state of opinion in Russia. The Cor-
respondant d'Hanaliourg speaks of troubles which
have burst out not only at Kiow, but in several
other Russian Governments ; they even give us to
understand that the communications aro cut off
between Moscow and St. Petcrsburgh.—Courrier
Francais.
