--

PP— .
kb I bear constantly in mind the7most distant
I,;thßh
rts of my
lempAiriei
p•
ajac
the .„. „,
" lebialteur isos. (Signed) 24Al'ottON."
A Consatum, of the 19th of February, pub-
oed by order. of Govenunent; contains the follotiving
ppositions
AR I. Such foreigners as shall render, or hi'Ve
T.d
eminent services to the State, or who are ea.',
Towed with particular talents, shall settle in France,
Ind introduce there any useful invention or branch
industry, shall, after a twelve months retidence,
goy all the rights of French Citizens.
II This privilege shall be conferred to them by
or special decree, by virtue of the report of a Mi-
iser, after the Cotmcil of State shallhave been heart' C
nt, A copy of the said decree shall be delivered to
the fottigneiS so naturalized, signed by the Grand
islage, Minister of Justice.
V. With this copy he shall present himself before
the Municipality of the place where he means to re-
slt, and take the oaths of obedience to the Constitu-
onfthr empire, and of allegiance to the Emperor.
ANCONA% 1,118. 2.
AncurtiMg to the last accounts from Otrfu, there
wived tiff that island an English squadron, con-
arias of %6 large and small ships. It is probable
list dos squadron was intended to make an attack
nu that island ; but the English, finding it was wig
, sailed away, only leaving a few ships to
alike observations.
The outer of the ship from whom we received
imootelligence, brought at the same time private
totem from the lonian Isles, from which we learn
shut this inhabitants of the small island of Hydria,
boing•continued to sail under the Turkish lag, she
English have taken not less than fifty of their mai.
&st vessels, and carried them to Malta.
It is not true that the English have taken ossSs.
s:on of therm or Andros islands, in the Archipelago.
SVe have no news directly from the other islands: we''
only know, that terror and desolation reign there ;'
and that the inhabitants, abandoned to their feeble
:leans of defence, have not dared to refuse provisions
to the English squadrons. The whole Archipelago
suffers great scarcity of all necessaries, and fears a
bmine.
The island of Tenedos,successively occupied by the
larks, Russians, and English, is absolutely exhaust-
ed,
and has been deserted by the greater part of the
*Abuts. Several Barons and Communes (Uni-
"asks) of Sicily have repeated their demands, that
a Parliament of that Island should be extraordinarily
coevoked, to deliberate on the critical situation of
the State.
The Algerines, though the Allies of England, have
raptured two Sicilian Tartans going to Lisbon (be-
fore the entrance of the French into that city), and
notwithstanding the remonstrances of the English
Cresol, have obstinately refused to deliver them up.
It isnot even known whether the English Consul will
be able to save the crews from slavery.
DORSTE4, FEB. 25.
Yesterday, the formal taking possession of the town
of Wesd and its territory, in the name of his Majesty
the Emperor of the French, took place. In the even-
ing, the whole town was illuminated on the occasion.
The taking formal possession of Munster, which
was to have taken place on the Ist of March, is de-

'erred till further orders.
ST. PETERSBURGH, LAX. XL
General Count Buxhowden lately arrived in this
capital, is about to take the corm:nand of the army
assembling in Finland. General Wasmatinow, our,
)(mister of War, has given in his resignation, and is
replaced by General Araks, late Inspector General
tf Artillery.

An American ship, lately arrived st Barcelona from
Majorca, brings intelligence that the Prince Regent of
Portugal, arrived in the port of Bahia about the be-
ginning of the month of January.

Yesterday, a few minutes after twelve o'clock, his
MAnory arrived at the Queen's Palace, ftom Wind-
Ef. where the Dukes of Yozz, Karr, and CArimunoes
were in waiting to receive his MAJzzry. Soon after
twelve o'clock his MAJZSTY held a private levee.
The following had the honour of being presented
*his Mmurry, upon their appointments, &c.
The lion lows and GZOILGE ASIIIUSSILAJII, by dreb• father
Viseoset ST. AIA
M. JANIS SATRURIIT,UPSIR his return from Sweden.
Basta WILLIAM HRNRT BUCKLEY, upon his being appointed
Tye of Honour to the KING, in the room of Master STA
rt-
P.M promoted to an Ensigniry in the Guards.
841004411en1 PAOIT, by Lard Panty, upon his being ap-
rioted to the command of the 80th Regiment.
Major-General Lord Fosses, upon his being appointed the sc-
reed is command of the Forces in the Mediterranean.
Captain Boit za, of the Royal Navy, upon his return from the
Mediterranean.
Major-General Sir Joust STUART upon his bring appointed
Commander of the Forces in the Mediterranean.
His MAJESTY held a. Privy Council, at which the
Earl of Mover EDGECOMII2 was introduced, and
sworn in a Member, and took Isis seat at the Right
Honourable Board accordingly.
His MAJFsry held a Council for receiving the Re-
corder of London's rep rt of the convicts capitally
convicted in January Sessions, viz.
G. Rudd. alias Rude, and T. Donovan, for sheep stealing.
Martha Davis, and Isaac Castle, for highway robberies.
J. Coates, and R. Badger, for burglary.
G. Russell, for stealing goods in a dwelling-house.
Eliza Crosby, G. Humphries, C. Brown, J. Mathews, Ma-
he& Minster,and J. Webb, for like Waxes ; and
When
Carroll, alias Mitehall, for uttering counterfeit money ;
they were all respited_during his MAJzzrz's
pleasure.
Soon after six o'clock his set Off on his
return to Windsor.

. . •
The .-‘,
tunas, Bwedish ship, 'arrived at Cirri
men &t leo Friday 1.1(-;itt Gottenbnrgh, sailed ,a_
three weehs ago, and left tke meet for Britain the.4,-
wind-bound. She brims rio,i ws, only a 4p4A that
the Danish ship of the line which4ms under the Sea*,
had TIM for Norway, on which the 'Sam light was
immediately extinguished, having beentighted for the
guidance of the Danish ships.
The Lydia, Captain Wittrrix, arrived at Live if:
pool from St. Kitt's, spoke the Mary, —, of New-
bury Port, from Guadaloupe, who reported that a
brig, laden with coals, iron, &c. was carried into
Guadaloape on the 12th January, and. that three
privateers, viz. the Madame Erneuf and General
Erneuf brigs, with the Victor cutter (late his Majes-
ty's cutter Barbara). were fitting mit to cruize. A
general exchange of prisoners had taken place at
Guadaloupe, by which twenty-seven masters of ves-
sels had been released, three of whom came passen-
gers In the Lydia; and report that 27 privateers were
at sea, and fitting out from Guadaloupe on the 28th
December, on which day they left that island. Capt.
Wntrrut reports that two line of battle ships and two
frigates had arrived at Martinique, with troops, from
France, and that Admiral Commies had sailed from
Antigua to blockade them.
PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 9.
Sailed his Majesty's ship Boadicea, on a etnize off
Havre.—WineNt E. .
DEAL, MARCH 9.
Sailed his Majesty's ships Skylark and Furious, on
a cruize.—Wind N. E.
The Speculator Luisnmitx, from Demarara, for
London, is arrived in Bantry Bay.
[.
The Pechess of Cumberland, —, is condemned
[ at St. Domingo.
The Merry Andrew, BRIDETT, from St. Michael's,
is put into Crookhaven, leaky; and has thrown one-
third of her cargo overboard.
The Charming Kitty, Capt. Kixe, from London,
for the South Seas, was all well in Delagoe Bay, on
the stlrof September last.
The Surinam, HYNDMAN, and the ships under
convoy of the Julia, for Surinam, sailed from Deme-
rora on the 21st of December, under the protection
' of the Ulysses, and a sloop; and, after beating eight
' days, were obliged to bear up and put into Grenada.
The Matchless privateer, which lately captured the
Spanish packet Antelope, of and from St. Sebastians,
bound to Buenos Ayres, does not belong to Guernsey
but to Mevagissy in the port of Fowey.
Yesterday arrived at Gravesend, the Malvina
French privateer, captured in the Bay of Biscay, by
[ the Guerriere frigate, commanded by Captain SKEENE,
on her passage to Jamaica.
A vessel arrived at Dover en Sunday from the
Continent, the Master of which reports that the vari-
ous crews of the English smuggling boats, which were
in the neighbourhood of Antwerp, have been sent to
that city, m order to assist in fitting out the ships of
war at that place ; and that their baits have been
seized, and sent to Middleburgh.
Yesterdiy a Court of Directors • was held at the'
East-India House, when Capt. GEORGE Hoopan, of
the ship Sir William Bensley, took leave previous to
departing for Madras and Bengal. The Court ad-
journed at six o'clock till to-morrow.

wo

`,

Yesterday Mr. HAsx, from the Bank, read at
Stock Exchange a letter from the CHANCELLOR of
the EXCHEQUER, respecting the funding of the four
millions of Exchequer Bills. In this letter he an-
nounced some variation from the proposals made the
day before. In regard to the notable reduction, if the
sum written in should exceed four millions, it was
apprehended that difficulties might occur as to the
fractional parts of the Bills; and it was therefore
proposed, that Books should be opened this morning
at the Exchequer Office, where the Holders might
write in their Bills, including all these dated up to
Vie end of the year 1807, specifying their numbers,
and dates, and that, as soon as the sum of four mil-1
lions should be compleat, the Books should be shut,
and the Subscribers should respectively have the
whole Sum inscribed.
As to terms, he proposed an option. If they chose
to take all 5 per cents. he proposed to give, for 1001.
Exchequer Bill, 1051. in the 5 per cents.
Or, if they preferred to take part fours and part
fives, he proposed to offer for every 1001. Exchequer,
631. Ss. of 5 per cents.
501. Os. of 4 ditto,
which, in both cases, would be a knnu of from lira'
2 per cent.
'This is considerably under the offer made to Mr:
PERCEVAL, by the Gentlemen who attended him on
Tuesday ; but he has, no doubt, confidence that the
terms will be accepted. The first impression of the
offer on the market was, of course, to lower the Funds,
because it will bring four millions of heavy stuff into
the Alley. The holders of Exchequer Bills will not
hold stock. They will sell it forthwith, to buy more
Exchequer Bills, which is more convenient to the
monied men in the way of speculation, and pays them
a higher rate of interest. They however recovered a
little before the close.
It is a question, whether persons living at a distance !
will by this arrangement be in time to subscribe.
The Sacred Oratorio of the Mereiah was performed
last night at Covent-Garden Theatre, and the several
Performers executed this divine and simple music in
the most captivating style. Mr. BRAHAM displayed
his unrivalled powers in " Every Valley shall be ex-
alted" to the greatest advantage. Mr. BELLAMY'S
fine deep tones gave the happiest effect to " Who
shall abide his comingr Mrs. BLAND :weedy war-
bled " He shall feed his Flock like a Shepherd."
Madame Dusan was much applauded in " Come
unto me, all ye that labour." Mrs. DICEONS was
powerful and grand in " Rejoice greatly, 0 Daugh-
ter of Zion 1" The fine Chorus of " For unto us a
Child is born," was lou&y encored ; also the grand
Chorus of " Hallelujah." The whole received un-
bounded applause.
A Captain of the Guards, on his. vsy. to town from
Rochester, on Thursday last, after displaying many
eccentricities, suddenly disappeared from his servant
on the road, and has not since been heard of.

--erineral OAK* AILMY.
..monommomol..4
it *bet) .ter. fOr Maki". to
totieeeted Sir Cnslm9itssan in die ,command. A
'fitter 'man for this important station couldnot be found
in the British army. General Oaten is one of the
;first of.our liood officers, and is extremely popular,
.both with the officers and men. He was one of the.
it-Immortal and distinguished heroes, who, underthe erste,
'to be lamented ABERCROMBY, commanded a brigade
;in Egypt. 5n his return to this country, from his
known charisCter of integrity and independence, he
'lnt 'appointed President of the Commissioners of
'Military Inquiry, bat he won afterwards requested to
relinquish this simatiosn and obtained from his Sove-
reign permission to go on active service, and was im-
mediately appointed Quarter-Master-General to the
ri
Army in the Mediterranean, from whence he returned
livith Sir JOHN Moons.
Among the troops to be immediately employed in
Sweden, and added to the corps, of which a detail
has already been given in the STAR, are—
The whole of the King's German Legion—Artillery, Cavalry,
and Infantry.
6000 of that matchless body of mew, the Foot Guards.
Several Regiments of Cavalry—Heavy and Light.
' Lord CATHCART will, it is said, have the chief
command ; and having under him these distinguished
leaders, Sir JOHN MOORS, Sir DAVID BAIRD, Sir AR-
THUR WELLESLEY, Brigadier-Generals DTOTT, and
COTTON, there can be little doubt of the glorious
result.
The next India fleet, by which a great many troops
will go to the Cape and India, will sail in about a
month or five weeks.
With extreme pleasure we announce, that Lieute-
Sant-Colonel Sir JOHN WARDLAW, 64th Regiment,
who was supposed to have died of his wounds in de-
fending a transport, after being carried into Guada.
loupe, by skilful treatment, has been recovered to the
army, and now commands at St. Ann's, Barbadoes.
Brigadier Lord BLAYNEY commands the encamp-
ment at the Cape, which consists of
The 21st Light Dragoons-24th Foet-72d Highlanders—the
824-137th-89th, Regiments all in high order.
Major-General Lord WILLIAM BENTINCK, iS ap-
,•pointed to the Staff in Kent, in the room of Major-
'General Lord Potters, who is appointed to the Staff
in Sicily.
Several salutary changes are about to be effected
in the higher ranks of the army Medical department ;
but as we have promised our readers in a short time,
to lay before them the substance of the Report of the
Military Commissionerson the Medical department,
we shall postpone offering our own surmises on this
subject, until the'whole of the documents are before
the public.
There will be soon a general movement of the
troops in the Southern and Western districts, some of
the barracks being greatly crowded with men, many
of whom are unhealthy from that cause. The 6th,
35th, and 50th, all 2d battalions, and the Ist batta-
lion of the 88th, are crowded into the barracks at
Ashford, where the troops have suffered much.
The Ist battalion of the 88th will not be fit for fo-
reign service until they are first recruited from the 2d
battalion, which is strong and in high order at Wa-
terford. This will take. place in a few months.
By the exertions of Colonel BINOHAM, who has bad
recruiting parties all over the lehgdom, the 2d battle
lion of that old distinguished corps, the 3d Regiment,
or Old Buffs,itow quartered at Kingsbridge, is com-
plete, and fit for service.
Monday and Tuesday last, the West Essex Militia,
marched, in two divisions, through Lewes, from Gos-
port for Silverhill Barracks. And on Wednesday' he'
Nottingham Militia, from the same neighbourhood,
marched into Lewes Barracks.
We hear most melancholy accounts from various'
quarters in England, of a great mortality in many',
regiments, produced by a very malignant fever, ac-1
companied with an inflammatory affection of
lungs, which has been very prevalent in the counties
of Sussex and Hampshire. This destructive disease
has also appeared in Kent, and still rages with great
violence in several of the garrisons there, particularly
at Maidstone, Hythe, Ashford, &c. We understand
that the disease is very rapid, and that its course is
attended with great debility, resisting every attempt
to check its progress.
The North-Yorkshire Militia marched in the ccoaai
of last week from Eastbourne to Pleyden ; the Een-
frewshire from Pleyden to Pevensey ; the Royal 13uclt-
inghamshire, or King's Own Regiment of Militia,
'\marched on Monday and Tuesday last, from Horsham
ID Eastbourne Barracks ; the Royal Berkshire, from
Bletchington to Hailsham ; the Northumberland,
from Lewes to Bletchington. The soldiery, particu,
laxly the Militia recruits, have been very unhealthy
since they joined their respective regiments at several
of the barracks in Sussex. At Horsham, where three
regiments were stationed, a great number have died;
but as wine of the regiments have been removed, and
the recruits are generallynow what is called seasoned,
we are in hopes of hearing very shartlyetiankkheing
re-established among them.
The Kirkcudbright regiment of Militia marched
from Leith on the 15th of February, to occupy the
barracks at Seaton House, and Port Seaton. This
regiment has been quartered upwards of four years
in Leith, and, during the whole of that period, has
conducted itself in such a manner as tA gain the re-
spect and esteem of every inhabitant. We under-
stand it is the only regiment in Scotland, which has
completed its quota of Volunteers to the Line.

Tr_

g cliteurit

g cause was tried before Mr.
. Justice
Hearn', at Hertford Aisizes on Friday, Maticli 4;
rims. VANDIAPANT O. THOMAS liILVIERE AND JOHN
NIONITOAD.
This action .was for an assault and false imprison-
ment.
.The Plaintiff (as appeared in evidence) is a •
Captain on half-pay, residing at Ware, in the comity
of Hertford.
The Defendants are officers, one a Captain and the
other a Lieutenant in the Hitch; Regiment of Vo-
lunteer Infantry, and were on duty three nights dur-
ing the dreadful fire: at Stevenage in July last, pro-
tecting the property of the inhabitants. The plaintiff
was a stranger there, and about twelve o'clock at
night intruded himself into a bedroom at the White
Lion, without the knowledge of either the landlord
or his wife. The landlord was consequently alarmed,
and intreated the defendants to assist him in remov-
ing the plaintiff. The landlord, followed by the
defendants, went into the room, and repeatedly with
great civility requested the plaintiff to leave it, which
he refused and resisted • they were therefore under
the necessity of taking him out by force, and as he
continued to make a disturbance, when in the street,
they, in order to preserve the peace, conveyed him
attended by a constable to the watch-house or cage,
where he was confined for the night, and taken be-
fore a Magistrate early the nest morning, by whom
he was reprimanded and. discharged. For that assault
and imprisonment this action was brought, and the
Judge in summing up the evidence stated to the
Jury, that the defendants were justified in turning
the plaintiff out of the house, though the law did not
warrant them in committing him to the cage ; and
that having so far acted illegally, however proper
their intentions, they must be responsible for the con-
sequence.—The Jury gave a Verdict for the plaintiff
—damages £4(X • /

CHELMSFORD, ESSEX, MARCH 8.
CROWN Sun.—Jame: Wye, a respectable looking
man, was indicted for horse-stealing, in taking, on
the 17th day of July last, two horses from the Yields
of a Mr. Hadsell, when they were depasturing.
Mr. GARROW, for the prosecution, stated, that the
prisoner had himself formerly been possessed of the
horses in question and that the property in them
passed by virtue of! an assignment under a commis-
sion of bankruptcy, awarded against the prisoner,
and therefore in one count of the indictment, they
were alledged to'be the property of his assignees.—
The circumstances of the case were as follow :—The
prisoner had, during the last two years, been in part-
nership with a person of the name of Darby, ,as a
hop-dealer, and upon a settlement of accounts be-
tween them, it appeared he was indebted to Darby
in about 11001. which not being able to pay, and hav-
ing committed an act of bankruptcy, a commission
of bankruptcy was awarded against him, and the
Messenger took possession of all his effects, and
among others, of the horses in question. They
were by him delivered to a Mr. Hadsell, into whose
fields they were put. On the night of the 17th of July
they were missing ; and as a much more valuable
horse was in the same field, which was not taken away,
the prisoner was suspected of having taken them, and,
upon inquiry, it turned out that he had himself left
them at a house in the parish of Harlow the next
morning. The assignees thought the present prose-
cution was the better mode than by indicting him for
secreting his effects. In order to maintain it, he must
prove all the stages of the bankruptcy, and that the
prisoner was the actual person who took the hales.
The Solicitor tinder the Commission w: :s called to
prove the issuing the commission against the prison sr.
On cross-examination by the Common Serjeant, he
stated, that the prisoner had not passed his last exa-
mination before the Commissioners ; that the prisoner
told him he had taken the horses, and where he had
placed them ; at the same time insisting that he had
a right to the custody of them until his last examina-
tion was past.
The LORD CHIEF BARON here immediately inter-
fered, and observed, that this could be no felony ; the
prisoner acted under a mistaken impression of his
right. It was like a case which occurred at the Old
Bailey a few Sessions back, when some Journeymen
Printers were tried for taking copies of some books
which they worked at printing : they claimed a right
to have one copy of every book which they printed.
It was clear they could have no such right ; but as the
thing. was taken in claim of that right, it was not a
felonious taking. He directed the Jury, therefore, to
acquit the prisoner, which they did.
CIVIL SIDE..--TYTHES.
•• . NEWMAN HARDING, EDO. V. MORGAN.
TWA was an action against the Defendant, as pro-
prietor of the tythei of the parish of Hornchurch, in
this county, for. not taking away the tythe of grass
after it was set out, but suffering it to remain and in-
cumber the Plaintiff's land.
Mr. GARROW stated, that this was a question of
considerable interest to the inhabitants of the parish
of Hornchurch, which was at present in a ferment on
the subject of tythes. The Plaintiff, in this
th cause, was
a gen lmilau of considerable p yin e parish,
and had set out his tenth. cock property in the atish.
and had set out his tenth. cock of grass when. it: was
mowed, and it became the duty of the Defendant, as
proprietor of tythes, to take, it away, and not to leave
it incumbering the Plaintiff's land.
• Mr. Justice HEATH here interfered, and said he
took the law to be clearly. otherwise. The farmer,
he said, by common law, was obliged to ted the grass
fer the parson, and not put it in a green state into the
cock, and that the parson was not obliged .to take it
away before it was turned in the swarth.
Mr. GARROW cited a case from the Court of Chan-
cery, when the contrary had been held ; but the
.Learned Judge being clear in his opinion, and Mr.
Garrow admitting that it was cocked assoon as mow.,
the Plaintiff was nonsuited.
HAMDEN ro. SPARLING AND ANOTHER.
This was an action of assault against the Defen-
dant, an Attorney, at Colchester, and the Serjeant at
Mace, of the same place, for taking the Plaintiff into
custody. It appeared in evidence, that the Plaintiff
had taken a piece of ground, to which the Defendant
claimed to have a fair title. The Plaintiff attempted
to put up some pales to inclose it, which the Def.en•
dant resisted. This caused the assault, which was so
trivial as not to deserve notice. The Jury, after hear.
ing a great deal of evidence as to who struck the first
blew, found a verdict for thp Flaintiff.—Dautars
farthinz. . .

.
