ZlAlet/LTIOS.

Mr. WILMOT-HORTON, in presenting Petitions from
Hamilton. Paisley, and Breathlbane, on the subject of Rod
gration, said, that in doing so he did not now wish to provoke
any discussion, but that he would take an early day after the
holidays to do so. He proposed to himself to draw up certain
Resolutions, to circulate them privately, and have them printed,
when the House would be better able to ascertain his object more
precisely, and then enter fully into the discussion.
The Petitions were wvetally ordeied to be printed.
TKADI WITH SOUTH AMIIRICA4

Sir R. WILSON, in rising to move .. fur a Return of
the official value of Exports to the different States of
South America (including Mexico) during the last five
years," said that he would use the present opportunity
to reply to a few charges which bad lately been brought
against the States of South America. He was aware
that the object of these accusations was often not more
to discredit the States themselves, than to cast a stain
upon the reputation of that great Statesman (Mr. Can.
ning), by whom their independent exertions had been
aided, and whose name and protection they would long
remember with regret. • Let the charges proceed, how.
ever, from what motive they might, nothing would be;
easier than to show that they were wholly void of
foundation. The first accusation against the States,
directed principally against that of Buenos Ayres, was
that they were preferring a course of corsair warfare
to the blessings of commerce and active industry and
peace. The next charge was, that the trade of South
America generally was of little value to the British
Empire. A third charge was, that the South American
States, in all theiripecuniary transactions, had played the
part of little else than swindlers, coverin; themselves
with shame, and all who supported them. Now, with re-
spect to the first charge of the corsair warfare, he (Sir R.
Wilson) spoke without the slightest inimical feeling
towards the rival state of Brazil, but he could not ad.
mit that the charge against BuenosAyres was at all made
out, until it was 'boast that that State had rejected
such terms, through the mediation of England, as
England, acting the part of an impartial ally, was
entitled to propose. For the allegation that the corn.
wive of England bad suffered, too, during the dispute,
considerable allowances Were mat its aide fir the posi-
tion. in which Buenos Ayes had bens placed. Her
government was t.espoasible Caw the ELI oncroolloits;

and that the privateers, the Wachs of which were tont,
plained of, kad been either fitted out or countenanced
by the Government (as some parties thought fit to as.
sett), he utterly denied. It was equally untrue that the
trade of 'Brazil had suffered from these hostilities, such
sa they we. No doubt could be entertained as to the
advantage of putting an end to them, but the trade
which had suffered was thin of Buenos Ayres
Then, in answer to the second charge,—that the
trade of Booth America wits of little importance to
this country—a short reference to figures would he
conclusive upon that point. The exports to South
America from England in the last five years had
Amounted, by official value, to about 15,000,000/.those
to Brazil. in the same time, amounted to 16,000,0001,
This was a very slight advantage on the side of the ins.
portance of Brazil; and. besides the elports to South
quote, already quot, a considerable quantity of
goods were mutually shipped from England to3amaica,
fr r the purpose of being reaexported to that country.
And it was not merely the existing trade to South
America at which England ought to look, but chef
prospect of what the extent of that trade was likely to
become hereafter. The very glut of our goods se hick
had, in the first instance, rendered the South Americus
market unprofitable, had driven those goods by fame
into consumption, and excited a taste for their use which
future high prices would not be able to suppress. Tile
Honourable Member then entered into a discussion upon
the recent mining speculations in Mexico; and con.
tended that, however the mines of that country might
or might not remunerate the cost of English wor king
and management, there could be no doubt as to the fact
of their abtract productiveness. For the last 90 yens,
the produce of the mines of Mexico alone had exceeded
the amount of 3.000,0001. per annum. The Hone Mern.
her then proceeded to describe the progress of inform.
tion in the States. Schools were established where none
had before existed—eight hundred pamphlets were
issued_ from the press in one year—the Bible was tiro:
lateby.the. 4uthority of the Church without note or
comment. Sliiery, teas now abolished in all the pro-
vincet. The last slave in the one province in which
slavery had continued, was etnancipated last year.-.
A 1 these circumstances proved 'he, great advance
made in civilization within a few years. A country so
improving, so rich in soil and minerals, would in tie
course of time be found productive of much advantage
to the commerce of this country. with proper encou-
ragement from our Government. We should endea-
bout to du what the French were now doing—endea-
vour to induce Spain to re-ognise the independence
of the Anietican States. This was the Policy of the
late French Ministry, but a feeling of delicacy withheld
them from taking wicirii:nctise steps for that purpose
while the French troops remained in Spain ; but as soot
they wese withdrawn, be had no doubt that France
would enter into treaties with all the Snuth Americo
States. Tl:e last charge against the States was one cr
a very serious nature. They were accused of suindling
the parties who had advanced money for the loans it
this con itry. These were said to be 22,000,0001. be
that was an exaggerated statement ; the whole amotue
did not exceed 16,000,0001. and the interest amounted
to between 900,0001. and 1,000,000/. Some of tin
loans were contracted for at ter y high prices ; but th
American States acknowledged, and made themselve
responsible for them all. It was, however, hard u
accuse them of sstindling for suspending their pal.
meats. Most of the'Eurepean States had done the saute
at one time or other. France had done so; Austria
failed in her engagements with this country ; and is
ourselves had committed an Act of bankruptcy. by sw
pending our cash payments in 1797. Bur it did at
follow, that because the South American States wet
bankrupts, that they were wilfully so. Their situation
and the great struggles they had made, shotdd be con
sidered; and it should also be considered, that they
were now making as much exertion as. they could
towards the liquidation of the claims upon them,'
and with every chance of success. But though he
acquitted those States of all blame of intent to de-
fraud any of those who bad advanced them money,
be did not say they Mere free from blame—they were,
culpable, but not guilty, and that wai the distinction
They were culpable in not stating their real condition
to their creditors at an earlier period. They ought
also, if their revenue was not sufficient, to have imposed
an internal tax to pay their debt, for that was a sacred
duty. He trusted that Government would use its in-
fiuence. which was almost equal to a command in South
America, in favour of the creditors of the American
States. Looking at all the circumstances of those Stator
and the rapid advance: they had made since their libera•
tion from the despotism of the Mother Country, se
ought to be proud of the share which we had in their
liberation. The Hon. and Gallant Member concluded
by moving for a Return of the amount and offiAl
value of all goods. British and foreign, exported from
this country to the South American States, including
Mexico, from the year 1821 to 1827 inclusive; and also
an account of the amount and official value of all lee
ports front those countries in the same time.

Mr. C. GRANT said, that he willingly acceded to
the motion of the Gallant Officer. There might be
some difficulty in making out tl:e returns exactly ;
every attention should be paid to rendering them at
complete as possible. With respect to the speech with
which the Gallant Officer had prefaced his motion, he
had no doubt the House would do him ample justice;
and as he (Mr. C. Grant) telt a warm interest in the
prosperity of those States, he hoped he would not be
ct nsidered wanting in respect to the Gallant Officer if,
on the present occasion, he confined himself to chow
few oblervations.

Colonel DAVIES said, that much as he respected
the progress of freedom in these States, he could not
go the length of his Honourable and Gallant Friend is
the eulogiums be had passed upon them, considering
that five out of seven of those States had allowed their
selves to become bankrupts, and broken their engar
meats with their creditors. Hp trusted that they would
be made at length to see thatlhonesty was the best pa
licy, and that though our Govetnment would not inter.
fere in directly enforcing the pecuniary claims of its sub
jeets, it would do every thing in its power to see the
those claims were made good.
