CLEUI 07 WWII&

A long report on iletititin.aell2ollll;llte of the Oak of the
Works was mad. The elated that several of the duties of
the office had been performed. These omissions the
committee atelbnlsi 69 the tame of Mr. Montague 's in.
ceased duties atierfferge the Mew Fleet. Market, the New London.
bridge, and ether pone wide They recommended an addition of
11001. per mom to his mnolimmer, to enable him to perform hie
duties merely. They reemmendel that he should, as an addition
to his poem dudes, be obW to make a survey of all estates,
end prember, the bow of which would fall in within
rv:P;rtieall, Tide wadi "ready benefit the City property.
Mr. S. Dixow etimanweely mimed the report, on the ground that
the duties for which addkienel emolument was asked same within
the pre.cribed duties at the Mee.
Mr. W. &riving; of 1116opr, also opposed the reception
of the report. This who the modesty to ask for an
increase of be stated to the Committee that ten beads
and ten pair of bonds cos no gala for the performance of the
present duties of his Mee. Taking this to be so, would an in.
crease of his salary ensure an beam of intellectual strength ?
(hear.) He amented to the remuneration of Mr. Montague for
his past Mcrae of service, but not for their continuance.
Mr. CHAS. PEARSON, Mr. LEDOES, MT. PELLAT, and Mr.
H. TAYLOR, severally
_opposed the report.
Mr. H. L. JONES, .Ir. EXINEZEII Talmo., of Cripplegate,
and MLne=teyn ROUTH, supported it.
An t wasmoved by Mr. PELLAT, for not agreeing to
that part of the report which recommended an increase of the ems.
luments of the Clerk of the Works.
The amendment was carried. _

3lr. C. PSAIITOX gave ponce of the following 'notion That
it be referred to the Committee d the City Lands to remove born the
Monument the insaiption round the base of the prdesta/, which
ascribes the burning of the City of London, in 1666, to the eontri.
Vance of the Roman Catholics, In furtherance of a plot for the es.
tirpation of the Protestrnt religion, and the introduction of Popery
and slavery."

A SECRET .011' Tile HEART.--In the heart of an ox,
slaughtered in Indiana a short time since a large itnitdog-ieeelle
wag found encased.--New York Courier.—This is nothing te a as
which occurred in Georgia lately, where, in cutting up an avatar, a
very decent old woman, a native of Charleston, was found quiet)/ en.
mowed in the stomach. She had dropped overboard 600 astiagner
going up the river, and except the crushing of a new boamot, Wino,
suffered at all from bee coninernent.—Speolotor.

A NoeLE REPLY.- his related of the eminent an;
=Hoodoo, that he was one day mut far by the Cardinal neigh,
Minister of France, to perform a wry serious *wades
him. The Cardinal, upon seeing him eater the mem, estate Yes,
" You must not expect, Sir, to treat me in the awe rear
as you trawl thaw paw miserable wretchei at year tithe
Hotel Dku." " 3ly JAW," replied M. Bombe, wish greet
"every meet these miserable wretches, as year Beatesece
loan them,tis a Prime Minister in neyern.4—Noteis "
pent of Brattu."
Mr. COBINETT AT IfSWICIL—Hers I hoard tie int

i11".._ *As P
of
the
b tgoevorm bds die year ; mad Yore I rimerved as hone, of that
'um eodearonsat which pervades the whole of embramoid ado&
, end A lurk, very sear to Ina la a 0010101__Oliat _1841.-figla die
The. aid was adatilirhe ass yid bib ditsladd lairg. it El
a— about as Web Os dome id et. Pad's bade( us be 6'
____,, .._
tag ad AMP tohe WI Ilmrsed er hum umw.....a
iica
Tim one opet idols the sea bed ohm% doe la -s---
161 demo by bin. I odd ant lum. wine she eat. 4 itg.
add that the nut Mee gra roe teen' • off& MA la
' 1116 is amid ilia the ' Obi be mod• 1110 •
am the dm," ael eme ahem bee. Oilleehillft_ !WWI, IMO
6 this a dome in ea ; bye 1 arm obeemieg , .
- -
•
