PRIVATE LETTER.

HANOVER, OCTOBER 9.

- . -
The arrival of the KING here was a matter of great
expectation. Every day from his MAJESTY'S depar-
ture from London was calculated, and each specially
mentioned'as the wished-for time of his coming into
this kingdom. Saturday last, his MAJESTY first en-
tered his Hanoverian dominions, and the same even-
ing he reached Osnaburg ; on Sunday evening the
roy# cavalcade halted at Nieuburg ; and on Monday
it reached this city. Guards of honour were stationed
on the way, and triumphal arches were erected at
each place where even a slight hope of his MAJESTY'S
Coming existed.
Besides the coach in which his MaaesTy•travelled,
accompanied by the Marquis of CONYNGHAM and
Lord F. CONYNGRAM, there were two carriages drawn
by six horses each, and two others drawn by four
horses each, containing the Royal Attendants. The
Marquis Of LONDONDERRY and Sir BENJAMIN BLOOM-
FIELD came before his MAJESTY, and reached Hano-
ver on Saturday evening.
Within about two English miles from this city is
a village called Stoecken, in which three regiments
were stationed in order to receive his MAJESTY: they
were during the day under arms, and prepared for
the reception of their KING. On the right of those
troops the Governor-General of Hanover, the Duke
of CAMBRIDGE, and the Dnke of CUMBERLAND, ac-
companied by all the Staff Officers in Hanover, .had
taken their places, in order to await the arrival of
their Royal Brother. Before his MAJESTY approached
the village, the Duke of CAMBRIDGE rode rapidly to
meet him, and having greeted him on his approach
to the capital of his Continental dominions, his Royal
Highness returned to the troops.
The three regiments were then regulated in such
a manner that the KING'S carriage passed through
the line of soldiers, who were drawn up on the chaussee
or highway. The approach of the royal carriage
was khown by the loud acclamations of the soldiers,
which were thrice repeated as the carriage appeared
in sight of each battalion. Their Royal Highnesses
the Governor-General and the Duke of CUMBERLAND
rode thence, one on each side of the KING'S carriage,
which was followed by the Staff Officers.
The welcome of the soldiers was such as could not
but he acceptable to the KING; but when the line of
soldiers ceased, the inhabitants of Hanover then came
forward in crowds to hail their first KING who had
ever visited this city from Great Britain. More than
250 carriages there met his MAJESTY; and it must
have been highly gratifying to him to perceive the
crowds who hailed his approach. In his MAJESTY
the People beheld not only their King, but their de-
liverer from the slavery of a foreign yoke; they saw in
him the decendant of their former Princes and war-
riors, and in his Royal person they also saw not only the
King of GREAT BRITAIN, but the King of HANOVER.
Their greetings were sincere and affectionate, and
they were returned with that ease and grace which
has obtained for his MAJESTY the appellation of Me
first Gentleman in Europe. Thousands of Hanove-
rians thronged around, in order to catch a glimpse
of their Sovereign, and warmly expressed their feel-
ings of attachment and respect.
The royal carriage continued to proceed, arid it
was met on its progress by squadrons of the other
regiments, with colours flying and bands playing.—
On its approach to Ilerrenhausen, about three o'clock,
the thunder of the cannons announced to the sur-
rounding country the joyful tidings of the arrival of
its KING. Twenty-one cannons gave the notice of
his MairsTv's arrival, and they were beard for miles
around. Before the Castle of Ilerrenhausen, now the
Royal Palace, the Royal Guard of Light Infantry
were drawn up in form of a crescent, and they re-
ceived the first King of Hanover who had ever vi-
sited it, with military honours and sincere gratulation.
After alighting from his carriage, his MAJESTY
was received on his entrance into his Palace by their
Royal Highnesses the Duchesses of CAMBRIDGE and
CUMBERLAND, and hand in hand with their Royal
Highnesses, one on each side, his MAJESTY appeared
on the balcony of the Palace, and was greeted by the
crowd with renewed acclamations. _ _

During the evening the Marquis of LONDONDERRY
and Count MUNSTER, and the various Ministers of
Hanover were presented to his MAJESTY, and paid
their respects to him.
The appearance of this city is extremely pleasing,
its houses cleanly, and its inhabitants have now at
least all the appearance of business and bustle. Its
environs are such as even in October to give satis-
faction to those who wish to see a beautiful country
highly cultivated. To the southward of The city is a
range of mountains, which gives to the approach a
most picturesque effect, and that effect is strengthened
by the many fir, groves which are scattered around.
This is, indeed, a pretty country," said a German,
when :ongratulated on its appearance; " it is even
pretty enough for the KING to wish to reside in it."
To another King it might, indeed, be sufficiently at-
tractive ; but it could never be such to the King of
G /MAT BRITAIN. . . _ -

Those who have resided for some time in Germany
know well the German compliments in the morning.
" How does your MAJESTY do? How has your MA-
JESTY slept last night ?" said an old attendant in the
Palace.—" I never was better in all my life," replied
the Kiss; " and I have not slept better since I left
England." His MAJESTY took a ride this morning
in the Park around the Palace, and is in excellent
health and spirits.
The greatest possible preparations are making for
a general illumination in this city to-morrow evening.
The Palace of Herrenhausen is about two miles to
the north of the city, and there his MAJESTY has re-
mained. To-morrow morning he will make his grand
entry into this city on horseback, accompanied by a
procession of all the Civil and Military Authorities.
At eleven o'clock the procession will be arranged at

the Palace, and alsgut one o'clock his Munn 4
expected to make his entrance into this city, under
most beautiful ti
iumphal arch, which has hem crectel
'1 for that purpose. _

This city is extremely full of the most e,speetabie
persons in this kingdom. Independent of the 6„,i'
Authorities, there are many of the German I};ntes
z:
who are connected with the Royal Family °t G
Britain. It is expected that the KING willrealea;
here uniil the 'end of this month, or the beginnin.;
the next. The army have various reviews and b
rades, which will occupy the time.are e :tr
There
preparations making for a wild boar hunt, which usal
take place on the 19th of this month, among the
mountains to the south of this city.
Another private letter says—" In my pror,ress to
this town from the Prussian frontier, I witneted,),'
strongest manifestations of loyalty and atraehroentt
his MAJESTY. At Glandorf, the first 'asap!, carne
to after passing the frontier, I found the landlord el
the inn, who is also the Postmaster, brushing a suit
of antiquated uniform, in which he intended to an.
pear before his MAJESTY. He said he would preset
his Royal Masterwith wine of a hundred and cum,
years old, poured out in a gold cup, and expressed
his earnest hope that his MAJESTY would conde,cexd
to accept the libation. His daughter, u Ito iraendel
the room with some refreshments, ott seeing an El,
lish Gentleman tender a sovereign in payment, inune.'
diately snatched it from his hand, when she under.
stood that it was stamped with the likeness of the
KING. Fixing her eyes upon it with a look of etiZe
tic delight, she contemplated it for a few incline%
and then, after pressing it tl:ree or four tines ta',4
lips, declined she would not past with it as I,nga,
she lived. Surprised at the emotion she betrayed, ty,
Gentleman asked if she had never seen the coin in
fore? and she teplied, that this was the &suite
she saw the lik:mess of tiro good King of Hanover:
At Munster the post-boys had a desperate contealin
for the honour of driving his M.sars rv's
One of them, who was a fellow of sonic humour, 41
that the Koenig von Pruasen (the King of Puusstrt,
when he passed through, did not pi ov,tke such anm
feelings among them, as they would all have km
very well content to let any one who pleased dun
his MAJESTY to the d—l.' You will not be stir; rnel
to hear that the King of PRUSSIA is no laminae
with the post-boys, when I tell yon that by an order
lately issued at Berlin, any one of them who sUllte
found asleep on his horse, is to be placed on a sea
formed by three pieces of wood, brought to so sirup*
point as almost to pierce through the fled), the unions
nate offender being all the time compressed IA ithin a
wooden frame, and unable to relieve himself any mho
way than by an effort attended with a varied sort rf
pain. This punishment continues for six weeks, daring
which period the wretched sufferer gets nothing but
bread and water, except on the third day, when le
is allowed a little broth to sustain life. As soon as
the time elapses, he is obliged to pay a fine of tweire
dollars, and is then restored to his former situation,
only to undergo more aggravated in fictions, Judd
he again unhappily doze while on duty:"
