_ the , .hey
only buried in the most ignominious slavery, but j cepied La Paz ; and is endeavouring again to sub.
condemned to glut the avarice and luxury of the* ' ject the people despoiled of their rights to the yoke of
oppressors, ' • • • their oppressors. Infamous Minister of arbitrary
A fate sp.humliating could not fail to interest the I power ! he is not ashamed to have recourse to vio
sensibility of, a Government which endeavoured td lence, in order to establish despotism on the ruins of
promote the general happiness of the country, not by his country.
ipsignificant proclamations and mere words, but by 1 " The.authorities at Monte Video, on the other
carrying into effect the same liberal principles to hand, derive encouragement from the proximity .of
which it owed its formation, and which must pro- the Portuguese troops, whom they have invites to
diice its continuance and felicity. I their assistance, and are disposed to barter their li.
All the members of the'Government, deeply irn- berty for vengeance. What laurels will they gain
pressed with these principles, and desireue of adept.': by so acting ? Let them fear lest they fall into the
ing-all the nieans,calculated:tn restore the Indians to , same abyss which they are endeavouring 'to open fur
their primitive rights, declared forthwith their p4s- us, should they refuse to enter into a beneficial re-
session of equal rights with the other classes which • coneili ition.
compose the State, incorp(ra:ed their corps with I " The country, then, is in danger.; and till it is
those of the Seanish Amer:cans whiclelvete raised \saved, war must be the principal object to whichlho.:
in this capital : ordered that the same.shoeld be done attention of Government is directed. The warlike vie--
in all therother provinces united to our syetern Laud tuecshall be the road to distinction, honour, and dip
that they should be, consitle:el as capable of rising ! nity. Tie troops shall be under, the most severe chs-
-0411 the ranks, offices, and posts whiCh have been cipline—their only relaxation shall be in a change of
the birthright of Spaniards, as any otherslese of In. I. military occupation. All the citizens are born sot-
habitants and that their instruction, commerce and diers, and shall receive from their iniancy an educa-
freedom should be prc.moted in every possible Way, ' tion conformable to their destination. The field• of
-.in order to annihilate
.in them those gloomy ideal ; Mars shall be the public school where the young men'
which tyranny' had ceased them to indulge. They I shall go throuAli their apprenticeship, and procure for
. were even invited to 'a share in the Supreme Goma, themselves robust constitutions. The cities shall pre-
. spent of the nation. ". ! sent only the image of war. In five, every citizen shall
- It only remained, to destroy the last link of the hub upon his arms as forming part of himself, and
".00- "e of servitude, by the abulition of the tribute.— war as his natural state.
• _
en of ' '

a
for her proportion cif the revenue for ISI.O, is fixed at
95.000,(Xe), and the expences at 111,003,000. The
sum of 16,000,000, being the difference between the
receipts and expenditure, shall be paid in debenture!'
on the Syndicate, which are created by another de-
cree of the same date.
A sixth decree confers upon Holland, two Aca-
defines, as branches of the Imperial University ; one
at Leyden, and the other at Groningen. The Merti.
bens of the Universities of these cities shall be admit.l
red by preference to chairs in the two Academies.—i
The University of Utrecht, the Atheneum of Am. ,
sterdam, and that of Deventer; shall take the -title of
secondary schools. There shall be a Lyceum at
Utrecht, at Leyden, and at Groningen. At etch of
these Academies there shall be two inspectors, who I
shall bccharged with the superintendence of the pri.l
many schools. The teichers of privet.: schools at pre.'
sent existing, shill be b7und to proeure,,within three,
months after the date of this decree, lbe means of
teaching French in them. After the Iltpse of a year
from the ‘22d of October, no person can receive a
certificate, or enter a school eithet as master or as-,
sistant, unless paissnially able to-teach at least the
rudiments of the French language ; and after two
years, tilt:ss he speaks and rtes that.l.inguage,
with facility.
13y a seventh decree, the Institute of Amsterdam
is continued ; and a sum of 510,000 francs is given
for its -,res.
cf

chain
This was paid to the Crown , Spain ass musk of
conquest; and they were thus compelled to recognize,
as a benerit, the irritating [act which had deprived
• Of their liberty.
• Junta bad 'long resolved to ut period to
badge of servitude but the

It is necessary to convince Gormcche, that
turbulent and audacious man, that our late defeat
has Only served to try our constancy—to convince Elio
and those of Monte Video, that our lives shill be fatal
te them and their auxiliaries—and, in short, evety.
enemy of our liberty, that the sword in our hands is

expences.
An eighth decree continues the national gusrd._
Holland on its present footing, till its il;finitive
nization. On the Ist of January, 1812, there shall
he established a guard, with pay, fur the service of
Amsterdam ; and the present night-guard shall be•l
suppressed.
_-The national guard shall not be called
-the insuffil

f

them
The
this ignominions _ ;
nature of their office had hitherto induced thcm
tg,reserve tbat meature for the General Congress.—
Vow, however, when the majority of the Deputies
from the provinces arc assembled, and when also a
variety of imperious c:rcurnstances continue to delay
the opening of that august Assembly, ij does not ap-
este& resoluri-

not an us•3ess.•wetipon; and that having once drawn
it, we have ttiOw*StWay the scabbard far ever.
" The Junta have theref-nc adopted the following
Resolutions :
1 Ist. A Committee of War shall be appointed,
which shall inspect the arming and equipment of the
troops, into effect plans for the Improvement of

upon to do duty except iu can: of .ICiency
of the hired guard. This latter guard shall consist
of two battalions and one squadron ; each hattal‘on
to consist of four companies, and each company IC
140 men. Their pay, subsistence, cl,ithiag, &c. shall
be defrayed at the expence cf the city.
By a ninth decree, the Imperial Court of e'en.-

peat , nein any longer to suspend a .tvtion,
which, in connection with many others, must become
the chief basis of our rer,eneration.
.._ -

carry
the Grganization of troops, of the system of supplies,
the order of march, cantonments, and every thing
active

Jape
shall appoint one of its members to decide, in a Spe-
cial Court, alter the Dutch laws, and with an appeal

From these consider:4lons the Junta Imre resolved,
1. That hence& th, in all vale connnz, the 'ft ibute which the

connected with . scrvice.
2d. The Cadets skull daily attend the military
academ, in order to be instructed as speedily as

to the Council of State. on all seizures made in Hol-
land by the sea or land forces, and by the oAcers of
the - and captures made by privateers and

Indians paid to the Clown of Spain shall be abolished in all the
districts of the provinces united to the existmt Government of
the River Piste.
That in order to give an due erect to the present resolution,
St shall be puleshed in all the chief towns and villages of the pro.
vines of the Interior ; and that all exaction of the said trehnte
anal henceforth cease. For which purpose, they will tank a
nsafident number of cwies to be printed in Spanish and Qttlehus„

,iy, Ay.. pus-
sibk in the rudiments of the theory of ware
" 3d. That every day the carps of troops shall be
d, illed and trtanceuvred ; and their arms, accoutre-
menu, and uniforms inspected.
" 46. That Military discipline, the only means of
• the'preserration of an army, be observed with the
greatest severity.

customs, on
ether Armed vessels.
A tenth decree creates the thirtieth Court of Con-
servation of forest: for the new dsp.trtments.
The eleventh decree orders the Commission of the
great book or the public debt of Hollsnd, to Liqui-
date such pensions as are granted to persons formerly
employed in the administration of
By -

to be sent to the Provincial Juntas apl °thee. Mogistratest wbA,
shall useful to the saw. (tignoti)
JUAN PALse, Sec.
. Tuenos AreqrSeptetnber 1. •
FROM THE EpENOS. AYRZS GAZETTE OP MT. 13.
11..4001 TRUCE FROM COMMANDANT MIEIIEL/DrA..
His, Excellency' the Viceroy c f tilege provinces, Ma;
Don Francisco Xavier Elio, has ordered

b. Bth. That the Military Commission take care tbitt
she most speedy dispatch be given to trials by courts-
mar ial, and the sentences be carried into effect with-
ollt the least delay.
" Gth. As, in order to triumph in this formidable
contest, it is-necessary that every one should be de-
voted to war, and that even boys should acquire a
taste for arms an abstract of the military regulations
shall be printed and dirribured in the schools, that

finanee.
a 12th decree, the city of the Hague is raised
to the 'rank of a good city, the mayors of width are
entitled to be present at a coronation.
PARIS, NOVEMBER 3.
The Prefect of Moat l'onnerre has published in that
department, that, in virtue of an imperial Decree ( f
the 4th of September, t!wre shall be raised a regiment
of Bankers of the guard, composed of 'Tung men
- nephews -

jor-General _ _ _ _ _
me, in his lacer rfilie.lsth instant, to continence hos-
tilallopurations against the town of Buenos Ayres;
acquainting the Junta beft.re.hand c f this. determiva-
tion through the medium 6f a Flag cf Truce, with-
out relating Actin it, although the Deputies of the
Conitnission for adjusting our differences are sitting
for tkat desirable object, unless the propositions for
an actornmodatioo which I made on the 15th of last
month are acceded to. Agreeable to the powers ss..
g
ted in me by his icellencx, I now again repeorthem
to the Junta in the same language as 01} 131 f farmer
ynission, and only wait your answer to commence
*pervious. gOrtpresetve, Szc.
JUAN AXGEL
7 Beleu. Aug. 181 J.

. - - -
the boys may be familiarised with them, and that in-
valid strjeants be empldyed in teaching them the ma.
nuAl exercise. For this purpose they are to be as-
sembled every Thursday in a certain spot, in order
that the ide.t may be di eply engraved on their tender
minds, that they are the hopes of their country ; and
that to serve it, to defend its rights, and to amelio-
rate the fate of their posterity, their constant nktto
Must be—Honour and Discipline. •
(Signed) " Jun?: JOSE l'Asso, Secretary."
Buenos Ayres, Sept. 6, lat 1.
•

from 18 to 30, .the sons or . of the s neral
guards, uf the foot and horse guards of the f.rests,
and of the domains of the Crown.
The young men who shall enter 'this corps, shall
be considered as having satisfied the conscription laws,
if they have not previously done so. The regiment
is to be organised at Ituelle, in the department of the
Stine and Oise.
The Engli-sh appear to feel vet), considerable
alarm with regard to t'e eventual projects of Chris-
tophe, should he.ever succeed an ruling St. Dumingo
without a rival.. It is believed that in that case his
views would extend to driving the Europeans from all
'the islands' N‘ith the aid of the negroes whom he is
.Prepir;ng for insurrection—and to shutting up the
- .
, Gul)

FRENCH PAPERS.
PARIS. NOVEMBER s.

to the most Escttlasse4inti,irf Buenos Ayres.
AtCSWZR OF 11IE JUNTA.
This.superinr Government has received the *Mend
letter of this date, which ycu connbunicated by order
of Major-General 1)on Francisco Xavier Elio, an:
nounctng your intention of commcneing hostilities
against this city, ruAvrithstanding that toe,Deptsties
are sitting for the adjustment of ellferences. The
objectio?tktp the rropositions of the 15th ultimo, so
indecorouitowards the dignity of this Goverr.ment,
avottlti Lisa in .theins, IVaa-i1.4111:1V1C.11,b3T5_4111.1 t hog
tho' Chief who made tra tr, having •no • othetmo.,
tine for ,tliftn, but than of insulting, caa protkace
jto other effect, hut that ef roftrring you to the
aus‘tql.iet,toted.t 0 the 16th July last, and which !leis
Government refer is a to. .Guo pteserv.•; /cc.
. Royal Fortroat cd IN% not Aire', I,u;. IN. tBl 1..
At seven o'clock in the morning,,of the.l:9th,. the
began to 1: rm. in litic of tattle, but certainly
in-the zoi.ist of the. cei,fasioa which tonic possesion
oilthe soul of this indecent Cdromander, and .drAwing
pear tti him with hi; spy-gl•iSs, the four sinall ycstc,s
seacly..to appose Mtn, his invigistation led bhp to think
that-lie.,had to contend with 14:or mea,of tsar. •
at eine ti'elccir. raid-day, Ise .14;0 at a te•-

OC rOZER

The Moniteur contains a series of imperial decrees,
issued from the Palace of Amsterdam, relative to the
Administration of the Dutch provinces.
The first tires the boundaries of the departments,
the cantons, districts, &e. into which Holland is
divided. That country is divided into seven depart-
ments; namely, the mouths of the Met's*, the mouths
tf the Issel,-the East Ems, the West Ems, Fr iseland,
'the .Upper Issel, and the Zuyderree. Each depart-
ment is divided into districts, or snh-prefectures ;
and
variaua salaries. of from four to ..five thousand
francs annually, are assigned to the Sub-prefects;
aith4imilar rums -for the expellee cf thcir offices, or
bur.•aus.
A second decree prescribes the introduction of the
French system of taxatitni into these departments, on '
the lst of January, 1811 The line of the customs,
on the side of Old France, will be raised on the en.
st.i•l Ist of July. The land-t.x far the ensuing year
is bred at 1.5,100,090 francs ; the tax on doors and
vindows at 3,401),000 trance. Other articles of the
&cote relate to the establishment of the stamp duties,
the ccinsolitlated duties, municipal dues, the duties
ou salt, tobacco, Ice. With regard to toba.ccci, all
the - ofactuters, and dealers in that arti.

_Aph of Mexico by a Chain of confederate States.
This pka, vast as it is, is by no means of such im•
iossible execution, as n, t to excite fears in the Eng.
h with regard to the moment when Christophe will
tempt it.
A letter from Mentz anniiince, that it is believed
in that city, that the o- M.4jesties will return from Hal,
land by the way of Coblentz, Mentz. and Kaiserlan-
tern. and Metz.. • It is presumed that 'the Emperor
wished to view the new and magnificent road bctwrea
Kaiscrluutcrn and Metz, which passes through,the
Inbst barren sands, and the completion of wlielt is
not oue of the least benefits of his Majeqy's reign.
FLORENCE, OCTOBER la.
M. Lagarde, Director-General of Police in Tea.
carry, has arrived here from Parts. '
The conscrip s of this dep, amain set out f. r their
destination with that zeal which has always dist;tigui sh.
ed them, and which increases their joy nn seeing .11.'0:
selves placed in the ranks of tfie brave saldiess of the.
great Ration. The first column is composed of 6951
men ; the second, which will depart to-morrow, emit-
sists of 250. " - '
It gives us pleasure to add, that none ^r those who
drawn ha, fiiled has

Even s. - - reMit4t
tible dist.tnct from our four little an,frao -
nsenced n strung cannonade on tic l3ay, where au
irememe cr...wel of sptctateri asreml-.lcd to winless
' this ridiculous combat. Our seamed ari‘vtred thorn
/4dAtcliarging th,eir pistols, charged only with. pow-
der, and shouting cut voice; of derision,afainst such
cowarclir conduct cm the part of ate Spanish navy,.io
which also the women° joined.
The bug 'Delco, and the -they large .rersels, with
tie pretious officers
,of the apaoish navy i_st htnird, ;
contintrd firing at such tt distance .nit to do no kind
of injury uhatsoevtr.
liUSWATittS..gErTILltBlit .
- - - -

grov. mann,
cle, were to give in an account cf the quantities of
104 ukacco in their rsbessi,n on the Ist inst. which
were to be pui chased. on account of Government,
and paid by Zen: on the•central chest. Amsterdam.
Two impctial manul,ct..ries were then to be ecta.
bashed ; one at Amsterdam, and the other at Rot-
terdam-, which were to have the •e;clissive privilege
of inanuLt elm ing trb leen and snuff,. according to the
system established in France. •
. A third decree ret rtes to the roads in Holland:L.
The road horn Antstereani to Antwerp by Utrecht,
and the other road by Leyden atal Rottendam ; the
read tram Amsterdam to Germany, by Utrecht and
Munster and -'also that from Amsterdam to the

_ of t
were :ve fi ,to appear, which _ ter
&Fed coercive measures unnecessary. We le itsi
from Rcme, that the conscription was there raised
with the same success. Two cfetachments of conscripts
have wen already assembled at Viterbo.
AUGSBURG, OCTOBER 211.
The number of strangers who take up tht it Pre
depceat Trieste, and among whom are many Greek
and other merchants of Vienna and Hungary, in-
creases daily. That city is, besides, from eircuniiii
stances, becoming the centre of commerce in Levant
gottottc, and between the east and west of Elm-Ise:4.
Theinantily orlievant cgttttne %%hich 4s_latefy
'iced Trieste from?

~~ . ._~

i

O'CLOCI

di,.
te
REPORTED DEFEAT OF MA RMONT,
BY LORD WELLINGTON.
The Vlichestn Packet, Captain' Roams, has ar•
rived at Falmouth from Cadis, acter a quick passage
Fof 10 days. On the 4th inst. Captain Roasts; fell ;a
with an American vessel, (the Jane, of PhiladelPLis)
t out one day from Lisboa, the captain of which stated.
(that Lord WELLINGTON had defeated Istestmor„
after at desperate. and sanguinary action, in whichet.
latter lost 10,000 men in killed sad wonnirti. How.
aver aszious waylay be to cottbrrn this intelLgent.e.
we regret to aid, that its authority rows, as yet, solely
en the questionable authority of the Americas Cap.
tain st`zove alfuded to.
The intelligence fro! Cadiz, brought by the Cbi.
chere. r, is rather ct a favourable tinnre, as will be
seen by the following extracts from the Spaaish Paperst
As we hive already stated, the exerr.:7 minted
fron am Roque very shortly after Own. arrival a._
that place. General Bau-asraitos prwrlnly para Led
them in their retreat. and harassed them very wed,.
taking *number of pt i ioners and aqu sd haggle.
c A.1.11Z. OcrOBRIL-tt.

_ videaciau Gazettes to the lido
et. • On the Sth. etc French aga•ut assAul:cd the
Castle of Saguata, and were spin nrpulsed. The bra
sp:rit reigns among the army mid peasan.ry.aadetray
measures are - be

possible contiaued to pursued to en.
sure the &fence of t:le country and the expulsion ut"
the enemy.
The third army has made a movement towards
the province of Cneaca, and when the last accoents
came awry. was M Tarragona and its vicinity. Is

Ari dgc.n, the cavali y the CapeciLe Jo have already
arrived at Carmina.

TM* Till 031Klio or 2trit °crow.
It-is said that a confi.leatial letter has been no.

ceisred from General Ba&stereos, dated Head-qua.
ter*, Ximenis, October 2%1, stating, that by a rai id
mach be overtook its the siad place the rriu.guaiti
,of the toemy, and caused Wm- some 1 ss, !wing
ismer% muskets, and knapsacks.
CADIZ, OCTO3 R v.

_ .
ne day before ye,terd iy anchored in this rim do
Spanish frigate Nostra del Coro, from Vera Crag
And the Havana, after a passage of 67 days, with
fruit and 93,000 dollars; the hilgantint St. Miguel,
from Honduras and the Havann 1, in Sa days, with
goods and 57,000 dollars ; and the plaits,. Indus
Orea, from Monte Video, in 74 days, with mer-
_
',hew ce

chandize and 16,000 dollars. Yesterday
anchored in this port, the prig of war Aletta, :torn
Vera Cruz aad the Havanna, in SS days, wttb 20 bags
of indigo, as a gift to Ms Majesty, and 16,000 dollar,.
OcToarit 27.
General Mendiaahal is at Samna. The greater
part of the enemy's troops. rhich threatened Geneva
B.llasteros, has proceeded towards Roada.
VALENCIA, OCTOBER a.
We have had tee head-quarters here for the list
fifteen days ; the troops united in it amounts to t went}
four thous Ind men.

VALENCIA DE ALCArTA&A. Is.
At this moment (nine at night) see learn, that onr
cavalry . which was at Caseres, has fallen back to
Brozas, at the appearance of 2000 of the enemy's *tt-
Entry, with 1000 horse and three pieces of cannon,
advancing towards these head-quarters.
OCTOBER 15.
The combined army under the command of M tr.
wont, has divided, taking different directions after
Ahe acacia:of the 25th ult. The corps called the arrr.y
9f Po, tugal, under the immediate orders of Mannont,
his passed by Placentia, in the direction of Talavera
dot. Reina, leaving forces in that city and its vicinity.
The corps of Dorsenne has taken the road to Sala-
manca and Valladolid, and a division under the com-
mand of General Fui has marched to Cats. The
allied army has again advanced upon Ciudad
dr:go.
TARIFA, OCTOBER 22.
Yesterday .the enemy retired from San Roque ' y
road of Ximina ; Generals Sarrazin and Selarae

have done the same, and appear to threaten this
.place. We expect shortly to resume the offensive.
In Xeres an event happened which clearly they:6 the
repugnance with which the French Lathers serve in
the Peninsula. A convoy of waggoas was I.repatcd
r Ronda ; at the time of setting opt, a drAgo:
, placed himself before it, and firmly said, 44 nobody
slr)uld go." Remonstrances wore tutkss ;an Officer
'arrived and asked him the motive fiir
conduct ; the dragoon boidly repted, 4' that he wt' is
not to to the Swan* tsnd that the dragoons sl c.tld

....
The Junta hove published a list of those Clara - - -"--
ei .1 - --- ril Tr., , Matechmia is ecimated it twelve i was gu,.boosuse it ~as ouly for the purpose 'I berry
116 en --
' .(1 The -'
ur)to fled at the commencement of the•actioir with fielder, are ee 4re.d Imperial toa _A: to&mod trilos, and isdestioesliorTransui and Italy.* seteri4eed is a country in which thef would be use-
thews roads, brionging tis towns of individuals, 54641 iLiolte 44sfssiopal supplies are expected slitting the , ,„, , Cotoneche, on the Pesapradcfo, for the purpose of
hewing them up to contempt deteseatiou,. They, be kept up,.. till the expiration of their tides.. *info whist. According to the Litest accolosue fecgte.e.d Fraser Am voacer saici his Itassd upon his sword, t; e
bow also published in thtir Gmsette, that Cloyo!.. they shall revert to the domains of the Sipa; i'he from Pfesburg, the Piet of Himmel, wilt clt4e its drag /km did *.ume, but %beef:bet wets We:fn.:tip
Roche ;bandoped, op could of August; the position • canals; briJses) PUd .l'3! Ts) shall contitile! $Q W Syr- . dittia;s ilmit thy piditre 9f Dot molt, the late= wee rcidect. .
_ , • . , .. •
. - .
• -
~ ..
.
. • . • , . .
.... , ..
....,
........., . . . .
• • • . • - .
-.•• e , . .
0041101,,biii.Z i: •: AL ' • • _a _a ..2 ,

',....1... NI .
1 4 0 .
• :which
THE EVENING STAR.
• •
,
• • . . •
111111•1111-10101e5`1=le!=• Ike had talten op with the• van • Pali* gejOid as ferotelir- The OM of 11-49Oot•SluPs '
atartos Ail-RE: GAZETTES. sepia the town ef Oruro, in conseqc ehe 104.1feleelliblick, and pie Helder; are declared special .
-....-...-.. wain of provisions, and the hostilities leee iltalperistlf war, and. subjected to till Administratioa of LONDON.
116CIMS' 071` Tilt PROVISIONAL JCNTA or FRE 1114:1114, experienced frdm the inhabitants of Coaliablinistsa. A.lthOdarine.
Noma= OF rata nistut naza, DI TM&
~WAlla OF I,IIFIY of tli4 latter ari said to have *melted the i A- fourth decred ordains the erection of three •
NEXT TUESDAY,
FIOWIWAND VII. • . "- troops which guarded his mules, and taken 1000 of i hawses of detention-, for the seven departments. 'fbe
TIME STATE LOTTIST WILL. SS Damn,.
The existing Government. since the first moment them. Tile greater part of the town of Oruro is • first to be placed at Amsterdam, the second at Groa,
of its installation, lots beheld-with the greatest ,re. said to have been destroyed. !niece°, and the third at .hfunstrr, in.the department .- . ..1..........
- fret the miserithle and debdsed condition of the race The Aiwa have published General Orders, dated iof L;Lippe. The department of the Zuydet a:e THURSDAY, NOVp4DER 14.
of Indians. These our brothelS, who are. certainly,' Sept. 4, of wlli,ci) the following are extracts : I shall have a depot of mendictty. There shall b: a MICK OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'Cl.(;CI
the first-born sons of Anieriea, were•excluded from I" We cannot dissemble it t our situation is danger 1 new aqueduct for conveying water to Amsterdam, a p.r C. Dm. for man 641-Wise fir sawn s 4 t
,
the bh..ssings and adrantages of their native soil ; rous. Since the defeat of our troops on the Desa.. and another for the Hague. I Crp Ct. Redreed ssi-4 per Cast 114
. i
1 and, !bade the victims of ambiti.m they were not g ttadero, the execrable parricide Goyoneche Las oc- I By a fifth decree, the budget of receiptt m' Holland, /21411 LP. ,C,t- 9,4 97-50041 IS& 110.. pm—Pflug'' f
. IT-ri _ .1 !.. ---5.....-....:... ..,,...:. &.. ...I._ r,,- hAr nrnntlft ;nil of the revenue for ISIO. is fixed at ' ' -""""‘')"""its• Pre•-Llits° Old i 411 to skie
