PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE.

THE CORNUBIAN, Jaw. 7.
The t• Falmouth Puke" List beide six to Lisbon, whom msaa
absence is 28 days ; her Moditsnasseh 7 weeks ieht litaddra
ad
Brasil, 20 weeks ; seven Beene Apo, Sd web t three Lowed
Islands, 12 weeks; ids Mexico, Jo alter and Hari, 18 woks ; tour
Jamaica and Carthago.. IS woks ; and live Band, Bormsda, owl
North Amnion, 13 woks.
Loos Ilse bon in a state el agitation tor do froinight by
wages. On
the sariesienal insrs, who dosed an Mow d
Moteliy last, &Wawa fast Plnnedt. Myst, Mks,
•Le. Vim, to Toissoges, old mood disk grievances bans
the ho attar a posted bodpg, odes* a podia advises
Y the wages of labourers having hmelfn ; the polio !him mini my
poceably.
The scarlet fever has urged for ems weeks lest in the piirish dNestoar Lighted. In one fondly all the children (Income fallen
victims.
Ths instatity of *Or sold last week at Rsdruth, 4,0311 Idea—
Average rodeo, ty of Ise Cop, Mid toos, 18 art....
Arnow of Sok, 211,41 81.—Aveur ftstoderd, 102. 12.
By his libilsay's packet Pigeon, we bare received Rio d. Janeiro
papers to the 1 ith November.
His Majesty's ship Thetis has just unwed ices the Pasilice—sho
brings no sows of importance hers_
sincerely lament the loss of that
valuable odors the 800. Captain Bingham, who with the
at the frigate, was unfortosately drowned is the Bay
the boat from some sedum upset, in the act at goingClicsom the
shots to dm vomd.
A subscription his boss tossed w amble some at the Partagoops
emigrants to tramped thomishes to Faso, la code to avail thesadvos
d the flat opportunity at prig ism doses to Tanaka.
The answer gives by tho Rov. Mr. Tnitsis's meat at Wadsbrligs,
to the application for tibia de tithe ampn by ths haws%
and other escaping of land, the parish et =soh"
a vestry bald for the wpm) boo tales into
valuation pogo mut pos w land was mei Mem dims
hi
Is
at the mom period, liras Tory universally wicked
ot) under which ens inner soma be was inamited is bis pay
ee at
Bliss. from 81.8 s. to IMt sod raboorpossly to Ili gasses a T, his
gsaisotansposides. This is the Ohm's, by which the Rotor re.
lakes his tithes, and to width he ass adds the peso's rats, sad every
cam Wastage' the orates, Wilds ashes It seism has IL and ism
that o IndoEr That tits mad of the land hi the parishes of
Seidl 1111 sod c , which the Rev. Mr. Tinian is Rotor,
amounts to ady a year ; and the Rector actually maim hen
Iles ihrominsady LINO. yea ly as tithes, which dimly pees that
they have just groat d complaint, aad that the former statenont W
sot at all
DlSD.turraild'hosolhoup, Fag. of Itosenmady Rouse, Bt. Apo—
At lithos, aged Tr, Xis. Trendies, widow of the late 80. T.
Tomlin&
SHEFFIELD tefrelTßY, JAI. 8.
Swag wordlists awl memicsaree of this town, have resolved to
sotablisk a Illsedd Joint SINE amain Caspety. The capital Is to
h lAN shims et OIL sash ; of width 4111. a share is to be
paid so son as sad Orr, sod the remainder whom wad Ths as.
mss
bo lauds, a Ossmiess, and the smenolmest under two or
doss Mkseses, Oct nom hi ray other booboo, sod the establish.
cant
Os be superiassnisd by those Inspectors tat sonnonod with the
Ikea trade, sad to be appointed at ensue masdngs. The re.
mid somber of shores is steam to give appertasky to the per,
toilsodenss, Merchants, and blanuistarso ridding within
le of filisdisid, to become subscribes; hat as inn or hi.
Mensal is to to allowed to subscribe it ace that thirty shares
ha the list bistro, nor at any time to hold mire than forty
On Supers:at mhst, the worsted and cotton mill stdit=
early to Mr. John Dowhost, was
to be ma iir=eolsl amistancs was rtedend by a muld.
suit at peso, in solo to stop the rapid program of the flames.
Ths tw• Isighlay cagiest were on the spot in 44 misses after nodes
lied ben received, awl the Norwich iro.onglass west from Leeds.
about Ii miles. at tell pm, but nearly the whole et the valuable
mathinary and stack were deemed ; and the floe buildbg, with the
exception of that peat of it where the engine strode, is a mom at black.
mod min. The damage is satinetrd at tourism or Mies thousand

PA lee which, Judging from the drannuances under which it ode-
sated. could sot nave occurred accidentally, has taken piece at Arm-
therpe, mar Demmer. It broke out or the wades@ of Mr. Sb.
Skeen.
Oa Friday morning last. a hay souk and a suss surd; were boned
bolenelng to f Chmenberangl, o Points., near Palkingbane. Mr.
hit
Quaraboosugh, perms, had been using a thradtheg "whim a few
Say' modem to the mailowdes.
On Twig aW a enick bias to Mr. Thorpe, at Oleathom,
mar Spinal. was dlosemred to be on be sod mennunicated as seven
others adjeloine..as whole were shortly ooramined. The less our
is aseinnewl at lON or ROIL
Oa FridaLwaight week, • abed at Boma, near Wotherhy, was do.
strayed by
About ear o'dsch it Thursday morning week, • Ike was dimmed
lopes the premises Mr. James Addams, of Meshy, and a straw Moik
°Detaining about Amy beds, together with two cat stack' essolig
106 quarters, were completely deatroyed. There is ovary mos
limn that this devastados maths work dm incendiary.
Six stacks et wheat, five valuable cows, • alt and ben, wen de.
sowed by fire about dot o'clock on Moaday=ket, asislos
Fenn, within a short of Draper, Da by MN
Damen. Saws miter cows, by timely mortions, wee =leen the
geoid
At thec=slarcle during the past year, there have been LA
bogies, end 474 burials ; at St. Paul's, 6 baptisms, 194 burials ; at
ffa lads, 41 burials ; at St. George's, 18 leptons, 490 burials; at
S. Philip's, la mes, 136 burials ; •at St. Mary's, 7 baptisms, I
WI& i at A cam, AO baptisms, 106 burials ; atlieesesatr. 41
Ispikene. 134 burials; asking a total of 1111 baptisms, and 16791
Os Wedmoday erasing, about forty gentlemen mot together at dee
Yellow Idea, in the Haymarket, for the pm at taking into osa.l
*ideation the propriety et appealing to the &i&os against the pay.i
ment of their Police Ilates. The principal °blades; was, that the
Rate is made amording to the amount resikd, and not the annual
calve, as expressed in the act of Parliament.
Wednesday has, a enesting Mee Commissioners was ISM at dm
Tows Mall, for the waves, et &ohm a musmince to eftiesd the
cleanstog of the stows- tar she present yew, and on weal basksins..—
Such was the disorder that Mr. Rhodes, the chairman, was
abruptly to vacate the chair, and leave the parties to settle .1t:
pin
MAned
RRIRD.—At ick. Derbyshire, Bichsel Wails, Seq.
barrister at law, (cousin to Wildman, of Ninvessti Abbey,)
Marianne, youngest daughter et Cranford Tate, Esq. of garriestoun,
sad sister to Lady of Reale/taw.
DIED.—At Walton, near Chesterfield, Miss Atm JeMs. awl llkr
daughter of the late Samuel Jab, Esq. Deputy Usatmont In the
county of Deny—At Chiseselleld, John Collier, Req. banker, univer-
sally esteemed as a useful menber of Itocisty..—Williarn Spooner, aged
IS, gentkassa, of Machin Bank.--Natheald Fowler, Esq. aged 73,
nil
Pontefract, sod formerly of Wakefield.
LINCOLN AND NEARS TIDES, JAN. 5.
To the independent radon= Tegkok—The Antos Blues et
Newark have published an appod.-44 The persecution of the Blass st
Newark by the Patron of thelioresgb, is a subject ot reproach through-
out England. Dosing this inclement mason, the charitable pauses
are about to distribute cosh to these alone who supported shift home.
The Committee ham resolved, therefore, to mod to the friends ot an.
bought suffrages to load their aid, and maids them to pg mimes coals
fa die bower men, who Maim of consequences, gave their mess as
Englishmen, and for which they are now suffering severe petvatioe
The Committee felt confident la the sympathy of isispodso ass g
and their success will show to these who dam to pavan the Ometint.
don by prior, pretest, or vehement bribery, that thsk endesstamt will
be frustrated, and that honesty end hmkpendtmes Abe sow_ LL.
GILUVIIIAIIIL—A :rake its INNIF of the bye
woes ot this tame, of the of that ploos at is boa.
rots, to petition both Hones et Mensal he se abatis of Tome
and as alterselos in the present Conatiendea of the Lower Howe, was
on Monday last signed by upwseds et SO tmescrable penes&
A subscription was conotteamd at Deem on Wednesday het, to
assist in defraying the heavy expenses hawed by the Association lobe
successfully opposed the Corporatism hi desk claim to town elle
On Wednesday afternoon, a very numotwas meeting for Radial Re.
term tank place at Belper ; she madame was universal in favor of Vote
by Ballot.
MARRIED.—At Setton.in.Ashillid, Thomas Oaddry, welcome,
to Miss Sarah Cart, of that place
DIED.—The Rev. Jolts swum. Aar of Melbourne. Der*
sad Rector et Wileford, Linceimbire in the 71 year of his age

DIJELIN MORNING REGISTER. Jaw, 7, 8. and 9.
' We ibis day mons ear extracts hid papas se illhd with subjects
,at pidgin Interest. Mr. O'Cooesil displays a power of übiquity and
rid ben the *est aid in way kind a pulls sods. His eels
ea is tear. of the Velem, but abets do ad less sight et lulls.
owl, whops, after all, this Is the leg* gendee,
=IL Heuer wool las a nouseLesuee et the lenes. His "sedum
i mg aim" woad. at ê In*. WI can attempt bet a
kosandisimm - Unwise, so hsee seuredies et dis mak et
the Wiese White earsday. did ken the sebselpdses OS.
Xi.
.8•1001, Mt. Mend nem istiatedasedtellet by the
1 wadi at lilt dettiorp le eteri "Peet, Oila 1 pageMPose !—As

what emery was ever gssestel, except Inlaid, in the Manlove of he
COs the Bth, the following nodes appeared in various Dahlia
* PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE °MOE,
4TIt Jastuaulr, 1831.
" b .ef the iodation of • meet illepl sod highly en.
osesdiatind IL a Seal. I Mime a meeting of
the delomikess se ills mosedow, (Thwaday) the Bth instant, at
Thme Meth, to oohs lemaramins for the fon:sties of a Society
to be oiled " The said Ansel den of Ireland for the prevention
et sthsertid lleethip, odd he the prosodies sod exercise of the sacred
tight et radioing theesime et DANIEL O'CONNELL, IL P.
"N. /I.—lib poses as peed* he admilmil save aspertos for the
Prow or thresemeth, unless he pekes, a Titbit dated in 1831.
We rule is passopery, and most hs dlopothed with.
6° EDWARD DWYER, Agent."
Assoldingly, swes the Mernisso Resihr, a MB* milgothilo mum-
=ctirblhentesubs~ es the Pa
Oise, loth
the
he their
. Bass dm befog, the boar apples,' he I.
the Est asajerity et the members me le stoothese ; and
es the arrival of Ms. O'Connell, two peer diem (Rai, and Dol
hod), omed the rem, and anon sea that they email the the pee.
pose et mails for government. Every sommemlodes was mewed
for them* Mr. O'Connell, and they were sesta st the same tile with
the teporters for the prem.
Denettnics DOTLS, Seq. was voted late the chab. sod Mr. Meted
Dem was appointed esesetary.
lie. O'Cownms. thee nee, and in a wof great leash 'ITO the
cremation of the moodaden as ammtd with the melithsalo eight et
petitioning. What, raid be, is the objectof this seesalstim t
to quid Inland. Bodies of the petwantry have buts mei.
—twenty or thirty dimmed poem haws asemishied tsgether ;
I have hosed, too, that Ave or six parishes have bees collect.
bg towhee this week ; suds snip
_an sod I wish to
pat shoe down. 1 ism mud of bdng oiled dm eelse. bly greet
rejelesave.
misty Is es deserve the title, and I men in so thaws othe
die pools. bemuse it mike me, by my W this the piglet*
be passable. It is my wish m dse NON thmuless. I
would my so the y
ouYoe toast toot sedineses; yes weith lo
put an ad to tithes ; y want rabid t essieyebrilalgat watlobe
Read hem the erbaeuing set t yes woo to the jury *OM,
aim to have no mere of the galby petty esspeollen.
elleersothe
y VW l
et mea -"mirndso Lk / Zgric=b
ru la=
nieda—ou want to p
answer se me " yes." Then I should mg us them—to pees
Wise take the only and the good awn thst is
rimes, r yos—abodes
year proem proceedings— Ay from widest messures, wl, meat mks
hos its all those whewish you to weed in those objects ; but who
will Net only separate. but OM Whoa pa, If you rum •• WWI m
a Admit some. Abandon. I berme nem which mum sem lon,
but swot mason your friends, sod die hands arm themies.,
I meld have an sasechelor whisk, hem deg to day, sad hoer to beer,
meld essing with the mob agdost Wiles illegal
I Ma be m k
that is boa tunic e[ pavessing ism is by having as=
des in Dubils,thet will be imaresidissabstiag k them If, for
mese. we shoal lids have as modellso teemed before we
can km seas /mimes who will p dews to the mom and duet 1
themeless to puts seep to illegal meologs. Ms. Finn, be instance,
will pa down to Kilkenny.
Mr. IL Coresuen —And I AI. with *sem, go down to Are
at. Came cv—And I will go to Wrefeed.
Mr. heume—l shall feel mynah Omni to p wherever the meek-
des think my services most usefuL I pledge myself that it wee through
my means the county Limerick was usactillised i let the Government
take that feet with them.
Mr. O'Cowitzw. continued—Ts the power of all pemodons, all
weeds, and all podia, our members would Mims their assusautts s
and thee would the carastry be Issaquillised, without he coeds, the
Omanseee guinea.
Mr. J. At one
. Cssaw stated that he had just roomed hos the eons-
des et Carlow sad Kilkenny, whim several gendemen had expressed
their assist) kr the visits of the pseifyieg agitators, as soon ss pos.
sib]., se usage" is the country. He heard of a meeting of twenty
themes& sea baying taken place at Ferungh, es Wedgy
. LOA= aloe mode a ley obeervadoes, and beedol in the
subMrscripdes M
eta Iles. Sullivan, a Teepectable lady, who add she would
get My sehearthere to the new society as soon as it was teemed.
The Chaim said be feit plasm in submitting he the oblides of
the smoky the resolution, which bed been ae wisely and eloquently
=by Mr. O'Connell ; he estertained no doubt but the eserdthe
item of the new association mild send to preserve the public
esegollgaiheyblie at the lame dem ft would mem the awed sod in.
slim* of peddeeing ;it wield be the mos egoists and ors.
cord, ma zef public opinim, bathes he he primal object, of
come, the et the Union, as abject es simpistest ft the best bo-
oms of sod which imply idiom the beim end booms
of every libmen. He then pet the reselathme, wildi woe unapt.
1 moody carried.
Two days ohm the pesdemitssas=l, Adds eppeeeed In the
STAIII he =y• feelibling the
In the Mr. Olhemell bed dr alaterriliteesof which the
following is a lamp, Nobel Nevi mauler and motendo e...
" Ist.
Yes ire Rale us %Mir Oath, thy
libel oath at you ere liable to this pad% whether
the ask be es a cur set—or windier se sot the aegispoott be by
smithg or not—es that a mere Mega declaration, witheet Mb or
swemisg, is in itself punishable try winipselados.
" idly. It yes do asy ass ad is pthessess ef meth meth of swop
mot. yea ere liable to be smeleteld a solid /dray, and to be hoed.
"De deseethre, Moth peseedess AM yes ca escape. If yes
condone to ray AIM web, e yes sew Babb, at die doer, m
amobly Sok pills. wids death.
=urell thine missies at sues—ohmass them fee eves...tebe
my honest and odisedcoste SitieS, and give up these eneenbb lab's
societies be ever.
" The feet omen T nth you to give up the ribbon societies or lodges
b bosom yes are, by aedng as members et any cued thou, liable to
be hanged, or at ken transported, the beaming is any am of them.
" The wend teases wary I tegsbe yes is Ink these lodges is, he.
muse the esth you have Wm, or may take, beteg Megel and sumo.
wary, or worse, Is, in its astute, a perjury ; and you incur all the
Pik et Polio,*
" The TRIM) mason why I ask yes to abandon them fee ever is, he.
cause they are es foolish as they are wicked I they are, indeed, ems&
ingly dgy. There have been, tee massy many yeers, secret made@ et
miens kinds in Ireland g but never any one that did the least geed se
the peejslis we to the country.
" The rouses reams why those societies should cease is, biases
we are now is a fair way to repeal the Union, and thereby se plows@
wages tee the !absents, employment the the artisans, and limy sad
comber fa an arm How oxeyes be so coral as so prems es boo
attaising all those Wiliam, fee the people t There is nothing es yes•
vest oar semeding bat is Mess of Ss ethisemen.
*The lit reason why yea sent
abodes these midis is, became
they ate almost exclusively Oohs's. The oesageoss are as low
our seessies. We have succeeded is &spatial contest. Then is no
longer any muse of quarrel bowies es.
" 1 bitterly and pointedly modem dae ribbon sesiedes he
amongst other reams, that they are cielated to keep up diseenabse
and division between the eremeems and is Catholics.
" The Inglish writers who &dm to keep the pawls sr Lied is
misery and slavery. me eXClaillgYlitS Of legidatibtlizianquini
between the Catholics and is Now the sins
assidisg these base Esgthth m beep peer and wreteheL The
greeted enemy to Imbed le a dames.
Gs Remember I prohibit is..l, who have struggled all my life for
the people of helsed...l pesslis the ribbennten as the pelmets the
vilest. the most bola and the meet detestable enemies et Iminl,
unless they will sow, sad at ma, ad for ever, give up
use
ells.
bealsen, and make friends with their conatryeses of envy sem and
pedession.
every man who thinks me honest relinquish ribbonion ; let
every man who thinks that I am sincerely desirous of giving prosperity
and freedom to Ireland give up ribbonbes : let me have the comfort
sad delight to think that i have put an end to these ribbed societies for
ever."
[The documents will enable the readers of the Sean to judge /die
questions between the Ourirosaeut and the Anti-Union Parri.l
MA AALIID.—At lk.
er Owe, Church, Little et Ban view,
=bDowridanal4Esq. t• bik. &mew of thJ. e Iler. J, . ilenyttlevartzt.
la the ewe coney.—AtAnim Animism, V. Y
Eel. of Lower Menstnemet, Dublin, to Cathodes thally, mod
Capt.
deregtear et J. Wax Ilesk 11. D. of Chimthem--At Onede.Hde
Clmseh, A. *,
E. N. to Sophia, ingleser of the Rev. 7
Modder, ckville, dersnq Cotic—.l. P. Phipps, Eq. of Cesig, la the
Corkßo, to Bedew With, dough * ef the bie J. 041,11, Esq et
dist .
DI Donis Omega, Iliesbeth, IMO of the late Joseph
Ereesdbld, liwk—ln limik, Lissome 'Maas Wica.—Philp
MIK SwF Porkier of the Media hirey, Lisserick.—ln Lkao•
risk Illse. Smyth. relict et J. they* Reqat. Henry. widow of the
fits ILlesteassuCelesel Henry.—At Phlhebessegh, Mrs. Matiall,
with of the Rev.Willimn Marshall, Ime et lallog Ilt Charisma-
dew. Thesdesis, wife of Jews ilmosthilms- -.llsat, wife of
damsel Cochrane. Esq. et Da negilia.—At Eillonny, the Rev. Mar.
du Magee, Catholic Caste of St. John's, at the premium tie of 311
peen. The number of his tellownielems (weoriag emits sad Wei),
sal the Mem& ihneed boo a sessessies es Toesiy, tally mei.
, rata the reMtlete Bed mot"' Ale to this sum*" "I "1"81
1 dowses.
