MR. SECRETARY CANNING.

Thursday, the Right Hon. Gentleman, accompaniel
by Lord HOWARD DE WALDEN, Sir S. BRUCE, ti c
LORD MAYOR, &c. visited • the Foundling tiospitAl,
James-street, every part of which he inspected ru,s,-,
minutely. The Right Hon. Gentleman witnessed the
children (about twelve hundred) at dinner, and seemed
much surprised when he was informed that there sere
upwards of six thousand at nurse, exclusive of what
was then present, and that in such an institution there
should be upwards of seven thousand children withoat
acknowledged parent. From thence he proceeded
to the Richmond Penitentiary, Circular-road. The
good order, regularity, and industry that pervaded this
establishment, struck him most forcibly. After which
he visited the Post-office. He particularly inspected
all the departments. The RiAlit• Hon. Gentleman hay-
ing expressed a wish to see the manner in which the
Mails were made up, a number of the clerks were im-
mediately summoned, and the receiver being opened,
the whole process was gone through, with which Mr. Se.
crctary CANNING seemed highly gratified. He subse-
quently pat took of a splendid dejeune provided by Sir
EDWARD LEES. The Right Honourable Gentleman re-
turned to the Viceregal Lodge, where a select party were
assembled to meet him at the table of the LORD LIEU-
TENANT. Friday, Mr. Secretary CANNING proceeded
with the LORD LIEUTENANT, who was accompanied by
his suite, and escorted by a guard of honour, to Mala-
hide Castle, on a visit to Colonel TALE and partook
of an elegant entertainment. This day, the Noble Mar-
quis and Mr. Secretary CANNING were to confer a simi-
lar honour on the Duke of
,LElNsrza, at his seat at Car-
ton. Mr. Secretary CANNING has not been in Dublin tia
now since he was eighteen years of age ; and the im-
provements and alterations which have been made itt
this city during that interval have excited his surprise
and admiration. To-morrow is fixed, we understand, tor
the departureof the Right Hon. Gentleman for England.

WKST INDIA. SLAVgItY.

LETTER IL
TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

Srft—an my last letter, I offered to the Public a brief
analysis of the criticisms of ANOLUS upon the Trinidad
Order in Council, and I. think conclusively demon-
strated that ANGLUS had very little accurate informa-
tion with respect to the facts of the case upon which he
is giving a judgment. -Leaving, however, to ANGLUS
the task of reconciling to himself this errdeavour to in-
fluence public opinion upon a question, concerning the
real nature of which he was himself ignorant, I now
propose to-redeem the pledge which I had given of ad-
i,erting to those other points which Asows appears to
have stated or reasoned upon erroneously.
• The article in the Quarterly Review has the appear-
ance of being a defence of the measures which Govern-
Ment have adopted upon this most delicate subject of
West India Slavery, and containing a commentary upon
the Order in Council and the ptobable effect of its ope-
iation ; the article also examines, at some length, the
-question Of the relative value of free and slave labour in
the West Indies, and enforces the necessity of that part
of the subject being completely understood before any
additional or more decisive measures than those already
adopted should be carried into effect by the Govern-
ment. A writer in the British and Colonial Weekly Re-
gister, adopting the same line of argument as ANGLus,
observes—" We agree with the Reviewer in considering
that the question, whetherfree labour is more profitable
than that of Slave, ? is the true debateable ground
upon which the arguments of both parties. if we
must so speak, the Abolitionists and the Planters,
" should encriunter;" and ANGLUS does not appear ma-
terially to dissent from this proposition, though it is not
Perhaps stated with equal distinctness. This material
point, then, being established, I must beg to refer my
Readers to the remarksin that part of the article in
the Quarterly Review, which relate to this compara-
tively new and untried question, and it will be time
enough to eater upon the consideration of the remarks
of ANOLUS upon the free labour question, in subse-
quent letters; but, in the meanwhile, it is important to
observe, that the reasoners upon West India Slavery
questions may be divided into three classes—the Ultra
Abolitionists, who complain that Government have
done little or nothing—The Ultra Colonists, who accuse
Government of having done infinitely too much—and a
third party, which may be said to comprise both the Go-
vernment and the House of Commons, who have steered
a middle course. The Government having acted iu obe-
dience to the unanimous resolutions of the House of
Commons, and the House of Commons, in passing those
zesolutions, having acted in obedience to the declared
wishes of the country. ANGLUS takes the field as an
Ultra-Abolitionist; and having thus detailed the nature
of the parties, and of the contest betweenthem, I now
proceed in the examination of the reasonings and ob-
servations of ANGLUS.
ANGLUS states, that the Reviewer has " given the
sanction of his authority to the delusive statement that
the Island of St.' Vincent had discontinued the practice
of flogging *omen, and driving the negroes in the
eld. It is singular enough, that -ANGLUS should have
quarrelled at once with an argument on his own side.
The Review states, that in some Colonies, the discon-
tinuance of the stimulus of the whip in the field, and of
the punishment of thefemale Slaves under any circum-
stances, by flogging, were protested against, as mea-
sures incompatible with a state of slavery, and the
necessary authority of the masters over their Slaves
—that in other Colonies those innovations did not
appear to create any alarm, and then adds, that "in
the Address of the Island of St. Vincent it is ob-
served that those practices had been virtually disconti-
trued, and the Government are reproached with their
ignorance of the fact." Where, then, is the sanction
given by the Reviewer of this statement, whether de-
lusive or not delusive? With respect to the fact itself,
not one word of confirmation is stated. It was evidently
introduced in the Review, to shew that there were per-
sons in the West Indies possessing Slaves, in whose opi-
nion the abandonment of the practices referred to was
compatible with a state of slavery, and with the autho-
rity of the masters. ANGLUS does not perceive that the
argument was againit those who protested against the
measures of Government, which measures had directed
the omission of those practices; and ANGLUS does
.00t
perceive that whether the fact of the discontinuance of
the whip in St. Vincent be confirmed or not, the argu-
ment of those who advanced it, was valid as to their
own opinion, that the whip was not necessary.
ANGLUs, in his Second Letter, says " lie agrees with
the Rc-oietver, that the resistance of many of the IVest
Admits to the measures now pursuing for the mitigation
and extinction of Skivvy, is produced more by a d,cad
of their loss of property, than by their abstract love of
Slavery." Soon afterwards, however, he asks, "But is
this borne out byfacts ?" If so," continues A NGLUS,
"how happens it, that, as far as we know, all the great
West India Proprietors resident in this country, pos-
sessing, probably, seven-eighths of the Stigar Estates,
should have concurred in Mr. Canning's Resolutions.'
The obvious answer to this question is to be fottnd in''
the 3d Resolution, proposed by Mr. Cannitig; and passed
by the House of Commons, which promises and guaran-
tees I, a fair and equitable consideration of the Interests
of all Parties concerned therein." Does it afford any
reasonable ground of surprise that the Colonists.resid-
ing in England, whatever may be their proportion as
Proprietors of Sugar Estates, should rely on the good
faith of the House of Commons, to afford them a fair
and equitable compensation, should they really sustain
loss by the measures taken to improve the condition of,
the Slaves ?
But, continues ANotars, " the clamour raised against
them (the Resolutions) has proceeded chiefly from men
of little or no property, many of whom are the salaried
servants of those very proprietors ;" and he concludes by
observing, "it is evident, therefore, that in attributing
the resistance to reform to a dread of the loss of pro-
perty as its cause, the Reviewer takes but a very partial
and inadequate view of the subject," dec. •
If ANGLUS means by men of no property persons
who have no inteie.t in the question, then it may be
admitted that the interference of such persons is mis-
placed. But what is meant by the clamours of persons
of small property ? If these are clamor ous, it is bet ause

• It is particu►atly swore,. .0 refer the reader to the view taken
of this branch of the subject, by the Author of the article in the
a•itieth Number of the flea► trig &view.

tey*aeinjery; and is the extent -of a'mas's ptiaptrty
to constitute the measure of his claims to justice or pro-
. tection ? and if not,.why isahe small proprietor lessen-
titled than those more largely endowed, to state. fairly
and temperately his claims? But let me ask, are these
clamorous individuals, who are Slave Proprietors,
really of such low relative importance, when compared
with the proprietors of-Abe soil resident in England
The question is, do they or do they not possess slaves
to. any considerable amount? We should infer, cer-
tainly not, from the manner in which AxoLus treats
their clamours. Let us then examine, as an instance, the
proportions in one of the principal West India Islands.
In a Report of a Committee of the Council of Bar-
badoes, dated the 22d of July, 1823, it is stated, on the
credit of an Official Return from the freasurer's Office,
where every slave and every acre of land are annually
given in, for the purpose of being taxed, that there are
5206 Owners of Slaves in that Island; that of this num-
ber 1535 are Owners of land, as well as of Slaves, that
the remaining 3671 Owners of Slaves have no land
at all! Is ANGI us surprised that this latter class,
these Owners of Slaves only, should feell something like
an interest in a question which concerns their light of
property in Slaves being abridged ? Does he not think
it possible that if those persons could be satisfied that
the value of their property should not be in any degree
deteriorated, or, if such deterioration did take place,
that they should receive full compensation, that they
might not be so clamorous as they have been, or have
shewn their fears and apprehensions in so infamous and
unjustifiable a manner as the demolition of the Metho-
dist Chapel in that Col soy. lam not to be understood
as arguing that the consideration of this peculiar class
of persons should interfere with those general measures
which affect the Proprietors of land as well as the
Slaves—the case of that peculiar class may be made a
special one; but I am endeavouring to sheer, in contra.
diction to ANGLUS, that the dread of the loss of property
may be considered as the most active cause of their re-
sistance, and their insubordination.

Neither did the Reviewer ever assign this alarm as
the sole cause of the resistance of the West Indians; he
merely stated that which must be obvious to the most
superficial observer, that it is not the love of slavery,
replete as it is with dangers to themselves, which cha-
racterizes the proceedings or the sentiments of the West
Indian Colonists; but that it is the dread of the loss of
property—an instinctive anxiety for the preservation of
life—the fear of an experiment involving a radical
change, which may lead to results not contemplated by
its promoters, whose habitual modes of thinking, and
means of information, however benevolent their inten-
tions, may not have rendered them competent to antici-
pate. The Colonists do not deny that Slavery is an
evil.—No; but they assert that it is an evil, created not
by themselves nor for their separate interests, but by
the mother country, and for national purposes ; and
therefore before they co-operate with this country in re-
tracing its steps, they would stipulate that they should
not be made to pay the penalty of tuin for errors in which
they had no participation, and for which they ought not
to he held responsible.
This is the tone of, feeling which the Reviewer has
pourtrayed : and can it be doubted but that feelings of
this description must act as a powerfully exciting cause
of resistance on the part of the planters to those reforms
which are the objects of their alarm ? Let not this, how-
ever, be interpreted as any attempt at apology for their
misconduct. I am disposed to regret, not less than
A rictus, that acts of violence have been committed, f
which there can be no apology ; and above all, it is to
be deplored, that in the Colony to which I have particu-
larly referred, so unanimous a sentiment has prevailed,
that a highly flagrant act of unlicensed outrage has been
committed with impunity, instead of entailing upon the
offenders most condign and summary punishment.
ANOLU3 has thought proper to refer incidentally to
what he considers the dangers of the course which Parlia-
ment and Government have followed, in trusting to the
Colonial Legislatures to effect the necessary reforms;
and, of course, by implication, he would also censure
the Government and Parliament for not setting aside
the powers of the Colonial Assemblies, and imposing at
once, by legislative interference, the provisions of the
Order in Council, or rather it is to be supposed, provi-
sions of much gi e rter extent—for he bittterly inveighs
against the moderation of the Order in Council.
This part of the subject is fully discussed in the Review ;'
and I am induced to notice the observations of Azonvs
more for the purpose of keeping in view his principles,
than with any intention of here entering upon the
merits of a question which he only ventures to deal
with, by insinuation, and cal which Parliament
have hitherto tacitly, though unanimously, come
to so wise a conclusion. The Parliament of this
country will never have the insanity to look merely at
the end, without any consideration of the means or con-
sequences; and I feel a most satisfactory confidence,
that however deliberately, firmly, and permanently,
Parliament may contemplate the ultimate extinction of
Slavery as their end, they will only do so with a cau-
tious reference to its accomplishment, " with a fair and
equitable consideration of the interests of all parties
concerned therein."— I am, Sir, your obedient and
humble servant,

VINDEX.

The new bnilding for St. Paul's School, the walls and
elevation of which are nearly completed, is a very handsome struc-
ture, and will be a considerable addition to the public bui:dings of
the City.
Although Mr. Eu.trrota does not intend to produce
Der Frei&huts at Drury-Lane Theatre; he is preparing for repre-
sentation another Opera, by Wilma, upon a scale of great expense. •
Miss Simms, Blum**, and Sam, are to sustain the principal
characters.
SAD OCCURRENCE.—It is Often the practice of the
Margate visitors to sail from thence to the little village
of Herne Bay, distant a few miles, to perambulate the
extensive and pleasant hills which abound in that neigh-
bourhood. During one of these excursions, on Thurs-
day last, when a large party was making the Bay, and
I the vessel cleaving the " liquid way" at a rapid pace,
suddenly an elderly Gentleman, :son of the celebrated
Dr. BUCH AN, author of a Treatise on Domestic :'Medicine,
fell from the stern of the boat into the briny element.'
No sooner was the accident perceived than the helms-
man, with considerable skill, made an almost instant
tack, and gained the object of his anxiety just in time to
save him. It appeared the venerable Gentleman could
swim a little; and fortunately, • having a great coat of
an impervious testure, it assisted in preserving him
buoyant. He was immediately taken to the Ship Inn,'
where, with the usual restoratives, his life was with dif•
ficulty preserved. The fright, however, produced by
the catastrophe had the effect of depriving him of his
reason; and, after remaining two days in a sfateof uuer
aberration, he was conveyed to his friends at Margate
, la a hopeless state.

MR. OWEN, OF LAWARK.
Ur. Owen sets off to-day for Derby, on his way to
Liverpcol, to embark for the United States, He goes
for the express purpose of treating for the purchase of
Rapp's celebrated settlement of Harmony, including all
the landed property and buildings upon it. The pro-
perty contains more than 20,000 acres, 3000 of which
arc already under cultivation. About 1000 acres more
are rich meadow land, on the banks of the Wabash.—
His object is to erect communities upon it, similar to the
plan to be put in execution at Motherwell. The colony
is situated upon the southern extremity of the State of
New Indiana. The site for Mr. Owen's new establish-
ment at Motherwell is fixed. It is to be a square, each
wing of which will be one thousand feet long, and the
whole covers about 23 English acres. The quantity
of ground bought from Mr. Hamilton, of balzell, is
five hundred and twenty-six Scots acres, and cost from
27,0001. to 30,0004 A part of the land is inferior,
froni want of cultivation, butit is all highly improvable.
—The delay in commencing building is owing to some
important improvements having taken place on the
original plans. As soon as the plans are fixed on, the
preparatory steps of quarrying, making sewers, digging
the foundation, &c. will begin. It is calculated that
the grand square or parallelogram, with all the cook-
ing-apparatus, will cost above 100,0001. Each side of
the square will contain about 500 people, making about
2,000 altogether. The principal improvement in the
new plan is, that each side of the square, as it is com-
pleted, will be ready for the inhabitants, and no delay
take place in putting the new scheme of society into full
operation, while the other wings are in progress. • Each
side of the square is to have a public kitchen, two din-
ing rooms, and a public-room. In the inside of the
square there will be two octagonal buildings, with two
hot and two cold baths on each side, for the use of
both sexes.

Those tradesmen that enter the community are to
have the same rate of wages as are general in the country.
A managing committee is to fix the rate of wages, and-
the proportion that the members shall have it in their
power to draw, which includes the value of their food
and clothing. A certain proportion of the wages of
every individual is to be retained and placed to their
credit as community stock in the books of the corn.
munity. This surplus will be applied to
.repay the
purchase money and the cost of the buildings. The
agricultural operations meantime are going briskly for-
ward, and a considerable quantity of land has been
im proved. The improvements will be greatly extended
in the spring by the trenching and laying out of the
gt ound. The brick-making was commenced this year
principally for the purpose of ascertaining the quality
of the soil; and about 3)0,000 bricVs have been sold, as
they were not required for the establishment. A good
moulder will make 4000 bricks a-day ; or from
400,0000 to 500,00 daring the working season. Hence
we may calculate the enormous quantity of bricks made
around this city in the year.
