HOUSE OF COMMONS, Nov. 10.

Several members were sworn and took their seats.
Mr. Parkhouse presented at the bar the Sixteenth Report of the TAa.
Jose Commissioners. Ordered to lie on the table and be priat.d.

Mr. DENMAN presented sixty.seven petitions from Congregations
in Nottingham and places in the county of Nottingham, for the abo;i-
don of slavery in the Colonies.
Sr J. CORNEGY presented a petition from Aberdeen, for the ioo-
lidon of negro slavery.
Mr. 0. PONSONBY presented three petitions from Youghall,
the county of Cork, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. HODSON presented nine similar petitions from Hull.
Mr. t►. (JOKE presented a similar petition from Carnarvon.
Mr. FOLEY presented a similar petition front Swurport.
Lord F. OSBORNE presented a similar petition from Wisbeaelt.
Mr. J. BROUGHAM presented two similar petitions from congre-
gations in Wilts.
Mr. C. WY NN presented two similar petitions from places in Mont.
gomeryshire.
Mr FORRESTER presented a similar petition from Busch y,
Mr. BRISCOE presented eighteen similar petitions from concp,;,::.
dons in Surrey and Kent.

Mr. ADE iN presented eight similar petitions from congregations in
Cambridgeshire.
Sir E. KNATCIIBULL presented a similar poi:ion iron Margate.
Mr. Alderman WAITIISIAN mov‘d fur a return of the exports of
British manufactures and colonial produce since 1800. with the dic4tred
and official value.

The SPEAKER suggested that the returns were n.atle lase Sends r.,
and the lion. Alderman changed his motion to one for re-printing the
returns, which was agreed to.
Mr. Alderman \VAITIIMAN gave notice, that after the Christmas
recess he should move for the repeal of the Assessed Taxes: and would
also move that the house should take the state of the poor into consitit r.
at ion.

Mr. BROITGRAM said there was an understanding ilia' a minis'er
should be in the boon at half.past three o'clock, it was now near fear,
end no aiinister present. Who would present petitions on the i,.thj.c:
11 Reform or Slavery in the absence of a minister ?
Sir It. PEEL came in soon after, and said he was surprised that a
complaint should be made in his aliscnce that he was not present in the
house, though it was not yet tour o'clock. Who that knew the of
the town last night lint must know that the Secretary of Sate might
have business in his office that must urevc:it his ;Minding at in tariicr
hour in that house? besides which his Marsty held a lever etat day, at
which it was his duty to attend, i:rid he hail ►eu iviel his majesty's Icra-
cious permission to leave the levee b, fore the usual time. for iht I ail use
of attending in that house.
Mr. 131tOUGHA 31 said he did not require the presence of vie a
hon. gentleman, any minister would do. The ►ta:e of the man last
night was referred to as a reason for the absence of the ri,i;t bon. gen.
tlenian ; he could say that he passed through the crowd at eincriag_
cross, and never saw a more peaceable good.huinoured crowd has lite.
It was evident that no riot was expected, as number.' of wed ilitsse3
women wine walking with their busbatals, scris,and brothers. evidently
expecting torte illuminations.
Mr. W. WHIT3IORE presented a petition from Kidi:ermirmiet
against colonial slavery.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH presented s similar pait.on tram inicisters
anti delegates of the three detioniir.ations of dissititers.
Mr. GEORGR ROBINS presented a similar petition fo m thi Viii.
tartan Christian., of Northampton.
Nlt. JOHN WOOD presented thrce similar petitions from places in
Lancashire.

Mr. STEWART presented ten eimibu pctitions irrin places in
Bcdtordshire.

Admiral 30THERON presented a similar petition from a congre-
gation in Nottinghiun.
Mr. HUGHES presented a similar petition from 300 respeemble fe-
males in Oxford.

Mr. BEAUNIONT resealed four similar petitions from congrega-
tion* in Northumberland.

Mr. WILKES presented a similar pelttioa from dissenting court.
patens in Shaftesbury.
bir JAMES GRAHAM gave were that on the 9d of Dee. be vomit'
submit a motion on the subject ti the peti:ius pn scatted by the parish of

I

f

I. t•

. •
f..npr,\•our:ty of Durham, respecting the :.ppoitttment of Dr. Phil-
potcs alt see of Exeter. The hon. gentleman preset red 211 petitions
from Cumberland and Westmereland against Colonial Slavery.
Mr. BEA U MON f ;aid a great reritetnent was caused in the parish
tit Stanisope, the tithes of which amounted to 4,0001. a year. by the
npreliasion that it would continue to be held by the Bishop of Exeter.
ilaarkhed to ask the Secretary of State whether that was intended.
Sir R. PEEL said the livirg had been held with a bishoprick before.
and he believed it was so intended in the present instance. (Loud Grits
el Hear from the Opposition.)
S,r J. GRAHAM said, in consequence of the answer given by the
right hon. gentleman he would vary his motion, and give notice of an
*tittles to his Majesty on the subject. (Loud cheering.)
le sl BELGRA WE presented two petitions from congregations in
tiksfield, fur the abolition of negro slavery.
Mr. HUM E presented ► petition from the parish of Marylebone for
afreituctian of taxation and for parliamentary refwm. They complained
that the majority of the house were returned by the undue influence of
pttrs,and other wealthy persons.and the treuury that they had no hope
of redress till the monopoly in the mani,facture of member: of parliament
was removed. ( A laugh.) He was delighted to find the voice of the
country raised to procure the abolition of that monopoly, which had
',aught England into its present unnatural state, where wealth and
luxury. beyond what was ever known in any other country, were seen,
on the one hand; and the extreme of misery on the other. The taxes
et !Ms country were beyond an" ever known in any other country in
the world. The ministry hod made tip their minds not to afford relief
nr ret;n-m—at least, the noble duke at the head of the government had said
none should take place in his time ; he could only say, Gots grant that
his time may be short. --Discontent existed in the cenntry, and he
hoped those who now possessed the power of government would not
drive it further. It was evident, front what the right hon. gentleman
had so cooly said of Dr. Philpott's holding his parish of 4,0001. a-
year with his Bishoprick, that no robin in the Church was intended.
The biome should take the question of reform into their hands, as they
could hope for welting front ministers. If they could make the neees.
sat y reform, they could reduce the taxes seven or eight millions. They
might do more, the corn laws pressed to the extent of ten or twelve
millions on the people, and did not benefit the landlords one million.
I:either relief might be given by transferring seven or eight millions from
the industry of the country to capital. In this way relief to the extent
of twe'ty.lit•e millions might be given in a single session, employ-
tne7t greatly increased. and the poor rates greatly diminished. As mi.
nisters refused all relief, he hoped the house would compel them to re-
tire from their plates.
