• .

. *

, II .

I.

;tate would consent to such a
L House he surprised at the
so frequently manifested?
excited by some seditious per-
,s of those people arose chiefly
they had work, and if they
'contents would vanish. The
arhood of .ManchesterN when
'lag of the 16th .of August,
lei,al Meeting; they believed
Magistrates was illegal ; that
igh treason was illegal; that
mended ; that the conduct of
; that the conduct of the Ma-
, who refused to take deposi-
these things they believed to
ever excited more discontent
-efusal of that House to.enter
these things. He tould not
these thingsohe had observed
eness growing up among the
Alancliester—(Hear, 'hear).—
; History, said, that gentle as
Hampden, it was turned into
the attack made upon him by
erved to illustrate the fact he
ved that great numbers of per.
vere now supplying themselves
a state of most alarming dis-
,n aniirty for labour, not only
to purchase arms. Ever since
h of August,• there was a sul-
ence prevailing- among them.
spies and informers, was an-
tat irritated theta to a hostile
iovernment. He knew that a
mation sent up to the Govern-
spies and informers. A great
Lhich lie alluded was the man-
ates were appointed, and the
iced to fill the offices of Magis-
it it would be highly expedient
something like an improved
to the place. The first object,
ished to impress on the House,
inquiry into the whole state of
stern of the country. Whether
d by any plan of relief, he had
till something might be *done.
4 undertaken by Government,
you'd be to give relief to these
t be employed on roads and
many absurd laws against Emi-
aught to be repealed ; and every
t get a living should be allowed'
f. Ample means might be found
iigrate, whose loss would be a
y, while they might become use.
ish settlements in different parts
is sure that all who wished prow
ssed country, would agree with
,ad 'for its object peace and hoer
war and destruction. He-ccsa.
that a Select Committee be ap.-I
:o the state of our Manufactures.
EAG H observed there was hard*
e stated to excitopainful fedi.
which the Hon. Gentleman had
1 on this occasiod t. and that no.
ar to -defeat theobject which the
man professed to have in view,
conduct. If his object was, to
syment to the distressed, he asked,
done by the Government ? There
cumstanceof an angry nature to
d history of any place, which the,
man had not mixed in his speech,
was proposing the appointment
inquire into all the topics to which
as it fit that the House could con-.
e a trust which had 'never been
nittee before ? No business of such
is this had ever before been left to-,
mmittee. If, after the variety ot!
)duced into his speech, the H 08111)
ction to:a Committee; how coal'
'topics 7 How could-the Commit-
isideration of them from the main
Miry? If the fatti which the Ho-
n had stated, respecting Oritnge-
vi'coald the'evil be diminished by
respecting it before is Committee
ithing could be more Calculated to
than that of bringing dne party
lother before the Committee up
ng into the inquiry alt the ingre-
id to establish confusion and agia
thing less than an atteMpt, by a
Ise whole of the businest, which the
ly decided, by its vote) that there
Jr entering into. On thin grounds,
t Motion that could Only tend to
and local grievances.•
denied that his Honourable Friend
!t• of going into astieveltigatiots of
levances that had be lb
its object 'was to inquire into%
irtunes of the cot ; but it was
nto have stated the d carry mind
. adverting to the sifting state 'di
arts. He thought* ins eernwton deb
o::gbt not to separate before the
without making same inquiry into
to of distress which sts many shows
ader—even if that inquiry itdtdd not
ices relief. • The distress of the ow,
es arose chiefly from the diminished
;a markets ; but a certain portion of
I among all people. There was a
;u:et, and order at this time in the
,stricts, where the people were in a
and if this state of things was not
re would be an end to the manufae.
Lary. One great cause of their mi.
;nose demagogues, or rather fiends—.
r)—who went about inflaming their
,1; them that a want of Radical ROI
use of all their sufferings. In most
the picture of that Cikarlaten, Hunt,
I he was held up to the people as the
s to bring about a state of things
sieve them from all their distresses.
a moderate Reformer, but nothing
mid result from such Reforms as we,e
o the people; and when the present
I represented as the taus* of she de-

Pri"
Win

in •.-
landholder.
hintielfhall
die'

I

.

.

... - .

•
•
•
• •
--•.•stm.•

pression of minnfactates,'the persons holding out that Nation to such a height of renown-I:,(Ther, hair, hear).
language ought• to recollect that it was under the They would then be no lonleresaid Constitution
m
deluded by thole iti-
Parliament, as at present constituted, thitibe menu- nempt demagogu who, with th
facture, of the country had flourished in the way in their °tilt s, cherished wishedthe deepest hatred of it in
they did. There was not a papartOf she world, from their hearts—(Hear, hear!)—men. who taught them
Cape Horn to Baffin's Bay, in which our manufactures to despise every moral duty which was connected
were not purchased, and under a system of better re- with their security here and their happiness hereafter.
gulations, and permanent tranquillity, he had no He wished also-that they had heard, from his Hon.
doubt but there would be a sufficient demand in Friend, that awful truth; that if the discontents al-
other countries for all our manufactures. He did not ready existing, continued and proceeded much fur-
approve of holding out the idea that the wealthy ther, commerce, with all her attendant blessings,
people,i in the manufacturing districts, were the one- would quit the country. Every considerate mind
tes of the poor labouring manufacturers. It was would, necessarily, be alarmed, capital would be re-
quite the reverse, for these were the persons whn moved,' and England would ' cease to wear her
gave them employment—( Hear, hear). These were proudest distinction among the nations, that of corn-
the persons whosupported them; in consrquence,how- mercial greatness, as Venice and the Hanle Towns
ever, of the unhappy state of anarchy that prevailed had done in past ages=(Cries of hear, hear, hear).—
in the manufacturing districts, these, and many ether He agreed that part of the distresses proceeded from
wealthy persons, were now going away from the the state of the currency, and the suggestions thrown'
places whose prosperity they hitherto upheld-(Hear) out for alleviating them deseried consideration. But
Tey were investing their capitals in foreign funds; one thing he would impress on the House: he hoped
some were even adopting plans of emigration, and a that if ever any political circumstances should occur
sort of general feeling, of move pti peat, seemed to which -might seem to call fora war, the House would
prevail among them all. He was not prepared to remember the state into which the. country 'was
recommend any particular measures for the relief of thrown by the circumstances 'which had occurred,
those distresses which prevailed among the People.— and which were the result of the late war,-(Hear).
Goo forbid that he should not feel for them • the It chewed the moral order, and the great principle on
strongest sympathy, and if any thing in. the way of whit+ the Rutin of the UNIVENOR regulated all
contribution was proposed, if it was suggested that things for virtue and happiness. It provedas clearly
one or two millions of money- should be granted as it could be proved, that. war ,
was productive of
for the alleviation of the miseries complained of, he mischief and misery, just as every other invasion of
would be the last man in that Horne to refuse his as- the rights 'of man inflicted injuries upon the invader
igent to it—(Hear!)—.Grants were, he believed, Made as well as the invaded—Gear, hear I)• It was in-
by the House before in eligencies of less import- cumbent on the Mouse to quell those persons who
ante ; he would not -say how far such a measure 'had been going about deluding and dintroying where&
might be efficient; indeed, when' one tame to din- ever they went. .The House -should quell dtem, or
sider it in detail, be would not be inclined 'to raped, they *mild destroy the House itself, and the friends
much permanent good from a measure of that de- 'of other would soon have to lament and weep over a
scription--(1/ear!)—There was anothersubjectwhich country which had. been so' eminently bleated by
he also thought was attended with no inconsiderable 'Haavait—fCriet of Meier, bear): •
difficulty. He meant the expediency of Parliamena i- Mt PHILLIPS was-glad to see that one goad ef-
laity interference with the general, state of waged.— feet, at least, was likely to fellow from the observe-
He would not go so . far as to say, that the Le- tions of his Honourable Friend (Mr. Bennet), namely,
gislature ought to abstain altogether from , ten- the suppresion ofOrange Societies. Such, herlioped,
templating the subject, - and though •he ~was once would be the consequence of the expression of the
of a different opinion, yet thee were some antra- opinion of-the Honourable Gentleman '(Mr. B.' Wit-
ordinary circumstances in this case, 'which would braham). • Tho -Honourable Gentleman then pro;
induce him at least-to go into art inquiry—(Hear 1) tended to support the motion,. believing that a Com-
rTbe state of the wages was intimately 'connected with mittee would tend rather to calm discontent than to
the Poor Laws; in truth, it was this connection,' or inflame It. i
Lather the Poor Laws themselves, that involved the Mr. S. WORTLEY said, that the appointment of a
'abject in .0 much difficulty, for they urged thecoun- Corhusittee Would -shew the People that nothing but
try into a system altogether artificifil-4411ear, hear). time cotild work oat for them any lasting good. It
The misfortunes arising from them were manifest was impoisfide to• attempt' to conciliate the Radical
from this—let it 'he sopposed, that upollthe whole, Reformers, as nothing would-satisfy them but a stir-
there were in employment 100,600 weavers, and render of the Constitution ; and that, if they should
that by some fatal occurrence-20,000 Of these were sheeted in it, •woukti do them no good. He should
suddenly deprived of occupation; the difficulty of read'to the House a few passages from a pamphlet,
finding .subsistence would not fall upon thise 20,000 .aid be die production of a Candidate for West-
only, -but would be extended to die. whole I 1 VIM; niinstee at the lait Elettitm, entitled," A Trifling
for the supply of labour becoming-More abundant, Mistake ingsord &eking's New Preface to the Second
the demand would be satisfied -upon tents more dis- ' Edition of his IlGerenei of the Whigs." One of the
advantageous to 'tit whole body. If inesi of large passages was; d'ikhat preieois the People from walk=
capitals, under such circumstances, continued their tog to the Ellmaniand-ptdling the Members but by the
forme! rates of wages,they would contend, with dis- ears, and thealooklng the aoor r—(ilasig/i)—•and
advantage to themselves, against- the melt of small agutn, * tilethltr but Mitre force will 'dorm. }ltd
capitals, who would go about the country and, pick Frarliameet."•4Hrear, • hear} Jils aalmiit tail, .0 the
up werkamo at this limiest rates possible.. Heshould House wbetlams,it was possible that men who.ls4da
be sorry so pledge himself; to any decided 'opinion, suehltiqrate; ennid be ebittilfirldlif atty.tileyet ttlices
Ist,
thought' it might be kiesirahle to' inquire at skillet she-stirten‘tor Of tliKirtitlitntfoul Vffelttr '
' ' ' Aso; 'ant i •
how far it would be practically useful to rfir.liwprEtt cenben . . the eattentgek
establish a minimum of wages--(Hear, hai).— of Parliament to the wants of the People, was a great
He would touch the subject with greit reluctance, cause of the little confidence the People had in this
b9t he was ;anxious to hear the large manufacturers House.
upon it. It was not improbable, in his minci, that the . The LORD ADVOCATE of SCOTLAND would
Currency question entered into this subject to some abstain from all exaggeration, as nothing tendedto
extent. He could net help thinking, ibat the distresses give so much encouragement to the disaffected'-"''
which 'prevailed since the peace, were more or less Much of Scotland was in iifisturbed state, anti riots"
connected withthe state if the Currency.,Upon that had taken place in Glasgow, the second city of tha
question, he admitted,' it'was right to return some Empire; ancrin Paisley, ably manufacturing dorsi
pernianent standard. A difference necessarily was ;Discontent had, not been confined to the distresse4
produced in the currency, by having that standard. ;districts. No reduction of wages had taken places
which had existed -daring. the war ; the evil coasts, vith. eesoett'fas the !pitmen, as the women coul4
I guess-cis which such a crtessrace gave rise to, could carufforoseien Shillings to twelveshilliugs per weeka,
m
. only have been ieediell by adopting a depreciated 'a ib
'land e men rota twenty to fOrty-five. shilling•
►
coinage, if such a measure could have been at all end yet that; af:isji as much discontented as the
justifiable. The most sensible result, however, was, weaveysi its 3it,, *ages a great reduction had
that 25 per cent. was adcleclso. the National Debt.-- taken pliice:. ...1 -caper? also were much disaf-
This had of itself a further consequence in increasing fected, though ;their wages were Maher than ,they
the circulating medium, and the facility of getting had ever beeo.befeSe, and, at thq same time, provl-
'money tended to increase it still more, because the ions were cheaper. Before the present reign, these
greater the facility compl#* slavery, as the'
which' atlysman had in getting men had been in a state of :e z
money at' the Banker's, the less was his necessity to could uQt leave the mines without the consent of
keep any large sum by him, and consequently the their masters, and were, in fact, Confined to them for
amount of the circulating medium became larger.— life. Their emancipation from this degraded. state
However, he should not now enter farther into the they owed to that Parliament that was new theob-
question. The Legislature adopted 'a certain line of jest of their abuse. The disaffectiOn, stases tbe *id-
conduct upon it, and as it was begun they were now die oCA'ugnst; hi& extended to Laiicaatast amo(rAr-
hound to go on with it —(1/ eat, hear). He would not shire, a part of Fifeshire, and hid evia attotd-the
say that the standard should be higher than at for- Highland!. The disaffected had forniethinsielies'
met periods; .or that the facility of gettinclorvinoney into Schools of twelve in number. Many worked,
should be lessened. Bat he could not avoid ing, at thelrloam on tbe Sabbath dayl. and at the rim in
that if the Banirof Ragland were empowered to p4y PAisley,the violence had .been directed' against- the
is silver, as well as in geld, it would afford them a ministera of rept:mit. Hi (the Lord, Advocate) hail
-material facility in misting the wishes of Parliament reciiiitialitlettmrisni the Duke 9f Iclaiintan, stating,
He hoped that the Committee which his Hon. Friend that lii-etiulsinet be answerable
_for the tranquillity
'had asked should be granted; but he hoped that it of ilk! Cower • .l..anark, without a lamer military,
would be a Commerci4, not a Political Cominittr•-r:. fisece.._ Stilt be xpbed cai the lotalty Audi:newel feel-
Ettelt a concession was essential to the subordination,' eggs of the People or ffcotlaad. When these 112.
piaci, and sedulity of the Country, though he hoped formers came among them, *ey were,* to ask, if
._ good
**the House would. not be &iris, as wa•sleislau4ed. they were PS hushinsisi..ffla Tithe", and
iihila gpostseas• ' • - were
_., not ansyreied, .
by * Honourable Member 4 so 'a choice between the men ? and when.
.Commerce and the ,Constitution of the Country, to their satisfau,,ther sensibly enough concluded,
Both. he !Fasted. would go hand in hand together; as they could not •he very well qualified to reform others,
before. He weld never despair of the •reitoratiOn of isilo had yet to *fen* therniehies--(Lostd eleserine.
order, whiter he' recollected that the morals' 'of the Mr. FLEICR-thought that:it was the duty of
.Mis
?Kyle remained :hunt—(Hoer, hear). . The evils listen, at. the preseet.alore?!4, tn set an irinisT_aal
which occiarred, such as they were, were still sorbing, foot. Upon one subject, it appearod to buss,' that
when compared with those which had taken place at comideratile:beneiteilitfe=a mado r alositfrisis
former times, and in other countries—(Haar,bet). l'arliainentary it _ ,
Mr. B. WILBRARAbi expected that much good lahoix,- this
would b donethrosghont the Coentry, by the sound. land.
' cael, and phlioeophical speech or the Honourable
' wieriosi just sat down--(Heeei bar)
Inv mast aitgaii“ of the inanufactuting dist* icts
were the WI clamorous. Some foolish people in
.4.i.erpool had assisted at an Orange procession, and
had been, in the first instance, well pelted by dm mob,
and afterwards punished by she Recorder. Far him-
self, be disapproved of all such party distinctions.
WILBE; - &so&

•


~ `Y

•

down to be distributed amongst these. people."...
What was the consequence of this ? why, the Peo.7.
pie were so grateful for this assistance, that when a .
Meeting was called by Mr. Lewis, a schoolmaster of
the town, not 200 weavets 'attended th'eie—(Hearf.
The Hon. Member added, that he learned from hi{
lleague behind him, that not a weaver at all was
there. There .was some commotion at that Meeting,
bat how would it have been if these steps had not
been taken? He belieVed himself; and he had it
from good authority, that the Special Constables, en
.:0
that day, exceeded their duty. It was his object to
bring the price of labour in Scotland on a level with
. is country. In parts of Scotland it was a fact, that
a than wilted for fifteen hours in the day, for no
more than from Ss. 6.1. to 9s. a week. After some •
remarks upon the state of our foreign commerce, he .
said, raising the price of labour w's not at all incom-
patible
with that competition which we were obliged
to keep up. It was, at least, he added,' a legitimate
object of Inquiry, for this House to see to what ex-
tent the condition of a man might be bettered( WhO _
worked fifteen hours in the day for Ss. 6d. .a week.
Taw reptoratioo bf the currency to its ancient stand-
ard increased our expenditure by twenty or thirty per
cent. and the taxation was increased also to that err-
tent. If the tax was taken off raw silk, he would
take upon himself, dui the part of his Constituents, at
say, that it would Akio a free trade with Franc .., and
he would engage that we should supply as ranch mad
isufactused silk to France as Fratice did to Us (hear).
He-would put it to the Government, if the Nation
could-go on with its present extent Of taxatidn with-
out a revulsion? It was impossible that they could
answer in the affirmative.. The truth was, that
the Government had not provided, as they iniest
have done, for the difficulties of the country; and the
consequence was, that a disposition to sedition mans u •
felted itself among- those classes- who were most'', •
pressed by those diifit'ulties. There was undeniably .
a. general slain) in the country, . ide could state, ! •
that many individuals, and among them several :No.
ble Lords, allies of the present Government, had lately .
.sold aet of the Funds of this country, and Vested there,
[mot* in those of Prance. • This was an alarmin
facti—alarming because it proceeded from those .whos •
th)
I duty it was ;ogive an example of confidence to '
(country--4Th' lionintr'uble Member sat down amid. .
.cries of hair; heakl)
Mr. PEEL wake! take this opportunity of .esplai*,',..i.
iing 'an opinion of his, addressed to the House a fear
nights ago, whiCh hadteen very much mivreptesente4
within the House. it hail been imputed to him,thae
he said that the House Of Commons should soon maki
its option between a continuance of British manufaci '
tares and of the British Constitution. He hail' said no
such thing. What lie said was this, that while per, -
sops who were wicked. enough toymake *trade of tinif
distresses of decants", wag:offered 'to go aboqt
poison* thnttfindi,oftheshinufaetnrers, hp viewed
thehnsinifittufrffirdistiicts, wish apPreliension and -
-sibtivis. He ate: .60,-*1 opetathig in those districts to
cootie treat: bat mitten; atid.ixhile these distreisest ' •
oille Medi the instrsteeeiit df tie:ling sedition, he felt
vceyteat alaiiii4theitottot oldie insferera; and raid
pink& leothrteqisefuies to the country at large. l •
did never think that the continuance of Britiskiiiark.
nufactures --wit inconsistent With the cantineanit at
the British Constitettion. green I* thought sn, t
sentiment would come with a very bad grace, aryl id
very bid time, from one - who owed all whatsoever .
advantage he possessed to the existence of those maw •
aufaCtures---(llkek, hear). He would now addres:
hbisself• to the question then before the House, and '
he regretted very much that :the subject had beeti
mixed up so much with political matter. The more
he heard thatnight, the more was he confirmed in
the opinion which he entertained when he came inki
the Howe—namely. - that it •was utterly impossible
Ut devise a .remedy for the distresses of the
annufacturint districts,(Hear, hear, httte).---4
Indeed, whatever doubt he might have had as to the
Nebriety of' inquiry, he was now convinced, by save-
of the speeches which had been
.delivered that
ight, that no possible good could result from 'cos •
iinquiry, even if it did take place: The Right Rout •
e ntleman proceeded to notice the several means of •
eniploying• the poor, suggested by several of the
'Gentlemen who spoke in the debate, and etideatroured •
itb sinew the difficulty and impolicy of canying them.
intoeffect. He had an utter objection to the mode
of relieving the distresses of the• pock, by a publie ,
:cosstriliutiois. Such a plan 'of" relief, amongst many
' et impolitic Coniequenceif would producethe ef-
fect a counteracting those Checks which operated' .
*Oast an increasing population, and which;', he -
feared, would be.fbund to be the only effectual rod
th
medy for the distresses oftheconntry: Under ad throe
circnm.stances,'he isottidSiot vote for the' niotidka • '
'• Mr. J. P. GRANT eontended,•that thesitinkitedi
ings had madebut little progress in Seed:toil; and,
although they had extended to Minded, 'Wept e:onlined
ito a very. fee peruses.- . It Was•their ' dere& Itil; into
a COrnuftitek tb hit/sire iittktheintfetreand cape' of
'the present distant, and WWoer.
_..tissfy Odd' see a
remedy toot or net; ftirthen it cod not 4e-ilfeged
! that
.they hail' nitteeteithill'illeans in their itoWer ti
alleviated. ' The far siobitter,pait of &attend, was in
the.iiepodettstatei and, therefore,they *mild 40 *eft
teConfust *eh...prehension: to the gmall'manufac-
tanirs district:. -.lf- there was any thing objectionable
'ls his liontsurabie Friend's motion,' it, might be cosi-
'rated, aud.heboped it Wen• would be : he could not
perroade himself that Nicol:Wawa:ld refine inquiry.
' 10 ''.8111.101-stippOrteft the modem* inquiry t
- - - Whether it • ' riot be even
lisafteekr , afford`

~- ~~~



• IP

.

sett, he aisapprxiv...
Mr. WILBERFORCE wished that all the dist&
fected persons in the country had heard the pm:d
eal, unambitious,' and eloquent Spent of his Hopi,
Friend (Mr. Baring. He was confident, thei If they
had heard it, they wield; be induced' to admire, icor"
than everpthst 6inetitatlon which het brought ties

Re,,• , .
6 Emit, rila ‘tiligeitie
and 1:1060.1144tatbad.014 diat7Wai4d .adwnßat
wards of. aye thousand poor_ peOpie . oat of. employ-
ment. By his own elertiotis in Lonileon, amongst
his friends, he raised £1,560 niore, which_ he. sent

considerable .benest imps DC Inaivw w., • .........- .„-- r__,_ _
Pattichentair iuterfereme, that was, in the prioit of • Mr. #ts SMITH ibpperted the motion for taquir, t
labritir,- as regarded this country with that or, Siotv bird •rvished wiliest:ow, Whether it would hot be even
land. In one placethers was an ins ....:m,,cr is the *INW wrisepesch.lintfcediPopertY-tai to aifotd•
price of labour.; and in Theotilt insuruey. istliflis eto Poor. : • .
was made up -by peon' Tates, • confequenee. of • 14r; V: SMITH. could not help esposlig that thl.
dil `would bes,thit isk.d•Cfortnet it sboul,d fail, sad see% dairies, that thodestructien *Of, machinery
is the latter, Wave sp only.hy the emisisiesathe 'Waite of boo* to thelwor ; 'or .thft awry wog
landholder. He titan referred to an **inns ',his ttilietioliewid lig miring- .ON toOLomet itoloiti
he hisrielibill made it. 'CWentry, about the &to. of R 410601111110 e as. *Maid *lilt ' - onsbour .• •
die traumatises et ifiedwite tow scone. thokii ribilkhdl thee* thi.ises'irissill let be Stinging thi .
-'3ginsivi
that there wati4:l dead of disafetsiut and•dbfseet flap Intotes-drnes dare 011!iistuinr had &A
esistiok- be to* the Manufacturer* an whit rreep•—if .st• Pm**. . r fdake4,troald
04
-plat of 1., Thefowt,ldOz4oirly,- snd. did toe . seN:bsiWeraht, we,
nt* •otrject upraising .dw wog* but die? coateMose k
&at 1 g &towing vto6lditocbeindotionifistisAW Vbl
...- 7.46.::::W..,m0riith A' •' ' ; - iirel4 .
.the. of tice c!erraoditt tutdheddes, -they weetetSt bts; . • .4...",:,,.;.4. , • . •at
'tiding*
fiveot.divesividilittorodiwidtibt perdodtms-40 tweet -- . - ifbito:Mlik .4 .
. . . '-. . , ....
.. ,
•., • .
•
