o.

Abstained from voting
One vote declared null

.

HAMBURG.
FROM THE POLISH FRONTIER.

FOriFIGN !NTELLIGENCE.
PRINCE LEOPOLD I SAXE COBURG, KING
OF BELGIUM.
BRUSSELS, SATURDAY, JUNE 4.—The crowd
assembled round the Congress before the doors
were opened.
At eleven o'clock, the President took the chair,
arid declared that the order of the day was the
I lection of the chief of the state.
A short discussion took place as to the mode of
proceedino*, when It was agreed that it should be
conducted in precisely the same manner as that of
the Duke de Nemours, en the 4th of February last.
A table was brought into the centre of the hall,
by the huissiers, and an urn was placed on the ele-
vated table, behind which the President and the
four Secretaries sit.
The President then drew by lot the names
of eight members to form the Committee of
scrutiny, who took their seats around the table;
three acted as secretaries, three as scrutineers, and
two to read aloud the votes.
The list of the members were then read over,
and each, as his name was called went to the tri-
bune, in front of the chair, and handed a billet to
the President, who put it into the urn. Each
billet was signed with the member's name.
This proceeding occupied more than half an hour.
M. A. Rodenbach, who is blind, was led up the
steps of the tribune, in order to hand his ticket to
the President.
The urn was handed down to the Committee,
:.nd the President declared that 196 members bad
given in their votes : two were absent ou account of
illness, and two without leave.
The tickets were then counted over, and found
correct. One of the Committee then opened them,
and read aloud each vote, and the member's name ;
and the other member took it, and also read it aloud.
It was then banded to the three scrutineers, who
examined it to find it correct. One vote was de-
clared by the Congress to be null, on account of the
wording of it.
After the tickets bad been all read and pro-
nounced correct, the result of the scrutiny was
handed to the President, who read it aloud, as
follows :
For declaring his Royal Highness Leopold, Prince of Saze
Coburg, King of the Belgians • • .. 152
Against his election 10
Forteg the Regent, Baron Sudet de Maier,
. ••• ••• ••• 14

Total . 196
The President then read the decree of the election, nod
declared his Royal Highnesss Leopold George Frederick,
l'tinee of Satte Coburg, King of the Belgians, in conformity
to the constitution.

The decree is as follows :
In the name of the Belgian people, the National Con-
gress decrees—
" Art. 1. His Royal Highness Leopold George Frede-
rick PAD= of Bare Coburg, is proclaimed Bing of the Bel-
gians, on condition of accepting the constitution as it has
berm decreed by the National Cowes&
" Art. 2. lie is not to take possession of the throne, until
after having solemnly taken the following oath:—' I swear
to observe the constitution and laws of the Belgian people,
and to maintain the national independence and integrity of
the territory."
The President, and the Congress, and the galle-
ries, applauded, by clapping their hands, and cries
of " Bravo," and " Long live our King."
The people on hearing the cannon announce the
election, rushed in crowds towards the Congress.
All seem pleased, and express their hopes that the
Prince will come hither, and bring with him the
blessings of peace and tranquillity.
The Congress next proceeded to name a com-
mission of ten members, including the President.
LONDON, TUESDAY.—The vote of the Belgic
Congress was yesterday officially make known to
his Royal Highness at Claremont ; in consequence
of which he came to town, and in The course of
the evening a conference of the Representatives of
the Great Powers took place at the Foreign Office,
and a Cabinet Council was held. The answer is
not expected to be returned before Thursday. The
Deputation from the Belgian Congress to his Royal
Highness consists of—M. de Gerlache, President
of Congress ; M. Destouvelles, Vice-President ;
the Count F. de Merode ; the Count Duval de

Beaulieu ; the Baron Osy ; M. de Thorn, Governor
of Luxemburg; M. Van der Weyer ; the Count H.
Vilain XIV ; M. H. de Brouckere.

KIT 29.—Accounts from the theatre of war
state that the Polish Commander-in-Chief was

attacked by Marshal Diebitsch, on 26th inst. at
Ostrolenka, when a sanguinary battle ensued, in
which the Russian army was victorious. Ostro-
leak& was taken by storm by the Russians, with
astounding bravery. The division of the Polish
General Gielgad, which stood at Lonna, has been
cut off by the movements and successes of the
Russian army. The Poles acknowledged their
own loos, in killed and wounded, to amount to
4,000 men. Among the killed are Generals Kicki
and Kaminski, and a number of staff officers. The
heed-quarters of the Polish Commander-in-Chief,
were on the 27th again at Pultusk.
WARSAW.
MAy 28— (In the evening.)—ln the battle of
Ostrolenka, on the 26th, both armies fought with
an inveteracy unexampled. The oldest Generale
have no recollection of so sanguinary a combat. The
result is, that General Skrzynecki has to-day again
fixed his head-quarters in Praga. Among the killed
on the side of the Poles are Generals Kicki and
Kaminski, and Lieut.-Col. Gajewski ; 20,000 men
on one side or the other are said to have remained
on the field of battle. Quarter was out of the ques-
tion; the chief work was performed with the bay-
onet. The Russian Guards were in action, and
displayed great bravery.
MAY 29.—A relation of the most recent opera-
tions published to-day, says : The chief object of
the movement of our army towards Tykocin and
Lonna was to enable a corps under the command
of General Chlapowski to reach Lithuania, in or-
der to afford assistance to the insurgents in that
province. This point having been attained, as the
Commander-in-Chief found it impossible to induce
the Russian Guards to give battle, and as the
junction of Marshal Diebitsch ,with the Guards
would give a combined force far superior to
his own, he determined to return to his former
position, while General Gielgud, who it was in-
tended should enter the northern part of Lithuania,
'an his march upon Lamm Marshal Diebitsch,
mean time, having effected his junction
the Guards, determined to cut our army off
Warm*. The galient resistance of the second
under General Lubieneki, which forced its
!die point of the bayonet, through a force

thrice its own strength, enabled General Skrsy-
necki to pursue his march. On the 25th, the
Guards attacked General Lubienski, whose corps
formed our rear, at the same time that Diebitscb
was advancing in the direction of Carew. Our
army was already, on the right bank of the Narew,
and the rear only remained on the opposite bank.
On the 26th the attack was renewed, commanded by
Marshal Diebitscb in person. The Polish General
drew nearer to Ostrolenka, and the enemy's
march was arrested by the fire which the hau-
bitzers had kindled in the town. General Lu-
bienski crossed the Narew, and burnt the bridge,
but not so effectually as to prevent its being
quickly restored. Accordingly General Schako-
ffsroi, supported by a tremendous artillery,
succeeded in crossing the river. A most violent
combat ensued. The enemy vainly endeavoured
to convey large masses to the right bank. Our
troops defended themselves most brilliantly. The
carnage was dreadful, and lasted several hours, du-
ring which our troops in vain endeavoured to force
the enemy back to the other side of the river, who,
on his part, was also vainly striving to effect his
purpose. The chief point of contention was the
bridge; and a long elevated dyke which passes
along the marshy shore of the Narew, and the
nature of the ground contributed mach to
give the battle a sanguinary character. They
brought man to man, and thousands were
killed by being thrown over the dyke. The Russian
troops displayed a degree of courage and resolution
far superior to what they had shown in the preced-
ing part of the campaign. An unusual heat in-
creased the labour of the day. The Russians threw
away their knapsacks to be more at their ease. At
length, towards evening, fatigued by their exer-
tions, and unable to overcome the resistance of our
gallant troops, the enemy withdrew to the left bank
lof the river, and we remained in possession of the
Ifield of battle, upon which the Commander-in-
Chief passed the night, in order to provide
for the relief of the wounded. To have

re-commenced the battle would have tended to no
result, as Gen. Gielgud had bad full time to effect
his march upon Lomas: the Commander-in-
Chief, therefore, resolved to retreat over Rona to
Pultusk. This march was effected in perfect order,
and without being in any way disturbed by the
enemy, who, it appears, had suffered too severely
to follow us. To estimate the loss on both sides
is as yet impossible. On our side from 3,000 to
4.000 men are hors de combat; but it appears cer-
tain that, though the Commander-in-Chief, with
his usual caution, avoids all allusion to the loss of
the enemy, it must be at least double ours. Four

of them the Guards—that first at-
tempted to pass the river, are cut to pieces. We lost
neither artillery, baggage, or prisoners; a few strag-
glers alone can have fallen into the enemy's hands
during the retreat. We Dave taken only 200 pri-
soners. Generals Kicki and Hkaminski have been
killed. Two other Generals, Pac and Boguslowski,
have been slightly wounded. According to the
statements of the prisoners, three Russian Gene-
rals have been killed. The severe service which
our troops have had to pass through, has induced
our Commander-in-Chief to allow them a few days
rest in Praga.
The intelligence that the Polish army, after a
sanguinary and disastrous battle, was approaching
the capital, spread consternation here, but the frank
statement of General Skrzynecki has tended for the
present to tranquillize the public mind. Two fresh
regiments of infantry, and several squadrons of ca-
valry, have already proceeded to the camp.
HAMBURG H, Juirs 3.
Boasair HALLE, FOUR o'CLoct.—Sako of wheat have
aeLnieeo effected at reduced prices.
the 21st to the 27th ult. 934 cargoes of Coen passed
time band, 73 bound to British pats.
Price—Rix don.
.. 130 ... 100
... 100 ... 140

Wheat, Silesian and Bohemian
Anhalt, White
Ditto, Anhalt, Red
Ditto. Mecklenburg

.. 108 ... 140
.. 90...115

Discount, 11-per Cent.
Anglo Russian Loan, 3 per Cent. .. 60/
Anglo-Russian ... ••• .. 90
Hamburg ditto .. •.•
New Austrian, 4 per Cent.
Polish Bonds .. .. .. 89
Austrian Bank Shares —1065
New Hanoverian. spa Cent. ... 991
—Hamburg Rtporter.
Exchange on tendon, 13 10 ; Two Months, 13 Ili.
CAPE OF GOD HOPE.
Pratt the Znid Afrikarsis of Feb. 25.
GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENT. Whereas
two applications have been addressed to his Excel-
lency the Governor—the one, a memorial soliciting
his sanction for a general meeting of slave pro-
prietors to be held in Cape Town, on the Stb of
March next, " for the purpose of electing a Com-
mittee to consult and lay before his Majesty's go-
vernment such plans as may tend to ameliorate and
ultimately do away with slavery in this colony, as
well as other measures connected with the ultimate
*west' of the slaves themselves, and the interests
it to colony at large ;"—and the other, a letter
requesting permission for a public meeting to be
held at the Commercial Room, on the 21st inst.
" for electing a Committee to consider the best
means of abolishing slavery in this colony."
His Excellency has seen fit to withhold the sanc-
tion for the present, as he conceives that separate
meetings for such purposes, in the same commu-
nity, would rather open a field for fruitless con-
troversy than to lead to any general and beneficial
result.

Uninformed alike as to the sentiments of his
Majesty's Government, and those of the colonial
slave proprietors generally, on a question of such
extreme delicacy and importance, his Excellency
cannot venture to promote, nor will be seek
to discourage, in the slightest degree the calm
consideration of that question. If the pro-
prietors satisfy him that they are favour-
ably disposed towards the measure, and desire
to entertain proposals as to the best means of ac-
complishing it, be will readily sanction a general
meeting, at which every slave proprietor will have
an opportunity to declare his sentiments, and sub-
scribe to whichever plan he shall deem best suited
for the purpose ; but his Excellency cannot autho-
rise the appointment of any committee in the man-
' ner and for the purposes stated in either of the ap-
plications now before him.
In the meantime, be trusts the colonists will not
suffer themselves to be influenced by any intem-
perate expression of opinion which may arise fiom
the discussion of this question. It will be their
truest interest to bring to its consideration no feel.
ings but those consistent with reason, justice, and
humanity.
By command digs Excel the °moor,
JOHN MI., See. to Oar.
Colonial Olfun, Cape of Good Hop% ha. 14.

NATIONAL MONUMENT TO THE KING.
GENERAL SUBSCRIPTION FOR ERECTING A
GRAND NATIONAL MONUMENT, as a Tribute
of respect and esteem to his Most Gracious Majesty
KING WILLIAM the FOURTH, for his patriode
conduct in defending the Rights and Libertko of his
People.
Under the Patronage of
The Right Honourable the LORD MAYOR.
AT a Meeting of the Delegates of the Trades
and Benefit Institutions of the Metropolis, held en
the 28th ult. in celebration of his Majesty's Birth.day, the
following Resolutions were carried unanimously :-
Ist. Resolved : That a General Subscription for erecting
a Triumphal Arch, or other emblematical design, as s tribute
of respect from a loyal people to their beloved, most Gracious
and Patriotic Sovereign King William the Fourth, for his
heroic conduct in defence of their rights and liberties, be
immediately carried into effect.

2d. Resolved—That *Committee be immediately formed,
for the purpose of carrying this great and important object
into effect, and that no person be eligible to be of this Corn.
mittee, but Maslen and Operatives of the various Societies
of Trade and Benefit Institutions, and that Two Delegates
of each Society are virtually by their office Members of this
Committee.

3d. Resolved—That the present Meeting form a Commit-
tee for furthering the object of the first Resolution.
4th. Resolved—That a Committee of Management. con-
sisting of Five Gentlemen, from the present Meeting, be Im.
medistely chosen, in order to carry into effect the Resolu-
tions of this Meeting, and for furthering the object by such
steps u may appear necessary, as well as for calling a Gene-
ral Meeting of Delegates from all Societies on an early day.
By Order of the Committee of Management,
O. MACHIN, Esq. Chairman.
The Committee of Management are in attendance daily at'
the Old Landon Tavern, Bishopsgate-atreet. where Sub-
scriptions and Communications will be cheerfully received,
and duly acknowledged.
Subscriptions will also be received at the following Bank-1
ing Houses : Sir W. Kay, But, and Co. Mansion House. I
street ; Esdaile, Harnmetts, and Co. Lombard-street ; of
Messrs. Grote, Prescot, and Co; and at all the principal
Taverns and the respectable Licenced Victuallers throughout
the United Kingdom, where Books will be leh to receive
the mite of the humblest of his Majesty's subjects, that
all classes may have an opportunity of contributing to
this national and patriotic undertaking.
Committee Room, London Tavern, June 1, 1831.

began hi
Itr in the
with the
tem W.
earl.
way. d.
•
