PRIVATE JOURNAL OF MADAME CAMPAN.
Madame Campan, whose justification of-Marie An-
toinette was equally honourable to her talents and her
love of truth, from her situation at the head of a cele-
brated establishment for female instruction, patronized
by Napoleon, had many opportunities of enjoying the
conversation of that distinguished individual. In this
work, in which a M. Maigne relates the substance of
what fell from Ma-lame Campan, in conversations in a
retreat in the neighbourhood of Paris, from the latter
e,ot of 181.5 to the time of his death, we have some
se: y characteristic sayings of Napoleon, which have all
the appearance of fidelity.
" In a conversation which NladameCamoan'hz-d with
Napoleon, he observed, that if he could fairly fight
public opinion, he should not fear it. But as it could
not be heat down by his artillery, he found' himself
obliged to conciliate by justice and equity, two powers
by which it is alvigys to be won. To pursue any other
tour-e, is to endanger wealth and distinction. It is im-
possible to impri.un public opinion ; restraint serves
only to irritate it. Public opinion,' added Madame
C.lmpan, may be compared to an eel ; the *tighter one
hoick it, the sooner it escapes.
46 Napoleon likewise said-4 Revolutions are brought
about only by injustice. Where would be the motive
for them, if Governments were guided solely by the
laws of equity ? All revolutions, past and to come, must
be attributed to injustice, and I defy the most artful
politician to assign any other cause for them. In the
Objezt of the French Revolution there was nothing to
condemn; all the mischief consisted in the excesses
committed by misguided men. It is necessary to bear
in mind these two facts, lest we should confound jus-
tice on the one hand, and iniquity on the other. What !
must a man trace back his pedigree for fourteen cen-
turies befare he can be deemed-worthy of respect? Be-
fore the Revolution it was necessary to be a Nobleman,
to hold a commis,ion in the army ; and to be connected
with a great family to obtain a Bishopric. The Revo-
lution was brought about by the Nobility and the high
Clergy. That's a fact of which I am thoroughly con-
vinced:
" Having visited Molmaison, during the Consulate,
Madame Campan was led to the following reflections:
What singular chance has brought me from the
Tuileries to this abode of pomp and splendour ? But
on looking around me, I perceive a Duke of the old
stock, M. de L—, who seems to be much more out
of place than myself. I came in fulfilment of my du-
ties as governess to the younger branches of the family ;
but surely, this Duke has no business here ! I could not
help remarking,' added Madame Campan,' that yourl
people of quality are made for slavery. Their backs
are so flexible that they are never so happy as when they
are bowing.'
" She informed me, that Madame Murat one day
said to her, lam astonished that you are not more,
awed in our presence; you speak to us with as much
familiarity as when we were your pupils r—"lshe best
thing you can do,' replied Madame Campan, '• is to
forget your titles when you are with me; for I never
be afraid of Queens whom I have held under the rod.'
" Madame Campan has many times -told me that
Marshal Ney, just at the moment when the battle of
the Moskwa was decided, sent to request of Napoleon
the whole reserve of the guard. Napoleon inquired of
the atd-de-camp whether the Russian guard had yet
engaged? He was told that they had, and had been
beaten by the troops of the line. 'ln that case,' re-
plied he, it will be a fic.er thing to be able to say, in
the bulletin, that the battle was gained without my re-1
serve having been brought into action.'
. " Marshal Ney had made this request w idt a view to
cut off the retreat of the Russians; and had the reserve
marched forward, it is probable that nearly the whole
of their army would have been made prisoners, and that
a treaty might have been arranged on Orefield of battle."

The Dutch Journals contain an extremely long ac-
count from Batavia, of a successful expedition against
the King of Tanette, who was dethroned
by his own
subjects, and his sister placed on the throne in his stead.
The Brussels PaperS state that the debate on the
budget, in. the Second Chamber, commenced on the
13th instant; it as very animated, and continued the
next day. •
Letters from Smyrna of the 20th of October, state
that the Florida had arrived there from Napoli di Ro-
mania, with several ..persons ill of lever, supposed to be
contagious. The Captain aa. dead, and Mr. Bulwar
dangerously ill. Another English Gentleman, pro-
bably Mr. HAMILTON BROWN, was very 111,-but WAS
expected to recover.
Letters and Pape's .have been received from Gibral-
tar to the 26th ult. but they contain no political news.
It appears from the former that Wheat continued is
good request, and that the price maintained was 335.
Fer quarter for hard wheat.
Letters flour Valencia speak of a formidable mounted
Guerilla, talk!) is traversing the province, and pur-
chasing, at a good round price, all the serviceable horses
they can find. From the very moment the departure
of the French troops began to be s.uiously talked of,
Constitutional Goei illas commenced spewing them-
selves in various parts of the Peninsula. Don Carlos
Espana, Captain General of Ai agon, has sent an officer
with dispatches to the Government, stating the necessity
-he is under of demanding a reinforcement of troops, in
order to quell t!.e excesses that are daily. taking place in
Lot, er Ai r ago.i, u here the Blanco:, and Negros ate com-
mitting all sorts of excesses on each other.
Early on the motning of Tuesday, a fire broke out in
some lofts in I I ampton Iluildings, Plymouth, containing
a quantity of valuable linens, calicoes, cloths, 8:c. lately
pie erved from the wrecks, and therein hung up to dry.
The fie was occasioned by a lighted candle acciden-
tally coming in contact with the linen, which being
nearly dry, immediately ignited and spread with great
rapidity. The devouring element was not extinguished
until the whole was burnt to the
.ground, leaving no-
thing bat the bare walls, and it was fortunate that the
air at the time was still. I-lad there been any wind, the
I.eighbouring houses must have fallen a prey.
At Margate, Ramsgate, Ashford, Romney, &c. in
consequence of the destruction of sheep by the rot, the
faculty have dec4red mutton unfit for eating ; and that
circumstance has been proclaimed by the common crier.
It fs supposed the Essex fox-hounds, viz. Lord Pctre's, Nr•
Cuncrs', Mr. C. Newman's, and Mr. Nunn's, have had more
sport this season than any her hounds in England. There are a
great many hunters staying in Chelmsford and its neighbourhood, it
bei.l so very centric.uL

mosinsfein.
• 11-0 `7,
-Rao .
-- 5 •
IS: •-••-
