PROCLAMATION OF OERERAL

SOLDIERS UNDER 1113 COMMAND.
" SOLDIERS—My satisfaction and any glory are
yours, receive then from my mouth the agreeable
information, which must fill you with enthusiasm, as
it does me with joy, your heroism, your efforts, your
irresistable constancy, and your love of liberty, has at
*get awakened the different nations of the North,
'degraded by slavery. Admiring the prodigies of va,
lour which you have performed against the legions of
. the common tyrant, for the space of more than three
ANOTHER BATTLE IN PORTUGAL.
years, and filled with the most ardent emulation,
The Marlborough packet, Captain BULL, which has
they have broken the disgraceful silence in which
arrived at Falmouth in 23 days, from Cadiz, spoke,
they were plunged. With generous intrepidity al.
on the 30th ultimo, his Majesty's ship Tati.aor, the
ready has Prussia announced to the satellites of the
Hon. Capt. Jonas, which had left Oporto seven days
tyrant her noble resolution of imitating the energetic
before. Calvin JONRs informed Captain BULL that
Spaniards in the defence of her rights. Who knows
a letter had reached Oporto from Evora, dated the
what victims may already have been sacrificed to her '
16th, stating, that on the 15th our advanced guard
just vengeance. This is not the only information
had an affair with that of the enemy, near Albuera,
which I have to announce to you. Russia,
and that two thousand of the latter were made pri.
that formidable nation, has penetrated the true
soners. The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded
intentions and stratagems of the French Emperor, her
-was also great. The Princess Charlotte packet was
great Emperor has declared war against France.
to sail from Lisbon on the 23d ultimo, the same day
.----Be convinced,) Soldiers, that your endurance,
the Talbot left Oporto ; important information may
your inimitable constancy has been the origin of this
therefore be hourly expected. vast revolution. Many are your glories, but that
By the Marlborough we learn, that Vicroa had
which you obtained on the 16th, in the plains of Al.
raised the siege of Cadiz, and marched to join Sews.
buera, will render you a name. Yeu have overthrown
The Marlborough sailed from Cadiz on the 9th of
the enemy with the bayonet, and obtained the admi.
Jane; but Cadiz letters and papers of the 16th are
ration of our good allies, who were witnesses of your
in town, and these make no mention whatever of the
valour. Soldiers, the enemy flies at sight of you ; it
raising of the siege of the Cadiz. The Government is necessary to seek him, and at once bring the con-
dispatches, from Cadiz, were brought to Town by
test to an end. Then shall you be the admiration of
Major ARMSTRONG, who arrived in Downing.street
the whole world, the joy and consolation of your
this morning., country, and the object of the liberty of the just and
His Majesty's ship ONYX has also arrived at Ply-
wise government which directs us, and the cordial
mouth from Cadiz with dispatches. They bring in-
love of your General and companions in arms.
telligence of some recent advantages having been ob. I (Signed) " Luit.errraos.
tamed by the Spaniards, in the Sou,th of Spain, but " tleadiesarters, Feria, May is, 1 811."
do not confirm the report brought by the Marlborough SEVILLE, JUNE f.
of Vicrott having raised the siege of Cadiz. By advice: from Almagre, we have received infor-
The following are extracts from Official Papers, oration that the third corps of the French army is
brought by the above Mail : . advancing by double marches to reinforce Souk. It
Official Letter, dated the Illtla elt, from the Generalist Chisf Don
1 is wished to make us believe that it consists of 10,000
A. de la Quedro, the Chief 4 the Gwent Stair, relative to die
)3atttie of Cjbeila, but there is reason to suppose that it does not
it Having MI Ole 14,th received Intelligence that
*moot to half that number, Perhaps this may have
the enemy hid united chair forccs, for the purpose beta Ike timus of the humeral= which 43 oult hat

THE EVENING STAR.

SATURDAY, JULY 6.
PRICE OF STOCK'S THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Cons. for opg. 6*—s per Coat. Reduced 62ff
4 per Cent. 79{—Bends 20s. 21s. premium.
Omnium If dis.—Elcheq. Bills par Is. prem.

made to the Pedroehes de Cordoba, extending to the

fountain Orejunc.

Jots* 4.—A requisition has been made in all haste
of carts and horses, to send off to-night a convoy Of

provisions to Sonit. Two hundred wounded cavalry
have entered by"the gate of Macarena, many of them
on foot, and others en asses. This morning the

French invalids have been removed, and such as are
least disabled, obPged to resume their arms ; relative
to which there has been great altercation among them-
selves; they have also received the Spanish corps,
but there are in them but very few soldiers. The
Governor has told the Officers that he will furnish

those with passports who wish to go to the army, but
they are not well satisfied with the service, and it is
not expected that any one will go.

Accounts have been received that Joseph Bona-
rate arrived at Bayonne on the 9th ult. and that far
from being received with obsequiousness he was near
being insulted. He did not stay longer than noon,

and then continued his journey to Paris ; he was little
else than the laughi::,; stock of his attendants.—
Other particulars are likewise related, which indicate
the general disposition of the public mind in that
count ry.

The son of the Marquis of Grannia, who from a
commandant, which he was, has been reduced to be
the lowest soldier of the army, has been expelled the
service, and conducted to Cartuja, without its being
*flown for what reason. Chabarria, the Commissary
of Police, has likewise been dismissed, because he
wished to steal more than the French. Cavalry sol-
diers, dismounted, wounded, and dispersed, cont'nue
to enter by the gate of Majorena.

Besides the wounded in tne battle of Albuera,

many others have been conducted to Carmona, Eeija,
and Cordoba. In Cartuja there are .500, and many
die daily.

The garrison of Seville does not amount to 1000
men; 700 compose that of Cartuja, u•here they have
planted a great number of pieces of artillery, most of
them pointed against the city.

CADIZ, JUNE 8.

'Our accounts from Catalonia comedown to the

15th ult. The Marquis of Campo Verde, after hav
an provided the Castle of Figueras with the requisite
supplies, had returned by sea with a part of his troops
to Tarragona, where the grebtest confidence and spirit
reigned ; and they considered as rash Suchet's project
of besieging it with the few forces he had under his
command. The Caste of San Fernando, supplied
with provisions for six months, and garrisoned with
8000 men, commanded by Lhe brave Erolas, was in
a condition to despise any attempt whatever of the
enemy.
JCNE 14.—1 t appears that it cannot be doubted!
that the 9th corps of the French army, under the
command of Dronet, is Coming to reinforce Soult.i
It is known that, on the 29th of May he left Toledo
for Andalusia with 6000 men, but so infirm and out
of condition, that they ought not to be reckoned
at more than two thirds of that number.
This is the same corps and the same General who
tlarched uh reinforce Massena on his retreat from
Portugal. Massena derived no great advantage from
his aid, and, all circumstances considered, it is pro-
bable Soult will derive as little.
MADRID, MAY 18.

The agitation of the French, particularly that of
the Ministers, who know the state of affairs in Anda-
lusia, continues, and it is much feared that the French
forces in that province will not be able to effect its
junction with the Army of the Centre (so they call
that in Madrid and its neighbourhood); in conse-
quence of its shortness of numbers, and the nume-
rous parties of Patriots who overrun the country. In
consequence of this, they are fortifying the right of
the Tagus.

The Henry, merchant vessel, has arrived in six
weeks and two days from the Brazils. A Gen-
tleman, who came passenger in her from Rio de
Janeiro, states, that, at the time of his departure, se-
•eral British ships of war were preparing to saii for
Monte Video, in consequence of a representation hav-
ing reached Admiral DE CoLxer•, relative to some
outrageous conduct on the part of the Governor of
that place, Deo, by whose orders several British
subjects, found on board two Spanish ve..isels belong-
ing to Buenos Ayres, had been seized and publicly
executed at Monte Video. Affairs arc beginning to.
wear a very serious aspect in that quarter, on ac-
count of the strength and obstinacy of the contending
'patties.
'ln addition to the reinforcement of ships under or-
ders for North America, three stout frigates are to be
forthwith sent to reinforce our squadron off Spanish
And Portuguese America, to act as circumstances
33327 require.

Sir Joss.px YORKE sailed yesterday from Spithead
for the Coast of America.

The CANOPUS is expected home from the Mediter- I
',newt in about two months
The POMONE frigate is also ordered homt from the 1
above place.
The 10th of May the British fleet was still off t
'Toulon.
Sir J. Ducxworm hoisted his flag on board the
ANTELOPE, at Plymouth on the 4th. He goes to
Newfoundland.
Sir JOHN LADE lies dangerously ill at his house in
Berkelq-street, Portman-square, having, on his re-
turn from walking in the Park with Lady LADE on
Tbuuday, burst a blood-vessel.
